PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, gJUEYjj 5^/1901.
VOLUME XC— NO. 35.
WITH ALL ITS BUNTING FLYING AMD WITH
LESS NOISE BUT MUCH MORE FEELING THE
CITY LETS THE EAGLE HAVE HIS HOLIDAY
Continued on Page Seven.
» ¦ ..^ i^ — — — —^^— ¦ i
Rhode Island, ref used ¦ to .accept it, and
were regarded as foreign powers and out
side the Union for more than- a year after
the machinery of the Government was in
operation and .until they brought , them-,
selves within the Union 'by ratifying the
constitution. It. is not strange, therefore,
that. we hear in this, day murmurings of
dissent -.in-l oft repeated suggestions that
we have outcrrown- the constitution.'. .But
since our . victorious , arms ' invited ' the re
sponsibilities of conquest 'and the colonies
of Spain were added -to our .-territory', the
alarming frequency ' of this, lack "of con
fidence in our institutions is indeed ' di3r
— ' ¦ ,. . - r . . - . - . .
-. couragingJtoVone . who :.believe3 j that-all
- questions -that arise^ in', our, country
; can be properly ¦¦ adjusted in the jj light j of
' prevailing conditions.* i-. : ' > , .'
] \ ¦ ': Inspiration', of Patriotism. •;':
¦¦ "If it. were not for. the intense patriotism
,of the American people, wq might tremble
I for ' the*' stability ' of/6ur fsWgjj of ; state jn
; this age. when! innovation seems jtobe'the
popular, fad "of fthe; hour.'.but. this V'f §,rvld
j impulse -is as- strongf to-day as when '.the
[men- of Lexington .fbuckled on;, the; armor.
j i of.battlo. -'and^ while'; this sentiment kindle3
• t within 'theY heart "of - the '.nation .we need
f cur no *'fo*e //without, "tuVre' «*n ne noiie
within. ,_Was there ever a more insp'ring
picture > of ' patriotism than the spectacle
of every, State in our Union- demanc ing
that they' each be permitted to send more
soldiers' to 'the front than the legal allot
ment-permitted when, the clarion note of
war., sounded the knell of the last yeatig?
of -greatness.'. But the. course ; of
that unequal 'struggje seemed to suggest
more." pity \for .the '¦ vanquished 'than of
glory^.for our : conquering, 'arms. ,. '•¦'.'. :
i.^'The Inspiration of American patriotism
lies in older landmarks. Let him t who has
hotlfelt^the thrill of love of guzs
Continued on Page Two.
The Rev. Joseph McQualde, chaplain of
the First InJantrj'. N- G. C. delivered the
Invocation, while the audience rose and
Trith bowed heads echoed his prayer for
the nation that was seeing the dawn of
another year of prosperity and progress.
Then Mr. HIckey, who was acting as
president of the day, opened the pro
gramme with some ringing periods of
prophecy for the future greatness and
grandeur of the country and a few words
of warning against the pitfalls that peo
ples, In the full tscope of their power, are
likely to encounter. He then Introduced
Robert Lloyd, who gang- the "Sword of
Bunker H11L"
The exercises were under th© direction
of the literary committee, composed of
Thomas W. HIckey, chairman; William
D. Hynee. P. J. Curtis and Jsaph B.
Greensfelder. ' ., •
About as successful a. patriotic pro
gramme as has been given In this city
ettracted a houseful to the Metropolitan
Temple last evening. It was a somewhat
cold audience at first, but toward the end
enthusiasm appeared until when all arose
to sing "America" there -were few who
did not join in the old tune with a fervor
that told how well the exercises had
served their end.
Taft, •Manila: . Upon the assumption of your
new duties as civil 'Governor of the Philippine
Islands I. -Have (treat ' pleasure in sending con
gratulations to you ' and your associate com
missioners and my thanks for the good work
already /accomplished. I extend to you my
full confidence 'and best wishes for still greater
success in ' the larjrer responsibilities now de
volved' upon you and the assurance not only
for m>«elf-but for my. countrymen of good
will* for the people, of the" islands and, the hop*
Civil Governor Taft received the follow
ing message. from President McKinley:
The United States army transport
Meade sailed to-night for Nagasaki with
General '¦ Mac Arthur and the members of
his staff on board.
brated In St. Lcuis on a larger scale than
ever before. Under the auspices of the
Fourth of July' Celebration Association a
parade of military and civic bodies | was
given in the morning. At Delmar Gar
dens in tfle afternoon there were patriotic
exercises and > addresses. Among . th«
speakers was Hon. Spencer Blackburn,
member of Consress from North Carolina,
and Hon. W. A. Walker of Milwaukee,
Wis.
E1IPORIA, Kans.. July '4.— The feature
of the Fourth of July celebration was the
drivlngvof the first spike of the Kansas
City, Mexico and Orient Railroad, krown
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PATRIOTISM AND NOT
RIOT THE KEYNOTE OF
CENTURY'S FIRST FOURTH
Evening Exercises Breathe a Spirit of Pride
and Loyalty That Finds Ready Re
sponse in the Hearts of the Many
AKOTHER Fourth has come and
gone and in its passage it found
the people of the same min-i and
heart as always. It was not a
boisterous Fourth nor an excit
ing one, but all the inspiration
of the day was there, and that
after all counts for more than powder
smoke and street parades.
nags were well in evidence, and people
teemed satisfied with them; there was
not much attempt at ' other decoration.
Old Glory in all stages of newness and
repair reigned supreme, nor was other
decoration needed. There was wind
enough to lead each glittering ensign out
from its staff, there was sun enough to
light up its bars of red and white, and
its field of blue, and lend luster to its
stars, and there were bands enough to
fill the_-air with its own eone. It would
have been good enough had there been no
more.
The parade of the morning was of the
strictly military sort, and it tramped the
Game paving- stones that thousands of
paraders have pressed before, but It was
unaccompanied, by the crowd and the
cMeers that usually follow the brass but
tons and the bugle's note. It was not a
military Fourth.
During the afternoon bands discoursed
their music to the passing thousands that
gathered in the parks, on the lawns and
under the trees, and heard again th©
tunes that find their fascination in being
so old and so very near to us.
In the evening fireworks rivaled the
Etars, but only for an hour, and while
they lasted the city was out watching.
Why a picture of Washington done in
sputtering- grunpowder is better than a
half-holiday is a problem, but it seems bo.
Why a small boy can find more fun in get
ting a reluctant firecracker even to fizz is
another problem, •which the boy himself
finds difficult. Why it Is that children of
larger growth find pleasure in throwing
chasers into a crowd, firing blanks from
a revolver or touching the punk to the
fuse to get some fiery shape or sound is
another question that the Fourth presents
every year and leaves unsolved; but it
•was not bo bad this year as It has been,
end, besides, there were all the good
points.
In the evening, too, was the patriotic
jjrogramme rendered before a crowd that
really came to listen and to enthuse. It
was an old-fashioned, spread-eagle, ful
minating affair* that brought a good at
mosphere with It and left the people that
came and heard better than they were be
fore and glad they had not missed it. It
nas a good Fourth In sentimentand in all
that makes a good Fourth, and not a
noisy one. It has started the century's
celebrations well and under a rising sun.
It could hardly have <lcne more.
EXERCISES IN
:¦ THE EVENING
Patriotic Speech, and Song Arouse
Great Enthusiasm in I*arge
Audience.
Miss Nellie Waters then played several
selections on the sleigh bells and Robert
Downing read the poem written by
Charles D. South, which received great
applause, in which both the orator and
the poet shared.
The Knickerbocker Quartet sang "The
Old Flag Forever," and Bruce Cornwall
followed with the reading of the Declara
tion of Independence.
Robert P. Troy Speaks.
The "Star Spangled Banner," sung by»-
Miss Btta Welsh, was next, and when the
enthusiasm, that the gran<% old tune called
forth had subsided RobeA P. Troy, the
orator of the evening, took the platform
and spoke as follows:
"The historic - event that we celebrate
on this anniversary not only emancipated
the thirteen colonies from the moods and
exactions of an over-confident sovereign,
but it gave birth to an ideal republic, and
an expansive conception of industrial \
f reedom, undreamed of in the record of
ages that preceded it.
"The republic that sprang from the
ashes of the revolution was not a mere
Incident of chance, but it was a structure
that •was built in sight of the tragic
wrecks that lined the uncertain shore of
history, from the genesis of governmental
decline to the hour of '76. The intellect
and the arms that molded the stranger
Which knocked for recognition at the door
of the family of states was an inspired
force, if inspiration can be said to have
ever played a part in the complexities of
human Intercourse. The men behind the
guns were warriors and philosophers, the
Alexanders and the Aristotles of modern
times. In laying the foundation of the
American commonwealth \ they studied
every flaw' and every virtue of the powers
which flourished in that period ; arid of
those that had sunk into the oblivion of
decay. The product of their statesmanship
was therefore seasoned with the history
of the past and with their own lofty con
ceptions of liberty and 'justice. j ;
"In this bustling age of commercialism
we seem to forget the achievements of
the founders of the republic and there is
a touching absence of the reverent con
sideration of this auspicious hour that Is
due to the anniversary of our national
birth. The priceless jewel of patriotism
sparkles with the 'same vigor as of yore,
but the old ideals seem to be forgotten.
The first evidence that a new republic
appeared upon the stage of action is con
tained in the Declaration of Independ
ence, and the constitution of the United
States outlined . the . proportions .of that
creation. In the one is contained the
ethical sentiment that governs our morals;
In. the other Is measured the legal force
that limits our power.
Two Great Instruments.
"The constitution Is the ever . present
mentor that scrutinizes j our policies and
molds our laws. ] We 'cannot eo outside j
the pale of its limitations unless the peo
ple amend this instrument to permit the
desired departure. It has been amended
fifteen times and is suspectible of further
change as often as .the people may decree
innovation. But not so the Declaration
pf Independence; it cannot be amended.
Us precepts are irrevocable and It must
stand unaltered^ forever, j The Supreme
Court of the United States, the highest
judicial power in the land, has said that
the letter of the constitution can be read
only in the spirit of the Declaration of In
dependence, and this utterance estab
lishes the legal principle that all men are
created equal and that governments derive
their Just powers from the consent of the
governed.
"These two Instruments are the bul
warks that conserve our national entity,
the Declaration buttressed • with- our his
tory and principles, the constitution the
depository of our law and limitations.
"The Revolutionary period was not with
out its scoffers, who questioned the effl
cacy of the theory of government outlined
In these two documents, and who opposed
it with tenacity and bitterness. This re
sistance was so strong when the consti
tution was submitted for adoption that
among its proponents, Madison, Hamilton
¦ and Jay, fearing these attacks, deemed it
necessary to publish . their rcholarly antf
unanswerable arguments in its defence un
der the nom de plume of Pacificus," which i
have Blnce been compiled In that remark
able work — the Federalist; ; We know/al3o
that two States, North Carolina aiid
INHABITANTS OF NEW
POSSESSIONS CELEBRATE
WITH GREAT ENTHUSIASM
Both Political Parties of Porto! Rico Join in
the Joyous and Varied Demonstrations
That Were Arranged by Governor Allen
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO. J.uly
4.— The Fourth of July was cele
¦ brated with great and unprece
dented enthusiasm here to-day,
under the management of Gover
nor Allen's committee. Both the
political parties assisted In the cere
monies, for . which' Governor Allen ap
propriated $500 and the citizens gave the
remainder. The city was crowded.
The celebration opened with a big pub
lic ball, Governor and Mrs. Allen leading
the grand inarch. Never before has there
been such a- display of colors in San Juan.
A majority of the houses were decorated
with flags and bunting and fireworks in
profusion were set off. In 1900 the Fourth
was not celebrated. *
.A£ r 6 o'clock this morning- a salute of
twenty-one guns -was fired. At 9 o'clock .
the parade started. There were over 4000
persons, in line. Including 2500 school chil
dren and COO native troops, the 'Governor
and Councilors, the members of the As
sembly, members of the Gk'A. R., a regi
.mental band, sailors from the Yankton,
marines, police, heads of departments,
court officials, clerks and visiting delega
tions from Bayamo, Arrecibo and other
places, with bands.
The parade was reviewed by the Gov
ernor and the line of march was thronged
with the people of the city.
National Salute Fired.
At 10 o'clock the Legislature met for
preliminary discussion of the matter of
free trade between Porto Rico and the
United States. The national salute was
fired at noon. During the afternoon there
was a baseball game between an American
and Porto Rlcan nine and athletic con
tests, including foot, boat and swimming
races for cash r>rizes. ',
At 4 o'clock there was a mass meeting
in the theater, where the school children
sang national airs in English, after which
addresses were made, and the Declaration
of Independence was read. At 6 o'clock
Governor Allen held a public reception at
the palace.
There was an illuminated boat parade
this evening and a great display of fire
works. " •
Telegrams from other towns on the isl
and report the patriotic observance of the
day, excepting Ponce, which has done
nothing because of, lack of funds. '
* Cubans Attend Celebration. :•'.
HAVANA, July 4.— the Fourth of July
was , observed among the United States
troops by a field day at Camp Columbia,
where there was a large attendance of
Americans and Cubans. All the military
offices. were. closed. V • -
SANTIAGO -DE CUBA, July 4.-The city
has enjoyed two days of celebration con
ducted on the , most elaborate scale since
the war. /Yesterday,- the- anniversary of
the destruction of . Admiral ' Ceryera's
. squadron, there was a yacht excursion to
the Spanish wrecks, Where a salute .was j
fired and an oration' delivered by a loyal
Spaniard on the wreck of the Almlrante
Quuendo. . . . .
To-day there was a demonstration of
unprecedented interest by the Americans.
The Cubans participated and a crowd of •
several" thousands,- by unanimous vote, :
declared that the Fourth of July ought to
be 'a permanent holiday throughout the
Cuban republic.
! To-night a . banquet was . given j at the
Cosmopolitan Club and a fine display of
fireworks followed.
/ - Duly Observed in Philippines.
MANILA, July 4.— The Fourth of " July
was celebrated with great enthusiasm in
the principal towns in the Philippines.
The closing event of the celebration here
was a reception in honor *of General Mac-
Arthur at the residence of the civil Gov
ernor. . Mesdames Taft and Chaff ee as
sisted In receiving the guests.- , V
that their, participation in the government
which It Is our purpose to develop among them
may lead to their highest Advancement, hap
piness and prosperity.
WILLIAM' McKINLBT.
WU TiNG FANG
IS TH£ ORATOR
Philadelphia Has One of the Host
Notable Celebrations in the
1 . East.
PHILADELPHIA, July 4.— Several thou
sand persons gathered in Independence
square to-day to hear Wu Ting Fang, the
Chinese Minister. Minister Wu was: the
orator of the clay at the municipal cele
bratfon of Independence day. arid the
friendly reception given the distinguished
guest must have allayed all fears lor his
safety, based on the fact that he ha 3 re
ceived an anonymous letter threatening
him with bodily harm.
Minister "Wu began with an expression
of his gratification at the honor shown
him and regret over the circumstances
which prevented his acceptance of a simi
lar invitation, a year ago. Referring to
the day, he sketched the many important
events which had occurred upon Its an
niversaries. He made humorous reference
to the fact that China furnished America
with firecrackers, and then in serious vein
traced a similarity in the educational sys
tem of China, which gave the humblest
citizen opportunity to become part of the
Government, and the electoral system of
the United States. He defined the canons
of Confucius and Meneiu's as the Magna
Charta of China and quoted the words o*
Mencius: "The. people are the most Im
portant element in a nation; the spirits of
the land and grain are the next; the sov
ereign is the lightest."
His closing tribute to the United States
was as follows:
Tliis nation, it seems to me, has spruni: Into
existence -with a manfest destiny. There
must be some notable ends for which the in
dependence of the United States was estab
lished.' It was to demonstrate to the world
what great good to mankind a free and inde
pendent people can do; to establish "a govern
ment of the people, by the* people and for tha
people;" to preserve law and order; to treat all
people alike, with fairness and justice; r.o do
away with clannish feeling: to make American
patriotism synonymous with fair play, with
the4ove of mankind, with freedom and literty,
with law and justice. By pursuing , these ends
this republic will become the greatest power
upon the earth, and you citizens' of this ureat
country will be more than ever respected and
loved by alL ;
NEW YORK. July. 4.— Tammany Hall
held- Its ¦ regular j Independence day ' cele
bration, at which the Declaration oi In
dependence" was read and speeches were
made .by. Governor Jennings of, Florida
and other leaders of the Democratic- par
ty. The following letter of regret' from
W. J. Bryan, dated "Washington, June 29,
was read: : , .
I congratulate Tammany upon the fidelity It
has eh'own in celebrating- each returning- an
niversary Of the Signing of the Declaration of
Independence. I trust that at this time, when
the Republican leaders are denying the uni
versal application of the self-evident truths
set forth in the Declaration, special emphasis
will be given to the assertion that governments
derive their just powers from the consent of
the governed. In response to your request for
a sentiment appropriate for the occasion, 1 btg
to suggest the following: "Liberty is not sale
without a written constitution, and a constitu
tion to be of value must be strong enough V>
control every public servant and broad enough
to Include within Its protection every person
who acknowledges allegiance to the flag."
. ST. LOUIS, July A.— The first Fourth of
July of the twentieth century was ;ele-BANDS FILL THE AIR 37ITH MUSIC
PARKS WHERE THEY PLAY ARE
FILLED WITH HAPPY THRONGS
PATRIOTISM THE KEYNOTE,
By Charles D' South.
FOURTH OF JULY ODE,
19O1
Increase in German; Exports.
| BERLIN, /July; 4.—The .fiscal year's ex
ports to the United States, including Dres
den,* amounted to $98,752,519, an increase of
$1,070,461. Magdeburg -shoy/s an-increase
of' $3,424,610; * Bremen,'. $1,164,293, and * Stet
tin, *$805,504; Hamburg, exports decreased,"
$4,109,937. >The'quarter's exports : to "the
United States \ from -,ihe North German
consulates;amounted*to $14,006,326, an: in-
PUT IN BAY, Ohio, July ; the
meeting- of 'the "National' Musical Teach
ers this J afternoon the following officers
were. elected: President, Arthur Manches
ter of Boston; vice -'president, F/ A. Par
ker of Madison, Wis. j secretary, Frank
L, York of Detroit i treasurer, Fred. A.
Fowler, of New Haven, Conn, The next
meeting will be held at Put In Bay from
July/2 to 5,4902, .; ; . v , . ; . . ,
/National j Musical Teachers.
the square, where they lingered and lis
tened and waited for the end.
In Washington and Columbia Squares
the children were greatly in evidence, for
most of the firecrackers had been bmne<l
away by the time the bands piped up, and
the youngsters were willing to lie on the
grass and whistle accompaniments to the
better known tunes. :¦ . ¦ ~ ' .- : ' •
The concerts lasted from 2 o'clock until
5. and during the intervening hours the
three squares were blocked with people.
The concerts preached more patriotism to
a greater number than did either the pa
rade or the exercises in the evening, or
even the fireworks that made day of night
and rent the air with their racket.
TROOPER GETS
SERIOUS FALL
Small Boys Treated at Harbor Hos-
pital for Various Burns and
Injuries.
There was only one serious Fourth of
July accident treated at the Harbor Hos
pital yesterday. George Bunyer of Troop
K, Fifteenth Cavalry, had his nose bro
ken and he sustained a possible fracture
of the skulL The troop was stationed on
Davis street awaiting the starting of the
parade when Bunyer's horse became rest
less. Then a youngster threw a fire
cracker and it started the horse rearing,
the result being that the horseman was
thrown and struck his head on the curb-
Stone. After being treated at the Harbor
Hospital Bunyer was removed in the am
bulance to the Presidio.
Frank Vivian was treated for,' burns on
the face. He was blowing on the fuse of a
firecracker when it exploded-
Martin dummins, 156 Perry street, tried
to make a bomb out of a tomato can.
The can exploded and nearly tore the fin
gers off Martin's right Hand.
Mary Wetzel, whose parents live at 913
Sacramento street, was treated for a* se
vere burn on the right leg. A firecracker
lodged in her stocking and exploded thore.
Frank Vivian, 12 Essex street, and H.
Hendrickson,. 245 Steurt street, both in
spected firecrackers In the act of explod
ing and got off withburned faces. D.Clem
entlna of 14. Clark alley waa not eo for
tunate, A "redhead" exploded in his
hand and burned his face, arm and body
and some of the powder lodged in his eye,
X<ee Tow, a Chinese liquor merchant,
was struck In the neck by a bullet and
seriously wounded last evening, Wheu
the bullet hit the Chinese he was stand
ing on a roof at the corner of Washington
street and Washington alley. ¦
Tbe Bolice have bean unable to ascer
tain yroa fired the shot. The story of th«
injured man Is to th« effect that he wan
in the sect of hanging out clothes and did
cot notice from what direction the shot
came. He thinks it was fired by some one
who was celebrating the Fourth with a
loaded nistol,
A buflet fired by some careless person
narrovrty missed killing Mrs, V. P. Buck
ley in her residence at the corner of
Broadway and Taylor street yesterday
afternoon, Mrs, Buckley was seated near
a window with her husband watching
children Jn th? street, when the bullet
whizzed close to her head and imbedded
itself in the back of a sofa. The police
were unable to ascertain who fired the
shot, \ ••. ¦ •
The staff of physicians at the Emergen
cy Hospital were kept busy ministering to
the wounds of a small army of patriotic
young Americans who displayed too much
ardor in celebrating their nation's birth
day. ¦ -
Martin Mullen, aged 16 years, j residing
at Twenty-first and Valencia streets, wag
treated for burnt face and eyes, caused*
by a, toy cannon,
Joseph Burns, 1221 Devisadero street,
was shot through the left hand while at»
tempting to extract a cartridge which ha4
become lodged in the barrel of a rifle,
Mary Crowjey of 410 Franklin street,
while descending the steps . of St. Igna
tius Church after having. viewed. the pro-r
cession, stepped on a banana peel and
fractured her right ' leg..
Charles Foy, 14 years old, and living at
9 Decatur street, had his face and hands
severely burned while experimenting- with
a toy cannon loaded with a charge of
black powder, . . ,.
Frank Burke, residing at 109% Folsom
street, had his face and . eyes badly in
jured by the explosion of a toypistoL •
Harry Harlow, 104 Grove street, had his
forehead lacerated and was scorched
about the face by the explosion of a fire
cracker which he held in his hand,
James | Mahon, 606 Ellis street, - received
a gunshot wound In his left hand through
the premature discharge of a pistol. •
C Hoffman,. €12 Minna street, had his
lef£ hand injured by the discharge of a
blank cartridge. .
Jacob Human, residing- In North Berke
ley, had his face and bands burned by the ,
fc m HE parade of yesterday was dis
* H > tinctly a military one, and in
[| eluded all the available troops of
j| the city, t>oth regular and militia.
h The men appeared well, but in tne
"^ militia ranks there were many
vacancies. Some organizations
turned out woefully short and the parade
reports will bring trouble for more than
one captain unless they all go through in a
bunch; but the men marched well, and in
general ¦were ¦well appearing.
The column was headed by a company
of police under Lieutenant Birdsall, and
there vras nothing in the column behind
them that looked better or marched more
steadily. Following behind came the grand
marshal, Colonel Charles Boxton, and a
cloud of his aids, and then came the
regulars, headed by the band of the Third
United States Artillery, and commanded
by Colonel William M. Wallace.
In the division of regulars ¦were four
companies of the Eighteenth Infantry, two
foot batteries of the Third Artillery,' three
troops of the Fifteenth Cavalry, and Light
Battery C of the Third Artillery. Folio w
ing these rode in carriages Major General
Young, accompanied by General Babccck,
his adjutant general and chief of staff,
General Young' s two aids. Captain Smed
berg and Lieutenant McKinley, and Gen
eral Shafter and Captain Plummer, who,
until General Shafter retired, was an' aid
upon his staff.
The First Infantry, K G. C, then
marched under command of Colonel
Thomas O'Neil and headed by its band.
It was followed by Major Bush's battalion
of foot artillery. Troop A of the Militia
Cavalry, the San Francisco Signal Corps
and General Warfield and his staff, who
rode in carriages.. With General Warfield
¦were also the Consuls of Chile, Peru,
.France, Honduras and Costa Rica.
Then came the Kaval Militia, with three
gruns. Mayor Phelan and the Supervisors
in carriages, the Independent Rifles, who
appeared to much better advantage than
most of the militia, a carriage with Henry
Koster. dressed to represent George Wash
ington, ami some colonial girls, and the
Cadet Corps of the Third Congregational
Church made up the rear guard-
Line of March Not CrowdecL
The parade started promptly from the
corner of Market and Battery streets. It
proceed^a Market to Montgomery^pd
then turned down to California. The
police had not stretched the parade ropes
along the sidewalk, and it showed fore
t-ight, for there was no necessity for them.
Th« crowds were not big crowds nor were
they enthusiastic. There was plenty of
room for every one on the curbstones, as
the procession moved past. It went rap
idly and steadily up. California to Kearny,
along .Kearny to Market again, out Mar
ket to Van Ness avenue, and within an
hour the head of the column was halted
at Geary and Van JCess, a block below
tho place for tie reviewing- stand,
General Young- and his aids sn<J Gen
eral Sha£ber then drove out from the coj
uma and went on ahea.<Wto take their
places in Post street, onlhe east side of
the avenue. There was no real stand, and
the carriages Just drove down Post stre«t
until the bind wheels were on a line with
the curb, and there they remained. Gen
eral Young on the right, General Shafter
in the middle and General Young's two
aids on the left. General Young rose as
the head of the column came up and -he
remained standing jn bis carriage while
the column marched by,
TJiere was some ffiisunderstafldiug on
the part of the commarnling officers as lo
the proper handling of their bands. That
from the Third Artillery and that leadtng
the column marched on after passing the
reviewing general. Colonel (yNeil turned
his out to play ae the regiment marched
past, Major Bush hustled his along and
then brought it back and the other bands
marched on without stepping;
Just beyond the reviewing stand the pa
rade broke up and the various organiza
tions marched their several ways to home.
CONCERTS FOR'
THE MULTITUDE
Public Parks,
Bands Piay Patriotic Musle During
the Afternoon in Three of the
The opea-air concerts in XJnioa Square,
Washington Square and Columbia Square
were features «f the day that ware ap
preciated almost beyond any other, for
the music reached the ears of thousands
of the city's people who strolled through
the paths or over the lawns of the parks
while the air hummed with patriotic mu
eic and the old familiar airs that have be
come national.
Union Square wa$ the center of attrac
tion tor %Xlb tide of people that made its
•jeay up and down Market street, for the
surging of the band drew the people o« to
The Fourth at Lick Home. ~
Friends to the number' of fifty of the
inmates of the Lick Old Ladies' ' Home
and of the new matron, Mrs, Dr. Sterrett,
had a most enjoyable; basket picnic at the
home, in -celebration of the glorious
Fourth;: It was late in the afternoon be
fore the: guests departed, •• r
have resulted in heavy loss but for the
rapid appearance of the firemen after the
alarms were sounded.
The - following- is the list of the fires
during the entire day: • "
Box 176, 10:28 a. m., grass flre, Post and Oc
tavla; damage nominal.
Box 276, 11:58 a. m.. grass fire, Church and
Twenty-fourth" streets; damage nominal.
Box 367. 12:22 p. m., rabbltry. 4 Merritt street.
J. -B. Fueres owner; damage $25. ./
. Box '53, 1:03 p. m., roof fire, 212 Townsend
street, Mrs.: B. Skinner owner; damage $25.
Box S68, 1:12 p. m., Market and Church
streets, awning lire; damage nominal.
Box 369. 1:20 p. m., Danvers and Eighteenth
streets, brush flre. . . .
Box 364, 1:29 p. m., Howard and Fourteenth
streets, frame dwelling, roof burned; damage
175.- ¦ .-. ¦¦¦¦¦- ..
Box 393, 2:22 p. m., Buena Vista and Central
avenues, brush flre. ¦ . ¦- . • -
Box 192, 2:27 p. m., Montgomery avenue and
Chestnut street, two-story frame dwelling, 804
Lombard street; nominal damage. ••:-'¦
Box 8?, 6:25 p. m., Laguna. and Hayes streets,
, burning porch; nominal damage. ' -,
Box '27a, 8:55 p. m., Mission and Nineteenth
Btreets. hay flre; nominal/ damage.
Box- 279, 9:28 p. m., Mlaslon and Nineteenth
streets, * hay flre; nominal damage. '• -• -
- Box 157,- 9:34 p. m., Folsom and Fourth
Btreets. burning roof at 250-252 Tehama street,
caused by sparks ; damage $200. Three-story
frame building, occupied as dwelling . by J.
Merkle, William Moore and Maria Craver, .
Box 121, 5 ll;07, p. m., • Vallejo and Jones
Btreets, burning porch; nominal damage.
Box 163,' 11:42 p. m., j Harrison and Seventh
streets, hay" flre; damage $25. 1^ '. ". > .*¦
At 12:20 this. morning flre waa discovered
In the restaurant =. of B. Blendon at 1055
Market street. The two-story frame build
ing' is owned by Claus Spreckels and j the
upper portion of the place was occupied
by Mrs. L. Dean as a lodging house. The
restaurant was severely damaged by flre
and water and the contents of 'the 'upper
story wer,e damaged by smoke. The dam
age to building and contents is estimated j
to be about $800, fully covered by insur- ;
ance. •';••"¦¦.;¦•¦•: '-". ¦¦..--
SOME FEATURES OF THE PA
, RADE AND THE PEOPLE IN
LINE.
"It Is true that our trade must be given
every encouragement, v The life of the na
tion depends upon .the activity <¦ of our
commerce." Commercialism ¦ is the <i con
comitant of patriotism, ¦_ There is no stim
ulus that will add to its capacity that we
can' afford T to withhold unless, inhibited
by law or morals.'- There are many; how
ever, who insist that this important fac-
Commerce and the Flag.
upon Independence Hall in Philadelphia,
the sanctum of that treasured relic of the
Revolution, Liberty Bell; let him view in
New York the humble tomb that stands
beneath the stately spires of Trinity
Church and holds the ashes of Captain
Lawrence, whose dying admonition.
'Don't give up the ship' has consoled
countless thousands who have expired as
bravely that the nation might maintain!
Let him visit Boston harbor, the Faneuil
Hall and the old State House near by,
its walls still spattei-ed with the blood of
the Boston massacre; let him move on
until his eye falls on the Old North
Church, where the signal lanterns of Paul
Revere hailed the sons of Lexington and
Concord of. the stealthy tramp and the
muffled oar of the hostile foe; let him
look aloft until his vision meets the gran
ite obelisk that crowns the summit of
Bunker Hill; anl let him go to the little
chapel in Richmond, Virginia, loaned by
Christian patriots for tt>.>' historic meet
ing when the eloquent voice of Patrick
Henry rang out In accents that roused
the colonies and startled the world 'Give
me liberty of give me death,' and the ray
less eye of him who perceives these me
morials will sparkle and hi3 heart will beat
high with the splendor of patriotism.
'But there Is no such apathy in our peo
ple that Justifies this stimulating influ
ence. "When dangers confront us, touch
but the signal and a nation responds.
"Was there ever a more wholesome exhi
bition of this national sentiment than
when our President visited Callf6rnia?
Wherever his kindly sympathetic face
! was seen ¦ an admiring constituency
thronged to do him honor, and those who
had opposed his candidacy but a few
months ago were as earnest in their hom
age as the mest zealous champions of his
policies. . To all he j was our President,
our guest, our .tenant) of the White House,
and to his credit be it said he acted well
the part. ¦ Our citizens may differ as to
what are termed political questions and,
range themselves, in the various parties
that represent divergent views, but •when
the voice of the people thunders its ver
dict through the medium of the ballot
box a united country accepts, and sin
cerely honors the choice of the sovereign
will. And this is so because the impell
ing thought of all partisan organization
}s -love of country. It Is confined to no
particular class; it Is limited to no spe
cialparty. The rank and file of .one po
litical faith is animated by the same hope
of national greatness as inspires another.
This Is true whether the party i is com
posed of a handful of brave and earnest
men who meet upon 1 the open • hustings
beneath the canopy of heaven oris swell
ed by" millions who assemble under 'the
lighted arches "of vaulted pavilions, v ..
''With this true ring ol Americanism —
the only true Americanism, by the way
permeating every fiber of. the body-pol
itic, it is, pertinent to ask in good faith
of those who think we have outlived the
constitution,, and that the moral philos
ophy of the Declaration has no applica
tion to this age, what substitute will you
offer,' I pause for a reply. They com
plain of the restrictions and allege de
fects In these instruments, but they offer
no remedy. The fabric of . distrust has
been weaved by these doubters since our
acquisition of colonies in the* far off Ori
ent, and 1t raises the question as to the
expediency - and the legality of this step.
If, is urged that the needs of " commerce
demand our island possessions, that trade
follows the flag, and that this market is
essential to the maintenance of the rare
prosperity that is enjoyed in our c.ommer
clal centers.* ¦:¦•:.. • ¦' ¦ ¦¦¦¦•¦.•¦..•- .. ...
Chief. Sullivan of . the . Fire I>epartment
and hia force ; of . 430 men. were on con
stant duty and , the* reserve apparatus of
four.-; steam engines' and two chemicals
were added to the' regular fire-fighting
machinery, Captain Comstock of the Un
derwriters' Fire Patrol, also had his men
on constant watch, and like . the , men of
the Fire Department, : none were allowed
to leave the engine houses for meals. One
hundred extra men were- on duty with the
forces of Chief Sullivan, ' ¦¦<" .v •
I The prompt . manner in" which the Fire
Department and the Fire Patrol respond
ed to the alarms prevented any I serious
damage, the majority of ¦ the calls being
for small fires, which might, however,
In the twenty-four- hears of yesterday,'
ending at midnight, there were only sev
enteen alarms of flre in the entire city,
the cause in each 'case being duo to
sparks from fireworks, _. . ., • ,• :
in During tho Past Twenty
\ Four Hours.
Only $e ven teen. Alarms Ar« Turned
More than 15.000. people crowded the
baseball grounds a t Sixteenth and Folsom
streets last night and enjoyed the free ex
hibition of fireworks furnished by the
Fourth of July committee. Every seat in
the big Inclosure was occupied and stand
ing room was hard to find. This crowd
was a vastly different crowd j than the
one that watched the. boxing contests in
the afternoon. Parents and children, eat
in the darkness and watched the touching
off of set pieces and skyrockets. : .
¦ The ¦ firework* were equal to- those : of r
former years, and as each piece was
thrown out in bold relief by myriad lights
the cheering was intense. ' Among the
pictures that aroused the greatest enthu
siasm were the likenesses of "Washington
and McKinley and the picture of the bat
tleship Oregon. There were humorous
pieces that were hugely appreciated by
the children. Probably the handsomest
sight was "the waterfall," which* was -a
true representation of water rushing over
a precipice, . .
Not an accident marred the evening's
entertainment. • Lieutenant Anderson and
a large squad of police kept perfect order.
There was no crowding ana no incidents
that would create trouble or annoyance to
those who attended the exhibition.
TI19 display given In "Washington square
was greatly appreciated by the residents
of that vicinity, '
SPARKS CAUSE
BUT FEW FIRES
and Folsom Street Ball
Grounds.
An Immense Throng Pills Sixteenth
Edward Garrity, 815 Folsom street, from
Echuetzen Park. ' gunshot wound in palm of
hand. .
Charles ¦ Bernls, - Dupont and Sacramento
streets, wound of left foot. . •
Frank Hanelater. 1904 Powell street, gunshot
wound, index finger.
CROWDS ENJOY
FIREWORKS
explosion of a can of powder which he
was watching: too x closely.
At the Central Emergency Hospital the
following cases were treated last night:
L.' Spring, a boy living at 518 Jones, gunshot
wound of left Index finger. . • .
Charles Diederingr, 122 Ninth, gunshot wound
of little finger.
. Officer C. F. Cassidy, Tehama and Third,
abrasion following gunshot wound.
Rudy Kirsh, 1762 Harrison, powder burns.
Frank Smith, bay, Ellis and Fillmore
streets, gunshot wound Index finger. "
A. St. Leger, 407 Buchanan street, powder
burns of face.
Mrs. T. C. Masteller then sang and Billy
Hynes cracked a few Joke*?, new ones
and. sang a few songs, ard then the
Knickerbocker Quartet sang "My Old
Kentucky Home."
"America" was announced and every
one arose and joined in the chorus, those
who could sing as well as those who could
not, and finally to the inspiring chords of
the "Star Spangled Banner' „ the audlenc*
left the hall,
•".-.¦¦•¦¦¦ : ¦
: My country, 'tis of thee I ring.
"To-night as the sun was sinking to Its
rest and ere its crimson light had faded
from the hills that crown the Golden Gate
the last lone regiment of volunteers as
sembled within the portals of the Preai
diOi where tbe serried hosts of a nation's
defenders had lingered- by their camp
fires, and there heard the martial music
play the last farewells that will send them
on the morrow to. their- dista.nt homes &s
men of peace, the closing, scene in tha
drama of war." ¦ • r -
pf the Samaritan who bound the wound of.
a certain man who went down from Je
rusalem to Jericho.' We must fulfill this
mission, and I believe we will. Should we
swerve from this purpose it would be for
only an instant, : for a Chatham or a
Burke would rise In every crossroads and
cry for justice. With the memory of the
t ! lat , Bavo bIl ? h to UiIs republic,
with, the Inspiration of the principles that
have guided it through the adversities and
the fortunes of one hundred and twenty
flve years, we cannot fail in the admin
istration of our wards across :he sea. We
shall accomplish success where other*
have met with failure,- remembering that
justice and equality are. as essential to lib
erty in the Philippines as in our own be
loved country. '„-•..
"In-this davrnln? hour of another cen
tury we are environed with the brightest
auguries of the future.*. The white-hulled
transports that ride the tranquil waters
of our harbor have dropped" their last
cargo of soldiers, the prelude to freight
ing the ocean, with these argosies of our
domestic wealth. The gaping, wounds of
conflict are nearly healed, and what a
chasm the war itself has bridged! The
veterans of civil strife who left their
homes to don the blue and those who wore
the gray, were rivals once a?:ain in eager
zeal to lift the sword and fight beneath
a common flag. The resilient force of the
strife of '61 had, -brought them together
and the breezes that kis3 the northern
pine now mingle with the zephyrs of the
routhern air, each bearing the sweet re
frain;- . .¦ : -..
"We must govern in sight of the mis
governed victims of the ..past,".. we .must
rule in the I face | of the , gre wsome exam
ples of oppression. Our mission is like thai
Bright Auguries of Future.
tor In our affairs will In the future con
tinue to germinate without colonies as it
has developed without them in the past,
and I will repeat to you what has been
said on a former occasion In this con
nection: What -flag has our- commerce
had to follow In its marvelous growth.
You know its importance: you have scan
ned the statistics and through them you
have seen It swell. "We know that it has
swept" aside every barrier that our rivals
have raised to bar its progress: we know
it has penetrated the capitals of our keen
est competitors; we, know it has invaded
the realms • over which they have cast
their sovereignty; we know that as others
have expanded in empire its resistless in
fluence has broadened with the tide; we
knew it- has outstepped them all in the
contest for commercial supremacy with
out a flag to follow and hardly a ship to
call Its own. Trade does not follow the
flag; it follows a superior article; It fol
lows honest dealing; it follows low prices;
it follows inventive genius; it follows
American enterprise; it follows supply
and demand. '
"But this is a mere theory, and what
ever the correct solution may be it can
have little influence on the question, as
we have taken possession of the new
territory and 'our Supreme Court has set
tled the legality of the enterprise by de
claring it to be constitutional. ¦
"This means that our standard will float
in Oriental citadels and that the atmo
sphere of American liberty will j implant
the ideals that we cherish upon the soil
that rejected, the flat of Spanish tyranny.
It behooves us in framing the Govern
ment which must be observed in this dis
tant'but no longer foreign clime, to have
ax;are lest the errors that have beset eth
ers creep into our dominancy. We must
remember that the truths 'all men are
created equal' and 'governments derive
their power; from the consent of the gov
erned' are vibrating around the hearth
stones of the Filipino with the same en
ergy that they animated the men of '76.
The lessons of misrule that have been
taught by governmental masters litter the
pages of history. The Persian monarch
and the Roman conqueror have attracted
the emulation of modern rulers when their
awful tyranny should have served as a
dread warning of the implacable intoxica
tion of unbridled power.
SOLDIERS TRAMP THE STREETS IN GAY PARADE
¦ ¦ ...... .... ._.,. . . . . . ,.,.. ... . . ....... ,..,.. .,..,..._,,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; JUI/Y 5, 1901.
From Sixteenth and Folsom- Streets and From Washington Square
Fireworks Dispel the Darkness and Turn Night Into Day for
the Edification of Many Thousands of Enthusiastic People
Continued from Page One.
OUT of the dimness of ages the shades of the fathers appear; .-'
Out of the past and its silence, their voices to-day ring clear.
Crowning all human achievement, they builded a fabric sublime,
Greater than Rome in her glory, the wonder of kings and of time.
Foes that assailed us are vanquished.- Columbia, goddess, to thee
Triton is yielding his homage, for Mistress thou art of the Sea!
Rich, and profuse in her bounty, is Liberty's beautiful land. .
Praise to Jehovah who prospered the Nation bur forefathers planned!
Hail, our victorious legions from isles of the Orient seas
Never were cohorts of Caesar so grand or so mighty as these! ' .
Kings stood amazed at your prowess; nations were awed at your deeds;
Taught ye the strength and the valor of the giants Columbia breeds.
Taught ye the force of the legend: "Wherever our flag is unfurled.
There shall the trumpet of Freedom proclaim her advance to the world!"
Hail to the sovereign people, and hail to the spirit of old,
Flashing to flame at the' semblance of tyranny here in the fold.
Lo, they have gathered an army with never a sword or a gun;
Hark, it is Labor proclaimeth: "E'en so would the fathers have clone;
Labor, that builded your ramparts and wrought for Columbia's weal:
Labor, that launched from its workshop the thunder-charged casitles of
steel; . ' ' ,.
Labor, that sped to the battle at the roll of the mustering drum;-: ; . ..-
Labor, the Nation's dependence in the hour when the foemen shall come;
Labor may share in the perils, the brunt of the battle may bear;
Answer demand we: "Shall Labor the fruits of its victories share?"
Fear we no foe armed for battle — but the fever, the madness for f*ain— .[
Conscienceless greed that is coining men's blood into gold is the bane.
Out of the dimness of ages the shades of the fathers appear;
Out of the past and its silence, their voices to-day ring clear:
"Gird ye with wisdom and virtue; arm ye with justice and right: \
Strong be the Union, forever the World's. hope and Liberty's light!":
Ours be the faith of the fathers; ours be the pathway they trod; ,
God be our .rock and our tower; the Nation the glory of God I; '
2CONSTANTINOPLE,, July. 4.— The third
wife of the Sultan died to-day after three
years' . Illness. The ' Sultan Is much . af
.ftctea,, . ; ¦ :.
Third Wife of Sultan Dies.
LONDON. July, 5.— "When receiving a
farewell visit from Cardinal Gibbons,",
says the Home correspondent of the Dally
Mall, "the Pope expressed himself \ in
gTatef ul recognition of ¦ th» ' fairness ¦ of
King Edward in changing the- formula of
the accession oath." - ,
Pope Jjeo Feels Grateful.
SAN RAFAEL, July 4.— The Fourth was
celebrated . . here with | a parade I In the
morning, a dance at San Rafael Park in
the afternoon and fireworks and music on
the Courthouse square in the evening. The
Fire Department;" Company D, N. G. C,
under Captain Cheda; Tamalpais. Parlor,
N. S. G..-W., and many mounted visitors
and decorated vehicles formed the parade.
Peter Crane was marshal, Miss Martha
Hlnes was Goddess of Liberty and Miss
Edna Almy was fire queen. . •' .
Gorgeous Parade in Marin.
SANTA PAULA. July 4— Ventura
County celebrated Independence day In
this city ln-a brilliant manner. There was
a parade led by^he Ventura City 1 Band,
which was followed by numerous floats
and the Oxnard Band.. Nathan W.
Blanchard was grand marshal. Thomaa
O. Toland, member of the State Board of
Equalization, was the orator. R. B. Hay
dock read the I>eclaration of Independ
ence. ¦ F. E. . Davis was the president of
the day. In the afternoon there were
athletic sports. The Los Angeles base
ball team defeated Ventura by a score of
10 to 4. v- :. - , ¦¦ . •¦•
The Day at Santa Paula.
GATHERING OF THE CLANS.
Shell Hound.
Games of Scottish Thistle Club at
The nineteenth annual gathering and
rames of the Scottish Thistle Club, held
fit Shell Mound Park yesterday, . were- a
ruccesa la every respect. Th© weather
wta yropltioi!s 1 the events -were weli.coa..
First— Tallant 6, Donohue 4, Lent 6. Second—
Tallant 6, Tubbs 6, Lent 6. Third— Lent 4,
Tubbs 5. • ¦ .
Following the main event three six-bird
matches were shot- off with the following
scores:, •. - . 4: .¦ • ¦ .'
W. H. Tubbs carried off the F. J. Caro
lan cup and the pigeon shoot at the Bur
lii:game Club grounds yesterday morning.
Ed. Donohue, who was*" the guest of the
occasion, tied Mr. Tubbs; killing 20 birds
straight, but not being a member of the
club was disqualified as a competitor for
the cup. Following is the score: . .
G. H. Lent ...30 yards— 220221122202212202*.
W. H. Howard... 30 yards— 2121200100*
F. W. Tallant...3O yards— 2111202011110*
W. B. Tubbs 30 yards— 22121111211211222113— 20
T. B. Driscoll 27 yards— 00200102112202220t*
J. O. Tobtn 26 yards— ©120021010*'
Ed Donohue 30 yards— 22222212211121122221— 20
TV. B. Bourne 26 yards— 00000* >•
: "Withdrew. fDe&d out of bounds.
Burling-ame Pigeoif Shoot.
THE eloop Alert won the annual
race of the California Tacht Club
yesterday' for the Wallace trophy,
beating the holder, E. F. Sagar's
sloop Edna, by the narrow mar
gin of 1 minute 34 Seconds, cor*
rected time. The only other com
petitor was John T. Carrier's sloop Jessie
E, Commodore S.^ S. Marshall's sloop
Thelma being at present on a cruise to
Napa City and the sloop Pactolus hav
ing returned from an up-river cruise only
last Sunday. One o'clock in the after T
noon was the , time appointed for the
start, but the sloop Alert not being able
to get to the narrow gauge mole at that
time, it was decided to postpone the start
for half an hour. The course was out to
Presidio Shoal buoy, rounding It on the
port hand, and back to the southerly pier
head of the narrow gauge mole.
The wind was light at starting 1 , but
freshened in the channel, though at no
time ' was it a stiff breeze. The three
! boats made a pretty start, crossing the
'line within twenty seconds. The winner
made the quickest time over the course,
but, having to give an allowance to each
of the other two boats, won by only a
narrow margin. Yesterday's race is the'
only race for the Wallace trophy that the
sloop Edna has failed to win since -the
institution of the annual contest for that
cup, except one, when she was beaten by
the late A. E. von Schmidt's cutter Whirl
wind.
SAN FRANCISCO'S first open-air
fights, held yesterday at the
Sixteenth and Folsom streets
grounds, drew a big 1 attendance,
the greater part of which was
perched in the bleacher section.
And the crowd, as big as it was,
¦went from the grounds ¦with disappoint
ment, big and sure, as its pugilistic holi
day portion. The fight that was of popu
lar interest and that was counted on by
iho management to make the money did
:iot last three rounds. Again Jack Mof
fatt threw his arm out, and by so doing
lost his fisht.
The Moffatt-Gardner fight dp to the
time of the accident which ended it was
a very pretty listic performance, and gave
promise of producing: enough thrills and
palpitations to satisfy the fight-thirsty
crowd. Both men tackled their worjt
eagerly and earnestly. Smooth sailing
¦was the order of the day, when suddenly,
after a clinch. Moffatt dropped on his
knees, clutched his left arm, and, as he
•winced with palrt, beckoned to the referee
to cesie to his assistance. Welch tried to
force the arm back into place, but with
out Fuccess. Moffatt was taken out of
The ring, and CJardner was declared the
ivinr.er.
Moffatt has been a singularly unlucky
fighter. Back in New York, when he
fought Gardner the first lime, the battle
vras eoing his way when, by the mis
chance of war, he broke his arm. Last
September in this city he dislocated his
arm, and Al Neill came to a decision on
ihat account that never would have been
his. This last accident will probably end
iloffatt's ring life.
What there was of the fight was good,
end gave signs of the ultimate color of
Gardner in the foreground. Gardner is
a tall, sinewy, rangy fighter, with a good
punch. In the first rcund he floored Mof
latt with a fast right on the head, and
Moffatt, although not in any way uncon
scious of the situation, took the full count
hefor.j returning to the fray. Both men
mixed things, courting rather than avoid
ing hearty, earnest work. But Gardner
landed oftener. and seemingly without
great trouble. Before the mishap occur
red neither fighter was in any way the
worse for wear.
The Sixteenth and Folsom streets
grounds, the scene of many a football
game and its concomitant and color-mad
excitement, looked a bit strange and un
usual yesterday. The ring In the center
and the boxes around it, then a waste of
sand, and farther back the bleachers with
a thickly packed crowd, made a novel
prize-fight gathering for this city. To
many it brought up recollections of the
Carson fight between " Fitzsimmons and
Corbett. Fighters In the glare of the
sunlight, men wiping from their heads
perspiration produced by the heat of the
Kun, are novelties at local prize fights.
Day fights will not be so unusual In the
future. The success of this first venture
almost assures another and a bigger one
for September 9.
Promptly upon the hour— 2 o'clock — the
first preliminary was put upon the board.
It did not last long— two rounds and a
fraction— when Jack Welch told Willie
Snallham to go to his corner and beck
oned for the seconds of Willie Scholieln
to take their man out of the ring. Scho
beln was all .but out several times during
the second round, and was on his way
to temporary unconsciousness when
Welch proclaimed Snallham the winner.
The Thurston-Nelll fight, which Jack
Welch called a draw, showed Thurston In
very poor fighting form and Xeill without
strength. Nelll hit Thurston almost at
¦will during the last half of the fight. In
fact Thurston, without boxing rhyme or
reason, ran Into everything. Instead of
showing improvement, he displayed the
reverse. For a time In the early rounds
after the fight had got under way Thurs
ton, by vigorous and equally awkward
work, landed successfully and continu
ously on Nelll's body. But this stopped,
and then Nelll punched and punched and
punched away at Thurston. who was in a
nea of fighting ignorance all the time. He
would throw out his arm and occasionally
land, but his blows were of the spread
eagle sort, without any seeming force or
power. Nelll had the best of the fight
clearly. Thurston showing signs of weak
ness in many Instances. For the matter
cf that Nelll himself was physically used
up. although he kept on fighting under
the semblance of strength. The decision
•was not well received.
1 After the fights AI Smith representing
Root and Alex Greggains representing
Gardner discussed a match between these
two men. There Is every likelihood that
It ¦will' be arranged: also another match
between Nelll and Thurston. -
Running hish leap-Arthur St. Clair, 5 feet
£ *?'• J v A v. C , ameron and D - R - Campbell.
Standing high leap-Arthur St. Clair. 4 feet
S Inches; F. Foster and J. A. Cameron.
Putting heavy stone— D. R. Campbell, 33 feet;
J. J. Cameron and A. St. Clair •
Putting light stone— D. R. Campbell, « feet;
J. A. Cameron and D. McLeod
Throwing heavy hammer-D. R. Campbell.
107 feet 1 Inch; A. St. Clair and J. J Cam
eron.
Throwing: light hammer— D. R. Campbell J.
A. Cameron and Donald McLeod.
Hop, step and Jump— A. St. Clair, 38 feet 7
Inches; J. A. Graham and D. T. McCarthy
Tossing: the caber-D. R. Campbell, 37 feet
S'.4 Inches; J. J. Cameron and J. A. Cameron.
Vaulting with pole, for amateurs— H. Irwin,
10 feet 7 inches; Charles llonson and Joe Col
lins.
Football dribbling race-J. Williamson, J.
Smith and. J. S. Orchison.
Half-mile race, for amateurs— TV. R. Garcia,
H. Templeman and C. F. Leuterdt
Boys' race— W. Meader. Joseph Murphy and
R. McDonough.
Girls' race— Hazel Hawes, Alma Bowen and
Ovlta Ltathe.
Best dressed boy In Highland costume— Leo
Shepherd and Huntley Cameron
Best dressed man In full Highland costume-
Hugh Fraser. D. McRae and G. Tivendale.
Best dressed man in plain Highland costume—
J. McDonald. J. Baxter and G Brown
350 yard dash, for amateurs— F. Burgess.
Olympic Club. 43 2-5 seconds; W. Garcia and
H. Templeman. #
Highland fling for men in costume— J. Baxter
G. TV. Paterson and D. McRae.
Grand Highland reel, men In costume— J.
Baxter. G. W. Paterson and D ' McRae
Highland fling, for children— Gertie Guthrie.
Meda Thornton. Mary Leddy, A. Guthrie K
McNeill. R. Leddy, G. Bateman. Alma Bowen,
M. Murphy. J. Dougherty. L. McDonald Mar
guerite Cronin. S. McCall. Rose McDonald Vio
let McDonald and K. Callaghan
Old men's race— Angus Brodie. L. Douglas
and Charles Brown. . ¦ , v
Sword dance for men — J. Baxter, G ' W
Paterson and D. McRae.
Reel o' Tulloch, men— J. Baxter,- G. W. Pater
son and D. 'McRae.
Reel o* Tulloch, for lads and lassies— A
Bowen. R. McDonald, V. McDonald, F. Mc-
Donald. S. McCall, G. Bacon. J. Dougherty, K
McXeill. M. Leddy. R. Leddy, M. Cronin and
H. Callaghan.
Toung ladles' ' race — Kate McMahon, K.
Tracy and Nelll«» McMahon. -
Married ladles' race — Mrs. D. Cronin, Mrs.
N. Byrne and Mrs. JfFogarty.
Bicycle race, two miles— F. Wulzen, F. Car
roll and E. Leland.
Sailors' hornpipe— P. D. Flndlay, R. Rlntoul
and J. Baxter.'
Barrel race— TV. Shepherd. Dr. W. A. Han
sen and TV. Murray.
Irish Jig and reel contest, for Irish only-
May Smith and Ruth Randolph; A. Bowen and
Jensie Brown ; M. Reddy and T. Reddy.
Clown race, in costume— J. Kelly, Thomas
McKay and J. Murphy. • ...
Cakewalk contest-John and " Martha Stew
art: Jessie Brown .and T. Be&ttle; Marguerite
Cronin and M. Allar. • •
Buck and wing dancing contest— F. Buttner.
H. Mendora and D. Belle Cornell.
Race for active members only— D. R. Camp
bell. J. A. Cameron and W. Shepherd.
Three-legged race— jr. Kelly . and TV. Kelly:
R. H. Murray and F. Wilson; D. T. McCarthy
and J. Warner. . ., • .
Sack race— Hall McAllister, J. Warner and
M. McDonourh.
Race for ship's apprentices— Dji T. McCarthy,
Jl. Brown and M. Mr.Donough. ' »
Obstruction race— F. -Wilson, H. . McAllister
and D. T. McCarthy.
Games committee race— R. H. Hurray, A.
Strang and G. W. Paterson. ¦ J-
The games commenced at 10 o'clock in
the mornine and were not concludud till
ehortly before 8 p.m. All the events were
keenly contested, and In the 350-yard dash
for amateurs the coaet record of 45 sec
onds, held by Bert Coffin, was broken by
F. Burgess of the Olympla Club, in 43 2-5
seconds. The bicycle race of two miles
and "the half mile race were also keenly
contested. D. R. Campbell, the big
policeman, took the first prizes in the
heavy events. . •
1^ greatest interest was manifested in
t", e dancing competitions. There was
Highland dancing by men, boys and girls;
Irisn jig and reel contests; buck and wing
dancing and the sailors' hornpipe. The
cakewalk contest was also a feature of
the games, there being a large number of
competing couples elegantly dressed,
among mem several tots of both sexes,
who^ vvalked with grace and confidence.
The Stewarts, brother and sister, the onlv
colored couple, carried off the first prize.
After the close of the games there was
a^f/if nd Pyrotechnical display In the am
phitheater, which included several patri
otic pieces.
Following are the results of the games,
the prize winners being in the order
named: ¦
man 0 " 3 """*" 1 " Sharp - R - Jar <31ne and J. To-
tested, and the attendance pleased the
officers. Everything went off without a
hitch, owing to the energy displayed by
the Royal Chief George Miller, Recorder
George W. Paterson. John Donaldson,
the official starter, and the games com
mittee.
Revised. Time in Automobile Race
• BERLIN, July 4.— On ¦ the revised lists
of : the . time of competitors in " the recent
automobile road race from Paris to Ber
lin' the .-prize f committee -:. here " announce
that the - winner.'. M.' •'¦ Fournier, ¦ made | the
trip in V hours 3 minutes. and 43 seconds,;.
LONDON, July 4.— The Earl of Rose
bery*s "Epsom Lad won the Princes* of •?
Wales stake, 10,000 sovereigns, lit New
market to-day. * King Edward's Diamond
Jubilee was • second, and Earl Cadigan's ¦
Sious (Mah.er> was.tWrd. Twelve Worses
Epsom Lad Wins Rich. Stake.
TfyQ day*3 " results made fhe. f avotftfi-
anchor ilands opening
btattr' at, union pajrk
P. ; M. Curtis' Fast Hound Wins the
First Coursing Event of the
Season.
P. M.' Curtis' grayhound Anchor .won
first prize in the special holiday stake yes
terday '¦ at Union Park by beating F. A.
McComb's , Little Sister in the deciding
course. - - ~ ¦¦»¦¦ . . •
Results at Buffalo.
BUFFALO, July 4.— Fort Erie summary- ¦
First race, six furlongs— Isla won, * Petra II
second, Foneda third. Time, l:13'i.
Second race, half a mile— Henry ifettt won.
Dixie Queen second, Llndea Tree third. Time.
:i$%. ¦ ~
Third race, one mile— Orontas won. J. H.
Sloan second. Edith Q third. Time, 1:41%.
Fourth race, Canadian Derby, mile and a
quarter— Ben Mac Dhut won. Khaki second.
Sadie S third. Time. 3:08%.
Fifth race," five furlongs, selling— The Referee
won, .Oclawaha second, Paul Creyton third.
Time. 1:03.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Dr.- Riddle won.
EdlnsbcTOUgh second. - Lizzie A third. Time.
1:13%. " y . ¦
Seventh race, steeplechase, short course —
Terry Ranger won, Angus second, Fllleld third.
Time. 4:47. - \\
NEVER in the history of SchueJA
zen Park has a more patriotic
crowd filled its confines than
that which made merry under
the trees yesterday. It was the
occasion of a reunlor-, excursion
and picnic of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians and fully 10,000
members and friends of the organiza
tion were present. The day was ideal for
the outing and the arrangements so_com
plete that nothing occurred to mar the
'pleasure of the picnickers.
The railroad company was placed in a
quandary as to how to handle the vast
crowd. ..More than sixty cars were prey
ed into service and still more were need
ed., Every train brought hundreds, and
early in the afternoon the grounds were
crowded with merrymakers. The pavilion
was constantly filled with dancers. An ex
cellent band discoursed popular music
throughout the day and hundreds tripped
the light fantastic to its pleasing strains. '
At 1 o'clock a patriotic programme was
presented In the open air. The orchestra
played an overture appropriate to the oc
casion and at the conclusion of the selec
tion J. J. Donohue, county president of the
order, delivered an introductory address.
The Declaration of Independence was read
and aroused great enthusiasm. J; M. Mil
ler read an original poem that sparkled
with Irish gems and breathed the fire of
patriotism. Then followed an oration by
Stephen V. Costello. Ihe speaker was in
good voice and his remarks aroused great
applause. ¦ He j>aid a high tribute to the
Irish heroes and martyrs and aa he men
tioned the names of Parnell, • Grattan,
Wolfe Tone, O'Conr.ell and others the-en
thusiasm was Intense. He dwelt at length
on the part Irishmen took in framing the
laws of the country; how they fought for
America's independence and how they bled
on many fields of battle that this country
might live. - The j orator was interrupted
timeand again by applause. .The. singing,
of the national anthem by. the vast crowd
concluded the exercises. V .., . .
The games on_the tfack were a great
feature of the' day. The committee,
consisting of T. P. O'Dowd, chair
man; P. Lynch, Judge; M. Lennord, M.
H. .McCafferty, Ed Nunan, T. L. Clancy,
James Smith, Patrick Planigan, J. J.- Mo
ran, Edward Hogan, Daniel Sheeran &nd
.Edward Heany, who conducted the games
as they had never been conducted before
and won great praise for its efficient and
satisfactory work. The , contestants had
plenty of room In which to compete and
the ' events were pulled off quickly and
without a hitch, showing perfect arrange
ments. There was a great deaKof cheer
ing for the contestants and' words of com
mendation ' for the committee, - which • cer
tainly was deserving of, them. Following
Is the result of the games: .' 7>
Race" for boys under lJ-^-M, R. Richardson
first. W. Greely second and J, W, Smith
third. •**-...
> Race for girls under 12— Helen Gallagher first,
Elsie Schou \ second and Lizzie Nabals third I
¦ Race for boys under 11— Robert English first,
Patrick Cornyn second and Jeremiah Loner
gan third. ; • '" • ¦ . ., . . ¦ - , , .
Race for girls 13 . to lS-^-Belle Smith first,
Gertrude Walters : second ' and Sarah Macken
zie third. ¦• ¦:. ¦ ¦' ¦
Young . men b race— C, Grant first, F, Smith
second , and J, Farrell thirds ' ,. ;
Toung ladles'' race— Annie McDonough first,'
Margaret Horan second and Gertrude , Honey
man third;-'; - >•.--¦;-¦-;.• • •• - . ,, „ -
¦i Married men's race— Joe : McCann first, J,
Baynca second ap4 H,' Benson, third, .;;
•:• Following 1 are the officers of the society:
State chaplain,' Rev. D. O. Crowley; State
ptesident, Frank Conklin; State secretary,
fc. I.»8heehanj State treasurer, J. P. Hen
ry! county president, J.J> Donohue;
county, vice president, M. J. Wren; coun
ty secretary, P,*J.' Kelleher. .
Married ladies race— Mrs. Mary Worrell first.
Mrs. Campbell second and Mrs. Shad third;
, Fat' men's race — P. Lynch first. E. Nunan
second and M. Cavanagh third.
. Fat ladies' race— Mrs. P. Thebeaud first, Mrs.
Magulre second and 'Mrs. Darrash third.
, Members' raoa— M. . Botkin first, "• G,' Nunan
second and .T. A. Feeney third.
100 yard dash— J. McCann first, J. Sullivan
seoond and'F. Smith third..
Twice around race— M. Grant first, AI Jellln-
Bky second and. F," Wilson third. f '
Four times around the track— F/ Wilson first,
A.- Jelllnsky second and H. Webster third.
Putting 16-pound ' shot— M. McMann first, J.
Callaghan second and J. O'Dowd Jr. third.
'-¦" Putting 43-pound shot— Ed Nunan , first, J.
O'Dowd second. .- ..• • •¦. :•
Throwing 16-pound hammer— M. McMann first,
J. O'Dowd second and J. O'Dowd Jr. third.
¦•Throwing 58-ponnd shot— F. Barry first, P.
Lynch second'- and M. Callaghan third.
High Jump— C. Grant first, J. McCann second
and C, C. O'Mally third. : • ;
Long jump— S. Sullivan first. ¦ J. McCann sec
ond and P. Lynch third. -•¦• _ _ ' -
- Hop. step- and Jump— D. McCarthy I first. F.
O" Sullivan second and' Mr O'Dowd third. ¦ -
The fifth race was a match between L.
Richardson's Edna R and H. H. Dunlap's
King Cadenza, the former winning the
first two heats In 2:16% and 2:16%. Bet
ting, Edna R 1 to 2. Cadenza even.
¦ James. O'Kane's Sandow won the first
heat of the sixth race. "2:20 class, purse
$150. in. 2:20%; A. Jacob's Eden Vale sec
ond. J.' Cuicello's Porto Rico third. Eden
Vale won the second heat In an exciting
finish in 2:18%: Sandow second, -Porto
RkKPtbird. The third and final heat was
won by Sandow in 2:20^; Eden Vale sec
ond, Porto Rico third. -
The first-heat of the fourth race", 2:40
class, purse $150, was won by F. Gammet's
Lafayette in 2:24%; D. R. Mizner's Lady
Rowena second, Dr. McLaughlln's A B P
third, ,B. Croner's Bondy C fourth. Sec
ond heat, Lafayette first. Lady Rowena
second, A B P third. Time, 2:26%. Bet
ting, Lafayette opened 3 to 1, closed 4 to 1.
The second race, 2:30 class, was won by
J. Doran's Tlrado, who captured the first
and second heats in 2:25}i and 2:25; G.L.
Sv. eet's Steve . S second. Dr. Dalzlel'a
Menlo B was third In the first heat and
J. M. Eva's Ethel third in the second"
heat. Betting, Tirado 4 to 1 and 1 to 1,
Sable Lie Grande won. the first heat of
the third race, free for all, purse 5150, in
2:21 J /4, with D. Roberts' Al Gregor second
and William Van Keruen's Mattle B
third. Le Grande also won the second
heat in 2:24: Gregor second. Mattie B
third. The Judges- declared the seconi
heat off. as they were dissatisfied with
the showing made. "Jim" Chesley was
substituted for "Shorty" Roberts on- Al
Gregor. Le Grande won again in 2:23;
Grcgor second, Mattle B third.
The first race <green. class) was won by
H. B. Slocum's Tempest, who trotted the
third and fourth heats in 2:28*4 and 2:20.
M. M. Donnelly's Pious won the second
heat in 2:30*4 and J. W. Bonney's Joe Bon
ney the first In 2:32?£. Betting on Tem
pest even,-2 to 1 and 3 to 5.
gregating $1000, the winners be
ing Tempest, Tiradd, Sable Le Grande,
Lafayette, Edna R and Sandow.
OVER. 6000 people witnessed the
annual race meeting of the
Golden Gate Park Driving As
sociation at Oakland racetrack
yesterday afternoon. There
were six events for nurses ag-
The short ends were:
Copper King beat Betty© Martin: Lord
Beaconsfleld beat Motto at 2 to 1; F*n Klrby
£? at i 7^ 1 ™? 1 Far Awa y beat Tommy Rex:
Royal Flush beat Greenhall at 5 to 3, and
Shadow beat Sir Pasha at 5 to 2.
The stake opened the coursing season
and attracted a large crowd.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official score*;
Pasha Kennels' Real Article beat J. Hurley's
Gramercy 5-0; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete
£?*£. P ; Curtis ' Warpath. 5-0: P. U. Curtis-
McKlnley beat A. R, Curtis* Pilot, 7-0; P M
Curtis' Shadow beat P., Jackson's Goi.den Rus
eet, 3-2: P. T,I. Curtis' Anchor beat V. Schou,'»
Lady Glenkirk, 5-0; F. A. McComb'a Bona Fids
beat F. Schou'a King's Borderer, 3-0" P
Doyle's Thelma beat Pasha Kennels' Ben Klr
b: C'.. fr V 4: «| 1 - M - Cj 11 * 15 ' Cash a byes A. Vander
whlte's Copper King: beat P. M. Curtis* Betty*
Martin. 6-0: P. Relay's Cascade a byn; Russell
& Allen's Scotland Yet beat P. M. Curtis' MIm
Pye. 7-1; Russell & Allen's Rosle Clair beat
F. Schpu's Uora Lawrence. 4-5; J. IL McCar
thy's John Doe beat P. Doyle's Liberator. 3-1-
D. Toland's Pleasant Girl beat F. Schou'a
Smuggler, ,5-4; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud
beat Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airsi. 4-3; F
A. McComb's Hot Ha«t» beat P. Jackson's
Honor Bright, 10-2; P. M, Curtis' Narcissus
beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne. 8-4 j J. Peri
go's Far Away beat T, J, Mclnerneys Tommv
Rex. 5-4; T. J. Mclnerney's Johnnli R beat
T, Tierney's Tea Rose. 7-3; F, A. iVIcComb's
Little Sister beat Russell & Allen's DjJsy Clair
5-X; A. R.- Curtis* Lord Beaconsfleld a bye: f!
A. MoComb's Motto beat L. F, Barters Best
Bargain 4-1: F. A, McComb'a feir Pasha beat
H. Lynch's Lilac. 5-0; Pasha Kennels' Master
Rocket beat O, O. Peterson's Haphazard, 3-0;
F, A. McComb'fl Warship beat F, B Gerber's
Rlenzi, 4-3; F. A. MoComb's Royal Mush beat
J. Cane's CJreenhall, 4-tj P. M. Curtis' Va
grant bea* B. Matter's Ersma M, 4-3; J. Demp
sey'B Jingle Bells beat P, Rellly's Lady
Granard, 6-4.
Second round— Real Article beat ISIcKlnley,
3-2; Shadow beat Roman Athlete. 5-.J: Anchor
beat Bona Fide. 4-0s Cash beat B«n IClrby, 5-0:
Copper King beat Cascade, J-2: John Doe beat
Scotland Yet, «-4; Pleasant Girl txat .Eosifl
Clair 3-2 { -Silver Cloud beat Hot Haata. 3-2:
Narcissus beat Far Away, 8-1; Little Sister
beat Johnnie R, 8-6j Lord Beaconsfleld beat
Motto. 4-3; Sir Pasha beat Master R.xrteet, 8-1:
Warship beat Vagrant, 6-0} Royal Slush beat
Jingle Bells, 1-4.
Third round— Shadow beat Real Article, 8-3:
Anchor beat Copper Ktntr. 5-S: John Do« b»at
Cash. 3-0; "Warship beat Pleasant Girl.. 5-0: Sil
ver Cloud beat Royal plush. 23-12; Little Sister
beat Narcissus, 3-2; Sir Pasha beat :Lord Bea
consfleld, 5-0.
Fourth round— Shadow beat Sir Paaha. 7-3:
Anchor beat Warkhlp. 3-0: Little Slsfcr beat
John Doe. 3-2; Royal Flush a bye.
Fifth round— Shadow beat Little Sister 6-0;
Anchor a bye. •
Deciding course— Anchor beat Little Sister.
io-5.- v:.'-v - .
players happy, for )when the final flag
was raised the short ends that had broken
the monotony for the pikers numbered
an even half-dozen. The odds, too, wera
close, averaging as good as 2 to L
McComb's old-time champion Royal
Flush came near to adding the stake to
his credit. In the first round, with Green
hall as his opponent. Flush surprised the
wise ones a bit by getting the Bag. al
though the odds were 5 to 3 against his
chances. Jingle Bells was next disposed
of, and then the old campaigner won a
long one from Silver Cloud. NA. fast hare
was turned loose for the pair. He took
his pursuers a hard route, and kept them
from getting too close. The relief dogs
were given their only opportunity during
the day to join in a chase, but could!
only make the jack extend itself the more.
After a long run the hare escaped.
Flush was down in the next course for a
bye, and went against Cash. Tfcough he
was led by his opponent, Flush came in for
the kill. This left him In fourth place,
and he was withdrawn.
Anchor showed in great form, and al
lowed but few points to his opponents.
H dy l Glenkirk, Bona Fide and Warship
failed to score against him.
In the deciding course Anchcr closed
favorite over the clever Little !31ster at
slight odds. At the opening the dogs were
played at even money, but at alfp time
the Anchor men were compelled to give a
point.
SOCIETY whiled away the Fourth
under the broiling sun watching
gentlemen jockeys ' "wind" their
ponies on the Hobart estate track
• at San Mateo. Society wa3 much
pleased. It rode with the gentle
men jockeys and raced with the
lathering ponies In spirit, but had no ap
plause for the victors.
Only once was this gathering overcome
with excitement. It was when Willis
Polk's pinto mount demonstrated that it
was master of its rider. Mr. Polk went
out to race with Mr. McAllister. He
finished when going the wrong way, hard
bumped against a fence. McAllister, led
this race through the stretch and made a
driving and victorious finish. Then Folk's
pony demonstrated his chagrin. He kept
on going and when half around the track
turned and came sailing back with Polk
still aboard.
As Polk and mount passed the stand on
the hurried return a babel of advice was
hurled at the rider, but he heeded it not.
His mind was concentrated on the labor
of holding on. At the stable gate Mr. Polk
changed his mind. He decided to get off.
The pony decided to help him and broad
side on Mr. Polk hit the fence with a re
sounding bang. Until it was learned that
Mr. Polk was still alive, uninjured, in fact
—at least he said so— society was excited.
His final appearance, coupled with the
appearance of his opponent, who was
brought out on a hay cart to receive the
plaudits of those who had plaudits to gl\|?
dispelled the momentary excitement arid*
society settled down again to silently ei
joy the coming events.
Mr. Polk's effort was not the gauge by
which the talent of the gentlemen Jockevg
may be judged, however. F. J. Carolan
went twice under the wire ahead— or at
least under where the wire ought to be
by making driving finishes that would win
him fame among professionals. The «juur
ter-mile dash, which he won by a neck
K after "taking to the bat" was as exolting
as any old sport could desire. Walter Ho
bart also demonstrated his ability at* a
"pony pilot" and Charles I>unphy added
to his laurels by swinging both Hobart
and Carolan in the dust behind him.
From miles around the country people
gathered to watch the races and view so
ciety. Society also gathered- to watch th«
races and view itself. Coaches and drags
lined the course and mingled with the
farmers' vehicles where, on cleated
boards, father and mother, brother and
sister, cousins, other relatives and the
hired man sat and passed the day. Silks
and jewels were relieved against back
grounds of homespun and coral.
Following are the events, the names of
the victors and those who came behind:
Three-sixteenths of a mile— Won by Charles
Dunphy on Lady Betty, F. J. Carolan second,
TV. S. Hobart third, T. A. JDriscoll fourth.
Time, :20. .
Quarter mile— Won by F. J, Carolan, T. A.
Driscoll second, W. S. Hobart third. Time.
:26li. Fred Poett, Charles Dunpby and Prince
Broglle also ran.
Quarter . mile, polo ponies— Won by W. S.
Hobart on Terry. McGovern, F. J, Carolan on
Limit second, Charles Dunphy on Lady Betty
third. . .
Spaclal race— Hall McAllister beat Willis
Polk. .
Half mile, catch weights, ponies drawn by
lot— Won by Joseph Tobln Jr. .on Cat, Fred
Poett on Rascal second, F, J. Carolan on Saw
dust third. W. S. Hobart, Prince A, Broglie
and Prince J. Broglie also ran, *
Three-fourths of a mile, for horses owned and
ridden by residents of San Mateo— Won by Kd
Turner's Butcher Boy (O'Grady), 'Levy's Blllle
Taylor second.* . . -
. Three-fourths of a mile, for race ponies-=-Won
by F. J. Carolan's Fusllade, W. - 3. • Hobarfs
Thomell second, F. Poett's Nellie Gray third.
The feature of the day's racing was the
relay race. W. Johnson, Cyril "robin and
Walter Hobart went on the track
against F. J. Carolan, Fred Poett and T
A. Driscoll. Johnson led Carolan the first
eighth of a mile, passed the glove he car
ried to Cyril Tobin, who in turn passed
the same to Walter. Hobart, who, owln-*
to the difficulty experienced by their op
ponents in passing the glove, secured a
quarter of a mile start over Driscoll. Ho
bart generously slowed up, however," per
mitting Driscoll to close up the gap and
then 'made a close and easy, finish, Ho
bart crossing the line but a length in the
lead. - • - • -
Those who conducted the races were: J
J. Moore, judge: , J. B. Crockett, starter;
Perry . Eyre and : W. : O. ' B. McDonough'
timers; J. B. Casserly, clerk of course.
THOUSANDS OF ENTHUSIASTS ARE
DRAWN TO SCENES OF SPORTING
ACTIVITY ON LAND AND WATER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; 5, 1901.
MIDSUMMER SPORT EVENTS IN HOLIDAY DRESS
SOME OF THE INCIDENTS
DURING THE f O pEN - AI^ R
3Runs responsible for— Evans 2, Kale 1. Home
run— Bowman. Three-base hit— HildebrandJ
Two-base hits— Krugr, Householder. Sacrifice
hits^Hlldebrand, Nordyke, Evans, C. i Rellly,
Reltz, Hutchinson. First base on errors— San
Francisco 2, L.os Angeles 5. First base . on
called balls — San Francisco 7, Los Ansreles 2.
Left -on bases— San Francisco 11, Los Angeles.
9. Struck out— By -Evans 6, by Hale .1, by
Hartwell 2. Hit by pitcher— Schwartz. Double
playsr-Kelly to Reltz to Hutchinson; Spies to
Kelly. ' Time of game — 1 hour and 50 minutes.
Umpire— Graves. Official scorer — McFarlin.
Los Ansreles used two twlrlers to win
the first game of the series. Hartwell and
Hale proved effective against the Ger
man element. The local nine played poor
ball. They rolled up a total of six- errors
that proved cbstly.-. Kildebrand tied the
score in the fifth by scoring two men with
a three-bagger. -Bowman's home run ear
lier in the same aided the visitors in earn
ing their first victory. Following is.thi
score: - ; • • -
I.os Angeles 6, San Francisco 3.
KOENING GAME.
CALL'S CARTOONIST RECOUPS
SOME INCIDENTS IN YESTER
DAY'S TWELVE-INNING GAME,
Alameda Boating Glut) Wins Senior Four-Oared Contest Easily.
A. W. Pape Retains the Senior Shell Championship and
G. Baker Is First in the Junior Outrigged .Skiff Race
. . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - . ¦ . . *
CROWDS GREET VICTORIOUS BARGE
CREWS IN LAKE MERRITT REGATTA
Grand Challenge Cup: Third heat— The Lean
der-Rawing Club, beat . the Belgian crew by
three-quarters of a length. Time, 7:0S. .
Fourth heat— Pennsylvania University beat
the Thames Rowing Club by three lengths
Time, 7:22.
Thames Challenge Cup: Eighth heat—Kings
ton Rowing Club beat the Royal School of
Mines by a length and a half. ; Time. 7:24
Visitors" Challenge Cup: .Second heat—
Calus College, Cambridge, beat New College,
Oxford. Caiue arrived alone. No. 3 of the
New College crew broke his slide. Calus stop
ped, but the damage could not be repaired.
Thames Challenge Cup: Ninth heat—Trin
ity Hall, Cambridge, beat Worcester College
Oxford, by a length. Time, 7:26.
Visitors' Challenge Cup: Third heat-Bal
llol College,' Oxford, beat First Trinity Cam
bridge, by two lengths. Time, 8:14.
. Diamond Challenge. Sculls: Fourth heat—
C. V. Fox beat S. T. Blackstaffe by a length
and three-quarters. Time, 8:46. . ' . ¦
Ladles' Challenge Plate : Third heat— Eton
beat Radley College by two and a quarter
lengths. Time, 7:33.
The Stewards' Challenge Cup: - First heat
Leander beat - London Rowing Club easily
Time, 8:05. ! : • . . .. ,- ' .
The Diamond Challenge Sculls: Fifth heat—
O; Ashebeat K. Johnson by two and. three
quarter lengths. Time, '8:51 -¦¦;;¦¦¦•-¦. v
The Wyford , Challenge Cup: Fifth heat-
Christ College, Cambridge, beat the Thames
Rowing: Club by four feet. Time, 8:13.
Ladies' Challenge Plate: Fourth,"heat—Uni
versity College, Oxford.' beat Worcester Col
lege,-Oxford, by two lengths.; Time. 7:32.
The Silver Ooblets: First heat— The Belgians
had : a row-over. The Leander crew was
scratched. ¦ . ¦ : .. , f , .
Wyfold- Challenge Cup: Sixth heat— Trinity
Hall, Cambridge, beat the Kingston Rowing
Club by a length.-, Time, 8 ;0Q, :.
yesterday. The two .men: '-to reach
the finals were Drummond McGavln and
Charles A'. Elston. . J. D. M eGavin • beat
W. B. Collier by a score of 8—6, 1—6' 7^-5
In the first round Chet Smith beat.Charles
Kuehn, 6-1. '6^-1. i Dick'Erskine beat John
Craig of Woodland, 5-7." 6-1, 7~5 J Hoff
man beat Carl i Gardner in straight sets
6— 2,v6— 3. -In .the second round rOgden
Hoffman beat Qhet Smith, 6~4, ftl-2 and
Charles Elston -beat Dick Erskine, 6—0,
$—(>.' ¦ '.,•';'¦-¦ ¦ ''%¦ -:¦.>.¦ :-.' ¦¦-¦•:»¦¦;. •'.
¦ Owing to lateness of -the hour the
final match between Drummond McGavin
and Charles Elston was not played. Each
of these players received. a tennis racket
JOT h.tS efforts. ;•• - ,, •;, > • -¦
The results of the heats to-day were:
It is generally agreed that the race to
morrow between the Leanders and the
crew from the University of Pennsylva
nia will be a close and exciting one. The
Americans are feeling very confident and
say that they will be rowing all the time
no matter what be the tactics of their
opponents.
General Results of Heats.
A .curious contrast t° the solemn aloof
ness of the Pennsylvanias, who have never
seen anything- of the regatta, is that Leander
rowed four of their men from the eight in the
stewards' race and that Payne and Burnell
were to have had a third time at 6 o'clock
against the Belgian pair, but were scratched
No better contrast could be suggested of the
way in" which English and American oarsmen
gain their experience and training. The first
race they see all they can and do all they can.
The second they row. against the watch. We
sha)I see the , result . to-morrow. ¦
The Leanders improved on their previous
performance and their improvement, has not
finished yet. . But far more important is the
fapt that to-day the Englishmen reached
Fawley no less than six seconds faster than
Pennsylvania and when the two meet each
other there will not be that difference, be
cause the Leanders never get farther ahead
than they can help. The difference in pace
necessitated for the Pennsylvanians will have
a very serious effect upon the middle half
mile, which has hitherto been such an easy
thing for them. . , • .
The Leanders Are Improving.
Socn after this, as the Thames men were
completely out of the hunt, the Pennsyl,
vanlans settled into that lively paddle, at half
steam, at thirty-six strokes, for whictf they
are so famous. It is extremely useful to
nurse a crew which has established a good
lead and save up its powers until they are
wanted again. But it has .now been seen
in these races for the last time. V/hen near
the Leander lawn and about a quarter of a
mile from home the crew got far more lively,
though they did not row as long as they
should have done, and when they quickened
to forty-one in order to beat the already
beaten crew by a little further distance, they
were by no means rowing as neatly as yester
day and their completed course was timed at
only seven minutes and twenty-two seconds
I attach very, little Importance to time test
comparisons as a general rule and shalf not
emphasize the fact that, the Leander cre-v did
twelve seconds better overfall just before, be
cause the Belgians were a much faster crew
than the Thames. ; . * . .
When Umpire Pitman gave the Word "Go!"
the 1 ennsyivanians leaped forward to their
work with square blades and tore out half a
dozen strokes before the Thames crew had fln
shed four. They E ot. forty-one full strokes
into the first minute, though these were far
from neat, for there was much splashing.
This, however, made no difference, for the
I hames crew could row only thirty-nine, and
having lost three-quarters of a length by the
time the Island was passed. The Pennsyl
vania na continued at full steam, going farther
and farther away from their weak adversaries
They reached half way In three minutes and
forty seconds, a time which deserves earelul
remembrance.
Theodore Cook, the well-known Oxford'
oarsman, ¦ writing on -to-day's Henley
races says:': ¦' • , .
Opinion of a Nqted Oarsman.
The . Leander-Belgian race was a hard
one, but not s-j severe as expected. The
Leanders got away with surprising rapid
ity at the rate of forty-three, and secured
a. bare lengths lead ?it the tQP of the
island. The Belgians soon struck a rapid
gait and began tc come ud, but they could
"oj.ratch the Loanders. Off Fav/ley Cgurt.
which they did in. 3:24, the Leanders were
again clear. Off the Grosvenor Club the
Belgians spurtiM and nearly got'up level.
A splendid race home followed, the Lean
ders winning by a bare length- ;
HENLEY, July 4.— The second day of
the Henley regatta was signalized by an
other victory for the Americans, the oars
men from the University of Pennsylvania
defeating the Thames Rowing Club and
thus winning their second heat. As the
Leanders defeated the Belgian crew the
Pennsylvanians will meet -the Leanders
in the final heat for the grand challenge
cup to-morrow.
The conditions were even better than
yesterday. A bright, hot sun- was pruning
and there was no wind.
Boon after 11 o'clock the Leanders, pad
dling to the start for their race with the
Belgians, were loudly appiauded along the
course, but their reception was quite
eclipsed by that given to the Americans,'
who followed a few minutes later.
There .was only five minutes' difference .
between the two races, and no sooner had
Umpire Williams sent the Leandurs and
Belgians off than Umpire Pitman's
launch took its place to start the Amerir
pans and the Thames crew.
There was a capital start and the Penn
sylvanlans hal three-fourths of a length
lead before ths top of the island waa
reached. They rowed eleven strokes in
the first quarter, twenty-two In the Urst
half and rorty-cne during the first min
ute. The Americans went away ?teadl]y
and easjly from that point and dropped
their stroke to thirty-eight. Opposite the
Leander inclosure the Perinsylvaniana
were, three )ength3 ahead, and although
they again eased considerably and the
others spurted the Thames men were nev
er able to make up anything.
Passing the yrand stand the Americans
could not resist a little spurt, and they
rowed past with a dozen strokes at the
rate of forty-ona to the minute.
The Americans had a very, friendly re
ception. .Ellla Ward, the American coach,
wl.o v,as jn the u-npire's launch, express d
himself us being thorougnjy {jutisiied ana
confident.
Will Now Meet Leanders in
Final Heat for Grand -
Challenge Cup.
Pennsylvania Oarsmen
Defeat Thames Row
ing Club Crew.
SIGNAL VICTORY
FOR AMERICANS
'At the Conclusion of the match George
Whitfleld' Lane presented ' the four win
ners with the prizes.. His presentation re
marks were very appropriate." First prize
went to \ George Whitney;, second to <• II
N. Whitney and the two third. prizes to
Merle Johnson and Grant Smith, tf. . . ¦
¦ The., consolation tournament ' for - those
beaten in their first match was also played
With 'the score two sets all and * Bob
playing in smashing style, It looked as if
he would win the match- The heat, which
was intense, weakened h jm much, and
George soon ran the score up to &^0.' At'
this stage of the. contest Bob took a brace
end won th« next game, making it &— l in 1
George's favor. - The last: game was
deuce, vantage six or eight, times, 'till
George' finally put an end to things by
a clever, smash. •. •., ¦ '. ; • . .
George * -.Whitney i showed his. old-time
form right from the start, arid played a 1
hard, heady earne. Bob was rather slow
getting off, but when once fairly started
he played with ekill and judgment. The
first set, in which most of the games went
to deuce,- was finally won by George Whit
ney, 6 — 2. George also won the second bet
the score being 6— 3. Up to this time >R ¦
Whitney's game was hardly as good as*
he is capable of putting, up, but In the
third set he struck his gait and played"
his best game. His drives, both back
hand an.0 forehand, were not ' only ex
ceedingly swift, but, were also very; ac-'
curate. In this set George seemed to let'
up a little, and Bob won put rather easily,
the score being 3—6. , .-.¦.¦ .-, ¦ >:¦¦'.:'¦- :..
In the fourth set it was thought George
would win out, but Bob was on edge, and
try as he would, the champion could not*
win. After a sharp struggle, the set went.'
to Bob. 6—2. ; .
A larg? and enthusiastic crowd was on
hand yesterday afternoon at the cpurts of
the Hotel Rafael to .. witness, the final
match of the first singles tournament for
the championship" of - the State of Cali
fornia. The contestants. were the Whit
ney . brothers, George and Robert, and'
the tennis w$s by far the best seen in the
tournament. The. former won by the score
of. fr-2, 6-3, 3-6. 2— 6, 6-1. V , •
Conclusion of the First
State Tennis Tour
v nament.
GEORGE B EATS
BROTHER BOB
Seventh raca. mile and seventy yards— Moses
won, Scotch Plaid second, Hard Knot third.
1 line, 1 143.
Second race, one mile— Ram Fullen won
Ohnet second, Boney Boy third. Time. 1:46 1-5
•Third race, mile arjd seventy yards— Ed Adack
won; Alaska second, Oxnard third. Time, 1:50.
Fourth race.. Sheridan stakes. $4000 added
mile- and a quarter—Robert Waddell won Six
Bec( >nd,. Terminus third. Time, ?:12 3-5.
; Fifth" race, one mile— Crocket won, Eddie
Jones second. Tulla.FonPQ. third. Time. 1:45.
xr ,, • I*??' slx f uriongs-Mr. ; Brown won.
1-TfiTV "econd. Moneymuss third. • Time,
CHICAGO. July 4.— Robert Waddell added
still further to his reputation this afternoon by
winning the Sheridan stakes at a mile and a
quarter at Washington Park. Summary:
• First race, four and a half furlongs— Jack
Ratlin won, Rossfame second, Phyro • third.
Time, :5i. - ¦ • - - . L . * - ¦" ; -
Fifth race, the Independence Handicap, purse
$1500, one mile and three-sixteenths— Oudenarde
won, B)lnk 6'econd. Nandora third. Time, 2:05.
Sixth race, six furlpngs— Prima II won,' Tbbe
Payne seeond. Hindoonet third.. Time, 1:1SV4.
Seventh race, one mile and a sixteenth— Lee
Bruno wpn. Ida Ledford second, Amelia Strath
mnre third. Time, 1:55.
BUTTE, Mont.. July 4.— To-day's results:
First race, eix and a half furlongs— William
F. won, Ting-a-Ling second, Joe K. third.
Time, 1:22H. -
Second race, one mile — Burdock' won. The
Buffoon eecond, Harry Thatcher third. Time,
1M5. - . . . . ¦ < '
Third race, seven furlongs— Brown Prince
won. Senator Dubois eecond, Hold Fox third.
Time, 1:2»#.
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs-
Doublet won, Decapo second, True Blue third.
Time, :54«4. •
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Mo<*or! to
won. Araaea- second, Alary's Garter third.
Sixth, raee, one' mile— Gauntlet won. Frank
Duffy eecond. Odd Eyes third. Tlme,,l:43U.
Seventh race, three furlongs-Honest John
won, Don H. second, Walkapaugh third. Time,
:J5VJ. ¦ . , ..-..., .
Fourth race. Independence Handicap, one
mile— Uledl won. John McKIroy second, Charlie
O'Brien third. Time, 1:40.
Fifth race, six furlongs— .Santa Ventura wen,
Teucer second. Slasher third. Time, l:WA.
Sixth race, one mile— Ignis won, Meggs sec
ond. Fuclno third. Time. 1:41VJ.
• Seventh race, one mile, hurdles — Land Ho
won, Mr. Brook-wood second. Governor Boyd
third. Time. 1:42.
ST. LOUIS, July 4.— Delmar Park summary:
First race, sir furlongs— Mlrt Asher won,
Miss Guido second. La Mascotta third. Time,
1:20%, . ¦ "V; ¦
Second race, fjve and a half furlongs — Ethy
lene wpn, Kaffir second, Gallagher third. Time,
1:12%. .
Third race, one . mile and twenty yards-
Prince' Stonemouth 'won. John Morton : second.
Sylvjah third. Time, 1:48. '
>Pourth race;.elx furlongs— Tom Colling won,
A.D, Gibson Eecond, Dr. Cave third.. Time,
1:18. -
Third race, mile and a sixteenth — Edna Gerry
won, Nels Morris second, Baffled third. Time,
1:47. , '
; Second race, five furlongs, selling— Dr. Worth
won, Faleta second, Debenture third. Time,
1.C2U.
CINCINNATI, July 4.— Newport summary:
First; race, six furlongs — Flop won, Rqwdy G,
second, Roltatre third.. Time, 1:13%.-
Runs resnonslble for — Ibure 1, Hartwell 2.
Three-base hit — Hutchinson. Two-base hits —
Nordyke, Graham 2, HHdebrand. First base
on errors-^San Francisco 1, Los Anseles ; 1.
Left on bases— San Francisco 9, Los Angeles
8. Struck out— By Ibure 4. by Hartwell 5.
Time of srame— 2 hours. Umpire— Graves. Of
ficial scorer — McFarlin.
SUMMARY.
Fifth race. Independence ¦Ste'ept^thaSeabfiilt
two and a half miles— Magic Light'wen.'&faryv
lander eeeond. Backet third. Time, 5:18.. • •
- Sixth race, • mile and a. sixteenth, on tnrf—
Doiando won Bombshell second, , McJ-cod - ef
Dare third. Iftinfi. l;tf J-5. „
First rae*,' five furloncrs— Honolulu won Lady
Sterling eeeond. Optional third, Tlma, 1-00 3-5
"Second race.* elx f urlongs-rCoionfil, Padden
won.- T«mp!eton second, pilver McV. , ' third.
Time. 1;1$. . - - •.• .
"Third race, double eveht. $5000. six furlongs—
FJv Wheel -wen, WWsky Kingr second; -Par Ex
cellence third. Time. 1:12 l-!>. ' Goldsmith
finished second but'was disqualified for fouling
.Fourth race, the • Lawrence Realization
Stakes. • mile and five furlongs— The Parader
126 (McCue), 6 to 1 and 5 to 2.' won; Commando
121 <Spencer). 1 to «, eecomj; MorteUo, " n< <Turl
ner). 30 19 X. third. Time,. 2:49 4-5. Handwork
also ran. : ¦ • : t . .
The race was at a mile and five fur
longs and four horses faced the starter.
Handwork, with Shaw up, made the early
running, showing the way for a mile by
three lengths. Commando rated along* in
second place; while Mortello and The Pa
rader brought up the rear. Going up the
back stretch the order was the same, but
as they neared the far turn Commando
moved ud to Handwork and they raced
head and head to the stretch.' At this
point Handwork gave It up and the crowd
settled Ttself to see Commando come, home
alone, when suddenly The Parader loomed
up dangerously near, McCue bringing him
through on the rail. There was a brief
struggle at the last furlong pole and then
The Parader gradually drew away and
won cleverly, while Commando had to be
ccntcnt with second place, twelve lengths
before Mprtello, who beat Handwork a
head for third money. . The Parader was
giving Commando five pounds and ran the
distance over & dead track In 2:49 2-5. The
condition of the track was the only ex
cuse for Commando's defeat. !
NEW YORK, July 4,— Commando, the
great son of Domino, a prohibitive favgr
ite at 1 to 6. was decisively beaten in the
Lawrence Realization stakes at Sheeps
head Bay to-day. The Parades, with Mc-
Cue up, won cleverly by two lengths. ¦
Commando Falls Back
at the Last Fur
long Pole.
Brockhoff scored Los Angeles" first run
in the third. The locals evened matters
In the fifth, when Nordyke reached first
on Reitz's error, stole second and scored
on Graham's two-bagger. Neither side
did anything until the ninth after this,
when both teams netted one apiece, neces
sitating the extra innings. ¦ : •
Cro}l nearly lost the game for the Ger
mans by misjudging Jlutchinson's fly,
which went over his head and earned the
first baseman three bases. Los Angeles
had men on bases in the next three in
nings, but was unable to send a man
acrces the rubber. In the twelfth the
Dutch opened up on Mr. Hartwell and
bumped him for_four long swats. IJilder
brand batted in the winning run by a
nice two-bagger past 6econd. Los Ange
les could do nothing in its turn and the
anxiety was over. Following is the score:
THE PARADER
WINS EASILY
It was twelve innings of heart palpita
tions. One error apiece contributed by
the guardians cf second base was all that
was noted by the scorer. Both Iburg and
Hartwell pitched good ball. In the twelve
session? not a "man was permitted to
walk. The men batted well and supported
their pitchers in good style.
pji y-^HE Germans and the Orange-
JJ growers celebrated the Fourth
SI with a twelve-inning game and
It there was a display of diamond
• fireworks that was in keeping with
the day, . . . ..- .
summary. • • - ;¦- .
Runs responsible for— Hpdspn 2,'Shea i, -Har
per 2. Home- run — Francks. Two-base hit—
Moore- • " Sacrifice . hits— McGueken, Francks.
First base on errors— Sacramento 1. First base
on called balls— Hod?on 2," Shea 6, Harner 3.
Left on ' bases— Oakland 8, Sacramento" 4.
Struck out— By-. Hodson 1, . by Harper J. Double
play-- Franeka to Arrellanes ¦ to Eagan. Time
of game— 1 hour and 15 minutes. Umpire—
L«vy. .: Official scorer— Rutherford. . v ¦;¦';,
SACRAMENTO, July
took another slide this afternoon, Oakland
winning by a score <jf 7 to 3. Hodson of
ficiated for the "Clam Diggers" and was
almost invincible, as he allowed but seven
hits and. kept them well scattered. She,i
opened the game for Sacramento and by
the end of the fifth inning he had allowed
six scattered hits and became so wild In
his delivery, walking six men, that Stan
ley got tired of attempting to handle his
erratic delivery and Harper was sent in to
finish out the game, which can be deci
phered f»om the following score:
OAKLAND NINE DEFEATS
THE MEN OF SACRAMENTO
THE rowing and swimming regatta
given on Lake Merritt yesterday
by the citizens of Oakland under
the management of the regatta
committee of the Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic
"Union was a signal success. The
day was ideal for regatta purposes, with
a l}ght breeze and smooth water. There
was a long list««f entries and all events
passed off without mishap, A large crowd
watched the vaces from the boulevard,
from the bank opposite and from the.
Twelfth-street bridge.
In the junior outrigged skiff • race six
scullers faced the starter," five crews lined
up In the junior barge race and in most
of the other events there were four con-'
testants. In the senior barge race the Ala
meda "Spiders'" defeated the Pioneers,
holders of the championship of 1900, and
the South End "Midgets." A. \V. Pape
retains the senior shell championship, and
George Baker won the senior skiff cham
pionship. The relay swimming race was
mpst exciting and was won by the Lur
line Swimming Club after a close struggle
with the Olympic team. The only'unsat
iafactory event was the junior shell race,
which was won by George Lewis, his sole
competitor being Harry Nelson of the
Alameda Club, who rowed in a skiff mere
ly to fill the race. . .
The duties of referee were fulfilled by
John T. Sullivan of the Pioneers, and A,
G. Bell of the A'.ameda Boating Club act
ed efficiently as starter, though on two
occasions his niKtol failed to go off at the
first snap of the trigger, making it neces
sary to call the crews back. The full de
tails of the races follow: .
Senior barge ¦ race — First— Alameda Boating
Club: George Lewis, bow; W. G. Hansen, No.
8- John L. Lewis. No, 3; F. W. Ayers, strok»:
Bert Cameron, cockswain. Time, 10:9.
Second— South End Rowing Club: Henry
Bode, bow; Gustave Carson, No. 2: Robert Mc-
Arthur, No. 3; Frank Duplissea, stroke; Robert
Thedy, cockswain.
Third— Pioneer Rowing Club: G. Collopy,
bow F. O'Neill, No. 2; G. Lawson, No. 8; F.
Lawson, stroke; Eddie Hause. cockswain.
Fourth— Ariel Rpwing Club: Charles Wilson,
bow; W. T. Howe. No. 2: Robert Ellis, No. 3;
H, Wilson, stroke; Roy West, cockswain.
On the way to the turning point the
Alamedas rowed forty-four to the minute
The honorary president of the day was F. J.
Lea and the following were' honorary Judges:
W. M. Coward, ¦ P. Carroll, Qiarles Ott T. M
Kendall. George L. Nuiibaumer, W. A. Weilhy*
and Wilbur Walker. T. J. Kennedy was mar
shal of the course and James Wilson assistant
marshal. ' Each of the rowing- and swimming
clubs was represented by two Judges and ont»
timer.
las, ho; George ¦ Bates. No. !; Arthur Mc-
Duf ne, No; 3; | Ed Scully, stroke; AJbert Son
nenberg, cockswain. Time, 10;12.
Second— Alameda Beating Clubi ' J. C.
Stamer, bow; Lerdy Pollard. No. '2; B. G.
Lyons, No. 3; Sydney E. Pollard, stroke; Bert
Cameron, cockswain.
The Sputh Ends, pulling well together, won
by six lengths, the Ariels. who had previously
won the Junior barge nice, being a poor third.
400-yard relay swimming race, nine relays—
The Lurlipe Swimming Club won. the follow
ing being their representatives: E. J C, Boni
8«ld. - A. D. . Schmidt. W7- C. Pomin. F. W.
Huntington, W. F. HaiTis. W. P. Stockton T
C. Loomia. G. Wallace and H. Heinz. The
losing team of the Olympiaa was made up of
O. C. Sehulte. D. Carroll, R. B. Cornell. Les
ter Hammersmith. C K. Melrose, H. Duran.
A. w, Pape, F. dough and Scott Leary.
Water polo—The Olympic Club, not coming
vp to the scratch, the Lurline. men made up
two teams and played a lively and exciting
game. ,
"Josh" Rellly ' is ' holding the third c«rn»r
down in clever style. If he would only break
away from hi» habit of knocking fly balls h£
would endear himself to all '-"fans."
Hartwell had great speed. He put them over
with incredible swiftness and control /
"Hank" Reit« did not distinguish' hliaself
during the game. . He errered once, struck «. .
once, and Xalled to hit "afely. i * pl ™ c * TOt
Nordyke »s. playing splendid ball. His throw
ing to bases and fielding Is beyond reproach/
There was a regular Sunday crowd at th»
afternoon "game. The "fans" were repaid with
a fast and. highly interesting contest. ¦
• Croll Is a nice" boy, but he is not. fast enough
for hla company. enpugu.
Not a man walked in yesterday's *«-,„•
Both pitcher* did great twirling. * me '
i It is nothing unusual for the Orange-Grower*
and the Dutch to play extra inning gSme™
Whenever the leaders, cpme together the crowd
is treated, to the real article in baseball rowa
SpUsrhas Umpire Graves "Buffaloed." He
can talk back and not be fined. Other Dhvfr.
will save money by learning "HankV- $%*£?
NOTES OF THE GAME
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Umplre Graves made his bow. to the local
"fans" after an absence of some weeks.. His
"gigs" still need trimming, as his decisions on
balls and strikes were open to criticism.
Bowman bunted the ball along the third base
Una in the afternoon game and like a farmer
stood at the plate expecting the ball to roll
foul. Iburg . foiled him by. plucking it in the
nick of time and tagging Bowman out. The
crowd howled and one C. Rellly protested, but
to no avail. " •
Papst made a pickup in the first that created
a furor.
Both teams bunted well in the morning game.
The sacrifices were timely and good. -
When Los Angelea made its first run in the
afternoon the Southern enthusiasts made noise
but when the Dutch evened matters in the
fifth there was enough noise to be heard in
Oakland. ..
C. Beljly played a great game at third. His
namesake on the opposing team was also in
the game. . - , ¦
"Chimmle der Whale" will be in the points
for the Germans to-day.
Every time a German distinguished himself
yesterday he was given a salute- of forty-eight
guns from the armed men in the grandstand
and bleachers.
, 440-yard swimming race^-H. F. Brewer of the
Olympia Club won easily, R. B. Cornell of the
same club being second, C. Schulte third and
C. V. Cluff fourth.
The course was not more than 300 yards and
no time was erlven.
Senior shell race— First, A. TV. Pape of the
Dolphin Boating Club, time 10 minutes 54 sec
onds; second, F. W. Ayers ef the Alameda
Boating Club. Pape, rowing well within him
self, won by six lengths; Dr. C. C. Dennis was
third, Charles Wilson stopping before reach
ing the finish line. George McGrtll of the
South Ends did not start,
Senox outrigged skiff race-^First, George
Baker of the Dolphin Boating Club, time— 13
minutes and ' S3 2-3 seconds; second, John J.
Lewis of the Alameda Boating Club.
. Baker won comfortably and S. J. Pembroke
failed to turn the stake.
Junior skiff— First, "VV. G. Hansen of the
Alameda . Boating Club, time— 11 minutes 34
seconds; second, T. J. Sherry . of the Olym
pia Boat Club. M. C. Cashman of the South
Ends was third, Lester Hammersmith of the
Dolphins fourth. Edward Murphy of the
Pioneers and B. H. Cerf of the University of
California also covered the course, but the
latter fouled two or three of his competitors
soon lifter startinsr.
Intermediate barge race—
First— South End RoMng Club: James Pal-
Second— South End Rowing Club: C. C.
Dennis, bow; Frank Mayo, No. t; Edward
Pallas, No. 3; Charles Jenkins, stroke; Albert
.Sonnenberg, cockswain.
Third— Alameda Boating Club: "VV. S. Bum.
ham, bow; M. P. Profumo, No. J; E. W. Ed
wards, No. 3; C. J. Hague, stroke; Bert Cam
eron, cockswain.
The Dolphins were fourth Rnd the University
of California last.
Junior Shell race —
First— George Lewis of Alameda Boating
Club. i . •
Second— Harry Nelson of Alameda Boating
Club.
Lewis had the race in his hands from, the
start.
' -One hundred-yard swimming race — Scott
Leary of the Olympic Club won, H. ~F. Brewer
of the same club being second and A. D.
Schmidt of the Lurline Club beating H. Heinz
of the same club. Time, 43 seconds for about
seventy-five yards, Leary 'winning by six feet.
Junior Barge race--*-
First-iAriel Rowing Club: J. Nokes, bow;
E. L. "Smith, No. 2; H. Foley. No, 3; A.
Keegan. stroke; Roy West, cockswain. Time,
10:23 2-5.
and the South Ends and Pioneers forty
two. The Alamedas led at the turn and
won in good stvle by five or six lengths.
The Pioneers .and Ariels had a close
struggle, the former just beating the lat
ter at the post.
- ' ¦• ' . ' v "' •". ' . ..¦-...
PIONEER SENIOR BARGE. CREW THAT SURRENDERED TO THE ALAMEDA "SPIDERS'* AT LAKE MERRITT
.OVER AT OAKLAND, YESTERDAY AFTERNOON, THE RIGHT. TO THE TITLE OF CHAMPIONS FOR THE
COMING YEAR. ¦ . ' '.-. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUXY 5, 1901;
Wasps and Angels Put in Fast Exhibition Before; an Enthusiastic
Crowd at Recreation Park— -Pitchers Iburg and Hartwell'rn
Fine Form and the Batting Is Excellent — Honors Are Divided
UNCLE HANK'S AGGREGATION WINS
EXCITING TWELVE-INNING CONTEST
GLORIOUS DAY FOR YANKEE ROWERS AT HENLEY
4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, c. f 6 0 1 0' 0 1 0
Kildebrand, I. f 6 0 1 0 4 0 0
Schwartz, 2b fi 1 1 6 S 3 1
Pabst, 1b 5 0 2 0 15 1 0
ICrugr, es .-... 5 0 10 2 « 0
Xordyke, r. f 5 12 12 2 0
J. Rellly. 3b 5 6 10 4 5 0
qraham, c 5 13 0 4 0 0
Ibure, p .". '. 5 0 2 0 2 10
Totals 48 S 14 1 . 36 19 3
LOS ANGELES.
1 AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, r. i...t... 6 1 2 0 3 2 0
Reitz, 2b 6 0 10 2 2 1
Householder, c. f.... 5 0 2 6 2 0 0
Spies, c 5 0 10 7 0 0
Hutchinson. lb 5 12 12.00
C. Reilly. Sb 5 6 10 3 4 0
Kelly, es 5 0 3 0 6 6 0
Bowman. \. t 5 0 0 1 J 1 0
Hartwell, p 5 6 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 47 2 12 2 36 14 , 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Prancisco.O 0001000100 1— 3
Base hits.....O 10010113 2 1 4— 14
Lo? Angeles 0 01000001000^-3
Base hits 0 1201201301 1—12
AB. R. BII, SB. PO.'A. E.
Brockhcff;- -r: ¦ f . . 4 1 ¦ 2 0 0 * J C
Reitz, 2b. .;..;'..-.¦-.,. 4 0. 1-0 3-2 1
Householder,' e. f..V. 5 ¦ 0 »2 0 0 fl 0
Spies, o ..:.;. 3 '2 0 1 5 2 8
Hutohinson," lb:'..... 3 0 0. 1 10 • 0 B
C. Reiily. 3b..... 3 1 2 6 2 3 0
Kelly, ss.- 3 0 0 0 3 3 1
Bowman, 1. t 4 -.2 1 1 4 0 0
Hale, p ,. SO 0 0 0 5 0
Hartwell, p 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals ............ ?3 6 8 -3 27 16 2
SA"N FItAKCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. c. t. 2 110 2 0 1
Hildebrand: 1. t..:.. 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Schwartz. 2b i 0 0 0 1 1 2
Pabst, lb -....-: 3 1 0 0 8 0 1
KruK. ss 5 0 2 0 110
Nordkye, r. i.. ...... S 0 2 0 5 12
,T. ReiHy, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Graham, c.:.. 3 1,1 1 R 0 0
Evans, p 3 0 1 0 0-1 0
Totals 30 3 9 1 24 7 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
La* Angeleg 0 2 6 0 8 110 •— 6
Base hits 1- 2 0 0 2 2 1 0 •— 8
San Francisco..'. 0 0 0 0 2 10 0 0—3
Base hits.... 0 1112 12 10—9
SUMMARY.
ANGELES.
U AIVUA(1 J-». . •
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Strelb. r. t * I 1 J » ° «
Dunleavy, I." f....— » J " S9 J i J S
Eagan, lb 4 0 I 0 10 0 0
Francks. 88..:.. 8 2J0 *I5
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 1 OB 8 0
Ix>hman.c 3 } 1 0 3 2 .0
Moore. 3b -.3 I J 222 1
Hodson. p 3 0 -1 0 0 8 0
•Total*.... 2S 7 10 3 27 17 I
SACRAMENTQ.
AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A. B.
*Devereaux, bs.. ...... 4 JO I 2.10
McLaughlln. 1. *•¦.., 3 1 1 0 2 10
Cpurtney. 2b ... * 0 1 • ¦ g 2,-2
Dovle r. t" .'.'*• 0 0-8.20' 0
McQueen. c.f...... 8 0 10 0 0 0
Hanlon. lb... f 1 12 J 1 1
StAnlev c..." 4 0 10 1 3. ,0
ihteha'n. 3b 8 0 20 38.0
Shea. D » ~ 0 ¦ 0 0 0 . • J 1
Harper, p. ••••.•• i oo o 2, o . o
: Tptals -.31 8 7 8^24 I« 1
?. ••.. RUNS AND HJTS BY INXINGS.
)a.kland -1 0.3 2 0 0 J : 0 ' «^. '
Babe hits,, ..1 11 2 1 0 4 0 '«— It
laeramento ..,...;. ...'.8 0.0 0 0 0 1 0 (N- 1
Base hits ...2 1 0 a 0 0 J.l't!
Won.
ian Francldbo 88.
x>s Angeles 30
>acrarnento 23
hikland 28
Lost.
26
26
. 33
34
P.C.
.581
" ' .536
.443
.433
AB. R. BII, SB. PO.'A. E.
Brockhcff;- -r: ¦ f . . 4 1 ¦ 2 0 0 * J C
Reitz, 2b. .;..;'..-.¦-.,. 4 0. 1-0 3-2 1
Householder,' e. f..V. 5 ¦ 0 »2 0 0 fl 0
Spies, o ..:.;. 3 '2 0 1 5 2 8
Hutohinson," lb:'..... 3 0 0. 1 10 • 0 B
C. Reiily. 3b..... 3 1 2 6 2 3 0
Kelly, ss.- 3 0 0 0 3 3 1
Bowman, 1. t 4 -.2 1 1 4 0 0
Hale, p ,. SO 0 0 0 5 0
Hartwell, p 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals ............ ?3 6 8 -3 27 16 2
SA"N FItAKCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. c. t. 2 110 2 0 1
Hildebrand: 1. t..:.. 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Schwartz. 2b i 0 0 0 1 1 2
Pabst, lb -....-: 3 1 0 0 8 0 1
KruK. ss 5 0 2 0 110
Nordkye, r. i.. ...... S 0 2 0 5 12
,T. ReiHy, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Graham, c.:.. 3 1,1 1 R 0 0
Evans, p 3 0 1 0 0-1 0
Totals 30 3 9 1 24 7 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
La* Angeleg 0 2 6 0 8 110 •— 6
Base hits 1- 2 0 0 2 2 1 0 •— 8
San Francisco..'. 0 0 0 0 2 10 0 0—3
Base hits.... 0 1112 12 10—9
SUMMARY.
ANGELES.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, c. f 6 0 1 0' 0 1 0
Kildebrand, I. f 6 0 1 0 4 0 0
Schwartz, 2b fi 1 1 6 S 3 1
Pabst, 1b 5 0 2 0 15 1 0
ICrugr, es .-... 5 0 10 2 « 0
Xordyke, r. f 5 12 12 2 0
J. Rellly. 3b 5 6 10 4 5 0
qraham, c 5 13 0 4 0 0
Ibure, p .". '. 5 0 2 0 2 10
Totals 48 S 14 1 . 36 19 3
LOS ANGELES.
1 AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, r. i...t... 6 1 2 0 3 2 0
Reitz, 2b 6 0 10 2 2 1
Householder, c. f.... 5 0 2 6 2 0 0
Spies, c 5 0 10 7 0 0
Hutchinson. lb 5 12 12.00
C. Reilly. Sb 5 6 10 3 4 0
Kelly, es 5 0 3 0 6 6 0
Bowman. \. t 5 0 0 1 J 1 0
Hartwell, p 5 6 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 47 2 12 2 36 14 , 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Prancisco.O 0001000100 1— 3
Base hits.....O 10010113 2 1 4— 14
Lo? Angeles 0 01000001000^-3
Base hits 0 1201201301 1—12
: Tptals -.31 8 7 8^24 I« 1
?. ••.. RUNS AND HJTS BY INXINGS.
)a.kland -1 0.3 2 0 0 J : 0 ' «^. '
Babe hits,, ..1 11 2 1 0 4 0 '«— It
laeramento ..,...;. ...'.8 0.0 0 0 0 1 0 (N- 1
Base hits ...2 1 0 a 0 0 J.l't!
•Total*.... 2S 7 10 3 27 17 I
SACRAMENTQ.
AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A. B.
*Devereaux, bs.. ...... 4 JO I 2.10
McLaughlln. 1. *•¦.., 3 1 1 0 2 10
Cpurtney. 2b ... * 0 1 • ¦ g 2,-2
Dovle r. t" .'.'*• 0 0-8.20' 0
McQueen. c.f...... 8 0 10 0 0 0
Hanlon. lb... f 1 12 J 1 1
StAnlev c..." 4 0 10 1 3. ,0
ihteha'n. 3b 8 0 20 38.0
Shea. D » ~ 0 ¦ 0 0 0 . • J 1
Harper, p. ••••.•• i oo o 2, o . o
U AIVUA(1 J-». . •
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Strelb. r. t * I 1 J » ° «
Dunleavy, I." f....— » J " S9 J i J S
Eagan, lb 4 0 I 0 10 0 0
Francks. 88..:.. 8 2J0 *I5
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 1 OB 8 0
Ix>hman.c 3 } 1 0 3 2 .0
Moore. 3b -.3 I J 222 1
Hodson. p 3 0 -1 0 0 8 0
Won.
ian Francldbo 88.
x>s Angeles 30
>acrarnento 23
hikland 28
Lost.
26
26
. 33
34
P.C.
.581
" ' .536
.443
.433
AI)VEBT3:ST;TVrF.TTTS.
|Pj|| at once that impure spjl
raH' touches it; why we g&3
"^j your physician knows §%?«
I x\ 'Phone Main4«'\ Sherwood &Sher- KSj
hcjSA *aod, 212 Market St., Saa Francisco BKjjMISS DAISY BARKER. LIVERMORE'S LOVELY GODDESS OF LIBERTY,
WHO RODE IN YESTERDAY'S PARADE, AND ONE OF THE AT
TRACTIVE floats Forming part of the procession.
"Woodland Has a Winning Gait.
WOODLAND, July 4.— Woodland main
tains the winning gait and defeated Sac
ramento to-day in a fast game. Score 8
to 5.
-Gilroy's celebration drew out almost the
entire population of the southern end of
the county. Wiliam Stayton was grand
marshal of the parade.
At College Park Judge Lewis was the
orator of the day. The literary and pa
triotic exercises were ' . well attended.
Mountain View, Almaden and some of the
smaller towns also had celebrations.
The school children of Saratoga had
charge of the celebration at that place and
these young Americans showed how they
could arouse patriotism; There- was a pa
rade and a picnic at Saratoga Grove. J.
E. Richards of San Jose delivered the
oration.
Athletic sports occupied the afternoon, and
this evening there was a grand ball.
The morning parade .was the feature of
the day. AlissRuby Abbott, elected god
dess of liberty by • popular vote; .Miss
Elma Miller as California, - and Miss
Laura Metz^ goddess , of the Elks," ; under
whose ayspices the celebration was given,
each occupied a magnificent float and.ex
cited enthusiastic greeting. -.; Jesse W.
SALINAS, July 4.— The most successful
celebration ever held in Salinas occurred
to-day. Ten thousand visitors were here
from surrounding towns, including..four
teen carloads of excursionists from San
Jose. The famous San Jose Elks min
strel aggregation appeared in the evening/
For those who love sports there was
coursing at Coursing- Park, with a forty-'
I eight dog stake as the principal attrac
tion, and the annual road race to Santa
Monica. In the race L. Durrell, with a
handicap of I 1 /* minutes, won first place,
time, 48 minutes 47 seconds, and F. Flor
entine (scratch) made the best time, : 43
minutes 48% seconds. H. Overholtzer was
the first to finish, but was disqualified for
starting ahead of time. The distance was
eighteen miles.
TTOFSANDS THEONG SALINAS.
This afternoon there were concerts at
all the principal parks with public pa
triotic exercises at Hazard's- Pavilion, in
cluding an address by Mayor Snyder, an
oration by Judge "\V: A. Cheney and a
musical and literary entertainment. The
day closed with an elaborate pyrotechnic
display at West Lake Park.
LOS ANGELES, July 4.-The celebra
tion of the Fourth began here last night
and has continued since with the utmost
regularity and eclat. Officially the cele
bration began at 10 o'clock this morning
with a band concert in Central Park.
Then the Pioneers of Los Angeles and
San Bernardino counties assembled- in
picnic at East Lake Park and at 11 a. m.
listened to an address by Mayor Snyder.
Picnics were also held under the auspices
of the A. O. U. W. and G. A. R. at Ter
minal Island and the Los Anfeles Camera
Club held its celebration at Santa Mon
ica Canj'on.
Day in the South.
Success Attends "'Observance of the
The superb style in which Miss Grace
I. Davis of San Francisco, accompanied
by Mrs. W. G. Fonda, sang "The Star-.
Spangled Banner" inspired the- audience
to a high degree of enthusiasm. The gift
ed artist secured many recalls and grace
fully responded to the salute of veterans.
Miss Marie Lawler of San Francisco cap
tivated the veterans by a rendition r of
banjo solos. The reading of the Declara
tion of Independence by George T. de
Colmesniel, recitations by Miss Edith C.
Sarll, Miss Evelyn D. Mitchell and Miss
Pauline Aaron; remarks by Colonel
George W. Walts, commandant, and mu
sical selections by the orchestra of ' the
home were interesting features of an ad
mirable programme. A fine display, of
fireworks this evening was viewed with
admiration by the veterans dwelling at
the institution and by many other resi
dents in this section of Napa Valley.
MERRIMENT AT LOS ANGELES.
TOUNTVILLE, July 4.— The Fourth of
July was celebrated in fine style at the
Veterans' Home of California. Henry C.
Gcsford of Napa, the orator of the occa
sion, delivered an eloquent address which
evoked cheers from the assembled vet
erans. The utterances which called forth
the greatest enthusiasm and commenda
tion were those pronouncing against any
alliance with England now or in the years
to come. The speech was patriotic and
American- In tone from the start to finish.
Have a Notable Time.
Residents at the Yountville Home
CHEERS FROM THE VETERANS
North of Wood'and. An old fashioned
barbecue was one of the drawing cards
of the day. The afternoon was spent in
sports of various kinds, the principal
feature being the fiesta. Several skilled
vaqueros came from San Francisco and
entertained the large crowd with marvel
ous feats of horsemanship.
Celebration in Solano County.
SUISUN. July 4.— Fairfield, the county
seat of Solano County, -celebrated Inde
pendence Day. for. the first time, in the
history of the town. The event has been
well advertised and was largely attended,
Vacaville. Dixon, Elmira, Denverton and
Codelia being represented. In the morning
there was a parade and literary exercises.
An address w^ delivered by Arthur. W.
NAPA, July 4.— The Fourth was cele
brated here to-day under the auspices of
the Eagle Cycling Club. The city was
crcwded with people. 'A parade was held
in the forenoon and was made up of com
panies of the Fire Department, wheelmen,
decorated carriages, society and business
fiesta Companies? G of Alameda and E
of Santa Rosa, with Company H of Napa.
representing the Fifth Regiment, formed
an interesting feature of the uarade. Ma
jor Juilliard of Santa Rosa was in com-
At the East. Napa Pavilion the literary
exercises were held. Judge C. S. Mc
laughlin of Plumas County delivered the
oration. Raymond Benjamin was presi
dent of the day, Robert McKnight read
the Declaration of Independence and Ar
thur H. Brown was grand marshal of
the parade. His chief aid was Dr. T. H.
Stice of the Napa State Hospital. Mrs.
W. S. Alexander, who was chosen by pop
ular vote. Impersonated the Goddess of
Liberty. : - : •
Participate'in the Parade.
Three National Guard Companies
GALA SCENES AT NAP A.
March at the Capital.
SACRAMENTO, July A.— The Fourth of
July was celebrated in this city in a-h ap
propriate manner today. The weather
was cool and pleasant. Large numbers of
people came from surrounding towns.
There was a splendid parade of military
and civic societies, Secretary of State
Charles F. Curry acting as gTand mar
shal. Literary exercises were held in the
State Agricultural Pavilion. The Rev.
John F. Quinn was the chaplain. Bishop
W. H. Morrel of the Episcopal Church
delivered the oration, John V. Powers
read the Declaration of Independence and
Hiss Florence Kelly recited a poem.
The local Caledonian Society had a pic
nic at East Park and the people of Oak
Park, a suburb of Sacramento, gave a bar
-hecue and literary exercises.
Many Military and Civic Societies
SAN DIEGO, July 4.— The Fourth cf
July was celebrated here with the moat
elaborate programme ever attempted in
this city. The forenoon was devoted to
an elaborate street parade, in which all
the military, civic, secret organizations
and the trades participated.
At the close of the parade at least 10,000
people assembled en the public square,
where the Declaration of Independence
was read, followed by a Fourth of July
oration and the singing of patriotic sons*
by a chorus of 300 voices. All business
was suspended for the day, miles of bunt
ing of the national colors lined the cen
ter of the city, and generally the cv.
dences of patriotism were never, more :n
display here.
BIG PARADE AT SACRAMENTO
Declaration of Independence.
Ten Thousand People listen to the
PATRIOTISM AT SAN DIEGO
SANTA CRUZ. July 4.— Camp Wallace
Reynolds was deserted to-day, as all the
veterans assisted in the celebration in this
city. They had charge of the flag-raising
at 9 o'clock at the lower plaza and the
salute was fired by the Naval Reserves.
At 10 o'clock there was a band concert.
The oration was by J,udge Burnett of
Santa Rosa; Miss Minnie Cope read the
Declaration of Independence, and Miss
Kate Bauter sang "The Star Spanjded
Banner." The chaplain was the Rev. C.
O. Tlllotson.
In the afternoon there were races and
games at Dolphin Park, a concert at the
beach and in the evening fireworks at the
beach. At Camp Wallace Reynolds the
members of the G. A. R. held a reunion at
the assembly tent. ~
nett of Santa Rosa.
Oration Is Delivered by Judge Bur-
VETERANS . AT - SANTA CRTTZ
ocean beaches. Mayor-elect L. O. Steph
ens'was marshal of the day parade and
W. Parker Lyon was Rex of the night
carnival, with G. V. Martin as Queen.
FRESNO, July 4.— In Fresno to-day was
held the Tirincipal celebration In the val
ley, and the city was crowded with visi
. tors from the neighboring towns with the
exception of Madera and Hartford, which
. had home celebrations. The weather vias
delightfully cool.
¦•The celebration was a general one.', with
<JecoratiptiB i of . streets, a., parade, literary
fxercispp/frt the court house- park, with
IS..]C. PainswGrth of Visalia as the ora
ton horse, races and a shambattle, with
. the twp;FreptM> ajid. the 'Visalia companies
(.¦participating- ..at the race track; . bicycle
rates fo the afternoon, concluding- with a
' paradfe, of Horribles -to-night and' more
'rapee/at the' -Velodrome.
• ' { ft ins one'ofUhe most elaborate cele
• b/aU<jns rn"t"he valley held. in. a long-time
. ft/id bepoug'htiout .great crowds, despite the
. BUmraer . season , In ¦. th« mountains and
Part, in the Jubilation.
San Joaquin Valley Residents Take
VISITORS CEOWD INTO FRESNO
The decorated vehicle parade was elab
orate. The prizes were as follows: Single
rigs, first. Mrs. Frank W. Johnson; sec
< nd. Miss Coombs; third. Misses Ethel
naird. Phoebe Pinney; double rig, first,
the Misses Berg; second. Miss Dora On
stott; third. Misses Elaine Wilbur and
Bortha Cornforth.
j Grateful for the manifold and Inestimable
, blessings we enjoy .as Children of a free eoun
i try. and duly mindful. I trust, of the sacred
j duties and grave responsibilities resting on
: us as heir? end guardians of a nation born of
e Just and righteous revolution, tre come agraln
So-day to reaffirm our devotion, to rededlcate
and reconsecrate our minds and hearts to the
flair and the union of Washington.
: Standing in the sunlight of liberty, an ex
ample of what a free t*ople. led by wise coun
?"•1 and moved by intelligent and self-denying
fratriotlsm. can accomplish, we, the children
l>f immortal men and fpheritors of their works
fend glory. come to celebrate our nation's
to'rth and to rekindle ithe fires of loyalty in
ipur hearts, to recall and recount the heroic
feacrifiopp and the willing martyrdom of our
•?ancestor*, who. upon a hundred fields, in enow
jand Joe and rain and storm, in the heat of
(noon and <hill of nlcht. gallantly strove and
•grandly <3i»d to make vthis new world of
.'.promise the renting j lace and home of free-
J dom forever.
; ; Great pwbtenm of Fovernment, of adminis
tration, involving the proper development and
preservation of our natural resource*, the )u
. d'.cioas fortpring and encouragement of our
k alrr-ady varied industries, the increase «f do
meytic trade and the expansion of our for
*. eitrn commerce, the prosperity and happiness
I t snd perhaps tl-.p jwrretuity of our country
, pro preertng ur«n us. . Oh, let us not fall.
Let not the Ftrupgles of our ancestors be in
tain. Let not the holy cause of freedom suf
*' fer in cur hands. Oh, let not the taered
• fhartos of the immortal dead censure us; let
not the ra-d lips of a posterity re
rrcacU us for der«Heti'*n of- our high duty to
God. to truth, **o co'^ifry. Let it be pro
clcimea in distant apis: They excelled their
fathrre In Jove ..of lltirty and in fidelity to
the constitution -and transmitted to grateful
children the flag and tthe union of Washing
ton. _ * ' ~ r *;- .
Patriotism is not dfid. The mighty voices
¦ of other and heroic ilmee are heard to-day.
The clad and insplrlr.fr' mujsic of old Independ
ence Bell Is still rinplng.. The cannon of .Lex
inctoji and Bunker Bill reverberate through
out ttuf land. .The fcnartous "•}-«,. the heaving
hrrast; the unlv«rsa.I#Jo> - , the rtiyrled lips that
make the vault of heaven vocal with songB of
rratitude and praise, all. all attest, all pro
r'sJm that patrloti«m neither slumbers nor
crows cold In the American heart. —.•,'.
MARTSVILLB. July 4.— The largest
j crow d in fifteen year* in Marysvllle to-day
• celebrated the Fourth. Samuel M. Short
ridge delivered an He said in
I Part: t i
Throughout Interior.
liant Parades and Jubilation
Addresses by Prominent Men, Bril-
Genera! arrangements — J_ O. McKown, Wil
liam' Mclver. A. L.. Young, Ross Davis, A. L..
Henry and M. G. Callarhan.
Floats— OJeorjre Beck. L. Jaccard, M. Schoen
feM and W. P. Thome.
Mcsic— TV. P. Thome, D. A. Smith, 3>L San
derFon.
F>ecorations— II. Schoenfeld. Edward Stewart,
-."orton Fletcher. Hoes Davis.
Refreshments— Fred Mally, Fred Young, Wil
liam Walker. Ben Carroll.
Floor— John Hunter. Ross Davis, E. A. Gerst,
William Mclver. B. Warroan.
LOYAL PEOPLE
CELEBRATE IN
STATE CITIES
Frpra first to last the celebration was
pronounced the most elaborate and suc
cessful in the history of Livermore. The
fete was planned and carried out by the
following committees, appointed from
Company I:
The festivities closed with a military
ball at night and an electrical illumination
on the streets, substituted for fireworks
at the request of citizens who were mind
ful of the danger from f.res.
At n o'clock serious pursuits like racing
and dancing were cleared from the pro
gramme to give full sway to a procession
of "Horribles." which proved to be one of
the most pleasing exhibits of the day.
All the afternon the Fifth Regiment
band played concert pieces from a hotel
veranda on the main street.
Out of doors the soldier boys arranged
a sham battle, after which came games
and races on the public streets. The fire
companies gave an exhibition drill, and
there were bicycle and foot races over a
measured course, besides sack races and
other events over no course in particular.
A band of music in the armory soon set
tue young people tripping the mazes of a
dance. This feature of the celebration
lasted till late in the afternoon.
Thfe phieton of the Messrs. Stephen?,
dont in tTilliant red, attracted special at
tention and was awarded the prize offered
l>y ((he rranagement for the best decorated
conveyance.
Jfie Goddess of Liberty, personated by
Mils Daisy Barker, was greeted with
cheers all along the line of march. : The
forty-five tots representing their native
Sutos formed an attractive group.
After the parade there was an intermis
ptfin for lunch. At 1:30 p. m. the patriotic
liferary exercises w-ere held in the Farm
ers' Union Theater."
Literary Exercises at Theater.
/ George Beck, president of the day. made
t few remarks introducing "William Mac
<lona!d. who aroused his hearers with a
plowing tribute to the glorious destiny of
the American republic.
Miss Grace Wells read the Declaration
of Independence.
Rec<jnd divMon— Float reoresentins the in
duftriifs of "leasanton. the Pleasanton Fire
IVpartrrient. ' the local chapters of the Danla
Sor-ietr. the members of the local Grand Army
jx>sts and tfc«,G. "A. Jt. float.
Tfcini div-slon— Pleasanton Military Band,
I'ncle Sam drum . major, and trades exhibits
from Si-jpfn/Fs houses in Livermore, Tesla and
Pieas» nton, .
Kourtb d'vlsloiv— Private rlgis, decorated with
flowers, rf>bons and bunting: in the national
color* or itherwise. •
First division-Float of Goddess of Liberty
xrith forty-nv« little eiris in costume repre
senting the Sta es of the union, and her escort.
Company I. Jifth Regiment. >.'. G. C. led
by the Fifth fi^ETiment Band, Grand Marshal
Frank Tennor oommandinff. ¦ '
OAKLAXM July 4.— The plucky
determli/itlon of Company I to
give Lh/rmoie an all-day Fourth
of July/celebration, with all the
recogrnixed features of such an
event, resulted In a great day
for th« people of the valley town
and vicinity. "She boys planned and exe
cuted a grenuije old-style celebration of
the national fcaliday.
The day's started with the
civic and milfary parade at 10:20 in the
morning. Thq handsomely decorated pri
•vate rigs In tie line of march were a lead
ing feature of the procession, which was
madfr up of tW following divisions:
LIVERM0RE CELEBRATES THE GLORIOUS FOURTH
WITH TRUE OLD-FASHIONED AMERICAN SPIRIT
Valley Tow/n Observes Nation's Natal Day With Festivities Extending From Early Dawn
Till Midnight, Including Processions and Games in the Streets, Oratory and
Patriotic Music at Literary . Exercises and Grand Military Ball 1 in the Evening
Bryan delivered an oration. Miss Louise
Estabrook read the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. An original poem by District
Attorney J. H. Anderson and the singing
of the "Star Spangled Banner" by Mrs.
E. Eberty of Monterey were pleasing fea
tures of the literary exercises, at which
Superior Judge N. A. Dorn presided.
EXERCISES IN MANY TOWNS.
Patriotic' Citizens of Santa "Clara
County Hold Big Celebrations.
SAN JOSE, July 4.— Throughout Santa
Clara County, ! with the exception of this
city, the Fourth was celebrated with more
than usual pomp and noise. San Jose for
the first time in years had no celebration,
all efforts of her citizens having been
directed to the late rose carnival and re
ception to President McKInley. This gave
•the various towns of the county a chance
to celebrate. .Santa Clara, Saratoga, Los
Gatos, College Park, Gilroy, Mountain
View and Palo Alto all observed the day,
and .the citizens of the county attended.
San Joseans were well represented at all
the Places— in fact the Garden City fur
nished oratory for all the towns but Gil
roy.
¦ At Santa Clara there. was a big affair.
The day opened with a gun salute. .In the
forenoon there was a parade of three di
visions, with John Roll as grand -marshal.
Following this were musical and literary
exercises. \ Louis W, Bond was president
of the day. Aloysius Foley read the Dec
laration of Independence - and ~ George
Therrot an original poem. iW. A. Beasly
of San Jose delivered the oration.
Los Gatos had a good parade.' George
Emerson was marshal. Patriotic exer
cises were held at Bunker Hill Park. A
fine musical programme was rendered.
Frank H. Benson of San Jose was " the
orator. The Declaration of Independence
was read by R. F. Robertson. The after
noon was devoted to athletic events.
State Senator Charles M. Shortridge
delivered an address at Palo Alto. A mu
sical and literary programme was given.
CELEBRATION IN THE STATE
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL,; FRIDAY, JULY 5, 1901.
5
• - • . ADVERTISEMENTS. ' _^ ~-
-:'•¦¦¦.- , -.¦ - - - ¦ \ ¦ .. . . - • -— - - - -- '
Hi .. : — =r . — ... ¦" i i iim " hi iii'J
Spent most of your money Fourth
of July? Well, that need not prevent
your buying a new suit now— it doesn't s !g|r
take much money at our sale —^good jQ,
suits and overcoats are going at $6.65. /f^^mW^k
If you were unfortunate enough to M^m^Mm
have, had a hole burnt in your s uit.^»5iM||
during the celebration you are fortu-.^^Qp^|^pj|,
nate now in being able to replace jt at fes|sllp
a. small cost. Also pants at $K85 for I
unfortunates. This sale comes just in Il/»ii3
the/'nickof-time/V ; . .. .. .. - - ¦-'I^KM
The clothes are union made and were good bar- ra lii^Sf ;
gains at their former prices. The. patterns are desirable 8$ MiSMW
and the lot represents quite an assortment. Money back ESffflifffll '
if you don't want to keep the clothes;' a year's repairing |!i S|||S®j :
Suits • Overcoats' Trousers | \l|f^ i
Sack suits in cheviots The overcoats are Worsted trousers in r itf?) I
of light patterns .• and ; coverts in three stylish swell patterns of checks \jfljp 1 v ¦
blue serges in fall and shades of tan, brown and stripes: sizes from . x^^ 1)1
summer weights; sizes and olive; the price for- 30 to 44 waist and up to & . \H| h :A .
to fit everybody, even merly was $10.00; every 36 length; Rood for wear -. ».y" - fl! | **a \
the short and stout; one of the overcoats in with coat and vest of \* Hi I W
prices reduced, from this lot has been marked darker color: reduced . ._ . j^ i-
$8.50, $10 and $12.50 to down to ' from $3.00 to £ , tS*j|j i^^^
rf» X. z' /^ s' z' . . . r^ q . * 1 ". Ata^* 'tm ¦*?fi^£' • I
For One Thirty=Five
«3T->^- ¦ Here is a snap for the unlucky young- y^^^^K !'
frs-~-ms^r*%. sters who over-celebrated the Fourth and w&&^*h^&Zk 1
lf|# burnt holes in their clothing, too. The \
yjjjQ^J^-TmjL mothers ought not tos^old the boys much &F \
S-^^r^ when they can buy new suits at these —ora^^^s^ ' :
mW^^^^^^fi Boys' Vestee Suits, striped worsteds with, dou- UA |||j|'!^F
'^f^§£03&l]miSsa Boys' Fancy vests, ages 6 to 12 years, special for pill i ; 1 <
jP^SrsmbI ; Rou^h Rider Suits, ages 3 to 10, special for this sw|!; ; |frol;f I
W§M " Washable Suits, ages 3 to 10 years, reduced §j« i;| J SJjJi !
mggf Silk-front golf shirts for boys from 4 to 10 years, Hall • *Wa " I M
ssw l^M Boys' and children's summer underwear, 23c wSm tgM i ;
*|B^^ IwK Youths' white duck pants, special for this week, • jj^pg^s
need clothes, hats ¦*"' - ' clothing, • furnish- :
or furnishings. 7,18 MaPket Street. ' t ings or hats.
.AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
BALANCE OF THIS WEEK.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY Presents
"the. only way."
Original Version by Freeman .Wills.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c. 60c, 75c. '
Good Orchestra Seats . All Matinees 23c. . .
• Branch, Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week- "SECRET SERVICE."
Great cast. Including- T. Daniel Frawley.
Mary Van Buren, E. J. Morgan and Theodore
Roberts. ¦ ¦ .
vULbUbwISSIA leading theatre
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK!
Every Night (Except Sun.).' Matinee Saturday.
The Big SPECTACLE S TT TlTT| |> Tl "
CHARLES I I III I I LI U
FROHMAN'S I I 1 1 I | ffi K
COLOSSAL I I IV I 1 fl ill
PRODUCTION. LI '11 U JLJ 1 1
By Arrangement with "V^T," "^
DAVID BELASCO. ' _.
Paul M. Potter's '^^^fc
6-Act Drama. on . \^^P . .,'^
Oulda's Famous Novel. _ sffULx^
Over 100 People, ivgj smssibW ¦ • .
BLANCHE BATES TJT: K HO
B% ."CIGARETTE." V% I ! fl I
(Except Sunday). I I 1 1 I I I I I
Matinee Saturday. X UlJlw f>#
Contlnulngr Next .Week "Under Two Flags."
CHUTES ANDJZOO oa
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LUNETTE, THE MAID OF THE AIR.
¦:i'!-;: : TO-MORROW NIOHT. ¦;
CHAMPIONSHIP CAKE WALK.
Telephone for Seats, . Park 23.:
BASEBALL.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY
/\T 3:1S F». 7VI.
LOS ANGELES ysTSAN FRANCISCO.
RECREATION PARK,
' ¦ . ¦' '".¦ Eighth and Harrison street^.
AMTTSEME^TS.
AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL.
CLAYTON WHITE AND MARIE STUART.
PROSPER TROUPE, BIMM, BOMM. BRRR.
F. RICHARDS. LA MOYNE BROTHERS.
INA ALLEN, GARDNER AND VIN-
CENT. THE BIOGRAPH. EMILY LYT-
TON, CHAS. BOWSER & CO.
Reserved Seats. 25 cents: Balcony. 10 cents;
Opera chairs and box seats, E0 cent*.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
KH«fcffiWi?
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Fl-ORENCE ROBERTS
AS
SAPHO,
MATINEE TO-MORROW., H
. . NEXT WEEK-
FLORENCE ROBERTS
.FIRST TIME AS LADY TEAZLE IN
THE SCHOOL
. FOR SCANDAL,
Seats on Sale Six - Days In* Advance.
v SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
. ; Open .Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 1 a. in. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 6c.
Bathing, Including Admission, 25c. Children 20c.
HOTELS I
- . .Visitors to San Francisco -who maJEa
their headauarters at these hotels «n>
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
: be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca.
tlon, courteous attacnea and unequaloe!
cuisine, American find European plans.
H6mw|
AMTTSiaiENTS.
*TI¥Oi 1*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 1
"IT HAS CAUGHT ON BIG." ;
The New . Midsummer Extravaganza.
THE BABES
ti? e WOOD,
Book by Ferris Hartnsi.n.- -,• V
FUIed 'with the litest sonss and Jokes.
Popular Prices 23c and SOo
Telephone— Bush 9.
ii^ " unspent iuu.%
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY
EVENINGS.
Matlne* Saturday and Sunday
Special Engagement or the Great Favorite,
JAMES Al. BROPHY.
Superb Production of frank Mayo's Great Play
Davy Crockett.
PDTrCC Evenings lCc, 15c. 23c. 35c. SOo
I niVC^ Matinees 10c. 15e. 25c
Next Monday-JAilES M. FROPHY. In
William Gillette's Creat War Play,..
"HELD BY THE ENEMY."
_
FTSCHFR'^ concert house.
CHABITY MARTIN. SIG. G. S. WAN R ELL.
Anita. - Fallen. . Graham and Oreville Co.. Al
Hazard. Ingham, Viola Vignette. Murphy and
Hart.
Reserved Seats. So. - Mfetinefr Sunday.
* - ' '* s
su S h ESI 6*2^3 E^ KjijCj A n iPWSu
NEW ADVEKTTSEMENTS.
THE DOCTOBS AGREE.
Two Physicians Both Agree on the
New Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
Dr. J. M. Powell of Spokane.Wash.,
says: "Herplclde has given good satis-
faction in my family for dandruff." C
Dr. W. G. Alban of Walla Walla.
Wash., says: "I find Herplcide all that
Is claimed for it as a dandruff cure. I.
shall prescribe it." Dandruff is a, germ
disease and you can't cure it unless -j-ou
kill the dandruff germ; and you can't do
that unless you use Newbro's Herpicido,
the only preparation in the world that de-
stroys the parasites. A delightful- hair
dressing; allays itching instantly; makes j
hair glossy and soft as silk. It is a sure
dandruff destroyer. . I
8 MflRfttY
B IflllllUa I
I un This Great Train
8 V- runs but twice
I per week during
I jum Leaving at 9 am,
I it arrives In
I iiiiirnnuii Chlca9 ° at 2tl5
1 tiiiFomiii -rr
I LI Inl I I.U lUhlgil standard
B of service Is ••
I ON fully maintained. -
¦ ciiiti rc
151R1A rt
¦¦'¦ ¦¦; ' - . ¦ ¦ ___1^_1____^__
"~ ~ .'¦¦¦¦¦ '. . ~ ~ \ "
DDTTCUI7C for barbers, bak-
JDXi, U O XlJuO « rs - bootblacks, bath-
¦ .1 ¦ ... . • . •. .houses,; billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmtlls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, - printers, painters,', shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
' BUCHANAN BROS. ,.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramanto St.The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thenca
via Merced Falls, Coultervllle. Hazel Green.
Merced BiK Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal •
Veil Falls, arriving ft Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This is the most popular rou'e
and the rates are the'lowest. Ask at W:. Mar
ket at. for particulars and folder.
Best Way to the Yossmite.
"And to think." sighed Mr. Henry Peck,
after a curtain lecture of three hours,
"that it's the same woman whom it toolc
me six months to make say just 'yea.' "— •
Philadelphia Times.
Special information supplied dal':y to
business houses and public men- by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10 to 40c. Look out
for 81 Fourth, front of barber & grocery.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townseod's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
UNCLE SAM APPROVES
THE SHIRTWAIST MAN
gossiAfrom
K LOVDON'S WORLD
\ OF LETTERS
It is rather. Anarkable that two^
sive week3 s%ld see the %*£*•£
name, at any late, of two famous OW
World journals With which famous n.en
of letters were associated.
One is the Ranker; the other th e Tat
ler. In the case W the former it is not
to be considered^ new series .*»*"»•
journal starts rigl\ away with *•<>•»?•
It has the additloAof a red cover, bear
ing the picture, prtlumably. of Dr. John
son himself at dinnik
The journal looks \he same as ot yore,
with Its curious olAfashioned forms or
letters, while the ". Contributors are re
quested, among otht\ things, 'to faAor
every noun with a catttal letter.
The other chief objeils of the new Ram
bler are "the revival \i toryism, which,
has now nearly passe\ into a memory,
and free criticism evenbf the idols of the
hour; the exposition oi foreign politics,
hitherto so gravedy misWerstood. and a
return to those literary traces which IJr.
Johnson displayed in ile Rambler and
Mr. Disraeli on the hustings." .,_„,_,.
The Tatler Is a horse ofhuite a different
C °Except in name it will iot be a revival
of Isaac Bickerstaff's itper. Clement
Shorter, whose hands onelwould Imagine
were full enough with -his successful
weekly illustrated paper,' tHe Sphere, is to
6 Without Eivlne too m$nf of his Ideas
away at present, he saysUhe Tatler is to
S largely with societi and the. stage
on what he calls new lin%. For the first
time, he believes, in thislustory of Jour
nalism the doings of so&ety are to be
Illustrated, so that one wit be able to see
from week to week what las been going
on. and also to see the poif raits of those
who have taken a prominent P«t *;»*"M:T
tions of public interest, but the personal
note is to predominate. \
Personal information About People -vUl
also take up most of the spate that la not
allotted to pictures. \ •„,„.,._
As for matters theatrical.Uhe Tatler
will have an illustrated record of what is
being played at the theaters.\ As -Q'tha
illustrations, while the camera, has done
much, Mr. Shorter says an illustrated pa
per cannot do without the artist to to biff
events, because photography cfennot give
the requisite verve and true spirit oi tne
situation. He says he also proposes con
ducting the paper on the American 1 pys
tem-that is to say. with a sporting edi
tor, a fashion editor, a dramatic editcr; a
musical editor, and so on. while he lim
self la to be editor in chief.
Poor old Holy well street, in it3 day ine
of the most famous, not to say infaaxus,
streets in London, which is to be swfel
lowed up In the new avenue from Hbl
born to the Strand, is becoming a ite
jected and deserted lane. One of the mcfet
widely known and most respected boolc
folk, Mrs. Hindley. has put up her shut
ters for the last time. \
She belonged to the old Homes familr,
who were booksellers in Holywell street
in the most famous days. Mrs. Hindley' i
recollections of people under the vanA
ished conditions of trade are many anal
interesting. Her father did a great trade\
in three volume novels, and would often \
—so greatly has the trade altered— go
forth to the suburbs or the West End
with two or three such novels, to sell
them at libraries or. indeed, to anybody
he met who he knew was a likely custo
mer. In this way Mrs. Hindley has seen
the novels of Anthony Trollqpe. Miss
Braddon. Wilkle Collins, Disraeli and
many other writers distributed through
depression in trade, lack of money and
other causes when publishers have had
to put forth unusual exertions to push
likely books.
Strange have been the methods of ad
vertising. Only lately, for Instance, has
the sandwich board man been engaged fcr
advertising a novel. Formerly publi3her3
would have scorned such means of bring
ing books to the notice of the public, but
the latest takes the leading place of all.
Everybody suffers from the dropping fire
of trade circulars, yet never has been
seen anything so startling as a paper cir
culated the other day.
Imagine an official looking blue envelope
handed in at your door by a grave look
ing man of somber uniform, bearing the
words In very big black faced type,
"Final Notice." It gives the heart a.
jump and sets one wondering wha: bill
has been overlooked or what he hai been
summoned for. On opening it he finds
merely a circular from a firm of publish
ers announcing that after a certain; date
the price of some publications w!lU be
raised. Naturally, in disgust, he tears the
"Final Notice" to pieces. No; the "Filial
Notice" dodge will not make for the pop
ularity either, ot the advertiser or ot th«s
works he may publish.
. - -. •:••'¦ : ¦ ..•¦-...-... !-¦¦¦¦---• ,..-¦,'.¦'.¦ ¦.•¦-•¦•¦'¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 5, 1901.
¦ CORONADO TENT CITY, Coronado Beach.
Cal., will be ; the ' popular summer • resort ! this
season. It -became famous laat year for com
fort, entertainment : and health. , Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexcelled.^".-..
Quite a number of Southern statesmen have agreed
it is time for the South to furnish the country with a
f President, but the people will continue to loolr to 1
Ohio. '
The popular song in New York just now is: "How
Would You Like to Be the Ice Man?"
Alaska, but there are good reasons for believing there
will be a change before long and that our side of the
line will be the big gold country of the north.
The Klondike continues to send .out more gold than
J. Sterling Morton, who has long been an author
ity on tree-planting, says in a recent number of the
Conservative that every twenty-four , hours the con
sumption of wood in one form or another in this
country equals all that can be produced on 25,000
acres, and that the new acreage planted every day
does not exceed twenty-five acres. On that showing 1
it will not be long before we begin to feel a shortage.
* Bryan continues to announce that he is not a candi
date for any office, but his advice to Democrats is" not
to ; allow^ a. man to be placed upon any committee,
county, State or national/unless he is a believer in the
Kansas City platform.
A new horse disease is prevalentin'New York City.
It is'saidthat out of the 28,000 horses reported in the
horse census upward of 5000- have had- the disease so
severely as to. require treatment, and 10,000 more have
had it in a mild form. ; , .• . - •0*; ,.;i: •
That famous reform combination that. was going to
drive Tammany out of New York politics has already
divided and some of the members are now fighting the
others. Croker evidently knew what would happen
when he went to England and left the reformers a free
hand for. a while. .'-< ¦
The Chinese Government pays us a high compli
ment in asking us to collect the claims for indemnity
made by Chinamen against European governments,
but it will have to pass with thanks, for up to date we
have not been able to collect our own claims against
Turkey and consequently are in no condition to under
take a general collection agency. ,
To arguments of that kind it is not likely the oppo
nents of the Ministry can make an answer that will be
satisfactory to. the average voter, and consequently
Salisbury will not lack "support- in carrying on the
That statement does" not correspond to the facts so
far as they have been made known to the world, but it
served Salisbury.as a sort of basis upon which to build
up his appeal. His argument", is that the empire has
been assailed and that the British are fighting not
for conquest, but for the preservation of their terri
tory. Thus he went on to say: "Unless we now ful
fill the professions that have been constantly held and
determinedly made, we shall expose every part of our
dominions to those who have hated us and have
ceased to fear us." .Pressing the point .further he
added: "If you allow the belief to arise that you are
unable or unwilling to defend your own territory you
will soon find you have no territory to defend."
In speaking of the causes that led up to the war,
he said: "We are defending the King's territory
against invasion by neighbors who, in international
law, had no complaint against us and who were actu
ated merely by a greed for territory and the desire of
enlarging their dominions. That was the motive that
stimulated them. The motive that ought to actuate us
is a determination to defend to the utmost the rights
of the King and the sanctity of our frontier."
LORD SALISBURY'S WARNING.
BY way of reply to the opponents of the war in
South Africa, Lord Salisbury has recently de
clared that the empire cannot turn back; that
the war was forced upon his Government by the Boers
and that now to abandon the struggle or to make any
compromise would virtually mean a surrender of em
pire itself.
Ex-Senator Chandler of the Spanish Claims Com
mission is reported to have said recently that "tte
cause of the destruction of the Maine is an open
question." It will be^-seen that in his new office the
former Senator has attained a "very judicial frame of
mind, and will not decide upon anything until he has
heard further argument.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Garrison Turner of Modesto Is at the
Grand.
Milton McWhorter, a prominent oil man
of Bakersfield, is staying at the Grand.
J. B. Bo wen, a irominent attorney of
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Occidental.
T. H. Lawrence, a mining man of Den
ver, arrived here, yesterday and is at the
Occidental.
Frank Carr, accompanied by his wife,
left yesterday for a two weeks' visit to
Anderson Springs.
George F. Ellis, a prominent mining man
who resides at Santa Barbara, is at the
Lick for a few days.
"A. M. McDonald, superintendent of the
Rawhide mine at Jamestown, is In the
city on business and is staying at the
Lick. .
G. Pacheco. one of the most prominent
horse breeders in the State and an exten
sive landowner of Ignaclo, is a guest at
the Grand.
W.L. Carter, a well-known merchant of
Santa Rosa, accompanied by his wife, ar
rived in the city yesterday. They are
staying at the Occidental.
Harry Brennan and his bride left on the
overland last evening for an extended tour
of the East. They intend making stops at
Denver, Chicago, Niagara, the Buffalo
Exposition, New York, Boston, Washing
ton and other cities. They expect to be
gone about two months.
There should be no long delay in getting the sys
tem installed. The feasibility of the new telegraphy is
no longer a matter of doubt. It was in this city that
its availability for dispatching news was first demon
strated by the success of The Call in obtaining a re
port of the arrival of the transport bringing home the
California Volunteers. That being so, this city cer
tainly should not be the last to have the system estab
lished as a permanent part of the Government service.
This is but another of the many proofs of the effi
ciency of the wireless service, and it is therefore grat
ifying to recall that the. Weather Bureau has been au
thorized by. Secretary Wilson to install a wireless ser
vice between this city and the Farallones. Even from
that point important information can be sent to the
city, but when the shipping of the Pacific Ocean is
supplied with the telegraphic apparatus and vessels
can send messages to the city from 200 miles or more
at sea, it will be possible for the Weather Bureau to
make much more thorough studies of the weather
and more accurate forecasts of the movements of
storms and winds.
A new illustration, of the increasing utility of the
service is furnished in the reports from Toronto of
the successful operation of wireless telegraphy between
points 300 miles distant. The dispatch was sent from
the steamer Lake Champlain and announced that she
wouid pass Cape Ray at a given time. It is said the
message was easily read at the cape, and from there
was 2t once sent to the company's offices at Montreal
and Toronto. It is added that the Marconi system
was used and that the success of the experiment will
confirm the Dominion Government in its purpose to
extend a wireless telegraph system along the coasts
of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, the Bay of Fundy
and the Gulf of St Lawrence. Finally it is stated that
after leaving Great Britain the steamer sent a message
to the shore when 200 miles at sea.
DISPATCHING reports by wireless telegraphy
is no longer a matter of marvel or even of any
particular note. Such methods of sending news
have now become among the commonplaces of the
day, and it is only when some extraordinary feature is
associated with the event that it is thought worth
while to give it place among important items of news.
It happens, however, that such extraordinary things
are by no means infrequent, for while it is true that
in the rapid advance of wireless telegraphy that which
was wonderful yesterday is but an ordinary affair to
day, yet that same advance carries the art forward so
that what was an ideal to be hoped for on one day be
comes the unexpected reality of another.
ANOTHER WIRELESS PEAT.
CHRIS BUCKLEY-C. R., City. Chris
topher Buckley is a native of the State
of New York. "
\ PANNE-Reader, King City, Cal. Panne
is French for woolen velvet and is pro
nounced in that language the same as it
written in English pan. with the same
pronunciation as pan in Pandora.
B \NK COMMISSIONERS-New Sub
scriber. San Jose, Cak The Bank Com
missioners of California are appointed by
the Governor for a term of four years at
an annual. salary of $3600. The salary of
the secretary of the board is $2400.
COLORED POPULATION- J. K. D.,
South San Francisco, Cal. The census bu
reau has not yet given out the figures of
the population of the United States by
color or race. Until It does it will be im
possible to give the ratio of the colored
population to the white.
LONGEST DAY-C. E. H., City. The
longest day in the year in this latitude is
the 21st of June. That Is, the longest part
of the day when there is no occasion for
artificial light. A day is always of twen
ty-four hours, reckoned from the stand
point of time.
HALF-DOLLAR— Subscriber. Grass Vel
ley, Cal-. A half-dollar of 1S05, while it
is a curiosity, is not one of the coins for
which coin collectors offer a premium. The
catalogues of Eastern dealers show that
such are offered for sale at prices varying
from $1 50 to $2. There are but very few
coins that command a premium from
those wlio deal in old coins. ...
HAWAIIAN COIN-F. F., City. Con
gress at its last held session did not make
any law regarding Hawaiian coins since
the change of government, but by common
consent the coin of the Hawaiian Govern
ment, being of the decimal character, is
accepted on the islands the same as that
of United States mintage. In this city
there Is a sll&ht discount on Hawaiian
coinage. .
TO PREPARE L ROSE JAR-C. S.,
City. The following Is given as a method
for preparing a rose jar: Sun-dry a quan
' tity of the leaves of the Black. Prince,
Pauline or other fragrant roses. Place
these in a- fancy jar, add some cloves and
cinnamon and a little alcohol, just enough
to moisten the ieaves; then place the jar
for a time in the sun, where it may be
come warm, but not hot. The cover must
be kept on while- in the sun. After that
¦when the cover Is removed a most de
lightful fragrance Is emitted from the jar.
EARLY SACRAMENTO FLOOD-E. P.
R., San Jose, Cal. The flood at Sacra
mento In the early days was not in 1S49,
but In 1850. On the 8th of that month the
river rose to such a height that it over
flowed the ievee along J street, between
First and Third. / Subsequently it inun
dated the whole city. ; The waters did not
recede until the end: of the month. A
letter from that city received by- the
steamer Senator, then plying between that
city and San Francisco, mentions the fact
that lumber in the overflowed city was
selling at from $220 to $225 per thousand
feet. . • : . . ' .
-.-.-. i ¦ ,. -
SURVEYORS— J. R., St. John, Cal. A
person who seeks to obtain a license as a
surveyor In the- State of _ California must
present to the State Surveyor General a
certificate that he is a person of ( good
moral character; also a certificate signed
by three licensed surveyors or : a . certifi
cate signed by the board of examining
surveyors, which shall set forth that the
person named is,* in the opinion of the
persons signing the certificate, a ' fit" and
competent person to receive a license. The
duties of surveyors are set out at length
in the general laws of California, edition
of 1900," page 18L . - : -:¦ ;¦ . .-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES..
/-r^HE postmen of the capital think Uncle Sam is the grandest man in the
I -world for he has just issued an order, signed by the Postmaster General.
- I permitting letter carriers to wear shirt-waists on their rounds during the
""^"SbTrTasher can touch Uncle Sam in the originality and design of the
LmA waist which is to be permitted. It is a coat-shirt, and is provided with
d^leTTalls One set of tails 'Is within the trousers in the old-fashioned way.
Tha other set dangles outside;, just as if masquerading as coattails.
These coat-shirts have collars attached. They slip on like a coat however.
Either suspenders of belts may be worn with them. The orders are that they be
madfout of ngnt-welght summer material, perfectly washable and of uniform
C0l( ? O Tne of the more conservative postmen who are content to wear a coat on
duty St glad that the use of the duplex-tail shirt-waist-coat is not compulsory,
but most If the advanced dressers on the postofflce force will soon appear on
?hPir rrmnds in the new creation. . The name of the inventor is kept a secret.
FRONT AND BACK VIEWS OF THE COAT-SHIRT PROVIDED WITH
DUPLEX TAILS. WHICH IS TO BE WORN BY LETTER CARRIERS
DURING THE SUMMER MONTHS.
The Mail should not generalize from insufficient
data, and because it finds restricted grazing harmless
in private forests, conclude that unrestricted grazing
would be harmless in public forests.
Contrast this with the timbered States of this coun
try. "Where are the valuable hardwood forests of
Central New York? Cleared off and burned in log
heaps to make indifferent farm land. Where' are the
beech, maple, oak, black walnut and catalpa forests
of Indiana? Girdled and burned to get land that
raises fifteen bushels of corn to the acre, and is soon
surrendered to the rag weed. Ax and fire, have
stripped Michigan, Wisconsin an* Minnesota of their
forests, and much of the potential wealth of those
States has .disappeared with the timber. Yet if wisely
managed every acre of original forest land could to
day be producing a crop of timber.
Bavaria has been caring for her forests a full cen
tury, 'and now has more, larger and better timber than
she had a hundred years ago, and her timber har
vest, for economic use, has increased every year. She
cuts more and has more to cut annually than when
she began.
. All of the countries of Continental Europe have
suffered from the loss or impairment of their forests.
They are now at great qost saving what is left and
renewing what was lost. They have discovered the
rule to be that where nature plants forests the land
is more valuable for forest than for anything else.
Therefore, regarding the production of timber as its
noblest use, they are taking care of such land.
Small countries like Bavaria, feeling the pinch
hardest, began this care of forests earlier than the.
large nations. "~
Observation of conditions in our country and the
experience of other countries should convince any
one that the destruction of forests unfavorably
affects climate and fertility, and that grazing is a
means of such destruction, unless strictly regulated
and limited.
Those who know the past history of our forest re
serves know that as the flocks of sheep came out of
the mountains they left a line of fire behind them.
The herders deliberately destroyed the forest to make
open space for the next season's grass. Since these
forests were reserved and the sheep were kept out
these annual fires have not occurred. It is true that
the Government does not do its full duty by merely
excluding stock from the reservations. It should em
ploy foresters and workmen under their supervision
to keep the forest floor clear of dead timber and duff.
It should permit, when conditions favor it, restricted
grazing, under regulations sternly enforced. It should
also permit the harvesting of all ripe timber under such
circumstances as not to disturb the unripe or destroy
theoncoming crop. All. this will come in time, and
the reservations will pay the cost of their administra
tion and yield a revenue besides, and future genera
tions \vill v find upon them more and better timber
than they carry now. But if they are grazed now
without restriction they will, go the way of all for
ests that have been' used as open pasture.
The mountains of Spain were stripped ortheir tim
ber by sheep. Their moisture was diminished, the
plains and valleys were made arid, the rivers \ver4
made useless, and Spain was made poor by sheep.
After sheep and goats had wiped out the forests of
Austria overlooking the Adriatic, and that country be
gan'the slow process of replanting the denuded terri
tory, it was found necessary to use soldiers to keep
out the sheep and goats. Reforesting and grazing
could not go on together. .
The unrestricted grazing of any forest by sheep is
injurious. Especially is this so in an arid country, or
one that has a definite wet and dry season. The Mail
is proud of the acquaintance of timber tracts in our
California mountains that are leased for sheep graz
ing, and boasts of their good condition. We do not
doubt this, but that is restricted grazing of the land,
under such rules and regulations as the owner pre
scribes. The destructive- grazing of forests on the
public domain is quite another thing, for that, domain,
being free to all comers, its use is unrestricted.
Experience in forestry has demonstrated ¦. that no
hard and fast" rule can be made about the grazing of
forests. The effect depends upon climate, local situa
tion, acclivity and many other conditions that must
be known before rules can be made. In some situ
ations it is useful to forests to run swine in them. .In
others, where the acclivity is great,- swine only
loosen the earth by rooting and prepare it to be
washed away, by the rains. In this way hillside forests
have been killed as effectually as by fire through the
washing away of the soil. '
FLOCKS AND FORESTS. '
THE Stockton Mail grows facetious about free
grazing of our mountain forests. It scouts the
idea that any harm ever results to forest land
from letting sheep run on it.
. At the Harvard commencement this year addresses
were made by Hoar, Roosevelt, the German Embas
sador (Holleben) and many other dignitaries, but it
was noted. that the' greatest impression upon the
alumni was made by the address of President Eliot,
in which he stated that Pierpont Morgan had agreed
to give the university $1,000,006. Money, it will be
seen, can make as good a talk in the academic groves
as in the market.
We believe that the principle contended for will be
found condemned by Chief Justice Marshall. The
Federal Government does not stop at a State line in
the imposition of the taxes necessary to its existence.
States prohibit the sale of liquor. The Federal Gov
ernment licenses its sale within their borders. They
may use their police power and the Federal Govern
ment does not interfere; its licensee takes the risk.
The Federal Government uses its taxing and borrow
ing power, and the States must keep hands off.
South Carolina will, of course, contend that the
imposition of a liquor license tax upon a liquor selling
State is a nullification of the State law. But the con
stitution, tieaties and acts of Congress are the supreme
law of the land.
Nor is this all. If a State, by embarking in business,
may snatch the objects dealt in from the Federal^tax
collector, every maritime State may become an im
porter and set up free trade, as far as the Federal Gov
ernment is concerned, and thereby destroy the power
of the .United States to enforce a tariff.
This raises some very, interesting issues. A French
financier said that alcohol, opium and tobacco offered
such a sure means of raising revenue that they should
never be lost sight of by statesmen. Our Government
made alcohol and tobacco subject to excise and license
and opium to a tariff during the Civil War, and these
impositions have been continued, because of the ease
with which that tax is collected, and the revenue needs
of the Government. South Carolina refuses to pay
for this license as a liquor seller and sues to recovor
what she has paid. If this contention is good the
States can destroy the Federal Government. . A neces
sity to the existence of that Government is its inde
pendent use of the power to tax and to borrow. Its
bonds are non-taxable by the States, because if the
States could tax them the Federal power to borrow
money would be destroyed, for the States could tax
that power to death. The United States taxes the
manufacture and sale of liquor. If a State can go into
the business of selling and evade the license tax, it can
also become a manufacturer and evade that tax. If
this be granted the power of the Federal Government
to raise revenue by a liquor tax is destroyed. The
States may then do the same with tobacco and remove
that from the objects of Federal taxation. This process
may be repeated with everything which the United
States may cover with an excise, and the Federal Gov
ernment may be driven entirely from' that field.
Now South Carolina is going into court with a new
form of nullification. Senator Tillman made his way to
the front in that State by advocating and securing a
Jaw which makes the State the only liquor seller. It is
called the State dispensary system. The State sets up
a liquor store where one is regarded as necessary, and
the bartender is a State officer or employe. The State
buys the liquor wholesale, retails it and pockets the
profits, if there be any. This law was attacked in the
Federal courts, but was upheld as a local police regula
tion proper for a State to make. But the United
States taxes liquor and compels a liquor dealer to take
out a Federal license. Without this license the liquor
in a dealer's possession is subject to seizure and confis
cation and the dealer to arrest and fine. South Caro
lina now seeks to nullify this law as far as she is con
cerned, contending that the Federal Government has
no power to exact a license from a State for the ..per
formance of any function of its sovereignty.
This at once identified nullification with disunion.
The attempt to stay in the Union and nullify its laws
was seen to be illogical, and the doctrine fell into dis
favor, to be substituted by th'e more logical though
not more constitutional theory of secession, which was
more logical because it taught a complete withdrawal
from the Unio.n.
Every one at the table realized that this speech was
a challenge to Jackson, and whenhe rose all saw that
the issue was joined. Raising a glass of wine, the
President gave the famous sentiment: "The Federal
Union; by the Eternal it must and shall be-.pre
served!"
THE SOUTH CAROLINA CASE.
ry OUTH CAROLINA is going into court with a
very interesting case. "It is one characteristic of
that original commonwealth.^ In 1832 that State
decided that the Federal constitution permitted a State
to nullify a Federal law, and therefore proceeded by
solemn ordinance to nullify, vacate and, as far as
South Carolina was concerned, to repeal a tariff. This
attempt gave rise to very interesting consequences
which have enriched our history. The South was quite
generally in sympathy with the movement, and, to
cement that section firmly together for the new policy,
a banquet was held in Washington City, with Galhoun
at one end of the table and President Jackson at the
other. Up to that time the course that Jackson would
take was not known. Calhoun made a speech to the
banqueters, in which he brought all his genius and
marvelous. power to bear in defense of nullification as
a constitutional doctrine and, to give it high authority,
pretended to trace it to Mr. Jefferson, then but a few
years dead. .. : /:•
war. There is, moreover, an element^ of indisputable
truth in the argument, although it starts from a wrong
premise. Great Britain is not fighting to resist the
aggressions of 'the "Boers, but none the less she is
fighting under the eyes of a -watchful .world, and fail
ure would greatly weaken her prestige' It is no vain
warning, that he uttered in the words: "We must
establish in the minds of the civilized world, especially
in 'South Africa, the conviction that if our frontiers*
are violated, it will be a bitter time for those who have
undertaken to do it. x It is only by inspiring such a
conviction -that you can be safe."
FRIDAY JULY 5,-1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. 5
±JUnu All ComnunlMtloiu to W. S. LEAKS, Hu»gtr.
XIAXAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Presa 204
PIBL1CATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22i Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. X5 Cents Per WceJt.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including: Postage:
DAILT CALL <lndudin« Sunday), one year $6.00
I>A1LT CALL. Oncludlnc Sunday), 6 months 3-°°
DXILT CALL (Including Sunday), 3 months 1-50
DAILY CALlr-By Slntrle Month
SCXDAT CALL. One Tear - *«™
WEEKLT CALU One Tear •- 1 - 00
All postmasters are anthorlied to receive ,
subscriptions.
Sample copies trill be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In order-in* chans* of address should be
particular to Eire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request
O AICL AXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGES KROCXESS.
Xutgtx Foreign A«Tertisiag, Kirjnette Building, CMeigs.
(Lose Distance Telephone "Central 2513.V)
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARI/TOJT Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATI v is :
STEPHE.V B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
' NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breatano, 11 Union Sonar*:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hoase: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON CD. C.) OFFICE. . .14OC G St., If. "W.
MORTON K. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
9:S9 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. lf*S Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 10S Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. in.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house— 'The Only "Way."
Central— "r<avy Crockett."
Tivoli— "Babes In the "Wood."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Under Two Flags."
Alcazar — "Papho."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenins.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths — STrtrnmin;:.
AUCTION RALES.
By F. H. Chase & Co.— Monday. July 8. at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at 1732 Market street.
Call subscribers contemplating a change ot
resldea.ee during- tne summer months can haro
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by aotlfylns- Tne Call Business Office.
<"als p»i»er Trill also be on sale at all tuaaer
¦wsuils and is represented by a local acext la
•JU Uwai «a the coast. •
TO SUPSCREERS LEAYISG TOWI FOR THE SUIMER.
® V N.
O \t- w->— -— >-~ ©
y? \ "^¦"" \
© •. • \ o
1 NEXT/ II
I SUNDAY'S 1 1
© — G
O THE WESTERN GIRL WHO IS SUING THE §
5 DUKE OF MANCHESTER FOR ©
© BREACH OF PROMISE. : ': r g
• 9
• WHICH IS GREATER, MAN'S AFFECTION ©
§ FOR WOMAN OR WOMAN'S AF- ®
© FECTION^FOR MAN? §
g OSTEOPATHY IS NOW THE FAD. ' §
S HO.W SOME THEATRICAL FOLK LIVE. §
Q • O
O THE SAN FRANCISCO FRUIT AND FLOWER ®
| MISSION AND ITS WORK. g
| WHAT CAN BE DONE WITH. CAMERA S
« AND BRUSH. V O
| FREE WITH SUNDAY'S CALL: ®
9 SCHUETZEN MARCH AND TWO-STEP. 9
O , Composed by Mrs. J. J. Wolf in Honor of the Vlsltlnc Mem- •
jg bers of the National Schuetzen Bund. T — ' ( ©
g ' THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL. ( §
© By. Kate Greenleaf Locke. ( §
% THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. %
® " ¦ - ¦ ¦ • Q
®®®9eoeeoewDeeo7>*^CHANGE OF RULE
IN ARCHIPELAGO
Judge Taft Inaugurated
Civil Governor of
Philippines.
General Chaffee Also Suc
ceeds MacArthur in Com
mand of the Military.
MANILA, July 4.— Civil government in
the Philippines has been auspiciously in
augurated. Commissioner Taft was r
corted by General MacArthur and Gen
eral Chaffee from the palace 'to a great
temporary tribunal just outside the
Plaza Palacio. Standing in the center of
the tribunal Taft, the new civil Governor
of the Philippines, took the oath of of
fice, administered by Chief Justice Arel
lano, Governor Taft was then Intro
duced by General MacArthur, the guns -of
yFort Santiago being fired as a way of
salute. A feature of the Inaugural . ad
dress of Governor Taft was the announce
ment; that on September l, 1901, the com
mission would be increased by the ap
pointment of three native members— Dr.
Wardo Detavera, Denito Legarda and Jose
Luzuriaga, Before the 1st of September
departments will exist as follows, heads
having been arranged for thus:
Interior— Worcester.
Commerce and Police— Wright.
Justice and Finance — Ide. ¦.
Public Instruction — Moses.
Provinces Not Pacified.
Of the twenty-seven provinces organ
ized Civil Governor Taft said the insur
rection still exists in five. This will cause
the continuance of the military govern
ment in these sections. Sixteen addi
tional provinces are reported without in
surrections, but as yet they have not
been organized. Four provinces are not
r^ady for civil government.
The speaker predicted that with the
concentration of troops into the larger
garrisons it would 'be necessary for the
people to assist the police, in the preser
vation of order. Fleet launches will be
procured, he said, which will ¦ facilitate
collection among the provinces, as well
as aid the postal and revenue depart
ments. In connection with educational ef
forts Governor Taft said that adults
should be educated by an observation of
American methods. He said that there
was a reasonable hope that Congress
would provide a tariff suitable, one that
would assist in the development of the
Philippines, instead of an application of
the United States tariff.
According to the civil Governor there is
an unexpected balance in the Insular
treasury of 13,700,000, and an annual in
come of $10,000,000. He said that any pos
sible friction between civil and military
subordinates should be discouraged. Th»
patriotism of the leading Filipinos was
commended. In conclusion Governor Taft
reiterated a hope expressed by the Presi
dent that in the future the inhabitants
would be grateful for the American Phil
ippine victories and that they would be
indissolubly linked in ties of affection with
the common country.
McKinley 's Message Cheered.
The reading of President McKInley's
message of congratulation was enthusi
astically cheered. The entire front of the
Tribunal, a block long, was decorated with
flags and several hundred officers, with
their families and friends, were seated
therein. General MacArthur, Governor
Taft and Military Governor Chaffee occu
pied the center, with the other generals on
their right, Rear Admiral Kempff and his
staff were on their left. The United States
Commissioners and Justices of the Su
preme Court were immediately in, the rear
with the foreign consuls. The mass of
the people stood in the park opposite.
The Filipino leaders were there, but there
were more Americans than Filipinos pres
ent.
The transfer of the military authority to
General ChafEee was carried out in the
presence of the generals, In General Mac-
Arthur's office. There was no formality.
General MacArthur presented the new
commander to the generals and remarked:
"I bequeath to you all my troubles."
All the high civil and army officers ac
companied General MacArthur to the river
front; where he formally embarked. Gov
ernor Taft and General Chaffee then re
turned to the palace and received the pub
lic.
SHOOTS AT A BAKER
FROM A DARK ALLEY
Unknown Person Attempts to Com-
mit Murder Late at ITiglit In
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, July 4.-Last night
shortly after 1 o'clock E. C. Hurth, a
baker employed at Ahrens' bakery, was
shot and dangerously wounded by a per
son he believes was Fred Hettlnger, an
other baker. Hurth claims the shooting
was the result of his refusal to join the
Bakers' Union. He says he left the bak
ery where he was employed about 12:45
last night on a bicycle. In returning he
passed an alley near the store. From this
alley a man stepped out and without a
word began firing at him. One bullet
struck him in the right leg, another in the
left leg close to the groin and the third
inflicted a flesh wound in the left thigh.
Fred Hettinger called at police head
quarterB In this city last night to explain
that he has not been in Los Angeles for
three months, and consequently could not
be guilty of shooting Hurth. He declared
that he came from Sacramento last'Sat
urday.
Minister Pichon Comes Prom China.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 4.— M. Pich
on, French Minister to China, arrived here
from the Orient by the Empress of India.
He is accompanied by Mme. Pichon. They
will spend the summer in France. M.
Pichon had little -to say on international
questions. He agreed that the trip of
Count von Waldersee to Japan would do
a great deal of good. He considers that
the troubles in China are over for a long
time at least . .
The world Is wide, but it is narrow
when compared with the difference of
opinion existing between the , average
young man and his wife's mother.
Germany Secures Option, on an Island
BERLIN,: July 4.— The correspondent of
the Associated Press hears authoritative
ly that Germany has secured from Spain
p. purchase option on the island of Fer
nando. Po, fronting the Cameroons terri
tory. - A company- has been formed " in
Berlin for the colonization and fructifica
tion of the island.-
B. Myron Wolf of California Parlor act
ed as president of the day, and in, his
introductory remarks paid a glowing
tribute to the progressive spirit and pa
triotic devotion of the American people.
Mrs. Genevieve Watson Baker, president
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, in delivering the address of the
day took for her subject "The Order of
Native Daughters." She traced the his
tory of the organization from its Incep
tion and described the. work which it has
already undertaken and that which it will
undertake in the future. The Declaration
of Independence was read by Louis F.
Byington of Niantic Parlor No. 105. Miss
Katherine Black sang tho "Star-spangled
Banner" and was encored. - An original
poem was read by Alfred Dalton.
At the conclusion of th© exercises
games and races furnished amusement
galore. The winners of the various
events were rewarded with appropriate
prizes.
A picnic and patriotic celebration was
held yesterday at Fairfax Park by Cali
fornia Parlor No. 1, Native Sons of the
Golden West The occasion, besides be
ing a national holiday, was the anniver
sary of the organization of California
Parlor and of the birth ojC the order of
the Native Sons. In honor of the doubly
auspicious occasion patriotic exercises,
In which were commemorated the found
ing of tho nation and the pioneer days
of the- State of California, were held.
Picnic at Fairfax Park.
California Parlor Holds a Patriotic
ITATlVJfcJ SOU'S CELEBRATE.
Tug of war contest— Team composed of W
Cherry. W. McMulHn.'O. McMullln, G. Sloan!
I* E. Cutts and J. Burne of Bald Eagle and
Monadnock tribes, won.
•The tug of war team, composed of L
Berry, W. J. Blaisdell, F. H. Pearson, F.
I* Reid, J. L. Narley and J. Harry Hu
taff. of Altahomas Tribe, received a con
solation »prize.
Thiee-leeged race— B. Hillard and W. Ken
nedy, first; B. Frank and J. CNeil and Ed Mc-
Cabe and E. Northrup. . .
Running: long Jump— J. Carberry, won; Will
iam Connelly and 13. Hillard.
Hop, Bkin and Jump — George Stalle, won; E.
Heinz and William Connelly. . ,
That patriotic beneficial organization,
the Improved Order of Red Men, repre
sented by the tribes and the councils of
the Degree of Pocahontas of San Francis
co, Oakland, Alameda and Elmhurst, cele
brated the Fourth yesterday by an out
ing and picnic at Sunset Park; in the
Santa Cruz Mountains. It took two trains
of fifteen cars each to convey the 2400
who left this city* and Alameda County
for the shades in the canyon where the
park is located. "When the various , tribes
reached th© terminus of th© journey they
made known their arrival by a series of
warwhoops, startling the quiet farmers
of the vicinity, who were reassured, how
ever, when they learned that the "In
juns" were on pleasure, and not on de
struction, bent.
Immediately after hunger had been sat
isfied there was sounded the assembly,
which brought all to the pavilion, where
Emil Lastreto, the chief of games and
gata prizes, announced the winning num
bers of the gat© awards, thereby making
happy 150 adults and eleven juveniles.
Races and games wer© started and con
tinued to a finish under the direction of
B. Lastreto, A. Jones, Frank - Pearson,
M. Bloom, TV. F. Kruger and C. de Cleer,
who was attired in th© costum© of an In
dian chief, and whose face was adorned
with war paint.
During the afternoon Past Great Sa
chem Harry A. Chase- presided at an elec
tion held for the purpose of determining
who was the most popular member of the
council of th© Degree- of Pocahontas.
There were 553 votes cast. Miss Conroy,
Pocahontas of Rainona, was declared the
winner and awarded a pair of .$10 shoes
Misa Howalt of the same council was a
close second.
Th© affair was a very pleasant and
most successful one, and much of this
was due to the individual efforts of P. S.
Seymour, E. Lastreto, J. Harry Hutaff
and H. A. Chase, officers of the general
committee, who admirably directed the
work of each, of the several sub-commit
tees.
The results of the races and games
follow:
Race for rirls under 12 years— Katie Grady.
flrBt; Isabel Canbee and Edith Hearn.
Race for boys under 12 years — Phillip Carroll,
first; EL Korthrup and Burdette Hartman
Young ladies' race— Ruby Cowley, first; Mamla
Mlramontez 1 and Annie Ritchie.
Married ladles' race— Mrs. J. W. Allard, first;
Mrs. M. McKee and Mrs. John Scannell.
Improved Order of Red Men's race— J. Hasrer
man, first; J. H. Malt and S. Wett.
Pocahontas Council race— Gertie Greaves
first; Ruby Cowley and Mamie Stahl.
Fat men's race— Byron Slyter, first; Robert
Apple and M. Rivers.
Past Pocahontaa race — Stella Gillosfley, first;
Katie \jb* Fon and Ida Hudson.
Fat ladles' race— Viola CNe'll, • first; • Ida
Hudson and Mrs. B. Frank.
Pappoose race (ladies)MJertle Greavee, flrBt;
Emily Grellmann and Julie Hermeister.
Sack race— Al Dorman, first; J. H. Malt and
B. Northrup.
Past Sachems' race— W. L.. Rowley, first; Al
bert Sellg and J. Hagwrmann.
Cruz Mountains.
Tribes and Councils Gather in Santa
RED MEET AT STJUSET.
ICA1TOXAI. LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, July 4.— Chicago won the morning
game. The score:
R. H. E.
/•.rooklyn 8 7 1
¦'Chicago 6 16 2
Batteries — Taylor ana Kahoe; Kitson anil
Farrell. Umpire — Nafh.
Afternoon game. The score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 10 11 4
Brooklyn 9 12 6
Batteries — Waddell. Hughes and Kahoe;
Donovan and McGuire. Umpire — Naen.
PITTSBUR/3. July 4.— The morning game be
tween Pittsburg and New Tork was a great
twelve-Inning match. The score:
R. H. E.
JCe-w Tork - 6 1* 1
rittsburg A. 3 1J. 1
Batteries— Matthewson and 'Warner; TanehllL
Cliesbro and Zimmer.
Afternoon came. The score:
R. H. EX
New Tork 0 7 6
Pittsburg 12 14 1
ST. LOUIS, July 4.— St. Louis won the morn-
Ing game. The score:
n. h. e.
Ft. Louis L 6 U S
Philadelphia 2 6 0
Batteries — Harper end Ryan; Dugrgleeby and
HcFarland. Umpire — O'Day.
Afternoon game. The ecore:
R. H. E.
Et. Louis 0 6 1
Philadelphia 6 6 0
Batteries— Powell and Kyan; Ortn and Jack
litch. Umpire— O'Day.
CIKCINNATI, July 4.— Morning game. The
ecore:
H. H. B.
Boston 0 4''1
Cincinnati 2 7 2
J Batteries— "vnilis, IMneen and Moran; Phll
jliis and Bergen. Umpire— Cunningham.
-¦ Afternoon game. The score:
R. H. 'K.
Bo6ton 6 12 4.
Cincinnati 4 4 .*
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHIIaADELPHIA, July 4.-Morning game.
S'-ore:
R. H. E.
Washinirton £ 8 2<
Philadelphia « 7 2
Batteries: Washington— Carrlck and Clarke;
Philadelphia— Plank and Powers. Umpires-
Sheridan and Mannassau.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 4.— Morning game.
Fcore:
B. H. E.
f hicago 2 t 1 ,; 9
Cleveland 8 16"..' 1
Batteries: Cleveland— Hart and Wood;
Chicago— Patterson and Sugden. Umpire —
Ilaskell.
Afternoon game. Score:
R. H, E.
Chicago 6 11 6
Cleveland 6 J;1j
MILWAUKEE, July 4.— Morning game.
Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 6 6 22
Milwaukee 16 7
Batteries: Milwaukee— Sparks and Conner;
Detroit— Heigh and Shaw. Umpire— Cantlllon.
Afternoon game. Score:
Detroit 7 13 4
Milwaukee '. 8 13 .'.I
BOSTON. July 4.— Morning game. Score:
It IT I'"
Kalt'more 2 6 6
JSoKton '..'.Y.'.'.Y.IO U 2
Katterles: Boston-Mitchell and Crlger; Bal
timore— Nops and Robinson. Umpire— Con-
Attendance, 4443.
\ Atternoon came. - Score:
Boston g 12 - a
Baltimore ; 3 6 ' 8
Batteries— Lewis and Ehreck: Foreman and
Bresnahan.
Makes Sixteen Base Hits
off Kitson of the
Brooklyns.
CHICAGO TAKES
TWO STRAIGHT
IF,'RIS. July 4.— The United States Em
basT and Consulates and a majority of
thf American business houses and stores
hr-e were decorated to-day with the Stars
p.d Stripe* and the French tricolor,
*hich hung together. Most of the Amer
! can residents and visitors attended the
open reception of the United States Em
tmssador. General Horace Porter, in the
afternoon.
The annual banquet of the American
Chamber of Commerce took place to-night
at the Hotel d'Orsay. General Porter. M.
the Minister of Commerce,
17 launcey M. Etepew, J. TV. Alexander of
riie New' York Chamber of Commerce and
Gaston Deschamps were the speakers.
BERLIN, July 4.— In honor of the
Fourth of July the American flag is to
day floating over the Embassy, the Con
sulate and many private buildings. A
m-^ber of American residents went on a
pL i ic to Gruenau. No receptions were
held by either Andrew D. White, the
American Embassador. who has just
moved to the Palace Hotel; John B. Jack
son, secretary of the Embassy, or Frank
H. Mason, the American Consul.
COPENHAGEN, July 4.— The Fourth of
July was celebrated here by the dressing
with flags of all the Danish ships in the
harbor. Salutes Tvere fired from the forts
and a reception, given on board the United
States training ship Hartford, was attend
ed by the Danish authorities and a num
ber of American tourists. Several Danish
People flf Many Nations Join Ameri
cans Abroad in Observing the
Natal Day of Uncle Sam.
CELEBRATED IN
FOREIGN LANDS
e« the StHlwell rDad. Vice President Syl
vester of the roafl said that the road now
lad deeds covering 270 miles of right of
v.ay in Kansas and Oklahoma, and had
completed seventy miles of grading south
of Anthony. Kins., and would begin to
lay rails there at once. He said that the
•track between Kansas City and the Cim
arron River wmld be put in within tha
next ten momLs.
The party will leave for Lob Angeles In
a few days, and will probably remain in
Southern California for several weeks.
Gibbon says that the Injunction proceed
ings Instituted by the Oregon Short Line
to restrain Clark from taking possession
of the old and abandoned grade in Nevada
have created great interest among all rail
road magnates. The case was tried by
Judge Hawley in the United States Circuit
Court at Carson City last week, and the
Judge has the case under advisement The
Oregon Short Line, or more properly the
Harriman interests, was represented by
Judge Cornish of New Tork, General So
licitor Kelly of the Union Pacific, W. F.
Herrin of the Pouthern Pacific and Gen
eral Attorney Williams of the Oregon
Short Line. Gibbon and a local attorney
of Nevada named Whitterman represented
Senator Clark. .
Several of the most important officials
of the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt
Lake Railroad arrived here last evening
from Salt Lake, where a conference 'had
been held and plans laid"* for the rapid
completion of the new Clark railway. The
party is composed of T. E. Gibbon, third
vice president; Attorney J. Ross Clark,
brother of Senator Clark and second vice
president; R. C. Kerens, first vice presi
dent; United States Senator Thomas
Kearns and F. "W. Schaurte of St. Louis.
Mr. Gibbon in an interview said last
evening that the.road would undoubtedly
be built and worlc would be pushed with
all possible dispatch. Sixty miles of the
new road is under construction in Lincoln
County, Nevada, and twenty miles of
track is being laid near Los Angeles on
the Terminal property, that has been ac
quired by the Clark corporation. The
right of way from Redlands to Los An
geles has been perfected, and the contract
for the building of the road on this sec
tion will soon be let.
Senator Clark's Partners
Arrive En Route to
Los Angeles.
GIBBON TALKS
OF NEW ROAD
KIXGSTOX, Jamaica. July 4.— The
American residents throughout the Island
assembled to-day at the Port Antonio
headquarters of the United Fruit Com
pany and celebrated the Fourth of July
with great enthusiasm.
PEKING, July 4. — The Fourth was cel
ebrated to-day by the United States Le
gation guard with athletic games and fire
works. The German Minister, Dr. Mumm
von Schwarzenstein, gave a dinner at the
German Legation to the officers of the
American guard. Messrs. Squires' and
Rockhill and the other members of the
United States Legation celebrated the
Fourth at the summer legation in the
hills.
CITY OF MEXICO, July 4.— The Amer
ican colony celebrated the Fourth by an
outdoor fete at the Tivoli del Elizo. The
grounds were handsomely decorated and
t'ullv 400D people took part during the day.
At 11 o'clock President Diaz and Mayor
Alanda arrived. The President was re
ceived with cordiality and a salute of
twenty-one guns ¦was fired in his honor.
The Declaration of Independence was read
by General Agramonte. The oration of the
day wae a review of American progress
and was delivered by General Powell
Clayton, the United States Embassador.
Many school children, dressed in white
and carrying American flags, sang "The
Star-Spangled Banner" and other patri
otic songs.
Sporting events and dancing were the
last features of the programme. . The fete
was the first ceneral celebration of the
Fourth of July among the American resi
dents for many years. Business men
everywhere displayed the American flag.
COLON. Colombia, July 4.— This year's
American Independence day celebrations
¦were more enthusiastic to-day than, usual.
The Fourth was practically a general hol
iday; buildings were decorated and shops
were closed. Horse races to-day consti
tuted new features of this year's pro
gramme of festivities.
warships, when passing the Hartford,
plaj-ed ""The Star-Spangled Banner," and
the Hartford replied by playing the Dan
ish national anthem, "xo-night the har
bor is illuminated and the band from the
Hartford played at Tivoli Garden to the
assembled gathering. When the band fin
ished playing the crowd cheered long and
enthusiastically for President McKinley.
ROME. July 4.— A brilliant Independence
day reception was held by the United
States Charge d' Affaires, Lewis M. Id
dings, and was attended by a number of
distinguished persons.
Continued from Page One.
iNHABITAHTS OF HEW POSSESSES CELEBRATE WITH MUCH ENTHUSIASM
GREAT FALLS. Mont., July 4.— The
three men who held up the Great Northern
transcontinental westbound express near
W«gner, 19S miles west, yesterday, proba
bly will be captured before morning. Sher
iff Griffith, with a posse of twenty men,
has surrounded them at Buck Allen's
1 ranch, forty miles south of "Wagner, near
the edge of the old Fort Belknap reserva
tion on the west fork of the Houchetto
River.
The posse followed the "bandits all yes
terday afternoon, finding signs of them at
a ford on Beaver Creek and again where
they crossed the Dry Fork. ' .
Information that reached here late to
day is that the posse came in sight of the
men about 3 o'clock to-day, near the ranch
and, driving them in, surrounded them. It
is probable that they will not be captured
until after a severe fight, and at the latest
advices Sheriff Griffith had not made the
attack.
The bandits are thought to be barricaded
in the ranch buildings, which offered every
protection for a siege. The posse may
not try to force their capture until rein
forcements are received. It is understood
that another posse from south of the Mis
souri, in the direction of Fort Hawley, will
join Sheriff Griffith at Allen's ranch.
Identified by the Horses.
The Sheriff's posse has, not yet obtained
descriptions of the men, although Sheriff
Griffith was a passenger that was robbed
and saw the men escape across the plains
on their horses. The gang was identified
by their horses, and . when observed
through field glasses the white, bay and
buckskin on' which they were mounted
after toe robbery, were plainly seen. Con
trary to first reports, the men are not
experienced train robbers. Information
from Wagner and nearby points Is that
they have been partially identified as cow
punchers employed on a ranch lying south
of- the Milk River. One is a halfbreed, as
was thought at the time of the robbery.
He is known, to be the man who boarded
the express east of Wagner and forced the
engineer and fireman to bring it to a stop
at the head of the ravine in which his
confederates were hidden.
The authorities have been unable to
clearly identify the robbers, but it Is now
thought that with the information obtain
ed their previous records can easily be
ascertained.
Tracked Over Rough Ground.
The work of tracking was extremely dif
ficult, owing to the nature of the coun
try, bad lands, l^roken throughout by foot
hills and the eastern end of the Little
Rocky range. Across the line of the Fort
Belknap reservation, only a few miles dis
tant, there are excellent hiding places, and
it is thought that if the bandits should
evade capture to-night and once get in
this ground it would be almost Impossible
to find them.
Information received from Havre Is that
neither Traveling Auditor Douglass of
Clancey, Mont., nor Brakeman Whiteside
was hit in the fusillade from the bandits
at the time of the robbery.
Gertrude Smith of Tomah, "Wis., a pas
senger in th© tourist car, who was shot in
the arm, was immediately attended by a
surgeon, who found that she had sustain
ed nothing more serious than a flesh
wound. This was treated and bandaged
and she continued her journey in com
pany with her aunt, to Seattle.
It is probable that the first estimate of
the loss— $83,000— is somewhat exaggerated.
Reliable information received to-day was
$70,000, and that this with the damage to
through express shipments, resulting from
the explosions in the car, will represent
the entire loss to the company. No-in
formation concerning the consignees of
the money in the through safe is obtain
able. It is understood that a considerable
part was In the shape of shipments west
from Chicago banks and other financial
institutions.
Officers Bring the Great
Northern Bandits .
1 to Bay. .
Men Who Looted the Express
Are Barricaded in a Farm
house — Cannot Escape.
TRAIN ROBBERS
ARE SURROUNDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 5, 1901.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
After washing once with Fels-
Naptha soap, you would not
go back to common soap for
$1 a week;
Your grocer has it; If you
don't agiee/. he returns your
money. ; .
Fels"^ .Co., makers, Philadelphia.
DR.MEYERS&CO. j^§|§^
Specialists. Disease 'S^^^ P
and weakness °'-^^^k* }
free, at office or by K3|V V >*^k •
m ail. Cures guar- \UKi£mM&
anteed. 731 Mar- WmS^M
ket street (eleva- >. F<S$fi$k/W ¦
tor entrance). Sa.n /^C^X^2*^38* > »
They Work While You Sleep.
While your mind and body rest Cas-
carets Candy /Cathartic repair your
dige'stionj , your liver, your' bowels,
put them in perfect order. Genuine
tablets stamped C C. C. Never sold
in bulk. All druggists, ioc. 1
I Furnished by Pattosien's
t NOW OPEN for inspection,
I 420 Eddy Street, near Leavenworth.
¦?- * * .
X The Lambourne is the most complete and tast-
X ily furnished house in the dt\\ It has six most ele-
X ga-nt front suits with baths^also 40 single and con-
£ necting rooms. Every improvement for comfort and
+ sanitary requirement has been adopted; rooms are all
? Vght, airy and steam-heated; abundant closet room.
X Parties with references can secure apartments ¦
X at less than ruling rates for like accommodations
"*" elsewhere, as our aim is to maintain a high standard
•*~ for the house.
y Address "The Lambourne," 420 Eddy street.
+¦
THE EMPORIUM.. | " /'. THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
| Fins quality W^M^^%W^W PP^ 5Gc Tumb ' ers 28c ' «5
«C per BOX, i SO raljpP* speedy priced at iSc for Friday on!y. £
Jk Superfine French Velour, royal En- |j| V* rfM O fi<dteB! 1^.83 &S f&aLZ2L3*i3>~ «^j The * hav = a «nui\ almo* invisb e "g
| ghsh VcUum, . 6 afferent tints in IFO pJ^^ RQ P CT .. AjnE^f5^^DST STORE Kratch from ths mM in whkh thc * *
5 commercial and billet sizes. CALIFORNIA 5 LAKUfcM —AfflfcKICA S UKAINUfcST STORE wer . A sphndii bargain. 9
6 -"¦'-;,¦.¦• "
g .^sss^v Ladies' Neokwe&g* &itt§i&if Pff*iG© a 5
*> The sur R assin S Neckwear event of the ye.ir — over i ooo |
| IF^te?® pieces of ladies' neckwear— exclusively this season's most de- %
* s i rabIe novelties— more than-^o styles from x which to select $
$ f/W^^^i l\ and aI1 in P erfect condition— stock collars, jabots, and silk :?
%%^^Mn^k. scarfs in a11 coIor -— to-day, Friday, at one-half off reg-\
£ '' ml f wt\ ufas * P^ GeSa 5
i rSP 4£$B$?%iW 2SC Ncckwear ; *3C\ f i.eo N.ckwear 5f? G * 2 .oo Neckwear.. $1 ,OO 5
af 8$%$^'frM &?M 5°c N«xkwrar 25© If 1.25 Neckwear G3c S>.oo Necfcw;ar. $1*50*
» <$*k§&^^ ' 75 ° N:ckwcar 3Sc '$ l -5o Ncckwear J5 G f 4 .oo Neckwear $2>Q3 5
2£ 7 iJA / s | These lots have b;en freshened up witn even stronger and greater / j\ \\ / jV }f
ff ! 1 jP'.@S2s2fl bargains for Friday and Saturday. Cost counts for naught this /Jj-^J <\ •*
j| j|| / month on season goods in these departments. This week ths largest busi- ¦ (f^ tywTTTTTtffv * H
|f I Hi I 1 ness we have ever done in 'the same length of time, because of the great reduc- 5^)^,/ f > I }Vrj^r .«
V M'i*»M" tions. Don't miss this sale. Come early. 1 -^^^ -5
K k K • Jackets and Silk Eton Re due ad. -~%(| •*
jf > Lot 1 — Assorted lot of all-wool Ktrsey and Coveit Eton and Fly-Front Jackets, "J? V *
>{ all sizes and colors, fhat have been $5.00 and |io.ooj clean-up price %&*»j T& &
% Lot 2 — Assorted lot of fine silk and cloth Etons and fly-front^ silk-lined Lot 4— Assorted lot of best selling Taffeta, Wash Silk and P.-aa d: Soie jg
t£ all-wool Jackets, in all the newest and best shapes; all colors and Waists, in alt colors and back and all sizes; regu'arly 9 £5 •*
K black and a.'l sizes: have been |io.oo and $12.50; J3 s~ $6.00 to J7. 50; clean-up pii.e ..; &^raJ5m9 &
j£ clean-up price....... I..... Lot 5— Assor ed lot of our finest Silk Crep: de Chns, Tarieta and P. at
t£ Lot 3— Assorted lot of gray and tan Raglan? and cur finest black silk. de Soie WaistJ, in beiut ful styles and finest shades and styles, all size?,. )t
*£ Etons and highest tailored fly-front silk-lined Jackets, in all co!ors and have been $7. 50 to $11. 50; clean-up prices df5#? jn. "* '«
j£ black, and three-quarter tan kersey coats, have been o*<l tt JM.K vOo^«' jg
jr trom |i8.oo to | 3S .oo ; cleanup price .. *# Wrappers and Petti'cuats Reducsd. j
K TaitOT* Dresses RadUCDdm Lot!— Fancy Cotton Petticoats, plait :d ruffle and dee? flounc-, „_ }i
K Lot ! — Assorted lot of this and last ceason's Eton and fly- r ronj Dressss, a regu'arly $1.15 and $1.50; clean-ua pr:c= s3C •*
& splendid lot of all-wool dresses in all colors and black, g% F* Lot 2— Assorted lot of new Percale Wrappers, lined Wai.t3, — •» °«
K have be=n £12.50, $15.00 and $20.00; clean-up pries &O^&%M deep flounces and a'l siz:s, regu'arly 95c; c>an-up pric=. . . 9&G &
J? Lot 2 Assorted lot of our newest fancy trimmed and colored Eton Lot 3 — A grand :ot of all kinds of Sumrrer Underskirts; reersucker, ¦'
Tai!or Dresses, in all the best materials and shapes, all colors and crasb, midras and nearsilk, in all sorts of stripe3 and co'-crs; also solid- Tg
$t ¦ black, all sizes, have been from $18.00 to $47.50; g^m tm •me- colcrid mercerized Sa'ecn-; have bien from J1.25 to "<«
Jf e!ean-up price .'....... .'. v&m3mM& $ 2 -5°> at cne cleai-up price ¦ OdC X
*£ Lot 3— Assorted lot' of our finest n:w Eton Dresses, many of them silk Lot 4— Asorted lot of our bes: styles and qualities of new $1.53 anl
5 lined, trimmed and plain, beautiful goo;'s and styles, all co'on and $1.75 Percale and Liwn Wnpprrs, charm : nslytrimm:d, «/a JB
%£ black and all sizes, have been $30.00, $35.00, lined wa r sts and a'l siz:s; c!ean up pr'.cc. %p5aB1J &
|f $40.00 and $45. 00; clean-u? price..... *pZ*+mOU Millinery ** Clean' Up*" *5
§ Lot 4— Assorted Chambray Wash Shirt Waist— Suits-trimmed, pink, IQC 2ni F and B - ack and Bhck q u ; Is ? j- }g
g blue and oxblood, have been $6.00 and $6.50; ckan- __ $1.50 Fancv Feathers ' .".". f5 o 3
uppnee W-m&m* «Si. 5 o and $2.co Straw Waking Hats \ QQ G ?S
ft? SklrtS Reduced* $4-50 latest Straw Walking Has, ielt rim Si .5 J &
JC Lot I— Trimmed Grass Cloth Skirts, regu'arly £1.25; c'.ean- —-J $7-°° Trimmed Hats $2,95 $
\ up price A bmJG $12.50 Trimmsd Hat; (fine ones) $4.95 J€
fc* Lot 2 — New Wash Skirts," all' kinds, fancies, grass cloth and covert, $25-°° and £30.00 Trimmed Hats ( patterns) $11. C5 «*
Jf plain and trimmed, have b;en $1.75, $2.00, $z.z$ and _ n Undefmustins RstiUCBtfm *^
J $2.50; clean-up price. 9"vl/ Fine'y made and of finest materials. 2*
A/ Lot 3 — Assorted lot of fine new gray and navy alpaca, gray, navy and 25c Ccrset Covers; d;an-u? price • 18 O &
J> black cheviots, fancy lace-trimmed Foulard and linen Chambray and 50c Corset Coverj; clean-up price 25 S «
J£ real linen Crash Skirts, have been $5.00 to S7.50; T Bi 75c C:rset Covers; assorte 1 lot; ciean-up pric= *.*!!! 23C °H
jf dean-up price • Sp<& o M Si 3 5c Drawers, 5 tucked ruffles; c"ean-up price I S3 r &
*t Lot 4— "Assorted lot of finest Brilliantines, cheviot and cloth, trimmed 85c Drawers, fine tu:ks; clem-up price 50C "2
l£ and flounce Skirts, tan, gray, navy and black, strapped, p!ain and $1.25 fine Gowns, embroidery tucks. 73G V
* trimmed, regularly $7.50 and f 1 0.00; clean-up price <ra e» $1.50 tine Gowns, embroidery tucks QSc 3*
ftf ¦ • ' '. nfrOmSfO $*- :Z 5 fi ns Gawns, embrjidery tucks $¦/ /J-5 •*•
K ' WalStS RedUOedm 8 5 C lacc OT em'traidery trmni^d Chemise, clean-up up S5C %
Sf Lotl-A«sortedlot of new extra -good percale Tucked Waists, __ \ J9-9«> J-« Skirts; cJem-up price $5,5 > *
% soft cuffs, that have been 75 c and $1.00; clean-up price . . 4-&C \^° S " It3 ' CC^^ **? ' • ' ty* 45 *
5 Lot 2-Our new this season's Shirt Waists, whit, and colored, that 1 3-*° £ ?! 9. orse:s ' "^ 2O ' ZI Sl.tiQ §
K have been regularly $x.a S , $1.50 and $1.75; dean-up _' *7-5o P. D. Cor.«t*, aze, 20-21 $t.S3 H
J price now : B&G Children's Wear, Jso \ets, Dresses. J
jf Lot 3 — A splendid lot of India Silk Waist 1 , white and b'ack, new 50c Children's Muslin Gowns; clear-up price 25C •*
i» albatross and domestic Pongee Waht - , In solid colors, dotted and em- 45c long Mus'.in S ips; e'ean-up price 23c
•f broidered; summer, wool Crepe Waists, prettily trimmed, and some $2.50 fine lon^ Nainsook S ips $1*4*5 %
5» Taffeta Silk Waists, soms of these last soiled and mussed, but all the $5.00 Child's Wool Covert Jackets, 6 to I2y?ar3; clean-u"p*price.S3 13 3*
5 ¦ Others in the best con ition and best styles and co'ors; g^g^ ¦„ $1.00 French Lawn Cap, your choice; clean-up price 5 r C
•? have been from $3. 50 to $6. 50; all at one clean-up price SpOSmaO $3.00 infants' long a'l-wool CashmercCoaU; clean-up pri:c .. .$1. Q5 »
I Sale Dimities* ButttiSF S&B& Popular Sheet I
I 15c and 20c Grades 9c > FHdav Oniv MiiSiG 15C* j
* This morning we place on one of our sales fe * Jf ' - ar! at J
g counters a small lot of h.gh-grade Dmuco, Best ' Creamery Butter, the half off publisher's price. To-day °cn!y we %
» Printed Lawns, etc., the prices of which . ¦ J s th . to n ow : n? nona'ar dWm \* *ew JK
$ were l 5 c to 20c per yard; they are broken TegUlar SIZe Squares, C II * I^C 8
2f s^oSl^SSii^ />P SCial S3 ' e 2 § ain '"Hello, Centra'. Give Me Heaven." ' S
JJ priced for to-day only, per yard 9C /(Friday), per g$$ & %%£?£ wl^W^, but I Do." |
J _^ ~Z 5qiiare "Carolina March and Two-St.-p." X
X ChOiCe PiGtUreS, Onlv $ Squares to a customer. -* Also about 3 00 copi« good music, only
I The SOc Kind 2Sc. *„„„„ w^^fafo ° ne tach of a kind - at 2^ g
tf A comp'ete and vaned assortment of extra large KmifgUSSr m2$3&&!&B&* i Ci«jif»f3# Qailo *i# 5
K Combination Pictures; choice platina and Hock White Wine— An excellent quality that O/JCCf Sf # **«?Jk* OF *•
X carbon prints; one combination, for example, sells regularly 75c per gallon; spe- TaA^A fiAUAHC "5
g has Pharaoh hones in the center, with two cial to-day only, gallon 4fT0C N * *a*IM92 WUy«,#"«»f jj
K fine pictures of dogs, one on each side; the Cutter's Whisky — The genuine. A I that we 100 Tapestry Table Covers — x yard square, •*
subjects include . lanscapes, animal, pastoral sell regularly 90c per' botte, special to-day fringed all around, double faced material, 4 ?
|£ and religious thimes; size ia^xa6 inches; . only 75o P rettv co ' or effects— covm which if bought J|
J? heavily, matted with oval and square open- Bavarian Malt — Equal to th: imported; regu- in the regu'ar way would have to be sold lor J€
*? ings; regularly 50c each; Friday larly $1.75 per dozen; special to-dav only less than 50c each — special to-KJa/ *^-» •*
}| only «OG . $1,53 only JOCJj
ft ¦ ' ' . ¦ ¦ '- - ' ¦*.,«-¦ i ' "S
OCEAN T3AVEI<?
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«. - Steamers leave Broadway
Bjfc Wharf, San Francisco:
tSyfcii-- F or Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
HgM$l%£ JulyT, 10, 15, 20, 25, 80, Aug.
¦regjergMfc 4. , Change to company's
BoT nsS'igfa steamers at Seattle.
SisSJaSl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
NM|K«tk0K3 c -)> Port Townsend Seattle,
/"^^^EaSCaB Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
»*' and New-Wbatcom (Wash.)—
*•& 11 a. m.. July 5, 10. 15, 20, 25, 30.
Aug. 4. and every fifth- day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska e.nd G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt - Bay — 1:SO n. m.,
July 1, 6, 11, 15, 20, 25, 30, Aug. 4, 9, 13, 18, 23,
28, Sept. 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Corona, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, - calling at Banta Cruz.
Monterery, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Coos Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay, Saturdays, 9 a. rn. ; Steamer Bo-
nita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jove del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Kosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. ...
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
::zxr tosk. sonTH'MPTON. wdon.. pabiu.
. Stopping at- Cherbourg, westbound." - :
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a.m." J\
St. Paul. .".... August 7 St. Paul.. ....August 28
St. Louis.. ...August 14 St Louis.. September 4
Philadelphia .August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
RBO STAR LINE. :
" New York" and Antwero.
From New~York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.,
Friesland .'.'.....July 17 *Vaderland .. August 7
Pennland ...".... July 24 Kensington ..August 14
Southwark ......July 31 *Zeeland .....August 21
' 'Stop at • Cherbourg, eastbound. t -•' - •.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Acent Paclflo Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO RISEN KAISflT
STEAMER3 WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on"
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday, July 17. 1901
BS. AMERICA MARU.. ..Saturday, Aug. 10, 1501
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. September 4, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced / rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
< W. H. AVERT. General Agent
Aj»aanfj> 6 C Pik NAWA "> 8AMM - NEV >
oceanics.3».co. agMMss
BS. SIERRA for Honolulu only
Saturday, July 6, 2 p. m.
SS. VENTURA for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday," July 11, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
¦ • Tuesday, August 6, 10 a. m.
J. D. SPREGKELS k BROS. CO. , Ginerai Agents, 327 Varkst St
Bra'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R.R. S HT
TO NEW YGRK VIA PANAMA DIRECT;
St Cabin. n05: Steerage. »40.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday,' July 15
S.S.Argyll " sails Monday, Aug. 12
S. 6. Leelanaw calls Monday, Aug. 26
From Sea Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0M?AQNIE GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailtng every Thursday, instead of ttSjCZYb
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, fcJIMtM'l»
North River, foot of Morton street ;• La Gas-
cogne, July 11: 'La Normandie. July IS: La
Bretagne, July 23; La Champagne, August. 1.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. • Second
class to Havre.' $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 33 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Faclnc Coast
'Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. -
OCEAN TSAVEL.
O.R.'&N. CO.
Only Steoxnahlp Iiins «c»
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
ZiO W JsJEII 1 H.ATES.
STEAMER TICEET3 INCLUDE BERTH and MSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12, 22, AOgrust 1, 11. 21, a
SS. GEO. W. ELDER.
...Sails July 7. 17. 27. August 6, 18. it
D.W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt..l Montgom'y. S.F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICAiNA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping: at Mexican; Central
and South American ports. Sailing; from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3 12 m.
TUCAPEL July 61 ACONCAGUA ..July 21
AREQUIPA ....July — IPERU -August —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passengrer nervlca.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passengrer office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GTJTHRIE & CO> Gen. Agents.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S, HAYYlfARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
9:45 ' a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. rn., except Sun-
day. -Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p.m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 13:30 noon. 8 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. ra. Fare SO
cents. Telephone Main 150S. Landing and of-
flce. pftr 2. Mls*lon-»t. node. HATCH BRO&
BAJA CALIFORNIA.-
Damiana Bitters
|S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine. - '
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tontc for the Sexual Organs, for both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tho Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Us own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
¦ 323 Market st, S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
KISCELLAUEOTTS.GOVERNOR WOOD .WILL
VISIT UNITED STATES
Physicians Advise Him to Make
•Trip fpr the Benefit of His
Health.
HAVANA, July 4.— Governor General
Wood was reported better to-day, but his
physicians advise him to take a trip to the
United States as soon as possible. His
condition will probably allow of this in
about two weeks. Acting Governor Scott
has ordered Senor BarcadiJ Mayor of San
tiago, In reorganizing the. police force to
mak<i selections from among the members
of the former, force. -The Mayor dis
charged all the police on assuming office
and has been appointing new men.
Will Change Title of the King.
IXDNDON, July 4.— In the House of
Commons to-day^ Mr. Chamberlain, the
Colonial Secretary," announced that a bill
we uld shortly be • In, changing I the title
of the King; so as to. more clearly recog
nize his sovereignty over 'the entire Brit
ish empire.
Exploding Torpedo Injures. Many.
CADIZ,. Spain, July 4.— During, practice
to-day a torpedo 1 exploded, killing an offlr
cerand two sailors and- injuring: seven
teen ¦ others. Many; of the latter : ; were
dreadfully, mutilated-" :
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times .and.' Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Kort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay.' Published by official au
. thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and .the -successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time o?
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of- the day. except .wljen there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. - The heights given
are hi addition to the soundings on ihe United
States Coast Survey charts, except \ when a
minus C— ) sign precedes the 'height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by. tho charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of tho lower low waters. ¦
GOVERNMENT EXHIBIT
AT EXPOSITION ROBBED
Daring Thief Steals Many Valuable
Stamps From the Postoffice .
Department.
BUFFALO, July 4.— Part of the Post
offlce I>epartment's exhibit of stamps waa
stolen from the Government building on
the Exposition grounds last night. A col
lection of uncanceled United States
stamps from the first issue to date occu
pied an important place in the exhibit.
The stamps .were shown in a pat
ent swinging case . containing leaves.
These leaves /are locked to tho
column on which they rest. This
collection contained some stamps of
great rarity and value; in fact, some were
borrowed from private collectors for this
exhibit. Although the .building is policed
by four officers, the thief ransacked this
collection last night and took stamps to
the value of ?4000. ' Apparently he appre
ciated the value of them, . as he took all
the rare ones and left some of the recent
issues. He wrenched two leaves from the
column where they were fastened and
went behind a group representing a mail
carrier in the Far West, aJid there robbed
them at his leisure. When the building
was opened this morning the loss was
discovered. Local and Exposition police
and secret service men are looking- for
the thief. Some of the stamps cannot be
replaced.
HUSBAND SHOOTS WIFE
AND TRIES TO ESCAPE
Jealousy Is Supposed to Have Caused
a Crime in. Los Angeles. / .
LOS ANGELES, July 4.— Minnie Trask
was shot and seriously .wounded this
morning by her husband, R. D. Trask, who
was captured and is now in custody, pend
ing the result of his wife's wounds.
Three shots were fired at the woman at
close range. One struck her. in the head
and glanced; another penetrated her
breast, ! while the third went wide. The
couple -had separated, but made up, and
were living : together. ; Jealousy is sup
posed to have been the motive.
• :
"Will Study.American Railways.
VANCOUVER. B. C, July 4.— L. B.
Johnston,". who is at. the head of 'the Gov
ernment department of the Burmese sys
tem of railways, Is here en route to Eng
land after seventeen years of 'service in
Burmah. He la returning by this - route
that he may: study the American railway
system. He says the Burmese trunk-line
is ¦; 1100 ¦ miles long, ¦. with . numerous
branches.^ "An additional 500 miles is now
in' course of. construction.' '¦., .•:,•'¦ "
THE Fourth was very quietly cele
brated on the front. There was a
rush of picnickers at the ferr!e3
during the early morning, but
from 11 a. m. to 4 p. m. East
street was practically deserred. After
seeing that their ships weie properly doo
orated, the captains and as many of the
men who were given liberty' either went
uptown or across the bay. The Mail dock
transport wharf, Oceanic dock and the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
wharves were closed and no work was
done except what was made necessary ty
tbe arrival of a vessel.
The best showing on the front in the
matter of decorating was made at the
army transport wharf, -f'ae big "shed was
covered with bunting, while the trans
ports Grant and Buford. decked with siK
nal flags, added to the general effect. The
Thomas, at Harrison street wharf, the
Slocura at Folsom and the Logan in the
stream added to. the general effect and
easily made up the prettiest picture in the
bay. The Doric and San Jose made a
brave showing at the Mail dock, while the
KOsmos liners Hermonthis at Fremont
and Ammon at Lombard street wnarf
would have been a credit to any display.
Out in the stream the British ships John
Cook and Monkbarns. the German ship
Wandsbek, the collier Mineola and steam
ship Pomona, both coming in from nortli
ern ports, had all their flags set and,
joined with the gaily decked ferry steam
ers, made a lively water picture. The
steamer Enterprise at Mission street was
decorated in a handsome manner, while
the Asuncion, which arrived the same
day as the Enterprise from New York,
only flew the Stars and Stripes and her
house flag. The American ship Star of
Italy and the British ship Toxteth made a
struggle for first honors at the north end.
The Defiance was undoubtedly the best
decorated tug in the bay.
It seems strange, but it is nevertheless
true, that for every decorated American
ship in port there were five foreign vessels
decorated. The British and Germans mfidis
a splendid showing, but outside of the
transports the Americans did little. Of
course it is claimed that as soon as an
American ship docks the crew walks
ashore. That is no doubt true, but there
is always a captain, chief officer, watch
man and one or two men left, and surely
these for the honor of the glorious Fourth
could dress the ship in an emergency. It
seems odd, to say the least, to see
the American ship Henry Failing, that
arrived on the 2d inst.. with only the
Stars and Stripes flying, while a few yards
away a British ship had every mast
decked with bunting in honor of the day
which lost to England her greatest colony
and founded forever the United States of
America.
All of the State's wharfingers and col
lectors went on watch yesterday morning
at 6 o'clock and remained at their posts
until midnight. Many an incipient blnzij
was put out by them, while the State fire
tugs Governor Markham and Governor
Irwin made a half -dozen runs to alarms
for small blazes on the front.
NEARLY A COIiIilSTON.
Mineola and Geo. W. Elder Case to
Be Investigated.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company's steamship Geo. W. Klder
and the collier Mineola both arrived in
port yesterday. Before they get away an
investigation into a reported narrow.ps
cape from collision between the two ves
sels will be held by the Inspector of Hal's
and Boilers and the captains and officers
on the lookout x>n both vessels will be
given a chance to tell their stories.
The Mineola arrived early yesterday aft
er a good run of c-Ight-five hours from
Nanoimo. B. C, while the Geo. "W.
Elder came In a few hours later from
Portland after a fast run of fifty-eight
hours. It was on the previous trip of both
vessels, however, that the danger arose.
The Mineola waa on her way from Puget
Bound for Port Los Angeles with a load
of coal. When about 100 miles north of
San Francisco she met the Geo. x W.
Elder, bound for Portland. There was a
(•light fog, and the collier was running un
der easy steam, while the passenger boat
was making schedule time. Captain Kirk
wood of the Mineola asserts that a proper
lookout was not kept on the other vessel,
and that had it not been for the vigilance
of the men on the collier there would
have been a collision. The Mineola's en
gines were at once reversed, and warn
ing blasts blown on the siren. When the
vessels were less than fifty yards apart
the Elder's engines also were reversed,
and the two steamers sheered off. Further
than to say that there was absolutely no
danger, Captain Randall of the Elder re
fuses to talk. He Bays he will tell his
side of the story to the United States in
spectors, and that he has no fear of the
result. .
Royalist Arrives From Sydney.
The British steamer Royalist arrived
from Newcastle, N. S. W., yesterday after
a long passage of forty-one days. Quite
a number of times during the run she
had to stop because of small breakdowns
in the machinery. * These necessitated
running the vessel under a "slow bell" for
day3 at a time, and the passage was
lengthened considerably in consequence.
The Royalist went from here to Sydney,
N. S. W., with a cargo of general mer
chandise. The goods were wanted in Aus
tralia, and the regular steamers could not
handle the stuff, so the Royalist was
chartered to take It down. On her ar
rival in Sydney she was quickly discharg
ed, and then ¦went to Newcastle, where
s=he loaded coal for San Francisco. After
an overhauling the chances are that the
Royalist will go back to Sydney with an
other general cargo.
S. P. Hitchcock's Smart Bun.
The American ship S. P. Hitchcock Is
now out nine days from Sydney, N. .S.
W. f for San Francisco, and . the many
friends of Captain Gates expect his ship
to make a record run. The Hitchcock
went from New York to Sydney in the
very fast time of ninety-seyen days, and
should she ¦ come across in" anything- like
grood time she will equal the time for a
New York-San Francisco run in spite of
thirty-six days' lay in Sydney. / .
The original of the accompanying half
tone can be seen in Morris' art rooms on
Sutter street. It is by W..A. Coulter, The
Call's marine artist, and -was painted for
ex-District Attorney J. J. Dunn. The
Hitchcock was Mr. Dunn's home for many
a long month, and he wants the' painting
as a memento of his two trips around the
Horn.
Water Front Notes.
The steam schooner laqua sailed on her
maiden voyage, since being rebuilt, yes
terday. After being a few months in com
mission slie went on Duxbury Reef- one
evening soon after leaving San Francisco.
Later she was got off, but was so bad
ly damaged that her machinery had to
be taken out and. the hull practically re
built. Captain Gunderson went out in
command yesterday, and the steamer goes
back on the Eureka run.. ¦. . ; ig
Among the passengers by the " "W. H.
Kruger from Fort Bragg yesterday was
Captain Thompsen of the Chehalis. • The
latter vessel is laid up for repairs, so
the Captain went to Noyo to superintend
the loading of the steamer Horda 'with
railroad ties for Guayaquil. The job be
ing- finished, Captain Thompsen comes
home.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, July 4.
Stmr Santa Rcsa, Alexander. 43 hours from
San DIero. . . •
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 25 hours from Eu
re!:a.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, '51 hours from San
Pedro. - ¦ • •
Stmr Geo Loornis, Bridcett, 44 hours from
San Pedro. -
Stmr \V H Kruger, Krog; 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 58 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr Point . Arena, Hansen. 15 hours from
Mcndoclno. via Point, Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Cresient City. .Stockfleth, 30 hours from
Crescent City. •. r " • ' •
j Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17^4 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Mineola, Kirkwood, 85 hours from Na
nalmo. • .
Stmr Xavarro, Jacobs, 10 hours from Bowens
Landlnjr. • "
Stmr Fulton, Lcvinson, 68 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Hinkle, 21 hours from Monterey
and way r>orts. • ' •• •---¦ — • . : :
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 18 hours from ITsal.
Stmr YVhitesboro, Olsen, ' 14 hours from
Greenwood. ' *
Br stmr Royalist, Tlerney, . 41 days from
Newcastle, NSW. • • •
Schr Newark, Cranele, 14 hours from Stew
arts Point. : ¦ " " ' ¦ . • . •
SAILED. .
Thursday, July 4.
Ptmr laqua, Gunderson, Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, .Tessen, Eureka. '..'¦¦'¦¦
Schr Western Home, Jacobson, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN. , -' .'•
June SO. lat 50 JC,'lon'8 AV— Br ship Anglesey,
from Swansea, for San Francisco. • .
June 30, lat 49 N, Ion 7 W— Br ship Lergle
more, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
June 2«. lat 50 N, Ion 11 W— Br bark Blair
lioyle, from Astoria, for Queenstown. ,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 4, 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SOUTH BEND-Sailed July 4-Stmr Rival,
for Wlllar>a Harbor.
SAN PKDRO— Arrived July 4— Stmr Des
patch, from Fairhaven.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 4— Stmr Alliance,
hence June 29.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 4— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence June 30; Br stmr Pak Ling:, hence
July 1.
NEAH BAT — Passed July 4 — Stmr Proi<reso,
hence June 28. for Seattle; brljr W G Irwln,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE-Sailed July 3-Stmr Victorian,
for Sltasruay.
TA COMA — Arrived July 4 — Schr J M
Weather wax.- from Bristol Bay; stmr Czarina,
hence June 26; ship John A Brings, from Port
Townsend.
Sailed July 4— Stmr Victoria, for Yokohama;
Br ship Clan Galbralth, for Queenstown.
PORT TOWNSEND— Pa5sed in July 4— Br
stmr Pak Ling, hence July 1. for Seattle; ship
Abner Coburn, from Honolulu.
ISLAND PORT.
HILO— Arrived June 15— Schr W F Jewett.
from Port Gamble. June ' 17— Bark Vidette,
from Everett.
Sailed June 17— Bark St "Vincent, for San
Francisco.
To sail June 26— Bark Vidette, for San Fran
cisco.
EASTERN PORT.
BALTIMORE— Sailed .July 3— Ship Aryan, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS. \
VANCOUVER— Arrived July 4-Br stmr Em
press of China, from Yokohama.
DUNGEN15SS— Passed July 3— Br bark Earl
'"•.inognn, from Antwerp, for Port Los Ange
les.
CALETA BUENA— Arrived June 4— Ger stmr
Tarils, hence May 2, for Hamburg:.
COLON— Arrived July 2— Stmr Finance, from
New York. .
Sailed July 2— Stmr Alllancn, for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived July S— Ital ship Caval
lere Clamnn, hence Feb 12. . •
BABCELONA— Arrived June 30-:Aus etmr
Marianne, hence April 17.
FALMOUTH— Arrived July 3— Br ship Caw
dor, hence Feb 13.
HULL— Sailed July 2— Fr bark Lamoriciere.
for Astoria.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 30— Fr bark Gen
Molllnet, for Astoria.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived July 4 — Stmr La
Chain;>acne, from- Havre; stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, from Hamburg, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg; .stmr Barbarossa, from Bremen,
via Cherbourg.
LONDON— Arrived • July 4— Stmr Mesaba,
from New York. - • ¦ . ..-^ • . ; .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 4— Stmr Ithlne
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Teutonic, from
New York. '
Sailed July 4 — Stmr New England,' for
Queenstown and Boston. . .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 4— Stmr Colum
bia, from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burg, end proceeded.
• ANTWERP— Arrived July 4— Stmr North
town, from Chicago, via Montreal and Syd
ney, C B.
GLASGOW— Sailed July. 4— Stmr Siberian,
for Philadelphia. ¦ ?
¦ QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 4— Stmr Noord
land, for Philadelphia;. stmr Majestic, : for New
York; both from Liverpool.
. LIZARD— Passed July, 4-fitmr : Vaderland,
from New York, for, Cherbourg and Antwerp..'
Passed July 6— Stmr La Bretagne, from New
York., for Havre. .¦<¦ : :' " • , : '
CHERBOURG— Arrived July- 4-^Stmr '- Co-
Steamer Movements.
lumbla. from JCew York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded. •' • .
KAUEA5 ACCEPTS TTTLE
TO HOST HISTORIC SPOT
Site cf the Eaisinjj of^Old Glory in
Upper I/O nisi ana to Be Made
ft Park.
•COP.TLAXD, Kans., July 4.— Kansas to-
day officially accepted title to the site
eight miles from here ¦where the first Am
erican Has -was raised tn upper Louisiana.
The fite is situated on what is known as
Pawnee Republic, an old Indian village.
The site comprises about eleven acres,
pnd v;as purchased recently by Mrs.
i£;'izabeth Johnson, a leading Kansas wo
man, -who presented it to the State His
torical Society, for the purpose of creat
ing a public park. The exercises includ
ed patriotic addresses and band music.
The speech of acceptance was made by
Governor WllMam E. Stanley.
The Legislature has appropriated money
to erect a fine monument to mark the
rpot, and the shaft will be unveiled on
September 2S next. It will bear the fol
lowing; inscription:
••Erected by the State of Kansas. 1901.
to mark the site of the Pawnee Republic.
Tvfcprp Lieutenant Zebulon A. Pike caused
trip Spanish flag to be lowered and the
f ap of the United States to be raised.
September 23. 1S0C"
Noted TSlcm R?tBm Ftotii Etrrope.
NEW YORK. July 4.— Pierre Lorillard,
who was a passenger on board the steam
er Deutschland. arriving here to-day from
Hamburg. Southampton and Cherbourg,
vras very 511 ¦with nephritis throughout tbe
passage. His friends fear that he may not
recover.
Others of the Deutschland's passengers
were J. Pierpont Morgan, W. C. Whitney
Jr.. W. K. Vanderbilt Jr.. and Mrs. Van
derMlt "f New York and P. A. B. Widcn
rr. W. I. Elkins and Clement Griscom of
Th-ladPlphia: Chekib Bey. the Turk'sh
Minister to Washington; Raphael Josephy,
the musician, and Dr. James H % \Vor
rrann. United States Consul at Slunich,
AMERICAN SHIPS. P. HITCHCOCK, ' NOW* ON HER WAT HERE FROM SYDNEY. N. S. W. SHE MADE A
VERY FAST RUN FROM NEW YORK TO AUSTRALIA^ AND IS EXPECTED TO MAKE A RECORD FOR THE
ROUND TRIP. \ ¦.' •-¦-; '• .
LONDON. July 4.— The petition of Earl
RusfcI! for a postponement was presenter!
at a spw:a! session of the House of Lords
to-day. T"n^ petition for postponement
•was granted and the hearing: adjourned
until Aug:i:si 6. Earl Russeli and his coun
sel occupied seats in the ijar of the Kousc,
•while the Countess Russell (Mrs. Soraer
v.ilPi t\ as seated in the box of the Black
Rod, Genera! Sir Michael B!ddulph. After
the opening ceremonies of t_5«» House of
J>ords Earl Etnssell- himself approached
the bar and handed the petition to a
clerk, who read the document. . • '
Coun.-rl for Earl RurstJl. in supporting
the application, suggested that his lord
sh;>j's proceedings ir. Xevada had been ap
provr-d by legal authority in the United
States. Evidence in regard to the decree
and domicile in Nevada could only be
.giver, in America by the witnesses and
inusi be prepared with groat fulmets and
c&rf. .'• ¦ :
The. Attorney G<?r;eral opposed the post
por'-TrerK- He said Judge Curler of Ne
vada i.« an fssential witness and he must
be home before the end of August- Fur
thermoie. if the application were grani
t-d. possibly the prosecution might col
lapse. ..... • ¦ •
After cocsoltation the Lord Chancellor
announced that an adjournment was
granted to August 6 and no further delay
\\;'l be permitted. It is said to be quite
risible that Karl Rupseil will elect 10
rtar.c; trial on the original date. July lS.as
h:s lawyer* consider the extension of timy
M'-iie instifficten; ts obtain the evidence it
is desired to collect in Nevada.
The Lord Chancellor Consents
to a Continuance Until
; August.
Requires the Testimony
of "Witnesses Liv
ing in Nevada. f
EARL RUSSELL
ASKS FOR TIME
A bold attempt at highway robbery was
made early yesterday morning,. James
Brodie, a crippled ex-soldier, and
Charles Kanan, his companion, being
the objects of attack. They were
walking along East street at about 2
o'clock in the morning, somewhat the
worse for liquor, and were stopped by
two footpads, who ordered them to throw
up their hands. Being v.-ell drilled and
disciplined, they obeyed orders, and the
robbers took f35 from Brodie's pocket and
ran away. . .
' The victims made a great outcry, 'and
gave chase, in which Detectives McMahon
and Holman took part, capturing the fugi
tive footpads in. a saloon in which they
had attempted to conceal themselves.
When taken to the City Prison the foot
pads gave their names as John Hurley
and William Hanley, and were recognezed
as old offenders. ..
- The prisoners were identified by the ex
soldiers, Brodie' having but a few min
utes before "loaned", a dollar to Hurley.
George W. Crook, late of Company B,
Forty-fourth Infantry, U. S. A., was in
a saloon at the. intersection of Kills and
Leavenworth streets jdrinklng early yes
terday morning, and, being apprehensive
of footpads, . took -five $20 pieces
out of his pocket and was In the
act of handing them to the bar
tender - for safe keeping when the
money was snatched from h'is hands by
Robert Burns. Burns dashed out of the
door and up the street with the five gold
pieces clutched tightly in his right hand,
closely pursued by Crook, who shouted
for the police as he ran.
The uproar was heard by Patrolman T.
Love, who overhauled Burns and captured
him, together with the money. Burns was
taken to the City Prison, and a charge
of grand larceny was booked against his
name.
Captured After Securing;
Booty From Ex-
Volunteers.
Other San Francisco Million
aires Likely to Follow
His Lead.
On the margin of beautiful Lake Tahoe
there will : 'probably be built in the near
future the summer residences of a whole
colony of San Francisco millionaires. The
first step, in this direction has already
been taken and the pidneer in the move
ment is I. W. Hellman, . president of the
Nevada -Bank and one of the most ¦wide
ly known of the financial magnates of
California.- Mr. Hellman returned from
Tahoe x only . a few -weeks ago with his
family, and he came back charmed v/ith
the: lake and the country around there.
Moreover, he came back the owner of a
tract: of 200 acres of land on the margin
of the lake, which he purchased from M.
H. de Young. The land was bought at
a merely nominal price. It is wild, the
¦ only Improvement upon it being a small
wharf projecting into the lake.
The tract is on what is known as Sugar
Pine Point, half way between Tallac and
Tahoe City. The point projects far out
into the lake and the mountains are cov
ered to their tops with a heavy growth
of pine timber. Mr.. Hellman; who re
turned from Tahoe only to leave at once
for Catalina, where he is spending the
holiday season with his family, could not
be seen yesterday, but his son, I. W.
Hellman Jr., was. found at his summer
home in San Rafael and confirmed the
story of the purchase of land.
"It is the intention of my father," said
Mr. Hellman, ."to build a summer home
on the banks of lake Tahoe. He. knows
what he wants and is now having plans
drawn in accordance with his ideas- by
his architect, but as yet I cannot say
what the house will cost. That is not a
matter of great moment if he gets what
he wants. It is a beautiful site for a
villa' and the house will be fitted to the
site. Of course, it will cost a great deal
of money to make the place habitable at
all, as it is perfectly wild rrow. It will
be necessary, in fact, to install a plant for
the supply of water and an electric light
plant, and both these things will be done.
My. father will also set up a small steam
boat of his ; own on the lake. There is a
wharf already on the place — that being
about all there is excepting the rocks and
timber."
It is not likely that Mr. Hellman will
long be without neighbors when the beau
ties of his new summer home come to be
seen by other millionaires, and a colony
of the very, wealthy .on the margin of
the lake will in all probability be one. of
the developments of the next few years.
THREE ROBBERS
COME TO GRIEF
He . Will .Build a Sum
mer Villa by the
Lakeside.
HELLMAN BUYS
LAND AT TAHOE
INDIANS SCARE
THE JAPANESE
War-Painted Redskins
Take a Hand in a
Strike*
»
Sjwclal Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 4.— Between
300 and 400 Japanese are penned in a can
nery on tbfr Skeena River because .they
offered to fish sockeyes salmon at lower
prices than the rates . fixed by the union.
They were stopped by the Indians, who
stampeded them* back to the cannery as
they were just starting out to fish. The
Japanese were thoroughly Intimidated
and there Ms little possibility of there be
ing any further fishing done by them or
any one else until the price is fixed.
The. Indians refused some time ago to
fish at less than 12% cents, the price which
was settled by the white . fishermen's
union. ¦ When It • was reported that the
Japanese would probably undercut the
union the Indians declared that they
would look after them and stop them from
fishing. The Japanese took this simply
as a bluff, and on Sunday afternoon they
prepared to start out from the North Pa
cific and Standard canneries. Then the
Indians came down the river in their war
canoes, with ten men in each boat. They
encircled the Japanese, and the latter, be
coming terror stricken, made a dash for j
the shore. It took the Indians less than i
a quarter of an hour to round up tlte
whole bunch without a serious blow be
ing struck. Many of the Indians were in
war paint. ' "
The Japanese were finally all driven into
the cannery, ¦where they had been kept
for some hours when word was brought
RIVALS FIGHT
FOR SENORITA
Battle Between Two
Mexicans Ends in a
Tragedy.
* ,
Sl>«-clal Dispatch to The Call. \
SAN BERNARDINO, July 4.— Whie a
Sheriff's posse was ir. pursuit of
Yuen, a Los Angeles highbinder, waited
for a. murder committed at Ontario, a f»tv
days ago they came upon the dead bo<y
of Francisco Vera, a Mexican, near CraV
ten, thirteen miles north of this city, st
an early hour this morning. A long dirl
was found in the heart of the dead man.
Vera. and another cocntryman quarreled
last night over a senorita with whom
both were In love. They parted appar
ently as friends, but afterward the riva« \
met in deadly conflict.
The slayer has escaped and his where
abouts is unknown.
Show Tont Blown Down.
GRAND ISLAND, Nebr.. July 4.— While
a dog and pony show T?a3 giving* an exhi
bition to-day a. slxty-mile-an-hour wind
struck the tent, blowing It down and Im
prisoning the crowd. A boy, Albert Ste
venson, was fatally injured, his head be
ing crushed by a falling pole. Seyeral
other people were hurt.
down to Vancouver. The solitary police
man of the village near by was powerless
to do anything- with the Indians except
to see that no personal, harm was done
to the prisoners.
- ¦ THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 5, 1901.
Outside the Transports and Mail Steamships ! Very- Few American
Vessels Make a Display— The "Star of Italy and One or Two
Others Present a Fine Appearance, but They Are the Only Ones
BRITISH AND GERMAN SHIPS ARE
DECORATED IN HONOR 0F FOURTH
8
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Noyo. ."
Washtenaw
San Pedro..
Coos Bay..
Arequlpa
G. Dollar
Rival
Clty.of Puebla.
Arcata
Kureka
St. Paul
Milton
Czarina
Bonlta
Corona
ProgTeso
Kmpire
Newburg
Acme
Despatch
Leelanaw.
Nippon Maru..
Newport
Columbia
Matteawan
Santa Rosa
Coos Bay
Walla AValia..'.
Cayucos July 6
Tacoma July 5
Humboldt July 5
Newport ." July 5
Valparaiso & "Way Pts July 5
Grays Harbor July 5
Wlllapa Harbor July 5
Puget Sound Ports .... July 6
Coos Bay July fi
Humboldt July-,7
Nome & St. Michael... July 7
Xanaimo July 7
¦Seattle and Tacoma July 7
San Pedro & Way Ports July 7
San Diego July 7
Tacoma July 7
Coos . Bay July 8
Grays Harbor July 8
Siuslaw River July 8
San Pedro July 8
N. Y. via Panama July 9
China and Japan July 9
Panama & Way Ports. July 9
Portland and Astoria.. July 9
Tacoma July 9
San Diego July 11
Newport July 11
Puget Sound Ports . July 11
Li.
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
I Pier.
' Jnly 5.
Robt. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm
Noyo... ¦.:...:. Humboldt 12 m
W. Kruger... TUlamook Bay .... 5 pm
Mandalay.:.. Coqullle River 4 pm
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am
• July C.
Santa Barb... Humboldt 10 am
Pomona Humboldt ...... 1:30 p
Vucapel.. Valparaiso & Way 12 m
Coos Bay Newport* 9 am
Sierra Australia & .Way. 2 pm
_ • Jnly 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports ....10 am
a. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am
Santa Rosa., san Dieso 9 am
- Jnly 8. •
Despatch Seattle & Fairhavn 5 pm
Arcata ;.-.. Coos- Bay . ; 4 pm
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
San Jose Panama & Way 12 m
Grace Dollar. Grays-' Harbor •• | 5 pm
Rival Willapa Harbor .. 12 m
Jnly 0. !
Ammon Hamburg & Way.. 12 m
Doric- China and Japan., lpm
Bonlta San Pedro 9 am
.Toly 1O.
Czarina..'.."... Seattle & -Tacoma.. 5pm
St. Paul Nome & St Michael
City of Puebl. Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Acme : — , Siuslaw River .... 3 pm
Corona ..'San Diego . 9 am|
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier i»
Pier 10
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pter 1C
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 2
3th St.
Pier 27
PMSS.
Pier 11
Pier S
Pier —
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 11
Steamer. ¦¦ Destination. Sails.
City of Topeka Skaguay &'Way Ports. July E
Humboldt ; Skaguay & Way Ports. July 5
Senator Nome & Teller City.... July ",
Valencia....... Nome direct .....July R
Centennial Nome & Teller City.;.. July 5
Dolphin....*... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 6
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. July 7
Queen Ska Rimy & Way Ports. July 9
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July a
Sails.
sun ]
5un i
Moon
Date
I
6 ...
6 ...
7 ..
8 ..
9 ...
rises
iets
rises
Time
Ft.
H ,W
1:00 6.4
1:55 5.1
3:C0 4.6
4:11 4.3
5:30 4.0
L W ' ¦
0:24 0.71
1:30 O.lj
[Tlmel
L W
1
7:40
8:19
9:04
9:56
10:48
H W
7:01
8:21
Timel
F.t. 1 Ft.
H W(
—0.1 2:46 5.2
0.3 3:22 5.3
0.8 4:01 6.4
1.4 4:44 5.6
1.8 5:34 5.8
• L W
3.9 11:46 2.3
3.9 12:46 2.6
9:u\
I Time I
L W
8:00
9-04
10:10
11:14
.4:5:
.7:3;
i. m
Ft.
2.4
2.1
1.7
1.2
H W
6:23
7:16
6.0
6.2
.0:.'.
.1...
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Noyo. ."
Washtenaw
San Pedro..
Coos Bay..
Arequlpa
G. Dollar
Rival
Clty.of Puebla.
Arcata
Kureka
St. Paul
Milton
Czarina
Bonlta
Corona
ProgTeso
Kmpire
Newburg
Acme
Despatch
Leelanaw.
Nippon Maru..
Newport
Columbia
Matteawan
Santa Rosa
Coos Bay
Walla AValia..'.
Cayucos July 6
Tacoma July 5
Humboldt July 5
Newport ." July 5
Valparaiso & "Way Pts July 5
Grays Harbor July 5
Wlllapa Harbor July 5
Puget Sound Ports .... July 6
Coos Bay July fi
Humboldt July-,7
Nome & St. Michael... July 7
Xanaimo July 7
¦Seattle and Tacoma July 7
San Pedro & Way Ports July 7
San Diego July 7
Tacoma July 7
Coos . Bay July 8
Grays Harbor July 8
Siuslaw River July 8
San Pedro July 8
N. Y. via Panama July 9
China and Japan July 9
Panama & Way Ports. July 9
Portland and Astoria.. July 9
Tacoma July 9
San Diego July 11
Newport July 11
Puget Sound Ports . July 11
Li.
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
I Pier.
' Jnly 5.
Robt. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm
Noyo... ¦.:...:. Humboldt 12 m
W. Kruger... TUlamook Bay .... 5 pm
Mandalay.:.. Coqullle River 4 pm
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am
• July C.
Santa Barb... Humboldt 10 am
Pomona Humboldt ...... 1:30 p
Vucapel.. Valparaiso & Way 12 m
Coos Bay Newport* 9 am
Sierra Australia & .Way. 2 pm
_ • Jnly 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports ....10 am
a. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am
Santa Rosa., san Dieso 9 am
- Jnly 8. •
Despatch Seattle & Fairhavn 5 pm
Arcata ;.-.. Coos- Bay . ; 4 pm
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
San Jose Panama & Way 12 m
Grace Dollar. Grays-' Harbor •• | 5 pm
Rival Willapa Harbor .. 12 m
Jnly 0. !
Ammon Hamburg & Way.. 12 m
Doric- China and Japan., lpm
Bonlta San Pedro 9 am
.Toly 1O.
Czarina..'.."... Seattle & -Tacoma.. 5pm
St. Paul Nome & St Michael
City of Puebl. Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Acme : — , Siuslaw River .... 3 pm
Corona ..'San Diego . 9 am|
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier i»
Pier 10
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pter 1C
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 2
3th St.
Pier 27
PMSS.
Pier 11
Pier S
Pier —
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 11
Steamer. ¦¦ Destination. Sails.
City of Topeka Skaguay &'Way Ports. July E
Humboldt ; Skaguay & Way Ports. July 5
Senator Nome & Teller City.... July ",
Valencia....... Nome direct .....July R
Centennial Nome & Teller City.;.. July 5
Dolphin....*... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 6
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. July 7
Queen Ska Rimy & Way Ports. July 9
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July a
Sails.
sun ]
5un i
Moon
Date
I
6 ...
6 ...
7 ..
8 ..
9 ...
rises
iets
rises
Time
Ft.
H ,W
1:00 6.4
1:55 5.1
3:C0 4.6
4:11 4.3
5:30 4.0
L W ' ¦
0:24 0.71
1:30 O.lj
[Tlmel
L W
1
7:40
8:19
9:04
9:56
10:48
H W
7:01
8:21
Timel
F.t. 1 Ft.
H W(
—0.1 2:46 5.2
0.3 3:22 5.3
0.8 4:01 6.4
1.4 4:44 5.6
1.8 5:34 5.8
• L W
3.9 11:46 2.3
3.9 12:46 2.6
9:u\
I Time I
L W
8:00
9-04
10:10
11:14
.4:5:
.7:3;
i. m
Ft.
2.4
2.1
1.7
1.2
H W
6:23
7:16
6.0
6.2
.0:.'.
.1...
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wholesome Advice
For Peoph Whose Stomachs Are
Weak and Digestion Poop.
Dr. Harlar.dson. whose opinion In dis-
eases is worthy of attention, says when a
puu or woman comes to me complaining
Lf indigestion, loss of appetite, sour siom-
ach. belching, sour watery rising, head- \
athes. sleeplespness. lack of ambition and
a. general run down nervous condition I
(*4vise them to take after each meal one
c.r two of Stuarf? Dyspepsia Tablets, al-
lov.ing ihc tablet to dissolve in the mouth,
and thus mingle with the food eaten. The
refcuJt if that the food it* speedily digested
before It ha? time to sour and ferment.
These tablets will digest the food any- 1
v. ay. whether the stomach wants to or
not. because they contain harmless di-
e^stive principles, vegetable essences,
pepsin end Ciolden Seal, which supply
jiTst what the w*ak utomach lacks.
I have advised the tablets with great
success, both in curing indigestion and to
build up the tissues, increasing flesh in
Ihln. nc-rvous patients, whose real trouble
¦>v2s dyspepsia, and as soon as the stom-
ach was put to rights they did not know
what sickness was.
A fifty cent package of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets can be bought at any drug
store, and as they are not a secret"patent
medicine, they can be used as often as
desired, with full assurance that thev
contain nothing harmful in the slightest
degree; on the contrary, any one whose
stomach is ut all deranged will find great
benefit from the use of Stuart's Dvspepsia
Taolets They will cure any form of
Ftomach weakness or disease except can-
Cer cf the stomach.
§VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
liave been In use over fifty
>*ar« by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their lol-
lowerB. Positively cure the
, worst cases In old and yournc
V arising from effects cf aeir-
abuKe. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Imnotency, Lost
Power. Klcht Losses, Insom-
nia. P*ins In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. «> -~ Varicocele or Con-
nip»t.ton. stoii NfTfJ rvouu Twltrhln*
or Eyelids. Effects pTL^ZL * r e Immediate,
Impart vlpor and«-cr"*=* potency to every
function. . Don't eel despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organ*
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers- Me a
box: « for J2 M by mail. A written cuaranten
to cure or money refunded with « boxrs Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO
iaJ^ FAVOR8TE '
JeL FORWEAEiWOIttEiV. I
- VQjpr iSSi hF e£^i ¦-. Asm £911 B3 " ' ' $3) f?
BjEj LvSfl BKM R0r t/M Jm9 jwCpjj JB Hj vhS Bt~ j rJ
Mellin's Food judged by its results
should convince you that it is a good
food. Mellin's Food and good fresh
milk make a combination that is like
mother's milk. That is the reason
so many babies thrive on Mellin's
Food. < ->
Send for a free sample of Mellin's Food and the picture book of '• Mellh's Food Babies."
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY/BOSTON, MASS
UNITED STATES BRANCH. 55TT/\T1-^ Wl F^ I^T*
STATEMENT — <*" **«=—
_o F THE _ CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS »f^~Fp
kirhTnUnd Fire
iiUVllvil itIIU INSURANCE COMPANY
¦mgr § «( ?>• O F NE^ 7 YORK, tn the Stats of Ne-ir Tork.
ffill s^&« fLu*+Mr\ 31 st <iay of December. A. D. 1300. and
Iff B II ll a I ' H| ffillrU for the year ending on that day. as made to
I I E I I L J HI 9 I 1 L_J thf " Insurance Commissioner of th« State of
XT JB. %&.JIM. 1.TP B.M M. MR. W California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code con-
INSURANCE COMPANY ML" *" blank furilshed by *• Com -
CAPITA!*
OF AJX-LiA-CHAPKIX.E, Germany, on the Araotint of Capital Stock, paid up fa i >
31st day of December, A. D. 1900, and for Cash, . . . — . 0.00X000 (j^
the year ending on tbat day, as made to the ASSET3 '
Insurance Commissioner of the State <QiU- Rwa Egta^ owned c^^f^ „
fornla pursuant to the Provisions of Sections Loan, O n Bonds and Mortgages.. 3.500 00
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as cash Market Value of all 3tocks and
t«t black furnished by the Commissioner. Bonds owned by Company 2.231.578 73
p . . Cash in Company's Office 63.97S 74
ASSETS. cash in Banks 83,090 57
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and Interest due accrued on all
Bond, owned by Company J741.527 SO j*«g5 due tnd ac'c^ted " on "Bond. 15>m "
Cash In Company's Offlce v 40 OS and Mortgages 14 sg
Cash in Banks 75,343 66 Premiums in due Course of Collec-
mterest due and accrued on all '&\i^rZXSu!SZ£z£ *?S 8
Stocks and Loans »-u w Due trom other Companies for re-
Premlums In due course of Collec- Insurance on losses alreaiy paid.... S.M0 S3
tion 95,100 47
' Total Assets $3,105.305 70
Tntal A'Sets $913,533 71 • ¦ — ¦
Total Assets _^_ LIABILITIES.
LIABILITIES. Losses adjusted and unpaid... $132,867 M
Losses adiusted and unpaid J3.84S 03 *^j£ m S^.°lf???^.!Z 90 2=8(53
Losses In process of Adjustment or Losses resisted, including expenses.. 19,847 20
in Suspense 43,o40 83 Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
T-ncsses resisted, including expenses.. 4,640 93 nlnr one year or less, $1,227,923 82;
rvL B .nremlums on Fire Risks run- reinsurance 50 per Cent...... 813.962 $X
Gross .premium .... .» „. Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less S4S-.433 .0. nln(c mQr|? than one |t.292.-
• re-Insurance 50 per cent z«,zi9 62 134 73; reinsurance pro rata 714.373 51
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- All other Liabilities 51,382 40
jg(S5S!SSi£2! £§i f^&*mp~ sss^
AH other liabilities 16.029 26 : INCOME.
.-'¦*. . .._ „. .. Net cash actually received for Fir©
Total Liabilities »«7.81a ao prem jums $1,720,597 M
_„_,«,-_ == Received for Interest on Bonds and
INCOME. Mortgage* 173 00
•M.t pash actually received for Fire . Received for Interest and dividends
rirenifums $542,616 61 on Bonds, Stocks, Loam, and from
¦R»A»ived for interest and. dividends ¦ . all other sources 89.138 83
«n Bonds Stocks. Loan* and from Received for profit on eale of securi- \
aU oth« Tsources.'. 23.552 2 1 ties , 27*2 54V
Received from all other sources 10,410 27 . . 2j.1S9 40^
Total Income $576.579 12 Total Income .H.SC92S OS
EXPENDITURES. ==== EXPENDITURES.
Vet amount paid for Fire Losses N« amount paid for Fire Losses
Paid for State, Rational ana Local Mgff , 87 pa ld for state. National and Local
Another" ¦payments" and expenditures 54J140 72 A *f *^ e V 'payments "an"d ex-pVndVtur'es lsfiJlS w
Total Expenditures $606,370 43 } Total Expenditures. .$1.331.934 23
Fire. . . . Fire
Losses Incurred during the year $356.929 C9 incurred during the year..... $1.178. 023*60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. r.Isk3 and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks Net amount of Risks
written during the _ _ written during the
year. ¦-¦•."•¦ W.521.S&. $766,3o9 ao year $228,988,190 $2,310,836 «3
Net -amount of Risks Xet amount of Risks
- expired during the «-,,.' expired during the
year ......•...•• — .-•• «.61M2a 632.514 5a year.... 192,083,903 2.042.K8 SO
Net" amoun? in iorce *Cet amount in force
December 31. 1900 84.878.215 713.262 99 * December 31. 1900 251.501.173 2.579.960 33
SAM R. "WEED (of Weed & Kennedy), CHAS. A. SHAW. President.
Manager. JOS. McCORD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to beror* me this 1st Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January, 190t ¦ K. F1SHBECK. day of January. 1901.
Notary Public. "WM. BATES, Notary Public
CESAR BERTHEAU-- Pacific Coast Manager,
ALFRED: R. GRIM, Assistant Manager!
MARTIN RASCHEN and GUS MESSIIGEB, Managers Cit^- Department, \
Off ipe— 423 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. • * 1OAKLAND, July 4.— The thou
n sands of people who assembled
at the High Schoo) court im-'
mediately after the parade
were more than well rewarded
for their .attendance upon the
literary exercises. In this, as
in . other features of the festlvltiei, the
committee had planned to give the public
a treat. And it was a treat, for the Rev.
Ernest E. Baker, pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church, delivered a ringing
oration, free from the ordinary spread
eagle Fourth of July platitudes.
The exercises were held from a large
ORATOR, READER OF THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE AND , THE GRAND MARSHAL. OF OAK
LAND'S GREAT FOURTH OF JULY CELEBRATION; ALSO SOME SCENES ON LINE OF PARADE, WHICH
BROKE ALL. RECORDS BY GETTING. AWAY ON TIME. '
The Sixth Division was In command of
Marshal O. T. Wilson and Aids E, J.
Fennon and Frank Barnett. It was com
posed of an excellent showing by Pied
mont Parlor of Native Sons, all in a strik
ing uniform of red coats and white trou-
The Fifth Division was composed of the
Woodmen of the World, under the com
mand of Marshal O. G. Hosslar and Aids
W. H. Robertson, John McKelvey and S.
H. Master. The Woodman band headed
this division, followed by several degree
teams in neat uniforms and a float rep
resenting the order.
J. H. Mullen was marshal of the Fourth
Division, which contained representation
from the unions of Oakland. .
The Third Division was composed of an
excellent showing of uniformed societies.
It was jn command of D. Ai Sinclair as
marshal and F. B. Pierce and C. F. Reu
ter as aids. The Patriarchs Militant sent a
battalion, composed of San Francisco Can
ton No. 5 under command of Captain
Corndyke and Oakland Canton No. 11, un
der command of Captain George Kirk,
the battalion being under the command of
Colonel C H. Weaver. There was a car
riage containing Brigadier Generals J. F,
Crosett, O. H. Brower and E. H. Black.
The I. O. O. F. followed the Patriarchs in
their regalia.
Many Uniformed Societies.
The second division was composed of the
League of the Cross Cadets.
Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Hayes of the
Fifth Regiment of the National Guard
was marshal of the First Division. He
had for his aids Major J. A. Margo, E. H.
Pearce, Craigie Sharp and H. N. Gard. In
his division were the marines, the naval
apprentices and Companies A and F of the
Fifth Regiment, under command of Major
C. T. Poulter. Company A was in com
mand of Captain Hunt, Company F of
Captain' Bennett and Company A of the
Veteran Reserves of Captain C. K. King.
The military was followed by the car
riages containing Mayor Barstow, those
who were to participate In the literary ex
ercises and city and county, officials from
Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley and San Le
andro. •
"Spirit of '76" Well Bone.
At the head of the procession was a lit
tle marching tableau representing- the fa
mous painting, "The Spirit of '76." H. L.
Whitehead was dressed as the old lifer,
with W. J. Blumberg- and Charles Gard
ner on each side of him as his drummer
boy eons. The costumes and accouter
ments, even to the bloody bandage on the
old man's head, as it appears In the
painting, were followed with great ac
curacy by the thrse OaKlanders.
The parade was headed by Chief of Po
lice St. Clair Hodskins and a squad of
mounteft officers. Then came the drill
platoon of the Oakland Police Department
under the command of the drillmaster,
Captain Walter J. Petersen. These were
followed by Grand Marshal George W. Ar
per and Chief Aid Webb N. Pierce..
tenant J. McCormick. Company E — Lieutenant
Kelly. Company F of Oakland— Captain M. F.
Hynes and Lieutenant J. H. Sheehan. » Com
pany G — Castain 'James Toohey and Lieuten
ant Kncwland. Company H — Captain Thomas
Eccles and Lieutenants Daley and Rlley. Com
pany I— Captain H. J. Power and Lieutenants
Waters and Keefe. Company K— Captain
James Riley and Lieutenants Hanley and
Johnson. Company L^-Captain Frank Grlmley
and Lieutenants Beare and Measrher. Com
pany M — Captain Rlddell and Lieutenant Fitz-
Eimmons. Company X of Oakland — Captain J.
A. Kennedy and Lieutenants J. McBrean and
W. Carey. Company O— Captain Joseph Wes
plear and Lieutenant T. Curtln. Company R —
Lieutenants M. McOann and Paul Fratessa.
The celebration was unio.ue' in one re
spect—it was a Fourth of July without a
Goddess of Liberty. This time-honored
feature was omitted entirely. Possibly it
was a wisdom that was born of experience
that caused this feature to be abandoned,
for. three years ago Oakland was rent in
twain ever the question ofvwho should
be Goddess of Liberty. Families and firms
were separated, and this year it was de
cided to have no Goddess, no floats with
thirteen girl? dressed to represent the
thirteen original States, no floats repre
senting Porto Rico, Hawaii and the Phil
ippines trying- to g-et under the Stars and
Etrjpes — in tact, just as little civilian dis
play as> possible and just as much military
as couid be had. .
And so it was that Oakland turned out
a parade that did not take hours to pass
any given point, but was just long- enough
fo that the people were glad to see the
countermarch. Every section of the par
ade had at least a military feature, even
to the Woodmen cf the World, who turned
out sr-veral degree teams, dressed in neat
and natty uniforms. The real military
was hard to get, for there are few com
panies at the Presidio. Congressman Met
calf got the famous Captain Meyer's com
pany of marines that is now stationed at
JIare Island after their experiences in
the siege of Peking, and a very interest
ing feature of the government display was -
the presence of a battalion of appren
tice beys fr^im the Naval Training School
en Goat Island. Ttiese boys came over
in their dark blue uniforms, under com
mand of the officers of the receiving ship
Pensacola. and made an ¦ excellent im
prwrion. Their presence gave a good idea
to the public of the work that is being
done at thip new training- school that Is
to near Oakland and yet so little known.
League of Cross Prominent.
The largest single display was that of
the League of the Cross Cadets. The en
tire First Rejrimpnt of this organization,
composed' of fifteen companies, thirteen of
which were from Sun Francisco, turned
out under the command of Lieutenant/
Colonel D. J. McGloin. They broughw
their own band, a drum corps and a bugle
corps, and had fully COO in line, making
en excellent showing. An entire division
was given over to the League of the
<'rofs, with Daniel Crowley as marshal of
the division and Charles McDermott, M.
Flynn and D. J. Hallahan as his aids.
Colonel Power of the First Regiment is
f-ick. ro Lieutenant Colonel McGloin took
command, and marched at the head with
the regimental staff, composed of .Surgeon
Major Morxissey; Captain and Adjutant,
P. J. Haggerty; Captain and Inspector,
P-rnjamin McKinJey; Captain and Inspec
tor, J. F. Donohue; Captain and Inspec
tor, V. I. Carroll; Lieutenant Thomas
liranpon and Lieutenant \V. Beasley. The
officers of the three battalions followed;
Firpt Battalion, Major Daniel C. Deasy
and Adjutant ' Frank Gonzalee;- Second
B.ittalion, Major James E.- Power and
Adjutant George F. Welch; Third Bat
talion. Major John P.. Duffy and Adjutant
John O'Brien.
The companies and the' officers In com
mand were as follows;
Company A— <~"ajitain Wtlliam Hooper, Lieu
tenant.* Mr-Carthy and Wilson. Company B—
Oaotafn Edward Glennon and Lieutenant Mc-
Carthy. Comyany C— Captain Philip Bannon
and I,Kut*nanti« Frank •Dorety and \V. Quinn.
Company jj— Captain F. McCarthy and Lieu.
Goddess of Liberty Omitted.
But'the eniire day was a ereditable and
pieaeant one, tba,t ha,g p.reu^ed«the city
end created more pood feeling nmong the
public men and merchants than anytning
tlse that has taken plaoa ;n rn&ny years.
It was eo evidently a &zy &f gsoa feeling
that it has ieft e. p!ee.6£-n{ sensation be
hind that gives promise of more harmony
er.d more ot pulling together for the city
than has been the went of Oakland In the
days gone by.
While the arrangement« for the day, as
made by the committees Jn charge, were
excellent, there was one feature over
vhich the Oaklanders had no control — the
weather. This feature was as attractive
as any of the day. The weather was per
fect. This- statement la generally used
with extravagance, but it can be applied
to the climatic condition* that existed in
Oakland to-day with ab£r-t5vite accuracy.
The day was bright, warm, and Avith a
trifle of breeze in the afternoon that
tempered the heat. It brought out duck
troueere and duck ekirts and bright colors
that added to the picturesqueness of the
day and made the crowds that thronged
the streets and the banks of Lake ller
»-ltt more comfortable and good natured.
A man does not seem to get drunk in
¦white trousers with the same facility that
he 4oes in dark ones. .
And fo it was that the thousands of peo
ple who turned out during the day to see
and be Eeen, and to help to add to the
noise and to dodge that made by others,
all declared that the Oakland Fourth of
July was a success.
Good Feeling I* Created.
Many Uniformed Societies and Military Bodies
Help to j Make the Line Moving Along the
Thronged Streets a . Brilliant Spectacle
— Fine Adds to Pleasures of Day
OAKLAND, July 4.— With a day
that was better than if It had
been made to order, a parade
that vras very pood in its sev
eral features and did not" have
too jcany civilians In line, a re
putia en Lake Merritt that was
so pood thai li will probably become an
a:inual event, literary exercises that were
not too Ions to be tiresome and not too
short to epoil.the pood thlr.se that had
been prepared, with iiict enough noise
and enthusiasm to make It a real birth
day anniversary of inn nation, Oakland
celebrated the Fourth of July.
Jt was not quite aa brilliant ft display
f;y that at 1S58, when Oakland celebrated
the Fourth of July and the destruction
of Admiral Cervera'K fleet eft Santiago
el' the tani/j time, and had the finest eham
battle lliat ever took place in the State
on A dams • Point. That wan the last eel
rbration or the kind ihat was held in
Oakland, but there were unusual clrcum
names thai made thai celebration one
lone to be remembered. MlUUiry features
were liletitiful jit lliat time, and the en
tire Montana regiment participated in
the eham battle, This year the parade
committee found it almost Impossible to
pet a military chewing from the War De
jiartment, end it had to depend upon Con
pressman Metcalf'e influence with the
S'avy Department to get some marines
end a deuichinent from the naval train
ing station on Goat Island,
PROCESSION BEGINS
ITS MARCH ON TIME
bF PI^ASU^ PEOPLE
GREAT THRONG HEARS
REV. BAKER'S ORATION
Mayor Barstpw Presides, John A. Britton
Reads the Declaration of Independence
and Joaquin Miller Recites His Poem
—Pastor's Address Pleases Thousands
tlon of the morning, together with the splen
did reception so lately accorded President M.:-
Kinley, I am proud to be a citizen of Oak
land. She is keeping pace with- the coast
cities and Is sure to share In tha prosperity
of the Pacific States through the awakenirg
of the Kast. . . v
A Grecian . philosopher laid It down as a
rule o* oratory to begin a discussion with an
incontrovertible proposition. Acting on this
s-uSKesticn from the past, J venture to sj.y
without fear of successful contradiction th.it
this Is the greatest Fourth of July ever cele
brated in this century. Being the first it cai
not help being the best, but it is the begin
ning of a long series of similar and grander
celebrations that shall follow through cen
turies yet unborn. America was spoken of as
"a ¦ magnificent experiment" and Macau lay
referred "that experiment In democracy
called America to the twentieth century "
America is no longer an experiment and the
twentieth century proclaims her success and
accepts her present place as a permanent fac
tor In the affairs of nations. It Is my purposs
to review the Fast briefly, for the day la
charged with history, as well as noise, and
then to touch upon paesent problems to pre
dict the future that seems to be assurred.
Inspiration From Liberty Bell.
It was my good fortune to make frequent
pilgrimages to Independence Hall in Philadel
phia, where sat the Continental Congress a:i<l
where; the old liberty bell hangs, cracked as It
is. To visit those halls and to look upon that
bell, with Us Inscription, "Proclaim liberty
throughout all the land unto all the in
habitants thereof,", is to rouse the spirit of
patriotism, end in the lansrauge of Daniel
¦Webster to say, "Thank God I I am an Amer
ican."
From the reading of the Peclaration of In
dependence I trust that you noticed that lib
erty was declared to be an inalienable right of
man. That by nature they were free and
equal. That is an axiom in politics. A self
evident truth that needs only to be announced
to be demonstrated. Our forefathers there
fore did not become free that first Fourth of
July. Being free men, they became inde
pendent of oppression and this is rightly called
Independence day. Let me say in, this con
nection that what wa» a perfectly right prin
ciple of action 125 years ago may not be so
safe for to-day. I mean that it would be
suicide for a nation to maintain Independ
ence to the point of isolation. We are in tha
era of the brotherhod of man. which applied
internationally becomes the brotherhood of ra
tions. The solidarity of the race is accepted
as. true. The Englishman and the German
man and the Frenchman and the American
man have manhood in common. Hence the
need of international courts of arbitration,
as provided by the Peace . Conference, or. bit
ter still, a supreme court of nations, as si K
gested by Dr. Lyman Abbott, to which all
controverted questions between nations might
be referred for final adJsA^-atten.
Let America Spread Her Influence
Into this -wide world arena America has
been, led by the "Providence that shapes tur
ends, rough hew them as we may." It may
be that we have come of age as a nation. A
man attains his majority at 21. Perhaps a
nation . attains full stature and responsibility
Let "us awaken to the vision before us of
national opportunity. What is wanted is a
new enthusiasm kindled by the entrancing
view before us as we face the future this first
Fourth of July in the new century. The paet
of the day has srargested the annexation of
Canada and England. Why stop there? Why
not gro on to the annexation of the world,
which would be expansion with a vengeance?
Only let our hand be no hand of conquest or
oppression — not red with blood nor stained with
pelf. Let the hand of America be the hand of
help and education and commerce and civil
ization and evangelization, so that all the
world inspired by our presence may look up
and give all hail to America, the beneficent.
Dean Farrar when here was ; asked his views
of America and said, that our problem would
be to maintain the equilibrium between fta-
OAKLAND, July 4.— The parade thjs
evening was without form. The crowd
came out to make a noise and have a Jolly
time without a set programme. The bulk
of the' evening show was on the sidewalks
and not in the; street. Everybody was
good-natured and enthusiastic and the en
thusiasm was contagious. Everything was
noisy, but within bounds.
The effort of the evening was unique. It
MASKERS HOLD
A NIGHT REVEL
Elks Turn Out Their Famous Bailee
¦ S and Company A Keproduces .
Return From' Camp Gage.
sers; a float from the Modern Woodmen
and several camps of Knights of the Mac
cabees.
Several of the best machines of the
Oakland Fire Department closed the pa
rade.
The parade did one thing that was re
markable. It started on time, and Grand.
Marshal Arper kept It moving with few
stops until it disbanded. At the close the
literary exercises were held in the court
on the south side' of the High School.
Fourth of July Injuries.
OAKLAND, July 4.— The Fourth of July
casualties treated at the Receiving , Hos
pital were as follows:' ' ¦> «
was proposed to have a parade of "Hor
ribles." The parade was late and rather
straggling when it did arrive, and con
sisted of two efforts to make fun. The
Elks turned out their famous. ballet that
made such a hit at their, minstrel show.
This ballet was draggles? a. take-off on a
Roman chariot with captives bound at the
wheels. Company' A of the Fifth Regi
ment'did a clever piece of work in a taker
off upon their return from Camp Gage. The
squad was dressed in the most remarkable
military costumes with a commissary
wagon, the supplies in which consi&teil
mostly of bottles. In addition there was
a throng of boys in masks and many good
individual costumes. * V
The costumes were better than those in
many a pretentious masquerade. But it
seemed that Oakland had reserved all its
noise for the evening. .'Firecrackers,
bombs, fireworks and everything tha t
could, make noise or light was ,used. .It
Is said' that. more fireworks and firecrack
ers were discharged to-night than at any
other celebration in the history of the
town. . . ''
The streets were decorated with rows of
Chinese lanterns and there was an excel
lent display of fireworks in the City Hall
Park, making a fitting ending to a day of
which Oakland is proud..
BLIND bully, Samson, grinding so,
We laugh, we laugh to hear you roar,
The while you boast you shot a Boer
And burned hi? house and all within!
Why, donkey with the lion's skin,
You did all this to US pi yore.
And yet — we banged you, doan-cher-kneow?
We banged you, banged you, laid you low, , ..
At Saratoga. York and such—
We Irish, English, Scotch and Dutch!
Then learn to let such folks alone;
Then learn to let King George's throne
. Remember; it won't cost you much—
But then — you're English, doan-cher-kneow?
And we're your sons! But we shall grow,
Grow fairly, squarely, tall, alone —
A continent that scorns a throne!
What makes we'USmen want the earth
And all Acadia's wealth and worth— 1
All earth and Canada our own?
Why, we're part English, doan-cher-kneow?
Invader, outlaw. Freedom's foe.
The time has come when you must pay
For towns you burned, or — Canada!
We banged you twice, can bang you thrice-^
Old man. there's music in the air!
Get out, get off and call it square,
•Or music, music, doan-cher-kneow!
Fair sister of the sun and snow,
Broad Cahada..brave, staunch and true—
What star to stud our field ofblue!
And jf your king. Edward the Fat,
Should signify he don't like that,
Why, we'll annex old England, too—
We yearn for islands, doan-cher-kneow?
By Joaquin. Miller.
-A. F3L.EA. IN" EQUITY.
July 4, 1901.
USLAND TO. ENGLAND.
It is the personal equation of perfect man
hood put into ; citizenship and lived at home
that will make, America the conqueror of the
world by peace.
The* exercises" -' closed with the "Star
SDansled Banner" bx the band." .
billty and presrress. between liberty and law.
The dar.srer is conservatism en the one hand
and unbridled speculation on the other.
At the close of the last fiscal year, Juna 30.
1901, America was commercially Ipdependen: of
all. the world. "This is both our pride and our
weakness. Tha'danser is that we will trj to
build our national life out of machines and
manufactures; out of wheat and Iron and g>ld.
The proshet of old predicted a time when a
man should be more precious than One gjlil.
Governments... religion, property, books, schools
are nothing bat the scaffolding- to build a nan,
Earth holds up to her Master no fruit but a
finished man. ¦ "Men," said Pericles, "anj a
city-and not -walla. l#t our national prayer
be, "God, jflve us men." ¦ _;
Powder Grains in Eyeball.
BERKELEY, July 4.— Through the pre
mature discharge of a . toy cannon '.this
morning, little ' Gerald Hampton, . the 9
year-old son of. Leo F. Hampton, of 2005
Lincoln . street, nearly lost .his eyesight.:
He was bending over 'the gun, examining
it,, when, it: went: off. The grains "of pow
der were driven not only *lnto his cheeks;
but into his right eyeball. * Dr. Farrar
was summoned, -and -he "put the.boy un
der : the .. influence i of . chloroform i for two
hours, while' each .grain of a powder was
picked 'out- from his .injured- eye. Tha
patient : will:; be confined.. in ' a-Tdark : room
for' several' days,- and ultimately, 1 If' Is
hoped, his eyesight will be: saved.-: ¦
platform erected at the south front of the
High School building. After a medley of
national airs by the band. District Attor
ney John J. Allen briefly opened the meet
ing' and introduced Mayor Anson Bar
stow, who presided. John. A. Brltton
gave, an eloquent reading of .the Peclara
tlonof Independence. Then Joaquln Mil
ler, bewhiskered, and clad In -his own pe
culiar raiment, recited the poem of the
day, written by himself, / \- -'
Mayor f Barstow^ Introduces 0 raton
Mayor Barstow introduce^ the Rev. Mr.
Baker, .who said: •, . . r . i '.-.
Fellow. CltUens: '. A* great minister on an
historic occasion proclaimed himself "a eltl
zen of no mean city." In like * manner per
mit in«,-: by ' way or introduction. . to Bay with'
tha Apostle Paul that I am a citizen of no
meancltv. - After tha naxade and. damonatra.-
Prompt Work Saves Building and
Confines Damage to Small Space
' , on Boof. ; .¦'.;¦
BERKELEY, July. 4.—A' wrecked fire
balloon landed on the middle of the roof
of the old High School building on Cen*
ter. street this noon and ignited the -dry
shingles. The Marston Hose Company
answered the alarm, but found some.dif-f
ficulty in reaching the blase. The hose
was carried to the second floor,, but it
proved of .little use, and the firemen re
sorted • to passing buckets to the* roof,
which was cut away, leaving a large hole.
The flames were • stopped before they
reached the school-room below.- .Little 1
damage was done by fire, but the water
has run through two floors; and ceilings,
walls, blackboards and desks ¦ have suf-
BALLOON SETS FERE
TO OLD HIGH SCHOOL
fered badly. Itis estimated that $300 will
cover, tb.e damage. ..... „ '
. The building' was to-be prepared for
the reception- of -the^Berkeley. Commercial'
School in August. The injuries to the
building are not serious enough' to hinder
this work. • .-•/ ¦ ' ; ¦ •-¦• '- : ; " •'.'. '
James Dixon. ; v
'OAKLAND, July 4.-*"Whlle'runnlngto a,
firo'thls afternoon the horses on engine
No. . 1 , slipped J and | "before • Driver - James
Dixori could save the team they tore into
the Weilbye building at Seventeenth street
and ; Telegraph' avenue, .wrecking two
large plate glass windows of tha Colum
bia Cyclery, smashing i an awning end
throwing Dixon against an 5 iron stanch
ion, . breaking his right collar-bone. De
spite the" in jury, . Dixon stayed -at his post
and, after recovering control of the team,
continued on> to the fire on Telegraph ave
nue and Twenty-second street; .The blaze
amounted -' to nothing:,', and. Dixon drove
home to'the station, at- Fifteenth .street,
near San Pablo avenue*/
Horses Crash ' at Full Speed I Into a
Building," Seriously. Injuring
ENGINE DEIVER HXTRT )
' IN A COLLISION
OAKLAND;, July 4.— Mrs. TV. P. Court
ney, wife of the Councilman of that name,
had her pocket picked of a purse contain-?
Ing $47 50 while she j was watching the
parade this morning onBroadway.
Pickpockets, at "Work.
I I Albert Ingelhardt,9 yearsold/ residence
808 Castro street, hole blown .through
cheek by exploding cannon. . -
Ernest Holloway, 16 years old, residence
Seventh 'and Market streets, right 'foot
cut by explosion of toy cannon.
§ A. Bilse, 16 years old, residence 5390 Tel
egraph avenue* left hand wounded by toy
•pistol. ..-•-. \ ' > :
J. H, Williams, 88 years old, residence
San Francisco, face, burned by premature
discharge of 'cannon.
John Brown, 42 years old, , residence 1015
' Franklin street, hands burned - by fire
crackers. - " . r
Lawrence McDonald, 8 years old, resi
dence Arlington Hotel, shot in thigh by
pistol. '¦',;"-
H. F. Kilborn,' 38 years old, residence
Twenty-eighth and Myrtle streets, hands
torn by skyrockets. ;
-Arthur Gibson, 13 years old,' residence
716. Jackson street, face cut and burned
by premature explosion of loose powder.
Cassius McComb, 14 years old, residing
at 714 Sycamore street, shot in the hand.
Adolph Hasselback, 15 years old, resi
dence Eighteenth avenue and East Twen
ty-first street, severe powder burns on
face. . - . • .
PASO ROBL.ES, July. 4.— The Fourth
was celebrated here in a fitting manner.
Dr. H. S. Boys was grand marshal and
Miss Jennie Iverson was. the Goddess.
Literary exercises were held in the park.
B. M. Shackleford was president of the
day and the oration was delivered by
Cecil Marrack of Stanford. S. D. Mark
read the Declaration,- and a chorus of
twenty-five voices, under the leadership
of Mrs. Ladd, sang appropriate songs.
Songs at Paso Robles.
There was an anxious group about the
Judge's bedside la«t evening. During the
night he was in a very serious condition.
OAKLAND, July 4.— The physicians in
attendance upon Superior Judge Frank
B- Oeden at his country residence
near IsTlles have decided that with
the slight improvement In their V pa
tient's condition to-day they will not "per*
form an operation. Although there is no
question that the patient Is suffering. from
an acute attack of appendicitis, the doc
tors are now hopeful that he will recover,
and thit the, drastic measures of a sur
gical operation can be avoided. ,'
Night, but He Bailies Toward
1/Loraing.
Judge's Condition Is Serious During
PHYSICIANS WILL NOT.
OPERATE ON OGDM
Indeed, the doctors were extremely con
cerned about their patient's failure to
chow signs of rallying from the severe
ordeal of suffering he had undergone dur
ing the day. But toward morning the en
couraging signs of an Improvement re
warded the long vigil of the physicians
and the family, reinforced by trained
nurses who had been ordered from this
city. as the Judge's condition grew stead
ily worse.
. . • . : •. ¦ . . ¦ .......
THE SAN ; FRANCISGO GALU ; FRIDAY- JULY 5, 1901.
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FK1DAY, JULY 5, 1901,
10
SAJf FRAA'CISCO CALL. LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE Cob. EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE. HELP WMTOD— FEMAI^^eii/ , {_ : -_jMLP^WAJTT^iD^MALE-^r^n.^ r . MISCELLAJfEOPS WANTS. Lj^iHI^L. 1
— o __ ..„ '' ATTENTION " BUYERS! ' WOMAN wants work by the day. cooking. WANTED-2 exoerienced waitresses at Inter- WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; $60* WANTED— Second-hand Martin guitar; con- MRS. LAMB , *^ n M^° paI^ S j^ n^ d a f lld fa °°
business OFFICE of -The San Francisco You may buy any rooming-house in washing, housecleanlng or window-cleaning; national -Hotel, 824 Kearny Bt.; wages $20 . monthly paid our graduates; two months cert size; state price. Box 4317. Call offlce. reading; lessons given, eif jonen sc
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open the cU and fQr u best of reference; $1 per day. Address Call and found. ; ; -y. ..--,. y , . ,; completes; more calls, for our barbers than , h,nic eheckn with 2c Imprint MMB GERMAINE the business palmist of
tintll u o'clock every night ln th« year. ln monthly payments " branch offlce. 300 Hayes st. - -,. • .-- ¦ WAMTFn-int*in»nt T^Tt •** wnm^n' : we supply; tools presented: wages Sat- B T A^^v«™^ 1^ n^ a g^^* h . Zc lm P rlnt ' rg^p^me Coast? l to 5. 906 Market .t.
_,_.-____ _____„„„ sL- , r *___»»» xtrert «.«». .v,-i~-.o. n ¦ . W AJN li!.l>— Intelligent, trustworthy- Woman, un l 9 .,.. Hlnlnmaa irt^fntaA- hn« tuisnn now ' DOUght. . Room lOUS, Call DUIiaing. me t '"-""' »-»<»->. ___^__^__^__
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery Street. from the profits i . TE ACHER, Protestant speaking , French flu- over 28. by wholesale house; no bookkeeping ¦ -^1 ?; ' inte "a^r SMctol ofefto-aw' TT _ f ._ T . ,„„ ..._,, cIothmg especially H JEROME FOSSELIO. Hdentlflo palmist. 513
'VXSZ'JSSL^Zf.Si*. - 18^ Market Ch^t.a d n eS f re nAllyrnnb^t«orTo^ne%ru^ fT Tt TJT" \ 7^ Mo'ler bI^B^ %J5£§g g^ S^^FcS^ "^ylor St.. bet. Geary ,n< Post: tel. Black SB,
CSS McAllister st^et? open until 9:80 p. n. DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market. try. Call at 1605 Franklin st.. corner Pine. * an t|£ & L^J^T^xtw tl WANTED-Hard rock miners, wages $2 50 per ' ¦ ; rnrFnv ,
CIS Lartdn «t«et; open until 8:20 P. m. «pt H ititatkw ¦ YOUNG Danish girl to assist ln housework ln MR^ DAVIS ' * «t. , Apply to day . , ab wageg $2 per 'd ay; 5 board lg « 8 "MOSEY TO LOAX. ._;.... PH1SICIAXS A.\D SLRGEO^S.
1MI MissKm .treet: open untU 10 p. m. SPIR1TPALIS ?- a relpe C ta?lefaSi y ;° nfobfecUon^chiTdrel? bdto Jh ". '/ t ; T |S Ap'ply"^^^ Ne^^iaria^Q' Mlnfng 1^ "S ITy-AmSnfTiSliS^rrr: £BTH^Ta55i5S5^fflSral5r«5«c..
a^ass-ssast* T^.-ffija^caff«wa» something « w D ew ; t he b^- i^ ss^att^K
Northwest comer and Ken- many c^untr^; ug. I-^.'S bSfA gggSS ffi pg^r *!', Swages. 523 Pacific st. 1^^ I WSS^ igfiK R McCOLGAN s t. room 3. testimonials at of nee. Ho- 117 Mason, nr. Ell,,.
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. o,-* Laj-kin MIS"? BRnrwiN kt« u«rri«nn K t win do GOOD sewer wanted in bindery;. MYSELL- tlculars call at offlce, hours 10 to 12 a. m. and Trr; — — -: rr ?• " PILES.
=M FHlmorV rtreet; open until 9 p. m. lXn arKtn - m ; 1 housewfrk naWeT " ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st. 1 to 4 and 6 to 8 p. ml. 105 Ellis St.. room 31. A-MONEY to loan at ra^ f. c = n . :
mre^T^ vnnrPS "T^ance/buTh^'Sum: life reader; exam- GOOD cook by day please state party lunch- OPERATORS and finishers . on gents' white WANTED-A first-class ironer on skirts shirt So^'borrow^of your friends or you will' 'lose whZhSTsuf&rt »*to SoVeuS-
BIEETiyG ROTICE8. to6i or<! . oll lc;ca t ion8 . medlca i clairvoyant; e on or plata'SSi.; rea^onablef cannot call *"'rts. 53 U Valencia. waists, etc.; a steady place; wages $30 and thelr frlendshl p^ d » business with strangers e d r st^° rae3 °«J ? prominlnf business 7 m?n
GOLDEN OATE^C^PMENT. No ,3 ufl^ trja ts c^s only to work. Epicurean, box 3527, Call. .send address to ¦1Sr A f tBL td ' tfwW StanfOrd ™ S&J^.^J^y^fflg'JK^fe" 0^^^^^^
I. O. O. F. Of5« sni aad members you V caj . $ , eU $ , Tel. Hyde 2461. LADY wishes sewing and gents' mending at MRS. HERTZ, .06 Ellis St.; no charges. WAISTTED-At blaster Bakers' Protective As- amv nrnraMl Hn n MV amo unf 6 per cent- first. Particulars address Physician, box 1950. Call
RESUMED business-Mrs. Dr. Farnham.the home. Room 7, 150 Fourth St. EXPKRIENCEI .front hands : on negligee- **%£?££$£&? probat^^teVe^t offlce. S. F.. Cat
n. jesse, THIS FRIDAY. July 6, at l world-renowned spiritual medium; advice ln FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York, enins. n jessie st.. nttn floor. bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma- j n estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur- '
o'clock p. m., in Encampment Hall. I. O. F. a n af^irg m life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths; wishes engagements for $2 the day. Apply A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and nent Positions. 127 Mason st. . lties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining real ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
Building. F. L. TURPIN, C. P. unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir- MRS. N.. "WAHLQDIST. 509 Kearny st subscriptions has been established at 1096 wavtpt^T^ ~Z — \ 1 — ZZ^Z Interests; corporation loans. R. 16 1st noor. ,
WM. E. DUBOIS. Actinc Scribe^ _? des Sun.. Wed.. Frl. e^-e.; letters answered. ¦ „_-_ ' p „ -— Valencia at. esiapiisnea *v i«« WANTED-La.borer| and [mechanics to know chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN. jssoo-TERMS to suit: verjr handsomely deco-
— ' Residence fno signs) 28 McAllister St. WINCHESTER House, 44 Third^t., near Mar- -—-—-— -—~~— _— _______»_>__^_____—^ tnat Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still — ¦ ¦ rated and sunny 10-room residence: substan-
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. L <SsM«^ ¦ ¦ l S ; ' , ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $160 to „„, „ ' runs DenTer House. 217 Third St.: 150« largo IF YOUR PROPERTY M «T, T rt»OFn "ally built and finished by day work; every
O O F-— Members are requested £&ZgS2£g JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c, Mon. & Frl. evee.. JS week; convenient and respectable; free "bus HELP WANTED— MALM. rooms; 25c per night; Jl to $2 per week. IS r°Vri-^Dxfv possible latest improvement; heaters, reyls-
to assemble ln the lodge room g : i5 ; w"«d. afternoon, 2:45; sittings daily, 10 and baggage to and from ferry. '¦ 1 : : _~~_ - . ~^-~ ,^^^- . — ~,-r t -.r. — ~ and y° u need niore money, see H. MUKrm, t , v_ sm , D i a to and art 'glass window*
on FRIDAY AFTERNOON. July '^">^ to 4 except Sun. 1S09 Stockton, nr. Greenwich. ¦ OOTOTT^ A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main E848 PENSI0N AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS, . 630 Market st Loans on estates ln probate. *" s : '^ sm - •*£ a ™J yi^- the choicest of
6. at 1 o'clock, for the purpose of attending ! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions A L^a^dlnTEmiloynfent : and'Labor Aeems Past C° m mander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2. undivided Interests in estates, second mort- f ny ' n ?ar ranhandfe-^arg« lot 2Sfoc°o£ • Fb"!
the. funeral of our late brother. GEO. R. MRS. GILLINGHAM. spiritual meeting 8 p.m.; received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore. . .TT. TOFFI(^ OPEN 7 A M TO^DA. Y G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market. gages, eta . >*~Ar: ; "^ J« netr Shrader, iiySs Jr McAUl.ter
J^ T D > J Sr^1n^ L S SO R^ ?I iec e Grand " "tearing sealed questions. 305 Larkin; take el. A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and KAILROAD MEN READ THIS SHOEMAKERS- wanted-Lasters. puller-overs HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain .t. cars'.: open from II to 5.
WM. P. HCMPHBbib, «ec. aec MRS. HARLAND'S circle, 8 p. m.; also Sun.: subscriptions has been established at 1096 ooMF'nvF EVERYBODY , READ THIS on Ideal lasting machine; good pay to the liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low- sale— New cottaee 4 rooms bath, larca
THE members of the funeral com- -gggSga^ sealed ques. ans., 10c; readings 50c, $1. 148 6th. Valencia st. - . , COME ONE • COME ALL right men. Apply foreman. 103 Mission st. est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market *^ e J*ent near Union' »t. Pierce* Bt
f 0 e 0° f p ae S^q«^S jTniS M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium; "nup.^,,., ¦.„.-¦, „„_, WE SHIP FREE to every railroad in Call- ENGRAVERS wanted. California Photo-En- gt; tel - Maln 1641 " Bra " Ch 19 Th ' rd Bt ' ' ' ¦ ~ '-"-
at Odd Fell^wB'min, SATUR- "^Wliw* sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 60c. 215 Leavenworth. _j?f*" L P_ i y E^ T _ ? i Y A^ nnS PT' MALK> N ri w'"liY P " R " SANTA PE R - c - graving Co.. 513 Market st| steady work; MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds. REAL ESTATE — COWTKY — For Sale
DAY. July 6, at 1:30 p. in. sharp, to attend the CLA IRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana; A MIDDLE-AGED, unencumbered, highly ,..:....:". ..^llii^WwORK':.".".':.':. 1 .".'.':.'" highest wages. ___ _ mgh^st'prlc^ fTr old sUv^dl^radl: FOR »le-A nice home. $2300: «^ acres In
rnceral of our late brother. PHILLIPP on i y 10o xl Mlnna st ., near Fourth. trustworthy attorney wishes employment or SANTA FE R. R. CO 'S OWN WORK • WANTED— Errand boy for this of See. 316 Sut- -^Ur v 1 ! ! prune orchard; also house and barn and
WAGNER. By order of the N. G. CTT^vnepTP tt.h ™ . fnA1 ,, gtn , Mrc r T remunerative connection with a law firm; SANTAFEWORK ter st. ; LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private family orchard in Pleasanton. Call at 42',,
e H. HOLLING. Rec Seo y. FRIENDSHIP Hall 335 McAllister-Mrs. C.J. agreeable association more an object than re- ....SANTAFEWORK..: VZ, \ m . T .x - v Z 7~1 1 7, party; no removal; no commission; conflden • Clara st: JOHN STEVENS
gAS FRAXCISCO Tent No 18 K. Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10a numeration. Bor 4318. Call offlce. • 125 laborers to work on Santa Fe system..:..; ™ M v EN . to TJ bu < L S T li£ (^ ad ( e 1 , t 9 0^[ t der V $1 *** tlal. Room Tconservatory bldg.. W Jones. " * ™ bAJUVJi^.
EDWARD EARLE. » EUis-Readinrs daily; MAN and wife wish positions on private place "^ '""' CO - "? ""T "^ „ ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money P gS^gS? &&ff£S3^^tiE\2S!
tll^o^L U.° ° 1OCK FiOn ° er WM Pe8nCe SUn - TUeE " ""^l^ P ° lk — roo f rt a T r iXa\e% XPer c i o e oT d e h t°c USe Xrd r els 0ma T n g^? P^ ™en " mo.nVn^ noon and EXPERIENCED wanted. My,,,- nE EST VTE^^^^iT^B^
; H -R^ S £&r. CLAmVOY^TS. . - MULROONEY, 398 3 Twenty-fourth ,t. city. g %^^"~^V=:^& McDONALD have 500 pa^s second- DEAL dlrect; furnlture> plan03; Do removal; " 'V
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- . g>| , a^L^oIn^Z^r^^ "SE?^ J?££ SpeSffie- "SSLS 5^g^SS^^S3SS2S?^ ¦ hand- shoes for sale; 50c. 241 t Third st low rate ; strictly private. Llck,116 McAllister. ™. £&*£*%£££
donian Club THIS EVENING at 8 5L HSf HIGH PSYCHIST Box 3533 Call office eXpenenCe ' rererencei >- S. P. K. R. CO.'S OWN WORK SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of o.VE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each bearing trees, all kinds of fruit: price J10.0CO;
o'clock Hall 11" Larkin He tells your name, condition, desire, hope?. : : : I A carload of laborers to work in section, world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r 1. f Or San Franci»co property. Eox 4313, Call
trtreet ' ' 1 "*5e5<6 etc., without asking a single question: cures YOUNG man. aged 20. wants plice as butler; steel and rock gang, Santa Barbara and Los -„„ 7 ~T " ., -. ¦ 1 ~ 7"
A. M. MACPHERSOX Chief diseases without medicine; shows you how to useful man; best-reference. A ddress box 4342 Angeles division , WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand 3% on furniture and pianos; Jl» up; no removal;
JA«J H DITVCAX Secretary ' avoid bad luck and how to make yourself Call office. \ FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1...'... army shoes, $1 up; sollng^Oc up. 923 Howard. no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st .- iirrmi I Mmnmmni rmrmn
-— — — — -^ lucky; reunites the separated; makes harmony — : : On all the railroad work — ~ : 1 ~ II I \| U I A A II V H \i I I\H ill H l\l I V
THE annual meeUns of the San Francisco So- ln your home; gives accurate advice on all SITUATION as handy man; any kind of work; Remember we ship thrice daily AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. B. AiiAinUuA AU J L1V 1 lOLiuLylH J»
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani- business affairs;investments,minlng, oil: read- sober and single and handy with tools. Box MECHANICAL HELP. order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 JCearny st. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building. .
5Jf, 1 5.J rll i b %^* W - to ,Si e P*"™" bu « dln * on Ings by mall; send stamps for terms. 125 Turk. 4319. Call office. waSkSXth sTfo^av- nlrne J££k?J r^&'ird* MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed MONEY loaned salaried people without security. , ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
Xn D a A boaM ly of^"tees a win O bt 0 el k ec?ed m -- MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card ENERGETIC, steady young man. university CarSprf ' grid m^nin^SSanytT:.!!!*.^ free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California. '
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary. reader, bora with double veil-second sight; graduate desires position in or Woodworker for camp, $52 and found; ranch WINCHF^TFR House 44 Third st near Mar- LO\NS monev on salary- no lndorser- Eastern ALAMEDA and Fruitvala bargains for Invest-
iGgg.,,^,!.^^. Call at » ff^^^&^^S^rra l^sgcair-oVr 8 " M ' 3^ 33 e8tabllShed " »" THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts. gEM t^^^iJff STg^S.
= MME. MONTAGUE clairvoyant and palmist. GERMAN' baker, second or third hand on 2 m ° re machine miners, Siskiyou County/ $75 n — 321 Parrott building. j p in e ; highly decorated; lot 85x170 feet
Wired- ££kl W«ill^n-VpXmlW7' Mrs. Dr. Savler, queen of clairvoyants & palm- POSITION wanted by young Englishman: un- lera, *75; 25 strong' laborers to. do mucking. * R^ p *f r .^"^^.^S^-^fSp!' . A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
paireo. postaj. aisa Mission, tel. FoisomjLWT. ,^. name - s and q datrs: l. 2s c: G . boc: mail $1. demands horses thoroughly; flrst-class driver; large mining company. $00 and found; 15- S^rJ 1 ,?'! 1 "";., S^«iil^^™llv MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. 18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
iavrn»vr.'- E .m , . w 1SUH Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095. can milk, etc., etc. Address box 4346. Call. quarrymen, $60; 50 laborers for factories, brick ¦^ TT S 1 }^" 1 J: '/^X'vt £ ? a fi etoesday. ; —^
ATTORAE»S«AT L.\.W T . ; ™ ; ' ¦ — ¦ — yards, etc SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. WE have decided »to offer every one who buys ALAMEDA COTT4GES FOR uif
-~~~ ¦ ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and T0^ N . G man - a / e de . sl . r !? P° sltl °n in offlce; 1500 laborers, city and country. $175 to $2 60 \ WATjr> o nMT p rPglst< > ro^ vmnB - thnmnrthrM' a new piano from us during the month of A1 ' AJ1 ** AJA .VV-* * At *^ 5t . _* " K aAL^l.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op. wholesale preferred; strictly temperate. Box per day brokw ?£ sfddif and iSi.^ lady^drlves July -a special cut ln price amounting to FOR sale-Modern cottage, (rooms: Bath; "tot
no fee without success: collections. G. W. 6th: private readinss dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. 345,. Call office. ¦ MISCELLANEOUS him- chean a* $150- don't answer if you are about 30 per cent discount for cash purchases 60x130. 1518 Mozart st. Alameda. Ma»tlck stn.
HOWE, atty at law. SSO Market, cor. Stockton. — YOUXG man would like to hear of a tv^ltion Stage driver - * 3 °: stableman for vineyard ?™j C B ne f ? D *'." honS ° lin O>arv%t and 2° Der cent on Installments where all ¦ — £
.-...„- . : „ , „ MRS. BROWN, olaln-oyant. card reader; 7^T™C business- cftv exr^ienre"- eompanx, $30; groom for gentleman's stables; looking for a $oO horse. Ha Geary st. payments are closed up within two years; ¦
w DAvnwfv C w I Tf fl rvIr«t SU^; e n S m^ S." ""^ gcntS SUth st> lood reference Box 43«^ Ca^ Tl office ' 5 stablemen, city and country; 20 men for WELL-BROKEN 6-year-old horse.- 1100 pounds. our regular price, have always been consid- A . yi lVn * nifrnTTCrifr\TTC
\\. DAMDSON, S27 Market st, opp. Masan. MaUorY o i alrvov>m t card 'reader- when oth . K "° u relerence - P0^ ««. o^nce. large lumber company to work In mills, yardg M. D. MEYER & CO.. Geary and DevisadorO. erably lower than many houses charge for ()A\LAI\) A III T K I SH 111 P l\ IS
-— - — — — — — — — — — — Mr?. Mallory, clair\ojant card reader, when oth- GOOD baker wants situation- reliable- city or and woods, no experience required, $40 to $6o : - same class of goods and there will be no UniVL/illll/ ill/ I Lill 1 1 JJUlULji » 1 J«
L. S CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- ers fall consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c 917 Howard. Address Gl\ room 674 wfnche^ and found; deck hands. $40... 40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast raise to offset the cut; just think what this
ket st.: consultation free; no fees ln advance. MME BERN - ARD 17 m et gone on vacation- «r HoVel Th™d ? st AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT pacers. 721 Howard st. means to you-a WOO pliio for J350. J400 for nnB , rc ., t _ x,,,^ . _.,.. . v
¦ win" D * wntrh ™^fr f«r «i ¦ ' ! 750 men r ? work ln hay and harvest on ¦ TT .. . ; r : 1 — T $2S0. $300 for $210; call and see the instru- OFFICE 1118 BROADWAY.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN. » ul rftunl 6C0n ' atch tt>T **• AN experienced oil-well driller wants position; farms, orchards and vineyards. $1 25 to $2 50 AL^ 3 of *%*???', X yL g &'?\?f? t ?i, harnes ?' ments. Decker* Baumelster. Smith & Barnes 1 1_
TTTr^? — Tl ; : — TT^ : MME. SCHAFFER, claln-oyant. card reader; can give references as to ability. Address per day; cheesemaker, $30; 50 milkers. $30 to etc., cheap. EGAN ft'SON. 2117 Mission st. and Marshall & Wendell. THE ZENO MAU- ft . K1 . »- tii^at pst , tp
sittings dally. 4is£ Jessie 1. bet. 5th and 6th.' R-. room 69, Golden West Hotel. $40; 6 men to work en hay press. 20c per ton; A N A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light VAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st. OAl^a^pj^AXMBSTATB.
', 1 , MME AUGUST ctoirvoyant card reader and CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscripUons Bremen and boys.^^ . camplng wago g for sa , e cneap « a2 M , SBloD- 11^
S OR 3 children to board, week or month: best Mlmistry^ truth or no ,ar 25? 1149 JHsslon received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st ' STEWARDS COOKS ¦ - - - 8 £?ft' *"??. ?i°, ™, **?**»' , fl ? t f bo T e ' and
care :s unnyya r d:nr.schooi : r,asonab,e.i 6 07Cal. £?£££ A ™™ n A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and . Se^J^n.VS < Sn»- TSi HORSES WANTED. Eu^v^plancs - ~ 'S&VS^&S^ii^^hSSS:^
BOOKS-NEW .« C OLD. advlcel r*m£ tiZZf JlVWaA It" ha, been established at 100S Sg^t^J.'ffi, Sfe h £? l^lA wanted to work on .crapW M "four f^m^Vano. " -^ """• *""" 2 C^'
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st. A ~f-?".-"!? J A ?!. I j % -° J A^° JJ S^ A^^. < !: FEATHERS RENOVATED! MURRAY & READY 684-636 Clay st. 1 *" pla X'* »,«? mT ,A f nr .,1. „„!»*, ,v. $33SO-EAST Of Sroadway; comfortable horn-.
— WHEN you become disgusted with poor work rrrrrrr" — ~ 1 TI at r> t> wavcpm a r>rt >c mi r«—« .t • nnircn'Q Tn i u"n «« ii™ h«,« wii pv b Aim m of 9 rooms ln the choicest part of Oakland;
BUSINESS CHANCES. send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat- FEATHER pillows mattresses steamed. AT CR. HANSEN & CO. B..... 104 Geary st. ; HOUSES TO LET. new piano house. ALIEN Ca. owner non-resident; reduced price for a quick
•„_ wnrVe ra "«7 Tphnmn «t • t«i Qnnth in renovated. E. J. O ROURKE. 1393 Valencia Wanted— 1000 men for new railroad work ¦~ > ~^^^^~^~~^ >^^^~^^^^^^'^~-~~~^^^^~ i >^~^ 933 Market st, 8. F. (Oakland branch. 9ol cash sale
7-^^naZnun{^'^^r^7^VX~Z^ Ing Works. 3a3-3j, Tehama st. tel. South 40. £.: phone Capp 2682. va le ncia Teamst laborers, choppers, drillers, muck- A-PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr- Broadway.) ¦ • Ca8n Bale - GEO w AUSTIN * CO
A k^n. R e?c^ D K^arg; i V a rdfa r Sout- S^Ue's BEATING. Sc: laying ? c; WB ov.tlnr. Cc up: ====^====^ ====^ == __ ===== ers and tunnelmen fo? cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 1« Montgomery. alL lano9 purch>sed of SHERMAN, CLAY "VbA^, tj^Sid.
from city: a business paying Al. and well work guaranteed. T. R. Co. : phone Scott 1313. FLATS TO LET. .v^X AT 24 Morris ave., off Harrison, near 6th— & CO. may-** exchanged for a new Steinway tS50-COZY llttto bunralow cottar- all .m«
known. K. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st. RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices ¦ ~ : •-"» ; Tr Uc kee sunny 5-room house, $13; In good order; water upright or baby grand piano any time within * S^ D n V w Xmbtee^loT«5^0&t- ctoS ?a
A-W»; COFFEE saloon and mfu»nt: 1 reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263. <^^ M Sft3E «*£*^TrUVoel &1 free; appreciated If seen. »^ars^f ro^date, of p^rcha^e andjhav. full *£ J ve . ..^J *&•.%, J"-^
block south of Market st. ; dally receipts from CONKLIN-S Superior Carpet-Beatlnff Works, ceilings;! iooking out on^Park? marble vestl- w«» 7™! ?- ,f^?S J v FINE house: 9 rooms with rear lot, on other month; some e ood pianos sold for $3. U and terms " GEO W AUSTIV A CO
fM up; clearing about J400 per^month; a rare S33 Golden Gatrave.; telephone East 126. ? bule; furniture for sale, which Is new and r-l' F^* Sh d 'd.^ &F»« street. 1218 Turk St.: rent $35. V J5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. 1W8 Br^w LlL
.hance. Call R. G. \MLKE. £CU Kearny s£. — ; — — artistically selected: open bet. 10 and 4 o'clock Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare ¦ — Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter iw» nroaawa>. uaKland.
A-5550; SALOON with S6 furnished 1 rooms; $350 A ?el. Main S^GEa'wALCOM, PrSrtrto?'' €Twry d>r ' Key at m °° U 8t - 50 laborers for section work on Sulsun. Stock- INSTANTANEOUS WATER IIEATEIl. ?™oSn*°™ r BrOadWay "* **»-&* CAS "' on '*? t !*™»;, *>*}«
cash, balance on time; rent $60; located • : s« WFLSH «t off 4th bet Brvant and Ttmn ton and Merced divlslms. $175 day board ' — inirteemn si.. uaKian«. Eastlake cottare. 5 rooms bath. hall, high
Fourth st. Call R. G. WILKE. X* Kearny. JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren- nln-Co"v sunny flats- J^ rooms^ach "in rel? : $1S..... ! Freeware HOT bath ln ten minutes at cost of 2*ic: saves ANY piano sold by us taken back any time : ,!^IJT^HS- 1 «T^ 17 J^", 1 ?* :
A-FROT and veritable store with 4 room.- ******** »- s E1 g° th et ' ** X - JeS8l<? 1061 - rent $6 50; new plumbing, painting and 150 laborers for ditch and levee work. »3 to - lire in range; you light your flame and by the within S years and full purchase price . I- Jj«»« P* a b \ a^ k 1 fZSiffSSd™- tirt " £oo
7m?«t> on <3?,T^Tr « • !E«tt» V,r°? m ' riTv gf .m o.^.t t^-m,^ tv v. — ? — w" papering. 52 25 a day; 20 farmers, haymakers, milkers time you are disrobed your bath Is ready; no lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular eamy, l dicwk rrcro Hroa^ti way .cost »>00.
rtttVnr'^ii^Bo^h jfr : Tni^' rtUtw v^mS sn,^ J\ri R»i?ii ni ' ' and choremen, $35, $30 and $25; 6 lumber danger from explosion; sold on Installments; price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a &« n^i STIN £ £°-.,
"stf k/,^? Kt "^ STE^ E^ S - Mgr-. »•«> Sth ct.;.tel. South 2oO. ftjrxisHED complete for housekeeping-! pliers, $35. Bee boss here .7.. call and see it ln operation. RIBBON piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 1003 Brot.dway. Oakland.
¦ * "- c »" 1 - "• j E MITCHELL Carpet-Boating and Reno- room3 and bath : lower flat - 1908 Filbert it; HOTEL DEPARTMENT WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607. O'Farrell st; established 1850. $6000-ELEGANT home sacrif ced; corner E^shm
A— $330: DELICACY store and branch bakery. vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st: tel. Mission 74. call after a p. m. • Fry cook, country hotel, J65; attendants' cook < A LIST of fine seTTond-hand bargains— 1 Emir- and Adeline sts.: only 1 block from station:
with S living rooms: rent J1S: kept by owner ¦____.- _ r— ; . orwm ,_¦ ry F\RRFLI i«"s 33 35 near s^tt v»r» .t for an Institution, $40; cook, hotel, north. $50; LOST AND FOUND.- ' son 1 Hallet & Davis 1 Conover 1 Curtaa. 1 13 rooms; modern plumblm? and steam fur-
U years: choice business location. Particulars C 4 R 5 E^ S ,S «"? n ed at the lowest ratel STRAT- t^ R |vT flats 5 6 ?^o^ fSdb^thLoh" 6 second cooks, fryers and broilers, p to J70; X .. *.Z"^.*.Z.,£. ",\ Sterling $75 $125 «45 etc.; eas'v pa^SSnta, nace; finished basement nnd attic: newly
R. U. WILICE. 26H Kearny st. - TON. 3 Eighth st.: telephone Jessie 944. j^ct Uefl atso 6 7 rooms and bath each. assistant confectioner country hotel. $25 and LOST-Dog; cocker/ spaniel; dark red or brown; BENJ CURTAi?' & SON. 16 O'F^ell " U Painted: convenient and prominent location
A-*T50- PALOOV no better located mace in ' rents reasonable. _ , ld , 0 dlshwashers and kitchen hands, , no co i la r; answers to name Bon Bon; return ' Chlckerinr. Vose. Sterling Agency? also local physician or San l^ranclsco bysinet..
A^^Uy^^$5?;%^cKia S P ur$l-S CHraOJPOlHSTS. PINE fl ™»»£e^S ! S-SS^VwS? maTw^r-foVspringsr^rSwaUeVsV counl ' to !348 Geary st. and receive reward. Apollo, kfng of self-player,. I co^n? £? l t$3>JV& ta
E!r T ,™° nt^ : , "? "is* 1 work - See R. G. ¦2J G^OW : TTans^u^lo^s^c^rn7^a?tr^ DacKjara nne Dasement. .inquire or owner. try hotels, $25 LOST-$5 reward, liver-colored Irish water ALL makes; great bargain: $50 up; rent 3 $2 GEO. W, AUSTIN & CO..
•WILKE. 264 Kearny st. .__ bUln-wJalnfess cure Dr Dwckn 415 Sutter C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st. spaniel. L. P. H. BOLANDER. 115 Main st. up allowed; we want agenU; pianos furnished , ¦ 1008 Broaiway. Oakland.
5«ju — «.oai ana wooa ytra; good bus; low rent. „>. -.~-^..~ J _^___^_^__^__________^_ — ™——— ¦——»——— —¦™—-——^— *^-^ BARGAINS Haines $'90- Kra*ner $135- Nleo- ~^^ .^— ,
5H°~^![? cenr / : ,^ r: est- 9 yrs V 4 livinEr rms - G p° RGE W KELLY'S Acency— No charge un- $26— GRAND flat. 6 large sunny rooms; modern SHAMPOOER. $10 week; 2 hotel cooks, coun- MATRIMONIAL. mann $140; Cable, '$175. ' W. C. HAMILTON, n , K , AVn F[ :;mti HI' pon aiiP
J350— Bakery; 6 living rooms; cheap rent. less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. i n every respect 1127 Guerrero st., between try, $50 and. $60; boarding-house cook. $40; ¦ r . ."^,* "*; *ZJj-^^Z~H U^^J^ 8 Flood building. OAKLAND rlu.MUHK KOIISALE.
$500 — Grocery, fruit; cor. store; no opposition. — ~"^~*~~"*~™~"* **—^ 23d and 24th • " second cook, country hotel, $50; restaurant f^^TT^MFNpnMshTni ¦ trTTnj»irrv"wpa l th v inrllpo — — — ' ""^^^^ «^^^^^— ~^~ r~^~~>~~^
We have some very genuine business oppor- DENTISTS — cook, country, $40; German barkeeper, $40 and frnd Tor for latest list MRS HFRT7 70S F11U IF y° u wlsh nrst-class repair work done call AN Introduction to you from !H. Schellhaas. the.
tanities well worth investigation. "^lJr.iZZ-7^ FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath; $12. found, country; oyster man and waiter, $10 eena me ror latest list, aiixt.. nbKi/i, <ut> i^uis Rn ' d , nspect our f actO ry. BYRON MAUZY, furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
WALTER HAYES & CO., S38 Market st AT the'ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar- 716 Natoma st. bet Eighth and Ninth. week; hotel waiters, $25; kitchen men and Ai»rr"ni»ip«:«i7'e avti munwe 30S Post st - ¦ ' ' 7
YOU can be suited tn any kind of business by *?,^™ T - " me^o sL " ?' CROSETT & CO - 628 SaCra " MA^™^ S8B ?- A .^° PILLOAVS : Keeffe's, 214 Past-Bargains this wk.: Shonln- KOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
caUing at office. * wtJhou^ ? SlfS^ our loecialtJ^^old crowns FLATS TO LET-FURNISHED. mento st TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol- ger. Schubert. Behnlng and Schumann pianos. 5 U^HANr^M2^iu^n7^o^^^ n Ir7 o r^7,7?:
fz vc <VTTWT'T'\rTT4'Rrt 017 XTor-v-c* •» n a«. wimoui plates our epeciaity, goia crowns, _^___^^ . ._ _, — .rw*.-^^.^--^.-^^o. . «terv Al carnpt ripanin"-- hnnpnt work- * ; ° tUjK^tiAir* A?*, .ou^ — aunny corner panor suit;
TOIL' Market . 6t - near »M "P5, p^ t ZV\ t oT6 t n 0I m'Tun*d 4 a v B U 9 P: t O ° 2 " m ~ F °^ nicely furnished rooms with C °*2ffii IS B5 l W.!l i * m ,T 2 | n^ *Z?l IntTe'd. HOPKE BROS^ 411 to 415 Powel! st; TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher $95. complete housekeeping; gas range; bath; rea-
nOOO-^ANDY stre and factor,- bargain- sick F^^&jSc^i&f&AZ.'' bat} '" JbfeJan'^^un^ $^7 St M - Buah <21 " Chickering $1S5. Room 38. 217 Geary st sonab.e; also others.
W"cu^ of^le jSLAUGmTv & CO ~ ; ZZTt ' '" fare paid: assistant dairyman, $30 and found; «^.^..^ . , ELEGANT standard upright piano: little used; ELLIS. 1127-2 or 3 nicely furnished front sunny
?f™ Market et' EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges FCRSITURE FOR SALE. milkers, $30 and $35; 2 choreme^ $30 and $30 MEDICAL. party leaving city; sacrificed 782 Ellis st. rocms. with bath; private family.
t.i-q »»¦»" p«- an( j finings; extractions or fillings by my — auarrvmen $2 50 dav 4 bark Deelers S4^ and * — ~~~ ' ¦ ~ ¦ ¦
J1C00-FIRST-CLASS millinery store for sale- wonderful secret painless method; 20 years' 4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7 board ; 4 laborers to help carpenters $2 25 day • A-RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap. FIFTH. 348-Suite of rooms, furnished for
owner moving away. Addrei MRS J C • £ P SJ^iJPJ££S2*.^?£ range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market. laborers for^dredger. $35 aid board; drivers n fc SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st. housekeeping; rent cheap. .
DUBOIS, care Call office. - = Sf ""^^ 'ZJti"™? 4 T^ Sale^SSSalnf." relieved" 1 by "treatmeVt' sut A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights $100; pianos FIFTH 353-2 or 3 furnish*! housekeeping
°5A 1 IL^ R -^ i n te t O f CefOr6aJe - J ° SEPH A-NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose PeaTT FURNITURE WANTED. ggSSkg *' *' jj«^ |-'^^ *$* **&%*££ $2 upward. BRUENN. 20S Post st. from $10 to $20; also smgle. $4 up. <
BAILIE, ..9 Market st. . warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings. CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market-Buys furniture , T TWF rAT FMPT » TMF v T xrvK,^ e^'wlmmtAlaMynUwed^tt^vMir ?80-FINE upright: baby grand Steinway; other FILLMORE. 2212. near Claj-3 large sunny
FOR SALE^igar store in good location; low «*:£•*?• merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071. A 6 T 9 ™B CAL^MPLOTMENT^AGENuT^' l^^^^^hdomni^^B^l makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Ml B slon. unfurnished rooms; nice yar-i and water; $10.
rert: good proposition for party with small warrameo. v-nicago cental ± «tnors. a oix>.n. _—_-__— —__—_____^^_^ rajlroad i aborers s P _ Co# . s own wcrk ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar- A LA RGE lot of second-hand upright pianos FOLSOM. 620. bet 2d and 3d— Sunny furnished
capital For further particulars call on PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— Golden Gate Auction Co 928 Howard st u A. and Santa Barbara dlv.«..$l 75. $2 50 anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market. for sale cheap.. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister. room: also housekeeping; laxge garden.
MICHALITSCHKE BROS. & CO.. 410 Mar- Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c. WQLLpERT „, Mlsa ;; n ' . 1<» men for new road $2 and $2 50 per day hINDO^ERB home treatment; the most won- $ 3 per month rents a beauUful piano. SCOTT- GROVE, 352-Two sunny rooms; furnished or
— — AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st-Work done price for stcond-hand furniture- tel Red 1354 Office fee for above^ „.:.„?. .....¦."."..¦'. $i derfur^mple, sure remedies ever known for CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st. unfurnished; light housekeeping; no children.
PHTSICIAN. graduate of best Eastern and on w«^kly Installments: lowest rates. v penma nanu lurnuure, tei. «ea iah. , 0 w e ! t Mnds $2 Mr dav indigestion, tapeworm, neuraleia, leucorrhea, _ . ¦ — -—
European universities, desires to meet lady or _.„ _, T w^o^,.-., ro Z — 7T* Auctloneer-L. Vincent, 1305 Larkih: tel.Polk694; ¦ i6 lumber piltra."' "$35' p4r month i and board gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me- HYDE. 112-Just furnished, front suite, house-
gentleman with $500 to J1000; great oppor- R J'- W 4' LS £' '^i, Gea , r 7- nr - L a .rkin-Pain- , furnlture . & furn . d houses bpught; spot cash 10 m^en for rock quaVry T. ™ $2 25 free fare 5 exual organs: treat yourself; be your own Alllster st. . keeping; also large front suite, private, bath;
tunity: investigate. Call room 44 New West- less extraction 50c; plates $a up:phonePolkll3o. 1 — '-J1 «. «,{Sl° eountrv IS \caw\ ViOn/r mnnth doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment. $4; cm-a gmPAnr i7»g \farirat It -con other rooms: reasonable; modern.
/ir^,rrr:r:::i '^¦^BS^ayaaa^F x>T&ava,g KS=p^ : PES gsa^j&jenck-s; ar 'jgsrzxsims&rxr H gasggs r^
**¦_ z'**-'»-f''* * u"».i6 a buuu uusiness is oaerea " . 9 handy men for boiler works eountrv a ttjtt itmwt ?>!«.«¦ la mia«ntaoH ,„ „].¦» <_ SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. " ¦
AfldrSjTlS^rQfll^lSf th ° f Pr0prietor - L^^ T T pri^ nt l"t s S -^^fs?on^t el c^ Ct 6 O th' HELP WANTED— FEMALE. S^SSSCT X ™™™W*tor l^yU™™£&&£;?t& MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. McA LLISTER, 538-NIcely turnlshed sunny
Aooresg pox can ornce. - 50c. N. Y. DenUsts. 969 Tlssion st, cor. 6th. j 10 swampevs for lumber woods. .$45 per month j longest and most obstinate cases Immediately ' . = front rooms; sink, gas rangf. bath, laundry.
FOR SALE— Saloon and lodging-house oa ac- VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun- AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st. * tree fellers $55 per month relieved without pain; travelers helped; no OFFICES AND STORES TO LET. mt<<STOV -^2—s nr 4 <mnnv -nom* r»rr,^h»H
count of sickness. 212 East Et days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. HOTEL DEPARTMENT 4 crosscutters $o0 per month delay; consult free. MRS. DR. . KOHL. 1123 . . C omnlet4 for hhnSceenin^ \i£?F n\i^?{f»t>,
=r ; ; : — ! ¦ .-. WANTED a linemen $70 per month Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's. LIGHT, cheerful offices: $15 and $20. Emma complete for housekeeping, stove, use of bath.
S TOTING G " Waltre66es WaUresses Waitresses EMPL o YMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny st. MRS. DR. WYETH.h., removed from Post st Spreckels building. 927 Market st.
-rrrir ; — ¦ ,m clty 60 R. R. laborers, Uklah and Santa Barbara, to 410 OTarreil; reliable ladies' specialist; 26 : housespg. $9 50; large basement rm. ; sun; $6.
°gS5 ; °,S 1 Sl£?. *#?,£&?? bathg to DETECTIVE AGENCIES. . Spring ' &^»\%^^E£ti2£ tf& lk% l^Cl^Xl^^^S^l M °' U ¦ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscHption, ' M^CAlggs^^tTvTTg^c^^ . - = |£S country, fare $1 20; porter, $30 and found. before and during confinement; low P fees. CAUgTOOA OH jnd^ Sf^STg. ££*£ ZuZTT^t, ' .1 Z Z
a'Sa'ch "n. >ZS2™ ™T ' d ;SW"«»aSSfflE3;BSKK£ S» / • B ofS lll^oT^Vor^VVol^ A offlS^or CT B S^S^.^^SS e^ct^Omce, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex. "»
A ,?£ A^SS,g g^. fc LS» "* room, S23-324. San Frnncisco. tel. South OT. Commerc i a i Md Hotela wlU sell for $125; reason of selling, wife's nev^r fails; the S Statlnate c^s^es reUeved COSTA RICA-Lest chance at 10c;. big advance SECOND. 212-Furnished room, for housekeep-
VulenrJa ?t. «»Diisnea at ii»» -¦ commercial Hotels poor health. Auburn. Cal. - without pain; best care; fee low; consult free. In a f ew days. Pacific States Mining and Ing and other rooms; neat, respectable, rei-
= DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES i^undressM.V.'.V.V.Fancy 'i-'onerkV.W.V.Vdoo^ JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union- MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason. Investment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings. »°°able.
, - L °- P - GIV - G " HOt SES FOR SALE - McDOWELL Dressmaking & Military School- In8tltutIo^f«7T%""T^5;nVM^T5^ 8hWaShers Free employment. 9iJ Market st. room 207. DR. and Mrs. Davies. 1228 Market; our regula- OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all STOCKTON. 607-Furnished ajartments to let;
~^200f Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st. Cooks"" Houfe^lrls Secondgiris I- LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. - tO r is a treatment superior to others, has sizes; bheap. H.. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. nice, sunny housekeeping apartments.
™SHiIiii« SSlfc^::;:r%S SSS "$^£ZteggSM®UB&&. ¦SS^SSgSSs .™ *™ °bc..a^ "*-¦
SS^SBK^^MiJ ==1^P=~ tKS^nsrs -.^s.-^^ir^.g.a,^ »ffi^^aEttfare&ss: gf|gfSpp^^?^s?^;
22 rooms on Market Ht i?no ATOES' Leading Business College, 723 Market- '¦ 1 at 81 Zoe st ., city. ¦ PPR«flV4m ¦ THIRTEENTH. J18— 2 sunny rooms for house-
33 rooms- corner ii^n « per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a NICE neat nursegirl. used to small children; -ZZ-ZZ — ZZ '. f MI$CELIiAXEOVS— FOR SALE. •< ."^¦ It . & " J >AljS> keplng; unfurnished; second floor.
KS^SXBSlSS^^ff^ - C f O fi ! 6 l^ ee a^ry '^ °- &HANI "°''* Tc? ¦¦g3^ 1S £SSSSSy "SSSSSSSL&SS 5SL™ir7S5=«rT33=Sr=S3=^^ C^S2SS? 1 ft-^S^ 1 k^ 1 S,^S8£iS L - WILLOW ave.. «. «!««¦. ™. Eddy-2 rma.
86 Zs 6 ; Sigam^rner?™^^:::::: SSS %?%?%£*: o ZSrS, n :: A-MASSEUBE ipTmls^ « BUREAU, 410 Kearny st, room 24. ,INTOSH^ WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st. . £^^Tulldlng 1 TtL%re\Tshi^f thealrat K™**™ ««°- °ousekeepln C; $12; no children.
S mmV- vPry a ce n t S rTon C T^f o $U ? 422 t>I>eTyrtterB ' P 0 " 1 " 0 " 8 secur^- catalogue free. A s^ o A n b d b^ o^-{ n^ii u S n | o untrV:::::::::::$35 WANTED-Strong boy with come experience ln BARS; back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po- $» shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts.; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
le r^oSI'- neS- BSdv^ n™ ±«" ,J22 GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.- Chambermaid with a child, country $15 fruit business. 930 FUlmore st. ! ker tables, barroom chain, linoleum, new and f » mlte d f '"'f'?' ffh,^^hiK^"^ received at Call branch offlc. 2200 FUlmore.
£*, E f JLV« tn^«™ tUre " 13i0 Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert Chambermaid, city $20 , _, ,,, second-hand; we always have a large stock of »» n° w being offered to the p abllca t $J per BRAXCH offloa fM . f.^,. at , XA^ t , qam^ t . „.,
I?C DEcS M Stokl? I '^n m» h F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary. st. .WANTED-lOO quarrymen and rock drillers. saloon outfits on hand ; 32 complete outfits on share at Its offlce. 306 Pine St.. room 3. call A^«CH « fflce {«! Ca » e «» a« d
H. C. DECKER. 10SO Market st.. opp. Fifth. ehorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac- Apply 232 Montgomery st. one floor, ready made; we can ship everything ¦ for particulars. suDscrlptlons has been established at 1096 \ a-
--•siffi&ff-gji^p.* bas '-gggg^ffig- r* a^^^g^ff^g -ossfwass ssjr^st
». Room f P* K and Ph ° n e Bush S28. echool for tho university, law and medical EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists = r~ : $35-SNAP: 150 chickens ducks etc • incubator will correspond with his brother, ALBERT t^y.".rtr. . 1T * XJ5<T i>arn. and Lnfqrn.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business colleges; references. President Jordan or any and wrappers; steady work; electric power. WANTED— Boy about lo for grocery business. brooder, chicken-houses, fencing;"l8 Belgian" RUNGERT, he will hear of something to his AHLBORJJ HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
to eell list with us. We have cash customers Stanford professor. Phelan building. MARKS BROd.. 1212 Market st. . 1299 Geary st.. corner Octavla. . * hares; entire lot or separate; come quick. 131S advantage. Address ALBERT RUNGERT. day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
irr^ni^SSd^iJTuS^j^lS^n ACTING, elocution,, specialties; Hallett School. ONE hundred girls to paste samples; dollar a WANTED-Pollshers and Ironers; shirt .to- . Hampshire st. c Moolcolah, Queensland, Australia. large rooms, 50c up; meals. Zic; free coach.
3f r.; rent $125; cak fur.; 1st n. of fles; Mkt. 2250 associated with theatrical agency securing day. Appjy sample department BELASCO lsher; shirt polisher. 3372 Mission Bt. A— BUYS sells or rents eear machinery en- A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE 148 Sixth— Booms
S4r.; rent $110; good loc; fur., crp.clrs. $150 2500 Positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. & HARRIS CO., 541 Market st. . wa*ttt?tv-A nlaln cabinet-maker Ancly at Klnes, boilers, water pipes shaftings pulleys, on DR. G. 8. MOORE. 4S8 Geary «U and you 25c to $1 per night; $1 23 to |3 per weeitTaad
58 r.; rent *45; good fur., carp.; sunny 850 ; JTOT>TT T » >TT T „„ „ , Z > = = ; WANTI^--A plain camnet-maKer. Appiy at WHITELAW 216 Spear st- will not be disappointed: this remedy Is posl- light housekeeping rooms; open all night
JR r ; rent tn- good fur carp- large yard 1230 MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ- WANTED— First-class waitress and* parlor- 826 Howard st. - - . ' oywr sl. tlvely guaranteed: preparation sent to all i—^
IS r.: rent $S3; new fur.; clears $55.... '" 1350 ins - Practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-46. Par- maid. $25. Call at 1090 Eddy st. Saturday, be- waist *„ m «h dishM «nd m«ke himself eener- A * 3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu- parts of the world; call or send for circular, i BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
2S r ; ; rent only $75: good fur. carr& loc.o£ 1600 rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue. tween 12 and 1. - M *jJ to Be Tuf. 44 Stockton™*- lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine, j — — j— nlshed rma.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
IJUyhJS^money'^ed^deto^^aymeiS? ENGINEERING-Clvll. elec.mlnln?, mech.,sur- BON-BON dipper and girls to work on fruits. J ¦ . "^ FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
1% per cent oeierrea payments. vey assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van TOWNSEND-S. 121 to 127 San Jose ave.. bet WA iter wanted. 560 Howard st CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st. 25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $o per week; furnished sunny rooms; price* reasonable. *
* I*^ cvn^ der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. Twenty- third and Twenty-fourth sts.. city. WAITER wanted. 560 Howara St. . _ . _ * , — , > frce »bus\nd baggage to and from the ferry. EIGHTEENTH — 4513 — near I-onglaga— Nicely
b^CaTbldlr^teL B"ack a iS03 T1S Mir " A F1^ L L course of . Ellis bookkeeping and the FIRST-CLASS hand at dressmaking and ap- WANTED-.A. good tailor for bushellns at 625 $5_FRESH goat and kids. 1318 Hampshire- st $1 WEEKLY-Sulta to order from genuine furnished single and double. "
B-room flat; rent $18; 2 r. rented for $15.. 200 college graduates: bookkeeping: figures: short -^— '— — — — — — ¦ — : ¦ — ¦ — ~~ ¦ — " i ~" AT 3c a roll, good wall paper; paper-hanging,' WANTED— Ladv hairdressers to* act as agents F V~ A ' i;< ? lsc ' > 7^i s^K?^ it^ ;ai J l8le 7^ Attls -
15 rooms: owner occupies double parlors; H time. TARR. exp. acct.. 22Q B parVott bldg. WANTED-Experienced waitresses also girls wantei> _a ¦ -walteriTsil Grant ave. - painting. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321. ft Hair Restorer! - tranrtent. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
£C C r^isrnne7b^nd newril.»!;:::;;.'::*' £5 ° KENT Law School, day and night. 553 Parrott , to learn - no fee - m Maaon Bt - ' • • — / y ~. 2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought sold. ' Call at 252 Ellis st. ¦ HOTEL Graystoce. 69 Geary s"--New 6-story
60 ropms; elpgant; rent $100; clears $200.. 5000 building. GIRL for upstairs "work; assist with baby; $15. W ATsiTi?n_A r O »h(-r tr>v w «?tnrVtfln at rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 51G Mission. wmTP ot , nTn «i lrnn h*<iq sinirle th T t*-autLrt*T fireproof hotel: electric light and elevator; un-
¦ —1 . . ¦ . 2520 Green st between Scott and DevIsadpVn WANTED— A day cashier for Z9 btQCKton St. . . 1 ; WHITE enamel Iron oeas. smgie, xnrej-quarter questionably the most luxuriously furnished
FISHER & CO HEALD'S Business College 24 Post st S F- * Between bcott ana uevisaflero. PWATT? mhnn An . . .,,,,.¦-¦--. , n SAFES-New and second-hand; all sizes. THE °' double. $2 25 EASTERN OUTFITTING in the city; steam heat; private- baths; one
¦ ¦¦;... .935 Market: Phone Folsom iiii":::;;; founded TlfsS; new frei. '' ' • ! . t^^?Sr^^^f 1 i\^' -r— r'-"g WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran. CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway. block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
w J^ m «: SS^"" 1^!^ S^w""^?? PROF. L. MERKI successful teacher of violin LUNCH waitress wanted. 81 3 Bush at. Eaet. Address P. O.' box ; 84, Pacific' Grove, $64 MAGIC, lantern and moving picture ma- ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 21 Turk
% £Em«: elegl'nt" JSS"n^S5 : Srto."" mandolin and g\Tita?. 10^ Ml8stonst°nr' 6th." • '¦ ¦ iCal. • -.•- : . ¦ . - ., .-;-'¦- chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery ft. .. . hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists. Bt .. near Market-Central location; new bulld-
14 roomsrhand^me; rent only $60; price:: 750 ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing. G1^ f ° F geneml hoUBework - 1Q0 McAllister st. TEAMsTER t(> drlve whole9aler . g truck . man ONE 4-horse P ower Covey • engine ; . one 2*- BOHEMIAN Dermatological r 3 131 Post-
m* have over 300 more, any location, kind or etc.; day or eve.; »5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework. experienced here required: references; age. horsepower Hercules ; bargain. 910 Kearny. Electric needle used: hair aad facial treatm't week or month; best in the c.ty: references!
price, at bargains and hurried sale,. , Call at 319 Third st. ., - • • - , Write to box 4339. Call office. ¦ -; -•¦,¦' SA FES-New and second hand. THE , HER- POISON oak cured In one application or no pay; HOWARD. 930 (Boston Hot se>-irurnlshed
WINSTON & WOLF. MARKTT EtEmO-THl^PEPMC^ 2 GIRLS wanted. GODKIN & CO., bookbind- WANTED— Steady young man to assist gener- -MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St. . satisfaction guaranteed. 4r? Hayea st ., joom^ jo,., i 5c an( i 25c; neat and clean.
aSS'Sf.SS^^ 88 a -"""" M ' a "- 1 -" ™^Z7"TZ:; "Z?-^i y 8Fsyj^ya&g.ssr&gr TagMJgMgjsaaragsarjg-- ia5-:rg,K^ri^ga^yjgg s-fs5a -^
naagjta«ajy^— rx?x^~r^~^F^^- : m^™::Z7:^:™;L- m "g'g^-ssa^js;^^.- »ffigwaffiftga£g. a B- eg&ja ¦ssgSjffi^^-'^ 15^-
k.. », &a fssBsss,. JSg.t'a.awsffik? 1 . . 5nsa i a.ra?ttgtg'g!ft ii . ..iBsg^-yy^yr*;? 1 .. 0 -? <Ts^.j!zs2u*ghs;££Sg£ %s*si2S2i2La&iss£F :^ ¦
, SS.Tt^, ~* ~-^ ~ c- °^^af. awaaaaaa'issaa -easg-a-g.raft.yg;.?" r °",-- ossursi a-— TOSftawavggaatsg.ag' nag- e&ssgr#ijssrs —•¦ *£E5S-jzg*sz?sg ssssz
isM-wfarcSrar-*"-?' i^-afflMgmar a^^^s^^-^^ -saasariB jgh^gREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anne Crooks to John J. Crooks, Mary E.
Wilson and Jennie T. Williams, lot on N ,
Jine of Post street, 42 E of Octavla, E 40:6, N I
95, W 82:6, S 3, E 42, S 92; gift.
Spencer C. and Emma D. Buckbee to
Chauncey R. Winslow, lot on S line of Pa
ciflc street, 137:6 W of Gough, W 34:114" by
S 137:6; $10.
Helene Bauer to;. Joseph Michael, lot on N
line of Sutter street, 32 W of Webster, W 21
by N 75; $10.
Samuel B. and Alice C. Welch to Charles
P. Eells, lot on W line of Pierce street, 127:814
N of -Jackson, N 50 by W 6S:9; .
HIbernia Savings and Loan Society to Mar
garet S. Bovyer (wife of J. A.), lot on W line
of Broderick street, 110 S of Eddy, S 27:6 by
W 100; J1100.
Bernadina and Georre Hildebrandt to Lil
lie Etrippel, lot on' E line of Elgin Park, 100
S of Hermann street. S 25 by E 75; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Henry
T. Scott, lot on NW corner of Fourteenth and
Stevenson streets. N 70 by W 75; $8250.
Amy C. Gourand (or Glllig or Ashe) toLll
lie McQuade (wife of Frank), lot on S line of
Fourteenth street, 2S3 W of Valencia, W 25 by
s ISO: ?io.
Same to Ann Cavanaugh, lot on S line of
Fourteenth street. 318 W of Valencia, W 28
bv S 130; $10.
Joseph D. and Edith M. Grant to John Reid,
lot on E line of Capo street, 100 N of Twen
tieth, N 45 by E 122:6; $10.
Henry J. Trowbridge to Mary E. Trow
bridge, lot on W line of San Carlos avenue,
1S5 S of Nineteenth street, S 25 by W 75;
grant. »"•
James and Erminla \A. Davidson to Alex
ander and Elizabeth Lynch, lot en SE corner
of Guerrero and Eighteenth streets, S 25 by
E 109: $10. • • •
John Begley to Mary O'Shaunnessy, lot on
N line of Twenty-second street, 205 E of
Castro, E 25 by N 114; $10.
John Armstrong to Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society, lot on E line of Dolores street,
150 S of Twenty-fourth, S 50 by E 125; $10.
Jiibernla Savings and Loan Society to Fred
erick P. and Lovilla H. Stone, lot on E line
of Dolores street, 150 S of Twenty-fourth, S 25
by E 125: 51250.
Mary Carew to same, lot on E line of Do
lore.-s street, 175 S of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by
E 125; $10.
Marie Voigt to Farrell Gallagher, lot on
E line of Church street, '51:6 S of Valley, S
25 by E 100; $1900.
J. Ferdinand Wagner to Bridget Owens, lot
on W line of Clara avenue, 224 N of Eight
eenth street, Is T 28 by W 130; $5.
Pacific States S., L. and B. Company to
same, seme: $3625.
Henry E. and Jennie W. Bothin to Agnes
F. M. Sadler, lot on N line of Washington
street, 89:3 E of Montgomery, E 17:9, N 60,
E 20, N 20, W 37:6, S SO; also lot on N line of
Washington street, 107 E of Montgomery, E
20 by N 60; $10.
Dcmenico and Caterina Depouli to Guiseppe
Cogorno and Andrea Ghighliere, lot on N line
of Greenwich street, €0 W of Dupont, W 20
by N SO; $10.
Pollcarpo Bagnasco to D. M. Shafer, lot on
N line of Filbert street, 187:6 E of Hyde, E 25
by X 1S7:6; S10.
Margaret I-. Heineken to John Woebcke. lot
on SW corner of Ellis and Leavenworth
streets. W 3S:6, S 34:6, W 18, S 20, E 58:6, N
54:6; $10. *
John J. Moore to Rachaet Drossner, lot on
SE line of Mission street. 45:10 N E of Beale,
NE 45:10 by SE 137:6; $47,750.
Patrick Carroll to Douglas S. Watson, lot
on SE line of Minna street, 225 NE of Third,
XE 20 by SE SO; $10.
Catherine Lareeman to Selina B. Sblomon
(wife of M. W.), lot on NW line of Howard
street, 125 SW of EiEhth, SW 25 by NW 90;
$10.
Luke O'Connor to Ann O'Connor, lot on SE
line of Tehama street, 325 NE of Ninth, NE
20 by SE 80; elft.
William Crane Spencer to Helene Sylvester,
lot on W line of Fourteenth avenue, 231:2 S
of I street, S 118:10. W 127:6, N 102, NE 128;
also lot on S line of H street, 32:6 E of Seven
teenth avenue, E 25 by S 100; also lot on W
line of Sixteenth avenue, 150 S of H street, S
25 by W 120 f J10.
Morris J Sideman to Oscar Heyman, lots 16
to 20 block H, Mission Street Land Company;
$10.
Oscar Heyman to Power Estate Company,
same; $10.
Eliza C. Herbert, estate of Joseph M. Comer
ford (by Eliza C. Herbert, administratriu) to
Mary H. Wlsslng, lot on NE line of Cortland
avenue 125 NW of California avenue, NW 25
by NE'lOS; $600.
Carrie and Charles Ellis to Adolph Bruenn.
lot on NW line of South Broderick street! 36
NE of dividing line Flint Tract and Park Hill
Homestead, NW 128.6U. SW 19:10, SE 112, NE
36 being lot 20, block B, Park Hill Homestead;
$10
} t Alameda County.
R D and Ida B. Winters to Mabel A. Shee
han (wife of J. R.), lot on E line of Park ave
nue 125.19 N of East Tenth street, N 25 by E
100 lot 8, block C, Knowles and Potter sub
division Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $10.
Mabel Sheehan to R. D. Winters, lot on NE
line of Twentieth street, 214.66 SE of Twenty
fourth avenue, SE 35 by NE 150, block M, sub
division 50, Associates' Tract. East Oakland;
$10.
F. B. and Cora B. Norton to John Gorman,
all interest in lot on W line of Dana street,
240 N of Bancroft Way, N 80 by W 137:1%, block
4, Map of Villa lots joining the university site
on the south, Berkeley; $10.
Catharlna M. Hansen to John C. and Louisa
Mazenauer, lot on Ellne of Grant street, 150 N
of Channing way, N 50 by E 130, lot 16, block
'14 McGee Tract. Berkeley; $10.
John A and Clara E. Jones to Frank C. Wat
son undivided one-half interest In 33.77 acres,
being known as Wyman's subdivision of Park
place except lots 17 to 19 of Wyman's sub
division, Brooklyn Township: $10.
C. L#. Taylor to James A. MargD. lots 1, 4, 9,
11, 12 14 on man of subdivision lot 32, Fask
ing's Park. Alameda; $3000.
Martha Carlson to Mtgnola Domenico. Mlg
nola Glovani and MIgnola Pletro. lot on N line
of Alameda avenue, 200 W of Walnut street,
W 100 by N 150. lots 4 and 5, block B, lands
adjacent tp Encinal. Alameda; $1000.
John W. and Gertrude E. Ledgett to Ed
mond Flynn, all interest in lot on S line of
Fourth street, 150 E of Brush, E 1:6 by S 100,
block 23, Kellersberger's Map, Oakland; $10.
Same to State Savings Bank, all interest In
lot on S line of Fourth street, 97 W of Castro,
W 3 by S 100, block 25, same, Oakland: $10.
Charles D. and Bessie Littler to Willietta
Ward lot on S line of Thirty-fifth or Walton
street' 144 "W of Telegraph avenue, W 50 by S
119:10," portion map of property estate of A. C.
Brown. Oakland; $10.
Mary/ Maloney to James W.- McCombs, lot on
SB corner of West and Eighteenth streets, S
35 by E 90, block "E, map of property North
Oakland Homestead Association, Oakland; $10.
William and Mary Donald to Margaret J.
Thomas, lot on E line of Myrtle street, 138 S
of Twenty-eighth. . S 40 by E 100. portion Keene
Tract Oakland; $10.
Auguste M. and Edward F, Cahlll to Ira
Vaughan. lot on E line of Poplar street, 110 S
of West Tenth, S 37 by E 115, block 549, official
map Oakland: $10. ,
Francis A. Braun to Luther E. West, lot on
E line of Linden street. 71:8 S of West Eight
eenth. S 40 by E 100, block 693, map of Mar r
ket Street Tract, Oakland; $10.
President and Board of Trustees of Pacific
Theological Seminary to Bernard Gallaeher,
lot beginning at a stake set in N line of Haw
thorne avenue at the point of intersection
thereof with the boundary line between lands
of Gallagher and Pacific Theological Seminary,
which point is 340.32 distant W on Hawthorne
avenue from the intersection thereof with \V
line of Webster street produced, thence N
124.79, E 50, S 120.29, W 50 to beginning-, Oak
land; J10.
Henry and. Martha E. Schiller to J. A. Sil
velra, all interest in lot on W line of Shattuck
avenue. 51.CS S of Mariposa street, S 55.08, W
122.23. N 55. E 125.37 to beginning, lot 13, block
B. resubdlvision of portion «f Brumaglm Tract,
Oakland; $10. . "¦ >t -
San Francisco Mutual L<oan Association to
A. E. and Catarina E. C. Kertcher, lot 'on
NW line of Fifteenth avenue, 84 NE of Bast
Sixteenth street, NE 28. NW 86, SW 28, SE 90
to beginning, block 32, San Antonio, East Oak
land: $10. '
f!i Manoel Lopes to Mary A. Cunniff. lot on NE
line of East Twelfth street, 100 NW of Thir
teenth avenue, NW 25 by NE 150, block 40
Clinton, East Oakland; $1800.
Builders' Contracts.
Adella T. Schloss (owner) with McDonald &
Bunce (contractors), architects Stone & Smith —
Concrete and carpenter work, lathing, plaster-
Ing, galvanized iron and tin work and paint
ing for a two-story attic and basement frame
residence on 1 N line of Clay street, 47:6 W of
Maple. W 30. N\ 119:10 19-30, SE to a point.
S 115:9 1-30; $5120. ' . . •_ ¦ .
ClauB Spreckels .(owner) >wlth C. Krecker
(contractor), architect i Nathaniel Blalsdell—
Carpenter and mill work, roofing, tinning and
galvanized iron work,- flooring, •, tiling,- wrought
iron work, - lathing, plastering, glazing, doors
and door frames, stairs, ¦ mirrors and inside
finishing . for a five-story and basement brick
building on S line of Bush street, 137:6 E: of
Kearny, E 68:9. S 137:6, W 34:4%. N 25, W
34:4H. N H2:6; $20,500. . ¦'
STRIKERS SPEND
QUIET HOLIDAY
Freight Handlers Expect
Assistance From'
Switchmen.
Railroad Managers Say That
Trouble Will Be Soon
Settled.
ST. LOUIS, July 4.— This being a holi
day no attempt was made by the transfer '
companies to do anything in . East St. i
Louis to-day. All Is quiet. Both sides are *
waiting for to-morrow -with no little trep- .}
idation. The number of men out is now
about 2000, and is the cause of thousand3 ;
of dollars' loss to business men of St. '
*Louis, who have merchandise" tied up in ]
car3 or freight houses. '
The striking truckers and sorters, who ;
have called out with them the platform -
clerks to the number of 300, and about the_ .
same number of teamsters, assert that the" '
switchmen will strike co-morrow in sym- •
pathy. This, it is asserted, would mean <
the complete paralyis of freight traffic on ;
the East Side. The railroad managers, on j
the other hand, declare that by Friday the .
trouble .will be over. The strike of the '
teamsters, they say. is the most serious
phase of the situation so far, and with the
teamsters at work they would be able to
handle all the freight offered. A strike ;
among the switchmen, they say, is some- ,
thing they do not fear. '
In the present contingency the roads ,
having freight houses on the Missouri side
and those which use the Terminal ware- .
houses are consigning both inbound and !
outbound goods direct. » :
The only freight moving practically is
that belonging to concerns who "own or
hire their own wagons. No attempt has \
been made to interfere with this' traffics j
United States deputy marshals guard ,
the terminals of the Vandalla road, which j
is under a Federal receivership, and rail- ;
road detectives have been stationed about •
the property of the Illinois Central, South- :
I ern Railway, Mobile and Ohio, Louisville i
and Nashville. Chicago and Alton, Wa- 1
bash, Clover' Leaf, Big Four, Baltimore
and Ohio and other' roads affected. !
CLEBGYMEN CRITICISE . ,
ACTS OF JUDGE PALMER
Enter Protest Against the Upholding
, of Injunction Sued Out by the : t
Saloon People. j
j DENVER, July 4.— A committee of seven ¦<
j prominent clergymen, representing the va- J
rious denominations appointed at a meet- <
Ing of ministers to draw up a statement s
expressing their views concerning Judge c
Palmer's action in the saloon and con
tempt cases, to-day mailed to Governor
Orman and Judge Palmer a letter which, ;
after reviewing all the facts in these cases
and expressing a desire "not by any criti-
I cism to impede the course of justice, but
rather to support and uphold" the judl- (
clary," concludes as follows:
We desire to utter a profound and solemn
protest against the act of Judge Palmer In
tying up the police administration of the city
\ by injunction. We are Intensely grieved and
• indignant because such Injunction has been T
| made permanant by the refusal of Judge Pal- (
i mer to consider the motion of the City Attor- j
n->y to ditsolve the temporary injunction.
We feel, however, that those injunction pro- '
ceedinES which were originated by the saloon ]
! men and those contempt l-roceedlngs which j
j have been pushed by the saloon men ought *
1 to increase the ardor, enthusiasm and courage (
of the members and officers, of the Anti-Sa- ,
loon League and all lovers of law and order. «
Weather Report.
. _. . (i2Cth Meridian— Paciflc Time.)-' • •¦ ¦
SAN FRANCISCO, July 4—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day: I
Eureka, £8; Mount Tamalpals. 77; Independ
ence, 90; Red BJuff, 96; Fresno, 94; Los An
geles. SO; Sacramento, 92; San Luis Obispo, SS;
San Diego, — .
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, 51; mean, CO. : '
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. FORECAST.
Clear weather prevails west of the Rocky
Mountains except in Northern Washington,
where it is cloudy. The pressure has fallen
along the immediate coast and risen over the
plateau and Rocky Mountain regions. '
The temperature has risen generally over tho
Pacific slope, the greatest rise being in the in
terior of Washington and Oregon and in the
Sacramento Valley.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather in the interior Friday.
¦ Forecast " made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 6, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Friday; continued
warm- light northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
jsjevada Fair Friday; warmer • in northeast
portion; fresh west wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday; con
tinued warm; fresh northwest wind. ,
San Jose— Clear; strong north wind.
Holllster— Apricots ripening, crop very light,
quality good; wheat good.
Ventura— On . the Santa Ana prunes average
crop, other portion of »
Local Forecast Official
PHILADELPHIA, July 4.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day realizing the following; prices: Pears—
Lawson halves, '• $1 15@1 25. ' average $118.
Plums-Abundance, eingle crates, 70@76c, aver
age no: Burbanks. single crates, 50@60c, aver
age 76c'- Clymans, single crates, average 70c
peach plum's, single crates, average -90c; red
Juno plums, single crates, average 90c; Dewey,
single crates, average 45c. Prunes— Tragedy,
single crates, 85c@U 30. average ?1 20. Peaches
— St John boxes. 80cifptt 10. average 87c; Hale'u
Eariv boxes, average 85c. : Apricots— Royals,
single crates, $1 30@ 1 50, average $1 33. _ Three
cara sold to-day. Weather very hot. ' y
LONDON, July 4.— Atchison, 89% ; Canadian
Pacific 107;' Union Pacific prefd, 92%; Northern
Pacific prefd, 99; Grand Trunk, 10U; Anaconda,
9%. Bar silver weak, 27d per ounce; money,
1@>1% Per cent. ¦ ' .
Foreign Markets.
LONDON,' July *.— Silver, 27d; French rentes,
lOlf 62V4c; cargoes on passage," quiet and steady;
English country markets, quiet and steadv. '¦¦
LIVERPOOL. July '4. —Flour In Paris, aull;
French country markets, firm. ;
CLOSING.': '
< WHEAT— Spot; dull; No. .2 red Western win
ter, 5b 6%d; No. 1 Northern - eprlng. 5s 6^d;
No. 1 California, ¦ 5a 9d. " : Futures, ' quiet ; . Sep
tember. Es 6%d; December, 6^ 6%d. - . ¦-,-.-
CORN— Spot,' steady; American mixed, new,
4s %d; . American mixed, " old," 4a 3d. Futures,
quiet; July,'. 4s %d; September,' 4* Id*
STRIKERS HOLD
COLORADO MINE
Appeal Made to Gov
ernor to Order Out
'• the Militia. v
Will Send Troops to Scene
Unless the Property Is"
r Surrendered/
DENVER, July 4.— According to a spe
cial to the News from Telluride, Colo.,
nothing of a serious nature has occurred
at the Smuggler-Union mine, the scene of
the fight with striking miners yesterday.
The strikers aro In possession of the mine
and no communication can be had with
them. The citizens' committee of five, ap
pointed last week to effect a settlement of
the trouble with the men, met to-day with
Manager Collins, but it cannot be learned
what decision was arrived at, If any; ' It
seems that the mine was turned over to
the strikers upon an agreement that four
or five men should be allowed to remain
and guard the property and that the work
in the mine should, cease. It was also
agreed that the strikers should be permit
ted to run air the men at work in the
mine over the range. The men were then
lined up and, it is said, some were struck
on the head with revolvers and other
wise-beaten as they marched to the top of
the range. They were told, it Is said, nev
er to return to that side of the divide
again.
To-night the following telegraphic cor
respondence passed between Governor Or
man and Arthur L. Collins, manager of
the Smuggler- Union mine at Telluride:
TELLURIDE, Colo., July 4, 1901— Governor
Orman, Denver: An unprovoked attack was
made . UDon' our DroDerty Wednesday morning
by several hundred armed, .masked men. Valu
able property was destroyed, two men, killed
and several severely wouTided. The rest of the
men were- driven across the range. The des
peradoes now have forcible possession of the
mine. The Sheriff says he is powerless to giv«
us possession of our property or protect the
lives of our employes and has called for troops,
which were denied. Without this protection
the property must be indefinitely abandoned.
Will you telegraph me a,dvice and furnish us
protection?
The Smuggler-Union Mining Company,
ARTHUR L. COLLINS, Manpger._
Governor Orman immediately wired ai
follows: . •
DENVER, July 4— Arthur L. Collins, Man
ager Smugeler-Union Mining Company,
Telluride, Colo. : The unlawful posses
ion of ' property will not .be toler
ated • in this. State and if the • property
is not immediately surrendered to its rightful
owners immediate action will t>e taken by the
State authority and all the parties implicated
severely dealt with. The Sheriff has not been
denied troop^.'
JAMES B. ORMAN, Governor.
DISCHARGED SOLDIERS
GUILTY OF' ROWDY <ACT3
One of Them Fatally Shot and An
other Receives a Bullet Through
the Leg.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M., July 4.— Two
wounded men, one fatally injured and the
other shot through the leg, were brought
here^jate last night on one of the soldier
trains passing through to the East. Near
Holbrook the discharged negro soldiers
got to shooting promiscuousiy through
and out of the cars, and Frank Phillips,
colored, received a ball in ti.e abdomen,
while a white soldier, named W. A. Ever
sole and claiming Denver as his home,
was shot through the fleshy part of his
right leg. A woman living in a small town
west of here was coming out of a door
when one of the soldier trains was pass
ing and a bullet through her
arm. •
Frank Sheppard, the colored soldier who
was killed on the train Tuesday night
near Navajo Springs and brought to this
city, will be burled here by charity to
morrow if his people in Huntsville, Ala.,
are not heard from. •
At Winslow vesterday before the soldier
train reached that town the citizens armed
themselves with" shotguns and rifles, and
when the train stopped at the depot would
not allow the soldiers to leave the cars
and ordered the railroad officials to pull
out with the train forthwith. All the dis
charged soldiers carry arms and are ac
cused of committing- many depredations
along the route.
HOTEL -AiPJUVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R B "Weber. Ohio
R E O Anzar. S Juan
L H Harris, Cal
L D R oundstone, Cal
T Butl er r Chicago
J M r»ay. Woodland
R L R eid, Vacaville
A NelE on. S Jose
J Gar( Uner. R Vista
R C CUdwell, Cal
J H \j yve. Martinez
T P B. »yd, S Rafael
PAT noraldson, Ariz
E Rem oert. Copenhagn
P M Vfcddell. PorUnd
J E F Indley, Phoenix
. H - Her jiage, - Sliver Cy
M Mc\ rhorter, Bakrfld
L H E iwtlett, Boston
J J Ch umbers. Redding
W H , Hammond, PtW
W A Doherty. Wis
F J O "Brien. Sacto
JDS tervens, Chicago
G Pac! ieco & vr. Cal
A'C B «rto(n. Willows
E G D ole. : Kansas City
Miss C liver. Kansas Cy
TV E « Jogswell. ¦ Sacto
Miss ! b nford. i Cal
C A J Iclntosh. Cal
G Tur ttir, Modesto
A E D *-vis. l Chicago
Mrs Cunningham. Ariz
L Behrens & w, Cal
A Lafllin & w. Cai
H P Weller, Chicago
E B Brown, L Ang
E Schmidt, L, Ang
Dr Taslzer & w, L A
C Htnf.ng & w. Cal
F Carpenter & w, Cal
Ethel McFarland. L A
F E Millette. L Ang
H M Wolf, Chicago
W H Lyon, Seattle
E W Beebe & w, Cal
J Klein, Chicago
P W Kemn. L Ang
C T Whitney. L Ang
E "\Jan Cleech, Cal
W H Lumsden, Cal
T Cunningham. S Rosa
Mrs Devlin, Sacto
J A Wood, Denver
H C Bundy. Minn
R B Munter, Wash
Dr F G Fay. Sacto
G H Peck, L Ang
Mrs Etterson. N J
Mrs F Hart N J
D M Elter. Redding
F Hendricks. Red Biff
J Minwald, Keswick
C .Harrington. Colusa
E L Avery, S Africa
PALACE HOTEL
W J W Rley. Palo Alto
I G E St vekett, Seattle '
C H B rown.Cal
J A Br mt, Los Ang
J W Sc hloss. N Y
JJ Sutr< i &;fam, N T
D J O'l Irien, Sydney 4
J C Ainsworth. & w. Or
T J Jat mey, Phila
D Llvin.rston. Victoria
W A Shirman, Bolinas
II F She Tman. Bolinas
Mrs E D Bakur. Treka
J Landst;reet, Richmnd
C J Titus & TV. Cal
Mrs F A Wentworth,
Lob Angeles
M Price &J w; Riverside
P G Gow. C»il
A A Thorb&s, Wash
A J Bro*7i Jr. -V -S A
J R Clark,. I job .-'Ans
R C Kearins & son. Mo
T Kearins. Salt Lake
' F W Schuarte, Mo
T B Gibbons, Los Ang
Miss M Poittry. Colo
G W Kramer, Denver
C M Hunter. Sta Cruz
H S Mallett. Manchstr
R B Strong, N Y
Mrs H L Hastings.NY
J H Perry. Phila
A C Harmon. Cal
C K Montgomery. Cal
E O Miller, Vtsatia
O T Grosby. D C
SB Cole, Mexico
E R Williamson. N T
W Sorley. New York
T Spellacy. BakersHeld
W r H Brokaw. N J
Miss C A Brokaw. N J
R M Keggs, Salt Lake
E L Avery, Cape Town
ICBiW WESTERN HOTEL
A J Andei so n, -Benicia
J G Miller. : Dallas
C L Dean, N Y
S A Scott. 3¥ Y
F Bachasaay , Ji Vista i
D M Key. Balto »
E "VV McKen na, • Balto
J Cuming, 1: -eland '
Miss Allen, Arizona
Miss Frenllia n. Ariz
C W Slsson. [Wash
J Knowles, Mich
Miss E Howell. Visalla
Mis3 M Howell, Visalla
J F Taylor & w, Tenn
J "Williamson & w. Ten
M Monohan, Denver
W Kaber. Denver
C Moorehead. N Y
B "W Clark. L Ang
W E Roberts, Texas
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 5. 1901.
11
California Fruit Sales.
London Market.
THE <
3 c
COAST
T RECORD.
[¦:<
STATIONS.
a
p
•-*
o
-.3
Hjco 1-3- o
<* x « 2. ¦"*«
3g 3s 2°
: 3 : 3 g. 3 *
- 52. : ~
Astoria 30.10 64 50 W Clear
Baker 30.04 74 38 SW Clear
Carson ...29.94 82 40 NE Clear
Eure k a 30.06 58 48 NW Clear
Fresno 29.78 94 56 NW Clear
Flagstaff 29.84 84 48 SW Clear
Pocatello, Idaho.. 29. 94 74 56 W Clear
Independence .....29.72 90 60 NE Clear
Los Angeles 29.S0 80 51 W Clear
Puoonix .. 23.62 106 76 W Clear
Portland 30.04 70 48 NW Clear
Red Bluff 29.80 96 60 NW Clear
Roseburg 29.98 80 42 NE ¦ Clear
Sacramento 29.80 92 54 N Clear -
Salt Lake 30.00 75 54 W Clear
San Francisco 29.90 70 50 W Clear
San Luis Oblspo..29.84 88 48 N Clear
Seattle 30. OS 70 48 W Clear
Spokane : ..30.06 72 46 S ' Cloudy
Neah Bay ..30.10 58 48 N Cloudy
Yuma . 29.64 102..'. W .Clear
Walla Walla 30.00 SO 60 XV Clear
Winnemucca 29.92 78 40 SW Clear
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
¦ 0
0
0
0
0
Tr
¦0
0
0
0
Temperature— 7 a. m., 57 degrees.
SPECIAL FRUIT SERVICE REPORTS.
. v " Temp. Direction
Stations— -X Max. Mih. Wind. Preclp.
Ventura*.. •• ¦ 66 0
San Jose.... Jl » North 0
Hollleter 89 40 0
THE <
3 c
COAST
T RECORD.
[¦:<
STATIONS.
a
p
•-*
o
-.3
Hjco 1-3- o
<* x « 2. ¦"*«
3g 3s 2°
: 3 : 3 g. 3 *
- 52. : ~
Astoria 30.10 64 50 W Clear
Baker 30.04 74 38 SW Clear
Carson ...29.94 82 40 NE Clear
Eure k a 30.06 58 48 NW Clear
Fresno 29.78 94 56 NW Clear
Flagstaff 29.84 84 48 SW Clear
Pocatello, Idaho.. 29. 94 74 56 W Clear
Independence .....29.72 90 60 NE Clear
Los Angeles 29.S0 80 51 W Clear
Puoonix .. 23.62 106 76 W Clear
Portland 30.04 70 48 NW Clear
Red Bluff 29.80 96 60 NW Clear
Roseburg 29.98 80 42 NE ¦ Clear
Sacramento 29.80 92 54 N Clear -
Salt Lake 30.00 75 54 W Clear
San Francisco 29.90 70 50 W Clear
San Luis Oblspo..29.84 88 48 N Clear
Seattle 30. OS 70 48 W Clear
Spokane : ..30.06 72 46 S ' Cloudy
Neah Bay ..30.10 58 48 N Cloudy
Yuma . 29.64 102..'. W .Clear
Walla Walla 30.00 SO 60 XV Clear
Winnemucca 29.92 78 40 SW Clear
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
¦ 0
0
0
0
0
Tr
¦0
0
0
0
Temperature— 7 a. m., 57 degrees.
SPECIAL FRUIT SERVICE REPORTS.
. v " Temp. Direction
Stations— -X Max. Mih. Wind. Preclp.
Ventura*.. •• ¦ 66 0
San Jose.... Jl » North 0
Hollleter 89 40 0
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrxt. nnd Unfnrn.
OTAKRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
effices; elevator; elfc. lights: day. week. . mo.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farreil— Furnished front euite
and single rooirs. $3 week op; transient.
POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
r.lsJied rirs.. en suite or Fin.; bains; transient.
I'.OYAL House. lZo Ellis — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smokint-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, J2 to
Jb: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
roems with hct and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 304, near Fnlsnm- Unfurnished; 2
nice <-lean sunny rooms; connected etcve;
sink, bath: tubs; $?; call afternoons.
SHERMAN*'. Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnithed cr unfurnished.
FIENA House and saloon, 410-412 Broadwas*—
Most elegantly furnish**! sunny rooms in lo-
cality: rent*, reasonable; first-class attention.
A BRANCH oiP.ee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertleements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore. et.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
pen-ice: popular rates. S07 California st.
HAIGHT. 326— Newly furnished larze front
room, dressrnr-room, with running water;
Rood board; private; gas; bath; private
phone.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en EUite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Nicely furnishedTunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repelier. TS1 Sutter— Newly rurnisbJed;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Les Palmas. 1S20 Market— Suites. 2 or 3
rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. SI per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THB Paciflc Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
« Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1. 1901, to June 30, 1901, the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls: Lillian Wolf, aged S yrs. 2 mos.; Hat-
tie Wolf, 13 yrs. 1 mo. ; Arthur Wolf. 6 yrs.
6 mos.; Augusta Smith, 10 yrs. 10 raos.; Rosa
Blaine, 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Max Shloker, 6 yrs.
9 mos.; Isidor Shloker. 5 yrs. 9 moe.; Hen-
rietta Shloker. 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Alta Cohen. S
yre. 5 mos.: Annie Cohen, S yrs. 11 mos.; Lil-
lian Cohen. 10 yrs. 4 mos. : Ruby Cohen, 7 yrs.
7 mot.; Esther Schwarzberg, 4 yrs. 1 mo.;
Estella Miller, 11 yrs. 11 mos.; George J.
Miller. 10 yrs. 4 mos.; Rose Shapeero. 9 yrs.
9 mos. : Ella« Shapeero, 7 yrs. 3 mos.: David
Ehapeero. 6 yrs. 11 mos.'; Ezra Shapeero, 3
yrs. 10 mos. ; Abe Kampinsky, 8 yrs. 1 mo.'
BAD tenant* ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-19, tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
gultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHIVES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinfis bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PrERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell ets.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
eion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; chipping nt cut rates. : ¦¦'¦¦.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2SL
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city ; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California: telephone Main 2C6.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in eight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery: tel. Black 4SS5.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, J60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines. $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting- of
the board of directors of this bank, held July
2. 1901. a dividend was declared for the half
year end:r.g Jur.e 33, 19CL at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum, payable on and after : the
15th inst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 7th to the 15th inst. both days in-
clusive, GEOBGE GRANT. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, consolidated— A dividend. No. 31, of
eeventy-five cents (75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock cf the company has been
declared payable at the office of the com-
pany. 435 California et., San Francisco, on
July 10. 190L Transfer books close July 3,
19GL at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 2» (thirty
cfcjrts per chare) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 227 Market St.. on and after
WEDNESDAY. July 10. 19CL Transfer books
closed Saturday, June 29. 1901, at 12 o'clock
m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Security Savings Bank. 222
Montgomery et.. Mills building— For the .half
year ending June 29, 190L dividend on term
deposits at the rate of three end six-tenths
<3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of three <3) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1. lSOL
S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market. McAllister and Jones
«s., San Francisco. June 2S, 1S01 — At a regu-
Itr meeting of the beard of directors of this
society, held this day. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-eighth
<3%^-) per cent per annum en all deposits
for the six months ending June SO, 1S01, free
from all taxes, and payable on and after
July L 19C1.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
KUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 18
Geary st.— The directors have declared a div-
idend of SU per cent per annum on Its depos-
its, payable on and nfter July 1. J301.
ERXF.PT BRAND. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERT1SEMEXTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California — Probate
—In the matter of the estate of WILLIAM
H. AYERS. deceased. Notice for publication
of time appointed for probate of will, C. C.
P.. Sec. 13<t3. Notice is hereby given, that
Tuesday. th« Rixteenth day of July, A. D.
1901, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that daj\ and the
courtroom of Department No. 9 of said court,
et the New City Hall, in the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for
proving the ivilJ of said WILLIAM H.
ATERS. deceased, and for hearing the- ap-
plication of Katie Myers Ayers for the is-
Fuance to her of letters testamentary thereon.
<Seal.) WILLIAM A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP, Deputy Clerk.
Dated July 3, A. D. IML
HEXRT C. McPIKE.
Attorney for Petitioner.
proposals] '
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vaneower Barracks.
Wash.. July 1, 1301. — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received at depot Quarter-
matter's eJT.ce, Portland, until io -a. m.. Pa-
cific time, and at Chicago, 12 m.. Central
time, 13th inst., for furnishing and delivery
of 2S0 standard cavalry horses at Portland,
Korts Rlley and Leavenworth. or other promi-
nent railroad points, eubject to an increase
of 20 per cent. Preference given to animals of
domestic production, conditions of quality and
price being equal. United States reserves
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
or any part thereof. For further Information
t«e Circular to Bidders or apply to quarter-
master at Portland or Chicago. Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked: "Pro-
posals for Cavalry Horses." and addressed to
Depot (quartermaster. Portland or Chicago.
PROPOSALS will" be received at the office of
the Paymaster at the Navy Yard. Mare IkI-
end, California, until 1 o'clock p. m.. August
12. 1S01. and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, for the purchase of small arms
surrendered by the Samoans. consisting of
about 3400 rifle and nmooth-bnre guns. Blank
proposals will be furnielwd tu«on application
to the Paymaster. Navy Tard. Mare Island
California. MERRILL MILLER, Rear Ad-
miral. L". S. Navy. Commandant.
SEALED- proposals will be recelveO at the
office of the Ltghthouse Engineer, Ban Fran-
cisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock m. Monday, July
22. 1S01. and then opened, for furnishing, mis-
cellaneous articles, comprising hardware, en-
gineers' Eupplies, lumber and paint. In ac-
cordance with specifications, copies of which,
with blank proposals and other Information,
may be had upon application to Major Cha*.
E. L. B. Davis. Corr« of Engineers. U. S. A..
Engineer.
BIRTHS— MABBIAJ&ES—D^LTHS, •
Birth, marrlaBe and death notices Bent by
mail will not be Inserted. -They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -
BOEN.
HESS— In this city. July 1. 1901, to the wife of
Conrad Hess, a daughter. . .--¦;.
_______ ___
PINE— POLIKKA— In this city. July 3. 1301.
at the First Congregational Church, Alfred
J. Pine and Evangeline Polifka, both of
Michigan BJuff, Placer County, Cal. '
r.arry. France.* Ludol^h, Richard
Coblyn, Laura I. Maloney.' Edward J.
Coihiii. An^re.v J. Miilar. A. A.' de G.
IMeves, Joseph P. Moloney, Patrick E.
Dolan, William P. Mulloy, Mary
Fahey, Mrs. O. Pfaeffle, M?.rie /
Greene, Charles Price, George
Harrison, Krnjair.in Schmitz, Carm'elita
Heffernan. Helen M. Schram, Anna C
Hill. Kthel V. Segord. Annie M.
Hughes, Mamie Sel.'^o. Maria
. Jesse. George R. Thiele, Anra H. .
Joseph, Augusta Warner, Philip
I Kenna, Mamie E.
BARr.y-In this city. July 4, 1901, Frances,
beloved wife of William Barry, and .mother
of John J., Richard L., Thomas A. and Leti-
tia Harry, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged CO rears.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
reFidence, .".1 Rausch street, thence to, St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers. '
COBLYTC— In this city, July 4. 1901, Laura
Isabel, dearly beloved .wife of Alexander
Coblyn, daughter of the late John Holland
and "Margaret Holland, darling sister of the-
late Georce Holland and Mrs. C. T. Rogers,
Mrs. Dunn, Clara Howell and John and Wil-
liam Holland, and niece of Mr. and Mrs.
. James Carr. a native of California.
COGHILL— In this city. July 4 4, 1901. Andrew
Jackson Coffhill. a native of Virginia, aged
72 years S months and 1 day.
•I CTXotice of funeral hereafter. i
| DIEVES— In Oakland, July 2, 1901. Joseph P..
I beloved husband of Lillian Dieves. father of
Joseph A.. Charles I. and William Dieves
]. and Mrs. J. Parsons, and brother of Isaac
j Surrjhne, a native of Germany, aged 54
I years and fr' months.
i CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
| fully invited to attend the funeral this day
I (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
I Temple, corner Twelfth and Washington
! streets,, Oakland. Services under the aus-
J pice.s cf Eden Liodge No. 113, F. and A. M.
! Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association will pleaee as-
semble at their hall. 24 Fourth street, this
day (Friday), at 12:30 o'clock sharp, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, Joseph
P. Dieves. By order
STEPHEN BUNKER, President,
i J. J. McMAHON. Recording Secretary.
j DOLAN— In this city. July 3, 1901. William P.
Dolan, dearly beloved son of Patrick C. and
Sarah B. Dolan. and brother of James C,
Edwin. Sadie M.. Arthur B., PhiliD T.,
i Frank and Loretta Dolan, a native of
Brighton. Sacramento County, Cal., aged 26
years 3 months and 16 days. (Sacramento
papers please copy.) . •
£7Xotice of funeral hereafter.
FAHEY— In this city, July 4, 190L Mrs. Cath-
erine Fahey, beloved wife of John Fahey, a
native of Ireland, aged 69 years 1 month and
1 day.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1508 Taylor street. Interment private,
in Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
GREENE— In Auburn, Cal., July 4, 1901,
Charles Greene, beloved husband of Mar-
garet Greene, and father of Emma L. and
C. H. Greene, a native of New York, aged
64 years. "¦
HARRISON— On board Sierra, June S, 1901,
Benjamin Harrison, beloved husband of the
late Helene G. Harrison, and father of Mrs.
Captain Hansen, Mrs. C. W. Jones and Ben-
jamin Harrison, • a native of the United
States, aged 52 years and 7 months. Mem-
ber Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association
No. 35. .
CTlhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment private.
HEFFERNAN— In this city, July 3, 1901,
Helen M., beloved daughter of Joseph and
'Essie Heffernan, and sister of Raymond and
Frank Heffernan, a native of San Francisco,
I aged 6 months and 25 days.
CC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the Barents. 1311 Montgomery street, near
Union. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HILL— In Berkeley, July 3, 1901. Ethel Vir-
ginia Hill, daughter of Joseph and Margaret
IC Hill, and sister of Sidney B.* and Starr
M. Hill. : /
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
HUGHES— In this city, July 3. 190L Mamie,
j dearly beloved daughter of the late John and
Mary Hughes, a native of San Francisco,
aged £3 years and 23 days. , *""
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
l fully invited to attend the funeral- this day
i <B"riday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
| J. C. O'Connor ,& Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
' at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
JESSE— In this city, July 2, 1901. George R.,
beloved husband of Camilla F. Jesse, and
father of D. Grey Jesse, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 70 years 5 months and 4 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
at 2 o'clock, from his' late resi- "
dence. 229 Pace street. Interment private,
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOSEPH— In this city. July 2. 190L Augusta
Joseph, beloved daughter ot Jacob Wolf and
the late Mrs. Lizzie Wolf, mother of David
and Robert Joseph, and sister of Abe, Mor-
ris, David and Joseph Wolf, Mrs. L. M.
Haimes and Mrs. Bessie Isaacson, a native of
New York, aged 48 years.
C^The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. Fu-
neral private. Please omit flowers. Inter-
ment New Salem Cemetery, by train.
KENNA— In this city, July 3, 1901, Mamie E.,
beloved daughter of Patrick and the late
Anna Kenna, and sister of Mrs. J. E. Moore
and Nellie. Willie. John and the late Mag-
gie Kenna, a native of San Francisco.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafterl Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
LUDOLPH— In this city, July 2, 1901, Richard
Ludolph, beloved brother of Mrs. John Rosen-
brock and Mrs. William Wauck, a native of
Germany, aged 37 years and 11 days.
ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
MALONEY— In this city, July 2, I90L Ed.ward
John, beloved son of the late Thomas and
Margaret Maloney, and brother of William,
George, Mary and James Maloney, Mrs. W.
F. Healy and Mrs. George Sherrett, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 5 months and
1 day. A member of Painters' Union No. 73.
! (nyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral this day
I (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 91 Manchester street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
! streets, wjiere a requiem high mass will be
1 celebrated for the repose of his soul, ; com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crcus
Cemetery.
MILLER— A. A. de Germain Miller, brother of
C. V. Miller, 1084 Bush street. An anniver-
sary requiem high mass will be celebrated
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at Notre
Dame des Vlctoires French Church, Bush
street, near Dupont.
j MOLONEY— In this city, July 4, 1901, Patrick
E., btloved husband of Nellie Moloney, and
dearly beloved father of Mr3. B. C. Pohley,
Mrs. J. B. Allen and the late John E. Mo-
loney, a native of County Cork, Ireland. I
MULLOY— In this city. July 3. 1901, Mary,
relict of Daniel Mulloy, and dearly beloved
mother of Mr«. F. C. Mollet, Mrs. S. J. Mal-
colm and Dennis, Charles and the late Dan-
iel Mulloy, a native of County Doneg-31, Ire-
land, aged OS years 11 months and. 2.'. days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 6 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2837 Twenty-first street, near Castro,
thence to St. James Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her scul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PFAEFFLE— In Los Angeles, July 3, 1901.
Marie, beloved wife of Henry Pfaeffle, aged
C2 years 2 months and 12 days.
PRICE— In this city. July 1, 1901, George Price,
an ex-nrivate of Company G, Forty-eighth
Infantry, U. S. V., a native of Carlisle, Ky.,
aged 23 years and 8 months.
iryThe public in general and soldiers are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Friday), at 2:30 o'clock. from
Zion A.- M. E. Church, 805 Stockton street,
near Clay. Interment National Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of the California Un-
dertakins Comrany, 405 Powell street, near
Post.
SCHMITZ— In this city, July 4. 1901, Carmel-
ita. btloved daughter of Fred M. and Emma
Schn-itz, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
days.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
'• (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School, j
Telephone South 80. ;; .;; ,'•
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERit. DIB-XTORS AND EMBALMEHS.
Finest Equlpmt-nt at Moderate Rates.
JAMES McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
IA\c/\VOV «fc GCJ.. B
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. S
123S Mai ket St., between Sth and 9th. . I
V >.- Telephone South 247. |
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,'
' _ San Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
/ J. HENDERSON, Manager.
SCHRAM— In St. Helena, Cal., July 4, 1001,,
Anna C. Schram. wife of Jaboc Schram, and
mother of Herman Schram, aged 68 years.
SJ2GOHD— In this city. July 2, 1901, Annie M.,
beloved wife of James M. Seecrd, and be-
loved mother. of Mary S., Christine M., Annie
A. and James J. Sesord, a native of Ire-
land.
OTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 71 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
comniencln^ at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
SELIGO— In this city, July 4, 1901, Maria
Se-ligo, dearly beloved daughter of Ambrose
and Maria Seligo, a native of San Francisco.
THIEI;E— In this city, July 4, 1S01, Anna H.,
beloved wife of Dr. E. Thiele, and mother of
B. R.. E. H. and Hattie Thiele and Mrs.
Annie Rudolf, &. native of Germany, aged
63. years 1 month and 8. days. - ¦ • ¦
WAGNER— In thi3 city, July 3, 1901, Philip
Wagner, a native of Germany, aged 79 years
1 month and 9 days.
in5*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ths^funeral to-morrow
? Saturday), at ' 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Germania Lodse No. 116, I. O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains" at
the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass & Co.,
917 Mission - street.
9
CALIFORBIi. KORTHWESTERH RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Parry, Foot of Market St.
San Fra ncisco to San Ratas!.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
.3:30, 5:10. 6:30 D. m. Thursdays— Exti-a trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and ll:3o p. m.
.SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, ai:00 a. m.; l:S0, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
ban Haiacl to San Francisco.
"WEEK. DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and C:3o ;>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 5:40. 11:10 a, m.: iy40, 3:10.
I 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave { In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 23. 1901.; f»an Francisco.
' Week 1 Sun- ( j "Sun^~j "Week
Days. [ days. [ Destination. I days. | Days.
j 7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato. |1C:4O ami 8:40 am
I 3:30 pml 9:30 ami Petaluma. ¦ Urtlo pmilO:25 am
I 5:10 pm] 5:00 pm; Santa Rosa.! 7:25 pm| 6:20 pm
j Fulton. : < "^"j
7:30 am "Windsor, f |1O:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg.Q0:40 am
Lytton. J
Geyservllle. | .
3:30 pm] 8:00 am] Cloverdale I. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
.7:30 ajn! 5:00 pm| Hopland |10:40 am|10:23 an
3:30 p.m| 8:00 amj and Uklah. | 7:35 pm; 6:20 pm
7:30 am] I U0:40 amilO:-.j am
| S:00aml Guernevlll-?.| 7:S5 pm|
3:30 pm| a:00 pml '•_'.! j 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma. | 9:13 am| S:40 am
and I
j 5:10 pm 5:C0'pm Glen Elli'n. f 6:05 pm; 6:20 pm
j 7:30 am) 3:00 ami ~ 110:40 amllO:23 am
j 3:30 pmi 5:00 pmj Sebastojol. ) 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulplrar Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton tor Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Slraggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at .Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue /^akes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell'a.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal. Willits, Laytonville. Cummins.
Eell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
HI C. WHITING, " R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
UNITED STATES/BRANCH.. UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT STATEMENT
OF THE • OF THE-t—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-—OP THE • O F THE
£3 ITS 18 & 1 jpfj* ¦ <p K9B d9*Si "C^" 13"" B^b 0B jb ff"x t7B
INSURANCE COMPANY ASSURANCE COMPANY
r ' „„ _ ., , 4 . „ t . f\F MANCHESTER, ENGLAND. ON THE
f\F EDINBURGH, Scotland, on the 31st day \J 31st ,j a y O f December, A. D. 1900. and for
VJof December A.~X>. 1900. and for the year the year endinff on that day. as made to the
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance i nsl2ra nce Commissioner of the State t of Cali-
Commissloner of the State of California pur- f Orn i a- pursuant to the provisions oflsecticns
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 6U jj,, eu ot the p o nu ca i code, condensed as
of the Political Code, condensed as per 'blank pcr bianlc furnished by the Commissioner
furnished by tho Commissioner. *^ .„„„„„
ASSETS. . ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and 1 Real Estate owned by Company $3,312 14
Bonds owned by Company $1,604,660 00 Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Cash in Company's Office 903 12 Bonds owned by Company 1.400,880 00
Cash in Banks 123,93195 Cash In Company's Of flee 21.944 54
Interest due and accrued on ajl Cash in Banks 135,157 66
Stocks and Loans 14,431 15 Interest due and accrued on all .
Premiums in due Course of Collec- ' Stocks and Loans 5,054 17
tion •••• 164,024 98 Premiums In due Course of Collection 270,302 56
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 493 96 for Fire and Marine Risks 133 93
Duo from other Companies for Re- Due from other Companies for Rein-
insurance on losses already paid.. 2,119 50 surance on losses already paid .' - 4,293 S3
¦Total Assets .11,910,617 66 Total Assets' .$1,841,098 85
LIABILITIES. LIABILITIES * ' r
(Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 62,728 64 . . ,.
LoiseS ta process of Adjustment or Losses adjusted and unpaid »88,244 85
in Suspense • • 48,540 70 Losses in process of Adjustment or
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 11,196 13 in Suspense 71,122 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- Losses resisted, including expenses.. 15,203 20
nin* one year or less, $937,72108: Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
reinsurance 50 per cent 468,860 54 ningr one year or less, $1,073,335 66;
Gross premiums on Fire Bisks run- reinsurance • 50 - per cent ..„. 539,167 83
ning more than one year, $833,- Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
978 87: reinsurance pro rata 450,296 74 nlng more than one year, $989,980 51;
All other Liabilities ; 6f,759 88 reinsurance pro rata 496,080 43
All Other liabilities 79.586 47
Total Liabilities. $1,101.382 62
: '- Total Liabilities Jl.289.405 40
Net cash actually received- for Fire . INCOME. ~ '
B^^ m f« taUwVf'Md'ilVwiiar 1^" 40841 Net cash actually received for Fire
0^ "*" 62.762 90 R^iverfVYntereVt'-and •dVvVdend, 51 ' 387^ ° 6
Received for Pron?^sale - of •-»;: **'™ " on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
curluS 7,108 23 all other sources 52.436 72
Total Income ; $1.298, 279 54 . Total Income .$1.439,746 78
EXPENDITURES. | ~~ ~. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses .' ' Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in- '
(Including .$201,773 23, losses of , eluding $125,685 47, losses of pre-
prevlous years .......'. $850,488 25 vious years) $876,05117
Paid or, allowed for Commission or p a ia or"«allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .......••"••••'•••••••¦•.... 259,400 45 Brokerage 2S3.502 38
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other . — . paid for Salaries/ Fees, and other
chanre* Tor officers, clerks, etc.... 90.008 27 charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 86.602 OS
Paid for State. National and Local ¦ paid for State. National and Local
taxes 40,320 19 taxes • ........:..:. 60,70173
All other payments ana expend!- - A n otner payments and expenditures. 88.398 09
tures ••'• 82,3a3 15 .
Total Expenditure........... .$1.322.569 31 Total ; ..$1.05.255 43
Losses incurred during the year,....$ S2 Lc«e. Incurred during the year...... ymfiS* 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks • " = Net amount of Risks
- Srrittin during' the .¦ written during: the >
Jelr °...?. "°f....T!? $156,983,363 $1,702,843 15 year $179,879,502 $2,015.063 14
Net amount of Risks . , • Net amount of Risks '
expired during the expired during the
-year 152,761,443 1,598,166 24 year 175.572.743 1. 941, 679 44
Net ' amount in force Net amount in force !
December 31, 1900.... 181.595.182 1.821.699 45 December 31. 1900 ,194.146.167 2.068.316 17
CHAS. H POST. U. S. Manager. . OEO. S. A. TOUNG,
'N. A McNEIL. Assistant Manager. - U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th Subscribed and rwora to before me. this 6th
day of January., 1901. H. 15. FRANCK. day of February. 1901. EDWIN F. COREY •
• . Notary Public. Commissioner for California in New York.
PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMENT, PACIFIC COASTbEPARTIVIENT,
323 Caiifornia'Street, S. F. ' 323 California Street, S. F.
THOS; J CONROY, Manager. THOS. J. CONROY, Manager.
6E0.-W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr. GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE -ft CO. ...... Directors. BALFOOR, GUTHRIE & CO. ......: Directors.
iiimffinnft itiriBinnfiWigiT^ t&8mMUHttBh
ACCTIftH SALES
IVOW IS THE ACCEPTED TI.ME-.NO
NEED TO WA jfFCR OTIIES SALES.
fe AiXTiGN SllS _
of
50 head of KSOKEX WORK. DRIVING and
DRAFT KOBSFS. suitable for ANY PUR-
POSE. Being- '.he THIRD consignment from the
ranches of J. T .7. CHURCHILL E:s<r, Yreka.
To t>e sold en
MOJ.DAY. JULY S. 1301.
At 11 a. in. at
SALESYA RD, 1732 MARKET STREET, ''
I Cor. VAN NESS AVE.
F'.iKD II. CHASE & CO.
Live Stock. Auctioneers.
Successors to IZlllip & Co.
Horses now at Yard.
| RAILWAY TEAVEL.
| SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
j Train* l«nve ».«.! i»r« <|nt> lu mi-rivo i»i
I MAM PnANl'MCO,
] (JIain Line, Foos of Market SkreuU
| .-.** VT. — From Juse 15. 13C1. — armt*
j ~;©Oa Bunicia, Siiisun, Klmira, Vacarille,
Uiiujgeyami .-jacramerno 6:fJf
, 7:30a Martinez, .S*uUamou,VaUcjo. Jla^a,
\ Calistoga and .-lama Unsa «S:2." r
j S:OOa Da7ia. WooiUaud. KaisUt3 Landiag.
MarysTille, onmllc 7:.V1f
$:OOa Atlautiu K, * press— Os.leii aud Kiist IS:23f
»sO«a Niles, LUhr»p, Blocltoo «:3>f
»x«O.\ Kiles, MenddU, lianfjrd. Vi3ilia,
PortervWe 4:33r
*:3'ja Shasta Expri-sa— Dai^, Williara3(for
Bartlett tarings). Willows. Bad
liiuff. Portland. 7iS3r
¦*!»»» San Jose, Livenuore, KtoekBmt
lone, .-:i'jriii]'-nro. l'lariTfiio.
M.nyswilK Chi,;,,, R»1Bfofl ¦Ii2."»p
Hj*Oa Oak.luir. Chiueao (YosciruKt). Ho-
nora. Carters <:25p
•:«»» H»yward, Niks and Way Stations.. II:SJ*
! ««UOa Vallejo l»U!5p
j U:OOa Los Angeles Express— Mart.iiicz,
i '1'mcjt, Latlirop, .Saoeitoii, Jl; r< ci
i Fresno ami Los Anrfcies 7:23f
j »:at»A Vall-ji. SlarlliiM! an it Wuy Stations SaMf
j IOxOWa Tho Overland I.I . ted— Ogden. Don-
! Tcr, Omaha, Ciiioag) «:^."»p
| 1!tO«r Sacramento Kiter Stetmem »-1:Oi»a
I 3t30pIIayKiird, Nil*'* aud Way Station!!.. 7:53p
4:«M»i- I; -iiiciii. Winters, MacrametiLo,
Woodland, Kniuhts I.audinz,
MnrysvilLe, Oroiille • O:»3a
¦l:IH»p llatiinrt. San lUiunii. Valle.il>.
RaM. I'lilhlupt. Santa Ibma. 0:33a
J:O<»i> Nile*, LiTsrmora. Stockton, Lodi... ISaSp
4<:;iri' Ilaywaid, Niles, «an .lime, Linrruoro fJ»:-*3A
4:30p I'crt CC3 a. Truer. Lathrup. av-c!iti:a I»:23a
O:«M»1- The Owl l.lmltinrt fimm Tuia:-*.
BakvmHaM, .Saugus fur Santa Bar-
bara, 1.13 AiiK-lt'j 8s33v
R:«Op Martin z, Aatioch, Stockton, Mt-r-
Ced.Frjiiio , 13:23?
5:0«F Yosemits S2s*3»
3:3Ur New Orlnans Kipress— Mendol.a,
Fr.n <., i'. :!; .rsne.ct Lcs Angelica,
1) n-.i.i;;, Kl Faso, New Orleans
and E^st , .. 7jS3a
«:<M»p PI ay h i».ni. .Kilos and Han Joae 7:A3i
IBiOU e Vallejo 1 1 :23 \
«:Ot»r Oriental Mail-Ogileu, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Uhiongu 12j23p
6:OOp Oriental -Uail-Ogden, Denier,
85. Louis. Chicago 4 :83 e
7sO»p Oregon and California IS* |.r«fw, Muo-
nunaatiiL IWuryHville, KeililhiK,
I'oitlnnil, I'ugia .Sound unit Kiist S:33a
8i»3rSan I\ib:o, T..rt Costa, Mtrtiaez
ami Waj Htaticins 11^23*
t*:O3i> Vall.jo ~:3-">p
COAST LINE (flamm <i«» K e).
(footol Untied Street.!
J « :13a Sacta Cruz Kxen.-a <m to .Santa Ci tiz
and Principal Way Stati.ma JSiO.ip
8:13a Ne-.Tar!t.(J. : iiU:rvillr..Ssn.loao. FYItin,
lJuiiliivr (,'r.'ek,Hai;l a On:/, imd V. ay
HtHtiims 3:3t»r
tislar Newark, C'eittervillt*. San .lose. Ni-w
Aliimdfii. KrUoii. lIonMor Ciwk,
Santa. Cnr& ana l'riucipal Way
SniI.'omh I»:.1!>a
4:l3p Newark, Man Joae, Los Gate* !***•«
c*ii*r Gl*-airo-<d.Brn)d';r Creek. Santa Cruz «»:3Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrooSAH fEASCIiCO— foo; of Mirket Street (S!:p 8)—
t7:IS !):0O 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:511 5:15'"«
7rtm01IUIB— ftalt!iirtiJo.i;.— 1<>:»0 ta:OO 13:03
1O:UO«.M. 12:03 2:33 1:33 ''¦*'•
COAST IjINE (Urna.l IJaujfe).
(Third nnd To.vnsemi SU)
» «"»:IOa Sid Joee aiul Way MtattaH «:.;i»i>
«7:GOa h«i Joaaaml \V:.y SUt,i:,ns l::i»r
/7:»«a Neiv Aln.a.leii / 4:l'.>r
2?:UOa Sunday Excursion 'or San J:?e,
Har.t* I'ruz. Pacific GiO7e and
Principal Way Staiioass ;S:3Of
S'OOa Han Jose. Trts Pino*. Sniita f'rnx,
PjwMa Unite, r-alinjs San l.uii
Obispo. Santa V. .r'.iri aixl Pt:n-
cii>a. iiitermerliits -ttiili.ms 7:S»*
1O::i0a Sin J. se and W_r dtaiio;i.> 4:IOy
11:30a San Jose ami Way Stations OlM*
t2:l»F8an Mat™, Ueiwooit, Mi-ilo Park,
' Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han j< »b.
Tre3 Pinos, Santa Cm/:, Saliuas,
Mon-.Msy anil 1'acitic (Jrove 1lflfl.li
:t:»OpSui Jose and Way .SUtions 6::t»A
MilSl- San Jose and Principal Wsiy Htatl >i is !>:!"> a
. t r »:»"PS*n Jose, Los Gato3 aud Principal
Way Stations.... 19:0©%
r»::top San-loae au.l Princfp*! Way Stations »:3«a
Ji, ttiOOp Bedwo d, ftan Jos«. Gi;r<'y Saliuas.
Santa,Birhara, Los Ad^Us 1O:OOa
6fl>0p Del Mr-nte, .Monterey, Pacific Grofe,
Losxpoc 1O;OOa
«:SOp 8an Jose and WayStatious t*:«'»»
•all:4*pSan Jnse »ii«l Way Stations 7:3OT
A for Horning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. ? 5»«m!;»y only.
a Saturday only. e Mom' \y.
e Saturday tn I Sunday. / Tut-sdqy-* and Fridayi.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Kerry Depot.
I Local Lim'd OvrlM j Local
*- I Dally * Daily | Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:C0a S:0Op I 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:lS a 11:45 a H:10 p | 7:1S p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:11 a ! 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 110:50 p
" Hanford . 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:C6a
" Visalia .. 3:40p 4:43a
" Bakersfld 6:13 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kaas. Cy 2:40a 7:30a
** Chicago 2:15 p g:CO p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars anc Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to ,Bakersfleld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuastlay and
Friday.
4:20 pr. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. ., *
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at
5:53 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. is Baker3fleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via. Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 2S, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:53. 3:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. ra..
12:45. *1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. **:V>. 8:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. "Wednesdays, [Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, *9:00, *10:00. 11:00, ll:3f>
a. m., 12:43, *l:30, 2:30, *3:45, 5:00. 6:00, 7:30
p. in. 11.00 a. m. does not run to Siin Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quertin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:23. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35, 10:13
a. m.. *12:25, 1:13. 2:20, *-.:35,4:W, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on ilondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:C0. 9:45. *ll:00 \. m.. 12
m., 1:CO, 2:15, *3:30. 4:30, »5:45, 6:15, 7:30, 10:10
p. m. %
Trains marked f*) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43, 6:43, 7:53. 8:55, 10:30 a.
m., 12:35. 1:45, 2:45, 3:iO, 5:10. 5:29 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
¦ SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:03, 11:10 a. m.. 12:13,
l-'O 2:30. 3:43, 5:C0, 6:13, 7:13. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:20, 2:30, 3:43. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. ,10:30 p. m.
tions.
8:15 p. Jn. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
Leave San Fran. Arrive !3an Fran.
9:»> a. m.1 WEEK DATS f 3:35 p. rn.
1:45 p. m. V Stay over nisht at the-j 5:f.5 p. m.
4:13 p. ra. j TAVERN. [ 8:43 a. m.
8:00 a..m.1 \_ f:i2:13 p. m.
9:00 a. m. j 1:15 p. m.
10:00 a.m.*- SUNDAYS i 3:30 p.m.
11:30 ft. m. I 4:50 P- m-
lr30 p. m. I 5:S0 p. m.
2:30 p m. J I 7:10 p. m.
On Thursday, July 4. trains will run on Sun-
day time. Fare, San Francisco to Summit and
Return. $1.40. Ticket Offices, «21 Market St.
and Sausalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gifofcon's Dispensary,
629 BEAZXY ST. Established
In 1S54 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. I^ist Manbood. Debility or
disease wearlngon body ami mind and
Skin Diseases. TlieDoctorcures when
others fait. Try him. Charges low.
Cnre»crnaranle?d. C:i lorwrUlk
Dr. J. F. OICKOM. Uau Frauciscc, CalTHE REV.- DR. JOHN. HEMPHILL LAYING . THE CORNERSTONE .OF
THE NEW CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN -CHURCH EDIFICE AT THE
. CORNER OF JACKSON AND FILLMORE STREETS.
•- ¦ . :. "I"-'- :¦•'-¦¦ - t • /¦•
: Bob Gai, a well known Chinese sport,
was arrested yesterday afternoon at 611
Dupont street, by Officer Ingham. for in
terfering with an officer In the discharge
of his duty. Ingham was arresting a
Chinaman at the address mentioned ana
Gai interfered.
Bob Gai Was Not Wise.
A Japanese student named Frank Ki
mura fell Into the water while fishing
from Point Lobos Rock near Fort Point
yesterday and was drowned. His body
was recovered by Captain Hodson of the
life-saving crew and turned over to tlje
Coroner. Kimura was 25 years 'of age and
lived at 1010 Pine street.
Japanese Student Drowned.
Mr. and Mrs. John \V. Flinn of 1004 Bush
street celebrated the twenty-fifth anniver
sary of their wedding and the birthday of
their son, Edmund F. Flinn. at Deimoni
co's last evening. Edmund F. Flinn is
Connected with the art staff of the New
York "World and is visiting this city on his
vacation. Mr. Flinn Sr. is a member of
the real estate firm of Flinn, Sanderson
& Co.
Married Twenty-Five Years.
Cynthia May Vezina, the two-months
old infant of Mr. and Mrs. Louis N. Ve
zina, residing at 28 De Long avenue, was
accidentally smothered by her mother yes
terday'morning. Mrs. Vezina awoke dur
ing the night to nurse the infant, and fell
asleep with the babe on her breast- When
she awoke the child was dead. The case
was taken in charge by Coroner Leland
and an inquest will be held.
Infant Accidentally Smothered.
I have.no apprehensions for Calvary Church
as long as Dr. Hemphill shall continue to stand
In Its pupilt, for his ringing voice will, ever
preach the gospel of the redemption of man,
• San Francisco to-day occupies a larger tract
in the vision of the East than any other city
of the country. This new Calvary Church al
most overlooks Golden Gate, and you will not
be true to your traditions if you do not catch
the spirit of the new century and join heart
and soul in the missionary movement.
Th<- hand of man lays' the cornerstone, . but
men have gone before with pick and shovel,
getting down to hard rock. When men put up
a building they must first dig down to the
virgin cornerstone laid by the Almighty. So
in the edifice of faith, we must lay, the cor
nerstone on that which God has already laid.
• This removal ¦ signalizes the fact of the
progress of Calvary Church. It is a twentieth
century movement. Those of us who have been
here for /the past seventeen years are able to
recount evidences of progress of the church
here in California. Calvary Church has been
a center of influence for. morality and higher
life and Christian truth. - • ,
There Is a fitness in the laying of this cor
nerstone on . the Fourth of July, for we have
always taken pride in the fact that the Pres
byterian church has been an important factor
in the defense of the liberties of our people.
Rev. Dr. Henry C. Minton,, moderator of
, the General Assembly of the Presbyterian
Church of the United States, was the next
speaker. He said in part: •
Address by the Moderator.
flock deserves Christian companionship ¦with
the richest, then there will come disaster to
Presbyterlanism.
Director Roberts • and Superintendent
Leach have certain suspicions, but they
will not make any statements as to whom
they suspect until further evidence is
forthcoming. Superintendent Leach and
Cashier Cole, who are under bonds, will
be held civilly liable to the Government
for the loss of. the Bold coin.
The rule of the Mint was that the cashier's
vault should be checked up each night. This
was done regularly by Chief Clerk Dimmick.
The vault had become so crowded with sacks
of gold that it was impossible at times to see
and count every bag at night. No violence
was used on the cashier's vault when this
money was abstracted. The thief must have
been an emDloye of the Mint. How or when
the money was taken it is impossible to say.
The cashier's office closes each day at 3 p. m.
and the vault is closed and locked by its com
bination. The time lock does not becin to
operate until 5 p. m. Between 3 and 5 p. m.
the combination would er>en the vault, but
how could the money have been taken from
the carefully guarded building? There is but
one entrance and that is always watched by
our euards. The money was certainly not
taken in a lump sum. It would not have been
possible for six sacks of gold to have been
taken out of the building without the watch
men noticing the same.
The administration of Superintendent Leach
has been most successful, aside from this oc
currence.' The output of the Mint for the past
year has broken all records and the percentage
of wastage on the metal coined has been very
small. I congratulated Mr. Leach and did the
same to Cashier Cole and their various assist
ants when I was engaged last Saturday in
examining the affairs of the Mint. That rec
ord stands as testimony to competent services.
That was before the shortage was dlscgvered
by Mr. Leach himself In checking up the
cashier's vault. ;
The shortage was discovered in the last vault
counted, which is the cashier's vault, used
daily for business purposes. This vault should
liave contained $25,487,197 43, ' but there was a
discrepancy of $30,000. • 'The .'shortage was in
double eaeles. There should have been 1515
bags of double eagles,' containing $5000 each.
The. vault only 'contained 1509 bags.
The books show that . there should be $104,r
432.1&7 45 on liand in the Mint in coin, in
addition ¦ to considerable bullion. The bullion
Is all right, but the coin is short $30,000.
The Mint was closed yesterday, owing
to the day being a legal holiday, but Se
cret Service Agent Hazen was busily en
gaged in working on the case and a watch
was kept on certain suspected persons.
Director Roberts gave out a public^
statement in which he says that -when
thu, shortage was first discovered it was
hoped that an error in bookkeeping would
account for the missing $30,000, but that a
careful rechecking of the accounts show
ed that the books were correct, and that
six sacks, containing $5000 each, had been
abstracted from the cashier's vault in the
last three months. The statement con
tains the following:
„ new developed yesterday in the
matter of the theft of $30,000 in gold coin
from the cashier's vault of the United
States Mint in this city. George E. Rob
erts, United States Director General of
the Mint, and Superintendent Leach ad
mit that a theft has been committed by
one- or more of the local branch Mint em
ployes.
Public - Statement Is Made
¦ by General Director
Roberts.
Suspected Employes Are
Being Watched by
FIND NO CLEW
TO MINT THIEF
Opium Smofcters Captured.
Six Chinamen were captured yesterday
afternoon by the police Chinatown squad
visiting an opium joint, at*36 Washington
street. The prisoners were released en
bonds an hour later.
General Young to Eeview Troops.
Major General S. M. B. Young, accom
panied by his staff, will review at 11
o'clock to-day all the soldiers who are sta
tioned at the Presidio. The troops will
maneuver on the lower parade ground
near the beach. They will be under the
command of Colonel J. B. Rawles, post
commander.
Electric Car System.
E. Randolph, division superintendent at
Tucson of the Southern Pacific Company,
has resigned his position to accept the
general managership of the Los Angeles
electric car system. His resignation takes
effect on the first of next month. Ran
dolph is deemed a most capable railroad
iran and his services will be missed by
the Southern Pacific Company.
It is not known who will take Ran
dolph's place,, at Tucson, but an appoint
ment will be made in a few daj r s.
It is rumored that the lines in Oregon
of the Southern Pacific system will be
assimilated with the Pacific system in the
near future. Should this be done it Is
mere than probable that Manager Fill
more's Jurisdiction will be extended to
Portland and Manager Koehler will re
sign.
J. C. Stubbs left yesterday for Chicago
to fill his newly created office of traffic
director for several of the Harriman
roads. Stubbs was accompanied to the
East by E. O. McCormick, who goes to
nttend the quarterly meeting of the
Transcontinental Passenger Association
*nd William Sproule,. who also &oes to
Chicago on business.
Huntington Appoints Him General
Manager of the Los Angeles
DIVISION SUPERINTEmDEUT
E. RA2?DOLPH RESIGNS
This is not the first occasion. It Is said,
on which Wilson has displayed his hatred
for the children of the neighborhood. On
the 14th of last February he is accused of
having brutaily beaten a little boy about
the bead with a loaded cane for playing
a practical joke. He is known to have al
ways carried a pistol, and frequently he
terrified the children of the vicinity by
displaying it in a threatening manner.
Only yesterday afternoon he exhibited his
pistol to Mrs. Chessman, a neighbor, re
siding- at 173 Shipley street. Wilson is
considered by the people residing In the
vicinity of his residence as extremely
Quarrelsome and overbearing.
Maggie Hartwell. the little victim, is
very frail. She is deemed an extremely
bright child. Che formerly attended the
sisters' school on Grove street.'
At the time of the shooting there were
more than fifty children playing in the
street, but none of them saw the man fire
the shot. When the little girl was struck
phe was standing fully 125 feet from Wil
son's house, watching the fireworks which
the other children were setting off. Mrs.
A. Cademartori, who lives directly oppo
site from Wilson's residence, saw the flash
of the revolver, although she could not
distinguish the man who fired it because
of the darkness.
Exhibits Pistol to Mrs. Chessman.
Two chambers of the weapon contained
empty cartridges, and it was evident that
the pistol had been used quite recently.
When shown the weapon, Wilson ac
knowledged that it was his and said that
he had flred a shot from it during the
afternoon, using a near-by fence as a
target.
Wilson Is a large, powerful man and
about 65 years of age. He was a member
of the local police force for ten years,
but resigned twelve years ago.
Mre. Hartwell, the girl's mother, lives
at 2!*j Shipley street. She is a widow
and depends upon her two sons, aged 14
and 29 respectively, for the family's sup
port.
Later the officers returned to his house
and after a search located a 38-caliber
Colt's revolver.
Wilson denied the accusation against
him, and declared that the girl was mis
taken.. He 6aid to the officers at the hos
pital that he had fired no shot and de
nied that he had a pistol.
Wilson was arrested by Officers R. H.
Beamer and W. E. Eskew and brought
to the hospital. The little girl identified
him positively as her assailant.
Maggie Identifies Wilson.
An examination showed that the bullet
had passed through the right arm and
had lodged in the stomach. Dr. Armis
tead probed the wound, but failed to lo
cate the bullet.
One of the boys saw the little girl fall,
and as he picked her up she told him
that she had been shot in the stomach.
The ambulance was sent for and the
wounded girl was taken to the Receiving
Hospital.
In relating the story the little one tald
that Borne boys were firing crackers near
Wilson's house and that one was thrown
on bis porch. Wilson, she said, came
from his house and stealthily approaching
the group of boys pulled his pistol and
fired pointblank at the crowd.
The girl was taken to the j- Central
Emergency Hospital, -where she 'made a
statement In which she accused Robert
Wilson, an ex-police officer, of having 1
•willfully flred the shot that injured her.
Maggie Hartwell. an 11-year-old girl,
•was ehot In the abdomen and probably
fatally wounded last night on Shipley
etreet. near Fifth.
Guilty.
Robert "WUson Is Identified by Her
as . Her Assailant, But
[ i Denies That He Is
Maggie Hartwell Lies Dying
With Bullet Wound
in, Stomach.
An Ex-Police Officer Is
Charged With an
Awful Crime.
LITTLE GIRL
FATALLY SHOT
BY A BRUTE
The negro S In the woodpile ! may ! be a
creature of • the imagination. ; :;.'-.
The name" Is & guaranty of its purity— Jesse
Moore" Whiskey is always" right. . . /¦
. Verus cures piles or $50 reward. \ All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee It •
The Park Commissioners will meet in
conjunction with the Board of Health at
1 o'clock this afternoon in the Mills build-
Ing for the purpose. of deciding definitely
as to the location' of the Park Emergency
Hospital. The Board of Supervisors i has
set aside, $5000 for.; the construction of . ?i
park hospital lnoroerthat people injured
in the park may; be properly treated.
Park Emergency Hospital.
The only. route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For. full .information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 212 California street. • ' •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited".
i - •>¦>-• . § • ¦'-
fully and painlessly and -while his'famlly
were around him. -
His wife was a Miss Rosina Gummer,
one of a family well known in California.
She survives him, and he leaves also two
daughters, Mrs. W. G. -Rountree and Miss
Ella Coghill. and two sons. William H.
Coghill and Newton Booth Coghill, all of
whom reside In this city.- • •
A church is not. a building intended so much
for God as. for man,, yet it would be vain for
man to: build it if God were not to bless it
with his presence. So you have begun the
erection of an edifice • where man is to meet
God face to face. .-
The time has long passed when it was neces
. sary to argue in favor of the erection of a new
j church. There was a time, when San Fran
: Cisco was more a town than a city, when argru
i ment was necessary, bnt the men who opposed
'-. churches are mostly dead while the, church
i lives on. •• '•.;¦
Danger of' Too Much Wealth.
; I am Klari that I have come to congratulate a*
church that knows what it stands for, that
: puts into its cornerstone an unmistakable
. creed;' that builds upon Jesus Christ, the cor-
I nerstone of all - churches. If we are to con
gratulate you, you must continue to be good
; Presbytprians. ' We' do not want a Methodist
church here, the location is not good for one.
You. want a church that will stay Presbyterian
In pul^Jt and pew,, strong and substantial as
you have. always been. When you get Armlnian
enough to • believe that man Is f ree-. we I want
you still, to be Calvinistic enough to believe
that God is sovereign. •
! I shall be • sorry if this church Is . devoted
j more- to preaching about Christ than to preach
ing Christ. I beg of you to remember that we
: are at the- dawn of a new century with the
centuries of the history of the Christian church
behind us, and that as you are beginning the
history of the new. century with that greatest
of religious movements, the missionary move
iment, you- are beginning . It also -with .that
greatest of doctrines— the brotherhood of man.
. There Is danger that' we as churches will get
•too much money to be good, too much to be
pious, too much to be Christian. When you
have forgotten that the poorest -member of your
While we are of teij 'distinguished as sects, we
are here to-day in a much- more essential char
acter, to recognize a much more' essential ele
ment in all our lives, one that will endear
this hour to us all. : ' -¦ ' '¦' ' • • .-
After spending nearly all ' the money
realized on the raised check he was ar
rested: and .held > pending the arrival of
an officer from this city. ». ¦ .
Sailing admits raising ¦ the Neheck, but
pleads «In extenuation' that - he : did . not
know that" he was committing any crime.
YOuTHFOL CRIMINAL
' , V IS LANDED IN PRISON
Walter Sailing, Who Raised a Five-
Dollar Cheek, Brought Back
, . . ¦ Fro:n Chicago.
"Walter Sailing, the 17-year-old boy who
raised a'-$5 check to $500 and who was ap
prehended in, Chicago, was brought 'back
last evening byj Detective Ross Whlt
aker. and locked | up- in- the City Prison;
Sailing, was employed by "W. M.Du Val
& Co., and after being given a $5 check in
payment for. a week's work, he raised it
to $500. H& then , went to Chicago, where
he succeeded in having the worthless pa
per cashed, i. - - - ,
As a temporary, representative of .this church
and of this. cosmopolitan community I declare
this" cornerstone ' well laid." We lay it in the
hope and 1 confidence that Calvary Church is to
continue in progress and achievement. .We lay
it In the" name, of the Father, of the Son and
of the Holy Ghost— the one God. Amen!
The audience "sang- "My Country -Tis of
Thee," and the benediction completed the
impressive ceremony. " .
Directed by Dr. Hemphill. workmen
hoisted the great block of Tinino sand
stone and made ready to lower it into its
place.- A box made of copper, containing
a Bible, a Presbyterian Hymnal, an Invi
tation to the cornerstone laying 'and a
programme of the exercises, photographs
of the two earlier Calvary churches and a
drawing of the new one, copies of The
Call and other San. Francisco newspapers
and religious perlodicals.was placed with
in the cornerstone. -Dr. Hemphill said
as -the. stone was lowered into place: .
That Is • blue. It stands for piety, ¦ Presby
terian piety, Scotch Presbyterian piety. There
is a touch' of yellow in it— that stands for
Dutch Presbyterian piety. And intertwined
with those symbols of piety i are the Stars and
Stripes, the symbol of our patriotism. A hun
dred and fifty ' years ¦ from now, members of
Calvary Church will say with pride that Its
cornerstone was laid on I the first Fourth of
July of the twentieth century. ¦¦¦ . • ¦
The Rev. Dr. John Hemphill, pastor of
the church, made an address Introductory
to laying the cornerstone. His address
was largely patriotic in character. Point
ing to colors upon the lapel of his coat, he
said: ¦
Pastor Lays Cornerstone.
and Calvary Church will go on believing In the
word living as well as the word written— In
Christ the pinnacle of every true church of
God. ¦,...' ....
PEACZFTTI/ BEATS OF ,
WEL3J-KNOWN" PIONEER
Andrew Jackson Cogbill, an Old
Resident of This City, Passes
Away at His Home.
"With the coming of last evening' death
called Andrew Jackson Coghill, one of the
men of '50, who spent the best years of
his life with the growth of San Fran
cisco. He died at his home, 1614 Union
street.
Mr. Coghill was born In Lloyd. Va.. in
1828.. He came to California and to San
Francisco in 1S50, and until- 1883 was a
prominent figure in the business life of
the growing city. He was a. member of
the Vigilance Committee, and while he
never held public office he was well known
In both business and social' life. He had
a turn for the pen and he contributed
more than one bit of prose and verse to
the papers of the early days, besides arti
cles of much literary value. '
In 1SS3 he went to Healdsburgr, where
he had purchased a farm, and for several
years he lived in the country. Then he
returned to San Francisco and here he
lived until his end. He was ill for sev
eral months before his death and was
often In pain, but the end came peace-
The Rev. Dr. William A. Alexander of
the San Anselmo .Theological' Seminary
opened the exercises with an invocation.
A hymn, "Sing to the Lord with Cheerful
Voice," was read- by- Rabbi Jacob'. Nieto.
after which it was sung by the audience.
A responsive reading of. Psalm cxxil
was led by the Rev. George G. -Eldredge,
pastor of St. John's Presbyterian Church.
After another hymn was • sung- — "Oh,
Where Are Kings and Kmpires Now?" —
the Rev. Dr. George C. Adams, pastor of
the First Congregational Church, road
"Solomon's Prayer." • ••• '
The opening address was made by Bish
op J. \V\ Hamilton of the Methodist Epis.
'copal Church, who spoke in part as fol
lows: ¦ ,••
Bishop Hamilton Speaks.
PIETY and patriotism mingled in
the ceremony of laying the cor
nerstone- of the new- Calvary
Presbyterian Church, at the cor
ner of . Jackson and Fillmore
streets, yesterday afternoon. The staunch,
unswerving Presbyterians of that congre
gation did not forget in the triumph and
exultation of the occasion the significance
of the day to the country at large, and
tributes to political liberty and prayers
that the nation might endure were heard
as frequently as reference to church
achievements and appeal for divine guid
ance and' for divine favor for the new
edifice dedicated so auspiciously to the
worship of the L.ord.
The exercises were held upon a platfcrm
! elevated seven or eight feet, to the height
of the foundation stones upon which the
huge sandstone block, the cornerstone of
the magnificent new edifice, was to rest.
From staffs nailed to the platform and
to the top of the hoisting derrick towering
in the midst of the beginnings of -walls
of brick and' stone, there fluttered many
flags. The sharp explosion of firecrackers
punctuated the addresses of eminent di
vines, and the roar of the city celebrating
was a fit accompaniment to jubilant Prot
estant hymns of praise. •
Representatives of the clergy of every
Protestant denomination In the city- were
present on the platform.- The remaining
chairs were occupied by prominent lay
men of the Calvary and other congrega
tions. Hundreds of men and women stood
within the boundaries of the church foun
dations, gathering as closely" abouf the
platform as possible. An organ was placod
at the base of the hoisting. derrick and the
church choir, grouped about it, led the
singing. : • • . '. . . .. . ,
THE; SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY, JULY, 5, 1901.
Patriotism Mingles With Deep Piety of Clergy and Congregation
in Ceremony That Marks New- Era of a Religious Body That
Has Long Been Center of Influence-Making for the Higher Life
CALVARY CHURCH'S CORNERSTONE
IS LAID ON GOUNTRY'S NATAL DAY
12
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
With Sensible People
Malt Brett Fool
¦ •
Is Justly Popular Because of Its
Many Health Advantages.
In summer time It Is wise to avoid ce-
real foods that have a tendency to heat
the blood, irritate the etomach and bring
on digestive derangements. . If you would
Ko forth to the duties of the day with a
full measure of health and vigor, use de-
licious and appetizing J Malt Breakfast
Food, easy to digest and unequaled as a
eystem nourlsher. It requires the use of
but on© package of x Malt Breakfast Food
to convince sensible people of its great
superiority over all other known "grain
foods. At all grocers and general stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. " -• ¦ ¦ ' ¦ i
he Talk of
The Town!
I^MlP 3^ i nose
|f^ft Trouser
aJHlfflValiiesi...
|ltil^^S_^^ worste^ trousers™
IS ll^fes^^^^s $5. OO:Va!ues— Special
Our ' '( \ I
—at— 1
$ir\ ___r_^^ I '
9.5O I; I
Send for Our New Catalogue of Summer Fashions for Man, Boy and Child.
EQUITABLE GAS
Eastern Syndicate Has /H 3^ .^
an Option on the * ***
•p _ f . . Oak Extension Table, 42-in.
Irroperuy . quarter-sawed oak top, heavy
! b fluted legs, extend:} to six
feet $8.75
Within a short time the plant of the
Equitable Gas Light Company with its Get an estimate frons US on
adjuncts, the Equitable pool and the Cen- everything required to furnish
tral Light and Power Company, will pass your entire establishment
Into the hands of Eastern capitalist*. Credit and free delivery within
Warren J. Payne, who represents an Eait- ioo, miles We closi* at si*-
em syndicate, deposited the sum of. 120,000 I <, xr( , n > „„ c-Illi, '
on July 2 as an option on the purchase €XCept On Satu^ay.
of the combined plants, the total amount
involved in the transaction being 1 a - little ¦¦ tTJi • 4 rf •
more than $1,000,000. The option has ninety g LJ£ ff^rt | a 4 •'"% **n -fl-
days to run and will undoubtedly be taken | | | ||^ I 31 H 8 (Pi | 3 9
up by the syndicate at me appointed time. • . ¦** ¦ ¦ **
Under the terms" of the sale sharehold- FTTR1MTTTTRC Pf*l
ers of the Equitable Gas Light Company - r Uii»ilUttt l-U M
will receive $6 50 for their stock; stock- 338-342 POST STREET,
holders of the Equitable pool $1 09 a share Opposite Union Square.
and those of the Central Light and Power ¦ f
Company $5. BMl»*Aiiw «nii . > l^m"y.y l^^^j8'i^ )^,
Frank Pauson. treasurer of the Eqult- '¦ ; ._ _______
able Company, last night denied the ru- * I
mor that Claus Spreckels and the San I v^-v^.---^ JUU »^_t_ 1 .T t^ 1 uL!iiiJtMMW— Tl
Francisco Gas. Light Company were be- I^^(^^^^fiyW^ r t 'jf^^^^nffipS i
hind the deal. Pauson says that the In- i _f§a k if ia la Jl m _j Era 1
tended purchasers of the properties are I H . jCR \ M f am Y iftl tV fl i* ™ I
Eastern capitalists who intend to enlarge 1 w, _ j T \ffSf 5f»l 3 /3 1 1 * k&S.^ 1
the plant after it comes into their posses- I Mroin'i I Ti^iftfi illllAi—liTli'n *^°^ * E&cl i
sion. For that purpose at least another » ~~ r , b_____im _ ¦ bm j
$1,000,000 will be spent. - // ' ,„ ' ,
"With superior facilities for the manu- // Maxwell a Glasses cost you yy
facture of gas," said Pauson, "the new // niir TUIDfl I CI>P "W
concern will be prepared to furnish gas If UiiC'lllInU LbUU \\
at 75 cents a thousand, thus establishing [( |!
effective competition with rival compa- I! than other glasses — they j
nies. Mr. Payne entered into negotiations 11 strengthen . the eyes, correct If
with us several months ago. but only de- II £«_y »?»<». ,»?« •«• j^V"*? //
elded last Tuesday to bind the. bargain." \\ * v , way than other K' as » es - //
The present officers of the Equitable W lenses repaired tor Js less Ik
Company areas follows: Charles L. Acki \v than rcfcular orices. //I
;rman, president; Dr. J. w. Chisholm, vice , Vi - * v '£*
KS_&_U£&££3 secretly, : a nd R O om4^Acddm^SdenceB/d
it^r^S^^^j^^^-it^ l&i^ market sy s.f 1
Intended to manufacture gas by ¦ a new -'.'¦' ' •
process and furnish it for $1 per thousand ' *. - •.
cubic feet. Mains have been laid in many f|-r> Xi XL > tim ¦» -m -a, __ -__ -a, ¦
streets but the gas has. not been in as i u| n Bir> B n AI\I« cT. J7-Tj£
general use as the projectors of the enter- # VISIT DR. JORDAN . S GREAT C
irise expected. Nevertheless the company iUIICCIIII AC AUllTflMVJk
ha.s made some inroads into the business f Bl U O C U ill Ul HfiJtlUnllf
af the older company. 1 g% 1051 KAS2XT ST. l«t 6**7*, S.T.C1I. I
¦ \ «Tf^ ' The'L-4~rest Anatomical Museum in the \
Hesperian Parlor Holds Picnic. -f *0S& _S& piYt^r.-r.'-VSe 1 SSSl f
Hesperian Parlor, Native Sons of the 9 jfgSI spec: Jiit on the Coast Esc^years. (fc
Golden V.est, accompanied by Las Lomas A fl_tf A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN 4
Parlor, Of the Native Daughters, held a \ I fTsS3)D Consultation free and strictly private \
very pleasant outing at Camp Taylor. In 0 1 &W 5 !!££?/?•' p? n T. I ?J!i y r» cr b £ 1et t er - A 9
the redwoods of Marin County, yesterday. \ fi W T|B ,\
rwo j bands were^ present to furnish en- ftS Iff "¦?SwasS "SSVS u f
tertainment for the guests and music for l A jl »aiu»bie book for mm) ' \
the dancing. The arrangements .were in f j>_ jobdax a €0.. 1051 ifartet at. S. F. f
charge of . W. D. Muller, C. II. Ehlert. >i-_ m__"» ~i ii u % » -» m » ¦
George Zett, H. T. Shepston and H. <~»^^~»'~^^ y W
Zecher.- '. .'""'"' '¦""'"*¦ ' .> -
Young Men'slnstitute Outing. TYR 1WC1\[IIT TV
Local councils of the Young: Men's In- UJLt.* _!_ -XI UJ.J JL _. ¦
stitute held 1 their annual reunion and pic- Tf Sffil^^2?i4_S^S^£S g?J£-
nicat Fernbrook Park. Nlles Canyon, yes- 8tr!ctnrp,s?raiiml Wemkneai,iipot?nce and 1 their
terday. ,-• allied Disorders. Rook on Diseases of Men, fr<>#
An appropriate literary and musical pro- Over:oyearv»xper<ence.Ternnrea«>nabie. Hoars,
rramme was a leading feature of the day's »to3dany;6:Mto8.30ev'g;s. Sundays, »>to 12. Consul-
Intertainment. The arrangements were In totionfreeandsacredly confidential. Call oi-addxesa
charge of Robert Tobin, D. E. Hoyden,' E- r * BO8COE aicXlTI.TS'. 91. D.
B. .Thomas, John F. Comyns and P. 2©J£ Eeuny 8t^ 8an FranelMOt Csl-
Hagar. . —
¦¦. " ¦ >
Emmanuel Baptist Church Eecital. - 1A/. X. * H O _>S.
"An organ recital and sacred concert will K0TAET PUBLIC AND ATTOEHEr-AT-LAW
be -given next Sunday evening at the Em- Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bid*,
manuel Baptist Church on Bartlett street. Telephone Brown 93X.
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third, - Residence, 821 California «t, b«:.ow PowtlL
of which congregation Rev. J. George Gib- S»n Franclaco. ..
son is pastor. The concert will be in aid of ~~ " ~ - ' ~ ¦ ¦
r. f nnd to make required Improvements in nn nDncCUlU'C CDCPtCIP IIIVTnnr
the church edifice. . . . _. Utl. bnUOOMAN O SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
~ " ' * ' — = ' J^TJStrS 3 " of GOXORRHEJI^ GLEETS.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM of Rail- ?32 } CTVr^^ » nd "alogous compUl nt* o£ th«
ways. Offlce-30 Montgomery street. * °g5S n _l. . x>j ¦ -ru««au>
1 *714 I
I Cheap at $1.00. I
B Good Percale Wrappers, deep RI
if flounce, trimmed with braid, M
& light and dark colors. 7Q« if
(I Sizes 32 to 44. Yours; to- |0U H
I To=day's the Day I
H To get a few of those QQ PC m
El very fashionable, finest AJinj P|
H silk $6 waists for.. vwiww g
{fa All - our $1 Grass Linen Of) n .. Fa
fig Underskirts, ' accordeon QUJj H
1$ Overskirts, very wldertr. |
B flounces, in Grass Linen MJ I, ' H
HJ and Covert Cloth ww *' CB
H About 7 dozen $1.75 all-over nfl* n
B9 Lace Waists, placed onHQI. m
El sale to-day at g
I GHILDSEfcHATS AND 1
I BONNETS. i
3 Odds and ends, worth I En S
a 50c at any time.. To-day.. |QJj . H
HI That the 5-cent and 10-cent m
m embroideries we offer to-day can m
BEJ hardly be surpassed for double m
Ha - the money? We • merely ask B
Kg your Inspection and rely on your ta
H - judgment. . fl
ImArksbrosi
j|, ,jttr 1214 MMMETST. J