ASSISTANT TO PRESIDENT. E.H. HARRIMAN. WHO WILL BE THE
EXECUTIVE. HEAD OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY IN
THIS CITY. UNDER THE NEW ADMINISTRATION.
NEW YORK. Sept. 30.— A Times special
/™. m Mont f eal J says: According to well
informed railway men here it is very
likely, that Charles M. Hays, who ha»
Just resigned the presidency of the Soutbj
ern Pacific, will-join the New York, New
Haven and Hartford, road. A close friend
of Hays said to-day that Hays has three,
offers from Eastern lines,* but it could be
S^tQ. almost with certainty that he will
accept the offer of tl.« New Haven com-
Hays Has Three 'Offers.
CARSON, Nev., Sept. 30.-George " M.
Pullman and Mrs. Sarah L. Brazell were
married at the Arlington Hotel to-night
by Justice. of the Peace Stone. The mar
riage was witnessed by Mrs. West, moth
er of the bride, and G. O'Donnell, both of
San Francisco. The party departed for
San Francisco to-night. •
GEORGE M. PTJXLMAN
WEDS MBS. BBAZELL
In the afternoon the Duke will open the
provincial exposfttori and after the official
dinner at Government House tHere will be
a receDtion in the government buildings.
On Wednesday the party will be left to
their own devices.
appearance. The royal party is scheduled
to land at the outer docks at 10 a. m. and
after the GovernoT and Cabinet Ministers
have been presented the royal procession
will proceed to the Parliament buildings,
where the civic authorities will be intro
duced and the medals presented to volun
teers who fought in South Africa/ Thence
the party will proceed through the city to
Esqulmault to take luncheon -with the
admiral.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sep't, • 30.— Victoria is
ready to receive the Duke and Duchess of
Ccnrnwall and York. The. city /lias been
gaily, decorated and 'million* ot electric
lights and Chinese, lanterns have been
strung for. the Illuminations at night.. Th»
Parliament and "other buildings and
houses are . covered >y light*,' and.- wh.i
the searchlights of the ships of war play- 1
ing ou the city. It; will pre sent a ijrmiiUit
Victoria Brightly Decorated.
Late in the afternoon- the- Duke and
Duchess boarded the steamship Empress
of India, on which they are to be taken
to Victoria, convoyed by the North Pa
cific squadron.
Tc-night the city and fleet in the harbor
were illuminated in honor of the royal
party. On / shore thousands of ; electric
lights burned brightly while the j ships
were outlined in' lines of lamps. The
Empress of India and her \ convoy reach
Victoria, to-nrorrow morning^ a'nd the Duke
and Duchess are to be given another spe
cial reception thers.
and Duchess" then assisted in the formal
or-ering of a new drill hall for the local
.niflilla and the former presented medals
to the volunteer soldiers of this district
who served in South Africa. .
The royal party took luncheon . in - the
drill shed with the officers and members
of the receDtion committee. Later in the
dry the Duke and Duchess were shown
through the Hastings "sawmill and driven
through Stanley Park. In the park the
school children of the city sang patriotic
songs as the ducal party passed. - Later
the chiefs and leading tribesmen of the
British Columbia Indians paid their " re
spects to the Duke and Duchess.
\u25a0An attractive feature of the street deco
rations- was a series of arches, one of
ifcich was erected by the Chlu^ 8e res ,_
<^r;ti, of the city and another by tee Jap
\u25a0 (At the courthouse Mayor Townley* read
an address cf welcome and the Duke i a
ijjplr thanke^ him and the people oA the
•Itr tox their cordial recepUon. The liuke
Arches Span the Streets.
.-Preinler I^auri» r -„>! \u2666», „ .
; »#i » _v^ v. m xna th * Countess- of
Minto. who had » mvft i v,v t*,- n *
icla^olned with gSZ^™.*
,onn of admiral of S^^^gg
Committee had been lnu^" " er th , e
Seers of the North Pacin?""^ thC ° f "
Wesented. The Duke
or honor before he and the\buch
V-iicorted to the state carrfaee t», ?* Were
efl them. They, were then S££ t *™ U
Rustically decorated streets to the wuS*
Jit; use. url "
VANCOUVER, B. C.Sept. SO.— The
t>uke and Duchess, of Cornwall
completed their trans-continental
tour westward to-day and are the
goesui cf the people of Vancouver.
Their special train made the run down
through the Canyon and valley of the
Fraser this moaning and at 11:30 o'clock
pulled into the Canadian Pacific station.
On the terraced heights back of the sta
«on a great crowi was gathered and the
royal Epelial halted to a salvo of cheers.
,A ruaro ]\z honor, composed of bluejack
tls from the North Pacific squadron, was
tfrawn up at the depot platform and back
S? U *" a detachment of the Northwest
.raounted police m their smart "uniforms
01 scarlet and black.
ROYAL TRAVELERS WHO ARE RECEIVING AN ENTHUSIASTIC WELCOME AND BOUNDLESS HOSPITALITY
IN THE CITIES OF.BRITISH COLUMBIA. AND .THE MAGNIFICENT YACHT IN^^ WmCH THEY^ AND
ENTOURAGE ARE MAKING THEIR VOYAGE AROUND THE WORLD wiiicii ±tit,Y AND THEIR
; Business will move on just the same.
Hays, instead of reaching the office in the
tall yellow building at 9 o'clock, will rus
ticate for several; weeks in the country,
and Kruttschnitt will use . every.; effort to
show that the confidence reposed in" htm
was well placed. .. In" a few months ' Hays
will return . East and again take up - the
fight, using his brains to amass more cap
ital for capitalists. / Kruttschnitt will ; oc
cupy the spacious and ; handsomely fur
nished offices -vacated by 'Hays; ' So ::the
worlds goes. v"The king is dead, long live
the king." ,\ : -\u25a0
• With the passing \ of • President \u25a0 Hays
«o«s'B." H, Fitzhugh, .'who/ was "recently
Hays "Will Go East Soon.
: Regarding the rumor that the Market
street Railway Company was negotiating
with Eastern capitalists for 'the sale of
the -road Huntington was very guarded.
He said that Eastern capitalists had of-'
feredUo buy the road, but that an agree
ment could not be made in regard to j the
price. "He said that ultimately a price
might be agreed upon, arid yet nothing
might result from* the negotiations. \
\u25a0 '.; Huntington : confirmed'. the story >to' the
effect S that j the Pacific Com
pany had ; sold i out '\u25a0 its : en tire ; holdings . in
the Mexican International Railway to the
Speyersof New York, . -^
May Sell the System.
T|| nr^— ,, in r -"— " I " '",..'
tives and friends of the men of Company
C, General Chaffee was directed to-day
to* cable a list of, the casualties.
This is the first occasion for soSie '
months that the department will receive
a cablegram . containing the names of of
ficers and men killed and wounded. Os
tensibly to save expense. Secretary Itoo
orderedllst»of casualties mailed. A rumor
has been current about th<s War Depart-^ ;
ment that the real reason was to support -
the theory that the Philippines were paci
fied by not listing each day several cas
ualties, which had'occurred the day-pr^^
vious. ' Friends of the men killed \u25a0
\u25a0wounded', have complained at thelrj Ca»l\ ,. .
ure to promptly receive advices concur. -I :
ing the j. injuries . suffered by thost j; 4
wtiom.they arc interested,
/it is Hkely as a result, of the Sa^ar
catastrophe that orders will be issued di- , x
r/fect!ng that hereafter a 'list of all ca*«
Aaltiea be cabled to Washington. ,
The Southern Pacific Company starts
on a^ new era- to-day. Eastern capital
owns the . road and .will direct its policy.
Julius Kruttschnltt will report daily the
earnings of t'he road and how the vast
workings of the corporation 'are
gressing. In the inauguration of the
new administration to-day, no special in
cidents are looked for. There will be no
reception by our prominent : merchants—
.no addresses of congratulation, such as
were tendered to Charles M. . Hays when
he arrived to assume the diilUm nr-hhiof"
executive^Cvt-tlie "i>outhern •' Pacific - Com-
Mri J. Kruttschnitt Is hereby appointed as
sistant to ' president, with such powers and
duties, . in addition to those 1 pertaining to his
present office of fourth vice president and gen
eral manager, as may be ; prescribed from-; time
to, time. ,' '''•' ' r \u25a0\u25a0•',
All officers heretofore reporting to the presi
dent will hereafter report to him.- -,".**
\u25a0 E. H. HARRIMAN. -President.
NEW YORK, October 1, J901,
Office of the President.
Harriman's official announcement,
which was distributed from "the office of
Vice President Kruttschnitt, reads:
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
AS exclusively announced in
last Sunday's ' Call, "E. H.
Harriman is now president of
the Southern Pacific Company. , The
official circular, signed by Harriman,
was issued yesterday, and in it the
new railroad f. president 7 states \u25a0 that
Julius Kxuttschnitt is appointed as
bis assistant.
All the prominent officials in . • the
railroad building \u25a0 were notified last
Saturday, that Harriman bad ap
pointed himself president of the road,
but it was not until 4 o'clock yester
day afternoon that the small, white
Blip of paper was handed out officially
notifying the . public that the South
ern Pacific Company had passed an
other landmark in its history. -.
All reports to the effect that H. E.
Huntington / will again '.;. take an active
hand in the affairs of the Southern Pa
cific Company are erroneous. Mr. Hunt
ington arrived from New York yesterday,
accompanied by his mother and sister.
Old -railroad officials pointed significantly
to the fact that Huntington was coming
here -just »at the time when Hays was
stepping out and that he might again
take offices in the railroad building and
"preside over the company's local affairs.
The first words of Huntlngton's Interview
to a Call reporter yesterday afternoon
dispelled these rumors, however. He
said:
I have come out here to Inspect my many in
terests in California.- I am not going to take
any active interest in the management of the
road, , as ' I have not the time. My present
duties are very heavy and I have not nor will
I have, in the future any -other connection with
the Southern . Pacific Company than what de
volves'upon me as vice president of the com
' r~i > 1 1 lliiiijjjji" Tnfo rfrniTinnrnn mid that he
-•icpeT5Ted~to remain - in \u25a0 California two
months. During that time he would visit
Los Angeles. He explained that vast im
provements were to be made in the elec
tric street car. lines in that City and that
a new .line to San Pedro and a new line
to 'Pasadena, which would include a
branch line to San Gabriel, will be built.
Huntington Denies Report.
With . the appointment , of Kruttschnitt
as .assistant to President Harriman, all
prospects of 'Jerome Fillmore returning to
the . service of * the jj company go a-glim
mering. { , Fillmore recently . left for New
York, and^ it is generally conceded that
he. .went with the avowed purpose of en
deavoring to secure reinstatement.' J. M.
Herbert, however, . has a ' strong, though
freshly formed, friend 'in "Julius Krutt
schnitt. Herbert has" made a splendid
record .the short . time he "has been here,
and. it. is well • known that Kruttschnitt
.will^ask that he remain undisturbed in
his work.' . ,...;-.
appointed his assistant. Fitzhugh paid
a> farewell visit to the, railroad building
yesterday, and said good-by ? to those'few
who had been associated with him during
his short term in the service of the com
pany. : He leaves shortly for the East.
Fitzhugh, 'though V pleasant man, was
never very communicative, and, a sense
of delicacy kept his associates from ask
ing him pointedly what his plans were
for the future.; . • • •*
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 1.— A ~ dispatch
from Extension, B. C. says fire broke
out at the bottom of the level and' was
communicated • across the stope by one
of the curtains and in, half an hour the
whole stope was on fire. Rescue parties
entered the mine and reached- the place
where the miners had been at work, -but
the men had gone, running with the fresh
air instead of against it, in an attempt to
get out by the accustomed' route, thus
meeting death half way. While the res-,
cuers were at work the mine exploded,
blocking them, and explosions occurred
all the afternoon and evening, i When it
was realized that. the men could not be
saved, a strong force started to choke tho
mine, but their work was undone by a
terrific explosion which, blew down the
barricade. At 5 o'clock the fan house
burned. , . .... ..'\u25a0-'. '.
- Here is a corrected list of the dead from
Extension at' 1:30 a. m.;, George South
comb, tlmberman, married, with .- family,
resided at Ladysmith, about 26. years of
age, a native of Australia;- Eugene Grif
fin, timberman, married, family reside '.at
Ladysmith ;\u25a0• Welsh, manager of the Lady
smith Baseball Club; John Patterson,
miner, married, aged 42, resided at LaOy
smith; v James Watson, "miner, aged 60,
married,' family resided at Ladysmitli;
Michael Dolan, miner, . aged 25, married,
with 7 family residing, at Ladysmith, son
of a well-known farmer of Nanaimo dis
trict; William Pollock, miner/aged 27,
single, .resided at' Extension; E...Lynd,
miner, aged SO. ; a Russian Finn, newly
married, resided at Extension; , John Mc-
Callunv miner, married, family- resided
at Extension; J., Blackly, minerrTZr
years of age; single, the stepson of .'-J. 1
McCallum, with whom he resided; E. Ha
zel, miner, e single, a I native of the | Unit
ed-States,: recently came .from Idaho;
Frank MottlEhaw, pusher, single, son of
W. Mottlshaw of ,Five Acre Lots, Na
naimo ; I Charles Noye, pusher, single, re
sided at Ladysmith;' .Archibald -Reevesr
pusher,^ 'married, one '.;'\u25a0: son,' £ resided - at
.Ladysmith; '.J3oyd,' pusher, a native ; of
Nova' Scotia; 1 resided at. Extension; Ham
ilton,", pusher, single, just out from j Scot
land;-; it -was his first day's pushing; re
sided at'* Extension. Antonio Pescettelli;
miner, single," native of Brescia, Italy, re
sided ;af: Extension. ,'- Pescettellliworked
alone .in- number 1 i level. : and: there -was
no, hope; whatever for him.. .; His/escape
was ' immediately . cut 'eff when- the • flre
started, :;- ' - v .
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 30.— Premier
Dunsmuir, president of the Wellington
Colliery Company, has . received the fol
lowing dispatch from ; Alexander 'Bryden,
manager of the Extension mines of that
company, situated near Ladysmith:.
"Fire occurred in No. 2 slope at No. 3
level, which made such headway that In
half an hour it was half way up the
slope, spreading to -the airways and word
ings of both No. 2' and No. 3 mines. I
was obliged to stop both of j the mines
after the two explosions. Have lost some
men; cannot say how many." •, \
Mr. Dunsmuir left by special train this
evening with a staff, of engineers. , *
More Victims Fcund.
James Dunsmuir, the Premier, presi
dent of the Wellington- Coal Company,
which works the mines, has turned his
back upon the reception of the Duke of
Yorke in Victoria' and is now hurrying to
Extension on a special train.
Dunsmuir Starts for Scene.
The next to descend were the man
agers, Robert Bryden, Andrew Bryden
an<i Alexander Fields? this time, as a
rescue party. They! returned dragging
Andrew Bryden to the sur
fact, where, after some time, he recov
ered^. The attempt^at rescue had been
found to \u25a0 be hopeless/..'
Several,; explosions;, occurred in - No. , .3
anulfrom all the" outlets large volumes
from' No. 2 aroee. lOt); feet^lrito 'the air?
There was no water available and /noth
ing could- be, done to subdue the con
flagration except . to close '\u25a0 the mine and*
smother it, a course which has not been
attempted,- as it was feared an explosion
would follow which- would destroy the
mine. Hope for the men below was then
abandoned. The outlook for saving the
property is gloomy and several hundred
men are likely to be thrown out of work.
J. McCALLUM..
TONY (an Italian). - v '\u25a0
WILLIAM BLAKELr.
The fire was started by a curtain be
ing ignited by a pit '.lamp at noon to-day.
Soon the woodwork "was blazing and it
became evident that the" safety of those
In the mines was endangered. As quickly
as possible every' ; man was got out.
Twelve men tihen. entered to fight # the
flames which "were; by this time extend
ing to" No. 3, all. the. stopes being con
nected^ They, never Joame back. Three
others foljewed and Were. not seen again.
' Narrow Escape of Rescuers.
MICHAEL DOLAN. " I.
JAMES WATSON.". \u25a0 'C ;\u25a0.;
F. MOTTISHAW. t
ANTHONY KISTELO.
GEORGE SOUTHCOMBE.
DAVID GRIFFITHS^ ,-.,
ARCHIE REEVES."' '-"V.
CHARLES NOY. % '
EDWARD HAZEL. xL.
NANAIMO, B. C. . Sept! 30.— Fire is
raging through the Extension mines and
in their recesses the bodies of fifteen men
lie beyond hope of . rescue. The names
of the dead,' as far .as .learned at this
time, follow: \u25a0 • - ". : '
Special Dispatch to- the Call.
Casualty Lists Demanded.
The general belief prevails at the War
Department that the three officers of the
company— Captain T. "W. Conaell.. First
Lieutenant E. A. Bumpas and Surffeprt
Griswold, were killed in the engagemerrtr
The opinion was expressed by many of
ficers on duty in "Washington that hn :
they been In command of a compart rf
which suffered such a terrible _ dlssatc \u25a0-.
they would have preferred death- 1>
undergoing an Investigation. An of
ficer's highest duty Is to his men," and t.
he were criminally negligent and a sur
prise occurred as a result of it. tlv-r.
under the articles of war he may be shot.
Officials of the department are not In
clined to pass judgment upon Captain
Connell's conduct until they are acquain:
ed with all the facts.
Officers Probably Perished.
It will, therefore, be necessary for Gen
eral Chaffee to supply General Hughes
with additional troops. These must come
from Luzon if they can be spared. Quiet
prevails in Luzon, but the presence oT
troops is necessary to keep the natives
under control. The "War Department
understands- that there has been recoui
ly an increase of secret societies in Lu
zon, indicating that the Filipinos are still
seditious. Authorities are not dispose!
to send additional troops from the UnStfJ
States, in view of the general intention to
reduce the military force within the next
year. If more men are needed, however.
President Roosevelt will undoubtedly
send them. There will be no hesitation
about It. • '-*<'\u25a0>%
It was pointed out to-day that up to
this time the military in the Philippines
has done nothing to suppress the insur
rection in Samar. It has only garrisonel
strategic points. The Spaniards never
succeeded In establishing order In the in
terior of the island. When in posseVs-oir
they merely devoted themselves to hold
ing ports. -. .
Pres.dent Roosevelt 13 not disposed to
Interfere in the situation until he knows
all about it.' After the "War Department
received the message announcing the fits
aster, a copy was sent to the Wblt'j
House and laid before the President. Tho
information it contained was insufficient
for the guidance of that official, and Act
ing Secretary of "War Sanger cabled to
General Chaffee commending his purpose
to make a thorough Investigation and di
recting him to not only report the result
of i the inquh-j", but */i furnish tho de
partment with ' a full ' description of the
military situation at Samar.
Adjutant General Corbin is generally
acquainted with conditions in Samar by
reason of a visit he paid to that islan.3.
hut he left General Hughes' command
more than a month ago, and he is con
sequently not familiar with the situation
as it exists to-day. There are betwesrt
2000 and 3000 troops in Samar. These ttIH
be sufficient for action at present, but not
for effecting the pacification of the is
land.
More Troops Axe Needed.
President Is Advised.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
"W., "WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— As a re
sult of the. disaster suffered by the Amer
ican troops in Samar, stern measures are
to be immediately Inaugurated for the)
pacification of that Island. "While pub
licly confident that the catastrophe will
not rekindle the Insurrection In Luzon,
there Is no doubt that the authorities
have not failed to give consideration to
this possibility. If m there ever was any
doubt as to President Roosevelt's policy
toward the Philippines, the practical an
nihilation of Company C swept it aside.
To callers, Roosevelt has spoken in no
unmistakable terms of his determination
to pursue the policy of his predecessor
and effect the suppression of the rebellion
in the Philippine archipelago. This decla
ration applies to Samar as well as to
other islands. By reason of the necesj'ry
of taking action which will counterbal
ance the reverse suffered near Balangiga.
immediate military operations will be di
rected to the destruction of all rebel
forces In Samar.-
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
Additional Troops to Be Sent to Join
General Hughes, Who Is Ex
pected to Soon Subdue the
Treacherous Natives.
Belief That the Three Offi
cers of Company 0 Per
ished With Their Men.
Smoke Fills Every Drift and Tunnel
and Hope -Tnat the Unfor
tunates Still Live Is "
\u25a0 Abandoned.
Workmen Sent In *to Com
bat Conflagration Pail
to Return. .
President Roosevelt 'Will
Endeavor to ftot Down
Insurrection.
Flames in Possession of
a Colliery Near
Nanaimo.
Issues Formal Announcement to That Effect
and Appoints Julius Kruttschnitt as
His Assistant*
School Children Welcome Duke and Duchess of Cornwall With
fll Patriotic Songs, and Indian Chiefs and Leading Tribes-'
v nien Pay Their Respects to Royal Visitors*
FIRE-SWEPT
MINE HOLDS
FIFTEEN MEN
MOST STERN
MEASURES TD
PACIFY SAMAR
VANCOUVER TAKES A HOLIDAY
AND GIVES JOYOUS GREETING
TO BRITAIN'S HEIR-APPARENT
HARRIMAN ASSUMES
PRESIDENCY OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
The San Francisco Call
|JE XC-NO. 123.
SAN FRANCISCO^ TUESlSfY, OCTOBER 1, 1901.
PBICE FIVE CENTS.Yacht Eagle Wins the Race.
LONG BEACH. Sept. 30.— The ; second
of the 'series of races under, the 'auspices
of the. Terminal Boat Club took place here
y-esterday. ' Eight yachts participated,- the
Monday, - September SO.
£tmr Bonita. Nopander. •
Sttnr Ean Pedro,- Jahnsen. • •<
.'\u25a0• Schr . Newark. Craneie. '-»**.
OCEAN STEAMERS.'-V
- BOULOG NE 6UR— Arrived Sept »-Eriar
Potsdam, from New York for Rotterdam, and
proc**fle<J. \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0=-•, . ,i
• LONDON— Arrived S*pt 30— Stmr MlnnehaTa.
from New York. - - - - \u25a0\u25a0.. •-...•\u25a0 . \
NEW rORK— Arrived Sept = 30— Stmr - illnnc-
Urcllt. Irem London. ggaCHBfeitt»
5&TE . SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
\" SAILED. • . -T t
Count Greppi.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Sept. 30.— Count
ireppi, the Italian Minister, died to-day.
PETALUMA, Sept. 30.— Charles Humph
reyF, former City and County Assessor
dieci here to-day, aged 70 years,. \ He came
to California in the early 50s.
Charles Humphreys.
Aberdeen Cup Awarded to Yokowan.
MADISON. S. D.. Sept. 30.— The Aber
deen cup. the grand. prize of:4he Interna
tional Coursing club meet, was awarded
to McKeon'S Yokowan of Sioux 'Falls.
McKeon's. Alice Gray and- Wlriegarr*
Loki tied for eeeond place iand: divided
the second and third money..
New York 5 7 ' 2
Batteries— E. Murphy and Nichols, Jones and
Warner. Umpire — Dwyer. i • •
PITTSBURG. Sept. 30.— It would seem that
the reaction after the strain incident to win
ning the • pennant has taken all the snap
out of the Pittsburgr team. It has made but
three runs in the last three games.' Tenny's
error was responsible for the run to-day. Wil
lis had the home team at his mercy and wa?
entitled to a shut-out. Attendance, 1500. Score:
- R. H. E.
Pittsburg '. ...1. 6 5
Boston 5 9 -2
Batteries— Poole, Doheny. Yeager and \u25a0 Zim
mer; Willis and Doran. \u25a0 Umpire— Emslie.
CINCINNATI.* Sept. 30.— Philadelphia won to
day's double-header by superior playing. Hels
man," a local amateur, pitched great ball in the
second but was poorly supported. The second'
game was called in the eighth on account of
darkness. Attendance, 1200. Score:
First game— ; R. H.. E.
Cincinnati .....29 3
Philadelphia .V : . . . .10 - \u25a0:\u25a0_ 15 . >3
Batteries— Sudhoft and Bergen, Orth and
Jacklltch. Umpires — Nash and Brown. "• ' .*•
Second game— ' R. H. . E.
Cincinnati 1 -•-."• 7 4
Philadelphia 2 7 i
\u25a0 Batteries — Heisman and Peitz ; Hurley. White
and McFarland. Umpires— Nash and Brown..
BOSTON, Sept. 30.— The ., Boston - and
Chicago American League teams played
a players" benefit exhibition game to-day.
Both sides ' presented \u25a0 patched-up teams
and the game was uninteresting. Score:
Boston 7, Chicago 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 30.— gt. . Louis closed the
local season to-day by taking a double-header
from New York. ,Smith, New York's second
baseman, pitched the first game against Joyce.
St. \u25a0 Louis won by . pounding him • for six run*
in the eighth inning. Right-fielder \u25a0 Jones was
put in the box for the second game; being op
posed by Murphy. The game lasted six innings,
St. Louis winning. Score:
First game — R.- . H. E.
St. Louis 12 21 • 5
New^STork .4" 6 3
Batteries— Joyce and Heydon, Smith and
Warner.. Umpire— Dwyer. ,
Second game— , • \u25a0 R. H. " B.
St. Louis 6 7 2
Members Have Not Shown Any Snap
or Life Since Winning the
Pennant.
NATIONAL Lfi AGUE. -
PITTSBTJUG TEAM PLAYS
RATHEH CAHELESS BALL
SAN JOSE, Sept. 3O.-Mrs. Lucy Cal
lisch. a society leader of this city, died
last evening. She was the wife of Louis
Callisch. the druggist. She was a native
of Kentucky and 45 years, of age. Mrs.
Callisch was one of the organizers of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society, sixteen years
ago, and had been a director ever since.
She was vice president at the time of her
death. V
Mrs. Lucy Callisch.
Hereafter all delegates from Washing
ton and Oregon are to band together and
work unitedly to bring any given con
vention to that city which Is best pro
pared to accommodate it. . It is pointed
out, for instance, that at the recent con
clave of Knights Templar in Louisville
San Francisco was the only city bidding
for next year's convention. It is believed
that many . conventions heretofore, going
to California cities can be brought to To
coma. Seattle or Portland.
Hotel men of the three cities are among
the prime movers In the new project. \u25a0
TACOM A, Sept. ,30.— Business men of
Tacoma. Seattle and Portland, are taking
steps to form an organization that will
endeavor to bring as many national con
ventions as possible to the cities of the
Pacific northwest. One of the citios
named has frequently been a candidate
for such gatherings as the National Edu
cational Association, the National Edi
torial Association and large meetings of
religious denominations. On numerous
occasions efforts along this line have
been unsuccessful, because the cities of
the Northwest did .not present a united
front. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
John S. Patterson. E. ,D. ilelvin and
George C. Rouse have been appointed a
committee by Golden Gate Camp of the
Woodmen of the World to" arrange an en- '
tertainment and dance to be given in Na
uve Sons' Hall on the night of the 10th
-^SL-Cctober. In addition to an interesting
vocal and instrumental programme- Neigh
bor J. J. Lerman will deliver an enter
taining lecture on the Yosemite Valley, il
lustrated with ftereopticon views. Neigh
bor. Lerman. who is secretary of the
Yosemite Commission, has ' frequently
visited the valley and being a first-class
photographer lias taken many views. A
dance will follow the entertainment
California Camp, the lively camp of the ''
Jurisdiction, on th« night of the 23d inst
increased its membership by the admis
sion of seven stranjrers, who were in
v ducted into the mysteries of the order bv
the officers of the camp, under the lead
ership of Past Consul Commander Dr M
B. Ectes. In a most impressive manner'
PHb*^ea-jeatly the initiates were made ac
quainted with the California special de
gree. which is a most striking one and is
one that can be seen and appreciated onlv
by neighbors of Woodcraft and. the can
dilates. XTpon the latter it produces a
most remarkable impression. The team
that gives the special degree, which has
for its guiding spirit "Prince" Laurance
Vlncerft. Is arranging to introduce a num
nerof new features. This camp installed
a bsiiker. two managers and a. sentry to
fill the unexpired terms of officers whose
nusincFS prevented them from attending
c*tnp meetings on Monday nights.- \u25a0\u25a0
North End Camp No. 646 has made ar
rangements for an entertainment and
dance to be gi» r «i in Apollo Hall. S10 Pa
cific street, on the night of October 3.
Special Organizer R. F. -Wells has insti
tuted another camp, this one at Spring
Valley, which has been called Spring Val
]€.' and commences business with twenty
two • members. - J. D. Baker is the consul
commander and William -Thompson the
clerk.
The Camps of Woodmen.
Up- Coast Cities Hope to
Capture Big Con
ventions.
Dcbbs and Miller Fight a Draw.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 30.— Bobby Dobbs,'
the colored lightweight of Minneapolis,
and Herman Miller of Baltimore fought
twenty rounds to a draw before the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club to-night.
Miller received heavy punishment.
The . signing of the peace protocol by
China is looked upon as the beginning of
a new era of prosperity and of a revival
of business conditions in the Far East. '
China is deemed to have gotten off on
very easy conditions. The long time given
for the payment of the indemnity makes
the pecuniary burden a very light one.
The result, however, is entirely in accord
with Japanese feeling.
The reception of the embassy bearing
an apology for the murder of Sugiyamato
took place yesterday and was in marked
contrast to the similar mission to Ger
many. While the Emperor's reply was
entirely dignified and adequate, there was
in It none of the sternness of s the one
which the German Kaiser used. While,
perhaps, this may be attributed in great
measure to the forms oj politeness, it was
aleo another evidence of the desired
affiliation of the two Oriental govern
ments for protection against Western
encroachments. ...
YOKOHAMA,' Sept. 14; via Victoria, B.
C, Sept. 20.— The dispatch announcing the
attempt on the life of President McK-inley
reached here early on Sunday morning,
creating intense excitement and sorrow,
not only irt the American community but
among the entire Japanese nation. - News
papers and public bodies have been mogt
sincere in their expressions of- sympathy.
Almost precisely coincident witn the
attack has been tne sentence pronounced
upon the assassin of Hoshi Torn, con
oemning him to life imprisonment. »• .
The health of Marquis Ito has of late
been the cause of much solicitude On the
part of h's friends, who have finally pre
vailed upon him to take a sea voyage, and
he will soon leave for America. As he has
long been the most prominent figure in
Japanese politics, his absence will bring
about a decided change in party move
ments and possibly become the occasion
for an entirely new alignment. As it is
impossible to distinguish any issues
dividing Japanese political parties, how
ever, the formation of a new set is of the
smallest consequence. The Marquis sails
for Seattle by the Kaga Maru on the ISth
instant.
President Powers requests an early re
ply as to the attitude of each club on the
matters as presented.. .
It is not the purpose of this letter to criti
cise the action of the National League in this
matter, but simply to acquaint you .with the
fact that In consequence of .the -National
League's abrogation of the national agreement,
which for so many years has ' been considered
the bulwark of professional baseball, the fol
lowing leagues of professional baseball clubs
have banded together for mutual protection and
organized an entirely independent association.
The membership of this new organization is
composed of eleven leagues, representing the
Western League, the Eastern League, the
Western Association, the Indiana-Iowa-Iln
nois League, the New York State League, the
Connecticut State LeagueT-the New England
League, the Southern League, the Virginia-
North Carolina League, the Pacific Northwest
League and the California State League, em
ploying in all at least 1000 professional play-
While it is to be regretted that a baseball
war now exists between the National and
American leagues, . yet the minor leagues are
in no way parties to it or responsible for it.
and as the minor leagues desire to remain neu
tral we respectfully appeal to and rtquest that
the individual members of each of the Ameri
can and National leagues express their willing
ness as Individual clubs to respect the reserves
and contract rights of the minor league clubs
with their players, the minor league' clubs,
members of the National Association of Profes
sional Baseball . Leagues, to reciprocate by re
specting the re&erve and contract rights of the
club members of the National and American
leagues with their players, or such- individual
clubs of their' two leagues as may be willing
to Join with us in this reciprocity arrangement.
I am prompted to make this proposition with
the hope that a sufficient number/ if not all of
the individual club members of the two war
ring National and American leagues will co
operate with the NatlonaJ Association' of Pro
fessional Baseball Leagues on these Important
and essential points.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— President P; X
Powers of the 'Eastern Baseball ,, League
cave out a statement to-day that \u25a0 in -con
sequence- of the National Leagues abro
gation of the national agreement. all ( the
professional baseball clubs in the United.
titate3 and Canada, excepting the sixteen
club members in the National and Amert;
can leagues, have banded togetner ioj
mutual protection, and organized, an
mdependent association Vr^f^FTole"/
of the National Association of .Protea
sional Baseball Leagues, of which Powerp
rjresident of \u25a0\u25a0'each, club member. vo£v . the
them to co-operate with the new^assocr-j
ation in respecting the reserve and- con
tract rights of the clubs and players.
President Powers says: >• < . - ;.
Friends of Marquis Ito
Induce Him to Visit
This Country.
Minor Leagues Organize
for Their Mutual
• Protection, p ; ; i
Harthorne Wins the Kentucky StocI^
Farm Futurity for Trotting
Foals of '98. . •
TERRE HATJTE, Ind.. Sept. 30.-Tha
race meeting that will brln^ the Grand
Circuit to a closa opened here to-day.
Summary:
2:20 pace. JlOOO-Nathan Strauss won
fourth, fifth and sixth heats. Best time.
2:09%. Miss Marks won seconf ?--»<• third
heats. Best time, 2:10>i. TK* Gazar iron
first heat in 2:10. Barori Waltzer, Juniui
Tommy Me, P gwa. Home Circle. Gecrg
Castle and Bennett also started. \u25a0 .
2:28 trot, purse $1500— Lulu ryotr firs
third and fourth heats. Best time, 2:11»
Henrietta won second heat in 2:12'i. Mir
A, Porto Rico and Lily Sligo also start'
Kentucky Stock Farm Futurity, tr<f
ting division, foal3 of 1S33, SSOOOr-Har
home won e^rfpd, *t!r(* s-xi "v. -, • . l^at
r«?st thr.p, 2:li>i. • 'dary P. Leyt \ we:
lirsfheat. Time. I?: 16. II?: le v«ertO5
Malf-n tn^ UavLs^. ••_»••» «Ar!r. ._, \u25a0 ..^
2XC f.aee, pUTJAkOSCO (; njiufl>.;-f>-yffaT
oM II w-ifi bc> U V Wts, *. \u25a0* ffr?< 3^«
Eutncot "»V, F.iley I \u25a0 . ... v--,;1T£
AJr--.:ibl, Ma;urM>- ;
Ma-:u Marshall >... i*£jk \u25a0\u25a0 -at
£tt.rti-. . _ /»,.-.
Eaglish CLIcietsn V/i u »*
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 1 I— TL S «p \u25a0 rj
match between the !!• ?t .- \u25a0 iia i^H
and Bosanquets E^,!ish eH"«-n pde > '"^»
day in a victory foa \u25a0\u25a0 Erfiial- .- ten jf^K
won by a margin t v um JKmZ£$
GRAND CIRCUIT MEETHTQ A
IS DRAWING TO A C1OSI3
DIES WHILE
MOTHER PRAYS
Seven- Year-Old Girl Suf
fers Great Agony
From Burns.
LUND,- Utah, Sept. SO.— Yesterday
morning- while • the 7-year-old daughter
of Davis of Quitchapa, Utah, was
trying to-make a cup of coffee on the
kitchen. stove her dress caught fire. Her
little " brother, -vainly . endeavoring > to
quench "the flames, ran to the barn- for
his/mother. When the mother reached
the/ house the little girl's clothes had all
been burned from her body, and the
flesh burnt in . a terrible manner. The
child asked her mother to pray for
death, and while the mother prayed the
little one died in great agony.
Will be the last days upon which Pan-Ameri
can Kxcursion tickets to Buffalo will be sold
JS7 for the round trip. Full particulars at 641
Market St.. office of the Santa Fe.
October 3rd and 4th
American Foresters.
Court Golden State.' having decided to
consolidate with Court Inter Nos, gave a
farewell • entertainment on '• September 25
in< the Alcazar building.
»<iThe court at Summerville gave*a ball on
the»24th ofVSeptember atwhich there w«»re
present members of all the courts in Con
tra "Cos fa County.
\Court United States of America will
.celebrate Its eleventh anniversary on the
29th of 'November. ,; '. . .
-The; officers: and: members of Court San
Francisco- \u25a0were entertained" on the 2Gth
of September by Court. iShell Mound in
recognition of services -rendered by the
team :Of* the visiting- court in the con
ferring^if degrees. _\u25a0 1 . v .. . i
The. paraphernalia that will be used in
the^ new ritual will be furnished to all
courts .without- cost by \u25a0 the Supteme
Court-. "'\u25a0"\u25a0 v: :- '- T- *- . . V ---- |
' Court. Mad rone" of Redwood ' City cele
brated <the:fourth. anniversary of it* ln
stitutioji 'on i.-thej.- 24th \u25a0 of / September by
moving intqvits new hall and having an
entertainment : suitable i. to the occasion.
The; hall- was* dedicated .with appropriate
ceremonies, by.' Grand Secretary Con y.
D«nan<VY;> - wiH~gIve- p. . cc mpli
'menraryrbairhvG-.ildenGate Hall oi the
23d ofipctober. -'.'.£*- \u25a0">.:'\u25a0"-• f?
Court; Marguerita will have a rranl
time at 'Black Diamond on the night of
'the 13th 't of. October. All the courts of
Contra Costa County have been invited to
take part.,- ... :
Remarkable Rifle Record.
.. L.QS..ANGELES, Sept.^30 c -T.^B.vThom
as Company D, National Guard of~rja\Pf
ifornia, \u25a0 of Pomona, has made' the' re-'
markable rifle record of 73 out of a pos
sible 75 points at 200, 300 and 500 yards.
This, it is claimed, stands as the record
for the National Guard of the country.
Higher.Tax on Pugilism.
LOS ANGELES, \u25a0 Sept. 30.— The 1 City
Council this afternoon adopted an amend
ment to the license ordinance increasing
the tax on boxing exhibitions from $3 to
$100.
King won, Boundlee second. Lady Sterling
third. Time. 1:09. . .
' Third race, about six furlongs— McAddle won,
Paul Clifford second, Autolight third. Time,
1:12. • \u25a0 . . . \u25a0
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth — The
Rhymer won. Herbert second. Terminus third.
Time, 1:56 2-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Batyah won. Hint
bed, second. Octoroon third. Time, 1:03 2-5.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— Alpen won,
Astor second, .Bobs third. Time, 1:53 1-5.
'CHICAGO, Sept. 30.— Hawthorne results:-
First race, about six furlongs— Emma R won,
Segurance'"* second, Irish Jewel third. Time,
1:11%. ' *
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Hargls
won, Gallantrie second, Coacoa third. Time,
:53 2-5. :
Third race, six' furlongs— Sharp Birdxwon.
Banco second. Rival Dare third. Time, 1:13 2-5.
Fourth race. Oak Park handicap; one mile and
an eighth— Silurian won, Six Shooter second,
Leo Newell third. Time. : 1:52 2-5. • • ' • \u25a0 ••'
— gllt-h_ j,t«^^iono mflfci. <>u-Mar<»M.woa. Rollins
Boer second.-- Orontas third. - Time,- 1:39 3-5. \u25a0
Sixth race, one mile— Alfred C won, Capta'in
Hamm second, Evelyn Byrd third. Time, 1:41,
Seventh race, one mile— Canova won. El Gho»
second, J. H. Barnes third. Time. 1:41 2-5. j
1:12 4-5.
Second race, five and a half fnrlongs— "Whisky
1:42.
NEW* YORK, Sept. 30.— At Gravesend to-day
the "no recall" system of starting drew forth
many words of complaint. Results: •p»
First race, about" six furlongs^-Trump won.
Slipthrift second, Arrah Gowan third. Time,
SILURIAN' EASILY WINS
> THE OAK PABK HANDICAP
The "No Recall" System of Starting
Draws Forth. Many Complaints
at Gravesend.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 30.— Fair Grounds results:
" v^lrst race, five furlongs, selling— Little Hln
u o won, Jigger second, Mazzara third. Time,
1:02.
Second race, one mile, gelling — Joe Dousrhty
won/ Marcy second, Janowood third. 'Time,
l:«Vi.
Third race, six furlones— Verify .won. Lord
Neville second. Nearest third. Time, 1:15«4-
Fourth race, one mile — Prior won. Prosper La
Gal second, Zonne third. Time, ; 1:42%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs-~Lady Strathmore
won. Peaceful second, "Wax Taper third. Time,
1:27%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Marion Lynch
\u25a0won. South Breeze second, Leon third. Time,
: NEW YORK, Sept,,, 30.— Since the Sham
rock came so near wresting the -victory
from the' Columbia jc>n Saturday. the bet
ting odds have. dropped from 3 to 1 to 2
to 1. There is not much Shamrock money
in sight.- Still there are a few men to be
found here who are willing to venture a
little money on: the Shamrock if the odds
offered are large enough. Hamburg
Smyth has bet- 51000 against $600 that the
Columbia will 'win the next two race~,
and he has $1000 more to put up at the
same odds. ,-'..-.
Money in Sight.
But There Is Not Much. Shamrock
BETTING, ODDS ARE DECREASED
Esperanza and Foster falling out after
sailing half the -distance. The Eagle, the,
San Diego boat, 'won the- first prize on 1
time allowance. , The pourse was from off
the' end of Terminal; wharf to the bell
buoy, thence around a stakeboat anchored
opposite Long rBeach : wharf and back, the
distance being eleven miles. There was a
spanking breeze from' the south, shifting
after the start to west by south. 4
' E. D. Morgan and Herbert .Leeds of
the Columbia visited Sir. Thomas Lipton
on board the Erin during? the; afternoon.
Morgan expressed a desire for a strong
breeze,- so that there might be v no ques
tion about the best boat in the race and
also to avoid a postponement.
A rattling wind, without too much sea,
were the conditions on the course to-day
while the two great yachts lay at anchor
in the Horseshoe at Sandy Hook. It was
such a day as made the sailors on both
the challenger and defender -envious. Sir
Thomas Lipton: called:, it Shamrock
weather and said that with such a clink-
Morgan Visits Lipton.
Manager '' Davison and Designer Wat-^
son cameto the city early, and remained:
all day. Sir Thomas Lipton, when asked
what weather . he -would like*.said: " "v ;
"Give us a good' "scupper 1 , breeze from
the northwest and -I am sure the Sham
rock will' win. . She is very fast on the.
reach. and in smooth or. a rough sea she
will do well." * ' •: :. " . : • ;
Mr. Herbert, Lloyd's surveyor, who
went down to Sandy Hook from' this city,;
declared to-day that the actual, damage
done .to Sir Thomas L/iptbn's steam yacht
Erin ; in its collision Saturday with .the
Gresham was slight. "A plate will have
to be replaced," said he, "and -perhaps
one beam put in. Then -- there isr some
joiner work to be ' repaired. The yacht
was not in danger from the- injury at
any time." -vr^fir * •' " .
Desires ' a " Scupper" "Breeze.
BASEBALL CLUBS
BAND TOGETHER
It was "wash day" on board the Co
lumbia and soon after daylight every
man of the crew went to work scrubbing
his white working suit in which he will
appear to-morrow. After breakfast the
clew of the mainsail was brought in oii
deck. Sailmakers and riggers went to
work at -it, making some slight altera
tions and fixing a portion of the iron
work about the boom. ; f.
It is said the Shamrock is to have, a
new mainsail and jib for to-morrow's
race, but no move was made during the
day to change these sails. Some jibs
were hoisted and stretched and some
wire rigging was placed and served. Cap
tain Sycamore and Sailmaker Ra.sey
were in frequent conferences during the
day and boUi agreed that a good strong
breeze from the northwest or southwest
witn smooth water Is what the Shamrock
w«nts for the triangular course.
Hook, were kept busy most of
the day overhauling standing and run
ning gear and sails. They were getting
the big racing craft in the best possible
trim for what all believe will • be, the
greatest test of their sailing qualities—
the thirty-mile contest over a triangular
course. .
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— The- crews
of the yachts Columbia and
Shamrock XI, as- the racers lay
at their moorings Inside Sandy
ing breeze - to-morrow \u25a0 he ~w6uld surely
move the cupa little. On board the-Co
lujnb.ia^there.was no boasting, but a..com
fortable degree of confidence and a cer
tainty that if the defender wins to-mor
row there will be nothing in it but three
straight.- • ".'" -' \u25a0
Betting to-day, showed the effect of
Saturday's wonderful contest. The talk
of long odds- was silenced and 2 to 1 on
the' Columbia seems to have been the
best recorded on the general result, while
on -to-morrow's, race these odds were
Shaded down,- in one instance to 6 to "5.
As a matter of fact, however, the actual
bets recorded are at such varying figures
as to odds that no regular quotation can
be given as a \u25a0 standard.
LOS- ANGELES, Sept S0.-The harne£
\u25a0 races at Agricultural Park this afternoia
were quite uninteresting. The. 2:24 p*:»
dwindled from aon original entry list/of
eleven to two starters. Midnight Ind
Chief, it was an easy thing for Midniiht.
in straight heats. '
The 2.23 trot -was won by McKenn* with
out much effort after the first heat, wjiich
went to Almonada. McKenna tookjtho
n ® xt three heats and the race. Ho Yovr,
me Chinese Consul, came down to sea his
mare. Solo, s*o. She showed lack of con
dition, hovever. and third money was ths
best sh<» could g-et. ! <\u25a0
ltl »V Cal dwin's horses were in evidence
iUJ \u2666u rmmln S events. Reina de Cuba tak
i£f« i foiST and a nalf furlongs selling
£»f££ nd Escalante and El Chihuahua nn
lt*u£ f ne> two in tne Jonathan Club
m 2 ->' e? »r-olds. Castake won the
m ,^ Q gelling, leading all the way. and
Clarando showed the way to the wire in
SuVmary?"" Weather nne ' track sood.
2:25 race, purse $ron three »n fiva
Time— 2:2i, 2;:6.'V:'£ll"" '.*"
2:23 trot, purse fW* three in ftve.
M f»- en 5f*- by MeKinney-Ett* V.'ilk*.
(Ward) 3 i t -t
Cornelius <Maben> " 2 i i i
Solo (Gunchi 3 4 « t
Almonada (De Lancy) .„ '" i \ T i
Rozell (Baker) 5 a
Bunkey K (Cody) d
Time— 2:19, 2:1SY a * 2:19," 2\ 19."
Four and a half furlongs, selling— r etna, dp
Cuba, 113 (Ransom). 5 to l and 2 f ' wnn
Black Orphan, 1C9 (Matthews). 8 to j 8 ' '•> to 1
second; Howard, 119 (Govtat Z>\ to "thir.i
Time. :57%. Finesse. Tecklatx. S.b= •. mT,
Dividend, Rio Colorado, Glencoe, I up n Vstho
and George F. Smith also ran.
Five furlongs, Jonathan Club stak^ -Esm
lante. 115 (Ransom), 1 to 3, won; El C}- : ahr
115 (Matthews). 1 to 3. second; Porous I
(Ransch). 2V£ to 1. third. Time. 1 03 <; Pgi
lante and El Chihuahuah coupled in be"t- r Sot*
and. Torso Maid also ran. '""' \u25a0
One mile. Felling— Castak*. m C&snexoi $ to
». won; Alicia. Ill (Ransch). 3 to 3. w-imd-'
Kastaine, 114 (Matthews), 12 to 1, third, limelk
1:41. Crutch and Grady also ran. a
«FlT? and - a half 'WlongV sellta?- Ctarir.<1oJ
114 (Ruiz). 6 to 3. won: Mike Ric-. l.» CKamefeXl
6 to 5. second; Fine Shot. 114 (BurtirKame). SI
to 1, third. Time, 1:09. Tuca, El Rey. Flander*.
George Gordon and Agnastacla also" ran.
Cooper made a brief call on Secretary
Hitchcock to-day. I He will present his re
port as acting Governor and confer \u25a0with
Secretary. Hitchcock on conditions in and
extensive needs of the Territory very
soon. His report makes a number of im
portant recommendations, including one
looking to the solution of the labor prob
lem, in . which employment of la-borers
from other countries has been so impor
tant a factor,
D. Kalauokalani Jr. to-day submitted to
the Interior Department resolutions
adopted by the Home Rule Republican
party of Hawaii, which, after referring
to reports that Governor Dole is incapaci
tated for duty by reason of ill-health, in
dorses Robert W. Wllcox, Delegate in
Congress from Hawaii, for Governor.
Just before Cooper left for this country
Governor Dole returned to his duties after
an absence of six \u25a0weeks. " He .then ap
peared to be in perfect health.
WASHINGTON, Sept. SO.— Henry E.
Cooper,- Secretary of Hawaii, arrived to
day and denied the report that he "was
bearing the resignation of Governor Dole
to the President. Cooper said that so far
as he knew Governor Dole not only has
not resigned but has no intention of re
signing. To him the Governor had not
even mentioned or intimated that he had
any such purpose in view.
UNITE AGAINST
SAN FRANCISCO
Major Hawkes produced -a paper con
taining this lisU saying he saw-Heistand
write" the names. Colonel Heistand ,,m T
spected the paper and said he thought it
was his writing, but where or when he
wrote the names he had no recollection.
Members of the committee brought out
the fact that Boyd, Meiklejohn, Allen,
Corbin and. Jackson were not present at
the meeting. Some discussion arose as to
•a cablegram from General Otis contained
in a letter. Heistand wrote to Hawkes
regarding a site for a hemp factory in
the Philippines. The committee wanted
to know who sent the cablegram to Gen
eral Otis which called for his reply.
Colone! Heistand- said he sent -it as a
personal message.
The letters which were read to-day were
copies which Hawkes had retained.
Heistand acknowledged most of them,
saying that so far as he could recollect he
had written them. The committee ad
mitted them, subject to changes which the
originals might show. These originals are
in Heistand's possession and he was asked
by the committee to produce them and he
promised to do so.
The investigation will be resumed to
morrow mornins.
At the afternoon session Majjr Hawkes
was sworn and testified to the statements
heretofore made in the Senate - which
caused the investigation. He went into
details and read copies of letters which
Heistand had written to him. The most
important development during the day
was Major Hawkes' testimony regarding
the first meeting : of some of .those who
were projectors 6f< the proposed Manila
Rope Company, which was held in Dud
ley & Michener's law office, in this city
in the summer of 1899. Those present,
besides the attorneys, were Colonel Hei
stand*and W. E. Wharton. In answer to
an inquiry as to who were in the company.
Colonel Heistand wrote the following list
of names: William W. Dudley, Lewis T.
Michener. E. L. Hawkes. James E. Boyd,
George D. Meiklejohn. Charles H. Allen
and H. O. S. Heistand, H. C. Corbin and
Lewis B. Jackson.
In his reply Colonel Heistand says he
was identified with the proposed company
and considered - his connection with It
legitimate and honest. Some time prior
to the making of the charges Colonel Heis
tand says he ceased all negotiations with
Major Hawkes, effecting a settlement in
full with him. Major Hawkes delivered
to him all papers in the case and took a
receipt for tham. Subsequently Colonel
Heistand received a letter from Major
Hawkes, in which the latter said he had
retained certified copies of all the letters
and papers in the case and had photo
graphs of the most important documents.
Among the papers sent by the War De
partment were those relating to the ap
pointment of Major Hawkes to the army
and as an officer in the Philippine cus
toms service and his discharge from that
place.
Formation of Company.
Reply of Heistand.
The committee decided : that the pro
ceedings | should be public, th'at course
being regarded as best for all concerned.
In brief the charges against Colonel
Heistand .are .that -he, Jin connection with
other officers in the army, and some offi
cials in the civil departments of the Gov
ernment, attempted to form a combina
tion to control the output of hemp from
the Philippines, using their official po
sitions and influence to further their
fnds. Major Hawkes preferred the
charges to the Secretary of War iand
also to the Senate Committee on Military
Affairs. They were denied by those
against whom the allegations were made.
Alter some consideration the Senate by
lesolution authorized the investigation.
-At the opening of the . inquiry several
important documents from the War De
partment were submitted to the commit
tee, including a copy of the charges made
against Colonel Heistand and his reply to
them.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— The Senate
tub-committee of the Committee on Mil
itary Affairs, consisting of Senators Haw
ley (chairman). Proctor, Burrows, Cock
rell and Harris, at 11 o'clock to-day be
gan the investigation of charges against
Lieutenant Colonel H. O. S." Heistand of
the army In connection with the alleged
Manila hemp combination. "
; The charges were preferred by Major
E. J. Hawkes, formerly a volunteer offi
cer, and were .deemed of sufficient "seri
ousness to warrant ah Investigation by
the ' Senate. ,
i Colonel Heistand was present to-day at
the opening of the inquiry in company
with his attorney, . Charles - W. Neednam.
CROSSES OCEAN
FOR HIS HEALTH
The news spread over Bulgaria like a
flash, for Miss Stone was widely known
and greatly beloved. ' •
A part of the brigands Kept watch on
those s hat remained, to keep them from
hurrying to inform the Government, but
next* morning let them go. The brigands
murdered one of the men of the party
before the eyes of the captives to get his
horse. They took this animal, as well as
the horses ridden by Miss Stone and M;s.
Tt-ilka. The students came to Samokcvv
er.d wired Dr. House at Salonika, Miss
Stone's station. He at once went to 'he
American Consul and also telegraphed
Consul General Dickinson, who knew
Miss Stone.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 30.-A detailed
account of the capture of Miss Ellen M.
Stone, a missionary in Turkey; has be en
received in a letter from Miss H. Haskell
of Samova. Bulgaria, to a relative he-e.
Her letter says Miss Stone had been hold-
Jnjf her usual summer- school for .fcJiDie
\u25a0workers in Bansko, Macedonia. On bep
teraber 3 a party con»;sting of six stu
dents from the collegiate Institute nt
Samokov, three or four Bulgarian teach
ers Mr and Mrs. Tsilka— who had spent
several years in America— Mrs. Oosnera
and Miss' Stone started for Djuma, twelve
hours' travel. From there they , were to
go to their different homes.
At about half past 4 that afternoon as
they were resting in the mountains. Miss
Stone and Mrs. Tsilka being on horse
back and the rest on foot, they were sur
rounded by thirty or forty armed mon.
The men 'were dressed in Turkish cos
tume but were either masked or black
ened. They ordered the party to marca
and drove "them up the steep mountain
side. Miss Stone told the boys they were
taking thtm away from the road to rob
and perhaps kill them. She did not speak
of capture, as it ij= almost unheard of Tor
brigands to take women. After going an
hour's distance the brigands stopped an-1
demanded their money. They took what
gold the party had but returned the sil
ver. When this was over some of them
said to Miss Stone. "We want you," and
ordered her and Mrs. Tsilka to go with
them.. She made no^remonstrance. Mr.
Tsilka made a move to follow his wife,
but they forced him back.
\u25a0^^^ T EW YORK, Sept. 30 —Every one is rrhistlingr for ; a. f ayoring ;wlnd when the Columbia and
I B Shamrock II meet' to-morrow In tlie second race for the America's cap.. Interest Is tuned to
A tlie h *she»t pitVMi as a result of the grand contest of Saturday; confidence is supreme on
l»oerd the Erin and the Shamrock, as it is with American yachtsmen. The course Is to he
. triangular, ten 'miles to a legrj'a. beat to .vrlnd-rrard and.tn-o reaches, .or" a run and ,a reach;
this, however, depending 1 upon the wind: «;The Vtart; may .be about lls3O o'clock^ - : \u25a0\u25a0>
The official forecast.for'Sandy. Hook from Washington is as followu ; ' ' , " ' ""•*\u25a0'•
' "The winds Trill be light to fresh northerly in the morning, but they probably will decrease
toward noon and become variable light." :\u25a0 ,.'\u25a0'.'/'- '.' . :': . ' * i, '-- .- . . • • ,,' : ' -.,"\u25a0!' .-.\u25a0.. ' • . . -.">
Midnight and a EttavM
Win Harness Events in
Los Angeles.
Resolutions of Hawaii's Home
Rule Party Presented to In
terior Department.
Murder a Captive Before
Riding Off With the
Women Prisoners.
Lieutenant Colonel Is Accused
by Majoj Hawkes of Form
ing Combination. .
UNCERTAIN WINDS FOR TO-DAY'S RACE
Secretary Cooper So De
clares Upon Reach
ing Washington.
Finish One-TwKl
Jonathan CB
Stakes, fj
Details of the Capture
of Miss Stone and
Her Friends.
Senate Committee Meets
to Hear the Charges,
Against Heistand. \
BRIGANDS KILL
ONE OF THE MEN
BALDWIN H
IN THE R
GOVERNOR DOLE
NOT TO RESIGN
SOUGHT CONTROL
OF HEMP OUTPUT
COLUMBIA AND SHAMROCK READY
FOR THE SECOND RAGE FOR CUP
To-Day die Contest Will Be Over the Thirty-Mile Triangular Course
and All Interested Are Whistling for a Lively Breeze.
THE SAN I7Ut:jCISCPi CALL, /TUESDAY^' OCTOBER 1; 190i;«
2
iTHE DAY'S DEAD.
To'Cure a Cold in JOne 'Day-
Take Laxative- Bromo Quinine Tablets. "'All
rtrur^ists. refund the money if it fails to cure
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. •
IBHHBaE^BBHHHHaiHaHEmiHBIBHBBBBHBilHHlMBflBBBIHBIBEiaHfiBB^
I == -^8
\u25a0 : : . — - s } :.**i
\u25a0 ; \u25a0 ; \u25a0 : . - v . I '-b
• 1 : ~ B
: . \u25a0 £
\ z . I
\u25a0 = . . , ' . ....... > . \u25a0 . - I -— , \u25a0
izizi \u25a0• : " - \u25a0 ~ '--*'".\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 - * \u25a0 zmn .- .«
S •• : " •" '" • '" — r^".";- \u25a0 ' i = - = • ;; \u25a0 i
- \u25a0 \u25a0 • * \u25a0 ; : — — — — — — \u25a0 — — " : ' '..-'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 r ' "• : : — : • 3
;; - - — • , — _-; ; . ' i _ ._ ., . . - — ; — : — . ; . . I
.. . '_ , zJz~jg' '\u25a0-:•\u25a0-• -. \u25a0 ?\u25a0•'•-\u25a0 . -^— i ||
- - \u25a0 • ' ' ' -...\u25a0.>.. - \u25a0_^_^__^^ mm^ „_ — — \u25a0— ~- '* /
\u25a0 - ""^7™"^ ... \u25a0 \u25a0 hk - - * - '- \u25a0 \u25a0 • - - - - ___^^^.'_^ j»^— — \u25a0^^**,^^" —^^ T^^"^ 1
\u25a0 — .1. • '"' " ,'' . . . .' ... . ... '. \u25a0 ., '. ."' — ' ~ --- — '\u25a0 — \u25a0 '. . . ' i .
\^^^^= \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- ; "- - \u25a0 *
:...:,.:\u25a0,. ..., = - ; ..-.". = 7 =rr ~."..:.T T T~ - .-;. : j' : :~. I'Bishop Tuttle is a New Yorker by. birth,
and was • a protege of ' the late Bishop
Alonzo Potter of^New York, who was
uncle of ,the present Bishop, and • is a
graduate of Columbia and the General
Theological Seminary. .Advanced to the
priesthood in 1863, he served as rector ln
the little town of Morris, Otsego County,
New York, and from this humble coun
try pulpit he was raised to become first
Bishop of Utah- and Montana before he
was thirty years of age. ' Here he was
engaged in ? an active controversy with
Mormonism and its peculiar institutions,
but succeeded in \u25bagathering about him- a
strong force of ! Gentile supporters and
founding his church on an enduring basis.
In 1868 he was elected Bishop of Mis
souri, but declined the office. Again, in
1886, he was elected to this see and ac
cepted. \u25a0 '
Right Rev. . Daniel Sylvester Tuttle,
D. D., Bishop of Missouri, will preside
over the higher house during the conven
tion by right of ' seniority of consecration
and the inability of the primate to be
present in person.
Since the general convention of 1898, held
in Washington, D. C. : the following
bishops 'whose date of consecration pre
ceded Bishop Tuttle have died: Bishop
Williams, presiding Bishop, Connecticut;
Bishop whipple,' Minnesota; Bishop Wil
mer,. Alabama; Bishop Williams, Japan,
and Bishop Neely, .Maine, t There remains
but the aged Bishop Thomas March
Clark, Bishop of Rhode Island, and now
primate of the American church; whose
consecration dates prior to Bishop Tut
tle's. The , primate is the one who has
been longest in the episcopate. His pow
ers are closely defined by canon, and in
no respect exceed those of any other
bishop. A bishop Is supreme ln . his own
diocese: For convenience sake a primate,
who Is the mouthpiece of the House of
Bishops, is. required. His work is light
and largely pro forma.
This . Tuesday Morning Make Up
Your Mind
To Join that Southern Pacific special day
light train excursion to Lake Tahoe next
Saturday.. Only $8 50 round trip and ticket
good eight days. '•' Did you register, yester
day? It not, to-day at 613 Market ' street.
"None whatever." \u25a0 )•• -
• "When .were these dispatches . delivered - to
Commodore Schley?" ' S.
'.'They were delivered between half past 12
and 1 o'clock on the afternoon of the 22d.". .
• •"J)ld you read the memorandum about signals
given to you by Captain Chadwick ?"\u25a0
"Certainly - 1 did, but not the dispatches to
Commodore Schley.". •' '
. Raynor here : exhibited to the* witness two
memoranda from the official -reports. : but Ad
miral Evans said that neither of these was the
document to which he had reference. That.'- he
said. ; was ,ttie code of slgnalsi with' the lnsur
gents. **^^l5oa0^M9^?Btt' r r '.-'\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0 - • '' \u25a0 "
u :"What became of that memorandum?"
\u25a0 • •/\u25a0.-•. \u25a0 . \u25a0 -;C\ :-:...
On his cross-examination by Raynor, Admiral
Evans said that he had 1 left Key j West with
the Iowa for Cienfuegos on May 20 and that
he knew before leaving that port that a secret'
code had been arranged with the insurgents on
shore at Cienfuegos. as Captain Chadwick had
given ' him this -information. .
"He came on board the Iowa," said the wit
ness/ ."to deliver dispatches to me before we
got under way, -To my best knowledge and
belief he gave me a written memorandum con
taining the secret code. : but notwithstanding I
made diligent search among my papers for this
document, I have, failed to find it.".' \u25a0 \u25a0 ;
Raynor— Can you \u25a0 refresh your memory about
this memorandum ? • There Is yio doubt . about'
one thing, * and that ; is that the Iowa carried
dispatches. : "' ' ) \u25a0 . . , ..
Under Cross-Examfhation.
"To the westward,' heading for the enemy's
ships. I do not know whether we were headed
west by south or west by. north." •
her by the navigator calling to me: 'Look out,
captain, for the Texas.' I ' went on . the port
bridge, where the navigator was standing, and
I said: 'Where the devil is the Texas?' The
navigator/ said: 'Here she is, sir, In the
smoke.' I said to myself: 'Captain Philip will
look after- the Texas'- and went below. In a
few minutes the : navigator called out again:
"Look out, captain; you will run Into the
Texas.' I walked over to 'the port side,, of the
bridge and saw the Brooklyn's smokestack and
military masts. She was lying directly across
the bows of the Texas: . The Texas was appar
ently backing- and dangerously close to the
Iowa. " The Brooklyn seemed to be 600 yards
directly in front of the Texas. I eased the
helm of the Iowa a little, ported her helm
a little and just, at that moment the Oregon
came through my lee and passed between me
and the \u25a0 Texas and the three boats ware
bunched together. •- • .
. "At: the time. the Brooklyn was shut out ln
•moke and I saw no more of her until the
Colon had passed well to the westward of me,
when some one on the bridge said: •
" "The Brooklyn Is knocked out.'
'I went on the bridge- to see what had hap
pened and she was then about a mile and a
half forward of \u25a0\u25a0 the port beam of the Iowa,
with the Colon seven or«eight miles ahead and
on her starboard bow. Erom that time on the
firing was light and I could see the Brooklyn
occasionally. The Brooklyn was on our star
board bow on the port quarter of the Colon.
Well astern of her was .the Oregon, with the
Vixen off shore of the Brooklyn. The Iowa at
that time was directly t in the wake ' of the
Colon, with the Vixen a little on her starboard
bow." '\u25a0 v, \ •
\u25a0 ' 'How was the Iowa headed by the com
pass?" - \u25a0; \u25a0'\u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0 ijux \u25a0 - .. / :> \u25a0 .".-
Bishop Tuttlei3 regarded as one of the
strongest In his order. An orator
of the first rank, he is equally eminent
as an administrator, and has brought his
diocese to a point of strength and influ
ence that it never before possessed. The
western half of the. State has been set
off. as a separate jurisdiction, and . each
diocese is now stronger than the flrst
was before the division. -
A number of delegates arrived ln the
city last evening on the overland train
and secured apartments at tho downtown
hotels. • - • - - \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 - •
Among the prominent clericals who
reached the city were Rev. George P.
Nelson and Rev. T. J. Packard of Balti
more, Md., assistant secretaries to the
House of Bishops; Rev. Cameron Mann
of Kansas City, Rev.J. Lewis Parks of
Calvary Church, New York City, and
Rev. M. Donald of Trinity Church, . Bos
ton, Mass. -
The ministers mentioned are all promi
nent in the Episcopalian church and will
be leaders in the debates of the forthcom
ing convention.
'.'As I told you, I lost it. I searched every
paper and everywhere and tried to find it. In
fact, I am not sure it was a memorandum."
"When did you search for.Hhls memoran
dum?"
VI searched within 'the last month for It,
ever since the question has been raised ln the
newspapers about my not having given Com
modore Schley this information." .
£ "Then did you inform Commodore Schley that
this system of signals had been arranged?"
"I did not. It never entered my mind that
he did , not know it." . \u25a0 . \u25a0 '.
' '.'The •> Marblehead being the vessel " that es
tablished this code and Commodore Schley's
squadron having arrived at Kay West befor«
the Marblehead got there, did It- not enter your
mind that Commodore Schley must have known
of the signal code?" _\u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0 ; „--•
"You make the mistake of . supposing that: I
knew, this was done by the Marblehead. I had
no knowledge that the Marblehead had ar
ranged these signals. They were simply given
to me by the chief of staff aa a system of sig
nals." - " ::;\u25a0\u25a0 '.
"Upon what- ground did- you suppose that
Commodore Schley knew it?': / ;
"He was the commanding , officer of tho
squadron." ' .
" "From what sources did you suppose he got
this information?" •- •;, .•
."Idld not suppose anything about It.- It
never entered my head. If it had I should
have said, . of course, that the commanding of
ficer of a naval force would not . expect one
of his.- Junior captains to give him information
about his signals. . It was given to I me as a
piece of information which I thought every
captain of the fleet had. I never thought of
Commodore Schley in connection with It * If I
had supposed for a moment that Commodore
Schley did not have.it I would have given it
to him the first thing on my arrival • there ' I
did not intend to say that Commodore Schley
had this signal code." • . •
At this point • Raynor produced '\u25a0 Admiral
Evans' book," "A Sailor's Log." and : began , to
quote a passage from it on. the (subject of the
code." when , the Judge advocate interrupted with
an objection, which was sustained by the court
Admiral " Dewey remarking: "I would rather
you would- get the statement' from {he witness
here.". \u25a0 - .':'.\u25a0 \u25a0_.'.. ..?.
: . Raynor then, while reading • from ' the book
put the question: "Have you Btated (quoting
from Admiral Evans* book), 'I, of course; took
It for granted that. the commodore understood
those ' slsrnals as well as I did. I Otherwise I
should have ' informed him . of their signifi
cance ?' " .
"That is absolutely a fact,", replied the wit
ness. ''.* .". ' -/.' T
; "Therefore you. did take .It for 'granted that
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 30.— Adolpn Sylva.
Mayor of Sausallto, to-day had Clinton
Mason arrested for threatening his life.
Mason was bound over by Juiise RocMen
to keep the peace for three rjontbs on a
$500 bond. Mason is an employe of t ha
poolroom operators in Sausalito. ( . .
Mason Must Keep the Peace.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 20.— Advices re
ceived from Fuchow by the steamer
Athenian tell of the narrow escape from
death of five officers and several seamen
Of Vhe United States cruiser Wilmington
when that vessel arrived at the Chinese
port early in September. The officers wera
going ashore In the cruiser's launch, 'when
tho boiler exploded and the top flew high
into the air. Fortunately every one on
board escaped uninjured.
Cruiser's Launch. Blows Up.
TWO PROMINENT PRELATES OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH WHO
WILL TAKE LEADING PARTS IN THE COMING CONVENTION TO
BE HELD IN THIS CITY.'
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 30.— Theodora
Schneider, a representative of the Chilean
Government, now making a tour of tfta
Pacific Coast to familiarize himself with
the fruit industry, has placed a large or
der with Luther Burbank, the well-known
horticulturist; for new trees for the . Gov
ernment experiment grounds: Those espe
cially designated by Mr. Schneider are th*
sugar prune plum, Wickson plum. Sultan
plum, China plum, the "opulent" peach
and the Santa Rosa soft shell walnut.
The other varieties are to be selected by
Burbank.
Chile Buys Fruit Trees.
either as clergyman or Bishop.
His * father was a follower . of Chan
ning, the founder of a school of Unitarl
anism In New Kngland. The. Bishop was
early In life a inlnister of South Congre
gational Church-in Boston, where he soon
became noted as an exceptional preacher.
Appointed Plummer professor of Chris
tian morals in Harvard, he became closely
identified with the usual exercises, but
his views underwent a change, and to
the amazement of his friends he surren
dered the faltK'of his fathers to embrace
Eptscopalianism? His first and only min
isterial charge • was Emmanuel Church,
Boston. - • ~4 : ~
• During the War .of the Rebellion, Dr.
Huntlngton advocated the cause of the
North with penand all the might of his
great eloquence. 1 'As a lecturer he was al
ways in demand.'
In 1S69, Dr. Huntington was elected
Bishop of Central New York, and, after
thirty-two years'/ service in the episco
pates is strong and vigorous.
The appearance of the aged Bishop will
be one of the events of the convention.
tance, and supposing she was firing at 7000
yards I gave the range to my guns 8000 yards.
I saw these shots fall short and increased -the
range to 9000 yards. After the Massachusetts
had passed the entrance to the harbor she
turned with port helm and steamed back, the
New Orleans and Iowa following. On the run
back across the harbor I again fired at 10,000
yards. The shots still fell short, and as the
Massachusetts and New Orleans showed down
and stopped after they got across I slowed my
engines, then Increased the range to 11,000
yards and fired two shots from the forward
12-lnch turret. The first one was fired by Lieu
tenant Van Deuser at 11,000 yards. I saw that
it fell- Ehort. Lieutenant Hill had the other
gun in that turret. ! I gave him tho range at
11,500 yards and he fired, and that shot struck
very near the stern of the Colon. Both 12
inch guns were disabled by the fire from that
extreme elevation. After that we stood a mile
and a half, possibly two miles to our blockad
ing station again. That was all I saw done
to Injure the Colon."
'v ; ; Blockade Under Schley.
The witness was then asked about the block
ade under Commodore Schley. He .said the
squadron stood seven or eight miles out during
the daytime and a little farther out at night,
with the Vixen and the Marblehead on the in
side at night. * The Judge advocate asked the
witness concerning a statement by a lieutenant
of the Spanish navy, printed by the Navy De
partment, to the effect that at dark the Ameri
can ships withdrew to the southward,' disap
pearing. The introduction of this book was
objected to, and Admiral Dewey said:
• \u25a0• '-'The witness has already told what distance
was . maintained by the fleet. We don't care
for that kind of information. Admiral Evans
\u25a0was there and can answer for himself. We
want facts, not newspaper articles."
Describing the battle off Santiago Admiral
Evans said:
"When Cervera's fleet came out of Santiago
harbor the -.Iowa waa at the center, with the
Brooklyn to . the left and the Texas between."
Captain Lemly— Do you remember what ves
sels were between ' them ? *
"The only 'vessel between the Iowa and the
Brooklyn was the Texas." • rt'FSj
"Did you have." an opportunity of observing
\u25a0 the-, movements of the Brooklyn on this occa
sion?" - •• ">-. \u25a0».\u25a0\u25a0.. . - '•
. : "You mean: during the battle?" ,..\u25a0'
- "I -mean the 'beginning of the battle." • - - •
"Look Out for the Texas."
"I saw the Brooklyn when the fighting be
gan. When I reached* the bridge of the Iowa
the Brooklyn was still off to the westward,
headed, I should say. northwest. .That was
Just as the fight began. I saw her again, pos
sibly, five minutes afterward, when she was
steaming westward very fast,. .firing. her. port
battery, headed northwest toward the head of
the Spanish column. I did not see the Brook
lyn again until my attention . was directed' to
The delegation from the State of Wash
ington arrived yesterday. Right Rev.
Lemuel H-. Wells, Bishop o- Washington,
came with this delegation. Other promi
nent divines who reached the city yester
day were Rev. J. H. Eichbaum of Brook
lyn, Mich., Rev. J. Eccleston of Baltimore
and Eev. Henry Lewis Morris of New
York City.
The capacity of Trinity Church, Bush
and Gough streets, will be taxed to its
limit to accommodate the delegates to the
convention. The House of Bishops will
sit in executive session in the Sunday
school room of the church, while the
House of Deputies will transact business
in the church proper. An extra gallery
has been built ln the sacred edifice in or
der to prevent undue crowding. The local
committees having charge of the conven
tion are bending every energy to make
the gathering a complete success.
Headquarters for delegates have been
opened ln the ferry building and at 1««4
Bush street. Committees will be in at
tendance at the ferry to welcome visitors
and Rev. Mardon D. Wilson is in charge
of the headquarters at 1703 Bush street.
The convention will open to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock. Bishop Nichols of
California will call, the gathering to order.
The services will be most Impressive. All
the " Bishops will appear in procession,
wearing their vestments of office, at tae
opening- of the convention. .
Aged Prelate Comes Here.
Right Rev. Frederick Dan Hunting
don, D. D., Bishop; of Central New York,
comes as a guest- of J. Pierpont Morgan,
and one of the -travelers in the financial
magnate's special train. Few Bishops in
the church have enjoyed so great popu
larity, or had a more successful career
\u25a0 f-sC VERYTHING is in readiness for
I m^ the commencement- of the gen
|^ eral convention of the Episcopal
I -^ church and to-day will witness
the arrival in this city of hun
dreds of delegates, including Bishops of
the church, distinguished clericals and
laymen.
Prominent among those who will ar
rive this morning are Bishop Potter of
New York City, J. Pierpont Morgan, the
millionaire, and the party of Eastern
Bishops and laymen who will be the
guests of the wealthy financier at the
Crocker residence. The special train of
Mr. Morgan is due to arrive at Oakland
at 7:55 o'clock this morning and the trav
elers will proceed at once in carriages to
the Crocker residence.
An excursion under the direction of
Whitcomb and Raymond will bring 300
delegates to the convention and will ar
rive to-day. Other delegations from all
parts of the United States are scheduled
to reach San Francisco before 7 o'clock
this evening, while, the i epoi ts of the
railroad officials show that nearly 2000
people are journeying westward, having
taken .advantage of the special railroad
convention rates.
Presiding elder, J. B. Green: Arroyo Grande,
P. A. Zlegler; Bakersfleld. George E. Foster:
Bardsdale, Stephen Gascoigne: Easton, Martin
Judy: Epworth, F. W. Davis; Estrell* and
Shandon, A. J. McKenzle; Fresno. G. AI Mil
ler; Goleta, M. A. Meagher; Grangeville. O.
W. Relnius; Hanford. W. A. Bells; Huenem*
and Satlcoy, George S. Madden, supply; Kern.
C. H. Woolley; Kernvine. William Dlnwoodle;
Lompoc and Stewart,- J. C .Elliott; Oxnari and
Somls, J. H. Avery: Paso Robles, G. B. Cliff;
Piru.' Alexander Hardle; Portervllle, .11. S.
McGee; Reedley. W. H. Fulford; San Lot*
OMspo. .William Claque; Saa Missel.' : K-^J2p
Husted; Sanger. J. M. Richmond; Santa Bar
bara, S. J. Carroll;' Santa Maria. S. S. Samp
son; Santa Paula. '!>. G. Spring; Selma and
Traver, J. M. Taylor; Spanish Mission, n. A.
Mata; Tehachapl. W. S. German; Tulare, A.
B. Morrison: Ventura, J. M. Rich; yisalla.-F.
V. Fisher: "Waukena. J. C. Elkins.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 30.— The general
Methodist Episcopal Conference of South
ern California closed to-day and tho ap
pointments were announced. E But! few
changes were made in the Los Angeles
district.' A resolution deploring the as
sassination ot President McKlnley and
strongly denouncing anarchistic teachings
was adopted and a copy ordered forward
ed to President Roosevelt. The appoint
ments for the Fresno district were as fol
lows: ' /t""J
Methodist Conference of Southern
California Completes Its
Work.
PASTORS APPOINTED
FOR FRESNO DISTRICT
WASHINGTON', Sept. Sa— The bright eun
ehlne and fresh air had the effect of bringing
all th« members of the Schley court of inquiry
and the attendants upon the court to the build
ing' rather earlier than usual this raornlng.
Admiral Dewey. as is his custom, was one of
the flm members to put in an appearance,
but ac early as was his arrival he found Judge
Advocate Lemly and his assistant, Hanna,
there 1& advance of himself. The admiral, as
usual, wore only citizen's clothing upon his
arrival, but he was 6oon transformed Into a
gallant tar by donning his service uniform.
Captain I>>xxJy and Hanna -were engaged from
the early morning in preparing the programme
trr Tii» 6zf. There is much in the way of de
tail to be dct«c . each morning, and they have
fallen into the iiabit of coming direct to the
court building, where they have they- list of
witnesses, files of documents and everything
else bearing upon the case. They began the
day's proceedings according to custom by re
calling the -witnesses of previous days.
Captain Lemly'B programme provided that
-theee should be followed by Commander Miller,
who commanded the collier Merrimac in the
early part of the Santiago campaign; Captain
Jewell, who commanded the scout Minneapolis:
Lieutenant Commander Sharp, who had charge
of the much-talked-of Vixen, and LJeutenaht
J. G. Donilee of the Brooklyn. It was also
contemplated to call Rear Admiral Evans, who
wa5 captain of the Iowa. Much interest was
manifested in the probable appearance of the
rear admiral and also In the prospect of see
ing Captain Miller, who, it will be remem
bered, surrendered with great reluctance the
command of the Merrimac to Lieutenant Hob
ton, who afterward sank the collier in the
mouth of Santiago harbor.
While Commander Southerland was on the
etand he was asked by the court whether, if
the fleet of Cervera had been in the harbor at
Ci«»nfue?os. it could have been seen by the
vessels tlcc'sading the port. He replied:
"I car.not definitely say. Not unless they
had anchored in the lower harbor. Just biElde
of the er.trance in the deep water where the
echooner M which I referred before was an
chored. i» not believe they would have an
chored i: iit epot."
filler of the Merrimac.
Tne fir^ »w witness of the day was Com
manter .' ~es M. Miller, who was ln command
of the c : *er Merrimac while that vessel -<ras
a part Admiral Schley's flying squadron.
Conaisr -r Miller said that he had assumed
v command >f :he Merrimac on April 11 at Xor
frlk. He had taken on board at Lambert's
-*%^t i F'-'v j .p_';erward about 5000 tons of s-. si.
6 \f*t!f£jn±t., lie bbid. been capable at" first
rnatiugr .between nine and ten knots, but
fctterwtrd he had trouble with his machinery,
so that by May 23 and 24 he would have hesi
tated lii trying to secure a speed of more than
t-even knots. He read from the collier's log to
the (, that the Iowa, the Massachusetts and the
\u25a0ay'ine had been coaled on the 23d and 2<th.
,- record was found on the coaling of any ves
~\ >n the 25th or the 26th. the time consumed
roceeding from Cienfuegos to Santiago.
* .b« sea," he said, "on the 25th was nasty,
ju" \u25a0 nasty. The Merrimae. being a heavy ves
se». its speed was affected, bvt if I had had
, . -mailer vessel I should have felt it very
ch." _
f £e also said that the weather for that day
\ jb bad. The witness said that late in the
Lrternoon of May 26 the intermediate valve of
;fce collier was broken, but previous to the
arrival off Santiago she had not been "broken
iowa, disabled or delayed."
A* .to the condition of the 26th the witness
, •' should say I could have coaled, as I find
h»re (consulting the log) we were making ten
«cno**. At one time we «rot up to twelve knots.
1 if~cy the weather could not have been very
/boisterous. I read here from the log at 1
o'clock eerea knots, then six and bo on. We
got up to ten. There is one entry that we
got cp to eleven knots. On that date I find
>teamintr with the squadron east to quarter
north,' and I find by the entry between 8
o'clock ln the morning and the meridian of that
date we made from ten to twelve knots."
Hanna— What was the condition of the sea?
"The wi had smoothed, I should Judge, from ,
the way we •wpre going. "We raised our epeedj
from seven to tten knots."
"Could jtou Jfove coaled vessels on the after
noon of the 2ahT* . . '\u25a0
"J could up to the time I -was broken dowy>.
tVhile I had cfcntrol of the chip I could have
coaled." -'
"What time lid you break down?"
"We stoppei at 5:30 that afternoon."
Conoen ing: Coaling' at Sea. .
Asked if v*: 'Pis could have been coaled
while the Me*mac was ln tow of the YaU.
the witness replied that that was a 6upposi
\u2666itious quest!- a and that he would not like to •
say. As a. n-atter of fact, she did not coal
any vessel wi le In tow. On all days from
May 23 to Mi; 21, except on the days when
en roue from Mefuegos to Santiago and when
disable 1. th« 1 errimac had had vessels along
side for the p rjx>se of coaling and they had
been coaled fi jm the collier.
On cross-ea arnlnation Raynor questioned
Commander Mller concerning coaling from the
Merrimac on ti e 24th. He said the Massachu
setts hac bee:* coaled at 7:30 ln the morning
of that ia.y. He was then examined concern
ing elgn&ls e g to coaling the Texas. While
these question* were being put Captain Miller
eaid, laughingly:
"Go aieas. You're got me there." H« then
# proceeded: I <"
"1 eignalta over, *T object to havtnr two
battleships e'.ongslde *tf me,' *nd Ciptain
Philip cf th« Texas ricEaled, I think to Ciptaln
HiggiTxera, >, u t I do not know whether It was
to the afi-.rU or blm. 'K. and M will cj-usb
R*y-,or---5 , u were not <j you were'X. O
"I I:' :> :-««^hu 8 cUtT • - I
havi a * ' I think. What I objected to was
\u25a0 n. ., " beside me. They have
" ' '.' at lotion, and when two battleships
rrueL ' '*"* th * T have a tendency to
bo mm'; "Uier between them. It ras not
•th* nr*L on Kcount oi the weather as it was
*lfow*r? °i a battleship on each side."
SSSJF ? " " are
eoncemtiri could hiw,y.. am Personally
• "Well, bow about the other vt. se i«r'
"That is not for tr.e to Judge *
"Thpjrwhen you rpoke of your caDadtv to
coal^ sou epoke about your own mhft^
"*•>=; 'hat I was ready t nT ripiw-iA- *
Klvtiw nc opinion r*EardinVoU,£^ "h!ps> X "°
Battleships Always Boll.
Continung, the witness saia that he "ai
ways hat *d to go alongside the battleship*"
The Merr,mac." he went on. "was alwavs
rr.lfinr-t 1 - **** batUeSUp8 Were continually
••Ef;.;cii:iy in a rough sea," suggested nay-
XiOT. I ',•;.. * •
"in JTiyVea." responded the witness
•U Jot that especially true when the war
Alp has intruding sponsors as had the
e *!lded W£ 1 C always n^ty." the witness re-
Raynor <j U e«?t!oned Captain Miller closely C on
crrnins th.. etate of the weather and of the
sea cn Mav a, quoting from Admiral Cervera's
•"-tementkia that subject, but the witness
HU cniXeay that his log was silent as to
condition of the sea at that time. ( -i .*.*
.-. this cAnection Captain Miller referred to
remova'.l f rom the command of the Merrl
; *n*-i In ordA to turn the vessel over to Lieu
at Hobs*.. He said on that point:
\u25a0*">Vhen I r»s taken out summarily from the
\u25a0'\ rr5 « 1 ac neSfrly everything I had was lost
M th* only thing I can remember now with
the few note£ j na ve here l« ta this log."
••it* there any point near Cienfuegos where
\u25a0 v**rel« coma feave found protection from the
":\u25a0 flo not tin - 'that unless we h*<l -r-— e UB
t"> t«tily \o tSk fie of Pine*, there *\u25a0*« any
»?/•\u25a0"*• V farll iican remember now, vhtre
» there «tmld hfc. 7 teen found smoother vater
Bear Admiral Evans the Most Im
portant Witness of the Day.
NEW EVIDENCE IS HEARD.
I "She could not have coaled from 8 o'clock
In the morning of the 25th until 8 or 9. o'clock
on the monring of the 26th, when it moder
ated."
"Waa 1 there any period between May 24 and
May 26 when . the Iowa could not have coaled
from the collier Merrimac?"
chorage under the lee of Jardlnallas t
where large vessels would be sheltered tvm
westerly winds?"
jt"I do not."
• "Ar you familiar with the southern coa»- >f
Cuba between Cienfuegos and Santiago?"
"Fairly familiar with it. yes, sir."
"Are there any positions between Cienfuogoa
and the neighborhood of Santiago whera ves
sels can coal in rough weather?"
"Between Cienfuegos and Santiago I know
of.no place where they could coal In rough
weather."
The question of shortening the period
of operation of the subsidy law from
twenty years, as was proposed ln the
old bill, to about twelve or fifteen years
will also be considered. ' Another matter
that. will come up before the conference,
it is understood, will be to fix a uniform
rate of subsidy of 1 cent per gross ton
for each one hundred nautical miles
covered by ships enjoying a Government
bounty.
In the old bill it was proposed to pay
one and a half cents for each one hun
dred miles not exceeding fifteen hunO'-e'l
miles, and one cent per ton for each ad
ditional hundred miles sailed.
An effort will be made also to simplif,/ 1
all the provisions in the new m«33'iT-j
so as to render it more intelligible t.v
members of Congress and the. general
public.
around the proposition to pay subsidies
to foreign-built ships now owned, wholly
or In major part by Americans.
It will be recalled that it. was against
this provision of the old bill that the
greatest hostility was shown at the list
session of Congress, and it is understood
the aim of the conference at Boston \u25a0will
be to so frame this clause as not to ex
cite the same dangerous opposition. To
accomplish this purpose and at the wroe
time to carry out the "Idea embodied ln the
foreign tonnage feature of the bill I will
be a difficult matter, especially in vle-w
of the fact that since the adjournment
of Congress last March J. Pierpont .Mor
gan and the transportation companies
with which . he Is allied have purchased
foreign ships having a combined capacity
of 275,000 tons.
ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
/f X. TV\. WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.
(I . — New life was given to the
Schley court of Inquiry to-day by
the prominence of the witnesses
who testified and the important charac
ter of their evidence. Rear Admiral
Evans, who, as captain, command
ed the battleship Iowa during the
Santiag-o campaign. was the most
prominent -witness before the court
to-day. His testimony covered the pe
riod from the time the Iowa left the port
of Key West on the 20th of May. 1898,
" until the 5th of July, when Admiral Evans
testified he had a conversation with Ad
miral Schley concerning the battle of the
3d. He described m detail the principal
battle of Santiago and gave particulars
concerning the bombardment of the Colon
on May SL
Other witnesses of the day were Cap
tain Theodore F. Jewell, who was com
mander of the cruiser Minneapolis during
the Spanish War, and Commander James
O. Miller, who was in command oi the
collier Merrimac until that vessel was
turned over to Lieutenant Hobson to be
sunk In the mouth of the harbor of San
tiago. Admiral Evans bad not concluded
his testimony when the court adjourned
until to-rr.orrow.
Coaling Question' -/AgainvV* '..¥*$
* "Would it have been possible for the. Iowa
to coal from the Merrimac on the afternoon* of
May -26?"- •
, "It would -have been." •
"j-VDo you>knowjof any reason why. the ships
could not get near, the collier on May 317"
if; VI know of no reason why they, could not."
:"Do you 'know whether \u25a0 there" is good an-
"Or. any written or verbal instructions V
•- "None .whatever." . -
\u25a0 '.'"What Instruction, verbal or written, did
you have from Commodore Schley relative to
the order \u25a0'»*. blockade or order of battle while
a part . of ! the , ; flying squadron?"
.' 'The ; order of blockade was to form column
double distance and cruise in that formation."
"Was there any prescribed order of battle by
which you .would have been guided. If the
enemy's ships had come out of Santiago harbor
prior to ' June . 1. 1898 ?' '
. "There was "none." \u25a0-" -T^-?;
- Returning to the departure of the flying
squadron from Cienfuegos Hanna asked : '
"What steps were taken, if any, to mark the
movements of that squadron in accordance with
orders?" . \u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0 • \u25a0 . .- ...
"There were no lights shown on . the . flyfng
squadron 'on blockade except, 1 1 believe,' we
did have a light in the stern of each ship."
By the court— Was any . further effort made
by the flying squadron to destroy the Colon ?
. "None, if by "further" you mean the action
of May 31." ->_,
"Was the fire of the enemy's batteries on the
81st heavy enough ' to seriously endanger, the
attacking ships r f ; ,
"No," sir, it was not heavy -at all.'. The pro
jectiles mostly fell a long- ways short of us.
Two, ;I think, passed over my: ship." '•:• -[\u25a0 '
. "In the attack on the Colon on May 31 did
any of the enemy's shells fall near the squad
ron?" n .-\u25a0•-' • • , • • . \u25a0 \u25a0
"Two. I think, fell- near the Iowa."
Raynor then surrendered I the witness tempo
rarily, saying that he would have further ques
tions to ask, but that he desired time to pre
pare them. It was arranged that these ques
tions could be deferred until to-morrow, and
ln the meantime Captain Lemly made some
interrogations before the redirect examination.
He asked: ' . ; - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -
"Under what instructions, r verbal, written or
by signal from the flagship Brooklyn, did you
maneuver ; the Iowa during - tbe naval battle
off Santiago harbor . on July 8, 189S?"
•--"I never, saw any signal 'from her. I did
hot maneuver in obedience to any signal from
the Brooklyn. I did not see any signals aboard
her." >
Lemly Asks Questions.
"I never said that; absolutely. I never said
such a thing because the Texas was right
under my eye all the time. She did not turn
at all." ' .-.
Concerning the position of the Brooklyn and
Texas on the day of the battle, the 'witness
said: .
"The Brooklyn was dangerously near the
Texas. I should say within 100 yards of her."
"What was your position. Just at that time
when she crossed - the course of the Texas,
relative to the Brooklyn and Texas?"
"The Iowa was heading straight in for the
Spanish - fleet to intercept the VizcSya at that
time. She was heading more to the northward
than the Texas. The Texas was headed ott
more to the west. When I saw the Brooklyn
the third time she was across the bow of the
Texas, heading south."
"When did you see her next, if at all?"
"After the Oquendo went ashore my atten
tion was called to the Brooklyn by some one
on the bridge. v?ho remarked: 'The Brooklyn
is knocked out.' She. was then hotly engaged
with her starboard battery. She- . was headed
parallel with the course of the Colon, I should
say." . • \u25a0
Raynor questioned the witness again with ref
erence to statements made in his (Admiral
Evans') book, asking himwhether he had ever
said he felt reasonably sure that the Spanish
fleet was in the harbor at Santiago. The wit
ness said that he had , made . that '. statement,
but that it was a conclusion based on the. fact
that the Spaniards were;" not at "Cienfuegos;
that they had not gone ' westward and that
from a military point of view Santiago was
the place where they were most apt. to be.
"That was simply your opinion then and not
a'- matter of information?" suggested Raynor,
to which the witness replied in the affirmative.
- Raynor then remarked that he had never be
fore understood upon what the . admiral had
based his statements.
"I think you did," said the admiral.
"I assure you I had never read it before,"
responded Raynor.
"You have read it three times to me. so that
you cannot say that you never, read the state
ment before." • . • . "\u25a0'.-\u25a0•
Admiral Dewey— Remarks will be confined to
questions and answers. .
Admiral Evans, ln response to a question
from Raynor, said he had been called to tbe
deck of the Iowa on the evening of July 2 by
Lieutenant Hill, who was the deck \ officer and
who had called his attention to columns of
smoke arising. from the entrance to the harbor.
The' lieutenant- had remarked that It was his
opinion that the Spaniards were preparing .to
come out, but he (Admiral Evans) expressed
the opinion that. they were only shifting their
berths, as they had done on previous occa
sions. However, the signal at that time had
been prepared and was kept In readiness all
night. Baying that the enemy was escaping.
Dangerously Near the Texas.
Signals at Cienfuegos.
Raynor questioned Admiral Evans at some
length concerning the signals as displayed on the
coast near Cientuegos, which the admiral said
the officer of the deck had told him had been
seen on May 22 and 23, but -the witness said that
he ' had - had no conversation with Admiral
Schley about these lights and had made no re
port to him of their appearance or significance.
Raynor then changed his base of his exam
ination from Cienfuegos to Santiago, and began
by asking Admiral Evans if he had seen the
official chart showing the positions of the
Brooklyn and other battleships on the day of
the battle of Santiago, July 3, 189S. The ad
miral replied that he "had seen the chart, but
that it was wrong.
"When did you first know about the turn of
the Brooklyn, as you say, a short distance from
the Texas r*
"When I saw her cross- the bow of the
Texas." • .
"Do you recollect the conversation you had
with Commodore Schley the 5th of July, the
second day after the battle, regarding the loop
of the Brooklyn?"
"No, sir; I do not. I do not remember men
tioning the subject at all."
"You do not recollect that Commodore Schley
first told you on July 5 that it was the Brook
lyn, and not the Texas, that made the turn?"
"I never imagined anything of the sort." '
"Give briefly the purport of your conversation
on that date with Commodore Schley."
"Briefly, as I recollect the conversation, he
was talking to a person named Graham. He
was sitting at his desk, writing. I walked into
his cabin to make a report. He put his hand
on my- shoulder and said: 'Bobby, I am Just
writing ' my report of • the battle of the 3d of
July.' ...
"He said:. 'I have said of you that you
handled your ship with consummate skill.' ' He
then Introduced . me to Mr. Graham. Captain
Cook came in and asked -me If I would tell
him i whether the position of certain Spanish
ships was correct, which came out first, etc.,
and that he had been a little confused in bis
mind. We talked a few minutes and I then
went ' into .Cfcptain Cook's cabin.", v \u25a0- -V-":--
--.'."You '\u25a0 do not recollect tbe. • conversation, going
over the ' partlculars-or' the ' turn- the Brooklyn
made and the remark Commodore Schley made
at that time about Captain Philip when you
said you thought it • was Captain Philip of
the Texas who made the tarn?".
the 1 commodore understood the signals?"
"He could "never have understood the signal
unless he knew something about it, could he?"
"I took it for granted he understood it." -»
"Well, you found out that he did not under
stand it, did ycu not?*'
"No."
One of the most important questions
pertaining to the new bill which will
come before. -this conference centers
\u25a0jf^kLL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
/J N. W., WASHINGTON, Sept.' 30.—
(L .A new ship subsidy bill wlll.be
>^^ Introduced In the Senate early ln
the next session <t Congress It
will differ from the measure which Sen
ator's Frye and Hanna made such a
strenuous effort to have passed last win
ter.' What the modifications will be are
to be . determined between this time and
December, but it is Intended they shall
not alter the old bill in any 1 radical man
ner. .Some efforts will be made, however,
to make the new measure acceptable to
those who opposed the old one.
Advocates of ship subsidy purpose be
ginning early, in bringing the issue to the
front at the' coming session. A confer
ence' is scheduled to be held In. Boston
to-morrow or on -Wednesday, at which
a draft of the new bill will be considered.
There will be present Senators Hanna and
Frye, Representative Littlefteld of Maine,
President Griscom of the International
Navigation Company • and a few others
who are* interested In building up the
measure. Senator Hanna was due to ar
rive in Boston to-day. He has been at
Bath, Me., where the United States
cruiser Cleveland and a large ocean sail
ing vessel, named in honor of Senator
Frye have been launched.
Subsidy Features.
"About five minutes tr. 1 I sow the first 'shot
from (be Massachusetts tfr'<l thort a long dls-
than we found off Cienfuegos unless going very
far to the eastward."
"Could you have coaled any of the vessels on
May 25 had you been ordered to do so?"
"I should judge so, to the best of my knowl
edge and belief. I say I could coal, yes, I
could coal at any time, but then I could not
have coaled comiortably. For the other ships
it was what we call a nasty sea and squally,
rainy weather, and If I had my choice I would
not have coaled on that day; that is, the 2oth."
As he left the stand Captain Miller asked
that he might be excused If he had shown any
temper.
"I feel a little bit touchy about the Merri
mac," he said.
Admiral Dewey assured him that he had
displayed no temper.
Captain Jewell a "Witness.
Captain Miller was succeeded on the witnese
stand by Captain Theodore J. Jewell, who com
manded the cruiser Minneapolis during the
Spanish war.
Captain Jewell said that he had first fallen in
with the flying squadron under command of
Commodore Schley on the evening of May 26.
Captain Lemly quoted from Admiral Schley's
letter to the Senate Committee on Naval Af
fairs, dated February IS. 1S99, saying:
"After havlnsr been informed by the scouts
commanded by such olflcers as Sissbee, Jew
ell and Wise that, although they had been off
Santiago for a week, they had Been nothing of
Cervera's fleet since it left Curacao," and asked
whether he had given to Admiral Schley this
Information or any other Information concern-
Ing the Spanish fleet, the witness replied:
"I gave him no Information with reference to
the subject whatever."
"At the time you were within signaling dis
tance of the flagship of the flying squadron off
Santiago, were you at any time asked . any
questions by Commodore Schley as to the pres
ence of the Spanish squadron in Santiago?'
"Xot to my recollection."
"Do you recollect whether you went on board
the flagship Brooklyn at this time?"
"I did not go on board that day."
Captain Jewell said that when he had first
seen Admiral Schley's statement as to the In
formation he might have given concerning Cer
vera's fleet, he had written a letter to the de
partment denying that he had done so. Objec
tion was made to this line of testimony, and it
was not persisted in. The witness said in reply
*••» a question from Raynor that he had no
knowledge that Captain Sigsbee, speaking for
himself and Cantalns Jewell and Wise, stated
to Commodore Schley on the 26th at Santiago
that neither he (the witness) nor Wise nor
himself (Sigsbee) had seen anything or knew
anything of the movements or whereabouts of
the Spanish fleet. Nor did he know whether
Captain Slgsbee wrote a letter to Commodore
Schley stating that that was a fact.
Mixed as to Distances.
The court here asked a question which opened
up the coaling question. The question was:
"How faV cquld the Minneapolis have gone
with , her 400 teas of coal at the time you
stater* \u25a0
"If I had bunjed 4C0 tons of coal I would
have made something like twelve or thirteen
hundred miles. Iliat would have left the bunk
ers empty. I was burning about ninety-five
tons a day, and on that making fourteen or fif
teen knots."
Drawing from Captain Jewell the fact that
the distance from Santiago to Key West is 850
miles, Mr. Raynor said:
"In view of what you said just now, will you
explain the signals I read: '8:30 p. m.. May 26,
flagship to the Minneapolis: Have you enough
coal to go to Key West?* 'Minneapolis to flag
ship: Just enough.' How do you explain
that?"
"I am giving my recollection at the time. As
I said, my coa! supply was reduced, and I was
concerned. There were a great many signals
being made, and I replied to the signal without
consulting the coal amount particularly, and I
considered that three days" steaming was about
the limit I could safely go."
"There is an error her* of about five to six
hundred miles. Eight hundred 1300 or 1400 are
very different."
"I estimated the distance I could steam. I
did not usually r provide for burning every ounce
of coal in the bunkers, and, \u25a0 furthermore, we
have got to allow for contingencies. I was
hauling the fines from the boilers very cften
on account of the leaks, starting fresh fires in
other boilers. My coal expenditure was vari
ab'o. T <culd j.*t d-pend ima it.'.* ltl . ..... . ,
"Then at thii time you Just had enough, ac
cording to thes signals, to go to Key West?"
"I arrived 13 Key West with less than 100
tons of coal on board."
Captain Jewe I was then excused and Captain
McCalla was retailed for the purpose of correct
ing his testimcty. While he was on the stand
the court aske; him two questions, which, to
gether with thi replies, were as follows:
By the court- -Was there any place in the vi
cinity of Cape Cruz where large vessels could
have found protection from westerly or south
westerly winds?
"There was no place where the larger ships
could take protection from westerly and south
westerly winds. The prevailing winds were
from the east and a southwesterly wind is of
short duration In that vicinity and means
change of direction to the north very quickly."
By the court— Had the fleet of Cervera been
In the harbor of Cienfuegos, could it have been
seen by the vessels blockading that port?
"I should say The upper part of the
masts might have been seen if they had been
in the stretch of the river where It turns to the
east, but I should not expect to have found
them there. If they were behind the hill they
could not have been seen, in my opinion."
Captain McCalla was then excused finally and
the court adjourned for luncheon.
Admiral Evans Talks.
When the court convened for the afternoon
session Bear Admiral Robley D. Evans, who
as captain commanded the battleship Iowa
during the battle off Santiago, was called to
the witness stand. He stated that he had first
joined the flying squadron off Cienfuegos on
Hay 22 at 1 p. m., when he took the dispatches
from Admiral Sampson to Commodore Schley
by his executive officer. Commander Rogers,
he not seeing the commodore himself As the
dispatches were sealed he did not. know their
contents.
Judge Advocate— Please state what. If any
thing, was done while this squadron was off
Onfuegos toward developing the fact as to
whether the Spanish squadron under Admiral
Cervera was or was not in the harbor of Cien
fuegos.
"There was nothing done so far as I know."
"What, if anything, within your knowledge
was done toward destroying or preventing the
further completion of the enemy's batteries in
the vicinity of Cienfuegos?" * ln
"Sn Sunday afternoon I am quite sure Com
modore Schley formed his squadron in columns
and stood Jn to a range of about a mile and
a half from shore, made a turn and stood out
again. That is the only thing I know of."
"Was any attack made upon the enemy or bv
the enemy at that time?" '
- "No. sir; they all got up and stood on the
breastworks and looked at us. We steamed'
out again. There was no firing on either side "
"Were you then within range of, the bat
teries ln the vicinity of Cienfuegos with the
heavier guns of your ship?"
"I did not see any batteries. There wu a
work they were completing there."
"Were you within range of this?"
"Quite easy range; yes."
"Th» battery of the Iowa consisted of what?"
• "Four twelve-inch, eight eight-inch and
twelve four-Inch guns." . . -
"Were those embryo batteries within range
of your eight-inch guns when you steamed ln?"
"They were within easy range."
"Were they within range of the four-Inch
gun*?"
"I should think so; yes."
"Did the Iowa coal ship while ln Clenrueros
and If so. how much did she taker*
"We took In 250 tons of coal on the 23d. "We
began about 7 ln the morning and stopped at 6
In the afternoon.- We took coal from a collier
alongside, the Merrimac. I think." . -
Admiral E%'ans said that he had coaled the
Iowa from the IMerrlmac on May 23, while off
Cienfuegos, and that he had had no difficulty
ln doinr so. J
Speaking of tHe report of the condition of
the weather mad* by the Iowa on May 24 and
25. thn witness said that on the evening of the
24th It was squally; that on the morning of the
2Sth the sky was . overcast, and that the
weath'r was again squally; ln th« afternoon it
wns worse, there b*lng considerable rain with
a long sea.
Bombardment of the Colon.
He ftald that after leaving : Cienfuegos the
\u25a0vwiRel had' steamed - to a point .about thirty
miles south of "Santiago, arriving there on the
evening of the 26th, and at that . time the
squadron was heading to the east. The
weather at that time, he said, was -not such
as to prevent th<» coaling of ships at that date
The Iowa at that time had about 825 tons of'
coal aboard or sufficient for steaming 3000
miles.
On blockade the ship used thirty or forty
tons of coal a day. \u25a0 . .:-.- • , \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0* . . •
"Why- was the retrograde movement made?"
asked Judge Advocate L*mly.
I do not know,*' was the reply.
The witness said he could hav« • coaled at
sea*? 11 the 27 th. as the sea was smooth.
™ iJrft *S y 4 ffort , ma<! * by the'flylngr squadron
on May 28. 29 or 30 to communicate with the
insurgents' on shore near Santiago?" *7
"None to my knowledge "
Testifying that he had first seen the Colon
on May 29. Admiral Evans said that vf«il
was not inside the harbor at all. but was
about 1300 yards Inside the Morro. "
He then detailed the particulars of the bom
bardment of the Colon en May 31. saying That
on the forenoon of that d«y Commodore Rchl*y
had f Unaled to transfer the flag to the Massa
rvv"n K * iJ?* w«« »rn!n* \u25a0 In to engage the
r f* ; ,rwcrlt>inp tlipt engagement, the wit-
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Noted Officer Who Commanded the Iowa Tells
of the Bombardment of the Colon and the
Famous Battle Off Santiago.
Congressmen Who Have the Interests of the Mer
chant Marine at Heart Are Trying to
Overcome Former Objections.
"FIGHTING BOB" EVANS
BEFORE THE SCHLEY COURT
NEW SHIP SUBSIDY BILL
IS NOW BEING PREPARED
"Southern Pacific, special train leaves
San 'I Francisco, December <• 18th, : Los'. 1 An
geles December »19th>~ reaching Mexico . in.
timo for the . Holiday Celebrations. Round
trip, " San Francisco, , $80:'- "•' Los "Angeles
$70. -Personally conducted.- Dining car.
Pullman sleepers. Limits 60 days.. ; Low
side trip rates, -v Optional -: Itineraries.
Make reservations 613 Market street; San
Francisco, .261; South^ Spring, street, Los
Angeles."-':,.'.: ••":"/ .•\u25a0'"", . > - ;
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
TMiU SAK JfKANUlSGO CAJAj, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1901.
Hundreds of Clerical and Lay Delegates Will Arrive To^Day and
Great Council of the Church Will Convene To-Morrbw*
EPISCOPAL CONVENTION TO OPEN
WITH A PROCESSION OF BISHOPS
3
ADVEBTISEMENT^ '\u25a0
BAD COMPLEXION.
The skin is tbe seat of an almost end-
less variety of diseases. They are knewu *
by various names, but are all due to the
same cause, acid and other poisons in
the blood that irritate and interfere with
the proper action of the skin.
To have a smooth, soft skin, free from!
all eruptions, the blood must be kept pure
and healthy. The many preparations 'of
arsenic and potash and the large number
of face powders and lotions generally
used in this class of diseases cover up
for a short time, but cannot remove per-
manently the ugly blotches and the red,
disfiguring pimples.
Eternal vigilance is tho prioo
of a boautilui compjpxion
when such remedies are relied on.
Mr. H. ; T. Shobe, 2704 1,ucas A venne, St Lom'3,
Mo., says : " Sfy daughter was r.f2:ct<"<1 for years _
with a disfiguring eruption on her face, wl-.. 3
resisted all treatment. She was taXen to tv-r>
celebrated health springs, but received no ben«r*
fit. Many medicines were prescribed, but witb~ •
out result, until we decided to try S. S. &.', and ':>•/
the time the first bottle was finished the erupti>a '\u25a0
began to disappear. A dozen botrles cured her •"".
completely and left her siin perfectly sruooitr.
She is now seventeen years old, an.J not a «i?n o<
the embarrassing disease has ever returned.'* .
\ S.' S. S. is a positive, ur.f ailing cure for
the worst forms of skin troubles." It is
the' greatest of all blood purifiers, and the
only one guaranteed purely vegetable..
Bad blood makes bad complexions.
S\&^ |C^ rates the old a?id
ma^ es new » r ' c * a blocwl
kJoK*JEa that nourishes the
skin active^ and , Healthy and in proper >
condition to perform its part towards .
carrying off the impurities from the b«dy.-'
~ If you have Eczema, Tetter, Acne; Salt"'
Rheum, Psoriasis, or your skin isrough*
and pimply, send for our book on Blood
and Skin Diseases; and write' our physi-""
cians about your case, iso charge -wnatp \
CV SW1FT SPECIFIC C0*MPANY. ATIANT*. 'CA.A square deal is just as broad as It is
long. , • \u25a0 .
May Lynch the Fellow.
HELENA, Mont., Sept. 30.-nJames B.
Grady, alias A. J. Ully. an ex-convict,
\u25a0who served a term in the penltentiarv
years ago for horse stealing, was arrested
to-day charged with enticing away ana
assaulting Hazel Pugsley, aged five yeara.1
The child was mlssinar for five) hours and
\u25a0when she returned told her mother a ter
rible story of suffering. Grady or UUy
is about 45 years of age and has been em
ployed as section foreman in this vicinity.
.The Sheriff Is taking unusual precautions
to guard the prisoner, as there is aom*
talk of lynching.
- •\u25a0• \u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0 ,-';»
One rarely finds these days anything
good without a string: to It.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3O.-Secretary of the
Treasury Gage, who is spending a few
days at the home of his son in Evanston
before going to Colorado to spend his va
cation, said in regard to the present
large surplus in the Treasury:
The prosperous condition of the country mast
be moat gratifying. The decrease in the ex
penditures of the Government, however, 1» a
salient factor In the Increase In the *ur:!u»
in the last three months. From June 3A, 301
to September 26, the revenue amounted to
J136.0CO.000. The expenditures during this time
were $121,000,000. This left an excess of nnrly
$15,000,000. During the same period in 1900 the
receipts were $133,000,000 and the expenditures
the same.' Of course, the fact must be taXen
Into consideration that the revenue for the last
three months was under the lowered schedule,
so that the $136,000,000 receipts this year repre
sents a larger amount of business transacted
than during the same time last year, when tha
$139,000,000 was received.
It was estimated when • the present revised
revenue law was put In force on. July I that
the revenue receipts from all sources would
fall off some $40,000,000 by reason of the re
ductions made. If that had been* realized the
receipts since that time would have teen $7,500 -
000 less, or $128,500,000. Notwithstanding the
reduction in. taxes. the> receipts- h.ve dimin
ished by less than $3,000,000 from what trey
were a year ago, while the expen<tures ba\s
decreased by over Jl«,000,(l00 for;tba a*ma
period.
\u25a0 Up to the present time, bowvrcrJie aecun~
latien of money in tne Treasury; w &,".-'*. -,»nul<S
be the natural effect at this time, has been
more than overcome by the purchase of bonds
In t*ie open market by the Government. Dur
ing the last three months there have been
bought bonds having a face value of }19.50O.0Ov.
for \u25a0which over $34,000,000 was paid. Th« actual
cash in the Treasury has thus been reduced,
and the present excess of revenues over ex
penditures taken care, of for the time beln*
Receipts From Revenue
Are Far in Excess of
Expenditurea
Order of business— Forty-first District. I*. H.
Mooser (chairman); Twenty-eighth. J. Gor
man; Twenty-ninth. Thomas M. O'Conner:
Thirtieth, John Tomalty; Thirty-first, Edward
Toomey: Thirty-second. 11. C. McGrath;
Thirty-third. Charles Ward: Thirty-fourth,
James, G. Meehan; Thirty-fifth, William A.
Kelly; Thirty-sixth, Stephen J. Crowley;
Thirty-seventh, William J. Phelan; Thirty
eighth, J. W. Lewis; Thirty-ninth, John C.
Quinlan; Fortieth, Thomas Prendergast; Forty
second A. Baenberg; Forty-third. James Neil;
Forty-fourth. Giovanni Bacigalupl; Forty-flfth,
George A. Kelley. \u25a0• . ; . •
\u25a0 Platform i and . resolutions— Forty-second Dis
trict. -Louis de F- Bartlett (chairman); Twen
ty-eighth, A. Ohisen: Twentp-ninth,. "W. C-
Cavitt; Thirtieth, Charles McMenomy; Thtrty
nrst, John P. Enright: Thlrty-fecond, Joseph
P. Gallagher; Thirty-third. G»<irge R. Code;
Thirty-fourth. Charles L. Healey; Thirty-fifth.
Louis Ferrari: Thirty-sixth. Vllllam E. Du
bese; Thirty-seventh, Charles > A. Swelgert;
Thirty-eighth, Leo Kaufman;! Thirty-ninth.
W. W. McN'air: Fortieth. Lods T. Samuels;
Forty-first. Stephen Potter: Fcrty-third, Eus
tace Cullinan: Forty-fourth. J. W. Rlley;
Forty-flfth, Dan J. Suter.
Committee on certificates of nomination— R.
P. Troy (chairman), A. W. Thompson and
George A. Connolly.
The committee on order of business •will
meet at the office of Chairman I*. H.
Mooser, 320 Sansome street, at 4:30 o'clock
this afternoon; the committee on plat
form and resolutions at the office of the
chairman, 530 California street, this after
noon at 2 o'clock, and the committee on
certificates of nomination at the office of
the chairman in the Mills building at 5
o'clock this afternoon. The committee on
appointment of . Supervisors has not -yet
been named.
After the adjournment of the conven
tion Chairman McGee announced the ap
pointment of the committees, as follows:
Motions to name a committee of
eighteen, one from each Assembly Dis
trict on. order of business and a similar
ly constituted committee on platform and
resolutions were quickly passed. .
Maguire suggested the appointment of
a committee of seven on nominations for
Supervisors. This motion was adopted.
At the suggestion of the chair a motion
was made to appoint a \ committee of
three lawyers, delegates to the conven
tion, to prepare the necessary certificates
of nomination for presentation to the
Registrar of Voters. All, went through
without debate and in less than forty
minutes of work the convention ad
journed until Wednesday night. The
motion to adjourn in respect to the mem
ory of the late President McKinley was
then carried by a rising vote.
Committees Are Named.
AUSTIN, Texas, Sept. 30.— The commu
nity of interests spirit which has recent
ly shown such great advancement .in
Mexico Is likely to receivo a severe shock
before long. It is reported on reliable
authority that President Diaz is consid
ering the advisability of putting a check
on the growth of the trusts in that
country by issuing an official decree pro
hibiting such practices. He has been ap
pealed to for relief by many mine own
ers, who allege that the American Mining
and Smelting Company, in Its effort to
control the output and price of ores, has
closed down without cause some of the
best mines in the Sierra Mojada and
other mining districts of the republic. It
is also stated. that the independent mine
owners are placed at the mercy of the
trust and are without relief, as all the
smelters in Mexico are In the gigantic
organization. It Is said that President
Diaz does not look -with favor upon the
movement to consolidate the railroad
lines of Mexico into one or two groups.
He believes that such action will
tend to prevent the extension of
the existing systems, and to re
.tard the development of the coun
try. There is some talk that he will not
approve the recent purchase of the Mon
terey and Mexican Gulf Railroad by the
Mexican Central Railway Company.
Trusts were recently formed of the prin
cipal cigarette factories and many of the
larger soap factories of Mexico- A move
ment is now on foot to organize the
breweries and cotton mills Into trusts.
ence to the memory of the martyr Presi
dent. Action upon his suggestion was
taken later at the appropriate time.
Thomas W. Hickey of the Thirty-first
District was named for secretary by
George A. Connolly of the Fortieth Dis
trict. Hickey was elected by acclama
tion.
SURPLUS FUNDS
PUT INTO BONDS
DURBAN, Natal, Sept. 30.— A force of
1500 Boers commanded by General Botha
made an attack which lasted all ; day
long, September 26. on Fort Itala. on the
border of Zululand. The burghers were
finally repulsed, but at a heavy cost to
tne garrison, whose losses were an omc°r
and . «!f.Y en men killed and five offlcprs"
and thirty-eight men wounded. In addi
u? sixty-three men are missing. O f
which number many are believed to have
been killed or wounded
r,iT h AJ! o t r Oppennan and
been killed e " kn ° Wn tO bav *
British success at Fort Itaia la now
££?*»£? * Ve £ een neater than was at
?F« t '/ epo I ted - Two hundred Boers werS
S SptSW 1Ore thaQ *" were ™™ded
LONDoJlLoct. l.-"Mr. Kruger " says
a dlspatcnm the Daily Mall from b££
sels. "has abandoned the idea of senffi
?Tnu e JS S U IO r t( \ th , e P»«tdent of thl
United States, having- ascertained that
Lose Two Hundred Killed and
Many More "Wounded or
Captured.
Fears That" the Plan Means
the Retarding of the
Growth of Mexico.
Does Not Favor Project
to Consolidate the
Railroads.
Attack British at Port
Itala on the Border
of Zululand.
PRESIDENT DIAZ
OPPOSES TRUSTS
BOERS SUFFER
A HEAVY LOSS
atmosphere was cold without the conven
tion hall. The crowd that gathered con
sisted mainly j of delegates and several
members of the- present Board of Super
visors seeking renomination. Not half a
hundred spectators were in the galleries.
Democratic administration. He deplored
the labor strike and expressed the hope
that it was not yet too late to find a
means of settlement. He also referred to
the death of President McKinley and ex
pressed the hope that when the conven
tion adjourned it would do so in rever-
San Francisco Council of the Order of
Americus at its meeting: on the 2Uh of
September had a good attendance to wit- '
rjc-ss the initiation of a number of candi
dates into the mysteries of the order in a
manner that is most interesting and fully
illustrates the principles O f thl organlza^
tion The order Is -moving alone inthis
iurlsdution and the membership of 25
idSSd'tS" CouucU is beIn £ continually!
Order of Americus.
TEENTOX, N. J., Sept. 30.— Xot in years
has the night before a State Convention
been characterized by so much activity as
was fchown by the hundreds of delegates
who ure here to take part in to-morrow's
Democratic State Convention to nominate
a candidate for Governor. Major Sey
mour-of Newark, who is making a light
for the nomination. Is not here yet
Former United States Senator Smith is
opposing Seymour's nomination and ex-
Congressman Thomas Farrell, who is Sey.
mour's strongest opponent, has estab
lished headquarters. Colonel Price, one
of Seymour's supporters, expressed con
fidence to-night that Seymour would be
nominated. - - '
Seymour May Be Chosen.
Navy— Theo«ior« I. Thompson, - pay director,
rank of caotaJn. Hiram E. Drury. cay In
spector, r?nk of commander; Joseph F. Feift,
paymaster, rank, of • lieutenant: George R.
\ enable. Tueed %esietant paymaster, rank of
li'-utenant, junior 'ci-ade; Charlee Morris Jr.
and John \\. Morsf^ passed assistant paymas
ter*, rank of li»ut«>n»pt. junior jrrad?: George
£i~ . „\u25a0 " e " tenal it Scommander: Percy N.
p nLL M ' warrant machinists: Vista
?« a Tn- T?»rK «^ n .^ r: Winiam Johnson, boat-
P?A2; ?\u25a0«»«£. J5 lkir V ! ' William F.
epejer. lieutenant colonel Marine Corps.
PRODUCTION OF BBAtfDY
FBOM FB.TJTT REFUSE
Industry That Is Assuming Large
Proportions in Santa Clara •
County.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 3O.-The making of
brandy from fruit refuse is rapidly in
creasing in Santa Clara County and thl
product for 1901 is estimated by Uni»«>*
States Gauser Wiiley at 50,000 «™ no,?,?
Uhis is double that ot last year. For manC
years this kind of brandy has been 'mad* '
but of late there has been a tremendous
increase in its production. "^enaous
Peach, pear and apricot skins, small
sizes of prunes and other waste are gath
cred from the various canneries and dis
tilled. The brandy is of an inferior qual
ity, but its cheap pric<* creates a ready
market for it. It retails at from $1 50 to
$2 50 a gallon, of which price the Govern
ment receives $1 10 per proof gallon.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— The Presi
dent, to-day made the following appoint
mentp: .:.--. ---..\u25a0
of Captain.
Theodor^ I. Thompson Is Named as a
Pay Director With the Rank
PRESIDENT SUBMITS LIST. .,
OF APPOINTMENTS TO NAVY
A MAJORITY of the delegates to
the Democratic Municipal Con
vention, which' met last night at
Odd Fellows' Hall, made a con
spicuous display of overcoats.
The political air was chill within and the
LOCAL LEADING LIGHTS OF THE DEMOCBJVTIC PARTY EXPOUND JEFFERSONIAN PRINCIPLES IN THE
MUNICIPAL CONVENTION THAT OPENED LAST NIGHT AT ODD FELLOWS' HALL AND THEN QUIT BUS
INESS TEMPORARILY BEFORE ANY DEFINITE RESULT IS ACCOMPLISHED.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 30.— Ira J. Pendle
ton, a motorman, committed suicide to
day at the home of his parents by shoot
ing himself in the head. He was in de
spair over his failure to overcome the
liquor habit. »
Drink Drives Him to Suicide.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 30.— Governor
Durbln this after-noon informed the Ken
tucky officials here with a requisition
for Governor Taylor and William S. Fin
ley that he would not render a decision
for a week.
Kentucky Officer Will Have to Wail.
In their applications for letters testa
mentary Judge Day and Secretary Cor
lelyou say that the amount of personal
property left by the late President will
be about $140,000 and of real estate about
$70,<W!. aggregating about $210,000.
Mrs. McKinley remains in about the
saxue condition. She took her usual out
ing-s to-day.
CANTON. Ohio. Sept. 30.— The will of
President McKinley was admitted to pro
bate to-day by Probate Judge August.
In pursuance of the wishes of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and upon her signed recommen
dation the. court appointed Judge William
R. Day and Secretary George B. Cortel
yem administrators. A joint administra
tors' bond of $100,000 was filed.
Appointed Administrators on Rec
ommendation of Mrs. McKinley.
Judge Day and Secretary Cortelyou
WTLL OF LATE PRESIDENT
IS ADMITTED TO PROBATE
FRESNO, Sept. 30.— There was a smart
shower last night, amounting to .48 of an
inch and .58 for the two showers so far
this season. The weather is cloudy and
threatening:, with the forecast for' prob
able showers to-night and to-morrow/ The
weather bureau gave ample warning yes
terday, so that all vineyardists who di#
not stack their trays with curing grapes
have none but themselves to blame if
any damage resulted. The shower will
have the effect of further retarding the
already late opening of the raisin season
In the packing houses and reducing the
output of standard raisins. The estimate
is that the raisin crop will be only two
thirds.
Rain Delays Raisin Packing.*
NEW YORK, Sept. SO.— The American
clipper ship Iroquois arrived in port this
afternoon dismasted and with con
siderable damage about her decks,
caused by her encounter with a. hur
ricane in the North Atlantic. Captain
Thompson reported that September 19, in
latitude 18.50 north, longitude 53 west, the
weather became very threatening, accom
panied by hurricane squalls. At 6 a. m.
the ship was struck by a terrific squall,
which carried away the mizzen mast
about twenty feet from the deck. The
falling spars carried away the main top
masthead, and the spars and rigging
came tumbling down on deck, smashing
the port lifeboat, the port side and rail
of the afterhouse, and doing considerable
damage about the decks. None of the
crew was injured. The vessel was hove
to and the decks cleared of wreckage,
when she proceeded on her course. All
went well until September 26, when the
ship ran into a violent hurricane, blowing
with great fury for two days. Captain
Thompson was again obliged to heave to
for thirty-eight hours and lost his main
lower topsail end staysail. On the 27th
the ship resumed the voyage, carrying a
strong breeze up to Barnegat.
The Iroquois Arrives in New York
Considerably Damaged by a North
Atlantic Hurricane.
AMERICAN CLIPPER SHIP
DISMASTED IN A STORM
Tinted States Infantry, on duty at West-
Uiwn Cemetery, guarding the resting place
i f President McKinley, worked diligently
:o-day investigating the strange story in
which Private Deprend, who was on duty
at the top of the vault Sunday night, fig
ured so prominently. The military regula
tions which prevented the officers and j
men from making detailed statements
concerning the incidents last night were
as rig-idly observed to-day.
All of the commissioned officers and
members of the company in general last
night accepted fully the story related by
Private Dfprerd.and really believed that
prowlers were about the vault with no
good purpose. To-day only one of the
commissioned officers adhered to the be
lief that an assault had been made upon
the sentinel by ghouls. He said:
It was the real thing: it was prompted by the
pure cussedness of some people who thought to
bring reijr'.ach upon the nation by doing dam
ape to the resting place of the dead Presi
dent.
All the men who were seen to-day ex
pressed the belief that Private Deprend
acted in good faith and that he related
only what he believed to be the real facts.
"With the captain and others he went over
the details of the whole affair at least a
dozen times and it is said never varied in
a matter of irnDortance.
Particular inauiry was made as to liis
sobriety at the lime, and it is said that
it is established beyond all reasonable
doubt that he had not been drinking and
that he was in his normal condition. The
most common belief is that the sentinel
was overwrought by the loneliness of his
position, that his nerves were overtaxed
and that imagination contributed some of
the details related in good faith. ' The
post was regarded by all as particularly
isolated and depressing to the man guard
ing it at night and it is said more senti
nels will be stationed at the point in the
future.
Captain Biddle thanked the reporters for
•what he called the fair manner in which
the incident had been described In the
morning papers, saying they gave a full
and complete statement of facts so far
as revealed last night. He was fully con
vinced last night of the truth of the story
as related, but after investigation enter
tained doubts, not of the sincerity of
Private Deprend, but of the correctness
of the conclusions.
Captain Biddle authorized this state
ment:
I think the sentinel deceived himself on the
occurrence. I do not think an actual attack
as related by him occurred. When, daylight
came there was no evidence found of a strug
gle. .
The matter had been reported in full
to General Otis at Chicago, commanding
the department to which the guard is at
tached. Whether there will be a formal
inquiry into the matter remains for Gen
eral Otis to determine. Officers at the
cemetery express the hope that inasmuch
as no actual harm had been done no
formal action would be taken.
Sergeant Cook, who was reported to
have heard remarks Sunday afternoon
rniong visitors, further explained as fol
lows :
1 w' a £ OI 1 duty at the uard tent "ear the
vault Sunday afternoon. There were three
funerals at the cemetery and many people
2-assed all the time. Three men, representative
looking inn, such as come by scores every day
g?iK*-to me. One man cald he d!<J not see the
UEe of all this fuss; that no one would try
to do any harm now. The third man said he '
\u25a0nss mistaken: that there were lots of people !
T.-ho would like to see the whole thlnr blown
up. No, I had «iot then nor have I now any
enspiclon that any .of these men would have
sny interest In or would sympathize with any
»ct of violence. I think they were epeaking
of the disposition of other classes who might
be prompted to such acts.
CANTON. Ohio, Sept. 30.— The officers
:iiid men of Company C. of the Fourteenth
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W. f WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— President
Roosevelt to-day received from the Treas
ury Department his first pay as Presi
dent. It was a check for $2017 74, and Is
the pay for seventeen days of the month
of September. • The estate of President
McKinley will be paid a check for $1856 88.
There was a good, deal of discussion In
the treasury about these checks and ex
actly how to divide them. President Mc-
Kinley died early on the morning of Sep
tember 14, and President Roosevelt took
oath that day. Under the law Roosevelt
must be paid. the salary of President from
and Including the day he took the oath of
office. The question was not this, how
ever. For a number of years each Presi
dent has been paid monthly one-twelfth
of $50,000 a year, the only case in the Gov
ernment service in which the regular sal
ary table was not followed. By this sys
tem President McKinley received $4166 66
for two months in every quarter and
$4166 67 for the third month of the quar
ter, making the total for the quarter $12,
500. As September was the third month
of the quarter the salary for that month
was $4166 67. Divided by thirty days the
proportion going to President Roosevelt
would have been $2361 and to the estate
of the dead President $1SO5 44. The Audi
tor's office insisted on a division on the
basis that President Roosevelt should re
ceive seventeen-ninety-seconds of the en
tire salary for the third quarter of a year,
there being ninety-two days in that quar
ter.
Nothing Found to Corrobrate
Story of Attack on Mc-
K'nley Vault.
Balanc3 of the September
. Salary Goes to Estate of
Dead Magistrate.
Sentinel Deprend Allows
His Nerves to Play
Him False.
Chief Executive Receives
Check for Seventeen
Days' Services.
ANARCHIST TALE
PROVES UNTRUE
HIS FIRST PAY
AS PRESIDENT
4
THE SA^T FHANGISCO^ CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1901.
DEMOCRATS MEET IN MUNICIPAL
CONVENTION, BUT SOON ADJOURN
Permanent Organization Is Effected by the Appointment of Com
mittees to Arrange Order of Business to Be Followed.
A small crowd. gathered about the main
exit.
It was 9 o'clock when Jasper McDon
ald called the convention to order. Secre
tary Hickey called the roll as certified to
by Registrar Walsh, but eighty of the ac
credited delegates failed to answer to
their names. There was a contest in sev
eral districts where opposing delegations
received the same number of votes. A
system was evolved by which each con
testant was allowed half a vote. A con
flict was thus avoided.
A. S. 'Maguire named "W. J. McGee of
the Forty-flfth District as permanent
chairman. There was no opposition to
this and after the perfunctory motions
required by the election statutes had
been complied with Mccfee took the chair.
He said the honor was unsought, that he
would administer justice "with special
privileges to none and equal rights to
all." (
He reviewed the history of the present
if ,, 11 % heroic for a woman to suffer in silence but a study of her face in the looking-glass must convince her it fc not possible to hide her T^jk
HI trouble. These pictures represent the faces of millions of women who are suffering today. They suffer in silence, but the lines and crow-tracks 1||
III show that pain— the pain nearly always caused by "female troubles" — is there. Do you expect to suffer the ap*onie5 of female ills every month jj£]
it during your life? If you do suffer, it will be because you choose to suffer. Did you ever stop to consider how little effort you are making to §1
||1 secure health? Do you really want to be well? No woman has made every effort to gain health, "when she has not tried Wine of Cardui. |||
Hi Fen ? aIe troubles wear out the life of a woman. Menstrual pain so shatters her nervous system that she is often brought near to the asylum or M
ft! the grave. These frightful alternatives are the almost inevitable results of prolonged suffering. Every woman should understand that M
jg| deranged menses cause headaches, backaches, nausea and derangements of the stomach, bowels and kidneys. W'm& of Cardui stops all this by B'
H regulating the menses and strengthening the ligaments which hold the womb in place. This pure Wine has completely relieved 1,000,000 fl
||f women of menstrual pain, giving them strong nerves and rugged health. This medicine has demonstrated that it is not necessary for a jsL
f^~" i * *' • » * I i* f'f* ' ' ' •\u25a0\u25a0!.. \u25a0 r-...; . \u25a0 , - . - . \u25a0 i . -.,\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0-..' \u25a0\u25a0'.--\u25a0.,\u25a0' y.tv* vijiVy * A • • \u25a0' XuS] * A O • JL *7 U X • **--\u25a0€
p5 ' I will at least write a few lines to let you, know how I am enjoying life after taking Wine of Cardui. I can say your good medicine has done me more "good in the thirteen ff
months I have been taking it, than all the doctors and their medicines have in all my long suffering, which has been 21 years. I can eat at the usual times and sleep like a child I have EM
||| no pain at my monthly period, so I feel like a new woman. I advise.all siqUy. women to use Wine of Cardui. I never will stop using it. . Mrs. FANNIE DUCK. $fCITIZENS WHO WERE .PROM
INENT IN THE REPUBLICAN
MUNICIPAL CONVENTION.
Suitor and Sweetheart
Are Slain by Jealous
Brothers.
DESOTO. Mo., Sept. 30.— After being
\u25a0wea-ted eight hours William Greenhill to
night made a confession to Prosecuting
Attorney Williams, in which he saj-s his
brother, Daniel Greenhill, killed their
Bister, Mrs. Sadie TJren, and her suitor,
John Meloy. The confession says that the
brothers objected to Meloy's attention to
thntr sister because he was a spendthrift
and wanted to marry Mrs. Uren for her
money. On the night of the murder, Sat
urday last, Daniel entered the room of
Mrs. "Uren, according to the confession,
and found the woman sitting on Meloy's
lap. In a fit of rage Greenhill grabbed
a hatchet and sunk it Into the skull of
Meloy, after which he brained his sister.
He then took a revolver from Meloy's
pocket and fired into the wounds he had
inflicted with the hatchet.
After the confession a warrant was
sworn out for the arrest of Calip Andrews
as an accessory, and he was arrested.
The confession does not implicate An
drews, but it intimates that he was a wit
ness to the murder. Andrews inquired
anxiously of the prosecutor if he would be
treated more leniently If he made a stated
ment, and it 13 believed he will confess
to-morrow. The Greenhills and Andrews
are heavily guarded to-night.
The trio will be taken to Hillsboro to
morrow morning to prevent lynching, as
tr-» feeling is intense.
* John Meloy belonged to a good family.
It was generally understood that he was
to marry Mrs. Uren, and It is known
that the match was not pleasing to the
woman's brothers.
Mrs. Uren was the daughter of Robert
Greenhlll, a prosperous citizen. She kept
several fine horses, owned much property
and dressed in the height of fashion.
What seems to be the absence of a sense
of humor Is often merely the presence of
a sense of propriety.
We declare that Henry T. Gage as Governor
of the State of California has kept the prom
ises he made to the people and upon the faith
of •which • he waa elected. He has truly ful
filled his pledge that "neither corporation nor
individuals would be allowed to tamper with
or corrupt public office." He has demonstrat
ed the courage of his convictions and has given
We also commend the members of the last
Legislature of this State for their earnest en
deavors and untiring efforts in reducing the
appropriations for the various departments of
this State.
Resolved. That we express our unbounded
confidence in his ability to maintain the su
premacy of the United States among the na
tions of the world; be It further
Resolved. By the representatives of the Re
publican party In municipal convention assem
bled that we commend the present Republican
administration of the State of California as
one of the best the people of this State have
ever had.
Resolved, By the Republican party of the
city and county of San Francisco, in conven
tion assembled, that It hereby indorses his dec
laration of Intention to continue and execute
the Republican principles and policy of our
late President. William McKlnley, and be it
further
Whereas. The Hon. Theodore Roosevelt has
ascended to the Presidency of the United
States, be it
To the Republican municipal convention:
Tour committee on platform and resolutions
recommend the adoption of the following reso
lutions:
Chairman Riordan, upon calling the con
vention to order, recognized General War
field, chairman of the platform commit
tee, whom . he announced would • read a
sypplemental report of that body". The
resolution, which was commendatory of
Governor Gage and his administration,
follows^:
ernor Gage's administration was
also indorsed. General R. H. \u25a0Warfleld
went to the front and center and sub
mitted from the committee on platform
a supplemental report wherein Gage was
exalted as a great and good Republican
Governor. • The committee In preparing
the original report quite forgot or Inten
tionally Ignored the existence of the Gov
ernor, and he never would have been men
tioned in the annals of the convention If
The Call had not gone to his rescue. This
paper did not stop to Inquire whether the
omission was by accident or design, but
insisted that the committee on resolutions
should hand out a package to Gage even
If the offering resembled a gold brick.
For rawness of work and tor dumb, list
less, tame submission to a boss pro
gramme nothing In the history of politics
in this city quite equals the record made
by the Republican local convention at
B'nai B'rith Hall last night. Delegates
bowed their heads in shameful acquies
ence.
There was no spirit or enthusiasm In
the business: The blanket was so wet
and cold that every sign of vitality was
extinguished. The nomination of Asa R.
Wells was received in a cheerless, unre
sponsive manner. As there was no other
candidate, the ballot of the convention
was cast for him in perfunctory style.
And so it went all along the line. Not a
word of protest was uttered against the
execution of the programme agreed upon
at the Palace Hotel conferences, at which
W. F. Herrln and Colonel D. M. Burns
named the ticket. A shout of merriment
was the response to an unguarded ex
pression of Eugene Berri in placing Bert
Mahoney in nomination for County Clerk.
•He remarked that "everything was going
smoothly." The convention broke into
laughter, and Berri, trying to mend mat
ters by explaining that he was not think
ing of a slate, made the break more
laughable.
An amusing Incident occurred during
the session, which was appreciated by
the delegates and spectators who "caught
on." When the proceedings were well
under way in the densely packed hall,
Jasper McDonald, chairman of the Demo
cratic County Committee, slowly pressed
his way through the throng to the steps
of the stage. Some of the observers fan
cied that Mr. McDonald's presence was a
graceful compliment to the Republicans,
but when it transpired that he had come
to the B'nai B'rith Hall to open the
Democratic Convention, instead of hav
ing gone to Odd Fellows' Hall, where the
Democrats were assembling, the com
ment was amusing. Surely all political
delegations look alike to Jasper McDon
ald!
FIVE of the seven nominations
made by the Republican Conven
tion last night were forecasted by
Th« Call yesterday morning. Gov-
DOUBLE MURDER
STOPS MARRIAGE
TACOMA, Sept. SO.— Shanghai advices
state that the news from Singanfu con
firms the previous reports of the serious
ness of the famine In Shensi Province..
"Within the city there are seventy-two
kitchens constantly preparing millet
RTuel for the starving and yet the daily
death rate Is said to be more than TOO.
The Empress Dowager is so anxious that
relief be honestly administered that she
beheaded two officials found guilty of dis
honesty. She Is exceedingly popular with
the people because the presence of the
court has compelled the abolition of the
restriction that grain cannot be imported
from another province. Rice Is, therefore,
being bought in Honan Huphi and Sze
ohuan. Although the price Is ten times
the normal value the supply Is fairly reg
ular.
Rain has fallen, but not 20 per cent of
the land has been sown, as there are so
few animals and feed could not be bought.
This means a continuation of the desti
tution until the spring cf 1903— a very seri
ous outlook for the people In view of the
"winter's cold.
Famine fever Is raging- and claiming
victims. It is estimated by missionaries
that not less than 200,000 inhabitants of
Shensi will have perished by the time,
next season's crop is harvested.
In some towns the scenes of destitution
and starvation are appalling, being simi
lar to the famine situation in the worst
districts cf India. The dead are burled
many deep in long trenches and the
mourners are too weak and emaciated to
properly observe the funeral rites.
The entire Chinese court is saddened by
the destitution and some of its members
are making heroic efforts to relieve the
situation. The Empress r>owager herself
ha? several times assisted serving soup
arid rice to the si'.ffering. She daily en
courages the rendering cf all possible as
sistance and has set apart a portion of
all contributions of cash and produce
from other provinces for distribution
among the famine sufferers.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Ernpress Dowager Labors
Diligently to Save Lives
of Her People.
Delegates Meekly Accept the Rawest Programme Ever Presented,
but Display No Enthusiasm or Spirit iit Acquiescence— Not
a Single Opposing Candidate Mentioned.
to the people of California that which the Ke
publlcan State platform promised them— "an
economical administration of public affairs to
the end that taxation may be reduced to the
smallest rate commensurate with the needs of
the public welfare." We point with pride to
the fact that during that grave emergency
when the city was a scene of excitement by
reason of an alleged discovery of the exist
ence of the bubonlo plague the chief executive
of the State commenced an Independent Inves
tigation, and the result of his official inquiry
convinced the world that bubonic plague did
not then and never did exist within th« bor
ders of this State.
Adopt Committee's Report.
The report was adopted unanimously.
Lucius Solomons stepped upon the stage
after the adoption of General Warfleld's
report to nominate Auditor Asa R. Wells
for Mayor. Solomons paid Wells a
glowing tribute and said that he had
earned reward for his years of faithful
public service.
"It Is my pleasure, gentlemen of the con
vention," Bald Mr. Solomons, "to place In
nomination for the Chief Executive .of
San Francisco Mr. Asa R. Wells."
General Warfleld seconded the nomina
tion, declaring that he had no doubt that
Mr. Wells would be elected by a large
majority.
Edmund Tauszky moved the nominations
be closed and that the secretary cast the
that there - Is one , department at least in the
City > Hall \u25a0 that is run on business principles.
(Applause.) . ,
I have heard of no adverse criticisms. I be
lieve you have faith In me, and this is the best
evidence of all— that you have nominated me
for a higher office— the standard-bearer of your
ticket In this campaign. I said at that time
that I "Would do the best I could; I would at
tend to. business. I have done so. I can only
say that if I am elected to this office I will
attend to business [and do the best I can.
I have . read .•your platform very carefully. I
approve of It. It. is a good platform, and if
elected'I shall; try '. my.' best to carry it out in
every particular. .1 wish to say, gentlemen,
that I have made ho promises. I am going to
make no promises ' except to* you ' and all the
people that I will do the best I can if elected.
(Applause.)' I thank you for this' great honor
you have* conferred upon me and hope we will
meet again. - (Applause.)
Mahohey Takes the Stand.
A motion was made that the secretary
cast the ballot of the convention for Mr.
Mahoney, ,who waa placed In nomination
for County Clerk. This motion was passed
unanimously and- . the nominee was
escorted to the platform. Mr. Mahoney
indorsed the" platform and said he would
run the office in a business-like manner.
Nominations for. Sheriff being in order,
W. W. Shannon of the Forty-third Dis
trict named John Lackmann. Mr. Dlnkel
speil seconded • the nomination. There
being no further nominations the ballot
of the convention was cast by the secre
tary. .Sheriff Lackman was escorted to
the platform. In a short speech he thank
ed the convention for the nomination and
Indorsed the platform. :
Charles Doran placed John- E. McDougal
in nomination for Treasurer. He said Mr.
McDougal was a descendant of a Governor
of this State and for many years was
treasurer of the Federated Trades and
• that he was a native son and would surely
"'\u25a0be elected if nominated. The secretary
;-*cast the ballot of the convention for Mc
" Dougal and he was escorted to the plat-
Appalling Bavages of
Famine in Chinese
Province.
Fight With Dave Sulli
van Proves a Fast and
Furious One.
Gong Twice Saves the New
York Lad From Being
Counted Out.
LOUISVILLE, Sept. 30.— Kid Broad of
Cleveland was to-night given the decision
over Dave Sullivan of New York, after
twenty-five 6f the fastest rounds ever
seen here. ! The contest took place before
the* Southerrn Athletic Club and 5000 per
sons saw it. The men fought at 126 pounds
and both were In fine condition.
In the earlier rounds Sullivan waa the
aggressor, but did no damage. The Kid
got down. to business in the fifth round
and forced matters. The fifth was Broad's
all the way. He made Sullivan dance all
over the mat and got in some vicious
swings to the wind, kidneys and face.
Sullivan was apparently badly rattled. In
the sixth round Broad . landed a dozen
times to head and received several light
ones in return. In the seventh Sullivan
dropped a straight right on Broad's eye,
and that organ was soon all but closed.
. Th© eighth was the hottest round ever
seen here. They rushed at each other
with right and left swings, uppercuta,
straight rights and lefts and each made a
veritable chopping block of the other be
fore the referee could make them, break
under the rules.
In the ninth «round Broad received sev
eral hard straight rights on his damaged
eye. Honors were even in the tenth. The
eleventh round found Sullivan the aggres
sor. He did the better work as to points,
though . his blows lacked steam, in the
twelrth Sullivan was groggy and the gong
was all that saved him. In the thirteenth
Sullivan was forced to the ropes time and
again and was getting notably weaker,
his eye was almost closed and his mouth
was bleeding.
Sullivan's wonderful recuperative power
asserted itself in the fourteenth round
and the round ended in his favor. In the
sixteenth Sullivan began to weaken
again, Broad having him all but out.
Broad poured dozens of upper-cuts to
Sullivan's wind in the seventeenth round
and Sullivan's distress was only too evi
dent. Mercilessly Broad kept after him,
and once more, when another stiff punch
would have ended the fight the bell
tapped. The eighteenth round, however,
brought the New- York boy up apparently
strong and fresh and both did some very
pretty work, Sullivan rushing for a knock
out and Broad allowing him to expend his
energy. • :
Matters were about even In the nine
teenth, but the twentieth was decidedly
Broad's. Several times he rushed Sulli
van to the ropes and did his best to chop
him down.
In the twenty-first round Sullvan struck
Broad rather low in >the stomach and
Broad appeared to be in such agony that
many thought he was going out. He went
through the round, however. The crowd
howled and cheered him when he came
up in the twenty-second round and. after
some of the fastest fighting ever seen
anywhere, he had the New York boy al
most asleep when the gong once more
saved him.
Both came up very tired in the twenty
third round, though Dave was the
stronger of the two. They swung wildly
and did no damage. Thus they fought the
next two rounds, at the conclusion of
which Referee Hurst declared Broad the
winner. •
Twelve Bounds to a Draw.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 30.— Jack Dunleavy
and Elmer Mayfield of Hot Springs fought
twelve rounds to a draw this evening be
fore the Olympic Athletic Club. A knock
out was imminent I In the twelfth round
with Mayfleld as the sufferer, when the
police stopped the fight.
Employes Are Removed.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 30.— A sensation In
political circles was caused to-day when
twenty-thref officers and employes of the
Department of Public Safety, nearly all
prominent in political affairs, were re
moved.
Fire in a Packing 1 Plant.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— The porlr pack
ing establishment of Henry Muhs at Pas
saic, N. J., was partly destroyed by flre
to-day. Estimated loss $80,000. *
• Entertain at White House.
"WASHINGTON, Sept. . 30.— President
and Mrs. Roosevelt entertained a few
friends at dinner to-night, the number
including Senator Mitchell of Oregon.
A philosopher is a man who believes
that he receives more spiritual Intima
tions than he r.teds for his own use.
HUNDREDS DYING
DAILY IN 5HENSI
DECISION GOES
TO KID BROAD
ASA R. WELLS NOMINATED FOR MAYOR
BY REPUBLICAN LOCAL CONVENTION
fHE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUE&jjAY, OCTOBER 1, 1901.
On Shasta Route trains Nos. 15. and 16 of
the . Southern Pacific Company,, leaving
San Francisco in the evening, arriving in
the morning.-has been extended to include
entire trip south of Roseburg, Or. -
Fine Dining Car Service
Charles S. Wheeler, the well-known at
torney, who has been ill at his residence,
2838 Pacific avenue, for the last few days,
is now on the road to recovery. Dr. Mof
fltt.who has been attending Mr. Wheeler,
says , that his illness was brought - about
: by ah ulcerated tooth, arid that' his''pa
tient did not suffer an attack of. apoplexy,
as previously reported.
Charles S. Wheeler Convalescing.
Burglars early yesterday morning broke
Into Mose Gunst's cigar store on Kearny
street, near Sutter, by prying open the
lock on the front door, and got away with
about twenty boxes, of/ choice cigars
valued at more than $200.- They. attempted
to force open the cash register, which con
tained about $20. in : nickels. \u25a0 but • were
frightened" off before ihey completed the
Job. • . .
Burglars Steal Cigars.
The Santa Fe will sell tickets to Buffalo and
return October 3 and 4 for $S7. Free reclining
chair cars. Pullman's latest vestlbuled palace
"and tourist sleeping cars. Full particulars at
til Market street.
Excursion to Buffalo.
The council of the club Is composed of
the following gentlemen: President, War
ren Gregory; first vice president, • Louis
Lisser: second vice president, A. G. Eells;
secretary, W. H.Payson; treasurer, Ed
win Fretwell; F. H. Wheelan. James S.
Bunnell, Dr. Edward von Adelung, F. W.
G. Moebus. - «
After the banquet the club proceeded
with a .discussion of the /topic of the
evening, "A Forecast of Some of the
Phases of the Coming Century." The
topic was discussed under the following
heads by the following members of the
club: "The Outlook In International Rela
tions," Sheldon G. Kellogg; "The Out
look for the Negro," Professor Thomas
W. Page; "Some Sins of Modern Journal
ism." J. P.- Young; ."The Outlook for. the
Individual," Rev. Bradford Leavitt. . .
The eleventh annual meeting and ban
quet, of the Unitarian Club of California
was held last night in the clubrooms of
the Mutual Life building. About 200
guests assembled around the artistically
decorated festal board.
Two Hundred Guests Assemble
Around the Gaily Decorated
Festal Board.
Ex-Captain John M. Neall, formerly In
command of Troop D, Fourth United
States Cavalry, was convicted yesterday
in the United States District Court of
forgery. He was tried before a Jury on
the charge of forging the name of Col
onel F. M. Coxe, United States paymas
ter, to a voucher for $460, the property of
Private John Cranson of his troop.
Another '\u25a0• indictment for embezzlement
remains, but it is likely that this indict
ment will be withdrawn by the prosecu
tion. The argument for the Government
was made by Assistant United States At
torney Banning and that for tl)e defense
by Crittenden Thornton. The jury was
out only twenty-nve minutes and recom
mended the prisoner to the mercy of the
court. Sentence will be pronounced on
Saturday.
Jury in the United States District
Court Recommends Him to
Judicial Mercy.
Monthly Entertainment Furnishes
Interesting Four-Round Contests
Between Clever Amateurs.
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club gave
a good programme of boxing bouts at Its
monthly exhibition at Mechanics' Pavil
ion Annex last night.
The event ' of the evening was the go
between Jimmie Little and Frank George.
The bout was scheduled for four dounds,
but before the third was ended Sergeant
O'Connor ordered the referee, Joe Wal
cott, to call time. Walcott strained a
point in Little's favor and declared the
event a . draw.
George, who was at least fifteen pounds
the heavier man, had his opponent all
but out.
The other bouts were lively as a rule.
Barney Driscoll and Rob Johnson went
four good rounds to a draw. Jack Mc-
Donald and Harry Killen furnished con
siderable amusement and were so closely
matched that the referee could not pick
the winner.
Bob Thomas got a decision over Tom
Williams.
Charles Black, a husky young fellow,
quit after a couple of rounds with Pete
McGee. Fred Bell knocked out Jack
Ryan in two rounds and Tony Everett
got a decision over Jack Reddy.
The entertainment was satisfactory to
the large crowd of. spectators.
LIVELY FISTIC BOUTS AT
- THE HAYES VALLEY CLUB
JOHN M. NEALL FOUND
GUILTY OF FORGERY
Gentlemen of the Convention: Three years
ago I stood before you as candidate for Audit
or of this city. I said then I would like to
go to the City Hall for a. term to see why It
was that the city's business could not be run
on the same lines as a business house down
town. I was elected to the office and I have
been In the City Hall, .and I think you have
heard of me. and I am "able to report to you
tried, but got a bit tangled and said, "I
didn't know his name until a few minutes
ago." . \u25a0•\u25a0 . • •• , ,
\u25a0 The delegates roared and Mr. Berri
scented the fact that he had been, guilty
of making a great big error. . .
"This wasn't a' slate proposition," ex
plained Mr. Berri, with difficulty. He fin
ally made it clear that the gentleman was
A. B. Mahoney, whom he wished'to nomi
nate for County Clerk, and that the
trouble arose because he did not know his
full Christian name until a short time
before he placed him in" nomination. Like
most people Mr. Berri had always called
Mr. Mahoney, Bert. After a struggle the
delegates were advised that he was Albert
Blake Mahoney. Mr. Mahoney was nomi
nated for County Clerk without opposi
tion. ,
Mr. Wells arrived at this time and was
ushered to the stage. He spoke as fol
lows: 1 .
Eugene D. Berri of the TTilrty-slxth
made the hit of the evening. Mr. Berri
surprised his hearers by saying that he
did not intend to work very hard. "Things
are going along very smoothly," he said.
This startling admission amused the dele
gates and appealed to their sense of
humor. Finally Mr. Berri announced that
It was his intention to nominate "one of
the best boys In Noe Valley."
Now If Mr. Berri had only mentioned
the name of the candidate he intended to
nominate all would have been well. He
Berri Makes a Hit.
ballot for Mr. Wells for Mayor. The mo
tion prevailed and Mr. Wells was de
clared the nominee of the party.
Chairman Riordan informed the dele
gates that he had just received a tele
phone message from Mr." Wells to the
effect that he would not be able to reach
the convention hall for several minutes.
He stated that it was necessary for the
nominee to appear and indorse the plat
form, but thought that to facilitate mat
ters it would be well to occupy the time
by proceeding to make further nomlna.
tions.
Edmund Tauszky was signaled by Chair
man Rlordan and he climbed gracefully
upon the stage. He placed Harry Baehr
In nomination for Auditor. Many orators
from various districts and a big-lunged
man in the gallery were profuse in
their efforts to second him. Mr.- Baehr
was duly nominated by acclamation, after
Delegate Harry Larsen of the Fortieth
had caused considerable laughter by de
claring that he was making "a nomina
tion that the motions' close." -
Mr. Baehr appeared. He was greeted
most enthusiastically by the convention,
and upon Chairman Riordan announcing
that his $10 nomination fee had been paid,
nominations for other offices were called
for.
Delegate Thomas L. Henderson of the
Thirty-seventh placed Arthur G. Flsk in
nomination for District Attorney. Dele
gate Partridge was his second. Mr. Flsk
made a neat little speech, thanking the
convention for the nomination and prom
ising to do all in his power to help the
ticket to success. .
UNITARIAN CLUB HOLDS
ITS ANNUAL BANQUET
form. The nominee Indorsed the platform
and promised he would labor to elect the
entire ticket.
Merten C. Allen placed Charles E.
Corey in nomination for the office of Re
corder. Leon Samuels of the Twenty
ninth seconded the nomination in a short
but eloquent speech. There being no
further nominations the ballot of the con
vention 1 was. cast for Mr. Corey. His
speech of acceptance was short and to the
point. He (pledged himself to the princi
ples of the platform and thanked the dele
gates for their action.
Nominations for the office of City At
torney was in order and G. Clifford Me-
Clellan'- of the Thirty-fourth District
named Frank McGowan. Mr. ; Samuels
seconded the nomination. The nomina
tions closed and- the secretary was di
rected • to cast the ballot for McGowan.
The latter assured the convention that he
appreciated its kindness and Informed the
delegates that It was a surprise to him.
\u25a0 He regretted that he could not accept
the nomination as he lacked twenty-six
days of being a five years' resident of this
city as required by the charter. This was
a great surprise to the delegates. The
convention was nonplused for the mo
ment, but Mr. Samuels retained his pres
ence of mmd and moved that nominations
for City Attorney be postponed until to
night.
Norman "W. Hall of the Thirty-ninth
District moved that the motion be laid on
the table. The motion prevailed and Sam
uels moved for a reconsideration on the
ground that he voted in the affirmative.
The motion for a reconsideration was then
put by Chairman Rlordan and Delegate
Keane rose to a point of order. He
claimed that Mr. Samuels having voted in
the affirmative could not ask for a re
consideration. The chairman sustained;
the point of order. Mr. Samuels tried to
stay the decision by saying he had made
a mistake. He could not be heard above
the Jeers of the delegates and he sat
down. John R. Hillman of the Thirty
seventh solved the problem. He moved
that the convention adjourn until to-night
and after a roll call his motion prevailed.
The convention will meet again in B'nai
B'rith Hall at 8 p. m. - f
MAYOR ASA. R. WELLS
AUDITOR HENRY BAEHB
TREASURER JOHN" E» McDOUGALL \
'COUNTY CLERK A. B. JT A HONEY '
'SHERIFF JOHN LACKMANN
DISTRICT ATTORNEY ARTHUR Q. FISK
RECORDER CHARLES E. COREY
5
4visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat^
OF ANATOMY^
A QJ IC51SU,3X5TST.lat.6:S47:S.S.y.C»:. £
\ ,Ct The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A _ jJt . World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
v Sa5c33 ™sea« positively cvred r>y the oliiejt T
© Iggjl Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. <D
Sflfa? 8 OS. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
f ykfjfyu Consultation free and strictly prtYite. \
I UWfl Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
A y SVm '•"'**»• Cur * ™ e»e«T ease undertaken. \
r /l It A Write for Book. FIIILOHUI»n Y of A
S 1^ MAHHIACE. MAtLSD FREB. (A?
A ss 11' n ' u 'ble book for men) x
f SB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Mftrkpt St. 9. F. V
vichy sfRinas.
The only place la the United States whera
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unenualed. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
\u25a0 Proprietors.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
-P. O. EL. VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings- Crossing), on California North-western
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Tenrn
tl per day and upward. PETER GOCILHAR-
DOU, Lessee.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
. STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30; arrive -at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartletc
! Fprings call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
THEFAYORITE-ATTHE
WALDORF- ASTORIA
M alt B re akf ast Fo o d
: The most celebrated of hotel chefs la
Mr. 'Oscar Tschirky of the ."Waldorf-
Astoria, New York. A short time since
he was requested to prepare a set of
model menus to be published and sold at
a , charity bazaar. • His . breakfast menu
was the following: . ' '
BSEAKFAST MENU.
: By "OSCAR" of the Waldorf-
Astoria. -
/ Fruits.
Malt Breakfast Food, with Cream.
Omelet, with Kidney.
Lamb . Cottlettes, broiled. Country
Sausages. Potatoes; Maitre d'Hotel.
Coffee.
Malt Breakfast Food Is regularly served
by the highest class hotels throughout
the country. .
It has the approval of the most noted
chefs and the most expert food special-
ists. Do not fall to try it. .
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING ,
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS.;-.^
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER.
...OIL STOVES...
VY—: BLUE FLAME.
;;•;.,,. with or without wicks.
NO ASHES* A/\A X/* AM /^^^»a*iL^.i f!#— t
no smokb. - 309 to 3/7 market Jtreet,
Sterling Furniture
; \u25a0 4
Bureau $7.50
Just the thing for that ball bed-
room. This bureau and a pretty
metal bed would answer quite as
well as a bedroom suite and the
cost would be hardly half as
much.
Built of goldfcn ash. 18 inches-
deep, 30 inches wide.
French plate mirror 14x24
inches.
G*4Ct OA k° vs the acme of
Sin /.I I Morris chair per-
tPlUlWV fection. It is a
brand new one that has never
been shown in San Francisco
before. No rods or ugly pro-
jections in the back; no levers.
Assume any position you like
without getting up from the chair.
Massive carved oak frames. Lux-
urious cushions. Worth a visit
just to try!
We'd it glad to have y.u open an
account with uu
You can miTit the payments to suit
jour c:nvenimce. f
STERLING
Furniture Company
1Q39 Market Street,
Opposite McAllister.
DH.MEYERS&CO. JfPl%
Specialist. .Disease sf§§Kr i
and weakness of *
men. Established </?!§£ /•^SSr'ZS '
188L Consultation iT^L *Sjf
and . private book \y& lj\
free, at office or by nR&^ >^5S^- a
nail. Cures graar- r*'&&&££&Sr
anteed. 7«1 Mar- JxSfK®^!
ket street (eleva- >£V/3sE&U<L
tor entrance). San
Francisco. IT""^
"Besides that ache in your back you have dizzy spells when you stoop; •{•
T you have pains in your chest and shoulders, pains in your head; spots **
X :loat before your eyes; your food does not digest; your bowels are ir- ''.
»!• regular; you do not get rest from your sleep, but awaken tired; you ••
•J* are dull, listless and without your old ambition; you are backward and jl
X don't feel inclined to mix in company; your vital power is low; in fact \u2666•
.}• you are breaking down." T-
4* "Yes, doctor, and I often feel gloomy and discouraged, and don't care \\
T whether school ke.eps or not. I have tried so many things without bene- ~
T fit that I am disgusted." . !.;;.••
? . "You are just like a steam engine run down. Your steam is exhaust-- V.
-j* ed. Well, that steam is made by electricity, and that's what you .need. ••
X My electric belt will restore it You wear it every night for a few weeks M
JL and you will be a transformed man. Your friends won't know you. It '.'.
-f Trill put life into your nerves, set up a strong action of every organ, and ••
T remove the cause of your pains forever. It will cure you." • ' **
Tv .3>r. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt has 50,000 cures. See what this man
-I- says: 1
4. -I have used your Belt every night Blnce I purchased it. and must say that it has • •
. \u2666 done me more good than anything I have ever taken or used Electricity, as you apply \u2666 •
,> It, U better than drugs or any patent medicine in existence for any disabilitv, and I •*
A. can. and will recommend your Belt to all In need of treatment — O. C. Churchill . .
J. Albany. Oregon. . . J.
T -Ca» and t«»t It free, or send for my 80-page illustrated took, sealed, by mall. free. .1
\ Jnclose this aA. r ,
$ Dr M C Mclaudhifn 702 MARKET street, ::
X Ul* I !• V. lTJArlAlVgllllll, cor. Kearny. JSan Francisco. f
• *f "'•/"'" OFFICE HOURS. S a. ra. TO 8 :80; n. : m. SUNDAY8. 10 *> TO X. \u25a0'".\u25a0- - '• ' V
£ Never £old by Agents op Drug Stores. ?
O j-H-H-M"! M"M I I I 1 I 1 I I I I-H-M-1 1 M-H-i-H^-H-l-I-l-'I-H-I-I-i-l-i-i- ©TUESDAY ..'.-.. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0»->. OCTOBER i/1901
- JOHN O. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
liinu All Cenunuiettiou to W. 8. LEAKS, Kantgcr.
MLAJTAGER'S OFFICE ;...;. ; .Telephone Press 2O4 j
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .'".Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered S>r Carriers, IS Cents Per.Weelt.
Slugrle Copies. S Cents.
•Terms by Mall, .Including- Fostnjtei
DAH.T CALL (lncludlnr Sunday), one year J«.O0
X>AILT CALL, (including Sunday), « xnonthi '. 3.00
DAILY CALL, (lncludlcr Eundajr). S rjjnths.. 1.5*
DAELY CALI*— By Single Month 65c
6TJXDAT CALL* One Year 1.60
VTKElCLY CALL. One Year.*.............. 1.00
Tivoli— "Carmen."
California— Vest's Minstrels. «• . ;
\u25a0 Grand Opera-house — '-The Merchant of Venice."
Columbia— "Florodora."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
Central— "Kidnaped."
Alcazar— "Liberty Hall."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening-
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths — Open nights.
AUCTION SALES.
.By R. TV. Scott— This day. at 11 o'clock. Trotting: Horsea, a.
corner St. Charles street and Eagle avenue. Alameda.
By S. IVatklns— Saturday, October" 5, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
By G. H. Cmbsen & Co.— Monday, October 7. at 12 o'clock,
Crocks Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery 6treet. '.
FRANKLIN BREED, WHO MANY YEARS AGO TOOK JOHN D. ROCKEFELLER TO PETROLEUM CENTER. PA..
AND INTERESTED HIM IN OIL, "HEAD AND EARS." ROCKEFELLER DRESSED IN HIS BEST FELL IN
A TARRY BAYOU AND SOILED HIS CLOTHES. > >•
, Many, a man who ; is open to conviction
manages to it .by hanging .the
If* there. is to^^z^xsp^^^fs^^tti^^^iniiA
soon with' a bahg;ifor ; the t time is^ .getting.*tog -shorf
how-for-it to' start slow."' and work up an excitement
by degrees/ »
;. While- Chicago has' successfully sent ships, from
her docks to'those of Liverpool, it is said the ven
tures have been unprofitable from a commercial point
of view. . Chicago therefore, will have, to -remain an
inland. town for a while yet, and submit to being re
ferred to by 'Bostonians' as a fresh water "village." ' "
BLUE LAKES. ADAM-F. W. B., Eu
reka, , Cal. The Call has no other in
formation relative to the breaking of the
flam of the Standard Electric Light Com
pany at Blue Lakes. Alpiri% County, other
than what • appeared - in the • dispatch at
the time. The particular information you
desire, and B which " is npt* ; of- general in
terest at this time; you, can no doubt ob
tain by writing .to the office, of the com-
tioji/and the court cari'"at,least.issue;the'$umm6nVand
await developments. • .- \u25a0\u25a0*?— .'•*•.\u25a0 >\u25a0£' '\u25a0"\u25a0:.?\u25a0' *'<~ r ~'= "->v. --.\u25a0;;_:
The famous High Court of Nations can no longer
complain 'of a lack of tiusiness,' for the Boers haVe de-.
mandedithat it call upon ' Great <*Bri'tain,-.toTsutimit' her
case against the South .'African* /republics' ior arbitra-
MINERAL LANDS— G. S., Oakland,
Cal. An .alien caanot "take up mineral
or any other land in the United States
and incorporate in a State or Territory
other than the one in which the land is
located.'- In order to' take up land the
party " must s be a citizen of the United
States or .must have declared his inten
tion bona fide of becoming such.
A discovery of- much interest and . im
portance has just been made in the Paris
Garde-Meuble. In a corner of the - build
ing which no one has entered for thirty
years has" been found a valuable collec
tion, formerly belonging to the old , mu
seum of the Kings of France. "Among, the
relics brought to light are : one of the
crowns of Charles X and that used at the
funeralof Louis' XVIII; the compl este. cos
tume of \u25a0 a chevalier,' the gold cloth robe
worn by the Dauphin at the -last sacra
ment of Rheimi?, the bureau 'armchair and
the-Tuileries* throne of Napoleon' I,' the
sedan chair of Marie Antoinette, the cra
dles of the King of Rome and the Comte
de Chamboiird and a bell, of 'Louis XVIII,
along ; with many other precious curiosi
ties., :/ .,'" .." ..; .. \u25a0" "\u25a0' ' ,7:",' \;,! "
Find Kingly Relics.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cr»tnp». Dr.
Slegert's Genuine Imported Angostura BAters.
FIRE DEPARTMENT-M. H., City. On
the last day of August there were about
seventy men on the waiting list of the
Fire Department. Appointments will be
made from these "as vacancies occur, and
when the last of these shall have been ap
pointed, then the civil service rules will
apply. \u25a0 \u25a0
Dr. Sanford's Iiiver In vigors :cr.
B«st Liver Medicine, VesetableCurefor-i '<\u25a0' ril*.
Biliousness, Indigestion. Constipation iWaria.
SOLDIERS* HOMESTEAD— G. V., Bu
chanan, Cal. Soldiers and sailors who
served in the recent wars have by the act
of June 1, 1S98, the same right to take up
Government lands as is accorded to those
who served in the Civil War.
Prince Luitpold of Bavaria owns th«
most extensive and complete collection oi
beetles In the world, and is a sk ' td en
tomologist.
Special information supplied dally t»
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont»
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • ,
KNIGHT TEMPLAR— W. D., City.
Templar is used in the sense of "the tem
ple," as "a knight of the temple," conse
quently the plural is Knights v Templar.
Macoy and McKenzie in their Masonic
encyclopedias agree on that.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend't.
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel
Drunkenness and all drug habits cur
at Willow Bark Sanitarium, 1S33 Polk.
From Los Angeles— G. Goldsmith, at the
Marlborpugh; G. E. Platt, at the Cosmo
politan; J. J. O'Brien,, at the Astor.
From Oakland— R. E. Tahan, at the
Cosmopolitan. s
From San Francisco— H. Buckman, at
Ihe . Rossmore; J. Dubois, ' Miss.. M. D.
Hoglns, at the St. Denis; C Fricke, Miss
Fricke, at the Belvelede; A. Zucherman,
R. Cohen, at the Herald Square; V.
Epginger, at the Union Square;. C. W.
Falton Jr., R. M. Pike, at the Holland;
W. J. Hahn, Ph. Raphael, A. E. Lacy,
at the Imperial; F. C. Immel, at the Ash
land; I. B. Rosencrantz, at the Gilsey;
G. F. Shields, at the Westminster; Mr.
and^Mrs. Warren, -at the Murray Hill.
From San Jose— Dr. J. M. Hall, Mrs.
M.. C. Spencer, at the Part' Avenue. .
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— The following
Californians are in New York:'
Californians in New York.
NOT GIVEN— O. S., City. The pub
lished biographies of the parties named
in letter of inquiry do not state if they
are college graduates. Possibly the easiest
way for you to ascertain is to address a
personal letter to each.
SUN WORSHIPERS— H. R. H., Oak
land, Cal. The sun worshipers were the
Egyptians, the Greeks, the Italians, the
Celtic and Teutonic races, the Peruvians
and some of the African tribes.
THE \u25a0 PAINTERS— O. S., City. The
painters^strike in San Francisco was vir
tually ended in the latter part of Au
gust, 1901. The men who returned to work
are receiving $3 50 per day. .
\ BRITISH PUBLIC SCHOOL— J. K.,
City. The first British public school was
the Winchester College at Oxford, also
called Wyckenham, opened in. 1375.
IN CHINA— B. W., Oakland, Cal.., Com
missioner Rockhill acted as Minister to
China during the temporary absence of
Minister Conger.
George "E. Morse, clerk of the United
States District Court, has returned from
the East, where he went to attend Presi
dent McKinley's funeral. -He was ac
companied by his wife, Miss 'Grace Mc-
Kinley and Lieutenant J. F, McKinley,
nieces and nephew of the late President.
F. H. Harrington, an officer of the
United States Marine Corps stationed at
Mare Island, is a- guest at the Occidental.
General A. J. Sampson, Minister of the
United States to Ecuador, is in the city,
accompanied by his wife. \u25a0 They sail
Thursday on the steamship" Tucapel for
Soxitli .America. \u25a0 ..'.
Dr. Charles V. Cross, who has been
employed as physician by the Yosemite
Commissioners, has returned to the city.
H. Morgan Hill, an extensive land owner
of Morgan Hill, is at the California.
Dr. J. T. Rees, a prominent physician of
Florence, Col., is a guest at the Russ.
Congressman Francis G. Newlarids of
Reno, Nev., is spending a few days at the
Palace. .
' E. C. Worrell, a rancher of Bouldin, is
spending a few days at the Lick, accom
panied by his wife. /*? ,'
The hobo settled himself comfortabl
and lit his pipe.
"I'm f eelin' a good deal easier nor.
Shorty," he remarked. "A great burda
has been taken off'n us fellers."
"What burden?" asked Shorty.
"Puttin' revenue stamps on checks."-*
Chicago Post.
"A great many men owe their success In
life to their wives."
"Yes," answered Mr. Meekton, com
placently. "If there were more womer
like Henrietta in the world there woulc
be more kind and obedient husband3."-
Star.
A short time ago an English parson saw
an Irish member of his congregation car
rying bricks up a ladder to a building in
the course of erection. 1 _
"What's that you're building, Pat?" he
inquired.
"Shure, yer 'onner, it's a church I'm
buildin 1 ." ,
"A Protestant one?"
"No, yer 'onner, a Catholic one."
"I'm sorry, indeed, to see It, Pat."
"Eh! and so is'the Devil, yer 'onner..'—
I<oiidon King.
JUDGE COFF^Y— S., City. Judge
James* V. Coffey was elected to the Judi
ciary in 1883 and has been on the bench
ever since.
ADOPTION— C. S., Centerville. Cal.
The law of California on the subject of
adoption applies only to minors.
\ Try. HEN -the fedetatioh' : of the Australian colo
\/\/ \nies was under'c 4 «Dnskiefation, a commission .
" " Y'^was appointed.by.'the'New\Zealand Govern! •
ment to investigate the plarn' and- report gs to" tKc-vexr \
pediency of uniting that
commission ; has reported 'adversely^to the -scfieml; .
The chief argument against it has been, the fact that;
New Zealand is separated from Australia by 1200
miles of ocean so that there could be no such thing
as community of defense in time of war, and more
over the New Zealanders are developing along lines
of theirown and could not be united in political har
mony with the Australians.
That the report would be adverse to federation has
been a" foregone conclusion, but nevertheless its.
formal submission to the Government is a matter of
some importance as an official declaration of the in
tention of the : New Zealanders to stand alone and
build up an empire of their own.
That remarkable commonwealth has entered upon
so many experiments in the way of state socialism
that, many people look upon it as a land where' the
inhabitants are more intent upon developing a new
form of society than anything else. That opinion,
however, is erroneous. The New Zealanders have
the imperial fever about as strongly as: the Austra
lians.*. There is already a movement amojig the lead
ers of the island to bring about the annexation to
New Zealand of the Fijis and numerous other groups
of. islands in that part of the ocean.'^Jti, fact the ;New
Zealanders proudly call their country tit Britain of
the South Seas, and they dream it will yet become to
\u25a0Australia.about what Great? Britain -is to continental
Europe.. i ' . .
\u25a0 rFor the present the New. : Zealanders are working
.away at state socialism. with a;,good deal of enthusi
asm. The results thus far Jhave" hot been wholly sat
isfactory, but-lhey.a're hoping for great things. They
have now something more than 2000 miles of state
railroads which cost them, an average of $40,000 a
mile. A recent- report say's the cash revenues for
1899 were something, more than .; $7,000,000 and the
expenditures something less than $5,000,000. Over
that showing Premier Seddon is rejoicing. He is re
ported as having said: "The railroads are the ser
vants of the people and should ..be run entirely in
their interests. It is not desired to make -a profit out
of them, arid therefore as revenues increase, freight
and passenger rates are reduced."' r •
-All of that sounds very fine. Meantime.it is to be
noted 'that late reports from the island are by no
means so rosy as the state socialists would' like them.
It has been found that the interference of the state
with certain lines of business has so disarranged the
industrial condition of the people that further inter
ferences will have to be undertaken to restore equili
brium. Thus at the recent* opening of the New Zea
land Parliament the Governor, Lord Ranfurly, stated
that it is' now necessary for the Government, to open
and operate a "state coal mine. That additional.inter
ference will of course in turn entail 'further 'state en-
Ferprises, and perhaps in "the riot* distant "future indi
vidual initiative will have;- been so far'jchecked that
the Government , will have- to establish, state : farms
to supply the .people .with food and state tailor, shops
to furnish them-, with' clothing, l " : . . • , •
SINCE the Boer, leaders have shown no respect*
for Lord Kitchener's proclamation calling
upon them to surrender before' September. 15,.
he has taken, steps to. show them that he at least re-,
spects it and is going to live up to the warning lit
contained.. An. official publication has been issued 1 ,
at Pretoria announcing: the permanent banishment of
several Boer leaders captured since the date fixed for.
surrender, and another proclamation has been issued
providing for the sale of the properties of the burgh
ers who are still in the field. Thus the warning -of
the proclamation is being fulfilled sternly and harsh
ly. Those of the Boers who continue in the field
are to suffer the confiscation of their property, while
all leaders who are captured are to be sent into per
manent exile. • ,
In spite of their harshness, the measures seen to
have availed little or nothing in advancing the British
cause. On the same day that brought the news of
'Kitchener's latest proclamations of confiscation and
banishment, there carrie reports from the correspon
dent of the- London Express that it is understood in
South" Africa that Kitchener has asked for 25,000
more seasoned' mounted men, and for authority to
hang rebels, traitors and murderers without referring
their cases to the home Government.
It is not at ailjikely that the report is strictly true;
but enough evidence' in addition to that contained in
it has been forthcoming from other sources to justi
fy the conclusion that the Dutch of Cape Colony are
now taking considerable part in the war and are
furnishing the Boers with arms'and ammunition and
with men to use them! It has been; clear for some
time that the Boers have found a means of recruiting
their'forces arid replenishing their- supplies. -< Recruits I
have joined them from America and from Europe and
supplies I have been 5 smuggled across • the
•Portuguese territory, but it is not believed that these
\u25a0so'urces^ofiTreinfprcerncnt have furnished even a half
of- all the Boers have received, and therefore the con
clusiohis drawn that the people of Cape Colony have
gone. to. the .aid of the two republics, and that it is
from that source the Boers receive the help that
enables them to continue the war. t..
One)pf the notable features of the present phase of
the. struggle is that tii£ field ojf Boer activities, is
wider than :it was during the, first year. The Boer
forces have repeatedly penetrated into Cape Colony,
and have found sympathy and support. In fact there
is seemingly an imminent danger of a, widespread re
volt among the people of the Cape. Thousands of
them are known to, be antagonistic to the policy" pur
sued by Kitchener, and hundreds of them have taken
up arms to aid their kinsmen of "the two, republics.
These are the men who are referred to as rebels and
traitors, and whom Kitchener is said to ! desire to
hang without waiting to have their cases acted upon
by the home .Government. — , / •
It look's^ in fact^as if the war might suddenly blaze ,
out into renewed by an open, outbreak in
Cape, Colony. - -Kitchener may be- able to treat a few
men enlistipg in* the Boer armies as "rebels and
traitors," ibut- he could not deal that way with a ris
ing of-anyionsiderable number of men.' That would
be to make "the war/one of extermination, and such
a thing is unthinkable. The outlook, therefore, is de
cidedly gloomy for .the British. Kitchener's only hope,
is that of wearing the 1 Boer forces away by slow attri
tion, but that way" is costly,--"- and- is* 'subject', to the
further objection that before .the two republics ace"
worn down Cape Colony may have been maddened
into revolt. '\u25a0•', "., ..... .' "__ :>
CAPE COLONY DUTCH.
NEW ZEAL&ND'S^GREAIT PLANS;
FRANKLIN BREED, an elderly farmer living nearPaines
ville, Ohio, holds the distinction of having initiated John
D. Rockefeller into the oil business.
"Breed, you have got me into the oil business, head
and ears," said Mr. Rockefeller as he emerged from a
bayou of oil sediment and mud into which he had fallen while
attempting to cross a narrow log in the Titusville, Pa., oil
fields. This was in. 1862 and before the name of Rockefeller had
any significance in connection with oil.
"In. 1858,"' said Mr." Breed, "I was one of the firm of Breed
& Hancox, which was engaged in the milling business at Titus
ville, my. native town. It was nearahis town that oil was first
discovered in the United States, at least in paying quantities.
"At about this time, as a milling firm, we were dealing with
commission merchants in Cleveland by the name of Clark &
Rockefeller. The Rockefeller of this firm was John D. Rocke
feller of present' day fame. > We bought considerable grain from
Clark & Rockefeller-^-in fact, our business ran way up into the
thousands annually^-and we. we.re back and forth between.
Cleveland and Titusville auite' often.
~ ••"While ori a trip to Cleveland in December, 1862, Mr. Rocke
feller asked, me many questions about the oil country near my
home. He had read a great deal about the new El Dorado,
and when we had transacted our other business he seemed
much interested in learning all he could of the prospects and
probable future development of the Titusville districts., In re
ply to his query regarding the chance for buying oil in goodly
quantities, I replied that I would sell him all he wanted, where
upon he agreed to visit my well on the old Story farm within
the next -few days. "We had our conversation on Friday.
, "On Monday, about sundown, Mr. Rockefeller arrived at
Titusville, and qn Tuesday morning wjr started for my well,
which was in the heart of the oil fields, some seven miles dis
tant. The wells were situated near what was known as Oil
Creek. The location was called Petroleum Center. It was not
connected with the outside world at that time by a passenger
service, so our journey was made on horseback, except the last
half mile, which' we walked. ... .
"The weather was not particularly favorable for a walk in
this section of the country In December. Snow had fallen to
the depth of four or .five Inches during the night and the
ground was muddy. Mr. Rockefeller was attired in a neat
fitting, light-colored suit of clothes, and also wore a light over
coat. His gloves were of kid and fur-lined. His entire outfit
was an expensive one, and one whlclt most men would regret
much to see soiled even by mud. •;
"In our path from my oil well to the laborers' shanty we
were obliged to cross a bayou. This bayou was about 100 rod3
long and six feet In width. Into it the oil men threw the sedi
ment from the big tanks. This, with the mud, formed a tarry
conglomeration, which was anything but inviting. The bayou
was spanned by a. Jog perhaps a half foot thick. The snow of
the previous night had the effect of making It slippery. I
crossed and then turned to wait for Rockefeller. He asked
me to take his hand, but just as I was agout to do so his foot
slipped and he straddled the log. Both his legs nearly up to
his hips were stuck in the tarry contents of the bayou.
\u25a0 "I assisted him out as best I could, and It vas then that
he declared that I had got him into the oil business head anu
ears. The next *5>pposttlon was to clean Mr. Rockefeller's
clothes sufficiently tor him to be presentable when he returned
to Titusville. I found an old barrel stave, and with this I
scraped him for nearly an hour. We ate dinner at Petroleum
Center, and after Mr. Rockefeller had further investigated Vie
oil interests we returned to Titusville. Before leaving for
Cleveland Rockefeller purchased a new suit of clothes."
This trip of Rockefeller to the Titusville district was one on
which he placed considerable stress. He thanked Mr. Breed
for the interest he had shown in bringing him to the oil fields
and expressed himself as greatly satisfied with his visit.
Rockefeller had never before even seen an oil derrick.
On Mr. Rockefeller's return to Cleveland he ordered his
first car of oil, which was shipped from the well in which Mr.
Breed was Interested.
Within the next few weeks Mr. Breed expects to call upon
Mr. Rockefeller, and together they will recall the day on which
they rode horseback to Petroleum Center.
PERSONAL. MENTION.
I ANSWERS TO QUERIES. I
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
In the Kearny 'street affray the number of the assailants of the* special policemen
was sufficiently large fprjthat ga^rig.to be called something of a mob. Many of those who
composed.it were arm^d>:arid the attack, was made with a ferocity that jneant murder.
Had the five specials and the policemen who were w'ith them been' less:, courageous, the '
affray .might easily have developedinto an outbreak that would have^ruff'to pillage* as*
well as to violence. " . V \ s - . .. j
Since the affray- the. strikers have been publicly' incited to further lawlessness by
the Examiner and by Father Yorke. -They have Been told that they are peaceable citi
zens and that the police .are Aggressive- .ruffians.; The, Examiner said .yesterday of the spe
cials: "They frequent: drinking resorts of the lowest character, armed with a brace of
pistols, which they display without necessity" of provocation. If it should become known
to the Police Commission that five men of the regular police force had spent Saturday
night drinking and flourishing their pistols at a dive, the men would surely be dis
missed*. But the specials are permitted ;, to :"go7; -about; unchecked'' by ; > the
hunting trouble and inciting ridt.""On trie same- day ahdja-the^sarrie^ipap^ir^^ther^qrlcc
said: "Again and again I have protested against the p6licy : bf,the}Mayor arming thiigs
and pluguglies and turning them ] loose _ to terrorise our; community^ OEyery N'bad man'
west of the Missouri* River has headed i c f or San \u25a0 Francisco \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0and ; -has^b = eenjicenyed- bv-';the
corrupt majority of our Police Commissioners -to. slay* it sigJit^fN^
street from, the truculent banditti of the Employers' Association:'' 'V- J ' \u25a0.'
Such are the incitements thati^ave been put forth hy. the fomen'ters of strife to incite
the lawless to further violence. The; officers .of the ; law are denounced J £s \> pluguglies and
thugs, they are 'charged with ibeing,'not -police employed iby^the: authorities i of : the citv,
but banditti iif the hire of the Employers'" Associatiori^The only possible from
all that is that the strikers", an^^th'eir'.sj'mpathizers should get together 1 in large numbers
and drive these "banditti", from the street : - .,- ,^, . '^* - •
In this; emergency it is clear that, the ; time has come \fbr(thevcity authorities to act
promptly lor /the \u25a0enforcement ,of 'law/ ' The* mob spirit irisesv rapidjy when once it ( is re
leased from restraint and is fired by inflammatory, appeals 'of 'demagogues who denounce
law as despotism, itVbfficersjas. thugs ;and its supporters as;- tKe oppressors of the poor.
Under the influence of thkt . dire spirit- the lawless wijllgather at nights upon our streets
in larger and larger. gangSj. and : in .the end it will" require^ something like a^tfattle to
disperse v 'them. . It will be wisdom- on the part of ,the':city>auth'Oriti^&» to/act vigorously
without further delay. It never pays to falteri in the face^ia^ia moR^h^fie- Kearny- street
affray the mob was stopped because the officers -did not! falter. y|Hati they shown any
sign of weakness there is no telling to what extent vidlence: might- have gone. \ '
The issue, is up to the Mayor. " As the chief .magistrate qf^th^eW/city^cio'tlied with
large powers under. the new charter, 'it is his duty ,to; mkiritain to quell disturb
ance, to keep the peace and to protect the lives and the property \u25a0bf^citizens. Any weak
ness on his part at this time may fesulfiri" riots that.wilicosUthe lives, of many men. The
Kearny street affray is a terrible portent of what authorities give
way now in the face of the mob and the demagogues. THheJcrisisahtthe struggle has been
reached and Mayor Phelan can no longer evade and wait." ;If~tHie 'city'vis.to escape a car
nival of rioting the law must be enforced at once. : « -7.. ; v .\ -^ \u25a0\u25a0; .';\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-••\u25a0
AFTER the affray on Kearny street' it can no longer be that the lawless
elements of the community are. ready to precipitate' riot.' 'They, have become so'
emboldened by past toleration that they no longer content themselves with
assaulting non-union workmen. They now feel strong enough ' to attack the
police itself, s If further toleration be granted it will not be long before they will gather
in huge mob's and enter upon a career of: violence that cannot be' ene'eked without the
sacrifice of many lives. •
THE ; 3yC-A.I2SrTE3^r^.3SrpE3 OF OTLJDttR.
ROCKEFELLER HAS UNEXPECTED
INITIATION INTO OIL BUSINESS
HEARST'S celebrated defense, appearing simul
taneously in his three newspapers, differing
only in the personalities it indulges and
grandiloquently addressed "to the American people,"
has beea on the market long enough to enable judg
ment of its effect.
After it appeared in New York, the American peo
ple stopped their subscriptions and refused to receive
his paper from the carriers when it was offered free.
They excluded it from their houses and places of
business. Then Hearst had his paper 'wrapped like
a parcel of merchandise and delivered by special mes
sengers. This plan failed. One of the American peo
ple in New York investigated the subject, and in a
public communication said: "They have prepared
thousands of copies done up in this manner to leave
at every house, store and office. Nearly every Ameri
can District Telegraph messenger office in the city
has one or more thousands so prepared, with orders
to distribute. This looks as. if the yellow was on its
last legs."
Ladies sent to other papers like letters to warn
mothers against this sinister plan to sneak Hearst's
paper into families of the American people. Clubs,
composed of the American people, excluded it from
their rooms and entered an order suspending for a
month any member who brought it within their
rooms or read it there. In the street cars ladies re
fused <o occupy seats "alongside of men who were
reading Hearst's papers, giving, their reasons to be
heard by all the passengers. In some cases the
readers .threw the sheet out of the window and apolo T
gized. In all cases thoy threw it, and were cheered by
the crowd of passengers.
In his proclamation to the American people Hearst
asked the question, who hate the Examiner, in Chi
cago the American, and in New York the Journal,
and answered it: "Those whom it has fought, and
those who have been hurt in the newspaper business
by a success which is at once a rebuke to incapacity
and in infuriating provocation to envy and jealousy."
Judged by their denunciations of Hearst and his
papers, he has "fought" a majority of the clergy of the
United States and the presidents of colleges and uni
versities. He has fought Archbishop Riordan of this
city, bishops and clergy of the Episcopal and Metho
dist churches, the pastors of all the churches governed
by the presbytery, and all the churches that have
congregational government, for they have joined in
expressing the hatred that good men feel for him and
his style of journalism. Then he has fought the G. A.
R., for its sentiments were expressed in a national
memorial which said of him "he is a Judas with the
addition of disguise and modern enterprise. His
seeds of murder, hate and anarchy, fructify into crimes
like the assassination of President McKinley." H(
has fought the thousands of club organizations anc
commercial bodies which have outlawed his papers
and the hundreds of thousands of men and womer
who join the Rev. George Francis Whittemore ir
baying: "Who for gain tempts men to crime, let hi:
name be anathema."
In his proclamation "to the American people'
Hearst announces that in the future, as. in the past, hi;
papers' will "be human and animated and entertain
ing" indulging "the light 'word and funny picture"
and" protests that is all he has done, and all that m^Ice:
people stop his paper, outlaw and exclude it, Tefusi
information to his unfortunate reporters;: and evei
order from their doorsteps district messenger boys
who try to deliver it wrapped up like linen from the
laundry. >*,
He is right- His idea of being human and enter
taining, and the light and funny^ picture, is in issue.
It was to be human and entertaining that, he used
these light words: "McKinley's is a dull brain. It is
a milk and water brain."— McKinley and his Wall
street Cabinet are ready to surrender every particle of
national honor and dignity." — "The people must de
cide between conservative remedies riQw, and desper
ate remedies later." — "The .world's achievements and
great changes have all come from discontent, and you
should be, in as many ways as possible, a breeder of
discontent among the human beings around you."—
"The time of dissolution is at hand. Twenty corpora
tions own the President and virtually - exercise the
functions .of government"— "So what we hear that
this republic is in danger how, just remember what a
thort time intervened between the King (of France),
alive and drinking, and the King dead, and the peas
ants'all eating." — "McKinley plays the coward and
shivers white-faced. He makes an internationalcur
of his country; he is an abject, weak, futile, incom
petent poltroon. He is, therefore, the most despised
and hated creature in the hemisphere."
These "light words," and "human and entertaining"
sentiments, were illustrated by Mr. Hearsf s idea, of
funny pictures, representing the President idiotically
applauding the starving and murder of the common
people, or as a negro minstrel," singing coon songs.
Really, Mr. Hearst is too human and entertaining in
his way and too funny after his idea for the American
people. They believe him to be a blackguard, an en
venomed pervert and degenerate, and his papers unfit
to enter, a decent family, club or place of .business.
That seems to be the only difference at present ex
isting between Hearst and the American people:
HEARST AND AMERICAN PEOPLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1901.
6
A carload of Call Premium
Atlases have arrived and will
be ready v for distribution at
The Call Business Office to-
day. Every person who sub-
scribed for one of these books,
as well as all subscribers to
The. Call," are entitled to an
Atlas at the premium rate of
$1.50.
Present your Atlas Coupon
at the Business Office of The
Call to-day and receive your
book. : •
MORE ATLASES ARRIVE.SCENE AT THE OPENING OF THE CARNIVAL OF ANCIENT AND MODERN ARTS IN NATIVE SONS' HALL
LAST EVENING AND PHOTOGRAPHS OF SOME OF THOSE WHO LABORED HARD TO MAKE A SUCCESS
OF THE AFFAIR. "• ' ; •"
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, - Sept. 30.—
Milton Roberts, Stanford '99, has been ap
pointed acting professor of mining and
metallurgy for the year 1901-02 in the Uni
versity, of Washington..
Stanford Man's New Post.
The class of 1904 met this afternoon and
elected the following officers for the
ensuing semester: President, M. A.
Thomas; vice president, Miss M. C
Foster; secretary. Miss M. Parkhurst;
treasurer, H. M. Lewis; athletic manager.
R. McFadden.
STANFORD. UNIVERSITY, Sept. 30.—
Sophomores Elect Officers.
Washington: Original— Andrew J. Grov
er. Seattle, $8. Increase— William T. Dar
lington, Fremont. $10; Ira F. Dollarhide,
Orting. $12; John P. Pearson, Seattle, $10.
Oregon: Original— Frederick Smith,
Portland, $6: Job T. Wilder, Phoenix, $8.
Increase — Jasper Luper, Amity, $12; James
H. Hart, Merlin,. $20.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.-Postmasters
appointed: California— N. M. Knotwell.
Forbestown,\Butte County, vice E. D.
Vail, resigned; S. "W. Morgan, Sunnyside,
San Diego County, vice M. E. Moore, re
signed. Oregon— Bertha Durshmidt, Bell
wood, Yamhill County, vice B. H. Still
man, resigned. /
Pensions granted: California: Original
—Watson Roe, /Oroville, $6; William H.
Beers. Long Beach, $6; John B. Curtis,
San Francisco, $10; Lewis Dunham, Han
ford, $8; Frederick W. Terry, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6. •'Increase— Walter
Kundel, Los Angeles, $8; Daniel Sullivan.
Veterans' Home. Napa, $12; William Ri
ley. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12-
Martin Woolf. Redwood City, $10; Silas
W., Lines, Fresno, $8; Caesar C. Blank,
San Francisco, $8: Darwin E. Royce, Pas
adena, $10; William F. Johnson, Fresno,
$10; Henry W. Cole, Los Angeles, $6. War
with Spain— Adolph M. Clay, Livermore,
$36.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC SLOPE
The mistake was rectified and another
watch set. Two suspicious strangers
were intercepted, but there was no evi
dence against them.
The. officers believe the blackmailer was
under the impression that he was after
Clarence Berry, the Klondike millionaire,
who has large Interests in this counts.
Major Berry professes not to feel nerv
ous over the affair, but he is anxious for
the officers to capture the letter-writer if
possible. . ..
Berry drew $1000 from the r bank, and,
as he was informed in the letter that he
was watched, pains were taken to carry
the money as publicly as possible to his
office. Here fifty silver dollars were sub
stituted for the gold, and in the evening
he drove to the place and deposited the
coin. Two deputies disguised as tramps
lay in the field near at hand to watch pro
ceedings. They failed to see any one ap
proach the spot during the night, and the
next day on rereading the letter Berry
found he had placed the sack in the
wrong, place.
At first Berry believed It was a hoax,
but on reading it over he decided to give
the letter t6 the District Attorney. The
latter, taking a deputy from the Sheriff's
office into his confidence, decided to lay a
trap for the blackmailer.
STOCKTON, Sept. 30.— According to the
Mail of this date, Major C. J. Berry of
this city, formerly of Visalia, received a
letter on the 24th Inst. commanding him
to place $1000 In gold at a certain road
tank on the lower Sacramento road, just
north of the city. He waa commanded to
bury the money by one of the tank posts
and warned that In case of failure, or
should he report the affair to the officers,
he would be shot or. poisoned forthwith.
The unknown correspondent said he
wanted the money only as a loan and
would mail a note to exchange. The letter
was type-written.- •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Officials Fail to Entrap the
I Writer of Anonymous
Letter.
Blackmailer Threatens
Life of Stockton
Citizen.
DEMANDS MONEY
OF MAJOR BERRY
The last <Jay» of sale for low rate Excursion
Tickets to the Pan-American Exposition | at
Buffalo will be October 3 and 4. Only $87 for
the round I trip. The California Limited ' leaves
at 9 a. m.. October 3.' Secure your reservations
early at the of nee of the Santa Fe. 641 Market
umt.' •\u25a0 , \u25a0 • \u25a0 ->••"--
A Reminder.
; VISALIA; Sept. SO.^-Great • rivalry Is in
progress between the churches of Visalia.
The. new South Methodist. Church has
just been completed. Last week the
Cumberland Presbyterians \ announced
that, a new edifice would be put up at
once. To-day, the First Methodist Church
trustees announced that: their congrega
tion would outdo all ' the ' other churches
and : build . a i magnificent house of wor
ship. ..- . •
Rivalry \ in ; Church Building.
Southern California, San Jose, Del
Monte, Monterey, Santa Cruz, BJg Trees,
Santa Rosa, Napa, Sacramento, Marys
ville, Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfield the
Yosemite— every important- point,- every
leading resort reached via the Southern
PacStic, .which offers low excursion rates
to holders of Episcopal Convention ex
cursion tickets and accompanying friends
Free literature at G13 Market street. " " • \u25a0'
Southern Pacific Excursion All Over
the State. /
. SAN JOSE, Sept. 30.— Carlton, the
5-vear-old son" of Howard Bates, waa
killed to-day by falling under the wheel
of a grain wagon on" San Pedro street,
h's skull being crushed. . * \u25a0'
Crushed Under Wagon Wheels.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 30.— Nathan Cohn,
apt.nt for the Pacific Mutual Life Insur
ance Company, was thrown from a cart
to-day and his right leg was broken in
two places. The horse fell and upset the
cart, causing- the accident.
Nathan Cohn Injured.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 30.— The deed for the
site of the Odd Fellows' Home, which is
to be removed here from Thermalito be
came a matter of record to-day when Mrs
Mary E. Staples transferred the property
to Samuel E. Moreland, chairman of the
building site purchasing committee The
sum of $16,000 was paid Mrs. Staples.
Odd. Fellows Own the Site.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 30.— An old cat and a
litter of kittens turning incubator and
hatching a brood of seven chickens is the
novel impetus given to the poultry_busi
ness in this city. Mrs. McCormack, who
resides at the corner of Seventh and
Keyes streets, is the proud possessor of
this mixed up family. ' . \
Tabby, gave birth to five kittens 4 a few
days ago, and she carried them off to the
barn and hid them. ' When theyy were
found a remarkable state of affairs was
discovered. The old cat had deposited her
kittens In a hen's nest and had frightened
the setting hen away. The eggs were
almost ready to hatch, and the heat from
the bodies of the kittens was better than
an incubator, for seven little chicks broke
£Kk U 5i! tl \ e & shells and shar e<i the nest
with the kittens. The old cat paid no
attention to her curious family and the
\u i ch 101 "* 133 were found nestled among
tne Kittens. > ., •
SANTA. BARBARA, Sept. 30.— The
fourth day of the trial of William .Kelso,
charged with the murder of Harry E.
Blochman at Santa Maria on the even
ing of July 3, brought out the prosecu
tion's moS damaging testimony against
the prisoner. 1 This was given by \ James
Davisson and Juan B. Arrellanes Jr.
Dayisson is a young man of -22: years.
He said that, with Arrellanes and a
friend from San Francisco named Dake,
he met Harry Blochman at a point with
in a few blocks of the Blochman home
and going in that direction. Harry was
with Kelso. He stopped Davisson by
taking him by the arm. and asked 'him
if a game of baseball which had been
planned for the Fourth had been called
off. He was told that it had. After a
few further remarks' Harry and Kelso
went on toward Harry's home. ' •
Arrellanes ! substantially corroborated
Davisson's testimony. He also said that
he saw Harry Blochman with Kelso be
tween 9:15 and 9:30 o'clock. The way. he
fixed the time' was by the fact that he
set his watch by the electric clock ~ at
the Santa Maria Bank. It was then 9:10
o'clock. They walked southward along
Broadway nearly . to Blochman's house
and were returning when they met Harry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
His comrades handled 'him , roughly be
fore he could be secured in the guard
house. He was found guilty of the charge
by the court and sentenced to be dishon
orably discharged from the service of the
United States, forfeiting all pay and al
lowance due him and to be confined- at
hard labor for one year. •
The record of" the case having been re
ferred to Major General. Brooke at New
York, commanding the Department of the
East, he indorsed it and says:
"It is not within the power of the re
viewing authority to increase the punish
ment, but in order that the prisoner, may
not wholly escape punishment the sen
tence is approved and will be duly exe
cuted at Fort Columbus, N. J., to which
place the prisoner will be sent under prop
er guard." ... '
.- General Brooke's action in the case is
final and the record simply has been* sent
to the War Department for filing. '
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— A most unus
ual case reported to the War Department
is that of Private Peter D. Devine/ Troop
H, Eleventh Cavalry, who was tried by a
general court-martial at Fort Ethan /Al
len, Vt. f on the charge of "using disre
spectful words against the President of
the United States in violation of the four
teenth article of war."
It appears from the evidence that when
the* news of the shooting of President Me-
Kinley was received at Fort, Ethan Allen
Devlne expressed great satisfaction over
the crime and applied an uncomplimen
tary epithet to the late President.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 39.— The court
martial called to inquire into the charges
preferred against Captain O. P. Sloat,
Company K, Seventh Regiment, National
Guard of California, has decided that the
accused officer must stand trial for al
leged offenses upon some of the specirica
tions made by" Colonel J. R. Berry. The
hearing will be resumed next Saturday.
Sloat Must Stand Trial.
ROSEBURG, Ore., Sept. 30.— The Pull
man dining car Yosemite was robbed of
$415 and the conductor's gold watch last
night. Conductor G. R. Wilkinson, four
cooks and four waiters were asleep in the
car. The robbers gained entrance by th"e
outside door being unlocked. They
escaped, leaving no clue. The men in the
car claim they heard nothing.
Pullman Dining Car Bobbed.
Coils Tighten About Al
leged Murderer of
, Blochman.
Industrious Cat Hatches
Out Brood of Seven
Chickens.
Soldier. Is Convicted for
Gratification Over
Assassination.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 30.-
To-morrow has been declared a university
holiday in honor of the tenth anniversary
of the opening of the university. Ad
dresses delivered by Senator Stanford,
President Jordan and others on October 1,
1891. will be read. It was expected that
Mrs. Stanford would arrive from New
York in time for the exercises, but she
will not reach the * university before
October 10.
Stanford's Tenth Anniversary.
SAN JOSE FELINE
TURNS INCUBATOR
BAD 2TEWS FOB. PUGET
SOUND FISHERMEN
Investigation Shows Tliat the Sock
eye Salmon Spawns in Cana
dian "Waters Only.
SEATTLE, Sept, 30.— The committee
sent out by the fishing interests of Lower
Puget Sound to learn If sockeye salmon
ran up the tributaries of the Fraser
Ever into United States territory to
spawn has finished its work and its re
port will be a crushing bloW to American
lishing interests, so far as ihe sockoye
is concerned.
The sockeye spawns In waters wholly
\u25a0within British Columbia territory. This
particular fish is the choicest packed on
Puget Sour.d and Americans have offered
to put in a hatchery on the Fraser River
.it their own expense, but British Co
lumbia has rejected every advance.
SUSPECT KELSO
HAS A BAD DAY
yj- TONIGHTS and ladles, historical
l^r and mythological heroes and he-
InV roines, soldiers and artists and
H X^. the writers of great verses
jostled one' another at the Na
tive Sons' Hall last evening. The occasion
was the opening of the Carnival of An
cient and Modern Arts, given by* the "Wo
men's Educational and Industrial Union.
Booths lined each side of the hall, and
various articles, artistic and utilitarian,
were offered for sale by ladies appropri
ately gowned to typify the nationalities
MUST DO TIME
FOR HIS WORDS
which , they respectively represented.
There were booths of several nations.
They were gay with bunting, gleaming
stars of gold and a large array of orna
mental accessories.
The band of the Hebrew Orphan Asy
lum furnished music for the grand march
which opened the programme of the even
ing. Tliis was a very pleasing -spectacle.
At the head of the procession was Uncle
Sam, accompanied by Columbia: Aaron
Powers was Uncle Sam and Miss Ida
Roberts represented Columbia. Between
300 aiyl 400 ladles and gentlemen, all in
goddess; Dr. Anna Joost will impersonate
Germania; Miss Alvina Velleguth, Erin;
Miss B. Adler, Italia. \u25a0
The carnival opened brilliantly, . giving
promise of fine entertainment throughout
the week. The purpose of the carnival
is to raise funds for a home for the Wo
men's Educational and Industrial .Union,
of which Madame Sorbier is the president.
The home assists \u25a0women to learn trades
and occupations by which they may earn
a living. The present accommodations
are insufficient and the rent is a tax upon
the income from which the managers
wish to be freed. . ' - \u25a0- \. - —
TRENTON, N. J., Sept. 30.— Joe Gans
of Baltimore to-night at the Trenton Ath
letic Club knocked out Jimmy Handler
of Newark in the first round of .what
was to have been a twenty-round bout.
In two minutes Handler was knocked
down four times by the colored man.
Handler opened with jabs and short
leads, but Gans easily evaded them. Gans
then rushed and as he did so he hooked
Handler with left to the jaw and dropped
him. Handler arose, but sparred wildly
and was again put down. He was very
groggy and barely able to defend him
self and down he went again with" a
short swing on the chin.. He arose
quickly, when Gans rushed and planted
his left cleanly on the jaw, sending
Handler down again. Handler got to his
knees and staggered toward the ropes
when he toppled over and was counted
cut. (>
Newark Pugilist Is Dropped Four
Times and Finally Put Out in
the First Bound.
JOE GANS KNOCKS OUT
HANDLES Df QUICK TIM..3
STOCKTON. Sept. 30.— Sheriff Sibley
and his deputies are making strenuous
efforts to locate the man who stole two
mules from the Butler ranch in this
county last week and then set fire to the
place, with the result that a number of
norses and mules were burned to death.
Residents of the country about Butler's
place, which is located in the southeastern
part cf the county, are aroused and
should the man be captured by the farm
ers he will be severely dealt with. A
reward has been offered for his capture
The stolen mules have been recovered
having been turned loose by the thief.
to Punish, an Incendiary
Marauder.
San Joaquin County Ranchers Eager
SETS FUtE TO A BAEJT
AFTEB. STEAUNG MULES
KALAIIA. Wash., Sept. 30.— Benjamin
J. Goe. who shot and killed Edward Mc
lntyre at Olequa. Wash., on the night of
September 22, was arrested at Winlock
last night and brought to Kalama by
Sheriff Huntington this morning. He is
now i^ged in the Cowiitz County JaiL
The crime for which Goe was arrested
was committed at Hammerson's hop
yards at Olequa. There was no direct
evidence against Goe and the circum
stantial evidence was very meager, but
Goe removed all question as to his guilt
by making a full confession.
Edward Mclntyre and Thomas Joy were
passing Goe's quarte.-s at the hop yards
when Goe's dog ran out and Mclntyre
said: "Shoot him." Joy drew his revolver,
and, as he says, shot in the air. Goe,
hearing the remark and the pistol shot,
jumped out of bed and fired two shots at
Mclntyre and Joy, one shof striking Mc
lntyre in the back and causing his death
in a few hours.
der of Edward Mclntyre at
Olequa.
KHXS THE MAN WHO
THREATENS HIS BOG
Benjamin J. Goe Confesses tns lur-
FRESNO, Sept. 30.— The low price for
raisins — less than three cents in the sweat
box— quoted by the directors of the Cali
fornia Raisin Growers' Association, has
e>. asperated the anti-Kearney element and
many Kearneyites and a call for a mass
mreting of growers, to be held on Octo
ber 2, has been issued by a committee of
raisin men. The circular terms the low
ligure quoted a violation of the contract
under which the association claims con
trol of the crop. It calls upon growers
to postpone delivery of raisins until ac
tion can be taken to enforce fulfillment of
•the association's side of the contract.
The consensus of opinion among the
rx«lsin men is that 4 cents would be a fair
competitive price and that this figure
covld be obtained if there were no associa
tion. It is believed that a majority of
the association's members will refuse to
deliver their raisins and will combine to
resist suits if they be commenced.
President Kearney, speaking for- the
directors, in reply to a demand that they
resign, says to the growers:
"11 you will sign the leases we will
ClEc"ly resign. If that is your desire, for
we feel that the signing of the leases
guarantees to all the success of the associ
ation and higher prices for raisins for
three years."
He follows this with a lengthy defense
of the directors' action.
Slash, in the Price of Their
Product.
Up in Arms Over the Association's
KAISIN-GROWEBS TAKE
ISSTTE WITH DIRECTORS
Larone is now at the camp recuperat
ing. He believes he could not possibly
have survived anotner day.
Larone was revived enough to tell his
story to-day. 'He left Vancouver early in
August,.' He had been drinking -much,
and his friends were not far wrong -when
they -feared he had wandered off in a fit
of delirium." For days the loggers at the
Mclntyre camp searched for him, but
without result. * He says he walked for
days. • He ate berries and bark and just
managed.' to keep alive. The pangs of
hunger wore off the influence of the
liquor, and he. had a sense of the danger
of death, but he could do nothing but
crawl along. He lost flesh rapidly, and
each day he feared that the -succeeding
one would be his last. For an entire
month he struggled for life. He tried to
catch fish out of the brooks, and was
forced to eat toads and small reptiles that
he could easily catch. -
After thirty-five days of wandering, La
rone caught a porcupine, and the eating
of it undoubtedly saved his life. For
four days he lived on the raw meat and
gathered a little fresh strength. Fortu
nately he did not meet any wild animals,
arid there was little to break the mo
notony. It was four days after he heard
the engine whistle at the bay before he
was able to reach the track. He crawled
most of the way on his hands and knees,
for he staggered and fell heavily if he
attempted to walk. He dragged himself
near the railway line and waited, and
later was picked up.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept 3O.-With
only a flickering spark of life left in a
frame wasted by forty-six days of con
tinuous hunger, Fred Larore, a mining
man well known here, returned to Van
couver to-day.
Since August II, Larone has been lost in
the woods. His experience was a horrible
one. There are days of which he remem
bers practically nothing, and the period
of his starvation is like* one -continuous
nightmare. Too feeble to stand, wan and
pale of face and absolutely helpless, La
rone was picked up by the loggers at
Wulffsohn Bay and brought into camp.
Men who knew- Larone two months ago,
when he weighed 210 pounds and was a
finely built man, do not recognize him
now in the slender, shriveled being who
weighs barely. 140, and who has appar
ently-passed through -the valley of the
shadow of death. - - •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' PETALUMA, Sept 30.— The State
Grange of California, Patrons of- Hus
bandry, will convene in annual session In
this city to-morrow. Hundreds of guests
arrived to-day and the city is preparing
to give them a pleasant week's entertain
ment. The session will bo the thirty
fourth In the history of the grange. Four
hundred representatives of subordinate
granges will attend.
Among those who arrived this morning
were Grand Master . Worthen and wife of
San Jose, Grand Treasurer A. D. Logan
of San Francisco; Grand Secretary Mrs.
Brasch of San Francisco and Grand
Trustee H. F\ Blohm of Watsonville.
With other grand officers all are busily
engaged with the local committees in pre
paring the work for the week.
The Petal uma Grange and the Board of
Trade have spared nothing in arranging
their.programme. The local committee is
composed of G. P. McNear, D. \V. Ravens
croft, F. A. Cromwell, J.' E. Olmsted and
M. C Hopkins. Masonic Temple, where
the business seslons are to be ueld, has
been elaborately decorated, as lias
Turners' Hall, where the social functions
of the week will be carried on.
The first session of the grange will open
at 11 o'clock to-morrow forenoon, con
tinuing during the afternoon. In the even
ing the visitors will be officially welcomed
to the city by the Mayor and citizens.
Wednesday will be "woman's day" and
the work of the order win be performer
by women's drill teams. On Thursday
and Friday mornings business willbe re
sumed. Ihe Pomona and Flora degrees
will be bestowed on Thursday evening
upon a class and there will be a harvest
feast, a literary entertainment and a ba~.
The visitors will be escorted through the
country on a tour of inspection of chicken
ranches and farms on Saturday.
Headquarters have been established at
the American Hotel and there to-night
the reception committee had its hands full
receiving the guests.
The grand officers who will attend the
session are: Master, G. U. "Worthen, San
Jose; overseer, C. W. Emery, Oakland;
lecturer J. S. Taylor, Napa; steward, E.
C. Shoemaker, Visalia; assistant steward,
J. C. Steele Jr., Pescadero; chaplain, Mrs.
S. H. Dewey, Oakland; treasurer, A. X>.
Logan, San Francisco; secretary, Mrs.
L. w. Brasch, San Francisco; gatekeeper,
M. D. Hopkins. Petaluma: pomona. Miss
Belle Johnston, Sacramento; flora. Miss
Etta Corwell, Sacramento; ceres, Mrs.
Cor* Beecher, Stockion; L. A. S., Miss
Delma Green, Courtland; organist. Miss
Lena Soil. Sheldon; executive committee,
O. W. Worthen. San Jose; H. F. Blohm.
"Watsonvelle; Daniel iTlint, Sacramento;
"W. D. Hcux, Petaluma.
Special Dlsaatch to The Call.
Too Weak to '- Walk, He
Crawls for Weeks in
Search of Pood.
Sonoma Town Plans "Week
of Entertainment for Its
Guests.
Hunger Torture3 Man
Lost in Canadian
Wilderness.
Their Thirty-Fourth An
nual Session Will
*Open To-Day. .
FORTY-SIX DAYS
OF STARVATION
GRANGERS POUR
INTO PETALUMA
BRILLIANT SPECTACLE ATTENDS
OPENING OF CARNIVAL OF ARTS
Uncle Sam and Columbia Lead Grand March in Which Are Knights
and Ladies and Heroes of Many Periods in History*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1901.
fancy costumes, took part In the march.
After that there were tableaux illustra
tive of scenes from the works • of . Presi
dent Benjamin Ide i "Wheeler, Professor
Charles Mills Gayley and H. C. Christie,
the artist. Alexander the Great was pic
tured as entering the tent of Darius in
the, first 'tableau. Then, there were scenes
from classic mythology and an American
Colonial scene.
The carnival will be open every even-
Ing in the week. This evening will be
' the British night, and Johnny Bull • will
take part in the grand march, represent
ed by Mr. Murray. Every evening a-dif
ferent nationality will be represented in
the march, but Uncle Sam and Columbia
"\u25a0will be at the head, with the national
representative of the foreign land march
ing between them. On the French night
Miss Nevada Hess..will be the French
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
- est shaving soap in all the
world.
AH sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts
of Btr.re* «fll '».V«npciallv rimfvists.
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
22O BROADWAY, N. T.
PALACE HOTEL.
For. a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAIN D HOTEL.
S H I Bhb I E« \u25a0 K«K
LEADING \: BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WES
'•'*: 24 Post st., San "Francisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
- Write for 80-page catalogue (free).' :
6AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
1236 Market Street.
- Actual business bookkeeping: only expert ac-
countants and reporters . a*— teachers ; Gregg
shorthand, the easiest, fastest: and most -read-
able. Day and evening. - FULL COURSE. |S0.
- JJEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPLIT, BRITTLE, ] DULL HAIR.
AH Come From Dandruff, Which Is
Caused by a Germ. -
Spilt hair, harsh hair, . lusterless hair,
brittle hair, falling hair,* all l! owe ,' their
origin to dandruff, which Is caused by a
measly little microbe that burrows into
the scalp, throwing " up , the cuticle into
dandruff scales and sapping the", vitality
of -the hair at the root, causing the sev-
eral diseased, conditions "of the. hair till
it finally falls out. Modern" science haa
discovered: a remedy to' destroy, the dan-
druff ' microbe; .which . Is combined In
Newbro'sHerpicide; which may be had of
any druggist. : Allays itching instantly
and makes . hair, soft as j silk; .Take no
substitute ; nothing "just ! as good." "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
you
miserable!
Why don't you get over it— why don't
you .take a good medicine — one that
will stop your catarrh and relieve you
of that constant hawking, choking and
spitting?
You certainly don't like to be con-
tinually raising phlegm and decayed
matter. It makes you miserable and is
a serious annoyance to your friends.
Quit it — take Dr. Halpruner's Won-
derful Medicine and use it conscien-
tiously and you will be cured of your
catarrh in a short time. Demand the
genuine
J-fa Ipruner's
If yottr druggist has not got It or will not get
It for you, send direct to the Halpruner Medi-
cs 1 Manufacturing Co.. 28 Calif ornia . street, or
telephone to Bush 463 and a bottle will be de-
livered to you.
ADVEBTISETiTETTTS.
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also Telieve distress from Dy»--
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea. Drowsiness. Bad Taster
in the Month. Coated Tonsrue. Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. Then
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. . Small Dose.
Small Price. '-T, '"> :'.-
AMUSEMENTS. '
Vaudeville's Leading Lights!
Wilfred Clarke and Co., Boyce and
Wilson, Madge Fox, Arnold Gra-
zer and Blanche Trelease, The
Svengalis, Press Eldridge, Parroa
Brothers, Dorothy Morton and tha
Biograph.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c: Box Seats,
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
bUkUlWijDlA LEADING THEATHI
SEATS NOW SELLING FOR
TO-NIGHT. "WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY,
. FRIDAY, SATURDAY AND
, SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
10O IN THE GREAT CAST.
THE MUSICAL HIT OF THREE
CONTINENTS.
T— NIGHTS EACH WEEK— T
"Packed from stalls to coon pit."— San
. Francisco Post
1 "EVEN BETTER THAN LAST YEAR."
i TO-NIGH »
I And All This "Week— MaOnce Saturday.
America's Most Notable Minstrel Organization.
\A/7V\. H. WEST'S
BICi Hl B h- class
iMIINSTREL ?EvE sy
JUBILEE. presented
See the Big Golf Parade to-day at 3 p. m.
\u25a0> SEATS NOW READY. :. -
Next Sunday 'Night—
HERRMANN, the Gpeat.
IN NEW AND MYSTIFYING H.LUSIONS.
SEATS THURSDAY. .%.-:-- v r
Curtain Rises at 8 sharp, account of Length
of Performance.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT. "Wednesday, Friday, Saturday,
LAST TIMES OF V
CARMEN.
Thursday, Sunday Nights and Saturday
Matinee,
CA VALLERIA
VFAGL1ACCI
"Masked Ball"— (Next "Week)— "Nabacca "
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
BEEASCO AMBTHJUM&jfegft^
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK!
"MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Powerful Melo-
drama, . \u25a0
"KIDNAPPED"
Replete with emotional interest, roperb cli-
maxes, realistic situations, amusing comedy. |
PDiTC Evenings 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c, S0e
tnlWCJ Matinees .\ 10c. IScw'Ssj
Next Week— "BEACON LIGHTS." Zl
flLVHHATR rTA \u25ba
v A DECIDED SUCCESS, . ,i, 4 j
'/\u25a0THE NEW ALCAZAR STOCK." ; ; l
Every Night Ihis Week, \
R. G. Carton's Play, . , 1
"LIBERTY HALL'S
New Scenery. Unique Stage Effects. , *
: ;V "Seats— 15c to 75c.
. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— "TOO MUCH JOHNSON."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK,
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Shakespeare's Great Play,
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE 1 .
JOSEPH HAWORTH as SHYLOCK.'
POPULAR PRICES— lCc, 15c, 25c, 50c, lie. f
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinee*. ZCc. *i
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.,
Next Week— Joseph Haworth In "HAMLET.'Vi
FT^fTHFR'S concert houseJ
RAZILLIA PANTOMIME COMPANY: ,AUe*|
de Leon;' Richards and Relyea; Rosaline; Rob-f
ert Nome; Sam Holdsworth; Lynton and Wildes
Agnes George, and Hinricha' Orchestra. •
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.:..:
OPEN NIGHTS.
J.SUTRO BATHS.
. Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:20 p. m,
"ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, 5c. -
Bathing, including admission. 25c Children. 20c.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
$1 per Year. |Dimmick's Trial Set.
The trial of "Walter N. Dimmlck on
two indictments charging him with em
bezzling Government money from the
San Francisco Mint was set by United
States District Judge de Haven yester
day for October 8.
Examinations for teachers will be con
ducted on Saturday at the Girls' High
School and at the same place in the lat
ter part of December. All who applied
before are eligible to take either or both
of the examinations, the fact that they
were not selected in the first instance
being no bar to attempts in the future
to secure positions.
After nearly two years of waiting the
Board of Education yesterday afternoon
elected the first batch of new teachers
to the department. There were twenty
seven selected on the "preferential and
allotment" system. Mrs. Kincaid, presi
dent of the board, was In the chair
promptly at 2:30 o'clock, Directors Den
man and Mark were in their offices, but
Director Casserly, who had been seen
around the board rooms previous to the
hour of meeting, was nowhere in evi
dence.
After an hour he returned and the
board, accompanied by a large pair of
shears, adjourned to an anteroom, where
the prepared list of names was divided.
On the return to the meeting-room Di
rector Denman explained the plan that
had been adopted. From, the 157 appli
cants who had submitted their names
twenty-seven had been selected. These
were divided into two classes, known as
"experience'.' and "training school."
Seventeen were in the first- class and ten
in the second.
Superintendent Webster conducted the
lottery, his hat being the ' wheel from
which the prize of "order of preference"
was drawn, the result being as follows:
Elizabeth B. Moore, Cecilia M. Gllchrist,
Dorothy Vogelsang, Clare E. Rodgers, May E.
A. Gray, Kathryn H. Daly. Mollie McLaren,
Lois Angeline Peckham, Annie Whitley, Agnes
McDonald, Kernan Robson, Anna Dwyer,
Ellen C. Galnes, Ethel Washington, Ida L.
Downing, Clinton E.' Miller, Annie Harrower,
Adelaide M. Cobb, Emma L. Noonan, Edith
S. Humphrey, Elvtna Berard. Marie F. d'Or.
Maude Schendel, Helen M. Hogan, Margaret
A. Noon, May T. Gaffney, Anna G. Brittain.
As a number of these teachers are out
of the city at present all were instructed
to report for duty not later than Monday,
October 14, at 8:30 a. m. As they report
they will be assigned to the substitute
list and as vacancies occur will be placed
on the eligible list. From this they will
be assigned to positions under a two
years' probation before being finally
elected to the department.
Lots Are Drawn to Determine
the Order of Future
Preference.
Board of Education Adds
to Department
Staff.
NAME TEACHERS
BY NEW METHOD
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front' (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide .Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Sailed Sept 28 — Stmr Acapulco, for San Fran
cisco; gtmr Newport, for Panama.
YOKOHAMA-Salled Sept 28— Jap stmr
America Maru, for San Francisco.
MORORAN— Arrived Sept 25— Br stmr Glen
o^Ie, • from Tacoma.
DUNG ENESS— Passed Sept 28— Ger bark
Magdalene, from Portland for Hamburg.
CALLAO-Sailed Sept 9— Nor bark Ida, for
Vancouver. 30— Ger - stmr Ramses, for San
Francisco.
SHIELDS— Sailed Sept 29— Br bark Inverlyon.
for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWJs T -Salled Sept 30-Br bark
Auldgirth, for Runcorn.
EUNDERLAND— Arrived Sept 27— Br ship
Port Crawford, hence May 23.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Sept 29— Br bark Lyn
tor, from Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 29-Ger ship Ed
mund, hence June 9.
ENSENADA— Sailed SeDt 30— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. \
OCEAN STEAMERS. '
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 30-Stmr Trave,
from Genoa.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.— Arrived Sept 30— Stmr
Grecian, from Liverpool . for Halifax.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived " Sept 30— Stmr Buenos
Ayrean and Lake Champlaln, from Montreal.
MOVILLE— Arrived Sept 30— Stmr Australian,
from Montreal for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 30— Stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, from New York,
via Cherbourg and Bremen.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Sept 30— Stmr Aller,
from New York for Naples and Genoa.
Sailed Sept 30 — Stmr Hohenzollern, from Ge
noa and Naples for New York.
AUCKLAND-Sailed Sept . 28-Stmr Sonoma,
from Sydney, NSW,, for San Francisco.
GLASGOWr-SaUed" Sept 28— Stmr Samaritan,
for Montreal." .;^ ; : . ' \u25a0 ;. ":
Steamer Movements.
\u25a0 TUESDAY. OCTOBER 1.
Sun rises 6;04
Sun sets 5 :55
Moon rises 8:22 p. m.
Time I Time Time Time
Date 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
HW L W H W L W
1 ... 1:59 5.0 6:68 2^1 1:14 6.1 7:58 —0.4
2... 3:01 4.8 7:43 2.6 2:01 6.8 8:56—0.3
3... 4:09 4.7 8:49 3.0 3:00 5.7 10:06—0.2
4 ... 5:19 4.7 10:05 3.2 4:04 6.4 11:14 0.0
5 ... 6:27 4.7 11:29 3.2 5:16 5.1
L W H W L W H W
6 ... 0:19 0.1 7:25 5.0 12:46 2.7 6:35 5.0
7 .. 1:15 0.3 8:15 5.2 1:51 2.3 7:46 5.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of ' the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
R. "W. Campbell, junior member of the
law firm of Campbell, Metson & Campbell,
and his bride will arrive here this morn
im? from New York. They will be the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Campbell at
the Palace. The young couple were re
cently married in the East. Mr. Camp
bell bride is a daughter of Judge E. H.
Gearyfl president of the board of direo
tors of the combined steel- companies.
Campbell Coming Home.
On August 31 the internal revenue office
was examined by Revenue Agent Thom
as. All the stamps on hand were counted
and the records and reports checked.
Collector Lynch yesterday received a
communication from Commissioner J. W.
Yerkes stating that the lists and cash
and stamp accounts -were In balance and
that the grade of the office is fixed at
No. 1.
Internal Revenue Examination.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 20, 1001. • : .
The. time ball on. the tower of the new Kerry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-flay—
1. - e., at : noon ot the ' 120th meridian, " or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. • : \u25a0 .
J. B. MILTON,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.y In charge.
Time Ball.
Special Hates
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
fcnd bolders of nine months" excursion
tickets Dates of sale, September 22 to
November 10 inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature ana
rull information rail at Santa Fe offices,
4U iisrket St.. and ferry depot.
The twelfth juror for the trial of Pat
riii Clancy, special officer, for the murder
of Attorney J. N. E. Wilson was secured
yesterday afternoon in the person of
Charles w. Doe and the trial commenced.
The only witnesses examined were Cor
poral George W. Russell of the Police De
panment, who explained a drawing of the
scene of the shooting, and Dr. Emmet
R*xfQrd. who was called in to attend Wil
603.
Trial of Wilson's Slayer.
The Rev. George C. Adams of the First
Ci ngregatlonal Church, who recently re
turned from the Hawaiian Islands, de
li\ered an interesting talk on Hawaiian
missionaries before the Congregational
Ministers' Union yesterday morning. He
pa'.J a nice tribute to President Dole and
spoke highly of the work being done by
ihe church workers. Rev. E. P. Dennett
nad a paper on social conditions before
the Methodist Episcopal Ministers' Union.
"Weekly Ministers' Meetings.
The applicants are genuine students un
der the meaning of the act, and of this
fact the Collector has no doubt they
having been strongly recommended by
Christian missionaries, but he refuses to
allow them their freedom until they shall
have complied with the strict require
ments cf the law.
Customs Collector Stratton received an
order yesterday from Immigration Com
missioner Powderly to allow Fel Chi and
Hung Hfeiang Hal, Chinese students, to
remain here until they can procure cer
tificates from China, as required by the
exclusion act. The applicants are stu
dents on their way to Oberlin College.
They came to this city with a passport
signed by Li Hung Chang, but Collector
Stratton decided that a passport even
from the Empress Dowager would be of
no value, because the act requires a cer
tificate, not a passport.
Li Hung Chang's Proteges Must Pro
cure the Certificates Required*
by Exclusion Act.
PASSPORTS NOT GOOD
FOR CHINESE STUDENTS
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. • From. Due. .
Crescent City.. Crescent City Oct. 1
Aberdeen Humboldt Oct. 1
Enterprise..... New -York via Panama Oct. 1
Coronado Redondo Oct. 1
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 1
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 2
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 2
Curacao Mexican Ports ;. Oct. 2
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 2
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 2
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct.* 3
Memphis Seattle Oct. 3
Asuncion Seattle Oct. 3
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. 4
Acapulco Panama & Way ' Ports Oct. 4
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 4
Mackinaw. .... Tacoma ' , . . . Oct. 4
Matteawan — Tacoma ;?.?. Oct. 4
Mandalay...... Coqullle River Oct. 4
Eureka Humboldt '. Oct. 4
Argyll New York via Panama Oct. u
San Pedro Humboldt ...Oct. 5
Czarina ;.. Seattle and Tacoma Oct. -6
Aroqulpa Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct. 7
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Oct. 7
Coptic China and Japan Oct. 8
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 1.
North Fork.. Humboldt ....12 m Pier 2
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 p"m Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
October 3. )
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 mlPier 10
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Corona Redondo & Way.. 9 am. Pier 11
Walla Walla Puget Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra: Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
October 4.
Empire....... Coos Bay ....;..... 12 m Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier -.0
- \u25a0 . October 5.
Peru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 0.
Santa Rosa.. San Dlepo & Way 9 am Pier 11
October 7.
Point Arena.. Point Arena...'..... 2 pm Pier 2
Memphis Hamburg & Way. 2 pm Pier 27
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
October 8. \u25a0
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Umatilla Puget Sound Portsjll am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. [\u25a0 Due.
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. S
Senator Nome direct Oct. 2
Humboldt...... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 3
Queen.. Nome direct .Oct. 3
City of.Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 6
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. G
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 6
City o£ Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 8
Bertha, Valdez and Kodiak.... Oct. 10
Al-Kl... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Beacon No. 5— A three-pile triangular beacon,
with the upper part crossed with slats. The
superstructure is painte4 black, with the fig
ure 5 In white on each of its three sides: It
Is situated on the port side of the channel in
the tame position as the old beacon No. 5. It
is in 7 feet at low water. Bearings: Beacon
No. 7. E. by N-.. 1 mile; Coronado Tower, SE.
% E. : La Playa (Quarantine Wharf) Light,
SW. T4 S.
Beacon No. S— A three-pile triangular beacon,
with the upper part crossed with elate The
superrtructure Is painted red. with the figure
£ in black on each of its three sides. It is
situated on the starboard side of the channel
in the same position as the old single-pile
beacon between old beacon No. 6 and Diamond
beacon. It Is In 4 feet at low water. Bear
ing*: Beacon No. 10. E. M N.. V, mile: Coro
nado Tower. . SE Vi S. ; Beacon No. 3, WSW,
% W.
Beacon Nj. .10— A, four-pile beacon, sur
mounted by a lamphouse, with the top 12 feet
abwe mean hi«h water, carrying a fixed red
lens lantern llsht. The superstructure u
SAN DIEGO BAY. CAL.
Notice is hereby given that the beacons in
San Diero Bay; Cal.. have been rebuilt and re
numbered. The following is a description of
the beacons, with the bearings:
Beacon No. 2— A four-pile beacon surmounted
by a lcmnhouse with the top 18 feet above
mean high water, carrying a fixed red lens
lantern light. The superstructure of the bea
con-is painted red with a figure 2 in black on
eacn of its four sides. It is situated on the
starboard side of the channel, in 10 feet' of
water, 125 feet E. by N. % N. from the old
beaccn No. 2. The bottom is hard sand. Bear
inge: Coronado Tower, ESE. %. E; Ballast
Point Lighthouse, S. ft E., 1 mile; La Playa
(Quarantine Wharf) Lieht, W. by S., % mile.
Beacon No. 1— A three-pile triangular beacon
with the upper part crossed with slats. The
superstructure is painted black with the figure
1 In white on each of its three sides. It is
situated on the port side of the channel, 60 feet
magnetic 8. from the old beacon No. 3. The
bottom is hard sand. It is in 12 feet at low
water. Bearings: Beacon No. 3. NNE. % E.;
Coronado Tower, ESE. % E.; La Playa (Quar
antine Wharf) Light, SSW. % W., % mile.
Beacon No. 4— A three-pile triangular beacon,
with the upper part crossed with slats. Tht
superstructure is painted red. with the figure
4 in Mack on each of its three sides. It is
situated on the starboard side r.t the channel
in the same position as old beacon No. 4. It
is in three feet at low water. Bearings—Bea
con No. 6. NE. ft E., Vi mile; Coronado Tower,
SE by E % E. ; Ballast Point Lighthouse and
Old Tower in range, S. by W. .
Beaccn No. 3— This beacon was formerly No.
Z'-k. No change has been made except to num
ber It No. 3. It is in 5 feet at low water.
Bearings: lieacons Nos. 6 and 10 in range.
ENE. % E. : Coronado Tower, SE. by-E. Vt E. ;
Ballast Point Lighthouse, S. hi W., 1% miles.
B»aci» No. 6— A four-pile beacon, surmounted
by a lamphDuse, with the top 18 feet above
mean hieh water, carrying a fixed red lens
lantern light. The superstructure Is painted
red, with the figure 6 in black on each of it3
four RldeR. It is situated on the starboard side
of the channel in the same position as old
baacor. No. 6. It Is in 8 feet at low water.
Bearlr.Ks: Beacon No. 10. ENE. % E., % mile;
Coronado Tower. SV.. % E.; La Playa (Quar
antine Wharf) Light. SW.
Notice to Mariners.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. September 30.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 1G hours fm West
port. Redwood City direct.
Stmr Scotia. Walvlg, 19 hours frm Rockport.
Stmr Santa Cruz, ilinkle, — hours fm south
ern r>orts.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, 4 hours fm Ames
port. •
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 26 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, 16 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Celia, Higglns, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing. Up river direct. »
CLEARED.
Monday, September 30.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railway and Navigation Co.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle; Thomas Pol
lack."
Ger ehip Erato, Pitsmeler. Queenstown; G W
McNear.
Fr bark Marechal de Villars, Rloual, Queens
town; Girvln.& Eyre.
Brig Galilee, HelUnzsen, Mahukona via Pu
aka; Hind, Rolph & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, September 30.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedereen, Oyster Harbor.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC. . ; .„
POINT LOBOS— Sept. 30, 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind calm.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Brig Courtney Ford, bound from Everett for
Unga, was spoken on Sept 17 in 53 N 148 47 W.
with maintopmast, foretopmast and foretop
callantinast carried away. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT— Launched Sept 29— Bktn Aurora.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Dirlgo, fm
Skaguay; Ger stmr Memphis, from Tacoma.
Sailed Sept 29— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skaguay.
BANDON— Arrived Sent 30— Stmr Mandalay,
hence Sept 26. »
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 30— Stmr Bangor, fm
Unca.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr New
burg, from Grays 'Harbor.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Chlco,
from Seattle. •
REDONDO- Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Luella.
SEATTLE— Sailed SeDt 30— Stmr Roanoke,
for Nome: Ger stmr Memphis, for San Fran
cisco, i
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 30— Stmr
San Mateo. for Nanaimo.
Arrived Sept 30 — Stmr Alcatraz. from Green
wood.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Sept 80— Stmr Mat
teawan, hence Sept 26 for Tacoma; Nor stmr
Horda, hence Sept 26 for Oyster Harbor. Passed
out Sept 30 — Ship Henry Falling, from Tacoma
for Sydney.
PORT, GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 30— Schr Marie
E Smith, for Honolulu.
. PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept 30— Schr J M
Colman, from Port Townsend. « \u25a0 • - .-.
BALLARD— Sailed Sept 28— Schr . Nokomis.
for Honolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 30— Stmr Pomona, he
Sept 29; stmr Iaqua, from Redondo. :
ASTORIA— Sailed fiept 80— Stmr . Columbia,
for San Francisco; Br stmr Glamorganshire,
for United Kinedom.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 30— Stmr George
Loomis. hence Sept 29, and sailed Sept 30 for
San Francisco. " . ;
GRAYS : HARBOR— Arrived SeDt 28— Schr
Lillebor.ne, hence Sept 19.
Sailed Seat 29— Schr Wempey Brothers, for
SanPedr °- EASTERN PORT." ,
NEW YORK — Arrived Sept 30— Ship Iroquols,
hence May 23, with loss of main topgallant and
mlzzen topmast carried away.
FOREIGN PORTS. , : . . £
ACAPULCO— Arrived Sept 28— Ship Kennebec,
from Newcastle, Australia.
The French bark Marechal de Villars cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with 54,721
ctls barley, valued at $50,000, 12,002 ctls wheat,
valued at $57,700 and 15,000 ft lumber as dun
nage, valued at $350.'
The German ship Erato also cleared yester
day for Queenstown with 59,144 ctls wheat,
valued at $57,700, and 15,000 ft lumber as dun
nage, valued at $225.
Grain for Europe.
The Defiance will load lumber at Grays Har
bor for Suva; the Norwegian steamer Hero,
wheat at Tacoma for Europe. 40s, chartered
prior to arrival; the Italian steamer F. S.
Ciampa, wheat here for St. Vincent for orders,
33s 9d; the Foxteth, merchandise for London
direct.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. ,
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Italian steamship F. S. Ciampa,
which arrived here a few days ago from
Talcahuano, just twelve hours too late
to save her charter, has been engaged to
carry grain to St. Vincent.
Reinsurance on the German ship Sirene,
Captain Sauermilch, 155 days from Bre
men for Honolulu, was yesterday quoted
at 8 Der cent.
The ship Falls of Halladale, Captain
William Fordyce, now at Portland load
ing grain for George W. McNear, has
been sold to Thomas Law & Co. of Glas
gow.
Water Front Notes.
THE United States army transport
Hancock will sail to-day at noon
for Manila. She will carry 150
recruits and a number of cabin
passengers, civilian and military.
The Hancock is carrying a large cargo
of supplies for the army in the Philip
pines. She is laden to her full limit and
in spite of the strike is getting away on
schedule time and in as good shape as
the most exacting authorities would ask.
AFTER SEVENTEEN YEAJRS.
John B. Milton Again in Charge of
Hydrogjaphic Office.
Lieutenant Commander John B. Milton,
United States navy, yesterday assumed
charge of the branch hydrographic office
at the Merchants' Exchange. He relieves
Lieutenant Commander Calkins, who left
last night for Portsmouth, N. H., where
he will take command of the Vixen, one
of the yachts purchased during the late
war aitd now converted into a survey
vessel. Lieutenant Commander Milton es
tablished the branch hydrographic office
in this city seventeen years ago. Prior
to his present appointment he was ex
ecutive officer of the Wisconsin, the con
struction of which vessel he superintend
ed at the Union Iron Works. Commander
Milton's appointment will probably be
but a temporary one as he to-day takes
the examination at Mare Island for pro
motion. He was appointed to the naval
academy from Kentucky and entered the
service in 1866.
painted red, with the number 10 in black in
side of a black diamond on each of its four
sides. It is situated on the starboard side of
the channel in the same position as the oil
diamond beacon. In 8 feet at low water. Bear
ings: Krid of Santa Fe Wharf, E. % S-, 1
mile; Coronado • Tower, SE. by S. ; Old Tower,
SSW. % W. I "
Beacon No. 7— A three-pile triangular beacon,
with the u»Der part crossed with slats. The
superstructure Is painted black, with the fig
ure 7 In white on each of its three sides.
It is situated on the port side of the channel
in the same position as the old single-pile bea
con, between old beacons Nos. 5 and 7. It Is
In 11 feet at low water. Bearlnes: Beacon
No. 9, ESE. % E., % mile; Coronado Tower,
S. by E., % E.; Beacon No. 3.-SW. by W.
% W.
Beacon No. 9— A three-pile triangular beacon,
with the upper part crossed with slats. The
superstructure Is painted black, with the flg
ure 9 In white on each of its three sides. It is
situated on the port side of the channel in 8
feet of water in the position formerly occu
pied by the old abandoned beacon No. 7. The
bottom is soft mud. Bearings: End of coal
bunker wharf, SE. by E.. % E. t 14, mile; Coro
nado Tower, S. by E., % E. ; Beaccn No.' 10,
tVSW. %\W.
Beacon No. 12— A three-pile trianrular bea
con, with the upper part crossed with slats.
The superstructure Is painted red, with the
number 12 in black on each of its three sides.
It is situated on the starboard side of the
channel in the same position as old beacon
No. 8. It Is In 14 feet at low water. Bear
ings: E. end of P. C. S. S. Co.'s Whnrf. N
% W, % mile; Coronado Tower, SSW.; Beacon
No. 9, NW, % W. .
\u25a0 By order of the Lighthouse Board.
, IT. SEBKEE, Commander. U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
' Notice is hereby given of the following
changes, in the aids to navigation In this dis
trict, which affect the List of Beacons and
liucys. Pacific Coast, 1901.
.OREGON.
Columbia River, ship channel across the bar,
page 48. Inner buoy, a black and white per
pendicularly-striped, first-class can, is reported
September 22. 1901, as having gone adrift from
its position inside the bar.
WASHINGTON.
Willapa Bay, main channel across the bar
and up the Willapa River, page 65. North end
of Sand Island buoy No. 4, a red, first-class
nun, is reported September 17, 1901, as having
gone adrift from its position close to the west
side of the spit.
Entrance to Grays Harbor, page 69. Trustee
Spit buoy No. 0, a red, first-class nun, is re
ported September 26, 1901, as having gone adrift
from its position oft the northerly edge of the
spit
. Point Brown Spit No. 1, a black, first-class
can, is reported September 26, 1901, as having
gone adrift from its position about 900 feet
south of the breakers on the north spit.
Snag Island buoy No. 6, page 70, a red, sec
ond-class spar is reported September 26, 1901,
as having gone adrift from its position about
90 feet north of the dry sands.
The foregoing buoys will be replaced in posi
tion as early as practicable.
By order oif the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY. Commander, U. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution yesterday creating two new
position in the Registrar's office, those of
Deputy Registrar and chief clerk, at sal
aries of $150 per month each. This action
way taken under an opinion of the City
Attorney, vrho advised the board that
such appointments might be made with
the consent of the Mayor and fourteen
members of the board and at such sal
aries; as the board might fix.
McCarthy quoted the charter, which
provides that the salary of any clerk in
the Registrar's office shall not exceed $1(W
ptr month. Mayor Phelan said that the
resolution was in effect the creation of
lit XV places and that the men chosen to fill
tliem were experienced and entitled to
higher salaries. His Honor declared that \
It was evidently an oversight on the part
of the charter iramers when they did not
ir.iike provision for the responsible posi
tions. McCarthy held that the defect in I
the charter could not help matters. He i
was the only member who voted against I
the resolution. Harry Zemansky and
Dennis Gordan will be promoted from
their present clerkships in the office to
the new positions.
The ordinance granting the Santa Fe
Railway permission to lay railroad tracks
a.ud run cars from Illinois street, near
Twenty-sixth, thence to Twenty-fifth, to
Indiana, to Iowa, to Twenty-second, to
Seventeenth street, for the purpose of ex
ca\ating and rilling in land adjoining
these streets and Cnina Basin, was finally
passed. This enables the company to be
gin immediate construction of its term
inal.
Seed Objects to Advertising 1 .
Reed objected to expending 5150 out of
the urgent necessity fund for advertising
notices in regard to payment of taxes and
lor the hire of a horse and buggy for the
Tax Collector's use for three months.
The advertising notices are intended to
notify the public when taxes are due and
payable, and the buggy for transporting
moneys collected for taxes from the banks
to the City Treasurer. Reed held that it
was an unwise expenditure of money out
ot a fund which should not be used for
the purposes named. The resolution on \u25a0
the subject was indefinitely postponed, i
but the Tax Collector was authorized by ]
ordinance to hire a horse and buggy sub
ject to the approval of the Finance Com
mittee.
The balance of $22,S60 94 in the school
fund of 18y8-99 was ordered transferred to
the surplus fund of 1900-01 to meet pay
ments made to school teachers for sal
aries of previous years.
The Civil Service Commission was au
thorized to appoint a clerk who is also
a strenographer for three months at $100
per month. The Mayor explained that the
commission "has a rush of business."
An amended ordinance defining the
mode of procedure for changing the
grades of streets was passed to- print. The
bill as amended conforms to the substi
tute draft furnished by the City Attorney
after consultation with the City Engineer.
The ordinance providing revenue for
State and city purposes and fixing the
rate at $1.5562 for every $100 assessed
valuation was finally (passed.
The petition of Archbishop RIordan for
permission to construct a spur track from
the Gibraltar warehouse to the belt rail
road on East street was referred to the
Street Committee. The Archbishop is
president of the St. Mary's Help Hospital,
a corporation which ov.'ns the warehouse
property.
"Will Sue Telephone Company.
The ordinance directing the City Attor
ney to commence new actions against the
Pacific Telephone Company for back
license taxes on its nickel machines was
finally passed. Similar action was taken
with the ordinance providing that cor
porations that fail to pay legal licenses
shall be liable therefor in a civil action. I
Ordinances were finally passed ordering
the repaving of Scott street between Ful
ton and Grove, and Polk between Sutter
and Jackson; also declaring the length- of
the main tracks and valuation in this city
for assessment purposes of the San
Mateo, Central Pacific. Southern Pacific
and Pullman Palace Car Railway com
panies.
The ordinance providing for the refund
ing of excess amounts collected as tax on
personal property for 1901-02 was finally
passed.
The ordinance authorizing the Mayor to
lease for three years to the Ladies' Sea
men's Friend Society the premises known
as the Sailors' Home at a nominal rental
was re-referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee.
The San Francisco Chapter of Archi
tects was requested to reduce its objec
tions to the proposed building ordinance
to writing.
An ordinance was passed to print
authorizing an expenditure of $15,000 for
the repaving: of Mission street from Silver
avenue to Onondaga avenue. The property
owners on the street have subscribed an
additional $15,000 through the efforts or
Commissioner Maguire of the Board of
Works.
The ordinance also provides for the re
pavini? of Fourth street from Harrison to
Bryant at a cost of $5400; Sutter street
from Grant avenue to Stockton, $2545-
Stockton street from Pacific to Union
$9390; Post street from Leavenworth to
Hyde, $2370; Powell street, crossing of
Bush. ?650; Bush from Grant avenue to
Stockton, $S975: Jackson from Montgomery
to Sansome. $1600.
Santa Fe Road Will Begin
Construction of Its
Terminal.
Registrar Will Have a
Chief Deputy and
Head Clerk.
BOARD CREATES
TWO POSITIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1901.
Lieutenant Commander Milton Takes Charge of the Branch Hydro
graphic Office, After an Absence of Seventeen Years/
TRANSPORT HANCOCK WILL CARRY
RECRUITS AND CABIN PASSENGERS
THE BRIG COURTNEY FORD AS SHE APPEARED WITH HER MAIN TOPMAST AND FORE TOPGALLANT
MAST CARRIED AWAY WHEN SHE WAS SIGHTED SEPTEMBER 17 IN LATITUDE 53 NORTH. 148.47 WEST,
BY THE ARMY TRANSPORT RO3ECRANS. . - .
Sues Harvey and. Mrs. Martin.
Henfy Toomey is suing J. Downey Har
vey and Mrs.. Eleanor Martin for JG30,
which he alleges is due him as commis
sion for securing a tenant for property
owned by them at the corner of Bryant
and Second streets.
Assistant Pomologist Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that it is desired to
establish an eligible register for the posi
tion of assistant pomologlst, Bureau of
Plant Industry, Department of Agricul
ture. It will not be necessary for appli
cants to appear for examination. Persons
who desire to compete should apply to
the United States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, D. C, for application
form 304 and special form, which should
be filed \u25a0with the commission prior to the
hour of closing business on November 2,
1901.
8
17Q2 1QO1
ST/VT137VYEINT
OF THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY OF
NORTH AMERICA
IFOUNDED A. D. 1792)-
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D.. 1900, and for the year endin? on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash »3, 000, 000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $S55,€M 70
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,712,184 05
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 4,932,217 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 94,700 00
Cash in Banks 916.C01 32
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 20 903 19
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 945,02181
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 39,593 19
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 15,856 10
Total Assets $9,532.263 36
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid H03.943 48
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 539,577 62
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 41,111 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, J2, 747,033 23;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,373,518 64
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $3,496,-
697 44; reinsurance pro rata 1,77?, 243 63
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 235,708 40
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance poli-
cies 785,309 20
All other liabilities 94,154 48
Total Liabilities $4,931,264 35
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,099,633 54
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 1,811,966 53
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 105.5S0 38
Received for Interest and dividends .
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 222 \u2666«\u25a0» 43
Received for Rents 29,584 69
Received from all other sources 188.216 60
Total Income $6,45S,267 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses... $2,754,102 35
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 1,137 593 52
Dividends to Stockholders 860!000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,109.958 56
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 336,142 40
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 120.22172
All. other payments and expendi-
tures 29S.508 80
. Total Expenditures .....$6,114,527 33
Losses Incurred during the year $3.874,631 53
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year.' $559,358,869 $5,280,838 81
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 520.821.602 4.854.077 40
Net amount in force
December 31 19-30 635.136.397 6.243.730 72
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $398,754,420 $2,230,060 44
Net amount of Rtsks
expired during the
year ....: 398,456.504 2, 218. 567 «
Net amount in force |
December 31, 1D00 5,245,841 235.708 40
. ~. CHARLES PLATT, Prest.
GREVILLE E. FRYER, Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this ISth
day of January. 1901.
RICHARD H. REILLY, Notary Public.
Losses paid since organization,
$104,168,853. .
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
412 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
; JAMES D. BAILEY, General Agent
GEO. H. MURDOCH,
Agent City Department.
\u25a0 ' '. \ ;
Weekly Cal: $1.00 BfirYear
AUCTION!
Referee's Auction Sale
BY ORDER OB* COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Crooks' Estate Properties,
Monday, October 7, 1901,
12 O'CLOCK NOON. *
At Salesrooms of ,,• I
6. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
No. 14 Montgomery Street.
Prominent, Third-Street Corner,
200 feet of Market Street. Larga
frontages on Third, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left in this sec-
tion of the city. Offered in three
subdivisions—
1. North corner Third and Jessie sts.. 63 ft.
on Third st., 83 It. on Jessie st. Stores ami
offices: rents $5220 per annum.
2. Three-story and basement brick bulldln*
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson st.. 57:1
ft. east of Third st.. and fronting 27:4 ft. oa
Jessie.
3. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson st.. 117:1
ft. east on Third st. and fronting 47 ft, oa
Jessie st. Annual Income from these last two
pieces . $4000: can be separated and Increased
with small outlay.
Choice Piece of Business Property.
Nos. 910, 913 and 914 Kearny street, between
Jackson and Pacific, extending through to
Montgomery avenue; two frontages, 49 :( feel
on Kearny and 80 feet on -Montgomery aveauaj
will pay well when properly Improved.
Brick Building, Nos. 915-917-91*9
Dupont Street.
Between Washington and Jackson; lot 47:9
feet by 137:6 feet; best location la Chinatown:
present rental $155 per month.
Nos. 832-834 Washington Street*
Large, centrally located corner brick build-
Ing in Chinatown, northwest corner of Wash-
ington street and Stouts alley, between Dupont
and Stockton streets; 64:8 by 137;$ feet; rent*
$350 per month.
Three Large Pieces of Property In
Potrero District.
Coming manufacturing center of the city]
described as follows:
Almost entire block bounded by ISth and
19th, Wisconsin and Arkansas streets.
Arkansas street frontage of 200 feet, from
Arkansas to Wisconsin streets.
Nineteenth street. S. W. corner of "Wisconsin.
96:10 feet on 19th by 85 feet on Wisconsin st.
See diagrams for further particulars, or tha
Referees.
J. T. HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H. IMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
WEAK MEN. :^
DB. HALL'S RELNVlGORATORJRgsg
Stops all losses in 24 hours. You Mo^«ffil
feel the Improvement from the j*El \u25a0*»E
first dose. We have so much con- R n
fldence in our treatment that we SSSfl BWFl
offer five hundred reward for any WSPI pTul
case w e cannot cure. This secret UoJ UiXJ
remedy stops losses In 24 hours, Sffl.*Kj
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vari- htSSSSSIm
cocele.- Gonorrhoea.- Strictures, Gleet, Drains.
Lost Manhood and all other wasting eSects of
self-abuse or excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle;
3 bottles, |5; guaranteed to cure any case. Call
or address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
833 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at
10T3H Market St.. S. F. All private almas—
Quickly cured. - Send for free book,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(?-) ' . ' 1 1 i T= T l T^r I MM L d & A *
DIRT CLEARANCE.
tgg <a-rJT is a good plan for every bather to know
Jp|g something of the soap he uses. There is a
we M-f ounc kd objection to using a floor-clean-
|%? yl I soa p U p On the human body. Ivory Soap
is the bather's soap. It costs more than common
soaps, but the difference Is in the ingredients and
making. Why not treat yourself with a little respect.
Is not the human skin with its marvellous delicacy
entitled to pure soap? Ivory Soap — it floats.. +>
oorv«MKT i«ii •» ths ntocTtn a «*MM.e co. emennuna
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. $87.00
Buffalo and Return. October
3 and 4. Reserve berths for
this famous train at 641
Market Street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE
& DISORDERS
MEN
|>Y FAR THE GREAT-
Uer number of patients
seeking reliet for so-
called weakness are
strong, robust men in
every other respect. Loss of Vitality. Premature-
ness, etc., are not weaknesses, but the symptoms
of Inflammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caueed by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing: the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
sults, as indicated by increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
application, is interesting to any one -wishing
to study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
. i \u25a0 "* •\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0
With the Correct
Dressep
the laundryman is as important as the
tailor. That is why the best dressed men
all send their linen to the U. S. Laundry.
They have found by experience that the
•work is good— good in styl,e, good in. fin-
ish— perfect in every way. We take it and
deliver. No charge for that." No saw
edges. ..
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Streat
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS. A UKEAT 'KESTUiXATivK,' IN VlUOiCi.-
tur and Nervine. \u25a0 • .- .'.'..
The most- wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of the Kid.
ney» and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
_ S2S Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars >A man supposed to be M. H. Allen, who
passed a 'number of forged checks in
Kansas City, Mo., two weeks ago, was
arrested in this city this morning. Chief
of Police Hayes of Kansas City was in
structed that Allen is in custody and
Detective Jarboe started yesterday ,for
this city to take the prisoner back. After
Allen left Kansas City his trail was
picked up at East Leavenworth,' Kans.
He went from there to Denver, Salt Lake
City and finally, it is believed, arrived in
this city.
Allen's last deal in Kansas City was
with a Mr. Williamson, a ticket broker,
from whom he purchased a ticket to Chi
cago for $11. In payment he gave a cer
tified check for $25 on the Consolidated
Tobacco Company of Plttsburg, Kans.,
and received $14 in change.
Brown had a similar experience, and a
score of others have suffered small losses
by the new bunko game.
\V and' is 1 the owner of a valuable field
dog. The animal' has won many prizes and
is a great pet. On Thursday last Wand
visited the training quarters of George
Gardner and on the return journey the
dog gave chase to a rabbit and was soon
lost to view. Wand searched for an hour,
but without success. He returned home
sorely disappointed. 'As the dog did not
materialize the- next day Mr. Wand
inserted an advertisement in The Call.
The. morning the issue containing the ad
vertisement came out the stranger called
on Wand and told him he knew where the
dog could be found. He said a friend of
his who. lived in Santa Clara County had
found the animal and was waiting to dis
cover its owner. Wand was overjoyed
and willingly gave the fellow |2 to pay
his railway fare and $2 more with which
to buy refreshments for himself and
friend. He told the fellow if he brought
the dog to the Olympic Club he would
hand over the reward. The stranger
agreed to everything asked, took the
money and departed. Wand is still waiting
for him to return. The dog returned to
Wand the next day. It was picked up In
the park and as soon as it regained its
liberty trotted home.
The police of this city are looking for a
clever swindler who is practicing a
scheme that is not only enriching him
self but causing good citizens many, dis
appointments. This unscrupulous fellow
rises early and eagerly scans the lost and
found columns of the various papers and
then pays a visit to the home of the ad
vertiser. If the party has lost a dog or
anything of value the faker glibly tells
him that he knows the party who found
it. He always places the finder's residence
outside the county and in- this way gets
a dollar or two to reach the place. Some
times he collects the reward and promises
to redeem ane lost animal or, article, but
he is never seen again. Many -complaints
have been made against him,. but as yet
he has not been apprehended. . \u25a0 : \u25a0
.. Among those who have been mulcted by
the scoundrel are Phil Wand, the well
known Olympic Club athlete; P. D. Lin
ville, Tommy Howard and William B.
Brown, steward* of the Cafe Zinkand.
Wand's experience was the most costly
and the manner In which he was taken in
by the glib stranger may ; be a lesson to
others. '
Secures Rewards for Lost
Property He Has Not
Found.
Prisoner Denies He Is the
Man Wanted by Chief
Hayes.
Mulcts Advertisers of
• ; Money by a Sim
ple Schsme.
Believe They Have M. H.
Allen of Kansas City
in Jail.
SWINDLER WORKS
A CLEVER TRICK
POLICE HOLDING
ALLEGED FORGER
The Board of Election Commissioners
decided yesterday to offer a reward of
$25 for the arrest and conviction of any
one found destroying election booths or
their contents, and a reward of $250 for
the arrest and conviction of any person
violating the law in the coming municipal
election. The special offenses named are
fraudulent voting. Intimidation, destroy
ing election returns, changing or destroy
ing ballots or purchasing or selling: votes.
Commission Offers Beward.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Public School Teachers' Annuity
and Retirement Association will be held
on November 8. Three directors to serve
three years each . are to be elected, vice
Mrs. M. Prag, Miss E. E. Stincen, T. H.
McCarthy, terms expired. A president,
to serve one year, is to be elected by
the association from the directors. From
the report of the treasurer, T. H. Mc-
Carthy, it is shown that there remains
to the credit of the permanent fund of
the association 517,284 58.
"Will Provide Teachers' Annuities.
Mrs. Cynthia Keenan was convicted by
Judge Conlan yesterday on the charge of
disturbing the peace and was ordered to
appear for sentence this morning. She
kept the neighborhood of Linden avenue
and Gough street In an uproar Sunday
night, September 22, and all the neighbors
were in court yesterday to* testify to the
fact that she terrorized every one for
blocks.
Terror of Linden Avenue.
The following divorces were granted
yesterday: William J. Coriett from Eva
Corlett. desertion; Henry S. Bojanowski
from Felicia Bojanowski, desertion; Dan
iel F. Carr'ck from Lucy Carrick. ex
treme cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed as follow:
Howard L. Brown against Collie W.
Brown, infidelity; Mary Haub against
George Haub, desertion: Caroline Chris
tiansen against Jens Christiansen, cru
elty.
Divorce Cases.
Frank M. Bhideler in a complaint filed
yesterday prays that a writ of injunction
be Issued restraining M. J. Wright, Sur
veyor General of California, from issuing
to O. Sanford a title to 220 acres of school
land in Trinity County. Shideler alleges
In his complaint that Sanford's applica
tion for a patent to the land was made
some time after he had filed his, and that
Banford and a man named Williams had
entered into a contest which was not bona
fide for the purpose of preventing him
from securing: the land.
Suit Filed Against Wright
Joseph O'Leary, a union teamster liv
ing at 3 Kate street, secured- a warrant
from Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of John Hart, a carpenter living on
Brannan street, on the charge, of assault
to murder. O'Leary says he was in
Henry Pullage's saloon, Victor and Bry
ant streets, when Hart, without any
provocation, grabbed a cheeseknife and
made a lunge at O'Leary's stomach.
O'Leary avoided the blow and seized
hold of the knife, cutting one of his
fingers to the bone. He then ran out of
the saloon and escaped.
Chased With a Cheeseknife.
Mrs. Ida L. O'Neill, 35 Perry street, a
motorman's wife, secured a warrant from
Judge Conlan yesterday for the arrest of
G. W. Will on a charge of threats to kill.
Mrs. O'Neill was divorced from Will about
two years ago and both have since mar
ried. Will was ordered by the court to
pay $10 a month for the support of the
child of the marriage, but he failed to do
eo, and an order* to show cause was ob
tained from Judge Sloss. It is alleged
that on Friday last In Judge Sloss' court
room Will threatened to kill Mrs. O'Neill
If the Judge decided against him.
Threatened by ex-Husband.
Captain Harold P. Howard, chief aid
de camp to General S. M. B. Toung, sur
prised his many friends yesterday by an
nouncing that he had become a benedict
the day before. The lady in the case -was
Miss Helen M. Taylor, a charming young
lady from Boston, whom the gallant cap
tain had met "shortly before the outbreak
of the Spanish-American War.
The -wedding was celebrated at Sacra
mento, whither Captain Howard, accom
panied by Major John A. Hull, went last
Saturday to meet his affianced. Miss
Taylor was en route from the Bast with
Lieutenant McKinley's party.
General Young had been informed of the
impending ceremony, and, accompanied
by Captain Smedberg of his staff, went
to the capital city to wish his chief aid
all happiness.
The handsome couple were joined In
\u25a0wedlock yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock
and took the 3:30 train for this city.
The prospective groom had let only
General Young. Major Hull and bis fel
low aids into the secret.
Captain and Mrs. Howard have taken
tip their residence at the Pendleton.
Captain Harold P. Howard Weds a
Handsome Boston Belle at
/ Sacramento.
GENERAL YOUNG'S CHIEF
AID BECOMES A BENEDICT
The local chapter Phi Gamma Epsilon
fraternity of Cooper Medical College af
filiated Sunday evening at Delmonlco'a
with the national fraternity Omega Upsi
lon Phi. Dr. R. A. Peers was the install
ing deputy grand master. After the in
itiatory ceremonies a banquet was held
at which the following members were
present: .
Dr. Emmet Rlxford, Dr. George H. Hansen,
Dr. George B. Somers, Dr. R. L. Rlgdon, Dr.
W. W. Wymore. Dr. F. Blaisdell. Dr. A. J.
Zobel, Dr. William Hemmelsbach, Dr. Daniel
Crosby. Dr. W. C. Hopper. Dr. H. Ohrwall,
Dr. O. C. Hyde, Dr. W. B. Estes, Dr. W. E.
Tebbe, Dr. W. L.. Penott. Dr. E. M. Fine. Dr.
J. W. James. Dr. J. H. Bernard. Dr. Hall Ves
tal, Dr. S. C Slocum, Dr. F. E. Sawyer. Dr.
C. A. Poare. Dr. Frank S. Emmal, Dr. T. A.
Williams, Dr. A. S. Kelly, Dr. D. M. llcRea,
Dr. F. W. Watt, Dr. William Osmers, Dr. R.
J. Dowdell. W. F. Blake. A. P. Finan. J. B.
Hannal. S. K. Morrison, A. H. Peek. W. D.
Read, F. I* Doane, R. C. Howe, Chester C.
Moore, Arthur P. Kaelber, R. W. Preeton,
Louis M. Haight. Morris Evans, L. Bert Cob
lentz, Howard Somere, George Worthington.
William L. Channell. W. H. Banks, J. Lebert
Cooke and William D. Irwin.
Fraternities Affiliate.
Resolved. That & copy be given to the dally
prpfs and that our charter be draped for thirty
days.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
under seal of the tribe be forwarded to Mrs.
McKinley.
Resolved. That these resolutions be signed by
the sachem and attested by the chief of rec
ords of this tribe and spread la full in the
minutes.
Resolved, That In this time of universal sor
row our hearts go out in brotherly eympathy
vo the noble lady who is left bereaved and
widowed by the assassin's hand, remember
ing that "His will, not ouns, be done."'
Whereas, We in common with our country
men at large desire to express our deep sorrow
at the untimely taking away of our beloved
President and brother; be it
Tosemite Tribe Xo. 103, Improved Order
of Red Men, has adopted the following
resolution expressing sorrow for the
death of President McKinley:
Whereas, Kishi Manitou, in hie great wIb
<3orn. has seen fit to call to the happy hunting
grounds of his father our beloved President
and brother. \u25a0William McKinley, and
Expresses Sorrow for President.
Miss Elsie Fentress of Salinas, •who,
with her mother and sister, is stopping at
the Lick House, was knocked down and
seriously injured by a horse attached to
a light buggy yesterday afternoon on
Market street, just below Fourth. Miss
Fentress was attempting to cross the
street, and before the driver of the rig
saw her the hor.se had trampled her to
the ground. She was picked up in a semi
conscious condition and carried Into Thain.
Bros.' candy store. Dr. Noble was sum
moned and when the young Ia4y had
sufficiently recovered she was placed in a
hack and taken to the hotel.
Miss FentreES, it is feared, sustained
severe internal injuries. .
Elsie Fentress of Salinas Seriously
Injured on Market
Street.
knocked Down and
trampled by horse
Daughters of St. George.
The previously announced entertainment
by Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the Order of
Daughters of St. George was postponed
on account of the death of, the late Presi
dent McKinley to the 30th inst.
The entertainment that was given on
the night of the 24th of September in Red
Men's Hall by Empress Victoria Lodge
of the Daughters of St. George was one
of the most successful and enjoyable af
fairs that this lodge has ever given. The
hall, tastefully decorated with combined
American and British flags and flowers,
was crowded with members and their
guests. The programme included an over
ture by T. Nowland; recitation, Miss F.
Roberts;- violin duet, the Misses La Rose;
vocal selections, Messrs. Walker, Marsh,
Booth and Potter and Miss McDevitt; rec
itations, Miss F. Woodhouse and Mr.
Fisher; fancy dance, Miss F. Roberts;
piano duet. Mr. and Miss Carles, and in
teresting addresses by Messrs. Pope and
Jack, the latter, a member of Burnaby
Lodge, acting 1 as chairman of the even-
Ing The affair was arranged by Mes
dames E. Witts, P. A. Williams, N. Stick
ney, E. Harrison, E. Harries, Fisher, At
kinson, S. E. \u25a0 Johnston and J. Putney.
This lodge had six strangers initiated at
the last held meeting and several -more
will be ready for initiation at the next
meeting.
The National Union.
California Council had a pleasant meet
ing last week, and under good of the order
there was an interestins hour.
At the meeting of Pacific Council Sep
tember 13 there were thirteen candi
dates for initiation, and the names of a
large number who desire to join the or
der were presented.
About fifty members of the order left
this city September 21 to pay a fraternal
visit to the council in San Jose. The visit
ors formed in procession in front of the
St. James, each carrying a large American
flag, and marched to the council chamber,
.where the flags were presented to the vis
ited council to be used- for decorative or
parade purposes. The visitors were en
tertained at a banquet.
It is expected that at the next meeting
of Pacific Council there will be twenty
seven strangers to be Initiated.
Steps are being- taken to break tho odd
number of councils— seven— that have ex
isted in this city for a long time and to
have an even number by. the addition of
a new council.
In the recent taking of the Austrian cen
sus the Emperor Francis Joseph filled
In the form with his own hand and an
swered every question, even to that ask
ing the number of windows In his place
of residence.
L«ast Thursday the drivers of the auto
mobile and wagon started to race along
Van. Ness avenue and when they reached
McAllister street a car was crossing the
street. Both vehicles had to make a de
tour to escape the car and collided. Max
Abrams, 76 years of age, who lives at 40SB
McAllister street, was also crossing the
street at the time and he got mixed up
in the collision and was seriously injured.
It was reported yesterday that Abrams
was in a critical condition from the shock
to his system and the warrants were ap
plied for;
Warrants were secured from Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of the driv
er of an automobile belonging to Dr. Max
Rothschild and the driver of a delivery
wagon, said to belong to a butcher named
Vecchio, on the charge of battery.
Probable Fatal Result of a Race Be
tween an Automobile and
a "Wagon.
OLD MAN IS SERIOUSLY
INJURED IN COLLISION
Dr. Condict, in speaking of the Filipinos
and the possibility of their development
into good American citizens, said that
what they needed was teaching rather
than shooting. She spoke of the work
which has been accomplished by the Y.
M. C. A., and also by the American Bible
Society. She advocated a more liberal
circulation of the Bible among the people
of the islands.
Dr. Alice B. Condict delivered an inter
esting and instructive lecture on the
Philippines last night in the auditorium
of the Y. M. C. A. building. The lecture
was appropriately illustrated with views
of the beautiful scenery on the islands,
of the historical monasteries and Govern
ment buildings and of the people them
selves. In their picturesque modes of life.
The views, which may well be classed as
\u25a0works of art, were made in Japan. They
were greatly enjoyed by the- audience.
Especially was this true of the scene rep
resenting the Y. M. C. A. headquarters
at Manila.
Declares That People of the Islands
Need Teaching 1 More Than
Shooting.
DE. CONDICT LECTURES
ON" THE PHILIPPINES
A number of speeches were delivered
by delegates, and at the noon hour the
proceedings were brought to an end. The
delegates, accompanied by some of the
priests of St. Boniface's Church, went to
Golden Gate Park and the Ocean Beach
after the termination of the business ses
sion.
A .special service was held in the church
before the convention was called to order
yesterday morning.
The convention of the various German
Catholic societies of California was
brought to a close yesterday morning in
St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate ave
nue, near Jones street. *
The committees appointed on Sunday
presented their reports to the delegates
of the convention. These reports were
unanimously adopted. The reports deal
with religious, social, charitable and
moral affairs, and will be furnished Jo
the various congregations represented in
the organization.
The monument committee announced
yesterday the receipt of the following sub
scriptions:
Previously reported. $7623 50. Mrs. William
Kohl, S500; Miss Mary Kohl, |200; George W.
McNear, ?100: California Cotton Mills Company,
ISC'; John Bollman Company, $50; Dr. J. O.
Hirschfelder. *50; Lachmen & Jacobi. $50: Mor
ton Draying and Warehouse Company. $50; J.
B. F. Davis & Co., $25; Occidental Hotel, $25;
Dr. Julius Rosenstlrn, $23; Parafnne Paint
Company. $C5; Christian Frohlich. $25; Alphonse
Judis. S20; Alex G. Hawes, $20; Tirey L. Ford.
$:\u25a0; Benjamin Healey. $10; Hickmott Asparagus
Can Company, $10; J. S. Dinkelspiel Company,
iUy, Dan McLeod, $10; Kutner. Goldstein & Co.,
$10; Anglo-American Crockery Company, $10;
A. Ferren, $5; Omey & Goetllng, $5; Meyerfleld-
Mitchell Company, $5; Mitsln & Co., $10; C. C.
Moore & Co., $25; John Herman, $8; E. S. Hel
ler, J20; Hermann Safe Company. $5; George T.
Marye Jr.. $50; Mrs. G. W. Kingsbury, $25;
Legallet-Hellwig Tanning Company, $25; Bren
ner-Ullman Company, $20; Irving F. Moulton,
$10; Mrs. Irving F. Moulton, $10; Miss Har
riette W. Moulton. $3; S. H. Daniels. $10; J.
L,. Hawks. $10; W. O. Cullen. $2 50; W. C. Da
vidson. $5; C. Schachtebeck. $2 50; H. D. Cut
rell. $2 50; A. J. Pettee. $2 50: Thomas G. Epll
lane. $2 50; A. M. Hickox. $2 50; William A.
Day, ?2 50; C. B. Wheaton. $2 50: A. D. Lock
wood. $5; J. M. Rugg. $2 50; Harry L. Oapp.
$2 50; E. Rhine, $1; Frank C. Mortimer. $1;
Grace Goodrich Mortimer. $1; R. C. Band. $5;
J. U. Calkin?, $2 50; Thornhill Carmany, $2 50;
W. H. Beanston, $2 50; A. Dieckmann, $1; R.
F. Schlingheyde, $i; G. F.Wakeman. « 50; J.
G. Clark, $5; C. T. Pfaxrer, $2 50: A. M. Clay.
$10; G. H. Stipp. $2 50; W. M. Roberts, $2 50;
William Ritter, J2 50: J. D. Ruggles. $2 50; John
W. Rourke. $5; Theodore H. Michels. $2 50; G.
Howard Thompson. $2 50; James Rolph, $5;
James H. Lyons. $2 50; Miss E. H. Lyons, $2 60;
John W. Parkhurst, $2 50; W. A. Searies, $2 50;
C. B. Church. $2 60; Charlet A. White. $2 50;
Miss Ethel Keener, $5; Miss Innes S. Keeney,
r2 50; Miss Mary A. Keeney, $2 50; Charles C.
Keeney. $2 50: Miss Helen Keeney. $2 60. Total
to date, $8275 50.
Kindly send us tome subscription lists, which
will be promptly returned. Respectfully yours.
ALMAGIA & PATRIZI.
Editors and Publishers of the Dally 1" Italia.
In opening this subscription we feel sure
that we are the interpreters of the feelings of
our countrymen in this city as well as of tho»e
living in Italy, where the sorrow for the tragic
end of the President cf the United States and
the execration against the murderous cham
pions cf anarchism is felt more than in any
other country in the world. As a demonstra
tion ol what we assert we beg to call your
attention to the facts that the Italian royal
family ordered the court in mourning for two
we«ks, while King Victor Emanuel, his mother.
Que»n Dowager Margherlte, all the Princes of
the reyal family, the Prime Minister and the
Minister of Foreign Affairs sent telegrams of
condolence to the widow of the late President
and to the new Chief of the nation; and by
admission of the correspondent of the Associat
ed Press, the most beautiful floral piece that
adorned the bier of the dead Chief Executive
in Canton was the one which bore the Italian
colors and the name of the King of Italy. Be
eides this the Italian newspapers unanimously
denounced the awful crime at Buffalo, uttering
most bitter words against anarchism.
We shall never forget the high compliment
paid to the Italians by the late President, and
as a token of homage to the memory of the
great dead we are going to open in the col
umns of our paper a subscription to contribute
to the fund that the committee of which you
are chairman is raising for the erection of a
monument to William HcKinley. The money
received through our paper will be turned over
to the treasurer of your committee.
Dear Sir: When President McKinley paid a
visit to our city last May, to one of the editors
til the Uaily ritalia who went to greet him
In the nam« of the Italian colony, the beloved
Chief of the nation said:
"I accept very heartily the salute of tha
Xt&Hane. whom I know are among the best
and most loyal citizens of this cosmopolitan
country-"
Mayor Phelan, chairman of the com
mittee having in charge the raising of
funds for the McKinley monument, re
cti\ed a letter yesterday stating that the
Italians felt deep sorrow for the untimely
oeath of the beloved President of the
United States and that "L' Italia" In
tends to open its columns for subscrip
tions toward the erection of the McKinley
monument. The letter reads as follows:
President Castro recognizes the discon
tent existing and is taking measures to
meet whatever revolutionary exigencies
may arise.
COLON, Sept. 30, "via Galveston.—Ar
rivals here from the coast bring no news
from Rio Hacha, but they confirm the
news previously cabled of the complete
defeat of the Venezuelan invaders at the
peninsula of Guajira by Colombian troops,
unassisted by "Venezuelan invaders.
Several guns, some mitrailleuses and
rifles and a large quantity of ammunition
were captured. After this defeat the In
dians who inhabited Guajira captured the
returning Venezuelans, among the pris
oners being three Venezuelan rebel chiefs.
The invaders lost many men killed. Gen
eral Orbis, who formerly served under
General Alban, — '«= also killed.
A rupture between Colombia and Ven
ezuela would give the revolutionary ele
ment the desired chance to attack the
Government.
The feeling of the country against
President Castro is growing stronger
every day. The country's discontent at
General Castro's dictatorship is evidenced
by many comparatively insignificant
signs, but they plainly foretell a growing
revolution.
Strong Feeling Against Castro.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Monda.y, Sept.
23 (via Willemstad, Island of Curacao,
Thursday, Sept. 26, and via Colon, Colom
bia, Sept. 29).— The financial condition of
Venezuela is best exemplified by the fact
that the republic has not paid interest
on its foreign or internal indebtedness for
the past thirty-eight months. Only two
or three importing houses at Caracas are
paying expenses. Business is practically
limited to needed foodstuffs and many
import orders have been countermanded.
Extreme lack of confidence prevails in
business circles and the immediate future
contains nothing promising. The expecta
tion is general that the financial situation
will become worse before it can improve.
The war rumors have decreased imports
and the Government is getting into more
severe straits to find money, to meet the
extraordinary expense incident to main
taining the army on the frontier. Among
the people, the suffering from the hard
times is great. The salaries of all the
Government civil employes have been cut
in half, but even this is not now paid.
Since the reverses at Guajlra the Gov
ernment has been transferring- its atten
tion to the San Cristobal country, south
of Maracaibo, and is sending arms, men
and 150,000 rounds of ammunition from
Caracas to Barquesimeto, where the in
terior forces are converging.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3O.-Dr. Silva, the
Colombian Minister, to-day received a per
sonal message from Bogota announcing
a Cabinet crisis there. The dispatch
came from his brother-in-law, Michael
Abedia Mendez, who announced that the
crisis had resulted in his appointment as
Minister of Foreign Affairs. The belief
prevails that the change was precipitated
by differences among the Cabinet on ac
count of the gold loan which the Govern
ment has been seeking from the banks.
Some of the Ministers were favorable to
compulsory action In forcing a loan, while
others were opposed to such a course. A
gold loan was necessary- in order to get
money to purchase ships and for other
purposes.
Venezuela Financially Involved.
Venezuela Is Also in Finan
cial Straits and Business
Depressed.
Interesting Speeches Deliv
ered at the Closing
Session.
Numerous Subscriptions Are
Reported by the Com
mittee.
Trouble Precipitated by
Government Seeking
a Gold Loan.
German Catholic Con
vention Finishes
Its Labors.
"Will Help Raise Money
for the McKinley
Monument.
L'ITALIA MAKES
OFFER OF AID
COLOMBIA FACES
CABINET CRISIS
DELEGATES READ
MANY REPORTS
ISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1901.
"He called me a 'common swindler. It's
pretty hard for a man who has worked as
hard as I have to be original to be re
ferred to as 'common.' "—Washington
Star.
"I shall sue him for libel,", said the man
who is making large sums of money out
of the credulity of the masses.
"For what?" .
Harry Tremble, Attilio Bonacuro and
Joseph Lawlor, who are well known to
the police, were held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Conlan yes
terday on a charge of attempt to com
mit robbery. Their bonds were fixed at
51000 each. They attacked N. D. McAfee
in Portsmouth Square a few nights ago
and attempted to rob him- "
Held for Attempt to Bob.
Detective Ed Gibson swore to a warrant
yesterday for the arrest of Liouie Fong,
who is accused of having shot and killed
Bo Yook, the pretty Chinese girl, last
Friday morning while she was sitting at
the casement of her home at 1025 Dupont
street. Fong has not been seen in his us
ual haunts since the murder. He was for
merly errtployed as the attendant at a
lunch counter in a Kearny-street saloon.
Warrant for Alleged Murderer.
A few hours later he called at the main
office, 1038 Union avenue, And said his
train had just left and the ticket wa3
worthless to him. An offer was made to
buy the ticket back, and Allen agreed, to
accept $8 for It, which was paid. He was
therefore $22 ahead on a forged check for
$25." .,".-.
Before this transaction Allen secured
several hundred dollars from merchants
in Kansas City by making ' purchases
which he paid for in - forged certified
checks, receiving the change in cash. Al
len ' is * wanted at Omaha \u25a0 for an I offense
similar to that committed in Kansas Gity,
and it is said that he is wanted in a num
ber of cities in Missouri and Illinois for
forgery. In each case he forged the name
of the Consolidated Tobacco Company. .
Tne suspect is in the "tanks", of the
City Prison and Captain Seymour says he
is about 25 years of age. The police are
not wholly satisfied that he is the man
wanted. He denies that his name is Allen
or that he was ever in Kansas City.
9
10:25 am
6:20 pm
HOSE* g'aW,
fc^ STOMACH^A
Ol^"rffR§ digestion,
I*- 11 prevents
Constipation and Bil-
iousness, Steadies the
Nerves, Purifies the
Blood, and stimulates the
Liven and Kidneys.
We urge you to try it.
A^ttk CANDY CATHARTIC* *»*
§^^^^^
Genuine stamped C. C C Never sold In built,
Beware of the dealer who tries to stU
toraethlni "just as good. , <
RATT/P7AY TRAVEIi. RAILWAY TEAVEL
THE SHORT LINE _'„,
rate to Santa Fe Trams
_ *i*+. *m \u25a0 Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
HB /TqJ I Local Lim'd|Ovrrd" Local
\u25a0 tLTTTI Q I f\ Dally > Dally Dally
1^3 \,A^A.1^€AjW3 Lv. San Fran 7:20a 9:00a 8:00 p 4:20 p,
\u25a0 Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p"
inn, „ . _ _ - " Merced... 12:22 p l:17p 1:19a 9:llp
B .1 -J_ " Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
li 1 '\7'V\ AO1 T T AH " Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
H*J X 1 iff B^ IEIhIbI " Visalia...: 3:40 p 4:4S a
jU /\ RJr \J LJ fl ljl_V/_I " Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
J^ \u2666' Kan.City\ 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
S^^^ "H ft ft , a for morning, p for afternoon.
B.I *9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
&Jr 0 \u25a0 liy ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
f$L B * ** \u25a0 carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
H m S m^^^ Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
hi H H to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local '
T&Jff h flrst-clasa paesengers. No second-class
, tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ROUND TRIP lng traln arrives at 5:S3 P- m * Tuesday and,
___\u25a0„,. _ . 4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.'
via — - Corresponding train arrives at 12:30. p. m.
i I \u25a0 W| *J0 8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
B I n I A M N H A tf% I Vfl A through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
I illlllll BW ZM 9 \u25a0 I IBflB Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
B I I I i I BL nliB lila Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
%3 liElJIl I UUEIIUl Corresponding train arrives at 5:55' p. m.
\u25a0 •\u25a0 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
Q 1/ rjAVC TH RITCFTAin at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
O>£ UAYO IU tSUr'r'ALLP. spondlng train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
4fv»-\/c " T T'rk KIVZ\\r \Zf\DV Offices— 6U Market street and in Ferry
UAlO . IU FiCyY YUKK* Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
14 Hours Ahead of All Competitors. land ' ' "
THREE TRAINS DAILY nPUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
PULLMAN AND TOURIST BERVICDJ Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive •
_,___. -^_ __ \u25a0 , \u25a0 ' San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.'
'SPECIAL- \ Week Sun- ,_ mttmin^^ Sun- Week
\u25a0 Personally Conducted' : Tourlit Excursion -If?*' -t^w 2 - "W 1 * »* *• "*»"» •' i«»»r ®??~-
leaves San Francisco at 8 a. m., Sacramento ? :^ A- ,5 : Xa a# W ntamini ; h*»e» »t no i- 00 *• » : *5 A.
*t ll:E5 a. m.. . October 4th. ' : . p. 10:00a. A . m^ wnM^ imamMaUtM^0r. 3:40 P.
TICKETS ON SALE §511"*^ \*? *-*»"•*» \u25a0 \u25a0 t!» ?I
: . A/^TrtDCD <9rl <«m^ Ax). F»r«, B4a Fraoctaoo to Bmninlt »nd lUhurn, »I.«0.
'UV/IUuCrt OO ana 4tn. Hck»tOfao«,«21MARKriSTKttT«iia8AU5AinO«ERT.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent,
\u25a0 \u25a0 '1 Montgomery St., 8. F. ' ' .
" — ~ — — . ...;•_ — — — : Y*~^^ \u25a0 Dr#^ ibl[)On ' s Dispensary,
rtW TBT7 -i -4 1 /t 44 M «h«feS« 629 KEABNY ST. EsUblished
I Yt/\ ll/AAirlir I nil fi*}|*^|ft'n » 85 * for the treatment of Private
E HP WPPitiV li^flll HQjLiKr Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
JL llV Tr'VVJULJlT wilXJUl Hw^aHRdlspase wearing on body anrt mind and
& SijjgWWBBSkln Dlaeaaea. The Doctor cureswhen
; " . '\u25a0 . £S85»HH other » *»il. Try blm. Charges low.
ONE nOT,LAtt PFR YEAR VNUmnmkKnre* ff uarnntred. Callorwrltft
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RX. CO.
XjESSBB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry, Foot •! Mart** flt
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. in.; 12:35.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. \u25a0 .
SUNDAYS-8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave | In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination. | daya. | Daya.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm| 9:30 am| Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton, . .
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:S0 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Ukiah. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:40 am 10:25 am
1.8:00 ami Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm ; 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ; 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pml Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
lor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs : at
GeyBerville for Skassrs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley'a, BuckneN's
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr"s Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, . West-
port, Usal. WilUts, Laytoriville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and. Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. • E. X.-RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
' \u25a0 • ' \u25a0 *
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, »6: 15, 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael . on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— *8:00. *l0:0O,. *ll:30 a. m.. 1:15,
3:15, *4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «5:25, 6:27. 7:45, 8:35. 10:15
a. in.. •12:25, 2:15, »3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on. Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:15, *8:00. •10:00, »11:4S a. m.,
•1:40. *Z:15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, .6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
a, m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on. Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 3:30,
6:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS." .'::
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. \u25a0 : .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. \u25a0 • . .
8 :00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills - and way
\u25a0tations. >• .
Legal Holidays boats and trains will. ran on
Sunday time*
SOUTHERN PACIFIO!
Xr»l«« !•»*• nod i»r« <in* *« nrrl»» * j
NAN riU^MHO.
/ flUta line. Foot of Mar.'at Street.)
jwr» - rmni Jmx H. 190L - abjut<
7i00a. Benida, Suisnn, ElmJn and Smers*
uento , CiSSy
T«OOa Vacartlle, "Winter*, Kiunu; 7t33*~
7i3oa M»tUuox,S»««U»mon, Valiejo. K«p»»
Calistog* »od fj&uta Rosa 0:23p
SiOOa D»Tis, Woodland. Kni{btt Landing,
MirMTille. Oro»tilB.. 7l33»
S:OOa Atlantic Kxpreas— Ogden and East ia>83»
»:««aHT1««, Lathrop, Stockton....!. ««a»j»
SiOOa Nilei, Meodota, Haaford. Thalia,
PortenOle 7. 4:53»
! 8:30a Shaata Express— DutIs, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, BeU
1 Bliul. I"orti»nd. 7i33*
BiB«A Ban .lose, Utermore, Stockton, \u25a0 :\u25a0'
lone, baeranieuto. FlacenUIe,
Mury.fllle, Chico. lteJ Uluif 4:23r
»i8»a Oakdtle. Chinese (Tosemite), 80-
nora. Carters 4>23r
»•••«» Hajwaxd, Nilea and Way Stations.. I liSS*.
9:00a VollejO lTiiZSf
J»:OOa Los Angeles Express — Mutiuez.
Tracy, Latluop. gtookton, Merced . .
Freano »ud Los Anseles 7:23?
St»«A Vailejo. Mutluoz and Way Stations 7:.i3r
1O;«Oa Tha OTturlimd Limited— Ogdon, Den-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago 6:»3»> -
fltftOp SaoraiaeDto Ul»»r Nt«»mer» f."»:O<lA.^
Sx3Or Hayvrard. NlUa and W»t Station*.. 7<33a> r
«i««r Beutcla. Winters. Baaranieoto.
Vrootlland. KulgliU Jading.
M»ry»»ille, Oroillle 10:83a V :
4i00r Vartlitex, Hau Itaraoii, Vallejo,
Napa, t'allatoga. Hai.UKo«a...... »iS3* 5
4iO0p Nlles, IiTormore. Stockton. Lodl... I2.a.1»> I
\u25a0SiiKH- Haywaxd. NIU«, ban .lime. Li'trmora fMilVS.4, I
«:3Or Port Costa. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton IosXSa
StOOrThe Owl Limited- Fieauo, Talare,
Bakenfleld. Hangus for Santa Bar*
ban, Los Angeles ., 8:33a
5:OOf Martin's. Anticch. Stockton, Mer-
ced. Franco l*;23y
3:0«>p Yoseniita 12:23*
Bi30r New Orleans Expre-s— Mencksta,
Fresno, Bakenfieid. lid Angeles,
Deming, £1 Paao, .New Orleans
and East 7>S3a .
•:»»rna>w«il, Nilea aud Sau Joss 7>33* "'
t»:OarValleJo. ll:83«
Uigor Oriental Mail-Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago 12:23*
«:OOr Oriental Mall— Ogien, DenTer,
8t. LouJs. Chicago, «:33»
7i«Or Oregtin auj CalUoruia ISi press, Has-
riiiiinutii, Marygtllle. KeiMlng.
Portland, Pnget .Sound and Kast Sl33&
StOSrSan Pablo. Port Costa, Mirtiaei
and Way Citations.. 11:33a
_ tS=O3p Yallrjo 7»3ay
COAST LINE (Narrow tta»;re}. *
\u25a0' ' (Foot cf Mnrket Street.) -
1? :43 a Santa Cms Excursion to cianla> Cms
and Principal Way Stations JS.O3»
•iISa Newark. CeutarTllle..San.lose,£>!ton,
Boulder Creek.SauU Crux aud Way
Stations 3j30»
f8>13» Newark OenterTiile. ban Jeae. New
, Almaileo. Knltou. lloulder Creek.
Santa Crux aud Prtnolpal Way
Stations laiflO*
4il.fr Newark, Hau Joie, Los Gatos tft:»»4
«4:13p Glenwood.BonldeT Creek, SantaCrn*. «&i3Oa,
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. ,
from SIS msCIsCO— faov of JUrkst Street (Slip 8)—
t7:lB 9.00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:33 5:19'.-.
rnaOUUIB— rttltrgrui*!;.— f»;00 t&0O t3:0J
10i00a.II. 12:03 a:03 4:03r.ll.
COAST LINE (Broa.l I3ans;e).
(Third and Townseud St*.) 1
~ 6:I«a Ban Jom and Way Mtationa. »t3vi
*7:«Oa Han Jose and Way Stations lsSttr
/7i«oa Now Atuiadeu.. „ / l:tUr
)iUVa Sunday Excursion for 8»n r Jcse, • <
ftanta Cruz. Pacidc Orore and
Principal Way Stations. {Si tOy
ViOwANau Joie. Hollister. Hnuta Cms. \u25a0
Psiciilc Uritve, 8alims. San Luli
Obiapo. Santa Barbara, ami Prin-
'\u25a0 \u25a0 eipai intermediate Stations 7i3Ay
10:36a Baa Jose and Way Stations.... 0:30*
1 1 :«Oa Hau. loss ami Way Stations ' Bi30r
t2s43r San Mateo. Uedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose.
Hollister, 8»nt» Cruz. Salinas.
Moutereyaml 1'ncllic Urnve. . .... )IO:43a
StBOr San Josf, Tres Pinos. Santa Craz,
Pacific Gxoto aud Way Buttons 4:10?
MtlSr Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations »: »*A
fSiOOr Ban Jose, I,oo Gatos and Principal
• \u25a0 Way Stations t»:«M»a
SiSOr San Jose and Principal Way Stations s)s33a '
StOOr Redwo-d. Han Joe*. Gilrr.y. Salinas, '
\u25a0 - 8anta Barbara, Los Acgeles 10»03a t
6::«0p San Jose aud Way stations t*'"«*
«ll:45p San Joacand Way Stations 7»3—
A for Morning. P for AfierntMSk T^y
t Sunday exenp ted. . J Sunday only. ',
• Saturday only. .... ' « Monday. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 . v
I a Saturday »ni Bandar. /Tuatd»T» *M Pridy,.
Mrs. L. A. Harris, a Prominent Member
of a Chicago Woman's Political Club, tells
how Ovariart Troubles may be Cured with-
out a Surgical Operation. She says:
'\u25a0" Doctors have a perfect craze for. operations. The minute
there is any trouble, nothing. but an operation will do them; one
hundred dollars and costs, and included in the costs are pain, and
agony, and often death.
:> *' I suffered for eight years with ovarian troubles ; spent hundreds
of dollars for relief, until two doctors agreed that an operation was
my only chance of life. My sister had been using !LydiaC Pink*
ham's Vegetable Compound for her troubles, and been cured,
and she strongly urged me to let the doctors go and try the Com-
pound. I did so as a last resort; used it faithfully with the Sana-
tive Was!) for five months, and was rejoiced to find that my troubles
were overhand my health restored. If women would only try Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound first, fewer surgical operations
would occur."— Mrs. L. A. Harris, 278 East 31st St., Chicago, 111.
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS NOT GENUINE.
When women are troubled with irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation, weakness, leucorrhcea, aisplacement or uleeration of the
.womb, that bearing-down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, back,
ache, bloating (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous
f>rostration, or are beset : with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness,
assitude, excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness, melancholy,
"all-gone " and ". want-to-be-left-alone " feelings, blues, and hopelessness,
they should remember there is one tried and true remedy. Lydia K.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles.
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
104.6 Miles
In 27I Hours
There are two things you will always remember
if you go East via Denver and the Burlington
Route. One is the scenery in Colorado. The
other is ".the whirlwind ride across Nebraska,
Iowa and Illinois aboard the Chicago Special —
the Burlington's famous "one nigh.t on the road"
train from Denver to Chicago. It makes the
run of ,1 046 miles in 275^ hours; carries a through
sleeper for Chicago, which leaves San Francisco
daily and offers as good service as any
PflfjppfpPj] train in the world.
l^a!nnift5Sil Ticket Office, 631 Market Street.
[KwywKlw^Mril \y # D. Sanborn, General Agen^ San Francisco.
J*GOLD DUST."
|| "let the COLD DUST twins do your work I"
Kgl " Golden Rules for <^^^5§§!
II No soap, no soda, no borax, no ammonia—
HI nothing but water is needed with
II ff^ t$ M JP9 STB MM €5^* B W
H to clean anything — pots, pans, furniture, clothes, wood-
i| work. It requires only half the labor as soap or any
pi other cleanser, and costs much less. See that the
|J name "Fairbanks" and the "Gold Dust Twins" are on
Wk -the package. Refuse all imitations and substitutes..
§9 THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Chicago. St Louis, New York. Boston. |Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days........ — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87V*
New York Exchange, sight — . IVi
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 10
Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47y a
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT — Paris futures were lower. Liver
pool stood about the same. The world's ship
ments for the week were as follows, in quar-:
ters: Russian,' 252.000; Danublan, 79,000; Ar
gentine, 12,000; Australian, 22,000. The English
•visible supply increased- 1,105,000 bushels:
The American-visible increased 2,679,000 bush
els. Chicago was firm, but unchanged. St. :
Louis reported bad- news from the winter
wheat crop in Illinois, saying.that.lt was suf
fering from dry | weather, and \u25a0 that" if there
were no rain, soon the loss would be severe.
In this market futures were somewhat lower,
but spot prices were unchanged. -- \u25a0 ' : .
Spot Wheat— Shipping.' ti&stiVic; milling,' 98%c
®$1 02"* per. cU. • ' . ...
. CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 2000
ctls, 99"£c:. 10.000.. 99%c. ' . . • .,
Second Session — No sales. '
Regular Morning- Session— No sales.' ' • \u25a0•' "», -.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
• BARLEY— Previous quotations rule,, with a
dull market. . . -
Feed. 72*£@73*£c for choice bright. 70@71Hc
for No. 1 and 67%c-for oft grades ;. 'Brewing : and
Shipping grades, 77V&@S2 1 / £c; Chevalier, 95c@
$1 05 per ctl. . •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'ciock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Are coming In freely, but not going'
out very well, and the market is dull at the.
old prices. :
Grays, $110@l 20; whites, $1 10@l 30; black,
$1@1 15, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.- *— v,
CORN — Chicago was- easy- and unchanged.
Kansas. City reported the best caeh' demand for
two "weeks, buyers grabbing everything up at
57c. The visible supply increased 559,000 bush
els.
The only thing new In this market was the
arrival of 1200 ctls Eastern.
Eastern is quoted to arrive in bulk at $1 60 for
White $1 52% for Yellow and $1 50 for mixed.
RYE— 75@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 250
3 50 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
J2 7i@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers'. $2 75
" MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour S3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Ry 0
Meal $2 50; Rice \ Flour. J"; Corn Meal,. $3 25;
extra' cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
04 05 • Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat $3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $S 85@s 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
.Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay is reported in good movement, as the
strike Is growing less every day and gradually
wearing Itself out. Prices are firm, but un
changed. There is nothing new in Feedstuffs.
BR \N— $20 50@21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— !;22@23 per ton. '. .
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, " $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $34®
35; Cracked Corn, $34 50@35 50; Mixed Feed.
$1S5O@19 5O. • \u25a0 \u25a0 '• • • • \u25a0 ' • ' . '
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@10; Choice, $10 50; Wheat
and Oat, $7 50@10 50; Oat, \u25a0 $7 50@9; . Barley and
Oat $6 50@8 50; Alfalfa, $8@10 50; Clover, $5 50
@7; Volunteer, $5@7; Stock,. $5@6 per ton. . »
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
\u25a0 . ' . . , I 4 y
Beans and Seeds.
No further change in Beans is reported. The
market continues quiet. \u25a0 . \u25a0 , \u25a0 \u25a0 ' . •
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 65; Small; White. $4;
Large White, $2 40@2 65; Pea, $4 50@l 75; Pink.
$2 40@2 45; Red, $3@3'25; Blackeye. $3 50@3 60;
Llmas, nominal; Red Kidney, $3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 15; Yellow.Mus
tard, $3 15@3 25; Flax. $2 25@2 50; Canary. 3*4®
SV&c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%®
2*4c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes continue weak and dealers show, a
disposition to quote lower ' for rivers. ' Onions
rule steady. There is very little shipping de
mand for Potatoes at the moment.
The Vegetable market was handicapped by a
lot of stock carried over from Saturday.
Sweet Potatoes are more plentiful and
weaker.
POTATOES— 60c<fi>$l in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 20@l 40;
Sweets, 50@S5c for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 10@l 20 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50
@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3@3%c for Gar
den, no more field Peas coming In; String
Beans, l%@3c; Limas, $1@1 25 per sack; Cab
bage, 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes from the river,
12i£@25c; from Alameda, 20®30c; Dried Peppers,
10@12%c; Green Okra, 30@40c per box; Carrots,
25@35c per sack; Cucumbers, 25@40c; Pickles,
2>/4<g3c per lb for small and \<Q\ l &c for large;
Garlic, 2<g3c; Green Peppers, 25@40c per box for
Chile and 25@40c for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@40c pei
box; Green Corn, 50@75c per sack; Alameda. 75c
@$1 per crate; Berkeley. 50(g;75c; Summer
Squash, large boxes, 25@40c; new Marrowfat
Squash, $S@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern Poultry came in. Prices foi
local stock remained as before.
A few Gray Geese came in, selling at $4 pei
dozen. Otherwise Game stood about the same
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gobblers
and I2@13c for, Hens; Young Turkeys, 15@lBc;
Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $150@175;
Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and $3@5 for young;
Hens, $3 50@5; young Roosters. $4@5; old Roos
ters, $3 50@4 : Fryers, $3@3 50; Broilers, $3@3 50
for large and $2 25@2 75 for small ; Pigeons, $1 25
@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75®2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen» $1@1 25; Hare, $10
1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontail and $l@i 23
for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dealers reported less snap to both Butter and
Eggs. Prices are maintained, but the • move
ment is less active, particularly, in Eggs. The
finer grades of Butter are firm, but the medi
um and lower grades are easy. The local con
sumption for both Butter and Eggs is still
largely running on Eastern and cold-storage
goods, which are much cheaper than the fresh
articles. \u25a0 -
Receipts were 15,800 . pounds of Butter,
pounds Eastern Butter. 2S0 cases of Eggs. 400
cases Eastern Eggs, 11,600 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds Kastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 25@26c per lb for fancy
and 22%@24c for seconds;, dairy, 18@23c; store
Butter. 15@17V4c per lb; Creamery Tub, lS@2lc-
Pickled Roll,- 19@20c; Keg, 18@lac per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, lOV-c; ' Toung
America, .12%c per lb; , Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 35@36c for selected large, 32
@34c for good to choice and 27 1 / 2<S>30c for fair;
btore, 22(Li/i!5c per dozen; cold storage, lDii/^c-
Eastern. 17©22%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruh
The Cape Cod Cranberries did not come in
: as expected, owing to rail detention. The re
ceivers expect them' along in a day or two
Choice Bananas are scarce and there is no
' oversupply of any kind. Oranges and Lemons
' are steady and Limes are firm at Saturday's
advance.
In local tree fruits Peaches .are steadier and
Plums higher. Figs are still plentiful
Table Grapes continue in liberal sup'ply and
weak. Wine Grapes, on the contrary, are firm
both here and in the country, with a tendency
toward still higher prices. In the Sonoma Val
ley $26 Is now being freely paid for ordlnarv
i Zinfahdel. . - . -
Six boxes of new Naval Oranges came in from
Arcadia, selling at $4 50 per box. The S
! ran from 96 to 216.'. The first Persimmons IjSS
. appeared from Newcastle, selling at $1 25@1 50
per box. . -\u25a0 *v» •
1 DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES-75c@$l 25 per box for good to chow
and -25®65c for ordinary. ' . * t0 choIce
PLUMS^40@85c per box; Prunes 75c©Sl 25
per crate. \u25a0 \u25a0 - . •n.yii a
PEACHES— 25@40c per box; Peaches in ear
\u25a0 riers, 30@50c; Mountain -, Peaches. 35@60c p*»r
si NECTARINES^Red.' 75c per box for, cold
POMEGRANATES— 75@90c per box
' PEARS— Bartletts. $1 73@2 per box' Winrpr
Pears, 40c@tt per box. ' VVInter
I QUINCES— 40(g60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES : per chest for Long
. worths, and *4@5 for large berries • JMU *
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 : per chest
» LOGAN BERRIES —per chest
1 RASPBERRIES-$5@6 per chest.
p HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@9c per lb
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $9 "per barrel
r Coos Bay. $3<Si3 50 per box. °arrei ,
. : FIGS— Black, 40@60c for double \u25a0 layer hnr«. •
r White, 35®50c. ' . ooxes.
, \u25a0- MELONS— Nutmegs, . 15@33c per box • i Canta
- loupes. 25@75c per crate; Watermelons $5<rai5
per 100/ . \u25a0 ' *"^* ia
1 GRAPES— Large open boxes bring '• about 50
, per. cent more . than small boxes and crates
1 which- are- quoted as follows: Sweetwater'
i 30@35c per .box and crate; Tokay.- 30<S)63c--Mus
t cat, 25@60c; Black. 30®60c; Isabella 40(H83c :
t Cornichon, 75c; Wine Grapes. *30<5>32 per • tori
-- to*- Zinfandel and $25<f?2S for White
; ' CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 50c@$3 5D; Lem-
There was a - fair business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. The \u25a0 sugar
stocks were firm and the light stocks also, Gas
and Electric selling up to $45 and Pacific Gas
to $40-75: The oil stocks continued dull
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was weaker
at $44 50 and Honokaa at $10 25@10. SDrintr
Valley Water was higher at $S7 73@88. '
Oil assessments ' falling delinquent yesterday
were the Acme, 3%c, and Petrolla 6c .
The following were ex-dlvldend • yesterdav
Pacific Borax, $1, or $19,000; Parafflne Paint
25c, or $2500. . ,. • T~_
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
MONDAY, Sept. 30-2 p. m .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ' bm A.1,
4s quar coup.. 113*4114 4s qr c (new) 139V4i4ovi
4s quar reg.... 112*4113 3s quar TOup. 108V6109&
"MISCELLANEOUS. " *
Bay C P C 5s.lO6 107 Oceanic S3 5s.lO3 103U
Cal-st 5s 118 - Omnibus C 6s 132 _
C C Water 5s. 109% — Pac G Imn 4s — 99
Ed L & P 6S..128V&133 I Pk & Cl H 6s'lO9 _
Fer & C H 6s. - — Pk & O R 6s 117 _
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s! — _ "
H C & S 5HS.106H — Sac E G R 5s 95 —
Do 5s 99%102% S F & SJV 5s 123*4 -
Los Ang R Ss.118 120 Sierra Cal 6s — —
L A Light 6s.. 101% — S P of Ariz 6s
Do,gntd 6S..100 — (1909) 11294 —
• Do gntd 5s. .103 — (1910) 113(4 —
L A & Pac ,5s. — IO214 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1905). Ser A.109%11034
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128Vi (1905). Ser B.ilO%lim
Do 1 c m 53.122 — (1906) :il2*4112%
NevCNG7s.- - (1912) 122r*n£
N R of Cal 6s.ll2«4113 S P of Cal 1st'
Do 5s.. :..... .124 — c gntd 5s.. ..110 . — -
Nor Pac C 6S.IOIV3 — S P Br Cal 6s.l36U — .
Do 5s;.. — 107ti S V Water 6s.lll% —
Nor CalR 5S..111 Do 4s. ..103 103-v
Oak Gas 5s.. ..Ill 113 Do 4s. 3d m.101% -
Oak Trans 6s. 120% — Stktn Gas 6s 104 —
Oak Wat g 5s. 103 — .
."WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75' 7G*£ Port Costal.... 62 65
Maria County. 5S — Spring Valley. 87% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — • Pacific Light.. 42 —
Equitable 31J . 4 Sacramento ... — 40
'Mutual .. 4V4 5*,4 S F O & E.... 44 44V5
Oakland ....:.. 30% 51 Ran Francisco. i% 4fc
Pac Gas Imp.. 40% 41 Stktn G & E. . — —
STOCK MARKET.
Theresa Walters, owner, with R. Kechen
bach. contractor and architect, all work except
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a one
story cottage on Falkland street (Sixteenth av
enue), 300 W of Susquehanna street, being lot
39. block 306. of Case Tract; total $1733.
Eugene Legallet. owner, with Frank Boerner.
contractor, architects EL Depierre ' and P.
RlKhett. all alterations and additions to frame
residence at 1448 Eleventh avenue South. South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation; total $H6S.
P. Jason Keys, owner, with J. B. Reite. con
tractor, architects. Rousseau & Son. all work
for a two-story and basement frame building
on S line of Waller street 90 W of Buchanan
street. S 58. W 3. S 54. W 24, N W, E XI. W \u25b2
201; -total J3510.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Annie J. Elworthy (wife of Fred W.). lot on
N line of O street. 57 :« E of Eleventh avenue.
E 50 by N 100; $10.
W. L. and Roberta A. Rodgers and "W. L.
B. Mills to Nicholas Bowden. lot on SW line of
Eighth avenue. 225 SE of B street, SE 150 by
'SW 100. lots 4 and 5, block 154, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association;
also undivided one-ninth of all property in
Santa Clara and San Francisco distributed to
W. L. Rodgers by decree made . by Superior
Court, Santa Clara County, on December 27.
1899, in estate George H. . Parker, No. 3107.
Santa Clara, except lots sold by said W. L.
Radgers; also property In' Santa Clara County;
$10. .
Builders' Contracts.
W. A. and May L. Halsted to Mary E. Hal
sted (widow) undivided one-half of lot on NW
line of Folsom street. 300 SW of Fifth. SW
25 by NW 85; also lot on W line of Dearborn
place. 238:3 S of Seventeenth street. S 32 by W
96:9; $10. -
Joslab R. Howell (trustee under trust creat
ed by deed from Fabius Stanly to Edward
Stanly. November 16. 1867). to Henry M. Lands
berger. lot on SE corner of Third and Brannan
streets. S 137:6 by.E 137:6; S .
Gertrude L. Rossiter (wife of Paul Rossiter)
to Catherine McCarthy (wife of W. G. Mc-
Carthy), lot on SE corner of Twentieth and
Colllngwood streets, E 25 by S 110; $10.
Ferdinand Lemme to Loretta B. Hart, lot
on S line of Bush street, 275 E of Grant avenue
(Dupont). E 30 by S 137:6; also undivided one
half of lot on S line of Bush street. 273 E of
Grant avenue (Dupont). S 60 by W 16; $53,000.
Ellen Kearns (widow) to Harris Shemanski.
lot on S line of Willow avenue. 53 £ of Polk
btreet. E 57:8 by S 28; p.
George H. Augusta J. and Pauline Collins
to Lily Middleton (wife of Henry L. Middle
ton) lot on N line of Washington street. 137 :S
W of Larkin. W 45:10 by N 127:8U; $10.
Henry L. Middleton. same, same; | .
Joseph R. McLean to Henrietta A. McLean,
lot on S line of O'Farrell. 171:10% E of Fillmoro
atreet. E 34:4V4 by S 120; gift.
Robert A. McLean to Fred I. and, Kathe
L Martin, lot on N line of Broadway. 108:8
E' of Broderick street. E 30 by N 137:8; $10.
•R.-RAT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Giant Powder Co. has declared dividend No.
34 of 75 cents per share.
INSURANCES
Flrem'a Fund. — 247 |.
SANICS
Anglo-Cal .... — 80 L P & A 158 160
California ....405 — Mer Ex (liq).. IS —
Cal Safe Dep.lO8U — S F National.130 —
First Nationl.305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1895 — Sav & Loan.. — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav 57 — Union Trust..l600 —
San Francisco. 522*4 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .... — 13S IOSL&H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 33 —
Market 86 — •
POWDER.
Giant 73% 74*4 1 Vlgortt 3% *%
SUGAR.
Hana h%. 6 Kilauea 11U —
Hawaiian — 50 Makaweli ..... 24 23
Honokaa 10% — Onomea 23»i 24*4
Hutchtnson ... 14% 14% Paauhau 10% 11
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Alaska Pack.. 139%I40-4 1 Oceanic S Co.. 40 42
Cal Fruit Can. 98 — | Pac Aux F A. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 8S*4 90 Pac C Borax.. — —
Mer Exchnge.110 — I Par Paint .... 14 —
Morning Session.
Board—
20 California Wine Association 83 50
75 Giant Powder Con 74 00
- 5 Honokaa Sugar Company 10 62'i
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 14 75
20 Makaweli : 24 00
10 Oakland Gas - 51 00
E0 Onomea Sugar Co 23 87*£
- 10 Onomea Sugar Co 24 00
40" Paauhau S P Co 11 00
50 Pacific Gas Improvement 40 73
60 S F Gas & Electric Co........ 43 CO
$1000 S P of Arizona <1909) 112 75
JJ1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage) 103 12*^
400 Vigorit -. 4 00
• Afternoon Session.
Board — v
33 Honokaa Sugar Company. ...X. ...... 10 25
130 Honokaa Sugar Company 10 00
45 Honokaa Sugar Company..... 10 12'J
35 Hutchinson S P Co 14 75
40 Market Street Railway :-. 86 CO
lfr Market Street Railway........ 83 50
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 50
$2000 S P of Arizona (1909) 112 75
5 Spring Valley Water 87 73
. 40 Spring Valley Water 83 00
Street — *" .
60 Paauhau S P Co JL 11 00
' PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
2000 Four - SS
500 Giant .' 30
100 Home S 35
700 Lion 09
2000 Petroleum Center 01
200 Reed Crude *. 34
Street—
1400 Petroleum Center '. 01
Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Junctir-a 72
500 Lion, s 60 : ~ 08
100O Monarch of Arizona 1 20
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning: Session.
10O Best & Belcher 17] 100 Ophlr 77
50 Con Cal & Va..l 701
Afternoon Session. -
100 Alpha. 02 100 Mexican 20
100 Andes 06 100 Ophlr 7S
350 Challenge 17 1QO Ophir 77
200 Con Cal & Va..l 70 100 Seg Belcher.... 04
100 Exchequer 01 3C0 Sierra Nevada. 20
ICO Gould & Curry 07 300 Yellow Jacket.. 10
The following were the sales In th» Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia 33 200 Ophir .....»7J
100 Con Cal & V.I 72% 100 Ophlr 77
50 Con Cal & Va..l 70 100 Silver Hill 34
100 Mexican 19
Afternoon Session.
200 Challenge Con.. 17 200 Savago M
200 Con Cal & Va..l 75 30O Sierra Nevada. 19
100 Confidence ?S 1200 Utah, 04.
400 Mexican 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. S«pt. 30—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Justice — .02 04
Alta 02 04 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 10 11 Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher 17 IS Occidental 05 . 06
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 77 78
Caledonia 31 32 Overman 04 C8
Challenge Con.. 17 IS Potosi 07 09
Chollar 07 08 Savage 04 05
Confidence 78 SO Scorpion et
Con Cal & V8..1 70 1 1Z Seg Belcher 63 04
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 19 20
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 33-34
Crown Point... 04 03 St Louis — 08
Eureka Con 14 — Standard 3 25 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate ...... — 07
Gould & Curry 07 08 Union Con 0« 07
Hale & Norc... 17 10 Utah 03 04
Julia 01 t'2 Yellow Jacket.. 09 10
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.— Corn had the same dull,
heavy market it has experienced for the last
three days, mainly in consequence of the with
drawal of support by prominent bull leaders
December opened hie lower to »£c higher at
66%@56%c'on steady, cables. At the start offer
ings were moderate, but these gave way soon
under considerable short covering and the price
for .December advanced to 57%c. On a fallinc
off . of the commission-house demand and
the satisfaction of the covering movement De
cember slumped to 56%c. Toward the end of
the session a renewal of covering helped Decem
ber and the market closed easy, % c lower at
56%c. ..-'.. • \u25a0\u25a0....;,*
December wheat opened a shade higher in a
shade lower at 70%c to 70Vic on steady cable*
and advanced with improving cables and a fair
demand to 70%c. Corn, when it reacted from
the opening, had a stimulating effect .but as it
began to fall pff wheat declined also On a
large increase in the visible supply TWemher
eased off to 69%@70e. Around : this dhS It
fluctuated narrowly for the rest of the session
and on a small local demand closed easv n
shade higher, at 70y lC . , • easy ' a
Oats followed the . lead of.com with a dull
harrow market. December closed easv uA
lower, at 35%@35%c. .. easy> %0
\u25a0 Provisions were quiet and a triffe -higher at
the opening In sympathy with, higher prices for
hogs and on a fairly good demand. \u25a0 Profit- tak
Ing,- however, brought, prices down -later and
January pork closed 15@17%c down, lard 17U®
20c lower and ribs 12%c lower. \u25a0 ' ..\u25a0 • 2 \u25a0
The leading futures ranged aa follows: • v**V-.-
jChicago Grain Market.
» . *
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20,653 barrels, exports 27,337 barrels; dull- and
barely steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 223,250 bushels; exports,
90,479 bushels. Spot, steady. No. 2 red, 75%c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 Northern Duluth, 76%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 80%c f. o. b
afloat. Options opened steady and ' were later
distanced by light offerings and large seaboard
clearances. Closed steady. May, -7S%(g;79^4c
closed 79c: 'October, 73W3%c, closed 73%c-
December 75 9-16@76c, closed at 75%c. ' *
HAY-Steady. • .
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Quiet. t
WOOL— Firm. . '
j COFFEE— Spot, firm; No. 7 Invoice, 5 13-16c
mild, steady. Futures closed 5 points lower to
5 points higher. Sales, 63,000 bags, including:
October, 5.10c; November, 5.20c; December 5.30
@5.35c; January, 5.40c; February, 5.50c- March
5.60@5.65c; May, 5.75@5.80c; June, 5.80c; July'
5.90c; August, 6c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady; refined
quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 14,500 packages; firm
State dairy, 14@20%c; creamery. 15@22c; June
creamery, 20@21%c; do, factory, 14V4@15V4c
EGGS— Receipts, 9093 packages; steady. State
and Pennsylvania, 21@22c; tWestern, candled
20%@21c; Western, uncandled, 17@20 1 / 4c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 30.— The market for evap
orated apples ruled active and about steady
State, common to good, 5@8c; prime, 8H@89ic :
choice, 9c; fancy, 9»i@9V2C. '
California dried fruits, quiet and steady. ' -
New York Grain and Produce.
Mall advices from New Tork say:
Nuts, Fruits and Currants.
"The naming of prices of new California
•walnuts on the basis of 9Hc f. o. b., coast, for
No. 1 solftshell was the feature yesterday.
Prices on other trades were 9c for standard
and 7*>&c for No. 2, both softshell and standard.
A few cars were sold to a certain trade, but
at the quotations the California article can
scarcely compete to any extent . in the local
market acainst the imported walnut. New
Grenobles can be laid down here at about 10c
and importers are reselling to the trade at
lrom 10*c to lO^c for middle of November de
liver}'. As against these prices California No.
1 softshell could not be laid down under 10%c.
The California Droduct. therefore, will neces
earily bave to find Its market largely in the
West- New England always takes a consider
able quantity of domestic walnuts also, and
advices received yesterday stated that con
firmations were belner made at Boston quite
*r«ely.
•\u25a0Currants on spot continue quiet and easy.
Supplies of new cron were Increased by 400
barrels, arrived per Georgian from Liverpool.
Some of these goods offer, it Is understood, at
7"*c. Demand for spot currants, however, con
tinues very slow, the trade's interest centering
in the 2500 tons, or about 1S.0O0 barrels, expect
ed to arrive to-day or to-morrow on the Ma
nin. the first direct steamer from Greece. Ama
lias per this vessel are mostly held at 6V4C.
though"%c and possibly lie less might buy. A
bid of 6c for a round lot was turned down
yesterday by one receiver, however. There
was an improved inquiry for currants both
on the Manin and the Melville. The latter
steamer sailed from Patras on September 7 and
brings about 1750 tons, or approximately 12,500
barrels.
New Smyrna figs are practically • un
changed at 8%@12c for layers. Something
over 100 cases, which arrived last week per
Teutonic, were offered at auction yesterday,
but on account of the warm weather and pos
sibly other reasons, very little interest was
taken in the goods, and after a few cases had
been 6old from 7%c to lO^ic the balance of the
lot -was \u25a0withdrawn. The prices at the auction
had almost no effect on the market, sales ex
utore being made Just after the sale at 8%@12c.
"California fruits, spot and future, continued
dull. St>ot 3-crown loose Muscatel raisins are
Ecarce and firmer. Evaporated apples on spot
are very quiet and easy. F*uture prime apples,
which were stronger for a few days, have
again become easy, being offered freely at 8%c,
with s£c less bid."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. SO— 6 p. m.
'The following- maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, CO; Mount Tamalpals, 67; Independ
ence. 74; Red Bluff. 70; Fresno, 70; Los Angeles,
72; Sacramento, 70; San Luis Obispo, 64; San
Diego. 68.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum. 52; mean, 53.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures •were received from Eastern stations:
Boston. 74-66: Cincinnati. 80-58; Philadelphia.
P0-66; "Washington, 82-62; Jacksonville, 82-72;
New York. 76-66; Kansas City. 80-64.
3 J s',s o
0 SB. gjj. Zl •• 2.
STATIONS. 3 I S || |o v|
• ' J : 3 j 2 S» r I . i
- '. : r : : • : s
Astoria-. 550.00 66 62 NE Clear .00
Baker 29.98 64 28 N Cloudy • .DO
Carson 29.80 68 44 S Clear .00
Eureka _J».«O. 60 50 SW Pt Cldy .00
FVesno ...29.84 70 54 SE Cloudy .01
Flagstaff 30.06 66 3S SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Idaho... 29.90 80 42 S Clear .00
Independence 29.78 74,62 S Cloudy .00
Los Angeles 29^6 72 58 W Clear .02
Vfaoenix 23.80 9i 60 NW Cloudy .00
Portland .29.88 "2 50 NE Clear . .TO
Red Bluff 23.88/70 54 SE Cloudy .00
Hoseburg 29 P E4 68 48 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.86 70 62 NE Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 29.86 78 46 SE Clear .00
San Francisco 29.88 64 E2 W Pt Cldy .04
San LuisObispo...29.90 64 52 S Cloudy T.
San Diego.. ...... -29.86 68 62 SW Clear .00
gSikane ....30.06 64 38 NE Cloudy .00
VeahBay 30-00 54 40 E Clear .00
Walla Walla 30.00 68 56 S Pt Cldy .00
Winnemucca 29.68 76 46 E Clear .00
Yuma......... 6°
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 56 degrees. '
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The frtorm hae crossed the Sierra and now
overlies Nevada and the valley of the- Colo
rado I>urin«r the past twenty-four hours the
Dreasure baa risen steadily over Northern Cali
fornia and Southern Oregon.
Shower* are reported at many points in the
State and more clearing up showers are likely
to occur on Tuesday.
Hlch westerly winds are reported In Southern
Utah and also at El Paso.
Foreca.* made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight October 1:
Korthern California— Clearing Tuesday, ex
cect Bhowemln the foothills; fresh southerly
winds changing to westerly.
Southern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er, possibly light Bhowers; fresh southwest
•winds: Tuesday.
Nevada— Showers, cooler Tuesday; .brisk
eoutherly winds. . • . '.<•-.«•
Ban Francisco and -vicinity— Cloudy unsettled
treather Tuesday, possibly light showers; light
\u25a0outberiy winde, changing to fresh westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
KBW YORK, Sept. SO.— Tht email volume
New York Stock Market.
of the trading to-day and the tendency ' of
pricea to retrace the earlier downward move
ment revealed the predominance of protessional
operations in . the market. The dealings weru
less than half a million shares and uie - late
hardening movement retrieved approximately
one-half of tne early decline. Tnere: was >-no
very urgent selling manifest at any point of
the day. although the bears succeeded : in un
covering stop-loss' orders in Sugar and 'to' a
smaller extent in Brooklyn Transit and Mis
souri PaclHc. The first named stock fell an ex
treme 3% and the other two 3 points. Declines'
reached 2 points or over in a number of other
leading stocks, notably among the Pacifies,
Southwesterns and Vanderbilts. Declines of i
to 4% among the Junior members of the last
named group gave emphasis to the feeling
of skepticism that has grown up regarding
the much exploited rumors of a plan for merg
ing all the members of the group. Amalga
mated Copper continued under some pressure,
but the declines were resisted. The lirar tone'
of the spot copper market in London helped -the'
stock and It closed with a net loss of 1%. As
sertions were made in a demonstrative way
that the United States Steel stocks were to be
advanced this week on the ground of the decla-
ration to be made to-morrow, of .. the
dividends on the common and the preferred
stocks and on the presentation of a detailed
statement of the finances -of -the company at
to-morrow's meeting, but these intimations did
not cause a rush to buy the stocks, speculat
ors persisting in distrust of " industrial stocks
after the recent experience in Amalgamated
Copper. > .
Statements that working agreements had
been made for the . continuance of Western
Union wires along some railroads In which
Pennsylvania owns an interest were offered as
disapproving apprehension of hostilities be
tween the Pennsylvania and the Gould inter
ests. The admission of an- additional Standard
Oil representative in the St. Paul directory led
to prophecies of a similar representation on the
Union Pacific directory and the alleged com
pletion of negotiations between the Atchison
and the Harriman interests •for the use of the
Pacific Mail steamships by the Atchison were
used to point the same inference, namely: the
safety of the community of interest. Except
for a rise In Pacific Mail no effect was pro
duced by these reports; the apprehension hov
ering over the market that community of in
terest is not in reality in concert with the finan
cial powers, but only a balance of those pow
ers. The October currency requirement kept
uneasiness alive regarding the money market
future, seemingly with little cause, as Sterling
Exchange weakened to-day and New York Ex
change hardened at Chicago. The sub-treasury
paid out to-day on account of gold deposited at
Pacific Coast points $1,944,774, and for Govern
ment bond redemptions $1,250,000. The incom
ing- French steamer also brought the $1,000 000
in gold which was engaged, in PaVis over a
week ago. The fact that railroad earnings for
tne third week in September increased over the
corresponding week of last year 4.46 per cent
compared with an increase for the second week
of 1L.2 per cent was cited as evidence that
the corn crop shortage was beginning to make
an impression, and last week's small grain re
ceipts at Chicago formed an additional argu
ment for the bears.
The market closed firm."
Railroad bonds were dull and Irregular To
tal sales, $1,880,000.
\u2666t, 11111 !^ 11^ 81 **!? 3 £ adva - nc ed % per cent and
the old 4s and the refunding 2s. % per cent
on the last Call. The new 4s declined % per
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— sales High Low Close
Atchison 44.500 75% 74% .75-4
Atchison pfd 1.200 95% 95% 95
Bait more & Ohio 1,100 101% 100% -100%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 400 93% 93 93
Canadian Pacific 1,200 110% 109 109U 1
Canada Southern 2,000 S5 83% 84
Chesapeake & Ohio 400 45 45 45
Chicago & Alton 1,000 37% 36% 36%
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 400 77% 74% 77
Chicago Ind & Louis... 500 42 41 41U
Chic Ind & Louis pfd.. 200 75% 75% 75%
Chicago & East Illinois 12 s
Chicago & Gt Western.. 7,700 22^ 22 22
Chicago & G W A. pfd.. ..... . , ftv.
Chicago & G W B pfd.. 100 46 46" 45
Chicago & North westrn 193
Chicago R I & Pacific. 500 142 141% 140%
Chicago Term & Trans. 500 21Vi 21 21%
9, h )?r7 erm & Trns P fd * 40 ° -« <0% " 40%
CCC&St Louis. 1,400 95% 95 95%
Colorado Southern 400 14 13% \z%
Colorado So ls^ pfd 400 54 " 64 63%
Colorado So 2d pfd 300 25 24% 2494
Delaware & Hudson.... 100 164- 164 IBS
Delaware Lack & West .... 220
Denver & Rio Grande.. . 700 > 45% 45" 44%
Den & R Grande pfd... ! 200 : 92% 92% 92%
Eri e 14,800 41% 40% 40%
Erie 1st pfd .„.. 1,200 '. 6 9 £ 69 69
Erie 2d pfd 500 55* 55% 54%
Great Northern pfd 800 187 186% 1&6 ?
Hocking Valley 100 53% 53% 53
Hocking Valley pfd 400 75 74% 74 •
Illinois Central 600 145% 145 145%.
Iowa-Central : 1,600 40 39% 3974
Iowa Central pfd 1,200 78% 77% 77%
Lake Erie & Western... 5,600 70% 69% 69%
Lake Erie & West pfd. 100 133 133 131
Louisville & Nashville. , 1,800 '103% 102« 102%
Manhattan L .21,500 . 123% 122 122%
Metropolitan Street Ry. 200 163 163 163
Mexican Central ........ 300 23% 23% 23*4
Mexican National 300 13% 13% 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 600 107 106 106
Missouri Pacific 3L000 96% 94 951&
Missouri Kansas & Tex. 400 27% 27 27^i
Missouri Kns & Tx pfd. 500 53 52% 52%
New Jersey Central : 152
New York Cent, ex-div. 4,000 158 156% 157%
NqJ-folk & Western 950 54 63% 53%
Norfolk & Western pfd j 59
Northern Pacific pfd... 300 97 . 96 97
Ontario & "Western .4,200 34 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 3,100 144 143% , 143U
Reading 3,400 41% 40% 40%
Reading 1st pfd 1,100 75% 75% 75%
Reading 2d pfd 2,600 52 51% 51%
St Louis & San Fran... 200 44% 4-tVi 44>i
St Louis & S F 1st pfd. 10O 73 79 78
St Louis & S F 2d pfd. '. 67%
St Louis Southwestern. 400 30% 29% 80
St Louis Southwest pfd. 900 63 - 62 62
St Paul 16,200 160H.15S% 159%
•St Paul pfd 187
Southern Pacific 17,300 56% 65% 55%
Southern Railway ...... .6,500 33% 32% 32%
Southern Railway pfd... 200 86% • 86 S6
Texas & Pacific 1,500 4U4 40% 41
Toledo St Louis & Wes. 700 23% 20>i 21*>4
Toledo St L & West pfd . 1,400 37% • 36U 36 "
Union Pacific 31,600 97% 95% 96%
Union Pacific pfd 600 88% 87% 87%
Wabash 300 ' 21% 21% 21?»
Wabash pfd 1,200 39% 38% 3Syi
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 100 18 18 T 18
Wheel & L Erie 2d pfd 30
Wisconsin Central 1,100 22 21 22U
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 100 43%. 43% 42
Express companies— •> \u25a0•\u25a0'•; \u25a0>" i
Adams i .... 180 .
American '. ' 190
United States ;... 90
Wells Fargo 160 x
Miscellaneous-
Amalgamated Copper . 70,700 ' 90% 88% ' 89%
Am Car & Foundry 600 29>i 28% 28«
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 300 83% 83% 83%
Amer Linseed Oil \u25a0 .... 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd • 100 49% 49% 49'
Am Smelt & Refg 1,900 44% 44 Wi.'
Am Smelt & Jtefg pfd.. . 600 96% '. 96 • 96%
American Tobacco t. r..: 100 132 132 . 132
Anaconda Mining Co... , 7,000 36% • 35% 36U
Brooklyn Rapid Tran... 10,000 , 66% 64 65
Col Fuel & Iron 900 ' 35 94% 94%
Consolidated Gas ...... ; 700 217% 217 217
Continental Tobacco 6<;i/
Con Tobacco pfd 300 115% 115 115
General Electric, ex-dv. ; 1,000 259% «258% 257
Glucose Sugar 300 55 55 mil
Hocking Coal 100 : 17% 17% 17
International Paper .... 400 23% ' 22% 22V
Inter Paper pfd .... 77 7?
International Power .. 200 94% 94 93
Laclede Gas .... gj
National Biscuit 200 44 43% .43U
National Lead .....;.... 200 .20 19% 20
National Salt 100 40%" 40% 40%
National Salt pfd ...... '....." .„. 75 u
North American .....:.. 300 95% 95 ' 95%
Pacific Coast ..."........ .... $3
Pacific Mail .:..... 2,600-44 • 41% 42%
People's Gas 1,000 10fi% I0fi 106'.
Pressed Steel Car ......'" 300- 40% 39%-. 39%
Pressed Steel . Car pfd ..... 80 .
Pullman Palace Car ..." '210
Produce Exchange Call Board sales In Sep
tember were 27,800 tons of wheat and 3000 tons
of barley, making total sales thus far this
cereal year of 140.900 tons of wheat and 10.300
tons of barley.
Produce Exchange Sales.
The coinage at the local branch Mint dur
ing the month of September wae as follows:
Eagles. $2,440,000; half-eagles, $1,660,000; stand
ard dollars, $218,000; half dollars. $88,000; dimes.
$7363: making a total of $4,413,369. against $4,
605,000 in August, 1900. Since July 1 the coin
age amounts to S15,66S,369. against .$19,735,827
during the same period last year.
Mint Coinage.
Local bank clearings during September, were
$32,166,243, against $S3.9S9,136 during September,
1900. Since January 1 the clearings were $S44,
567,369, against $739,049,?39. during the same
period in 1900.
Bank Clearings.
The Custom-house receipts of duties on im
ports at this port during the month of Sep
•tember were $595,835. Since January 1 the re
ceipts were $5,175,895. • \u25a0 • 5
Customs Duties.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany to-day sold California fruit in Eastern
markets, realizing the following prices: .
Peaches— Sal ways, boxefe, 50@70e, average 60c;
George Late, boxes, 63@75c, average 70c. Grapes
—Tokay, single crates, $1 05@2, average $1 44;
Tokay, double crates, $2 85@3 70, average $3 13;
Muscats, single crates, 75c@$l 05, average 95c.
Pears— Winter Nellis. boxes, $1 20@2 25, aver
age $2 10; B. Clairgeau, boxes, $2 10@2 50, aver
age $2 27; D'Comiee, boxes, $3 25@3 70, average
$3 60; D'Comiee, plain-end boxes, No. 2, $1 60@
2 30, average $2 04; Buerre Gris, boxes, $150®
165, average $160; Howell, boxes, $1 50@2 15,
average .$167. Prunes— Fellenberg, single
crates, : average $1 25. Twenty-three cars sold
to-day. Favorable weather.
CHICAGO. Sent. 30.— The Earl Fruit 'Com
pany to-dav sold California fruit at auction
and realized the following prices: Peaches—
Salways, boxes, 15@60c, average 47c. Grapes—
Cprnichon, .slnirle . crates,' average 80c; Fer
rera, single crates, average 65c; Malaga, single
crate*,-~$l 05@l 30, average $1 26; Tokay, single
crates, $1 20@l 25, average $1 21. Pears— Winter
Nellis, half boxes, average 65c. Eleven cars
sold to-day. ' Cool ' weather.
BOSTON, -Sept. 30.— The sales of California
fruit by the Earl Fruit \u25a0 Company here to-day
realized the following prices: Peaches—Sal
ways, boxes, average 73c; George Late, boxes,
average 66c. Grapes — Tokay, single crates, 95c
@$1 "5, average $1 13. Six cars sold \u25a0 to-day.
Dry and cool weather. - \u25a0 . •
PITTSBURG, Sept. 30— The sales of Califor
nia fruit by the Earl Fruit Company here to
day realized the following prices: Grapes — To
kay, single crates. . $1 20@l 55, average $143;
Verdelle, single crates, $1 15@1 55, average $1 19.
One car sold to-day. Favorable weather.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21,
000.. Including. 1500 Texans and 9000 Westerns.
Good fat steers, 10@15c . higher, others steady;
good to prime steers, $6 10@6 60; poor to me
dium, $4@5 90;" stockers and feeders \u25a0 lower,
$2 2504 25: cows, $1 5O@4 60; heifers, $2@4 75;
canners, $1 50@2 30; bulls, $1 75® 4 75; calves,
$3<f 6 50; Texas steers, $3@4; Western steers,
$3 75@5 60.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, i 27,000; to-morrow,
21.000; left over. 2000. Active and strong to 5c
higher. Mixed and bjitchers, $6 75@7 20; good
to choice heavy, $6 85@7 20; rough heavy, $6 50®
C SO: light, $6 75@6 90: bulk of 'sales, $6 75@6 95.
SHEEP — Receipts, 36.0CO; 10@15c lower.
Lambs, best steady to 10c lower, others demor
alized. Good to choice' wetbetrs, $3 5O@3 75;
fair to choice mixed. $3@3 40; iSVestern sheep,
$3(g3 40; native lambs, $2 50@4 90;' Western
lambs, $3 50@4 60. \u25a0
. . ST. JOSEPH. .
ST.- JOSEPH, Sept. 30.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500. Strong to IOC- higher. Natives, $2 85®
6 30; Texans and Westerns, $2 75@5 85; cows
and heifers, $1 35@5; bulls and stags, $2@4 S5;
stockers and feeders, $1 50@4. .'\u25a0 • .
HOGS— Receipts, 3500. Market steady to 5c
higher. Light and light mixed, $6 75@6 97%;
medium and heavy,' $6 95@7 12%; light pigs,
$5@5 75 \u25a0.;.-\u25a0\u25a0
SHEEP— Receipts. 5S00. Steady to 10c lower.
Lambs; strong to 10c higher.' \
Nezv York Metal Market. ;
NEW YORK, Sept. 30. — In the absence of
support tin at London declined £1 10s to-day
without being active. The undertone of the
market was weak with spot quoted at the
close at £111 15s and futures at £109 15s. Lo
cally a sympathetic decline took place and the
market was very weak. Spot was quoted at
$24 60 at the close, with sellers at .that figure.
Copper in 'London was quiet with spot at
£63 Ss 9d and futures at £63 13s 9d. Locally
copper was nominally quoted at $16 50®M7 for
Lake Superior and $16 37%(g>16 62% for casting.
Lead was quiet here at $4 37% and Is 3d lower
at London, closing at £11 18s 9d.
Spelter was dull and unchanged at home and
abroad. * . .
Domestic iron markets were quiet. ' Plglron
warrants, 9@10c; No. 1 foundry, Northern, $15
@15 50; No. 2 foundry. Southern, 14@14 50; No.
1 foundry. Southern, $14 75@15 25; No. 1 foun
dry. Southern, soft, $14 75@15 25.
- Glasgow warrants closed at 53s lid and Mld
dlesboro at 45s 3d. j
Visible, Grain Supply. •. \
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, the 28th, as compiled by the
New : York Produce Exchange, "is as follows:
• - Bushels.. . Increase.
\Vheat '..-.. • 35,304.000 2,679,000
Corn '. 13,489,000 599,000
Oats 8,972,000 216,000
Rye 1,775,000 130,000
Barley 1,875,000 459,000
Nezv York Cottony Market.
NEW YORK, Sept: 30. — Cotton futures closed
barely steady, with prices 6 to 9 points lower.
Foreign Markets: ',
LONDON, Sept. 30.— Consols. 93 1-16. Silver.
26 15-16d. French rentes. lOlf 15c@101f 77%c.
Cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 2Ss 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 27s 3d; English country markets, steady;
import into U. K., wheat,' 3S3. 000 quarters; im
port into U; K., flour, 170,000 barrels; wheat and
flour on passage to U. K., 2,110,000; wheat and
flour on passage to Continent, 1,820,000,
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 30.— WHEAT— Quiet: No.
1 Standard California, 5s 10%d@5a lid; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French country
markets, quiet; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d.
CLOSING. -/:/-;
'LIVERPOOL. Sept. 30.— WHEAT- Spot, dull;
No.. 1 Northern spring, 5s 7d. Futures, steady;
December, 5s 7%d; March 5s 7%d. .' .
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new, 5s
y.d. Futures, steady; October, 4s lid; Novem
ber, 4s lid; Dece"iriBer, 4s lid.
HOPS (at London)— Pacific Coast, dull, £3®
£3 5s. -,,-, • • •:'-'? >
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Sept. 30.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 15,200 bales. The
bulk of. the offerings were medium and , low
grades. There; was a good demand and cross
breds and scoureds sold readily, fine quality
realizing tull rates.' Lower grades were ir
regular and in r» buyers' favor. Withdrawals
*were frequent.
. . Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Sept. 30.— Clearings, $512,402;
balances.' $102,122. .•-.>• - ,
-.-*\u25a0 Northern Wheat Market.
\u25a0 WASHINGTON.' ' :
TACOMA, Sept. 3O.-WHEAT-Unchanged ;
blue stem. 54c v club. 53c.
• •' , " .-•: OREGON.- .. -^-t)\-\i ;. •
PORTLAND, .Sept. 30.— WHEAT— Quiet, with
but little inclination : to do business;- Walla
Walla, 53(@53%c; : valley, 54c; blue stem, 54Vi@
55c. ;.' '-'\u25a0'-
Cleared — French bark Nantes, Queens town or
Falmouth for orders, with 115,800 bushels wheat
Shipments for the month closing yesterday
from Portland were 600,633 bushels of wheat
74,252 barrels of flour and 210,088 bushels of bar
ley. \u25a0 ' • - \u25a0 "— .\u25a0•\u25a0<\u25a0\u25a0•..• •\u25a0
\u25a0 • Total shipments from Oregonand-Washington
for the . first thr^e. months of the cereal year
flour included, 4,261,308 bushels, compared with
41,274,670 for, the same period last season. ;
\u25a0Wheat — Shipments from Portland and Puget
Sound \u25a0 are both : lighter \u25a0 than ' last season, Fbut
there has been; a; heavy increase In flour ship-'
menta. •\u25a0 --.\u25a0-\u25a0 -. •• .... .. \u25a0\u25a0 - .
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
9.P enin 8: ....5 7 5 8%
dosing 5 7% 5 8%.
'_ ' " ' " PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 2 0 95 2195
Closing 20 70 2195
\u25a0 Flour— ; \u25a0«
Opening ....; 27 30 28 10
Closing ; . 27 35 28 00
Fjoreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@21c; dairies,
13@17c. Cheese, steady, 10@llc. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 16%c.
Bank clearings continue to lead last year.
' Sihcr a fraction lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures lower. Barley as before.
Corn again coming in from Ihe East. -
Oats and Rye inactive at unchanged prices:
Hay iirm and moving off well Feedstuff s unchanged.
No further variation in Beans.
Potatoes weak, with little demand for shipuwnt.
Onions steady. Vegetables slow.
Less snap to the Butter and Egg markets:
Poultry and Game quiet and featureless.
Table Grapes dull. Wine Grapes advancing.
New prices for Raisins established.
Eastern Cranberries still delayed en route.
Local packers advance their weights for Hogs.
No particular fluctuation on the' stock exchanges.
Cottolene advanced.
New Chestnuts and Navel Oranges in market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Republic Steel 5 200 15*A I"! '•'/" i$ "
Republic Steel pfd ' 9 00 66% 66%/ 66%
|fn r coai-^-w::::: S S5 %£
n I T Le o a ;l her vj i.366 12% 12% 12%
n^,hl" PM 2 '°° 0 79^ 78% 78%
u b Rubber gno 171? i R i7 1K s?
u 1 Rubber P fd ...;.v;: SS g* Si* .
Vt % %, r";v 33 '' !00 44^ 43% 43%
Wa -! fteel pfd 13,100 94% 94 94%
Western Union 600 91% 91 91
T Total sales ..-. 472. 300 shares.
. CLOSING BONDS.
U rl^ f 2s ' reg....l08% L & N unified 4s.lO2
\u25a0 Do 2s coupon.... 103% Mex Cent 4s 84 '
Do 3s. .-reg.. ...... 108% Do 1st inc 31%
Do 3s. coupon... 108% Minn & S L 4s 103
Da-new 4s, reg.. 139% M, K & T 4s 98%
Dp new 4s, coup.139% Do .2ds 82
os. reg 108 NY Cent lsts 105%
Do 5s, coupon... 108 - Do gen 3%s ....109
S° < ?! d J 4s> re S-.H2U N J C gren 5s 130
Do old 4s, coup. .11314 Nor Pac 4s .......105
Atch gen 4s 105% Do 3s 72%
t, 1 ? 0 *^* *> 97 N,& W.con 4s... .103%
& ,,9 hl ° 4s •-••104 Reading Gen 4s... 95%
£° 3%s 97% S L & I M con 5s.U6i
_Do conv 4s 105% S L & S F 4s 95
Can So 2ds 107 S L.So lsts 97%
Central of Ga 6s..lO6y. Do 2ds 79
_P° l|t inc 79% S A & A P 4s 86
C h ? 3 & Ohio 4%s.lO6V4 So Pac 4a 91%
Chi^& Alton 3%s.. 84% So t Ry 5s 117%
n Fr » 9 n 4 W 4s -- 96V4 Tex & Pac lsts. ...119%
C..M &;St P gen4sll0% T, S L & W 4s.... 84%
* Neon 7s 140 Union Pacific 4s.. 104%
S'r&h & a% 4s:.. -106 Do conv 4s 106%
C.C.C &SLp 4s.lO4% Wabash lsta 119
£ hl , T 4; rm . 4s 94 *i Do 2ds 110
D & R G 4s 102% Do fieb B 62%
Ere prior lien 4s. 97% West Shore 4s -*f!ll2%
g ri e Gen 4s 87% W & L E 4s...... 89%
F-W--& D C lsts. .104 Wis Cent 4s 8S}|
Hocking Val 4%s..lO7
- - - MINING STOCKS. '
Adams Con 20 Little Chief r 12
Alice 50 Ontario 1125
greece- 140 Ophlr 73
Brunswick Con.... 05 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel... 06% Potosi 05
Con Cal-;& Va.... 170 Savage - ...; 05
peadwood Terra... 50 Sierra. Nevada 18
Horn Silver 1 80 Small Hopes 40
J"" 1 . Silver . 59 Standard , 3 40
Leadville ; Con .... 06' .
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
'Money?- . West End 93%
Call loans .........4@5 Westing Elec 70%
Time loans 4@6 Bonds—
\u25a0• Stocks— NE G & C 5s.... 52%
A; T &St Fe 75% Minins shares-
Do prefd 95% Adventure 24
Amer. Sugar 127% Bingham Min Co.. 32
Amer; Telephone..: 116% Amal Copper 89%
Boston & Albany.256 Atlantic 33%
Boston Elev 171% Calumet & Hecla..67O
Dominion Coal 44% Centennial 20%
Do rrefd ..: 117% Franklin 16%
U S Steel 43% Humboldt 40
•Do prefd 94% Osceola 190
Gen Electric 258% Parrot 40
Ed Elec 111 247% Quincy 160
Mex Central 23 Santa Fe Copper.. 5V4
N;E Gas & Coke. 6 Tamarack 295
Old, Colony. 206% Utah Mining 25%
Old Dominion 28 Wlnona 2%
Rubber 16 Wolverines 60%
Union Pacific .... 96%
~ New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— Money on call closed
steady at 3%@4 per cent; last loan, 3%; ruling
rate, 4 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4%@
6% per cent; sterling exchange heavy, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 85% for
demand and $4 82%@4 82% for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 84@4,S6%; commercial bills
S4S2Q4S3: bar silver, 58%c; Mexican dollars,
45%c; Government bonds', irregular; State
ionds, inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Condition of t He 'Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. '30.— To-day* 3. s state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available! cash
balances. $191,726,721; gold, $102,100,057. . .
London Market. •"'
NEW YORK, Sept 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram- says:
The stock market to-day was listless and un
easy over a fresh relapse in the copper shares,
attributable to nervousness about the Paris set
tlement, where a heavy 'loss is* entailed by the
break in coppers and In -Russian industrial en
terprises.. Rio Tintos opened at' 46%; fell to
45% and closed at 46%; Anaconda touched 7U,
and closed at 7%. The authorities favor the
theory that the slump in Amalgamated is all
a stock market dodgre. *
American shares opened under parity and
held quiet and steady until New York came
as a buyer of United States Steel, which Mor
gan brokers bought freely. The list otherwise
was neglected and the closing was dull.
The Bank of England has bought- £15,000
gold in Australia.
The market, despite the fact we are at the
end of the quarter, is beginning to repay the
bank, but £2,000,000 is due to-morrow.
The exchange will be closed to-morrow.
LONDON, Sept. 30.— Atchison, 70%; Canadian
Pacific, 113%; Denver and Rio Grande, 46%;
do preferred, 95% ; Northern Pacific ! preferred,
96%; Southern Pacific, 57%; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 90; bar silver, quiet, 26 15-16d per ounce;
money, 2@3 per cent.
ons. $1@1 25 for common and $2 B0@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $1@2 50; Mexican Limes,
repacked. $5@6; Bananas, 65c@$l 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.^
The only Important thing under this head Is
the establishment of additional prices for Rai
sins, which will be found below. Prices for
fruits remain as before. :.\u25a0;'-•.\u25a0••
A small lot of new Chestnuts came in, but
was not quoted.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7%@10c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7@8c; sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches 4%@6%c; Pears, 7@9c; Plums, pitted.
4@5%c; unpitted" l@2c; Nectarines, 5® 6c lor red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3%@3%c for black.
PRUNES-New crop are quoted as follows, on
the basis of 3%@3%c for the four sizes: 30-40's.
5%@5%c; 40-50' s, 5@5Vic; 51-60' j?, 4%^4%<;;
60-70's. 4@4%c; 70-80's, 3%@3%c*. 80-SO's, 3@3%c;
»0-100's. 2%@2%c per lb. Old crop are being
cleaned up at 3@3%c for the four sizes.
RAISINS (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. $1 75. Lon
don layers— Three-crown, $1 35; Two-crown.
$1 23. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels—
Four-crown,' t%c; Three-crown, - 4%c; Two
crown. 3%c: Seedless Muscatels. 4%c; Seedless
Sultanas,- 5%c; Thompson Seedless, 6%c.
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c; choice. 7%c;
standard." 6%c; prime, 5%c. Bleached Thomp
sons—Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice. 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime, 6%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 9%c; No. 2,
7%c; No.- 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds.
13@14c for papershell. 10@llc for softshell and
5<S6c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pe
cans ll@13c ; Cocoanuts, $3 50#5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10®
12cfor light amber; water white extracted. 5%
@6c: light amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark, 4®
'^BEESWAX- 2o@28c per lb.
Provisions.
Cottolene has been marked up Uc. Dealers
say that Hams must advance this week to
meet the parity of the .Western markets, but
the whole line of Provisions declined at Chi
cago yesterday. Bacon and Lard rule flnn.
~ CURED MEATS— Bacon. I2%c per lb for
heavy \2V-®^« l° T Hs nt medium, 14c for light.
15c for extra light and . 16c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; California
Hams 13Vic; Mes3 Beef. Jll per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear. $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%@8c per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
12%c; 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins. 12%c; 3-lb tins.
13c. • • k
COTTOLENE— one half-barrel, I0%c: thr*e
half-barre>s, 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two. tierces^
9%c; five tierces, 5%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
, about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides,
9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c; Salted
KID 9V>c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf, 10%c:
Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. ibc;
! Dry Calf. 18c: Culls and Brands. 13c; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 15@30c each: short Wool, 30
i i&50c each; medium. 5O@75c; long Wool. 80c@
' fl each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50(5,2 75 for largl
and $2@2 25 for medium. $1 50@l 75 for email
and 60c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large $1 25@1 B0 for medium. Jl 25 for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins 35c: fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras,
75c- large and smooth. o0c; medium.- 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6Uc: No. .1 rendered, 4%
(Hoc per lb: No. 2. 3%@4c; Krease. . 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive 7 months. 7@Sc: Oregon Valley fine. 14©
15c- do medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll@13c;.do. fair to good. 9@
lie- Nevada, 10@l2c.
Fall— San Jcaquin, 6%@8%c: San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%@9c. Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain free, 9@llc; do. defective. S@9c;
Hurr.boldt and Mendocino. ll@12c per lb.
: HOPS— New, 12©15c per lb. ...... .
i , San Francisco Meat. Market.
'. Local packers now quote light. Hogs at 230
lbs and under Instead of 200 lbs, which has
been, the maximum for a long time. Quota
tions remain unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:- :
BEEF— 6@6%c for* Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cows. \u25a0
. VEAL— Large, 7%@8%c;- small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers. 6*£@7c; Ewes, 6@6%o per
pound. • .
LAMB— 7@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live hogs. 230 lbs and under, 6@6%c;
! over 230 lbs, 5%@5%c; feeders. ' ; sows, 20
per cent oft; boars, 50 per cent oft and a tags 40
per cent off from the above quotation:; dressed
Hogs, 7%@9%c. • -
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7%0
7%c; local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
i Bags. 32@35c: Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit
Bags, 5%ii6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southneld
\u25a0Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
I Bay. $5 50: Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
j end. ,$9: Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75
i in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, -$10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in' bulk
' and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
; is 45 per 2000 lbs and ?S 50 per ton. according to
! brand.
1 OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1.
i 70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled
I 74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
• boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
'\u25a0 extra winter strained, barrels. *0c: cases 85c;
i China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
; in barrels. 67%c; cases. 72%c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
• Whale Oil. natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
1 Fish Oil. in barrels. 37%c; cases, 42%c.
COAL *)IL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk
13%c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 19%c; Astral, 19%c;
; Star,. 19%c; Extra Star. 23%c; Elaine. 24%c;
I Eocene, 21%c: deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk,
15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in
cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26c. ...
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags.-
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.10c; Pow
dered. 4.95c; Candy Granulated, 4.95c;- Dry
Granulated. 4.85c; Confectioners* A, 4.85c; Fruit
Granulated, 4.85c; Beet Granulated 4.75c; Mag
nolia A, 4.45c; Extra C, 4.35c*. Golden C. 4.25c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes
60c more; 60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domi.
nos. half-barrels. 5.35c; boxes. 5.60c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 30.
Flour,' qr sks 18,536 Straw, tons 13
Wheat, ctls 10.233 Onions, sks 718
Barley, ctls 2,571 Tallow, ctls 274
Oats, ctls 5,075 Sugar, ctls 10,210
Corn, ctls 53 Wool, sks 303
Rye, ctls 400 Wine, gals ...... 41.600
Bran, sks 2,466 Brandy, gals .... 1250
Middlings, sks.... 195. Lime, bbls '273
Beans, sks 4,627 Leather, rolls .... 75
Hops, bales 503 Pelts, bdls 255
Hay, tons ; 1.335 Hides, No 621
OREGON.
Oats, ctls '4*7310IBran, sks ..450
WASHINGTON. . .
Flour, qr sks 6,030' Bran, sks 450
" .. EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ........ 1,200.1
October .7.. .10 15 .10 15 9 87% 9 87%
January ....9 50 9 52% - 9 30 -9 32%
May ................ 9 50 : 9 52% \u25a0 9 32% 9 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-> "\u25a0
September ...' 8 92% * 92%, \ 8 82% 8 82%
October ....'..-...'... 8 90 8 90 8 80 8 80
January 8 40 8 40 8 22% 8 22%
May ; ..8 40 8 40 8 30 8 30
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; GALL, TUESDAY, .OCTOBER 1, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Cash quotations, -were as follows:. Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring: wheat, 68@69%c; No. 2 red,
69%@70c; No. 2 corn, yellow, 56c; No. 2 oats,
35%@36*£c; No. 2 white, 36%@37c; No. 3 white,
36%@37%c; No. 2 rye, 55@55%c; fair to choice
malting barley, 55@60c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 60;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 60; prime timothy seed,
$5 3S@5 45; mess pork, per bbl, $14 70@14 75; lard,
per 100 lbs, $9 92%@9 95; short-rib sides (loose),
$8 80@8 95; dry. salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@
7%c; short clear. sides (boxed), $9 50@9 60; whis
ky, basis of high wines, $1 30. . . \u25a0
Articles—^ -. \u25a0 Receipts.- Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28.000 34,000
Wheat, bushels ...140,000 1CO.00O
Corn, bushels 327.000 317,000
Oats, bushels. . 242,000 . 271,000
Rye, bushels 23,000 " :
Barley, bushels, ..105,000 11,000
THE COAST RECORD.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2 —
September 68% . . 68% 68H 68%
December, - 70% 70^" 69% .70?
May-..-..— . 73%- 74 .-> 73% .. 73%
Corn No. .2— , . ., -\u25a0.-.'.
September 55J4 ,65% 64% -E4%
December 66%, 57% 66% 66%
May ................ 5S% 58% 58% 58%
Oats No. 2— , . . •
September 34% . 34% . 34% 34%
December .....-'.... 85%. 35% 35% 35%
May 37% 37% : 37%* 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl— .\u25a0 T 8
October 15 00 15 00' 14 62% 14 62U
January . . . . ..16 22% . 1«22% 16 00 16 00
May ...,. 1625 1625 16 12% . 16 12%
Lard, ner 100 lbs— . . • / \u25a0 . . ,
September ... ...... 10 40. '10 40 9 92% 9 92%
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
AUCTION SALES
. - — \u25a0- •\u25a0
fe> Auction Sale of Horses, fe
30 head Inyo Co. Horses, trotting bred, sired
by sons of "Gibraltar." 2:22. Grandsons of
•"Nutwood." 2:18. and t'Gen-jral Benton." All
well broke, young, sound and good size. Some
extra promising for road or track. Soma all
purposes. Consignment of R. W. Scott.
Sale takes place TUESDAY. Oct. 1, at 11 a. m.
J. M. NELSON'S STABLES, ALAMEDA.
Cor. St. Charles St. and Eagle Ave.
£& AUCTION SALE -_f A
1 AT rsv; ;,
ARCADE HORSE MARKET, 327 SIXTH ST.,
WEDNESDAY. October 2. at 11 a. m..
I will sell, by order of J. W. Homer, 5 New
Buggies. 3 Buggies with ball-bearing axles,
pneumatic tires, wire wheels; 2 with solid rub-
ber tires; also 1 Second-hand Surrey; also 30
Head of all purpose Horses. 3 Sets of Buggy
Harness. JOHN J. DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneer.
.£* £a £&
AUCTION SALE
AT J. D. HORAN'S STOCK YARDS. CORNER
TENTH AND BRYANT STREETS,
SATURDAY. OCT. 5. AT 11 A. M.
I will sell 50 head of well-bred, all-purpos*.
broken and unbroken horses, mares and geld-
ings, several well-mated teams.
This is a select lot of horses from, the Wood-
ard Ranch. Yolo County, and positively shall
be sold -without reserve or limit. -
\u25a0 S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.William H. West has surrounded him
self with a vocal corps of more than ordi
nary ability and a coterie of really funny
comedians for his latest 'minstrel Jubilee,
which is playing a successful week's en-
California.
BERKELEY, Sept. . 30.— Seventy-five
per cent of all' students registered at the
University of California reside in this
city, l making the proportion ' a large in
crease over former years.' ' In 1894-95 51
per cent of the students lived . here ; in
1899-00, 65 per cent, and last year 71.9 per
cent. Of the 2229 students in the colleges
en this side of the bay 229 , live - in San
Francisco; 270 in Oakland, 36 in Alameda,
19 in neighboring places, such as San
Rafael, Niles, etc., and 1675 In Berkeley.
Student Population Increases.
The new stock company at the Alcazar
Theater commenced its season last night,
producing R. C. Carton's play, "Liberty
Hall." The opening was an auspicious cne.
The theater was crowded, the newcomers
were enthusiastically \u25a0welcomed and cre
ated a most favorable impression, the
play was good and there were flowers
galore for every member of the company.
M. L. Alsop. the new leading man, at once
established himself as a prime favorite.
He has an attractive stage presence and
a clear and powerful voice, well modu
lated. He played the part of Mr. Owen
Alcazar.
SeVen Pines Circle, Ladies of the Grand
Army, entertained its friends last .even
ing in its hall in the Pioneer building,
there being present many of the veterans
of the Civil ,War and a number of those
who always embrace the opportunity of
greeting the old soldiers and encouraging
those who assist them. The committee
consisting of Mrs. J. Murray Bailey, Mrs.'
Dr. Ball and Mrs. Dr. Sherwood, ' offered
a programme, preceded by a salute to the
national colors, that was. made up of mu
sical and literary numbers, contributed
by Miss Shafer, Mrs. Bailey, Mrs. Fletch
er, Lulu Lane. Alice Pullen, Mrs. M. C.
Le Courrier, Agnes Graves and the Graber
Mandolin Club. The several numbers
were wen received - and the performers
loudly applauded.
Seven Pines Circle.
GEORGE GREEN MAY BOX .
B-'AN AT KANSAS CITY
Licensed j to j Marry.
OAKLAND, Sept. SO.— Licenses to mar
ry were issued to-day to Frank A.vJohn
son 36, Oakland, , and , Nellie Roses, 21,
Berkeley: Joseph S. Costa, 31, Elmhurst,
and Annie Ramos, 16,' Melrose; . William
C. Cook, 23, and. Mary E. Maple, 2S, both
of San \u25a0 Francisco ; Edward J. : Finniga n ,
29, and Mary. J.- Leach, 27, both of San
Francisco: Albert J. 'Murrita, 25. and
tie C. Costello, 21, both of San, Francisco.
Match Has Been Practically Arranged
Between the Two Middle
weights.
A match has practically been arranged
between George Green, the local middle
weight,'and Tommy Ryan to take place
on the 10th of this' month." before the
Democratic Central. Club of Kansas City.
Green wired the club yesterday that. he
would accept the match if It increased
the size- of the purse offered. - if he re
ceives a favorable reply Green I will leave
ac onct for Kansas. In the meantime^he
is training: for the proposed bout at the
Olympic . Club. \ •
Oakland, Gutter Cleaning.
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— Three gangs of
workmen, seventy-five in all,* will to-mor
row commence cleaning the street gutters
of weeds and debris in order to have them
In good condition for the early rains.
Wilfred Clarke and his supporting com
pany present the funniest sketch seen in
this city for manya day at^the Orpheum.
Last night a packed house roared at the
humerous situations and unusually good
stage business offered. The sketch must
needs be seen to be appreciated. Madge
Fox, direct from New York, where i for
six months she has turned theater-goers
upside down at one particular roof gar
den, combines coon-song shouting with
acrobatic "stunts" extraordinary in the
extreme. Boyce and Wilson are amusing
song and dance men. indulging in abso
lute crazyisms. Arnold Grazer and
Blanche Trelease, the cleverest children
before the public, give a wonderful sing-
Ing and dancing turn, combined with
their "Mysterious Mirrors." Press Eld
ridge unloaded an avalanche of fun at the
audience, Dorothy Morton sang new
songs and the Svengalis continued to
mystify. The Parros brothers, than whom
no better acrobats ever visited San Fran
cisco, and the biograph, with moving pic
tures of the late President's funeral,
complete an. excellent programme.
Orpheum.
Alice de Leon, a French chanteuse,
made a tremendous hit at Fischer's Con
cert House last night, as did also the pan
tomime, '.'A Druggist's Troubles," pre
sented by the Razlllia company. Richards
and Relyea, original "Roman ring" ar
tists, created an acrobatic sensation and
Agnes George, a child soubrette; Robert
Nome, saxophone soloist, and Sam Holds
worth, tenor, completed an excellent pro
gramme.. The house was packed.
Fischer's Concert House.
A large audience enjoyed the new bill
at the Chutes last night. Mile. Lotty
scored a big hit with her beautiful poses.
Carter Bros, are clever acrobats and do
many new and daring feats. Deets and
Don continue to be great favorites with
their novel singing and dancing act. Other
good number are the Carlson sisters,
Valkyra, equilibrist, Berlin sisters in
new songs~anfl a series of new moving
pictures. Including scenes of McKinley at
the Buffalo Exposition.
Chutes.
A capacity testing house demonstrated
approval of the double bill offered at the
Tivoli last night. "Cavalleria" and
"I Pagliacci"' have become favorite operas
at this house, and the rendition was fully
up to the standard of excellence estab
lished. In the first named opera Agottlnl
as Turiddu was pplendid. His ringing
tenor, always perfect in intonation,
brought out the full beauty of the score,
and his acting of the part of the recreant
lover of Santuzza showed the true dram
atic itxstinct. His drinking cup song was
tumultuously redemanded. Barbarescnl
•was Eantuzza. and her voice answered all
the requirements of the trying role. Her
scene with the tenor was strong and her
perfect type of the Italian face made her
the Sicilian girl to the life. Ferrari sang
Alno acceptably, and Pollettini was the
first real Lola the Tivoli has given us.
Miss Boston was fair as Lucia. The inter
mezzo, though heard numberless times,
tailed forth an encore. Salassa. opened
the performance of "I Pagliacci" with .his
magnificent singing of the prologue, and
the great Impression he made last year
was duplicated. His acting of the role
of the revengeful clown equals his Iago
or Nabucco. Montanarl as Nedda ap
peared for the first time in some weeks
and was warmly w'elcomed. Castellano as
the deceived Canlo was in good voice, his
brilliztit upper tones being particularly
telling. Pollettini sang the serenade well,
and Zani's Silvio was a good i>erfornuuice.
The orchestral direction of Steindorff was
never better, the choruses going with fine
precision. "Carmen" Is the bill to-night.
This week Is the last of the Bizet opera.
TivolL
But the tables were turned the next day
when Mrs. Mitchell had Mrs. Still arrest
ed for battery. The case was tried In the
Justice Court and attracted the entire
population of the Livermore Valley as
the contestants are well known;, Mrs.
Mitchell had no trouble proving her case
to the satisfaction of Justice Taylor, who
sentenced Mrs. Still to serve twenty days
in jail. \u25a0 ~
All the. parties to this story of 9n um
brella and a broken head live in the town
of Livermore. The Stills and the Mitch
ells have been neighbors for a long time
and until lately they were on friendly
terms. But one day the neighbors had a
falling out over some trivial thing, with
the result that they have been cherishing
an aversion for each other. The breach
was widened by the gossip of .other peo
ple.
: The other night Mrs. Still laid. In wait
for Mrs. Mitchell behind a woodpile, a
bale of hay or something that was not
transparent and when the rival appeared
began a fusillade of blows upon her head
with an umbrella which she brought
along for the purpose. Mrs. Still bela
bored so hard that she broke the weapon,
after which she used her fists to advan
tage. Mrs. Mitchell, being taken wholly
unawares, was compelled to submit to the
abuse until her assailant grew tired", when
she 1 made her \u25a0way home. .
For being unduly free with her umbrella
Mrs. Annie E. Still of Livermore Is_ serv
ing a sentence of- twenty . days in the
County Jail. Mrs. Still is accused of al
most fracturing Mrs. Cora Mitchell's
frontal bone with her deadly weapon and
making it very unpleasant for the victim
all around.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 30.
Adams continues to maintain the dis
interested attitude that he affected on the
opening day of the trial. He buries his
face in ; his hands and payo little or no
attention to what Is going on about' him.
His faithful daughter sit8 beside him con
stantly. 'C-i /':'
When the case went on this afternoon
after a recess since Friday, on account
of the Illness of Attorney Snook, the
talesmen were examined in quick succes
sion and at the end of two hours the de
fense announced that it was satisfied with
Thomas White, the last man examined.
A short conference was then held,' after
which it was announced that, the case
woMTd be continued until to-morrow
morning. " \u25a0 . ;-.,.-\u25a0\u25a0:
Over and over again the attorneys have
told thft story of Adams' crime to the
: men on the panel by putting hypothetical
questions, of course, and the prejudices
of the possible Jurymen against the in
sanity and self-defense pleas have been
inquired Into exhaustively. "Altogether
fifty-one men "were examined, some
among them having been summoned as
special veniremen on account of the ex
haustion of the regular panel. Of these
nineteen were dismissed by the defense,
nine by the people and eleven by ..ie
court. The defense and prosecution went
•almost to the limit of the peremptory
challenges -which are allowed them,, the
former being given twenty and, the latter
ten. . \u25a0 •\u25a0"'.'
To-morrow morning at . 10 o'clock
Charles G. Adams, who killed John G.
Jessup, will face the jury that is to try
him and which was completed this after
noon. After a struggle that has extended
over five days the attorneys for the peo
ple and the defense succeeded to-day in
getting the last of the necessary twelve
men. They are: L. Linekin, C. B. White,
John Madden, P. Qulnlan, J. McGlvney,
P. J. Delehanty, N. G. Stiirtevant, M. J.
Hanley, Thomas White, Albert Bistorloua,
C. B. Harmon and J. J. White.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 30.
I am satisfied now that I did. wrong In pre
tending: that I was held up and robbed, . but
I couldn't help it at the time. I was driven
to it by persons to whom I owed money and
who would give me no rest. Saturday I went
to San Francisco to collect on a note that was
due me and to try and secure money from other
people owing me. When I started for home I
did not have enough bv $200 to meet ' what 1
had to pay. I knew that some of my creditors,
who wert not as deserving to.be paid as oth
ers I owe, would be at the house. Kather than
disappoint my .generous creditors, who should
have their money as soon j as any ono \u25a0 else,
I decided to meet a fictitious highwayman and
be robbed. I intended to leave the money hid
den away until I obtained sufficient to pay
every onel owed. ••--. \u25a0 , .
The statement that" I told the story of the
hold-up for the purpose of deceiving jny cred
itors is false. I mean to pay every cent I owe
and always meant to do so. I have been so
worked up over money troubles ( that I have
hardly slept during the past week. I Intended
to give up a contract on a house I am building
since this thing \u25a0 happened, but many friends
have come to me and offered to assist me. The
Woodmen In particular - have been friends in
need and friends in deed. I wlll;square up all
my debts if given time.
W. V. Lillie, the Berkeley contractor
who on Saturday night claimed that he
was held up near the High School and
relieved of $700 and who admitted to' the
police yesterday that the alleged robbery
was a fiction of his own Imagination, Is
now sorry that he was the sole party to
the deception. Lillie feels that his strange
action has harmed his name, but he as
serts that he was so worried over finan
cial matters and nagged by persistent
creditors that he could think of no other
way to cause them to ease up for a while
than,J.o resort to the footpad method.
After thinking the matter over he con
cluded to confess his scheme to the po
lice yesterday and. make a clean breast
of the whole strange affair. He said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, . Sept. 30.
Contractor Denies That
He Meant to Peceive
Creditors.
Twelve Men Secured to
Hear the Case of Jes
sup's Slayer.
Mrs. Still Unduly Free
With the Feminine
Weapon.
Joseph Haworth with iconoclastic hand
has .pulled down and broken all the ideals
of days gone by in the Interpretation of
Shylock In "The Merchant of Venice." He
gives us a usurer of mild and even gentle
manners, albeit of grim and ferocious
speech and a purpose satanic In Its lust
for revenge. We miss the cyclone of
furious hate, the softl tearing passion dl
the Shylock we used to know and at
whom the gallery delighted to hiss and
hoot In Its frank democracy. 'Tis a re
pulsive character at best, one that Shake
speare drew with unsparing hand, after
he . had escaped from one of those
"uncles" who did business with the un
fortunate in his time. But Shylock's
desire for revenge smothers his avarice,
and hate is the keynote of his being. Mr.
Haworth in the character walks the stage
as sedately as a philosopher and speaks
the lines as well and precisely as if he
were a professor of elocution. But the
savage lust of the usurer for the blood
of the bankrupt only smolders; there is a
break here and there in the lava,' an
escape of hot steam and a few sparks,
and that Is all to tell of the volcanic fire
beneath. The star's performance of the
Jew, however, gives promise of a good
Hamlet next week, a character more In
accord with the actor's personality.
Butler, Mayall and Bernard are good sup
port as Antonio, Bassanio and Gratiano,
respectively. \u25a0: Adele Bel&rade, a trine
feminine for Portia, and Mabel Heritage,
a sweet but rather insipid Jessica, con
stitute the remainder of the cast.
Grand Opera-House.
"Kidnaped" in Its initial appearance
at the Central last night was greeted
with a crowded house and constantly re
curring applause. The play is rather
more realistic, if possible, than the ordi
nary melodrama, and is excellently ren
dered by the company.
Willard Blackmore, the hero of the
play, in the character of a German dude
seemed to be the favorite with the au
dience. Jennie Wiedman was the next in
line for honors, and Margaret 1 Marshall
and James Corrigan created no end of
amusement in their characterization of
an Irish couple. Frank Fanning, the vil
lain,* was hissed in a manner which
showed that he .played his part to the
entire satisfaction of the spectators Ed
win Emery and Annette Marshall were
also received vociferously. The minor
parts were also well carried out and the
play as a whole is admirably balanced.
In view of last night's success, it seems
probable that the performance will have
more than an ordinarily good run.
Central.
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— The attorneys
engaged in the mandamus suit of the
Contra Costa Water Company against
City Auditor Breed presented arguments
before Judge Ellsworth to-day and when
the sessioti came to a close the case was
continued to Thursday for further argu
ment.
Attorney Guy C. Earl, for the Auditor,
devoted most of his remarks to. his con
tention that the water company has for
feited Its franchise because it did not
conform to a law which says that water
rates must be fixed by ordinance and
not by resolution.
Replying, Attorney McCutchen. - for
the water company, insisted that the pen
alty for -the disobedience of the letter
of the law Is absurd. He said that the
company might easily be deprived of Its
property without due process of law if
the law was enforced and probably
through no fault of the corporation. At
torney Knight followed McCutchen \u25a0 for
the company but did not finish.
Mrs. Field's Will Is Filed.
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— By the terms of
the will of the late Mrs. Susan^ Field,
widow of the late Supreme Justice Field,
one-third of the estate goes to a niece.
Miss Charlotte Anita Whitney, superin
tendent of the Associated Charities of
this city. Two-thirds of the property is
willed to a 3lster, Mrs. Condit-Smitb,
which will revert to' another sister. Mrs.
Mary L. Whitney of this city. The will
was filed In Washington.
Familiar Figure to Leave College.
BERKELEY, Sept. 30.— John Maison,
one of the familiar characters at the
University of California, where during the
last thirteen years he . has acted as
messenger or janitor, has resigned his
position and will retire from active life.
He was the first volunteer to enlist from
California during the Civil War and
served six years, first In the First Cali
fornia and later in the Second United
States Artillery- He was wounded several
times.
Trustees to Fix Tax Bate.
"ALAMEDA. Sept. 30.— The City Trus
tees will hold a special meeting Friday
night for the purpose of discussing tho 1
tax rate for the year. The chances are |
that the rate will be the same as last I
year the Trustees having aimed to keep *
the department estimates down ' so that §
the rate will not go over Jl 20 on the JlOOi:
valuation.
Chinese Is Beaten.
Lee Now, a Chinese who conducts a
broom factory at 749 Clay street, was
beaten yesterday afternoon on Sixth
street by hoodlums. A severe cut over his
eye was attended at the Central Receiv
ing Hospital.
ATTORNEYS STTLL ARGTJI1TQ.
THE MANDAMUS CASE
gagement at the California. The end men
are led by the inimitable "Billy" Van,
who tells jokes in a way that would posi
tively make a horse laugh. Van is heard
to advantage in the olio also, and his
popularity is attested by shrieks of
laughter. West himself, is tile most fin
ished Interlocutor on the minstrel stage,
and the first part under his direction is
a marvel of beauty. John H. King is a
close second to Van In fun-making, and
scores largely with "Go Way Back and
Sit Down." Clement Stewart, Manuel
Romaine and Georgie Jones, the boy
barytone, sing beautiful selections in fine
style: "Excelsior," sung by a quintet,
concludes a very clever first part.
The olio comprises the Rio brothers,
who have a distinct novelty in an acro
batic act, and the Zeb and Zarrow trio,
who present a Whirlwind of novel sur
prises with bicycles and wheels of the
most fantastic description.
Next week Herrmann, the great magi
cian, will be seen at the California in
some of his latest Illusions.
perfectly and naturally. Miss Alberta
Converse, the new leading lady, was ap
parently timid at first, but she soon
showed that the judgment of the manage
ment in selecting her was not misplaced.
She has a charming personality and her
acting is finely shaded. She carried the
audience with her in the part of Blanche
Chilworth, which she played with rare
tenderness and expression. Miss Carrie
Lamont as Amy, her sister, was warmly
received, as she was the winsome, lovable
girl to the life. She has a sweet, clear
voice and winning -ways. Dana Tracy, the
new juvenile, did not have any oppor
tunity of proving what he is capable of
doing in the part of Robert Binks, the
shop boy. Of the old" members of the
company Frank Bacon did a very clever
piece of character work as Todman, the
old bookseller, and Howard Scott was
almost as good as Brlginshaw, the vulgar
tradesman. The other parts were credit
ably filled by Paul Gerson, Barton Hill,
Walter Belasco, Carlyle Moore, Marie
Howe and Agnes Ranken. There should
be crowded houses during the week.
amusing adventures among the English
aristocracy, form the basis of the story,
\u25a0worked out with a rich and racy humor
by Owen Hall, who has had more Amer
ican millionaires than Astor in London to
draw from.
The part of Gilfain is well taken by W.
T. Carleton. who makes his appearance
here after too long an absence. He looks
the- planter excellently, sings his songs
in a sweet, though not strong voice, and
fill? all other requirements of the role.
The prettiest thing in the play is Miss
Grtce Dudley, a delicate and dainty little
lady who takes the Lady Holyrood part.
She dances like a fairy, as the children
say. and has snap, air. vim enough to
ecyply the crowd. She is everything she
should be, this chic and piquant littie
damsel, pretty as a picture, too. but she
can't sing, any more than can Miss Mil
lard, who is the Dolores of the cast. Miss
-.lillard wears the only tights in the
\u25a0\u25a0Florodora" crowd to admiration, and
looks just the petulant Tivoli cherub we
all remember, but she has not yet learned
how to sing. Frances Gordon is another
pretty maiden, and is charming as Angela
GMfain.
Sir. Bowers, as Frank Abercord. was
very pleasing, and has a smooth and
fweet voice that appears in "Under the
Palms" to best advantage, Philip Ryiey
is the comedian, and a beautifully un
earthly figure he is as Anthony Tweedle
punch. He is funny in a felicitously origi
nal fashion and has a splendid part as
Tweedlepuneh.
"Tell Me, Pretty Maiden." sung by
the double sextet. Is probably one of the
prettiest numbers ever seen on the local
stage, and was encored time and again
by the audience, which went away at 11:15
\u25a0whistling it.
"Florodora" has certainly "arrived.
ADAMS TO FACE
JURY OF PEERS
BERKELEY, Sept. 20,— W. W. Smith,
former captain and star halfback on the
university -football team, left to-night at
7 o'clock for the north to coach the Uni
versity of Oregon gridiron squad. He will
put the men in condition for a contest
with Washington and northern athletic
clubs and probable meets with California
and Stanford. Smith's position was form
erly held by. Dr. Frank Simpson, Berke
ley's coach, and by Lawrence Kaarsberg.
To Coach Oregon.
LILLIE WANTED
FURTHER TIME
church, is exciting unusual inter
est in musical circles. This will be only
the second time this much discussed
work has been presented In this city, the
first production being about three years
ago. The words of this novel musical
composition are taken from FitzGerald's
translation of the "Rubalyat" of Omar
Khayyam, and although as a -musical
composition the song cycle' has frequently
been a subject of disagreement' among
musicians and critics, It Is generally con-
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— The produc
tion of Liza Lehmann's song
cycle, "In a Persian Garden," to
morrow evening at the Unitarian
A TRIO OF BRIGHT STARS OF THE THEATRICAL FIRMAMENT WHO ARE AT PRESENT CONTRIBUTING
LARGELY TO THE ENTERTAINMENT OF THE PATRONS OF THREE OF THE LEADING PLAYHOUSES
IN THIS CITY.
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— Judge Ellsworth
gave Mrs. Ethjdle Holmes a divorce to
day from Carroll* Holmes after listening
to the testimony of the wife, her mother
and two friends regarding Holmes' cruel
ty. It developed in the testimony that
Holmes had once made a deed of some
property to his wife, who afterward dis
covered that he had no property and was
only playing a joke.
Holmes Fooled His Wife.
PUMMELS RIVAL
WITH UMBRELLA
A short miscellaneous programme will
precede the song cycle, which will be as
follows: (a) "A Narrative" (Milden
burg). (b) "A Dream So Fair" (John VV.
Metcalf). Miss Grace Carroll: scene,irom
"La Boheme" (Puccini), (a) tenor solo,
(b) soprano solo, (c) grand duet, Mrs.
Carrie Brown Dexter and Algernon Asp
land. : -"
It is the intention of those Intereste-1
in the present concert to give a series of
musical entertainments during the win
ter, in order to give music lovers an op
portunity to hear other works which ara
equally meritorious, but which, owing to
their peculiar construction, are uncom
mon. ."The Daisy Chain," also by Liza
Lehmann, will doubtless be the main
feature of a future concert.
ceded to possess unusual merit.
The singers who will present "In a Per
sian Garden" are all well and favorably
known in this city, being Mrs. Carrie
Brown Dexter,. Miss Grace Carroll, Alger
non Aspland and S. ' Homer Henley of
San Francisco. The last named gentle
man has not been heard in Oakland for a
year or more. "Will B. King will play the
accompaniment, which, by the way, is
not the least interesting feature of the
work.
ONE OF THE PROMINENT SING
ERS TO BE HEARD IN THE SONG
CYCLE.
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— Judge Melvin In
structed the ,new Grand Jury in its du
ties after it Had been sworn in this morn
ing. His charge was purely formal, no
reference being made to any particular
event within the county that has hap-'
pened since the last Grand Jury adjourn
ed. The court said to the jurors: "l do
not suppose any person would be so lost
to all sense of decency as to approach
you improperly: but if fluch threats
should be made, either by oral or written
communication, it is your duty to at once
make known the fact to the court to th<j
end that the offender may be rigidly and
properly punished."
The jury is composed of-'the following
named citizens: "Wallace Everson, P. Re
mond, H. TV. Watkins, G. E. Chittendea,
Ernest E. Hall, James JLlnfoot, H. C. Taft,
E. .P. Flint. W. I. Reed, Andrew Ramage.
Solomon Ehrmann, C. A., Klose, Elisher
K. Waterman. J. F. \V« Sohst, George
Kirk, D. N. Coey, Henry Ifichael, Charles
A. Sessions and August Hageman.
Formal Instructions Given to the
Inquisitors Who Will Serve
During the Half Year.
JUDGE MELVIN CHARGES
THE NEW GRAND JURY
The plaintiffs charge in their complaint
that on September 20, 1901, they bought
from the Agard & Russell Company out
standing accounts due the firm, from
various debtors amounting to $17,000. of
which ?4000 is due from the defendant.
Upon the purchase. of these accounts the
plaintiffs and defendant became co
partners In the grocery business. Since
the firm was organized, the plaintiffs
claim, the defendant has failed to live up
to his agreement and has appropriated to
his own use money he has collected. They
Bay they have been excluded from col
lecting at all | and that Russell Is taking
money in excess of the amount to which
he is entitled.
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— Suit was begun
to-day for a dissolution of the partnership
existing among the members of the Agard
& Russell Company and the appointment
of a receiver to take charge of the busi
ness. The plaintiffs are George W. Scott,
John F. Agard and James J. Agard and
the defendant is George A. Russell. .
Company Fail to Agree and Disso
lution and Receiver Asked.
Members of the Agard & Russell
BHORT LIVED EXISTENCE
OF A GROCERY ITRK
In some way the underpinning of the
warehouse gave way on Saturday night.
TVhen the drop came the warehouse burst
wide open, and the grain was spread
over the country for hundreds of feet
around.
The loss will fall entirely upon the Vol
mer company, for they purchased the
grain outright and owned the contents of
the warehouse. The loss will amount to
about $5000.
With a crash that was heard for *a mile
around, the great Volmer warehouse at
Decoto burst open on Saturday night and
buried the railroad track in grain. It
was found necessary to dig a way
through the loose grain in order to per
mit the passage of the regular trains.
The wrecking of the warehouse was on©
of the most peculiar, as well as disast
rous, events that has happened In the
lower part of the county. R. Volmer &
Co. had filled the warehouse to the very
roof with grain which they had purchased
from the farmers of "Washington Town
ship. The inability of the farmers to
get their grain to a market in San Fran
cisco, or to the shipping at Port Costa,
made the purchase of grain a profitable
Investment. Volmer & Co.. have been
making large purchases for several weeks
and they stored their purchases In their
warehouse at Decoto.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 30.
Friday morning, October 4, 8:30 — Devotional
service, led by Rev. B. D. Naylor, Grass "Val
ley. 8:45— Business; Pacific Theological Semi
nary; 1, report of board of visitors; 2, report
of treasurer. 10:00— Paper and discussion. Sub
ject. "The Person of Christ in Current Re
ligious Thinking," Professor F. H. Foster, Pa
clfic Theological Seminary. 11:00— Closing busi
ness; reports of committees., ll:30-<;ioslng de
votional service, led by the' moderator. 12:00—
Final adjournment. • \u25a0 \u25a0 , i
By vote of association pastors are requested
to remember in prayer at the public services
of Sunday, September 29. the approaching ses
sion of the General Association. ;
Thursday afternoon— 2 o'clock, devotional ser
vice, led by Rev. W. H. Cooke, Sunol Glen;
2:15, business; 2:30, papers and discussion; sub
ject. "The Movement for Better Religious In
struction"; (1), "Need-of It," Rev. C. G. Bald-
Win, Palo Alto; (2), What Is Being Done and
Projected," Rev. H. M. Tenney, San Jose; 4:00,
adjournment to Pacific Theological Seminary,
Atherton street, Berkeley; inspection of sem
inary building; 5:30, supper (for delegates) in
First Congregational Church, Berkeley, with
speeches; toastmaster, President J. K. Mc-
Lean.
Thursday evenlnsr, \u25a0 7:30— Praise- service, led
by Rev. S. R. Yarrow, Rocklln: 8:00— Papers
and discussion. Subject, "'The New Evangel
ism"; 1. "Relixrloua Experience Under It."
Rev. C. D. Milliken. Cupertino; 2, "Preach
ing Under It"; 3, "Church Membership Under
It." Rev. George C. Adams, San Francisco.
Wednesday morning, October 2. 8:30 o'clock-
Devotional service, led by Rev. A. E. John
son. Hay wards; 9, business, reports of commit
tees; 9:30. narrative of the churches. Rev. J.
H. Goodell, Oakland; 10, paper, "Seriousness
of the Church's Present Situation," Rev.
George B. Hatch. Berkeley; 10:30, papers and
discussion, subject, '"The Prayer Meeting'";
(1) from the minister's standpoint, Rev. R.C.
Brooks. Oakland; (2) from the layman's stand
point, Stuart Elliot, San Francisco; 11:43, busi
ness, 12, adjournment. \u25a0
Wednesday 'afternoon — Two o'clock, devotion
al service, led by Rev. R. B. Cherlngton, Ken
wood; 2:15. business; 2:30, Congregational
Church Building Society, Rev. H. H. Wikoff;
2:45, Congregational Sunday School and Pub
lishing Society. Rev. E, J. Singer; 3:00. "The
PaciSc.' r Rev. W. W. Ferrier; 3:15, "Foreign
Missions," (1) "Forward Movements in Other
Denominations," Rev. B. M. Palmer, Benicia;
(2) "Our Own Forward Movement," R. H.
Chamberlain. Oakland: (5) report by Rev. Wal
ter Frear; (4) Woman's Board of the Pacific,
Mrs. A. P. Peck, president; (5) addresses by
missionaries; 5:15, business; adjournment.
Wednesday evening— 7:30 o'clock, praise ser
vice, led by Rev. H. H. Cole, San Francisco:
8:00, California Home Missionary Society,
Woman's Home Missionary Union.
Thursday morning, October 3—8:30 o'clock, de
vofional services, led by Rev. M. J. Luark,
Murphy's; 9:00, business; 9:15. annual business
meeting of California Home Missionary Society;
10:15, papers 'and discussion; subject, ''Church
Federation"; (1), '"History ofithe Movement,"
Rev. S. C. Patterson, Petaluma; (2), "Its Prac
tical Workings. Rev. J. R. Knodell. Santa
Cruz, 11:45. report of trustees of Ministerial
Relief Society; 12, adjournment. \u25a0 •
The forty-ninth annual session of the
General Association of the Congregational
Churches \u25a0 of California , will convene at
the First Congregational Church in th's
city to-morrow afternoon and continue
with morning, afternoon and evening ses
sions until Friday, when it will adjourn.
The programme lor the convention will
be as follows: J&
Tuesday afternoon. October 1, 2 o'clock —
Opening devotional service, led by Rev. H. E.
Banham. Cloverdale; 3, organization, roll call
by . registrar, address of welcome, Kf v. C. R.
Brown, pastor; response by moderator, appoint
ment of committees, reports from delegates to
fraternal bodies, introduction of 1 delegates from
fraternal bodies; 6, adjournment.
Tuesday evening, 7:30 o'clock— Praise service
led by Rev. H. V. Burgess. Auburn; 8. Asso
clatlonal sermon. Rev. Griffith Griffiths. Eu
reka; communion service, led by Rev. William
Windsor, Campbell; Rev.. W. C. Day, San
Francisco. - ., . .. \u25a0 v
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 30.
Delegates Are Coming From
All Parts of the
State.
Way for Trains Had to Be
Dug Through the
Grain.
Volmer Warehouse at
Decoto Bursts
Open.
Annual Session to Be
Held by Congrega
tional Churches.
WHEAT BURIES
RAILROAD TRACK
RELIGION WILL
BE THE SUBJECT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER i; 1901.
"In a Persian Garden/' With Words From the
\ "Rubaiyat," Is* to Be Presented in Oakland.
SONG CYCLE AROUSES
UNUSUAL INTEREST
"Florodora" Reaches Expectations— Alcazar's New Company Meets
With Complete Favor— Haworth^ Unusual Shylocfc*
"TELL ME, PRETTY MAIDEN," STAMPS
ITS MELODY ON EARS OF HEARERS
SAN FRANCISCO is now lined up
with the rest of the earth on the
*'Florodora" question; "Florado
ra" has come, been seen, and has
conquered. Every seat was. filled
last night at the Columbia to greet the
tuneful comedy, and almost as many peo
ple forgot they were standing for the two
acts and three hours of the bright non
sense that "Florodora" brings to town.
Owen Hall, who wrote the book of "The
Geisha," has written a vastly smarter
one for '"FloroJora." achieving an almost
Oscar. Wilde figure in the satiric society
widow. Lady Holyrood. The plot has a
little more fiber than is common with its
kind, the lines are sufficiently bright, and
the book is fitted to catchy, sparkling
melodies throughout, for which Mr. Leslie
Stewart is responsible. The mountings
ere rich and picturesque, and the cos
tumes bright, smart, novel and fresh,
end there is a chorus that goes like
clockwork, witn the aid of an apparently
unlimited number of pretty girls and
spruce young men. The orchestra, too,
is a considerable feature, and under Mr.
Pafllrna's competent baton is very pleas
ing.
Florodora. as everybody knows, is one
of the Philippine islands, that has been
6tolen from a 'one, lorn orphan, Dolores,
by a respectable British pirate, Cyrus W.
Gilfain by name. Gilfain has also pirated
Dolores* lamented papa's recipe for the
famous Florodora perfume, by which the
bloated monopolist has succeeded in ac
quiring a millionaireship. His attempt to
keep the secret of his odorous crime by
trying to marry the orphan, and his
11
rTJT 1 ™?* "When" the' fickle appe-
ySjJ (\ tite of the irritable con-
||50L£?^: valescent rejects everr-
|pi|*|f thing else you can think* "
F^||a °* i Q th e food line, try
J=SjH1I him vrith a cup of "beef
tea made from
- - ~ \u25a0-.-\u25a0-\u25a0 . .- • \u25a0 --\u25a0?-#
OP BEEF. O4ds are that he takes
it gratefully and feels better after..:-\u25a0;\u25a0 \u25a0 ; : \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0•;\u25a0 • \u25a0 .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; TUESDAY , OCTOBER : 1 , 1901.
12
gAJf FRAJTCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery Etreet
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
629 McAllister 6treet; open until 9:30. p. m.
CIS Larkin Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market Etreet corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. \u25a0
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 8 p.m.
2200 Flllmore street: cpen until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. __.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M.. m
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _/\_
ING. Oct. 1. at T:3o o'clock.— Stated TS/C
meeting and R. A. degree. By order /
of the H. P. FRANKLIN -H. DAY, Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and A. m
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) A,
EVENING, at J:30 o'clock. Degree 3.KJC
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary. v^
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., •
121 Eddy St.— Stated meeting THIS _ Jf\-
E VEXING, 7:30 o'clock. JV/S
G KQRG E PENLINGTON. Sec. * V
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. M. *
—Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) -IV.
EVENING, at i o- clock. jU\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary- '»'
DIV. No. 2, A O. H.— The regular
monthly meeting of this division will >»LWJjf
be held at Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth _J&vg.
Et.. on TUESDAY. October 1. 190L at ff^gjj
7:30 p. n.. *
JOHN KENNY. President
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— Notice is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders cf the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY. October S, 1S0L at 11 o'clock a. m. By
order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
ADOPTION.
GIRL «ud bey baby for adoption. MR8. DR.
FCKKE. 1416 Eighth ft.. Alameda,
AGEXTS WASTED.
McKINLEY*S Life, by Murat Halsted; best
author; best book; best terms; retails $1 50;
will dUDlicate any offer on inferior books;
credit given; freight paid; outfit free. J. S.
ZIEGLER & CO.. Chicago. 111.
AGENTS WANTED— Life of McKinley. five
hundred page large book; handsomely illus-
trated; outfit free; now ready; 75 per cent
discount to apents; freight paid; credit given.
HENRY NEIL. S23 Dearborn St., Chicago.
•WANTED— Canvassers for the only dustless
floor brush manufactory for household, stores,
public buildings; fast seller; big profit. Call
or add. Geo T. Bryant. 14 McAllister, r. 36.
OUR martyr Presidents. McKinley, Garneld,
Lincoln: their Illustrious lives and glorious
deeds; handsomely illustrated: outfit sent on
receipt of 25c. J. A. HOFMANN, 1219 Bush.
AGENTS wanted— Life of. McKinley; 600 page. |
large book; handsomely illustrated; outfit J
free; now ready. S. C. "MILLER & CO.. Port- j
- land. Or. 1
TWO solicitors to canvass family trade on tea
and coffee proposition; liberal inducements.
Box 744, Call.
HALSTEAD'S "Life of President McKinley":
agents wanted. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood buildinr.
ASPHALTC3I ROOFIXG.
J. . PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S5 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTOllXISVS AT LAW,
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
quitt; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc.. prepared; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. S50 Market st.
ADVICE. free;divorces private; bankruptcy ;col- I
lections ;attachments ; mortgages; bills of Bale: j
partnerships; deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open j
eve's. THURSTON. 100SH Mkt. r. 4. op. 6th. \
ADVICE Iree; oi>en eve.: moderate fee If sue- ]
ceseful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. 927 Market Et. j
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. i
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market st. opp. Mason. ]
L. S. CLARK. Emma Soreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- !
ket st. : consultation free; no fees in advance, j
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY wishes child to board; country home; j
easy terms; reference. L. LEITHMANN,
;, Dimond Postoflice, Fruitvale.
WANTED— Young boy* to board in refined fam- I
ily. MRS. GEORGE SAN'DOW. 762 Clayton. \u25a0
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California 6t.
~ BOOKS — SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission Et.
BCREAU TRUXKS.
ASK to Eee Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard, j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar, . with livinp
rooms, in best rart of the Mission; call at |
once, you will have a bargain. R. G. |
WILKE, IS 1 ,; Kearny gt. i
A— J750; THE leading delicacy store In the Mis- !
sion. doing a first-clat-s paying business and '
having the cream of the trade; fresh stock, j
elegant fixtures; a rare chance. Call R. G. (
WILKE. 26H; Kearny st. j
A— $1000; PARTNER wanted in old-established \
corner saloon: best downtown location; a rare
chance. R. G. WILK5, 26^s Kearny st.
A— $1100; RESTAURANT close to»Market Bt; :
near Chronicle bldg.; a good paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. ;
A— $2500; LIVERY and boarding stable north of i
Market St., clearing above $300 per month; full j
valu<» in sight; a rare opportunity. Call R. j
G. WILKE. 26V± Kearny et.
A — S450; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the j
water front; rent $25; must be sold at once, as j
owner is compelled to return to Michigan. Call •
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et. \
A — $600; CIGAR store; rent $20; very beet stand
on Kearny st. ; owner muet leave for Fresno ; |
value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ j
Kearny £t. j
X — $400; CORNER saloon on Mason St.: rent $25; !
good business; must be sold at once; owner j
accepted Government position. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% • Kearny gt.
ATTENTION, buyers — Lodering-house, 9 rms.,
price $350; 12 rms.. $250, with piano; rooming-
Bouse. 41 rms.; rooming and boarding, 12 !
rme.; hotel, 40 rms.; restaurant on Market St.,
a great bargain, $500; restaurant on Third St.,
price $2(X«>. for chances for any business call
on McBRIDE & CO., Auctioneers and Real i
Estate, 1016 Market st, opposite Fifth.
MAN with $500 capital; best investment for thf "<
money in the city. \u25a0 McBRIDE & CO.. 1015
Market Bt.. opposite Fifth.
CHOP houseT $12i McBRIDE & CO.. 1016
Market ct
GROCERY and bar. JCSO. McBRIDE & CO.. i
1016 Market Et.
J200— PARTNER wanted; light business; suited '
to plain, steady mar satisfied with $15 to $1S
a week, with chance of increase; no experi-
ence required. la Geary St., room 1.
PARTNER wanted to take active part in light ;
business, where $500 can be made the next €0 ',
days, with chance for $100 a month the year
round; must have $600 and be willing to as-
;-i« generally. 25 Geary gt., room 1.
5 LADIES wanted with $200 each as directors
in gold mining company having rich deposit
in Shasta Co. G. NEWTON & CO.. 759 Market.
A— JS50 CORNER saloon; city front; clears $"200
month. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A— $3500: GROCERY and bar: estab. -16 years;
fine trade. A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
WANTED— For an old established corner gro-
cery and liquor store, south of Market, a
proper tenant. Apply at Washington Brew-.,
ery, cor. Lombard and Tayiorsts.. forenoon.
WANTED— Working partner' with some capital
in a new manufacturing enterprise; quick re-
turns. Factory, 235 Valencia st
TO let — Front Btall in Grand Western Market
for butter eggs and delicatessen business. J.
H. EGGERS. 1212 Polk st.
A— $75 ;• FRUIT, cigar and lunch 6tore; good
trade. Pacific Business Exchange, 765 Market
LADY wants gentleman buy Interest establish-
ed business; terms suit buyer. Box 865,, Call. 1
FOR sale — A grocery and bar. Inquire at An-
chor. Brewer}'. 1*31 Pacific St., near Larkin.
FOR sale— Grocery business In resident part of
San Jose. Address D.. Call office, San Jose.
CIGAR store for ecZe. 229 Fourth Et -7V % :?;'
WA NTED— An energetic business man with
$1250 as partner in old-established coal busi-
ness clearing $300 per month; fine large horses
and wagons; large stock on hand; or will sell
the wbcle: stock and improvements invoice
13000. J- H. ET ANTON. 47 Post st
W WTED— Small ranch within 100 miles of
c"-'ty some improvements and never falling
Fpring water; will give a fine paying grocery
cleariiis ?12» month in exchange; no agents;
owter only. 633 McAllister gt.
FOR exchange-Lodging-house for chicken
ranch near town. Box 829. Call office.
"FLATS TO LET—-Contlnocd. _
HAY WARD »t., 2, near Eighth— Sunny upper
flat, A rooms; rear: $7. -
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens; corner bay wln-
dow; middle; modern. Key 417% Third st
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, bath. 4054 Nineteenth
\u25a0at, near Castro. \u25a0- • • '" "
FLAT of 6 rooms; gas range; $10. Jersey and
Sanchez sts.
SUNNY upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;, new
plumbing; first-class condition. 2108 Baker st.
$11—291 SHIPLEY, near Sixth, flat 5 rooms,
bath, gas; nice yard. • \u25a0 \u25a0
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
LASKIE, 27, between Eighth and Ninth— 3 sun-
ny furnished rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $12. _^_
CAPP, 913, near Twenty-fourth— Completely
furnished flat. 4 rooms, bath; porch; $20; no
children. . . _^__
AKirPICTURES.
CLYDeTTk"eLLErTi28-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror. '
$1 — Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mlsslop, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st; telephone Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 123 & 132 Ellis.
3000 YARDS carpet; leather library set, 5 pieces,
cost $125. D. GREENWALT. 708 Valencia at.
FURNITURE good as new of' 3 rooms for
housekeeping. 262 Minna st. ; no dealers.
FURNITURE XV ANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, 928 Howard st;
tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
_pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
. HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, country $20
10 waitresses, city .• $20
6 waitresses, restaurants — .$40
Laundress, country hotel $20
Manglers, instiiutlon and hotel.. $15
Cook, country hotel fare paid- $30
\u25a0 FAMILY DEPARTMENT—
Chambermaid and seamstress $25
2 houFegirls, Bakersfield, see parties here
$20-$30
Howegirl. Santa Clara County, no wash.. $20
Middle-aged woman, care of children.. $15
Housegirl. ranch work — $25
Cooks, housegirls, second girls $10-$3Q
A nurse for invalid lady $20
C. R. HAXSEN & CO..... 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Second girl, 2 in family, $25, San
Mateo, see party here; second girl, Menlo
Park, $25; parlor maid and waitress, $25, see
lady at 10 o clock; second girl and saamstreas,
$25, Alameda; 8 second girls, $20 and $25;
chambermaid and seamstress, $25; 2 cham-
bermaids, $18 to $30; cook, students' board-
ing-house, $35; first-class cook, German style,
$35; 3 laundresses, family work, $25 and $30;
8 waitresses, city and country, $20; cook,
family boarding-house, $30; 68 girls for gen-
eral • housework, city and country, $20 and
$25; chambermaid, $30. no board. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter at.
CHAMBERMAID, $15: waitress, city, $25;
housework, Stanford University, $25; a girl to
help in mangle and do plain ironing; institu-
tion, $15; cook and second girl, Alameda, $20
and $15; a waitress, Nevada, $20, fare paid;
chambermaid and waitress, Monterey County,
$20, fare paid; chambermaid and laundress,
$25; waitress, Benicia, $20; waitress. Martinez.
$20; working housekeeper, city. $15; woman
with a child, country, $12. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
"Waitress, Bakersfield, $25; waitress, Stockton,
$20; waitress, restaurant, $25; 7 waitresses,
first-class city hotels, $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl. Berkeley. $25; houseglrl, 4 In fam-
ily, city, $25; 2 housegirls, $20; invalid nurse,
2; many other choice places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO... 335 Geary st.
WANTED— A bright, good typewriter and
stenographer, one who can act as saleslady:
state experience, wages wanted; hours from
8 to 6 a. m. Address K., box 736, Call office.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman or girl for
general housework and plain cooking in
small family; easy place; a good home; no
wash. 105 Grove st.
GIRLS, 14 to 16 years old, light work in knit-
ting mill. GANTNER & MATTEP.N. 1017
Hyde st.
GIRL about 16 years with some experience to
assist with care of Infant. Address MRS. E.
T. HOUGHTON, San Mateo.
THOROUGHLY reliable girl to assist With
general housework; $10 to $12 per month.
417 Hayes st.
GIRL who understands keeping stock. I,
MAGNIN & CO., 656 Mission St.. 3d floor.
WANTED — Pants operators. Apply factory, S.
N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
TIDY, honest girl for store across bay; state
.' wages. Address box 741, Call.
GIRL wanted to work in paper-box factory.
Apply 434 Jackson st.
WANTED— Experienced bindery girls. Apply
SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741-745 Market St.
STEADY work for girls at 522 Market St.
OPERATORS wanted on flannel underwear.
HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mission st.
WANTED — First-class waist finishers onfy.
Call room A, 121 Post St.
GIRL for light housework and care of 1 child;
good home. 69 Chattanooga st, near 22d.
WANTED — Chambermaid at the Manhattan
House, 825 Battery St. \u25a0
YOUNG girl wanted In printing office; $3, 40
California st, room 9.
COLORED girl to work in kitchen and assist
downstairs; good wages. 478 Eddy st.
OPERATORS on ladies' waists and wrappers.
656 Mission St., fourth floor. ;
MILLINER — First-class maker" for large in-
terior city; salary $10: Address box 740, Call.
JEWISH or German woman to take care of
invalid. HARRIS', 105 Stockton st.
WANTED— Girl as assistant cashier. Califor-
nia Dairy Kitchen.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on skirts and
coats. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny at.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; steady work
BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541 Market «t.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; also
apprentice. 42 Verona st. off Third.
A FIRST-CLASS talloress on fine coats. 1200
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coat finisher on custom made
coats. 411V& Kearny st, top floor.
FIRST-CLASS operator and finisher on pants;
good wages. 1000 Harrison st., cor. Sixth.
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress. 7 Taylor
st. ; $7 a week. \u25a0 .
GIRL for light second work and sewing. Apply
1815 Laruna st.
GIRL for ceneral housework; good plain cook.
Apply 1062 Fulton St.
BUTTONHOLE-MAKERS and finishers on cus-
tom coats; steady work. 40 Ellis at, -room 52.
WANTED— Helpers for dressmaking on waists
and skirts. Apply at 234 Post st, room 10.
OPERATOR to make baseball shirts. 952 Mis-
sion st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework- $10.
3190 Sixteenth st, near Guerrero.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress at once. F. KRA-
MER, 220 Powell st.
WANTED— A girl to assist In general house-
work. Apply at 1911 Bush st.
WOMAN wanted for , general housework. 955U
Folsom st. . \u25a0' : ;
ACTIVE girl for light work. St. Nicholas
Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
COPYIST wanted; quick. legible writer; state
wages expected. Box 735, Call •office.
PANTS , finishers; steady work. 858 Howard
St., bet. 4th and 5th, over handball court
WOMAN for housework- no cooking; no wash-
'lng; wages $12. 1405 .Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Girl for housework; $15. 25*0 Sut-
ter et.
WANTED— Two first-class millinery makers
ABRAHAMSON BROS.. Oakland. maKera -
PANTS finishers, also apprentices; paid while
learning; steady work. 14 McAllister st. r. 18.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; good In
arithmetic; state age & wages. Box 750, Call.
GIRL to assist : with 'second work and care of
2 children. 7 and 11. ' 2293 Franklin stf
WANTED— A good buttonhole maker on cus-
tom coats. 927 Market St., rooih 623.
HELP WAXTED— rEMALB— C«n.
OPERATORS on overalls at Levi Strauss A
Co..' a factory, 32% Fremont st: good wages;
no experience necessary- Apply to mk.
DAVIS.
GIRL for cooking - and - general housework;
must be a good cook: 2 In family. Apply in
morning at 1705 Gough st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts: also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. " Standard Shirt' Factory, corner Gougb
and Grove sts. • .
A MIDDLE-AGED American or German wo-
man can have a good, quiet home In small
family in' consideration of her services; rer-
erences. Box 387, Call office.
WANTED— A competent girl for general house-
work who is a good cook; wages $2o; 4 In
family. Call between 9 and 10 a. m. or 7 and
8 p. m. at 1S96 Broadway. .
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST.. 5th floor.
WANTED — Woman who is bright and dresses
neatly to travel in business capacity. Box
808. Call office. '
OPERATORS and riveters on overalls; also
Relss buttonhole operators. 9 Hill St.. off
Valencia, bet Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
HAND sewers at LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
overall factory. 32% Fremont st. Apply to
Mr. Davis. . •
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught in 2 weeka for $3; employ-
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde st. \u2666
3 GOOD pressera. Apply New Parisian Dyelns
Works, 2216 Folson st.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 2824
Clay st. m
GIRL wanted for general housework; wages
$10. 1126 Broadway. '
LADIES wishing to marry call or write to
MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st. ; no charges.
WANTED— An experienced ostrich feather
curler. Call at 808 Howard st. \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and cloak hands
and assistants. Apply 1200, Geary st.
OPERATOR on serging machine. BELASCO-
H ARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1711 Folsom st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
..WE SHIP DAILY FREE
UKIAH RAILROAD MEN
UKIAH RAILROAD MEN
CALIFORNIA & NORTHWESTERN R. R.
60 teamsters, Ukiah FREE FARE
50 laborers. Ukiah FREE FARE
50 men for steel, rock and extra gangs,
Ukiah. .\ FREE FAKE
FREE FARE WE SHIP TO-DAY
50 laborers, no experience required, on all
divisions, Santa Fe Co.'s own work, free fare.
MECHANICAL HELP
Bench hand, planing mill, country... .$3 day
Blacksmith, country shop $2 50 day
Blacksmith and horseshoer, camp 12 50 day
Carpenter for a mine, $75; see boes here.
Brick masons' helper, mine, $73; eee boss here.
Rough carpenter, ranch, steady job.,$30-founu
Cooper for a large company, steady Job,$3 day
Illacksmlth's helper. $35 and found; harness
maker, camp, $35 and found; 2 rough carpen-
ters. $2 day. 'Well-borer, etc
MISCELLANEOUS .....
Man to repair stoves and work In country
store, $2 day. steady job; porter, furniture
store, $15 to $20 and found: choreman and
raise chickens, institution, $20 and found
3 single hand miners, south $61
25 drillers and quarry men $75 and $60
25 laborer?, no experience required, to work in
brush. $37 50 and found
Choreman and wife, country J45 and found
15 farmers and orchard hands $26 and J30
5 ranch teamsters, steady Jobs $26 and $30
10 2 and 4 horse teamsters, country.$30 & $32 50
Dairyman, 93c fare $3u
Dairyman, south $40
7 milkers; 3 choremen and boys, 130, J25 and
$20; milk wagon driver, city, $25; 3 stablemen,
city and country.
FACTORY WORK
5 handy men, city factory $175 day
6 laborers for another factory. $1 75 and J2 day
5 men, handy with hammer and saw $2 day
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
10 more laborers, no experience required, to
work in mills, yards and woods of a large
sawmill company, $35 to $55 and found; 10
woodchoppers for a large mining company, all
winter's work
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, 33c fare, $40 and found: night cook, $10
week; cook, small dredger, $33; 7 cooks, differ-
ent places: 3 butchers, $52 and J60: porter, in-
stitution. $20; 5 waiters, city and country
Waiter, 90c fare. $30: porter and drive bus;
kitchen help and dishwasher.".
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 City st.
MAN and wife for Institution, J40 and found;
2 milk wagon drivers, $30 and $40 and found;
milker and butter maker, private place, $30
and found; 4 milkers, $30 and $35; 3 men
about place; choremen. $25 and $30 and found;
planerman-, $2 to $2 50 day; cut-off, sawyer,
?2 day; laundry man, $35 and found; 10 men
to handle grain, $3 day and board; 3 men
and wives for ranches and private places,
$40 and $50; pantryman and wife, $50 and
found; carpenter for mine; hodcarrlers;
miners; laborers for mines, quarries and other
work: boys for stores and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
RESTAURANT cook, country, $40; boarding-
house cook, country, $40 and found; restau-
rant second cook, $60; fry cook, $50; broiler,
$10 week; coffee house cook, $8 week; 2 hotel
waiters, country, $30; hotel waiters, city. $25
and $30; restaurant waiters, porters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
50 railroad teamsters for Ukiah $2 to $2 25
50 laborers for Ukiah $2 per day
10 quarrymen. country $2 per day
Sailors for Honolulu, Puget Sound and Old
Mexico. $40 per month and found; 3 carpen-
ters, country, $3 to $3 50 per day, 3 months'
job
Cook $55 per month
A— W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
FARE ADVANCED
10 laborers for sawmill and yard, $2 a day:
. 8 laborers for sugar refinery, $3 a day and
fare: American farmer, $25; choreman for
ranch, $30; farmer and wife for orchard, $40;
porter, country hotel, $20; American milker
and do chores, $25; pantryman for .lunch
house, $30 and board; 2 single hand miners,
$2 50 a day; 2 boys for nailing boxes, $S a
week; driver for milk wagon, $30: old man to
cook on ranch, $12; 2 laborers for mine, $2 day.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st— Second cook,
$63; night cook, $60; waiter, country hotel, $30;
. waiter, hotel, European plan, country, $30:
2 waiters, city. $30; t>utler. $45: butler, small
family, $25; Indoor servant. $25; pastry cook,
$45; dishwashers, $20 and $30; vegetableman,
$25 and room; night watchman, $9 a week, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Chef, $100; elevator boy, $20; bell boys, $15;
steward. $60; waiters, city and country, $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Fr»" employment. 927 Market »t. room 297.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1171.
WANTED— Man for private place, care for
horses, garden and chores; no driving or Sun-
day work; work is light: good home and
steady place for right man; must be tem-
perate and reference; wages moderate. Ad-
dress S., Call office, Santa Barbara.
FIRST-CLASS experienced night waiter for
coffee and chop house; reference. Box 768
Call office.
WANTED— First-class jeweler for diamond
work. TUCKEY & KLINE.' 220 Sutter st
PRESS boy .wanted. Printing office. 306 Cali-
fornia st. •
WANTED— A neat, experienced young man for
soda fountain. GRUENHAGEN BROS.
CYLINDER and Job press feeders wanted at
522 Market st -
BOY wanted about 17 years old. Call at
DECKELMAN BROS.'. 106 Ellis st.
AN assistant furniture finisher. 338 Post st
WANTED— First-class cabinet makers. 6
Ninth st
ERRAND boy wanted; steady employment
ZOBEL & BANNER. 571 Market gt "
HONEST, sober man with $73 in established
business; can make $15-$1S per week; no risk
. Call at once. 78 Third st., room 2.
YOUNG man or boy to learn barber trade. 799
Geary St.. corner Hyde. |
UPHOLSTERER wanted at HARVEY'S An-
tique Store. 1709 Polk st.
GOOD strong German boy wanted for the gro-
cery business. 1600 Hayes »t.
BOY wanted: call at once. HENRY HILP
106 Battery St.
RELIABLE errand boy wanted; merchant tail-
or. Room 50. 126 Kearny st.
OPERATORS on custom coats. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
FIRST coat makers wanted: good pay; steady
work. BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541 Market.
boy for printing office;
I steady; good wages. 109 California at.
' WANTED— Second cooks, fry cooks, waiters,
i porters and dishwashers; no fee. 127 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE^ and ChinesTTieip oT^alf^kindV:
cooks, waiters and house . servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135..
CHINESE and Japanese' Employment Office —
Best help. 411%, O'Farrell st.;.tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and laundress de-
sires situation: best of reference. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. -,
COMPETENT woman with a child desires
situation; good cook- and houseworker; ref-
erence. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH girl speaking no English desires sit-
uation as second girL MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. -
SWEDISH girl with 9 years' references desires
a situation as second girl or chambermaid and
seamstress. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter St. '
GERMAN girl wishes position as parlor maid
and waitress or second work. Box 765, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes more work
by the day or home. 554V6 Stevenson st.
A YOUNG v girl wishes situation to do cooking
and some housework. Call at 25% Lafayette
st., bet. Eleventh and Twelfth, Mission and
Howard.
NEAT lady wishes position as chambermaid or
take charge . of small^ rooming-house; refer-
ences if necessary. Address 203 Bartlett St.,
in rear. • • • . *•\u25a0
SITUATION wanted by girl to do general
housework. 322 Fremont st. •
WANTED— Position by reflned experienced In-
fants' nurse; city references. Apply 1251
Hayes st.
BY- reflned nurse, position, to take care of a
baby .or older children; best of references; $20.
1238 Mission st.
COLORED woman, first-class cook, wants sltu-
atlon; city references. Call 253 Jessie at
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation as
laundress with private family; best of refer-
ences. T. F., 1115 Treat ave.
RELIABLE; woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; good plain cook. 1248 Howard
SITUATION wanted by elderly lady as house-
keeper; good cook; wages $30. Address MISS
J. PETERSEN, 1022^ Geary st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman to go out working
by the day. washing, ironing or houseclean-
ing; $1 a day and car fare. MRS. SIEBOLD,
870 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED Eastern young lady desires
position aa saleslady. 707 Brush st, Oakland.
GIRL wishes a situation to do general house-
work; wages $25; can give good city refer-
ences. Apply at 1142 Howard st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, an excellent house-
keeper, understanding well the care of chil-
dren, wishes a position as housekeeper In
private family or institution; no objection to
countiy. Box 624, Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady, experienced In trav-
eling, would like situation as companion to
' Invalid, oi- would take charge of: children,
parties going East preferred; references. Box
520, Call. ' t .
WISH place as cook in boarding-house . or in-
stitution in the city. Address CHEE & LING,
20 Prospect place. « \ .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch 'office. 2200 Flllmore st
EMPLOYMENT WASTE D MALE.
CHEFS— Two first-class restaurant cooks, best
of references, wish \u25a0 situations. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento at.
AN active, sober, elderly man • will work for
moderate low wages; handy at most any-
thing; city or country. Address box 742, Call.
ELDERLY man wishes situation as handy mar.
about place in city or country; small wages;
good gardener and handy with horses. Box
743, Call office.
VERY respectable man, 30, wishes position on
gentleman's place as caretaker. C. LECKY,
box 110, Call office.
EXPERIENCED clerk, clothing, general fur-
nishings, wishes position; speaks Italian,
Spanish; best references. Address A. J.
ISIOLA, 420 Montgomery ave., room 14.
ENGINEER and electrician; Is also a practical
machinist, desires a position. Box 392, Call.
MAN familiar with city will drive and care for
1 or 2 horses. Box 766. Call office.
SITUATION wanted — First-class coachman;
thorough horseman; Al gardener; good all-
round man; best of references. Address J.
C, 359 Jessie st.
WANTED— Position by veteran soldier: one
having small pension; trustworthy; willing to
do some light work. Box 752, Call.
RELIABLE all-round man wishes position as
foreman on ranch; references; 17 years' ex-
perience. Address box 747, Call. \u25a0
A THOROUGHEY capable and experienced
poultry man wants position to manage mod-
ern poultry plant; he ts familiar with all In-
cubator and brooding systems; he is an ex-
pert in raising either chicks, ducks, geese or
other fowl; several years' apprenticeship on
the largest plants has made him competent
to conduct any "plant; references given. Ad-
dress A.' LARSON, 515 Pine st , \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0
ELDERLY gentleman. Englishman, well edu-
cated, speaks and writes French and German
fluently, bookkeeper, e^tc, seeks employment,
clerical or otherwise; willing to work about
place or act as companion to Invalid; city or
country. Box G27, Call.
GENTLEMAN with European university edu-
cation, speaking and writing 5 languages, ac-
quainted throughout manufacturing and In-
dustrial European centers, would act as
buyer or representative for first-class house.
Address box 850, Call office.
WORK as bookkeeper, cashier, expert account-
ant, huslness manager, ordinary clerk or js-
elstant or second assistant, or anything tu
make a living; large I experience; electric
quickness; linguist. N. R. G.,.box 754, Call.
YOUNG man desires position bringing him In
close touch with men of means and influence;
position involving personal efforts and re-
sponsibility, preferred. Address box 2323. Call
office, Oakland.
AN expert accountant wishes to devote several
days a month to concerns not employing reg-
ular bookkeeDer; terms reasonable; refer-
ences. Box S22, Call office.
A MAN with years of experience as hotel clerk
and steamship purser wants position with
hotel or steamship company; city or country;
unquestioned references. Box 827, Call office.
HOTEL man, competent, long experience, with
extraordinary large acquaintance, desires
' management of country hotel or summer re-
sort. Box 626, Call. '
YOUNG man, 24, Just from the East, respect-
able, willing and of good habits, wishes
employment of any kind; city or' country.
Box 821, Call.
POSITION wanted by first-class planer,
matcher, rip saw and endless belt man: good
engineer, stickerman and handy around ma-
chlnery. C. McG.. 713 Mission St.
PHOTOGRAPHER, young man, . wishes posi-
tion in photo studio; have experience. Box
818, Call office. \u25a0
INDUSTRIOUS young man, experienced In
butcher business, wishes a position in the
, city. Box 816, Call. i _ _^
WANTED— To contract for the construction of
tunnels by an expert. B. LONG, 1433 Mission.
CAREFUL and good experienced neat Japanese
wants position for family work out of city.
Address box 733, Call office. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing 'stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. B07-S-9 Parrott bide.
FLATS TO LET.
FLATS, Cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK & CO
667 Market. - . - \u25a0 -.
954 Eddy; u. f. 9 r...$65 346 Waller; m. f. 5 r.$20
1432 Taylor; m. f . 7 r 45 3978 18th; 1. f. 5 r.. 14
2414 Van Ness; m.f.8r 42 519 Stevenson; h. 4 r 15
1405 Pacific; u. f. 7 r. 27 1424 Howard ;m. f . 3 r 8
VERY desirable upper French flat, 10 large
rooms; bay windows in every room; beautiful
view; elegant grounds; keeping.no expense to
tenant. Northwest corner Portola st. and Du-
bose Park, oft Waller, bet. Pierce and Stelner.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; basement and
large garden; modern improvements. 128 Dla-
mond st, bet Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
BEAUTIFUL new sunny 7 rooms; modern, up-
to-date. See 1 to 5 daily; Van Ness an-I
Union. \u25a0 \u25a0 . . . \u25a0
. COLE, 773-775, bet Beulah and Frederick Bts.—
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms • and bath;
; rent reasonable.
HAYES st, 1745, near Park Panhandle— Upper
sunny fiat, 4 rooms, bath ;• $13 ; < water; free. .
GROVE, - 1615, near Lyon— Sunny upper I flat, 6
rooms, bath, yard, cellar; Golden Gate Park. -
ni'SIXESS CHANCES— Continued.
AT ONCE.
Old-established paying shoestore on principal
street; compelled to seli at once; no bonus
for good will asked. Address box 830. Call.
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa" Cruz;
price $1200.
$1000— FOR *sale, delicatessen store; good loca-
tion; receipts $40 to $60 per day; rent $15;. I
guarantee this bargain. FRANK E. DEN-
NEN. room 32. 14 McAllister st. \u25a0
FOR Sale, cheap— 320 acres of excellent coal
land in Pierce County, Washington. For
further Information address box 783, Call.
DELICACY store cheap; business averages $10
per day; good reason for sale; tjiorough ln-
vestlgatlon invited. Box 622. Call office.
SALOON for sale— On account of sickness of
owner; erood trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO.. San Rafael, Cal.
BAKERS— To let. large store, with oven; good
location; well adapted for bakery and coffee
saloon. 321 Ellis st.
BARGAIN— Branch bakery and variety, store;
must be sold this week. 1302 Devisadero.
UNDERTAKING— Will buy an interest or form
company. Box 8 to. Call office.
$300 AND . $350— Fine opportunity to Invest in
established blacksimth business; price in each
case covers Etock, tools and good-will. Ad-
dress box 2S3. Call office. «
FOR SALE — Large saloon in "Western Addl-
tlon. Apply Bavaria Brewery. •
FOR sale— An old established rruit store; owner
retiring from business. 418 Third st
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE3.
ALL BARGAINS. CALL FOR LIST.
18 rooms; Geary St.; $250 cash; only $375
34 rooms (the best); clears $300 3000
50 rooms; partly lurnished; only 900.
20 rooms; new; elegant; clears $150 1500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
19 rooms on one floor 800
5 rooms; fine yard 350
S3 rooms; worth $2S00 1600
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room fiat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st '. 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
15 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market 6t. ; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like home 1400
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms: *600 cash, balance payments 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
$450— DOWNTOWN ; 14 rooms; cheap rent;
near Market and Fifth sts.; clears $75: other
business cause of selling. Apply DECKER,
1020 Market st.
ATTENTION, BUYERS'.
COME TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMINGrHOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room workingman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine Income 2600
! 14 rooms; transient; claars $125 600
I to rooms; fine furniture; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $300 cash, balance payments 1000
00 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 150C
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
70 rooms: modern; clears $230 4000
12 rooms; Turk St.; all rented 325
CALL, WE CAN SUIT YOU.
10 rooms; Eddy; furnished fine SOO
11 rooms'; desirable location 4bO
7 rooms; O'Farrell st 400
16 rooms; Howard st.; housekeeping SOO
12 rooms; Bush st 500
24 rooms: Geary St.; payments 1900
15 rooms; Sutter st; central 500
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rooms 1. 2.
Office near Call Building.
1 have 4 salesmen; money to loan; long list.
40 rms.; near theaters and street cars; rent
$4 a room; roomers pay $10 to $15 per room;
house clears about $115 each month; terms %
I cash, balance monthly installments $2600
1 20 rms. ; new oak furniture ; new heavy Brussels
| carpets; rent $50; full of men; Income always
! more than $125; all light rooms; owner must
! sell at once because of death in family.. $600
'\u25a0 10 rms.; on Golden Gate ave.; fine sunny house;
I large rooms; furniture good; each month
j clears $40 $»50
| 61 rms.; clears about $200 a month; I will
exchange for farm or sell for Vz cash $4000
! 14 rms.; central corner; newly furnished; clean;
i clears $33 per month; offices; all men $1050
! 8 rms.; rent $20; clears $45 per month $300
Several hotels and boarding-houses; all 6lzes.
t Above are samples; please call for free list.
! 11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40.. 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 37o
10 looms; good fur., carpets; Bush St.... 800
I 45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central.... 3700
: 100 r.; fine location: good money maker.. 6000
; 12 rooms: newly renovated; fine; sunny.. 1200
1 17 rooms; rent $70; a money maker 1250
22 rooms; corner; good transient; clean.. 1500
19 rooms; something good; see It 2500
S5 rooms; elegant: one of the best 8000
$5000— 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650 — 14 rooms: O'Farrell: rent $45: bargain.
We furnish all the money you need.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st.. and S Stockton et..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
j See our list of bargains.
45 r.; oak and mahogany fur.; clears $10043000
S3 r.; rent $123; oak fur.; good carpets.... 2350
30 r. ; rent $125: Al trans.; Sne fur 2200
24 r. : rent J110; everything good and clean 1300
I 21 r. ; rent $45: walnut for.; housekeeping. 1000
I 17 r. ; rent $100; good fur. and carpets — 1530
! 10 r.; rent $47 50; oak fur.; carpets good.. 550
I 7 r.; rent $33; golden oak fur 250
| 5 r.; rent $13: modern flat; good fur 250
Over ."00 houses listed. Call before buying.
i WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market et.
. 13 rooms; sunny corner; cheap rent $1000
> 16 rooms; rent $30; part cash 1090
1 17 rooms; rent $50; reduced to 800
IS rooms; rent $37; clean house SOO
20 rooms; central; fine furniture 1200
25 rooms; rent $50; a enap 300
! ATTENTION!— Buyers will find it to their ad-
j vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
6 CO., S35 Market St., phone Folsom 1592.
?A t $1400 22 r $800 16 r......$S00
2f» r 1130 20 r 800 14 r 430
! 18 r 1000 IS r 600 12 r 400
15 r 700 8 r 350 10 r 400
8 r 550 6 r 225 7 r 225
j McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market st, opp. Filth.
20-room house. $350; 6-room house, $123; 10-
room house, $150; 10 room house on Eddy St.. I
$650; 51-room house. $650; 20-room house, $1500;
| 21-room house, $1250; half cash, balance to
j suit the buyer.
J R. G. WILKE. 26'£ Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
! 20 rooms on Post Ft $1200
( 47 rooms on Geary st 4300
24 rooms on Leaverworth Et .' 2000
About 300 more houses enlisted with us.
THE largest, and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels" can he found at ofllce of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911,
917 Market st., near Fifth.
\u25a0 A— WANTED at once, tenants for new 60 to
I 100 room houses. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.,
j C67 Market nt.
; WANTED— For cash, good 15 to 15 room house:
i mitral: well furnished. Address box C6S. Call.
I '
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
•Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to epirit friends face to face, recognize them;
pive names; received medals from many
four*riep; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush fit; tel. 2275 Larkin.
| A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
I and life reader; mining a specialty: cir. Sun..
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market St.
MUSTAFA— Egyptian" materializing seance,
Sun.. Wed., Fri., S p. m., 23c; sittings daily.
1610 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sitting*, $1;
j letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st ; Ellis car.
MME. GYEISN, well-known trance . medium;
sittings dally from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9 p. m. ex-
cept Sunday. 993 Market Ft., parlors 14-15.
FREE; proof. ladies, before beginning, develop
your mediuraistlc gifts; guarant. full names;
90 nays. 724 .Post St.; Franklin on door.
HYPNOTISM and mediumship demonstrated
. by Prof. Will!, Mines-. Shriner and Griffin;
Occidental Hall. 305 Larkin: to-night; 16c.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday ladles, 2:30
p. m.. 10c; readings dally, 50c. •
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day. Wednesday. Thursday and Friday, 8:13
p.m.;25c. 299 Hyde.cor.Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: best tests,
10c: business readings. 50c. $1. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual test meeting
this evening, 10c. 305 Larkin; hours 1 to 6.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
CARLE, Independent slate writer; 328 Ellis- tel.
Polk 1601; seance Tues.. Thurs,, Sun., S p'. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs C. J
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth, st— Readings, 50c, $1;
cir. Sun.. Tues.. Thurs. and Fri. nights, 10c.
CLAlH.VOYA.VrS. ~
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tranc*
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
PROF. JOHN . J. HULTHEN. clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader: reveals past, present
and future; 50c. 1007% Market st., near Sixth.
HELP WANTED-— MALE — Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary «t.
Railroad Work.. Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
FOR UKIAH
FOR UKIAH
100. teamsters • $2 a day
100 laborers $3 a day
FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA
SO teamsters - $2 a day
SO laborers $3 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers $173 to $2
Free Fare Ship Daily Free Faro
50 laborers for sawmill and woods, $2 a day,
fare advanced; 100 laborers and drillers for
big ditch. $2 25 to $2 50 a day; 2 blacksmith*.
$3 a day; farmers, milkers, choremen and
others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Eastern head waiter $90
Eastern waiter $.10
Head laundry man. country hotel $75
20 dishwashers and kitchen hands.. $30 and $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO 1C4 Geary st.
ELDEHLY man as night clerk in lodging-
house: call between 9 and 10 a. m. 9S3 How-
ard st.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
WANTED— Boy about 16 years in confection-
ery. 1503 Geary st.
ERRAND boy for tailor shop; $2 50 week. 853
bet. 4th and 5th. over handball court
ELEVATOR boy wanted— at 160* California
st.
A STEADY man with $200 cash can make $73
month. Apply 209 Kearny st.. room 1.
WANTED— Good dishwasher. Capital Restau-
rant. 206 McAllister st.
2 PAINTERS, non-union; no office fees. Me-
chanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny at.,
room 24.
WANTED— An experienced man to drivo milk
wagon. 1408 Devisadero st
SOLICITOR for first-class tailoring establish-
ment. Box 767. Call office.
YOUNG man to assist ladles' tailoring who
understands sewing and pressing. 524 Post.
WANTED— A third-hand bread baker; good
wages. 911% Larkin st.
A FINE coatmaker wanted. Apply 244
Stockton st.
BOY dishwasher wanted. 12 East st
WANTED— Plumber early this morning or a
helper. 3271 Mission st.
TAILORS wanted: steady work; good wages.
F. KRAMER. 220 Powell st.
YOUNG man to feed Gordon preas. Apply 121
Guerrero St., near Fourteenth.
WANTED — Toune man to work in grocery
store; exDerienced preferred. 435 Third st.
BOY wanted in butcher shop. Apply WILSON
MARKET. 3077 Sixteenth «t
GOOD steady boy wanted in meat market.
Apply WARREN, 2318 Flllmore st
FIRST-CLASS city real estate salesman. Ad-
dress box 737. Call.
GOOD tan-shoe maker wanted at 3004 Mission
street.
2 FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors; best pay;
steady work. DANZIGER. 237 Powell at.
FOR retail store, stock clerk, also assistant
for packer; also errand boy who can drive
light wagon; state age, wages desired and tor
which position you apply. Box 749, Call.
STRONG young man with references who un-
derstands packing goods for shipment; also
to assist in store. Address Packing, box 745.
WANTED— Elevator boy at RAPHAELS
(Inc.).
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor. LESTER. 8 and
10 Kearny st.
AN experienced florist; also a good errand
boy. 1441 Polk st -
BARBER shop for sale. 920 Battery st. ; cheap.
BARBER shop for sale; bargain. 215 Sixth st
$125— PAYING 2-chair tarber shop; cheap rent.
with living rooms. Box 762. Call.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Carpenters,
Experienced Piledriver Hands.
Experienced Raftsmen.
For work in this city at China Basin. Potrero
, and for various Jobs along the 'water front.
Also for work at Mare Island, and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular wages.
We are starting new jobs daily, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN.,
4 California at. room 15.
WANTED— Able-bodied men asl* to handl«
grain, etc; none others need apply; wages 50o
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS. 514 Bat-
tery at.
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, eoal-
. passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working (or
'the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted — Sailors, stevedores, firemen.
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association. 209 Examiner
building. ' Good board on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided.
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wage*. 2SS
Front st.
AT RISDON IRON WORKS, San Francisco—
Machinists, bollermakers. patternmakers,
machine blacksmiths and shlpsmlths; also
young men over 17 years to serve appren-
ticeships at these trades; excellent induce-
ments; ample protection. Apply office. Beala
and Howard sts.
ACTIVE man to drive delivery wagon, solicit
new trade and collect for large firm; wages
from $40 to $80 per month; must furnish cash
bond. Box 3S4, Call office.
WANTED— A young man between 18 and 21
years of age for a stock clerk in wholesale
millinery house: one with experience pre-
ferred. HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market st
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co-
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st. room 23, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corp». U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over < feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaran-
teed; catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. -
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 largo
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Retail druggist: cenpetent and
experienced: permanent position; good sal-
ary. Box 758. Call office.
"WANTED— Good Jewelry repairer and engraver
to go to Tacoma. Apply California Optical
Co.. 317 Kearny st.
BOYS 17 years to learn glove finishing; also
experienced. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Mar-
ket st
DENTIST wanted; experienced graduate or li-
centiate; Christian. Room 11, 1065 Washing-
ton st. Oakland.,
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. S63 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
BARBERS— A 2-chair shop newly furnished for
sale; a bargain. 316 Third st
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. / HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st '
RANCH foreman; single man. Address box
734. Call ofnee.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 24 rtsw
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued. -_
MME. M. BERNARD. ...
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. '
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT, ~~~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 123 Turk st. ; readings by mail.'
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with. life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy,' clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
reads your life correctly;. tells past, present,
future;full names given ;slttings 50c.326A Ellis.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm. ;
she has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names given; L. 50c. G. $1. 1079 Mkt., cor. 7th.
FREE, ladies, morning, September; free test
readings, future events and questions; abso-
lutely free. *724 Post; open 10 to 6. Franklin.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken, 25c up. 777%Market St., room IS.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORY, spiritual card reader; send
stamp for cir.; L., 25c; G., 50c. 917 Howard.
MAE HANSEN. card reader and palmist, tells
past, present, future, 25c. 148 6th st, room 14.
MRS. BROWN, - clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c, gents 60c. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
card reader; ladles 25c. gents 50c. 28 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana:
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. Fourth.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken;tel. Howard 1848.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmistry;
truth or no. pay; 25c. ,1149 Mission, over storr.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. AiS\j Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. -RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Worki, 353-357 Tehama at. ; tel. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 15im Market st. ; phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovated;relaid. 105 14th St.: tel. CapD 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 t'utter st:
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. MisHion 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior* Carpet-beating Works,
333 Go.den Gate ave; telephone East 128.
CITY Steam Carpet-be;.ting Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
PROF.Stras?«burger fromN.Y., specialist on feet,
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 3 rooms, yard, $8. Jersey and
Sanchez sts.
DENTISTS.
A-DR. T. S.' HIGGINS,^ 92T^la7ket~Btreet
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket Et.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. JO O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the "Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
SOc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
TOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Folk St.
DR. R. L. WALSH 815%Geary,nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H.. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building: formerly. In Murphy, bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
DOG HOSPITALS. !:
j DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
j DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates: patterns cut. 1013 Market st
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIO.N'AL. .
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men at the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition $50 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; in-
structor Geo. H. Boke of Jurisprudence dept.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER- '
MARSH COLLEGE, Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
\u25a0 — - — .
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan, building.
CORRESPONDENCE Schools' students assisted
evenings; lessons In mathematics, mechanics
and drawings: send for circulars. 3040 Six-
teenth st. J. F. KLENCK.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens October 7. Full information write D.
MACLEAN, M. D!. dean. Donohoe bldg., S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett. School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bpokkeeplng. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
WANTED — Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinist, etc., for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory, 301 Jones st. : \u25a0
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th —
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
PIANO lessons at pupils' homes, 60c and $1;
highest references. Address box 623, Call.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for ..the. stage. . 125. Mason st -
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand. Opera-house School of Acting.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, EOc; piano, for practice. 39 Fifth st
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class.. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nigljt class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863; new SO- page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address '. In the
United States or Canada one year for $LTHE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, TUESDAY, OeTOBER .1, 1901.
GRAND HOTEL. " i
J C Stuart. San Jose James Harley, Iowa
J D Keys, Woodland J H Seek. Chicago
W H Wright. Llvrmore M J Dumas, Ohio
C W Howard. Cloverdle W P Kenney. Pa
J Bodefelc?.' San Jose M Bloodgocd & w, Pa
F li Donahue, S Jose Dr W E Buell Jr & w,
C J Georee, S Jose s CaF^
H G Anderson. S Jose J S Given. PhUa
J A Grace, Mo T Ricken. Pittsburs
Mrs M E Faskett & W W Northing. Stkta
dau, Kans Mrs D Bryant. Cal
S Barghorn. Idaho J r> Youngr. Wash, D C
Mrs A Noe, Omaha Mrs Turner. Portland
Miss J Campbell. Neb G H Hooser & w. N T
G. Nightingale. Nome A N Jenkins. S Lake
W J Nelson, Mojave R M Franklin, Chicago
W A "Wright & w. o May. Chicago
Spokane S Casady & w. Iowa
G O Taylor & vr. Chic R Cook. Iowa
C S Taylor & w. Chic W C Harbach. Iowa
J F Frame. Nome C M Adou & w. K City
R R Baldwin. Chicago j e Taylor & w. Ohio
L Jabson. Chicago C D Fucher. Wls
H M Meyerhoff, NT CM Fucher. Wls
H Coon. Nome J V Miller & w. Ind
A G Nason. San Diego Mrs Touney. Chicago
J S Bryan, St Paul Mrs Dore. Chicago
R E "Woodson, St Loais M A Phillips. Stanford
J D Landale. Dawson M H Coduane. Stanfd
G D Chlsholm. Chicago M M Fay. Stanford
H Bernstein. Chicago W F Cronenvllle. Sac
Mrs R M Burg, Los A J D Bishop & w, Oakid
W R Macmurdo, Ba- H E Brooks & w. Ohio
kersfield "Miss F C Brcoks. Ohio
T T Ramsdell. Buffalo D W Hood. N Y
j Dr T A Keables, Vet- J* C Cooley. Denver
j erans' Home W F Baines & w. C«l
E C Irins. S L Oblspo DrLE Cross. Stockton
Dr H H Herren. Los A W McCall. Denver
F M Pottenser & w. a F Eaton. San Jose
Los Anseles g S McKensie, HIlo
A R Moran, Omaha w Johnson. Courtland
R Wreen, Omaha airs E S Johnson,
D Roone Jr. N Y Courtland
J T Boone Jr. N Y Miss M R Johnson.
M Biggs Jr. Oroville Courtland
Mrs J T, RatrifT, Ohio M A Bondson & -w. Cal
Alice- F Ratliff, Ohio Mrs J S Schnabel. Cal
G Graff. NY C A Poulson & w, Cal
C Mo'.tzen & w. Cal E S Bowley, Loa Ang
E Carroll & w.St Louis Miss M H Hansen. Cal
H W Hushes. Oakdale A C Hansen. Cal
L Lehman. Mont W Smith. Ill
Mrs E R Premtt, Ky G Bordley, 111
Miss Premtt, Ky c E Calen. N Y
Mrs M Reid. Ky JR Rodgers. N Y
Mrs L Park. Mo WE Grlswell & w^ NT
N B Hultber*. Cal C Cochran. Colo
A H Schnabel, Cal L T Cole. N T
G A Liebes, Spokane . Mrs N S Ross. Wls
R D Meyer. Stanford J H Blrce», Phlla
Dr W M Hlllesras, Pa F W H Frankland. NT
D A Collins. Pa AN Libby. Chicago
F W J Wiegman, Pa L Sheny & w. N T
C A Dean. Chicago C Gresswell. Denver
H HauDt Jr. Mich M R Jameson, Glasgow
H F Stevens, St Paul N W Dlxon. N Y
G F fidams & ,w, Iowa
PALACE HOTEL.
J Fennell, Tehama Mrs' E M Doll, S Jose
A C Magnus, Chicago G Hardenberg. Gerrnny
F R Voegtty. Pittsburg F F Scutter. Germany
C S Robinson, Pittsbp Baron Borch. Germany
J F Lawless. Seattle J S Tobin & w. Cal
D J-Bonsfleid. Neb )ft L. Fulton. Reno
J G Hoflich. Cinn W P Kenney. Phlla
J R Collins. Texas Mrs M M Bloodgood.Fa
G Pearson Jr, Mexico H L. Morris. N Y
G D Chlsholm. Chicago Mrs M M Kingman. Ill
H Blrkenstein. Chicago Mrs F J Demel. Chicajr
E D Bassett & w, R I P W Motse. Wateonvil
G W Gray. NY Mr & Mrs Payne. Ens
P F Kelley & w.Wash Miss Payne. England
Col J Bogart & w, N Y C B Dewees. Los Ang
Miss McDonough, N Y V R Culbertson. Wash
JS J Hubbard. NY Mr & Mrs Lewis. Eng
A A Sawyer. NY X A Oppenheimer. NT
F T Itamsdett. Buffalo Dr C C Charnas, Aus
K G Jones & w. Or V D Ely, St Louis
Miss S Carter. NY E W Donald. Boston
W H Brevoot. NY G S Flake. Boston
W Embery & w. Phila Dr L F Wood, Cal
G G Allen & w. Ohio G D Thayer, Boston
JV H Taylor Jr & w, E S Rowley, Los Anj
Washington
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Johnson. New York|C Van Eersel & w. la
E W McKanna, SttletW T Brissel. Sacto
J W Wilson. Los Ang F H Moore, Colorado
Mrs C Prince, S D T Shearen. Colorado
F E Knapp and wife, T V Nicholson and
Chattanooga. Tenn wife. StaUgart. Art
Mrs A J Good, N Y Mrs C Vance. Ark
y J Megger and wife. Mrs W R Leggctt. Ark
Rocklln Mrs E White. Illinois
F L Abbott. Rio Vista R G McMillen and
P C Armstrong, N Y wife. Lincoln. Nebr
I T Lapley, NY E Hales and wife. Ill
John George. Petru E Ehman. West Super
C Johnson. Denver John L Campbell and
M Schmltd. Denver wife. Cincinnati
G A Delter. Santa Cr Mrs Maud Dnncon. O
J Mulroy Ingleside Mrs E Campbell. Ohio
D C Clark, StElmo.Col S Olmsted 3c. w, Chgo
L H Collins and wife, Mrs F E Balrd. Chi
Fresno j Mrs A Albertson, Chgo
j J D Brown & w. Chgo T Quinn. Boston
I L Thomasson & w.Chsl -
HOTEL ABEIVALS.
13
DIVIDEND \u25a0 XOTICES. .,
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, No. 34, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
California st., San Francisco, on October 10;
1901. Transfer books close October 3, 1901, at
neon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
PROPOSALS— State prison supplies and power
—Sealed proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the clerk at the State prison, San
Quentin. until 10:30 a. m.. Saturday, the
fifth day of October, 1901, at which time and
place they will be opened in ! the presence
of bidders, for furnishing fuel . coal, fuel oil,
end* electric power, or other power to run
. the jute mill at San Quentin, from the 1st
day of January. 1902, to the 30th day of
sJune. 1902. inclusive. Each bidder must ac-
company his tiid with a certified check in the
sum of one thousand dollars upon some well-
known and responsible banking-house, pay-
able to_R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the
board, conditioned that the bidder will enter
into a contract upon notice of acceptance, aa
required br law. . All payments made on con-
tracts. wiU be paid In cash or Controller'a
warrants. ' Bidders will carefully follow, the
conditions of the schedules, and all bids muse
be made upon the schedules, which will be
furnlsheM . upon application to the Clerk of
the Board, at San Quentin, CaL The Board
reserves the right to reject any and all bids,
as the public Interest may require, and to
-order any quantity under or over the amount
(specified in the schedule.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. M. OLIVER. Clerk.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies— Office
Purchasing, Commissary. San Francisco, Cal..
September 17, 1901 — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco, Cal., as per circular, to be seeh at this
office, Will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Tuesday, October 1. 1901, and opened
immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general instructions to
bidders and blank form of proposals' will be
furnished to established' dealers on applica-
tion to W. H. BALDWIN. Major and C. S.,
\u25a0U. S. Army. Purchasing Commissary. -:
MABEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriase licenses were issued
yesterday:
Frank B. Davidson, 24, Uklah, and Jessie
E. Marble, 20, Uklah.'
Jcs-eph W. Felicano, 23, Monterey, and Mary
Larada, 19, / Petaluma. . - . -
Edwin. W. Evans; 28, 1060 Valencia street,
and Clara M. Arguello, 22, 1060 Valencia street.
John 13erg. 22, 717 Turk street, and Alice A.
Davis, 20, 1143 Valencia street.
George E. Terry, 41, 1827 Polk street, and
Jennie Hamilton, 30, 910 McAllister Street.
Thomas F. Tierney, 43, San Mateo, and Su-
san Thompson, 34, city. \
Joseph Leon, 21, 318 Kearny street, and Ma-
rio Audap. 20, 1977 Pine street.
Robert J. Stanovich, 31, 403 Kearny street,
and Nellie B. Maurer, 29, 405 Kearny street.
Georffe R. Bicknell, 28, 700 California street,
and Minnie K. Chesebrough, 2S, 700 California
street."
Greg* K. O'Brien, 21. Oakland, and Eva
Hart, 19, Oakland.
Pictro . Tarantino, 32, 1S2 Vandewater street,
and Rosa Balestrettl, 20, 446 Bay street.
Sam Isaacson, 21, 23O',£ Third street, and
Carrie Bryant, 33, 230'V Third I street.
Walter L. Williams, 25, city, and Laura A.
Tuttle, 25, Santa Rosa.
Kajetan Szakal. 30, 1300 Turk street, and
Maria Valli, 36, 1300 Turk street.
John D. Weis, 35, 2939 Sixteenth street, and
Nellie Kirke, 27. 2939 Sixteenth street.
Clarenre A. Wenzal, 21, S17'/2 Geary street,
and Kittie A. Connolly. 20. IS Brady street.
BIRTHS— MARRI&6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage- and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the Dublication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BAKAR-In Oakland. September 24, 1901, to
the wife of Philln Bakar, a daughter.
TIEMAN— In this city, September 25, 1901, to
the wife of Herman' Tieman. a daughter.
™~ MARRIED.
DXTNBAR— STAPPE— In this city. September
2S, 1901, by the Rev. Arthur H. Briggs, Rob-
ert O. Dunbar and Margaret J. Stappe, both
of San Francisco.'
EVANS-ARGUELLO— In this city. September
30, 1901, by the Rev. George W. Beatty, Ed-
win W. Evans and Clara Maude Arcuello,
both of San Francisco.
FONNESBECK— STODDARD— In this city.
September 29, 1901, by the Rev. William C.
Pond, John Fonnesbeck and Gertrude G.
Stoddard, both of San Francisco.
HOLM— NYMAN— In this city. September 2S.
1901, by the Rev. Dr. C.'J. E. Haterius, pas-
tor of 1-uth. Ebenezer Church, Alfred Holm
and Annie Nyman.
EHENSON— MILLER— In this city, . September
27. 1901. by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson. Rob-
ert Shenson -and Ida- Miller, both of San
Francisco. -
DIED.
Andrews, Sarah E. Kelly, Harry E.
Agulrre, Asencion Lynch, Bridget
As-" 1 - n. 'Hennv'If. jjlovd. Thomas R.
Barling, Amelia Y. McArdle, Nora
Bibby, Alicia M. Mitchell. John
Bergrer, Eliza A. Morse, Ralza A.
Caldwell. William Mansfield, Katheleen
Ooi>ley. Kiernan Moffitt, Thomas S.
Copriviza, Margaret Nessier, Theodore
Foley, John Nelson, James
Growney, Theodore Rothschild, Eugene
Gilfoy, Norah F. Schomaker, George
Huerne, I... K. P. Stelmle, Catherine
Hlrseh, Joseph , Wooc'.n.an. infant
ANDREWS— In Benicia. September 2S. 1901,
Sarah E., wife .of the late James Harvey
Andrews, 1 and beloved mother of Frank H.
and Lewis T. Andrews and Mrs. D. Roberts,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 72 years.
(CTFuneral services will be held this
(Tuesday) afternoon at the Congregational
Church, Benicia.
AGUIRRE— In- this city, September 29. 1901.
Asuncion Aeruirre, beloved jrrandmother of
Frank Larkln, a native of Mexico, aeed 51
years~2 months and 17 days.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 116 Trenton place. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
ASPGREN— In this city, September 29, 1901,
Henny H. L: Aspsren, beloved daughter of
Daniel and Hedda Aspgren, and sister of
Kdlaand Herman Aspgren, a native of Swe-
den, asred 3 years 8 months and 11 days.
BARLING— In this city, September 30. 1901.
Amelia Y. Barling, wife of Rache J, Barling,
beloved mother of Mary Barling, daughter of
Edmund and Amelia Dalss, and sister of Ed-
mund, Charles and Andrew Daiss and the late
Mrs. Kate Johnson, a native of Portland,
Or., aged 35 years 4 months and 13 days.'
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at par-
lors of N. "Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento. street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. \u25a0
BIBBY— In this city, September 30, 1901, Alida
Mary, only child of Augusta and the late
Alfred Bibby of New York. (New York and
Philadelphia papers pleass copy.)
(CTFriends are Invited to attend the funeral
at Kt. Mary's Cathedral to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 9:30 a. m. Interment private. .
BERGER— In Oakland. September 30, 1901. at
1434 Tenth a Venue. Eliza A. Berser. mother
of Lillian and Ella Berger, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 66 years and 15 days.
CALDWELL— In this city, September 27, 1901,
William Caldwell, aged 73 years.
(CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2:15 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COPLEY— In this city. September 29, 1901.
Kiernan Copley, a native of Ireland, aged 63
years. . \u25a0 \u25a0 , .
ETNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mis-
glon street. . . \u25a0 . \u25a0
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
v (Successor "to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School
, Telephone South SO.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
,'li San Mateo "County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J.' HENDERSON. Manager.
I JAMBS McGINN. I
Formerly with McGinn Bros "ha- \ I
new Funeral Parlors at, 214 Eddy ,t **£*? I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone r BcSth jm?"*- |
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, ""
27 and 29 Fifth ' st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL' DIBECT0B3 AND EMBAIMERS." '
Fln^5t_Ep,ulprnent^at Moderate Rates.~~v
Eugene McGinn. ••\u25a0 McGINN BROS
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. : . : San Francisco.
No ConnectjonJJWIth Any Other House.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden," 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers': Association; M. J.
McBrearty, -with the v same ' company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Connor
&. Co.,- have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street, between- Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44. '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
; - Steamers leave Broadway
\u25a0t^^ Wharf. San Francisco:
pSSj^w;. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
tes^-Hssa*. Oct - 3 - s - 13 - **• **• - s - Xov - 2 -
| K*nK?!«ii2KTl Change to company's steamers
'\u25a0 M&ffiSSy^sU For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
, i r^lraMU C.). Port Townsesd, Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m.,
Oct. 3. 8. 13. 18, 23. 23, Nov. 2.
Thange at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
to C P. Ry. ,_
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Oct.
4, 9, 14. 19, 24. 29, Nov. 3.
'For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. S a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme and Redon-
do— Steamer Corona, Thursdays. 11 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. Jth each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Xjlne «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland toa'1
points East Through tickets to all
points, all rail or *teams*iio and rail, at
IjO^W^ESSII* SEt-A-IVJElS.
STE AMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BSSTH and MEiXS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails Oct, 6. 15. 23, Nov. 4
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER
- Sails Sept. 30. Oct. 10. SO. 30
D.-W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..l MontgnVy, S. T.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kbbe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers \u25a0 for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. -V
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October 23. 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARJJ
- Saturday. November IS, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. December 11, 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
121 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
SZW TOSS. B0UTHAXFT05. L0SD0K. FASIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m»
St. Paul Oct. l^Haverford Oct. 25
St. Louis Oct. 16 St. Paul Oct. 30
Philadelphia Oct. 23|St- Louis Nov. S
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 nooa.
Southwark Oct. 9j»Zeeland Oct. 30
•Vaderland Oct. 16 Friesland Nov. 8
Kensington Oct. 23J Southwark Nov. 13
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R. 5 S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
Cabin. 1105; Steerage, J40: Meals Free.
5. S. Argyll sails Monday, Oct. 14
S. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday. Oct. 24
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. . F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MFA8NIS GENERALS TBANSATLAKTIQU5
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,=(.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of ,rf3jf«5n5|
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, •JftltfSasS
North River, foot of Morton street; •L'Aqut-
talnc, September 19; La Bretagne. September
26; La Champagne. October 3; 'La. Savole, Oc-
tober 10.
First class to Havre. JTO and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN.
ADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building). Hew
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franclacok
Tickets EOld by all Railroad Ticket AseatK
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. ._^V ; • '\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0?
PERSONALS--Contlniied. ; _
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr. S.G.Moore, 332 0' Farreli; send for circular.
STOP that "coueh"— Calif ornian Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
ANY case rheumatism cured under guarantee.
Call on doctor, r. 504 Parrott bldg.. or write.
Dixon's Permanent Superfluous Hair Remover at
druggists', hairdressers'. Free trial. 935 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS haft and moles destroyed with
elecflc needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured; no dieting; no weakening. THE
A' VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia st, bet. 18th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c;. all druggists. '
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLANING AND TURN ING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont St.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
102.1H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
-testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay St.; Bee testimonials at office.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opp.
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
: PROPERTY WASTED.
CHEAP improved property wanted ; for cash
buyers. A. M, SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
REAL. ESTATE CITY KOR S ALB.
CHEAP business corner; SE. Filbert and
Pierce sts.; a good corner to improve with
grocery and flats, and will pay big interest;
a Kroeer can build up a fine business; size
36x82;6; street work all done: Filbert Is bi-
tumlnized; a few steps only from Union-st.
cars: $2151): easy terms; $100 lirat payment.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
AUCTION SALE.
Fresno Loan and Savings Bank (in liquida-
tion) will sell its 4-story brick building and 75
pieces of city- and country real estate at pub-
lic auction, without reserve, at Fresno, Cal.,
Monday, October 7, 1901. . \u25a0
Lists containing details, etc.. can be ob-
tained at office of Bank Commissioners. 530
California et., or by addressing the bank at
Fresno, Cal.
J12.500-COST OVER J17.500.
No. 2721 Pacific ave.. near Scott st.
First floor— Larse reception hall, drawing-
room, dining-room finished in oak, butler's
pantry, breakfast-room and kitchen. Second
floor — 4 laree bedrooms, 2 baths, linen closet.
Attic — Large billiard-room, 3 bedrooms and
bath. Basement — Furnace-room, wineroom,
laundry, 3 storerooms. Lot 27xl27:SVi ft.
A NEW, elegant colonial house of 6 rooms,
bath, reception hall, basement, lafge yard:
this In an unequaled opportunity to secure a
beautiful home at a moderate cost by ea&y
payments; must be seen to be appreciated; on
Cole St., 2 blocks from Park; lot 25x125; no
agents. Box S23. Call office.
MUST BE SOLD.
Elegant corner residence; 7 rooms, bay-win-
dows, bath and basement and all improve-
ments at South Broderick and Fourteenth
sts.; cost JS500; will be sold for $3200. Apply
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 6S8 Market st.
SIX. seven and eight room cottages; also two
flat houses In block between 17th, 18th, Castro
and Noe sts. ; hi cash, balance monthly pay-
I ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
! SON, builder.
$50,000 TO invest in income-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO.,
702 Market st.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Diiboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller - and Steiner.
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola st.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath: 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
j REAL ESTATE COCNTRY For Sale
j SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
City, Sutter Count?, short distance from
Marysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be sold in whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from,
Yuba City, Sutter County; will be sold in
; whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
1 extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, Call office,
for Information, a bargain will be given.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Ranqho
Cotati, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR bargains In timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co., 702 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN, 719 Mrket st., S. F., office near Call big.
WANTED— A ranch in Sonoma or Napa coun-
ty for Oakland property. Apply at 1010 Broad-
way. Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO.
U. S. HOMESTEAD lands free. Ad. with stamp
or call 6 to 7 p. m. at 1363 7th st., Oakland.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
CHOICE farm bargains; cat Nor send for list.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R.' WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange for Oakland or Alameda prop-
erty, a fine large corner on Park boulevard
in S. F. Apply FELIX MARCUSE, 118 Mont-
gomery Bt.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
HUNTER'S RUPTURE ! "sANITARiuM, 1206
Market: treatment free: $100 paid for ahy truss
as good as the new double lever rupture holder.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA RE AL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELFI ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
o-ROOM cottage; good location: convenient to
schools, stores and stations; price $1250, $150
cash, balance same as rent. Home Realty
Co., successors to • OELLERICH & PER-
KINS, Lorin. Office open Sundays.
BARGAIN— $1000; l-roora cottage; hard finish;
lot 50x135: chicken houses, good well, water
all fenc«d and cross-fenced; 3 blocks to sta-
tion and stores; $150 cash, balance same as
rent. Home Realty Co.. successors to OELL-
ERICH & PERKINS. Lorln. Office open
Sundays.-
OAKLAND ADVERTlSEMENTl
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$450 CASH, $17 50 month— Sunshine cottage of 6
rooms and bath; everything up to date- sani-
tary plumbing; trees, flowers and vines in
porfuslon; fine kept grounds; away from raw
winds and fogs; grand view; the Eden part
of Oakland, adjoining East Oakland; price
all told, $2450; call or send for circulars. 455
Seventh st., opposite Broadway station, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. Jones, Land Owner.
$2500— $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand-new
home of 6 fine large sunny rooms, with porce-
lain bath and sink; elevated lot 40x150 (note
the size); near Grove st.; street work all
done; a pretty, cozy, home at'a sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
.')>-'''.' < . \u25a0 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale— Corner lot, 100x135; 6-roomcd house;
large barn; beautiful garden. Thirty- fourth
and Linden sts.. San Pablo ave. cars pass the
door. See owner on pgeml ses.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
9-ROOM furnished house near narrow gauge
depot. Apply 1258 Harrison St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas th«
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin, Oakland.
HELP WAJfTED MALE Con.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand ehoes for sale; 60c up. 241 Third st. -
PENSION atty. E. A Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A- R.
TOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 714A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. S23 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— TOO rooms, 25c night; reading- rooms; frea
'bus and baggage to and from terry. r
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2300 Fillmore.
'I HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass Et.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRIKTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms end bath. 1403 Stelner
St.. near Ellis.
HOUSE. 7 rooms, bath: suitable for 2 families;
. rent $14. 4C5 Greenwich gt.
HORSES AXU VVAGOXS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO.. has removed from
CS1 I^ission et. to £19 Folsom st., with aa as-
eortment of eals horses; also livery and
bearding; new boarders solicited; brick stable
to let for 20 horses.
DO not lail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, October 2. at 11 a. m., at the
Arcade Hcrse Market. S27 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ISO HEAD etoek horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. S5 Dore St.. S. F. ,
ONE b>ack road team, on© carriage team, one '
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
HOKFE for sale cheap .at 3?6 Utah St.. n<mr
Seventeenth.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 choe. 1 grocery wasron. S28 Harrison.
EOTCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 64 Eighth 6t.
HAND-MADE coupe chfap. Box GS. Call office.
ALL kinds ol wegons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagoii, tingle: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 632 Mission.
DI3SECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
LOST AXD ifOCXD.
LOST— Grand Patriarch's badg<? September 3<i
. on Market-street cars, between Sixth and
Sanchez ptp.: name on back, R. D. Gummoe.
Finder return to W. H. BARNES, I. O. O. F.
building and r^ceivp reward.
LOST — Tcung cocker ppaniel doff (black) on
Sunday. L^th inrt.; had a plain collar. Pleas-e
return* to 16 White .«t.. off Vallejo., bet. Hyde
and Larkin. and receive reward.
LOST — At Lorin station, Berkeley, greyhound
pup. color brindle. black nose. Finder kindly
return to 1610 Fairview et., Berkeley, and
receive reward.
LOFT — On Castro-st. car Saturday night, wal-
let containing papers of value to no one but
owner. Return to SOS Sanchez Et. and re-
ceive reward.
LTiST— Sept. 13, gold wedding rfnp with in-
scription and date. Kisder please return to
B. B. I., room 3, 204 Front st., S. F.; reward.
LOST— Bag containing 3 rings, diamond pin,
c» Hyde. nr. Jackson; liberal reward. 303
Stockton et.
LOST— Diamond ring. bet. Bush and Sutter, on
Kearny; 520 reward. J. C. STEUART, 242
Kearny st.
LOST — September 2 (Labor day), gold rimless
eyeglasses in case; reward. 3435 Steiner. Et.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
n'a Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
CHEAPEST and best, in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, rent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pestage paid.
BIATTRES SES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. ODONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
rr.ecicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases bave
been relieved by tny medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 101S Market St., opp. Fifth.
MRS. SWEET, a graduate of the Royal Uni-
\ereity of Berlin; 25 years' experience in
ladies' complaints; utmost confidence can tie
jjlaeed in her; ladies taken before and during
• onfinement; best of care; terms. 54 week;
confinements. 513. including 10 days' board; in-
fants adopted. S327 ISth.st.; llission-st. car.
THE original SIRS. DAVIES. who has been In
business here fcr 25 years, is still located at
1T2S Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. rn.
SIRS. D. W^fcTH, reliable ladies' specialist;
private home before and during confinement:
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell st.
5iRS. D. ALLEN. Hl» Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist: a priv. nome before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; lt>w fees.
HIXDOOHERB AXD MRS. DAVIES' original
method cf treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market Et-. S. F.
MRP. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladles' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe: most mod-
«rn methods; "23 years' experience in S. F.;
guarantees to cure all female troubles; mater-
nity hospital; fee low. 906 Market st.. opp. 4th.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market et. to 410 O'Farrell st.
3iisci:lla.m;ols — fur sale.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 1S5-137 Fremont ft.
HARP, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
l.er tables, barrom chairs, linoleum, new and
eeeend-hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one Coor. ready made; v.'e can ship overything
in 24 hours. J. NOON AX. 1017. 1018, 102L 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $3 to
US*; easy terms; children's toy graphophones,
Jl l<>; 2<J-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 25S-2D5 Spear st.
1 ORIENTAL 2V£ H.P. gasoline ong , 1 marine
gasoline S H.P.. 1 stationary srasoiine 10 H.P.;
good order: cheap. H. 6. WHITE, 516 Mission.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
9-17 Stevenson Et.. near First.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper suit-
able for carpenter ehop: also No. 2 Hooker
steam pump. H3 Howard st.
BIG. prices paid for sealskins, full dress and
Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stock-
ton st.
CASH register (HallwoodK brand new; 155;
redaction. Apply h. f. ALLEN. 202 Califor-
nia st.
1SC1 RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
and others: 2d-hand bicycles: cheap: send :
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. C39 Larkln st.
FINE suits. $10; dress parts. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, ?1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny Et.. near Pine.
JEWELRY for cale and made to order. T.
FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny et.. room 23.
ONE borse-power Westlnghouse motor, good
as new. j£5. Standard Laundry. 114 Hayes st.
BEAUTIFUL Scotch collie dog for sale; owner
going east; lady's dog. 727 Eddy Bt.
REGINA music box, almost new, cost ?65; will
take $25. 23 Fifth Et.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new; cheap.
— JH. S. WHITE. SIS Mission st,
MAGIC lanterns/ new and 2d-har.<l moving plc-
turec. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post »t.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new & 2d-han<l
end launches. J. E. DOAK, til Mission st-
SAP'ES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
- MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 1C3 Montgomery st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. EUP.KE. 129 Beale Et.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MISCELLAXEOCS XVAXTS '
WANTED— Gentle pony in exch. for new bi-
cycle or would purchase. 616 Sacramento et.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
caeh. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
ifTLTON wants g-ood second-hand clothing and
* Ueatrtcal goods. 154 »tn at. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
MO SET TO LiO AJf.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
J300.000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any ot above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
/ First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
, R. McCOLGAN
24. Montgomery Et.. room 3.....
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,COu,000 at 6% or less. In large sums; loans
en second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
pfcblems of all sorts and elzes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
tee HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
Interests, corporation loans. R. 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANT proposition; any amount; « per cent, on
mortgages, estatea, undivided Interests: chat-.
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building. 206 Kearny St.. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market St.; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et; rhone Red 1603.. . ,
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party ; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON .furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
MONET loaned salaried people without secur-
tty. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal!
_Ftrictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per. cent on furniture; $3 a month on each
J1000; any security. 3C2 Montgomery St., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. '^22 Sansome Et.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCT, 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAT &
CO. may be exchansed for a new Steinway
upright or baby erad piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, {6 per^
month; some good pianoi sold for $3, {4 and"
!5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ms., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st., Oakland. .
A BAUMEISTER piano gives you more for the
money than any other. They are first class
in everything except price. You can use one
5 years and then exchange for a Decker if
you wish without losing a cent. We have
seme choice bargains In second-hand and new
instruments. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st
ATTENTION, BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand uprisht pianos from $35 up.
S«cond-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from J175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
6 SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng, Ma-
son &. Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
prico; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & \u25a0 CHASE. SO
O'Farrell St.; established 1S50.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
Eole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, includinc Hallet-Davis; great bar-
pain list. 550 up; Steinway. J1S5 up; Fischer.
5100; Chickerlng, J165; 20 others; rents *2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
case. Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square. $45; organs, J'J5
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads "of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices: second-hand pianos for a song.
•Wilson's Storage. i?06 Market st.
PIANOS — The most modern and up to date;
Steck, Everett. Conover. Packard. Ludwig,
Hardman and many others: wholesale and re-
tail. The B. Allen Co.. ?33 Market St.,
S. F. ; (Branch Store, 931 Broadway, Oakland).
OUR special sale of high-grade pianos con-
tinued one week: Harelton, Dewing Bros, and
Boothe. DEWING'S. Flood building.
WANTED— Hallet Davis square pianos: $100
premium above value. HEINE. 217 Geary.
$550 PIANO, nearly, new. for $223; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GENTLEMAN leaving town will sacrifice ele-
gant large upright piano. 40S Golden Gate av.
GOOD serond-huna upriKht for Bale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
LEFT on sale— Antisell large upright. $125;
Steinway. $165. 217 Geary. sL. room J6.
$50 — Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory, 1729 Mission.
WANTED— Sohmer square piano. BTRON
MAUZY. 20S-312 Post st-
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung"s, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shonlnger, Schubert and Steinway bargains, i
f75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE'S
Piano Factory, Market, 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Post st. .!
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. ECOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H?
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paees. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
XURSES.
MRS. C. A. WALLIS, nurse, 531 Turk St.;
phone East 794.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TO Lease— 1 sunny lofts or separate, 55x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. £08 Mission et.
TWO stores to let on southeast corner Turk
and Scott sts.; one is a furnished barber
shop: rents SS and $12.
DESKROOM In elegant, sunny office; very rea-
sonable; prlv.phone. 727 Emma Spreckels bldg.
$6— A nice office; gas free. Room 29, Blythe
building. 14 Grant ave.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; ' all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PAIXTEUS AND DKCOIIATORS. -.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d: tel. Red 3S2L
N PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PEKSOXALS.
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
St.. largest curio store In America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der. $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of I
rheumatism, sciatic l. neuralgia or gout; price
$2 BO per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia St., S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 7C0 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to.$S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR, birth marks, moles removed forever
without r>ain or *car with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. 3598
Eighteenth st., cor. Guerrero. ~
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus,
Ohio.
ONLY one price for all styles of hair dressing,
23c; good switches, $1. G. LEDERER, 123
Stockton st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN. OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
FACIAL massage; Hydro- Vacu treatment; new
method; electrolysis. Mrs. Dunlap's Hair
Parlors, 34 Kearny st.
COPRIVIZA— In this city, September 29. 190L
Margaret, beloved wife of John Copriviza. be-
\u25a0 loved daughter of Mr. , and - Mrs. William
Simpson, and beloved mother of Marguerite,
Charles and George Copriviza and Mr6. F.
Lerond, a native of San Francisco.
K5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), al 9 o'clock, . from her late
residence. 900^ Vallejo street, corner of Ma-
son, thence to St. Francis Church, where a
,, solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:20
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOLEY— In this city, at his residence, 702
, Vallejo street, John Foley. beloved son of
the late John and Margaret Foley. and
• . brother of Eugene and Nellie Foley, the late
Patrick, William, Michael and Frank Foley
and Mrs. F. Hewitt, a natlVe of Canada.
IC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GROWNEY— In this city, September 29, 1301,
Theodore . Growney, a native of Roxbury.
Mass.. aged 72 years.
HALL of Unity -Lodge No. 27. A. O. U.
W., 223 Sutter street. — The funeral escort 13
; hereby notified to assemble at the hall to-day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother, Theodore Growney.
, Fines will be strictly enforced. By order of
C. A. O'BRIEN. Master Workman.
H. GRIMSHAW, Recorder. y
GILFOY— In this city, September 28. 1901/^*0-
rah Frances Gilfoy, beloved wife of John
Gllfoy, and mother of Mrs. C. A. Henry.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Agnes
Church. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUERNE— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the bduI
of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at the
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctoirea. Bush
street, below Stockton, to-day (Tuesday),
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
HIRSCH— In this city. September 30. 1901. Jo-
seph, husband of Reglna Hirsch, and father
of Ben and Charles J. Hirsch and Mrs. Jo-
ssph Rosenthal, a native of Worms, Ger-
many, aged 74 years 9 months % and 10 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, £10 O'Farrell street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
KELLY— In this city. September 2S. 1901, Harry
E., dearly boloved husband of Violet Kelly,
•beloved son of Mary A. and the late Pat-
rick Kelly, brother of William, James, John,
Charles, George,* Jennie, Annie and May
Kelly and Mrs. Golden, and son-in-law of
Mrs. J. Torrence, a nrtive of San Kranclsco.
aged 26 years 5 months and 23 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from hli late resi-
dence. 1046 McAllister street, between Bu-
chanan and Webster, and thence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy Ftrect, near Scott, -where
a solemn requiem mas>s will be celebrated for
the repose of bis soul, commencing at 10,-30
o'clock. Interment Ho'.y Cross Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, September 28, 1901. Brid-
get Lynch, wife of the late John Lynch, a
native of Ireland, aseel 60 years.,-
ETTriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty <fc Green, 1171 Mis-
. sion street, thence to St. James Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LLOYD— In this city. September 29, 1901.
Thomas Raymond, only and dearly beloved
son of Thomas B. and Mary E. Lloyd, and
nep..ew of John M., Cornelius, Margaret ond
Thomas Harrington, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 months and 23 days. (Sacra-
mento and' Los Angeles papers please copy.)
ICyFrlends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 2455 Mission street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-flrst. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McARDLE— In this city, September 29, 1901.
Nora, widow of the late Thomas McArdle,
and mother of John and Joseph McArdle.
Mrs. Jane Moore and the late Jeff McArdle,
a native of New York, aged 57 years.
EyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., .767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cros3 Ceme-
tery by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
MITCHELL— In the City and County Hospital,
September 30, 1901, John Mitchell, a native
of Greece, aged 42 years.
MORSE— In Berkeley, September 30, 1901, Ralza
A., husband of Ellen Morse, and father of
Mrs. "©. Winter and Blanche, Ruby and Clin-
ton R. Morse, a native of New York, aged
69 years 6 months and 21 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2240 Shattuck avenue. Interment
private.
MANSFIELD— In Oakland. September 29. 1901.
Katheleen Mansfield, beloved daughter of
James and Mary Manstield, sister of Jo-
sephlr.e and James Manstield and Mrs. Ed-
ward Molonsy and Mr3. Hugh Mclninery,
and niece of Patrick Richard Mansfield and
James Daniel and John Slattery, a native of
Oakland, aged 15 years 4 months and 27 days.
-CT'Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her Barents, S14 Linden street, thence to
the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a requiem ' mass .will be said for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:3*
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oak-
land.
MOFFITT— Entered into rest in this city, Sep-
tember 29, 1901, Thomas S. Moffitt, aged 72
years. (Boston and Philadelphia papers please
copy.>
IC^-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at t o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Occidental
Lodge No. 22, K. and A. M.
NESSIER— In this city, September 2S. 1901.
Theodore Neasier, beloved brother of Thomas,
Edward and Louts Nessier, Mrs. John Kauf-
mann and Mra. Joseph Bieri, a native of
Canton Wallis, Schwilz. agsd 21 years 1 :
month and 21 clayr. \
ErFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
at 8 o'clock, from the parlors o£
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and -Eighth, thence to St. An-
" thony's Church, Twenty-sixth and Army
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
held for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city, September SO, 1901.
James Nelson, a native of Scotland, aged 76
years. -
ROTHSCHILD— In this city. September 29, 1901.
Eugene Rothschild, a native of Munich, Ba-
varia, aged 58 years 9 months and 11 days
• StyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 13S Hartford street. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Crematory. . .
SCHOMAKER— In this city, September 30,
1001. George Schomaker, beloved brother of
Loui3 Schomaker, a native of Germany, aged
- 40 years 9 months and 23 days.
(CyKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'elock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEIMLE— In this city, September 30. 1901,
Catherine, "beloved wife of William Stelmle.
and mother of Henry, Louis and John
Stelmle and Mrs. Kate Wlrthlnger, a native
of Germany, aged 62 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 7:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 719^i Howard street, thence to St.
Boniface's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 8:13 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . .
WOODMAN -In this city. September 28. 1901.
infant daughter of William H. and E.'ma E.
-Woodman, and sister of.Dprland, Harry and
Kate Woodman, a native of San Francisco,
azed 1 year.
- CARD OF THANKS. „
•We desire to give thanks to our friends
and acquaintances for sympathy and kind-
ness extended to us In our late bereavement,
v MISS SARA MENZIES.
? MRS. C. F. LAST.
Jtfianahan Florist Co.
V - / ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.» f .« ELLIS flSg 5056
/ OCEAN TRAVEL. ~~
oceaincs.sxo.sa£
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thursday. Oct.- 3, 10 a. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.....!
..... , Saturday, Oct. ll 3 p. m .
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti \
-... ..: Oct. 24, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPSESXELS k BROS. CO., fisnsre. Agents, 327 Kaitri St
Ben'I Passenger Cffics, 643 Market St., Pisr Ko. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Clfl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard *. Pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEL Oct. 3ILIMARI Oct. M
AREQUIPA Oct.U|
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
"BAY AND BIVEB STEATVrrTRS.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
' 9:45 a. rn., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:13 p. rn. Fare SO cents.
Telephone Main 1S08. Landing and office, pier
2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH BR03.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUENA- VISTA ave., 449, .near Frederick St.
and' Golden Gate Park— 4 or more furnished or
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; private.
EDDY, 743—2 front" connecting rooms; .gas
. stove;, large closets; phone. \u25a0•• -'\u25a0_
EIGHTH, 34B, near Market— Sunny front suite
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping; bath.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas,. bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
JONES, 617— Pleasant, well furnished parlor
floor. 3 rooms, for rent for housekeeping.
MINNA, 172 — 2 large, sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; stove and sink; reasonable.'
NINTH, 113—2 sunny. housekeeping rooms; run-
ning water; bath.
OAK, 119—2 parlor; 2 front basement single
rooms; all furnished; housekeeping; cheap.
POLK. 1002—3 an/1 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SEVENTH, 22V4, near Market — Sunny house-
keeping? rooms; front suite. ____^
THE WINFIELD, 223 A Leave.nworth— Front
suite with kitchen.
WILLOW ave., 10, off ' Larkin, near Eddy— 2
furnished rooms, complete hskpg; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions.
received at Call branch of flee, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at, 1096
Valencia st. • '
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
A^BRUNS\VICK~I?5USE^ 148 slith-^Rooms,'
26c to Jl per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nglht.
ARG-YLE,- 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached: country visitors find no place
like the'Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
ARDELL, 15 Page— Large furnished rooms, $4
and $5 month; sunny; housekeeping, $5 to $14.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
A NICE sunnysultft; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 333 Stockton st.
ASH AVE., (?S, near City Hall — 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms, $9; 2 sunny rooms, $5 and $6.
BURNETT, -1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed mis., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 930— Very desirable suits; also single;
quiet and homelike. •
CLAY, 1523, near Hyde— Large sunny furnished
room, with use of bath.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms ; : prices , reasonable. -
DOLORES, 931, near 23d— To let, furnished,
large front and back rooms; bath; gas; grate.
EDDY, 210 — Elegant furnished back parlor,
suitable for man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
EDDY, 724— Fine furnished ' room suitable for
two gentlemen, without board.
EUGENE. 265 O'Farrell— New house, fireproof;
new furniture: electric elevator; 23 private
suits with bath; baths free; first-class.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. Jr
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; .travelers accommodated.
GEARY, ,604— Sunny front furnished rooms.
GEARY, 1620 — Parlor suite to young couple,
with board: elegantly furnished; references
exchanged.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 126-Nice furnished
rooms; gas grate; also light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 218— Sunny front parlor
suitable 2 gentlemen friends; bath: gas; mod-
erate. , ;
GOLDEN GATE. 521— Sunny furnished rooms;
reasonable: phone.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 618— Large sunny room,
suitable for 2, 53 per month.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 941— Small, sunny, fur-
nished room for lady. Apply evenings.
HARRISON. 7S4i J. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed rooms; bath; all conveniences; honie-
like; $1 week up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Tuik
et.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing: elegantly furnished: strictly first-class;
EOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars . to Turk st.
LARKIN. 817'i — Large sunny corner room,
nicely furnished; Investigate.
LEAVENWORTH, 716— Sunny parlors; suitable
doctor's office; water, gas, phone.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur.; single rooms, $19 up.
MCALLISTER, 712— Nice sunny . lurnishcd
room; gas, bath; Tent reas. to perm, roomer.
MINN A, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. Jl per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market st. :
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window; mantel; double bed; 1. $S; 2. $10.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST. 726— New. beautifully furnished double
parlors, suitable for 2 or 3 gentlemen; cen-
trally located; gas; phone.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
(S; month, $S to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. .
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 523— Newly furnished sunny front and
back rooms in private family, $ 5 month' up.
SUTTER, ,32014 (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TAYLOR, 246. corner Ellis— Rooms furnished
or 3 unfurnished. '
TURK, 114^—2 sunny rooms, rear; rent $2 23.
TURK, 543 — Clean sunny room; gas and bath;
$2 2» per -week; private. \u25a0 . •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has "Been established at 1096
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne — Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price;
\u25a0ultes and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy Bt.; near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE CECILERNE, S30 Van Ness ave. *
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel ; exceptional table: attractive rooms.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House) — Sunny con-
servatory suite and others: excellent board.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Two furnished rooms; light house-
keeping privileges; tenant owns gas stove,
etc.; Golden Gate Park district preferred.
Box 281, Call.' : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0
WANTED— A plain unfurnished room on mid-
dle floor, well lighted, having a fireplace and
water- in It. Address box 738. Call office.
TWO unfurnished rooms; must be reasonable.
Address 413 Powell st. -\u25a0
~"~ SPECIAL. NOTICES. ~~~~
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1
per box; warranted to cure all cases of bleed-
Ing. Itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
BAD 'tenants ejected for ?4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 413 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold; 'rented, exchanged; re-
palring: lowest rates: phona Mint 45? 145 6th.
j STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
pTE^C^R^D^iLipBr^tomgT^nT^5v7ng^
office" Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.; teL'jftoward 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS.Van & Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES^
GREAT BARGAINS IN^rYPEWRITER^^W>
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals,, $3. The .Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER .Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
.typewriter doctors; estimate free. ; 209 Sansome,
TYPEWRiTERi: 2d-hand.--all makes,-- at .low
figures./!/. & ll. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.Bingleaders in Sunday Morning
Shooting Affray to Be
Prosecuted. " -
BIOTERS IDENTIFIED.
I have a widowed mother and three sisters
whom I have to support. I was engaged to
drive team here by the Independent Employ
ment Bureau on California street. I wrote to
them about getting work and they replied that
they would put me to work driving team i£ I
would come down.
to get my team out, the crowd hollered "scab"
at me and shouted "whoa" when I tried to
drive the horses. The men who followed me
up the street from the truck I recognized as
being men I had seen in the crowd when I waa
trying to get the team out. When they fol
lowed me up the . street they called me a
"scab," but I did not pay any attention to
them; nor did I pay any attention to them
when they abused me while I 'was trying to
get the team out. I thought I could get the
team- out without having any trouble with
them. When the gang grabbed me on the cross-
Ing- they tried to drag me into the alley off
the main street.
E. G. Cantrell of the National Foundry
made the following statement last night:
When the machinists returned to •work to-day
it was with the distinct understanding that
they were to work ten hours. Their failure to
do 69 was a violation of that agreement. While
ire have opposed the demands of the strikers
\u25a0we nave at no time resisted the nine-hour plan,
provided pay for nine hours only should be the
rule. "When the men went back we believed
the strike teas practically settling itself, but
we never Intended it to be understood that we
were making any concessions to the men. I
o confident that the men would never have re
fused to work more. than nine hours had it not
been for the presence of the pickets outside the
works. The men feared violence and were com
pelled to take the step they did. "We will hold
out to the last. I am sorry 'for the men, many
of -.whom are now In destitute circumstances.
They want to work but dare not. That is the
disgraceful condition of affairs In this city at
the present time.
At" the office of Business Agent "Wisler
of the Machinists' Union it was asserted
In the afternoon that the National Iron
Works'' managers had agreed to the nine
hour d&"y at a rate of wages that was
"satisfactory to the men and to the com
mittee."
A gain of ten machinists was made yes
terday by the Risdon Iron "Works and
eight by the Union Iron "Works. In these
instances the returning machinists were
not so easy of access by the pickets, the
result being that the men were not inter
fered with. These men worked the full
ten hours, according to the old schedule,
and when they quit work it was the un
derstanding that they would return this
morning. Some of the men remained in
the works, where the company maintains
a boarding house, and even if the others
do not return those now in the works are
certain to remain.
No Concessions Hade.
Promptly at 5 o'clock the men threw
down their tools and the hum of the ma
chinery was stilled. Several of the older
employes, all men of large families, left
the shop with tear-dimmed eyes, and all
of them expressed their regret at the out
come of the affair. They were willing
and anxious to work, they said, but they
were forced to obey orders from union
headquarters, although in doing so they
were actually depriving their wives and
children of their daily bread. The firm
declined to reeognize the nine-hour sched
ule, whereupon the men announced that
they could not again return to work un
less the union demands were recognized.
As this surrender is improbable, the Na
tional Foundry wiu remain closed for the
present.
Leave Shops Reluctantly.
the banners of the employers.
Some thirty-five machinists returned to
work after having accepted, so the em
ployers assert, the old ten-hour schedule,
but during the day. the pickets got in
their work and at 5 o'clock last evening,
after working- nine hours, the greater
•number of tne men ceased operations
with the announcement that they would
not return again until the demands of
the strikers outlined on May 20 had been
"granted.
The shop particularly interested in this
ultimatum is the National Iron Works,
conducted by Messrs. Marshutz & Can
trell at Howard and Main streets. On
May 20 when the strike was declared this
firm lost some forty employes and since
that time its operations were almost
completely .at a standstill. The firm de
clined persistently to grant the nine
hour day with ten hours' pay. Lat>t
Thursday the executive committee of the
Machinists* Union called upon Mr. Can
trell and after a conference the agree
ment was reached that the ten-hour rule
would be temporarily maintained, the
men agreeing to stand by the old sched
ule. The firm was at no time unwilling
to recognize the nine-hour rule, provided
pay for nine hours' work was accepted.
This proposition was distasteful to the
leaders of the striking macniniBts, but
some of the men themselves secretly
favored the plan.
In consequence of the agreement ar
rived at with Mr. Cantrell. fifteen ma
chinists, five blacksmiths and two mold
ers appeared at the foundry at 7 o'clock
yesterday morning and began operations.
A few minutes later tne union pickets
began to arrive, and throughout the. day
their number was augmented until 5
o'clock, when fully one hundred strikers
were on hand. At noon several of the
machinists in the foundry were ap
proached by the pickets, and an animat
ed debate was the result. When the men
returned to work at 1 o'clock the formal
announcement was made that the crew
would work until 5 o'clock only. Mr. Can
trell interrogated the men, and charged
them with violating the terms of their
agreement. The men said they were sor
ry, but it was unwise for them to work
according to the schedule In force at the
time of the inauguration of the strike.
They glanced with considerable concern
at the crowd of pickets outside, and one
cf them hinted that it might be danger
ous for them to work the limit of ten
hours. That the presence of the pickets
had the effect of intimidating the men
and forcing them to a violation of their
agreement to work ten hours until fur
ther notice, the members of the firm do
uot hesitate to declare.
p-rj-a HERE were important develop-
J I ments in the machinists' strike
f! yesterday, and for a time It
il seemed victory would perch on
Shasta County Man, Driven to City by Influx of San Francisco Union Laborers, Uses
. Revolver When Assailants Seize Him— Machinists Work for a Day and Quit
Again When Concession Is Refused— Rioters Are Identified
STRIKERS ASSAULT A NON-UNION TEAMSTER
AND TWO OF THEM ARE SERIOUSLY INJURED
The Verein Arion gave its initial per
formance of the winter season at Union
square Hall, Sunday night, and enter
tained a large and appreciative audience.
The programme contained an overture by
the orchestra, selections by the "Verein
Arion, a pretty alto duet sung by Mis3
Juliet Levy and Miss Ernestine Goldman
and a. .well-rendered piano solo.
The conclusion consisted of a roaring
one-act farce, entitled "Das Fest der
Handworker," which kept the audience in
a continual roar of laughter. The male
characters, mainly grotesque, were well
sustained by George C. Beauchamp, Franz
Goldstein, Hans Veroni, Carl Kahler, L.
Warnke and Dr. H. Bech. Hermann Holz
hauer officiated as director of the per
formance.
Arions Entertain.
Harry Howell, who says he is .a striking
machinist and that he formerly worked
for the Joshua Hendy Machine "Works,
was arrested yesterday morning by Police
man Sylvester and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of petty larceny. He
stole a telescope basket from a second
hand store on Mission street near Fourth.
He told the officer that he wanted to get
money to buy food.
Says He Stole to Oet Food.
To the Editor of the Examiner: I most em
phatically deny the statement published in the
Examiner relative to the shooting affray which
occurred on Kearny street Sunday morning. I
did not make the remarks attributed to me by
the Examiner reporter, »who misquoted every
remark made by me on that occasion. Yours
truly, - LEON COHEN.
I ' did not make the statement attributed to
me by the Examiner reporter. I am positive
the specials did not fire the first shot. I was
on the right side of the street where the strik
ers were gathered, and I know the shooting
did not be^in on the east side. The Kxamlner,
for purposes of its own, has deliberately falsi
fied my statements, and I to-day sent a letter
protesting against being placed in a false posi
tion. /
The/ letter addressed to the Examiner
by Mr. Cohen is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 30, 1901.
Mr. Coben indignantly denies the truth
of the published report of the affair as
far aa he is concerned. He said last
night:
I was on the west side of Kearny street,
near Unfon Square avenue. I saw half a dozen
men on the opposite 6lde of the street. Just
then another group came out of the avenue.
As these men came on to Kearny street one
of the crowd across the way said: "There
they are; now let them have It." - A
shot followed the words and the next instant
a dozen men were* firing at each other. I am
positive the men' on the east side of Kearny
street fired the first shot.
In its reference to the shooting, affray
the Examiner quotes Leon Cohen of 790
Bush street as saying that the firing wa3
begun by the special police who were on
the east side of "Kearny street, while the
pursuing strikers were on the west side.
Mr. Cohen is made to say:
Garbles an Interview.
The published report that the specials were
violent and unruly in my house on Saturday
night is absolutely false. They disturbed no
one. No attempt was made to display a pistol
nor did they utter a single word to the dozens
of strikers who were in the place. My atten
tion was called to a remark made by one of
the strikers, which was to the effect that the
strikers intended to do the specials up. Fear
ing they intended to assault the specials in the
house, I made preparations for the event by
warning my waiters to look out for trouble.
The specials left the place about five minutea
to 1 o'clock, and were followed by the entire
gathering of strikers, -which at that tlma-num
bered not less than 100. The specials left with
out saying a word to any one. I can get fifty
witnesses to swear to the truth of this" state
ment. : ...
In his letter to the Examiner yester
day. Father Yorke comments upon the
shooting of Sunday morning and after re
ferring ..to the appearance at the Thalia
of' the special policemen engaged in that
affair he says:
"What happened last night? The special
policemen who are empowered to preserve law
and order in San Francisco got so violent and
intolerable in the Thalia that the proprietor
was compelled to telephone for the police. Did
the police come? No; the police were too busy
chasing ghosts on the water front. Did the
specials leave? They did; they left full of
whisky and fight.
This statement, which is reinforced by
another in the same issue of the Exam
iner in which it is made to appear that
the special policemen flourished revolvers
in the faces of patrons of the Thalia, i-j
denied by Joseph Schwartz, proprietor of
the Thalia, as being false in every detail.
Mr. Schwartz made the following state
ment to a Call reporter last night:
the Examiner has not disdained to
misquote and falsify, and the Rev. Poter
C. Torke. relying upon information fur
nished by that paper, makes assertions
equally at variance .with the facts.
IN" its efforts to fasten the responsi
bility for the riot at Kearny and
Market streets Sunday morninc
upon the special policemen engaged,
James Downey went Into the restaurant
of Samuel Roderiguez, 270 Brannan street,
on September 8 and begged for a meal
as he was starving and could not get
work. He got a substantial meal and
showed his appreciation by stealing the
knife and fork and other articles. He
was sentenced by Judge Conlan yester
day to six months in the County Jail.
Downey Was Ungratefnl.
Start October 3 or 4 and return in December.
Full particulars regarding Pan-American Ex
cursion tickets, -which cost only $37 for Um
round trip, at the Santa. Fe office. 641 Market
street.
Best Time of Tear to Go East.
Samuel Gately, who keeps a lodging
house at 301 Twenty-second street, yes
terday applied for a writ of review to
annul a search warrant issued by Judge
Fritz September 26. The warrant waa
issued on an affidavit made by H. B.
Olive, who claimed that he had beea
robbed of two trunks and a box of tools
at the Gately House. The property was
seized by the officers who used the war
rant and now Gately wants the trunks
and box back, claiming that he seized
them for a board bill owed him by Olive.
Landlord Seeks to Recover Trunks.
Decision Adding • Several Thousand
Mongolian Voters to American
Register Is Handed Down.
A decision by the 'United States Treas
ury Department affecting the status of
Chinese born or naturalized In the Ha-*,
walian Islands before the annexation waa
handed down yesterday to Port Collector
Stratton. It • was in the case of Ti L.1
Hong, a merchant, who arrived from Hon
olulu several weeks ago. TI is a native
Chinaman,- but became a citizen' of Ha
waii. several years ago. On leaving Hono
lulu for this port Ti applied for a certifi
cate to the effect that he was a merchant •
and entitled to visit the United States.
The Collector of the Port at Honolulu waa
of the opinion that Ti. being a natural
ized citizen of Hawaii at the time of tha
annexation, waa therefore a naturalized
citizen of the United States, notwith
standing that the naturalization laws oC
this country extend only to the. Cauca
sian and African races. The annexation
act provides that all citizens of Hawaii
at the time of annexation became citizens
• of the United States.
This view of the Collector at the port
of Honolulu has been indorsed by the
Treasury Department, and Collector
Stratton yesterday allowed TI La Hone
to land as an American citizen.
HAWAIIAN" CHINESE ARE
RECEIVED AS CITIZENS
in the Police Department. His retirement
will be received with sorrow by the* en
tire force.
Among those mentioned as his probable
successor are Lieutenants Martin, Bird
sail, Anderson and Mooney.
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CAIik, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1901. .
Your medicine chest : is i lnconplete if it Is
not stocked with Jesse Moore "A A" Whiskey.*
Captain Glllin is slated to be retired
by the | Pension Commissioners at their
next meeting in October. For some time
past Gillln has > unable to
do police duty, owing to a se
rious . injury to \u25a0 his kneecap, re
ceived while in charge of the China
town squad. He is now at the springs,
a hopeless invalid. As it is more than
likely that he^will never again be able to
don a uniform, the Commissioners have
decided to retire him on half pay.
Gillln was one of the most fearless men
The Commissioners Save Decided to
.Pension Him. at Their Next
Meeting.
CAPTAIN QTT.TJN TO BE
RETIRED ON HALF PAY
H. Castagnino, who lives at 527 Bay
street, Oakland, als6 received some atten
tion, from the water-front reception com
mittee. His lacerated scalp was stitched
up at . the Harbor Hospital.
John Curtin, the sailor boarding-house
keeper whose place of business was blown
up with dynamite during the sailors'
strike of- seven years ago, was last night
injured in an altercation with union sail
ors. A laceration of the scalp was.
stitched up at the Harbor Hospital by
Dr. DIggins.
The violence committee had a little
splutter of life yesterday. Three men
on their way uptown from Oakland were
pulled off a . Castro-street car about 5:30
p. m. They were surrounded by about
twenty strikers, but managed to break
away after receiving a few. contusions.
George Brown, a painter, attacked Young
Pow, a Chinese in business in Oakland,
at Market and East streets. Policemen
Edner and Hightower rescued the «hinese
and arrested Brown, who claimed that the
Oriental had taken his job away from
him. .
Vicjdm of Dynamite Outrage Again
. Suffers at Strikers' Hands.
SAHX)BS BEAT CURTIN.
James F. Dunne,- surviving partner of
the cattle firm of Donnelly, Dunne & Co.,
filed a suit for an accounting In the Su
perior Court yesterday against U V.
Maxwell and R. L. Barry, executors of
the will of the late E. T. Donnelly.
Dunne alleges in his complaint that at
the time of Donnelly's death in April,
1&00, the firm of Dunne & Donnelly owned
property valued at $200,000, with liabilities
amounting to $190,000. He further alleges
that the property. If sold, would not
realize a sufficient sum to pay the debts.
Dunne claims that he has asked the
executors for an accounting and that his
request was not granted. He therefore
asks the court to declare the partnership
still in existence and to order that the
executors be required to turn over suffi
cient property to pay the debts.
The principal item mentioned in the
complaint is a loan of $100,000 secured by
Dunne from the Hibernia Bank. A large
sum Is also due A. B. McCreery for the
rent of the Los Aguilas ranch.
Surviving Partner of Cattle " Firm
Wants Executors to Settle
Accounts.
JAMES F. DUNNE SUES
FOB, AIT ACCOUNTING
Not content with her success she
scoured the city's places of amusement
and finally secured a position as amateur
at the Chutes, where she appeared for
two or three successive Thursday nights.
From there she went to the Olympla,
where she sung last Friday evening. On
Saturday her course was arrested by Sec
retary White of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children, who took
charge of her until she was committed.
Little 13-year-old Mary Smith was rude
ly awakened from her dreams of. a career
on the variety stage by Judge Fritz yes
terday, and sent to complete her educa
tion at the Magdalen Asylum.
Until about a month ago the would-be
actress lived in Sausalito, but tiring of
pastoral life across the bay she resolved
to try her talents In the metropolis and
ran away from her fosterparents. Much
to her surprise she found that theatrical
managers did not appear to take kindly
to her and she entered the employ of a
lodging-house keeper, under whose direc
tion she became proficient in the care of
rooms.
Thirteen- Year-Old Mary Smith of
Sausalito Is Sent to Magdalen
Asylum.
To-day Captain Seymour intends to
charge them with rioting, under sections
401 and 406 of the Penal Code, which makes
it an indictable misdemeanor, punishable
by two years' imprisonment In the County
Jail or a fine of 52000, or both.
Johnson was, on May 6, 1895, sentenced
to six months in the County Jail for petty
larceny; April 19, 189a, he got six months
for misdemeanor embezzlement, and De
cember 9, the same year, he got six
months for -petty larceny. June 12, , 1900,
under the name of John Brady he got
forty days for petty larceny. January 10,
this year,' he got sixty days for petty lar
ceny, and April 15 he got six months for
petty larceny, both under the name of
Brady. He was released from the County
Jail on September 9.
Captain Wittman yesterday preferred
charges before the Police Commissioners
against Samuel Caldwell, the hackman
who refused to drive a non-union
wounded man to the Emergency Hospital
when requested to do so by the captain
at the time of the riot. The case will
come before the Commissioners to-night
and Caldwell will probably lose his
license.
The four specials were then escorted to
the prison, and told to pick out the men
who were responsible for the riot. Special
Officer Bogan, without a moment's hesi
tancy, pointed to Johnson/' Duggan and
Tatts- as the men who took part in the at
tack on him and his companions. Special
Officer L. A. Decote positively identified
\u25a0Tate and Johnson, and Special Officer
Grandall had no trouble in picking- out
Duggan, who, he declared, was one of
the most aggressive of the mob. The
identification was made complete when W.
T. Rawlins, a sailor who was with the
specials when they were fired on, picked
out the four strikers.
Tlllman recognized them as the men who
were seen hanging around the Thalia on
the night of • the trouble, inciting their
fellow strikers to wreak vengeance on the
quartet of Curtin's men.
Shortly after 7 o'clock last night the
imprisoned strikers were taken from their
cells and lined' up with several "trusties"
who were dressed as laborers.
This afternoon I was driving my team from
the Santa Fe depot to' a store up on Market
street. (By Policeman Livingston: * The store
of Quadt. on Market street, above Larkin.) .1
got stalled at Howard and Seventh streets and
the (special policeman who . was with me ad
vised m« to telephone to the . head office for a
team. A crowd collected around the truck and
I went up the street to telephone. I went up
Seventh street to between Mission and Market.
I could have gone into a place nearer the
truck, but I thought the keepers of the places
so near the truck would not let me telephone.
Between- Mission and Market I went Into a
store and telephoned. Four or five fellows fol
lowed me up the street from the truck, and
they were standing at the door of the store
when I came out. I then walked a few doors
further and went Into a saloon and had a
drink, thinking I could get rid \u25a0 of them. Two
of them followed me Into the saloon, and they
had a drink. When I left the saloon I walked
down the street toward my truck and the same
five fellows followed me. I had walked about
one block and was crossing: an alley when the
fellows closed up around me on the sides and
at my back and one of them said: "Grab him
now." They then grabbed my arms and tried
to get me by the back- While I was swinging
and struggling with them I 'pulled my six
shooter and said that if they did not turn me
loose I would shoot. They would not let go
of me. I managed to get *my six-shooter
around to what I thought was the right place
ana then I shot the man on my left. The other
two men who had hold of me then let go and
I shot at the man at my back. They then
grabbed me and threw me "down and tried to
beat me. - As I was going down I shot another
man. I think I hit him In the breast. As I
was getting up I fired the fourth ( shot, and
then they all ran away. I then ran down to
Mission street and got.on the car and 1 rode out
to the Seventeenth-street police station, where
I told the officer in charge what had happened.
The officer telephoned and learned j that some
officers had already been sent to the place. He
then advised me. to. go back on the Howard
street car. I did so, and when I got back to
where my team was I had police protection and
pulled my team" out with the aid of a. team
which had been sent from the head office. Then
I came on home. .
i Before the shooting, and while I waa trying
My name is Ernest -W. Gentry. My home is
in Taylor, Shasta County. California. I came
to 'San Francisco on September 12. 1901. I have
been stopping: at the International .Hotel on
Kearny^ street and. later at tlw Osborn House
on Kearny street I have been advised to re
turn to \u25a0 the International Hotel, and I think
I will do so. I am employed "as a driver for
the Western Transfer and Storage Company.
I am a non-union man. \u25a0
Gentry made the following statement to
the police last night:
Statement Made to Police.
The Ryans say they were, perfectly
innocent of any intention to harm Gentry.
According to their story they happened
upon the street by accident and were un
fortunate enough to reach Minna street
when Gentry was having some trouble
with a few boys. Gentry tells a different
story and identifies the men he wounded
as the men who attacked him.
Gentry fired all the cartridges in his
revolver and a house wall at Seventh and
Minna streets shows the course of those
bullets that did not penetrate the bodies
of the Ryans. ' .
horses to help him out of his predicament.
Gentry went to a saloon at Seventh and
Minna streets to telephone, and as soon
as he left the place he was attacked by
several men. The attacking party
pinioned his arms and proceeded to. beat
him. In some way Gentry got his right
arm free and grasped his pistol, which
was in a holster hanging to his left side.
He fired immediately, the first shot plow
ing through the shoulder of Chris Ryan's
coat and setting the cloth on fire. The
second shot entered his groin. John
Ryan, who was with his brother, received
a bullet in the thigh. \u25a0 \u25a0 > :
STAGE-STRUCK MAIDEN"
ENCOTTNTERS OBSTACLE
NON-UNION TEAMSTER SERIOUSLY WOUNDS TWO OF A GAN© OF
STRIKERS AND STRIKE SYMPATHIZERS WHO FOLLOW AND AS
SAULT HIM WHILE POLICEMAN IS GUARDING THE TRUCK.
The Ryans reside at 143 San Carlos
avenue, and Chris is a married man and
the fatner of one child. Before the strike
he drove a team for Schussler Bros., but
his brother had been out of employment
for some time. . . •
The teamster who did the shooting came
here recetly from Keswick. He had been
forced out of employment by strikers
going to the mining camp and offering to
\u25a0work for less money than he was being
paid. As a retaliatory measure he "came
to this city and secured work as a team
ster. Yesterday afternoon he was driving
up Seventh street .when his team got
stalled. G. F. Bray, the special police
man who accompanied him, suggested
that he telephone to the company for
Chris Ryan is. lying In St. Mary's Hos
pital suffering from a bullet w r ound in the
groin, while his brother John Is at the
same hospital with a bullet wound
through his thigh. The surgeons say both
men will live, although their wounds are
very serious.
The man who did the shooting is E. W.
Gentry, a driver in the employ of the
Western Transfer and Storage Company.
He surrendered himself to the police
after the shooting and was permitted to
go on his way by order of the Chief of
Police.
SEVERAL union teamsters made an
attack on a non-union driver
shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday
afternoon at Seventh and Minna
streets, and . a fusillade of <?hots
•was fired with disastrous results to two of
the attacking party — Chris and John
Ryan.
O'Rourke says he is jubilant that he
came out here before the fight, as the
visit opened his eyes to Walcott's du
plicity. He knew that "Walcott was going
to give him the cold shoulder, he says,
and he was so angry on the night of the
contest that he wanted to go behind
Gardner, just for the pleasure of seeing
the black man worsted in the nght.
After the battle O'Rourke devoted his
attention to the money the colored man
received for winning. Walcott owed him
nearly $1300 on a mortgage and for per
sonal loans and he was determined to col
lect the amount. On Sunday night
O'Rourke went to Mitchell's saloon and
made such a protest that Walcott and the
Hergets turned over to him the sum of
$1270. This sum was deposited in Charley
Newman's until yesterday afternoon,
when it was placed in a bank. \u25a0 u
"I thought the Hergets were my frinds,"
said O'Rourke yesterday. "Their actions
prove that they are not. They are wel
come to Walcott. Mark my words he will
prove a stumbling block in their path and
a thorn in their sides. I was the only
man who could handle* him and get any
results out of him. He owes monev to
everybody and will owe money to more
people before he leaves -town."
V.'alcott yesterday affixed his signature
to articles of agreement to flght "Kid"
Carter before the Twentieth Century Club
on Tuesday- evening/ October 15. The
winner of this battle will receive 75 per
cent of the gross receipts and the loser
25 per cent. Walcott will start in training
to-day at Frizzes, Larkspur. Carter is at
work on the Wilson rancn, near Bolinas.
He was in town two days ago and looked
heavier and more rugged. He has been
rusticating and stated that he weighed 170
pounds stripped. He will train faithfully
for the match and expects to defeat Wal
cott again.
Tc-morrow evening the Olympic Club
will hold a boxing exhibition in its gym
nasium. Six pairs of boxers will do bat
tle. The contestants are the cleverest am
ateurs on the coast. Handsome trophies
will be awarded the victors.
Tom O'Rourke, the erstwhile manager
of Joe Walcott, the colored pugilist, 19
very wroth against the Herget brothers
for alienating the Interests Of the colored
boxer to themselves. He claims that
"Young Mitchell"— John Serget— and his
brother have acted "unprofesslonally" in
the matter and talks about evening scores.
Claims the Black Boxer
Is Filled With
Duplicity.
O'ROURKE ANGRY
AT JOE WALCOTT
Any doubt as to the gTiilt of Smith,
Tate, Duggan and Johnson, the "inoffen
sive citizens," who were arrested Sunday
morning for participating In the riot at
Market and Kearny streets, was dispelled
last night when the four strikers were
positively identified as being the ring
leaders of the mob. In addition to being
Identified by the four special officers
whom, they tried to murder, Police Officer
14
GREAT SPECIALS IN
WALKING and DRESS SKIRTS
<1O QtZ for WOMEN'S STYL-
q>^.il3 ISH WALKING
SKIRTS of fine heavy Melton Cloth,
with beautiful flare bottom, finely
stitched with many rows of tailor
stitching, in gray and blue mixtures;
actually worth double.
tQOK for WOMEN'S BEAU-
w.^3 TIFUL WALKING
SKIRTS of rich Melton Cloth, in
blue and black, with swell flare; ele-
gantly tailor stitched and exceeding-
ly graceful in shape, seams finely
stitched; made very neatly and beau-
tifully finished; a usual*$5 value.
HANDSOME FALLTAFFETA WAISTS.
OK f° r handsome assortment
W.^D of rich TAFFETA SILK
WAISTS, in all the new snades, in-
cluding black; in this little lot are
various pretty and effective styles;
lined throughout, detachable stock
collar; extraordinary offering — good
$5 value.
Cf for WOMEN'S STYL-
CDI.43 ish $2.50 ALL-WOOL
FLANNEL WAISTS, in all the
pretty colorings, front and back
pleated and finely stitched, full
bishop sleeves and new pointed cuff,
pretty stock collar; elegant value.
CCr WOMEN'S EIDERDOWN
O3L DRESSING SACQUES,
solid red, pink, blue and gray, made
with hand crocheted edge of wor-
jsted; sold elsewhere for $1.00. V
QC r for regular $1.50 WOMEN'S
" J V EIDERDOWN D RE S S-
ING SACQUES, large rolling col-
lar,! bell sleeve, ornamented with
fastenings of silk frogs.
WE CLOSE AT6 O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones.
ABVBBTISEMENTS. }
I Ajmy sort of shoe 1
i. Will satisfy the person who has never worn a better. |
H But whoever has once had shoes that met every re- g
H quirement of quality will thereafter never te content n
B with inferior footwear. Thus, we do not have to ask 9
I the regular patrons of our $3.50 DEPARTMENT to |
I buy our $3.50 shoes; for they know that these shoes* If
e are the product of the finest workmanship and will 0
g outwear many high-priced shoes; that they have the I 1
fl incomparably smart effect of the new shapes .kept a
g exclusively by us: that, coming in the orthopedic a
R form peculiar to pur shoes, and in all the extreme sizes, they B
U will fit any foot comfortably and gracefully. But of those who |
H .have not yet worn these shoes,' we ask' a trial— not necessarily fl
H a trial of months or years, but merely a "try on" in our store. «
iff • . tsj
I At no other place in San Francisco can SOROSIS
Shoes be bought. The genuine are branded on the
I sole "SOROSIS" with the trademark. The "Just As I
Good," or those represented to be "SOROSIS" or
made on SOROSIS models, are merely attempts of un- \
scrupulous dealers to trade on "SOROSIS" fame. 1
/"•l f\ffibi\d}t C* and. $3.50 are synonymous. J
$HII>& WE HAVEN'T A NEW W
PRICE FOR EVERY A
<2/ tmdemaj* V^ CUSTOMER. In SOROSIS I
you shall have the best that money and scientific 1
methods can produce, and a guarantee has. proven \
our faith in every pair we sell. -\V |
Every wearer of SOROSIS may select from 100 f
styles — in Patent Leather, Enamel; Leather, Box Calf,. '1
\u25a0 Vici Kid, Tan Kid, for dress, street, promenading,
[! stormy weather and golfing. Widths AAA to EE,
y sizes 1 to 9, Louis XV, Military, Common Sense and V
l| $3.50 Afways, ' |
Only to Be Had at '
I Pacific Coast agency for the celebrated Burt &
/ Packard JCorrect Shape $4.00 Shoe for Men.
!\ 50 THIRD ST. -^ /(
j-X stcoiiD woe sro/?f fWf'mKtTA£
y*v%\ ._ -_- - f _ *•>,
•* ** * .'•VI \u25a0 *:;* Ui!I" \u25a0'\u25a0 '*\u25a0'. •*"\u25a0 "i*.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. *
This Lady Seems to Hold the Reins.
She drives a STUDEBAKER
Vehicle, and her judgment in this
proves her to be capable of exer~
cising the authority that she
does. New styles of vehicles
coming constantly.
fiTUDBBAKFft
Bbos.Q)MEsny
Market and Tenth Streets.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
WRITTEN ENDORSEMENTS FROM
MORE THAN
8000 PHYSICIANS.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
| DR. G. B. SUSSDORFF, \
• i Late, Superintendent Physician City \
V and County Hospital. - ./
{ MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES. I
SPECIFIC TREATMENT I;
I For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS. ( ;
, Twenty Tears* • Experience. ~ , i
I Patients may be treated at home or prl-
) rate sanitarium. Office Glasgow Buildins.
\ 105 Ellis si. near Powell. Hours, it) to U ,'
) a. m.. 2 to 4 p. m. ,
jh^i f. k mm .^% CURED No surgery
\u25a0\u25a0 * MmmJ M^ **>mm 9 or delayS^Names of
50 prominent business men sent as reference.
gOO cures la S. F. For particulars aAdreu
PHYSICIAN, box 1350. Call offic*.