Continued on Page Two. /^.-
The pleasure yacht Mayflower, with Jo
seph McPhillips. Mr. and Mrs. ¦William
Pattiscn, Miss Retta Heustis and Miss
Marie Davis on board -was blown upon
Cat Island, Mississippi Sound, Thursday
eiternoon. The party took refuge in a
Care had been taken to elevate lower
floor goods upon temporary platforms,
and the grocers suffered little loss. The
grain men were- caught to some extent.
Owners of cement lost 1200 barrels. The
tracks of the Louisville and Nashville,
Southern and Mobile and Ohio pass
through Commerce street and -were under
•water, traffic r>f course being stopped en
tirely. The Mobile and Ohio Is operating
trains from Whistler, ten miles out, and
the Louisville and Nashville received one
train during the afternoon at Magazine
Point from the north. No afternoon and
night trains came over that road from the
south and none Is expected to-night. The
bay boats made their morning trips from
the eastern shore of the bay to Mobile,
but no afternoon trips were made to the
other side. The schooner Asa T. Stowell,
bound from Havana to Pascagoula, was
outside on Thursday morning-, and. when
caught in the storm, put into this port.
Ker anchors would not hold and she drift
ed all the Tray up the bay and lies upright
on the flats of Little Island, opposite the
city. A small schooner laden with 500 bar
rels of resin for New Orleans overturned
at the reEin wharf. The tugboat Venture
sunk at this wharf.
Commerce. Water and part - of Royal
street, several blocks north of St. An
thony, were covered. The water was
eighteen Inches deep in the Cotton Ex
change, and both the "Western Union and
Postal offices were flooded. The power
houses of the electric railway were flood
ed and electric car service was shut down
after 3 o'clock. All business In the whole-
Bale district was suspended.
MOBILE, Ala., Aug. 16.— The gulf storm,
v.hich began with wind and rain Wednes
day, reached its severest force about 5
o'clock Thursday, the maximum wind ve
locity being sixty-two miles an hour.
Much damage was done In Mobile In the
¦way of uprooting trees, unrofing houses
and toppling chimneys. One person was
killed and four injured In this city. A
falling wall demolished the rear end of
Charles Mohr & Sons' drug store. 161
Dauphin street, badly damaging his stock.
The Rood water was backed by the south
cast gale over the cotton wharf and front.
Life Lost by Toppling Walls.
Streets Flooded, Vessels Sunk and
DAMAGE DOITE AT MOBILE.
The Dixie sawmill and the mill of Helr
eymus Brothers, located at Magazine
Point, were badly damaged, parts of the
plants being blown away.
Logging camps and mills have suffered
considerable loss by the breaking' of
booms. Saw logs anl squared timber
drifted Into Mobile all day, much of It
coming up on Royal street, three blocks
from the water front.
The fruit steamer Harald. from Puerto
Cortez. arrived late to-night. She reports
speaking a two-masted schooner sixty
five miles southeast of this port, totally
dismantled. The captain of the schooner
declined assistance.
Schooner Totally Dismantled.
No communication can be had with any
of the islands In Mississippi Sound, just
outside the bay, forty miles below here.
All the news concerning' the fate of the
Islanders must come by boat, and this is
anxiously awaited.
Nothing has been heard from Fort Mor
gan. Two companies cf the coast artil
lery are stationed there. The barracks
"undoubtedly received the full force of the
blow.
The pleasure yacht Mayflower of this
city, with a party of prominent people on
board, reported as lost this morning, has
been heard from. All on board found ref
uge on Cat Island, but the boat was
wrecked.
Pleasure Yacht Wrecked.
The pleasure yacht Ariel, bound for
Fish. River, with, a party of Mobile people
on board, is reported to have pounded to
pieces on the wharf at Battles on the
eastern shore of the bay. Nothing has
been heard of the crew.
MOBILE* Ala., Aug. 16.— The tropical
"which came up out of the south
"Wednesday and Increased In force during
the day following is believed to have been
"severest in the vicinity of Mobile. The
i hisrhest wind blew at the rate of seventy
miles an hour for some time. Various re-
m { ports of the drowning of men in the bay
have reached here, but it is Impossible
to confirm them, owing to the complete
•demolition of all means of communication.
Probably Drowned.
jHeTrs Anxiously Awaited From Isl
ands in Mississippi Sound, Where
Ulany Fishermen Were
Verified.
as Yet Cannot Be
of Life Is Reported, but
? Storm Rages With Great
Fury and Vessels Are
Wrecked.
MOST SEVERE
IN VICINITY
OF MOBILE
WASHINGTON, Aug.- 16.— Edward V.
Shepard; of Massachusetts, chief clerk of
the Patent Office, was summarily dismiss
ed from his position to-day. This action
was the culmination of an : investigation
that has been conducted for several days
past for Commissioner of Patents Duell,
the assistant Commissioner and ' other
officials, in connection with the disappear
ance of certain moneys contained in un
claimed registered letters. returned to the
office. Shepard entered a stout denial of
criminal intent and offered to make good
any shortage. t At, the same time he ten
dered his resignation; , admitting \ that the
loss was due. to carelessnes" in. his \ office.
He ; was" not 1 permitted to resign..
in the "Washington Department
Causes Quick Action.*
Disappearance of Government Money
PATENT OFFICE CLERK
SUMMARILY DISMISSED
j KANSAS- CITT. Kans., Aug. 16.—Con
gressman Charles Curtis < of the First
Kansas -District, in addressing the old
soldiers at the Wyandotte County Vet
erans'., reunion in Armourdale, came out
in defense of Admiral Schley in the San
tiago controversy.
; "In the late war," said Mr. Curtis,
"Dewey on May 1 achieved the n/rst bril
liant'victory in the history of naval, war
fare. That engagement held the . record
untn the American fleet destroyed the
Spanish boats under Ce'rvera' at Santiago,
with Schley on the bridge of the Brook
lyn. I know that Sampson was in nominal
command of the fleet, but he was four
miles away when the battle was won."
The statement was greeted with cheers.
ments on the Controversy.
GIVES. SCHLEY THE CREDIT.
Congressman Curtis of Kansas Con>
. It has been determined that ' Raynor
shall draw up the brief of Admiral
Schley, and after Wednesday's meeting
he will go to Capron Springs, West .Vir
ginia, where he will, write the brief.*
with Admiral Schley. in next Monday,
and still another meeting on Wednesday.
Soon after the adjournment of the con
ference- former Judge .Wilson left for his
summer home at Oakland, Maryland, and
Raynor left 'or Roitimore.-
Captain Parker will remain in Washing
ton and will resume, his examination of
the Navy Department records." There will
be another" meeting of all 'the lawyers
"Yes, several," was the response. "But
it would not be'timelytb speak 'of them
now. Admiral Schley does not desire any
secrecy in this matter, but It Is well to
await the court of inquiry.".
"We considered the precept of the court
of Inquiry," said he, "and examined nu
merous papers and documents bearing
upon the movements of the fleet from the
time it sailed from Key West to May 27,
and then from the ¦ time Cervera's fleet
was located in Santiago harbor to July 3,
when it was destroyed."
"Did you find any new points bearing
on the case?"
Captain Parker had with him all of the
data he had secured by his examination
of the official records in the Navy De
partment, and he and Admiral Schley ex
plained to Wilson and Raynor many mat
ters which these gentlemen, not being
sailors, had not understood. At the con
clusion of the conference Raynor made
a guarded statement for publication. He
said another conference would be held
on Monday, at which time Admiral
Schley would give his counsel a list of
his witnesses' and then a > request- would
be sent to the Navy Department for a
list of witnesses to be summoned by the
department. Raynor said he did not
know whether the department would fur
nish this list, but he thought thaV Ad
miral Schley had a right to have it. '
ence to-day in the rooms of former
Judge J. M. Wilson in the Shoreham
Hotel? Admiral Schley,. gave his counsel
a detailed account of the movements of
the flying squadron and of his actions
from the time. he left Key West on May
19, 1898, until the destruction of Cervera's
fleet on July 3.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
N: W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.—
Rear Admiral • Schley and his
three lawyers had a- long confer-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"I .am surprised~at the terms employed
by. Seribr Calderon. 'Personal attacks "are
.. f Senor J. R. Calderon, 1 Colombian Consul
General' in; London, according-' to a cable
dispatch, said ; recently^ that the-Venezue
lan President' was < to blame for, everything
and (called him! a "liar.""; Senor .' Gonzales 1
Esteves i said' of, this: ..'-¦•.?¦.' ¦ .-/., •> ¦ :
"My 'advices also say that .the dead,
wounded and captu'red, wore uniforms of
the Colombian army. Two "of the ; prison
ers wore the "Insignia of the .'Grenadiers
of Cucuta.' Authorities on the frontier
have ordered a close investigation, and it
is expected that it will yield sonie further
telling 1 ' evidence 'of • Colombia's ¦ complicity
In, the two unsuccessful- raids on our ; ter
ritory." ¦ . . ... ' j Ofi.;^
"Colombian officials, have been busy dis
crediting the report that the recent inva
siori'of Venezuelan territory was made by
the Colombian army. In 'answer' to these
'denials ., the 'significant fact* might - be
pointed out that Senor Herran, Colombia's
Charge d* Affaires at Washington, has not
yet contradicted - the reports of his Gov
ernment's i participation "In the . invasion
nor the presence of General Gonzales Va
lencia, former Colombian. Minister -of
-War, on the, Venezuelan frontier. .Hut
there are more convincing proofs than
this* merely circumstantial, evidence. -:
% Colombian Troops Take Part.
,'**The Caracas Government has been of
ficially Informed by the commander of our
army, in; San" Cristobal that among'the
troops that 'invaded Venezuela were the
Colombian battalions of Sucre, Bombana,
Giraldot, Vencedosre, Teneriffe • and sev
enteen more commanded . by Government
officers, among them '}. Gasparini . Pedro,
Leon .Canal and'RIascos.
Heretofore Colonel E. Gonzales Esteves,
Consul General of Venezuela, has main
tained the silence of a sphinx. " He would
give out only such information as Presi
dent.Castro sent by cable. To-day, how
ever,he emerged} from this seeming leth
argy, arid said: •
diplomatic representatives of the
two countries discuss freely the cause of
the troubles which are expected to end in
war. ¦' ¦ ; i • • ¦¦ •.".¦.;.-'. J.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— The breach'
in the relations between ' "Ven- .
ezuela and Colombta. has reached!
a stage where the* consular and
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ADMIRAL SCHLEY CONFERS
WITH HIS LEGAL ADVISERS
Explains All Matters. Connected With; His Conduct
In the Santiago Campaign and Furnishes
/.Some New Points of Evidence/
Senor Herran Says Positively Th?t
Venezuela- Has Given Aid to
Rebels in His
Country.
GOVERNMENT
TROOPS WITH
INSURGENTS
?
Consul General Esteves
Makes Some Bitter
Charges.
? -. •
Declares There Is: Proof That
Colombian Troops Are •
Among Invaders.
Continued on' Page Five.
Continized on Page Two.
,, /WASHINGTON, .Aug. 16. telegram
has-been- prepared -at , the -Navy, Depart
ment to go forward to the Iowa immedl-
;• t phia May Soon' Follow.
Ranger > to Depart and ¦ the 'Philadel-
IOWA IS ORDERED TO PANAMA.*
• "We have an army of .40,000 well trained
soldiers, * who " have .. been . seasoned ' by ; a
year and a half of fighting against a revo
lution. This number / can quickly be
doubled.". ' ¦ - _
. Then the Colombian ' Charge added slg
rilflcantly:; r •
"I have no late news from" my Govern
ment," '. said -Senor Herran. "It does seem
as though the 'relations between Venezu
ela and Colombia are attained, but so far
I know there has been no declaration of
war. No, I cannot make predictions as to
the' future. There is not the least , doubt
thatVVenezuela has given aid to the 'rebels
in' Colombia." . V > '.- ¦• -. . . .'• < >
Senor Thomas Herran, , Colombian
Charge I d' Affaires at Washington, . is in
this city; awaiting the arrival of his fam
ily from Colombia.' He did not appear at
all -optimistic f to-day when asked about
the- hovering war. cloud. :
Venezuela Also to Blame.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 16.— The "War Office
-has received the. following, dispatch
,' from Lord ' Kitchener, dated Preto
ria, August 16:
"While a party of ' fifty of
French's scouts were proceeding,; to
join' a column /near ' Bethesda they
were surrounded . In the hills' ; by
a . superior, force ¦". under Theron and
surrendered. One was killed and ' three
were wounded, Captain Bethelheim dan
gerously;". *
. Lord j Kitchener^ does not ; give ,the date,
b'ut'the casualty list indicates August 8.
.. Reporting upon. the engagement between'
Colonel* : Morringe -'"- and " "Commandant
Kritzenger afM5ddleburg, Lord Kitchener;
says that : the j British . commander drove
the Boers north to_Venterstad in con-
not -generally considered proper when,
something: like ?3000 . miles . separate the
critic from the object of his criticisms." ,
fusion. .-He asserts also that General
French's other column in Cape Colony is
gradually driving the enemy northward.
DURBAN,; Aug. 16.-Lord Kitchener
with a strong force is moving on Hond
weni,on = the border of . Zululand, where
General Botha Is reported to have con
centrated 4000 Boers. . An 'important en
gagement is expected to ensue.
BERLIN, Aug. 16.— The r Vossische Zel
tung says It learns in Boerse circles that
Great Britain has offered the German
protective committee" of' the -Transvaal
Railroad; par for the 1 obligations -and 160
for. the stock. The latter part of ! the offer
has been declined. Negotiations are ex
pected to be resumed for better terms.
The German Government has promised to
support the committee's further negotia
tions.
ately upon her arrival at San Francisco,
ordering her to prepare at once .to go to
sea. When she advises the. department
that she Is ready ; an order will follow
for her to proceed at once to Panama.
The little cruiser Ranger, which is at San
Diego, was ordered. to sail to-day. It is
not believed that there will be any delay
in her departure, as she has had several
days' notice in which to prepare for sea.
She is very ' slow, however, making not
more than six knots, and as the distance
to Panama is about 270O miles, . it would
require almost fifteen days for her to
reach her destination. The department,
therefore, , decided to dispatch the Iowa as
'soon -as the battleship arrived at San
Francisco and can prepare for the trip.
The.cruiser. Philadelphia, which arrived
at San .Francisco yesterday from the Sa
moan' Islands, is to go "at once into dry
dock at the j Mare , Island { navy "yard* for
overhauling ..and genera: ' '¦ repairs. - The
Navy \ Department has decided . that this
vessel . should : be immediately placed In
condition,' lnjjrder that che might be pre
pared. > if occajjiwn- arose,, to go, south to
the scene of, the' trouble on the Isthmus.
SAN. DIEGO, ; Aug. 16.— The Ranger, or
derad. to j Panama this ; .morning, hastily
took on r board supplies for her trip and
Kitchener Reports a Disaster to a Party of French's
Forces While They Were Proceeding to
Join a Column Near Bethesda.
FIFTY BRITISH SCOUTS
CAPTURED BY THE BOERS
One. of the strongest candidates for tha
presidency is believed to be Horace G.
Burt, president of the Union Pacific. Mr.
Burt Is a railroad man second to none in
reputation and ability and Is high In the
good graces of Harriman and that gentle
man's following. In fact Harriman has
such confidence in the ability of Mr. Burt
that he placed the reconstruction of the
Central Pacific in Burt'a hands, which
action on the part of Harriman was one
of the several causes of complaint on tho
part of Hays. Samull Felton of the Chi
cago and Alton is also mentioned for the'
place. Mr. Felton's chances, however,
are considered but small by those on the
Inside.
• The reasons that have led up to the
resignation of Mr. Hays have already
been printed in The Call. Briefly they
may be said to be his general dissatisfac
tion with a position which has been
shorn of most of Its power and authority.
Owing ; to the influence of the .Union Pa
cific element, which is entirely subordi
nated to Harriman. Hays has, from time
to time, had his powers curtailed until
now he is little more than a mere figure
head. He has seen both Stubbs and Her-
Burt, a likely Candidate.
On the other hand Randolph is a warm
favorite of Huntlngton'a, and the ability
he displayed In his conduct of the Tucson
end of the business has raised him high
in the estimation of the man whose name
Is now such a power In the world of rails.
It was at the urgent request of Mrr Hun
tington that Randolph resigned the super
intendency of the Tucson division to tak»
charge of Huntlngton's street car line*
in Los Angeles, and it is an assured fact
that he will be called from that place to
assume the management of the greater
railway concern If Huntington once gets
In a position where he can do as ha
pleases. -
If, however, Mr. Huntington does be
come president it is almost a certainty
that General Manager Kruttschnitt will
follow Hays into retirement and that
Epes Randolph, who formerly had charge
of the Tucson division of the Southern
Pacific, will be the one who will* succeed
him. It Is a well-known fact that there
is not much love existing between Hunt
ington and Kruttschnitt and that when
the nephew of his uncle was assistant to
the president there was not always that
absence of friction between the two which
should characterize a well-ordered execu
tive department of a big corporation.
The name of the man who will step into
Hays" place Is still a matter of conjec
ture. That H. E. Huntington will be the
one who will take up the reins of gov
ernment is by no means certain. Mr.
Huntington is thoroughly In touch with
all the details of active management. • He
has the confidence of the controlling in
terests and the strong friendship and sup
port of Harriman. Yet Mr. Huntington
has often expressed himself on this Very
subject and all of his utterances have
been against any such arrangement.
Furthermore, since the death of his uncle
his own private concerns have so thor
oughly taken up his time and require to
much of his attention that it Is doubtful
if he would be able to take upon his
shoulders such a burden as the presi
dency of the consolidated systems with
out greatly sacrificing his private inter
ests. .<*'"'
The telegram comes from a source
whose reliability cannot be doubted and
it states positively and unequivocally that
the resignation of Sir. Hays is now In the
hands of his superiors. Moreover, there
seems to be every likelihood that the man
who will succeed Hays will be president
of both the Union and Southern Pacific
systems and that the two roads will be
consolidated under one management that
will eventually give the traveling public
a half day service between this
city and Chicago and will place one ex
ecutive officer^ at the head of the syn
dicate line., \
N"ot Likely to Be Huntington. •
For several days past rumors based on
earlier stories published in. the columns
of this paper have been floating wildly
about the street. These rumors have
heretofore lacked positive confirmation,
and the best the public had to go by. was
the wild guesses of this man and that
man; nothing was stated as a certainty.
The wires 'between this city and New
York were kept hot with inquiries, but as
Harriman himself was absent from the
Eastern metropolis no authentic news
was received until yesterday afternoon,
when one of the local railway magnates
received a * dispatch containing absolute
confirmation of the story.
Charles M. Hays has resigned from the
presidency of the Southern Pacific road.
This* is positive and is exactly what The
Call a month ago predicted would happen.
As Predicted by The Call the Curtai!-
xnent of His Po-wrers Will Re
sult in His Retire
ment.
Refuses to Longer Continue
as a Mere Figurehead
for the Company.
Southern Pacific Presi
dent Give3 Up His
Position.
RESIGNATION
OF C. M .HAYS
NOW A FACT
SAN FRANCISCO,: SATURDAY, AUGUST 17; 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VENEZUELA AND COLOMBIA ARE BOTH BLAMED
FOR THE STRIFE IN THE SOUTHERN REPUBLICS
VOLUME XC-NO. 78.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
TWO WARSHIPS ORDERED TO PAN
AMA And scenes where revo-,
... LUTION IS IN PROGRESS. • ,Continued From Page One.
MOST SEVERE ABOUT MOBILE.
The gems were the property # of Mrs.
Bibb. Mr. Bibb is the, well-known lum
ber dealer of San Francisco, and his home
In the valley is one of the handsomest In
this county. :r '~'; y^'v
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 16.— One of the
most daring 'robberies ever committed in
this county took place in Mill : Valley *on
Wednesday night, when thieves broke
into the home of D. H. Bibb and stole
diamonds to the value of more than $1000.
Great secrecy has been-' maintained by
the officials in the hope that the. thieves
may ' be" captured." Several detectives ' are
now seeking the stolen jewels. Because
of the boldness of the work the perpetra
tors of the theft are believed to be ex
perienced burglars.- ' '¦ ' . '.'¦¦ '.'. ••
Ejjecial Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. D. H. Bibb Mourns
the Loss of a fc .Col
le<5feion of Gems.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 16.— R. W. Adams,
aged 20 years, an employe of the Los An
geles Times, was thrown from a railroad
velocipede this morning near Hobart Sta
tion on the Salt Lake road,, and killed.
He was en route to Long Beach to de
liver papers, and it is supposed the veloci
pede struck a stone or loose rail, as the
road is being reballasted at the point
where, the accident occurred.
Hurled From Railroad Velocipede.
REDDING. Aug. 15.— Stephen A. Meek
refused $20,000 this morning for a mine
in the Quarts Hill district, in this county,
the ledge of which was discovered a year
ago by his 14-year-old son while the boy
was at play. At the time of the discov
ery Meek was a poor miner, working for
wages at the Panter & LHsch mine in the
Old Diggings district. While at play one
day in the weeds about 100 yards from tho
Meek home the young boy discovered a
email ledge. He was a miner by instinct
and appreciated his find enough to show
it to his father. Meek began to develop
the mine.- It was made; to pay. and the
fortunate owner is now reaping the re
ward of- his labor and his. faith in. his
eon's sagacity by returns from ore
chipped to the smelter at Keswick, dis
tant four miles. The shipments already
made have given an average of $30 per ton.
Boy's Find Enriches Father.
The elected and appointed chiefs were
then raised up by Josiah Sims, P. G. S.,
after which a vote of thanks was passed
to the daily press, to J. H. Hutaff of the
press committee and to Henry A. Chase,
P.G. S., for assistance to the great chief
of records during the year. •
The: fire was then quenched and there
was an open meeting to which the mem
bers of the deeree of Pocahontas* were in
vited and there was the' presentation to
F.' D. Brandon, the retiring great sachem.
Laws and usage— G. TV. Lovie. "William Gold
man, T. D. . Higgins, J. IL Rlppe, E. B. .Wil
son. . - - . • '
State of otder— W. T. Lyon. J.J.. Bradley.
S. -Berel.'.C.'fS. Davis. E. R.- Suaveley? »«-»*-
Charter: and petitions— D. A. Dunlap, J.
Thompson; W. E. Keith, R. H. Childers.
Correspondence— H." Chase, H. Rohrbacker, F.
L. Merpuire. U C. Miller. J. J. Miller.
Decree of Pocahontas — Rew, J. ¦ Harmon. F.
W. Matteson, W. C. Rowley. G. W. Todd.
C.< Lestreto, great £annap;'F. C. Hunt, great
Mlshinewa; T. H. Sellers, great guard of wig
.wam: L. ¦ Richards, great guard of /orest. , j
' Committee on credentials — H. S. Story, CM."
Lewis, A. Seelig. ' ¦ ..
Finance— H. Gutstadt, L. C. Bertin, TV. F.
Connolly, J. "W. ' Bredhoff, . G. S. Graham.
' Appeals and grievances — O. F. Seavey. XV.
Lang, . J. M. Burke, /L.. Whitman,. C. A.
Kaighan.
- Legislation— J. Sims, W. Rotrosky, . B. F.
Ledford, J. C. Ruddick. A.. D. Mason.
Dlstrlbutlon^F. A. Whipple, J. P. Newman,
F. Burr. ' , ¦ ..
Officers and Committees.
der of merit as follows : Yosemite, Ra
mona, Alfarata and Pocahontas. , : The
prize went to the Yosemite team, of which
H~ H. Cole is captain.. "..::'• ', r .
r The prize of ; $100. for the largest per
centage of Increase, was divided between.
Cherokee Tribe of Berkeley and Sitting
Bull Tribe of Healdsburg. . ¦.'("¦
. Tho'sum of $1500 .was set , aside for ex
tension of the order during the year, :the
per-capita tax being fixed at $1. > --.'¦";.
The great sachem-elect, James Boyes,
announced: the following appointed offi
cers and committees:' .. ¦: '*''
BUMS STEAL
HER DIAMONDS
The great representatives were; request
ed to have the Great Council of the Unit
ed States prepare a degree for past Poca
hontases. ¦ , .. ¦- '¦¦¦"> '¦ '. !
The committee on the exemplification of
the adoption degree by the teams- of coun
cils of the degree of Pocahontas, in the
competition for a banner reported the or-
THE two great councils of the Im
proved Order^ of ¦ Red Men • have
quenched the*-'" council fires and
have returned , to ithelr respective
wigwams to--'teir"of the long- and
short"; talks that were given and the legis
lation enacted, by the "wise ~ men and
women of the two branches of the order.
At the session of the '¦ tribes yesterday
it was decided to offer two prizes— ?60 and
$40— to the tribes making the greatest per
centage of increase. The prizes for com
petitive drill in the chief's degree was
fixed at ?75 and $50. ; , " • ""¦ " .'¦':"'¦
The report of the committee on- honored
dead was received \ and ; adopted by a
standing Vvote. . ' -^T \ '. ' - ;
The report of the judges on competitive
drill in the adoption degree was that the
points had been counted In. the following
order: Pocahontas Tribe, Manzanita, Al
tahmos, Mancopah, Red Jackel, *'¦ Pawnee
and Montezuma. The prize of $100 was
awarded to Pocahontas. ' The officers of
the winning team are : -.. < ••* . J.;\ :
J. Samuels, sachem and captain; R. . F. :
"Reed, senior sagamore; W. F. Connolly,
junior sagamore ; - : A. Briggs," prophet ; H.
F. ; Graham and C. M. Taber, sannaps;
C. H. Williams, 5 W. 'A. McDowell, F. Jones
and W. Ernst.V braves: C. 'H: Yearian." W.
C. Hanke, A." Brown and W. 5 Yearian,
braves; T. Fink and G. B. Merrill, sceuts.
It was decided to \ continue . the official
organ of the order on -the same lines as
during the past year under the" direction
of Great Chief of, Records Bliss.' .
Changes Made in the Postoffice Ser
vics and Some New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.— The Postof
fice Department to-day issued the follow
ing: Postoffices established: California—
Cooperstown. Stanislaus County, Louise
E. Adams, Postmaster; Piedmont, Ala
meda County, Julia M. Eckstein, Post
master. Postofflce name changed: Wash
ington— Orondo, Douglas County, to Riv
erview, Ames H- Mason. Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Theren B. Pierson, Dale. Oregon— Maude
Morris, Hamilton. Appointed: Washing
ton—G. Y. Kure. Duncan, Spokane Coun
ty, vice Grant Carroll, resigned; Jessie
Johnson, North Cove. Pacific County, vice
L. A. Johnson, resigned.
The following pensions were granted:
California; Original— Joseph Watts, San
Francisco, $8: Charles N. Bartlett, Vete
rans' Home. Napa, $12. Increase— William
Wheeler Gcetschins, Veterans' Home,
Napa. $12.
Oregon: Original— Joseph S. Browne
well, Portland, $6; David R. Frey, Myrtle
Point. $4. . Widows— Almira Swalley.
Prineville, $S; Mary E. Thayer, Oregon
City, $S.
Washington: Original— Monroe Mat
thews, Maltby, $5. Increase— James Law
rence, Seguin. $S; Malcolm Redd. " Ritz
vllle. $10. Widows— Mary . Robertson,
Palous-e, $3; Mary C. Cowan, Ethel. $8. .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
LOP THE PACIFIC ¦ COAST
PAST SACHEM AND CAPTAIN' OF ALTAHMOS TRIBE OF THE IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN, WHO WITH
HIS FELLOW CHIEFTAINS WAS TENDERED A BANQUET BY •' THE - BRAVES IN APPROVAL OF THE
WORK DURING: THE PAST YEAR. '., '\ * : , -, '
j SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. .,1«.— This
city was visited to-day by a. terrific sand
and rain storm. A violent wind was blow
ing-all afternoon • and dust and ,. leaves
were carried hundreds of feet into the
air, obscuring the heavens. While the
wind was at Its worst rain commenced
falling in sheets, resembling a cloudburst
more than a raip storm. .
. Reports received from the mountains
show that -the downpour there was even
heavier than in the valley. Santa Ana
River has become a torrent and the same
is true of other mountain streams.
Out on the desert the storm played
havoc. 'Several washouts ' are reported
along the Santa Fe route. At Oro Grande,
about forty-nine miles northeast of this
city, a considerable stretch of track Is
under water. Farther north, near
Tehach.ipi, more washouts are reported
and all Santa Fe trains from San Fran
cisco and the East" are delayed. ; The
thunder storm damaged the telephone
and telegraph service in and around this
city. The Postal Telegraph wire across
the desert is down and the Sunset Tele
phone wire to Redlands is broken In four
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 16.— Another-big
rain storm occurred on the Tehacnapl
mountains to-night and there wel^e two
landslides on the Southern Pacific tracK
near Cameron, half way down the mount
ain. The tracks are completely covered
by earth and it will be some time before
they are cleared. All trains over the
hill were abandoned to-night and the Owl
was sent over the Coast division. Traffic
will be diverted to the Coast division un
til after the track Is cleared. A sand
storm prevailed here this evening and
showers of rain fell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Washouts on . tKe [ Desert
Delay All Santa Fe r .
V r ; Trains, r- ,
¦an "order for a number of books lor his
' library. • .
\ , Banquet ,to Chiefs.
m Last evening Altahmos Tribe No. 87
.- tendered a banquet -in a downtown res
tauran^to Captain V. F. Northrup, P. S.,
1 1 and' the - ; members of ' the degree team of
.. the .'tribe and to the great -chiefs of the
• order.' There were present Past Great
Sachems Henry A. Chase, Fred Brandt,
George W.Lovle, Josiah, Sims, E. B. Wil
son, the . recently * elected great chiefs,
Past Sachems ,. A. ¦ B.- Mason of Nevada
City, C. ,S. Davis of ' Angels Camp, T.
Furgeson | of Dutch Flat; Jacob Fowzer
' and Harry Gleason of .- this city. Each
A Veritable Cloudburst
Follows a Terrific
RED MEN QUENCH COUNCIL FIRES
AND RETURN TO THEIR WIGWAMS
End of the Big Annual Powwow of the Chiefs Is Marked by a
Love Feast— Daughters of Pocahontas Also Adjourn.
YOUTHS MURDER
YOURG COMRADE
San Diego Lad the Vic
tim of a Brutal
Assault.-
Assassins Kick Him From a
Box Car After Mortally
Wounding Him.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SEATTLE, Aug. 16,— Adolph Schreiber,
aged 22 years, who was found yesterdayi
morning at the point of death near Cov
ington, is dead. Schreiber died from the
effects of a brutal assault. When picked
up by employes of the railroad company
he had Iain paralyzed for twelve hours
from the effect of four bullet wounds.
The young man had been employed in the
Morgan Mill at Lester and was beating
his way to Tacoma, where he expected '.o
engage in new employment. Before he
died he was able to give a full account of
¦what cccurred.
When the "freighter" arrived at Cov
ington it stopped for a brief time. While
the train was standing two- young men
about his own age approached him and
cajoled him into entering a box car. After
the youthful murderers had him securely
in their power they simultaneously drew
revolvers and ordered. "Hands up." The
young- man hesitated in complying in this
and was shot through both arms, causing
them to drop to his sides. At this junc
ture, the victim said in a dying breath,
his assailants proceeded to rifle his pock
ets, obtaining $18.
After having been robbed Schreiber
tried to run. whereupon two more shots
were flred, both taking effect in his left
side. He was then kicked from the box
car and lay paralyzed and half conscious
for twelve hours. He was found the next
morning.
• Schreiber's mother, who lives in San
Diego, has been notified by -wire of her
son's death. The body was Brought to
Seattle to-night from Leary, 1 Wash.,
whither the wounded man was taken aft
er having been discovered. Xo arrests
have been made. ; '-.,.v '.">»-".
BLOOIffS OF SANTA CBUZ
IN .BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY
Great Throng of Visitors at the Sea-
side City Views the Floral
Exhibit.
SAXTA CRUZ. Augr. 16.— The people of
this city had a revel in a "fire of flowers
and glowing grasses" to-day when the
floral exhibit in the rooms of the Free
Library was opened. The blooms on ex
hibition were the rarest in the county and
included everything from the reddest of
garden roses to the strong sea daisies
that feast on the sun along the incompar
able cliff drive.
A great crowd of visitors was present.
The general arrangement was in charge
of H. Hesler of Chicago and Miss E. W.
Boston of this city. Miss M. Waterman,
librarian, and Miss Mabelle Chace, the
assistant librarian, had also been untiring
in their efforts to make the display a suc
ces?s. -
E. Lcedham, who 5s acknowledged to be
the leading grower of dahlias in the Stats,
had an immense collection on display. In
his garden he has 200 varieties and near
ly all were in evidence to-day. The May
or of the city, who is a lover of flowers,
had a table. On it were palms, delicate
ferns and a large variety of immense car
nations, all of which were outdoor pro
ducts. His collection of gloxinias was va
ried and g-orpeous in color. He also had
pome immense tube roses, begronias and
some pretty sweet peas. Thomas Thomp
son exhibited many pots of ferns, pome
irr.mense carnations and some fine East
ern golden rod. His collection of roses
¦was especially worthy of note.
The exhibit of ferns by Miss E. "W. Bos
ton is of wondrous beauty. Miss Boston
has made a study of the cultivation of
ferns a.nd rare mosses, and the success of
her endeavors Is apparent in the beautiful
display she has made. Her ferns are ali
of out of door growth and of surprising
size and delicacy.
Paul Wench showed an assortment of
gladiolas and sweet peas. E. King's spe
cialties were asters of several shades, also
en assortment of other flowers. P. Thrift
showed about thirty varieties of dahlias,
and Mr. Miller over fifty varieties of this
flower.
Experimental Beet Crop a Success.
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 16.— The pick-
Ing of beets is now well under way in an
experimental field in the Goleta Valley.
A gang of toppers is up from Oxnard. and
a car of beets per day Is the shipment
record so far. Judge William Roberts
said to-day that the beets were yielding
from 15 to 27 per cent of sugar. They are
of the finest quality, although lack of late
rains made them email. About 1500 tons
•will be the result of the experiment.
Plans are already being made looking to
the planting of a large acreage in Goleta
next year. '¦'.¦¦'
STORM DAMAGES
SAN BERNARDINO
EQUALIZERS GO
ON THE WARPATH
Hot Words Characterize
the State' Board's
Meeting.' :0-
Chairman Brown and Beamer
Exchange Compliments
i& With Toland.
one who attended was presented with one
of the novel menu cards printed in deer
skin.
After the dinner Merton C. , Allen, - the
toastmaster, . called upon the . Knicker
bocker quartet for vocal music. Then fol
lowed the toasts, which were:
'i l"Our Great Chief," James Boyes, G. S.;
"The Degree of Pocahontas." Josiah
Sims, P. G. S.; "The Press," Ernest C.
Stock; "Our District Deputy," S. Gold
man; ; "Our Tribe,". J. H. Hutaff; "Our
First Sachem," "W. T. Lyons.
'; -.Then followed music by T. W. B. Swan,
recitation, by E. Lastreto and a few re
marks by Porter L. BJiss, G. C'of R.;
J. R. Tyrell, G. S. S.; Thos. Roche, G. J.
S.; F. D. Brandon. G. P.; W. J. Smith, G.
T.; D. Oliver Jr., Drs. F. B. Petrie, K. A.
Kane, Matrel and H. E. Neimer.
Pocahontas Council.
In the Great Council of the Degree of
Focahontas tho per capita tax was fixed
at 25 cents. «
. A set of resolutions appropriate to the
memory of the late Nora Klenk, who was
the first great Pocahontas. were ordered
printed on silk and framed, the same to
be kept in the office of the great keeper of
records, except during the session of the
Great Councl}. when . it , shal\ be placed
In the long ho«se ' in- which the "session is'
held.
The appointed chiefs and those elected
were raised up by Hattie Whippel, P. G.
P., assisted by Past .Great Pocahontas
Sarah Gutstadt and Carrie L». Johnson.
This was followed by the presentation
of a handsome pin to Jennie TVelsel, the
junior past- great Pocahontas.
There was also the presentation of a
basket of red and white roses to Jamea
Boyes, the great sachem, in return for
the candy presented early during the ses
sion. : ¦>
The appointed officers are:
r M.'- Craya and I. Wheeler, scouts: Capltola
Burg, guard of the forest; M. Austem, guard
of the wigwam; Mrs. P. t». Bliss and A. D.
Campbell, runners; pianist, M. Jury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 15.-Hot words,
but no bloodshed, characterized the meet
ing • of the State Board of Equalization
to-day, the quarrel being between Chair
man Alexander Brown and Equalizer
Beamer on the one side and Equalizer
Toland • on the other. Equalizers- L. H.
Brown j and Colgan maintained discreet
silence.
The real ; trouble orislViated with the re
marks made by Equalizer Toland at the
time of tho assessment of railroads some
weeks ago, when he reflected upon the
action of other 'members of the board in
refusing to assess certain branch or spur
lines contained entirely , within certain
counties and "assessed by^the County As
sessors. ¦ :" - <¦ . ¦ \~
The excuse' for the discussion to-day
was a remark made by Toland in response
to Chairman Brown. -Equalizer Beamer
had moved to cite certain counties before
the board, to state what reason, if any.
there was why their assessment should
not be raised. Toland went into a lengthy
explanation of why he did not second the
motion, which Beamer . interrupted, say
ing that his motion . had received no sec
ond and he, -therefore, saw no necessity
for the discussion. ' ¦
Chairman Brown— While .this matter is up
I want to say right now and here that at the
time the matter of the assessment of railroads
was before the board -you used language that
was Insulting to this board, which reflected in
a constructive sense upon Us integrity. You
at that time impugned the motives of the
members. of the board and in direct language
stated that the board took its Judgment from
Mr. Ryan of the Southern Pacific. I want to
have you understand that I regard such lan
guage as you used as ungentlemanly and en
tirely uncalled for. It was not at all in keep
ing with the respect due to your colleagues.
Mr. Toland— That is merely your opinion and
vour opinion has nothing- to do with the case.
Brown Threatens Toland.
Chairman Brown— I want to say right here.
Mr. Toland, that if you at any other time
use such language I- for my part Bhall settle
it right then and there. . , - .
Mr. Toland— I am ? responsible for ; what' I
say and am ready, to answer for. my state
ments- at any time and any place..- . , ¦
Mr. Beamer— I am sorry- that this matter
csme up to-day in this way, but now that it
Is up, I want to say that I felt pretty keenly
one remark which Mr. • Toland made at the
time referred to.- When' he said we took our
figures and jurisdiction from Black Ryan; I
felt that he was going altogether too far and
showing very little consideration . for the feel-r
ing ' of . members of .'this .board. I felt that
he had no right to say such a thing. He had
no right to think it and. if he did think it he
should show some respect for the - feelings of
his colleagues. The statement was unneces
sary and was neither fair nor right. I ! think
that statement, at least, should be modified.
I don't see any call. for it. I am governed in
my action upon this board simply and solely
by my own conscience and I object strenuously
to Mr. Toland's taking the occasion he did,
with a hired assassin of men's characters sit
ting there to write It up to his glorification an<l
to our detriment. ¦ ' >
Mr. ' Toland— The words I used were based
upon facts and were argumentative. They
were based upon the fact that roads were
assessed by county Assessors which were not
assessed by this board. Those were the- facts
and I cannot change them.
Puts a Hypothetical Question.
Mr. Beamer— You started this "trying lan
guage," Mr. Toland. You have shown very
little consideration for the feelings of your
associates. Now, suppose that when you were
making that parade and when you said that
we took our jurisdiction from Black Ryan, I
had said you -were taking your Jurisdiction
from the San Francisco Examiner, which would
not live up to its contract with the .railroad,
would you not have replied in pretty strong
language?
Mr. Toland — If you said that I -would have
said that I was using my own jurisdiction and
that you were saying that which was not a
fact iV-i-viiv;
Mr. Beamer— And in so doing you would have
reflected upon .ray word, and I would not have
stood that for one moment.
The discussion was : dropped at this
point. Controller Colgan interrupting to
second a motion made by L.. H. Brown at
the start to accept the figures of assess
ment given by the county Auditors, except
in the case of Modoc County, which has
not reported, and to accept the Assessor's
figures in that county 'for the purpose of
State assessment. The motion was car
ried, Beamer alone voting "No."
At the opening of the session L. H.
Brown made the motion which was finally
carried, but at that time it received no
second. He moved that the Calaveras,
Fresno, Glenn, • Kern, Kings, Madera,
Merced, San Joaquin, Solano, Stanislaus,
Tehama, Sutter, Yolo and Yuba counties
be cited to appear before the board and
give reasons why their assessment should
not be lowered. v - ' .
Continued From Page One.
PRESIDENT HAYS' RESIGNATION,
SAN JOSE, Aug. 16.— Benjamin F.
Smith, janitor of the Santa Clara High
School, died this morning from injuries
received " in falling from a second-story
window which he was cleaning last even
ing. He is survived by a widow and five
year-old child. •
Killed by a Fall.
GUEST BATTLES
WITH A THIEF
LOST IN WILDS
OF CAJON PASS
San Bernardino Rancher
and a Companion
Missing.
Bloody Encounter in a
Hotel in Santa
0 Paula.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNADINO, Aug. 16.— Friends
of J. D. Lakin and "Charles Wiezer are
apprehensive! over their whereabouts.
Laltln owns a ranch in Lytle Creek can
yon and is a well-known prospector.
Three weeks ago Lakin started out to
find^a yucca field, accompanied by Weiz
er." A friend named Baldridge promised
to remain at the ranch until their return,
four days later. A week passed and the
two failed to put in an appearance. The
provisions at the ranch house gave out
and Baldridge returned to this city. .
The Ames brothers visited the ranch
three days ago. >. They say there was no
sign of life there, nor thas any one else
seen the-misslng men, so far as is known.
Lakin and Welzer went In the direction
of Cajon- Pass, but as both are thorough
ly familiar with that section. of the coun
try it is believed they will in time return
in safety. ¦ . , _. .
small hbuse on the island and were res
cued by a searching party.
Several launches and naphtha launches,
owned here and at Portersville, are re
ported wrecked^and .thd canning-: factory
at Bayou La Batre, on ¦ the southern
shore, is -damaged. , ¦ .-— ' i .
All the. wharves and bathhouses at
Port Clear,- eastern shore of the bay, were
washed away. . •': ; ' ' . ' ' ; .
The bay shell road, the '¦ noted drive on
the western" shore of the bay, was wash
ed out for a. distance of half a. mile. and
the entire road is covered with logs and
driftwood. ;i;:;-< \JS'~~ . "-:
SAN FRAKTCISCO GIRL . '
ARRESTED FOB STEALDiG
"Loots a Santa Rosa Lodging-House
Room and Is Sent to a Prison
-CelL
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 16.— A 16-year-old
girl, giving the name of Grace Rice of
San Francisco, was arrested here I to-day
on a charge that she had taken articles^of
wearing apparel from ' a lodging-houke.
She had engaged a room for a few- nwir.
utes to change her clothing and when -the
landlady went to get- a needle and thread
for . her Miss Rice fled with a- couple*, of
skirts, some underwear, a hat and . other
articles. She took them to a restaurant
and ,,was ' there arrested.
• The girl says a horseman brought her to
Santa , Rosa and that she . ran * away ' from
her mother, with whom' she had a quar
rel. Her companion deserted her, leaving
her penniless. She intended to pawn the
articles stolen and procure a ticket' back
to San Francisco. ' She "is a pretty girl. ' ;
* Miss Rice refuses to. give the street ad
dress of , her mother', but says -she ; . and
her mother are well known in San Fran
cisco and that she is a music teacher by
occupation. .-¦¦•• :-'\rv ; '¦/.- •"" •; " ''-:¦
t Special DIepateh to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 16.— S. E. Knapp
of this city and a burglar had a desperate
fight at 3 o'clock this m6rningr in the
Petrolia Hotel at Santa Paula,' Mr. Knapp
now lies severely wounded at his home in
this city, suffering from numerous knife
thrusts received during the encounter. '
\'I got into Santa Paula last evening
and. registered at the Petrolia Hotel," said
Mr. Knapp to-night. "I retired early. It
must have been about ! 2 o'clock ¦ in the
morning when I was awakened by a' slight
noise and at once became aware "that 'ah
attempt was being j maMe • - to rob me.
Springing out of bed, I saw a man with
my trousers in his hands, making for the
window. I threw myself upon him just
as he was about to jump out and crashed
against the casing, i breaking it into a
thousand . pieces. Then we clinched and
staggered around the room, each trying
to throw the other, until we fell against
the 'other .window, . breaking that also v
Finally : I managed to throw the fellow
and got on top of himJ" He drew a. knife
from somewhere about his person and
made a* vicious dig at me. . •
" 'Let me go or I'll kill you,' .he said;
'I- haven't got your money.'
"But I was determined to have him and
held on, crying for help all the time. He
got one arm loose and attacked me sav
agely, with the knife, inflicting a half
doz^n wounds before I let him up. I felt
the blood running. down my arm and from
a cut in my\ face, but was so excited and
angry that I experienced no pain. When
I released him he made another dive for
the window, but I caught at his feet and
he 'cut at me • again. Realizing that I
; would be killed if I, held him longer I let
go 1 and, he made his escape through the
.window, which opened into the hall.
"The -whole house was aroused by the
noise of the scuffle and : : my cries, and
when I reached the hall I saw the burglar
running past a dozen sleepy and startled
guests. -They "made no attempt- to stop
him and the fellow sped down the front
stairs of the hotel, : through the office and
past the landlord out into the street. An
other man rushed put ¦ and said; he had
been robbed of ?35. '¦ His room ' was '. two
doors from mine and he-had left his door
open,- owing to the heat of the night."- ;
Girl's Mother His Accuser.'
. SAN . RAFAEL, Aug. 16.— Robert Ruth
erford,- an, 18-ycar-old ' Sausalito boy, was
arrested 1 late tbis afternoon by.Constable
Treanor on a "charge preferred ¦ by Mrs.
Mercy Nye of Corte ' Madera. ' Mrs.' '• Nye
alleges that '. Rutherford, took- liberties
with her daughter, Emma Nye, who is al
leged to be under 16 years of age.
Found Dead Beside -the Rails.
. SAN RAFAEL, Aug. : 16.— Stephen Sted
man, a resident of -Camp- Taylor* for the
.last- forty years, was found, dead this
morning beside the : North Pacific .Coast
Railroad. He was 63 years old and leaves
a widow, and four* children." An inquest
will be held to-morrow.. •. . . .: •
Robbed by a Negro : Footpad.
; SACRAMENTO,. Aug." 16.—James>Bran
nan'^who.lives at Clarksourg,' Tolo ; Coun
ty, was ; held Mip 'in j this' city at \ i • o'clock
this ? morning? by • a', negro \ footpad,- who
stabbed him - twice : in the left side '>. and
robbed him of $8. ' Brannan is now in the
County Hospital. ;
SIX LIV£S ARE LOST.
Orleans.
Fatalities Occur in Vicinity of New
NEW. ORLEANS,* Aug.' 16.— The .storm
has passed and seems to have •done no
great damage anywhere ¦ except ' along the.'
river below the city, six fatalities , occur
ring near the river's mouth. In -the. city
the only injury was to, the Lakeside re
sorts and . to" the section : flooded •' by the
break in " a' canal bank,' which was "closed
before .'morning.,-* Rice and orange farms
on the lower coast were' severely injured.
./The inhabitants there -believe ; that ' they
were struck by a tidal -'.wave,- -combined
with a cyclone. . The . lives lost were half
a mile ,above quarantine; ... A- large -house
was- overturned 1 , with- fifteen people : in it
and ' Mrs; • "Walker, i her. 10-year-old '. daugh
ter, Ida /Walker, Ml3s , Birdie . Cobden and
Miss * Ella ¦ Cobden • were ' drowned." .-. The
crew of the tugboat I Biloxl , sought refuge
a few hundred yards away," and '. two of
the Bailors^-Blaine' Davidson and- Peter
.Yea— were = drowned and the boat lost. ,
Brakeman Succumbs to Injuries.
. SACRAMENTO, Aug. 16.— I. C. Ross, a
brakemanl'.whb ¦ had' his skull crushed , by
a train at Salva.'on!" the'. Central'.* Pacific
Railroad; last - , "Wednesday, . died at ¦ the
Railroad Hospital in this city last night. ..;
2
¦-¦... .¦ - ¦ * ' ' _ -. .'" • \ . A.'..--
TttiS SAK FKAJifCISCO: C^LLi, SATORDAY, 17^ 1901.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— While it can be
stated on good authority that President
Hays of ..the Southern Pacific Company
has resigned action In the matter will not
be taken until the return of Mr. Harri
man, who la now absent from the city.
Resignation Not Yet Accepted.
rin supersede him in th© confidence of
Harriman and -has been mortified by
having his appointments questioned and
opposed - and his suggestions overridden
by the advice of others. .
Hays is not the sort of a man to stand
this sort of treatment and his resignation
is the climax of a series ot ineffectual
protests against the treatment to which
he has been subjected, a treatment that
The Call has noted at various times and
¦which this paper predicted would lead to
the upheavel which has now taken place.
ADVERTISEMENT \
MEN WANTED
— y
1OO PILE-DRIVERS, \
10 FOREIVIEN,
10 ENGINEERS.'
Wages to experienced fore-
men, $5.00 per day;, engineers,
$4.00 per day; pile-drivers, $3.50
per day. Men without . previous
experience from $2.50 to $300
per day.
Men from the interior, if prov-
ing satisfactory, will have rail-
road fare refunded after working
two weeks. • \
All men accepting work under
this advertisement and giving
satisfaction will be given prefer-
ence in future work.
Bridge and Wharf Baflder s' Em-
ployers' Association,
Room 8, No. A California Street,
San Francisco.
~ j : ; : i '
ONE THOUSAND MEN
WANTED!
SAILORS,
STEUEDORES,
fe • LABORERS.
Steady employment
and good wages if work
is satisfactory.
Apply
LUMBER DEALERS' ASSN.,
209 Examiner BId£.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS^
London Guarantee
and Accident
COMPANY, Limited,
OF . LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. I>. 1900, and . for th«
year ending on that "day, a.3 made to tb« In-
surance Commissioner of tho State of Callfor- I
nla, pursuant to the provisions of Sections MO '
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS,
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company Jl.011,703 40
Cash in Company's Office 899 09
Cash In Bank3 50.OCO 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,724 03
Premiums In duo Course of Collec-
tion 99,193 33
Total Assets 8.171,519 90
LIABILITIES. '
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense M3.839 SO
Losses resisted, including: expenses.. 24a, SW 00
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $ : reinsur-
ance 50 per cent STS.21* 01
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, | ; rein-
surance pro rata 8.833 T7
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 4.4T* 85
Reinsurance (25 g%
All other liabilities 55,000 00
Total Liabilities „ 1741,223 04
INCOME. , =
Net cash actually received for pretn-
lums $913,051 »
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from,
all other sources 33,113 Si
Total income 1344.165 a
EXPENDITUKES. "
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing t losses of previous years). $410,885 S3
Remitted to Home Offlce 43.154 33
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 244.359 2X
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 40,125 08
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ; '14.81198
All other payments and. expendi-
tures 61,453 05
Total Expenditures $S2>.170 64
A- "W. MASTERS. General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn, to before me, this IStlx
day of January, 1901.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public
ED\A/.o7iL/\INDIS
General Agent,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
San Francisco. Cal.
Phone John 61.
Accident and Liability Insurance.
GOSOaHHGA AND UBI3ART DI3CHAR0S3
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
0K CHICHCSTKR'S ENCUSH
Pennyroyal pills
«» CHICHESTER^ E2JOIO«H
la UED and Cold mstillo £>£ A,!ed
with blue ribbon. Tnke no JftSjwfi
De^UteroB, 8ub.tlt.Uorti.id laiti.
SSS^. I" 7 » To ". r D ™«*«. « -na 4^ io
? arm MmlU 1 O.Ouo Txtlmaolali SoUbi
fc /PATENTS^ J
THE WEEKLY CALL
31 t>&v Year.
AD VESTISEMENTS.
Impaired Digestion
May. not be all that is meant by dyspepsia
now, but It will be if neglected.
The uneasiness after eating, fits ot nerv-
oaa headache, sourness ef the stomach, and
disagreeable belching may not be very bad
now, but they will be It "the stomach is
suffered to grow weaker.
Dyspepsia is such a miserable disease
that the tendency to it should be given
early attention; This is completely over-
come by
Hood's Sarsapqrilla
which strengthens thewhbie digestive system
DR.MEEiRS&'cO. M^M&o.
Specialist Diseasa W^f
and -weakness of 2gSl£& t 1
men. Established ipSpP' '
1S8L . Consultation ffifA
and. private book \
tree, at office or by 'tJjgt x^B&i
mall. Cures guar- ffi'^WZM)
acteed. 731 Alar-
ket street (eleva- j v^P^^*^''^
tor entrance), San J^L^J
Francisco. . '^ *^^^^
1 y a
ALASKA'S MOST REMARKABLE MURDER
BY UNITED STATES ATTORNEY-GENERAL ROBERT A. FRIEDRICH.
i ' ~' ***T******TT*!*********!**''********!'**********^ _. *
• _ | EXPERIENCES IN THE YAQUI • _. •
o g V; INDIAN COUNTRY. • •
e • BY JOSE DE OUVARES. § S *
j 8 VENEZUELA AND HER REVO- • I
S 3 LUTIOMS. | |
• • BY 0. F. VON RHEIN. 1 Q
9 9 ' •",>¦ : • O •
S 3 LITTLE PEOPLE OF THE PAN- 8 3
S S ft AMERICAN MIDWAY. 8 8
v - <P j i i ¦¦ ¦ i ¦ i i——. i — — — — . g> • '
8 S § •
O 9 i O O
• O t ¦ ¦ V • •
• § . . - 9' 9
O • 9 •
• ® jTy ABB' • ' • -
9 9 fl A B H O O
• • H /% II • 5
9 9 '"' 'L & %
g o - . WAS THE DEATH Or | •
o o BRITISH CONSUL PICKERS- 8 3
o o GILL FORETOLD? 3 3
2 2 — • • *
8 ©THE PEOPLE OF THE GOLF 8 8
8 3 AND POLO TOURNAMENT. 3 3
g# . _!__ 9 9
f g FASHIONS, BOOKS, STORIES 3 > ©
8 r- 1 8 OF HUMAN INI EREST. 1 J J
THE SAMPSON=SGBLEY CONTROVERSY
TR4NSCRPT OF OIFiCIAL MESSAGES THAT PASSED BETWEEN THEM OFF SANTIAGOWorks Perfectly*
Messages Are Sent and Received Without
Interruption, and the Marconi System
of the World When Two Hundred
Miles Remain to Be Traversed*
Incoming Passengers Receive All the News
COMMUNICATION BY WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY IS SUCCESSFULLY
ESTABLISHED BETWEEN NANTUCKET LIGHTSHIP AND THE LUCANIA,
CUTTING OFF MANY HOURS IN VOYAGE ACROSS THE ATLANTIC
! ! ]1 \ Bearings. - Distances.
SANKATY HEAD . X . .. .. N. % deg.W. 43 miles
Fire Island AL ........ W. H deg. N. i66miles
Sandy Hook : W. 24 deg. N. 193 miles
Gay Head ...... N.W.54 deg. N. 69 miles.
Woods Holl ... . _ 78miles
BEARINGS AND DISTANCES FROM NANTUCKET SHOALS LIGHTSHIP.
ROMHf, Aug. 16.— Favorable crop'reports
throughout Italy indicate the wheat pros
pect,'as slightly In excess of last season's
harvest of 42,000.000 hectoliters.. The, wine
outlook is also promising, there being no
disease affecting s the vines. For the first
times . in : several : seasons * the olive crop
will be. good ..and 'the prospects for hops,
corn . and ; rice are brmly bright.
Italy Fortunate in' Crops.
LONDON.' Aug. 17.— "The Italian Gov
ernment, will address a remonstrance to
the - American, Government."^ says the
Rome correspondent of th<7 Standard,
"concerning Consul Long's report deal
ing with ¦ the elleged commerce In slaves
on the JicU Sea and at Maasowah.. . It
has documentary proof . that the slave
traffic has ceased in the Interior and is
rigorously supervised on the Red Sea
coast." hMMMBK
Remonstrance Coming From Italy.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 16.— The funeral
of Seth^C; Boyd, took. place in this city
to-day. Services • were r conducted in St.
Paul's Episcopal Church by the Rev.
Wyllys Hall, , assisted by Rev. Arthur
Crosby. The -church -was crowded to the
doors with friends of - the - family. A
cadet corps of- the Mount Tamalpals
Military Academy acted as : pallbearers.
The interment took place in. the.Tamal
pals cemetery.
Funeral of Seth C. Boyd.
CALUMET, Mich.; Aug. 16.— The hang-
Ing rock in the •-,- twenty-eighth level of
shaft. 2 of; the Tamarack , mine fell last
night, killing three men and injuring two,
neither of whom may live. / ., ,
The dead are Richard Trezona, aged 28
years; John Simmons, 23 years; Mathew
Stainho. Austrian, aged 26 years. The In
jured are Samuel Jacobson,- a Finlander;
MatthewA. M. Ula. a Finlander. r -
Disaster in a Shaft at the Tamarack
in Michigan Ends /^j^
: / :'*':'-'.. '.' .;¦¦ -. Lives..- ¦ ¦-.,¦* .-.
FALLING HOCK -KILLS
THREE MEN IN.A MIST
LONDON. Aus.16.-S. G. Fraser. trie
Dublin -engineer,' who has prepared the
plans- for, the now harbor at Berehaven.
Bantry Bay, Ireland, in connection with
the proposed steamship line which Is to
have steamers capable of crossing the At
lantic .in four and a half days, said to-day
that' the line will consist of six large
steamers— four for the New York arid two
for the Canadian trade. The Canadian
port will be Sidney or 'Halifax. .".- .
By building slxty-flv^ miles of : railroad
and connecting Berehaven with all the
Irish lines the new company will be able
to take passengers and malls via 'Bere
haven to London in five days. The Eng
lish, port will be Liverpool or Southhamp
ton until the -• new works at Dover are
completed. Austin ¦ Chamberlain, Gerald
Balfour and George Wyndham. -respect
ively the Financial Secretary to the Treas
ury, the. president of the Board of Trade
and Chief Secretary for Ireland, besides
Lord James of: Hereford, Chancellor, of
the Duchy of Lancaster, actively support
ed the bill and advised silence on this side
of the Atlantic until the bill was passed.
Fraser .¦ says « ; much American,, capital is
interested in ithe scheme. , .
CHICAGO, Aug. 16.— Garhardt Terlinden
of Duisburg. Germany, accused of forgery
and embezzlement by the German Gov
ernment, was captured in Milwaukee by
Chicago .Plnkerton detectives and brought
to this city for safekeeping.
The prisoner is wanted by. the German
authorities on a charge of having forged
anil hypothecated 1,500,000 marks' worth
of charter* and securities, the property
of the. Garhard!-. Terlinden Company of
Duisburg. of- which he was manager. ' •
The business was a land : improvement
and investment enterprise, and it is said
that a great number of poor persons were
financially ruine-t by the alleged defal
cations of: the manager. ¦ The American
equivalent of the sum Herr Terlinden is
charged with having taken is $375,000. He
has. a considerable amount of money on
deposit i!i i Chicago banks.
The executive committee of the manu
facturers met to-day, but no Idea can be
given as to the time at which an agree
ment Will be reached, although they ex
pect- that the reduction will not be de
layed beyond September, nor will It be
modified as to the amount. The reason
given for the Tatter statement is that the
men who are behind the reduction move
ment believe that if any reduction Is jus
tifiable It must be large enough to allow
the mills to compete with : mills every
where, and, especially In the South.
To-night the executive committee of the
"Weavers* Association called a special
meeting to vote on the recommendation of
the Textile Council at its meeting last
night, i There Is no doubt that the mem
bers will vote to strike in opposition to
the reduction. The association has about
3000 members.
FALL RIVER, Mass., Aug. 16.— All tha
labor <unions in -the city will take the'
final step next week toward a declsionv
to resist by a strike the proposed cut In \
wages of 15 per cent.
Sir Ernest J Satow," ' the British Minister,
thinks It would not be wise to withdraw
before the r protocol has been signed In
conjunction with the Chinese plenipoten-.
tiaries.'.-ap withdrawal would remove .the
chief inducement to the Chinese to sign.
The Japanese still hold the northern sec
tion of the city. It Is considered signifi
cant of their relations ¦with the Chinese
that a Japanese colonel has been elected
to command .ind organize the Chinese
police.
.-. -The Dpimon is growing that the court
will refuse to return so long as the pow
ers maintain such large - forces in the
province of Chill.- The protocol does not
provide for the destruction of the forts,
the ministers of the powers having failed
to agr'.'o on this point.
PEKING, Aug. 16.— The troops of the
powers have not yet evacuated the pub
lic buiidir.gs. .The. British and Americans
propose to occupy the Temple of Heaven
and the Temple of Agriculture until their
barracks are ready.
Alleged Fugitive From
- Justice Arrested in
Milwaukee.
British Ship Project Sup
ported by Ameri
can Capital.*
Evacuation of Peking Is
Delayed by the v
Negotiations.
River Threaten to
Quit Work.
Labor Unions of Pall
YANKEE COIN
IS BEHIND IT
TROOPS HOLD
THE TEMPLES
CUT IN WAGES
MEANS STRIKE
The announcement of the project met with the most hearty approval of the
steamship people and the public generally, and most of the managers of the great
trans-Atlantic lines undertQok to have the several vessels of their respective
fleets equipped ¦with the Marconi system and to have their captains co-operate
to the fullest extent to bring out the greatest possible results.' They have as a
rule carried out their promises and their captains are prepared to "call" the Nan
tucket lightship while yet from 100 to 150 miles away and announce the approach
ing vessel.
. From the lightship the news will be at once transmitted by "wireless" to San
katy Head on Nantucket Island and thence by telephone and cable across that
island and Marthas Vineyard and the intervening waters to Woods Holl on the
mainland, whence the land, lines will carry it to the Herald office In. "New York
and The Call office in this city, and a few moments later, by bulletin and wire.
S the people of New York City and the rest of the country will have it And all
this' while the vessel is yet over 200 miles from Sandy Hook.
The possibilities of the Marconi system are yet untried. ¦ With this constant
practical evocation .of .Its possibilities one need not be surprised to hear from time
to time of new and more wonderful achievements. ,¦ * '"
The Call's efforts in the matter of wireless telegraphy for this coast will prob-.
ably soon result in having a system of reporting ships between the Farallones and
the Golden Gate; an innovation that will be of great benefit to the merchant ma
rine. - ¦ .
GERMANS CALL
HIM A FORGER
T^K system- of wireless telegraphy installed by the' New York Herald be
tween Sankaty Head on the island of Nantucket and the Nantucket
lightship out in the ocean forty-three miles away commenced its regular
work yesterday. It is now possible to hear of the ark-oach of inbound
ocean steamers twelve or fourteen hours, before they*reach New York
and to hear of them that long after they have left that harbor.
Most of the regular liners will be equipped with Marconi's apparatus and be
tween these and the Nantucket lightship communication can be had when they
are 100 miles or more farther out In the ocean. -. ' ' • •' « - ' ¦
Some months ago the New York Herald, moved, by the success achieved by
The Call in reporting by wireless telegraphy the ap roach of the Sherman with the
First California home bound from Manila in August. 1899, and its own success
with the same system on the occasion of the Columbia-Shamrock races . off
Sandy Hook later in the same year, conceived the idea of making permanent use
of the new system of transmission of .signals in reporting the arrivals and > de
partures of vessels from Nantucket lightship, which rides at anchor forty-three
miles south of Nantucket Island on the northern edge of the "lane" followed by
trans-Atlantic steamers and 166 miles beyond Fire Island, whence such reports
have heretofore come. .--«-. , • "¦'••¦
Formal permission was had from the Treasury Department to make use of the
lightship and the plans. for the work thereon'having been perfected and approved
by the lighthouse inspector for the district, the work was begun some weeks ago.'
MAP OF COUNTRY FROM NEW YORK TO NANTUCKET, SHOWING SHIPS AND TELEGRAPH STATIONS.
HEBALD'S OBSERVATION STATION, NANTTTCKET LIGHTSHIP, Aug. 16.-(By Marconi system-of
wireless telegraphy)— Cunard line steamship Lucania, Captain McKay, seventy-two miles east of Nantucket,
sends this message by Marconi wireless telegraphy to the station of inauguration of the Herald's service for
reporting incoming steamships and transporting messages to and from them:
"All well on board. We are 2 87 miles from Sandy Hook and with clear weather expect to reach Njw
York harbor Saturday. Please inform Cunard agents. "McKAT."
NAXTUCKET, Mass., Aug. 16.— Communication by
wireless telegraphy was established between the Nan
tucket lightship and the LucanlaTan Incoming steam
ship of the Cunard line, at 6 o'clock this evening, and
thus In effect many hours were cut from the ocean
voyage between Europe and America. Long before "they sight
ed land the Lucania's passengers were acquainted with the
world's news of the present week.
At the wireless telegraph station the instruments between
5 and 6 o'clock this evening recorded the signals that were
being sent out from the lightship searching for the Lucania.
Finally at about 6 o'clock It was demonstrated that the two
vessels were In communication. To make absolutely certain
the circuit was temporarily broken to ask the lightship if the
L/Ucania had been heard from. The answer came back that the
big Cunarder had been reached. From that time until forty
minutes after 9 o'clock messages were sent in a stream from
the Lucania.
There were occasional Interruptions from adjustment, but
in a general way it may be said that the conditions were favor
able and that communication for /nearly four hours was un
broken.
From the Nantucket lightship to the Lucania was sent a
summary of the news events of the world that had happened
since the steamship left the other side. It is not difficult t to
Imagine the enthusiasm that this aroused among the passen
gers who -were fortunate enough to take part in the inaugura
tion of this new service.
As the Lucania left the shores of Ireland Sunday morning
they were kept In communication with the world ashore by
this still mysterious agency of air until Queenstown had
dropped below the horizon. All were interested in that event.
¦which was made complete when communication was taken up
again this evening at a time when the Lucania had nearly twt»
hundred miles of ocean to travel before reaching its pier in
• JCorth River.
Frequent tests made from 8 o'clock in the morning showed
fthat the instruments ashore and aboard the lightship were in
good working order. Communication was maintained easily
and regularly throughout the day and long messages were
exchanged. Among these were final instructions in regard to
the order In which messages from the Lucania should be re
ceived and messages to be sent. '•
British naval officers assert that messages have been sent
this year In the Mediterranean a distance of more than 100 miles
from ship to ship, but this distance is assumed and not estab
lished. In France wireless telegraphy has been used 1 for several
years, the system being that of Lieutenant Tissot. In the Med
iterranean fleet maneuvers this year this Tissot system was
employed, but It'ls reported that at one critical moment in the
tactical evolutions the enemy's message was picked up ! and
utilized by the defending fleet. The Italian navy has success
fully, used the Marconi system for four years, and several sta
tions on the littoral of the peninsula have been equipped.
In commercial shipping also the wireless system Is making
steady progress. Six transatlantic steamships have made use
of It. The American liner St. Paul In 1809 carried a temporary
installation and communicated with a station situated at the
Needles, on the Isle of "Wight. The estimated distance between
ship and station was sixty sea miles.
The Lucania, Deutschland. Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, Kal
serln Maria Teresa and Lake Champlain also are fitted- with
the device, which, except in case of the Teresa, is of the Mar
coni type. 'It Is reported that other steamers plying in impor
tant trade waters are to be equipped. The notable success of
the present trial with the Lucania must lead shipowners to
make this installation a part of the regular outfit.
It is often asked if fog, bad weather, or the curvature of
the earth Interferes with the transmission or distinctness of
messages. No other trial than those carried out by the Nan
tucket station Is needed to prove that foe and bad weather
have not even the slightest effect. "The effect of the earth's
curvature is said to be not appreclablo and leaving out mechan
ical faults it seems fairly certain that electrical' conditions of
the atmosphere are/ the only ones that create disturbances and
these are of temporary character.
No one may venture, to predict the future of wireless teleg
raphy. Double transmission by a single wire has been achieved
—that is, two messages have at the same Instant been sent and
received between Niton, in the Isle of "Wight, and Sand Bank.
This has been brought about by using different wave
lengths for the two messages.
Three important problems still await solution. As yet the
bearing and distance of signaling a ship cannot be determined.
Although promising experiments have been made with mes
sages that can be read by particular receivers if or which
they are intended, definite success cannot be claimed, and this
work remains within the domain of investigation.
Experts are hopeful that the bridging of the Atlantic by
wireless telegraph will soon be'posslble. This will not demand
any increase in the height of the pole, because the limit In
that direction has been nearly reached, nor will the sensibility
of the receiver be increased to any exeat extent. The secret
probably lies In increasing the capacity of the aerial conductor
and employing more electrical epergy for transmission.
... /¦ ¦ .* •
GRAND MASTER PRESENTS
BEAUSEANT TO KNIGHTS
Presentation of a Battle Flag: to the
2M11 Corps of California
Commandery.
California Commandery No. 1, Knights
Templar, met in Commandery Hall. Ma
6onic Temple, last night and after the con
ferring of the degree' of the temple there
followed the presentation to the com
mandery*s drill corps of .a magnificent bilk
beauseant or battle flag, by Rev. Mr.
Smith on/ behalf of Most Eminent Sir
Reuben H. Lloyd, grand master _of '-4.be
Grand Encampment of the United'states.
This flag, like the one which the same
distinguished officer presented to Golden
Gate Drill Corps of this city. Is of white
on black silk, but on It Is worked In silk
a figure of a sir knight In full uniform,
mounted on a black charger. One tide
ehowB the left side of the mounted knight
Ajx-0. the other the right Bide. Burround-
Jr the figure are the words in gold em
broidery, "California Commandery Drill
Coros." It is a most artistic piece of
work.
After the presentation speech Sir
Knight Carroll "*Cook. commander of
the commandery,- accepted the flag and
placed.it in charge of Sir Knight T. L.
Henderson, standard-bearer, who carried
it to its proper position in the corns com
manded by Sir Knight George F. Neal.
The commander in accepting the flag de
clared that it will ever be cherished and
defended by the commander and that with
pride It will be displayed at the conclave
in Louisville. Ky., this month.
After the ceremonies there was an ad
journment to the banquet hall, where an
excellent ante-departure banquet w.ia
served to 200 knights and short addresses
were made by General W. H. L. Barnes.
George A. Knight, Judge Carroll Cook ami
other prominent members of the frater
nity, v, ¦¦•
To-night there will be a review in the
Pavilion to the commandery by the driil
corps, when the programme will include
an overture, introductory remarks by Em
inent Sir Carroll Cook. -exhibition drill. In
full templar uniform, an address by Em
inent Sir "W. H. L. Barnes and an exhibi
tion drill In -fatigue uniform. This part
of the programme will be followed by
dancing until, midnight.
MISS JTTLIA WINSTON
TO BECOME A BRIDE
Southern California Beauty Betrothed
. to M. E. Flowers, a Subject ¦
of King Edward. !- '
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 16.— The engage
ment, of Miss Julia Winston,, one of
Southern California's most famous beau
ties, to M. B. Flowers, an Englishman,
was announced to-day. Mr. Flowers Is
an orange grower at Riverside and a keen
polo and golf, player. He is at present
at Del Monte to take part In next week's
tournament of field -sports. . Miss Win
ston Is a handsome brunette of Spanish
type and was greatly admired In New
York "society last winter. The- pair met
for the first time a month ago at Santa
Monica. The wedding will take place in
October. . ' .
King Will Visit the Kaiser.
BERLIN, Aug. 16.— The Post says: King
Edward will soon go to Wilhelmshohe
near Kassel. and spend several days with
the Emperor and Empress.
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 17; 1901.
3FOUR OF THE STRONGEST AND BEST KNO"WTST AMATEUR GOLF EXPERTS "WHO WILL STRIVE ON THE
LINKS AT MONTEREY TO CARRY OFF THE HIGHEST HONORS OF THE PACIFIC COAST DURING THE
GREAT CARNIVAL OF SPORTS.
Fifth race, mllo and. a sixteenth— Bohul xron.
Tra Gown second, Stamp third." Time, ! t:47H.- -
.Sixth race, six ¦ furlonifs, selllnur— Exnplled
w^n.Poster B second. Ravelling third. "Time,
i:it-.,\. "•;'-.- .¦:.. .<-.¦ ..: . • • 'v "
First race, six furlon*9; spiling— lifeline w^on-
Albert L,ef> second. Bistre third. '.Time.-1:15H.' •
• Second race, four and^.ha.lf furlongs, selllngr
—Fannie Blazes won. Pirate Girl second Ben
Hullum third. .Time, 1 ' :56U.' " ¦ ¦¦•¦'¦¦ '"•¦ s~- --'.•
.Third race, mile and an eljrhth.'- selling— Bean
won. Louisville Belle second. .Charlie Shano
third. Time, 1:56%.. -.!• "¦ ¦¦ .¦-.,•*
. ;: ; Fourth .race, six furlonK?, - selllnff— Onanetta
won. Rotterdam second. Hunting ¦¦ third. , Time,
DETROIT; Aur. ¦ 16.— Windsor summary:'
2:08 class, paelnsr. purse $1500 ¦¦ funflnlshed'*—
Martha Marshall won the first heat in 2:09.
Ban Patch won ' -the second heat -In- 2:O4Vi.
George. Major Muscovite, The . Bishop. Paul
Revere and Patsy K also started. :
A new bicycle ' club was formed last
night. Under. .the name of the San Fran
cisco" Wheelmen and ' already numbers 100
members.' Thr> followlnp ar<» its elected
officers: - Prpsldent, H. H. Varney; vice
president. - Robert I Henderson: financial
secretarv.' Louis Meyer: recording secre
tary.. Victor •- Schuchardt; treasurer.
George .Kroetz: captain, .T. E. Bolger:
directors, Frnnk- Carroll. Frod "West. Al
Merrlam. A. Cosseran and George Klar
mann. •
and' Crescent Route also started. ' _
New Bicycle Club.
On Sunday morning- at 11 o'clock st the
Sixteenth and Folpom streets grounds the
TIale Eros, bapehall team will cross bats
with the Healdsbursr team. The Healds
burp bovs . come here, with an enviable
rpcorrt. having won all but three frames
played this. season, and having defeated
some of the best, city amateur Hearns.
The two . crimes between the two- clubs
have both Tjpen close and each has won
one, so the. struggle .will be to a finish.
The Railway Traffic Department Base
ball team will play the, White Star Laun
dry team at Freeman's Park. Golden
Opte. Alameda County, next' Sunday at
2:?0 p. m. . . . •
Amateur Baseball.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. IS.— This was
Santa Rosa day, according to the chron
ology of the local horsemen, and the
attendance at the race meeting exceed
ed expectations. Most of the local busi
ness houses closed in honor for the after
noon. The weather was delightful. Bet
ting was lively after the first race and
the local event called out all kinds of
The opening: event was a 2:30 pace for a
purse of $500. But two contestants re
sponded to the bell. They were 'White
head's speedy little sorrel Toppy and Ad
vertiser, the latter with Ed Lcfferty up.
Toppy had. it' all his own ¦ way, taking
three straight heats in 2:15%. 2:15% and
2:1S& Little money was wagered on this
The second event on the card was_a
walkover pace for J.. H. Thompson s El
Diablo, who, with Farrar up, went
around alone In 2:13%. -.- . .
The "Ukiah handicap, a six furlong dash
for four-vear-olds and upward, had five
entries. B. F. Hobart's bay Keldingr Pilot
and John Whalen's mare Swiftwaterjsold
at even money. Mountain Dpw. the chest
nut mare belonging to T. T. Rector and
who finally finished a neat second, sold
at 3 to 1. with Gold Baron at about tlie
same figure and Pegalong. J. D. Dunns
four-year-old, a rank outsider. Young
Hobart. astride his father's bay. was out
to win and took no chances, when tne
word came the Southerner had \ a good
start and it carried him into the lead, a
position he maintained all the- way In
nnlshins in 1:15. Much money changed
h The S foiirth 3 race 'proved a surprise for
the talent. The event, was a plx-furlon!?
¦dash, and the talent picked -Eddl*^ Carpy-ii
David S for a winner, finally backinp him
off the -board. The favorite was left at
the post, and Hobart: mounted unon the
little chestnut mare Skirmish, aealn walk
ed off with the honors. Skirmish sold at
3 to 1 and had wise backinsr and the line
up at the cashier's box was a formidable
one The contest was.between Skirmish
and McLaushlin's Mike Rice, the latter
w lth Tullett un. and Galena next In line.
: Whitman's Fine ¦ Shot, a f our-year-oVl .
that sold at event money, won tho • fifth
event Corn Cake. Caesar Young'? . pet.
with Loeue up. who was posted as fpyor-
Ite. -finishing second. . Pidalia was left at
The sixth and last race of the day prob
ably aroused more Interest than any other
on the card. It certainly resulted In the
liveliest bpttlngr. It was a local running
race for- Sonoma County saddle . horses,
two furlongs and repeat. John L. a lankv
sorrel that nobody ct ¦ first - recognized,
proved' to b>' a "ringer." • He was none
other than • the peldlnjr Barney Schreiber
in ' disguise. * Barney was > purchased re
cently -byiDan'McGovern of Petaluma, so
he was allowed to start, but he had to go
under his ¦ right name. ¦ Six ' entries were
shown.' but none of -the' locals were in it
with Barney, who took heats In
'something like . :24V£. The summary fol
lows: j&j " '-'• - : . .
..'First race. 2:30 pace.' purse $500. mile beat*,
three, in five- - - ¦'¦. ..
Toppy (Delphi by Dexter Prince) White
head ...:.......... 1 1 1
Advertiser • (l.an>rty> .....2 2 2
....... Time— 2:15%. 2:1B%. 2:15%.
Second . race,, pacing. 2:12 class.' purse $500—
"Wnlkover^for El Diablo. - Time. 2:13%.
>, Third - race, > Uklah . handicap;., for foiir-year
alds ¦ and UDwardL Six . f urlones — Pilot > (Maralo-
— » .
Country Club. Alexander Bell of the Saa
Rafael Golf Club. James Melville of the
Del Monte links. Harry Kawllns of tho
Oakland Golf Club and W. J. S. Bradley
of the Sacramento Golf Club.
If amateurs win any of the prizes they
will receive medals, while the profession
als will get cash.
There will be a ouallfying' round over
eiRhteen holes, medal Dlay, and the six
teen lowest scorers will enter the match
play rounds over eighteen holes, the last
two plaving a final round over thlrtv-six
holes. Before the>nd of next w«»ek th»r»
will l»e an open trolf rhamnton of thA Pa
cific Coast, who will ha?* m 3 title till the
association meeting of 1902. ;
CONSTITUTION
WINS BY LUCK
-PARTS. Aug. 16.— The ron»«o*»r.»« fn art'
International bicycle race from Paris to
Brest and return, a rtlstj»r,ce of 1200 kilo
meters, started- at 4:33 o'clock this morn
ing. There were twenty-seven com
petitors. Aucuoturier was the first to
P.TS3 Dreux. twenty-one miles north of
Chartres. at 7:1S o'clock. Miller of Ch»
caero ¦was- the elehth to pass Dreux. at
7:31. and Huret was ninth.
Aucouturier in the Lead.
LAECHMON'T TACHT CLUB. NEW
YORK, Augr. 16.— The Constitution drifted
across the finish line lato this evening a
winder, over the Columbia by 31 minutes
and 23 seconds. This difference in time\ :
however, does not represent the difference
In speed between the two yachts, for a very
large part of the big margin was entirely
due to a fluke in the light airs while the
boats were sailing: the second round of
the triangular course of fifteen miles.
It occurred just as the Constitution was
rounding the first marje. Both yachts had
come up from the home mark on a broad
reach with a southwest wind, the Consti
tution leadinp bv about two minutes. As
they approached the stakeboat black
clouds which had been gathering In the
northwest brought with them a small
rain squall and sudden change o( wind.
The Constitution was able to turn on the
southwest wind and immediately after
take the northwester, which drifted her
out into th<> middle of the sound, while
the Columbia wai maklnar for the> mark
close hauled on the port tack In the verv
inst wind nf the first' northwest squall.
This srave the Constitution an opportunity
to take advantage of the westerly wind
which followed out In the sound, while
the Columbia lay almost becalmed at the
mark. This settled the race, for there
aftpr the Columbia was out of It. "
The contest of sn*»«»d was al+orethpi* tn
the first round, while the wind, which
was at all times llpht. held as it <Jtd On
every leg the new boat gained. nnd mntn
tain<?fl a reputation as a wonderfully fa.it
yacht in soft airs. But tho Columbia,
with her perfect sa'l*. was also Rolncr
fast, and in the first fifteen miles the new
boat only made up_ twenty seconds over
her time allowance. The met noteworthy
•spectator of the race was Cnptaln Svca
more of the Shamrock TT. who came from'
N?w York on the tutr T^awrc-pc** a"«t fol
lowed the rncers over the course. It was
his first view of the American bnati nnd
he grot a very valuable line on the light
w»«ther dualities of his 'rival.
The race was. he'd »ind«"- the auspices
of the Larchmrnt Yacht; Club. jf-' :r >r
Harris Gets More Material.
Harris has sipned Park. "Wilson, an.old
time player, weir known to local diamond
enthusiasts. He was on th«» bench yes
tPrday and -will plar an Infield position In
the near future. "Wilson has recently
been plavinjc with the Montreal .team
Shea of Polorarln will soon Rrriv*. In the
loss of Kvana Harris- will- be crippled as
far as pitchers ko. the work devolving on
Iburg and Whalen.
Adelaide). Hobart.. 116. -won: Mountain - T>w
<Tull«tt) 110. second: Swlftwnter (MeXIehols)
115.. third. Time. 1:15. Gold Baron and Pega
lonsr also ran. . - -
Fourth race. . six . furlone-s. for tt»« Rohrer
nurse, open to .nil aires— Skirmish (War Sl«n-
T^dy Lyons). ' Hobart. -117 .won: Mtke Rle«
Tullett. 119, second: O»lena. C. Ross in*
third. Time. 1:14." David S left «t the po^t *
Fifth race, four ¦ furlongs. ¦ Occidental K«tel
purse, named horse and .weights — Fln«» Rhnt
fBalgowan-Pljmlty TT). Burllnyame. 109. won*
Corn Cake. Losnie. 103. second : Gypsy Boy Tul
lett: 100. third. Time. ':48. Marello also ran
Pidalla left at the. t>ost.
"¦- Sixth ' race. - for . Sonoma County horses • two
furlongs and ret>e»»t— Barney Schreiber ' Won
Mollle Macv-cond. Bessie G third. Time
:24H, :25i4. Frank D and Jack the Bum also
ran. . . • " . . : -.: . • .. .
Courses.
SARATOGA, Aug. 16,— Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs-Lady
Fterllnsr won. Whisky King second. Smart Set
third. Time. 1:10 1-3. *"»'—*
Second race, mile and a furlonsr. selling
Nitrate won. The Amazon second. Alslke thlrd.-
Tfmr. 2:01^4.
Third race. Th« B^venvyck ateeplech^e,
two and a hal' miles— The Bachelor won 7an
zlbar second. Trillion third. Time 4'4'
Fourth race, five and a half furlong*?—Ger
nldyn won. Chickadee second. Batavian third.
X I Ifir, 1,11 *."¦>.
Fifth race, mlleanri a plrteenth. handicap
for all apesi— Gay Boy won. KIloKram won but
was dlsoualified for fouling:. Time, 1-51 Onlv
two starters. . ' .,.""*
CHICAGO. Aug. 16. -Harlem results:
First race. -mile.. seWnK-^Captaln Hamm
won, Kl Fonse second,' Beauty Book third
Time, 1:41 2-5.
Second race, flye furlnnpn— .Tack Ratlin won
Ishtar second. Hoodwink thrrd. Time, 1-01 1-s'
Tliird race.pteenlechase. short '.course-lFllon
d'Or won. Dl^k Furber second. Captain Can
over third. Time. 3:41-3-5. ;
Fourth race, six furlonsrs, bindlcap— Federal
won. Money Muss second. Headwater third.
Fifth race, five and a half fnrlones— TuMt
Junkin won. Throstle- second. . Harry Wilson
third. Time. 1:08 3-5. on
Sixth race, mile pnd a Flxteenth, nelllne—
Havlland ¦ won, Illilnunn second, Tammanv
Chief third. Time. 1:47 2-3. •.•£¦;-. um -nan>
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 16.— Delmarj Park sum
marj": / '. . ' ¦ ->,. .' ¦'
First race, six' furlonep. selling:— Furo won
A in second, Charles E. Billihgslex third. Time
Second race, five furlong-s,> s^IHn^— Attplle
won. Ionian M. second, "Wissendlne third
TItip. l :02.
Third rac<*. ,,e\x furlonpp. pplllnpr— Kiss Quick
won. Mr«.! Grannan second. • Eleven Bells third •
Time, 1:15. ; < . ., i ' ..»:;.
Fourth race, one and- a sixteenth rn Men wti
•Jnsr— Menace won. Herdly second, Belle Rlmn
son third. Tlme,l:4SU. e hlrn P--
FIftli race, seven .furlongs, Kelllmr— Tlnkrnl
won. Imn. Clonsllla second. Delsarte - third.
Sixth race, sir furlong*. seinfi<r— RSnd4'?!zo
w<n. Hor°eshoe Tobacco second. Daniel third
,Tlme. 1:14};. . . ¦ .
FORT ERIK. Augr. 16.— RemiltR:
First race. n\x nnd a hnlf >urlong-«— ZeiR-reM
irnn.- Ivi" Hopper second. Sunny Girl thlrri
Time. \:2Z%. ' . ¦ / lrd "
Second race, four pnd a .half .-¦ furionwj— '
>fowich won. F<-nnk Becker • second Corm«r
th'rd.-Time. :Kfi'4: : 7 : ' v - orm * c
I Third race, six furl"iK«— Porv won ¦ Fonedn
second. Snark- third. Time. l:tS%.
Fourth race, six and a half furlon'es— L'udv
Sllv«r won. Flaneur second, Far Sight third
•j-.rrtf.. 1:2H1. . ' .
Fifth race. . flv<> 'urloritrs— Merryment won
M«-<11tatIpn second. Papermaker third "Timo'
1:0114. : : '
Sixth Tf">. mile and t> slrteenth— Gray TJnllv
won. Pushfield" second,' The Golden ' Prince
third. Time. 1:4S. ' • . . .-. ¦ ... .
BUTTE. Aue-. 16.— Th» result?:
Flrxt race, five fu'lon^n—Glrly Ducat won'
Henri. R second. Government third. Time'
1:C2U. ¦ '• ; , ¦;-.":,' -.. -¦-•• .--. ' ¦ '
Second rare, six furlon*-?— .To» = K 'won r»
G«rtn second. .TiiRtuo Ooeb"! third. Time il»iB
Third race, five and n hnif , furlnnRn— ' Pnra
rnlde won. Poppya second, 'Pirate' Maid third'
Time. l:0S',i. . '¦ i - ... .
.Fourth race, fix- and r half furlo"«-«— Tom
Klneslcv won. T»ope Leo -second, Nobleman
vn<rri\ Time. • 1 :20. . . . ¦ ,; .. . Inan
Fifth rare, six furlontrs— TCaplrandp won
<"S»otxe K. Ketchum second, Virgle d'Or third'
Time., 1:15%. ' ¦ -- • • : .-. ...,;¦
Sixth race, mil* and a 'furlong,- nix. hurdles—
CaDrlvl won, Fpvnrita ."second. Cousin 'Lettr
third/ Time. 2:03',J. - :>¦¦ ¦ . .: }
NKW YORK. Aug. 11 Beach sum'
maryt . ¦ ¦ . - ¦ . .. • ¦
9:18 trnt. purse JiroO— Tva Dee won the second
fifth and sixth heats In 2:12^A. 2:14%. 2:19. Naul
rinewon'the third "and fourth heats in *2:14U
2:1«U. Juno T won the first ; heat !n 2-13U*
Kffle G. Vic Schiller. NelRhbor Girl. Ballerton
Leola. Jantia. Hydrastlne and Ononta-also
sUrted.--. ¦•- ¦ .-.'-¦.. ¦:' : ¦. .- "-, .•• •- ,•¦-...¦. ,.
¦ The John H.:Sehultz *taVe. trotting, class for
• three-year-olds. • purse / $2000 — Carrie Bell -.won
th» third, fourth, and fifth heats in 2:20. 2:14«4. :
2:17^4, Rowellon'won the second hest In 2:15%.
Nellie Boca. won the first heat in 2 :lS4i.'; Starch
Results of Running and Trotting
Races on Six Different
WINNEHS OF PURSES
ON EASTEKN TRACKS
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 16,— To-day's
game was a slugging match and went to
the home team. Both <¦ pitchers '< pitched
pood ball. hut. were found frequently, al
though Hoffer had the best of the argu
ment throughout. • The game was snappy
and full of interest. . Score:
OAKLAND.'
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. c. f -5 13 0 3 0 0
Lohman. c 4 1 0. 0 .8 2 .0
fitreib. 1h B 0 2 0 R 0 2
Kaean. 3b B 1 2 0 0 2 1
Dunleavy. It f 5 110 0 12
Frair-ks. s. s V:. 3 '010230
Arrellanes, 2b. 4 • 1 1 0 1.. 3 0
Rabbltt. r. f 3 1 0 2 2 10
Tlodson. p 4 ' 1 1 0 0 1 0
Totals ....'. ..3S 7 11 2 24 13 6
SACRAMENTO.
• . - AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Devereaur. s. a...... 5 .0 2 0-1 ' 5 ' 0
Mclaughlin. 1. t..... 4 2 3 2 110
Courtney. 2b .5 1-2,05 3 '1
Ashenback. r. f 4 2 2 11 0 0
Stanley, c "... 5 2 2. 0. 4 0 0
Php^han. 3b 1.2 12 1,2 1 0
McGucken. c. f 4 . 0. 2 0 .1 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 "0 0 11 0 n
Hoffer, p 4 1 10 1 10
Totals '. ...37 9 16 4 27 11 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Opkland :........ .n 0 0 4 0 0 1 0 2—7
Base hits .0 1 1 5 0 0 2.0 ?— 11
Snoramentn .4 0 t 1 0 0 2-1.*— <>
Base hits 5 0 2 3 0 12 3 •— 16
.:'•¦¦¦". SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hoffer 4. Hodson G.
Home run— Earan.v Three-base hit— Rheehan.
Two-base hits — Eagan, Sheehan. Sacrifice hit —
9hf>ehan. . Fl'-st base on errors — Sacramento 2.
Oakland: 1. First hase on called balls— Oakland
3. Sacramento 3. Left on b<>sf»<»— Sacramento 8.
Oakland 7. Struck out— By Hoffer 2. bv Hodson
4. Double play3— Babbitt to 'Lohnian.: Fa»-an to
Arrellar>eE to Strelb. . Passed ball— 7>ohman,
Wild nltch— Hoffer.' Time of trame— 1:50. Um
pire—Graves. Scorer— Rutherford, j
Sacramento "Wins.
SPRINGS RINGER
ON THE BOOKIES
THE principal golf event that will
take place next week at Del
Monte is the first open champion
ship of the Pacific Coast. Tho
event will be held under the aus
pices of the, Pacific. Coast- Golf .Associa^
tlon and Is open to amateurs who are
members of any association or allied club,
and to professionals who are at present
employed on the Pacific Coast. The lead
ing players of the clubs round. San Fran
cisco Bav and of some of the principal
clubs of Southern California have entered.
Another 5<>ckev -vho has ranld'v rMn^n
Wmeaif «iti» public favor Is the Heht
i-elrM; <~"oehr-»r.. who "*¦*•» p-jen ~- (>"\\en
ft tnp >:»«- Orlenr* rneetlnr. and is In
**¦"» V.ant <h«s ve.-ir for the flrpt time. For
SARATOGA. X. Y.. Aus. 1C.-A11 that
poes to make racing successful has at
tended the first week of the Saratoga As
sociation's meeting. Never before in the
history of this famous place have there
been so many people here, and several
days before the date set for the races to
begin it was evident that the prestige ac
cruing to the sport when William C. Whit
ney took over the plant from a gang of
Guttenburg grafters for the. sole reason or
lending it tone and bringing Saratoga
closer to the Jockey Club than it could
ever have been under its old management
was of the most pronounced sort.
Saratoga is different from any other
rourse on which the thoroughbreds meet
In America. Here racing Is essentially
the sport of the rich. There is a notice
able absence of the small fry and piking
outfits, that do nothing on other race
tracks but get in the way. interfere wltn
the business of the ring and make the
grand stands tincomfortable on warm
day?. Every section of the country is rep
resented at the current meeting. Horse
men and bookmakers from California are
chasing the nimble dollars so liberally of
fered by the association with their breth
ren from New York. Of course, the big
guns" of the Metropolitan Bookmakers
Association are in a decided majority. One
would have Imagined himself at Sheeps
fcead Bay on Suburban day from a Kooa
look at the ring. The whole New York
contingent moved bag and baggage to tne
spa when the last race was run at Brigh
ton last Saturday night. Very few of the
best horses remained in Gotham, ana
there is enough in class and numbers in
the stables to make the meeting stand
out most prominently as the greatest this
historic turf center has ever known.
The opening days of the meeting ">una
the talent on top with a big shade. The
layers have had to content themselves
with a succession of bad breaks as sel
dom come together in a few days. They
got a morsel of comfort when Rockton, an
outsider, won the rich Saratoga handi
cap, but the same day Mr. Whitney b
Goldsmith, running for as much money
as any horse in the big race, brought
home the classic Flash stakes and there
by put in a crimp that will take a deal or
smoothing before the bank rolls fatten up
to their original size.
Senator O'Brien and J. W. Schorr fell
hard recently when Hans Wagner fin
ished outside the money in the first race.
The Memphis brewer, and the Minnesota
statesman went to tlie long price about
Hans as if it were a shame to take the
money. That grotesque pot boy. J.
Woods, rode the colt a country fair race
or he might have taken the place. The
winner. Schwalbe. a black filly, bred and
raced by the smiling- Schreiber, will bear
a deal of watching, as she won off by her
self and Is probablv almost the equal of
the best representative of that remarkable
sire, imported Sain. Sain is undoubtedly
one of the coming sires of the country,
and the St. Louis Burgomaster. It would
' Feem. is about to be rewarded for his
loyalty to the breeding game after having
sunk a fortune in horse flesh and broad
acres. It is hard to recall a sire of Sain's
age and opportunities that has sent out
*=uch sterling progeny as Corrignn. Otis.
Zlrl and Schawlbe. Schreiber has any.
number of royally, bred mares at his stock
farm, all chosen with rare discrimination
In Wood lines and individuality.
Mr. Whitney's Goldsmith whs undoubt
edly the best two-year-old seen at the
meeting until Otis appeared. He Is a son
of Imported Meddler, out of the old Lor
illard mare Klldeer. one of the fastest
ever in training. An idea of Goldsmith's
ouallty was had when he won the Flash
Ftakes Monday. After going the first
ouarter he was sixth, pinned on the rail
and apparently hopelessly beaten. Tur
ner, tttf most pati»nt and daring of Jock
evs. woTked the colt out of his difficulties
cleverly and struck smooth sailing a fur
lone from home. Then he rode a race to
be likened only to the sort Snanpc-r Gar
rison iis«h1 to nut uo. . Driving like an en
pine. Goldsmith got up in time to snatch
the stake by a nose. He was twenty
potipdg the best horse i n the race and beat
a fi»W of splendid class. Turn»r has got
back to the form that first made him fa
mous. In California last winter he could
npparontly do nothing right, hut now he
5s ridine with a vim and skill scarcely
Furpasp^fl. Burns has r«t b»en seen in
*h«» saddle a RT»»at d*>al. He Is very much
1n «>vid««Tici» r>n Bro*dwpv and other niacps
not commonly reckoned as good trainlne
grounds for e first class jockey. Manv
tv»ot>i». *h« n k Mr. WhHney tos«ed off a
p-old hrlck when he let th«» diminutive
Os»"s»Qian nass from his employ
O'Connor h?s a foiiowi^e. "He Is the
r*os* difficult Vvov hotdlnp license to class
>t t«Tne« he rid»s <rrand finishes. At oth
ers he is an listless as an E<rvntian
mummv. Ttijiliran Is flo'ne: verv little at
r.rcser.+ He Is in evwi form, and it mav
V>e .-"'(leo 1 1n pood hands sine* he signed
to ride. fr>r Aueust B»lmort for the Hnl
pr.ee of ihe season. T">an Kanlon of San
Trane<«co >ms flr«t call or- 'Bullman in aij
races in which hi* mare «?]v starts This
WM m»d» ¦ provision of the boy's con
tr-x-* •n-fth Mr. Belrnont.
"Handsome Eavv" Johnson, one of the
most rocklpss gamblers pvor on the Amer
ican turf, is a oevotpp of the game and Is
rarely missed from the table when even
ing romes around. Johnpon has given the
bank a stiff argument. since corning here
i «nd 'r said to have wnn more than $30 (X>6
in threp fcepsion*. Sol Llchtenstpin lias
i also gathered In superfluous wealth since
•he began to sh**v«» brown checks over the
! green , cloth. "Billy" Beverly is 1 , another,
The fapcinptinn of pajnbilner Is probaKlv
not exempllfi^-i anywhere-. In the world,
with the possible pxcentlon of Monte Car
lo (where faro *s an unknown art), more
stronply than nt *hp Canflpid palace. All
roads l<"ad to The Ti*mnl<» of Fortune when
the tuxcdr-.R aro donned and the dinner
flnwnwi. The restaurant run in connec
tion witb IV<» club, it If» fnld at an annual
loss r.f S23.000. is th»» srnal every .night of
thf> "pniar+o«t m*»n and women at the
sprlntr?. Th^r^ mor>py nnd an outward nn-
DParance n<- rAsneotanlHtv are tlip nnlv
toker«. MIlHonairPs from New York to
Ban Francisco and connllrss oth^r way'
stations nib olbov.'B with the pintle toiits
»nfl ]j!chM*uWB who saunter down life's
Mfthwv living on othf-r nennie's money..
Rpautifnl wniti"n, gowned Hkp the cnurt
lad'es of old. rip their wine wllhln slcbt
and hpnr^ng of the sincinjr roulette bpll.
Opulent b"oVmakers».. strangers to the
mystery of dress oonts and.anctpnt vln
ta£rei» until th»y began to knock down
favorllps. gpt throusrh the menu ns graco
fully as the «=3cc1ufIvp KnlckprbocVprs.
who are here an rpgularly as thf. thor
oughbreds and Imninculato bank dpalers
come. Play for high stakes in tho rule
rather than th<« excentlon this ««eaKon.
Many of the more nromlnent member* of
the MptroDftlitnn TiooVmakort"' Associa
tion, wearied by the rtaiiv mnnnMnv of
the bPttlntr r|n«». "buck the tiger" to a
fln'sli every, nieht. ¦ j
The* sensation of the week has bepn'the
attempt made by Dan Stewnrt and Gfle
Mitchell to break up gambling at the
Saratoga Club and do dire things to Rich
ard A. Canfl>ld. its nroorietor. Saratoga
without Cflnfield and the Saratoga Club
would b» like a Kentucky toddy without
sugar. Doubles and cases are as popular
here as watermelons at a camp meeting.
Represented bv th« best legal talent.
Stewnrt and Mitchell started out to hr<»ak
«nto Saratoga or ru"n Canfl>ld out. Thev
hsve given the boss gambler a deal of
trouble and tied him up for the ne.xt
Grr.nd Jury to untie, but the little Ivory
ball is still spinning seductively ' nnd thi*
silver hnic working as Industriously aa of
yore. The e.ntirp business community of
the village li in favor of the Canfleld'en
tprnrlsos. Senator Prackptt. who runs
things political In the district on tho
same lines fo"owed bv h's co'^asrue. Sen
ator Tim Sullivan of Npw York, is thi
king JrnmhWs stanchept friend and back
er. Just where Stewart and his disgrun
tled 'sympathlzP'-s tirnpos" to ppt off wh»n
tb*»y are done bucklntr the combined Po
litical and business pontlm^nt of the vil
lage and county is hard to figure out.
Sohrelber showed up his Rain colt Otis
on Thursday In s manner that convinced
the wise head?. Rarely la a two-year-old
set the, task of Riving away weight in the
Quantities that Otis did to older horses in
the opening race. Runnlne as ' true as
steel. Otis. beat Felle of Memnhls with
plenty loft in good time, considering Xh°
wretched condition of th«» track. The colt
Is on. edge now and U will take some sn't
of a raoo horse to do anything with him
during the rest of the season. TJnfortu
nn<*ly. not- knowing what the flrst crop
of Ssin's sret would amount to. Fchreiber
failed to nominate him for the "Futurity,
which he would assuredlv have a grand
chance of landing could he start. Some
doubt exists whether Otis is by Sain or
by imp. Foul Rhot. As all of the colts
sent frcir* the Missouri farm as represen
tatives of Sain have won and. moreover,
sriven evidence of being in the first class,
it in onlv reasonable to.inf«r that Otis is
a son of Sain. The Foul Shot horgp* aro
nil soft, awkward and quitters. While
they have speed in abundance for a short
route, they invarlablv curl under punish
ment and ar<» nf very Jittle account. Som»
bodv unloaded a package of green poods
nn Schreibpr when he naid for Foul Shot,
but the wilv Teuton rnade good when he
srahbed Sa»n in California *>t a rldlcu
lou?lv small price nnd lnptallpd him is
mseter of h's beautiful stud farm in tho
Mississippi Valley.
"Pittsburg Phil" has In Shaw a lad who
will Improve with experience. He ao»s
not ask an ounce from any rider on the
Eastern tracks, but time will have to
bring him that Judgment which maken th*»
finished Jockey nowadays. Shaw rod*. If
anything, better than any boy at New
York earlier in the season, coming to Sar
atoga with an extraordinary percentage
of winning moimte to his credit. Cochrnn
and Shaw will both pn to California nff" r
the season closes at Bennlnsrs. and as f>'1
the star riders of last reason will ret"'"?
for the coming season San Francisco will,
have a better array of riding talent than
she had even last year.
a young hand at the game Cochran is a
rider of excellent Judgment, a strong fin
isher and has many years of usefulness
ahead of him. The boy's habits are good,
which is to say he has In that respect an
Inestimable advantage over many of the
older pilots who go the route at all gaits
after the races are over for the day.
Quite a contest between August Bel
mont and Clarence Mackay developed
over John Bullman's services when it was
known he would not ride under his con
tract with Hlldreth In the West. Mr. Bel
mont secured the premier rider of the late
Washington Park meeting at a Salary
known to be liberal in the extreme, al
though the terms of the contract were
not announced. Mounce, the Idaho light
weight, who rode so cleverly last winter
on the Pacific Coast and came East to
ride the Belmont horses, has not lived up
to his California reputation, and was re
leased bv the Jockey Club's president as
soon as Bullman joined the stable. Mounce
rides on very much the same plan as Win
nie O'Connor does. The belief that he has
a penchant for riding one occasionally in
his own interest has been strengthened
since he crossed the mountains. Ills finish
on Lady Viola Thursday could not 'have
been improved upon, while at times, he
stultified the formbook and brought grief
to the layers by failing to get anything
on horses that appeared to be moral
cinches.
famous bank player, but the goddess has
looked askanca whenever he hooked up
with the turns and calls. A wealthy New
lork. banker separated himself Tuesday
nlght from $23,000 after lingering less than
three hours over the board. Losses of
JoOGO or winnings of as much do not occa
sion even ordinary comment.
The battle between the rival gamblers
grew out of Cale Mitchell's inability to
conduct a faro bank on Broadway." the
most prominent thoroughfare in the vil
lage. Mitchell was told he could open a
house anywhere etee and enjoy the same
Immunity accorded the other clubs, but Jie
couldn t see it that way. He proposed to
rim when and where he pleased or plug
the roulette wheels and turn . over the
"f 3 e ™ r^' here else - Stuart joined is
sues with him in fighting Canfield be
cause he was not permitted to run a pool
room on the Western races within one
hundred feet of the racetrack.
o «? ™ rmer years, when George Walbaurr.
ana the rest of the precious crew of Gut
tenbcrg fame were In control of the rac
¦ oolrooms -,P e ? I werp a part and parcel of
M ie vi?u. 1 ] atOKa slImmer - Men like William
r«A™ i i y " however - nr * not in the pool
room business, and when they paid a
fancy price for the historic racing ground
to get It from under the influence of a
?£££* °# w ° lves hs naturally could not
stand for the poolronm nuisance and at
the same time "expect to ma ke Saratoga
th . e American Ascot. The Dfinie that
seized the town when Calo ami Dan began
to .i , r tnln^ s open has pretty well sub
sided and .the regulation state of things
has returned, to keep -going-merrilv until
t. e /« nff clans st rike tent for Sheeps
nead Bay. . .-...-¦.
There nre a «*T*>at many "Western people
Irrespective of the racetrack followers; at
the bl=r ;iotels on Broadwav. Among the
woll- known turfmen and bookmakers
"'"""'n^ the month here are James ("Star
V ». e , r ) Murnh V. F^rank Landerman. W:
,- P £ U * rt0 A r V F ; ank *>kert. George Rose.
¦t %%-• m b< U', evy - M a*T Blumenthal.
t J -'°^ pm . M iloi» Finlan. Tim Murohv
James Qulnn. T PO Mayer. Charles Klllson
and Albert I.aflln. .
BY ED. G. WHITE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Xordvke. rf>. 5 1 2 0 1 0 0
Rrookhoff. cf 4 12 0 2 0 0
Hlldebrand. If B. 1 3 0 0 ,0 0
Schwartz. 2b 5 12 0 0 7 0
Pabst. lb a. 3 1 2 0 IS 0 0
Sullivan, c .4 0 0 0 4 0 1
Km*. P.s 4 0 2 0- 2 .6 0
Reilly, 3b 4 0 1 0 0 2. 1
"Whalen, p 3 1 0 0 0 5 0
Totals ....37 6 14 0 27 19 '2
LOS ANGEI.ES.
. AB. R. BH. *SB. PO. A. E.
Rellz, 2b 3 0 3 0 2 4 0
Kelly, s.s .....3 0 .0 0 1 8 . : 0
Hutchlnson. lb 5 0 0 0/1S 1 0
Householder, cf...... 5 13 0 I'll
Atherton. rf 6 1 3 0 10 0
C. Reilly, 3b......... 4 1 1 0 2 1 0
Bowman, If .....3 1 1 0" 4 0 0
Spies, c. ....... 4 0 0 0 .2 S 0
Jones, p 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Totals..... 36 4 11 0 27 17 1
. RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. *
San Francisco 00 (t 0 0 0 0 • 0 0 — 6
Base hits 1 1 « 1 1 2 0 1 1—14
Lop Angles 0 0000 4 000— 4
Base hits i V.....0 0 1 1' 1 4 ; .2 ; l' 1-11
.."-" V' SUMMARY. '•* ¦'•¦¦'•¦
Runs' responsible '• for — Jones B. ' Whalen * 2.
Home run — Nordyke. Three-base hit —
Schwartz. Two-base hits— Nordyke, . Hcuse
holdpr. Sacrlcfie hits— Kelly.. Pabst. C. Reilly.
First " base on errors— San Francisco 1. First
bppp on called balls — San Francisco 2. Los An
etpIpc 4. .Left on. bases — San Francisco -7.- Los
Ang^'ps H. Struck out— By Jones 1, by Whalen
3. Double play— Kruer to Pabst. Tlfn<» of
srarre— 1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire— R.
T.evy. Official scorer— Belcher.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Full of features was the baseball game
at Recreation- grounds, yesterday after
noon. The Los Angeles team, confident
and boastful, met disaster to .the sad
music of C-4, Jones" was riddled in one
Inning almost beyond repair, Householder
and Schwartz engaged In a bit of rowdy
ism, the ball went oyer -the center field
fence' and Rube Levy was alternately
good and bad without any particular
manifestation of favoritism. The crowd
enjoyed Itself thoroughly, cackling and
shouting all the time. . . ',
Hank Harris, who has a reputation for
running a team on bedrock prices, was
there with his two pitchers; Iburg j and
Whalen. The latter was in the box and
came off with a record of ten hits against
his. name. The locals fell on Jones, Nor
dyke opening the fire by losing the ball
over the center field fence with a drive
that seemed as if it would never end. It
was perhaps the longest 'ever .made on
the grounds. This hapDened-in the third
inning, and before the Wasps took to the
field the scorer rang, six bells and regis
tered six hits in their favor. Jones was
fairly slaughtered. Out of the six hits
one was for a, home run and another for
three bags. The run-getting stopped with
this inning, but the local team kept right
along in its swatting career. ,
In the sixth the Angels had a chance to
redeem - themselves and return to
heaven. Then Whalen " suffered. The
Angels added up four .runs and
four hits •before " the Inning was
over. For a time it looked as if
the score would be tied, but death came
before this could be accomplished. Uncle
Henry gesticulated in a frenzied sort of
way when the Los Angeles stickers were
rapping the spheroid.' and even went so
far as to think whether it would not be
financially painful to hire another pitcher
to help out Iburg and Whalen during the
season. The score: "
San Francisco 6, Xos Angeles 4.
San Francisco's Team Finds
• the Ball During One
. Inning.
day next for the date of signing and -all
concerned are of a mind that the end of
all preliminary talk will then come.
Both Madden and Delaney are featlsfled
to fight before the club offering the best
inducements, Other things being equal
the San Francisco Club will get the fight,
as It Is favored by Delaney and not ob
jectionable, to Madden. Financial condi
tions will be taken into consideration be
fore a date "Is agreed upon. The man
agers of the fighters "are anxious for a
date at which the strike will be settled
and when the racine contingent is on the
ground. There is little likelihood of the
fight taking place before November or
December.
Ruhlin took a drive yesterday after
noon to Blankin's training quarters,
where he met several of his old friends.
He will train at this place. Jeffries will
spend most of his time nt the springs,
doing the final work at Oakland.
FAST AND CLEVEB BOTJTS.
Lively Milling Before the San Fran
¦ • cisco Athletic Club.
If the cubic air ordinance was enforced
the management of the. San Francisco
Athletic Club would be liable to 'a. fine.
Last night the clubrooms of the organiza
tion were, so crowded that the spectators
were given a Turkish bath in, addition to
an excejlent boxing exhibition.' They ..also
had the pleasure of gazing on the classic
features of Gustavus Ruhlin, the Akron
giant, who is anxious to wrest laurels
SARATOGA IS THE RACING MECCA
FOR EASTERN AND WESTERN TURFITES
JEFFRIES and Ruhlin will fight in
this city-so say their representa
tives, Billy Madden and Billy De
laney. Ruhlin is now here: Jeffries
is still at Harbin Springs.
At a meeting last night .between De
laney and Madden, who arrived yesterday
forenoon with Ruhlin and "Denver Ed
Martin, an agreement was reached to
sign articles on Tuesday afternoon or
next week at Harry Corbett's. The ar
ticles of agreement will be practically the
same as those drawn up for the "meeting
which was scheduled to take place at
Cincinnati, and which was so sadly inter
fered with by the Governor of Ohio.
Madden and Delaney have gone even
as far as the selection of a referee. Both
are satisfied to accept George Slier as
the third party in the ring. They will
insert hi* name in the referee clause of
the articles. . _
When the articles are signed next Tues
dav afternoon by principal? and repre
sentative? a $2300 forfeit will be posted
bv both fighters for appearance in the
ri'ne on the date set and a readiness to
fight. Harry Corbett will be named the
stakeholder.
Jim Jeffries was asked over the tele
nhone last night whether he would meet
Ruhlin on the terms of the Cincinnati
agreement. He replied: "I will fight
Ruhlin according to any agreement De
laney makes. I am ready, so if Delaney
and "Madden come to an understanding I
Trill sien when called upon." Ruhlin re
lies entirely upon his manager, Billy Mad
den. Madden and Delaney have set Tues-
Nordyke Scores Record
on Home Run Swat
Over the Fence.
Billy Madden Arrives With His" Principal and Meets Billy
Delaney for the Purpose of Making Final Arrangements/
from the brow of James Jeffries of tho
Golden State. Mr. Ruhlin made a grace
ful bow, but refrained from delivering a
speech.
The programme contained eight bouts.
Of this number three ended suddenly In
the first round. Alec Greggains refereed
the bouts.
Robby Johnson and Mike Maher pum
meled each other lustily for four rounds
and the Judges declared the bout a draw.
"Stub" Sutherland, a youth with a super
abundance of chest, tried conclusions
with "Kid" Parker, but came out second
best. Parker outpointed "Stub" ten to
one, and was- given a decision. Fred
Landers and Joe Broadshaw fought four
rounds to a draw. Billy Carr and Jack
Porter battled for the "Belle of Bran
nan street," and Carr won the fair maid
en in. the first round. Porter- was no
match for his lanky opponent. Carr pos
sessed the ability "o swing his arms at
any angle apd landed when and where
he pleased. ¦
George Erdalatz proved himself the
cleverest lad that entered the ring dur
ing the entertainment. He defeated a
youth named Jack McCarthy after one
round of- battling. Erdaletz not only
possesses a punch, but uses his head, and
will make a number of amateurs look to
their laurels.
Pete McGee had a comparatively easy
time with Jack Duffy. The latter lasted
two rounds and a half. Mike Curtin and
Teddy Wolff fought four clever rounds
and the; judges declared It a draw. "Cy
clone" Kelly placed Sid Hall hors de com
bat in half a round. Hall was willing,
but the "Cyclone" laid him low. • : *•
FELL ON JONES
FOR MANY HITS
JEFFRIES AND RUHLIN AGREE
TO SIGN ARTICLES ON TUESDAY
CHAMPION JEFFRIES WILL MEET RUHLIN IN THE RING IN SAN FRANCISCO
FIRST OPEN GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP
WILL BE PLAYED AT DEL MONTE
Contest Is Open to Amateurs and Professionals, and Entry List In
cludes Most of the Best Golfers of California. |
Among the southern golfers are Walter
Cosby of the Los Angeles Country Club,
C. E. Maud of the Riverside Polo and
Golf Club, who won the Del Monte cup m
1S99 and C. E. Orr of the Pasadena Coun
try Club, winner of the championship of
Southern California in 1900. From the San
Francisco Golf Club the principal entries
are J. -"W. Byrne, John Lawson and Lad
ing O. Kellogg. The Oakland Golf Club
wfil have a large contingent, in which are
included "VV. P. Johnson, R. MV Fitzger
ald F. S. Stratton. P. E. Bowles and C.
P Hubbard. The following professionals
will take part in the open event: Robert
Johnstone of the San Francisco Golf
Club, F. J. Reilly of the Burllngame
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 17; 1901.
4
No* other soap in
the world is used so
much; or so little of
it goes so far. ,
AH sort* of people use Pears' soap, a, 4 eorta
•x ciorcs ull it, e»pccially dru^zisu. . v . ¦
• ¦ ¦' '¦::.
Still More Counterfeiting.
The Secret Service has unearthed another
band of counterfeiters and secured a luw»
quantity of bosros hills, which are so cleverly
executed that the average person would never
rusnect them of being frourtous. Things .ij
jrreat value are always selects for 1mlt*tlen.
notably Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which has
i"any Imitators hut no equals for disorders
like Indigestion, dyspepsja. constipation, ner-
V« hiw»ii and , *TB**««1 i1«»rillltv. Always go to
reliable rin-greists who have the reputation of
(rlvlnr whnt ynu ask for. '
Experienced
Travelers
Prefer the luxurious
equ'pment of tbs
California Limited
Harvey Din'm Car, Obser- .
vation Car (with Ladles' '
Parlor), Buffet Smoking
Car (with Barber shop)
and Elegant Drawing-
Roam Pullmans. Leaves
San Francisco at 9 a.m. f_
every Monday and Thurs-
day on tha E
•¦ ¦ : ¦ _ . ' ¦ ¦ \
Santa Fe \
¦=.?2?SF22V. S PATENT RAPH>-ADJTJSTIN'O
RIBXE SIGHT doubles th« value of your rlfls
for huntinj. Once used always used. A»k
yoOT dealer for circular or send to FISCHER
ft BENNETT. 420 Monteomery St.. Saa Fraa-
cUco.Continued From Page One.
GOVERNMENT TROOPS,
Word has been received that Professor
D. P. Jenkins, head of the department of
physiology of Stanford University, will
arrive home from the Hawaiian Islands
soon after September 1. Dr. Jenkins has
been in charge of the United States Fish
Commission, which has been .working on
the islands during the summer. The com
mission will probably accompany him and
leturn later in the fall to renew investiga
tions, -f ¦ ' ¦
Professor Walter Miller, instructor in
classical philology and secretary of the
faculty of Stanford, has been granted a
leave of absence for one year and .will
start next week for his home in Ann
Arbor, Mich. The greater part of his
time will be spent in finishing a Greek
grammar that he wishes soon to publish.
Adolph von Noe, extension lecturer at
the University of Chicago, has been ap
pointed assistant instructor in the Ger
man- department at Stanford University.
He will take the'place of Professor Karl
G. Rudtarff, who is away on leave of ab
sence.
Several faculty members of Stanford
University, including Dr. Jordan and Pro
fessors Branner, Kellogg, Newsome, Dud
ley and Campbell, will attend the meeting
of the American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science, which will be hciil
In Denver on August 20. Each will read
a paper upon recent investigations in sci
ence. ' "The Fishes of Japan" is the sub
ject of Dr. Jordan's address.
Dr. Snow, who ..held Dr. Wood's chair
during his absence in Europe, has a leave
of absence and is now attending the Chau
tauqua School of Physical Training. He
expects to spend the greater part of Ms
vacation doing ¦ special medical work at
Johns Hopkins University.
Dr. Wood's successor has not yet been
appointed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 16.—
Dr. T. D. Wood has resigned his position
as professor of hygiene and organic train
ing, at Stanford University and accepted
a similar position in the teachers' college
of Columbia University. He will leave for
New York City on August 26 to attend to
the" physical education of students in the
normal school . and the practical experi
mental schools of Columbia University.
Courses of instruction in organic training
and hygiene will also be given by him at
that institution.
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
Palo Alto Faculty Members
to Attend Convention
of Scientists.
Instructor in Hygiene
Goes to Columbia
University.
STANFORD LOSES
PROFESSOR WODD
Since yesterday trains have been cross
ing the isthmus without military escort.
Several stations along the line have again
been garrisoned with small detachments
of troops. ¦'¦'
COLON, Colombia, Aug. 16.— The situa
tion yesterday was quiet everywhere, the
Government offices being closed in com
memoration of the feast of the Assump
tion. .
the Isthumus.
Trains Continue to Run Regularly on
CROSSING WITHOUT ESCORT.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— According to
the Tribune, a number of the officers In
the army of Colombia were educated in
the United States. Many of the native
officers have been trained by Captain H.
R. Lemly, United States artillery (re
tired), a brother of Captain Lemly,
judge advocate of the navy.
Instructed by Captain I»emly.
Many Officers of Colombian Army
TRAINED IN UNITED STATES.
The Tageblatt says the new German
cruiser Niobe Is going to Caribbean
waters after the autumn maneuvers, an«l
that she will remain there permanently.
It Is also expected that the German
cruiser Geier will go to the Caribbean
Sea wh^u she can . be spared from her
station in China.
BERLIN, Aug. 16.— The South American
difficulty is attracting much attention
here.- The German cruiser Vineta left
Bahia. Brazil, August 12 for Trinidad,
where she will await orders.
ing Much. Attention.
South American Difficulty Is Attract-
GESMANS ARE INTERESTED.
will leave port to-morrow. She has
been fully coaled for a week in expec
tation of receiving- orders for departure.
Captain Field, in. an interview this morn
ing, previous to receiving sailing orders,
expressed the belief that the Philadelphia,
now at San Francisco, would be ordered
south in preference to the Ranger, as she
could make the trip in less than half the
time. These facts are taken to indicate
that the department feels no need of ex
pedition in the matter.-
GLEN WOOD, .jWIs. ; ; Aug. ' 16.— Fire to
night ; destroyed .the city.; water works
plant and the stave mill of the Glenwood
Manufacturing Company. ' The . loss is
150,000.^.. :;. . - : - : i ¦¦¦ '.-. - . ¦ c;-'£\
dtv Water Works Plant Ruined.
No. 94S52 wins $7500, Bold In San Francisco;
No 48848 wins $2000, sold In' San' Francisco; No.'
67730 wins $1000, sold In San Francisco; No. 84856
wins $500,- sold in San Francisco; Nos. 51577, and
98701 each wins $250, sold In San Francisco and
Oakland; Nos. 33223, 64536, 71672,-79600 and 97941
each wins $100, sold in San Francisco and Wat
sonvllle. Cal. " . , :
1887. Drawing AugustMO, 1901.
«nn Francisco, Organized January,
The Original Little Louisiana Company of
L.ONDON, Aug. 16.— Mrv N Chamberlain,
an interview with whom is' published by
the Daily Mail to-day, : says there is no
foundation for the rumor that he intends
to make a tour of the United States and
the British colonies during the Parlia
mentary recess. He says -it is. doubtful,
owing to the pressure of public business,
whether he will be able to leave England
at all. '
The trial of Policeman O. H. Knight on
the charge of battery, for hitting James
Maddison, marine engineer, on the head
with his club last Monday on East
street was continued before Judge Ca-
Chamberlain Not to Come Here.
Trial of Policeman Knight.
E.- Hall of 6 East street wa»- treated at
the Harbor Emergency Hospital for an
incised wound on the left side of. the neck
and another on the right cheek, which he
received in a melee on East street.'
The Washtenaw, which has been unload
ing coal at Oakland for the railroad com
pany, completed discharging: yesterday
and left for Tacoma. ";. /••.,.' ¦-..* .
The barkentine Tropic Bird, from Ta
hiti, loaded with cocoanuts and copra, ar
rived yesterday at noon.
The British ship Balasore; with 4076 tons
of coal aboard, arrived yesterday from
Newcastle. Her cargo is consigned to J.
D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.
The Walla Walla will get out to-mor
row morning. Little difficulty was ' met
with in procuring men t&j,unload her and
put a return cargo aboard.N
A squad of ten policemen were on duty
yesterday at Harrison-street wharf guard-
Ing the non-union men engaged in loading
the steamer Argyll. \ The wharf Is cov
ered with freight and the longshoremen
were compelled to carry the Argyll's
cargo outside the gates, thus placing tnem
in danger of attack by the union hands
hanging about the dock. Several attompta
were made to reach the non-union hands,
but. the police were vigilant and prevented
any violence.
The steamship Peru, at Howard-street
p!er No. 3, will sail to-day. Her cargo
was put aboard by the ship's crew.
The collier Tellus is still at Dunsmuir's
bunkers, discharging. The task will not
be completed until to-morrow.
The only event of any importance con
nected with 1 the strike on the wat-;r front
yesterday was the. placing of a gang of
men at work on the South Portland at
Chandler's bunkers, where she has been
tied up for more than a week. The work
Of discharging her was commenced at 2:.1:j
p. m. on one hatch only, as enough men
could not be secured to form a full gang.
The Czarina, also loaded with coal, is
tied up at Chandler's bunkers. It is ex
pected that the work of unloading both
vessels will be accompll'3hed within tl:e
next few days.
Tied-Up Collier.
Gang Working One Hatch of the
LOS Aug. 16.— The jury in
the libel suit of W. C. Furrey against the
members of the Committee of Fifteen ! re
turned a verdict for the defendant^ this
afternoon. , The action ' was . based on a
report, published, last November by v the
Committee: of Safety,*, which . contained
statements concerning the dealings of the
W. C. , Furrey Company, hardware mer
chants, with the Board of ' Education In
1893-94 which Mr. Furrey regarded as II
belous to him.; He demanded $50,00T) dam-'
nees from the members of the Committee
of Fifteen that, formulated the report.
No Damages for Furrey.
8 The local supply of redwood shingles Is
exhausted. Builders are receiving cedar
shingles by rail from Washington as sub
stitutes. . •
The coal merchant secured a crew of
ten men, including a hoisting engineer."
Of his ten teamsters one refused to strike,
saying he would stay with the firm. The
Taylor coal bunkers at the foot of Frank
lin street were visited by several hundred
striking teamsters and 'longshoremen this
morning, but there was no ' disturbance.
A couple of policemen were on duty there,
orders being given to keep the wharf and
steamer clear -of .visitors. :
OAKLAND, Aug. 16.— With non-union
men James P. Taylor commenced this
morning to discharge the steamer Wel
lington, carrying 2800 tons of coal from
British Columbia. In consequence, the
union teamsters in 'Taylor's employ -were
called out and the Stevedores' Union or
dered its members not to work on the
vessel. Taylor tried to induce the union
to furnish him men upon an agreement
not to sell the coal to any San Francisco
dealers, but the union declined to accept,
claiming that orders had been issued
against handling the cargo of any vessel
that entered' the Golden Gate while the
strike was unsettled in San Francisco.
Oakland Bunkers.
Small Non-Union Crew at Work at
WELLINGTON DISCHARGING.
Alfred Franks, a non-union teamster,
residing at 22 Joost avenue, 'was attacked
by a number of men at the corner of Mar
ket street and' Golden Gate avenue last
night and badly beaten. He was taken to
the Emergency 'Hospital, where it was
found that he was suffering from a brok
en rib, lacerations of the scalp and a num
ber of bruises about the body. Franks,
who is 21 years of age and an ex-soldier,
claims that the men who assaulted him
were striking teamsters. i
Alfred Franks Badly Beaten.
Brit S. Harris has sued the Risdon Iron
and Locomotive Works to recover $5000
damages for personal injuries alleged to
have been inflicted upon him by special
police employed by the defendant corpora
tion to prevent the entry of strikers. Har
ris avers that on June 29 he went to the
works in re&ponse to a notification from
Superintendent Matthew Arnold, where
upon the guards, "without provocation,
cruelly beat him about the body and head
with clubs and fists until he was sore and
weak from loss of blood." -
Sues Assailant's Employer.
SOUTH PORTLAND DISCHARGING
George- Renner asserted later that no
conference of any sort had been held, an-'l
Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the Sail
ors' Union, said that nothing whatever
had occurred which made the prospect
better for the settlement of the strike.
The fact of th's conference became pub-
He, and various interested persons admit
ted that such a meeting was to be held.
Joseph Rothschild said the meeting was
in progress, but that it had nothing what
ever to do with the results of his confer
ence v.-ith Mr. Michael.
riraymen and Striking Teamsters
Have a Meeting. \
In line with the mysterious results of
the conference yesterday between M. F.
Michael, attorney for the Employers' As
sociation, and Joseph Rothschild, chair
man of the conciliation committee of the
Federation of Improvement Clubs, there
was a mysterious meeting held last night
between certain of the striking teamsters
and members of the Draymen's Associa
tion.
"Almost the entire list of painters," he
said, "that the Building Trades Council
asserts have granted the demand/ of
Painters' Union No. 73 are not master
painters, but merely journeymen painters
who sometimes contract as master paint
ers. They are not classified in the direc
tory as master painters. In the latest
directory none of the following appear
under the nead of master painters:' Snaw
& Donovan, O. Lenhart, Ostlund, E.
Ebnel, S. H. Hanson, L. L. Bondeli,
George Rice, George McCalron, C. Weber,
Morrison & Phillips, Max Bearl, William
Shaffer, Paul Agmar; Grodin," Hose &
Brown; New Chutes, Ekert, Englander,
Garfleld, George Burnett & Bros., Thomas
Peterson, Tim McCarthy of luJ Hayes
street and Tim McCarthy of Natoma
street, Herman Bros., Hasting estate,
Zelinski, Eugene Kellett, Cook Decorat
ing Company. C. F. Hagerman, Smith &
Ostrum, Barnes & Penn, Charles Wein
man and M. C. Munder."
Manager. Lytle of the Master Painters'
Association stated yesterday that, despite
the c?aims of the Building Trades Council,
not. a single member of the association
had thus far conceded the demands of the
journeymen painters.
Master Painters Are Firm.
MYSTERIOUS CONFERENCE.
matters by consenting to treat with com
mittees of strikers and civic organiza
tions, notwithstanding their ultimatum of
August 2. The strikers say they are will
ing to talk the matter over with the em
ployers, and that they will do their best
to effect peace so long as unconditional
surrender-is. not exacted from them.
In ' order to avoid trouble' if possible.
Captain Wittman has stationed a police
man at every corner from Market street
to Bryant and from Third street to Sixth.
Their instructions are to see that the non
union drivers and the special officers are
not molested. As soon as a non-union
driver appears with h!s team he is met
by a policeman and escorted to the next
block, ¦where he is turned over to another
officer. All along the street the sama
methods are pursued until the driver
reaches his destination and gets a receipt
for his goods. By these means the police
hope to prevent any attempt to injure the
nc-R- union drivers while they are deliver
ing a load.
The regular police officers who were
taken off the wagons were yesterday as
signed to duty along the principal streets
scuth of Market.
John Twedale, who was given a spe
cial's star Tuesday night, decided yester
day that he war. better fitted for other
work and handed in his resignation. His
place will be filled to-day.
Twenty-three additional special officers
were sworn in yesterday. They are as
signed principally to Curtln's Detective
Agency.
J. B. Murtha, who was appointed a spe
cial policeman Tuesday night, was yes
terday relieved of- his star and club by
Captain Wittman. Murtha is a striking
teamster. Aa soon as this fact became
known orders were issued to erase his
name from the list of specials.
• Relieved of His Star.
Auother meeting will be held, probably
on Monday, at which -a plan of campaign
will be adopted.
The retail grocers agreed to Interview
the strike, leaders and ascertain if they
would not consent .to some modification
of their demands as sent to the Employ
ers' Association. -While no radical modi
fications are to be expected, it was be
lieved by several speakers that both sides
to the controversy could make conces
sions which would be satisfactory, to all
concerned. .
The matter of securing the consent of
the Employers' Association to confer with
the strikers with a view to effecting a
settlement of . the controversy was dis
cussed at some length. The wholesalers
present said they would do all in their
power to bring about the desired result.
Another conference of the wholesale and
retail grocers was held at 123 California
street yesterday afternoon. There was a
large attendance,' and President William
Cluff of the Wholesale Grocers' Associa
tion presided.
Settle Strike.
Employers Will Again Be Urged to
LEADING GROCERS CONFER.
THE Iron Trades Council
adopted a resolution yester
day afternoon protesting em
phatically against the em
ploying of policemen as
guards for non-union teamsters.
The resolution Is as follows:
"Whereas, Since organized labor and
organized capital have been contending
for certain principles, that each party
in its wisdom deems of vital import
ance to its -existence and riirbts; and
whereas, organized labor on its port
has made a peaceable fight and at all
times has kept within tha bounds of
the laws of j the country, simply exer
cising such rights and privileges as
belong to any citizen at any and all
times; and whereas, the employers on
their part have utterly disregarded all
laws, usurped the powers of the city
government to the extent of demand
lne the use of the entire police force
for their special arid sole use as driv
ers of trucks, to create and promul
gate riots uboh the least pretext or
opportunity, to obstruct the free use
cf public streets and thoroughfares
and to shoot, club and intimidate citi
zens and taxpayers: they have also
openly violated the laws of the city
charter by swearing in as police (spe
cial) men who are not citizens or tax
payers of the city; men who are ex
convicts and disorderly characters,
who .->re a menace to the peace and
welfare, of the city in general; and
whereas, the Mayor and other city
officials have violated their oaths of
office In permitting these open ' vio
r latlons of the law and are willingly
lending their official aid to assist a
small wealthy combination of capital
ists to override and tyrannize every
citizen of the city, be he or not inter
€&ted in this controversy; __ therefore
be it /
Resolved, By the machinists in regu
lar session assembled that we as a
body of men 1700 strong and mostly
voters of the city of San FrancUco
do hereby protest most emphatically
azainst this • usurpation of our rights
and privileges as citizens: that we
condemn the action taken by the city
officials in their un-American discharge
of their duties; and be it further
Itesolved, That we now and here
after pledge ourselves to vote for none
but union men of unimueachable ln
tejjrity and character to fill every of
fice in the gift of the people, who will
discharge their duties for the protec
tion of the whole people.
H. M. BURNETT,
WILLIAM P. DELANET.
M. C. CUSHEN.
J. A. KELLY.
. Committee on Resolutions. .
IRON TRADES
COUNCIL MAKES
ITS PROTEST
baniss yesterday. ¦ For the defense Po
licemen T. J. Bailey. George Meyer and
H. J. Smith and Special Officers J. E.
Wheaton and W. H. Waite testified to the
crowd of strikers being on East street and
to having seen Knight hit' Maddison ! on
the back with his club. Knight testified
that Maddison' was the only one in the
crowd who did not move on and he hit
him on the back and shoulder. -Maddison
grabbed hold of him and called him an
offensive name. If his club had caused
the wound on Maddison's head it . must
have been by a glancing blow. The case
was continued till this morning so that
the physicians who attended Maddison
could be present and testify.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— It was an
nownced to-day at the headquarters of the
Shirt Makers'. Union that 1000 glrls^ would
be ordered to strike to-morrow. The union
says this order is the first of many unless
wages axe raised.
Thousand Girls Will Quit.
1 SHAFFER IS CONFIDENT.
Will Soon Be Closed.
President Believes That More Mills
PITTSBURG. Aug. 16.— "The spread of
the strike." said President Shaffer to
night, "has not surprised me. It la not
even up to my expectations. By this I
do' not mean that I am disappointed by
the way the men have come ouf. but I
am certain that more will come out in a
short time. All those who are out are
going to stay out, too. There is no rea
son for believing that the men in Mc-
Keesport will break away from their
present position, in spite of the stories
to the contrary. Other mills will be
closed before many days and the spread
of. the strike will go on with the same
regularity that has characterized It in
the past."
In reply to queries regarding the re
ports received from Assistant Seeretaiy
TIerhe. now fn Milwaukee, Shaffer said:
"I do not look for any statement from
Mr. Tighe until he returns home. He will
be too busy while on his trip to devote
PITTSBURG. Aug. 16.— A dispatch from
McKeesport says the strikers expect the
Duquesne plant of the Carnegie Steel
Company will be out in three days. They
say It Is organized and is waiting to co
operate with Homestead and Braddock
mills 1 " and that this is the trump card
President Shaffer has been holding. Trou
ble is expected if men are imported or any
other men return to work.
The tube welders published an an
nouncement to-day that they will Join no
union, but will remain out'while the strike
is on. Mayor Black refused permission to
the Socialist Labor party to hold a street
meeting. The Mayor also refused permis
sion to the strikers to hold a twenty
round fight between Jack McClelland and
M. Donovan for the benefit of ; < the strike
fund. ' -/ y- ¦V'Tv.*
Duquesne Plant People.
Shaffer Said to Have Called Out
The statement closes with an assertion
that one year ago the Amalgamated men
refused aid in settling the scale and that
at Connellsville and Cleveland the Amal
gamated men 'aided the company in filling
the places of striking tin plate workers.
PREPARING A TRUMP CARD.
"Finding at that time that the Interests
of the tinhouse men^were identical with
the members of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation we solicited Shaffer to enter Into
a defensive alliance to strengthen the po
sition of both organizations in trades dis
putes. Shaffer objected. He told us that
the Amalgamated Association stood for
the observance of its contracts and thit
it could not enter into any defensive com
pact which would obligate the association
to violate either the spirit or the letter
of Its signed agreements. He said he could
only promise the 'moral and financial' aid
provided in the laws of the American Fed
eration of fcabor, for which he acted when
he organized the tinhouse employes. We
finally got our scale adopted without any
assistance from the Amalgamated Asso
ciation."
PITTSBURG. Aug. 16.— A lengthy state
ment on behalf of the tin workers, made
public to-day, reviews the history of the
organization after the American Federa
tion of Labor convention In Kansas City
In 189$. President Shaffer conducted the
formalities of its organization. The state
ment says:
tion Is Made Public.
Review of History of the Organiza-
STATEMENT BY TINWORKERS.
MILWAUKEE. Wls.. Aug. 16.— The
members of the Bayview Lodge of the
Amalgamated Association of Iron. Steel
and Tin Workers will to-morrow decide
for a second time whether or not they
will obey the strike order of President
Shaffer. M. F. Tighe, rf presenting Presi
dent Shaffer, accompanied by W. C. Da
vis, vice president of the fourth district
of the Amalgamated Association, reached
Milwaukee this afternoon, but not until
late to-night did he have a conference
with President Redfern of the local lodge
relative to the date of the meeting.
As time goes on the chances seem to
.favar a strike, the sentiment In that di
rection seeming to have gained strength
Finoe the men at Joliet decided to go out.
There are, however, many conservative
members of the Bayview Lodge who favor
remaining at work. These t»re men who
have gone through strikes heretofore and
before another step Is taken the question
•will be weighed very carefully. Should
the men decide to remain at work and
should Tighe declare their charters re
voked the matter will be taken to the
next national convention for settlement.
Old members of the association say that
President Shaffer in calling the strike
acted illegally and violated the constitu
tion and further that a charter cannot be
revoked without a hearing before the dis
trict board.
Superintendent George Rels of the Illi
nois Steel Company's plant fn this city
says lhat in case the men remain at work
and the lodge's charter is revoked
his company will agrea to p«y the scale
the same as has been signed, and, furth
ermore, that if the men lose their charter
the *eale v.-ill be signed with the men as
individuals. The r-ituaiion Is grave. If
Jollet had continued- 3t work the Bay
view men would undoubtedly have fol
lowed their example, but since the Joliet
lodge changed front it would not be sur
prising if Milwaukee should take the same
courfce " .
Decision for Action on the Strike
Order Expected To-Day.
BAYVIEW LODGE XRTC^RTATN.
Two hundred men employed in the Na
tional Galvanizing Works of the National
Tube Company at McKeesport struck to
day. They were the last remaining work
men in the affected trades in that city,
and the tie-up is now as complete as
possible there. Many of the tube work
ers, although on strike, have refused to
join any union, and the opinion is ex
pressed, that there will soon be a break
among the strikers.
The leaders plan another rally for to
morrow night to re-enthuse men and
check any break that may be impending.
The organizers are working bard to keep
the men in line. They are also extending
their operations to Duquesne and Home
stead, the two great strongholds of the
Carnegie Company, and claim to be gain
ing ground at both places. The recent
gains here and at Joliet will bring the to
tal number of men brought out by the
third and final call of President Shaffer
to about 30,000 and press the grand total
to something over 70.000 men. Thousands
of the men out have found other work,
and the exact number now idle is un
known. The- Amalagamated Association
is organizing a series of employment bu
reaus, and plans to place many more of
the idle men. President Shaffer announced
to-day that after September 1 idle Amal
gamated men would receive strike bene
fits of $4 a week apiece, and that some
provision would be made for men outside
the organization.
Welisvilie. Hyde Park. Painter's,
Clark's. Lindsay & MeCutcheon's and the
Crescent Works, the six properties open
ed partly or in full with non-union men
rince the strike began, moved along to
day as usual. Another orew has been
secured for Pointer's mill. The other
Ignited States Steel properties unaffected
by th?. strike were also running without
interruption. President Shaffer and all of
his official associates except Assistant
Secretary Tighe were at the strike head
quarters, where a series cf conferences
were held during the day.
PITTSBURG, Pa_, Aug. 16.— The center
of interest in the steel strike to-day shift
ed to the West, where Jollet finally swung
Into line with the strikers, and Milwau
kee appointed to-morrow as the time for a
final vote on the subject.
The news that came out of the "West
cheered the strikers throughout the dis
tricts In this vicinity as no other develop
ment since the labor war was declared.
In their enthusiasm they count on favor
able action at Milwaukee to-morrow and
carrying their hopes still further they say
they will yet win Chicago over. These suc
cesses, they declare, with apparent con
fidence, will make them masters of the
situation and win the strike.
The steel operators, on the other hand,
cay the strikers are nearly at the flood tide
of their success and that when the ebb
comes it can never bi stopped.' They do
not seem to be disturbed by recent events
and with a confidence equal to that of the
strikers talk of the certainty of ultimate
success. They assert that popular senti
ment has never been behind the strikers,
and that the interest which was once
aroused by the contest is quickly waning.
They say they are more than holding
their own in the non-union plants that
¦were unaffected or have been started
since the strike began, and are perfecting
plans for reopening several plants now
Idle. They also say that many of their
men, particularly at McKeesport, Wheel
ing and Bellaire, were forced out by in
timidation and will come tack as soon
as the excitement dies out and their
safety is assured. Talk of peace has been
dropped fer the time being, and it is
agreed that in this present aspect the sit
uation indicates a prolonged and stubborn
contest.
More Employes on Strike.
Steel Operators Say They
Are Still Holding Their
Own.
any time to making reports. We will
know more about the feeling of the men
in the West, when a direct statement is
made from him. Any breach of the peace
that has thus far taken place since the
strike began has not come from us. but
from the other side. We have obeyed all
laws and counseled peaceful means in
the conduct of the strike. If the trust
continues to openly transgress the law
as it does in Monessen we cannot be held
responsible for the consequences."
Shaffer then went on to describe how
the Amalgamated men had had every in
ducement to riot and resisted the tempta
tion. In one or two instances the mat
ter had been referred to the authorities
In concluding this statement President
Shaffer said that he would always en
deavor to carry on this strike with per
fect regard for all laws. It had been
conspicuous for this reason thus far and
the Amalgamated Association intended
to show the people that the steel workers
were perfectly capable of handling the
contest, legally.
The strike leaders are confident that the
mgmbers of the Emnloyers' | Association
are beginning to yield to the tremendous
pressure brought to bear against them by
local merchants, whose business is suffer
ing greatly by reason of the strike. They
argue that the retailers are their allies
and that the complaints of these trades
men cannot longer be ignored by the
wholesalers, who in their turn are urging
the members of the association to end
Mr. Rothschild subsequently stated that
the declination of the association to ap
point a committee had nothing to do with
the secret project now under considera
tion. A similar statement was made by
Dr. Salfield and other members of the
committee.
There was no discussion of any kind.
Ex-United States Senator Charles Felton
was in attendance, but the request of the
chair for remarks from him was courte
ously declined. Mr. Felton said he had
come to listen, and not to have others
listen to him. The meeting, after empow
ering the executive committee to act at
its pleasure in matters affecting the set
tlement of the strike, then adjourned.
"We have learned something highly im
portant," he said, "but it would not do
to discuss It here. This meeting -should
never have been called."
This letter was read at the meeting of
the committee of one hundred at 1605 Polk
street last night. Chairman Rothschild
told of what had been done by the com
mittee in the interest of peace, but he
made no reference to his conference with
Attorney Michael. Mr. Barnes said that
the situation in view of Attorney Mich
ael's letter did not require discussion.
Kxecutive Committee of One Hundred— Dear
Sirs: I am instructed by the executive com
mittee of the Employe! s° Association to ad
vise you that they have had under considera
tion your communication of August 14, and
while .they lully appreciate your good offices
in the matter, they are of the opinion that the
plan for a conference as suggested in your let
ter is not under present conditions advisable.
Very truly yours, M. F. MICHAEL.
During the afternoon there was a meet
ing of tne executive committee of the as
sociation, as the following letter received
by Attorney Kothschild at 6 o'clock indi
cates:
SAX FRANCISCO. Aug. 16. 1901.
"Has any committee been appointed to
discuss the situation with a. committee
from the Federation of Improvement
Clubs?"
""There has not."
No Committee of Eight. .
"The situation is just as it was three
weeks ago," he said, '^Tiie Employers'
Association has expressed its views and
there is nothing to add thereto." ¦
"How about your consultation 7,1th At
torney Rothschild at noon?"
"I nave nothing to say," was the de
cisive answer.
p^ri-sa HE first ray of sunshine to break
I through the gloom precipitated
I by the strike, indicating that the
il present situation is not absolutely
hopeless, presented itself at noon
yesterday, when M. F. Michael, counsel
for the Employers' Association,'consent
ed to meet Joseph Rothschild of the com
nilttee of one hundred of the Federation
of Improvement Clubs. After'a long con
sultation the two attorneys separated un
der a mutual pledge exacted by Attorney
Michael that the result of the conference
would not be divulged under any circum
stances "until the matter under consider
ation was in perfect shape to make pub
lic."
"I am not at liberty to say anything at
this time," said Attorney Rothschild after
the meeting. "I will make the admission,
however, that since my talk with Mr.
Michael f am more hopeful of an early
settlement of the strike. Until a certain
affair of importance has developed more
fully neither Mr. Michael nor myself is
privileged to discuss the * subject of our
conference." t "/
"is it probable that the Employers' As
sociation will consent to appoint a com
mittee to confer with committees of the
feueration of Improvement Clubs ana
the strikers?" was asked.
"I think so," was the reply.
When Attorney Michael was asked if
there was anytning new relative to the
attitude of the association toward the
committee of one hundred he replied in
the negative..
Joliefc Men Swing Into
Line With' the Union
Forces.
STRIKERS HEAR
CHEERING NEWS
THE SAN y FRANCISCO CALL\ SATURDAY, AT) GUST 17, 1901.
Attorney Michael Has Conference With Chairman of the Con
. dilation Committee and Announcement Is Made That
To-Day May Bring Important Developments*
PROMISE GIVEN OF NEGOTIATIONS
THAT MAY BRING STRIKE TO END
5
ADVERTISEMENTS. '. ' '^
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of v^=~^^;
Very sxcall and. as easy
to take as sugar.
9FF I O k DTTD'C I F0R HEADACHE. CCD
btL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. b "
GENUINE f !Ve E R "r?Kuyer. GENUINE
H pii LLS F0R COaSTIPATIQH.
WRAPPFR H m FOR SALLOW SSCIK. WRAPPFR
WHAPPhH [FOR THE COMPLEXION WKAffLK
. . cKXVrcsn nusTHAve»yjMATu«e.
25 cSits I mrely VegetaDlB-^^^w^^^
'IPRIN.TED ON K.E3D PAPER."
.RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tritlnt l«>i»w#. nnil itr* «lu«> i<» nrrlf* m*
WAN PUAMCIHCO.
(Main Line. Foot of M.rkat Stre.l)
LKATB — FHOU JUXT li. 1901. — AK&IYsl
7:OOa Benlcia, Sulguu, Elmlr* and (Sacra*
memo •:*3p
T:OO.i V*ci»ill8, Wictsn, Rumser 7:33p
<>U»* Murtiiiox. S»u Uauiuii, Vallejo. N»p«»
Caltstos* ami Santa, Uoss, •tSSr
8:O«a Davis. Woodland. Kntgnts Landing.
ilar>s»ille, Orofilla.. 7:.M»
8:00* Atlautlu Kxpreu— Ogden aad Salt 18:25 r
ftt»i»A Niles. Lathrop. Stockton 'iJt^r
StUOANUea. Mondota. Hauford. Visalla.
rortcrrille 4:33r
I:S»a Shasta Express— Dutlg, Wllllami (for
Bartlett Spring). Willow*. Bad
Bluff, Portland. 7iSSp
¦ •HO a Sau Joae. LiTenaore. Stockton, ,
lone. Haenmento. PlacerTillo.
M»rjrsTUIe, Chlco. Jtcl III11IT «iS3r
. »!?«» Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemite), Ho-
nora. Carters 4iS3»
U:OOa ITayward. Niln and W»i Stations.. H «»**
•iWOa Vallrjo I;ti23r
•tOOA Los Angeles Express — Uaitliies.
Tracy, Lathrop. Utooktou. Merced
Fresno and Loa Angeles 7iS3p
9t»»A Talieio. Martinez and Way Stations 7i.13r
¦ OtOUa The OferUnd Limited— Ogdan. Den.
Ter. Uiuaha. Chlcaco Si-iJr
tl:««r Saurainauto UWer »i.e*iner« t»iOl»A
8:3«p Hayward. NUrs and Way Buttons.. 7i33r
«i»»r Ueulcla. Winters, Haoramento,
Woodland. Knights Laudiug.
MurjiTllIe. Orofllle IOsSS*
«]O»F Martin**. Han lUiiion. W.iojo, . ¦
Napa. Oallntoica. »>nU Itoss, »<S.-*4
4 iOOt NUes, LlTermoro, Stockton, Lodl... 13i»3p
4>:i«'p Harvard, Mies, Nan Joae, LlTermore t»' s 3*
4:3(»p Port Cos-a. Tracy, La'.hrop, Stockton. 1ui33a
SiOOrTlie Owl Limited— rresuo. Tulire.
BakersOeld. Haupis (or Santa, B»r-
bara. Los Angeles.. ............... Bi33a
Bioop Maxtinrz. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno lt>23r
S:O»f Yosemite ViUHt
¦>3ttr New Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresno. Bakersneld. Los Angelea.
Ifcmtng. tl Faso. 2iew Orleana
and East 7(83*
•:flOr Bay ward, Nile* and Saa Joss....... 7i33»
f«:OOr Vallejn 1 1 1»34
•tOUr Oriental Mail— Of don. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago 13:23r
¦rOOr Oriental Hail— Ogden. Denver.
St. Lonls, Chicago. 4il3r
TiOOp Oregon and California ICxnrens, Mao-
rameiitii, MarysTllIe. Kedillnc,
rortlun.1. l'iii{ei Himiil ami Kask 8i3-1*
•••3r San Pablo. Poit Costa. Blartinea
and Way Stations Ilt23A
l»»O3r Vallrjn 7t33f
COAST LINE (.1»rro«f 4.'»u B «).
' (Foot uf M»rkctS tro«l.>
t7s43A Santa Crm Excursion to H»nta Cma
and Principal Way Stations.. JSiOSy
•ilSa Newark, CVnter»i:ie.,ian. loss, li>lton.
Iloulder Creek. clan ta Crux and Way
Buttons 3i3«»
ta«l»r Newark C«iiterilll». San Jose, N>*
AlmaiUu, FeltoD. Koulder tjreok.
BanU Cnu and l'ritiulual Way
Stations lOi.Tn*
«il.1» Newark. Han Jose. LosGatoa ?•:.-»•» a
«4tl3p Glenwood. Boulder Croek. Santa Cro» « »i3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY,
mm Sll fUSClSCO— tan of Karket Strxt (Sh? ft—
t1:lS »:00 11:00a. U. 1:03 3:33 0:15m*.
rroaOtlUlB— rtal«fBrM<iiiaj.-.f rt-.OO t8:00 13:01
10.00 a.m. 12:03 2:C3 *«:00 r.u.
COAST LJNB (Broail «»b««).
(Third Hiid Towusen.J Sts.)
6: 1 <>a San Jose and Way HUttoua....^.... ««:i«»A
t7:aOA Han Joee mul Way 8Uti»ua. M li«»P
/7i»ua New Aluiadeu / -S«1O»
t7iKOA Sunday Excursion for Saa Jcsa,
Hant» Cruz. Pacifio Gror« and
Principal Way SUtions ISiSOt
••••a Man Jose. HoUbter. H«iita Crux,
P» cllio IIioTs. eaUnaa. ban Lids
Obispo. Santa Barbara and Frin-
dpal intermediate Htntfons 7i30»
JOiSO* Sao Jose and Way Stations..., OiSOr
IltStlA H>iti J one ami Way SUtions 5iU0»
tSii&r 8a:« Mateo; Itedwooil. M?n!o Park.
Talo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Jos*.
HoUIster. Santa Crux, Salinas,
Monterey and 1'aelBc Grove tl*>43a
SilOr 8an .lose. Tres Pioos. Santa Cruz.
Padflc Grove and Way Btatlona 4tWr
f4<13,> San Joaeaiid l'rlnoip*l Way Stations »i41t
«3t«Or San Josn. Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Stations f9jOOA
S:3Of Ran Jose and Principal Way Stations S<36*
•>O0p Redwood, Han Jos«, Gilroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Lou Angeles. ..... 10:03*
CtSOr San j«se aud WayMtatioua t *•:«»«*
«l I ;*•-»!• San .lfiseaml Way Stations 7»3»r '
A for Morning. 1" for Afternoon.
tHnndayeieepted. t Snnday only.
« Satnrday only. • Monday.
s Saturday sni Sonday. / Taeadays and Fri<3*j«.
CALIFOHHIi 50RTHIESTEBIBI.CQ.
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AilD NORTH PACIF18
railway company.
Ttburcii Perry. Foot of Markat Sfc
San Fran:is=o xo San Rafael. -
WEEK DATS-7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a.^ m.; U:33.
3:30 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:».
S:CO. 6:20 p. m.
ban Raiasl toSan Fpanclsco. .
"WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5S
and S:3o p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. m. '
I^ave I In Ettect I ArrlT«
San Francisco. |AprtI 28. 1301.1 San Franctseo.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | Destination. \ daya. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm <:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am "Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
. ¦ . Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am 110:25 am.
3:30 pm| S:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
7:30 am - ' 10:40 am 10:23 am,
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm • «:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:10 am
. and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am | 110:40 am]10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmj Sebastopol. | 7:35 pml 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John* Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. TTsal. Wtlltts. Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. ScotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
ticket Office. 63» Market street. ChroaicU
Building-.
H. C "WHITING. R- 3C RTAN_ .
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ant.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS.
Dally Palace ami Tourist Sleepers.
Dining Car. Meals a la Cart*.
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP BATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.
E. S. BLAIR, Gen. Agt. 633 Market St.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEAB5T ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment nf Private
Diseases, Lout Man nood. Debility or
divas* wearing: on bodyanrt mind and
Skin Disenscs. The Doctorcure*w!ien
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
«.'nre< euarnntrrd. Cnllor wriUfc
Dr. J. JE". ti I UBO.V, Uau Francisco. Cal. _ •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Does not depend on the start but on the
finish. It's staying power which carries
many a runner to victory.- It's like that
in business. Many a man starts off in
the race for business success with a
burst of speed which seems to assure
victory. Presently be begins to falter
and at last he falls and fails. The cause?
Generally w stomach trouble." No man
is stronger . than his stomach. Business
haste leads to careless and irregular eat-
ing. The stomach and other organs of
digestion and nutrition become diseased.
The body is inadequately nourished and !
so grows weak.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
strengthens the stomach and so strength-
ens the whole body which . depends on
the stomach ' for / the nourishment from
which strength is made.
There is no alcohol in w Golden Medical
Discovery,'? and' it is. entirely, free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
Accept no substitute " for * the " Discov-
ery /', . There i is no medicine "just as
good "I for, diseases of the stomach' and
allied organs:,
"Your ! Golden N Medical Discovery' has per-
formed' a wonderful cure," writes Mr. M. ¦ H.
House,' of : Charleston. Franklin Co., Ark. "I.
had; the worst, case of dyspepsia, the ¦ doctors
say,' that they ever saw./ After trying seven
' doctors and everything I could hear of, with no
benefit.1 tried Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery, and now I ani cured." ' * :
/ Dr." Pierce's Pleasant Pellets . cure
'constipation: ¦ ' ' \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whoever you are, Fels-Nap-
tha, the money-back soap, ap-
peals to you, to ease the washing
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAVING IS EASY,
But fortune comes to those most skillful
in exercising It. Our laundry work Is sav- :
ing in wear of garments and satisfactory
in results.
Perfect methods result in perfect work —
that and that only is what we turn out.
No saw edges. ' "
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Streat
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland 'Off lee— 54 San Pablo Ava.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SANBEN1T0C0.
To raise money to build a large furnace on
this mine we will sell treasury stock for 5Oc
per share until further notice. . Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock is all sold and
! Issued, and we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
H. R. BRADFORD, General Manager.
7 North Market St., San Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office. 413
Keamy St., San Francisco.
¦'¦ F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF AHATGHYl
A (2) 1351KA2SITST.lot.e:h*7i,S.r.Ci!. k
\ Q^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
tL 5??S?*^s' **«"* l»»««»«-"j'c-ardiTy\™e"olde>t T
0 IS §S I b P eclallst on tlj e Coait Em. 36 years. «p
6 fl^Fg DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN I
\ inSraij Consultation free and strictly private. \
W B A*Vt H TrM ":'e"t personally or by letter. A A
\ S W »K Po ' i ' ire ''""in erery case undertaken. \
BVll tlW w "te for Bmk. FHII.OSOI'M V of A
"l I MARRIAGE. HAILED FREE. (AY
X y, valuable book for mm) * . >
" OB. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market St..S. F. V
ft I rp r« nil ft I Corner Fourth and
CAFE BOllLss*'^
Vita Is. •1U1UL- C Overcoats and
vallsfs checked free.
BATT.WA-y THA VEIL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
— Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:03 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vi«alia... 3:40 p 4:48 a
". Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p *>:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a ........
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning- p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car. runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. • No . second-class
. tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday/ '
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at' 12:30 p. ra.
daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist - Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily. •
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train nrrives v at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and ! in F^rry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. ' ¦
KORTH PAGIHC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Parry.
Commencing April 23. 1901. •
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. <9:30, 11:00 a m.
12:45. *1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley, and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. *10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. »3:45, 5:00, 6:00. 7:30
p. m. - 11:00 a--m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. . .
Trainc marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:33. 10-15
a m.. *12:25. 1:13. 2:20. *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:0O. 9:45. *11:00 a. m.. M*
m.. 1:00. 2:15. *3:20. 4:30. »5:45. 6:45. 7:30. 10:13
p. m. ¦ ¦¦¦. •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
-WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:35, 8:55, 1J.30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. : Wednesdays
and Saturdays at ":1" and 10:33 p. . m.
SUNDAYS— 6:S5. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15
V>0 » 30 3:45. 5:(H). fi:l.V 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
" • THROUGH TRAINS. >«
6:35 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way 8ta-
tlons. ' ' ¦ . ' ¦ -
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . • • ' - ¦¦
' 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Torr>ale»'and way stations. . -
6 a. m.- Sundays — Cazadero and. way stations.
10 a. m': Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. ¦ ' - . ' :
MOUNT JAM ALPAI5 RAILWAY
TU SaaMliu ferry— F«m »f If ukst St.
if «y« sjkn r«*n. ¦ '":':¦' .;»k«iv« •»» n»»n.
¥£i St.... WHEK DAYS..... t £g£-£
8.-00 a. m. \ , 12:15 P. m.
9:00a. M. , .1:15 p. u.
10:00 A.M. I 8DNDATI -850 P.M.
11:80 a. m. ••— •• b O» da »» 4»0p.ic
130P.lt. : 5*) P.M.
• • 3:80 P." M. J . ¦-.-•; 7:10 P. u.
Ptre. S»n rrwittSM u Brandt ssd Betwn. Sl.M
. Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & SansalUo ferry, .The self-styled Progressive Democracy seems to
have struck a snag in an effort to raise money for the
Ohio campaign and is no longer' progressing.
J. "No^ oh, 'no: ¦ we "ean't afford'. to go to
the kind of place that .would satisfy her,'
Chicago , Record-Herald, -
• "Do you take your cook away, with you
in the summer?" - . ;
; Since " Santos-Dumont cannot make a trip round
the Tour Eiffel in a balloon it is mo're evident than;
"ever that when'Andree tried to make a journey in. one
tothe northpole he was a long way aheadfof the pro-
ccs'sion. .¦;.¦;¦' . ; - '-•¦'/ : ; ;./V:. -_ y .
The Boer war has had a worse effect on Kipling
than on the Poet Laureate, and as a consequence the
former favorite is now getting more scorn from the
critics than the other fellow.
;In a recent dispatch General MacArthur is credited
with the very wise and by no means-new suggestion
that Providence is a poor mainstay in war. :^The
general evidently has some confidence in his guns
and 'the men behind them.
Alas! It is sometimes true, that we mis
take the , pinnacle of price for the pin
nacle of artl— Baltimore American,
."The performance reaches the highest
pinnacle of dramatic art,", wrote the
Press Agent. ;
; "Isn't that rather a strong statement?"
asked the, Dramatic Editor. _ , :
• "Oh, no. We're , getting $5 for general
admission." , - IvvfoS
A New York actress who a year ago sued a man
for breach of promise is now suing him. for a di
vorce. If her pleadings in the second instance are as
correct as they were in the first she has a very bright
prospect of losing her case. •.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 16.— The following
Callforniaris have arrived: At the Ra
leigh—George Uhl and L. Golly of Oak
land. . ; : '¦¦¦¦, ' \"" ; >'"
The police officials of New York, who' are again
under the lash for alleged corruption, are crying that
they have enemies enough already. If current reports
of police crookedness be rtrue, these -enemies ought
to be encouraged by the reputable people . of the
metropolis.' ... v; "t.iK'-"- \ %
LADY— M. A. J., City Thft fr.lT« V
is given as the reason f : or ™ tn 6 JhL^
of the term "lady" aa applied to W omf n "
"As I have." writes a contributor t? arl
early issue of the Gentleman'a Magazine
•studied more what appertain? *£??&
ladles than to the gentlemen. 1 W 7u
satisfy you how It came . to paw fthat
women of fortune were called ladles even
before their husbands had any title t o
convey that mark of distinction to then?
You must know then that heretofore^
find SS, £? hl °", f ° r thoae 'amlliefl tha
God had, blessed with affluence to live
constantly, at their mansion houses in
the. country and that once a week r.^
{«?;». Jhe lady of tha'manor 'dis
tributed to- her poor neighbors, with her
own hand., a certain quantity of bread
and she J; was called by them laef-day
that is in Saxon, bread-giver,- These two
words were in time corrupted and~*he
meaning .is now aa lii>la known as the
practice that = gave rise : to It : yet It Is
from this hospitable custom that to this
day .the ladies in. this; kingdom alene
serve the meat at their own " tables '•¦¦
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Augl 16.— The following
Calif ornlans have arrived: San Francisco
— W. G. Tobey, at the Manhattan: G.
Lang, at the Grand Union; D. Knight, at
the, Marlborough. Los Angeles— F. G.
Schumacher, at the Park Avenue; , H. C.
Ackerly, at the Holland. .
TO EXTERMINATE ANTS-K S V '
Berkeley, Cal. It is difficult to Scter"
minate small red ants from a lawn with
out injuring the grass. The use of bi
sulphide of carbon is recommended It
only temporarily destroys the verdure of
the grass Dlats immediately above tha
nests It turns the grass yellow fora
few days, but does not impair the vitality
of the plant. .The nests of tlft small red
ants are very small, and It is sufficient
1? P ,° U v.. a half tables Poonful or so of the
bisulphide into the principal hole of tne
nest and destroy or cover up the sand!
like mound. With the more exteSJve
nests of large ants it would require!
tablespoonful of ,.the liquid "do W? each
of the principal holes of. the nes't and
then cover them for ten or fifteen min
utes with a wet blanket after exDlortin^
the vapor at the mouth of the hS° w th
a torch or lighted kerosene rag at the
end of a long. pole. ?• \ ine
Republicans, however, have not been content with 1
exposing the humbug of the State issue raised by the
Democrats. "They have in their platform declared the
real- nature of the issues that confront the people
of Maryland.' The State and also the city of Balti
more have long been under the domination of politi-,
cal bosses, one of ..whom and the chief is, Arthur Pue-
Gorman himself. Another, prominent member of -the
gang is a Baltimore boss named Rasin. ¦ The'Repub-
MARYLAND Republicans have met the Dem-,
ocrats of that State fairly upon the issue
chosen by the Democrats themselves. Since
Mr. Gorman induced his party to ignore not only
Bryan but all national issues as well and to ask sup
port of the people upon State issues only, the Re
publicans have consented to waive every advantage
of the prestige of the party in national affairs and
have started out to meet their opponents on the
ground chosen by themselves.
About the only State issue the Democratic* con
vention could conjure up was that of suppressing the
colored vote. They have raised the cry that Maryland
is in danger of negro domination and that all white
men should vote the Democratic ticket in order to
secure a white man's government. It is on that'plat
form and with that sort of a campaign argument they
are now seeking to capture the State that they may
return Gorman to the United States Senate...
That the cry of negro domination in Maryland is
but a bugaboo has been convincingly shown by Mr.
Goldsborough, chairman of the Republican State
Central Committee. In a recent statement he says:
"The suggestion that the more than 80 per cent of
white population^ the- State is in jeopardy, from any
standpoint, from the less than 20 per cent of negro*
population is an insult to a brave and intelligent peo
ple. ,. There has never been a time when there was not
a white man's government in Maryland, and as "the.
percentage of colored people has steadily, decreased
each decade since 1810, when it was 38.22 per cent, to
(the present time," when it is but 1978 per cent, the
puerility and absurdity of crying aloud for a white
man's' government are apparent."
A RIVAL IN TRADE— A. I. A. C.', City.
The fact that a man is engaged In busi
ness undersells another In the same line
of business, says that he would not be
an American citizen, but that he is here
to earn all he can so he can return to his
native country, is no excuse for revoking
his license. To commit treason against
the United States one must be engaged in
levyingwaragalnst.lt. The fact that
a man expresses his opinion that he
"oT^reas^ " ?$gf CUlZen Is
THE MARYLAND CAMPAIGN.
POSTOFFICE REVENUE— F. S. H.,
City. The receipts of the PostofQce De
partment for the fiscal year ending June
30, 18S9, were $95,021,384 and for 1900 $102,
354,579. To ascertain the number of stamps
sold during those years address the First
Assistant Postmaster, Washington, r>. C.
The young lady with the green-threaJed
coat and Devonshire hat was Interested in
looking" over books In McClurg's.
"Where Is 'The Gentleman from Indi
ana'?" she asked of the new clerk— he of
the auburn hair flowing from the middle.
"Why. I used to live In, Indiana, mad
am,' said he. with a conscious blush even
redder than his hair.— Chicago Record-
Herald.
Deancon Dunkirk— Brother SnoozerJs
having his church pew upholstered.
Deacon Danbury— Is, eh?
Deacon Dunkirk— Yes: he's been losln<
sleep on Sundays because the seat was so
uncomfortable.— Ohio State Journal.
Poetic Bridegroom— I could sit here for
ever, gazing Into your eyes and listening
to the wash ' of the ocean.
Practical Bride— Oh. that reminds me.
darling; we have not paid our laundry bill
yet.— Brooklyn Life.
"We had a big argument at our llter
! ary club this afternoon," said Mrs. TlSS
"That so?" asked Mr. Tigg. "Some
body have a new hat?" t
"No, indeed. It was that proud Mrsy
Readem. She claimed that she could un
derstand Henry James. Said she had
found the key to nts stories, and that It
was to read them backward."— Baltimore
American.
Church— You say he goes out In his
automobile just to kill time?
Gotham— Not altogether: he killed a
couple of dogs yesterday.— Yonkers
Statesman
Why Is it folks sit this way in
The car we miss.
While In the car we catch at last
We'rejammedlikethis?
—Philadelphia Press.
"If you would like light reading:." said
the girl, "here is a very good book— 'A
Trip to he Moon.* " • 4
"I prefer something: deep," said he:
"something like 'Twenty Thousand
Leagues Under the Sea.* "—Chicago Rec
ord-Herald.
¦ ? m
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
» ? •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per L at Townsend'3.*
¦ • «
Special information supplied dally to
business house* and public men by tha
Press Clipping Eureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042." •
It is all very well for man to boast of
his superior courage", but when any queer^
noises are heard around the house aff
night, It Is usually the woman who goes
first,
— ; ~*~ : — ,. •
6 tops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Or.
Siegart'a Genulce Imported Angostura Bln«rs-*
Senator Tillman's recent speech in Wisconsin de
fending lynching has not been received with favor in
South Carolina. For example, the Columbia State
says of it: "Every speech of that kind is an
obstacle in the way of better, saner and safer rela
tionship between the two races. It is a fomenter of
discord and distrust, an excuse for hostility and
hatred."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
REPORT OF CANNON-S. A. W., City.
The greatest distance ever recorded at
which the sound of cannon has been heard
was on the 4th of December, 1832, when
the report of the guns at Antwerp were
heard in the Erzegebirge. The mountains
are 370 miles from Antwerp.
ALASKA— G. E.O., City. The coast line
oft Alaska is 13,211 miles. This is longer
than the coast line of the United States
proper 1 .
Henry C. Davis. Dr. and Mrs. Simon
Barnes and Mr. and Mrs. B.. M. Barnes
of New York compose a party of wealthy
Eastern people who arrived 1 here yester
day in a private.car. They are on a pleas
ure trip to^the* coast and have taken
rooms at the ; Palace.
Frank Adams, president of the Police
and Fire Board of Denver, la at the Pal
ace, accompanied by his wife and son.
H. P. Anderson, a prominent attorney of
Red Bluff, is among the arrivals of yes
terday at the Grand.
"¦': j. 'Ji. "Wood, a wealthy wool buyer of
Boston, Mass./fs a guest at the Califor
nia, where he* arrived yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. James N. Kinkead are reg
istered at the Palace from their home in
Virginia City, Nev.
E. W. Churchill, the Nap'a banker, Is a
guest at the Palace. He is accompanied
by 'Mrs. Churchill. .
Judge'and Mrs. S. Solon Hall are regis
tered at the Grand 'from their home In
Sacramento.
• Mr. and Mrs. "W. M. Benton of Peoria
are among the late, arrivals at the Occi
dental. 7/
A. G. Wheeler of New York is at the
Palace -while on a short business trip to
this city. > .
State Senator K. I* Hart of Tucson,
Ariz., is among the recent arrivals at the
Grand.
T. A. Kearney, U. S. N., Is a guest at
the Occidental.
General J. "W. B. Montgomery of Chico
is at the Grand.
J. M. - Day, a mining man of Los An
geles, is at the Grand.
Mayor George H. Clark of Sacramento
is at the Lick with his wife.
P. H. Rice,- and wife are registered at
the Occidental from Hilo, H. 1.
E. E. Bush, a wealthy real estate man
of Hanford, is staying at the Lick.
H. D. Chandler, a" wealthy lumber man
of.Vacaville. is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. E. W. Biddle, a leading medical man
of Healdsburg, is a guest at the Lick.
NEXT LEAPYEAR— A. 0. S., City. The
next leapyear will be 1904.
By comparing the articles exported by us '.to Ger
many with those imported from that country it will
be seen that should there be any such improbable
thing as a tariff war between the two nations the ad
vantages will be. on our side. We send to Germany
vast quantities of foodstuffs that are necessary for the
living of her people and a good deal of raw material
and machinery for her factories, while we import
hardly anything that we do not produce in our own
country. Without American corn and wheat and
meat products the German people "would fare much
worse than they do, while were we to lose the bulk
of our imports from Germany our- working^people
would hardly know it.
The statement of :he bureau goes on to say: "On
the export side the greatest growth has been during
the last five j-ears, in which time our exports to
Germany have doubled, being in 1896 ; $97,897,197,
and in 1001 $191,072,252. The growth is distributed
among a large number of articles. Comparing our
exports to Germany in 1895 with those of 1001, corn
has increased from $1,672,539 in 1895 to $17,305,229 in
1901; wheat, from $1,522,736 to $7,871,573; lard,
from $8,018,516 to $13,700,875; oil cake and oil cake
meal, from $2,339,885 to $5,242,624; flour, from $740,
264 to $2,011,259; agricultural implements, from
$556,914 to $2,677,319; and copper, from $1,604,390
in 1895 to $7,785,496 in 1901. Machinery of all kinds,
including steam engines, increased from $1,595,135 in
1895 to $8,109,095 in 1900, the figures for 1001 in this
item being not yet available. On the import side the
articles which show the greatest growth during the
last decade are coal tar colors and dyes, chemicals,
laces and embroideries, earthen, stone and china ware
and sugar. Coal tar colors and dyes have increased
from $1,272,275 in 1891 to $3,822,162 in 1900; other
chemicals, from $1,368,988 to $3,068,116; laces and
embroideries, from $945,186 to $2,402,372; earthen,
stone and china ware, from $1,475,057 to $2,787,163;
snd sugar, from $7,209,150 to $12,346,734."
The figures show that imports into the United
States from Germany have increased from $27,000,
000 in 1870 to $100,000,000 in 1901, and that our ex
ports to that country during the same period have in
creased from $42,000,000 to $191,000,000. Thus there
has been an increase of nearly 300 per cent in the
value of imports from Germany and of nearly 400
per cent in the value of our exports.
j-~i OR a number of years past there has been more
l~~< or less friction in our commercial dealings with
¦*¦ Germany. **Ve have had occasion more than
once to complain of an unfair treatment of our agri
cultural products sent to that,- country, while the
Germans, on the other hand, have not failed to»find
some cause of complaining of us. The recent draft
of a new tariff in Germany has given . additional
"vigor to the discussion of the trade relations of the
two countries, and accordingly there will be a good
deal of interest in the recently published bulletin of
the Treasury Bureau of Statistics showing the growth
of the conimerce of the two countries during the
last thirty years.
OUR TRADE "WITH GERMANY.
f. From that statement it appears Mr. Depew has his
Senatorship on his brain. He retires from the field
of interviewing because he deems the old sport in
consistent with his new dignity. It is sad to have to
exchange a unique master of the. art of being inter
viewed for. a very prosy Senator, but the country
must bear its fate. .
Some light upon the question is thrown by further
remarks of the Senator in the same conversation in
which he announced his retirement. For example,
he is reported to have -said: "As a United States
Senator I am precluded from discussing Lord Kitch
ener's proclamation. I presume*, Mr. Balfour and
Mr. Chamberlain will enlighten us on the subject
when they, speak at Blenheim, and it would - have
been a pleasure to rrie to be near them and witness
the demonstration at the Duke of Marlborough's
charming, palace had I not thought my. presence there
would' be misconstrued in the United States."
Senator Depew attributes his decision to retire to
the fact that his sayings and speeches have been
erroneously reported ever since he has been in Eu
rope. That, however, cannot be the real reason.
The Senator is enough of a logician to know that the
misrepresentation of his words by reporters in Eu
rope affords no valid ground for refusing to be in
terviewed by reporters in New' York, or Chicago.
The Senator's retirement, then, must be due to
causes oth'er than that which he gave, and the suf
fering public has an. interest in knowing what they
are. ... • ' •
Depew interviews have been a part of the lighter
reading of American people for the whole of this
generation. There was no topic of the time they
did not touch and they ' touched nothing without
telling a pleasant anecdote. That the anecdote was not
always relevant to the theme and never at any time
pointed a moral did not detract from the agreeable
ness of vrtiat he said, or at least permitted the re
porter to say for him. To have no more such inter
views will be a loss both to the passing and to the
arriving generation. The one will miss something
for which it lrad acquired a taste and a longing,
while the other will never have an opportunity to
study the interview as' a fine art and learn how to
say nothing in such a way that none but an expert
could find out that nothing had been said.
That the American people will receive this an
nouncement with regret goes without saying. Had
Depevv determined to retire from the Senate no one
would have cared, for we do not know him as a
Senator; had he decided to retire from business the
country would not lament, or even were he. to aban
don the habit of after-dinner oratory there would be
no mourning, for the world is now familiar with his
style of "piling story on story" and there are plenty
of younger men who can take his place. It is dif
ferent, however, with his retirement from the field
of the interviewer. There is no one in the whole
wide world to take his place' as a purveyor of inter
views for space fillers on every subject from the way
to solve the Chinese question to "what I would do if
I were to be born again."
SENATOR DEPEW recently announced in
London: "I am going to retire from the inter
viewing business permanently. I have served
my full, time and generally have enjoyed it; but
there have been so. many,, fictitious and erroneous re-,
ports of my sayings and speeches since I have ar
rived in- Europe this summer that I have determined
to, give "up the job.*' •
DEPEW'S RETIREMENT.
PERSONAL- MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
• • - ¦ .
SERMONS in etones have become common enough since geologists learned to
Interpret the secrets of fossils. To awake melodies and harmonies In peb
bles and rocks would seem a much more .difficult, if not Impossible,
achievement It has been accomplished, however, for there is in existence
a wonderful piano, the notes of which nre given forth by flints arrayed In
a regular scale. The tones of this geological plano^ are of remarkable quality.
Mozart dreamed of an orchestra of stones for the "Magic Flute." If the pa-
SceandsWU of the piano's creator and owner. M.!Honore Bajidre. could be
carried on to further lengths, it is not impossible that such an orchestra could
1)6 n^irawork of years, says L'lllustratlon. for M.Baudre to make the collec
tion of flints which constitute his geological piano. Tjhey are now to be seen at
an exhibition which is being held at Brest. The stones do nor bel ong to the class
of resonant rocks known as "phonolytes," such as are found in Auyergne not
far from Mont-Dore, but are flints collected by M. Baudre with Infinite toil and
search, each giving when struck a true musical note, r
By accident, while taking a country walk one day, he picked up a flint and
chancing to strike it heard a faint note respond to the blow. The idea took
Sd £ him to gather, if possible., enough flints to form a complete ehromaUe
scale Difficulties in the search for such stones only increased his ardor. For
more than thirty years he pursued the quest, making it the principal aim of his
life to form out of a collection of flints the instrument he called the geological
Pla Fro'm the neighborhood of the little village of the department of L'Indre, where
he lived and. first met with the singing flint, he extended his search far and
wide Only once 'in a while would lie hit on the Ideal flint which uttered a true
nbte'with generous vibration. That was finding the precious stone which repaid
him for his thousand and one disappointments, his toilsome wanderings, his dil
igent^ search in stony places. ,„,•,-, 4 •
-4fter many years he had at length got together the full scale in flint notes,
and numerous examples of each, with the exception of one. He had been so far
unsuccessful in putting his hand on the first "do." Perhaps it did not exist In
nature. He gave up hope that he could meet with it in France. He would try
Canada But th» New World showed no trace of the initial note of the octave,
and M Baudre returned to his native land resigned to the notion that the chase
must be abandoned in his old age. Fortune once again smiled and the stone of
Which he despaired suddenly appeared as he was walking in Berry.
"Advanced in years he now passes his leisure in playing, as he does with skill,
on this curious prano.
\ .- __.•¦.__............
M HONORE BAUDRE AND HIS UNIQUE INSTRUMENT OF RESONANT
FLINTS, CONSTRUCTED AFTER MANY YEARS OF PATIENT RE
SEARCH FOR STONES GIVING THE PROPER NOTES OF SCALE.
Since the Navy Department was so prompt in cen
suring Rear Admiral Evans for the strictures upon
Secretary Chandler, which he embodied in his book,
it is a little strange that something in the way of a
mild reproof at least has not been sent to Mr. Maclay,
the laborious historian who charged Schley with
cowardice.
Among the illustrators Maxneld Parrish,
Howard Pyle. Oliver, Herford. Frederic
Remington, Harry Fenn, Albert E. Ster
ner, Lucius Hitchcock, all send charac
teristic examples of their art, and there,
is also an excellent showing made by th«
engravers. ' -¦ •
Sculpture is very "Importantly represent
ed in the exposition. AH the famous
sculptors of the American and French-
American schools send specimens of their
craft— MacMonnles, ' Paul W. Bartlett,
Augustus St. Gaudens, Charles Nlehaus
and many others in the worthy list.
Work of the Sculptors.
From the Canadian room the visitor en
ters the large west gallery, which la filled
with the work of artists resident in Ames-
Ica, a splendid collection— John La Farge,
with his "Autumn" study; Tryon and
Dewing, with a wonderful composite
Btudy of landscape and figures; Cecilia
Beaux's admirable portrait group; soma
splendid Inness examples; the William M.
Chase portraits: Kenyon Cox's "Harp
Player" — one of his best efforts; William
T. Smedley, Abbott H. Thayer, George da
Thayer, Frederick P. Vinton, Thomas G.
Appleton. Robert Baandagee, George de
Forest Brush, Wilton Lockwood, Douglas
Volk, Charles Morris Young, Charle3
Hopkinson, Frank Fowler, J. Carroll
Beckwitb, Albert Herter, Anna Lea Mer
ritt and Emily Sartain. Louis Loeb has
his excellent painting of Zangwill, Bruco
Crane shows two charming landscapes.
J. Alden Weir exhibits a landscape and
figure group of much Interest and R. Sid
dons Mowbray, Charles H. Davi3 and A.
P. Ryder have a brilliant group of land
scapes.
Canada has a room to herself and makes
a most promising showing. Robert Har
ris, president of the Royal Canadian
Academy, >who shows a remarkable por
trait picture; Bruce H. Blair, with a bril
liant work entitled "The Bathers," and
William Brymner, with a lovely figure
fancy that he calls "The Grey Girl,"' arr.
a trio of whom the Dominion may be!
vastly proud, and the whole Canadian ex
hibit Is of exceptional merit. The selec
tion and hanging of the pictures was la
charge of the Royal Canadian Gallery.
The art loving? publle has been waltinsr
vr'th much curiosity to see what sort of
a.i exhibition upon an extensive scale
could be made of American art exclusive
ly. The exhibition is made at Buffalo, ami
it Is surprisingly good. American paint
ers, sculptors, architects and engravers
are all shown at their best. It will h*
h£rd to find a noted artist who 13 not rep
resented at all. and still harder to find one.
who Is not represented by his best work.
Among names distinctively Californl
an William Keith, who is represented
by two fine landscapes, and Charles
Rollo Peters, who has several of hi*
famous moonlight pictures, are the
most important. The landscapes nf
Mr. Keith bear comparison with the best
vrork of the American school of lanrt
scapc painting, and both his and Mr.
Peters' work sheds a considerable luster
on the growlns artistic reputation of the
State. ¦•
A brilliant group of painters represent
ed in the exposition galleries is that of
American artists resident in England and
France. To begin with. Whistler (James
McNeill. of that Ilk), who shows some- of
his marvelous portraits, a couple of water
colors and a splendid set of etchings. Then
comes Sargent, whose portraits are of the
art'stlc wonders of the day. with a. group
of six portraits. Opposite the Sarsent*
hr.ngs a lovely example of Edwin Abbey 3
genius. "The Penance of Elinor. t>uchesa
of Gloucester," and near by are to be seen
J. J. Shannon's charming "Miss Kitty
(the recipient of the first prize at the Car
negie Institute a year ago), a group of flva
examples of F. D. Millet's work, and the
famous Gladstone portrait by John Mc-
Lure Hamilton. W. L. Lathrop has soms
charming landscapes in this English-
American room, and other -notables repre
sented are Kenyon Cox. Alexander Har
rison (his "Le Crepuscule") and John W.
Alexander.
In the French group the large exampla
of Henry A. Tanner* 8 work, "Daniel in
the Lions' Den," is one of the most notable
pictures, and forms the center of a group
remarkable for rich tone and strong hand
ling. Julian Story exhibits three pictures,
two of them portraits of his wife. Madam
Emma Eames. Walter Gay has a dellght
ftri figure subject. "French Breton Peas
ants at Prayer"; William T. Dannat also
exhibits, and Gari Melchers has a couple
of splendid things. E.L. Weeks shows
seme of his famous Kastern subjects.
Charles Warren Eaton, with whose
work we are famTilar here, has two fino
landscapes, and Thomas Eakens a coupla
I of good portrays. . x
j Meritorious Canadian Exhibit.
It must in fairness be said that the Virginia poli
ticians are like their kind everywhere. They shy
and cry out about diseases in the body politic, but
are the last to vaccinate against them.. Just now
the Democratic politicians are badly in need of a
grievance. They find it in the justifiable public soli
citude over the aggregation of capital. That solici
tude will work out finally in the protection of in
dividual rights. This will be done by the enforce
ment of existing law, not by politicians, but by men
whose rights are imperiled. If such enforcement
demonstrate. the insufficiency of the law, it will be re
inforced. A very large number of existing combina
tions are destined 1 to fail because of inherent infirmi
ties. The watering of their stock is an infirmity that
is sure to cause disaster. When our fat years are
followed by lean ones, as they will be, such combina
tions will find their fictitious value shrinking down
to their real | foundation, and even that crumbling
under them. In. theend whatever is beneficial to the
people and the country's~commerce in the trusts will
survive, and what is noxious will perish.
The cold truth is that any man anywhere in the
United States can invoke existing law. If the Demo
crats of Virginia think there is not law enough their
Legislature can make more. It can outlaw trusts in
that commonwealth. It can refuse the benefit of its
collection laws to all articles imported there by
trusts. It can make illegal the collection of a bill
for powder, tin, steel, whisky and even for the- kero
sene oil used in burning negroes at the stake. It
can even make the sale of trust goods criminal and
prosecute to fine and jail the agents, drummers and
other representatives of trusts, and can make it a
criminal offense for 3 merchant to have in his pos
session and offer for sale the products of a trust.
Virginia has a quiver full of arrows for the criminal
trusts and illegal combinations of capital, but in
stead of using them she prefers to bluster and draw
an empty bow, for political effect.
The only Federal statute on the subject was
drawn by John Sherman, a Republican Senator from
Ohio.
Then why arraign the Republican party for a fail
ure to enforce existing law? Virginia is a Demo
cratic State. That party controls the executive, leg
islative and judicial branches of the State govern
ment. The presence of a criminal trust in that State,
as a buyer or seller, subjects it to Virginia law. Is
the Republican party responsible for failure to en
force the laws of Virginia in the Democratic courts
of that State? The civil law of Virginia is ready to
be invoked against illegal combinations. Why is it
not put in action? Do the Virginia Democrats in
tend to be understood as saying that only Republi
cans or the Republican party is charged with the en
forcement of existing law? The courts are open
everywhere, to any citizen who desires to rebuke the
violation of law. The Democratic .party was in
power in the National Government and a majority of
the States for eight years. At that time the oil and
whisky trusts and others were in existence. Accord
ing to the Virginia plank the Democratic party was
arraignable for failure to enforce existing law and to
enact laws against the trusts.
A motion for, a" bill of particulars would confuse
the makers of that plank. What is a. criminal trust,
and what is an illegal combination of capital? To
be criminal an act must be obnoxious to existing
criminal law. To be illegal a combination of capital
must violate aij existing civil statute. In either case
any citizen can invoke the law against that which
is criminal and that which is illegal."
THE Virginia Democrats cut loose from Bryan
and let loose on trusts. Their trust plank has
that delightful indefiniteness % which politicians
manage so well.' In full 'it reads: "We declare. un :
alterable opposition to the criminal trusts and to
every illegal combination of capital. We denounce
such trusts as a serious menace to public welfare, re
stricting the opportunities and absorbing the-sub
stance of the people. They are the direct product
of partial and unjust legislation, and a reckless mul
tiplication of corporations without suitable provisions
for their control. The rights of American freemen
must not be sacrificed in the interests of corporations
banded together for their destruction. We arraign
the Republican party for both its failure to enforce
existing laws and to enact laws against the trusts."
MUSICAL STONES MAKE
A REMARKABLE PIANO
That is the true purport and meaning of the State
issues in. Maryland this year, and when the votes are
counted after election day it is probable Mr. Gorman
will have reason to be sorry that he said anything
about State affairs at all.
That, then, is the issue that confronts the voters of
Maryland. It is not a question of dornjnation by the
colored vote but of domination by bosses who are
seeking" to suppress the colored vote and to nullify,
that of respectable white men. In fact, as the Bal
timore News puts it, the question is: "Shall the fruits
of twenty years of reform agitation, culminating in
the'great popular victory of 1895 over ring rule, be
surrendered? Shall we go back to the. domination
which for so long a period stifled all honest political
life and made corruption, fraud and subjection to boss
dictation seem the only possible condition . of 'public
affairs in the State of Maryland and. the city of Bal
timore?" •
Another ringing plank of the platform says: "We
appeal to all good citizens to unite in defeating the
selfish political bosses in their conspiracy, -begun with
the extra session to perpetuate themselves and their
methods, by one-sided elections, and to thwart the
first purpose of that conspiracy by defeating the elec
tion to the United States Senate of the Democratic
leader who dictated the disfranchising election law to
a servile Assembly. If we succeed we will defeat the
election to the United States .Senate of a man whose
views on tariff and finance fluctuate with political
exigencies, who is stable only in unvarying control of
the * Democratic party machine. If ; we succeed we
will forever destroy the power of that Democratic
city boss who, beyond the average span of human
life, has made legislation and controlled Baltimore
politics for revenue only." •
lican platform deals with these men directly. In one
plank it says: "The Republican party compelled offi
cials of the.'Gorman-Rasin administrations - to dis
gorge public moneys and collected public dues from
long exempted corporations. The Republican party,
promises that our unconstitutional election law shall
be* repealed, so that every male citizen in. Maryland
having the. qualifications prescribed by the constitu
tion shall have the right of suffrage." !
AMERICAN ART
AT THE BUFFALO
EXPOSITION
ABOUT TRUSTS.
THE SAN FBANCiScd CALr,, SATTJEDAX. AUGUST .17, 19O1.
S ATJJ R D A Y • • • • • AUGUST 17, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AU CemmnniesUeM to W. S. LEAKE/ Xuager.
HASAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone Frew* 2O4
1'L'UL1CATIO5' OFFICE.. .MarUet and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
l.UITOIUAL. nOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered tiy Carriers. X5 On<« Per Weelfc.
Sfnel« Copies, 5 Cent*.
Terms hy Mail. Including Postngret
DAItT CaL.1j flnctndlnr Sunday), en* year 5*-W
. DAH-T CAUi noetadlnc' Bandar). » months *•*»
DXILT CALL flncludln* Sunday). » months ~ !•«»
r»*ILT CAUj-B7 Blnjl* Month •*>
FTOCDAT CALU 0n« Tear •••• *•"
WXEKLT CALL. One Tear v— x '°*
All Fo»tnja«ler« nre authorized to recetre
subscriptions.
Cuopls copies -will be forwarded when requested:
If an rebecrlbers' " In. ©raerfcis ehanr* of address should b«
r*rt1cular to rive both SEW AND OLD ADDRESS In crdM
to ltrors a prompt and correct comrllance with their request.
OAKLASD OFFICE . 1«S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
VtBigtr r«relgn AdTertUing, Mupetti Banding, CMetjo.
tLcnr Dlrtancs Telephone "Central 8618.")
STSW YORK CORRESPONDENTS
C. C CAH.LTO5 Herald 9av<ure
JTEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVEt
ITEPHEJ B. SMITH... SO Tribune Ball d! off
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brent&no, SI TTnlos Sqns.r»:
Ucrrajr Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hom«: P. O. Newi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditortam HoteL
URA\CH OFFICES— 62T Montgomery. «v»rn»r cf Clay, open
cntn S:SO o'clock. ZOO Hayes, opea until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, epen until 9:10 o'clocS. 815 Larkln. open until
tita ©'clock- 1M1 Mission. opm. until 10 o'clock. C61 Market.
ooTDer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. lf«S Valencia, open
onto • o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
«ormr Twenty-second and Kentucky, opea until 9 o'clock.
MOO Fillmore. open until S d. re.
6
AMUSEMENTS,
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Mrs. Dane's Defence."
Alcazar— "Silver-Mounted Harness."
Granfl Opera-house— "The Liars."
Central— "The Great Diamond Robbery."
TIvoll— "La Favorlta."
California— "The Royal Box."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swlmmlnff.
Etate Fair and ExDOsition. Sacramento— September 2 to 14. .
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHC TOWB FOR THE SUMMER.
Call aabscrlbera contemplating n. ennngre ot
recideaee dorinsr the ¦nmin.er months can haw
their paper forwarded by mall to their ncfr
addresses, br notifying The Call Business Office.
TblR p&oer trill also be on sale at all mnuaer
resorts and I» represented by a local afrent la
Ml tower on the coast.Ed "Wren Give Their Testimony
Before Conlan.
Mrs. Annie M. Dodge and Detective
Park.
Preparations are now complete for the
first outing and picnic of the San Fran
cisco postal clerks to be held on Sunday
at Schuetzen Park. Clerks in every de
partment of the local Federal service are
taking an interest in the affair and a
largo attendance is expected. A souvenir
of the occasion in the shape of a profuse
ly illustrated book will be distributed at
the picnic and the committees having tl:«
affair in hand have arranged for games,
races and dancing. A number of valuable
prizes will be given. Following la. a list of
the committees in charge:
Transportation— D. H. Burson, B. Mahoney.
F. A. Macready, F. Hasse, R. L. Apple, J.
Gorflnkel. William Douglas, James Ruddee, Jo
seph V. Collins. George Day.
Arrangements — William E. Murphy, James
Donahue. George P. Feeley, A. S. Woods, War
ren King, J. R. .McGee, E. E. Sawyer, A. E.
Wessling. George Gassman. G. D. Bell, William
J. Murohy. T. J. Glllesple.
Floor manager — Martin J. <yDonnell; assist
ants— D. B. Dwyer, G. W. Morrison.
Reception— James E. Power, D. F. Foley,
Theodore Krohn. A. Leibscher. J. D. Dunnigan.
I. W. Jones, William St. Amont, George As
mussen.
Games— J. L, E. Sullivan, Al Henry, I*. E-
Derre. Joseph McTamony.
Outing at Schuetzen
Many Federal Employes Will Enjoy
POSTAL CLERKS TO HOLD
A PICNIC NEXT SUNDAY
WALIiTNG'S EXAMINATION
FOB GRAND LARCENY
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
, Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Superintendent of Schools Webster Is of
the opinion that the new plan of electing
teachers adopted by the Board of Edu
cation is an "elastic" affair and exposes
the department to political and personal
influences. Webster believes that instead
of awarding credits for, experience, exam
inations only should be held and the pa
pers marked accordingly. .
"If the merit system Is to be carried
out." said Webster yesterday, "it is un
fair to allow at the beginning a certain
percentage of credits for experience.
Again, the only safeguard after the suc
cessful * candidates, in the three classes
have been listed is to select them chrono
logically for appointment. I would con
sider that as a partial preventive of favor
itism. Should the board draw from the list
at > its own discretion the order of merit
will not count."
Webster Says Plan Is Political.
As Consul Coney is to be the honorary
president of the day at one celebration
and Colonel Juan Guillermo Reed is to
fill a similar position at the other some
of the Mexican residents profess to see in
this the cause of certain strained rela
tions between the consular and military
representatives of our sister republic.
"What the Minister of War says is
enough for me," concluded Consul Coney.
Reed says he comes from an old Mex
ican family and that in his country his
name is pronounced Ray-ed. Although
but nine months in the United States he
speaks English, but with a slight Span
ish accent. He claim* to be proficient in
French and Italian.
When the attention of Consul Coney
was called to the documents in the pos
session of Reed he said he had never seen
them and that Reed had never offered to
show them.
During his stay here Colonel Reed has
been following his profession as architect,
a modest sign bearing the inscription,
"John Wm. Reed, architect," standing in
one corner of the dining-room.
"This man called on me a couple, of
months ago," said Consul Coney last
night, "and introduced himself as a col
onel in the Mexican army. He did not
show me any 'credentials. I telegraphed
to the Minister of "War 'and he replied
that there was no such name on the
roster of the Mexican army. If anybody
ought to know if Reed was a colonel in
the Mexicati army the Minister surely
ought to." ¦
Colonel Reed, bereft of his military
trapping, is a mild-manne'red man, his ap
pearance reminding one of a militia col
onel In every day attire. He freely tells
his story. He does not brag about his
achievements, but points to his many evi
dences of careful study and the war maps
drawn by him as proof of the truth of
his statements.
"I am a native born Mfexican," he said,
and have been educated In Mexico's
schools, taking my final course in the
state military school. I graduated with
honors, as these diplomas and medals
show. I made all branches of engineering
a special study and was given a commis
sion as Instructor. I am a native of
Guadalajara, but received my education
mainly In the city of Mexico.
"My first experience In the field was
against the Yaquis, about eight years ago
in Monterey. I constructed the defenses
which the Indians failed to take. I was
then made first captain of engineers and
since that time I have been steadily pro
moted. My last engagement was under
General Martinez against the Maya In
dians in Yucatan. I served a year and a
half, constructing railroads and military
defenses there. About' nine months ago
I secured a year's leave of absence and
came to this city to place my children in
school. I will return to the military
school in Chapultepec about the middle of
October, when my leave of absence will
expire." ¦
Colonel Reed, who lives In a comfortable
house on Eddy street, near L&rkin, has
a frame full of diplomas certifying to his
proficiency as a typographer and architect
from the Government military school at
Cnepultepec. He has a breast load of
medals won in school ,and others won on
the field by conspicuous bravery. He has
a- wall. full of military drawings, all bear
ing the official seal of the Government of
Mexico, signed and countersigned by
numerous comandantes and generales.
Yet Consul Coney'says Reed's name is not
on the roster of the army of. Mexico. -He
says he has the authority of the Minister
of War for the statement. <i ,
From the latter side comes the state
ment that Colonel Juan Guillermo Reed
is not a Mexican colonel, that his name is
not on the roster of the Mexican army,
or anywhere else to show that he is en
titled to wear shoulder straps, aigrettes
or anything that goes to make up tha
panoply of war in which the Mexican offi
cer is wont to fight the battles of his
country.
One of those internecine disputes in the
Mexican colony over the celebration' cf
the anniversary' of Mexico's independence
is on once more. While this annual fiesta
generally provokes more or less bitterness
in the colony this year the feeling has
reached an acute stage. On one side is
the Hidalgo Club celebration, scheduled
for September 15, with Colonel Juan Gull
lenmo Reed at the head. On the othor
side is Consul A. K. Coney and the clien
tele that affects an acquaintance with the
local consular diplomatic body.
Visiting Colonel Produces
Credentials to Prove His
Identity..
Mexican Army.
Consul Coney Says Reed
-Is Not an Officer in
MILITARY TITLE
CAUSES DISPUTE
SATURDAY, AUGUST 17.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the 'order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but thre«
tide3, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
The French' bark Fervaal, bound from
Antwerp to Portland, was driven ashore
on Staten Island oft the coast of ' South
French. Bark Fervaal Ziost.
On July 8 last the lumber schooner Con
fianza, Captain Jacobson, sailed for Co-
Cjullle River. Yesterday she came back
into port short of provisions and water,
having failed to reach her destination.
About three weeks ago the schooner was
Broken _away below San Francisco, and
Captain Jacobson then reported that he
could make no headway against the light
contrary winds and calms. A week later
all- hands- were on short allowance and
several days ago ! the men ¦were reduced
to catching seagulls, out of which they
made soup to eke out their scanty fare.
"We were four times off Coquille Riv
er." said Captain Jacobson yesterday,
"and we could not get in. For days wa
would beat up against an adverse breeze
and then when we thought a change for
the better would come it would fall light
and we would drift back to our starting
pcint. Once we were away below San
Francisco, but managed to get up- to a
point off Coquille again, only once more
to drift back. Finally, when air our pro
visions were nearly gone, I decided to put
back to San Francisco, and here we are.
A tight of nearly six weeks against baf
fling winds is something I never want to
have In my life again." . •
• The Confianza went to the mud flat3,
where she will, tie up until the strike is
over. ¦ ¦
Story of tte Confianza,
The United States army transport
Meade sailed promptly at noon yesterday
for the Philippines. Very few school
teachers went away on her and there
'were not many people down to see her
off. Every ounce of freight she could
carry was put aboard and she is coaled
for the voyage to Manila. Among the
cabin passengers were:
Mrs. Oliver, wife of Lieutenant P. A. Oliver;
Lieutenant E. P. Crowne and wife; Rev. J.
R. Milllgan and his daughter. Miss Reb E.
Milllgan, who goes to marry Lieutenant Fore
man, Twelfth Infantry; Mrs. John P. Wade,
wife of Lieutenant Wade; Mrs. W. H. Cooke.
wife of Dr. Cooke; Mrs. McAIexander, wife of
Captain McAIexander, Thirteenth Infantry;
Mrs. Bent, wife of Captain C. L. Bent, Seventh
Infantry; Surgeon W. M. Roberts and wife;
Mrs. Fremont, wife of Commander Fremont. U.
S. N. ; Naval Cadet J. C. Fremont Jr. ; Mrs.
Miller, wife of Captain J. K. Miller; Assistant
Surgeon Allen' E. Peck. U. S. N.. and wife;
Mrs. E. D. Gibson; Mrs. E. P. Johnson, wife
of Judge Johnson; Mrs. Roberts, wife of Cap
tain H. L. Roberts, Nineteenth Infantry; Mrs.
H. B. Miller, wife of Consul Miller; Captain
W. O. Cutllffe, assistant surgeon, and wife;
Lieutenant C. E. Hathaway, Ninth Cavalry;
Cadet Newman, U. S. N. ; Chaplain "Walter
Marvtne, Mrs. and Miss Marvlne, who stop at
Honolulu, where the chaplain has been as
signed to duty; Mrs. Qulnlan, wife of Lieuten
ant D. J. Quinlan; Captain George H. Calkins;
Captain George R. Plummer. assistant surgeon,
and Dental Surgeon Charles J. Long. .
The Meade will call at Honolulu on her
way to Manila.
a Full Load of Supplies.
Takes Away Many Passengers and
SAILING OF THE MEADE.
In this week's Xews Letter the Looker
On tells in a humorous vein how some of
San Francisco'? plumpest and most prom
inent citizens are reducing weight "by a
heroic method. The heroism of a society
girl is one of Betsy Bird's many interest
ing stories. Mrs. Chauncey De Wit tells
what an Eastern woman thinks of local
buds and belles who dress too loudly for
the street. "The Masher" is the theme
for the "Street Corner Philosopher's" ex
cellent verse this week. The Town Crier
has brought to light some new facts bear-
Ing on the strike situation and the re
views and editorials are above par. - •
To-Day's News Letter.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners art!
The Balasore and the Erato have been, char
tered to load wheat here for Europe at 38s 9d
prior to arrival; the George C. Perkins, lumber
at Grays- Harbor for Santa Rosalia.
Barley for New York.
The steamer Enterprise cleared yesterday for
Panama with 64,416 ctls barley for New York
valued at $59,500, and 423 bbls asphaltum,
valued at $2000.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. > S. N., Mer
chants' 1 Exchange, San. Francisco. ' Cal
August 18, 1901. ' '
Th« time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charga.
Light for Outlying Districts.
Upon the recommendation of the Board
of Public -"Works j sixteen j arc lamps will
be erected in the outlying "districts." The
San Francisco Gas Company Is at present
installing a' • number of. "boulevard"
lamps in various portions of the: down
town district. One hundred lamps- of that
description are being put up dally.
Contract for Engine-House.
• The Board of Public Works awarded a
contract yesterday to' Hanna Brothers for
the : erection of a three-story fire-engine
house on Howard street,* near Third. The
contract price Is $24,773 and the building
must be finished in seventy-five days. The
contract for.' plumbing was awarded to
Kiernan & O'Brien for $1545. . ,.
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
i The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. ¦ Stop-overs ¦ allowed at Salt
Lake City. For v full information ask L.
M. Kletcher, 126 California street. . v .:,»-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday, August 16.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
U S stmr Iowa, Terry, 3 days from Port
Orchard.
U S stmr Bennineton. Moore, 52 days from
Hongkong, via Shanghai 37 days, jria Yokoha
ma 26 days, via Honolulu. 7% days.
Br ship Balasore, Lloyd, 75 days from New
castle, NSW.
Br ship Falls of Clyde, Matson. 23 days from
¦Hilo.
Bktn TroDlc Bird, Jackson, 38 days from
Tahiti.
CLEARED.
/ Friday, August 16.
Stmr Enterprise, Miller, Panama; Panama
R R & S S Line.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; '
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Colon. Mackinnon, Port Los Angeles;
Pacific Mail SS Co.
Bark Santiago, Engalls, Hilo; J D Spreckels
& Bros Co.
SAILED. /
Friday, August 16.
Stmr Glosy, Hinkle. Santa Cruz.
U S stmr Meade. Wilson, Manila, etc.
RETURNED.
Friday, August 16.
Schr Condanza, Jacobsen. hence July 8 for
Coquille River, returned on account of head
winds, which made it impossible to reach des
tination.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 16, 10 p m— Weather
roggy; wind west, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DISASTER. »
LONDON, Auk 16— Conceticlon telegraphs Fr
bark Fervaal. bound from Antwerp for Port
land. Or. foundered near Staten Island. Part
of crew saved and landed at Puerto Gal legos.
SPOKEN. "
Per Falls of Clyde— July 25, lat 25 03 N, Ion
154 10 W. Br bark Senator, from Chemainus,
via Hilo, for Liverpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK-Arrived Aug 15-Schr
Ethel Zane. from St Michael •TrvF--"^
r* G £ A 7 B HARBOR-Arrlved Aug . 1&-Schr R
C Slade, from Honolulu.
Arrived Aug 16— Schr Lottie Bennett, from
Teller.
Sailed Aug 16— Schr J H Bruce.' for San
Pedro; El Dorado, for Honolulu '.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aujr 16— Schr Webfoot.
hence July 30.
ASTORIA— Arrived Ausr 16-Br bark Sussex
from Hongkong; Br stmr Indrapura, from Yo
kohama.
REDONDO— Arrived Aus IB— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Aug 13, and sailed for San Fran
cIbco. '
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 16-Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 15. «
Sailed Aug 15— -Schrs Azalea and La Glronde
for ¦ San Pedro. ' ........'
PORT GAMBLE-Arrived Aug 16-Schr Rob-
ert R Hind, from St Michael.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 16— Per
bark Santa Rosa, from Callao.
Passed in Aug 16— Schr Nellie Coleman; from
Nome.
. Sailed Aug 16— Schr Gamble, for Taku.
Arrived Aug 16— Brig Courtney Ford, from
St Michael. ¦ . — -. •
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Aug 16— Stmr Rob
ert Lewers, for Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO-Sailed Aug. 15— Stmr Santa
Barbara, for Eureka. . .
Sailed Aug 16— Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 16— Schr Alvena, for
San Pedro.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS. '
SYDNEY— Arrived Aus: 16— Schr Novelty,
from Portland. ..."
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Augr 2— Ger stmr Slth
onia, from Hongkong, for San Francisco. Aug
14— Stmr Peru, hence July 25. '
ACAPULCO— Arrived July 14— Chil stmr Tu
capel, hence July - 6, . and sailed July 15 for
Valparaiso. ¦ ' .
LIMERICK— Arrived Aug 13-Ger uhlp Ferdi
nand Fischer, from Portland, Or. .
VALPARAISO— Sailed July 30— Ger gtmr Nu
mantla, for San Francisco;. Ger stmr Kamby
scs, for Hamburs. ¦¦ /
PEUCO— Sailed Auk 8-Br chip . Loyland
Brothers, for Astoria.
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug 18— Br ship Sacotra.
for San Francisco. • . . - -
ET VINCENT— Arrived Aug V— Ger Btmr
Denderah, hence May 14, for Hamburg. • • ,
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug lft-Br ship Ben
Dearr. from Astoria. ¦•"•. j
ALTATA — Sailed ' Aug 9 — Schr . Halcyon, - for
Grays Harbor.
NANAIMO— Arrived Aug: 10— Br stmr Buck
ingham, from Vancouver. . . . • . . : ¦,
LIZARD— Passed Auk . 18— Stmr La Norman
die, from New York, for "Havre.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aus -16— Stmr Bulgar
ian, from New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Ausr/ 16— Stmr Fuefst
Bismarck, from , Hamburg and Southampton,
for New Tork. • - ....-¦¦.
ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived Aujr 1«— Stmr
Denderah, J from San Francisco, via Monte
video.'- • ¦¦''" "'". '-¦¦-.¦' , ¦¦•\ ¦•' •'-!¦,'':¦
. MOVILLE— Sailed Ausr 16— Stmr / Ethiopia,
The barkentine Tropic Bird arrived
from Tahiti yesterday after a passage of
ZS days. She brings a cargo of cocoanuts,
copra and vanilla beans.
The ship Falls of Clyde arrived from
Hilo yesterday with a cargo of sugar. She
will be fitted out with a cold storage plant
before again sailing for the islands.
The British ship Balasore arrived from
Newcastle, N. S. W., yesterday after a
fair passage of 75 days. She had an un
eventful run across the Pacific. She is
loaded with coal.
The steamer Enterprise sailed for Pan
ama last evening with a cargo of barley.
Water Front' Notes.
TACOMA. Aug. 16.— This was Elks* day
in the Elks' Carnival. Superb weather
favored the visitors. Excursion trains
from Portland, Salem, Astoria, Walla
Walla, Spokane. Yakima, Eilensburg. !
Olympia, Grays Harbor and Seattle, and
steamers from Everett, Victoria, Vancou
ver and Port Townsend were arriving' all ;
the morning. Eight bands filled the air
with music, and the bright uniforms of
the Elks afforded a brilliant spectacle.
The procession was more than a mile in |
length, and was reviewed by the Queen j
of the Carnival and her maids of honor J
from the reviewing stand at the Elks'
headquarters.
Thousands of spectators are here, repre
senting California. Oregon, Idaho, Mon
tana. British Columbia. Alaska and all
parts of Washington. The city is profuse
ly decorated with purple.
the Day's Carnival
Festivities.
Thousands of Visitors Participate in
ELKS IN BB.ILX.IAUT \
PARADE IN TACOMA
United States gunboat Ben-
I nington arrived from Manila, via
I China, Japan and Hawaii, yester-
H. day morning and the battleship
Iowa got in from Puget Sound
during the afternoon, while the
cruiser Philadelphia went to the
Mare Island Navy Yard to get
ready for a cruise as far south ' as
Panama. The Philadelphia probably will
be held at the isthmus during the Colom
bian-Venezuelan trouble, while, the Iowa
will rentain here in readiness to join her
should it become necessary. The gunboat
Petrel is also here, and that makes four
warships now in port. The Philadelphia
and Iowa are in first class order and
ready for any emergency, but the Ben
nlngton and Petrel have been a long time
without an overhauling and will not be
sent to sea again unless in a case of abso
lute necessity.
The gunboat Bennington has been al
most constantly in commission for ten
years. She left here for the Philippines
in April, 1S99. On her way down she made
a stop at Honolulu, and it was there
learned that the British proposed annex
ing Wake Island to use it as a landing
place for its Pacific cable. The Benning-
I ton got there first, however, and Wake
Island was annexed to the United States.
From Wake Island the gunboat went to
Guam and thence to Manila. During her
] stay at the islands she was used in pa
trolling the coast and looking out for pi-
I rates and smugglers.
It was while engaged in patrol duty that
the Bennlngton's crew had its first brush
with the natives. Lieutenant Emory Win
ship and several of the men were wound
ed during the affair. The main body of
the crew was sent ashore near Malabon
for observation purposes and was am
bushed near a convent. When the sound
of the firing reached the gunboat she was
run close inshore and the woods were
shelled. This drove the Filipinos to shel
ter and the men were safely taken oft in
the launches.
The Bennington went from Manila to
Hongkong, where she was placed on the
drydock in June last. From Hongkong
she went to Shanghai, homeward bound,
and from Shanghai to Yokohama. She
remained in Japanese waters for a fort
night and on July 21 sailed for Honolulu.
From the latter port she came to San
Francisco.
The officers of the' Bennington are:
Commander E. K. Moore, Lieutenants R.
F. Lopez, N. A. McCully, S. E. Moses, G.
E. P. Stone. G. B. Rice and A. Crenshaw,
Ensigns W. H. Reynolds and W. A. As
serson. Surgeon R. M. Kennedy, Paymas
ter G. C. Shatter and Pay Clerk E. C.
Griswold. She carries 154 jackies and ma
rines whose term of enlistment has about
expired, while the officers' term of ser
vice in Asiatic waters is over.
Commander E. K. Wood was first here
in 1873 on the old sloop of war Portsmouth
and has been here on a number of occa
sions since. In 1892 he was here on the
Boston and was in Honolulu on that ves
sel during the troublous times of 1892-3.
The Bennington and Petrel probably will
not go to the navy yard until next week.
America during a Cape Horn gale and is
probably a total loss. A dispatch to the
Merchants' Exchange says she was driven
ashore and part of the crew was landed
at Puerto Gallego. The Fervaal sailed"
from Antwerp on June 29. She called at
Cherbourg, France, for-; orders and then
came on to the Pacific Coast. She made
good time, as the wreck must have oc
curred at least three weeks ago. Cap
tain Mabon probably saved his entire crew
and then made for the nearest port on
the main land in the ship's boats. The
Fervaal was to have loaded wheat at Port
land for Europe. She was one of the lat
est additions to the Frencn mercantile
marine and was on her maiden voyage.
BATTLESHIP IOWA ARRIVING FROM PUGET SOUND, CRUISER PHILADELPHIA GOING UP TO THE MARE
ISLAND NAVY YARD AND THE GUNBOATS BENNINGTON AND PETREL AT ANCHOR IN THE STREAM
ALL MADE PORT DURING THE LAST THREE DAYS.
Two Men Born in Monarchical
Days Demand a Resi
i dence.
Commodore N. J. Weaver, former owner
of the pleasure yacht Xorma. is a
through passenger on the Sierra for Sa
moa. He is going to establish his cocoa
plantation there, and says he has flxed
up all the difficulties he had with the
German Government over land t'.tles.
J. \V. Erwin, Assistant General Super
intendent of the free mail delivery' serv
ice, arrived here yesterday on tha steam
ship Sierra to install the free delivery
system in Honolulu. Men have alreadv
been secured by civil service examina
tions for the positions of carriers, and the
system will be put in operation at once.
James E. Kennelly. a passenger from
San Francisco for Sydney on the steamship
Sierra, jumped overboard the day after the
vessel left San Francisco. He left his wife
on the vessel in a destitute condition, as
he carried with him all the money the
couple had when he jumped Into the
ocean. This was about $200. Kennelly had
been suffering ill health for some time
and is thought to have been demented.
He had been in the contracting business
in California and had lost several thou
sand dollars.
A remarkable tree, dubbed the skunk
tree by those who have made its ac
quaintance, has been found in the grounds
of the Queens hospital here' in the Punch
bowl district. The tree gets its name
from the intensely disagreeable odor it
/gives forth. The first tree that was found
disturbed a number of residents of the
locality, who made complaints to the
Board of Health, with the result that
tnere was an inspection and improvement
of sewers in the locality. The nuisance
did not abate until the odor was traced
to the obnoxious tree, which was prompt
ly cut down and destroyed.
The tree is about the size of an ordinary
mango tree. Its objectionable odor comes
from the limbs and tender branches. No
one here has been able to Identify the
tree.
HONOLULU. Aug. 8.-A new and Im
portant point involving questions of in
ternational law has been raised In Untied
States Judge Estee's court in the matter
of the deportation proceedings against
two Chinese arriving from China on a re
cent steamer. It is claimed that both
¦were born here and they claim the right
to land here. They were born here, how
ever, during the days of the monarchy,
and the District .Attorney has raised the
objection that birth In the islands under
the monarchy does not entitle Chinese to
enter now. The -matter will be submitted
on briefs.
Interesting International
Question Raised in
Hawaii
CHINESE MAKE
APPEAL TO LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1901.
Cruiser Philadelphia Goes to Mare Island Navy Yard to Be Pre
pared for a Voyage That May Bring Up at Panama.
BATTLESHIP IOWA AND GUNBOAT
BENNINGTON ARE BACK IN PORT
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
from Glasgow, for New York. ' . *
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Aue 16-Stmr Com
monwealth, from Liverpool, for Boston.
Arrived Ausr 16— Stmr Campania, from New
Tork, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Aug 16 — Stmr
Fuerst Bismarck, from Hamburg, for New
York, via Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Auc 16— Stmr Georrfc.
for New York. • '
BRISBANE— Sailed Auet 16— Stmr Miowera,
from Sydney. NSW, for Honolulu and Van
couver.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aujr 16— Stmr Hekla,
from Copenhagen. Chrlstlanla and Christen
send.
Mrs. Dodge testified to losing the dia
mond ring. She notified Captain Seymour
and Detectives Dinan and Wren came t«
the house. They waited till Walling re
turned and accused him of stealing the
ring. He denied it and they searched him.
Walling threw a piece of paper on the
bed and the detectives found the two dia
monds, which had been taken out of the
ring, in the paper.
Detective Wren corroborated Mrs.
Dodge. In cross-examination he was ask
ed if the piece of .paper which contained
the rings was the same as that in Wal
ling' s notebook, and he said it was. Ashe
then asked for a continuance till this
morning, as he wanted to produce a note
book from which.the paper was torn. The
continuance was granted.
The preliminary examination of James
Walling on the charge of grand larceny
was commericed before Judge Conlan Yes
terday. He Is accused of stealing a ring
containing two valuable diamonds from
Mrs. Annie M. Dodge, in whose house at
719 Taylor street he roomed, on July 23.
He was represented by Atorney Ashe and
his father, ex-Judge Walling of Nevada-
7
Steamer.
Destination.
! Sails.
Pier.
Empire
Peru
Anubls
Eureka
Arcata.. ......
Walla Walla.
Santa Rosa...
Czarina
San Pedro....
Point Arena..
Acapulco
Ansrnst 17.
Coos Bay
Valparaiso & Way.
S. America, Europe
Humboldt
Auprnut 18.
Coos Bay
Puget Sound Ports
San Diego
Ansrnst 10.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Humboldt
Point Arena
Panama & Way Pts
AuKimt 110.
Humboldt
San Pedro & Way..
N. Y. via Panama.
Auprnst 21.
China & Japan....
AuKu»t 22.
Sydney & Way Pts
Puget- Sound Ports
Augrti»t- 24.
Puget Sound Ports]
4 pm Pier 1!
12 m Pier 1(
Stre'ir
9 am Pier 1!
12 m Pier 1!
11 am Pier i
9 am Pier l;
.'. Pier S
10 am Pier 3
2 pm Pier ;
12 m PMSS
1:20 p Pier !
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier -
1 pm PMSS
10 am Pier '
11 am Pier !
Ill am Pier !
Pomona
Bonita
Argyll ,
CltyPekirs..
Sonoma .\
Umatilla
City Puebla.:
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
SL ty °™ ??P eka Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug 21
Queen.... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
fcpoiiane Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 23
S reg v n ;iV ""•• Nome and T e"er Aug. 24
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 24
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 35
Portland Nome and St. Michael. Aug 23
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Point Arena.... Point Arena .'. Aug. 17
Matteawan Tacoma Aug. 18
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. Aug 18
Pomona .... Humboldt Aug. 18
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Aug. 18
Gaelic China and Japan Aug 20
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 20
Leelanaw...... N. Y. via Panama Aug. 21
Neko :.... Tacoma Aug. 21
Santa Rosa.... Ban Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 22
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug '4
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 24
TV alia Walla... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 23
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug 25
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 2'.
Kureka Humboldt :... Aug. 25
Hongkong Mar China and Japan Aug 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug 27
Sun rises
Sun sets ""
Moon sets !8:25"»
,.5:2fi
,.7:01
.. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft
H W L TV H W L.W
17 ... 1:06 5.0 7:04 0.9 M-!62 ~Ti 7-40
18 ...I 1:54 4.6 7:38 1.4 2:27 5.2 8 : 29
19 ..1 2:49| 4.3 8:15 1.8 3:02 6.2 9:20
20 — 3:50 4.0 8:54 2.2 3:37 R.I 1019
2t ... 5:00 3.8| 9:38 2.5 4:18 5.1 ll : 20
22 ... 6:14 3.6| 10:31 2.91 5:02 5.1 . '
L W • III W [L W h W
23 ... ¦ 0:19| 0.9] 7:26[ 3.8) 11:40 3.1 3-57
I Ft.
1.6
1.5
1.4
1.3
1.2
.....
I B.1
Steamer.
Destination.
! Sails.
Pier.
Empire
Peru
Anubls
Eureka
Arcata.. ......
Walla Walla.
Santa Rosa...
Czarina
San Pedro....
Point Arena..
Acapulco
Ansrnst 17.
Coos Bay
Valparaiso & Way.
S. America, Europe
Humboldt
Auprnut 18.
Coos Bay
Puget Sound Ports
San Diego
Ansrnst 10.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Humboldt
Point Arena
Panama & Way Pts
AuKimt 110.
Humboldt
San Pedro & Way..
N. Y. via Panama.
Auprnst 21.
China & Japan....
AuKu»t 22.
Sydney & Way Pts
Puget- Sound Ports
Augrti»t- 24.
Puget Sound Ports]
4 pm Pier 1!
12 m Pier 1(
Stre'ir
9 am Pier 1!
12 m Pier 1!
11 am Pier i
9 am Pier l;
.'. Pier S
10 am Pier 3
2 pm Pier ;
12 m PMSS
1:20 p Pier !
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier -
1 pm PMSS
10 am Pier '
11 am Pier !
Ill am Pier !
Pomona
Bonita
Argyll ,
CltyPekirs..
Sonoma .\
Umatilla
City Puebla.:
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
SL ty °™ ??P eka Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug 21
Queen.... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
fcpoiiane Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 23
S reg v n ;iV ""•• Nome and T e"er Aug. 24
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 24
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 35
Portland Nome and St. Michael. Aug 23
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Point Arena.... Point Arena .'. Aug. 17
Matteawan Tacoma Aug. 18
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. Aug 18
Pomona .... Humboldt Aug. 18
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Aug. 18
Gaelic China and Japan Aug 20
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 20
Leelanaw...... N. Y. via Panama Aug. 21
Neko :.... Tacoma Aug. 21
Santa Rosa.... Ban Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 22
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug '4
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 24
TV alia Walla... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 23
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug 25
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 2'.
Kureka Humboldt :... Aug. 25
Hongkong Mar China and Japan Aug 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug 27
Sun rises
Sun sets ""
Moon sets !8:25"»
,.5:2fi
,.7:01
.. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft
H W L TV H W L.W
17 ... 1:06 5.0 7:04 0.9 M-!62 ~Ti 7-40
18 ...I 1:54 4.6 7:38 1.4 2:27 5.2 8 : 29
19 ..1 2:49| 4.3 8:15 1.8 3:02 6.2 9:20
20 — 3:50 4.0 8:54 2.2 3:37 R.I 1019
2t ... 5:00 3.8| 9:38 2.5 4:18 5.1 ll : 20
22 ... 6:14 3.6| 10:31 2.91 5:02 5.1 . '
L W • III W [L W h W
23 ... ¦ 0:19| 0.9] 7:26[ 3.8) 11:40 3.1 3-57
I Ft.
1.6
1.5
1.4
1.3
1.2
.....
I B.1
AMTJSEDLEUTS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
GRAND OPERA,
TO-NIGHT t TO-NIGHT!
I.,/* FAVORITA
With Agostlni, Dado. Collamarlni and FerrarL
Matinee To-day and Sunday Night,
OTELLO
Montanari, Salassa, Castellano. Poletlnl.
POPULAR PRICES— !5c. EOo and 73c
Telephone— Bush 9.
NEXT WEEK— "MEFISTOFELE" and "BAR.
BER OF SEVILLE."
MATINEE TO-DAT, SATURDAY, August 17.
-Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren 10c. any part except reserved.
22 VAUDEVILLE CELEBRITIES
FROM HOME AND ABROAD.
Hichard Jose, Charles H. Bradshaw
and Company, Remarc and Bilay,
Hill and Silviany, Mr. and Mrs.
Alfred Kelcey, Sisson, "Wallace and
Company, The Molasso-Salvaggi
Troupe, The Standard Quartet, and
the Biograph.
GOLU^ISIA IEADINB THEATRE
LAST 2 TI5TES-1IATINEB TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT FAREWELL PERFORMANCE!
CHARLES FROHMAN'S
Empire Theater Company.
Presenting HENRY ARTHUR JONES' Play.
MRS. PANELS DEFENCE.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
DANIEL FROHMAN'S COMPANY
From Daly's Theater. New York. Including
MISS HILDA SPONO. ''¦
Presenting R. C. -\ Carton's Comedy Success.
LADY HUNTWORTH'S EXPERIMENT.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES,
MATINEE . TO-DAY AND THIS EVENING,
. MK. JAMES AND THE
"NWILL NE1LL
/ W JSW M. iW iw COMPANY.
- Presentlns
"THE ROYAL BOX."
Evenlnu .*... ..25c, 35c. EOc, 73c. J1.0O
Saturday Matinee 25c. 50c. 75c
BARGAIN MATINEES THURSDAY,
25c and 50c.
TO-MORROW NIOHT,:
"weji_iOo:m::ej
BARBARA FREITCHIE.
¦ -¦¦¦ SEATS NOW READY.
CHUTES and ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
NEW ADDITW TO THE ZOOr
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALK!
• Telephone for Seats—Park 23, ?J
ITEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEUPICIDE NOT A FAKE.
Unsolicited Testimonials Tell of It3
Superiority.
Alf R. Kelley, residing, at 2195 Devisa-
dero street, San Francisco, Cal., writes
the following: , ""
"When I first purchased Herpicide I
thought, like the majority of hair prepa-
rations, It would prove a fake. I am
happy to state that, on the contrary, it is
all, and even more, than you claim for it.
Quite a number ofharbers throughout the
section In. which r travel have called at-
| tention to the new hair sprouting out on
'my scalp, and inquired of me what I have
been using. I tell them 'Herpicide'; -also
give them your name and address."
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and PpIcs Llsts'SIallBa
on 'Application.''
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahlo
&.Co. (esfd. 1S52> 409 Market St.; upon in-
stallment, or. rented: also beer apparatus.
COAL. COXE ANJPIQ IRON. .
IT WIT QflV £ TO 80 ° B «««y Street
J- W-.nlLjUli ttl/U-. ..Telephone, Main 1S64.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. ;
I A C RflYFS * f ft Shipping Butchers.' 104
JA5* DUIE3 tt i*V' clay. Tel. Main 1»* ;
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD . & ELU3,
418 Front st.. B. F. Phone Main 1719..
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & . McOUP-
F^ICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F.' : Tel. Main S320.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladies' '- and Children's Hose- 5c. a- pair;
Ladies' Linen Skirts. 33c; Men's Fine Dreos
Shirts. . worth $1. for 40c. at 105, Fifth street.-.
PRINTINO.
EC HFTfiHFS - PRINTER. ,
I/- IHJUnCa. Bli Samome St.. 8. P.
."i PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., V .Vv
23 First Street. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
V aagtnraui
MATINEE TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW,
SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY EVO- Laat Time*
Elaborate production of the Powerful Drama,
THE GREAT
DIAMOND ROBBERY.
Plenty of strong character humor. Elaborate
Scenlo features. Magnificent effects.
PRIfFS Evenings 10c,- 15c, 25c, 35c, 50o
I illtCO Matinees .....!. .10c. 15c' 25o
NEXT WEEK— "MEN AND WOMEN."
First Appearance of Miss Annette Marshall.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROWl
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
THE LIARS.
Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
DANIEL FRAWLEY
' PRESENTS
"BROTHER OFFICERS."
A. Comedy in Three Acts by Leo Trevor.
On -THURSDAY EVENING. August 22. a
handsome souvenir photograph of MISS VAN.
BUREN will be given to each lady present.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 60c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats at AH Matinees, 25c
Branch Ticket Otflce Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
i EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by "WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Charlotte Thompson's New Play,
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
During Act 3 an entirely new, sensational
dance arranged by PROF. BOTHWELli
BROWNE. ¦ .
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. LOS ANGELES.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. LOS ANGELES.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. LOS ANGELES.
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P.M.
SATURDAY AT 3:13 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK.
RECREATION PARK.
FIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
flOVntn O Admission 10c.
. Irene Franklin, William Norden, Dutch Wal-
ton. The Morgans. Maud Still. Jones and
Brown. Ouhama, Seymour and Hill and Bln-
rlchs" unrivaled orchestra. . -
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sucday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIOHTS>:
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. '¦
Bathing frcm 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. a.
--ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 8c
Bathing. Including admls*tnn. 2Sc. Children. 20c
PALACE
These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
***"• . lats and travelers ap-
/TJANTI predate— central loca-
WvAHU tion, liberal manase-
WATCT C merit, modern appoint-
flU 1 EL J, menta and perfect cul-
elne.
Can American and Ecro-
*^ v pean plans. V '
Franciscx " :)
Call,$1.00 per Tear ,
STATEMENT
OF THE-; —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Pacific Surety
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EATT FRAKCIRCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1300, and lor the year ending on that
£ay. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of Fectlone €10 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $250,000 00
ASSETS. =r ~~
Real Estate owned by Company $4,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 166.111 03
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 82.890 55
Pavinrs Banks deposit* £2,931 81
Cash In Company's Offlce 229 90
Cash in Banks 9,871 70
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
end Loarts 1,863 34
interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 788 60
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 6.6S4 09
Total Assets $323,374 02
LIABILITIES. ~~
Lofeee in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense $2,500 00
Losses resisted, including expenses 1,700
Gross premiums on Risks running one
year or less, f : reinsurance
U) per cent 25.C38 ZS
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ ; re-
insurance pro rata 3.S69 40
Total Liabilities '..... $33,707 63
WCOME.
Xet casn actually received for pre-
miums $50,644 S7
R«-rlv«il for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ;'V.",*V"; I2,052_90
Received for Interest and dividends on
¦ Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 6,660 10
Received from all other sources 491 53
Total Income.... 168,849 49
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing s losses of previous
years) S2.929 81
Dividends to Stockholder! 15,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
, Brokerage , 5.701 87
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 13,437 25
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 3.759 41
AH -other payments and expenditures.. 11. 943 S3
Total Expenditures $53,773 77
WALLACE EVERSO.V, President.
A. P. REDDING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
flay of January. 190L M. M. RHORER,
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Cash Assets July 1, 1901 Q342.000
GUARANTEE 1n~D CASUALTY,
Bonds of Surety, Ship. Steam, Boiler
and Plate Glass Insurance.,
Head Offlcs : 326 Montgomery Street,
K v San Kranciico.
' ¦ _ Xr . •..,._ L^. 1J J ADVERTISEMENTS. .
— i A
TO THE MAN WHO THINKS.
i^g^jOOK yourself squarely in the face and see
' a ou are no * ashamed to be without
| J§p Ivory Soap in your house. Worse than this,
I "g^rl your wife is without it. It is bad enough.
for a man, though a man often doesn't care how
his comfort is mis-spelled. But a woman misses all
these little helps to housekeeping. And Ivory Soap j
is tone; its great potency makes it actually cheaper
than yellow soap for general work. It floats.
COPVRKIMT 1MI » TMC PHOCTM * tWHI CO. CIKCIHNATIFlour and Millstu ffs.
Hides are reported quieter and more or less
weak. : j The j recent hot dry , weather in the
West and Southwest 1 led cattlemen to rush
larga droves of stock Into market." and sup
plies of Hides at the leading centers are now
considerably lareer ln consequence. . This of.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will eay: An Improvement alike in: tone
and in demand is noted in trade i circles * this
week," and fall trade ] may be said to have
opened actively. While the most optimistic
reports come from . the Northwest, ¦ several
large markets in the corn belt; send more
cheerful reports, based partially upon a still
further improvement In crop conditions, but
likewise the result of the growth of a feel
ing that - while the yields of ¦ most : crops will
be smaller than last year, : the prices , paid ¦ for
the same will be higher . and' the ; purchasing
power of the agricultural community as a whole
will be little Impaired. Advances in wheat,
corn, oats and hog products support this view.
Good crops in the Pacific Northwest are also re
ported, and, the outlook for fall, trade In that
section Is a cheerful one, 1 the only flaw . at
present being the strike, confronting the ship
ping interests at San Francisco.
Fresh vegetables and : rrults and country
COTTOLENE-One - half- barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9Uc: one tierce. 9%c: two tierces.
9c : five tierces, 814c per Ib.'
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7% c per lb for
compound and lO^ic for .pure; half- barrels,
pure. lC%c: 10-Ib tins, llVic: 5-lb tins, llftc.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
12¥>c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%c for
extra light" and ICo for sugar-cured:: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14c; California Hams, 13'/jc-
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess. $12; Family.
$12 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $23;
Mess. $19;- Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
Packers report continued firmness ln Ranu
and Lard, but Bacon Is beginning to lag some
what. Prices for everything remain as be
fore. ,
Provisions.
j Cash quotations were as follows : •• Flour dull
and steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 69^@70%c'; No.
2 red. 71V«(H72Uc; No. 2 corn, yellow. ns»ic" No
2 oats, 36W36Vtc; No. 2 white. 38U(a3Saic-' No"
3 white. . 3S©3S%c: No. 2 I rye, 59»4®53V4c •'- fair
to choice maltiner barley.- S5c:-No. 1 Haiseed
$1 62; No. 1 North western,-'$l 64; prime timothy
seed. $5 25; mesj pork, per barrel. '$14 05@14 10
lard, per 1 100 pounds. $8 75@S 77%; short-rib
sides (loose). $7 90@S 10:' dry salted shoulders
(boxed). $7 25<97.50; short clear sides (boxed)
$3 45ig8 55; clover,. contract grade. $10 25. - .
Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ...;.....' 19,000 . •¦ "10 000
Wheat. - bushels . ...„:';•. 274. 000 " 103'000
Corn, bushels;. 133,000 ¦ ¦ ¦ .' fg'ow
Oats, bushels .454.000 ' 169 000
Rye. '•bushels. ...........'....'. 13,000 : - v.
Barley, bushels ...-..¦......:. 24.000 , :* -.-,.;¦ - l.QOQ
;¦ ' On ; the Produce Exchange to-dav the hutter
NEW YORK. Aug. 16.— The setback In prices
¦m-hich occurred' to-day while Influenced In a
measure by the less favorable aspect to the
btrike situation was primarily due to proat
tsklng Mle? on the week's rise. Improvements
iiave been made Jn pricee from day to day and
the resultant «=harp gains showed some strik
ing profits on the long account up to last night.
Bear filing had net been effective in check
ing the improvement and it required only tlie
announcement that th^ Joliet steel workers had
reconsidered their decision not to go out as
a pretext to sell the market. Naturally enough
the Western Ftocks which had made the larg
est gains r^c»nt!y had to take the brunt cf the
tollintr But little rallying: power was dis
played by these stocks at any time during the
day. temporary gains being Immediately can
cried by renewed Fa ies for both accounts.
Their Iorws at the Inu point average a little
nr.ore than 1 per cent. St. Paul figuring for
the extreme decline of 1%. While the West
ern division was generally under pressure (here
»as heavy buying at times of the bituminous
and anthracite coal stocks, causing- an lm
rrovemer.t in Norfolk and Western of 1% and
V.'neHinr and Lake Erie issues of 2@3. South
western railroad stocks- were less prominent
than heretofore and the announcement of the
acquisition by the Wf.bash of the Omaha and
St. Louis Railroad failed to strengthen the
Vabash issues. There -was heavy purchases
of Amalgamated Copper late in the day and
the f tock rose 2V4 on reports that a combina
tion in which the company figured had secured
control of the copper production of the coun
try. Its top fisrure was not maintained, the
price running off a point near the close. Sugar
underwent many wM» changes during the day
and after at one time celling a point above
}eEterday'6 close ended a point, lower. There
was no neiii to' account for the conspicuous
strength of People'6 Gas. which Improved 2H
ln fee* of the heaviness elsewhere. Reports
that the United States Steel Corporation had
tecured control of the Republic Iron and Steel
Cctnr«any caused active dealings in the lat
t*r e - crocks and they ended a point higher.
I^arge blocks of United States Steel stocks were
dealt :n at the open'.rg and It was at this
period that the low price of the day was made
f<T the common. One block of 6500 shares
oame out at 43%. but when It got down to
<3H. which Indicated a loss • over night, the
Hock was supported and did net yield below
that prtce. although ,lt failed to recover to
cry extent when there were occasional rallies
New York Stock Market.
X, CALL BOARD SALES. . .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.,
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Mornins Session — No sales.
Afternoon ) Session — No sales. -
OATS— Aj-e being bought to fill the Govern
ment contract of , 4000 • tons, and the market
rules firm in- consequence. Quotable at 95c@
$1 for Black "and $1@1 20 per ctl for Red.
•CORN — Chicago was firm and advanced from
59%c to 61>ic. Cudahy and other large traders
bought liberally and the cash situation im
proved.. . . ' : ¦ , " ¦ \ ¦' '-: ' ¦ .
There was no change in this market. Small
rouYid Yellow. *1 75: Eastern Yellow. $162%®
165; White, $1 70@l 75 per ctl; Mixed, $150®
1 55. : . : , ' '. '
RYE— 75©77%c per ctl. ¦ \ • • •
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No' sales. »..
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$102%; 6000. $102%. .
Afternoon Session— December— SOOO ctls, $1 02^.
BARLEY— The market, as far as this city is
concerned. Is lifeless, there 'being no sales of
any consequence. Offerings are extremely light.
• The steamer Enterprise takes for New York,
via Panama, 64.416 ctls, .valued at $59,500. - An
other vessel will soon follow. .. .,•
Feed 73%®75c for choice bright. 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades 77%<g'85c: Chevalier, nominal. •;..-.: , s
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were lower again.
The French holiday continues.
•Chicago opened with a slight rally, and ad
vanced from 71%c to 71%c, fell back to.70%c and
recovered to 72c. The advance was met by lib
eral selling on Snow's big crop estimate of 750,
000 000 bushels. France resumed buying at St.
Louis. The, better: feeling in Corn Imparted
firmness to • Wheat, and it was the general
opinion that the whole list had had Its break.
In this market futures, were higher, but there
was no change on the . spot. 1
Spot Wheat — Shipping, 97%c; milling, $1@
1 02%' per ctl. :.¦:-;•"¦:
Wheat and Other Grains.
NEW. YORK. Aug. 16.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review will say to-morrow: While the
market Is inactive and transactions are 'main
ly of a professional character, there has been
during the past week a . decided change In
speculative sentiment. The fact that the steel
strike Is much less dangerous than was at
first anticipated and seems likely to collapse
altogether has had a. considerable : effect upon
the minds of the stock market operators and
has also encouraged renewed investment buy
ing of the United States Steel stocks. At the
same time the effects of the damage to the
corn crop have been minimized and the
"street" is less disposed- than 'it was a fort
night ago to accept the theory that corn in
the Western States is a -total loss, or ; that
railroad corporations serving the corn grow
ing sections of the countrv will show ¦• any
material decline in earnings ' during the en
suing twelve months. The money market also
continues . to be easy and there, Is no, scarcity,
of. funds for speculative uses, while a drop in
the exchange market brings forcibly, before the
eyes of the stock market public the fact that
the United' States is now enjoying a record
breaking export trade ln cereals: ' Railroad
earnings also continue to.be remarkably . good,
large Increases being shown ln most cases
over an extremely f avorable return of the cor
responding period a year ago.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
There was a fair business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. Gas and Elec
tric opened higher at $40 50, but fell back - to
$39 75. Paauhau was firmer at $15. but Kllauea
was lower at *12@12 50 and Hutchlnson at
$13 50@14. The oil stocks were dull.
In the afternoon the light stocks were weak
at $37 50 for Pacific and $33 62%<§33 37% for Gas
and Electric. Hutchlnson Sugar was also easy
at *13 25S13 50.
The California Fruit Canners* Association has
declared a dividend of 60c per share, payable
on the 20th Inst. .
The capital of the California Cotton .Mills has
been increased from $800,000 to $1.2o0.000. The
new money will be used in enlarging the bust
ness.' -^ .%¦-:.>- ¦<: . —
STOCK AND 'BOND EXCHANGE.
. FRIDAY. Aug. 18—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. f • Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. .113 113>4 Us qr cp (new).T37 133
4s quar reg 113 llSlilSs quar coup.,108^ —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C os.106% — Oceanic SS 5s.lO2?& —
Cal-st 5s 117^ — Omnibus C Ss. 131 _
C C Water 5s.lO7»4 — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.l28V2l33',i Pk & Cl H 6s.lO8 112^4,
Fer & Cl R 6s.U7% - Pk & O R Ss.m _J*
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R fis.120 — .
H C & S 5%s.lC6Vi — Sac E G R 5s. 9.% — .
Do 5s — — S F & SJV 53.121% —
Los Ang R 5s. 118 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6S.101U — S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909> ..112« —
Do gntd 5s. .102% — (191C) 1135,411314
L A & Pac 5s. 101 103' S P of A 6s
Do lem 5s. — — ?19O5>, Ser A.lftH HO
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27% — (1905). Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m 5s. — 124% O906) 112 irw
Nev C N G 7s. 105 114 (1912) 121U -
N R of Cal Ss.llHi — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119>4 — " c gntd 5a 107
Nor Pac C 6S.IOIV3IO4 S P Br Cal 63 13fi« _
Do 5s... 106 — S V Water 6s.ll4U _
Nor Cal R os. 110 113 Do 4s 102*i —
Oak Gas 5s 113 — • Do 4s 3d mteloi%
Do Trans 6s.ll9>4120 Stktn Gas 6s.. — _
Do "Water 5s. — . —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75% — [Spring Vallev S4ii _
Marln County. 50—1
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L & P... 4 5 Pac Light — _
Equitable » ¦ 5\i Sacramento"."* _ _
Mutual ...;.... _5% - R k : O & E... XM, 33:4
Oakland £% 52 S an Francisco. AX1 4^
Pac Gas Imp.. 37Vi SO Stktn Q & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
FirenVs Fund. — 247 |
* BANKS.
Anglo-Cal — 81 L P & A ; re- ion "
California .....— 406 Mer Ex iilai" u "°
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — . $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 ss%
Sterling. Cables ...t — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight...... — 05 ¦
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per ounce — sgi;
Mexican Dollars, nominal ,...;. 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
The Willamette Valley (Oregon) Prune Asso
ciation has established the following: price3 for
Italian Prunes for the new crop ln bags: 30
40s 5%c: 40-50S. 4%c: 50-60s. 4Uc The asso
ciation did not consider the prices for French
The Santa Clara Association sold 26 cars of
Prunes on the very day ' that the advanced
quotations went into effect, and the goods are
now moving off. steadily. Officers of the asso
ciation ray that the old stock wlir be prac
tically cleaned up before the new crop comes
"fRUITS— Apricots, 8@10c for, new Royals and
S®14o for standard to fancy Moorparks; new
Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; sundried. 3@3%c; new
Peaches. 5%@7c for future delivery; Pears. 4»
Sc- Plums, pitted. 3@oc; tmpltted. 7#l%c: Nec
tarines 4(S4%c for red and 4®5c for white.
PRUNES— Quoted by the Association on the
basis of 3%c for the four sizes.
RAISINS-The Raisin Growers' Association
quotes the following prices: Bleached Thomp
son's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie: standard.
10c; prime. 9c: unbleached Thompson's. 9 C per
lb Sultanas— Fancy. 10%c per ib; choice. 9x£. •
standard: 8%c: prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanis.'
8cT Seedless. 50-lb boxes 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3
crown. 6%c; 2-crown 6c; Pacific brand-2-crown
Be • 3-crown. 5!«c, and 4-crown, 6%c : seeded
(Fresno prices), 6c: London Layers. 2-crown.
«i 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy Clusters $2-
Dehesa $.2 50; Imperials. $3. All prices f. 0. b'
at common shipping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12V4c-
No. 2. 8@8%c; N». 1 hardshell. 10@10%c; NoTV
6%@7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell, 10®
He for softshell and 5i@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c-
Filberts. 12@12%c ; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
? HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@10c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5%®6c
light: amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark, 4@4tie'
BEESWAX-25@28c per lb. -*".**?
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CHICAGO. Aug. 16.— September wheat opened
Me to %c higher at 71%@72%c under moderate
buying occasioned by the firmness of Liverpool
cables and the moderation of Argentine ship
ments. Scattered liquidation soon gave the
market, an easier tendency, which was helped
along by reports of favorable harvesting work
In the spring wheat country. The Price Cur
rent estimated a spring wheat crop of 300,000,
000 bushels of good quality. The ranks of the
Fellers swelled on this '. and Information of a
similar nature and September declined early
to 7OV£c. Prices steadied here on bullish news
from France and buying for the French ac
count. September during the afternoon ran up
to 72c, and although there was profit taking at
the advance, the close was strong; %o over
yesterday, at 71%c. " ..^1
The corn market was active, although trade
was of a professional character. | The market
opened firm because of the stiffness of prices
at Liverpool. " After ,an early break of Uc
droueht news from Ohio. Indiana and Illinois
brought about a .rally. The close was at the
best price of the day at 59c, l%o over yes
terday. ¦ •
Oats followed the* fortunes of corn. Septem
ber closed %@% c up at 36%c. .,-¦•
-Provisions advanced slightly for two reasons
—a demand for cash lard and meats and spec
ulative buying of January product In sympathy
with corn. The bulk of trade is now for de
livery in January. Pork closed 15c higher lard
5@7V4c higher and. 2%@5c better for January
delivery. ¦ ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows: ,
Santa Maria — Grain unchanged. Prospective
bean crop iiriTrovitigr daily, but about two
weekE lat» in maturing.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
— ?
Palermo — Weather favorable for drying fruit.
Ventura— Weather conditions • favorable to
farmerE end fruit men.
HolliFtcr— Good weather for beets. Crops do
ing welL
Hanford — Weather favorable for fruit and
grain.
Napa— Hay and grain all harvested; fair
yi«id and quality. '
San Jof=e— Fog In early morning. Apricots
nearly all sold and shipped.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS,
Note— T. indicates inappreciable rainfall. The
"state of wrather" Is that prevailing at time
of observation.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST 11
Flour, qr ska..... 11.6SS Middlings, sks.... 50ft
Wheat, ctls 2.300 Hay. tons "178
Barley, ctls 5.02ft Wool, bags 1S«
Oats, ctls 3,360 Lime, bbls 182
Rye. ctls ' 530 Pelts, bdls 52>
Beans, sks 711 Hides. No - 193
Potatoes, sks 5,905 Leather, rolls..... 47
Onions, sks 711 Wine, gals 25,600
Bran, sks 120 ..„>.
LONDON. Aug. , 16.— Consols, 94%: silver,
26%d; French . rentes, lOlf 57%c; wheat cargoes
on passage, rather easier; No. 1 standard Cali
fornia. 29s 3d; Walla Walla, 2Ss 7%d; English
country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 16.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, es Id; holiday In Paris;
weather in England fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 15-32d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 16.— Wheat— Quiet; Bluestem,
58%c; Club. 57c.
PORTLAND, Aug. 16.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
57c; Bluestem, 58@58%c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market. .
For tlie twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
120th meridian time, San Francisco, August
3«. 19^1:
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 16.— Clearings, $346,
333; balances, $74,501.
NEW TORK. Aug. 16.— Cotto-> closed steady
with prices net 3 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
FRUIT ASD WHEAT BULLETIN,
MELONS — Nutmegs, 25@50c per box; Canta
loupes. 50c@$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $6@30
per 100.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater. 50
<S65e per box and crate; Tokay. 75@90c per
crate; Muscat. 50c©$l; Seedless. 65@90c; Black,
50@75c; Isabella, 75c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 25@4; Lemons.
SI 9 5ffi2 '5 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes $7 50@8; Bananas. $1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples', $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
PEARS^-Bartletts, 73c@$l 25 per box for No.
1. 25<S50c for No. 2 and ?30(g35 per ton; other
Pears, 25<ffi35c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES — Per chest, .
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb. ,
FIGS— Black, 35©40c per box for small and $1
for large boxes; White, 40(S73c.
PEACHES— 15<560c per box and 20<g35c per
basket and $15@25 per ton for Frees and $35@45
for Clings: Peaches in carriers, 50@75c, accord
ing to size 'of carrier.
NECTARINES— White, 50@75c per box; Red,
40@S5c.
PLUMS— 25@60c per box: Prunes. 40@75c per
crate; Green Gages. $17 50@20 per ton; Egg
Plums, $20. ..
APPLES— 75c@$l per box for good to choice
and 30«60c for ordinary. 1 .
CRABAPPLES— 40c@$l 25 per box. according
to package.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
All^kinds of Melons are plentiful at about
previous prices. Grapes -keep steady under fair
arrivals. Citrus fruits remain as before.
There are too many ripe Bartlett Pears lying
around. The trouble with them Is that they
are wormy and undesirable for the retail trade.
Good green wrapped Pears for shipment would
sell quickly at $125 per, open box. but there
are very few coming ln. There are also more
bulk Plums offering, though there is no glut.
Nectarines are meeting with a better demand.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, Aug.- 16.— FLOUR— Receipts.
13,495; exports, : 2787 barrels. Steady and' fairly
active. Winter straights, $3 35©3 50; Minne
sota patents, $3 85@4 15.
WHEAT- Receipts, 49,400; exports. 100,700
bushels. Spot— Firm. No. 2 red, 79%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red. 77Uc elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 80%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. SS'/ic f. o. ¦ b. afloat. Options— Opened
firm on cables, sold off under small seaboard
clearances and a bullish report by Snow, but
finally turned strong on a scare of shorts based
on the corn strength and record-breaking
weekly clearances, closed strong at *ic ad
vance. September, 76%@77%c, closed 77%c; Oc
tober closed 75%c; December closed 79%c.
HOPS— Steady.
H1DKS— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Steady. Spot— Rio, dull; No. 7 In
voice. 5%c; mild, dull; Cordova, 8@ll%c.
Futures— Closed net unchanged to 5 points
lower. Sales Included: September, $4 85; Oc
tober. S4 85: December. $5 05: January, $5 15:
March, $5 30; May, $5 40; June. $5 50; July,
$5 55.
SUGAR— Raw, easy; fair refining, 3%c: cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4c; molasses sugar, 3Uc; re
fined, dull.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4000 packages: steady.
State dairy, 16@18ct- creamery, 16@20c; June
packed factory,' 15@15%c. '
EGGS— Receipts. 51C0 packages; firm: West
ern candled, 14®17c; ¦ Western uncandled, 12
@16c.
, DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— There were ni
essentially new" features to the evaporated
apples market to-day." Demand was of mod
erate proportions, and as offerings continue
light values were well held, with a firm un
dertone. State, good to prime, 5@7c; prime,
7@8%c; choice. 8%c; fancy, 8%@9c.
California dried fruits ruled dull but about
steady at unchanged prices.
PRUNES-3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%©13c; Moorpark, 8®12c
• PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 53 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly o\"er Southern
California and has risen over Washington and
Northern Oregon. Conditions are still unset
tled over the larger portion of the Pacific
Flope. Light showers are reported In Southern
Nevada and Southern Utah and conditions are
favorable for showers generally over South
ern California and Arizona.
There has been a sharp fall in temperature
over the northern portion of the Sacramento
Valley. Over Utah there has been a rise of
14 degrees or more.
Forecast ma a a at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight August 17:
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Saturday, posribly showers in the foothills;
JiEht southerly Tvind^.
Southern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Saturday, probably showers in the moun
tains: fre^h southwest winds.
Nevada — Cioudy Saturday, probably showers;
cooler: light south winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy unsettle-1
¦weather Saturday, possibly light sprinkles ln
the morrlng; light southerly winds, i •
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 76-C2; Cincinnati, 82-6S; New York,
7R-70: Kansas City, SO-70; Philadelphia, S6-72;
Jacksonville. S8-74; Washington, 88-70.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— There was a decided
reaction in tin in London, prices advancing
there £1 5s on outside speculation. Spot finally
closed at £115 15s and futures at £111 12s 6d, with
the tone quite firm. This bullish factor failed
to influence the local market for that metal.
which ruled quiet all day and finally closed
dull at $26 75 for spot. Indicating scarcely a
variation from yesterday's figures. Copper was
10s up in London, with spot quoted at £65 18s 9d
and futures at £66 7s 6d. Here the market
was dull and nominally unchanged at $16 50©
17 for Lake Superior and $16 37%@16 62% for
casting and electrolytic. Lead in London de
clined Is 3d. but business was quiet and spot
closed at £11 lls 3d. Here prices were un
changed at $4 37% for spot pig' lead. Spelter
ruled extremely dull and nominally unchanged
at k $3 90@3 95. London prices, however, ad
vanced 2s 6d to £16 13s. Iron was practically
nominal and without change In all quarters.
Plglron warrants. $9@10: No. 1 Northern "foun
dry $15@15 50; No. 2 Southern foundry.- $14@
14 E0; No. 1 Southern foundry. $14 75<?i:i5 25; No."
1 Southern foundry, soft. $14'75(S15 23.
Glasgow warrants clos.ed at 54s and Mld
dfesboro at 46s.
New York' Metal Market.
. ¦ Dealers are more disposed to quote an easier
market for both Butter arid Eggs. There Is
no lack -of either, and cold storage stocks are
being drawn on more or less, so the demand
is kept satisfied. Prices are unchanged. Cheese
continues firm..
j Receipts were 31.9C0 pounds of Butter, 576
cases of Eggs, 29,100 pounds - of California
Cheese and pounds of Eastsrn Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 23@24c per lb for fancy
and 20@21c for seconds; dairy. 16@20c; store
Butter. 12%@15c per lb.
CHEESE— New. l0@llc: old. nominal: Young
Americas. ll@ll%c per lb: Eastern. 13@15c.
" EGGS— Ranch. .. 21®24c for good to fancy;
Store, 15@19c per dozen; Eastern, 15@20c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, TS@Sa:
local make. %c less than Calcuttas: Wool Bag*.
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c: Fruit Bags. 5%@
6c for cotton and 8%@8%c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. S3; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 50 ln bulk and $13 75 la
sacks: Pennsylvania AnJthraclte Egg. $14: Can
nel. $10 per ton: Coke. $13 per ton in bulk and
$17 ln sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 4S
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according to
brand.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
¥?llf ha^ e been two arrivals of coal from
British Columbia. 6577 tons; two from Wash
ington. 5300 tons; one from Oregon, 400 tons;
one from Norfolk, \sl.. 1300 tons; total, 14,177
tons. The above list of arrivals will foot up
about equal to one-half of our actual consump
tion, under ordinary circumstances, which ot
course is now being materially reduced on ac
count of labor disturbances. There are now la
the harbor thirteen coal cargoes (seven steam
ers and six sailers): the aggregate of these will
foot up about 35,000 tons. The discharge of
these cargoes Is being delayed by the scarcity
of stevedores, now on a strike. The factories
using coal as a fuel are utilizing a very small
amount at present, for which an ample provis
ion has already been made. Steamers on the
Sound and In British Columbia are being with
held, some of them with full cargoes already on
board, awaiting the final settlement with the
labor leagues. The last reports from Austra
lia and Great Britain report coal freights un
changed, but fewer vessels being offered. Thla
naturally Intimates that bottom rates on coal
have been reached : ln fact, when coal freights
are quoted at about 10s 6d from Swansea,
Wales, and lls 6d from Australia. N. S. W
the nautral inference would be that bottom
rates had been reached, as a little less than
these figures would induce ships to come ln bal
last ln preference to accepting going rates." "
OILS— California Castor Oil, !n cases. No 1
70c: pure.* $122: Linseed Oil. ln barrels, boiled!
84c; raw, 82c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85c: China
Nut. 5S(S72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, ' 67%c; cases. 72%c; Sperm, pure, 65c:
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45e per gallon:
Fish Oil, In barrels. 37%c: cases. 42%c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oli. in bulk.
13=; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c: Star.
19c; F.stra. Star. 23c: Elaine. 24c: Eocene. 21c;
deodcri7ed stove gasoline, ln bulk. 15c; la
cases. 21c; Benzine, ln bulk. 14c; In cases. 20c:
86-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c: In cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c ner Ballon ln cases and
52c ln drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, ln 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.40c; Pow
dered. 5.25c: Candy Granulated. 5.25c; Dry
Granulated. 5.13c; Confectioners' A. 6.15c; Fruit
Granulated* 5.15c: Beet Granulated. 5.05c; Mag
nolia A, 4.75c; Extra C. 4.65c; Golden C. 4.55c;
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels, 25c more: boxes.
60c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No* order* taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent
Dominos, half-barrels. 6.65c; boxes, 5.90c per lb.
General Merchandise.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, Sl@l 25; Hare, $li3
150: Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and $1®
125 for Brush.- •
The market , for both Poultry and Game re
mains about as before quoted, and without
feature.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8@Sc for Gobblers
and 9@10c for Hens: Geese, per pair $iai 23-
Gosllnes. $1 12%@1 37%; Ducks, $2 50*33 for old
and $3@4 . for young; Hens. $3 50@4: young
Roosters,- S5®6;. old Roosters, $3 5O@4: Fry
ers, $4: Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and $2
@2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen
for old and SI 25®1 50 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK. Aug. 16.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at all the principal cities for the week
ended August 15. with the percentage of in
crease and decrease, as compared with the
corresponding weeji last year:
*, Percentage.
CITIES— . Clearings. Inc. Dec.
New York $9a9, 698, t>56 42.6 ....
Boston 118,495,518 17.4 ....
Chicago 134,536,756 14.1
Philadelphia 100,010,234. 32.2 • ....
St. Louis , 39,114,175- 18.5 \
Pittsburg 30,607,183 10.3- ...".
Baltimore 18,021,728 13.3
San Francisco" 25,663,853 W.9 ....
Cincinnati 15,913,300 13.4 ....
Kansas City IS.303,256 4.2 ....
New Orleans 7,709.374 20.3
Minneapolis 10,036,822 114 ....
Detroit ..• 16.294,350 46.1 ....
Cleveland 13,701.411 35.7 ....
Louisville 7.313,200 13.3
Providence 6,011,800 6.3 ....
Milwaukee 6,002,864 16.1
St. Paul 4.152,446 *
Buffalo 6,020,468 19.5 ....
Omaha 6.1S0.071
Indianapolis 8,428,332 42.3
Columbus, O. .'. 5,930,400 19.7 ...'.
Savannah 2.044.807 28.3
Denver 4,429,467 6.1 ' ....
Hartford 2,317,072 22.9 ....
Richmond 2,994,467 2.9
Memphis 1,928,142 21.1 '
Washington 2,140,388 3 '
Peorla 2,3SS,837 24.1
Rochester 1,6S2,433 11.1 ....
New Haven 1,390,191
Worcester 1,737,438 • 18.1
Atlanta 1.8SS.2SS 39.1
Salt Lake City.. 3.325,571 57.0
Springfield. Mass 1,370,878 3.8 ....
Fort Worth 2,799,909 49.5
Portland, Me '1,181.389 17.7
Portland, Or. 2,363,778 32.0 ...:
St. Joseph 5,737,498 32.7 ....
Los Angeles 2.49S.791 28.6 ....
Norfolk , 1,133.763 2.5 ....
Syracuse 1,027,440 4.6
Des Moines 1.568.97O 36. 3
Nashville 1.55S.609 36.9
Wilmington, Del........ 1,024,960 2 5
Fall River 849,916 58.9
Scranton 1.12S.160 27.4
Grand Rapids 1,245,050 , 3.6 ....
Augusta, Ga 890,184 53 4
Lowell 527,435 J2.6 ....
Dayton, 0 1.180.177 26.2
Seattle 2,767.030 6.4
Tacoma .'. 942.0SS 19.4
Spokane 1,120,522 13.8 ....
Sioux City 1,014.666 1.9 ....
New Bedford. 352,845 14.5 ....
Knoxvllle, Tenn 605.311 22 2 *
Topeka 1,185.807 40.9
Birmingham 839" 766 34 fi
Wichita 468,521 27.5
Binghamton 324,200 9.2
Lexington, Ky 4S«,010 15.0 ....
Jacksonville, Fla 341.044 '
•Kalamazoo 427,325 . 3.1
Akron 551.500 13.8 ..'.
Chattanooga 4S2.674 17 8
Rockford, 111 357.899 32 2
Canton O 317,008 26.0 ....
Springfield, O 341.736 48 5
Fargo, N. D 340,967 54.5
Sioux Falls. S. D 182,300 66.8
Fremont, Nebr ........ 158,082 29.5 '.'."
Davenport 961.915 10 0
Toledo 2.772.923 22.8-
Oalveston 6,04^000 <3 3
Ycungstown; O 489.958 90.2 . \\"
Little Rock 499,756 26 6
Colorado Springs 771.337 .
Wheeling 5R7.483 - "
Maconv 427,000 2*6
Evansvill<» 831, W 70
Springfield, 111 . 5%.S40 20.5'
Helena G9R.887 87
Bloomington. Ill 2fi0.4R0 73 4 .-
Jacksonville, ,111 . . 196,996 71 ] 9 '.'.'.'.
Totals. U: S.. ..$1,670,252,727 32^3 7~7
Totals outside N. Y. 670.738.727 19.4 ....
DOMINION OF,CANADA.
Montreal $15:{t41,597 15 0
Toronto 10.403.600 15 6
Winnipeg 1.714.S63 27 4
Halifax 1,(504.617 ...-.
Hamilton 773 025 20 2
St. John, N. B 890.387 6'7 "'\
Vancouver l,!Wn,5?6 95 7
Victoria 6»4.BR2 17 6 '.'."
Quebec 1,476,683
Totals $33,157,907 1M TT7T
Bank Clearings.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Aug. 16.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1541; market steady to weak. Natives,
$3@5 90; cows and heifers, $1@4 90; bulls and
stags, $2<0>4 75; stockers and feeders, $2@"4;
veals, $2 25@5 25. '¦'¦.. .
HOGS— Receipts, 5500; market ; steady to
strong. Light and light mixed, $5 70@5 95;
medium and heavy, $5 75@6 17%; pigs, $3@5 15;
bulk of sales, $5 85@6 05.- , . ....
. SHEEP— Receipts, . ; ' market ' steady.
Lambs weak. ¦. . . »
ST: JOSEPH,
CHICAGO, Aug. 16.— CATTLE — Receipts
2500, Including 500 Texans. Market generally
steady. Good to prime steers, $5 60@6 40; poor
to medium, $3 75@5 25; stockers and feeders,
$2 10@4 25; cows, $2 50@4 35; heifers, $2 50@5 25;
canners', $1 40@2 50; bulls, choice, steady, oth
ers slow. $2 25@4 45; calves, $3 2505 75; Texas
steers, $3 40@5 ; Western steers. $4@5 ; Texas
bulls, . :.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 20,000; estimated to
morrow, 11,000; left over, 4000 head. Market
weak; top, $6 20; ralxed and butchers', $5 50®
6 17%; good to choice heavy, $3 65@6 20; rough,
heavy, $5 50@5 60; light, $5 50<@6; bulk of sales,
$5 60@C.
SHEEP— Receipts, 13,000; sheep and lambs,
generally weak; good to choice wethers, $3 40®
4; fair to choice mixed, ?3@3 50; Western sheep,
$3 25@4; yearlings, $2 40@4 25: native lambs.
$3@5 40; Western lambs, $4@4 25.
Eastern Livestock Markets.
Packers say they are getting all the Hogs
they need at the decline already noted.
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb for
cowa.
VEAL— Large, 7i@8c; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. IQSc: Ewes. 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB — ?<39c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lba and under. 6'ic:
over 230 lbs, 6c; feeders.. ; sows. 20 per
cent off. boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9%c.
San Francisco. Meat Market.
THE COAST RECORD
WASHINGTON. Aug. 16.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $173,407,072; gold, $103,459,657.
Condition of the Treasury.
C135th Meridian— Pacific Time.) .
SAN FRANCISCO. August 16—5 p. m. '
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 56; Mount Tamalpais. S3; Independ
ence, 74; Red Bluff, ICO; Fresno, 102; 'Loa An
peles, 80: Sacramento, S"; San Luis Oblspo,
76: San Diego. 72.
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C2; minimum, 33; mean. 58. • -
Weather Report.
Failures for the week numbered 168 ln the
United States, against 161 last year, .and IS in
Canada, aeainst 24 last year. ' .
Wheat also advanced sharply, but there Is
sound argument for strength in Atlantic ex
ports during the last two weeks of 13.579,034
bushels, against 4,378,901 bushels in 1900, and
4.C66.646 bushels two years ago.
Official figures of corn condition were far more
hopeless than even the most pessimistic antici
pations. Indicating only about two billion
bushels of wheat and corn together. Inflated
prices brought out receipts for the week of
2.359,705 bushels.' against 2,032,193 bushels last
year, and reduced Atlantic exports to 631,506
bushels,, compared with 2,362,335 bushels a year
ago, and 4,034,302 bushels In 1S99.
Leather sells freely, but without change in
price", while slightly lower bid for hides will
probably secure large lots. Woolen mills have
full employment, as a rule, and the Increased
consumption of raw material tends to harden
the tone of the wool market, although no
quotable change Is possible.
New York and Western shops are equally
busy, jobbers complaining of slow deliveries.
This Is the season of greatest demand for
boots and there Is a fair volume of business,
but each year a decrease In output appears.
New England boot and shoe factories are
still actively engaged and thi stability of
prices remains a feature. . '
The steel strike has affected prices ex
tensively, particularly on sales for Immediate
delivery. In tin plates the advance has been
greatest, while hoops, sheets, skelp and billets
are sold at premiums. Quotations are too er
ratic for accurate record and.ln many, cases
sales are at private terms. Confidence Is
steadily shown by placing of distant deliver
ies at regular prices. . • ¦ • •"
NEW. YORK. Aug. 16.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
The distribution of merchandise has proceed
ed this week on a steady' and satisfactory
scale' throughout the East and in the West
and Southwest the relief from the long
drought and heat is beginning to be reflected
in a larger retail trade, so that for the quar
ter promise is held out for a larger business
than last year. Crop conditions in the terri
tory most affected by the recent drought are
improving and the weather has been highly
favorable In nearly all districts east of the
Missouri River, though rains have interrupted
the spring wheat harvest.
elsewhere. The final price was the lowest and
the' preferred. closed only. H above the lowest
and ?» down on the day. The preliminary
figures of the weekly bank statement indicate
a gain by the banks ot S717.11S. This represents
only the result of the interior movement, as
the banks have lost pretty steadily to the sub
treasury throughout, despite the heavy Gov
ernment expenditures of the week. . A sharp
decline occurred in the sterling exchange mar
ket, demand bills falling to $4 87% on the large
offerings of bills. The stock market' was very
dull In the closing dealings and ended weak.
Railroad bonds were dull and generally easier
Total sales, par value, $1,145,000.
•.United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. _ ,
. " NEWYORK STOCK 'LIST:
Stock— Sales High Low Close
AtchiFon 20.700 . 76V« 74% 75V4
Atchison pfd 5,200 97 y5% 93*.
Baltimore & Ohio 1.500. 9S%---97% 97%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 90
Canidian Pacific ....... 400 112 110% 110ft
Canada Southern GS
Chesapeake & Ohio 14,900 47>/i- 46H 46*-i
Chicago "& Alton 1,100 37% S7% 37>,
Chicago & Alton pfd... 9C0 7S 76>,& 77>,«
Chicago Ind & Louis... COO 37ft 37 37
Chicago Ind & L pfd... 100 71 71 71-
Chi & East Illinois .... 120
Chicago & Gt Western. 1,600 22% 22 . 21vi
Chi ft Gt West -A pfd.. 100 82 82 S2
Chi & Gt West B pfd 46%
Chi & Northwestern.... S00 193% 195'A 132
Chi Rk Island & Pac. 1.600 UZ'/i 14H4 142*4
Chi* Term & Trans 18
Chi Term & Trans pfd.. 100 3S% 38% 3s%
C C C & St Louis 800 90V4 90 89
Colorado Southern ..... 900 14 13% li%
Colo Southern 1st pfd.. 400 53% 53% 53',i
Colo Southern 2d pfd... 1,500 23% 22% 23
Delaware & Hudson 200 161% 161',4 lb"l*£
Del Lack & Western * 200 228 228 228
Denver & Rio Grande.. 100 42>,i 42\i 41Vi
Denv & Rio Grande pfd 200 92% 91% 91' a
Erie 11.500 35% 38% 38->i
Erie 1st pfd 4,200 67»g 66 66%
Erie 2d pfd l.SOO 52'zi 51V4 -'Hi
Great Northern pfd 3,700 1S3 181 1S1»4
Hocking Valley 200 53 52% 523a
Hncking Valley pfd.... 100 75% 75% 75V-
Illinois Central COO 145'fc 144% 144%
Iowa Central S9V4
Iowa Central pfd 300 75% 75 74'»2
Lake Erie & Western... 300 63 63 C3vi
Lake Erie & West pfd :.. 123
Louis & Nashville 4,700 104% 103% 103H
Manhattan Elevated .. 2,000 118% 117% 117%
Metropolitan St Ry.... 800 168% 167% 167
Mexican Central 1,400 25% 25 25
Mexican National 2,500 11'/, 11% 11%
Minn & St Louis 10S
Missouri Pacific 6,000 102% 101% 101H
Missouri Kan & Tex... 400 27% 27% 27
Missouri K & Tex pfd. SOO 54% 54 f.4
New Jersey Central 100 IB9 159 . 139
New York Central 2.900 154% 153% 154
Norfolk & Western U3.100 53% 54 54%
Norf & Western pfd.... 100 88% 88% 89
Northern Pacific 150
Northern Pacific pfd 97%
Ontario & Western 16,000 35% 34 33^
P C C & St Louis 70
Pennsylvania 6.4C0 146% 143 145%
Reading 10.700 43 42% 42'i
Reading lft pfd 7..t00 78% 77% 77 7 -i
Reading 2d pfd 2.200 D3M> 52>-i 52%
St I^ouis & San Fran... 2,400 41% 39% 40%
St Louis A S F 1st pfd 78
Ft Louis & S F 2d pfd. 1,500 6S% 67% 68
St Louis Southwestern 300 23% 29% 29
St Louis Southwest pfd 300 63 63 62
St Paul 29,600 165% 164 164%
St Paul pfd SCO 191 191 1S9
Southern Pacific 23.900 57 55% 56Vi
Southern Railway 27.600 32 31% 31%
Southern Railway pfd.. 3.S00 S6 Soifc SiCi
Texas & Pacific 1,700 42% 42 41%
Toledo St L & West my.
Toledo St L & West pfd S2 "
Union Pacific 30. COO 99% 98 98U
TTnion Pacific pfd 3.800 90 Sflt-J i>sii
Wabafh 1.OC0 21% 21% 21%
Wabash pfd 6.900 4OV4 S9% 35%
Wheeling & L E 2,000 19% 18% i«%
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. 1,000 32% 30% 31%
Wisconsin Central 100 20% 20%
Express Companies-
Adams 170
American 192
United States S7
Wells Fargo 350
Miscellaneous —
Amalacamted Copper... 30,500 116% 113% 115%
Amer Car & Found 600 29% 29% 29'4
Amer Car & Found pfd. 800 85% 84% fc5%
Amer Linseed Oil 7 22
Amer Linseed Oil pfd «o%
Amer Smelt & Ref j 3.IC0 53% 52% b'%
Amer Smelt & Ref pfd.. 2,100 102 101 101%'
Amer Tobacco 136
Anaconda Mining Co . 5.400 *4% 44% 45
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 3,500 75% 74% 74%
Colo Fuel & Iron 100 98 9S 97
Consolidated Gas 300 223% 223% 222%
Continental Tobacco 600 6S% 68% 6S
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 117% 117 117Vi
General Electric 900 265 261% '83
Glucose Sugar, ex dlv 54
Hocking Coal 100 ?0 20 " 20
International Paper 200 23% 23 23 •
International Paper pfd. 300 77% 7754 77%
International Power .... 400 93' J2% 9914
Laclede Gas &7 '-
National Biscuit 1,400 43% 43%' 4374
National Lead >B '* itj
National Salt 42 2
National Salt pfd 600 77 76« 75
North American fl<»
Pacific Coast ¦"* g/
Pacific Mail ]00 40% 46% 40
People's Gas 9,900 111% nrwi 113 .
Pressed Pteel Car 200 41 41 4?
Pressed Steel Car pfd.... 100 82% gWi K3
Pullman Palace Car ;.. 207
Republic Steel 9.900 21% 26% 21
Republic Steel pfd 5.900 76>J 75 i\
g.u«rar 15.T0O 135 133 333
Tenn Coal & Iron 1,800 64 63% 63
I nion Bag & Paper Co.. 300 16W- leu 15
T-nion Bag & P Co pfd ! * /4 „£
IT S Leather 900 13% 1314 iiff
ssisafe'SS 8i * ll g
U S Rubber pfd '.'. ". • JJ«
U S Steel 25,300 43% 'A'd J?,,
ITS Steel pfd 10 206 9314 92% $1
Western Union 2.400 93% 93%. 93%
Shares sold 463.000
CLOSING BONDS.
S 2s ref reg 107*; N T Central lsts 104»4
V, S , 2s ret coup... 107% N J Cent gen 5s l"?%
U S 3s m 108% N Pacific 3s!.. £
U S 3s c¥up 108% N Pacific 4s.. ""104H
U S new 4s reg.. ..137 N Y C & fi 1 £ is' 106%
U S new 4s coup. .137 N & W con 4s in?*
U S old 4s reg 113 Or Nav 1st".. ni %
U S old 4s coup. ..113 Or Nav 4s.... ioik
U R fs reg...., 107% Or Short Line 6s 125
U S Fs coup 107% Or S Line con 5s" 11k
Dlst of Col 3.65S...124 Reading Gen "s 95V
Atch *on sen 4s.. ..103% R G Western lsti'"l01
Atchison adjt 4s... 97 S L & I M con 5s lifi
Canada So 2ds 109 S L &¦ S F gen 6s"m
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7% St Paul con?. m
Ches fk Ohio 5s.. ..120 St P C &.P i«t- 11*
O & JJW con 7s....isr,% stPC&P 5« #6*
C& NWSFdeb 58.122 So Pacific 4s '.'.'." 91% •
Chgo Terminal 4s.. ?4«,i Southern Ry 5s 'mil
Colo. Southern 4s... 87% Stand R & T 6s"" «u
D & R G 4s.. 102 Tex & Pac 8t6 11%
Erie General 4-=.... 86% Tex & Pac 2ds «8V4
P W & D C lsts... 104 Union Pacific 4V104J4
Gen Electric 5S....200 Wabash Jets 108
Iowa Central lsts.. 118 Wabash 2ds Jin
L & N Unl 4s 101 West Shore is'.Vmu
M K & T 2ds..... R2 WIs Cent 1st" ss
M K & T 4s 98%. Va CenturleJ 1 HV." ff.i
- MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con .'. 25 Little Chief . i-t
Alice "46 Ontario ..;..? « '3
greeee. : 1 40 Ophlr. ..* ?-,
Brunswick Con OS Phoenix nq
Comstock Tunnel.... 6% Potosi .. n?
Con Cal & Va..:...l 75 Savage .. ,,t,
Deadwood Terra.... 60 Sierra Nevada ' 10
Horn Silver ..175 Small Hopes ' in
Jron Silver 55 Standard .."3 *l
I^eadrllle Con. 06 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
•Money- ! Union Pac ......'.. gg
Call loans 3%05 West End oe
Time loans .........405 Bonds -
. st ,ocks— „ ' Atchison 4s .102
Atch Too & S F., 75 - N E & G Coke 5s.. 54
Do prefd 3o% Mining Shares-
Amer Sugar ......136% Adventure ..... 26%
Amer Tele 162 Bingham Mng Co:. 40%
Boston & Albany. .256 Amal Copper .. 115*4
Boston Elevated... 179 Atlantic ... ' ¦ " 37
Boston & Maine... 192% Calumet & Heclai!730
Dominion Coal .... 37% Centennial ......... 28
j Do prefd 116 Franklin 1754
The Sonoma brought up from Australia
fL4eO,5SO in sovereigns, making a total for
theee imports thus far this year of $2,921,160,
against J17.104.264 last year.
Australian Gold.
. NEW YORK. Aug. 1C— Money on call closed
steady. 2%@3 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent;
prime mercantile paper. 4%<35-per cent; ster
ling exchange was weak, with actual business
ln bankers' bills ¦ at $4 S7V«@4 87U for demand
and $4 S4^if7,4 84% for sixty days; posted rates.
J4 86V. and $4 88V4«34 89; commercial bills. $4 S4Vi
6i 84%: bar silver, 58»4c; Mexican dollars,
4.<%c; bonds— Government, steady; State, in
active; railroad, easier.
New York Money Market.
Dun's Review of Trade.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. l^@2c; String
Beans. -l@2%c; Limas, 2@4c: Cabbage, \ 35@40c
per ctl; Tomatoes - from the River, in large
boxes, 85c(S$110; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c; Green
Okra, 40@60c per box; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Cucumbers, • Bay, 20@30c; Pickles, lUSl^c per
-lb for small and lc -for large; Garlic. 2@3c:
Green Peppers. 25@35c per box for Chile and 23
<S5Gc for Bell; Egg Plant. 25@50c per box: Green
Corn, 23@75c per "sack; Alameda, 75c@Sl per
crate; Berkeley, 50«$6oc; Summer Squash, large
boxes. 25@40c; New Marrowfat Squash. $15<320
per ton.
POTATOES— $1 15@1 30 in sacks and" $1 10«?l 60
in boxes for Burbanks. $1@1 20 for Garnet Chiles
and , for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks,
$125@145; Sweets, 1%@2V2C per lb for new and
75c per sack for old Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow. 85c@$l per ctl; Pickle On
ions," 50<375c per ctl."
Onions are also firm. • Tomatoes continue stiff
under light supplies. The other Vegetables
stood about the same, being plentiful and weak.
A car of new Sweet Potatoes from Merced Is
expected i Monday.
If the views of local Potato dealers are cor
rect, the shipping demand for these goods will
continue until next spring. They say that the
crop ln the Southern , States is • a failure, and
whereas the South used to call on the Western
States in. case of shortage, they find the West
ern croD a failure, too, this year, and have to
extend their demand to the Pacific Coast. Ac
cordingly the local trade look for good prices
to rule the balance of the year, though 1t la
pretty difficult to forecast the future ln any
thing.
Potatoes, Onions 'and . Vegetables.
course has an unfavorable effect on this mar
ket. Again, local dealers say that the mar
ket has been above the normal for some time,
and a natural reaction is to 'be expected.
Wrol la closely gold up and steady.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls- and brand sell
about lV^c UDder quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9V4c; light. 9c: Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and tOc for light; Stags.
6%c: Salted Kip. 9%c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 16@lfc4c; Culls. 14c: Dry
Kip -16c: Dry Calf, 18c: Culls and Brands. 15c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15<&30c each; short
Wool. 30050c each; medium, 50@75c; long
Wool. 80c<3Sl each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 bOW
2 75 for large and S2@2 25 for medium. SI 50 1?
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large. Jl 25@1 50 for medium. SI 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium skins. 30c;
winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prim*
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 5Cc; medium.
35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%«i4»4c per lb:
choice. 5c: No. 2. 3<4«24c: grease 2U<S23c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humbcldt and
Mendocino. 14«15%c: do Lambs', lie per lb;
Middle County, defective, 8@10c: Southern,
free. 7 months. 7«10c; do. defective. 7 months.
7@8c: Oregon Valley, fine. 14fi:i3c: do. medium
and coarse. 11013c; Oregon. Eastern, choice. 11
(8>13e: do. fair to good. 9<311cf Nevada, lOiiJll^c.
Fall— San Joaquln. 6\i'QS^c: San Joaquln
Lambs', 7>4<39c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
While the, shipping demand for Beans con
tinues, It Is not as keen as it has been, and
some dealers think that the bulk of the busi
ness for this account has been done. Others
think differently. Prices show no further
change. •
BEANS— Bayos $2 60@2 73: Small White. $4 85
®5; Large White, $3 7504 10; Pink. S2 40@2 bO;
Red. $3@3 73; Blackeye. S3 50; Limas. $8 4O@6 50;
Red Kidney. $4 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax, $2 7503: Canary. &Ato
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 1%9
VA: Hemp. 3'.Jc per lb.
. DRIED PEAS— Nlles, SI 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 16.— The Earl Fruit
Company to-day realized the following prices
at sale of California fruit at auction: Pears—
Bartletts, boxes, $1 85@2 85. average $2 50.
Plums— Kelsey Japan, single crates, 90c@$l 40,
average SI 12. Prunes— Gros, single crates,
80c@$l 80, average $1 53; Hungarian, single
crates, $1@1 35, average $1 30: Silver, single
crates, SI 10 1 15, average SI 14 ; German, sin
gle crates. SI 50@l 55, average $1 53. Peaches—
Elberta, boxes, $1 15@1 20, average $1 17; Early
Crawford, boxes, average SI 'la.' Two cars sold
here to-day. Weather favorable. ¦. . .
CHICAGO. Aug. 16.— The . Earl : Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices here to
day from sales of California fruit at'auctlon:
Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $1 85@2 ;70. ' average
$2 48. Grapes— Malaga, single crates. SI CO®
2 15, average $1 93; Clusters, single crates, $2 40
@2 80, average / S2 49. Prunes— Gros, single
crates, $1 11@1 40. average $1 25. j Fourteen card
sold to-day. Weather muggy. . -n
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.— From sales of Cali
fornia fruit here to-day by the / Earl Fruit
Company at auction the following prices were
realized:: Pears— Bartletts, boxefc ,? $2 20@2 25,
average S2 68. Grapes— Malaga, single "crates.
75c@Sl 65. 1 . average , SI 38. Prunes— Gros. ~ single
crates. $1 25@1 55. average SI. 45; Silver. 'single
crates, 80c@$l 15, average 99c. Plums—Satsu
ma. single crates, average 74c. Eleven cars
sold to-day. Weather favorable. -
LONDON, England, Aug. 16.— The Earl Fruit
Company to-day .sold California fruit here and
realized the following prices: Prunes— Silver,
single crates, $1 44@1 92; Gros.V single crates,
$1 92@2 64. Plums— Yellow Egg.- single crates.
$1 08@l 20. Pears— Bartletts. two-fifths boxes,
$1 20@l 36; Hardy, two-fifths boxes, $1 20@l 32.
Peaches— Golden Cling, boxes, ¦ average 74c;
Twin Sisters, boxes, average SI 44. Nectarines
—Single crates, average 96c. -,-..- '_-_-¦':''
LONDON, Aug. 16.— Anaconda, 9H; Canadian
Pacific. 113%; Northern Pacific preferred, 103:
Southern Pacific. 58: Atchlson, 77%: Denver and
Rip Grande. 43%: do . preferred. 95; Union Pa
cific preferred, 82%: bar silver steady, 26%d per
ounce; money, 1%@2 per cent.
HOPS— Pacific Coast, dull, £3@£3 15s.
CLOSING,
XEW YORK. Aug. 16. -The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The tone of the stock market was irood to
day. Americans began very cheerful, Erie,
Southern Pacific, . Union Pacific and Atchisons
being the favorites. There was a slight setback
here just before the New York opening, which
was attributed • to the news that three more
lodges of the Amalgamated Association had
finally struck in accordance with the strike
orders. New York did little to help things
along, but London was inclined to buy on the
reaction and the close was strong.
The copper stocks were strong, on the fort
nightly statistics. Stocks have been reduced
c6o tons and supplies 1213 tons.
London Market.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange as before.
Wheat futures firmer. Spot prices unchanged.
Barley, Corn and Rye dull.
Oats firm and in demand for Government account.
Bran and Middlings higher and firm. Hay steady.
Shipping d&mand for Beans rcportcd i less keen. -
Local dealers figure out ' a good market^ for Potatoes.
Onions firm... Vegetables generally zeeak.
Butter and Eggs quieter. Cheese firm.
Good sound Fruit scarce and wanted, Poor Fruit dull.
Prices for Oregon Italian Prunes established.
Hams and Lard firm. Bacon lagging.
Hides quoted quieter and weaker.
Packers report plenty of Hogs.
Light business on the stock exchanges^ '. ...
L S Steel.; 43U|IIumboldt '..". 25
_ D ° P ref <J 92%|Osceola 99 -
Fltchburg prefd....l45 'Parrot 51
Gen Electric 263% Quincy .... ....170
£ d , Elec *" 230 Santa Fe Copper.. 6
Mexican Cent 24% Tamarack ..........348
£,?^ as & Coke -- •' 5 % Utah Mining 28%
Old Colony ........208 Wlnona 2%
Old Dominion ."... 30U Wolverines «4&
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
- LIVERPOOL.
¦_ Wheat— - Sept. Dec.
Opening- 5 7% 5 9%
Closing 5 7% 5 9ft
PARIS.
¦ Wheat— •„•. "Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening,.... Holiday •*
Closing ;; ;¦
Flour— , -
Opening
Closing ......'.'.'..'.'.'.
, Bran and Middlings are very strong. In light
supply and good demand at the Improved prices.
' There were only four cars of Hay on the
tracks. The market showed no change.
BRAN— $1S@2O per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23@26: Jobblne.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. J17®18: Corn Meat. $32«
33: Cracked Corn. $32 30@33 50; Mixed -Feed. $17
©18. • - -.-:•,
HAT —Wheat, $7® 9 50: choice. S10S10 50:
Wheat and Oat. $6 50@9; Oat. $6@S 50; Barley
and Oat. $6<g3; Alfalfa. $8 S0@10 50; Clover. Si 50
@7: Volunteer. $4 50-gj 50.
STRAW— 25@42&c per bale. .
Hay and' Feedstuff s.
Flour. S3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 73: R7e
Meal. S2 50: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. S3 25:
extra cream do. $1: Oat Groats." $¦>: Hominy.
$4®4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4:g4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 £0; Farina, S.4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels), S6 85® S 35 :
in sacks. $6 5008: Pearl Barley. $3; Split
Peas. $3; Green Peas. S6 SO per 10O lbs.
For 'Canada failures for the week number
25, as against 29 last week. 24 ln this v week
a year ago and 20 in 1839.
failures In the United States num
ber 1.8, as against 185 last week, 168 in this
221* 1897 6ar a80> 172 ln 18 "' 195 ln 1S98 and
Corn exports aggregate 508,807, as against 990,'
714 last week and 3,017.CS9 last year. ¦¦ July 1
to date exports are, 9,227,168. against 23,676,319
last season. -
/Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
in the United States aggregate 9,039.761 bush
els, as against. 8.832.1S9 last week and 3,113.641
in the week last year. Wheat exports July
JJ°i d^ te a £E re £ate 44.072.332.' as against 19,944,
996 last year. .- ' -
In textiles it Ms to be noted that the talk of
a strike, with the necessary curtailed produc
tion, has not strengthened print cloths, which
are 3-16c . lower on the week. -Woolen goods
appear to be better situated than those of cot
ton, and in raw products the- low and fine
grades of wool are firm, with some tending up
ward, while raw, cotton is without change. The
iron and : steel strike shows little change, but
an interesting fact is that despite . the low
ered' consumption ¦• growing out of the strike,
stocks of plgiron are smaller than they were
a month ago, on a comparatively trifling de
crease In production. Chicago 1 Iron . interests
are getting much business diverted from East
ern markets by the strike. Finished producli
affected; by the strike 'are very high, and tlft
position of canned goods ' manufacturers, de
mand from which is active, is rendered uncom
fortable by the scarcity of tin plates. Sheets
and bars are likewise firm. ,--¦".
Boot and shoe manufacturers have booked
good orders. Leather Is active and hides are
firm The strength of white pine, supported
as It has been by small stocks at leading mar
kets, is notable. Considerable advances have
been made at Eastern points to meet earlier
price advances at the West.
produce are scarce arid high In price and canned
goods also tend, higher. Southern trade- advices
are. marred by damage inflicted : by the severe
storm of Wednesday and Thursday, which &\s
pears to have' hurt' the Louisiana < rice crop
.severely, but.it is not thought' to. have hurt
sugar or cotton "as' much. ••'¦ >
market was steady; creamery. 14%@21c; dairy,
13<31Sc. Cheese,- firm, 9%@10%c. Eggs, steady;
fresh. 14@14%c. .^ . .
THE, .SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 17. 1901.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Continued on Page Eleven.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ' in sacks ¦ are as fol
lows, -usual: discount to the trade: Graham
: FLOUR— California Family Extras. ' $3 25®
3 50, i usual terms ; ;. Bakers'. Extras. $3 lo@3 25 :
Oregon,"" $2 50@2 75 , per barrel ; for - family land
$2 75@3.for ¦ bakers'; -Washington bakers',' J2 75
@3. ¦-•- :¦-:>'. ¦¦ '.. .; ¦¦ • . ;¦¦ ¦ • ¦ r
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
Brad-street's on Trade
New York Grain and Produce.
Articles— '** Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ¦ • ¦ ; ¦ . ¦ .
September, .. .71% 72 7«6 71%
December........... 74 74% . 72% 74U
toy^..^..... 74*; 77% "76% -,.77?
September" . ¦• 67% - 53 57<5i 59
December 7.... 6014 61% 69% 61W
V^ts-No"^-" 62% 4 62 *' 62^
September. 3S% • 3fl% 35^ 36%
December ¦.. 37 37% 36% 37U
Jay ............. 39% . '40 39 40
MeEs Pork, per barrel —
ranuary . ...... ... .15 32% 15 45 15 32% 15 45 ¦
Lard, per 100 pounds— ..
September ......... 8 72% ' R 80 8 72% 8 ro
October. .....: 8 go -8 87% 8 80 8 85
anuary .......... 8 82>£ .8 87« 8 80 -8 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— ™
September.... 7 95 , 8 10 . 7 95 810
October 8 07% 8 20 8 05 8 20
anuary; ..... ..7 90 ¦ .7 95 . 7 90 7 95
ETATIONS.
£4
S3 32
! si 3
t3
il
?a
S
<^
HclliRter ....
Hanf ord
Xapa
Fan Jose
Riverside ....
Palermo
Ventura
Santa Maria
... C
...100
... 83
... SI
...100
...102
.'.'. 73
S4
70
53
CO
60
62
60
57
W Foggy
N Clear
S Clear
N Ptfcldy
NW Pt Clriy
S Pt Cldy
o
0
o
0
0
0
0
0
STATIONS.
O 2 2 O. S2
S Hb Hs °Z £b
I iijip ;r
lAftoria
Baker
Carson
Kureka
Fresno
Flag-staff
Pocatello, Idaho.
I ndepen dence . . .
I^os Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Ttoseburg
FaTamer.to
fait L«ik<?
Pan Francit-eo. ..
Fun Luis Oblspo
Fan Diego
Seattle
Spokane
Neah Bay
"Walla Walla ...
"Winnemucca . . .
Tumi
..30.02 64 56 NW Clear
..29.78 fc$ 64 NW Clear
..29.S8 90 56 S Cloudy
..29.96 56 4S W Cloudy
..29.74 102 CS NW Clear
..30.02 80 52 NW Pt Cldy
I..29.S0 80 64 SE Cloudy
..29.90 74 62 N Pt Cldy
..29.84 SO 60 SW Pt Cldy
..29.66 106 78 SW P.t Cldy
..28.90 SO CO NW Clear
..29.76 100 6» PE Clear
..29.80 9* 58 N Cloudy
..23.82 «2 56 S Cloudy
..29.84 S6 62 S Pt Cldy
..29.90 C2 52 SW Clear
3.29.S2 76 ES W Clear
..29.76 72 66 W Cloudy
..29.96 70 58 W Clear
..29.6S 96 70 FW Clear
..29.98 62 54 W Clear
..29.6S 100 68 \V Clear
..29.78 92 f>! NW Clear
..29.68 106 SO W Pt Cldy
0
-0
0
0
T.
0
T.
.02
0
0
0
0
0
0
.04
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Articles— '** Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ¦ • ¦ ; ¦ . ¦ .
September, .. .71% 72 7«6 71%
December........... 74 74% . 72% 74U
toy^..^..... 74*; 77% "76% -,.77?
September" . ¦• 67% - 53 57<5i 59
December 7.... 6014 61% 69% 61W
V^ts-No"^-" 62% 4 62 *' 62^
September. 3S% • 3fl% 35^ 36%
December ¦.. 37 37% 36% 37U
Jay ............. 39% . '40 39 40
MeEs Pork, per barrel —
ranuary . ...... ... .15 32% 15 45 15 32% 15 45 ¦
Lard, per 100 pounds— ..
September ......... 8 72% ' R 80 8 72% 8 ro
October. .....: 8 go -8 87% 8 80 8 85
anuary .......... 8 82>£ .8 87« 8 80 -8 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— ™
September.... 7 95 , 8 10 . 7 95 810
October 8 07% 8 20 8 05 8 20
anuary; ..... ..7 90 ¦ .7 95 . 7 90 7 95
ETATIONS.
£4
S3 32
! si 3
t3
il
?a
S
<^
HclliRter ....
Hanf ord
Xapa
Fan Jose
Riverside ....
Palermo
Ventura
Santa Maria
... C
...100
... 83
... SI
...100
...102
.'.'. 73
S4
70
53
CO
60
62
60
57
W Foggy
N Clear
S Clear
N Ptfcldy
NW Pt Clriy
S Pt Cldy
o
0
o
0
0
0
0
0
STATIONS.
O 2 2 O. S2
S Hb Hs °Z £b
I iijip ;r
lAftoria
Baker
Carson
Kureka
Fresno
Flag-staff
Pocatello, Idaho.
I ndepen dence . . .
I^os Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Ttoseburg
FaTamer.to
fait L«ik<?
Pan Francit-eo. ..
Fun Luis Oblspo
Fan Diego
Seattle
Spokane
Neah Bay
"Walla Walla ...
"Winnemucca . . .
Tumi
..30.02 64 56 NW Clear
..29.78 fc$ 64 NW Clear
..29.S8 90 56 S Cloudy
..29.96 56 4S W Cloudy
..29.74 102 CS NW Clear
..30.02 80 52 NW Pt Cldy
I..29.S0 80 64 SE Cloudy
..29.90 74 62 N Pt Cldy
..29.84 SO 60 SW Pt Cldy
..29.66 106 78 SW P.t Cldy
..28.90 SO CO NW Clear
..29.76 100 6» PE Clear
..29.80 9* 58 N Cloudy
..23.82 «2 56 S Cloudy
..29.84 S6 62 S Pt Cldy
..29.90 C2 52 SW Clear
3.29.S2 76 ES W Clear
..29.76 72 66 W Cloudy
..29.96 70 58 W Clear
..29.6S 96 70 FW Clear
..29.98 62 54 W Clear
..29.6S 100 68 \V Clear
..29.78 92 f>! NW Clear
..29.68 106 SO W Pt Cldy
0
-0
0
0
T.
0
T.
.02
0
0
0
0
0
0
.04
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
AUCTION SALES
j^j £z> te&
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
40 Fine Road Horses,
SPLENDID CARRIAGES. BUGGIES CARTS.
PHAETONS. SULKIES. HARNESS.
BOOTS, ETC.
By order executors Moses Hopkins Estate.
This consignment includes stallions, geldings
and mares by such sires as Silver Bow 2:1C.
Eros 2:25. Grandissimo 2:23%. El Benton 2:2?.
Pilot Prince. Mountain King. Hawthorne.
Moses S. Director Wilkes. Socrates, etc.. our.
of excellent mares; all broken single and double
and their ages range from 4 to 8 years. There
are also several fine saddle horses among them.
This Is- a rare opportunity for business am!
livery men to purchase first-class hors-s.
vehicles and harness at their own price. One
vehicle cost $1SOO and harness for same cost
$1000. All vehicles and harness nearly new.
Sale takes place
THURSDAY. AUGUST 29. 1301. at 11 a. m..
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
. . 721-723 HOWARD ST.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Stock at yard August 20. Catalogues ready.PROMINENT SOCIETY LADIES WHO WILL HAVE CHARGE OF THE
AMERICAN BOOTH AT THE GRAND CARNIVAL TO BE GIVEN BY
THE WOMEN'S EDUCATIONAL AND INDUSTRIAL UNION.
Charles Fay Will Be a Benedict.
I Charles Fay, secretary for Mayor. Phe
lan; and Miss Stella Leon of San Jose will
be * married v this morning at.1030 at- the
Catholic chapel In the Garden City.-. The
wedding of the young couple is to be a
varv auiet affair. . .. , . .
Midwife Schwarting Censured.
Coroner Leland held:' an inquest yester
day on the body of George F. Daley, six
teen days old, who died at 3514 Twenty
sixth street on August 13. The Jury re
turned a verdict that the child's death
was .caused "by . malpractice and ignor
ance of Mrs. Schwartlng, the mldwift at
tending the case.'* 1 /
OAKLAND, Aug. 16.— The following
named were granted marriage licenses at
the County Clerk's office to-day: Lewis
P. Harvey of Oakland, aged 21, and Mary
Larue of Oakland, aged 18; John Carlson
of Oakland, aged 23, and Hilma M. Sull
bergof Oakland, nged 29: John.T. Silvelra
of Decoto, aged 28, and Magueritte A.
Frates of Decoto, aged 27. -
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
Two men giving the names, of Harry
McGann and John Mahoney were arrested
early yesterday morning by \ Special Offi
cer : Cornelius Kelly. ¦ The men , were lock
ed up at the City Hall station and charged
with burglary: Kelly caught them in the
act of stealing a bottle of liquor from the
window of the ¦ Anita ¦ "Wine , Company's
store on Third street. The men claim to'
be -out of work in consequence of the
ctriUa.
Early Morning Burglars Caught.
Mrs. Clara Bell Brown of Washington,
D Ci will deliver a speech this evening
at Sherman & Clay's Hall in favor of the
restoration of the, army canteen. Gen
eral Young, a number of other officers and
some prominent civilians Interested in
army affairs are expected to be present.
Mrs. Brown la prepared in her speech to
disprove the statements made In regard
to the canteen by Rev.' Wilbur Crafts.
Crafts and Mrs. Brown are old antagon
ists, having fought out the Sunday news
paper question in Washington, D. C.,
some years ago. :
¦ *¦•'¦• ¦..
To Bestore the Army Canteen.
| H.Buneman; wholesale liquor merchant.
317 Front street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday, for "the
arrest of Jule C. Gamage, collector, on
the charge of felony embezzlement. Gam
age is accused of collecting $250 for Bune
man and failing to account for it.
Warrant for Gamage's Arrest.
In the published accounts of the rob
bery of the safe In the -office of the Gaa
Consumers* Association Dr. M. E. Klbbe
of 1023 Sntter street was mentioned a«
manager of the concern. Dr. Kibbe says
that she is not In any way connected with
the. management of the association, all
her . time being taken up with the prac
tice of her profession. '
Dr. KIbhe Hot the Manager.
Herbert Boyd, a ship's cook, asphyxiat
ed himself with Illuminating gas yester
terday morning in his room at 207 Powell
street. He - was found unconscious and
was removed to the. Central Emorgencv
Hospital, where ho died at 6 a.m. Bovd's
wife la a patient In the Pacific Hospital
and she had Instituted divorce proceed
ings against him. . *. X . ¦
Suicide of Herbert Boyd.
Joseph Smith was held to answer .before
the Superior. Court by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday on the charge of assault with a
deadly ' weapon In $1000 bonds. August
Z Smith and Robert Loring had a dispute
over a woman : at 150 Fourth street and
Smith fired. a shot at Loring. He was ar
rested on a charge of . assault to murder,
but Piter hearing the evidence yesterday
the Judge reduced the charge to assault
with a. deadly weapon. -
Fired a Shot at Loring.
The Drug ClerksV. Association will hold
its second picnic to-morrow at Sunset
Park. The first picnic took jj place last
Sunday, and nine cars were necessary to
accommodate the prescription mixers and
their, friends. As Sunday is a work day
in the drug business.it is necessary to
hold the annual outing in two sections. ;
Drug Clerks' Second Picnic.
John Simpson and Frank D. Donahue*
are partners in the monument business."
with offices in the Columbian building.
Yesterday Simpson secured a warrant,
from Judge Cabaniss for Donahue's ar
rest on the charge of battery. Simpson
alleges that Donahue has been .trying to
drive him out of the business, and Thurs-.
day he deliberately pulled his nose and
struck him. *-N
Pulled Simpson's Nose.
¦ W. Hay wood and W. S. Gibson were
arrested in Alameda County yesterday by
Detectives Dillon and Crockett on the
warrant charging them with grand lar
ceny by obtaining $500 from C. N. Davis
at the Olympic Club grounds last Satur
day on what Davis alleges was a fake
footrace.. Hay wood was brought -to the
City Prison, but Gibson was released on
bonds accented by Justice of, the Peace
Larue of Alameda County.
That "Fake" Footrace.
The case of Marshall Moran, bartender,
charged wltli assault to murder for stab
bing George Birdsall at the Chutes during
the fall of the Bastlle celebration, was
called in Judge Mogan's court yesterday.
The court was notified that Birdsall was
now convalescent and the case was,con
tinued till August 27. when It is expected
he will be able to be present and testify.
Birdsall Is Convalescent.
Saloon Keepers Band Themselves To
gether to Protect Their Cash
Registers.
Bartenders working In the principal sa
loons of this city, will hereafter be closely
watched to prevent them from "working"
the cash registers. An association has
been formed among the main saloon
keepers having for its object the detection
of bartenders who are wont to "flirt" with
the registers during opportune moments.
A private detective agency has been em
nloved by the association to ferret out the
bartenders who "toy" with the machines,
and whenever a mixologist is suspected of
adding to his exchequer at the expense
of his employer a detective will be de
tailed to watch him. As soon as the nec
essary evidence is secured against him he
will be discharged and his name placed on
the "blacklist." which will Be used against
him when he applies for another job.
PRIVATE DETECTIVES
TO WATCH BARTENDERS
Michael Kavany of 1130 "Fork street was
taken yesterday to the City and County
Hospital suffering from a fracture of the
right leg. He was injured in Monterey,
where he has been working on a thresh
ing machine. A platform on -which he
was standing gave way and he was
thrown with considerable violence against
the revolving: shaft.
Threshing Machine Sand Hurt.
The writ of habeas corpus for the re
lease of James Burns, sentenced to nine
teen years for attempt to commit robbery,
was dismissed by Judge Cook yesterday
and the prisoner was remanded into cus
tody. The dismissal was made without
prejudice. Burns was arrested last yea
on a charge of robbery. On the second
trial of the case before Judge Lawlor the
jury convicted him of attempt to commit
robbery, and on September 1 the Judge
sentenced him to nineteen years in Fol
som penitentiary. :..-•• ¦
James Bums' Writ Dismissed.
The Supervisors' joint Committee on
Judiciary and Finance met yesterday to
devise a plan for the payment of old de
mands against the city remaining unpaid.
Auditor Wells was present, and at his
suggestion It wns decided - to prepare a
list of the claimants, together with the.
amount of their claims. These will be
sent to the Auditor with the demands, and
after comparison .they will be distributed.
Will Pay Old Claims.
Child's Life Saved by Fender.
The life of three-year-old Roland Holm,
son of Martin Holm, a seafaring man; re
siding at 443 Bryant street, was saved yes
terday afternoon by a fender on one of the
Bryant street trolley cars. He was cross
ing Third street at Bryant, when the car
knocked him down. The fender picked up
the little fellow ami he was sent to th^s
Emergency Hospital, -where Dr. McElroy
dressed a slight cut over the eye.
HELENA, Mont., Aug. 16.— The story
telegraphed over the country that John
Campbell, the veteran horseman, known
on every Western track, has been' offered
$10,000 a year to take charge of the racing
stables of the. Czar of Russia, is denied
by Campbell in every particular.
Will Not Work for Nicholas.
The following new delegates to the La
bor Council were seated : Samuel Grubb,
National Association of Steam and ' Hot
Water Fitters and Helpers: T. J. Can
non. Pavers' Union; Philip Shanzer, Alex
ander, Dijeau- and Joseph O'Day. Milk
Drivers' Union TCo. 228; Fred Dulren,
Stablemen's Union • • No. ; 8760; Valentine
TMtton, Brewery Workmen's Union No.
102. i , V , • .. ./.'I .
A report was received from the Beer
Bottlers' Union showing that one beer
bottling establishment had conceded the
demand of the union, had discharged Its
non-union bottlers and had union men at
work. - .. &6BPQI
. "Numerous complaints have been re
ceived from the members of the building
trades because they have been forced out
of work. "We are sorry for the building
trades. We are^sorry for the farmers
and the fruit growers, but we cannot see
our way to renounce the privileges which
our fathers fought to gain for us. "We in
tend to hold out until . we win a. victory
for our union or go down in. utter ruin.
'The only complaint that we have to
make is that the Police Department Is
under such control that* Its members are
forced to treat us roughly in order to
hold their jobs, i We ' have made up our
minds that we will not. give any excuse
for shooting or for calling out the militia.
We are not doing any worrying about the
specials. We feel that they could do more
to break the strike by acting as long
shoremen and assisting in loading and
unloading vessels than by . riding about
town with pistols In their pockets."
"There is an immense quantity of wheat
lying on the wharf at Port Costa and
along the banks. of the Yuba River. It
is in Imminent danger - of destruction.
They say that the fruit crop is in a bad
state and that great losses will be suf
fered by the fruit growers. We would
give almost anything we possess other
than our principles of unionism to pre
vent this loss and this suffering.
Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the Sail
ors' Union* reported that conditions along
the water front were satisfactory. 'In
speaking of the loss of the farmers and
fruit growers he said:
At the regular -weekly meeting . of the
Labor Council last night in the Pioneer
building no important action bearing- on
the- strike" was taken. Reports from
unions were received and merely routine
business was transacted. A committee o£
ten was appointed to visit the various
unions for the purpose of soliciting finan
cial support for the men who are now
on strike. J • . . . '
FURUSETH MAKES REPORT.
Iroquois' Club Memorializes Congress
for the Immediate Construction
of Shipbuilding Plant. ,
The Iroquois Club held its regular week
ly meeting last night at Pythian Castle.
William Cannon presiding. The following
resolution, presented by Max Popper, was
unanimously adopted: .,
"Whereas, The excandinc" commerce and the
new responslbtlties of "the United States re-,
quire constant additions to our navy and
whereas the sea power of the nation, will be
the controlling: factor, in all future deputes
with other countries. ?.« exemplified in the
hrllliant victories of Dewey.a; Manila and of
Pchley at Santlaero. which constituted the de
cisive force that concluded- our war with
Snair- and whereas, th* frequent disturbances
between capital and labor in the Union Iron
Works at San Francisco and In other private
EhiDbuildintr enterprises throughout the coun
trv are likely to seriously impair .the , con
struction and preservation of our navy In an
emergency -when ships may be needed to re
sist an enemy; therefore beMt f - - •
Resolved. The Iroauols Club of San Fran
clsco hereby recommends the immediate con
struction and operation of shipbuilding plants
bv the Government, and that all work in, con
nection with the vessels of ¦ the navy be con
fined exclusively hereafter within such plants
under Governmental ownership, and t that W3
hereby memorialize Congress to -enact legisla
tion at its coming: session essential the
accomplishment of thin de«l«n. and that copies
of tht« resolution b» furnlnhed all Democratic
members of Congress, with the renuest thjit
they unto Immediate action in accordance. with
Its terms. ¦ ' '.¦ , ';•_¦'.¦
WANTS GOVERNMENT TO
BUILD ITS OWN NAVY
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted to
Oustave H. Legrer from Marie Helene
T^>ger for desertion, Annfe Mensor from
Hpr.ry Mensor for cruelty and August
Ericson from Olivia Ericson for desertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed hv TCu
p-enia A. McGowan apainst John W. Mc-
GoTan for intemoerancp. Ida J. Hasson
apainst John C. Hasson fnr desertion. Al
exander H. Neili against Eleanor C. Neill
for cruelty. Sophie J. Gilfillan asrainst A.
F. GPfillan for failure to provide. Clar
rticp Brook Stafford against Emma Staf
ford for cruelty. Virginia Shippee against
.T^rr.ps H. Shlpnee for desertion and Mary
McDonald aprainst Thomas McDonald for
failure to provide.
Credit Men Meet To-Day.
The San Francisco Credit Men's Asfo
riation •will meet this afternoon at tha
California Hotel. Addresses will be made
by prominent business men. This even
5^£r th<» credit men will dine together at
the California.
NEEDLES, Aug! 16.— G. T. Carter, sten
ographer of the Santa Fe Pacific. Rail
way, committed suicide last , night ¦ by
swallowing poison. Eight months
ago young Carter was injured severely
in a train wreck and never fully recov
ered. .
Stenographer Commits Suicide.
Successfully Celebrate the Anniver
sary of the Birth of Sir Walter
Scott.
St. Andrew's Society celebrated the one
hundred and thirtieth anniversary of the
Mrtti of Sir Walter Scott by a concert and
social dance in Scottish Hall last night.
Th'e hall was comfortably filled. Vice
President P., Livingston Dunn presided
and delivered an introductory address
suitable to the occasion.'
The event of the evening was an ad
dress on "Sir Walter Scott" by Professor
H Rushton Fairclough of Stanford Uni
versity. Considering the fact that he had
only two days in which to prepare him
self his address was all the more surpris
inc' as it was full of the deepest interest
and charm. He spoke of Scott as a poet,
a novelist and a man, and ranked him as
the greatest English Homeric writer.
Those ¦who contributed to the concert
programme were Fairgrieve's Orchestra
Mi«;s Etta Fraser, Robert Blair, Mrs. J.
Klein George St. J. Bremner, Miss Daisy
Keane and Master Frank Gratto. Each
sirRer'was encored and Miss Daisy Keana
was honored with a double recall, her
soneo "Mv Tocher's the Jewel." "Jamie.
Dear " and '"Twafl Within a Mile" being
rende'red with rare archness and sweet
- n< Those who had the affair in charge
were- John McLaren. William Nicol.
John M. Duncan, Andrew Wilkie and
James McNab, reception committee; J. C
Moffatt R. D. Colquhoun and Alexander
Nicholson, floor committee: P. Livingston
Dunn. William Balnaves and George St.
J. Bremner, executive committee.
A Coroner's jury returned a verdict yes
terday to the effect that Hervey B. Van
derhoof of the Syndicate Publishing Com
pany had committed suicide by swallow
ing carbolic acid. Mrs. A. Robertson, the
landlady of the house at 617 Powell street
testified that Deputy Coroner Flynn had
called her attention to the odor of car
bolic acid in the room. After he had gone
she found a glass on the dresser that had
the odor of the poison.
Deputy Flynn said that he found a glass
on the dresser, .but that it had no odor.
On the representation of Miss Clara Hess
that she was the wife of Vanderhoof Mr.
Flynn turned over to her a pold watch
and chain, a. check for $150 and \he dead
man's jewelry.
Mrs. G. S. Olive of 819 F street, Sacra
mento, was the last witness that saw
Vandcrhoof alive, and that was at half
past 7 o'clock, when he returned to the
house after having started to take the
boat for Santa Rosa.
M ii ss ,r CI Y a^ He - ss ' whn had been living
with Vanderhoof as his wife, told how
she had returned home at half-past 7
o'clock in the morning and found Vander
hoof dead.
Dr# BnctealH?V. testIflfid that death
caused by carbolic acid.
to Miss Hess, His Pretended
Wife.
Dead Man's Money and Jewelry Given
VERDICT OF SUICIDE
IN VANDEBHOOF CASE
ST. ANDREW'S SOCIETY
IN SONG AND DANCE
SAN JOSE, Aug. 16.— Special agents of
the California Cured Fruit Association
have just made returns on the estimate of
the crops about to be harvested and give
the yield of prunes*for the entire State
this "season at about 55,000.000 pounds. The
figures for District No. 3 (Santa Clara
Valley. Salinas and Hollister) are put at
24,000,000 pounds. The total : State crop
last year was about 170.000,000 noun-Is; for
District No. 3, 101,000.000 pounds. Compu
lations made to-day give- the total
amount of prunes now in. the hands of
the association at 38,000,000 pounds, so that
there is in sieht as an available State
prune supply 93,000,000 pounds.. Of the com
ing crop the association will handle on
the basis of last year three-fourths, or
nbout 41.000,000 of the 55,000.000 pounds.
Prunes are selllnsr rapidly, and it is ex
pected'that the old stock will be disposed
of inside of thirty days and at the 3}i
cent basis.
ESTIMATES ON PRUNE
CBOP FOR THIS SEASON
Changes Elect C. J. McGlynn;, Who
Was Apparently Defeated . on
Semi-Official Beturns.
The official canvass of the primary elec
tion returns by the Election Commission
yesterday developed the fact that in the
Thirty-eighth Assembly District on the
Republican ticket C. J. McGlynn gained
five votes and John Gernns lost five
votes, giving McGlynn 628 and Gernns 627.
thus electing McGlynn, who was defeated
on the semi-official returns. --~ -
In the Eighteenth Primary Precinct of
the Thirty-first 'District a tie resulted in
the votes for Flcherty and McNamara on
the Democratic ticket. In the Twenty
first Precinct of the Thirty-first District
Tindel, Maguire, Savage and Dwyer re
ceived 34 votes each on the Democratic
ticket .•"•¦"•
In the Forty-third Assembly District,
Ninety-sixth Primary Precinct, the can
didates of the Primary League lose five
votes each, giving the opposition a ma
jority of 9 instead of 4. ' '• . .
In the Forty-third District Burry. Res
ton and Doud are tied for the twenty
ninth place, Dinkelspiel. Kennedy and Col
lins of the Dibble ticket are elected. The
official result of the canvass was an
nounced last night at 9:30 o'clock, and the
Registrar began the issuance of creden
tials to the successful candidates.
The commission decided to allow two
days' pay or $4 to the • primary election
officers.- they having worked from fifteen
to twenty-four hours.
'The circus programme promises many
surprises both in the ring performance
and the trained animal features. Promi
nent ambng these are the Da Coma fam
ily, whose acrobatic feats have brought
them world wide fame: John O'Brien's
61-horse act; Lockhardt's elephant com
edians, which show amazing intelligence
and sense of humor; the Holloway trio of
Kuropean reputation for \ extracrdlnary
deeds on a high wire; the Fisher family,
the Feeley family, Alvo Boise and
Picard, Minnie Fisher. Millie Tumour.
Nettie Carroll. Jesse Leon and Emma
Fredericks, all. distinguished for their
daring and sensational aerial work.
Among the expert bareback riders aro
Amelia Feeley, her first appearance in this
country: Julia Lowanda. ¦Emma- Fred
ericks. Lizzie Roonev, Fred Miller, "Wil
liam Devan. John Rooney and Albert
Crandall. There are 300 -performers.
There will be forty clowns and a clown
band to produce amusing discord.
The big street parade will tako place
Monday morning, August 26, at 9 o'clock,
and the performance will begin at 2 and 8
o'clock each day of the week, beginning
Monday. August 26. Seats will be soM
during the show week at Sl/erman &
Clay's for the same prices charged at the
grounds. Sixteenth and Folsom street3.
The RIngling Br&s.' big show la due
here August 26. The show this year la
bigger and more effective than ever. Tha
parade is described by the press to be a
dazzling spectacle and remarkable for the
novelty and variety of its many features.
It presents equestriennes in gauzy finery,
troops of jockeys tn satin and buckskin,
companies of gay cavaliers, graven and
golden statues of nursery tale heroes,
hundreds of beautiful horses and pretty
ponies, uniformed attendants, clowns, ele
phants, camels, trained animals, open
dens; in fact, a bewildering array oC
everything usual to a circus parade. In
cluding a calliope.
Anything 1 of Its Kind Given
Before in the City.
Street Parade Will Eclipse and Excel
Board of Health Approves of the Re
cently Drafted Regulations
for Razor- Wielders.
The Health Board met yesterday and
approved a set of sanitary rules to govern
barber shops. The rules will be sent to
the Supervisors to be adopted as an ordi
nance and will also be submitted to the
State Barber Examiners for approval.
The rules are as. follows:
Mugs and shaving brushes shall be sterilized
by immersion in boiling water after e^ery sep
arate use thereof.
Razors shall be wiped with alcohol before' and
after being used.
Hair brushes known as "sanitary ..brushes"
must be used after first being sterilized.
Razor strops must be kept clean and never
wiped off with the hand or blown upon with
the breath.
A separate clean towel shall he used for each
person.
Barbers shall not blow away with breath any
hairs after cutting:, but use a towel or bulb
or hairbrush.* • /
Barbers shall keep their finger nails short
cut and clean. Alum or other material used
to stop the flow of blood shall be so used only
in powder form and applied on a towel.
The use of powder puff, finger bowls and
sponger is prohibited. - . - ¦ •
No pnson shall be allowed to use any bar
ber shop as a dormitory.
All barbers' instruments must' be disinfected
after using.
These .rules shall be placed In a conspicuous
place in the- shops.
A resolution was adopted providing that
the city undertaker shall alone have the
power to remove the Indigent dead to the
various medical colleges.
The board | will meet next "Wednesday
night to take steps for the vacating of an
unsanitary building at 873 and 875-Folsom
street. - • . :
SANITARY RULES WILL
'. GOVERN BARBER SHOPS
given the detectives a clew upon which
to work, and they are hopeful that at
least one of the marauders will shortly
be In Jail. -
During the absence of the "Walker fam
ily on a vacation Dr. Patery has been re
siding at the house and attending to the
dentist's business. Just before midnight
Thursday Dr. Patery returned to the resi
dence and as he started upstairs- to his
bedroom he heard suspicious noises In the
rear on the ground floor. Back he went,
pistol In hand, to investigate. As the doc
tor was walking along the hallway he
struck one of two burglars that had en
tered the place. The men grappled and
Patery had a struggle to get his revolver
into play. He succeeded in firing; one
shot and then, dropping to his knee3 as
both the Intruders returned the fire, kept
up his share in the fusillade. So hot did
the . battle become that the pair backed
away, got out of a kitchen door and dis-
The close range flght at the residence
was not of the dentist's seeking, but when
it was opened he did not hesitate to give
the brace of shooting burglars - all. the
trouble they could handle. He drove them
out of the house, sending bullets after
OFFICIAL CANVASS OF
PBIMARY ELECTION RETURNS
with burglars, during which Dr. Leroy
Patery, a young dentist of this city, ac
quitted himself bravely. It was not young
Patery's first experience under fire. . In
fact, he attributes his coolness during the
affray to his familiarity with bullets
gained by service In the Philippines with
the Fourteenth United States Infantry.
A birth<V»-y party was given to Miss Alice
Dray at the home of her grandmother Monday
afternoon, August 12. Miss A. Wagner. Miss
K. Ew«>rs, Miss Grace Erckine and Mies Violet
Hp-nnah entertained the guest by selections on
the piano and Miss A. Dragw played the man
dolin. Refreshments were eerved. Among the
ruests were: Misses TCellle and Sophia- Smith.
Miss Edith Ewers. Miss Alice Wagner, Miss
K. Thomas, Miss E. Ott, Miss Violet Hannah,
Miss Helen Bruse. Miss Helen Brendes, Miss
G. Erskine. Miss Annie Drajrer, Miss- M.
O'Connor. Masters Walter, Lester. Charlie and
Jofccnio Dray and Master G. Grow. Many
beautiful ffifts were received.
A farewell reception was tendered Mis« K.
Miller at the residence of Miss Alice Corbett,
<:.: Tenth street, on Monday evening, August 12.
Singing and dancing were indulged In till a
late hour, when an elaborate supper was
sei-i-ed. The invited ruests were: Miss K. Mil
ler B Leaf. Miss Alice Corbett. F. Moirill:
Miss M. Schaefer, S. Taylor, Miss L. Buck.
K Duvenick, Miss J. Tipnett. P. Kyne, Miss
J. Small. A. Ouinn. Miss L. Smart. W. Oalla
t un Miss K. Osterman. G. Broderson. Miss X.
«"orbett. F. Gibson. Miss Agnes Corbet. A- Lip
man. Miss M. Hallinan, E. Summers.
Edward Jane* and Miss Lena James of
TTotel I>enox will spend a month at Tallae.
I>»kr T»bne and the Blue Lakes.
Mis?" Nellie A. Sullivan is spending the fam
mfT in Carload and Ostend.
Pr n L. Walsh and wlf* have returned after
p three Vcpfcn' outir.e at Klsmath Hot Springs.
M1f» Ksttie Lovejoy of Xewark has been
*V»pn<itTi»r a few days with Mrs. Marshall Da
men of tlifa city.
Mrs. Charles Cole»nan and Miss Jan^tte Cole
rrinn have returned from their southern and
Ewtern trip.
M3m Julia Greenhaum has returned .from a
\p<-atlnn ?-t S.-.Tit*. Cruz.
William P. Cathcart. J. L. Gaffney, F. Ken
r»flv and Corporal E. Fnley are spending a
Fhrrt vioatlon Rt P.rookside. Olistnea.
Mr?, H. rurtha Myers and daughter Lillian
of T5°rlin. Germany, formerly of Portland. Or..
are hi Srfccveiir.iren. Holland. They will visit
Arr.rtprdam. "nissplf and London before re
turning to Berlin f"r the winter, where Miss
Lillian will resume her musical studies.
A birthday party •was given by Miss Carrie
Tielle Hecbtman, daughter of Mrs. A. J.
Hechtxsan of 2336 Pacific avenue, Saturday
afternoon. Among those present were: Misses
Florence Windeling. Alexandra Shields, Ruth
Me ran, Bosnian Pratt. Florence Altken. Syble
Higgins. Ella Ottinger, Bertha Todd, Georginie
Hanson, "Wynn Martin, Delia Van Ma^ee.
Helen Deete'.s. Violet and Catherine Ellis of
Hacramento and Irene Guess.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
CIRCUS PROMISES MA1TY
SENSATIONAL FEATURES
The burglars had their faces half hidden
by handkerchiefs. Both appeared to bo
well dressed. As there was but little light
In the hallway the dentist Is unable to
give anything but a very meager descrip
tion of his assailants.
appeared down Clay street, Patery send
ing, his last bullet after them. When It
was all ended, the dentist found his shirt
front covered with blood stains. He la
convinced that he shot the burglar with
whom he tussled In the hallway. In a
front room was a bundle of dentist's tools
and gold which had been packed by tha
thieves. The interruption caused by Dr. [
Patery's arrival caused them to abandon
the plunder. . .„-.
"There isn't anything more to be said
about the affair," remarked Dr. Patery
to-day. "It was rather lively while it
lasted. I am sure that one of the bur
glars was hit. and I hope the police will
be able to find him.'*
The Daily Graphic, in the course of a
statement, says that both the Spectator
and Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman have
been over-hasty, that the transaction ap
pears perfectly legitimate, and that it
would be well if all transactions with re
gard to party funds were as innocent and
straightforward. •;
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, on be
half, of himself and Sir "William Vernon
Harcourt, declared the story "a lie from
beginning to end." To-day Rhodes writes
to the Spectator promfsing to get the cor
respondence on the subject from South
Africa and to publish it. adding: that "the
correspondence speaks for itself:"
The anonymous correspondent also re
veals himself as Charles Boyd. who, ac
cording to the Daily News. Is a journal
ist having confidential relations with the
British South Africa Chartered Company.
From the comments of the Liberal
papers It now appears conclusive that the
late Schnadhorst, the Liberal organizer,
accepted £5000 from Rhode3. The Specta
tor 1 Itself repudiates . this version and
charges the Liberal party with accepting
a bribe.
LONDON, Aug. 17. — An anonymous let
ter to the Spectator "recently declared
that Cecil Rhodes, by a contribution of
£5000 to the funds of the party, had in
duced the Liberals to abandon their pol
icy as to Egypt, which favors evacuation.
Thereupon the Spectator insinuated that
this arrangement, explained the tender
ness which the Liberals displayed toward
Rhodes In the inquiry as to the Jameson
raid.
OAKLAND DENTIST WHO EXCHANGED SHOTS WITH TWO MASKED
AND DESPERATE BURGLARS WHO BROKE INTO THE WALKER RES
IDENCE AND WERE DETECTED BEFORE SECURING ANY PLUNDER.
South African Magnate
Resents Anonymous
Charges.
"Without any positive knowledge, but
from what I have heard, I am led to be
lieve that there is a plan to join the Beth
lehem shipbuilding combine, which is to
take in the Union Iron Works, the Nixon
Shipbuilding Company, the Newport News
concern and the Harlan & Hollingsworth.
but neither the Cramps nor the New York
Shipbuilding Company."
At a meeting of the stockholders to-day
the purchase of the Bethlehem Iron Com
pany was speedily 'effected and bonds for
$7,500,000 were authorized to pay for the
plant. Lawyer Max Pam .of New York
was present as Schwab's representative.
MIL RUES
MAKES DENIAL
Robert H. Linderman, president of the
Bethlehem Company, and Joseph W. Har
ton, the largest stockholders, were the
men who negotiated the sale to Schwab.
In an interview to-day Linderman said:
PHILADELPHIA Aug. 16.— If the pres
ent plans' of Edward H. Harriman of New
York are carried to a successful end the
Bethlehem Steel Company will become an
annex of a great ship building combina
tion. This proposed union of interests is
intended to include the "Upion-Iron Works
of San Francisco, the Newpprt News Ship
building Company, the Nixon Shipbuild
ing Company and the Harlan & Hollings
worth Company.^
__ Harriman figures as the chief promoter
c>f*the monster combination. The Beth
lehem Company will first pass under the
control of Charles M. Schwab on Septem
ber 28, when he will pay the last install
ment of $7,500,000 in purchase money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Be an Annex of the
Concern.
Bethlehem Steel Company to
The executive* committee of the carni
val Includes: Madame Louise A. Sorbier,
manager; Mrs. Paris Kilburn, Mrs. Nellie
Blessing Eyster, Mrs. P. D. Hale, Mrs. H.
I. Haber, Miss Cella Perkins, Miss Angela
Sullivan, Mrs.. Hutchinson, Mrs. M. A.
Cachot, Mrs. Margaret Deane, Mrs. Louis
Glass, Mrs. Joseph Spear, Mrs. W. M.
Searby, Mrs. . S. L. Braverman, . Mrs. M.
Wheeland, Mrs. R. E. White, Mrs. J. M.
Dlxon, Mrs. J. F. Blrlem, Mrs. H. .T. Ber
liner, Mrs. J. Franklin, Mrs. J. S. Mitch
ell, Mrs. Frances Hunt.
The object of the carnival is to raise
funds to be utilized in the building of a
new home for the splendid charity, the
present headquarters at 7 Van Ness av
enue being altogether inadequate for the
extended work of the union.
The hall will be divided into booths rep
resenting the art of America, England,
Ireland, France, Italy and Germany. Each
of these countries will have a night for
the presentation of their masterpieces in
painting, sculpture, music and literature.
There will be 450 participants in the car
nival and the costumes will be most mag
nificent. ¦
tive Sons' Hall, -opening on the
evening of September 30 and continuing
for six days.
THE members of the "Women's Edu
cational and Industrial "Union are
busily making preparations for a
grand carnival to be held In Na-
Magnate May Soon
Control the Ship-
Building Trust..
Paintings and Literatureof All of the Civilized Nations to Be Repre
sented in Series of Magnificent Living Pictures-
After an Interchange of Shots- at Close Range Dr. Leroy Patery
Forces Them to Retreat From .the Walker Residence.
MEMBERS OF EDUCATIONAL UNION
PREPARING FOR GRAND CARNIVAL
THRILLING FIGHT OF A DENTIST
WITH TWO DESPERATE BURGLARS
HARRIMAN PLANS
GIANT COMBINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1901.
/ /t\'aklAND, ,Aug. 16.— Bullet holes
ft , \\ in the walls and doors of the res-
II • - II idence of Dr. C. H. Walker at 554
Fourteenth street give evidence of
¦ f a. rapid-flre battle at midnight
them, and when his revolver was empty
he sounded the alarm for the police. Both
of the intruders who used Patery as a
target lor their pistols escaped. But the
presumed wounding of 'one of them has
9
POSTUM CEEEAL.
BREAKFAST ON DRINK.
Coffee Makes Many Dyspeptics.
¦ *
"Coffee and I had quite a tussle. Two
years ago I was advised by the doctor to
quit the use of coffee, for I had a chronic
rase of dyspepsia and serious nervous
troubles, which did not yield to treat-
ment- I- was so addicted to coffee that
It seemed an impossibility to quit, but
v.hcn I was put on Postum Cereal Food
Offce there was no trouble in making
the change, and * to-day I am a well
woman.
"Or.e of the lady teachers In our public
schools was Eick and nervous. Frequently
the only thlngr she took for breakfast was
a cup of coffee; I urged her to try leaving
off the coffee and use Postum instead.
Went bo far as to send her a sample from '
ray box and give her directions. She now
uses nothing but Postum Food Coffee and
told me a short time, ago that Ehe was
perfectly welL "W
"It is easy to make good Postum. once
a person becomes accustomed to it. Put
four heaping teaspoons to the pint of
water and after it comes up to a boil, see
that from that time on it boils fifteen or
twenty minutes, then use good cream and
you have a drink that would be relished
by the queen. Be sure and put a piece of
nutter the size of a pea. in the pot to pre-
vent boiling over." Mr*. Llzze Whittaker.
} Kidder, Mo. Postum is sold by all flrst-
l class grocers at 'IS and 25 cents per pack-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1901.
10
SAST FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRAXCn OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until »:S0 p. m. .
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p.' m.
1P41 2£!spion street: open until iO p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tmtll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh 6tr«et: open until 9 p.m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second 1 and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
BOO Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. 4-2-a
T.— Reception and drill at Mechanics' jflr
Pavilion by the Drill Corps of Callfor- IIBJ
nla Commandery SATURDAY EVEN-
ING August 17. Doors o-?en at 7:30
o'clock. Reserved seats $1. General admis-
sion 50c. Tickets obtainable at the . door.
H. T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K.. _ ¦?¦_
T.— All members polng to Louisville T55"
are notified to have their baggage de- R2
. llvered at the Masonic Temple before 07
8 p. m. of SUNDAY. August 18. Boat
leaves foot of Market Bt. at 9 p. m. SHARP.
H. T. GRAVES. Recorder. .
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and IB -
A. M.. will attend the funeral of our^(%^
late brother. WENTWORTH PORTER jC/T
SERVANT. SUNDAY. August 18, 1901. ' '
at 10:30 a. m.. Masonic Temple. Master Ma-
sons and friends respectfully invited. By
order of the W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _#\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- j£2\
gree. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary, '^v *
OFFICERS and members of Court Twin^NWf*
Peaks No. 7^56, A. O. F.— You are re- <^7f
quested to assemble at : the Masonic Jf'\
Temple. Post and Montgomery sts.. to ft— >
attend the funeral services of our late broth-
ers. W. P. SERVANT, on Sunday. August IS,
at 11 o'clock a. m. sharp- By order.
P. L. MOORE, C. R.
ALEX. SMITH, F. S. "
A GRAND mass meeting will be held on SUN-
•DAY, August IS. In front of the new City
Hall on Market st. to discuss the issue be-
twf«ii capital and labor. DR. C. C. O'DON-
NELL and other eminent speakers will ad-
dress the meeting-. Come one. come all.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mis-
sion et., San Francisco, Cal., on FRIDAY,
August 23. 1901. at 8 o'clock p. m... for- the
•lection of directors for the ensuing term,
•nd also to consider an amendment to the by-
laws reducing the number of directors from 9
to 7. and! the transaction of such other busi-
ness as irgy come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bonks wiU close Tuesday. August 20, at 4
o'clock p. in.. By order *>f the board of dl-
r*-ctorg. ¦ M. C. GORHAM. Secretary,
AGEXTS WANTED. j
SOLICITORS — Salary and commission. Equita-
ble Indemnity Co., r. 4. floor 10, Mills bldg.
AGENTS everywhere to sell stock "gold
mine": good pay. Newton & Harter. 759 Mkt
ASPHALTCJI ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. 11?6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW,
ADVICE free;dlvorces prlvate;bankruptcy;col-
lections attachments: mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships :<3e»>ds: wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt.. r. 4. op. Sth.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market,cor.Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. "W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
BOOKS~of~every~ kind bought Tel. Red 2936.
j HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A LADY would like 1 or 2 small children or an
infant to board; best of care given; terms rea-
sonable. 36SB Clementina Et
WANTED — A home for good boy, 12 years old. i
Address box <770. Call office. I
LADY with her own home will board children;
reasonable; near school. 4023 Twenty- fifth et
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's cart-; 110 up: sunny yard. 1607 California. !
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^55pT^H^OTING~gallery.<jloing a"good"busi-
ness; net profits at least $108 per month; rent
$4>; come, see and satisfy yourself. R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny ft
A— MOO: BRANCH bakery- and coffee saloon
wit h 5 living rooms; rent $15: choicest loca-
tion; must be sold at once on account of
eicknees or owner. Call R. G. WILKE, 2«%
Keamy et. /
S330G — SALOON, restaurant and lodging in one
of tie rooet prospering towns in California;
lease; cheap rent; all in first-class order;
clearing ?200 per month. R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny eL -: -.
A — Sl^O; BAKERY and coffee saloon; very best
location, about 2 blocks from Phelan build-
ing; a splendid paying place; disagreement
of partner* cause of sale. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A — H500: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st-': dally receipts from
$90 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et
A— 51500; FIRST-CLASS in prices and flr«t-class
riayiric restaurant close to Chronicle build-
ing ; come, investigate and you will finil a
splendid Investment. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny rt.
FINE opening for an active man with good
business qualifications; single man preferred;
rood future for good man; capital needed J500.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
S17 Market ft. opp. Mason, rooms 1-2.
DRUG ttore and fixtures for sale: fine oppor-
tunity: location corner Geary and Devisadero
sts. For particulars apply to LANGLEY &
MICHAELS CO.. 3S First Bt. or Board of
Trade of San Francisco. 202 Market st
J3000 EACH: 2 new 5-room cottages: modern
improvements: aiso 2 fots: will sell or ex-
change for any good-paying business. C
HARBRIDGE & CO.. 323 Kearny Et. I
S300— PARTNER wanted; light business: must
be steady, reliable man: satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no. experience required; trial
given before buying. 25 Geary st, room 1.
S130— PARTNER wanted; Indoor business;
steady man. McLaughlln & Co., 777% Market.
PARTNER wanted by jobber and Eastern
manufacturer's agent; dry goods; invest
S3C00; half Interest; full investigation. Box
4"l, Call., -
FOR SALE— First-class family liquor Btore.
Apply to BEN J. GOLDMAN CO., 119 Bush.
FURNITURE and locks repaired; carpet re-
laid, otc. Apply 440 Third st
WANTJ2D — An honest and sober partner with
SSCOO In an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.: cash receipts - about $1300 -to
J20W> per month. Address GEORGE MAT-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, 1071% Mar-
• ket Et., San Francisco.
FOR sale— At Invoice price, the merchandise
etore of CNOPIUS & CO., Santa Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Healdsburg. as a whole or each etore sep-
arate: disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa. ¦¦¦ .'
SILO — SMALL chop house, complete, having a
Kood trade: rent $10; a real bargain; must
Bell this week on account of other business-
good place for man and wife. SOSK Howard.
A GOOD chance for a physician to buy cheap
« £t&ndard Static machine with motor X-
Ray outfit, electrodes and laboratory etc •
will eell at a sacrifice. Box 4744, Call offlce. '"
FOR »ale— Candy store and Icecream parlor-
good location: make offer. 230 Sixth Bt.
SNAP— Restaurant lady or Ktencieman; small
capital. Apply 8 Washington et.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
921 Howard st.: no acents.
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for sale.
Aflgress S. P. Call Agent Santa Cruz. CaL
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
rubsciiptions has been established at lost
Valencia «t • . - f
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch «f«t~» »200 Fillrnore gt.
LODGING-HOUSES- FOR, SALE.
*~~ ~ ~—
ATTENTION. "BUYERS!.
Ton may buy any rooming-house In
the city and pay for it
' In monthly payments
from the profits
. of the house. ¦ ¦ . •
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
WE have legitimate ¦ bargains In ¦ lodging-
houses, saloons, candy and notion stores; also
several restaurants and cigar propositions
which we can vouch, for. Call and get our
prices. FISHER & CO., 925 Market gt.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of -
G. W. SCHWERCHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. S17 Market st. (near Fifth st). •
LODGING JgQUSKS FOR 8^^^92^
H. C. DECKER •
1020 Market- st. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
100 rooming-houses. 10 to 600 rms, $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms, $100 to.. 20,000
40 flats. 3 to 12 rooms, $80"to....' 750
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms. $350 to 10,000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to 8,000
40 grocery stores, $400 to.: 6.000
20 candy Btdres, $300 to 6.000
40 saloons. $400 to...'... 6.000
10 cigar stores, $300 to 1.000
BOO other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
100 vacant lots. $25 to 8.000
75 houses and lots, everywhere. $600 to.. 50.000
6 chicken ranches. $400 to 1.700
60 ranches, everywhere. $300 to 14.000
...To Buy. Sell or Exchange Anything Call...
I can suit you. H. C DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.. /
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains;.
fcC r.; rent ?300; elegantly fur. hotel... $7000
•50 r.; cor.; best et. in Oakland; oak fur... 2800
20 r.; rent $C0; good -fur., carp, and loc... 9aO
Money loaned on deferred payments, VA P- c.
14 r.; rent $40; oak fur.; boarders 1000
11 r. ; rent $47%: hardwood fur.; reduced.. 550
• r.: rent $35: nice, clean; house full 300
6 r.; rent $25; water free; cost $500 225
Over 500 houses listed. ¦ Call before buying.
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency.
Everything thoroughly Investigated; a trial
McERIDE & CO ....1016 Market st
$150— LODGING-HOUSE 6 rooms; rent $16; a
bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
FREE tests to ladles every morning the bal-
ance of this month, every Wednesday and
Friday afternoon and evening; no circles
held; all tests private; no money accepted fo.'
tests; palmistry, clairvoyance and mediumis-
tlc talents developed in others under writ-
ten guarantee In. 90 days or no charge; It
costs not one cent to test my ability and
your talents; call to-day. FRANKLIN, 263
Geary st.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Fri., 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give r.ames: received medals from many eoun-
' tries; taken las=t world's record -medal Paris
Fair. 1084 Bush st.: tel. "2273 Larkin.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty; clr. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1C35 Market st. <no sign).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. H64 O'Farrell st: Ellis, car.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun.. Tuea.
and Thurs.. S p. m. ; every one gets a test: pri-
vate readings daily. '299 Hyde st, cor. Eddy.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Tues. £ Fri.,
8 p. m.; Wed.. 2:30 p._m. ; 10c; read, daily, 50c
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading; 50c. 100714 Market st.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis— Readings dally,
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
H. THOMPSON, slate writer. 603 California
St.; communications answered by mail; 25c.
FRIENDSHIP Hail. 3C5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Mi-vfr: yitting-g <H>llv: test to all to-nlght.l 0c'.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
simeT~mT^erxXrd1 ~~~ "
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third.it. next Examiner bldg. She
reads ycur life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you nre in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable p.dvice in all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located' at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gtae ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
.HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 12". Turk st; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE. ~ ~~
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life: elves
names. -facts, figures; gives luck: honest pre-
dictions In love affairs; reunites separated;
not one failure; letters answered. IIS Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with donble veil — setrond slfrht;
diagnoses dteease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; paim. and clair. sit. $1 SO. 12S Turk.
KNOW your fate — Mme/ Richards, astrological
palmist, reader of human destiny: never fails;
I5c. 50c. 5203 Mission st: phone Howard 2675. J
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy. . clairvoyant and I
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op. "
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. LAROFE. b»st clairvoyant, card reader.
German spoken; 25c up. 777"4 Market st, r. 18.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
Mrs.Mallory.cIairvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers, fail consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c 1538 Markt.
REMOVED to 15S3 Market. Mrs. Dr. Valeen,
clalrvoy.. palmist, life reader; sittings dally.
CLAIRVOYANT card-reader from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna st. near 4th. ;
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S1A Jessie St. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names glvpn: 2So up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Can>et-beat-
Ing Works. 333-3S7 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Et. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
BEATING, 3c; laying, 3c: renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works'"
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8lh st. : tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STP.AT-
TON. 3 Eighth st: t»lenhone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS. '
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails, werts; pain-
less cure: guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.StrassburpT fromN.Y.. specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y. ; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less succegsful. Rcom 310. 027 Market st. .
DENTISTS.
X^DJt T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market street
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809- Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates^our' specialty; gold 'crowns,
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE -W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A — NEW unbreakable .plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Fhelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH,815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less axtractloa&Oc; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.-
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4f crowns,. $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists.' 969 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. ::'
SET of teeth without plate. > DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DERMATOLOGISTS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis; facial massages with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush st
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handIes^air"iegTt~
imate detective business; djvorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building
rooms 323-324. San Francisco: tel. South 3S1/
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOJEELL" Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clas3 rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating;' country. orders prompt
. attention. 121 Pest, "over O'Connor & Moffatt.
- EDUCATIONAL. -
— '.j.'.:.j. -'..-. - IJ -.: J -.-. •^¦/^¦.¦.¦¦¦j.' -.-.-ir '
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR MEN. ;
A practical and Industrial education for men ;
Y. M. C. A. building; more. courses of study
than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts. ; opening night, Tuesday, . Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning ; September
Ir departments— Art,, business, ¦ , civil service,
elementary, '-engineering, high school, . - lan-
guages. . H. J.- McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.- -
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a,
complete business education;- shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F, Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-'
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
1 college*: - references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. - .
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, -113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. '
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
eltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; ths one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL' course of Ellis bookkeeDiner and the
JHELFV WAKTEI^FEMAJLE— -Conv _"
A HOTEL housekeeper; large hotel ; country;
¦ $40; steady place. C.*R. HANSEN & CO.,
! 104 Geary et. > ' , , - - - . . .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ; '
A hotel . housekeeper, references.....'. $25
Head waitress, -city $35
"Waitress, institution, country.. ........ ••—•$25
30 waitresses, . city and country.......... $20-$25
Chambermaid, country hotel, short dis-
tance ;. $20
Cock, hotel, north, see'party here ..$35
/FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
2 friends, or sisters, or mother and daughter
. can secure a Diace either at San Jose or
! Alameda; ; 2 working housekeepers, • country.
415; woman with a child, $15; cooks, house
, girls, second girls, nurse girls. ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ;..... .....104 Geary st
A HOUSEKEEPER: rooming-house; country:
' $25. • C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Gea,ry Bt.
MAN and wife aswalter and waitress; small
country hotel - :: .;-. ...... , .-. ..... ...... .....'. ..'..$40'
C. R. HANSEN & CO ........104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. rr..Phone Main 1575.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 more waitresses, Coronado Beach, $25, half-
rate fare; 15 waitresses, very best commer-
cial hotels, $20 and $25; 6 waitresses, city,
$20; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20.
...."...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT V
Second girl for country, $25; cook for, first-
class, city place, $30; ranch cook, $20, Irish
preferred; 2 second girls, $20; nurse, one
child, $20. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st / : .
LADIES wishing to employ respectable help
please call or address; all mall • orders
promptly attended to; respectable women and
young girls ' can secure good positions by
calling; wanted, by a lady, position as house-
keeper, best references; respectable German
lady wants position, eomnanion. nurse. Ap-
. HELP AVAJITED— MALE— Con, _¦__
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary- st.
Railroad work ..'.........: Railroad work
Free fare, ........ .. ..... Free • fare
....... ........ FOR TRUCKEE-
5 stonemasons ..'..;r.~;:.;T... '.. $3 to $4
10 mason's helpers"/ ; $2 to $2 23
100 laborers, ...; $175
>¦¦¦• FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters- .....; .......; '$2
100 laborers ..;..... ."".". $2
• '"¦ •¦ ¦ - FOR CHATS WORTH PARK ........
100 drillers and headers ...$2 25 to $2 50
100 muckers and laborers :...;. ..$2
••••••••" FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
50 laborers, section work ..........$175
Free fare ..;... Ship daily Free fare
¦2 carpenters for railroad work, $3 a day free
fare; blacksmith helper, railroad camp, $2 23
a day, free fare; 2 farmers, near city. $125
day; 60 -laborers for mine, $2 a day; black-
smith, country shop, $3 to $3 50
:\...;.".'...-.'. HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ..'...
Second cook and broiler, hotel, north, $75 and
$60 and fare advanced; camp cook for railroad
camp. $50 and free fare; baker, country shop.
$4o; . 3 broilers and fryers, $45 to $60; ¦ bar-
keeper for Arizona. $60; 10 waiters, city, $3
and $9 a week; 2 neat young men to. learn
waiting, country hotel. $25 and fare paid;
20 dishwashers, $30 and $25; all around
laundry man, country hotel, $33; 2 washers,
country, $30 and $35; butler and Indoor serv-
ant, private family. $30..
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st. ,
WANTED— A man of good address and ability
to sell to the merchants in San Francisco and
other cities . patent stone . door showcase and
is a frost preventer al,so; commission large;
, fine working model; fine display; photo. \V.
G. FLINT. San Jose, Cal. .
A THOUSAND men, sailors, stevedores, labor-
ers ; steady employment and good wage3 If
work is satisfactory. Annly Lumber Deal-
LOST : ASP:. FOUSJj-— Continued.^
LOST— White I bull terrier bitch; collar plate
with name Gypsy Queen and name of owner.
¦ Suitable reward for return to W. • C. LEAV-
ITT, 713 . Market st.
LOST— On Geary or Post sts.. between Polk
and Steiner, diamond; no setting. Reward 252
. Carl st. , ¦ -- -
LADY that f pund 2 diamond rings at Sutro
' Baths August 8. return to 915 Haight st.
and avoid trouble; no questions.
PARTY who picked up stickpin on car at Ninth
and Harrison sts., kindly return to JAS.
HALE, 37 Market st.
LOST— Mexican " sliver bracelet, watch and
chair., two gold rings without settings,. and a
memorandum book with unindorsed draft.
Return to 66 Second st and receive liberal
reward; confidential: no names. .
LOST— Yawl boat of the Jessie Fremont; paint-
ed green; 16 feet long; short splice in center
of painter. $5 reward will be paid on return
of same to HENRY PRIEN, Hathaway's
wharf. • N
LOST— Black setter dog, off San Rafael train,
near Escalles; tag 474; reward. 16 McAllister.
$10 REWARD for Rambler racing wheel taken
from Academy of Sciences hallway Tuesday
at 2 p. , m. Return to 819 Market St.. room 6.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
. gold to make new watch cases.
~\ "matrimokial. ' ¦ .
MARRIAGE" bu reau V estab7T887 : reliable &,co°-
fidgntlal: lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis at.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
. .,.. MO^EY ~ TO . iiQA-Jf—^;<mtimi«dL
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 948 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture,' pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room S8.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$23,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city op
country: see me • before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerac*;
. no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on aach
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery sc, r. i.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 41, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required". 3.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western' Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or Tu» oulldlng;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MOXEY WANTED.
A LADY would like to borrow a small amount
of money. Address box 4769, Call offlce.
LOAN wanted— $1000 wanted. For further In-
formation address box 4619. Call offlce.
Gregg shorthand costs only $50. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
SPANISH lessons by competent old Castilian
teacher. PROF. MAYA. 210 Eddy st. '
j MARY P(WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
- lessons. EOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teneher: violin.
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATIOX-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpsic Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writincr,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MISS R. ELMS, teacher of piano. 1S23 Devisa-
dero st; telephone Geary 4S1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese hefiPof all kinds;
• cooks, waiters and house servtints. GEO.
1 AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st: tel. Bush 516. .,
ORPHEUM Employment' Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE 'and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411U O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
RKLIABLE Japanese-Chinese Emplovment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT*. WANTED — FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day:
washing, ironing, sweeping, dressmaking or
any kind of work; $150 per day. Call or ad-
dress 148 Sixth St.. room 22.
GIRL wishes 'a position to do general house-
work with a small American family. Please
call at 3120 California st. after 12; wages $20
to $25. »" " '
YOUNG lady wishes situation in first-class pri-
vate family: Is good seamstress: also assist
as lady' maid. Apply at 1057 Sacramento . st.
EXPERIENCED lady wishes position in candy
or crockery store. 1530 Folsom st. ¦ •
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing, sweeping, dressmaking or
any kind of work; $1 50 per day. Call or ad-
dress 14S Sixth st, room 22,
PLAIN sewing done; reasonable. 501 Leaven-
worth St., room 8.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.»near Mar-
kig-200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
' and baggage to and from ferry. V
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE. I
A MIDDLE-AGED educated man wants slt'ua-
tlon Jn private family or hotel to care for
garden, maks beds and assist at general
housework. Box 4771, Call offlce.
POSITION wanted in wholesale house by man
good penman, quick at figures, some experi-
ence In shipping, billing and receiving; "SO
years. Box 4748. Call office. ..•
POSITION wanted— Experienced prescription
clerk; 10 years in business; no objection to
country. Box 4749, Call offlce.
SITUATION by a sober young German; 8
years' experience ascellarman: able to make
wine and whisky: like to have any position
in this or other trade. L. W.. box 135, Call.
STEWARD wants position; hotel or restau-
rant; city or country. Box 4757. Call offlce.
WILLING man wishes situation in a wholesale
or retail liquor i store; understands rectifying
¦a little; good references. Box 4741, Call offlce.
INTERPRETER in Japanese. French and Eng-
lish would like permanent position in Police
Court, law offlce or store. PAUL B. DITH-
LEFSEN. box 4723. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED Japanese cook and baker
wants situation: hotel, boarding-house or pri-
vate family: first-class in every respect Ad-
dress E. MORIMOTO. 923 Sacramento st.
ply HARBRIDGE & CO.. 323 Kearny st.
! WANTED— Several young women between 20
and 40 years of age to act as tally clerks In
manufacturing plants. Apply between 10 and
12 a. m. and 2 and 4 p. m., at room 602, Hearst
building, to-day (Saturday). ,
"WANTED . immediately, women and girls - to
work on fruit; steady work; highest— wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 425 Bran-
nan "st. ' . ,
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit;' steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.. 425 Brannan st ,
WOMEN nnd^girls to work on fruit: both
piece and day work: steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.-
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California ¦¦Fruit Canners'
¦Association, corner Seventh and' Berry sts.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
choking: four in family: German or Protest-
Jint preferred. 2225 Pacific ave.
TAILORESS wanted: first-class on fine coats.
IIP Kearny st., room 29.
EXPERIENCED onerators on gents' white
shirts. 5:5 Valencia st.
WANTED— A woman for general housework.
Apply 579.HarrI?cn st. '
I NTJRSEGIRL; sleep home; references. • 234 San
¦ Jose ave., near Twenty-flfth st.
I ;
j GIRL In candy store. 435 Larkin street.
. GIRL to assist in a small private boarding
house; no cookinB. 874 Eddy st
NEAT young girl for general housework; 2 in
family. Apply personally, 17S6 Sutter st.
j TOUNG Rlrl for light housework; sleep home.
j 3S25 Twenty-third st.
) WANTED— A middle-aged woman . to wait on
j sick lady; wages $5_a week. 320^4 Sutter st.
; GIRL about 16 to assist In general housework;
small family. 6 Willow ave., near Larkin st.
Experienced operators, also learners; paid while
j laarnlns; on' muslin underwear. G. W. Rey-
nolds. £97 Mission, cor, 2d.
WANTED— An experienced saleslady for fancy
dry goods house ; must speak Spanish. A. L.
M.. box 4705, Call.
GIRL for general housework: references. 1724
Turk st.. between 9 and 12.
WAIST hands for dressmaklnc: also appren-
tices; paid while learning. 121 Post, rm. 49.-
A NEAT (tirl wanted for bakery: experienced
preferred. Teptonia Bakerj-. 108 Ninth st.
! EXPERIENCED bookfolders:also an apprentice
j wanted; steady work. Bookblndery, 536 Clay.
LADY to Assist In light housework; good
h<5me. Call after. 2 p. m., 116 Taylor st. .•, •
GIRL to work on panls;"steady work. 110 Wil-
liam st.. oft Geary, near Taylor. R
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls. HET-
NEMANN & CO., 410 Mission St.
WANTED— A tailoress at 1426 Polk st.
YOUNG lady wanted for shooting gallery. Call
at 623 Pacific st
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom st. ;'\ ..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096'Va-
lencla st. - ¦ ..-
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S4S
' • Leading Employment, and Labor Agents.
...". Offlce open '7 a. m. to-day
ers Association. ¦ 2C9 Examiner building. •
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale; corner
Greenwich and Baker sts.,1 .near Presidio;
good location: good trade; reason, going
East; price $23. Inquire at shop.
WANTED — Experienced ' men's furnishing
goods . salesman; state age. experience and
salary expected. Apply box 4750. Call offlce.
"WANTED— Good man in planing mill to saw
out for sticker and run planer; steady job.
- Address box 4759, Call office. ¦
"WOODWORKING machine hands, non-union:
no office fees. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
_ reau, 410 Kearny st, rcom 24. - •
GOOD union barber wanted Saturday and
Sunday. 1759 Union st. -
WANTED — Upholsterer and carpet layer;
steady v/ork. 2408 California st, nr. Fillmore.
WANTED— Good industrial man for debit.
Apply after 9. 17 Donohoe building. .
BOY of 16 to work in grocery store at 2101
Golden Gate ave.'
PORTER for barber shop. 6 Market st; $9 per
¦week.
COOK and also a dishwasher at 13 Powell st.
A. YOUNG man to help along in cake bakery;
has to have experience. 911'/3 Larkin st.
ALL sizes- men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
THE RISDON Iron "Works. San Francisco, will
take as apprentices at the trades of machin-
ist, patternmaker and boilermaker. a limited
number of young men between the ages of 17
and IS years: strong and able-bodied: good
references. Apply at offlce. Beale and How-
ard sts.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal. ; apply on
work; steady work. good, board and best
wages In State. San Francisco* Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st. roo'm 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. ' '. .
MEN to learn barber trade; positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
- tools donated: .wages while learning: 'more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied:
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE,
635 Clay st. . ¦
¦WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and '35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting,
offlce, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
CHANCE for right man to "nake from JIO to
$15 per day taking orders for portraits and
foto jewelry In country town. Call 9 Leav-
enworth st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs. Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.. ¦
"WANTED — Two good insurance men for flrst-
class deblsts. Apply W. H. FRY. room 6, 405
Montgomery st, from 8-9 a.* m. an<$ 5-6 p. m.
"WANTED — Strong young: man to work In
whole3ale house; give age and wages expected.
Box 4765, Call offlce. . . . .
WANTED— Experienced furniture packer; state
age, weight and wages expected. Box 4766,
Call offlce. ' -.»— « . .
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post' No. 2,
G. A. jl.. room 40, Phelan Mdg., 806 Market.
"WANTED — Man to carry advertising sign on
street; elderly man preferred. 342 Kearny st.
TWO first-class cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market st.
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 59 Colum-
bian building.
ICO QUARRYMEN wanted. Apply 232 Mont-
gomery st. .
GET your shoes half-soled while waitimr: 25-3
to 5Cc. 563 Mission St.. bet. . 1st and 2d sts.
Btery; ai carpet cleaning; n«jne=*». **w*«v *;»*«»*-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st:
tfl. Bush 421. ¦
MEDICAL. "'
A— DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the renowned spe-
cialist My medicines have been used for
many years by thousands; the unfortunate
helped; relief in all cases taken; the most
obstinate cases have been relieved by my
treatments; free confidential advice on all
subjects of a delicate nature; all classes of
female complaints treated; relief to the long-
est cases. DR. -G. .W. O'DONNELL. 1018
Market st., opp. Fifth; no branches.
RKTUR'NED
MRS. HAVIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
tho el.1 number. 122S Market st.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market st.. corner Sixth: entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist: a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DR. DAVIES'
original method of treatment: maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market, S. F.
MSS. D^-KOHL removed from Market to 410
O'Farrell St.. between Taylcr and Jones.
THE WYETH Maternity Home removed from
Pest to 410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor.
MI.YKS A.NJL* illMSG.T
BIG strike— The Buckeye Placer Mining Co.
have struck $20 to the pan; will sell smail In-
terest for better facilities. See W. C. SHEP-
ARD. 202 Parrott building, fifth floor.
WILL sell 3C0O to 5000 shares Montezuma min-
Ing stock 15c per share, cash. Box 4762. CalL
MISCELLANEOUS- — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
_ INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st
FOR .THE HOME. ~~ —
These goods sold for '•ash only: free delivery
in town, at vessel or across the bay.
Smiths' Cash Store. 25-27 Market st. S. F.
Pillows, standard size, good.: 50c, 65c, $1.00
Folding cot, genuine gold medal, best.... 3.00
Folding cots, high grade, to carry 1.75
Best army cots, rapid seller.. „ 2.00
Cross-legged canva3 cots 1.10
Wire -mattress cots, very convenient 2.50
Camp chairs (steamer chairs)..' 1.00'
Camp chairs (steamer use), with arms 1.23
Common kitchen work tabl?s $1.25, 1.50
Perfection table with drawbrs. Improved. 3.25
Extension table, patent. 6- ft drop leaves. 5.00
Lace curtains, standard size, pair 50c
Lace curtains, larger size, good. 1.00
Bedspreads, white, large size, special 1.00
Comforts, cotton filled, standard size. .73c, L00
Comforts, fine material white cotton. Si. 25, 1.50
Blankets, gray cr white, pair 75c, 1.00
Blankets, heavier and larger. 11 qr.. $1.23. .1.73
Blankets, gray Cal. wool, heavy $3.50,4.50
Mcsquito bar, all colors, piece 50c
Scrim, wide ecru, per 'yard 5c. Sc
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
.-saloon outfits on, hand; 32 complete outfit3 on
one" floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1317, 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor. 3 sizes. 5, IP, 20 stamp milfs;
SO mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardine, 220 Fremont.
A — BUYS, sells* or rents gear.- machinery, en-
gines, boilers,- water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 253-235' Spear st.
FOR sale— First-claps ticket to Los Angeles;
for gentleman. Call between 9 and 12 o'clock
331 Kearny St., room 43. '
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick' and firewood: lowest. prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market -st.
ONE set Fairbanks-Morse platform scales; ca-
MUSICAL INSTRU3IENTS..
A FEW Excellent Bargains in Used Pianos:
A Raven & Bacon, square $25
A Mozart, square 5 f >
A Symphony, square 75
An Emerson, square 1<»
A Weber, square 11."
-A Richmond, upright, oak 175
A Radle. mahogany 2flOT
. A Spielmann 2T,
. A Hamilton 250
A Gabler 3n>>
A Byron Mauzy 35)
A Eohmer 4"»'>
A Stelnway Concert Grand 43>
A Sohmer Concert Grand 500
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO may be exchanged for a new Stein way
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $3 per
month ; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 *ni
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sfc*., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO..
933 Market st, S. F. ; 951 Broadway. Oakland.
* A' magnificent stock qC piano* and organs!
Bis discount this week.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Hallet-Davls: great bar-
gain list. $30 up; Stelnway. $133 up: Fischer.
$100; Chickering. $165; 20. others, rents $3 up:
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlmo
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
prlee; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
st: established 1850.
A LIST of fine second-hand pianos — 1 Emer-
son - 1 Hallett & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. t
Sterling. $75. $125. $143. etc.; ea3y payments.
BENJ CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chickering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
AN upright for $75, $100. $150, $200 If you want:
Deckers for $430. $500. $550. with 20 per cent
discount if you buy this month. What more
do you want? Cash or payments. The Zeno
Mauvals Music Co.. 769 Market st.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make: a sacrifice. HORNUNG'S. 218 McAl-
llster st. '_ -
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 Installments: no reserve.
WILjSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Marketr-
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
CALLEI> away: forced to sacrifice: large 3-
j pedal upright piano. 316 Turk st.. near Hyde.
$73 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' 3
piano Factory. Market. 14th and Churcn sts.
LEFT on sale. S95 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENX. 2C8 Post st.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayea.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLEE. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ST"iv\vat. $2C0: Hartman, $100; elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
AlHster st. _^^^^^^^^
OIL.
WILL exchange 2CC0 or 3000 shares In a flrst-
class producing oil company for city lots or
aoythlng good and tangible. Box 4783. Call.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order: all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
JAPANESE, a young boy, wants position .to
do general housework afternodns. PIea=e
call at 534 Geary st. •
CHINESE wants a position doing washing,
cooking and housework; wages $6 week. Ad-
dress 738 Jackson st
CLA SI?1 I**I I£TD n(2 vf?r"tisprnent s j-m^l fiutoscr'ptionis
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmare st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement* and
Fuhscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Vnlf-ncin st.
FE ATIIER S RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses eteamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia -.tel.Capp 26S7.
FINANCIAL. ~
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. Mnc.)-^We
have 42 of flees in operation; new method of
• placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
. or address. main offlce, S07-8-9 Parrott bldg. -
FLATS TO LET.
STANYAN, 1130.- three blocks from Golden Gate
¦Park— Haight or Ellis cars; Just finished, 3
modern flats, 6 and 7 rooms, $20 to $28; will
sell at a bargain; easy terms; key at build-
Ing. . - .... '
COLE, 769-771, bet. Beulah and' Frederick stF.—
Fins rew sunny " flats, 7 rooms and bath;,
rent reasonable. •>¦.-> *.\
TO let — Elegant modern flat ¦ of 8 rooms and
bath. 726 Shrader St., one block from the
Park; rent $32 50. . : >
HANDSOMELY furnished flat desirable part
California Bt. Box 4752, Call offlce. /
SUNNY corner fiat of 8 rooms; rent $TO. 159S
, Fulton st, corner Lyons. •.
EDDY, 933— Upper flat. 4 sunny rooms: bath;
stairs carpeted; no children;. fine location.
NEW, elegant modern flat to let: 7 rooms and
bath. 984 Pine St., near Taylor, i
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flats, 6 rooms, bath,
yard, basement; reasonable to good tenants.
FLATS FOR. SALE — FURNISHED.
DESIRABLE furnished flat of 6 rooms and
bath. 2418 Clay St., near Fillmore.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market..
FURNITURE of 7-room flat for sale; reason-
able. Apply 1150 Mission st. . > '.
FURNITURE - WANTED.
CAL Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.;
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, . 3 Golden . Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
BEFORE selling your furinture.% see Abram's
Auction House, 1105 Mission. "Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 7£1 .before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc' CHAS. • LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture;. tel. Red. 1354.
GLOVEST " -.'. -: i;
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed v at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair.- 121 Grant ave. ;
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, 2 in family, San Jose, $30,
see party, at 11 o'clock; .4 - cooks, ¦ German
style, no washing, $30, - $35; -¦ 4 second .girls,
city, $20, ' $25; 3 restaurant waitresses,' $6,' $S
week; housekeeper, • country, $20, fare .here; 4
cooks, country,: $30; laundress, $30; hotel
- laundress, $25; chambermaid and wattress,
¦ city and country hotels, $20, $25; 60 girls for
housework, city and country, - $20, '¦ $25, . " $30.
Apply to J.' F. CROSETT& CO., 316 Slitter.
A GIRL for cooking and housework; small
family: wages $20. Inquire ,321 Kearny Bt.,"
or . 24 Beulah. . ... iSssS 1 ***:
VVU A.. *». *!*-..» ..UI.IVM * i ItC ld(C
..:. c. n. w. ry...
UKIAH
.*..... SANTA FE
50 teamsters. Ukiah. $2 day Free Fare
JiO laborers, Ukiah, $2^day.. Free Fare
We ship to-day to Uklah....;. Fr.ee Fare
Santa Fe R. R ;... Free Fare
1G0 laborers, all dlv. Santa Fe system: section,
floating gangs, etc., $1 75 day Free Fare
Free Fare : Ship -To-day
50 track, right of way and ax men. Uklah....
Free Fare Free Fare
SANTA FE R.. R .....STOCKTON DIV.
50 laborers for Stockton and vicinity, on
Santa Fe system '..Free Fare
WE SHIP TO-DAY. FREE FARE
Foreman for. a grading camp.... $3 50 day
2 warehouse men for a ranch $40 and found
Carriage painter", country shop, $52 arid found;
ranch blacksmith, $10 and found; raftsman,
$3 to $4 day; wheelwright, country shop. $2 SO
day; 5 blacksmiths and helpers, $2 50, $00
-' ' and $52
2 young men, machine shop.... $150 day
5 laborers, surface work, . new mine, $3 fare,
' $60; 2u7 laborers, different mines, quarries,
etc.. $2 50 and $2 day. $60 and $42 and found:
27 teamsters, country. $37 50 and found, $2 and
$2 25 day; 10 muckers. $75; '5 laborers for a
new "smelter, $60; 5 drillers, $67 50; 10 grain
- warehouse men, $3 day.. ........;..
4 woodchoppers for a mine $1 75 cord
Man to stack cord wood $36 and found
Married choreman. no objection to children.
' $52 f.0; milk wagon driver ....$30
15 men and boys to pick:fruits ..$30
Gardener, private place, $25; .15. farm hands,
steady jobs. $30 and found; stable men, $30;
i 5 ranch teamsters, $30 :
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS
3 bakers and second hands, $50, $35 and $25
and found; head waiter, country, $40; dish-
washer for officers' mess, $20; 27 cooks . and
waiters, city and country; bell and elevator
boys, etc :
MURRAY & READY.. ...... ....634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
.59 Third, near Call bldg. : phone " Bush 465.
.-. Railroad Laborers
Uklah Uklah
FREE FARE
60 R. R. laborers, Uklah. ........... .$2 per day
50 axmen and teamsters...... ..$2 per day
60 section hands, Santa Fe's own work
SO R. R. laborers. $175 to $2 50 per day
10 tunnelmen S3 per day
10 rock laborers '....'. $2 50 per day
Man and wife, private place,. $50 per month
I and found „. r
Bakers, country, $40 and found.'.
i Camp waiter, $20 per month .................
COOK and wife, country hotel, $63; cook, coun-
1 try hotel, $50, part fare advanced; hotel cook,
< $45; 3 waiters, country. hotels, $30 and $35;' 2
. cooks for boarding houses, $30 and $40; pot
washers, dishwashers, porters and others. J.
: F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. '
FARMER ; and wife, $80; 2. laundrymen and
wives, $50 to $60 and found; German man and
: wife, private family," $40 and $45; farmer
, : and wife,, small ranch, $35; butter .and cheese
•^ maker and wife, $45; gardener.". $30; :! sheep
'•'herder, $25 to $30; farmers,' $25 and $30: Amer-
ican or Irish milker. -$35; laborers, $3 .to $5
day; teamsters and others. J. F. CROSETT
'„& CO.. C2S Sacramento st. ¦ .';¦"-
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
- —Porter, white or colored, $25, -country; bell
; boys, $15.' ; \ > ¦ , , - • . >
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
.Free employment. 927 Market st, room. 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. V*-..-
SPECIAL meeting. Monday, Aug. 19, 1901 —
Journeymen Barbers' i International Union, - 32
O'Farrell st." ; A. S. >WRAY, • president. ' L
. LESS. Secretary. ' • , -
BARBERS' •• CERTIFICATES— Adeline - Cope-
land, Notary Public, will Issue affidavits and
obtain • certificates " for .barbers ¦ at room 28,
Crocker . building, from 9a. m. to 5 p. m.
daily during the. absence of. the State Board
..of Barber Examiners. .. ,.
.WANTED— Young man who Is ' an i experienced
delivery ' wrapper. ..Apply at HALE, BROS.,
between 8 and 11 a.- m. . r .. ¦'
WANTED— Cash boys, 14 years of age and over.
Apply HALE BROS.. Mnc.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
-; kitchen help; good pay; no fee.". 127 Mason at.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
Folsom st. ' '
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Bt.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st
McDONALD & PERRY have 5C0 pairs second
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. .241 Third st.
WANTED— SO men to room. New Cambridge,
543 Howard st. ; . 10c, 15c and 20c per night
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12S Ellis st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket. — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms: free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
fubscrlptlons ..has been:, established at - 1036
Valpnrln s*t. • ¦ ' «
HOHSES'ASD WAGO'S.
40 HORSES for sale; also wacons, buggies,
carte harn»3S. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
. 327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CHEAP— Two good work horses; medium size.
WM. TAAFFE & CO., Fifth and Railroad
aves., Butchertown.
A BARGAIN — Express wagron. horse and har-
ness, complete. 1439 Harrison st. .
A PARGAIN In rood carriage, saddle, business
. and road horses. ' DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
- Co.: he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth St.-
40 HEAD of -work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. /.721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons., buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN, & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for gale, cheap. 532 Mission.
. . - HOSPITALS.
MENTAL . and nervous diseases— A few select
car.es. will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarlum. 230 -Douglass St.. San Francisco.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PmN^n^TTlsrho^js^^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FOR RENT— Large apartment, 723 Sutter, suit-
able for professional offices or general busi-
ness ; arranged to suit tenants. Apply to
ALMARIN B. PAUL, 27 Crocker building.
LOCUST ave.. 624. between Golden . Gate ave.
and McAllister st, near Laguna— 5 rooms,
bath, basement. $16 50. ; -
HOUSES TO LET— FUKMSHED.
i TO LET— Completely ' well furnished house of
9 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which are
rented, ¦ paying more than half the rent Ap-
ply at 79 South Park. " • .
WILLIAMS, 117, near Post— Flat of .4 rooms
'and. bath." Apply 729 Ellis fit/ ".- -
: ' HOUSES WASTED.
WELL and " completely furnished - house of 10
or.. 12 rooms .by adult of four; north
of California st.;' west of Van Ness ave. Box
. " 4760, Call offlce.
! WANTED— Young married couple wish to rent
i small furnished flat, .. six months or year;
:• must be modern. Box 4773. Call offlce.
;¦ . .' LOST AND . FOUND.
LOST— A young white bull terrier; answers to
: : ¦ name - Danny Dever. -¦ Reward : $5 will be paid
' for return to 2100 -, Washington, cor. Octavia.
¦LOST— English setter "¦ pup; tag No. 1236. $3
• reward if delivered ,to 723 Fillmore st ¦..„....
- LOST— Pass - book containing checks: liberal
• ; reward. Return to ED FEIL, 2500 Clay st.
pacity 80.000 pounds. Inquire at office Risdon
Iron Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters.- 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
2ND-HAND COUPE for sale cheap: good con-
dition. Hambletonian stables. 36 Hawthorne.
130 TOULOUSE geese, old and' young. Ad-
dress. A. L.. box 95, San Mateo, Cal.
ONE dozen new wheelbarrows for sale cheap
at 4037 Eighteenth st.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns, $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
NEW $70 White, drop head, oak sewing ma-
chine cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
TWO gasoline engines for sale, cheap: 1 4-horse
- p. Colie. 1 2'/4-h. p. Hercules ; at 908 Kearny st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry; cash or Install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29,
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission st. , '.•_;¦ -- -<.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. EURKE, 139 Beale St.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel-
lined saf«\ perfect- order. tl6 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 -Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154. 9th st.: tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY ,TO LOAN.
ajP^aSatta^u^an' companyT , :
$300. COO at 6 per cent In sums to suit City and
Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
, real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above* securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker. bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real entate In probate....
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
.......... 24 Montgomery st, room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
So.OOO.OCO at 6% or less in ' large sums: loans
• on second mortgages. • estates, etc.: financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
. erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. S03 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent ; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle bullding.-<HALLORAN & OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
; pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market' tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant "ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603..
Advances ltfe insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank book*
In liquidation bought. Apply. 330 Montgomery.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages & on furnl-
. ture' or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates. on furniture. ¦ etc., by private
party: no removal; no commission: conflden-
, tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bid?., 301 Jones.
PERSONALS.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
cn DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st. and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy Is
positively guarantied; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
$17 50 — SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror. .
$1— Solid oak chair: factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 132S.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light in every room— 'Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; {1 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 "WEEKLY — Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. 515 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. S2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
FACE massage. 50c; a new and scientific treat-
ment: done at 121 Mason st^ F. A. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 23c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natirral color; II: at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et.
TAILOR-MADE suits. J7 50; dress pants. J2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stone*
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGKONS.
DR. C. cTb' DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
. 1021V4 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. "WONG HIM, herb doctor. . successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: se«
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: sanitarium.
7&1-766 Clay st. : see testimonials at offlce.
PLANING AXP_ TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont »t.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A CHOICE sunny northwest corner; Just the
lot to build flats on; size 37:8 by 110: only
$3730: cable cars pass; stone pavement; basait
blocks; street accepted; 5 sunny flat3 can b»
built; the cheapest lot in Western Addition;
& fine purchase for good Income surrounded
with desirable homes. W. J. GVJNN, 530
California st. ' ¦ *...- d '• ¦¦:
CHOICE lots, fine location for flats,' on the
north or sunny side of Union st... between
Pierce and Scott; on the, slope of the hill:
elevated ground;, marine view; stone pave-
ment, basalt blocks and sewered; garden
loam on lots ready for building; nice sur-
roundings; fine homes; the flats will rent
.before the buildings are finished; be sure
to see these lots: the cheapest in the West-
ern Addition: only four left; 23 by 110 each;
cable cars pass; really they are worth double
the price asked. W. J. GUNN. 530 California.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and in
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and:
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUNN. 530 California st, S. F. Sav-
ings Union* bulklin™.
ELEGANT home: sacrificed at half original
cost; 11 sunny rooms, bath, attic, basement
with furnace; all In fine order; lot 80x114;
large garden; magnificent view;, part cash,
balance mortgage, or exchange for income city
improvements. Owner, 503 California, room 30..
SIX, seven and eight room cottages; also two
flat houses in block between 17th. 13th, Castro
and Noe sts.: % cash, balance monthly pay-
' ments; Castro or Guerrero-st- cars. F. NEL-
SON, builder. , ¦; ¦ ... .
$1250— HOUSE of 4 rooms and bath: 4 block*
*outh of Park; see owner on place. l»il
Tenth ave.. Sunset District.LACE D0W2ONG WINS
FBOM WARREN ZTJBBBICK
to the Man. From. San
¦;.i -• Jose.
Match Bicycle Race at Buffalo Goes
BUFFALO, Aug. 16.— Lace Downing of
San Jose won a match race from "Warren
Zurbrick of Buffalo and George M. Holley
of Bradford, Pa., won the nve^ mile motor
bicycle championship in to-day's Interna
tional grand circuit meet of the National
Cycling Association at the Pan-American
Stadium. -
Downing won the first heat easily. The
second quarter was closer, many of the
spectators believing, that It had resulted
In a dead heat. The judges caught Zur
brick's wheel first, however, and decided
the heat- In his favor. Downing won the
tnira ana deciding quarter by a wheel's
length. •
Ten mile national championship, professional
trial heats of five mllea. first six of each heat
to qualify for final at. ten miles to-morrow:
First heat— Frank L,. Kramer won. John L.
Fisher second, J'. A. McFarland, San Jose,
third; J. A. Newhouse fourth, Iver Lawson
fifth. Jed Newkirk sixth. Time, 12:17. . '
Second h£at— Major Taylor won. "W. S. Fcnn
second. Tom Cooper third. "W. A. Bardgett
fourth. Otto Maya fifth, Nat Butler sixth.
Time, 11:28 3-5.
Amateur match race, quarter mile heats,
best two in three— Lace Downing, San Jose:
Warren Zurbrick. Buffalo:
First heat — Downing won. ¦ Time, :19 3-5.
Second" heat — Zurbrick won. Time, ¦ :43 4-5.
Final heat— Downing won. . Time, :44.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Eighth-Page.
CARBONDALE, 111., Aug. 16.— Among
the 400 American teachers who sailed on
the\ transport . Thoma3 from San Fran
cisco to Manila sixty of them' on reach-
Ing Honolulu -were married.
The teachers had been chosen from the
many normal schools of the country and
were all strangers to each other. Their
acquaintanceship and courtship extended
over a period of less than ten days. The
captain of the Thomas refused to permit
their wedding while en route, and the
thirty pairs, upon the arrival of the
transport . at Honolulu, sought out a
clergyman and were all married.
A boat was chartered and the thirty
pairs made a tour of the bay. The In
formation reached this city from one of
tfte men who was appointed from, thia
Aspirants for Luzon Schools
..Begin 'Wedded' Life
Hurriedly.
Sixty Men and Women
Betrothed on Way
to Hawaii
CUPID TETHERS
THE TEACHERS
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter is stiU dearer. Eggs and Cheese ar«
unchanged.
The Poultry market Is well supplied and
prices are comparatively- low. There Is no
change in Meats.
"While there is plenty of fruit* on the mar
ket, good sound .fruit continues scarce. Most
of the Pears are wormy and most of the-
Peaches soft, the reason being that the canners
and Eastern shippers have taken most of the
choice fruit in the State. Melons and Grapes
are good, and Plums are up to their usual
standard.
The Vegetable market continues well fumish-
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $— H012 W|Southfi3ld
Wellington .. — @ll OOl Wellington $ —^Sll C9
Seattle 9 00® ICoos Say.... @ 7 SO
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Bu «er, choice, sq.50@55 Ranch Eggs, per v
Do, good 40f« dozen 23(330
Cheese, Cal 12@ 15 Honey Comb.\ per
Cheese, Eastern. ..17@2O pound .V 13020
Cheese. Swiss 20®33 'Do. extracted... 8®10
Common Eggs..,.17(g20
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@60 Turkeys. Der lb..lo#20
Young Roosters. Ducks, each 40@5O
** cn - 50@73 Geese, each... II 25®l" 50
Old Roosters, ea. .40^50 Pigeons, pair 40©E0
Fryers, each 40@50 Rabbits, pair 400—
Broilers, each 25@35 Hare, each — ®20
Meats, per pound-
Bacon 1S@1S Round Steak 10@—
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak 12H<«§—
Do, good 10(9 — Tenderloin do 15<§ —
Corned. Beef 10@— Porterhouse do..l7H«20
Ham 1501V Smoked Beef 20<$—
Lard — @15 Pork, salt 10@12U
Mutton — @u Pork Chops 15@1§
J-amb 12@— Pork Sausages.. 12Vj@15
Pork, fresh 15<S>— Veal 12@—
Fruits and Nuts-
Alligator Pears. Lemons, doa 20<§3O
per dozen $3@5 Nectarines 5@ S
Apricots, per lb... 8<B — Nutmeg- Melon..
Almonds 15@20 each 5®—
Apples 4@ 6 Peaches, per lb... 4® g
Bananas, doz ....16@23 Pears, lb 3® 8
Blackberries, wdr.30^40 Plums, lb 4@ 9
Cantaloupes. each.lO@15 Pineapples. each..25«g35
Crab Apples 4@ 6 Raspberries. dwr.4O®5©
Figs, per lb 13®20 Raisins, per lb.... 5@1S
Grapes, per lb.... 6@10 Strawberries, per
Oranges, doz 25^50 drawer 23®4O
Limes, per doz U@15 Walnuts, per lb..l5#2O
Losan Berries, Watermelons. ea..l5@40
___ per drawer 40(^50
"" Vegetables-
Asparagus, per lb 8@lo Leeks, doz hnchs.lSOM
Artichokes. doz...2S<@50 Okra. Kreen. lb. -.10020
Beets, doz 10©— Green Peppers, lb. 5© I
Beans, white, lb.. 6@ — Potatoes, per lb..2H#
Colored, per lb.. 5®— Sweet Potatoes, lb a'® •
Dried Lima, lb.. 6^> 8 Parsnips, per d3..10<j^—
Green Lima. lb.l0@— Radishes, dz bch.lo<&20
Cabbage,' each.,.. 5<a — Sage, doz bnchs . . 23(g"39
Cauliflowers, each 5® — String Beans, lb.. 4© ¦>
Celery, head 5® — Summer Squash,
Cress, doz bnchs..l5@3Q per pound 4® S
Cucumbers, doz... 10*515 Sprouts, per lb... S@—
Egg Plant, lb 5® 8 Spinach, -per lb... 5S—
Green Peas. lb.... 3@ 6 Thyme, doz bcbs.25@30
Green Corn. doz..lO<@20 Turnips. Der doz..l0@>—
Lettuce, per doz..l5@20 Tomatoes, per lb. 4® C
Onions, per lb.... 1@ 3
Fish-
Baracuda 12%@— Striped Bass 15©M
Carp — @— Sea Bass 15@—
Catfish 10® — Smelts 12V4^—
Codfish 12@15 Soles 8@10
Flounders 8S10 Skates, each 8@19
Halibut 12%@15 Squid ..Nona
Herring ......••••. — ®— Tomcod -••••••••. ...10<ffl—
Mackerel ". 15@ — Turbot .15030
Do, horse 10® — Trout ZOtjIzS
Perch ~%~ Whlteflsh 10®—'
Pompino 70@75 Clams, gallon 50#—
Rockcod 15@ — Do. hardshell, lb 8010
Rockflsh 13® — Crabs, each.. 15020
Salmon, fresh... 10@12^4 Crawfish rzy>fb—
Do. smoked 13@4-.> Mussels, quart 5<S1O
Shrimps — @— Oyste/s, Cal, 1OO..4O05O
Shad ." 6# 8 Do, Eastern. dz.25@4O
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1870 1900 Sav '& Loan. . . — ' '— . .^
Humboldt .... — ; — Security ns —
Mutual Sav.... 62 . Union Trust..l600 —
San Francisco. 520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 ,O6L& H.... 40 -
Geary — 50 iPresldio — 40
Market 78 7SU !
- . POWDER.
Giant 75% 76Vi|VIgorit — 3%
V : 'iY '¦¦"¦¦f"" SUGAR
Hana 1 6% 6% Kilauea 12% —
Hawaiian .71.. — . 61 Makawell 27 29
Honokaa 14% — Onomea. 24 —
Hutchinson ... 13^ Paauhau 14% —
i''; r^,"'/' MISCELLANEOUS. ¦ ' f:
Alaska Pack.!l28^129?i I Oceanic S Co.. 45% 47
Cal Fruit Can. 95 97% Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. — 100 Pac C Borax. .165 —
Mer Ex 110 — JPar Paint 16 —
Morninc Session.
230 Hutchinson S P-Co... , 13 BO
15 Hutchinson S P Co 13 37%
125 Hutchinson S P Co 13 25
75 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 12 50
75 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 12 00
50 Kilauea Suear Plantation Co '. 12 25
$1,000 Oakland . Watef 63 102 50
200 Paauhau S P Co 15 00
$1,000 S F & S J V bonds.. ...121 50
120 S F Gaa & Electric Co... 40 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 25
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 00
150 S F Gas & Electric Co , 8» 75
70 Spring Valley Water 84 50-
Street—
$10,000 Park and Cliff House 6s bonds.. ..110 00
-!•''• Afternoon Session.
Board —
, 25 Contra Costa Water 76 00
200 Honokaa 15 00
450 Hutchinson S P Co 13 25
5 Hutchinson S P Co 13 60
15 Kilauea Susar Plantation Co 12 75
$1,000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 102 50
200 Paauhau S P Co 15 00"
¦ 60 Pacific Gas Imp 87 50
5 S F Gaa & Electric Co 39 62H
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 39 37%
$5,000 N P r c R R 6s bonds 106 25
$58,000 SPofC 6s bonds (1912) ..121 50
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
. _____
Morning Session. -
Board— . ¦ •¦*¦;,
100 Junction 19
300 Monte Crlato 2 00
20 Peerless, b 90.. 6 37%
Street—
500 Toltec T. B0
C'v'..;. ; )- Afternoon Session. •
Board—
500 California-Standard 22
100 Giant : 28
100 Junction, b 10 \ 20
100 Monte Cristo 2 05
100 Sovereign. ..- 29
100 Sterling 1 30
2000 West Lak© 03
'' MINING STOCKS.
The folloTrtngr were- the sales to the Saa
Francisco Stock and . Exchange Board - yester
day: :'•--. .'¦'
Morning' 'Session.
200 Challenge 32 400 Ophlr SI
200 Con Cal & Va..l 90 200 Tellow Jacket.. 32
100 Con Cal & Va.'.l 95 300 Tellow Jacket.. 31
100 Ophlr S2
Afternoon Session.
1300 Con Cal & Va..l 91 600 Overman 09
600 Ophlr 82 1000 Potosl OS
: 560 Ophir ........... 81
The following were the sales in the Pacific'
Stock Exchange yesterday:
. . Morning Session.
200 Challenge Con. 34 300 Sierra Nevada. H
200 Con Cal & V.I 92V. 200 Union Con vt
800 Mexican- '.. 14 600 Yellow Jacket.. 31
200 Ophlr . . ". 82 700 Yellow Jacket.. 32
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & V.I 87*i 100 Ophir S2
400 Con Cal & Va..l 85 700 Ophir go
100 Confidence .....1 SO 300 Overman OH
500 Justice ....05 200 Silver Hill 34
-100 Ophlr 81 400 Yellow Jacket.. 31
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Aug. 16— 4 p. m.
."';•¦ V-j : BId.Ask. • BId.Ask.
Alpha ." 02 04 Justice 05 06
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 02' 04
.Andes ..03 04 Lady Wash .... 01
Belcher 05 06 Mexican 13 15
Best & Belcher 12 13 Occidental 02 03
Bullion .......... 01 03 Ophir ' 79 80
Caledonia :. 27 30 Overman 09 10
Challenge Con. 32 34 Potost 05 06
Chollar 04 05| Savage .'........ C6 08
Confidence .".'.'.. 1 25 1 33'Scorplon — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 85 1 90 Seg Belcher.... .— 02
Con Imperial...: — -02 Sierra , Nevada. 12 '13
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 33 35
Crown Point.... 07 03 Bt Louis 06 —
Eureka Con ..•• 12 — Standard ;..... »— 3 50
Exchequer ' — 02 Syndicate ...... — OS
Gould & Curry 12 15 Union Con ..... 12 14
Hale & Norc... 27 28 Utah 05 ' 07
Julia ¦ .. — «2 Yellow Jacket.. 30 31
At . the Occidental .. Court the ; following
games will be played Sunday, afternoon:
G. Kelly and i W. - Gainey- vs. \ T. Holland
and Y. Holland; "W. C. Reily and W. Glid
den svs.- R. . Donovan and J. Ennls; James
Howard and C. J. Barry vs. J. Walsh and
J. F. -Kenneally; Dr. W. Wackhorst and
J. Flynn vs.-W. Rancell and ,«W. Win
throp: G. B. Hay ward , and , H. Cory vs
W. Collins and G. Cunningham; F.I P.
Haynesand J.-Mahoney vs. T. Clements
and T.J. Lydon; A. Collins and W. Ja
cobs vs.' L. JCenny and H. McNevin.
At the San Francisco Court the matches
scheduled are:--,W. Kelly and M. Dillon
vs. G. ; Hutchinson" and J. :- J. J.
Cavanaugh and W.' Walsh .vs. H. H. Liss
ner and J. .' Brady ; P. Talo : and J. Kirby
vs. D. Regan and E. : Barry ;J. Condon and
T. Lydon vs. T. Leach : and T. = Foley ; G
B. Hayward and W. v Fisher vs. H.: J.
Rogers .and - P. Ryan; i- J. ' Glynn ;and I T.
Berres vs.- E. iWhite and JW. Mitchell ; • M.
McLaughlln and M. McDonald vs.D. Con
nelly, and , M. Levy; ¦ J. C. Nealon ' and t J,
White vs. J. Collins and R." Murphy.-
Handball Games.
Dixon showed in- his old-time form
when it came to blocking, but he fought
a defensive battle all through.' He was
willing to mix with his sturdy opponent,
however, and nearly always - broke even
with him at infighting.
Dixon Punishes His Opponent, but
Fights on the Defensive, and
So Loses. ;
DENVER, Aug. 16.— Young Corbett of
Denver was given the decision at the end
of a ten-round • go' with George : Dixon,
ex-feather-weight .champion, at Coliseum
Hall to-night.*. The fight was the fastest
seen here in some time. While Corbett
was , the aggressor ; at all times, Dixon
punished him severely, • and from the fifth
round -to the finish Corbetfs face was
bathed in , blood, r In the .seventh, ninth
and /tenth rounds Dixon was badly pun
ished r by Corbett's ' persistent . Jabbing to
•the ribs. . ; •¦ .
YOXTN& C?ORBETT GETS
DECTISION OVER DIXON
Guglielmo Galll (owner); with Luigi Cuneo
(contractor), architect Harold D. : Mitchell All
work . exiept ; mantels," gag fixtures ; and : shades
for ' a 2-story frame building . with rough base
ment (two flats) on E line of Polk street," 51;4
N of Union, N 24 :4 , by ' E 100 ; . total, i $3$50. ;
Builders' Contracts.
.Elizabeth Oliver - (widow) to William Learv
all fraction 1, block 25, 1 McLeod r . Tract Murray
Township; also gore or fraction of land bound
ed. E by: Charter street in town of Livermore
S by- East 'avenue or county road, survey No'
1515, W. and; N by. block • 25, -same, Murray
Township; also lot on NE corner of Lizzie and
Second streets, NW 50 by NE 100. portion block
2, same, ; Murray ' Township ; $600. \ - . ¦ .,
Peter C. and Hannah Lassen to William Cor
bln, lot on E line of Champion street 59 r.o s
of Palmetto, E 120.88, S 60, W. 120.70, N. 60 re
subdivision .block ,B, Prospect Hill TVncf
Brooklyn Township; $10. ' ¦ xact '
McCarthy Company to Max Hoflich. lot < anfl
NW % lot 7, in subdivision B. Fruitvale Term
inal Tract, Brooklyn '.Township; $10. -.- n
John D. and > Clara S. - Moreland to Leonard
Warner, lot 30, ¦ subdivision A, Frultvale Tmrt
Brooklyn Township; J200. - . '
_ E. B. and A. E.^JBeard to Berkeley Bible
Seminary,' lot on NW corner of Bancroft wav
and Dana' street, N 120 by .W 137-1% suint
4, block 4, Villa Lots, adjoining university on
5, Berkeley; $10.. ;. -..' - . ... -.,
Walter > E. • and Annie - E. Logan' to Eliza
Hutchlns (single), lot on Intersection of Nw
line of Twenty-seventh avenue with SW line
in right-of-way of Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, NW 106 by SW 50. • portion of Wock
G t . Knowles :& Potter, subdivision of Kenned v
Tract, East Oakland; $10. . [ «-enneay
-Peter and Sarah M. Thomson to William V,
Thomson, lot on W line of Webster strVet eo
S of Delger, NW 60, W 133 S 61 44 gp Si m
SW 1J.6L.SE 118.29, Oakland; gift. ' SE 34 ' 23 '
-Same to Lucy F, Thomson (single) lot on W
line of Webster street, 122 N of Delger NW
97.55. SW 20.35, N W 30.14. S W 74 42 E IKS-O^
N 122 to beginning, Oakland" gift. " '
Charles or Charley Scheggla to John Ryan
beginning at Intersection of E line of San
Pablo . avenue, with . line drawn parallel and
equidistant between N line Wallace avenue
and Q S line, of Alden, E 183:8. S23:4, W to E
of San Pablo avenue, N to beginnine lot 1
block A, Henry Sub Whltcher, Brockhu'rst and
Roland tracts. Oakland; also beginninE- «,
above E 133:8, N 13:4, W to E San PablS *v"
nue and S to beginning.', being s 23:4, lot lT
block A; same, Oakland; $10. '
.Louis i Gulllxson to Clara J. Northcut.' lot 10
block E, Knowles and Potter Sub Kenned v
tract, East Oakland: $10. .Kennedy
Owen Feeney to Theodore and Augusta HeDD
ner, all interest in lot on N line of Seventeenth
street; 132:3 -W of Kirkham, W 25 by N lfli-o
lot 19, block 602. 1 Map 1, Scotchler Tract Oaic
land; $10. - : - - - ' . - ¦ ¦ '
i 2 ™> i? 4 I 4 'o.? lock . D> corr ected map blocks D
and E. of Champion Tract, Brooklyn Township!
Frances T. and Charles E. T. Graham to
Ernest F. Verwiebe. lot 7. block A AUenda.l2
shlpT*10 r . e - reCOrd ?45 °- *»' Brookly^Tow^
_ Estate of George Brown (by George A and
Elmer F. Brown, executors) to T. F. Bafrd
lot on^SE of Schiller street, 157-6 SW
med^nm aVCnUe> SW 60 by Se5 108; Ala
¦inSa^ll^* 1 '* t0 ArthUr Brown> Bam e, Ala-
Mary E. and L. J. Holton to Sarah Brillinnt.
ot en N line of San Jose avenue, ME of wl
Jo^^reet, E 40 by N 150, E V, of lot 7 Hi- W
H T b^ k r> L> PI , On l e / H ° m «teadr Alameda; JloT
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Jol n B
Greenwood all interest in lot on SI ne of
£ wsswssrfe. 245 E of Marketi * tl
Peter Thomson to Sarah M. Thomson, lot on
S ? rn ,^ to Bame - lot on NE corner of Broadwnv
and Birnie street, N 100 by E 100 nortioTnf
totjy; block G. Map Fountain plale^kUnd!
Emily M. Vrooman to Evalyn V. Hunting
ton (wife of-W.-D.), and Myrtle B. Sill- (wife
of E. R.) all Interest In lot on N line of
Thirteenth street. 100 W of Jefferson, W. 50 by
N 100, lots "24 and 25 In block 187, Kellersber
ger's Map, Oakland; $7500.
George -W. Austin to Romeo J. Nacimento,
lot on W • line of Hellen street, 200 N . of A,
N 50 by W 133, subdivisions A and B in lot 10,
block 793, map 2, Watts Tract, Oakland; $10.
.Annie Reynolds to Sarah J. Fleming (widow),
lot on E line of Telegraph avenue. 150 N of
Hawthorne avenue. N 50 by E 125, lot 11,
Buena Vista Homestead. Oakland ;: $10. . :
E A. Clausen and N. Fancher (trustees H.
F. Peart) to J. A. Elston and L. ¦ P. Traugh
(trustees Elizabeth Rusk), lots 20 and 21, block
t>, map Valley Road Tract, Berkeley; $1. ¦
A. B. and Emma B. * Pierce to John- Fryer,
all interest in lot on S line of Durant avenue,
200 W of College avenue, W 50 by S 130, portion
lot 3, block 9, College , Homestead Association,
Berkeley; $10.
George H. Jeffress to William J. Robertson,
all interest In lot on W line of Bray avenue,
517.15 S of i old , county road. S , 49 by W , 135.
lot 57, Henry and Phillips Tract, Brooklyn
Township ' quitclaim deed; $1. ; • ¦ .
William J. and Jessie S. Robertson to W. W.
Harper, pame. Brooklyn Township; $10. ,
Alexander M. Jeffress (widower) to Maria D.
Jeffross,' same, Brooklyn Township; $10.- i
3 F. Sinclair to Adelbert T." Hay, lots 1 11 'to
13, •' block C, map Frultvale Station . . Tract,
Brooklyn Township; also lotB 3 and 4, block
C, same, Brooklyn Township,-, quitclaim 1 deed;
Charles M: and Alice Lawrence to Ernest E.
Hunt all Interest in lot on E line of Frultval<»
avenue. 143.50 N of School street. N 45 by E
Alameda County.
Francis R, Larkin to William B. Prlngle,
lot on SE corner of Pacific and -Stockton
streets. S 34:0>4 by E 49:6%; $10.
Pacific Steam Whaling Company to Pacific
Packing and Navigation Company I (corpora
tion), lot on NE corner of Santa Clara and
Illinois streets. N 181:2%, NE 86:6, E 378:9, S
200. w 410: $10. V
Solomon and Dora Getz to H. J. Abraham,
lot on S line of- Montana street. 125 W. of
Plymouth, W 50 by S 125, block S, Railroad
Homestead; $10.
M. ¦ Ballln to Henry F. Blanchet Jr., lots 14
and 15, block 6, Garden Tract Homestead Ad
dition; $10.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Louis
Greenblat, lots 14 to 16, block 6, same; $10.
Same to Lorenzo de Santl, lot on N corner
of Eighteenth avenue and S street, NE 200 by
NW 50, block 342, O'N. and H. Tract; $10.
Regents of the University of California to
Eliza W. Colt, all Interest in estate of Charles
M. Hitchcock; deceased ; $7500. . »
University • of Maryland (corporation) to
same, same; $3750., /•.-•¦¦'.-',¦-
Gulseppl C. and Valentina Vischl to Thomas
Merry, lot on - W ' line of Kearny . street, 106:3
N of Greenwich, N 31:3 by W 107:6; $10.
John E. Youngberg to Mary E. Youngberg,
let on N line of Ridley street, 55 E of Pearl,
N 75. E 60, S 75, W 50; gift.
John E. and Elizabeth Lamb to William H.
Dunn, lot on E line of Shotwell street, 125 S
of Twenty-first, S 60 by E 122:6; |10. , .
William H. Dunn to John E. Lamb, same;
gift.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to James and
Sarah Hayes, lot on N line of Eighteenth
street, 60 W of Noe, W 25 by N 114; $10."
"William B. and Maria A. Waldron to Oreste
Marsili. lot on N line of Moultort place, 92:6
W of Montgomery street, W 22:6 by N 62:6; $10.
Catherine M. Atkinson to John E. Mason, lot
on SW corner of Washington and Spruce
streets. W 68:9 by S 127:8>A; $10.
Cassle Hay ward to Cassie and Edna. Hay
ward, lot on E line of Ashbury street, 240 S
of Frederick. S 60 by E 186:3; gift.
Antolne - and Grade Borel (by attorneys) to
Thomas Butler, lot on S line of Hayes street,
118:3 W of Central avenue (Lott street) , "W, 23
by S 137:6; $10.
Stephen Potter to Mary E. or Lizzie M.
Potter, lot on E line of Baker street, 100:4H
S of Washington, S 25 by E 1C6:3; ?10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Commodore A. , E. Chapman of the Val
lejo Yacht Club was present at the meet-
Ing and stated that his sloop -Helen,
which gave the Corinthian . defender
Presto such a* close race for the Perpetual
challenge cup on August 10, will enter in
the thirty-foot class, in which - are in
cluded the speedy sloops Aeolus, Presto
and Truant, all winners of Macdonough
cups. The meeting of these swift sailers
Is looked forward to with great Interest.
The regatta committee consists of T. J.
Kavanaugh, R. R. rHommedieu, H. "W.
Whltelawv C. L. TIsdale, George War
ford and C. B. Eaton, representing the
Corinthian, California, San Francisco. En
cinal, Vallejo and South Bay yacht clubs
respectively. The trophy committee, con
sists of T. J. Kavanaugh, A..C. Lee, S. S.
Marshall, H. M. Landsberger, A.' E.
Moody and A. E. Chapman. T. J. Kava
naugh will be in charge of .the stakeboats
off Meiggs wharf. A. C. Lee will be on
the windward stakeboat and L. Morse on
the leeward one. There will be a referee,
four judges. and two timers."
Th© delegates of the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association met last night at the
Merchants' Exchange to settle some of
the preliminaries i for the annual regatta
to take place on September 9. It was. de
clfled that . the ' rules ' of last ! year shall
govern the races of the present year; that
the yachts shall be divided into six
classes, and that each class shall be
started by a one-gun start. Purchasers
of tickets to view the races may go upon
the regatta committee's steamer, or In
the leeward or windward stakeboat.
Speedy Cup-Challenger in .An
nual Interclub Regatta.
Commodore Chapman Will Enter His
PBESTO AND HELEN TO . '
~ TEST SPEED AGAIN
-DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA-Arrived Aug 15-Tug Katie Cook,
from Rosue River. . '-"*"»•
Sailed Aue 16— Schr Abbie. for San Fran-
NEAH BAY— Passed in Aug 16— Ship Dash
ing Wave, from San Diego.
PORT LUDLOW-Sailed Aug 16-Shlp Louis
iana, for Melbourne. '
p P^v TOWNSI =NI>-Arrived Aug 16-Schr
E K Wood, from Haiphong. ¦•>/,/,-:
I/ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
At Sutro . baths on Sunday, August 18, the
following events will be run:-- EO-yard . dash,
juveniles— A. Courtney, C. Butterworth r O,
McDermid, D. Mackel. M. Roach, Cl Duke, E.
Klpp, J. Dixon, J. McManus. R. Buckley C
Duke, "W. Stockton, B. Berry, J. Vetter F
Paine, P. Rolland. T. Burns, P. Lockwood, R.
Herman, P. Sundberg, C. Leary, A. Derks.C.
Donovan, E. Egran, C. Nichols, J. Mullen, C.
Crist, C. McCarthy. • .
Diving for plates, open to aJl— O. Mizner, C.
Simpson, W. Conners, C. Meyers, "W. Adams
G. Wnst." C. Mason, E. McClure.' R. Soil, C.
Austin, -F. Paine, H, CrosB,- L. Baudain, W.
Bush, J. Williams, S. Cook, T. Baker, L. Cor
nell, E. Kipp, M." Roche.
100-yard race, amateurs — C. Summers, P
Maine, L v Grueman, 'W. Gorman, J. Erasmy,
F. Clayton, H. Seebach, L. Doud, P. Noultln,
¦P. Buttmer, L. Harper, J. Mitchell, J. Ring
rose, J. Hunt, R. Seltzer, P. Rose, J. Arm
cost, J. Ryan, L.- Johns, . D. Harris, G. Welch
J. Holton, A. Martinez, G. Wallace.. " -¦ ¦
Trick and fancy springboard diving— L. Grue
man, R. Cordell, J. A. Jackson, O. Owens, F
RItter, O. Mizner, H. Wilson, G. Muller. J
Mclntyre, J. Armacost, G. Irving, R. Seltzer"
M. Loud, J. Sawyer, G. Kelber. E. WinHeld!
E. Bell, J. Guile. ¦ '.
High diving. for boys, tub race, open to all.
Swimming at Sutro's.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.-Detroit outbatted
Washington and won the first game of the
series. Attendance. 2487. • Score:
Clubs— . R. ¦ H. E.
Washington 1 7 3
Detroit 5 ' j3 . 2
Battteries— Lee and Clarke: Yeager and
Shaw. . ....
Boston ..:..... 6 9 . i
Chicago 2 r -¦¦' 6 4
Batteries— Young and Criger ; Callahan and
Sullivan. -- «? ,. ~ 1 ..-. .1. :,. • v ..
Batteries— Foreman and Bresnahan ; Dowling
and Wood. ,.^-'.f "•-¦.¦'¦'¦¦'¦ ¦ • ...
BOSTON. Aug. 16,-Callahan was easy in
two innings of to-day's contest and Boston
had no trouble In taking- the game. Younjr
was very steady, allowing but five hits and
only giving one pass. Atendance, 6570. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Milwaukee.. 2 8 *S
Philadelphia 10 18. 1
Batteries— Sparks and Maloney; Bernhardt
and Powers. , ¦ ••
' BALTIMORE. Aug. 16.— Foreman pitched an.
excellent fame this a/ternoon for Baltimore
and shut out Cleveland. Attendance, 2300.
Score:
Clubs— — ' R. H. E.
Baltimore 1 7 q
Cleveland 0 B 0
Batteries— Hughes and Farrell; Taylor, Smith
and Warner. — Dwyer.
' AMERICAN LEAGUE. .
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 16. -The home team
again won from Milwaukee to-day by superior
work at' the bat. In the first and second in
nings five of the locals' nine hits were doubles.'
Attendance, 1300. Score:
Clubs— R. . H. . E.
Batteries— Donohue and McFarland; Willis
and Klttrldge.
BROOKLYN, Au«r. 16.— Brooklyn bunched
hits off Taylor, in the first and seventh innings
to-day and won easily. Hughes gave the New
Yorks their only run by passing Strang and
hitting: Ganzel. Attendance. 3700. Score:.
Clubs—. ' R. H. E.
Brooklyn ........ ¦....; .,.4 '7 2
New York 1 5 .„•*.. 2
: -.-' NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, Auy. 16.— To-day's game
between Philadelphia and Boston was a pitch
ers' battle and a fine fielding exhibtlon. At
tendance, 2776. Score:
Clubs— ¦ • K. H. " E.
Philadelphia 3 9 0
Boston ......; !'• 8^-0
Philadelphia Wins a Close Contest
From Boston— Hughes Was
fa Good Ann,
SCORES OF THE GAMES
ON EASTERN- DIAMONDS
• H Van Nordon, Sac
Mrs M A HaiRh. Cal
C R Puckhaber, Fresno
H P Andrews.. R Bluff
J W B Montgomery,
Chicago
J M Day; Los Angeles
G A Mclntosh, Reddng
R G Brady, Tucson
K L Hart, Tucson
J Cohen, Tucson
G M Brasfleld. Mem
phis
F W Zorn & w, Ohio
J W Elwell, Cal
S A Musson, Mexico
S Crauoe, Mexico
Miss M E Garfleld.L A
J Bonnar & w, Fresno
Anna M Scharf, Texas
Mrs Bailey, Los An
H J • Seymour, w, & 2
¦ children. Cal •
Mrs A M Shaw, "Wash
H B Morment, Va -
L Hooper, Cal - •
J Rice & w. Cal '- ; v
Mrs W D Bell & son,
Crows Landing-
Mrs H Garwood, N Y
W H Hawley & w, '
¦• Grass Valley ¦¦'-- : • .
Mrs J F Kldder & dau
Grass Valley
E L McKelllp & 2 chll
• Darlin. Nev
R T 'Mlchelson,' Sonoma
A H Lamane, Denver
W J Young, Phila
G W Pettus. Sacto
C Ferguson, Denver
H D Steele, Denver
C F Prentlss, Sacto.
S Holl & w, Sacto
C A Stone & w, Nev .
C D Barber & w, L An
Miss Snow, Los Ang
D M Stanley & w,
¦ Menlo Park • .t V
Mrs.W H Wiley & ch
Denver
A Starbuck & w, Cal
H S Kinsell & w, San
Lorenzo
W J Meade, Zion Ang
D MacRay. 'Australia
Mrs N I Boone, R Biff
Miss E Matlock,. Red
Bluff J
Mlss.Garwood. N T
PALACE HOTEL.
S Benson, Portland
F Booth. Los An*
S W Taylor, Denver
H C Brown, N Y
T J Keogh. Ogden
H G Penney, Boston
G B Ellis, Redlands
E F Ross. N J
T H Oxnard. L Ang
F N McCauley & w,
Chicago
W . D Woolwlne & w,
v Los Anseles
Ev Eichelberger & . w,
Los An:reles -¦
A S Han ford &¦ w, la
Miss E Hanford, Iowa
G W Boeschke, Texas
M A Kirkpatrick.Bostn
E C Kirkpatrick.Bostn
G S Kirkpatrick,Bostn
B Heyman. New York
Mrs Taylor, Livermore
F Adams & w, Denver
J N Kinkhead & w,
Virginia .. ¦'/._
F M Shepard & w,
• Dawson • ¦ •• « - -
G L Boothe. Va ' - r '
E G Wheeler. NT
H C Moore, San' Jose
LA Grant. L Angr
W M Courtis. Detroit
J A Schmidt. Pa
P Farve. Los Angeles
H C Davis. N T
Dr S Baruch & w. N T
B M Baruch & w, N Y
G A Toole & w. Can
A W Fly & w, Texas
A M 'Ber^evln, Chgro
Mrs F A Wickersham,
Petaluma
E W Churchill & w.
Nai>a
B Erdman, Berlin
"W Kunhelm. Berlin
F B Houghton, Texas
E P Jenninsrs, Utah
J Forgie. England "»"?
Miss A Kelly, Sacto
NEW ¦WESTERN HOTEL.
J Cumins, -Ireland '•¦'
R H Herlot, Sacto
W R Sullivan, 8 Cruz
W J Zimmerman. Or
H Banazans & w, Nev
J Mulroy, Idaho
Miss I Ward. Ross V
G Shaw, Los Angeles
A Hirsella, Dawson '
G R .Hawes. Portland
J Gross. Los Angeles
E L Shadbolt, Petalm
W Bassett. Tomales
J Holaway. Australia
G Molt, San Diego
A\ Walchin, Chicago
F L Lindsust. Sacto .
C J Barker, Monterey
R D Jenkins. Hawaii
J Patterson. Idaho
J W Pii>er. Iowa .
S M Shelton & w,
Manila. .¦ - -..V
:. - /¦ ;¦¦¦
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
After a protest from John Redmond,
the Nationalist leader, against the Inade
quacy of the apology, the offenders were
recalled and asked If they were prepared
to withdraw their allegations. They did
so, in somewhat nervous tones.-. The
Speaker then' severely reprimanded the
two newspaper men, who were permitted
to depart, the members of the House jeer
ingly congratulating them on their escape
from Imprisonment In the. Tower.
After the Speaker, William Court Gully,
notified them of ¦. the cause of the sum
mons, both Armstrong and Madge - ex
pressed regret at the appearance of the
article and apologized to the House. The
Speaker then ordered the delinquents to
¦withdraw while the House considered the
matter. Both the „ editor and manager
backed out, bowing ' low at each step,
amid the derisive cheers of the Nation
alists.
LONDON, , Aug. 16.— In the House of
Commons to-day .. G. • E. Armstrong, a
former lieutnant of the British navy, edi
tor of the Globe, and ,W. T. Madge, man
ager of ; that : paper, . attended the bar in
the custody of the sergeant-at-arms, In
accordance with, the of the
House, for gross' breach of the privileges
of the House, m accusing the Nationalist
members of corruption In connection with
private bill legislation. „
Nationalists Jeer the Cul
prits As They Are With
v drawing.
British Journalists Ap
pear at Bar of the
i House.
MAKE APOLOGY
IN THE COMMONS
, ' /.¦:-,, . I ¦ . . . • ¦ , . . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL., SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1901.
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•k Steamers ¦ leave Broadway
Wt_ Wharf, San Francisco:
HBMi^-. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
IggSBBfc every fifth day. Change to
KgjpnJ^PBk company's steamers at Seattle.
mK«n^ For V'ctoria, Vancouver (B.
BB£Q?SxVjgV§ C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
EfKVfVfffiM Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
i lnd ew Whatcom (Wash.)—
ll a. m., every fifth day-
Change at Seattle for ' thl»
company's steamers for Alaska and Q. K. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.
every fifth day.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angelea and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays, 9
a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. Sjui Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa. Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro
and 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona,
Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays.
9 a. m.
For Ersenada, Magdalesa Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to changs
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OKFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HotelVa
GOODALL. PERK»S & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R.'St'N. CO.
Only Staamahlp Zjln* «a
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Llns from Portland to atl
points Eamt. Thronfth tickets to alt
points, all rail op wtenmshin and rail, at
IjO'ottest rates.
BTEAKIR TICKETS INCLUDE BEKTH and XXALV
SS. COLUMBIA
Bs/GEb^w.^Lby?:.. 1 ?:.^.^:.^^ "
« Sails An*. 8. 13, 28. Sept. 5. IS. a
D.W. HITCHCOCK. GEN. Agt-.l Montjrm'y. 8-F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. 80UTHAMPT0If. LOtfDOS. TJJOX,
Stopping at Cherbourg 1 , westbound.
From Ntw York Wednesdays, at 10 a. ra.
•Zeeland August ttf Philadelphia ...Sept. IX
St. Paul...:. .August 2S St. Paul Sept. 19
St. Louis Sept. 41 St. Louis Sept. 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at IS noon.
¦Zeeland .....August Zl Vaderland .....Sept. tl
Friesland ....August 28 Kensington ....Sept. IS
Southwark Sept. i Zeeland Sept. 25
•Stop at CheTbourr. eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
CHAS. t>. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st,
oeeaMcs.s.co.Esi
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only
Saturday, August 31. 2 p. m.
S. S. SONO3XA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday, August 22, 10 *. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .7.
Wednesday. September II. 10 a. m.
J. B.SPBECKELS & BROS. CO., Inaral louts, 327 larbt A
Qn'l Pusaogir OtScs, S43 Market St., Piar lo. 7. Pacific St
panama .Hi. ¦ear
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $103; Steerage. $40; Meals Fre*.
5. 8. Argyll sails , Aug.
6. 6. Lee Ian aw satis' , Auft.
8. S. Argyll sails , Sept.
From Howard street at 1 p. m.
Freight and passenger offlce,"<330 Market at. 1
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coart Agent.
COHPASHIE 6XITC2ALS TRA53ATLANTIQU1
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. JA^1
Sailing: every Thursday, instead of <#K*?C*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Dler 42, »-«»*»
North River, foot of Morton street; La Nor-
mandle, August 22: La Breta?ne, August 29;
La Champagne, September 5; *La Savoie, Sep-
tember 12.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and - upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson . building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific. Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from. How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. '
PERU Aug. 16 | PA LENA Sept 4
GUATEMALA.. Aug. K/COLOMBIA ....Sept. 3»
These steamers are built expressly tor Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. A rents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS
FOR U. NAVY YAR^AirSEJOL
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. * p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a, m., 4:15 p. m. Far* 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
flr* der 2. Mlaslon-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
HOTEL ST. DENIS. (European plan), 24 Turk
«.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished: strictly first-class;
s>uc per day and upward; special rates by the
T week or month; best in the city; references;
take Markct-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HERMANN, 626, near Flllmore— Large sunny
; rooms for 1 or 2 gentlemen. .^.-.•>;.'-
HOWARD. 1063 (The Harvey)— Sunny furnished
n ircnt bay-window room; electric lights; $10.
1 HTDE, 1414—^unfurnished rooms, parlor floor;
also 3 rooms In lower floor; sun all day.
: KEARNT, 34. and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
r furnished rooms ;,en suite or single.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny back room, 1 or 2
'¦: Persons; housekeeping; $6 50.
MARKET, 1015 (Xew Arlington)— Xicely fur-
nished rooms, J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET, 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms for
_ hkpg. ; tip; ai 8O rooms for transient; baths.
- MARKET, 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references. .'. ,-C- ¦
_ MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
- furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
° MASON, 107— Nicely furnished sunny front
n rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
y MINNA. 911 14 — Two single, furnished rooms,
" large and sunny; $5 and $7.
- MISSION, .1717%, near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
4 nlshed rooms.
n •¦ : .
p O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
r offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
- OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
h and single rooms, M week up; transient.
ROYAL Hous». 12S Ellis— Incandescent litht;
_ reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
r lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, J2 to
I. $8; month. $R to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. 7"..' ¦ '
" SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
. near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rmg. ; run, water; baths; phone; cheap
* THE BERLIX. 238 Kearny— Elegant Fuites; '•
single rooms; running water; transient.
THE CECILENE. T20 Van Ness ave.
r Bachelors' apartments: elegantly furnished;
™ all sunny rooms; references.
n CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
y received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
- A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
f subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
ON Rincon Hill. 4 blocks from Palace Hotel-
Prices per week. $3 50. $4. $n; industrious girls
or students can profit by this offer. Write or
call at 570 Harrison st.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel exceptional table ;attractlve rms.
HOTEL Reseller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
THE Crocktr, 915 Lea venworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — Elegant .parlor suitei; all
conv.; 3 or 4 gentlemen; best table board.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE — We are responsible for our photo
contracts and coupons as they are printed;
positively . no verbal agreemtns with agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait Co.. 3 Taylor st.
A DOUBLE seat tricycle: cost JSOO. .What
have you? Address HOLTUM, 517 Califor-
nia St., S. F.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. tel. 5580.
Catarrh positively cured ¦with Chicago Medica-
tor: trial free: send for circular. 935 Mkt, r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
SLOT MACHINES.
TWO roulettes, only f73 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and 8th: other machines.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPtl Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell st*.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage' Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon St.: tfcl. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIXS Van and Storaee Co.. 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1*40: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson ZS1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
g"rEAT~RARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
se.ll better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD tvne writers : new. $60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sanscme.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 94 (twelve
and one-half cents per share) of the Hutch-
inson Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable
at the office of the company, 327 Market st.,
on and after Tuesday. August 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books closed Tuesday August 13. 1901, at
3 o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS. Sec.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Pommel Slickers, Depof Quar-
termaster's office, 36 New Montgomery st.,
San Francisco. Cal.. August 16, 1901.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate,- will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Tuesday,
August 27. 1901. Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Yellow Oilskin
Pommel Slickers. Fish brand or equal. Bids
will be opened for the delivery of the same
articles at either the San Francisco, Boston,
Chicago and Philadelphia Depots, and are for
the same for which bids will be opened at
the other depots. To avoid all possible mib-
understandlng as to the exact nature of the
slickers to be supplied, bidders will carefully
examine sample slicker at this depot, as un-
der no circumstances slickers Inferior thereto
will be accepted. Unguaranteed bids, and
bids for delivery at other points than those
designated herein, will under no circumstances
be entertained. Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential, and bidders must
state In their proposal the rate and. time of
deliveries, should contract be awarded to
them. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture,' condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding In the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will bf given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining 1 proposals will be Indorsed, "Proposals
No. 7571," and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR
F. LONG, Quartermaster U. S. Army. Depot
Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., August 14, 1901.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m., Thursday, August
29. 1901.J and then opened, for construction
(including plumbing, heating and electric
wiring) of hospital at Fort Mason, Cal. Gov-
ernment reserves right to reject or accept any
0£ all bids in whole or In part. Preference
gTven to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (Including In the •
price of foreign productions the duty there-
on) being equal, and such preference given
to articles of American production produced ¦
on the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the public service there. Infor- '
rnation furnished on application to J. M.
MARSHALL, Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
earl. Chief Q. M. •
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: -
George W. King, 23, 121 Powell street, "and
Leonie J. Scott, 23, 150S Golden Gate avenue. ¦ >
Marcel M. Smith, 11. 3S3 Linden avenue, and '
Alice M. Kerr, 20, 122 Eugenia avenue. '.
Joseph Ott, 22. 336 Third street, and Emma i
M. Trautmann. 16, 625 Pacific street. ' ' ¦
Roy - U. Conger, 3L New York City, and '.
Grace M. Fitch, 18. 930 Pine «treet. - :
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES- DEATHS. !
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by '
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed •
in at either of the publication offices and be :
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- •
eons authorized to have the same published. '
BORN". i
BYRNE— In Oakland. August 14, 1301, to the 1
1 wife of J. P. Byrne, a daughter. . !
HACKENBRUCK- In this city, August •' 13,
1301. to the wife of John Hackenbruck, a |
dauchter. ;
HILL— In Berkeley, August 6, 1901. to- the wife I
of James F. Hill, a aon. ; ¦ -
~~~ MARRIED.
BRUGUIERE— JONES— In '. Chariotte, North *
Carolina. August 15, 190L at the residence ot ,
the bride's parents, Francis J. Bruguiere and ]
Ltla-H. Jones. • . - (
GOLDSTONE— CAMERON— In ' Elyria, Ohio, <
August 5. 190L Percy Goldstone of San Fran-
cisco and Marie Cameron of Detroit. Mich. ]
BOBBINS— RHODES— Ifl this city, August 14, £
VjjKAL ESTATE FOR Sale! ~~ "~*"
THOMAS MAGEE & J5OXS,
Real Estate Agents.
Turk-rt. investment. r,Jr "feet
Gcsry-st. investment, near Octav!a; rent $l"l-
fc-jiWirg cost J14.000; only $18,000. * '
Leavenworth-st. Investment. near Golden
fi«? Aw bUlldinSS in Kood order; totalrtnt
lillis-st. corner Investment: IST'i J>et 'rent-
SS ;7M£o. frame buU<J -^- rc « #* aHSer
1 " 81 " lavestmcat : « f*et front :'rent $112;
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. ,
Real Estate Agents,
. 5 Montgomery st.
B I^°irJ N aT g'cgfc'ig^^. 6ale: 1Ot a^"-
— — FOR SALE NEAR S^-""fraNCIPCO-1I1
Small tracts. ?60 to JM per acr« ¦ cZ Rancid
Ootatr. Sonoma Co.; future value as
Pan Francisco is proving rapidly; location
NOTICE TO ACTIVE MEN-Agents wanted at
-nee in all parts of California? Walton
and Oregon to handle a large body of cheaS
fall particulars address box 4T64. Call office.
4! tn- C ?£ S n X Z* l ~*™* n * ar San MateoTrich
t-cil. fmall Imrroveroents. Apply »o7 Church
st.. near Market; call at S p. in. • *- nurc!l
POULTRY and dairy ranches for eale- write fnr
itnt llst/acia: WIXFIELD, Petaluma. cal!
'-"UPl ( " i:: ttarik bargains: call or send for U»t
V- oretrr. Whltton & MomgomeY^ . CT4 Marked
. eambTabyertisements.
ALAMEDA ItEAL ESTATE.
B°*rVO&SBH ol^^"^Tl^r^a^d~ba7h
JtatT^gHg^^ 8 ADAMS & C °- B »"
¥£££i£B& ISEK* 6 * & unimproved property
acquStc-d by forpplosure; ij cash. Dank of Ala.
leKEUOwjJISFilNTS"
.BE8KELEY REAL ESTATE.
5<500-RnDUCF.D from STSOoT^acrcs^"oT UndT^ ;
room house, fine barn: only i miles north o
Berkley. \V. C. MORAN' & CO.
•*JS* jKEW 7-room hntw; 10 minates' walk to
V. C. grour.ds; sell same as rent. W. C.
MORAK f: CO. . ;
S2000— XEW C-room oottaire, only cne block to
train ami sstreet cars; 12^0 cash, balance $20
per month; porcelain bath, tiled sink, side-
board, fine rr.antel, ststlonary tubs, tinted
¦walls and gas fixtures. W. C. MORAN & CO.
511.000— FIXEFT corner in Berkeley: 10 larpe
rooms: lot Tox^CO; fine grounds: three blocks
to t*. C. ground?. VT. C. MORAX & CO.
52T."0-SEVEN* rooms; on 100-foot street and
main avenne to V. C. grounds: lot 43x110-
rnust he sold at once. \V. C. MORAX & CO.
5500— GET Pne of these lots^ In the Wheeler
Tract before prices raise; street work all
cone; 4 blocks to U. C. grounds; Eend for
map. W. C. MORAN & CO.
CALL and imn? the two new 5-room cottages I
am nulling: high basement; mantel; all the
latest plumbing; well, tank and windmill;
in minutes to R. R. station: price only $1400;
_, S2-T>??fili, balance on easy payments. J. R.
P PERKINS. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
I. JCEW 6-roora cottage, high basement mantel
folding doors, tiled sink, par.tr>'. electric and
pas fixtures; all the latest open plumbing-
only 2 minutes* walk to railroad station- M
block to electric cars; price only liS<R): suk
cash, balance like rent. J R PERKINS
Lorin Station, Berkeley.
EXSO— ACBE lots; ?10 down, balance $5 per
month. W. C. MORAX & CO..
Lorin Station and Schmidt Block.
Derkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL. ESTATE.
5100 DOWN and about J15 p*r month, Including
interest: plain but comfortable house of 7
rooms, bath, hall, eliding; doors, front porch
end basement; very sunny all day and in
pood condition; Insured for JSOO: nice little
barn, driveway and garden; city water in
house and barn; a forced sale on account of
owner's departure for the East; total price
onlr ficy) on Installments; liberal discount for
a quick cash sale: street work all done; near
San Pablo ave. and local trains to San Fran-
circo; title perfect and guaranteed; bank
mortgage; investigate at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIX & CO..
m 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price for
eale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD.
lliS' Broadway; telephone Main 10.
OAKLAXD ROOMS TO LET.
LARGE furnished room, with heating stove,
suitable for two, or single room: in a deslr-
ble locality; close to local and electric cars;
nice place for nurse. or music teacher; use of
piano during day. 1109 Eighth St.. Oakland.
oak la \o pmnrvBB koh sale.
AX introduction to ycu from H. Schellhaas the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
f_^ HOO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL. The, 1T73 Market— Sunny housekeeping
suites of 2 rooms. $10 up; others, |6; with gas.
CAPP. 624. near Twenty-first— Three furnished
housekeeping rooms; pri\-ate family; refs.
FOLSOM, SC3— A large sunny bedroom with
kitchen adjoining and yard.
HOWARD. SSS— Three eunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; yard.
HOWARD. 513— Housekeeping: rooms. %», $6 and
ft per month; also single and double, 70c up.
HOWARD. e;»— A front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 7C1H— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
dow;. other room*: man and wife.
HOWARO. JCC3— 2 completely furnished sunny
connecting housekeeping rooms; running
water; electric lights.
HTDE. 40S— Sunny front alcove suite suitable
for 2 or 2 people: also basement suite.
LARKIN'. 716—2 eunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, J12.
MIXXA, 2S— Three sunny furnished front
housekeeping rooms and other rooms. •
FOLK. 10C2— 3 ar.d S room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
TURK, cm — Solar flats; fine; new; Chicago
ft vie; 1 to S room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn.- and furnished; electricity; Janitor.
VAN KESS. SC7— Elegantly furnished rooms;
also fine suite; housekeeping. ¦ -„-¦-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*ub£crfpticns has been established at lost
' Valencia ft. !
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofSce. 2200 Flllmore et.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and Unfurn.
AHLBORX HOTEL— 221 Grant ave.— Best (1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— Xe*-ly— Furnished— Private— Residence,
332 O'Farrell St
Parlor suite, suitable for Physician or Dent-
1st; Other suites and singles from $10~up; ref.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to tl per night; II 23 to IS per week, and
housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGVLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill att&ched; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
ASTOR Hotel. Powell and Clay— New, house;
newly furn.; home for gents; grill attached.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third — 200 rooms; newljr
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to U week.
BACHELOR Hotel, IS Mason St.— 103 newly
furnished rooms, $1 60 per week up; elevator,
rlectric lights In every room, return call bells,
quiet, central.
BRADV, 3S— Sunny n»wly furnished rooms, 16
and $7; private family. '
BURNETT. MIS Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rmg., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable. . 1
ELLIS. C39, corner Larkln— Large sunny bay-
window housekeeping bedroom, $7. j
SI 10 WEEK— Larse sunny furnished room;'
closet; bath. Call by 8 p. ra. at S34 Folsom st. =
FOURTH. 223—3 eunny front rooms, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable; up- I
Y stairs. . .
VSART. «S. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
eultes and single; travelers accommodated. ,
GEARY, E84. below Jones— Handsomely fur-
nished front suite: also single rooms; bath
and phone; new flat. ..•- " I
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan . & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth ist.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ • - Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County. \
OFFICE 916 MARKE-T STREET.
- .T -.¦'.'¦ J- HENDERSON. Manager. .
I """"Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
SI EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave., S. P., Cal. V* "
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day of August. 1901.
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful to the living than th*
ashes of their dead.
Permits to cremate will be Issued by th*
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
107 POWELL ST.ncarELUS SS? 5056
(Sfianahaii Florist Co.
V - y ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .K ¦
1901, by the Rev. William Rader, George
Lovell Robbins and Ora Rhodes.- - • -
SMITH— KENNEDY— In this city. August 14,
1901, by the Rev. William Rader, Robert
Smith and ¦ Grace Kennedy. ¦ ».-;• - .
VAN DERVEER— EECSEY— In this city. Au-
guht 12, 1901, by the Rev. William Rader,
Matthias P. Van Derveer and Jennie Becsey.
DIED. ~
Baraty, Marcelina Larseneur,' Dominick
Bartiett. Domitilla Malls. Maria F.-
Brady, Edward Perkins, Dr. C. O.
Canavan. Martin : Rencurel, Marie -
Cummings, Ruth E. Servant. Wentworth
Ingell. George p. Sullivan. Nora G. .
Kelly. Bryan: Watson. Mary A.
Larsen, Hildegard Wise. Rosa
BARATY— In ' this city, August 14. 1901, Mar-
celina Baraty, ' widow of the late J. M.
Baraty, and mother of Mrs. A. D. Wilson, a
native of Mazatlan, Mexico, aged 54 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S04 Duoont street, thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres. .
where services will be held. Please . omit
flowers. •
BARTLETT— In this city, Aueust 16, 19.01,
DomitiUa. beloved wife of Joseph LI Bartiett.
and sister of Mrs. Minnie Beeman. Mrs. Mol-
lie Williams and Matt Oreamano, a native of
California, aged 42 years and 5 months.
E7"Not!ce of funeral hereafter. ¦
BRADY— In this city. August 16. 1901. Edward,'
beloved son of James and Rose Brady, and
brother of Rose Brady, a native of New
Jersey, aged 23 years 9 months • and 1 day. ¦
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from Mission Dolores
Church, where services will be held, com-
mencing at the above hour. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CANAVAN— In this city, August 16. 1901, Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Hannah Canavan, «.
native of County- Wicklow, Ireland, aged 65
years. . . , .
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 444 Linden avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CUMMINGS— In this "city, August 16, 1901,
Ruth E., beloved daughter of John and Min-
nie Cummings, and sister of Daniel H. Cum-
inlr.ss, a native of San Francisco, aecd 4
years and 24 days.
(E7"Interment private to-day (Saturday), at
Holy Cross Cemetery.
INGELL— In this city, August 16, 1901, George
Percy, beloved son of Percy and Elizabeth
Ing ell, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 2 months, and 24 days.
KELLY— In this citT, August 15, 1901, Bryan
Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
LARSEN— In Alameda. August 16. 1901. Hilde-
gard L. M. Larsen, beloved daughter of Mr.
and' Mrs. O. F. Larsen, and sister of Helga
and Fred T. Larsen, a native of Michigan,
aged 23 years 6 months and 10 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 2 -o'clock, at the resi-
dence, 1E13 Benton street. Interment Moun-
; tain View Cemetery.
LARSENEUR-In Fresno, August 8, 1901, of
Bright' s disease. Dominick F. Larseneur,
ared 45 years.
MAILS— In Berkeley, August 14, 1901. Maria
Fernanda, beloved and devoted wife of Henry
Malls; a native of Mexico, aged 63 years 2
months and 16 days. f ¦ ¦ v
ICTThe funeral will arrive In San Francisco
to-day (Saturday), via the 9:50 a. m. broad-
gauge boat. Cremation Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. * •
PERKINS— In Petaluma, August 18, 1901, at
9:12 p. m.. Dr. C. O. Perkins, beloved hus-
band of Jennie E. Perkins, father of Dr.
Harry F. Perkins of Occidental. Dr. Edward
W. Perkins of San Francisco and Charles B.
and Ralnh G. Perkins of Petaluma. and
brother of Mrs. A. D. Moody of South Wind-
sor. Me., and Mrs. E. V. Ford of Pemaquld.
. Me., a native of South 'Windsor, Me., aged
E6 years 5 months and 4 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral eervloes to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the M. E. Church,
Petaluma, services to be conducted by the
Rev. T. A. Atkinson, under the auspices of
Mount ¦ Olivet Commandery No. 20, Knights
Templar. • Interment Cypress Hill Cemetery,
Petaluma.
RENCUREL— In Santa Rosa. August 16, 1901.
Marie Rencurel (nee Lenormand), beloved
mother of Berthe and Augustine Rencurel,
and cousin of C. Rencurel, a native' of
France.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. . .
EERVANT-In this city, August 15, 1901,
¦Wentworth P.. beloved husband of Kate
Servant, a native of Nova Scotia, ared 43
years and 23 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
tC7"The • funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3036 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. Peter's Church, • where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her bouI, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
WATSON— In this city, August 15, 1901. Mary
A. Watson, a native of Nantucket. aged 77
years.- .
, n. [C7Funeral services to-day (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 706 Brod-
erick street. - .
WISE— In Seattle, Wash., August , 12, 1891.
Rosa, beloved wife of the late Edward Wise,
beloved 7 Bister of Mrs. ' Louise Brandt, and
niece of Louis Pfeiffler and Mrs. Mary Wal-
ton, a native of San Francisco. •
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
30, F. and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery,- by electric . car from Market . and
East streets. ..../. ; : .'\ .-.
SULLIVAN— In this city, August IS, 1901. Nora
G., beloved daughter of Johanna and the late
"John" Sullivan, and sister o£ Nelly F. ' and
John V. Sullivan, a native of Lawrence,
Mass. - .
¦ OCEAK" TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN EAISHA^
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner. First and Brannan streets, at l'n m
for TOKOHAMA J and HONQKON G, : calling at
Kobe ; (Hloso). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. - No . cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS.< HONGKONG MARU..........
¦:->¦'.;....:....... ..Wednesday, September 4 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU...........;....,.;......
.;...-¦. .::...... Wednesday, ; October 23- 1901
Round-trip : tickets -" at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. ,
W.' H. A VERY, General Agent.',GENTLEMANLY BURGLAR WHO RECENTLY PAID AN UNWELCOME
NOCTURNAL VISIT "TO. THE HAMMOND RESIDENCE AND' WAS
CAUGHT THURSDAY NIGHT- WHILE BREAKING INTO. A HOUSE.
The suit of W. S. Sntton against Joseph
Marsili to recover $150 was on - trial yes
terday before Justice of the Peace Dan
tels. The testimony showed that Button
had painted a portrait of Marsili from a
photograph furnished by the latter' s wife.
Wfrer Button delivered the portrait Mrs.
Marsili found fault with the color of the
*yes and it was altered to suit her ideas.
Then one of her daughters objected to
a lump on her father's neck in the por
trait and Sutton removed the lump. Some
fifteen alterations were ordered by the
Marsili ladies, according to Sutton. who
testified that the picture was never re
jected until he asked, for his pay, and
then Mrs. Marsili claimed she had never
ordered the work to be done. Judge Dan
iels reserved his decision.
Seeks Pay for Painting Portrait.
The bosses are also boasting: that the
result of the primary election Is an in
dorsement of the present State adminis
tration. As the bosses are bent on mak
ing the gubernatorial fight of 1902 an Issue
in the municipal election this year, the
voters may govern themselves accord
ingly.
It is the boast of the push also that
County Clerk Deane is to be turned down
because the Chronicle supports the Re
publican Primary League.
It is the boast of the push that one nom
ination is already settled. Ex-Assembly
man Fisk, the Examiner's candidate . for
District Attorney, is said to be acceptable
to all the bosses.
Purpose of the League.
The Republican Primary League was es
tablished to promote rile cause of good lo
cal government in San Francisco. In this
work it rallied to its support eight thou
sand Republican voters. As it threatened
to extinguish bossism and political cor
ruption, the local and State bosses of
both parties, and all the tax looters and
place hunters, combined to defeat its tick
ets. The reverse at the polls last Tues
day has not changed the determination
of anti-boss Republicans to work stead
fastly In the cause of good government.
While Martin Kelly, Herrin. Crimmins.
Lynch and the resurrected Senatorial push
are bickering and dispatching agents from
one saloon to another in efforts to dis
pose of the convention's nominations, the
anti-boss Republicans are striving to en
list the zeal of the public in the cause of
honest municipal rule.
Word is passed around to the remnants
of the lamented Senatorial push of the
Sacramento campaign that Herrin Is to be
placed in the saddle again. The story goes
that H. E. Huntington is to be made
president of the Southern Pacific Com
panv and imrne<iiately on assuming power
he is to give Herrin authority to do poli
tics in the name of the corporation. The
rumor is noised around to induce dele
gates on the fence to see Herrin.
It mav be true that Huntington will
again go to the head of railroad affairs
and authorize the company to engage in
politics, but he cannot place Herrin at the
head of a. delegation -in the Republican
Municipal Convention. The distinction of
boss leadership in this field belongs to
Martin Kelly, who went before the people
and won out against the Primary League
and the Republican press. Kelly, expects
to make something out of his victory and
he has as much right to dispose of the
nominations to help himself as Herrin has
to <iistribute them for the benefit of the
railroad corporation and the Spring Val
lev Water Works.
The bosses in their disgraceful squabble
over the spoils seem to forget the fact
that fifty-two thousand registered voters
of Ban Francisco took no hand In the
primary election. The incident that the
Primary League cast 8000 votes and won
123 delegates is not considered by the
bosses. The Republican League's actual
membership of 4200 voters may be in
creased to 10,000 before the general elec
tion next November and perhaps again
doubled before the election for Governor
in 1902. .
Herrin May Be Rehabilitated.
Crlmmins from Kelly and assign the de
tached person to duty under Herrin has
not been carried out. The Indications are
that Herrin will be forced to accept the
conditions prescribed by Kelly. The boss
whose reputation has been appraised In
court as worth $1 holds a commission to
represent the Republicans in the conven
tion. He is in position to punish traitors
in the boss camp. He regards himself as
an orator as well as a boss. A sample or
his oratory was given last September to
an audience of San Francisco statesmen
at B'nai B'rith Hall, buto his few remarks
were too hot for the stenographers to
catch, hence no record of his fervent ora
tory exists. It is said that the big boss
intends to prepare himself for a grand
display of rhetoric in putting in nomina
tion the chairman of the convention. At
the September convention Kelly had too
many things to look after. His .secretary
was slow in seizing and calling the roll.
Guilfoyle hesitated about jumping on the
stage and bulldozing the chairman. Kelly
had to give his personal attention to these
little details of machine politics and at
the same time protect Samuels from Jack
McXamara. None of these tilings will
bother Boss Kelly at the next convention
of the Republican party in San Francisco.
Jack McNamara will not be there to
alarm the orator and deflect the oratory.
Phil Crimmins. in some obscure retreat
near the outside door, will look like "30
cents" compared with his Majesty Martin
Kelly at the head of the sullied statesmen
of the Twenty-eighth on the ground floor
of the convention: Expenses of the hall
could easily be defrayed by selling tickets
enabling people to hear the boss speak.
In order to preserve the eternal fitness
of things the price of a ticket might be
made Jl, to correspond with the judicial
appraisement of Kelly's reputation.
The political manipulators representing
Kelly. Crlmmins, Herrln. Lynch. Jere
1. <rke and the rest of -the bosses are busy
S'V uning the list of delegates to the Re
pu Mean nominating convention. They are
deeply grieved over the reflection that P.
Bergerot and Max Goldberg cannot be
With them in the slate making. The
scheme of the small bops es to detach
Politicians Ready to Begin
the Stale Fight in the
Municipal Election.
Herrin's Vain Attempt
to Break Down the
Kelly Fences.
SLATE MAKING
BY THE BOSSES
STONE IS POSITIVELY IDENTIFIED
AS THE GENTLEMANLY BURGLAR
He Is the Courteous Porch-Climber Who Entered the Residence
of Mrs* Hammond and Held a Reception in Her Bedroom;
AGED MAN ENDS
LIFE OF TORTURE
Samuel Levy, a Retired
Merchant, Victim , of
Suicide.
Strangles Himself to Decth
Because of Despondency
i \ Over. Sickness.
Samuel Levy, a retired merchant, 73
years of age, committed suicide at -his
residence, 1003 Sutter street, last evening
by strangulation. Some months ago the
unfortunate man attempted to kill " him
self by cutting his threat in Jefferson
Square. ; He suffered from asthma and
life had become a burden to him. He im
agined himself a source of annoyance to
his friends and relatives and sought to rid
them of his care by death.
Mr. Levy was engaged in the furniture
business In Cincinnati' for a number of
years and flve years ago came to the Pa
clflc Coast, hoping that the change of cli
mate would benefit his health. Instead of
becoming better he gradually grew worse
and suffered. much from the wasting dis
ease. About three months ago he was
picked up in Jefferson Square, where he
had cut an ugly gash in his threat. He
was sent to the Receiving- Hospital and
begged the surgeons, when he recovered
consciousness, to take the stitches out of
the wound and let him bleed to death.
Upon his recovery he was cared for by
his son, but the incurable malady contin
ued Its torture, and he was carefully
watched to prevent a second attempt upon
his 'life. / . , ¦ •
A few days ago it was arranged that
ho should go to Colorado and railroad
tickets had already been procured for
himself and his aged wife. Last night
when a servant knocked at the door of
his room to bring him his supper he found
his entrance barred. When the door was
forced Mr. Levy was found seated In a
chair with a rope, each end of which was
attached to a bedpost, wrapped around his
neck. He had- slowly strangled himself
to death.
The body was taken to the Morgue by
Deputies Brown and Meehan and an In
quest will be held. Levy leaves a wife
and son, the latter the proprietor' of the
Sutter-street Hotel.
REORGANIZATION OF
VETESANS' HOME BOARD
Popular Concert at the Institution in
Modern Hospital.
Napa County— Designs for
The Legislature at Its last session ap
propriated $25,000 for a modern hospital at
the Veterans' Home, Napa County, Cali
fornia, j The money ¦will be available Jan
uary l next. The directory of the Institu
tion, .in compliance with the law, has in
vited architects to submit designs for a
building. The mission style of architec
ture is preferred.
The board of directors recently reorgan
ized, electing S. W. Backus president and
William J. Ruddick vice president. S. J.
Loop, who served as president for six
years and who was recently appointed to
the board by Governor Gage, declined the
honor of further service as the executive
officer of the directory. George Stone,
who was appointed to succeed James H.
Garrett, qualified and assumed the duties
of office. Mr. Garrett was urged to re
main on the board, but declined reap
pointment. Resolutions testifying the in
stitution's appreciation of Mr. Garrett's
long and excellent service as director
were 1 adopted.
A popular concert under the direction
of Miss Marie Lawler ¦was given at Social
Hall, Veterans' Home, last Saturday
evening. Seven hundred veterans and
many well-known residents of the valley
attended. • In many respects the concert
was the best ever given at the home. The
San Francisco talent consisted of the Co
lonial Quartet— Miss Zena Roberts. Miss
Elsie Arden, Miss Marie Mead and Miss
Isabel Kerr: violin soloist. Miss Elizabeth
L. Kavanagh; banjo soloist, Miss Marie
Lawler; humorist, W. J. Hynes; original
specialties, little Claire Fex; accompan
ists.. Miss Kathryn Madden and Miss Ge
nevieve C. Kavanagh. Every number on
the excellent programme was applauded
and the reception accorded to the artists
was in the nature of an ovation.
Craven Perjury Case Argued.
The appeal of the Attorney General
from the judgment of Judg-e Cook in set
ting aside the indictment in the Craven
perjury case was argued before the Su
preme Court yesterday. In order that con
testants might arrange further details
the case was continued on motion until
next January.
Dr. V. Condory announces that he will
be an independent candidate for Coroner.*
Harry Corbett Returns.
Harry Corbett returned last night from
a three weeks* horseback trip through
Lake County. He stopped at all the note
worthy springs. ' particularly at Harbin,
•where he met Jim Jeffries and Billy De
laney.
12
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1901.
Venis cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date drug-gists sell and guarantee it. *
Raymond Sharp of the San Francisco
Custom-house has been recommended by
Special Treasury Agent Cummings for the
position of examiner of customs at Hono
lulu.- The salary is $2400 per annum. ¦¦•
Eaymond Sharp Recommended.
Adolph Schneegass, a brass ' finisher,
living at 715 Lyon street, attempted I to
commit • suicide yesterday by cutting his
throat and slashing his left wrist with, a
razor. He was taken to the Central
Emergency, Hospital, where Dr. Murphy
attended • to. his wounds. Schneegass is
weak from loss of blood, but -will recover.
He has been .idle for some time on ac
count of the strike. and for. the. past- few
days has been in a despondent frame' of
mind. ' -, . v ' •'
Bra'ss-ITini3her Attempts Suicide.
Miss Harries, a- pretty and vivacious
young lady, told the court that the offen
sive letter was.in the handwriting of the
defendant. Theodore Kykta, handwriting
expert,, r testified that it was not Vail's
handwriting and that, he' could not have
written it, while D. T. Ames, another ex
pert, testified to the contrary.
A large number of clerks employed by
Sanborn & -Vail swore that Vail's reputa
tion was of the best and that the letter
was not in his handwriting. I The exami
nation will be resumed at li o'clock this
morning. "
The preliminary, examination of D. A.
Vail of Los Angeles on the charge of hav
ing written . an V indecent letter to ¦ Miss
Alice Maud Harries of Mill Valley was be
gun yesterday before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock, Joseph C. Camp
bell appearing for the? defendant and
United States Attorney. for
the Government. . ».'•'"" -_v."
Vail Is Begun Before XI. S.
Commissioner Heacock.
Preliminary Examination of D. A.
HANDWRITING EXPERTS
HOLD OPPOSING VIEWS
Rev. W. W. Case ; delivered an interest
ing lecture last- night at the Simpson Me
morial Church to a large and appreciative
audience. , The material" for the lecture
was gathered by the reverend ' speaker
during- his recent visit to Europe. He
took his auditors through the capitals of
the Old World and gave them some inter
esting glimpses of the Holy Land as it. is
to-day. There was a' short musical • pro
gramme before the lecture, to which Miss
Mabel Perkins, Miss Mabel Jones and
Charles ¦ Taylor contributed selections.. • *
Lecture on. the Holy Land.
Stone gave his age as 21, but he looks
four or five years older. He . is broad
shouldered, •: and his ; hands show signs of
hard work. He is a fluent talker and ap
parently has received a good education.
He denies that Stone Is his true name. He
is a • native of New i York and says he
was graduated from the high schol there.
He. left. New York in 1898 and went to
Norfolk. .Va..: . .. .'
"The New York World had two war
correspondents there," he said, "and they
chartered a Norwegian vessel to follow
the flying 'squadron. They engaged me as
stenographer and . typewriter and we fol.
lowed the squadron to Key West,- working
between, the Florida and Cuban coasts for
four months. After that we went to Ha
vana, and on our return to Tampa I was
discharged. "I went. to New Orleans, and
after remaining there; for a few days I
shipped. as quartermaster on a liner for
New York. , I went to a business college
and a few months, later shipped on the
pilot schooner Negus. I sailed around the
Horn, "landing in Seattle In June of last
year. I went to Nome, but not meeting
with much • luck, returned." .Stone was
careful not'«to say anything .'. about his
residence here and defied the detectives
to locate his room, but they expect to dis
cover It sOoh. The police believe that he
Js romancing about-hislife. ! . "
Believe Stone. Is Bomancing.
asked to visit- the prison to see if she
can identify him.
•Stone appeared in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday morning on the- charge of bur
glary for breaking into the Spruance resi
dence and on a charge of having-burg
lars'-tools in his possession. After. being
instructed as to his rights he offered to
plead, guilty to the burglary charge. The
Judge told him that he could- not accept
his plea of guilty on the felony charge and
continued, both -cases • till August 21.
Stone's object -in pleading guilty was evi
dently for the purpose of having the
burglary case disposed of -before the de
tectives could secure ' evidence against
him on other charges. ' . . . " .. . . \
Conger arrived here six weeks ago from
Honolulu, and was regarded as a "high
roller" at the Palace Hotel, where he re
sided. When the publishing company
heard that he was about to leave the city
the order of arrest followed and a com-*
promise was effected by Conger paying
$283 in cash to the company and giving a
note for the balance.
The thought of leaving hte fiancee was
too much for the impatient* swain, how
ever, and the trip was abandoned for an
earlier wedding. Mr.- and Mrs. Conger
will remain in the city for about ten days,
when they will leave for New York, and
thence to Europe, where the balance of
the honeymoon will be spent.
Conger first met his wife about a year
ago while here on a visit. They were not
formally engaged at that time, but it was
understood that they were very fond of
each other and probably would be in the
near future. The present visit served to
bring matters to a climax and It was ar
ranged that the marriage should take
place in the fall, when Conger had re
turned from a trip to China. j
The ceremony was performed later in the
evening by Rev. Dr. Leavitt of the First
Unitarian, Church at the residence of the
bride's parents. None but the immediate
members of the bride's family were pres
ent, as young Conger desired as little dis
play as possible on account of his recent
arrest. After the wedding Mr. and Mrs.
Conger drove to the Palace, where they
secured apartments and then, taking a
hack, started out to enjoy a little supper
together.
After Conger procured his license he
left the County Clerk's office with his
fiancee and a lady and gentleman who
accompanied them.
Conger gave his residence as New York
City and his age as 31. His bride con
fessed to 18 summers and is the daughter
of Henry S. Fitch, bookkeeper for the
Crown -Point Mining Company, residing
at 990 Pine street. The young man bitter
ly railed to "Cupid" Danforth at the
newspapers for. publishing the account of
his arrest at tho instance of the Gilbert
Publishing Company for collecting $523
without authority.
Roy U. Conger, nephew of United States
Minister Conger, who has been having
trouble with his creditors, took out a
marriage license yesterday to wed Miss
Grace M. . Fitch. Young Conger appeared
bef or© "Cupid" Danforth ; with his bride
to-be in a rather jubilant fashion and
answered all the questions generally put
to prospective husbands and wives.
Trouble Over Street-Sweeping.
The Supervisors' Street . Committee met
yesterday to consider the bills submitted
by Gray Brothers for i sweeping the
streets during July. The Board of Super
visors had reduced the bills by $155 be
cause of inferior work. Testimony was
taken with a view to making a further
reduction. Inspector of. Sweepings Dutton
explained how the contractors had omit
ted in their bills a number of other blocks
which he had- rejected. The committee
directed Dutton to present an itemized
statement of the blocks rejected because
they had been improperly swept. The in
vestigation ¦ will be resumed this after
noon. ¦:
Detectives Dinan and Wren discovered
yesterday morning that the suit of clothes
Stone wore when caught bore the addr.ess
of Arthur Callaghan; 2613 Pacific avenue.
Callaghan's house was entered on" the
night of July : i and the suit stolen. Stone
was compelled to doff the suit and was
furnished with some old clothes belonging
to one of the "trusties." He will also.be
charged with the Callaghan burglary. .;
The detectives are satisfied that Stone
is the burglar who entered. the. residence
of Dr. M. F. Bows, 2629 Pacific avenue," ori
the night. of April 21. « The only. person in
the house at the time was the servant
girl, and the Burglar with a revolver in his
hand compelled her to take him to the
rooms where jewelry could be found. 'He
carried away with him a watch and a
gold stick pin. set t with emeralds and dia
monds.' He .was very polite • and assured
the girl that he would, not harm her. She
gave an accurate description of • him at
the time and Stone fits it.;: She will be
Was Wearing Stolen Clothing.
Francis Erbln, the: butler at the Ham
mond residence, who also came under the
observation of the burglar, was taken to
the City Prison yesterday afternoon by
Detectives Dinan ana Wren. Stone was
placed alongside of five other .prisoners
and Erbin failed to identify him. He
seemed too scared to take a good look at
the men. About an hour later Mrs.
Hammond was taken to the" prison" and
she at once picked out Stone. A lady who
accompanied her was bo affected by i the
scene that she burst into tears. Marie
Dake, the maid, also positively identified
Stone later. His identification was made
easy by his right eye, which seems, to
have a film over it. . When Mrs. Hammond
was looking at him his knees ..shook and a
ghastly smile overspread his ' face." Stone
will be charged with that; burglary. ... ;
young man captured after an
I exciting chase Thursday^night'by
I Special Officer Helbush, who dls
il covered him breaking Into the resi
dence of John Spruance at 2504
Jackson street. Is not the notorious ¦"Bill
the borer," but the gentlemanly burglar,
or porch-climber, whose Chesterfleldlan
demeanor at the residence of Mrs. A. B.
Hammond, at 2610 Jackson street, on the
night of July 5 made him famous. > He
was courtesy Itself to Mrs. Hammond and
her daughter, Florence, when detected in
a bedroom, and excited their pity'by tear
fully telling them that he would not- harm
them, as he had a young sister himself.
He got $20 from Mrs. Hammond and was
shown to the door by her maid, Marie
Dake, who. got. a good look at his face
as he removed the handkerchief that he
had used as a mask while speaking to the
ladies. ' • . .
Rev. Dr Leavitt Performs
Ceremony at Home
of the Bride.
NEPHEW CONGER
QUIETLY WEDS
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
GRANULATED Best Cans SUGAR, 20 lbs. $t
Extra Dry- Spreckels Refining.
EASTERN Sugar Cured HAMS, Ib 132c
Every Ham Guaranteed.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, Square- .40c
We handle the Best. Reg. 50c
POINT REYES CREAMERY, Square. . ..35c
Reg. 40c. •
BEST MISSION EGGS, Doz 25c
Gathered Daily. Res. 30c.
Good Cooking Eggs. 20c doz.
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKY, qt. Bof. . . 9Qc
Bottled in Bond. Reg-. $1 15.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, lib. Can... 40c
Rfg. 45c.
POTATOES Choice, Burbanks, Box. . .$1.20
Reg. $1 50.
CHILI SAUCE, Millar's Chicago, Bot. - .20c
Extra Fine. Reg 30c.
WILLOW CREEK WHISKY, Full Quart $1.00
Pep. $1 50; Gallon $3 50: rer. $4 50.
NEW MILD CALIFORNIA CHEESE, Ib.. I21C
Reg. 20c.
PERFECT Bleaching Soap, 15 Bars. . . . 50c
King of all Soaps. Reg. 12 for 50c
HUILE D'OLIVE, Half Gallon Can 95c
Extra Special. Reg. $1 25.
Imported from Genoa, Italy.
TAPIOCA Pearl Flaked SAGO, 5 lbs... 25c
Reg. 3 lbs 23c.
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKY, Gal.... $2.50
Extra Special. Limit 1 gral. Reg. $4 00.
IMPORTED SARDINES, 3 Cans 25c
Flag Brand. Reg. 12%c.
PETITS POIS FRENCH PEAS, Can.... I2lc
Extra Quality. Reg. 20c.
BALTIMORE COVE OYSTERS, 3 Cans. .25c
Pelican Brand. Reg. 12%c can.
LE COURT MUSHROOMS, Can...... 22^c
Imported from prance. Reg. 30c.
MACARONI SPAGHETTI, BOX 20c
Vermicelli. Reg. 23c.
Our Country Customers
Can tak» advantage of these "special" sale*.
We ship free of charge within 100 miles on
all orders exceeding $3. Ask for monthly
price list— free.
'348-IP54 M*rkP>* «str«ot.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 252. Xo Branch Stores.
LOWEST PRICES
g-ygR EflAPE
WALL PAPER.
FIGURED paper 3c pep roll
GILT " 5e , *•• v
EMBOSSED •• lOe ••;
Q. W. CLARK & CO.
;;,.>. 653 Market Street.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD *
CO." European plan. Rooms, 50c to Jl 50 d3y;
$5 to ti week; $3 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire sratea in every
room; «I«vator runs all-night.
Weak Men and Women.
SHOULD USE DASIUNA BITTERS. THtJ
great Mexican remedy; gives health ana
¦trength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 M&rket.
SATURDAY |& JT |J Tr 2 ?!!^© 1 DIP BELTS.
QPJ7PTAT i&Ekggoi fifljl ibgiSf fivlL k^M made of Satin, with 14
OFLvlnL. fdi^BHribS B ft BaSSi H tMl Hr neat tucks, -whalebone
All our .20c fancy na y KM QfiSffV H^j^^^^ __. /<&! riir> Vmr»uios- cMllrxr oil
inpVip*; ' K)jD Bk JP* ~^^0^^^ St^Mk um OVfT $1.00. OUT Said
10c Yard, .ICVlS * 48c *
THIS IS BARGAIN DAY IS
ONE BIG SPECIAL TAKEN FROM EACH.
YOUR MONEY BACK IP PTTO CHASE IS UNSATISFACTORY.
Down Go the Prices of "f YOU MAY WANT A CORSET TO-DAY.
WOJVIKN'^ WAI*£Xi5 If you do « we>d advlso you to'tako ad-
ttt:toH ° .yV./VIO *5^« vantage of to-day's special prices and RE-
WAISTS that were , 75c, : now MEMBER THIS— If you buy a corset from
.... WOW us you can wear same 30 days, if then
WAISTS that were $1.00, now.... Kfk^ -, you don't like it bring It back and we'll
'....;. .• .... Ovv • refund your money. Here's a few prices
WAISTS that were $1.75, now.'... OBCr* - : <>*; to-day's selling:
-. ;... vut special for our regular $1.00 Corset.
SILK WAIST1 that w »r« tr* c* a f Sl.OO special for our regular $1.50 Corset
$5 50 now S3.45 j 1 - 50 s Peclal for our regular.$2.00 Corset
29C - 5 »Sir
•BLlcK 50 - ScERizED-V.-SATEEN \ -^ including . K. &
• .™St f t^?torS^..^.75c' • JUST 2 HOSIERY SPECIALS.
'. Sizes of all waists 33 to 44. Ribbon bar- CHILDREN'S FINE OR HEAVY RIB-
gain, 35c quality. No. 60 fancy corded all BED HOSE, double knee, heel and toe,
•silk wash ribbon, 5 inches wide, on sale ' sizes 5 to 9%, regular 20c. Spe- |Ql/>
, 18c per yard. . .¦ clalprice :Pair 1-68^
WOMEN'S MUSLIN NIGHT GOWNS. We're selling at special price to-day a 50c
; embroidery • trimmed, 65c qual- A f\r> ' quality "WOMEN'S BLACK OK/->*
ity. Special price T^UC LACE HOSE at
•¦ WHITE .CAMBRIC • We Fxpect Big Crowd* at'n U n
• DRESSES, bretelles. neck and sleeves wnMF W»« u/PiDDFR nrDT in n IV
trimmed with embroidery, insertion and VVOMtlM S WKAHPtK UtPI . I O-U \1.
hemBtitching, many trimmed with flne We're selling 85c wrappers at 50c. We're
Valenciennes lace, 75c quality. CJf|/> ¦ also selling wrappers : that other stores
Special price CFVfW consider good value at $1.50. We've
CHILDREN'S FLANNELETTE DRESS- marked them to sell at........ QQ-
ES— All sizes and colors; 50c QK/-» -..- - • .... 'UWV-
quality. Special price -tftOV Come ln n ghti dark and medium shades.
ESPECIALLY CHEAP sizes 32 to «.
'¦ _ - . .. v 1 v. 1 WE BOUGHT A DRUMMER'S SAMPLE
IQf f?r medium or heavy weight. Ions LINE OF WOOL OVERSKIRTS AND
¦** T^Sljeve 8 WOMEN S KNIT UN- DIVIDED THEM INTO TWO LOTS. IN
DERVESTS, worth 3oc. ' • THE FIRST LOT ARE OVERSKIRTS
OA.C t0T CHILDREN'S SELF-FIT- worth, from $2.50 to $4.00. . Your choice
TING GRAY OR ECRU VESTS, of this lot to-day at.! : «I> f TfC
PANTS OR : DRAWERS, sizes 2 to 14 1. ........ «> I • C <t>
years; same ¦ price for any size. Regular IN THE SECOND ¦ LOT ARE - OVER-
price 40c- , . , : SKIRTS worth from $4.50 to $6.00. Your
QKp for our 50c quality INFANTS' ; . choice of these to-day at.. ¦ ¦ fl» Q (\f\
OOC, FLANNEL OR HAND. CROCH- ...:...:....... . ... 8>O«Ul>
-ETED WORSTED JACKETS. • . rrFZ.*-* for choice of our $1.00, $1.25 and
QQ/> for $1.50 quality' HAND CROCH- C OC Jl.50 HEAVY CRASH. DUCK OR
«O^ ETED ALL SILK INFANTS' and COVERT CLOTH OVERSKIRTS. This
CHILDREN'S CAPS. .«-. special price for to-day only.
/Jfir. for 75c quality WOMEN'S SOLID . AOA. for our $1.00 quality ! ACCOR-
-^Tij*mf COLORED -JERSEY FLANNEL ..**OW<- DEON .. PLAITED , CRASH UN-
UNDERSKIRTS, .with deep flounce. .: "•* DERSKIRTS. . . • •
OPEN TO-NIGHT UNTIL II O'CLOCK-
1212-1214 MARKET STREET,
;V^-: ¦ BETWEEN TAYLO3 AND JONES. - , .
__^^ ¦¦•--
i\ eiw^^ Market St., near Sixth, opp. Golden Cat©.
' vw ' there's not only concentration among
'. ' xSw Hale's stores, but a co-operation
> J , N^v among the helpers. The store machinery
> y runs smoothly. There's no wasted energy.
! . ) \Jv NJ He l3 powerful who can make everything he
' , ) . does ' count. So la a store. Each of us have
* •*'.. our particular work to do, the success of
'/ ' ' which lies partly -with the next one doing: his.
' \ < So we help him all we can. And he helps
* | ! us. And we. all work together. It's fine, this
<J'< J »' sight of hundreds cf helpers working together.
i * ' Harmony, that's it.
M Iron=Thread Stockings children.
! } We can't talk about them too often or say too much for them.
i i ' They are really as good a stocking for children as we know of.
j ' and we have been studying stockings for twenty-five years. If
» . | : there are .better stockinss in the market we are where we'd know
; ' about them— and get them. There's hardly a stocking but has
i i , . some good point, but we have not found as many stockings U:at
> ' have as many good points as one from our iron-thread family.
' ' Mothers are just as enthusiastic over them as we are: they say
| s J , , they don't have to buy as many and those they do buy hold their
, ; • shape and look better than what they have been in the habit cf
, ' buying. ' ,•
' i IRON THREAD HOSE 17c PAIR — 150 dozen boys* and sirls'
! < ' , _ extra heavy fast black seamless iron thread hose, hard twisted
; ; ; elastic yarn; extra long, double knees, heels and toesr sizes 6
* • , to 10; sale price 17c pair; 3 pair for 50c.
1 , ' MISSES' HOSE 1 9c— 100 dozen misses' fine ribbed seamless
; ; , fast black hose, lisle thread; medium weight; deep glossy black;
> , ¦ smooth lisle finish; sizes 5% to 9%; very dressy; sale price 19c
; * , pair.
1 INFANTS' HOSE 1JJV2C-60 dozen infants' fine ribbed fast black
. ' seamless cotton hose, smooth finish, medium weight, long and
* ' elastic; sizes 4 to 6; sale price 12%c pair.
; • LADIES' "WOOL HOSE 2«">e— 200 dozen ladles' plain seamless
> ' , wool hose, heavy soft quality, extra long and wide; pearl rib-
' , bed, elastic tops; sizes 8^4 to 10; natural gray and black; sale
i \ . price 25c pair.
n 7 \U I*AI>IES' l:2%e HOSE AT lOc — 1200 pairs go on sale this morn-
Ing; black, medium weight, finely gauged and shaped leg and
f narrowed ankle and foot; two styles— plain or
pearl ribbed, elastic tops; sizes 8% to 10. A
lS'z&c quality to-day and until sold— 10c. \
Hudnut's Perfumery 50c. U^teg-
And Hundut's Is considered by many to be the best. /"// t/
These half-dollar bottles are 1-oz. size; have glass stop- I . . ,
pers. Choose from these: ."' """" :r| "|j"|';'
Essence SWEET ORCH- PEAU DE ESPAGNE-Thc 7)-^^. /
KaSSLeON VIOLET- sIp^PxT^he favor- ™^
Made from Russian vlo- ite of New York's "Four f/G+SS
•3» lets- Hundred " • ## *^V yo>
K+O-OPefl ZANZIBAR LILT— A pow- LILY OF THE VALLEY.' Jlitl'DDI'lliDllliTTTTr'
* r ful and lastln S Per- WHITE IRIS and i r
\d f J2P\ huPttt'* vtot^t %™
.^'¦tZiliZiZZ&y^- \ a farnou3 toilet water, dainty, lasting and most re- +]//?/*£*
\rZ ,, 1 -Jir^l^Vrri:, 0^- bottles, with sprinkler tops— 73c each. % "" % " ••*
LiLUJUlS fr °m the pure flower of Sweet Almonds, and can bo ** -. ,
rr**zr»* ¦ used without fear of injuring the most delicate skin. t^grGTUj'
/aSfll It s I?ut up In neat glass jars with snrinkl?r tors. «*V* cr/ »'*
1 "~~~ . *..,..' FAVORITE TOOTH poWjyRT nper
wwuHHinnimr 25c-The tea shell powder; one which is most gen- //C/OO
' % " al ' y u . s t ed ' and which can't be too highly recommend- *JIH III 1 1 m ¦¦ nuinrnTr
>» « J ed for "a superior aromatic and cleansine qualities. j Z, ' "
r"ZJ Children's Dresses To=Day 50c. Nation
Jg^r' < :WW,rf.'///[rc Percales, trimmed with ruffles and braid over shoul- IV* I
ders. round yoke; sklrt3 are full; colors pink, blue, hello; ' :MFr '""""" 1 ""'
TraVel L*"* 1 *?*^^?* 12 ?; 8 CRASH SUITS-95c They have M0f16t/
S?£J f e t P Sall 1 r . »° llar J !> trimme<i w »h Pique of solid nllZK ¦
I v colored bars; skirt and front made in one piece; the \ DdCii
'wmiWWWJIIIIIIIIIIIff' blouse Is separate; ages 4 to 10-O5c. \^,^ ,. , ,
fHorom Washable Ties 10c. 1%^
fiOSS . Tfcfy ?J*, chlen ?L ln En ?"sh squares, very pretty de- /7/^yo^/c
I signs in Madras. There are a few imperials of white C/C/C/GrO
¦h... ..^ii. :.. .:¦.¦. v pique; quite stylish, quite ir. demand; that's why wp i '
AAi/£>t+ have marked them lOc. We believe in giving yon gooa'-"""""" 1 '' 1 ™ 3 !
AOy&l- thln gs wh en you want them.v .... ' 8 I JJ/^
tiding not'want* t& * """ '•^Eains": were in goods you did J '
S®^\ e4IR j
F of gcod glasses cannot |
Jl fail to benefit your eyes if u
i\ they arc defective in the least. %
u If you read or write a grzat (
jji deal a pair of our glasses \
jj will relieve any strain and \\
\\ prevent wearinrss. Our pat- Jj
jj ent Clip will prevent your o
: glasses from falling off. Q.
! SI 7 KearmSb 5. F. J
vv i - — r"f> i Try — '¦» . »r -f
tr will PAi rou to brinq mis Ad. with ,
you to Qut Store