SAN FRANCISCO, v TUESDAY;^ULYwl6, -1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PEOPLE OF SAN FRANCISCO WELCOME
INCOMING ARMY OF EPWORTH LEAGUE
Continued; *bn -Page [ Four.
?'.'--¦ ¦ ''i$BilE$$.
Continued on Page Four.
The Southern Pacific Company will dis
play pictures of California, giving special
attention to the Maripcsa big trees and
Yosemite Valley. Thi3 booth will . be in
charge of Galen Clark, 80 years of age,
the man who discovered the Mariposa
The Santa Clara County exhibit Is in
charge of J. ¦ C. Spencer -and Dr. L. B.
Smith, "assisted by Miss L. M. Byrd. M1S3
Jessie Hale, J. B. "Worthington and Mrs.
J.. H. Hutchinson. The exhibit is" not
large but will give a meeting place to dele
gates and friends. ¦ »
The Santa Catalina booth, in charge of
F. C. Lathrop. traveling passenger agent
of the "Wilmington : Transportation Com
pany, presents a marine display and also
a fine collection of view3 of Catalina Isl
an<j/ ¦ :;.V#^v
in height. A. "W. Bohall and wife are In
charge, with F..L. Thomson assistant. T.
D. Fetch of the Eureka Chamber of Com
merce is superintending the work. There
is a slab three Inches thick and 6x9 feet
in surface dimensions, cut from tha
I stump, and smaller pieces highly polished.
The Humboldt "Woolen Mills, run by elec
tricity, have a fine exhibit of blankets.
Then there are woodenware, butter, con-»
densed milk, mineral water and some ani
mals that have been killed In the county.
The display is surrounded by four booths,
all in ted, which helps to carry out tha
redwood idea.
and mineral, and other products of the
county.
San Joaquin County Display.
On the left Is the display of the Stockton
Chamber of Commerce. It is under the
supervision of J. M. Kile, James A. Barr
and F. H. Meyer. There is a large display
of fresh" fruits, bricquets, pottery, blan
kets, mine" and agricultural photos and In
dian curios. There will be received daily
consignments of fresh fruit3 for free dis
tribution. This does not include water
melons, for which the committee apolo
gizes. . .
.. The Fresno County exhibit is the second
one on the right side and consists entirely
of boxes and packages of raisins. S. E.
BWdell, vice president of the Raisin
Growers' Association, installed this dis
play, and Mrs. E. W. Biesy will be as
sisted in giving away 10,000 cartons of
seeded- raisins by. two handsome young
lady leaguers from Fresno.
-The Cured Fruit Association of San Jose
Is on the opposite sid,e, of the aisle, next to
the San Joaquln' County exhibit. It Is
decorated in green . and white. The sign
is/macTe of prunes, as is (the entire ex
hibit." "WV P. . Cragin is manager and he
will, run^a' cooking. school and free lunch
in the machinery annex. -, -.
.•f: Humboldt Sends a Stump.
,'At this' point in the "aisle the Humboldt
Courityexhiblt stops the visitor, as it Is
right- in'the centerof. the aisle." Itcon
sists of a huge redwood stump fifteen feet
• The Napa County exhibit is the first on
the" right. Mrs." B.E. Smith- is in charge
and will be assisted by; T.:B. Hutchinson,
Mrs. William\ McDougalir Misses ' \ Grace
Grlgsby,' Dora Carter and Harold ; Holden.
It is decorated- In- sliver gray- and scarlet,
.with gray.moss from oak trees. There will
be a display, of fruits,' oils, both vegetable
This' is an entirely new idea in con
nection with conventions of ,thls nature
and will be one of the most interesting
and instructive features to the Eastern
people, -Inasmuch as there have been
grouped' together in the various booths the
products of the State and the visitors' will
be able to obtain an idea of the resources
and -industries Vof California, The ; main
entrance will be transformed into a gar
den. The stairs 'to .the right, of the main
entrance lead directly . Into this garden
of ; tropical '. plants. On: the, right," as the
ascent is made, a/large garden scene
loaned by Mr.' Mor'risey of the; Orpheum.
Fifty potted; palms are' the donation of
Superintendent McLaren', of ;. the Golden
Gate Park. ' The entrance, to the .double
row of exhibits is throiigh'a beautiful old
mission ; made".of greens. 1 , : .' \:
, Mechanics' Pavilion; in charge of
¦William McMurray/ chairman 'of the Pa
cific Coast products exhibit committee,
and J. E. McDowell, superintendent.
T IIS ' morning the , Pacific; Coast
county product . exhibit in connec
tion .with the Epworth League
Convention . will ! open formally in
. the, '.Grove-street" gallery , of [, the
Magnificent; Displays of the J^esources of California Form
|f an Educational Feature of the Great Gathering Which
Will Be of Value to the Industries of This State
SAN* FRANCISCO bids a fervent
welcome to the thousands of Ep-
worth Leaguers who are already
within the city's gates and to
the 20,000 more who will arrive
here to-day and to-morrow. The
hospitality of the metropolis of the
Tacific Coast. ,so often tested in the
past ar.d never ¦ found wanting, will be
*xtended with cordial warmth by every
citizen, -irrespective of nationality or
creed, to the travel-stained representa-
tives of the ndblest order connected with
Method'sm In. America.
The people of San Francisco will take
celight In extending the hand, of fellow-
Fhip to their visitors from the sun-baked
East. That their visit hither, will not fail
to be of advantage in a personal as well
es educational sense is a self-evident con-
ciusion. Twenty thousand people, few of
r.-hom have ever experienced the delights
cf a California summer, must by the law.
of contrast inevitably'conclude that there
If only one State In the Union worth liv-
ing in. and that State California'.' During
the stay of the clty'p visitors every citi-
zen will constitute himself a committee
of one to assist-in-the general welcome
and to do all in his power to render the
etay of the strangers among us a contih-
ued delight.
Trains Every Half Hour. ::l$pi
Commencing at 3 o'clock this morning,
special Epworth trains began arriving
every half hour from Ogden. Several par-
ties arrived yesterday, but they were at-
tached to regular trains, and there wero
comparatively few leaguers aboard: The
Wisconsin delegation, which left Ogden
at 3 p. m. on Sunday, was due to'arrive
at midnight last night, but'owing to the
congestion of traffic the special wlllnot
reach here until about 9 o'clock this
morning. All of the trains are several
hours late, owing to the tremendous trav
ei, and no calculations as to the arrival
of any particular party.can safely, be re
lied upon. The time schedule was adhered
to as much as possible by the railway offi-
Clai s# but the safety of the parties en
route frequently demanded radical
changes in time/cards. "The result has
been delays more or less vexatious to
friends of the travelers in this city, but
in a rush like the one with which the
railway companies are now coping safety
rather than promptness has been the chief
desideratum. ¦ • •
The special bearing the Los Angeles-sec
tlon of the great chorus arrived in the
city over the coast-route shortly after 1
o'clock this morning. The party, num
bering 750 persons, was greeted at the Va
lencla-street station by a reception com
mittee of twenty-two members under
charge of Miss. Rosina Treadwell. At
10:35 yesterday morning a party ofitwenty
leaguers from the southern ¦ part of the
"State was met at the same place and-es
corted to the Pavilion, where quarters for
the visitors were secured,
: Pennsylvania Delegation,
The Pennsylvania delegation;will arrive
Preparations for Their Reception and Entertainment
Finally Completed by: the Local -Committees and All
Is in Readiness :for Opening of the -Great Convention
in the city early this morning. The party
travels In fine style, its train consisting
of twelve Pullmans, two diners and two
baggage cars, the latter being fitted with
commissaries. There are 240 people in the
party, with W. A/Gillispie of Philadelphia
in chargel Rev. Dr. Brown of Philadel
phia Is' chairman of the excursion com
mittee, and among the other leaders
aboard are Rev. George W. Stevens of
Lewlstown, Pa.; Rev. Appleton Bash of
Beaver, Pa. ; R'ev. Jackson of Philadelphia,
Rev. Nichols of Mariton, N. J., and
Chaplain Tribeau of the United States
navy. Nearly all of th* party are from
various points in Pennsylvania, with a
few from Maryland and Ohio.
The party will be given a reception at
the First Methodist Episcopal Church to
morrow evening. After the convention
they will go to Southern California, thence
north by the Shasta route to Portland and
take In the Yellowstone Park en route
home. The. entire trip will occupy forty
three days. Two days were spent at Den
ver and two at Manitou, Colo.
Some 3000 delegates to the convention
will arrive from Portland this morning.
The leaguers were due to arrive here last
night, but a delay occurred near; Shasta
which necessitated a halt of several hours.
The Northern leaguers bqre the delay
with commendable resignation.
The' nave of the ferry ' ." building' was
Illuminated all of last night for the benent
of the visitors arriving In the' early morn-
ARRANGEMENTS FOR COUNTY EXHIBITS
AT PAVILION ARE FULLY COMPLETED
TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND VISITORS
SCHEDULED TO ARRIVE HERE TO-DAY
desirous of securing Information as to 'the
arrival of delegations during to-day,' and
to-morrow. ... '. ¦ ; • . . ""
Harvey I* Burchell, State secretary of
the Epwbrth League of ¦ the Methodist
Episcopal Church South, arrived in the
,city from.Gllroy and was given
an - honorary position on . the . reception
committee. ; •
Miss Lulu Shelton, second vice president
of the . Epworth League, Methodist Epis- j
copal Church South, came up from Gll
roy yesterday and was accorded a place
on the Jocal. reception; cojnmittee. ¦ .....
- R. . K. "Wilson , of the Alabama delega
tion wired the general committee from
Terrace, Utah,- at 11 a. m. ' yesterday to
have, sixty " badges bearing the ; name
"Alabama" printed and forwarded to his
party'.at Sixteenth street so that the dele
gation . might 'enter. -the V city with ; colors
f.ylng. v ; The badges will be in the' hands of
the delegation, at 1 the desired time. 1
Chairman: Charles H. J. Truman of. the
entertainment committee has' made anew
arrangement of his committee, by. which
it is expected . to secure more' satisfactory
services during the rush of ito-day and'to
morrow.'^ The duty.' of this committee is to
provide rooms, meals i and ¦ other . accom- ,
modations for strangers 'applying for the
same. ' . ¦ .¦ ..L'. ./.,,. , '..¦ .'.'.
Three Shifts of Assistants. ; %
Commencing yesterday ; morning three
shifts of assistants were placed on duty.
The first began at" 6:30 aim., the second
at 12:30 p. m. and the third at 6:30 p. m.
The members 'always on duty are Chair j
man Truman, J. K. "White, Max-Baruth,
¦ Earl L. Eavey, R. G. Hudson and Fred '
C. Patterson.
The* members of the shifts are the fol
lowing named: v - - .
First shift— Emily L. Bean, William L* Court
right, Marion E.Dawson. Alice Fluhr, Jennie
Gunn, Mrs. F. N. Hubbell, Miss May, Isaacs.
Arthur McPherson,. Lawrence Nelson, . G. G.
Nusworth, William Wood, E.' M.'Rolston'.
Emma Robinson; iG.Sheperd, Emma Salter, ¦
Winifred L. Woodruff and James Wood. -.
Second Ehlf t— Lina . B. Banks, lula 'May
Beard, Lacy L. Candill, May .F. Cook, E. • J.
Dornin, Hulda Heuer and Alice Theuerkauf. •
Third shift— Harry. Burke, .William T. Belvel, -
Dr. W.' J. Bauer, James Irving; 'Elma Jeftress, |
Mrs. Emma • L.. Jenkins,' Fred M. Morcom, F.
W. Mosher,' F. • A. Rounds, George T. Shaw, W. '
A. Smith, John Looker and Samuel" G. Thomp
son. '; .. ' :'. •' ¦ •' . ; :
A reserve force \ for .'special reception'
work has been placed', on duty. . Those'
composing.. the committee are -the follow
ing named:'
. Miss R. Anderson, Miss Ayery, Harry Banks,'
Grace Bf dgood,' Hattle Brown. Emily Bone, •. Dr. '
Chamlee, Irving" S.' .Crocker, Miss Delano, Alice :
. A.' Davis, Miss Deane,"- Miss Llda.Erlccson, ;P.' :
C. Fish. Mrs, GreenwalC Miss M. : 'A. Grant,
Miss Hulda Heuer,. Miss Lena Hanson, Miss M.
VOLUME XC— NO. 46.
The San Francisco Call
ing. The reception committee • was : on
hand throughout the night and each mem
ber was assiduous In the discharge of his
duties. : ' ".• ' .'.*;;'
Telephone at Ferry Quarters.*
For the benent ; of those having business
with the ferry division of the- reception
committee a telephone has been placed in
position. The number is Bush • 541. This
will be glad tidings to persons .who-- are
BAGGAGE MEN, DECORATORS AND
COMMITTEE WORKERS FIND THIS
A BUST. SEASON. T '¦ ¦and his brother, the Duke of Connaught,
was elected grand master in his stead.
The Duke accepted, and in his letter
pledged himself to use his best energies
and abilities in promoting its Interests.
King. Edward became a Mason in 1S68,
and, curiously enough, was initiated at
Stockholm by the King of Sweden. Seven
years later he "was elected grand master
of England, a position which George IV
once held. The ceremony of his installa-
GRAND MASTER AND PROTECTOR
OF THE FREEMASONS 'OF ENG
\LAND.'
German army officers have grown sensi
tive. The Berlin Guards regiments have
tabooed the weekly Die "Woche on account
of a tale by Ernst Wlchert.in which some
of the officers* misdeeds are related.
BUTTE, Mont., July 15.— Mose La Fon
tise of Butte was given the decision over
Dave Barry of Canada in a twenty-round
go here to-night. La Fontise was the ag
grressor almost entirely throughout the
fight and kept playing for Barry's face
In the preliminaries Jack "Wade of Salt
Lake knocked out Jimmy Daly- of San
Francisco in two minutes.
Jimmy Daly Knocked Out.
NETW YORK, July 15.— All the previous
indoor cycling records from otfe mile to
fifteen miles were smashed by Will Stin
son of Cambridge, Mass., on the ten-lap
track in Madison Square Garden to-night.
Stinson met Johnny Nelson of Chioa?o in,
a 15-mile motor-paced race, and frotfi be
ginning to end rode at break-neck speed
and finally beat Nelson by about 675 yards.
Stinson's time was 25:42 2-5.
Stinson Breaks Cycling 1 Hecords.
Announcements will be made by the
bankers as soon as possible, being delayed
only by the fact that no definite predic
tion can be made regarding- the affairs
of corporations. Stockholders 'necessarily
must vote on recommendations made by
the large holders. James J. Hill left last
night for St. Paul.
Such progress has been made at these
conferences as to warrant the assertion
that the boards of directors of the sev
eral Important railroads controlled by the
two factions to the Northern Pacific con
troversy have been -agreed upon tenta
tively.
Conferences again were held yesterflay
between the big interests In these prop
erties.
NEW TORE, July 13^-Th© Press to
morrow will say: It. developed yesterday
that J. P. Morgan & Co. will have a rep
resentative on the Union Pacific board of
directors In the person of Koswell driller,
chairman of the board of directors of the
St. Paul, who resigned, from the Union
Pacific board, bat who will be reinstated;
the Kuhn, Loeb-Harriman-Oould faction
will have a representative on the'North
ern Pacific board, and Ed Adams, it 13
expected, will be retired in the reorgani
zation of the management of that prop
erty, but the composition- of the new
board will be under the direction of J. P.
Morgan, James J. Hill and their asso
ciates. W. K. Vanderbilt will be elected.
a Northern" Pacific director. .-«• ¦-. ¦ — -
Pacific
Directorate for the Northern
Morgan, TT1U and Others Patch. TJj>
BTVAL BATLSOAD
• HTFKKESTS ASS XTmXED
Near Leavenworth, Kans., on his farm
last night Oliver S. Hiatt. a well-known
Kansas politician, died from the effects of
the heat.
1 The rains which came at the end of a
drought of from four to eight weeks' du
ration covered Southwestern Missouri and
portions of Kansas, taking in the i south
eastern corner of the Sunflower State,
from Riley and Dickinson counties down
to .the Oklahoma line. The first break
came last night, when fairly good rains
fell in Barton and Green counties. Missouri,
and on the Oklahoma border in Kansas.
In Cowley and Chautauqua counties and
along the Union Pacific Railway In Riley
County. These iains, while good, were not
sufficient to put the burned crops out of
danger. This meming a heavy rain fell
In the vicinity of Joplin, Mo., and travel
ing west covered portions of Montgomery,
Butler and Sedgwlck counties, .Kansas.
Around Joplin there was a heavy fall for
ten minutes. At 1:30 o'clock a . soaking
rain fell in Cherokee County, across the
line In Kansas, preceded by hall, benefit
ing pastures and small grains Immensely.
During the afternoon a heavy rain fell
in the vicinity of Cotfeyville. Kldorado
and "Wichita, Kans. At Coffeyvllle the
people held a JUDilee on the streets during
tho rain. Two cour.ties west from Kansas
City, in Jefferson County.' Kansas, a lull
inch of rain Tell this afternoon, wnile in
Kansas City a temperature, of 101 pre
vailed and hardly a cloud was visible.
In Kansas City to-day Mrs. Martha C.
Mullett, wife of a prominent business
man. died of heat prostration, and Ed
ward B. Shilllto, contracting agent for the
Traders" Dispatch fast freight line,- was
overcome and taken to his home In a crit
ical condition.
KANSAS CITY, July 15.— A portion of
the drought-stricken Southwest has been
relieved by rain during the past twenty
four hours. Great good has already re
sulted to the crops, and as there are pros
pects to-night of a further downfall it is
believed that thousands upon thou
sands of - dollars will be saved
to farmers en stock and crops.
Nevertheless, much greater quan
tities of rain must come before a lasting
benefit is done. In the portions of Central
and "Western Missouri, "Western Kansas
and the Territories still untouched by
rain conditions remain unchanged, the
temperature racking from 98 to 106, the
latter at Hutchinson. Kans. ;'
Rain Palls in Portions of
Drought-Stricken
.Territory.
j — - —
Thousands of Dollars Will
Now Be Saved to the
Farmers.
CROP PROSPECTS
GROW BRIGHTER
..LONDON., July 16.— "More than .100 per
sons,- including .troops arid, police, were
wounded to-day (Monday) in. anencounter
at Lemberg," says the Vienna corrgspond
ent of the Daily Express, "growing out of
an attempt by the police to stop street
parades held in '-.a demonstration. on be
half of the unemployed: -The mob threw
up barricades aVid defied the police. Troops
were called in- and charged again and
again, using- bayonets' and bullets.- Ulti
mately the' demonstrators were dislodged.
Lemberg j is 'strongly guarded by. troops,
but it is reported that the mob is prepar
ing "for another;nght during the night."-
Santa Fe Secures Restraining Order.
EMPORIA, : Kans., July 15.— The . Atchi
son Railroad- Company has filed a suit in
the District Court here to restrain the
Kansas City, Mexico and Orient road from
crossing its tracks at .this place. The
Santa Pe claims that it owns the lots the
Orient wishes to cross on, and that if.the
Orient engineers were : permitted, to go
ahead with their plans the business of the
Santa Fe: would be seriously crippled.
Judge Madden granted a temporary re
straining order and- set "August- 1 as the
date for the hearing.
\ Better Postal Service for Alaska.
• WASHINGTON, July 15.— The .Postof
flce Department' has contracted for an in
crease of. the postal service in Alaska that
will provide quicker time between Seattle
and i Circle .City and intermediate j points
and furnish a direct steamboat service to
Sltka. -.The new contract calls -for an ad
ditional , round trip. every month between
Seattle and Circle. City via : Sitka and
Valdes ¦ and - the all-American- overland
route. .: The schedule I time is shorter ; than
ever, before. The contract runs from Oc
tober T to June 30. (
:•¦¦':;• :.¦-¦-¦ ¦
Serious Fight Follows an Attempt to
P .\ Prevent a. Parade: of the Un
'¦' •" ' ¦ • • .¦•¦'. employed. ; ' ; -
POLICE AND SOLDIERS
. ATTACKED BY A MOB
Will Hake Awards in September.
BUFFALO, July 15.— Awards for exhib
its at the Pan-American Exposition will
be announced in September. Heber M.
Wells.' Governor of Utah, and his bride
arrived here to-day, unheralded" and un
attended. Governor and Mrs. Wells spent
the day at the exposition;
Best Routes to the Yo semite Valley
Are via the Southern Pacific.
Choice of three old-established stage
routes, with largest and best equipment.
Big tree groves en route. Rates low as
any. with or without hotel or camp ac
commodations en route and in valley. Full
information and literature 613 Market
street and Mechanics' Pavilion;
- WASHINGTON, July 15.— Telegrams re
celved by the Interior Department to-day
from Assistant Commissioner Richards of
the General Land Office, who is at El Reno
supervising the arrangements for ! opening
the, lands, represent that , everything Js
proceeding in an orderly, and expeditious
manner. The total registrations Saturday,
as officially 'reported, were 27,839 at both
El. Reno and Fort Sill. No ¦ unregistered
people : were at El Reno Saturday night
desiring registration.
¦ RIO JANEIRO, July 15.— The Brazilian
Chamber of Deputies to-day confirmed the
report of the committee appointed to con
sider ¦ the case of Rear Admiral Mello,
which was handed to : the . Chamber July
12, .and in which the accusations against
the admiral were declared to be without
foundation. The Chamber of Deputies de
cided that Admiral I Mello's accusations
against President ; Salles: of Brazil by
which the officer, attempted' to Justify his
own conduct at the tjtne of his arrest last
April were groundless.
¦ . . ¦ ¦ » \f 7 - ¦ ' ..
Rush for New Lands.
Admiral Mello Cleared.
Severely Arraigns His "Predecessor.
WAbHINGTON, July 15.— Major T. C. ,
Andrews, superintendent of the Sequoia
and General Grant National Park, in his'
.annual report, severely arraigns the ad
ministration of the . park by his prede
cessor. He charges that the roa.ds were,
improperly constructed and says there is
more fallen timber In the park this year
than is us"ual in . five years. It is recom
mended that hereafter the Interior Def
partment send an officer to the park, ir
respective of his army command, to or
ganize, and start the road-making before
the dry season has made the roads hard..
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., 1 July, 15.— The
twelfth annual meeting of the Trans-Mis
sissippi Congress will open here to-mor
row. About 1000 delegates- from j every
Western State and Territory as well us
Hawaii and Alaska will be in attendance.
Six hundred delegates are already in the
city. The congress will close on Friday,
and on Saturday the delegates will be
taken on excursions over the' State.
Among those attending will be the Gov
ernors of Kansas, Nebraska, Minnesota,
Idaho, Arizona and Oklahoma. The list
of delegates includes many others of na
tional reputation. ¦ Many matters of im
portance to the West will be considered.
The Interstate Mississippi River Asso
ciation will also meet here during the
week. • ¦/, . \ ¦¦•.¦¦::¦.¦ . . .•¦•.-•.
nual Meeting of -the ; Trans-
Mississippi Congress. .
Large Attendance Expected . at .An-
DELEGATES ARRIVING
AT CRIPPLE CREEK
Them.
PHILADELPHIA, July 15.— Under the
provisions of the will. of Lewis Elkin, who
w'as. well known in. financial circles," as
admitted to probate to-day, the bulk of
his $2,000,000 fortune is left in trust to
create a fund for the benefit of disabled
female teachers who have taught in the
public schools of the city for a period of
twenty-five years and- have no means of
support. The testator was a member of
the Board of Education. ; The beneficiaries
of the fund are to receive an annuity of
$400 a year.
Prairie Fire Does Great Damage.
LARNED, Kans., July 15.— A prairie fire
which started eighteeh miles north of this
place burned over a v large area of coun
try yesterday afternoon and destroyed
over 40,000 bushels of wheat in the stack.
Frank Junod r « from whose threshing en
gine the fire started, in his endeavors to
put it out, inhaled the flames and ia re
ported dying. The residence and barn of
Henry Hanhart and the residente and
barn of Mrs. . Julius Rhirter were com
pletely destroyed with their contents.
Some stock and many tons of hay, were
also, burned. - ¦ y .;.-
Railroad Men in Convention.
DENVER, July ' 15.— The .Transconti
nental Passenger Association will convene
to-morrow at Glenwood Springs. Most of
the "Western roads will be^represented. It
is rumored that attempts will be made to
bring to account certain lines that are
charged with having violated agreements
in the matter Eoworth- League busi
ness. The que^lon of establishing- a mile
age bureau in connection with the asso
ciation will be considered.
. ' .. ¦ ,¦¦';£ - > ¦' : \ .
Tornado Scatters Lumber.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, .July 15.— A ter
rific storm struck the Pleasanf Point dis
trict en Carbcrry Plains Sunday \ night,
doing $100,000 damage to crops and farm
buildings.* At Rat Portage and Norman
a tornado scattered lumber in all direc
tions and damaged the big mills. Austin
Mclnnis was killed by lightning near
Boissevan. . , ." _ :¦• .
¦- » . ¦ •
Pugh Is Seriously 111.
WASHINGTON, July 15.-Ex-Senator
Pugh of "Alabama is seriously ill • at his
home in .this city with liver trouble; Sat
urday night the Senator,- was in an ex
tremely critical condition, but . he rallied
and to-day his condition was slightly
more favorable. . His advanced age, , over
SO years, is 'against him.
Would Buy Up Glass Works.
BRUSSELS. July 15.— La Gazette says
it'is reported at Mons that -an American
manufacturer has proposed to buy up all
the Belgian glass ¦ works. .
Large Estate of Lewis Elkin Will Be
Held in Ttust for /
LEAVES BUXK OF FORTUNE
TO DISABLED TEACHERS
• "To further mark my personal belief as
to this matter, I have arranged that the
trustees may receive ¦ funds* -f roni others
to be administered along with mydona
tlon. I believe this to -be -a valuable
clause, since my experience with young
men indicates that men are glad of the
opportunity later in life " to repay ad
vances thus received, although these are
free gifts. I hope the trustees will gladly
receive any such- contributions and that
this will foster the spirit of manly inde
pendence so dear to the Scot." <
"Although the dividends on the stocks
will not be available until autumn," says
Carnegie, In the course of the communi
cation, "I have made arrangements for
the payment of scholars' fees from the
beginning of the next university term. I
believe the conditions of the gift insure
a sufficient standard of merit and I hope
the honest pride by which my country
men are distinguished will prevent claims
from those who do not need assistance.'.
EDINBURGH, July 15.-The first meet
ing of the trustees of the Carnegie fund
was held in Edinburgh to-day. Lord El
gin, who presided, read a letter from An
c.rew Carnegie announcing that he had
signed the deed placing $10,000,000 at the
disposal of the trustees. ' „. •
Meeting of Trustees of
the Scotch University J
• . Fund. .
CARNEGIE SIGNS
THE GIFT DEED
William Day of Parkersburg. engineer
of the loose engine, was fatally injured
and will probably die before morning.
PARKBRSBURG. W. Va., July 15.— Two
persons were, killed outright, one. fatally
injured' and 1 several others, less | seriously
hurt in "taVhead-end collision .on* the Ohio
River Railroad at Padens Valley to-night^
The Ohio Valley expression the way from
Cincinnati to Pittsburg, was run into at
fulhspeed by a loose engine, southbound,
arid both engines .were almost demolished.-
The dead':- : ' - '"" ' ¦
Eigineer Al Courtright of the Ohio Val
ley express of .Whe'eling, W. Va,
William Boothby, fireman, of Parkers
burg. ,\
The two v engines are reported to be
burled in the quicksand in the river. The
local freight was i to have sidetracked at
Wymark to let the other freight pass, but
the conductor made a mistake in reading
his orders. " ¦' '".-.¦ ' r
as.wellas the cars.
, The collision occurred on a bridge over
the. Arkansas River.' There is a sharp
curve, near the bridge and when the en
gineers, saw- the. danger : the engines were
too close. to each other to be stopped. The
two engines came' together in the middle
of the brldge/j.the ..bridge collapsed and
both engines fell -Into the river. The two
trains caught fire after the engines went
into the river, and burned the' bridge
The injured:- 'Joe Massey, terribly
crushed and injured- internally, death ex
pected any moment;. Joe O'Brien, Parsons,
badly cut about head and leg broken;
KIHarhey, fireman, 'Parsons, chest crushed
and head cut..-..*' .--.«. -
ilPARSONS.^Kas., .July.. 15.— A. head-on
collision between" two local freight trains
cjn 'the Missouri.. Kansas and Texas Rail
road hear Wymark, I. ; T., killed. five. men
and three others were probably fatally in
jured. The dead:
.". Joe" Morris," Parsons." •
X'Two, unknown tramps. . . , . . -"
James Lev.elle./head brakeman, Parsons.
'Frank Fitzgerald, head brakeman.t
THIS COLLIDE
ON LONG BRIDGE
¦ Men^i . Are -Killed
Three Fatally
y
:. KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 15.— A letter
received here from a prominent merchant
in Cartagena, Colombia, reports a serious
outbreak among the Colombian troops In
the outskirts of that city last week.
The soldiers were dissatisfied and
threatened to desert. Monday they at
tempted to break out from their barracks
and attacked their guards. A bitter fight
followed, In which seven of the guards
were killed and several wounded on both
sides. This letter further says a large
number of mutineers have escaped and
it is expected they will rejoin the rebels
and that the indications are that the
revolution will continue longer and with
renewed energy on. the part of the pres
ent Liberals.
Another letter received by Clarence,
the refugee chief of the Mosquito Indians,
reports a collision a fortnight ago be
tween Nicaraguan soldiers and Mosquito
Indians at Halover, in which one Indian
and three soldiers were killed. The sol
diers > withdrew, leaving three wounded
behind them.-
Break Prom the Barracks
and Make Attack on
the Guards.
SERIOUS FIGHT
AMONG TROOPS
tion took place at Albert Hall with great
formality and magnificence, and the beau-
throne in which George IV had been
installed was used on that occasion. The
King has presided at many notable Ma
sonic events, and has invariably encour
aged the use of the Masonic ritual In lay
ing cornerstones and other public func
tions. _ ¦ . „ ¦ • •
as .when the Prince of "Wales was placed
on the throne' of the Grand Lodge ;by.
John Fawcett of the province of Durham,
and it will be conducted atAlbert Hall-ln
the presence of 10,000 Masons, who are
either masfers or wardens of a lodge or
members' of -a past or- present* Grand
Lodge. ¦ *..-¦¦... ..,.'/
An American Company . to • Control
Two Public Utilities in .
, Mexico. • ¦ : ¦ - -
AUSTIN, Tex., July 15.-A dispatch from
Monterey, Mex., says a movement is on
foot looking to the purchase by an Amer
ican company of all the street, railway
systems and electric light plants of ali
large cities of Mexico outside of the City
of Mexico. They include : those of Monte
rey; Guadalajara, Guanajuato, Chihua
hua, San Luis Potosi, Saltlllo, Puebla and
Torreon.
A. H. Beach of New York is said to be
at the head of the company, which will
have a capital stock of several" millions of
dollars. Options have already been ob
tained on some of the electric light plants
and street railway systems by represen
tatives of Beach.
Police Disperse the unemployed.
LEMBURG, Galacla, July 15.— Mobs of
the unemployed surrounded the v Govern
ment Labor j Bureau to-day, demanding
work. • They were dispersed by the police
after several arrests had been made.
BITTING STREET RAILWAY.
AND. LIGHTING SYSTEMS
Fifteen Men Killed and Many
Wounded During a Fight With '
Rifles in a Railroad Camp!
HEREFORD. Tex., . July 15.— Word
reached this place to-day of a regular
pitched battle and wholesale killing be
tween Mexicans and negroes who are
working on the new Rock Island exten
sion In New Mexico, one hundred miles
west of»here. The trouble originated In
the killing of a Mexican by a negro some
weeks since. The authorities undertook
to arrest the assailant, but his friends in
terfered and they were obliged to with
draw. Last week some thirty-five : or
forty Mexicans armed themselves with
Winchesters and went after the negro. A
battle took place, in which fifteen negroes
were killed outright and Beveral wounded.
The casualties among the Mexicans can
not be learned. The trouble occurred at
Spencer's railroad camp, near Liberty, N.
Mex.. in a sparsely settled portion of the
Territory, where the peace officers .are
few and the law is not rigidly enforced.
Jack" Davis.
BOISE, Idaho, July 15.— The State Board
of Pardons to-day unanimously decided
to commute the sentence of "Diamond
Field Jack" Davis to imprisonment for
life. Davis was tender sentence to hang
on next >Wednesday for the murder of
two sheepmen in Cassia County in Feb
ruary, 1S96. \The case, one of the most
celebrated in the history of the West, has
been before alf the tribunals in regular
order, from the District Court of Cassia
County to the Supreme Court of the
United States. Davis was convicted in.
April. 1S97, *and sentenced to.be hanged.
In 1S98, when the case was before the
Board of Pardons, J. E. Bower and Jeff
Gray confessed to having committed the
crime, saying it was done in self-defense.
Upon the theory that they were telling
the truth Davis' attorneys struggled hard
for the pardon of their client. Gray was
tried for the crime and acquitted.
The great Sparks-Harrold Cattle Com
pany has backed the defense throughout.
PITCHED BATTLE BETWEEN"
MEXICANS AND NEGROES
Board of Pardons Finally Saves the
• Neck of "Diamond Field
DEATH SENTENCE COJOETJTED
TO LIFE IMPRISONMENT
was made In the United States Circuit
Court to-day by E. R. Richardson, one of
the underlying bondholders of the Nash
ville Railway, which recently went Into
the hands of a receiver, asking that he be
allowed to intervene In the'ease of the
Baltimore Trust and Guarantee Company
vs. the Nashville Railway. The litiga
tion involves over $9,000,000, and the peti
tion seeks to compel the Baltimore Trust
Company, under a mortgage for a $6,500,
000 issue of bonds, to pay Into the treas
ury of the Nashville Railway $1,792,000,
which is alleged to have been paid by a
syndicate for the constituent lines of the
Nashville Railway before its consolida
tion. . .-¦ : *
It is charged that the Baltimore Trust
Company advanced the money to pay for
the stock and it recouped itself out of the
proceeds of the bond sale.
The petition prays for judgment against
the Baltimore Trust and Guarantee Com
pany for the amount of the original stock
subscriptions and the proceeds of> the
bonds, aggregating $9,000,000.
Ask Permission to Intervene in Suit
Against the Insolvent Nash-
Nrille Railway.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., July 15.— A motion
BONDHOLDEBS ANXIOUS
TO TAKE HAND IN FIGHT
All the men of the royal family of Eng
land are Freemasons, and several of them
ha- 2 held high rank in that order. The
latt jueen was a friendly patron of the
era:! and during her last jubilee gave a
special audience to representatives of the
Masonic order, at which Lord Amherst
addressed her as "the daughter of a
Freemason, .the mother of Freemasons
and the patron and benefactress- of our
order." For twenty-seven years King Ed
ward was "most worshipful grand master
of the Ancient. Free and Accepted Ma-
Bons of England." and when upon his ac
cession^to the throne he was obliged to
relinquish that honor he assumed the title
of "Protector of English Freemasons,"
4
Two French gunboats and one Japanese
war vessel at qnce repaired to the island.
The island, though quite large and oc
cupying a most commanding position,
possesses no harbors or places of ¦ safe
anchorage. This fact probably accounts
for its long immunity from foreign ag
gression.
It will be difficult, if not impossible, for
the Korean Government, to put down the
rebellion ; without foreign assistance. It
is not improbable that, the Incident may
lead to foreign intervention. S As Japan
and Russia have engaged to refrain from
interference in the internal affairs of
Korea, it is apparent that the trouble Of
the island of Quelpart may become a
serious source of international contro
versy. .
Allen quotes Captain Mornay of .the
French grunboat Surprise, which returned
early in June from • Quelpart. Captain
Mornay found the two French . priests
whom he went to succor besieged in tne
chief town of the island. The captain
estimated the number of those killed in
various conflicts at 600. The Korean
Government sent 200 soldiers to the isl
and, who arrived there on the lirst of
June. The difficulty was found to be so
serious that reinforcements' were desired
and a\ further detachment was sent a
week later. Local newspapers place the
blame of the insurrection upon Yo Yong
Ik, because of his having sent one of his
men to the island as an official for the
collection of increased taxes.
The French Minister. M. de Plancy, is
quoted as 6aylng that a number of Catho T
lie Christians were employed by officials
in collecting these taxes, which seemed
to have been entirely out of proportion
to the ability of the natives to pay, and it
is this employment of native Christians
which brought about the general perse
cution of their brethren. It is reported
that 150 of the native Christians were
killed. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1106 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, July 15.— As a result
q£ the rebellion in her insular posses
sion's, Korea is in danger of again becom
ing: a source of international contention.
Minister Allen at Seoul has made a re
port to the State Department regarding
conditions in the island of Quelpart, off
the south coast of Korea! which ia in
rebellion against the Government. ..
the -Natives.
French Cruisers Go to Rescue
of Catholics Besieged by
Unable to Put Down the
Rebellion on Quelpart
Island.
KOREA TO NEED
AID OF POWERS
WILKEfiBARRE, Pa.. July 15.— President
Mullahy cf the Stationary Firemen's Associa
tions of Pennsylvania, has given up all hope
of an amicable settleniyit of the strike o/ the
firemen, ordered to begin to-morrow. It is ex
pected that 600 firemen in tne Wyoming region
vill refuse to go to work to-morrow. Most of
these m*.n are employed at the mines and un
lf-ss new men can be secured to take their
places, many of the collieries will be obliged
to suspend operations.
NEW YORK. July IS.— Xone of the Eteel
magnates could be located at any of the hotels
to-night. As far as could be learned no rooms
st any «l the leading hotels had been engaged
by any of the eteel company officials In -which
to hold a. conference to-morrow. | and
was known about such a conference as re
torted from Pittsburg.
Strike' of Stationary Firemen.
McKEESPORT. Pa.— There was no excite
nient in McKeerport to-day on account of the
strike. The Dewees-Wood and ' the United
States Tin plants are idle and no attempt was
made to resume work at either plant during
the day. The men are looking for an early
ttttlement.
JOHNSTOWN, Pa.— It developed to-day that
considerably more than half of the 12,000 em
ployes of the Cambria Steel Company In this
city are members of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation. The Cambria mills are non-union and
it was believed until to-day that they would
r.ot be affected by the strike. Prominent steel
workers here say. however, that if President
Khaffer calls on the men here to go out the
cptire plant of the Cambria Con-pany will be
tied tip.
SCOTTDALE. Pa.— All departments of the
Scottdale and Old Meadow rolling- mill at this
glaoe are running- full to-day. The officials
ore have little fear that the personal agree
ment entered into by the men will be broken.
CARNEGIE, Pa.— No attempt was made to
start work at the Chartier Steel Works in Car
negie to-day, as the mill is well organized,
about 200 of the employes belonging: to the
Amalgamated Association.
NEW PHILADELPHIA, Ohlo-350 employes
cf the New Philadelphia rolling mill are idle.
Following are extracts of reports from
near-by towns up to 8 p. m.:
Reports From Near-By Towns.
"When President Shaffer was informed
of the granting of the advance to the Mc-
Keesport tube workers, he said:
"I anticipated such action on" the part
of the manufacturers and have warned"
our men to guard against being blinded
by such dust-throwing methods. The tube
men in McKeesport are unorganized, and
this advance coming with the beginning
of the strike of the employes of the three
companies ¦with which we are at Issue is
an indication that the steel corporation
appreciates the strength of the Amalga
mated Association and is trying to thwart
its growth and alms by such means as
have been adopted in McKeesport. I ex
pect that similar advances will be given
to the men in other works of the United
States Steel Corporation that have not
been affected by the strike order, in the
hope that the workers may refuse to come
out should we decide to extend the strike
to all the plants of the corporation."
At the district offices of the American
Sheet Steel Company a meeting of man
agers was held to-day. It was a closely
guarded meeting and information was
hard to secure. It was said, however,
that the men In the Old Meadow mill in
Scottsdale would not strike. The Scotts
dale iron and steel mill Is also working
and no signs of a strike are visible there.
The alleged attempt on the part of the
association to attack the forces of the big
Vandergrift mills in Vandergrift, Pa.,
vrere not regarded seriously, though the
company is watching closely all , such
movements.
Meeting of the Managers.
The most interesting" report to the
Amalgamated Association to-day was the
dispatch from New York which said that
a conference of the manufacturers was to
be held in New York to-morrow, at which
Warner Armes, vice president of the
American Tin Plate Company, was to pre
sent a detailed account of the experiences
of the committee that met the Amalga
mated Association in this city last week.
It was stated that. the question of again
exending the olive branch to the strikers
or of taking up the fight and crushing
the association would 4>e determined.
Generally speaking, the workers, from
President "Shaffer down, seem to be look
ing for some sort of settlement.
The general offices of the American Steel
Hoop Company are in this city, but it was
statea there to-day that President W. E.
Corey, »who is also executive head of the
National Steel Company, had nothing to
say concerning the plans of the companies
in* meeting the difficulties of the strike,
nor ss to what condition the mills were
in where non-union men had joined the
forces of the strikers. The policy of the
manufacturers, it was said, is to remain
quiet for the time and await developments.
The officials of the American Tin Plate
Company are all in New York.
Conference of Manufacturers.
The American Steel Hoop Company s
supposedly non-union mill, known as the
Painter mill, was closed this morning in
all its branches. The tie-up at this mill
was said to have been a surprise to the
mill owners and officials in charge of.it
The plant known as the Lindsey & Mc-
Cutcheon mill, in Allegheny, was shut
down completely In the puddling and
mills. All the skilled workmen refused to
enter the mill this morning and the com
pany did not even operate the five fur
na ces.
The finishing department of the mill was
¦working during t)ie day. as the men are
jiot in the union, but it is claimed by the
workers that the employes in that depart
ment will not go to work in the morning.
The American Steel Hoop Company s mill
at ilor.esscn was not closed to-day. It
ha» been non-union since it was built two
vcars ago. and the company says the men
will remain loyal. The Amalgamated peo
ple «rol not discuss the situation in that
rail! at present.
While all the mills of the United States
Stcrl Corporation are included in the gen
eral t!e-up. the three companies are the
lirfct attacked. What the next move will
be the workers do not say. It is an
nounced to-night that the circular letter
which was expected to be sent out to
day c?l!ins on the men in the mills of
the Federal Steel Company, the National
Steel Company and the National Tube
Company to come out, will not be Issued
at present. *
Non-TTnion Mill Is Closed.
PITTSBUUG. July 13.— Reports received
from all sources connected with the strike
of the steel workers to-day Indicate that
the members of the Amalgamated Asso
cietjon have matters well In hand and
that the strike order was generally
obeyed. Telegrams from various points
"where the mills of the American Tin
Plate Company, the American Steel Hoop
Company and the American Sheet Steel
Company are located tell of the shutting
dewn of these plants in large numbers. In
jnany cases the plants had been shut
down by the first strike order, which af
fected the sheet steel and the steel hoop
companies only. The last order brought
out all union plants of the American Tin
Plate Company, with the single exception
of the new mill in Monessen, which is Still
running. At the Amalgamated Associa
tion headquarters It Is stated that the
figures given out Saturday night regard
ing the number of men who would be ac
tually idle In the mills of the three com
panies have proved correct. This number
¦\ras placed at 74,000. >-
Of the 74,000 men idle, 2500 are In Pltts-
Irars, 800 in Allegheny and 1500 in Mc
vKeerpcrt. President Shaffer has it in his
povrer to close many more Pittsburg mills,
but it is not thought that he will do any
thing of a radical nature until he is com
pelled to.
Mills in Big Steel Combine
Being Closed While Trust
Awaits Developments. v
Unexpected Aid Is Given
to Amalgamated
• Workers.
NON-UNION MEN
JOIN STRIKERS
ASTORIA, July 15.— Extensive prepara
tions are being. made for this year's re
gatta, and .the eighth annual carnival
promises to be the most successful ever
held here. At the present time the
finance committee is interviewing the
merchants of the city and subscriptions
are coming In rapidly. ¦¦
: Particular interest attaches to this
year's carnival because of the fact that
the queen -will be -elected in Portland.
Heretofore her majesty has always been
an Astoria girl, but, as ,Fortland people
have taken a lively interest in the car
nival, assisting it in every possible man
ner, the committee felt that the queen
should-be selected in that city this year
as a mark of appreciation. Voting for the
candidates has already commenced and
will continue- until about August 10 or 15.
The candidates are society ,* leaders and
their friends here and in -Portland are
working hard. The queen, her,, maids and
retinue and other dignitaries, ., Including
Governor Geer and his staffs will come
down from Portland on a special boat.'
The dates of the carnival have been
changed to August 29, 30 and 31. -Usually
the- regatta has been held. August 15, 16
and 17. but as those dates would conflict
with Elks' day at the Tacoma fair, the
change was made by the committee.
Arrangements for the participation of
the coast . oarsmen are now being made.
Secretary McCue is in San Francisco con
sulting with Bay City: rowers, to whose
efforts the success of past regattas has
Leen due in great measure. The British
Columbia oarsmen are getting crews to
gether and there will also be several crews
from ! Portland. Handsome prizes are to
be offered for all the events, and the win
ners of -this .year's contests will carry
away trophies worth keeping.
toria's Water Carnival This Year.
Portland Miss Will Be Queen of As-
PLANNING FOB THE REGATTA.
Hotel Cadillac stakes.' $2500, 2:14 class trot
tiny— Lady Thisbee won the third, fourth and
fifth heats. Best time, 2:11%.
Dr Book won the first and second heats. Best
time, 2:12^4. .Palm Leaf, Axtello, Grade On
ward. Belle Onward and Janice also started.
The Chamber of Commerce stakes, $5000, 2:24
pace— star Pugh won three straight heats.
Best time 2:C9V4. Harry Logan. Challie Down
ing Fred H. J C. Mollle Knox, King Willis,
Plenty, Myaolis. Ed Bennett, Rajah, Reckless
and Staunton Wllkes also started.
. 2:20 class, trotting, purse, $1500— Ida High
wood ' won the second and third heats. Best
time, 2:13¥. All Right won ths first heat In
2:12»i. Sphinx. Lassie, Effle G, Vic Schiller,
Neighbor Girl, Kow Rene, Pettlgrew, Jeanette,
Minka and Onward Jr. also started. • ,
2'28 class, pacing, purse $1500 — Hetty G won
In two heats. Best time, 2;05H. Rlley B,
Edith W, Bonnie Direct, Paul Revere, Darrel,
Harry O and Eyelet also started.
DETROIT, Mich., July 15.— Perfect
weather, splendid racing and a ilarge
crowd combined this afternoon to make
the thirteenth annual Blue Ribbon-meet
ing of the Detroit Driving Club and the
opening of the grand trotting circuit on
the Grosse Polnte track a success. The
sun was hot enough to bring out all the
speed in the horses, and a gentle breeze
kept the occupants of the stand comfort
able. __
The feature of the afternoon, the Cham
ber of Commerce $5000 stake, for 2:24 class
pacers, was won with comparative ease
by Star Pugh, a chestnut gelding bred at
Jackson, Mich., and owned by Edgar
Bronk of New York. Star Pugh was the
favorite in the betting, although there
was considerable play on' Harry Logan
and Plenty, a bay gelding owned by
Goodell brothers of Sioux City, Iowa. In
the first heat Star Pugh .took the lead at
the start and held it to the wirei with
Harry Logan second. Logan got off in
the lead in the second heat, but as they
turned into- the backstretch Pugh went
out in front and stayed there.. In the last
heat Pugh led all the way.
The first event of the afternoon, the 2:14
trot, was- won by Lady, Thisbee after Dr.
Book had taken the first two heats. Palm
Leaf all but took the fourth heat away
from Lady Thisbee. " '
Ida Highwood, the favorite, lost the
first heat -of the 2:20 event because of a
break at the start, but took the second
and third with little trouble.
To-morrow ia M. and M. day, when the
famous $10,000 Merchants' and Manufac
turers' stake for 2:24 class trotters will be
the feature. Summary:
of Commerce Stake.
Star Pugh Easily Wins the Chamber
OPENINGr OP HARNESS SEASON.
SHANGHAI. July 15.— Prince Chun, who
left Peking July 12, on hia way to Berlin
to apologize to Emperor William for the
murder of- Baron von Ketteler, the Ger
man Minister to China, arrived to-day at
Woosung, ten miles north of here. No of
ficial reception was arranged, public opin
ion being against such recognition of
Prince Chun, • ¦ '
There have been disastrous floods on the
Tangtse Klang River near Hankow, in
which hundreds of lives were lost. ¦
der of Baron von. Ketteler.
Will Apologize to Emperor for Mur-
WASHINGTON. July lo.-The last mall
from the East has brought a detailed
newspaper account of the shooting affray
at Peking which has resulted in. a Ger
man claim against the United States. The
account, which • appears In a Japanese
newspaper, states -that an American sen
try had been posted at the western ex
tremity of Legation street, close to where
the new American legation Is building.
That portion of Legation street was being
newly macadamized and rolled. A bar
ricade, had been put up. and Major Rob
ertson had posted a sentry on the spot to
warn people not to ride over the newly
made road, pedestrians only being al
lowed to ' traverse it. -A German officer
came riding along, knocked down both the
sentry and the barricade and galloped
across the forbidden route. The sentry
scrambled to his feet and sent a shot aft
er the officer, but missed, and the bullet
lodged in the lee of a German sentry
standing cw duty half way down the
street. The newspaper states that the
American was sentenced to one month's
imprisonment and fined a month's pay,
"presumably for hitting the wrong man."
CHUN ON HIS WAY TO BERLIN.
ed by American Soldier.
German Sentry. Accidentally Wound-
SHOT THE WRONG MAN.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— It Is now ap
parent from mall reports which have Just
reached the State Department from
China that it was solely through the mod
era tion and humanity exercised by the
United States representatives at Peklngr
by the President's direction in the early
negotiations for a settlement of the Boxer
•trouble that a number of innocent lives
were not sacrificed. These reports show
that a- more sober and . painstaking in
quiry, has developed the fact that some
of the . Chinese officials supposed to have
been connected with the Boxer outrages,
whose capital punishment was demanded
by , the . foreign .; Ministers, have been
proved to be entirely. ,. innocent of the
charges made ~ against them. ¦¦ In many
other cases proof , has been adduced that
the offenses with which the Chinese ofn*
ci&ls ! were charged ¦' were not nearly • so
grave as 'was supposed at first by the for
eign representatives in Peking. There
fore, It is regarded here' by officials as a
matter for congratulation that Messrs.
Conger and Rockhlll moved with deliberar
tion_and acted as a .restraining influence
in the matter of punishment, for not only
these lives were saved but under their
influence the whole list of capital sen
tences was reduced from ten to four, and
mitigation of other offenses was obtained.
Would Have Suffered Death
Penalty but for Our
Representatives.
Reports Show Many
Chinese Were Un
justly Accused.
MINISTERS SAVE
INNOCENT LIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JDL.Y 16, 19O1.
Ten Thousand Prominent^Members of the Ancient Order of Free
masons to Witness- Most, impressive Function in Which
Royalty Will Participate at Albert Hair on Wednesday, July 17
DUKE OF CONNAUGHT SUCCEEDS
EDWARD VII AS GRAND MASTER
Duke of Connaught as- -grand
master of the United Grand . Lodge -of.
England, in succession to the King, who
presided over the craft for twenty-fclx
years. The ceremonial will be the saine
LONDON, July lfe.— On "Wednesday
an impressive Masonic function
will take place In England. This
will be the Installation of the
2
k k a *-• m
./"I v» II 3
S u i ||
Stockton Woolen
Mills all wool suits
for men on Special
Sale this week*
Well made, dur»
able, good fit," good
style and good
material-a bargain
$7.85
Suit IAn Iowa mother punishes her little son
by making him wear his Sunday, clothes,
while she rewards her young daughter In
the same manner-
Woodmen of the World.
A new camp with forty charter mem
bers was organized at Floriston by Deputy
Head Consul R. F. Wells of the Woodmen
of the World on the 10th inst. It is the
first organization of a secret character
that has been established in that new
and flourishing papermill town.
Golden Gate Camp at its meeting July
8 expected to initiate thirty can
didates, but eleven of that number were
out of town enjoying their summer vaca
tion and they will be inducted into the
mysteries of the order on the next initia
tion night. The installation of the new
officers of this camp in Native Sons' Hall
July 12 was witnessed by a very
large number of ladies and gentle
men, who had presented to them In addi
tion to the impressive ceremony of placing
the officers in their stations an excellent
programme of entertainment and then a
programme of dancing. It proved to be
one of the most enjoyable affairs of the
kind ever given by the camp.
The public installation of officers of
California Camp in the Assembly Hall of
the Pioneers' building- was attended July
9 by an audience of Neighbors of
Woodcraft and lady relatives and friends
that crowded the beautifully decorated
hall to its limit. American flacs, the
colors of the order and the motto of the
camp in golden poppies, were features of
the decorations. The officers .were in
stalled with all the pomp and ceremony of
the organization and there was in addi
tion a choice programme of entertain
ment t that delighted all hearers. Joseph
A. W llson, past consul commander, ¦who,
during the evening, was presented a beau
tiful silver-mounted gavel as a token of
appreciation of his services In the cam
mander's chair, was the master of cere
monies and he was ably . assisted by
"Prince" Vincent and the other members
of the committee. A dance followed and
during the evening all were treated to
light refreshments. - . ¦: ¦'¦¦"
SHOOTERS WHO DISTINGUISHED THEMSELVES AT THE SHELL MOUND RANGES ON THE SECOND DAT OF
THE THIRD NATIONAL SHOOTING BUNDLES FESTIVAL. THE MARKSMEN ARE NOW BEGINNING TO
COMPETE IN EARNEST ON ALL THE TARGETS.
BRYAN REPLIES
TO OHIO CRITICS
Says Democrats Cannot
. Dodge. the Money
Question.
Mr. Bryan Is not a candidate for any office
and a mention of him might have, been con
strued by some as an indorsement of him for
office. The vote should have been upon the
naked . proposition to indorse the platform of
last year and then no one could have excused
his abandonment of Democratic principles by
pleading hlg dislike for Mr. Bryan. ,.
The convention not only: failed, but refused
to ~ indorse or reaffirm ' the Kansas City plat
form, and from the manner in which the gold
element had rejoiced over , this failure of the
convention one would suppose - that ' the main
object of the i convention was not to write a
new platform, but to repudiate the one upon
which. the last national campaign was fought.
Bryan insists that the convention made
a mistake in making himself (Bryan) an
issue and says: . .
LINCOLN, Neb., July 15.— In extended
comment on the platform adopted by the
Ohio Democratic Convention, W. J. Bryan
criticizes the convention for its failure
to reaffirm the Kansas City platform, and
for what he regards. as. the weakness of
some of the planks it did adopt.
day. On the man target he made 79 out
of a possible 80. He got three flags In suc
cession and one nineteen, a remarkable
performance. Those who know say that
the prize that will fall to Henderson will
be worth at least $200. Seventy-nine points
have been made several times "before, but
no one has made 80. Of course Hender
son is happy over his success at the
range, but he wears his honors easily and
unostentatiously. Henderson is a mem
ber of the Golden Gate Rifle Club, and he
shoots with a rifle that to him seems re
sponsive to his arms. It weighs fourteen
pounds and has a single trigger, with a
pressure resistance no greater than the
weight of a ID-cent piece. *
Wins Festival Cup.
Theodore R. Geisel of Springfield, Mass.,
won the first festival cup. On the point
target he scored more than the requisite
300 points and Is thus assured of a cup.
the initial winning of the kind. Geisel is
a genuine marksman, there Is no mistak
ing it. On Sunday he won a gold and a
silver medal and now he has a cup to Join
his prizes. That is the limit of reward
attached to the shooting: of any one man
on any other but the honorary target.
The other first cups of the festival were
awarded to the following: Emll Schmid
and Captain Frank Ruhstaller of Sacra
mento.
The gold medals were awarded to Frank
DIttling and Captain F. Ruhstaller. Sac
ramento; J. Hauerwaas, F. W. Belknap,
Charles A. Leighton, A. Marquis, Los
Angeles; H. Koster, A. Begerow and S.
Vogel of New York; Phllo Jacoby, Ed
ward H. Goetze and F. r>. Smith of San
Francisco, they having made 150 points.
The following were awarded the- silver
medals of the day: Captain F. A. Kuhls,
B. Jonas, August Studer, August Jung
blut, D. Salfleld, William Doell, . D. B.
Faktor, Kaufman Wertheimer, Captain
Fritz Attinger. J. Beuttler, William F.
Garms, Joseph. Straub. ¦William Glinde-
her youngest child, and then only to ad
mit that, although she had refused to see
her daughter until the latter lowered the
hand raised against her brother, she
would like to talk to the girl with a view
to bringing peace to the family once more.
At this time there was moisture in her
old eyes, but, steeling- herself again, she
remained calmly stern, to the end of the
trying ordeal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 15.-The trial of
the damage suit for 550.000 brought by
May Griswold against her brother. ¦Wil
liam R. Griswold, on account of alleged
false and malicious imprisonment on a
charge of insanity, was resumed in Judge
Allen's court this morning.
Miss Griswold was arrested In Novem
ber. 1900, on a. charge of beine insane, pre
ferred by her brother. She was thrown
into the insane ward of the County Hospi
tal and two or three days later was dis
charged by a Lunacy Commission. Miss
Griswold claims that this act of her broth
er was malicious and has caused her great
bofiily and mental harm, and has been the
mean's of destroying her chances of earn
ing a livelihood through the practice of
her profession, that of music teaching.
Tho feature of the trial to-day was the
visit to the court of the mother of the
contestants, who Is 72 years old. She
could scarcely talk above a whisper, but
her mind appeared strong, and in the
course of the examination she retorted
bitterly to questions by the plaintiff's at
torney that did not meet her approval,
Mre. Griswold stood staunchly by her
son as against her daughter, who, she
eald. had behaved In an unaccountable
manner, had been uncontrollable, had
etruck her brother, had broken furniture
and had made thing* generally uncom
fortable around the house. For several
houre the mother eat in the witness chair,
closely surrounded by Judge, reporter and
attorneys, who could scarcely hear her
utterances, but In all that time only once
dtt she Ehow any sign of relenting toward
Aged Mother of May
Griswold on the
Stand.
THE second day of the Third Na
tional Bundes Festival, now In
course at Shell Mound Park, was
strictly a 6hooting affair. Sunday
was a picnic in a long glass, with
a bit of shooting on the side. It was the
rifle yesterday and nothing else— except
the natural good-natured and moderate
conviviality that follows whenever a good
ehot or series of good shots is registered.
The conditions for 6hooting were far
better in the morning than in the after
noon. Before the lunch hour the wind
¦was mild and not variable and there was
no waving light on the ranges. But un
fortunately few of the marksmen were
present to take advantage of these favor
able shooting conditions. Later on in the
day they arrived and they had their rifles
with them. Some Just came for the
atmosphere — that peculiar, delightful
Fchuetzenfest atmosphere which makes a
holiday and a vacation of e\'erything.
Compared with the vast crowd that con
gested the walks of Shell Mound on Sun
day, there was but a corporal's guard to
watch the shooters yesterday. The band
concert went on Just the same, bo did the
music in the pavilion, but all that exuber
ance of Ufe that characterized the opening
day was lacking. But it will return very
soon, for the crack marksmen are warm
ing their guns and they will b© seen on tha
ranges from this time until tho close of
the fest. The honorary targets had a
pmall patronage, but it is increasing. Some
twenty tickets have been sold and double
that number will be purchased to-day.
Delivers Prize to the Bund.
Captain Emil Berckman of the Independ
ent Hoboken Schuetzen, who is at the
head of his party, delivered the prize of
his organization to the Bund yesterday.
With him are such noted riflemen as Com
missioner John Bruenlng, Gus Eggert and
George Schilling. These experts profess
that they have come to California more
for pleasure than to try to win prizes.
They are to tour the coast before they
return East, but will remain In San Fran
cisco over the Bundesfest and shoot their
best. Captain Berckman is also a mem
ber of the Hobcken Schuetzen Corps, and
hns celebrated his twenty-fifth anniver
sary as shooting king of that organiza
tion. He holds the world's record for
rapid firing, having made 3002 bullseyes In
a weekly shoot of the Plattdeutsche fair
at Terrace Garden. Xew York, In 1S98.
That record has never been equaled. The
nearest to it is Stein's record of 2578.
Captain C. Martens of the Hoboken
Rchuetzen Corps, heading the contingent
rif his club, presented the club trophy and
$59 cash to the Bund yesterday. Captain
John Schuman, an expert shot of the
same club, is one of tho party.
C. M. Henderson was the hero of the
QUESTIONS HER
CHILD'S SANITY
A Cautious Kansas Girl.
A Kansas School Board received the
following letter the other day from one
of the teachers: "I would like to have the
refusal of the school-as long as you are
willing to hold it for me, though I can't
say positively that I will not teach, nor
positively that I will. If I am married,
as I think I will be, of course I will not
want the. school. But you know- the old
story about many a slip. :. and . I ¦ would
hate to beout of a job as well as the
other."— Record Herald. . -
The gold pap«r» assumed that the convention
refused to adopt the Kansas City platform be
cause It contained a sliver plank. If so, it
would have been more courageous to have de
clared openly for the gold standard.' If the
Bold standard is sood, it ought to have been
indorsed; If bad, it ought to have been de
nounced.- To Ignore the subject entirely was
inexcusable. — ' • >
The money question is not yet out of politics.
Every session of Congress will have to deal
with it. Republicans declare that It is dead,
but they continue workingr at it. : -
Bryan comments upon parts ; of the
platform, especially those referring: to
State and municipal affairs. He indorses
the nominees of the convention and urges
their support. • . ' . . ¦ . ¦¦
. Referring to the Senatorial fight and
.the reported candidacy of John R. Mc-
Lean, he says:
Did the leaders ignore the money question
in order to please those who bolted? Or does
Mr. McLean want to be left free to affiliate
with the Republican financial questions In case
of his election? -
If any of the Ohio Democrats feel aggrieved
because the reorganizing element of the party
triumphed at the convention, let I them not
visit their disappointment upon .the State
ticket, but rather, see to the nominations of
Senators and Representatives who v/ill select
a trustworthy Senator. Let. them see to it also
that the State Dlatfornv is made at the pri
maries-next time, rather than at the conven
tion. : .
Among the victims of the French asso
ciations bill is " the monastery of the
Grande Chartreuse, where the, green and
yellow chartreuse liqueurs are made.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 16— Stmr Geor
gic, Liverpool. '
High Chief Ranger Visits.
High Chief Ranger G. A. McElfresh of
Los Angeles was in this city last week
and paid official .visits to Courts Golden
Era. San Francisco. Precita and Diana.
On Friday he visited Court Oakland: to
morrow he will visit Court Tamalpais in
San Rafael: on the 16th he will be with
Court 'Southern Heights in this city; on
the 19th with Court Santa Rosa at Santa
Rosa. He has arranged to hold public
meetings as follows: With Court Apollo
and, Court Noe Valley, in this city, July
22 and 23, respectively, and with Court
LosGatos on the, 24th. On the 23th he
will visit Gilroy and return to his home.
LOS ANGELES, July-15. — Mrs. Joseph
ine Hardy was killed at 8 o'clock to-night
by a fall from a third-story window at
the California lodging house, ' 142 South
Main street.* The back of her skull was
crushed and her neck was broken. * - ¦; .
Mrs. Hardy was in the room occupied by
Peter Young, an employe of the Consoli
dated Pipe Company, when she fell, ; and
no one but he ¦witnessed . the accident, if
such it was. "When the mother of the de
ceased, Mrs. Jpsephine Tyler of 432 Wall
street, called at ' the Receiving Hospital
shortly after her daughter's. body had ar
rived . nothing r could convince her-, that
death' was accidental; and she openly ac
cused Young of having hurled Mrs. Hardy
out'of the window.^ She told him as they
met at detective headquarters ; that ; her
daughter - had reported - to . her during the
day that he had threatened >,to do away
with her unless she promised to, live with
him. Young denied Mrs. . Tyler's state-
Peculiar Circumstances
.Attend a Woman's
Death.
KILLEDBY FALL
FROM A WINDOW
mann, all of San Francisco; A. Bergerow,
L.-Vogel, both of New York; G. Busfleld,
Massachusetts; F. W. Belknap" and
Charles A. Leigh ton of Los Angeles; W.
H. French, Colorado; Dr. F. Schumacher
and F. Schumacher of San Jose; ' A.
,BuergI of Sacramento.
' Pape, the Boy Wonder.
On the standard American target A. H.
Pape achieved something noteworthy. He
shot on the standard American and ring
targets. On the former he made 46, 47
and 49. On the latter out of a possible 73
he shot 71 and 72. Pape Is spoken of as
the boy wonder and a possible king in
future local events, but the older and ex
perienced men laugh quietly when his
name is mentioned.
A. Bergerow of Newark, N. J., a mem
ber of the New York Schuetzen Corps,
scored 65 points on the same target. The
other marksmen -who. perforated the hon
orary target were R. J. Wight San
Jose, who made 60; Frank Dlttling of the
Sacramento Helvetia Rifle /Club scored 55;
H. Koster of ther New York Central
Schuetzen Corps made 50 and E. Kunz of
Sacramento scored 41.
' Frank Dittllng of the Sacramento Hel
vetia Rifle Club tried the three shots on
the honoring target and left the range
with a ticket registering a score of 55.
"While not an extraordinary performance
In any way, Dittling's three shots will
bring him a prize worth at least $150.
Harry M. Pope, who is known to shoot
ers from Maine to California and back,
again, cut up the man target a bit. His
score was 76, just the same as that of
Sunday.
Professor L. N. Ritzau played a tattoo
of rifle shots on the ring target. In three
consecutive shots he made 23, 23 and 25.
Wrhile the shooters -were blazing away
the Viscount Deerhurst, an English rifle
man, appeared on the scene. He came
with a card in his pocket from. Mayor
Phelan'and was Introduced to the- best of
ment and said that he had never had any
words wit* Mrs. Hardy and that their re
lations were pleasant up to the last.
Immediately after the arrival, of the
body at the Receiving Hospital Young
made his appearance and told the partic
ulars of the fatality. . He said that Mrs.
Hardy called at his room in the Califor
nia shortly after 7 o'clock. He had just
come in from work.
"Mrs. Hardy," he said, "had not b'een
well for some time, and when she called
upon me it was to obtain a little money,
of which she was in need. She sat in the
open window. We conversed quietly to
gether for a half-hour. Finally she said
to me, 'Well, Pete, I guess I must go
now,' and with these words she made a
movement as if to raise herself. Her feet
must have slipped, for I saw her sliding
backward out of the window. I made a
spring to save her, but she disappeared
so quickly that my hands grasped noth
ing but air. I immediately ran down
stairs and found Mrs. Hardy lying in a
basement in a narrow alley. I helped to
take her out of there and place her in the
ambulance." f ._ '
. Mrs. Josephine Hardy was 24 years of
age. and it is said that she was married
to a man now living in Los Angeles, but
from whom she had separated. She be
came acquainted with Young about a year
ago and left with him for Gallup, New
Mexico, several months ago, where they
jointly conducted a restaurant and room
ing-house. Mrs. Hardy returned to Los
Angeles in the middle of June, taking
up her residence with her mother on Wall
street, and Young came back on July 4.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. July 15.— A surprise
was sprung at a meeting of the State
Board of Horticulture this afternoon by
the entrance of Thomas Hender of
Tuolumne County with a commission
signed by Governor Gage, announcing his
appointment to succeed W. B. Jester of
Placer County as a member of the board.
It appeared on the face of the commis
sion that Mr. Jester had lost his claim
to membership in the board by reason of
having absented himself from the State
for more than sixty days without having
obtained the consent of the Governor or
the Legislature, as the law provides. The
members expressed astonishment at the
proceeding, having had no previous
knowledge of the appointment, and dele
gations were dispatched to the Gover
nor's ofQce and the Attorney General's
office to ascertain the law in the prem
ises. It-waa agreed that the -ground
stated was a tenable one. Jester admit
ting that for three months past he had
been engaged in mining 1 engineering in
Mexico.
Thcspecial object of the session was to
elect a secretary to succ^'il B. M. Lelonr;
deceased. After another session to-night
the board adjourned without making a
choice. There are nearly a dozen candi
dates for the position, amons them belnsr
C. W. Childs of San Jose. H. P. Stabler
of Yuba City*. Professor "Wicksbn of the
University of California and J. J. Keegan
of San Francisco.
The report of George Compere of Los
Angelea, who was sent abroad to gather
parasites to eat up objectionable bugs on
California fruit trees, was ordered print
ed and distributed.
Appoints Thomas Hen
der to the Board of
Horticulture.
the Teuton marksmen. The Viscount said
he wanted to learn something of tho
methods, manners and customs of the
Bundes Fest rifle competitions. He went
away satisfied and with a look of thought
fulness engraved upon his face.
Mayor Harrison. May Come.
Julius Salomon, the advance guard of
the Chicago City Rifle Clu*. appeared
upon the,scene during the afternoon. He
brought with him a contribution from the
club, a magnificent clock. He said that
the rest of the delegation remained at
home on account of the Inability of Mayor
Carter Harrison to leave Chicago. If pos
sible Mayor Harrison will make the trip
to the coast. The rest of the delegation
will be here within a few days.
King "William Hayes wa3 in attendance
yesterday, but did no shooting. His Indis
position on Sunday, due to a libation of
ice water, has worn away. He was very
much sought after and Quite a figure
among all his friends. .
Of all the New Yorkers, Captain Her
mann Weber of the Independents draws
popular attention. He and his confreres
have a special brand of Rhine wine which
was shipped to the coast specially for
their consumption— and that of their
friends. The captain is a great entertain
er as well as a good shot. A. Bergerow
of the same delegation tried the honorary
target yesterday and ha made a score of
65. The New Yorkers banqueted at the
noon hour a"nd a jovial time they had with
their Rhine wine. . President Kuhls was
a guest and after It was all over they
made speeches and gave all manner of
toasts. Captain Gennerlch's few words
were specially bright and happy.
Makes a Big Score.
Late in the afternoon E. Schmid, presi
dent of the Helvetia Rifle Club of Sacra
mento, scored 68 on the honorary target,
distancing all other registrations up to
that time. F. Pape, who followed Imme
diately after, thought that on his last
shot he tied this performance of the Sac
ramentan. but his shot was 22 Instead of
23, and Pape's score added not €S but 67.
Lieutenant Edward H. Goetze of the
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln surprised
a number of the old-time marksmen by
the accuracy of his aim. He scored two
bullseyes on the target Germania, which
was considered remarkable shooting by
those well versed in the art of the rifle
man. Compared to the result of his three
shots at the target Eureka, the score
counted for little. His shots at the hon
orary target provided one of the surprises
of the day. "When the target secretary
announced that popular Ed Goetze had
made 59 out of a possible 73 the crowd
around the butts awakened the' echoes
with its cheers. He also won a gold
medal by scoring 1 168 on a point target. >
GOVERNOR GAGE
REMOVES JESTER
V THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIJG, TUESDAY, JULY 1 6, 19O1.
MARKSMEN AT SHELL MOUND SETTLE DOWN
TO KEEN AND EARNEST COMPETITION, FOR
MANY HANDSOME AND VALUABLE TROPHIES
HENDERSON DOES SOME
PHENOflENAL SHOOTING
Golden Gate Rifleman Establishes a Record for Himself
by Some Clever Work on the Range— Other Marksmen
:: . ¦•'"¦•¦¦ ¦ •;¦•>•¦;:¦¦
Who Won Prizes and Honor by Successful Shooting
EHIL SCHMID HAKES THE
HIGH HONORARY SCORE
Late in the Afternoon the Sacramento Shooter Tries His
Luck for the Big Special Prize and Gives Successful
Performance on the Range ' Cut Off by Glass Doors
3TICKET BROKER WHO WILL
BE HEAVY SUFFERER IF IN
JUNCTIQN IS OBTAINED.
British Cities Beaten.
According to the English census, just
completed, Liverpool's gain In population
during the last ten years is 10 per cent;
Birmingham's, a little less; Manchester's,
7 1-2. and London's about 7 1-3. Thia
makes a poor showing compared with our
large cities, such as New York, with an
increase of 37.9 per cent; Chicago, 54.44;
Philadelphia. 23.57.— Courier- Journal. ,
In the Divorce Court.
Cordelia E. Cole ha3 been granted a di
vorce from Francis "W". Cole on the ground
of willful neglect. Suits for divorce have
been Hied by Annie M Gregory ualnst
Albert W. Gregory for failure to provide.
Emilie F. Jones against Edward M. Jones
for failure to provide. S. E. Matthews
against James Matthews for cruelty and
Louisa M. Hellbacka against Edward E.
Hellbacka for cruelty.
Reception to Array 'Officers.
A pleasant reception and dance was
given Saturday evening at the Roanoke.
on Bush street, to a number of United
States army officers who have mad© the
hotel their home during the performance
of their offlci?.l duties In mustering out
tho many regiments lately returned from
the Philippines. Dave Wiae acted as mas
ter of ceremonies. Among those present
were: Majors W. A. Shunk and Julius A.
Penn Dr. T. R. Marshall, Lieutenants M.
B Wilhoit J. E. Abbott. E. G. Abbott,
Ashland L. Briggs T7v H V £ OV T n5 T° n ,^-
L. Christie. J. W. Gulick. John 1* Jordan.
"W H. Monroe, J. R. Spurr and Captain O.
C." Hamlet of the United States revenue
service.
¦ The employes of the Southern Pacific
system are preparing a splendid testimo
nial to J. A. Fillxnore. late manager of
the Pacific system, who was recently
succeeded by J. A. Herbert. The testimo
nial will be in the shape of a purse of
$50,000. Circulars have been printed and
will be sent to all employes of the Pacific
system asking for contributions, and as
there are approximately 25.000 employes it
is expected that there will be no trouble
raising the amount named.
Mr. Fillmore's relations with the men
during the thirty-one years of his connec
tion with the Southern Pacific were al
ways of the moat friendly character, and
the employes respected and trusted him
probably more than any man who ever
held an official position in the company.
This testimonial Is to be as a mark of
appreciation and an evidence of the es
teem in which he is held.
Employes of the Pacific Sys
tem Will Contribute to
Show Their Esteem.
Fifty - Thousand Dollar
Purse to Be Present
ed to Him.
BIG TESTIMONIAL
FOR FILLMORE
cerned. The most important ticket brok
ing office, however, to be effected in this
city Is that of A. Ottinger at 620 Market
street. The news must have leaked out
yesterday and reached Ottinger's ears, as
he'was busy all the afternoon seeing rail
road officials and telephoning friends
seeking their advice and „ succor in his
hour of peril.
Probable "War Against Scalpers.
Those who are well informed around
the yellow building say that this Is the
opening of a determined campaign on the
part of the Southern Pacific Company to
do away with the cut-rate ticket business
in this city. They say that there will be
just- as severe a struggle waged here as
has recently been on between the scalp
ers and the Southern Pacific Company in
New Orleans. The general who outlined
the battle for the railroad company In
that fight was S. F. B- Morse, assistant
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific,
who waged a ceaseless battle to suppress
the ticket brokers in New Orleans. -
Others who were conversant with the
fact that the railroad company intends to
institute injunction proceedings to-day
claim that this is the only move that will
be made by the railroad company. They
say that Ottinger is a popular man with
a number of the high officials of the
Southern Pacific and that he has agreed
to allow the proceedings to be taken and
will make no fight in the matter. Wheth
er he will make a contest remains to be
proved when the papers are served on
It is also supposed that ticket scalpers
in Chicago have bought large quantities
of the Epworth tickets in the East and
•will send them to San Francisco to be
disposed of. The regular fare to Chicago
at present is $63, with the exception of
the* excursion rates to the Pan-American
Exposition at Buffalo. The cost of a
whole Epworth League ticket is less than
the regular single fare East. Should the
injunction go into effect even this move
on the part of the ticket scalpers would
be stopped.
PMT^HE cut-rate or more popularly
I • known "scalping" ticket offices in
I this city must go. At least the
II Southern Pacific Company will
this morning institute injunction
proceedings restraining them from^elling
Epworth League tickets. Should the rail
road corporation win this first passage at
arms it is said it will follow up the victory
by petitioning the court to make the in
junction perpetual. .
The Injunction proceedings on the part
of the Southern Pacific Company will
come as a great surprise to all railroad
men, as in the past the cut-rate ticket of
fices in this city have not only been undis
turbed but recognized, and their repre
sentatives have been sold tickets at a
slight discount, so that a small margin of
profit could be made for their trouble in
handling them. _ ,.
This move on the part of the Southern
Pacific Company is looked upon by local
railroad men as a clever ruse. To those
who are not familiar with the Epworth
League special rate that Is now being of
fered and how the Harriman syndicate
will make a rich harvest out of the in
junction proceedings a few words will suf
fice to explain the situation.
At the last meeting of the Transconti
nental Passenger Association, held at Del
Monte, a generous rate of $53 was made to
all members of the Epworth League from
Chicago to San Francisco : and return.
This included a first class ticket both
ways and is less than a half fare. There
are numbers of Eastern people who pat
ronized scalping ticket offices at every
conceivable opportunity. It is an estab
lished fact that numbers of people wish
ing to reside in California purchased tick
ets, representing themselves as members
of the Epworth League, with tne inten
tion of selling their return special rate
ticket when -they arrived in San .Fran
cisco to ticket brokers or scalpers.. .
Continued from Page One.
Many "Will Not Return.
In the same way commercial men could
buy these tickets at a great saving-, and
after disposing of their return tickets on
this end they could return to the East
with many dollars saved: Large numbers
of tickets must have been sold in the
EaM to persons with this idea in view. No
word or warning was given out that in
junction proceedings would ue instituted
to prevent the scalpers selling them, and
the Harriman syndicate now shows its
hand after putting off the injunction pro
ceedings until it felt assured that it has
sold all the tickets it could.
The injunction proceedings will be
commenced this morning in the Superior
Court. The railroad men have already
prepared their affidavits. The paper-*
would have been filed yesterday, only a
delay of one day meant that the news of
the injunction proceedings would not be
telegraphed to the East until a day later
and Eastern people would not be aware
when- buying their tickets in the East
that they would be unable to sell them
upon their arrival in San Francisco.
In the injunction proceedings all the
scalping ticket offices in this city are con-
COMPLETE ARRANGEMENTS
FOR COUNTY EXHIBITS
The Trust Problem.
•To a thoughtful mind, the tnm problem is
one of serious Import. It must be firmly grap
pled with,, for it creeps upon society before you
are aware of .its existence. In this respect much
resembling: -the various disorders which attack
the stomach, such as constipation, tndl«stlon.
dyspepsia, biliousness, liver and kidn«y trou
bles., Hostetter's Stomach . Bitters l 9 «>• on«
reliable remedy for all such ailments. Be sure
to (rtve it a trial. .
Foresters of America .
A new court has been instituted at San
Andreas with a good membership. J. p.
Snyder Is the chief ranger and W. C. Wall
financial secretary.
Two new courts are to be Instituted in
this city in the near future.
Court Justice has arranged for "a social
to be given on the 20th Inst.
Nine new courts have been Instituted
during the past quarter.
The officers of Court Sutro Heights were
inttalled last week by D. D. G. C. R.
Ben Levy in the presence of many of the
members* of the order. The new officers,
who are active and ambitious Foresters,
"give promise of doing good work during
the term and helping the court, along.
The installation of the officers -of Court
Ferrucio was followed by a banquet, at
which Grand Secretary Cordy and Grand
Recording Secretary O'Brien were _"hon-'
ored guests and responded to toasts for
the good of the order
JUDGE COOK DENIES
BIAS OR PREJUDICE
well Against the Board of
Fire Commissioners.
Refuses to Transfer the Case of Max-
The case of George F. Maxwell against
the Fire Commissioners came up before
Judge Cook yesterday on an affidavit by
the defendants asking, for a transfer of
the case to another court on the ground
of bias and prejudice. A counter affidavit
had been filed by Maxwell, denying there
were any grounds for the allegation of
bias or prejudice on the part of the
Judge. ./ V
After the statements of counsel the
Judge said he had carefully read the affi
davit of the defendants and it did not
allege that he had bias or prejudice
against either of the parties to the case,
which was essential. Personally he would
say that there was not the slightest
ground for the allegation and he woulri
deny the motion for a transfer of the
case, remarking that if the slightest
cause had appeared why the application
should be granted he would have trans
ferred the case on his own motion.
Attorney Lennon aeked that a date be
eet for the trial of the case and Fire
Commissioner McKinEtry said he wanted
to take the matter to the Supreme Court,
as he did not wish the case tried by
Judge Cook. He, therefore, declined to
make any suggestion as to the date
Lennon wanted the case set for trial this
morning, but the Judge fixed upon July
29. and said that meantime McKinstry
could have the matter taken before the
Supreme Court.
been installed with a chemical engine to
protect the Pavilion from fire. At each of
the four plugs on each floor is a man on
duty and there are four with the engine.
"YEAH FOR MISSIONS."
•'A Year for Missions" is the Epworth
League motto for the comlnsr year. The
General Cabinet has decided to make it
the great mark for the chapters and it
expects every delegate to go home pre
pared to organize a missionary committee
in his chapter.
With this end In view they will make
a specialty of the missionary exhibit.
There will be libraries, books, maps and
charts on exhibition and for sale, besides
a large amount of free literature. A fea
ture of this department will be the larg
est missionary map ever exhibited.. It is
25x50 feet in dimensions. There will be
daily conferences on missions, with ad
drtsses by Dr. Joseph F. Berry, general
secretary; E. T. Colton, W. T. Cooper, P.
L. Cobb, E. B. Loper and others. It is
the desire of the management that every
chapter be represented at these confer
ences. ¦ . .
The entire front gallery of the Pavilion
is devoted to mission work and exhibits.
C. V. Vickery Is in charge here, assisted
L. Cobb. E- P. Soper and others. It is
Smith, C. W. Jacks. E. P. Sloper and
others. . r ¦
California missions will be exemplified
by stereopticon In t the southern gaN
lery. In the center of this gallery,
just west of the space allotted to the mis
sionary workers, is a reading and writing
room with works- of art upon the wall.
In the rear of this is the ministers' room.
Both are freshened with potted palms and
(lowers. .-•¦-.' *¦ - <
Conference at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, July 15.— The Epworth
League district conference for Los Anger
les County met this morning at 10 o'clock
in Trinity Methodist Church. The con
ference opened with a prayer and praise
service, followed by an address by Rev.
W. W. Penson of Macon, Ga.. on "The
Social Side of Christianity, or the League
as a Social Factor." Lunch was served
in the church parlors at • noon and this
afternoon Rev. Gross Alexander, D. D.
firofessor at Vanderbllt University, de
ivered an address. on "How to Study the
Bible.* . ~'~:'t £.<.¦>• •¦
"Very -low .season' round trip ' tickets ; to
Lake Tahoe from San Francisco, Oakland,
Alameda, Berkeley, San Jose, Stockton,'
Sacramento,' ' Marysville, Napa. • Santa
Rosa. ,WoodIand. . -Friday to Tuesday,
round trip. from San Francisco only $10.80.
Literature near««t " agent or at - 613 Mar
ket Street.' 'v ¦•/ - . - . - - : -
Lake Tahoe and Beturn.
An i' emergency hospital ,-is being in
stalled, on the second floor just ¦ to the
south- of .the- big organ by th« Pacific
Hospital, This will prove of great benefit
to many, before the week closes.
' Captain ; Horn and sixteen' men have
¦ The "Sierra Railway and Yosemlte Val
ley, via Big Flat route, will be carefully
looked after by W. J. White.
' Next to this ts the Santa Fe informa
tion bureau and general offices. It is
modeled after an old mission and is hand
somely lighted and: decorated inside.
Beautifully illustrated booklets - are for
distribution there. F, W. Prince, James
B. Duffy and Mrs. F. B. Brahen will do
the- honors for the company. .
General Manager R. X. Ryan is per
sonally . supervising the Northwestern
Railway's booth. "¦-... '. • ¦ '
The railroad booths on the main floor
are " on the left of the entrance and be
yond the reception and entertainment
booths. The Southern Pacific Company
has a fully equipped ticket office, where
all railroad business may be transacted
except the signing of return tickets,
which must be done at 17 New Montgom
ery street, P. K, Gordon is in charge and
is ably assisted by G. S. Grant, H. E.
Montague, W. ! T. Fitzgerald, T. A. Fas
sett, C. H. Gordon, J. B. Louck and Col
onel W. H, Menton. On the. walls are
huge maps, showing the various excur
sions planned for the visitors.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will ¦ each have reception booths,
decorated in their college colors, for the
entertainment of their friends. These are
hung with views and souvenirs of the uni
versities, besides class photos. Presidents
Jordan and Wheeler occupy the places of
honor in each, while in the University of
California booth the late Professor Le
Conte Is given prominence. Miss Louise
Linscott and F. F. Goodsell represent the
University of California.
The Golden Temple is the - name given
the circle of booths set aside to the Ep
worth League Alliance? of Alameda and
San Francisco counties, the Golden Gate
and Alameda County Christian Etideavor
Unions and the California Baptist Young
People's Union. It is decorated in yellow
and will be headquarters for the young
people of those organizations. ¦ .
The Pacific Gro.ve League has a» beau
tiful deep sea exhibit,- consisting of 35,
00Q souvenirs and 1100 starfish to give to
Eastern visitors. Mrs. R. . H. Willey" is
manager of this work. Harry Winston,
Misa. Alice Sabine, Mlsa Maude Sherwood,
Miss Molinda Allison and Miss Rena Wil
ley are her co-workers.
RAILEO AD QUARTEBS OPENED.
Universities Make Displays.
Grove. Mr. Clark will make a special trip
from the Yosemlte Valley, of which he is
In charge, and give his attention to this
display.
at the organ, was in perfect accord wi£h
the voices in the manipulation of the
keys. The difficulty previously experi
enced in securing perfect harmony by
reason of the great distance of the con
sole from the instrument, thereby caus
ing a loss of time in the transmission ot
sound, was remedied < by the organist
playing In advance- of the conductor's
motions to the .chorus. In this manner
the organ and voices were simultaneous
and the volume of tone in perfect accord.
The final chorus rehearsal will take place
this afternoon at 2 o'clock. The Los An
geles section will then. for the first time
rehearse with the singers of this city and
Oakland. , . -. : • : •'
I Convention Flags and Badges.
-The general committee; has .'decided to
place the official flags on the market at
a. cost to* enable the public to use them
for decorating 1 . Those j desiring any will
be supplied -them at 4 and 5 cents .each,
according to size. Application may be
made' to* the general committee at- the
Pavilion. - « : . • ; ,„ WV 1
Beginning « Wednesday afternoon 'and
continuing every afternoon during the.
week, at the hours of 1:30 and 4:30 free
Btereopticon,: lectures on. California- will
be given in the Metropolitan Temple. This
Is the magnificent collection for .the last
few months shown In the principal cities
of the East in the interest of the. con
vention and of California.
The. committee has authorized the issu
ance of patrons' badges, which will en
title the holders to admission to places of
meeting in .advance of the g-eneral pub
lic. They are to be sold for $1 each.
W. de L. Kingsbury, chairman of, the
registration committee, issued orders last
evening that all blanks filled out to-day
should be compared with former regis
trations to prevent the securing of two
convention badges by any one individual.
His assistants claim that to obey his in
structions will necessitate delaying every
person seven or eight minutes. If this is
done, they claim, it will make it impos
sible to register the multitude expected.
The- ushers were assigned, to their dally,
work last evening by Chairman George B.
Little-field ¦ of the ushers' committee. .Ar
rangements -were made for seating the
people - at the concert and each session
of the convention at the Pavilion, Alham
bra Theater, Metropolitan Temple and
the special Sunday services. Each com
mitteeman paid for -his "white cap. and
took it home. . ¦ ..
Fund Is Growing.
Subscriptions to the Epworth League
fund now reach the total of . $19,115. . Fol
lowing are the latest additions to the list:
Brewers' Protective. Association,. $100; A. B.
McCreary, $100; California .Cotton Mills Com
pany $25; 'Langham' Hotel (second donation),
125; Ant. Borel & Co.. $25; Thomas Denigan
Sons & Co., ?25; Wolf & Sons, J25; McNab &
Smith, $25; Williams. DJmond & Co., $25;. Mrs,'
Ernestine Kreling, $25; Walter > Morosco, $25;
J. J. Gottlob. $25: La Zacualpa, $25; ¦ Timothy
Hopkins, J25; C. E. Whitney & Co., |25;.Hud
<1 lest on & Co., $25; R. D.. Davis & Co.. $25;-
Dairyman's" Union, $25;" Anglo-California Bank. 1
120; John Rosenfeld's Song, $20; Eagleson &'
Co., $20; George 'W, Qlbbs, $20: G. R. Fitch.,
?20; Shasta Water Company, $20;. John Flour-,
noy, $20: J.' W. Ellsworth, $20; Slmonds Saw-
Company, $10; O'Callaehan, Nelson & Co., $10;
Parke & Lacy, $10; Schulz, Martlnelli, L-ahman
Co, 110: Buss, Early & Harvllle, $10; Wright
& Ewell. $10; C, -W. R. Ford & C0.7 $10; G.:
H • Umbsen & Co., $10; Kirk, Geary & Co., 1
$10; Easton & Eldrldge, $10; Byxbee & Clark,'
$10; Western -Carbonic Acid Gas>. Company. '
$10; Code-Fortwood. Canning: Company, $10;.
Haub Bros.,- $10; California Barrel Company,
$10- Chiapas Rubber Plantation, $10: Pine Box'
Manufacturers' Agency. $10; W. S.: Miller, $10;
C. M. Plum, $10; Charles W.. Pike &<;©., $10:
Campbell &¦ Sutherland. $10; 'N. "Calll6on. . $10:
R. J.Whelan A. Co., $5; California Engraving
Company. $5: J. M. Wright & Co., $5;.:. F.,
Koenig, $5; Colman & C<J., $5; cash. $5; Dr.
-^ * -----
E. Hart, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Harding, Miss Hanley,
Cora Hasty, Miss Kitty Hanley, Miss Belle
Isham, Carrie Jeffress, Jennie Judd, Josie Kins
man, J. Larcombe, Minnie Moyle, Mrs. McCau-
Iey. Miss S. L. Oliver, David Oliver, Mrs. L.
Paitengrhi. L. Paltenghi. Mrs. Celia Polking
horn. Edna M. Shattuck, Mabel Simmie, Misa
L. Truebody. Mrs. Truebody, Olive Thomas,
Miss Thomas, Frances Wllley, Mr. Winters, C.
Westgate and Miss S. Wright.
In addition to these an irregular force
has been appointed to hold itself in readi
ness for any call. The members are:
Elma Buckman, Miss Carter, Mrs. Julia Congr
don. Miss Emma Goodrich, Mrs. Jennie D.
Hayes, Miss E. Kennett. May Moore. Laura
Morcom. Silyie Moore. W. L. Proctor, Mrs. F.
F. Read, Frank Robinson, Miss A. M. Sullivan
and Miss Kmily Wallace.
To-Night's Grand Concert
The demand for seats for the grand
concert at the Pavilion to-night is un
precedented. Fully 4000/were disposed of
before noon yesterday, and as it was im
possible to supply all requests for them
without using those reserved for general
admission the committee found it neces
sary to reserve every seat In the house.
Even then all orders cannot be filled.
There are S000 seats altogether, of which
number 2000 will be utilized by the chorus.
This leaves only 5000 seats for«ome 20,000
people who are desirous of attending the
concert.
To add to the worry of the committee,
a report was circulated that many of the
choicest seats had been -purchased by
ticket speculators. It is said that one
speculator secured fully 200 seats, •which
were purchased by his agents In lots of
frotoi twenty to forty. Whether this re
port Is reliable the future must determine.
At all events this will give those of the
general public who ¦ have hitherto been
unable to get . seats an opportunity of
hearing the chorus if they .are willing to
pay the commission which will be exacted
by the speculators. ¦"¦-.'
Will Repeat Performance.
One result of the unusual demand for
tickets to the concert has been an order;
from the general committee to repeat it
next Saturday night. It was intended to
repeat the performance next Monday
evening, but It was doubtful if the Los
Angeles section, embracing 750 singers,
would remain in the city until that time.
In order that there might be no disap
pointment the music committee, after a
conference with Chairman Kilben of the
general committee last evening, resolved
to repeat the performance on Saturday
evening. If necessary, a third perform
ance may be given Monday- evening,
though it is" almost certain the chorus
will be greatly reduced in numbers by
that time.
Chairman Filben announced last night
that all general admission tickets Hereto
fore sold and unexchanged for reserved
seats would be honored next Saturday
' evening. The remaining reserved . seats
will be placed on sale thi3 morning at
9:30 o'clock at the Pavilion, "h.£: , i -.-V 7 v
Satisfactory Rehearsal.
About 900 members of the chorus at
tended the rehearsal at the Pavilion last
night. The entire programme was gone
through in a most thorough manner and
the vocalists were in excellent' voice. The
rehearsal was most satisfactory to the
various, conductors,, who are unanimous
in the opinion that the concert of to-night
will be the most magnificent ever held
¦in this city. The following choruses
were rendered : , .
'"The Heavens Are Telling." Robert Husband,
director; "Gloria," from "Twelfth Mass.". J.
M Robinson, director; "Thanks Be to God,"
Isaac C, Blake, director; "Be Not Afraid."- J.'
J. Morris, director; "By Babylon's Wave," W.
C. Stadtfeld, director; "Worthy Is the Lamb,"
Fred W, Bacon, director; "Hallelujah," Robert
Husband, director. _ .
Organist King of Oakland, who presided
Continued from Page One.
THE UNION PACIFIC GENERAL
AGENT IN THIS CITY, WHO
WILL RETIRE. >.
WORD has been received in this
city that the Southern Pacific
and Union Pacific passenger
and freigrht offices in Cali
fornia are to be' consolidated
in "the near future. It is stated on the
most reliable authority that Traffic Direc
tor Stubbs wired from Chicago the latter
part of last week to the Union Pacific of
ficials all over California directing them
to at once forward to him a list giving the
names of all men employed in the Union
Pacific offices in this State, the length of
time they had been employed by the com
pany, what salaries they are receiving,
also what rent is being paid for the of
fices, and last, but not least, the actual
expenses of the offices. The offices of the
two railroads will be consolidated in the
near future and thousands of dollars will
be saved to the Harriman syndicate by
this move.
With the new order of things Colonel D.
W. Hitchcock, general agent of the Union
Pacific in this city, will be treated }n ex
actly the same manner as Jerome' Fill
more — he will be pensioned off at a good
salary in recognition of his splendid work
during the many years h$ has been with
the Union Pacific. Thomas Schumacher,
the chief freight officer of the Union Pa
cific, will still hold a responsible position,
but he will be moved over to the big yel
low building and will work in conjunction
with William Sproule, who has charge of
the Southern Pacific freight traffic de
partment in this city.
Tho following figures that were for
warded to Traffic Director Stubbs, as he
had- requested, are interesting at this
time. At the San Jose office one official is
employed at a salary of $125 a mdnth, the
rent is $25 and the working expenses
amount to $75 more, making a grand total
of $225. The Sacramento office employs
two men at $150 and $S5 respectively. • The
rent for office is $25 and the working ex
penses $100, making a total of $360 per
month. • The Los Angeles office of the
Union Pacific employs five representatives,
one at ?200, two H at $125, one at $100 and
one at S75 per month. The salary roll
alone amounts to $625 in Los Angeles and
in the report the expenses ran close upon
$1500 a month. .> . . . * . . , . .
With the consolidation of the Union Pa
cific and Southern Pacific offices the ex
penses .will be cut down materially and
just as good results can be accomplished,
at least so Harriman and Stubbs think.
Just when the change will be made is not
at present known, but it is almost certain
t.o take place in the next thirty days. ,
THOUSANDS OF LEAGUERS
WILL REACH CITY TO=DAY
Comte A. de Trobriand, former* Consul
General of France In this city, has but
little confidence in the courts of Califor
nia. The probate departments of the
Superior Court are less honored than the
¦others by this diplomat. In fact he be
lieves them to be "crooked,"' organized
and maintained by the' people for the pur
pose of looting rich estates when there
were rich estates to loot and poor estates
when others were not available. Ha
probably arrived at his conclusion from
reading of incidents of the kind men
tioned that have occurred in the courts
of this city.
De Trobriand's opinion came to light
yesterday during the trial of an action
instituted by Attorney S. T. Brun to re
cover $S22 40 from the estate of the late
Emilie de Chavanne, who died In Grass
Valley, Nevada County, two years ago.
Emilie de Chavanne's sister. Mme.
Waskiewiez, who resides in Paris,
France, heard of the death of her sister.
She notified De Trobriand that she and
her three sons were heirs-at-law of the
deceased and entitled to her estate and
askd the Consul to take steps to protect
her rights.
De Trobriand appointed Attorney Brun
to represent the claimants, but before he
had fairly started to work an attorney
to represent absent heirs, which included
the claimants, was appointed by the
Nevada County court. This left Attorney
Brun minus a job and he forthwith took
steps to put the Nevada County attorney
for absent heirs out of his office. He
wrote to the heirs in France, reflecting
on California courts in r^neral and at
torneys for absent heirs * In particular,
which expression of opinion De Trobriand
concurred in.
Letter Bead in Court.
During the hearing yesterday there was
considerable controversy as to the proper
interpretation of certain telegrams, which
Brun presented on the claim that they
authorized his appointment by the former
Consul General. No serious controversy
arose, however .until after Brun testified
that his usual commission in such cases
¦was 5 per cent upon the value of the
estate. It was then that Attorney I. I.
Brown, representing the defendants,
found opportunity to introduce Brun's
letter, indorsed by the former Consul
General, showing' that though he placed
a fair value on his services he placed a
low value on the honor of California
courts and attorneys for absent heirs.
The letter reads:
SAN FRANCISCO. October 30, 1899.
Sir: Tou let me know that Mr. FTicot has
written you that the court has appointed an
attorney, and that in consequence you have
no more need of my services. Allow me to
explain to you our California procedure.
The court, which is composed of but one
Judge, can officially appoint an attorney to
represent the absent heirs. This attorney Is
appointed only until the heirs have made a
choice. As soon as the heirs have appointed
their own representative the attorney for the
court withdraws. This attorney may be chosen
among one of the friends of the Judge or upon
the recommendation of the executors. This
position of attorney for the absent heirs is
very profitable. His fees are fixed by the
court, upon the representations of colleagues
¦who are interested in the matter, and often the
absent heirs pay out of their shares more than
the pen-ices are worth. This is why the heirs
prefer appointing themselves their attorney,
with whom they can have an understanding as
It le easy to see that if the attorney has
been appointed by the court upon the recom
mendation of the executors this attorney can
very well close his eyes upon voluntary errors
that may have slipped into the accounts of
the executor. The latter will remember the
sen-ice when the fees of such attorney will
have to be fixed. • • • .
A Saving Clause.
An this is said in a general sort of a way
without accusing 1 any one in the Chavanne
estate of sinister motives. I send you inclosed
4 'L' Impartial Californien" and the commen
taries of the French paper that may give you
more information. • • •
If you wish to withdraw your power of at
torney from me you are at liberty to do so,
but it Is my duty outside of my personal in
terests to tell you that instead of paying 3
per cent out of your legacy you may have to
pay 10 r*r cent. • • •
I add but one more word, and that is that
I will pray Mr. , the Consul General, to
read this letter, and If what I say of the pro
cedure is correct to be kind enough to certify
to it Please receive, dear sir. the expression
of my distinguished sentiments.
S. T. BRUN.
To this letter Consul General de Tro
briand appended the following certificate:
I. the undersigned Consul Genera], intrusted
with the consulate of France in San Fran
cisco, having become acquainted with the let
ter of Mr. Brun. certify that the Information
contained In this letter is perfectly exact, as
far as the mode of procedure of American Jus
tice in the matter of an estate opened in the
State of California is concerned.
(S«a! of Consulate.) A. DE TROBRIAND.
San Francisco. October 30. 1899.
Attorney Brown gave vent to harsh In
vective over this letter. Such letters, he
said, coming from a California attorney
were an insult to the bench and bar of
the State. De Trobriand 1 s concurrence in
the opinion Mr. Brown said he would put
down to ignorance, but that a practicing
attorney should so vilify the courts he
believed a sufficient basis for drastic ac
tion.
The court made no comment when the
letter was read, but from his expression
it is evident that the matter will be per
sued further when the case is again
called for hearing.
Shares Attorney's Opinion
That Estates Are
Looted.
De Trobriand Writes His
Views of California
Procedure.
CONSUL ATTACKS
PROBATE COURTS
The fraudulent looting of the Continent
al Salt and Chemical Company out s of
stock valued at $171,000 has been charged
to Sheriff John Lackmann, former Mayor
L..R. Ellert and L. A. Berteling, the op
tician, in an action instituted yesterday
by William J. Dingee, William G. Hen
shaw and Oscar T. Weber." In the treas
ury of the corporation, the complainants
aver, the only evidence of consideration
for the stock in question Is three promis
sory notes, one for $5000 signed by Lack
mann, another for $5000 signed by Ellert
and the third for $9000 bearing the signa
ture of Berteling. Even the payment of
these notes has not seriously occupied the
attention of the defendants, the plaintiffs
claim, "and each of them is long past due
and is now payable." •
By way of introduction to the caustic
paragraphs to come the plaintiffs, set
forth the fact that the Continental Salt
and Chemical Company is a corporation
organized for profit; that its capital stock
is $200,000, divided Into 400,000 shares of the
par value of 50 cents a share, of which
168,500 shares were duly and regularly
sold and issued prior to January 14 of
this year. The stock so sold and issued.
was owned on that day as follows:
Sell Themselves Stocks.
John Lackmann, 20,100 shares; I* R. Ellert,
20,100; L. A. Berteilngr, 44,100; H. C. Coward.
40,100; Oscar T. Weber, 4100, and L. A. Bertel
ing as trustee, 40,000.
Lackmann, J3!lert, Berteling, Coward
and Weber, constituting the board of di
rectors, called a meeting for" January 14,
the complaint recites. On that day Lack
mann, Ellert and Berteling voted to
authorize the board of directors to sell to
themselves 76.000 shares of the capital
stock of the corporation at 25 cents a
share, Lackmann and Ellert to take 20,000
shares each and Berteling 36,000 shares.
The proposition offered by Lackmann, El
lert and Berteling was immediately op
posed by Weber, it is alleged, but as
Lackmann, Ellert and Berteling held the
majority of stock they overruled Weber
and declared Themselves owners of the
stock in the proportions named and -for
the price stated.
At the same time, sitting as a board of
directors, it is alleged that Lackmann.
Ellert and Berteling accepted in the name
of the corporation their own promissory
notes for the turns set forth above, and
deposited the same in the treasury. The
notes, it is set forth, were for ninety days
without Interest.
At the time Lackmann, Ellert and Ber
teling thus possessed themselves .of the
76,000 shares of the capital stock of the
corporation at one-half the par value of
the same it is alleged that the assets of
the corporation had greatly* increased in
value, until the market price of the stock
exceeded $2 50 a share.
Charges of Fraud. V
Following this allegation the plaintiffs
begin to stimulate their complaint with
charges of fraud. Lackmann, Ellert and
Bertaling, they say, acted fraudulently
and in violation of their duty to the other
stockholders and contrary to the best in
terests of the corporation, and they there
by damaged the corporation in the sum of
$171,000, and damaged the plaintiff, Weber,
in the sum and amount which the shares
of capital stock then owned by him bear
to the 168,500 shares sold and issued prior
to January 14.
On April 27 last Weber sold to William
J. Dingee and William G. Henshaw, who
are joined with him as plaintiffs, 1035
shares each of • the capital stock of the
corporation. H. C. Coward also sold a
portion of his stock to Dingee and Hen
shaw, ¦ each taking off his hands 10,025
shares. Coward, as . the owner of the
40,000 shares held in trust by Berteling,
also sold Dingee and Henshaw 10,000
shares each of the stock so held in trust,
and as the owners thereof they are joined
as plaintiffs. ' ;¦ ' '. .
Weber Tiles "Written Demand.
Immediately after the transfer of the
stock to Dingee and Henshaw had been
i effected Weber filed a written demand
with the board of directors of the corpora
,tion. Including Lackmann, Ellert and Ber
teling. requesting as a stockholder "that
the board of directors forthwith Institute
suit against Lackmann, Ellert and Bertel
ing to recover damages for 'their fraudu
lent action.". The board of directors,
through the secretary, answered that, the
matter would be' considered at the next
meeting of the board, which was called
for July 2. f . ;
Upon that day. the plaintiffs recite,
Weber and Coward took their seats at the
directors' ' table and awaited the coming 1
of Lackmann, Ellert and Berteling. Ber
teling' and Lackmann appeared shortly
after: Weber and. Coward arrived, but on
seeing- Weber and - Coward, it is alleged,
Lackmann and Berteling immediately left
the premises, refusing to attend the meet-
Ing, though their presence was demanded
by Weber and Coward. Ellert failed to
appear.
' In conclusion the plaintiffs demand judg
ment against the defendants for damages
In the sum of $171,000, for their costs of
suit and an injunction restraining the de
fendants from transferring or. incumber
ing the stock in issue during the pendency
of the action. The plaintiffs are repre
sented by Attorneys Francis J. Heney,
Page, McCutchen, Harding & Knight and
Bishop, Wheeler & Hoefler.
S. L. Harrison, $5; Edmond Godchau, $5;
Rathjen Bros., $5; W. J. Sterett; $5: JohnD.
Eby, $3 ; California ' Hydraulic Supply Com
pany, $5; Rio lllchol Rubber Company, $5; Do
mestic Laundry. $5;. A. I. Corbus. "$5: C. Lyons,
$5; Alex Yost & Co.," $5v cash, *5; William R.
Knight. $5; Fred .B. Haight. $5.
SPECIAL FEOM LOS ANGELES.
It Bears" Dignitaries ' and ' Section of
Big Chorus.
LOS ANGELES. July 15.-The first spe
cial train left Los Angeles this morning
for the Epwortti League Convention at
San Francisco. . The train carried the
large chorus of 350 voices and their leader,
Professor Bacon. Dr. Berry of New York
also left to-day. Dr. DuBose and many
of the other visiting- dignitaries remain
until ¦ to-morrow. The Southern Metho
dist ministers will > remain until after
the conclusion of the series of meetings
now being held in Trinity Churchy This
morning Dr. "W. A. Spencer of Philadel
phia addressed the. Methodist ministers'
meeting, and Dr. C. . B. Spencer, editor of
the Central Christian Advocate, also
spoke. -,-•; ;¦¦''.¦¦ ¦•,..* ¦<¦ .
Special trains leave to-morrow on which
many prominent • ministers and laymen
will journey. to the convention city. To
night .the colored delegation was tendered
a reception.' . Addresses were made /on
"The. Negro's Prospects" and "The Negro
inthe Epworth League. V The delegation
•will probably continue its' journey to 1 the
convention ¦ to-morrow on one of the spe
¦cial trains. . : .-¦
Sheriff John Lackmanxi, Is. R. Ellert
and L. A. Berteling- Defendants
in Action Brought to Re
cover Bigf Damages.
Sell Themselves a Large For
tune in Shares at One-
Tenth Value.
Three Directors of Local
Salt Company Must
Goto Court
FRAUDULENT
STOCK DEAL
IS CHARGED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 16, 1901
Southern Pacific Company Prepares to Begin Injunction Pro
ceedings Restraining- Scalpers From Disposing of Paste
boards Which Will Be Offered at Cut-Rate Offices
WOULD PREVENT 5ALE
OF THE RETURN TICKETS
HITCHCOCK'S RETIREMENT
SOON TO BE ANNOUNCED
UnioQ and Southern Pacific Offices.in California to Be. Con
solidated and General Agent of the Former Pensioned.
Stubbs Calls for Names of Employes and Salaries Paid
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Pieassni Dreams'
Cries the young maid to her mother, as
she retires to rest. The mother smiles,
but sighs. She knows that the pains
that rack her will not stop for darkness,
sleeps her dreams rafflw3^^^git& f
of the sufferings B|§ r
Why not sleep ||I /^^ -gp. >S -3?<
soundly and rise H^^^&CT r 'ft? f
refreshed at morn- Kp*V& \r^ Ot I
ing, with strength Hfig- X ¥jj
and. courage for gyg -4ff^fru-^'^-\J! '
the day's duties? tex^TjgfltfP^ f5
Weak, nervous W^~'Tr+TZ!XB Ffl
women, sufferers njw ? ®wJs^s bjI
from backache, BKV §A^wl^ frn S
ments, have found u V^V^-^Vy^
a perfect cure in B^ r =^V"Vs* p*ffiU$l
Dr. Pierce's Fa- te^A=C^\» c W 8
which cause the F^areSffifflL — E&&J
pains and nervousness. It makes weak
women -strong and sick women well.
«I deem it my duty to express my heartfelt
gratitude for having been the means, under
Providence, of restoring me to health," writes
Mrs. B. H. Munn, of Springhill, Leon Co., Fla.
n For nearly two ye»rs I suffered from female
-weakness so I could not stand on tnv feet any
length of time ; could scarcely walk at all.
Appetite was much impaired; I had bearingr-
down sensations: can't express how badly I
did feel. Had tried several Kinds of medicine
which did me little or no good. At last decided
to try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. I had
not taken all of two bottles before I saw It was
benefiting me, so I continued to take it until X
had taken seven bottles, when I felt entirely
-cured. Did not feel a touch of my old com-
plaint. It has been over a year since I took
your medicine, and I can truthfully say that
my health has been better for the last year than
it had been for four years previously.
« You may publish this as a testimonial."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y*
DR.MEYERS&CO,
Specialists. Disease BpSg-fi?' '"""^^Er
and weakness of Xg|# 5
men. Establls hed Sfi&f - ,,j
1SS1. Consultation ffVjf
and prlvat* book . \$* zf Yl
free, at office or by •^j&L /jj I ¦
mail. Cures guar- |£$>' «^^^2i
anteed. 731 Max- )&*5zg§$W
ket street (eleva- "^^^S*'iJ&
tor entrance), San
f visit DR. JORDAN'S great*
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMYi
4 C2J 1031 HA232T ST.trt. 8-JH7&, S.r.Cil.
\ Cj^ «, Th^ t^Tr^l Anatomic*! Museum in tha
V ffSVS^k world. Weaknesses ex any contracted ( I
A f»5 «Tl '**«><•. •'"'"?•'•T rored by the oldest
«bSJ! I peai!lst on lhe Cwst Ess. 36 years. | \
f SS3&L8 D3< JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN,
\ iq.wS Constitution free and strictly private. \
V i #%B iT".! 11 "^* P?" 0 "*' 1 * «' by letter. A ,
\It \ I f—*— CW« ln every case nadertakto.
6 V 1 w Write for Book > philosophy of ,
r « a Ml DABBMCe, MAILED MM. ( A (
A . ti I], valuable book far mm)
? P«^oai>AJ»<fc«:o :^10»^Martettit..8. r. I
J^^fr CANDY CATHARTIC . «
Genuine itamped CCC Never told InbuR.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just ms good,
Weat Men and Women
S??^**?*- U . SB DAMUNA BITTERS. THE
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tha eura of GONORRHEA fil TBir>T<»
Price *l a bottle. Tor sale by drujjlstt,'"Wednesday, July 17, Bald Mountain, at For
est; Thursday, July 18, Sierra, at Sierra City;
Friday, July 19, Summit,, at Truckee; Satur
day, July 20, Colfax. at Colfax; Monday, July
22, Fern Leaf, at Forest Hill; Tuesday, July
23, Sacramento, Columbia, Confidence and Capr
ltol,' jointly with Confidence, at Sacrcmen to;
Wednesday, July 24. Gait, at Gait; Thursday,
July 25, Placer, at Newcastle; Friday, July 26,'
Auburn, at Auburn; Monday, July 29, Othello',
at Dlxon; Tuesday, July 30, Franklin, at Vaca
vllle.
Grand Chancellor L, ¦ S. - Calkins an
nounces the following official visitations
during the remainder of this month:
Knights of Pythias. .
The autopsy on Walsh's body showed
that death was caused by hemorrhage
from a knife wound in the groin.
Walsh lived with his father at 24 Mor
ris avenue. . He was employed as a driver
for Steele's dairy, Point Lobos road.
Pettigrew for some time worked . as a
laborer on Union Island . in the San
Joaquin and came to the city about a
week ago. He was born at Twentieth
and Mission streets. .
• The murder of Lafayette Al .."Walsh out
side the Chutes early yesterday morning,
an account 'of which was published ex
clusively in The Call, appears from those
who witnessed it to have been deliber
ately done.. Four of the' witnesses, Ward
low Dennis, a soldier; Clarence Anderson,
Percy Benson and Joseph , Whalen, are
detained in the City Prison pending the
giving of their evidence at the Coroner's
Inquest. .-...; .•
Emmet N. Pettigrew, who is accused
of having committed' • the "murder, ap
peared in Judge Conlah's court yesterday
morning. He was instructed as .to his
rights and by consent the case was con
tinued till to-day. •
The murder .was the culmination of a
drunken .row. Pettigrew, Walsh and
Whalen met at, Whalen' s house, 16 Erie
street, Sunday night and left with the
incentlon of going to the Chutes. They
had several drinks : on.' the way and went
into a saloon at Halght and Stanyan
streets, where they met Benson • and An
derson and Dennis. Benson and another
driver of a dairy .wagon named Herman
Rlese had a fight three weeks ago |at
Twenty-first and .Mission streets, and
while drinking in- the saloon- Walsh of
fered to fight Whalen, who was a friend
of Riese. They were ordered out of the
saloon and continued; their wrangling
while walking in the direction of the en
trance of the Chutes. ' Walsh struck at
Whalen and ran across the street, fol
lowed by Pettigrew. Dennis, the soldier,
saw Pettigrew put his hand into his hip
pocket, draw a knife and make a lunge
at Walsh's abdomen. Walsh sprang into
a hack and asked William Cummings,
the driver, to take him to. the city quick.
Cummings took him out of the hack and
laid him on the ground, as he had fainted.
Walsh was carried into the Chutes by
Policemen Reade and Lord and died on
his way to the Receiving Hospital in the
patrol wagon.
Fettigrew and Whalen went into - the
Chutes and the former was arrested by
Policeman Reade and Identified by Den
nis. Pettigrew admitted stabbing Walsh
and said he did it because Walsh had
struck his friend, Whalen. • I
Four of the Witnesses Are
• Being Detained Pending ' V
the Inquest. V ' ; f;
Pettigrew Says He Killed
Him to Protect a
Friend.
WALSH'S MURDER
DELIBERATE ONE
Louis Dunn. Jack Hayes, the ex-base
ball player, and several others were sit
ting at the same table when the trouble
occurred, but they failed to see the cut
ting.
Last- night the wounded man was rest
ing quietly, and the attending physician
gave out that* unless blood poisoning set
in he would recover.
The woman positively declares that she
did not see a knife in the hands of
Moran.
"I can prove that I did - not cut him.
After we mixed It several persons took a
hand in the row, and I suppose that one
of them inflicted the wound."
"Vivian Gray corroborates Moran's story
as to the tintype.
"I was slightly acquainted with
Birdsall," 1 he said shortly after his ar
rest, "and at the invitation of a woman,
who is known as Vivian Gray. I sat
down at the table occupied by him and
his friends. The woman had a tintype of
myself and a friend, and she insisted on
showing it around. As the tintype caused
considerable laughter I asked hor to re
turn It to me, when it suddenly disap
peared. Thinking that Birdsall had it I
asked him for it, when he made some im
pertinent remarks. I replied, and then he
jumped out of his chair and, struck me.
The next instant a policeman grabbed me
and hustled me out of the "pavilion. I
started back with the intention of apol
ogizing to Birdsall when I was told that
he had Wen stabbed.
Birdsall's friends who were with him
when the cutting occurred disclaimed any
knowledge of his assailant. Billy Abbott,
the notorious divekeeper, was present
when the stabbing occurred, and as it was
claimed that he had a hand in the mix-up
the police .arrested him on suspicion of
having used the knife. Abbott vociferous
ly declared that he knew nothing of the
cutting, but despite his protestations he
was taken to the City Prison and locked
up in the tanks.
Last night Police Officer Maurice Be
han arrested Moran and charged him
with the crime. Moran had a discolored
optic as the result of coming in contact
with Birdsall's fist. He denied having
cut Birdsall, and claims that he will be
able to prove his innocence by at least
half a dozen people. • '
Moran immediately disappeared, while
the friends of the wounded man rallied to
his assistance. He was at once placed in
a hack and hurriedly driven to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where an examination dis
closed that he had been cut three times in
the region of the groin. The wounds were
dressed and the rnjured man was removed
to his home at 1454 Leavenworth street.
' Birdsall was . sitting at a table in the
dancing pavilion at the Chutes with sev
eral friends when some words passed be
tween him and Moran over a tintype,
which the latter claimed was his property.
Moran, it is claimed, applied a vile epi
thet to Birdsall, whereupon the latter
struck him in the face. Birdsall started
to follow up his advantage when he sud
denly fell back- with the cry: "He cut
me!"
George Birdsall,' son of Lieutenant of
Police Birdsall, was stabbed and seriously
wounded early yesterday morning while
attending the French celebration at the
Chutes. Marshall Moran, a barkeeper, his
alleged assailant, is under arrest, charged
with an assault to commit murder. . ;
Marshall Moran, the Alleged
Assailant, Is Arrested and
Charged With Crime.
George Birdsall Stabbed
Three Times in the
Groin.
SERIOUSLY CUT
AT THE CHUTES
The Chutes has a strong bill this week.
Coleman and Mexls are wonderful rifle
shots, performing difficult feats. P. J
Duffy plays the concertina in a clever
manner. Kalacratus repeated his former
success -with his novelty juggling and
hoop rolling. Others numbers are Flatt
and Sutherland, Spenser Kelly, P. Rich
ards and new moving pictures.
CbJites.
Fischer's Concert House.
Fischer's Concert House was well filled
last night by an audience amply apprecia
tive of the good programme. James J.
Mackay sang some good songs of his own
composition that were very well received,
and Clinton. Montgomery, the barytone,
also shared in the applause. Signors
Buzzi and Wanrell and Miss Cha,rity Mar
tin rendered the terzetto from "Ernani"
to enthusiastic applause, and the dancing
of the three Kelly sisters and the sketch
presented by Miss Alice Wren and Clar
ence Lyndon were appreciated. Mr. Hin
richs', orchestra maintained Its good repu
tation. ¦ .
The third week of the Tivoli's midsum
mer piece, "The Babes in the "Wood,"
opened to a good house last night, and the
precious pair were as amusing as. ever.
Hartman's new topics were all warmly re
ceived, and.Cashman- ably assisted the
principal comedian in the work of making
laughs. Cunningham's singing is much
admired and Webb and Annie Myers keep
the fun going. The Tivoli announces that
the advance sale for the season of grand
opera, which commences on July 29, will
open on Wednesday morning, July 17. The
regular sale for the opening week begins
Monday, the 22d.
Tivoli.
Tha Orpheum has a programme of stars
this week— stars that are twinkling here
for. the first time and stars who. were the
twinklers of the past week. The Chev
alier Enrico Mario Scognamillo, the world
famous 'cellist, made his first appearance
In his wonderful performance on the al
most human instrument and found ready
recognition. Charles Leonard Fletcher pre
sents much that Is new, amusing and en
tertaining in the monologue line. Etta
Butler is making her last appearance in
vaudeville and for her farewell is giving
her very best imitations; The Damm
brothers, celebrated European acrobats,
are nothing less than wonderful. The
hold-overs are Gilbert and Goldie with a
bunch of new jokes, the famous Prosper
troupe, Clayton "White and clever Marie
Stuart In their bright sketch "Geraldine,"
and Irving Jones with a batch of 'new
songs, jents and monologues. The Ameri
can biograph still holds a prominent place
on the bill and shows a series of views
of the Pan-American Exposition.
Orpheum.
The exquisite comedy, "The School for
Scandal," commenced Its second week .at
the "Alcazar Theater last night, to a
crowded house. Its presentation by* this
admirable stock company has much to be
commended arid ' little to be" condemned.
Miss Florence Roberts is ¦ charming as
Lady Teazle and is ably supported by
Barton Hill as Sir Peter Teazle and by
White Whlttlesey as Charles ¦ Surface.
Most of the other characters are well sus
tained, the most marked exception being
the carelessness of Edwin Emery. He
gives the impression of a twentieth cen
tury hoodlum instead of a gentleman of
the eighteenth century. Next week "The
Country Girl" will be produced.
Native Daughters.
The officers of Fremont Parlor, N. D.
G. W.. were installed last week In the
presence of a large r.umber of the mem
bers and visitors. Mrs. Thornagle. D. D.
G. P., was the installing officer.
The sheet and pillow case party that
was given on the night of thef 11th inst.
by Las Lomas Parlor in Twin Peaks' Hall
for the benefit of Its fund for the sick
was veil attended and was a great suc
cess. ¦
Arrangements are being made by one of
the local parlors to tender "a reception to
one of the recently elected grand officers.
Miss Maggie Fahey of Dardanelles Par
lcr. Sonora, is in this city, a guest of Past
Grand President Mrs. Belle W. Conrad.
Nina Kane, daughter of the rlrst grand
president of the order, Mrs. Tina L. Kane,
recently graduated from the Ventura
High School and will soon. enter the State
University.
The new officers of Piedmont Parlor,
Oakland, were installed by Mrs. Kalthoff
In public last week at the same
time that the officers of Piedmont Parlor
of the Native Sons wtre installed. The
hall was beautifully decorated with flags
and evergreens, and the stations of the
officers were covered with flowers. - Dur
ing the evening Mrs. Genevieve Baker,
grand president, on behalf of the parlor
presented to ench of the eight past presi
dents n beautiful badge emblematic and
designating the rank of the wearer In the
order. Mrs. Baker was in turn presented
with a larpe bouquet of choicest flowers
and <l case of crystal toilet articles. There
was x. programme of musical and literary
numbers and short addresses and dancing.
Florence Kimball, D. D. G. P.. of Visa
lia, has installed the officers of Hanford
Parlor in the presence of twenty-one
members and several visitors. The same
night Emma and Henrietta Thyarko were
Initiated. . ,. •
Edward Clifford, proprietor of the Ohio
saloon at 528 Pacific street, was stabbed
in the- back early yesterday morning In
his paloon by- Frank Brown, a colored
man, who made his escape after the stab
bing,- although pursued for some distance
by a policeman.
Frank Quinley and John Green, white
men, had been at the Chutes with Brown
ar.d another colored man, known as
"Jo-Jo." After leaving the Chutes they
went to Pacific street and Green and
"Jo-Jo" began to fight opposite Clifford's
saloon. Clifford went outside to see the
fight and encouraged Green. This angered
Brown and he followed Clifford into his
saloon and stuck a penknife into his back,
leaving it there. Policeman Men'.han
chased Brown, but was unable to over
take him. Clifford refused to go to the
Receiving Hospital and haA his wound
dressed by his own physician.
Detective Reynolds and Armstrong
have been detailed on the case. They ar
rested Quinley and "Jo-Jo," but Clifford
gaid they had nothing to do with the
stabbing'and they were discharged. The
detectives are searching for Brown.
Keeper, Attacked in Cowardly
Manner.
Edward Clifford, Pacific-Street Saloon-
STABBED IN" THE BACK
BY A COLORED MAN
Every seat in the house last night was
taken, and although the performance
did not come to an end before 11:25 the
audience would have waited much longer
had it been necessary to witness the re
ward of patriotism andi virtue and the
punishment of treason and ¦ vice as ex
emplified by 'James M. Brophy.rtha
Jules Verne's "Michael Strogoff" is one
of the most eventful and exciting, of all
the gifted Frenchman's productions) and
it will always remain a. favorite as long
as melodrama continues to be a weak
ness of human nature. "Michael Stro
goff" is presented at the Central with an
elaborateness as to scenery and stage set
ting that is seldom accorded to melo-'
drama, and the care that has been taken
by the management in the production of
the play will be rewarded by big houses
during the week.
Central.
The fourth .and positively the last week
of "Under Two Flags" began last night
at the Columbia Theater, with a crowded
house to its credit. This is by much the
most successful run of the season here,
and Miss Bates' impersonation of the
heroine is one of the most thrilling dra
matic features of the day.
An event of most exceptional interest
will be the performance of Ibsen's drama,
"Hedda Gabler." that will be given by
Miss Bates and her company next Friday
afternoon at the Columbia Theater,. It is
one of the rarest of local opportunities.
Ibsen's plays are only too seldom seen
anywhere, here practically never, and the
part of Hedda Gabler is one of magnifi
cent, opportunity for an actress. It is also
one of Miss Bates' most favored roles and
offers a chance of contrast with her pres
ent role of Cigarette that could not have
been more adroitly chosen.
Trie matinee will begin at 2;30 sharp.
Chauncey Olcott, in "Garrett O'Magh,
the new Irish play, will follow.
WHAT was the matter with E.
J. Morgan last night? ,
It cannot have been the
play, the new rubber-tired,
gilt-edged, steam-heated mel
odrama that is the Frawley offering of
the week. "The White Heather," by
Messrs. Cecil Raleigh and Henry Hamil
ton? Mr. Morgan has the title role of the
hero—one of them, that is, for the play
is lavishly fitted up in this particular.
He has the inestimable privilege of res
cuing the record of the deceived angel's
marriage with the villain— and such a vil
lain, look you!— in a snug fit of a diving
suit, from the bottom of the deep blue
tea. And still Mr. Morgan did not look
satisfied. To be sure, he did not yet the
lady, whom he also is in love with, be
cause, as he is only a gamekeeper^ It
would disappoint too seriously the Bow
Bells" audience, to whom the play makes
special appeal. But the gamekeeper has
opportunity afforded him for a Glorious
Death, coincidently with the opportunity
to basn the villain on the head, and takes
both ungratefully, without even a thank
you" to the authors, who have given him
such unusual chance for showing- what he
can do. What was the matter with Mor-
The rest of the company just turned
in and enjoved themselves with The
White Heather," along -with the gener
ously enthusiastic audience. Mary Van
Buren, as a dashing widow, Lady Janet
McClintock, beamed brightly through the
eleven scenes of the play, turning up with
a brilliant cheerfulness whenever the
fancy took her. Harrington Reynolds
fairly wallowed in the sumptuous villainy
of the part of Lord Angus Cameron,
piling on the, agony with a delightfully
vicious air. Theodore Roberts Introduced
a serious bit of good work as James
Hume, the Deserted Damsel's papa, and
the lady herself, who made all the trouble
by not permitting her titled husband s
brother, the Dook, to cut off the entail,
was played with Intelligent appreciation
bv Katherine Grey. The E>ook's part is
done by H. S. Duffleld. with a becoming
sense of its unimportance, and a feminine
quartet of the British aristocracy is paro
died rather too cruelly by Lillian Staf
ford. Christine Hill, Margaret Smith and
Pearl Landers.
"The White Heather" is well staged,
Eplendidly staged in parts. The picnic
scene at the beginning is a delight, and
th» gods whistled their old-time chorus
as the mysteries of Davy Jones' locker
came into view, and a real live automo
bile backed up into Battersea Gardens.
Everybody had a joyful time— actors, au
dience and critics alike, but— what was
the matter with E. J. Morgan?
e malve BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Columbia.
One of the pickets in front of the boy
cotted barber shop of A. Goldstein, 1(6
Fourth street, was badly beaten last
night. Journeymen Barbers' Union No.
148 disavows any connection . with the
matter, claiming that a- number of
drunken men assaulted the "sandwich
man."
;•.. Painters' t_*nion No. 173 has donated 5100
to the strike fund, besides subscribing $25
.for a prize to the picnic fund. Ten appli
cations were received, seven candidates
were initiated and one member tried for
ncn-compllance with union rules. His
punishment will be meted out later. The
.following named officers were installed:
'President. H. Beig-; vice president, H. Bean;
recording secretary. Walter Luke; financial
¦secretary., L>. Andrews; treasurer. George Burk
hardt: eergeant-at-arms, John Griffin; conduc
tor. .W. Campbell; trustees— J. Skemp, H.
Foley. H. Peterson; trustee Organized Labor,
William Danielson; trustee Labor Temple. Wil
liam Murray; trustee progressive mill, J.
Fkemp: press agent. W. Danlelson; business
agent, R. W. Hause.
¦ ¦ Carpenters" Vnlon Xo. 483. in addition
to its regular weekly contribut;on of 525
in aid of the striking ironworkers, has
donated $75 additional. Three member?
were initiated and a number of applica
tions were received.
: Various Union Matters.
;-In the latter part of June there was a
¦conference at the Palace Hotel, at which
.Messrs*. Dodd and Arnold represented the
Metal Trades Association and Wisler and
Fitzpatrick. the striking ironworkers.
Matters were progressing fairly well un
til the Municipal League interfered. A
settlement might have been reached at
that time, or a little later, but the con
ciliatory committee, while it accomplished
but little, has succeeded in tangling mat
. ters= so that no one knows exactly the
status of the situation. That the Iron
workers are ready to settle matters and
recede from many of their former de
mands is made evident by the foregoing
letter. It Is asserted by those in author
ity that a compromise may be effected in
a few daye. but what causes may Influ
ence the movement yet remains to be
•seen. .
Irving M. Scott of the Union Iron
"Works says that the nine-hour work day
will not be granted. He had heard yes
terday of the compromise offered by the
ironworkers, but expressed his opinion
that nothing hut a work day of ten hours
would be considered. The machinists are
equally determined to stand out for the
f.ine-hour work day.
"While none of the members of the Iron
Trades Council is willing to discuss the
situation, Mr. Jenks, to whom the letter
was addressed, says that according to his
understanding the machinists and others
interested in the strike have agreed to
submit the entire matter to arbitration,
their scle demand being for a nine-hour
day. with the question of evertime to be
based upon the day's pay that may later
be settled upon.
Favor Arbitration.
We inclose you a copy of the last request
made in connection with the movement for the
Fhorter workday, which, compared with the
original requests, will show tbat the signing
of the written agreement, the apprenticeship
clause and the Krievance clause have been
waived, and outside of the nine-hour day the
committee has authority to discuss all other
l>oir.ts. Trusting the above is satisfactory, 1
remain, respectfully yours,
W1L.LIAM P. McCABE,
President Iron Trades Council.
¦\Vhen the Ironworkers went out on
May 20 a demand was made for a nine
hour work day at the eame relative rate
as was given for ten hours' work, but
with an Increase of pay of 12*4 per cent.
Other conditions were also Imposed relat
ing to overtime, apprentices and other in
cidental features. Efforts to settle the
controversy proved without results until
yesterday, wnen Livingston Jenks, chair
man of the conciliatory committee, re
ceived the following letter:
SAJf FRANCISCO. July 13, 1301.
Livingston Jenks Esq., chairman conciliatory
committee — Dear Sir: In reply to your letter
Ma etate that a committee has been appointed
with full power to act.
It Is now only the Question of one hour
and the rate of pay to be set for the
clay's work that separates the striking
ironworker from resuming his former
employment and ending: the controversy
which commenced eigrht weeks ago. The
Ironworkers are ready to waive many of
the demands for which they have stub
bornly fought. Conferences between the
men on 6trlke and the representatives of
the men who employed them have been
many and frequent and at last a basis of
arbitration has been reached.
Status of Strike Puzzling,
With Signs of Early
Settlement.
Strikers Abate Demands
and Await Further
Overtures.
READY TO MEET
FOR DISCUSSION
THE SA*tf FRANCISCO CALL, TUESD A Yy JULY 16, 1901.
Frawley Company Presents Piece to Big Audience— "Michael
Strogoff" at Central— Orpheum Gives Best in Vaudeville:
Blanche Bates and Florence Roberts Are Drawing- Well
"THE WHITE HEATHER"
IS WARMLY RECEIVED
5
CENTRAL THEATER STAR WHO
IS APPEARING IN THE GREAT
RUSSIAN MELODRAMA.
Alcazar.
Michael Strogoff, and James Corrigan, the
Ivan Ogareff of the cast. Margaret Mar
shall displayed histrionic ability of the
right temper In the role of Marfa, and
Blanche Douglass' Nadia was an. equal
favorite in the applause. The fun of the
play was well furnished by Willard Black
more and Stanley Ross as the war corre
spondents. The company is a strong one —
the best probably that has ever appeared
here in melodrama.
IT WILL ADD TO YOUR EN-
JOYMENT AND HEALTH.
lit Breakfast Foot
For the Country, and Seaside.
" -When you leave the hot and dusty dty
for your country home, camping ground,
or the seaside, see that you take a supply
of delicious Malt Breakfast Food with you.
A morning dish of Malt Breakfast Food
¦will add immensely to your health and
enjoyment In July and August. The best
grocers already have orders booked for
the various country resorts. No other
grain food so e.a$ily digested, so appetiz-
ing and healthful. At all grocers.
RAILWAY TRAVEL
Five Cheap
Excursions
- ¦ y ¦
Santa Fe
The places, the rates for
the round trip and the
dates of sale are below.
The other details can be
had of the Santa. Fe
Agents.
' BUFFALO, $87.00
Aug. 22 and 23;
:-¦-" Sept. 5 and 6.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 20 and 21.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
August 20 and 21.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
THE COMFORTABLE WAY IS
641 Market Street.
GALIFORHU R0RTH1ESTEM RY. CO.
, LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
',¦?: RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market Sfc
San Francisco to Sas Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a, m.: 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 V. m. Thursdays — Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays—Extra trips at 1:5(1
and 11:30' p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00,- 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 1:9.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
bun Rat'ael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS^-6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. tn. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:55
and 8:35 p. m. . . .
SUNDAYS-S:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m. i
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Franciaco. I April 28. 1901.1 San Franeiaco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
B'ulton. ¦
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsbur?. 10:40 am
Lytton.
¦".'.. Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale f 7:33 pm «:20 pm
7:30 amj-5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pml 8:00 arc, and UTclah. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am| • | 110:40 am 10:25 am
f 8:00 ami Gueraevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm) 5:00 pm) t:20 pm'
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:13 am 8:40 am
.•¦ -- ;.- ¦ w .and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:05pm 6:20 pm
.7:30 ami 8:00 ami ¦ 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmi 6:00 pint Sebastopol. 1 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa (or Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaess Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carfs-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and - Bartlett
Springs; at TJkiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, . Llerley'B, BuckneU't,
Sanhedrln I Helzhts, Hullvllle, Orr'a Hot
Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Brajrg, . West-
port, : . Usal, Willlts. LaytonviUe. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, ' Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced : rates. •
On . Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.'
Ticket Office, .650 Market street. Chronlcl*
• . • Building.
¦ ¦ ' ¦¦¦¦¦¦.'¦¦¦
H. C. WHITING, ?fljiKg£H.-.3C.--RYA!f.--
¦ Gen. Manager. Gen. -Pass. Agt.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* I«nv« und nr« ilii* to j»rri*« at
MAN r»A!«t|N<:«.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
LEAVE — FROM JdT 14, 1901. — ARBITS
7:00a Beuicia, Suisun, Elmira and Sacra-
mento CiSSr
TiOOa. Vicaville, Winters, Rums*- j 7t33p
V:3«* Martinez, Sau lt»mou, Vallejo. N»pa,
Cali»tog» amTSanU Kosa «:25p
8:00a DftTia, Woodland, Kniguta Landlny,
Marygrllie, Oro»ille_ 7»33p
SiOOA Atlantic Kzpreu— Ogden and East ]2:S3p
SsO»a Niles, Iiithrop, Stockton... ?:23p
StOOANUes, ileudota. Hxaioid. Visall*.
Porterville 4:33p
8i30a ShMta Express— Daxis, WHliama (for
Cartlett Springs), Willows. Reil
Bluff, Portlaud. 7:8S?
• |U»A Sau Jo««, Llvennor*. Stockton.
lone, Sacramento. Flacsrville,
MorysfillH, Chlco, Ue>l Khiir 4iC1p
SiSOa Oakdaie, Chinese (Yosemite;, So-
nora, Carters ' 4:25p
»:OO* ITay ward. Nilts and Way Stations.. 1 1 s>V1\
9<«Oa Vallejo ltt:23r
»i»»A Ixxt Antcelea Express — Martinez,
Tracj. Lathrop. .Stock ton, Mereeti
Fresno and Los Anzules 7t23p
DtltO* ValMn, Martinez and Way Station* ?:33r
I O:OOa Th« Overlaud IJml ted— Osdon, Dea-
ver, Omaha. Chicago A:ft3p
fl:«Or SacrmuBUlo i:i»«r Ste«niera 13:(»i»\
3:3»p Hayward, HiUrn mud Way Htstlona.. 7>A3r
4i«o r JJeulda, Winters, Baeraiuenlo.. *>.
Woudiand, KnitjIiU ],»udiii(f.
MurvsTille, OroTlllo 10:33a
4>«Or Martiuex. Hau lUinoii. Vallejo, .
Napa. <:»ll«toK». Santa IIobp. »iMa
4:OOr Niles, Livermore. Stockton. Lotli... IS>a3p
¦li;s«»f H»yw»rd, Mies, Han .lonn, Iivtrmoro t ¦*»••"»•"»<
4>30p Port Cobs. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton 1 u:23 a
3:«0FThfl Owl Limited— Fiesuo, Tulare,
BakeraSal J. Hangua for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Angeles 8:33\
StOOp Martinez, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 1S:S9>
5jO«p Yosemit« 13:33p
0<30p New Orleans Eipre»s— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersfleld. Los Angeles,
Iteming. El Vaso, New Orleans
and East ?i33a
• mop Hayward, Niles and Sau Josa 7s3»a
fdiOOp Vallejo 1 1:23\
tt:O»r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cliejenna,
Omaha, Chicago 12:23p
• :OOf Oriental Mall— Oedeo, Denver.
St. Lonl». Chicago. 4:33p
7»«Or Oregon aud California Kz|>rera,Hae>
liiinentd, Marjstllle, ICfiMlngc,
rortliiml, 1'iiget Honnil nnil Kask 9i33a
ii«3pSan Pablo. Pnrt Costa, Martinez
ami Way Statlous 11>33a
tSiOJp Vallejo 7i3»p
COAST LINE (Narrow Oange). "
(Foot o( Market Street.)
' fI«**5A Santa Ctnz Exenrsion to rfanta Cnu
and Principal Way Stations iSsOS*
Bil3AKenark.CeiitaTTllle,8ao.lost>,FeltoD.
Voulder Crtek.UautaL Cmz and Way
Htiitloiii!..... SiSnr
tStlOp Newark, Ceiilerville, San Jose, Nnw
Alnmileu, Felton, ItnuMor </'reel> t
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations IOi.Ioa
4il3p Nowark, Hau Joae. Ix>s Gatoa t«t!"K»A
a-«il3p Glen wood.BoTilder Creek. Santa Cior «w»3«a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm SIS mxCISCO-Foot of Muktt Street (SUa 8>—
t7:15 9:00 11:00a. U. 1:00 3:03 S:lSr.M.
rwaOUUND— f«l »f Br«>iw«j. — t«:0O t3:00 13:03
10:00a.M. 13:03 2:B3 i:33r.U.
COAST LINE (Itroail (iango).
y (Third and Townsemi Sto.) -
WilOA San Joee»nd Way Htationa. «»::«•> a
i~:UO\ Hnn .lo«» ami Way Statluna;. ....... 1>»» P
/7:«Ua New Almadrn / *:Wr
J7:;tOA Sunday Excursion for 8aa Joe.
Panta Cruz. Pacific Grore and
Principal Way Stations tS:30p
I»iOOa Hun .loss. Holliater. Hmit* t.'rin. -.
• j- • Pacllic tlrure, Salinas. Han tcia
Obispo, Santa. Barbara ami Prtn-
- dpal intermediate Stations Ti3' % p
10:30a San Jcse and Way Stations C:3up
1 I:SOa Sai> Josh and Way .Stations SiJIop
t»> lip San Mateo. Uedwood. Menlo Park.
Falo Alto. Hanta Clara. S»i. .line.
Hoi' 1st er, Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Monterey and Pacific Grove H0:4."Ja
*:SOr San Jose, Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz,
Pacific GroTS and Way Stations 4:l<»p
|4:13p San Joie and Principal Way Stations »:4V<
t3:OOrSan Joae, Los Gatos and l'riueipal
WaySUtions ,
»:SOp San Jose aud PrincipslWay Stations 8:30a
•<O0p Redwood, flan Jos*. Gilroy. Salinas,
SaiiU Barbara, Loa Angeles 10:03a
Gs^ltp Sau Jose and Way .Stations tft:A»A
m\\ »45p San Josa and Way Stations 7:3Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday on!y.
• Saturday only. « Monday.
• Saturday anl Sunday, /Tuesdays and Friday*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• Tla 8itt««llui Porrj— r«ot of Vtrkec St.
I^Oa. M. -arrrpir niT s < 3:35 P. ir.
1-45 r if , W »B* DAYS J - „ • •¦•
Jiii 1: £ > *« ••« "^ ¦*.*• tat " s < is Ii-£
8 :00 A. M. ) ( 12:15 P.* It
9«0 a. M. 1:15 p. m.
SSZZh - 8TOD^ •< 5^:2:
130 P.M. 5jO?.sc
230 P. M.J ' 7:10 p. m.
Tare. Saa PraiMtss* ts Samnit sad fetoro. $1.40
Ticket OfBcea. 621 Market St.. & Sansalito Ferry.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS.
Dally Palace and Tourist Steepens.
. Dlnlns Car, Meals a la Carte.
Library Observation ' Car.
Reduced Round Trli> Rates to -Eastern Points.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. 833 Market St. - .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62O SEAEKT ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private)
Diseases. Lost Mannood. Debility or
disease wearing on body ami mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures: when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
<:nr»« cnarantred. Call or write,
Pr. J.T. tllBBOX. Hcii I'ranciacc. Cat.
R- ?PATENTS^J:j
MARKET ST. S.F.>*S^
A cabinetmaker Is one of the circum-
stances that alter cases.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOSTON'S BARBER REGTJLATIONS
Board of Health Orders Sterilization
of All That.JJarbers Use on
Customers.
A special dispatch from Boston, May 5,
1900, to the '-New, York; Sun; gives as new
regulations of the Boston Board of Health
as : to barber shops: "Mugs, - shaving
brushes and razors shall be sterilized after
each separate use thereof. A separate,
clean towel shall be used for each person.
Material to stop the flow of blood shall be
used only in powdered form' and applied
on a towel. Powder puffs are prohibited."
Wherever Newbro's "Herplclde" Is • used
for face or scalp after shaving or hair-
cutting there is no danger, as it is an an-
tiseptic and kills the dandruff 'germ. ~ ¦¦,-
. t • . . .
THE EMPOBIXTM. J V , THE EMPORITTM.
m *' ¦ ' "' - •¦"**"^?V "' mm ¦ • 5
J^ flBV %0P^fi2S yfj^Y mmm "Nf
\Romnsint Dsty\
% The regular monthly event in the bie store,' when J j
{ from one-quarter to one-third is taken- off the already J j
\ reduced remnant prices, to dispose of in one day the*;
J accumulation of short ends for the preceding four -J r
j weeks. .Remnants accumulate here, not by the dozens j ;
* or hundreds, but'by the thousands. s ;
*• ''¦'-, *¦-* '¦ ' A . - . • *
•? Offices fSnnrftS Black and Colored— Strictly up-to-date Dress Fabric, rwn- V
it m ZJ MS9S9 •*«#«#•*»,, nanw of all wooland gjjk and wool challies, Etamines* S
K n€tttti3tttS 'Crepe?, Albatross, Henrietta-, CheTiots, Kerseys, Golf 5
J* < Skirting, etc., in length* suitaile fcr waists, skirts and quite a number large enough for com- jg j
jf p'tti ccstumes;' all marked for to-day (Tuesday) only,' at a further reduction of ono» }t
£ * quarter off marked prices* - -J ,
*¦¦¦¦;' - ¦ ¦¦ ; : ; J:
jf Df»ntn StntsS A very large assortment of lace, embroideries, nets, dress trim- Jf 4
X "«*""«¦"•*»# mlng?, ruchings, braid, yokings, all-overs, chiffon, liberty silks, Jf j
K L&CCSf CtCm , etc., are marked for special tale to-day (Tuesday) only, on0» {E ;
J> third Off our rcgu'ar cheap remnant prices. ' Jf j
* • ' ! — ; : . '¦¦ 5;
*? DStthnvn Over 3000 «h°rt lengths of Hbbon, measuring from t to 3 yards, «J .
K "¦•^••'•'** have accumulated during the * past month. There are all styles in t{ :
If nGittfiSHltS this lot and rno'tly all colon, inducing black. From the already Jf :
tC "reduced remnant price we make a further reduction to-day of ono-qiltirtor Offm £ !
fi I/flf/flf tt"' .More than zooo Veiling Remnants in Black, Magpie and all popu- jg ,
If '¦W^S'tMBMjg Jar ciojj^ia lengths sufficient for face Veils, and in an almost limit- M i
J? nGlilttSMtttS lcs variety of styles; again reduced for the remnant day tale Jf \
tf one-quarter off marked prices* . v
it • ¦ . ¦¦• . •. i • — : — : — ¦ — "~ ' * • S ;
it f*gja*f*»!ns Snit Hundreds of ort log* 1 " of den'ms, cuttain swist, curtain 5 '
K Tf U *€Mlaa9 . maiam* ¦ nef> cretonne> burlaps, furniture tapestry, lilk damask, «
£> DfSSp CB*BGS sateen, silkolines, madras, velours or Oriental stripes; all V
IS markea lor th: Tuesday sales aa a further reduction of one-quarter Off* 5
* V\fg»sh 'SHitS as arc not rcmnants » ut 8uc^ an important item of this 5
g> "^•"^* *O^K week's store news that we again call your attention to the sale. 5
|£ Ciit lO W0C Our entire stock of the best quality wash silks that arc made* J*
.ft in a large variety of handsome patterns, in such colorj as rose, light bine, tan, navy, Nile*
I» ,' . green, lavender, etc. — great value at our regular price, 50c per yard, are now 4% «¦* jS
V on sale to c!o<c at «"«7C V
If / . - ¦ • '''"*¦ *
5 CAUFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. %
. ' . ¦ RAILWAY TBAVEL.V .
I Through ceats I
B^^^^^S^^ Nowadays it's the easiest thing in II
Ifc-T^^^jfp}- the world to go east via the Burling-. II
H 3 - Thro' tourist sleepers leave San [a
&Y If^liSigSir Francisco Tuesdays and Thursdays II
h* 4P«1?£ * or ma^ a » Chicago, Kansas, City ||
8 i /*v\lv Thro' Pullman sleepers, San Fran- ||
1 I I \jr\ cisco to Chicago, daily. Dining-cars j|
1 I I yP\y the way. Library cars east of Den- " |i
i| I r l^/ . ver. Finest scenery on the globe. IS
M \r^ PTlS IfclMKllSlj! Tickets and berths at 631 Market jM
flu / j» lfH*'.*t* 1 jl^*i W. D. Sanborn, General Agent. RJ
Santa Fe Trains north pacific coast railroad.
Lea^e Market-street Ferry Depot. ' eornmirfcYn**"^ STuOL*
I I-ocal I Lim'd I Ovrl'd I local FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
I Dally I ?; I Dally | Dally AND SAN RAFAEL,.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9=00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p i 2 >X E ?, I i5 D AI S 7:^.i S 5 :30 . > S .r- 9:^:4-" :00 m a - m -
Ar. Stockton,. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 I TRiP^Flr^MUrVaUe^ a™d San
llerced .. 12.22 p 1.17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
Fresno .. 2:0a p 2:3o p 3:0»a M):oO p an d Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. . . :
.. Sf n^? Vln 3:27p i : ?S a .SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, •3:00.- •10:00. 11:00, 11:30
- 'wiKlffiVi fi-'i ? 5 'k'ink' 7- : !ft a " a. m., 12:45, -1:30. 2:30. -3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
Bakersfld 6.19 p 5 20 p 7:30 a... ... p J m ; u : oo a. m. does not run to San Rafael
„ Kan 3 - Cy *-J? a H? a ••• Sundays. -
Chicago .......... 2:1a p 9:00 p Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
¦ a for morning, p for afternoon . FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
%:W am. tTftlnis the California Urn- -WEEK^ ¦ DAYS - •5:25, 6:27. 7:47. 8:33. 10:15
lted. leavlnsr Monday and Thursday only a - :u - *12:2=- 1:1a. 2:20. »3:3o. 4:40. 6:30 p.m.
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and. Dining ' X J? A A TRIPS '.on Mondays, Wednesdays
Cars through- to Chicago. Chair Car run! an fc ? 1T £ a^^¦..?^%V¦ I^4?' : 21t5o ln ;¦• m ¦ ...
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of lo- 6 ;^ % *--'a- *^- \J?", n H
cal nrst-class passengers. : No second-class m.. 1:00. 2:lo. »3:30, 4:30, •o:4a. 6:4a. 7:30. 10:10
tickets honored on this train. '¦ Correspond- P'^, 1 "; "', j '¦' ,,-i " » ,¦•
arrlves at - 5:55 SsssSs^ i^&w&g&Pi&'i&ss&Sso:-
4:20p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local. „ ilo^B-io^'-O^m 10:3 °
CorrespondlnR train arrives at 12:30 p. m. ''on 3 Monday, 5 ' widn^sday,
- R-Aft n m In 'the -Overland Ernwat - wI*k and Saturdays at R 7:10 and 10:33 d. m.
o*vv - p. in. is w*e »-/ vctimiu lj a press, Wltn . „....-. . -vo e -t- i o -nn ia »n- * 11 .ia « -« <»,!.
through Palace [ and Tourist Sleepers . an^ , S, U^ DAT ,^T 6 -^ % 'f.\- 10 ,??- "n«S« « U
Free -ReclininK Chair Cars to , Chicago ; 1:20> 2:30> . 3 " throtioh' trains P "
F^n^^rr!iSn^Sn Ct aVr,r.ai - -• 3KS^d sta-
P a. m m da " y BakerVflei* Local. a toppin« ; ' , 3:15p - m " Saturdays-Cazadero and way sta-
"i?™V%£&S£*&>. 'imBroadw^v^T Tra al rn.SundI a slcaz& end way stations.
¦ land • a Franclsc °: 1U2 r0ad , wa ?;'. Oak - .10 a. m. Sundays^-Point Reyes and wayThe Ohio Democrats have made "up their minds
not to drop Bryan, but to forget him. However, if
Senator Foraker keep his voice during the campaign
they will have a'mighty hard time forgetting. ' x '
It is strange with all these terrific thunderstorms
in the East of which we have been reading the light
ning hasn't struck a single candidate for any office,
- and yet there are hundreds of them with their rods up.
When the people of the Eastern cities were swel
terirrg in the heat of the hot wave the optimists went
about saying, "This is good- weather for corn"; but
now that corn is being blighted in the fields the only
thing they can say is that it is good weather for beer.
The Filipino prisoners at Guam are said to have or
ganized a government of their own; but whUe the
experiment is commendable as a pastime for men in
captivity, it can hardly be called a free government
and is not likely to take an appeal to The Hague
Best Way $to the Yosamlte.
The Santa Fe to Merced and utaze ' theno*
via Merced . Falls. CoutterriUe.' Hazel Green.
Merced Els Trees. Caacada Fails and Bridal
Veil Falls. aTrivlnc at Sentinel Hotel at 5 th»
next afternoon. This is the most popular routa
and the rates are the lo-s est. Ask at 641 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
'¦'.-,' -i ¦''¦ \ - ¦¦'}':, '¦'¦- ;¦-*¦'¦ iV - * ¦¦ •"
W. K: *yanderbilt' isvtrtported to have imported
from Germany, an automobile having a capability' of
making^seven>'-five miles an hour; but it is a safe
beYhe'doesn'ttryto prove* it.-- •¦-- ; - r -^ • * "*"'-'
¦¦¦¦¦•} , ¦
In Washington City,: on the glorious Fourth, one
hodcarrier said to another: "I am going to Baltimore
street." ; The other said: "I'll bet a dollar you are not,
for there is no Baltimore street in Washington." The
bet was takenand the pair consulted a city directory
and found three Baltimore streets. Thereupon a fight
ensued, an'd the first hodman stabbed the other and
killed him. He was then himself arrested and locked
up in prison; so he did not go to Baltimore street.
Question: Which won the bet?
' "-It was mean' of Omaha to start^ midsummer bull
fights just when Buffalo wished to draw all the sports
to her midway; but'just the same Buffalo keeps
ahead, for Omaha -cannot make a show by sending
a crocodile' to shoot Niagara. v^
A woman was arrested the other day in New York
for insisting upon smoking a cigar in a public restau
rant. •: She; probably believed that exhibitions of "in
decency, are privileged to her sex.
WASHINGTON, .July 15.— The following
Californians are in Washington: At the
Raleigh. George Fredericks; St." James, J.
I. Mortimer of Berkeley and R. T. Hunt
of Alameda; National, T. Dickson; Metro
politan, H. N. Clum. ;.
Californians in_ Washington:
. Our weather is. cool enough, but if the Republican
State Central Committee should be/ fool enough to
give Kelly, Crimmins, Herrin and company a chance
to break into the Republican party in this city it
would not be long before politics here would be hot
enough to make Ohio seem like a summer resort.
On July. 22d a special excursion rate of J JO
for the round trip, San Francisco to the Grand
Canyon of Arizona, will be made. Leaving San
Francisco at 8 p. m. en the 223. you reach th»
Canyon«f or supper the 23d. No other sight la
comparable to this, the grandest of nattjre'«
marvels. : >Ask at 641 Market street, the Santa
Fe office, about It.
Grand Canyon Excursion;
WHEN the Russians / projected their various
lines across Asia they did not contemplate
' the possibility of a rival arising to cross
their paths. At the earliest suggestion of the con
struction of a railway from Constantinople eastward
across Southern Asia to India and to China they en
tered a formal protest, and their influence with the
Sultan was sufficiently strong to prevent him for many
a year from granting such a concession. Finally,
however, Germany and Great Britain combined were
able to overcome the opposition and a number of Ger
man capitalists, haying the support of their Govern
ment, obtained a concession to construct a road from
Angora, the present terminus of a German railway in
Asia Minor, through the .valley of the Euphrates, to
El Kuweit, on the Persian Gulf.
The distance from the Bosporus to the Persian
Gtilf is about 1750 miles.' From that point the next
project would be to extend the road still farther v east
so as to connect it with the railway. systems of India
and China. A recent description of the- projects says'
that from El Kuweit across t Persia to Baluchistan,
where the British sphere of influence begins, would
require the construction of a line about 700 miles.
From that point to "Kurrachee, in Western British
India, 520 miles of railw*y~wiirn_ed to be built) -India" '
A SOUTH ASIAN RAILWAY.
There are In the State of Washington,
as nearly as can be estimated, 117,000 000 -
000 feet of standing timber, and. approx
imately, 5.000,000 acres of irrigable lands.
Bryan says: "Our good friend, Abdul Hamid Wool
omoi, the Sultan of Sulu, will be satisfied as long as
the salary voucher follows the flag"; 'and the Demo
crats had better, put that in their scrap books, for it is
the best thing Bryan ever^said. • V
Special information supplied dally t»
business houses and public men by th«
Press CHpplrsE Bureau <AUeVs>. 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 10C •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend"*.*
Choice candies. Townserd's. Palace Hotel #
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, July 15,— The following
Californians are in New York: Frcm San
Francisco— M. Ansbro. at the Victoria: E.
D. Eullard, at the Ashland: E. A. Clark,
atthe Victoria; Mrs. C. H. Coulter, at the
Astoria; T. Doran, at the Morton House;
Mme. Dorne, at the Westminster; C: E.
Jackson, atShe, Broadway Central: E. E.
World and wife, at the Vendome.
From Los Angeles— Mrs. Fletcher, at
the Cadillac; L. Isaacs, at the Cadillac;
C. B. Sevis, at tho Imperial; J. P. Trafton
and wife, at the Imperial; C. H. Maitin,
at the Belvedere.
From San Diego— W. F. Conover, at the
St. Denis.
THE Marin Tocsin despairs of defending the
base and slopes of Mount Tamalpais from fires
set by vandals and the hoodlums who resort
there for Sunday sinning. Annually for several years
the mountain has beea attacked by fire until its
bearded cheeks are getting bare, and the umbrageous
delights which its forests offered are going up in
smoke and down in ashes. It is the source of water
supply for the towns around its base, and its con
servation of moisture is the cause of fertility of all the
region over which it stands guard. These are func
tions of the mountain, however, for which the Sun
day picnic blackguard cares nothing. He is bent on
destruction. If he can start a forest fire it increases
what he thinks is his happiness and enjoyment of
life. These wretches have been known to interfere
with the settlers of that region in their effort to put
out fires. They make Sunday a day of terror and
peril. The Tocsin says the citizens are utterly un
zble to cope with them, and have learned that it is
dangerous to resist them at all. It is concluded,
therefore, that the only way to save the forests of the
mountain and preserve the peace of that region is
by making it a Federal reservation; connected with
Lime Point military reservation, and putting it under
military patrol and control.
We sympathize, warmly with the proposition to pro
tect the mountain and the peace and order of the
tract that must be traversed to gain access. to its sum
mit. But we wish that Marin County would first
prove that it can compel order and punish disorder
within its borders. The United States will not ac
cept as a gift a reservation upon the plea that the
local authorities cannot keep the peace there, and
the soldiers are needed to act as gendarmes for that
purpose. Disorders of that kind are common to all
large cities, and it would be a hazardous precedent to
set if their existence were made the reason for as
suming Federal jurisdiction and having permanent
martial law. There are many reasons why an exten
sion of Lime Point military reservation would be de
sirable, and as such policy would serve the purposes
of the General Government and of the local people
it should be carried cut, . . *•
RESERVING TAMAL.PAIS.
ADDRESSING A PACKAGE— "Zip,"
City. The question refers no doubt to a
package to he sent through the mail. If
that Is so, it. should be addressed In the
same manner as a letter would be ad
dressed. The following style is a good
one:
If not calied for,
Return« to John Smith, ;-' *
4114* Market street, San Francisco, Cal.
Thomas Brown,
Sacramento,
44114 J Street. California.
CORN STARCH— F. H. A., Exeter. Cal.
The general process of manufacturing
corn starch is as follows: The corn is first
macerated in a weak alkaline solution,
containing about 200 grains of caustic
soda to a gallon of water. This alkali dis
solves the gluten, but leaves the starch in
the grain. After standing about twenty
four hour^ the alkaline liquid is drawn
off and the grain, after be:ng well washed.
Is drained and is then ground into flour.
A fresh quantity of lye is added to it. and
It is again digested for twenty-four hours
or so. with frequent stirring. It is then
left for about seventy hours, in -which
time the dissolved gluten rises and forms
a yellowish stratum at the top. This part
is carefully drawn off, leaving the fibrous
part of the grain at the bottom, inter
mixed-with starch. • This deposit 13 then
washed with cold water several times and
! the water drawn off until nothing is left
but the fibrous part of the grain, while
the water which has carried off the starch
in solution deposits it In a perfectly pure
condition. The starch,' when perfectly
dry.- is packed for. market.. The» yield is
about twenty-five pounds to a bushel of
corn. ¦.-"¦'¦ J. ¦¦•
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND— J. R., City.
John Ireland, Archbishop, was born in
Burnchurch, County Kilkenny, Ireland.
September 11. 1838. He came to the United
States in 1S49, locating in St. Paul, Minn.,
where he completed his education in tho
cathedral preparatory to entering the
priesthood. The published biographies of
the Archbishop do not give any informa
tion relative, to his. -parents, such as =is
asked for: ,
MILITART SCHOOLS— R. B. N.. Es
parto, Cal. There is the "United States
Military Academy at West Point and an
artillery School (U. S.) at Fort Monroe.
Va. There are in the United States more
than fifty universities and colleges which
are classed as military schools, because
military tactics are taught there by offi
cers detailed from the United States army
fcr that purpose.
TEMPERATURE IN JUNE— J. S. F..
San Jose, .Cal. The following is the tem
perature of the 2Sth of June. 1901, in ten
of the twelve cities of California asked
for: San Francisco S2, LOS Angeles 94,
Oakland S5, Sacramento 104. San Jose 103,
San Diego 86. Alameda — , Fresno 105, .Val
lej 0 _ t Pasadena 93, Riverside — , Santa
Rosa 99.
SELLING A WATCH-W. J., City. If
a party borrows money from another an<l
deposits a watch as security, and the
money is not returned at the time It
should have been so returned, the party
holding the watch has the right to sell it
if he gives di>e notice to the owner of the
watch, of the time and place of the pro
posed sale.
STEALING A MEAL— A. C. B-. City.
If an individual in the Slate of California
goes into a restaurant, obtains a meal and
then walks out without paying- for it ho
is liable to arrest and punishment. By a
special law such an act was declared a
misdemeanor and punishable as such.
CORNISHMAN— Subscriber, City. Cor
nishmen and Cornishwomen are terms
used to designate the inhabitants ol Corn
wall, a maritime county, which is the
southwestern extremity of England.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
MORTGAGE-P., City. When m a first
mortgage in California lapses the second
mortgage becomes the first mortgage.
MARRIAGE OF A BABE— J. J., City.
This department does not know of "the
marriage of a boy 9 months old to a wo
man 29 years of age."
TAXATION— F. B., Merced Falls, Cal.
Unpatented Government land taken up by
the head of a family as a homestead is
not liable for taxes to State or county,
but the Improvements thereon are.
Fred G. King, a Denver mining man, Is
at the Grand.
Dr. E. *W. Bidde of Healdsburg is a
guest at the Lick. ' J.
P. F. Brown, an oil man of Holllster, Is
a guest at the Lick.
John R. "Williams, a prominent clubman
of Philadelphia, is a guest at the Palace.
Lady Freellng of England returned from
Del Monte yesterday. She is at the Occi
dental.
Dr J. J. Harley, the well known physi
cian, of Glencoe. is in the city on business
and is a guest at the California.
J. B. C. Morris, after having been ab
sent from the city for twelve years, has
returned and is at the Lick House.
James Remmle. one of the largest wine
manufacturers of the State and an owner
of large vineyards at St. Helena, is at the
Lick.
John F. Alden, a prominent figure in the
iron trade at Rochester, N. Y., is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife and chil
dren.
Sands" W. Forman returned (yesterday
from a three>weeks' cruise on board the
yacht Aggie as the guest of James V.
Coleman.
D. D. Ollphant, a wholesale grocer of
Portland, Or., and a prominent member of
the Chamber of Commerce of that city,
is at the Grand.
H. B. Madison of the firm of Madison,
Bruce & Sellars returned from a' trip to
the East yesterday. He visited New
York, Chicago, "Washington and the Pan-:
Ajmerican Exposition at 'JBjjffalo. Mr.
Madison was accompanied by^hls wife.
Theodore F. Bonnet, editoA of Town
Talk, leaves for an extended tour of the
East Thursday. To-morrow evening he
will be entertained at a farewell banquet
by about twenty-five members of the local
lodge of Elks at a downtown restaurant.
Frank Cummings. who has been head
clerk of the Palace Hotel for the last
seven years, has resigned and will become
head clerk at the Hotel del Monte. Mr.
Cummings is immensely popular and has
made many friends during his years of
labor at the Palace. • ' -
PERSONAL MENTION.
mHE German Emperor has designed two beautiful, memorial cards in honor of th* Germans who have fallen In Chlna--.
I one for the army and one for the navy. These cards will be handed to the nearest relatives of the dead . soldier or
1 sailor, with name and the date of his death upon it. Across each card runs the legend: "He died for Kaiser and
country, Honor his memory.". , , ,,,,,, , ,_,..^u, l ,.,.,,v,.u,',: . T , t , T y /. i,»,, f ,, T .,T.. v ,T.J
A CHANCE TO SMILE. ~
"We're short of reading: matter," said
the assistant editor of the Temperance
Bugle.
"Well,'' replied the editor, "run tn that
story about the workman who fell off the
top of the Wayuppe building: yesterday."
"But we have no proof. that his death
was due to drink."
"I know; but we can head the- story *A
Drop Too Much.' "—Montreal Star.
The Boer pressed his^ bayonet against
my breast. /
"Quarter, forsooth!" sneered he. "Ton,
who devastate our farms, burn our homes
and, as if this were not enoueh"—
Here his voice rose to a shriek.
"To wear those dinky lozenge hats, with,
the latchet under your nose!"
I could see that he was awfully angry,
but my British blood was up, and I
laughed In his face.— Detroit Journal.
"John," she said, as she toyed with one
of his coat buttons, "this is leap year, ia
it not?"
"Yes, Hamle." he answered, as ha
looked fondly down on her golden head
that was pillowed on his manly bosom.
"This is the year when the proposing i3
done by the* young ladies?" ¦
"I hope you don't expect me to propose
to you?"
"Why, JJamle dear. I never gave ' th»^
matter a thought. I— er— to— to tell the
truth, I've only known >'ou for— that is to
say"—
"I'm^jglad you didn't expect me to- pro
pose. I'm not that kind. I hope. No, Jon*?*
dearest, I couldn't be so immodest. I'm
going to let you do the proposing yourself,
in the cld-fashioned way. The old-fash
ioned way Is pood enough for me."
And the gentle maiden gave her lover a
beaming smile and the younj? man re
joiced that he had found such a treasure
of modesty.— Tid Bits.
The beautiful girl shivered when I told
her that I had never truly loved her.
"But your billings and coclngs!" she
protested. "Did they mean nothing?"
"Oh, bless you, those were only Jos5
billings!" quoth I, brainily. ~
I laughed with the utmost violence, but
for all that I could see that I had broken
her heart. — Detroit Journal. . >',
These corrupt bosses are assisted in their schemes
by JohnX. Lynch, W. F.; Herrin, Jere .Burke and
other employes of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
The order of President Hays that the employes the
road must keep out' of politics has been violated. Her
rin and Kelly were never in closer communion than
they are now.
. . If in a contest of this kind the Republican State
Committee interfere it will seriously compromise the
campaign. The Republicans of San Francisco un
derstand the whole situation. They have determined
to have honest primaries under the law and to drive
the disreputable bosses out of the party. It -is an
issue that is strictly local. It is, moreover, one upon
which the better elements of the Republican party
are in earnest. They do not intend to be dictated
to by Kelly, Crimmins, Lynch, 'Burke, Herrin .and
the rest.
The men who are engineering the scheme are well
known. They are the familiar bosses, Kelly and
Crimmins, who are not now nor have ever been Re
publicans in any true sense of the word, but are merely
mercenary politicians, dealers in all kinds of jobs,
and just as ready to knife the party ticket as to sup
port it. These men are in close relation with Demo
cratic bosses of their own type, and woul^ not hesi
tate to bring the heelers of the Democratic camp into
Republican primaries any more than they would to
send their own heelers into Democratic primaries.
That statement is decidedly deceptive. It conveys
the idea that the Republicans of this city are divided,
whereas there is no division among genuine Repub
licans at all. At the last municipal nominating con
vention a committee was appointed to hold office
and represent the municipal Republican party for two
years. There is no other committee that disputes that
claim. Its title is not only undeniable, but is ac
tually undenied. Under that committee the Repub-^
licans of the city have organized and ftave prepared
for the primaries. There are no divisions among
them, no factions and no dissensions. All are in
favor of fair and honest primaries conducted in the in
terest of no particular candidates, and* designed solely
to elect to the nominating convention thoroughly;
representative Republicans who will nominate men
worthy of the party and of. the offices to which they
aspire, and who if elected will provide the city with
an efficient and economical administration.
The movement for honest primaries carried forward
with so much vigor under the direction of the Pri
mary League was a warning to the bosses- that they
would have no longer any power to do corrupt poli
ties'^ the name of the Republican party. They there
fore at once set about devising means for breaking
into the party under any kind ol pretense. They
found a committee that had been appointed by' a
State convention to arrange for nominating candi
dates for the Legislature, and they obtained control
of it. It had never anything to do with municipal
affairs, and yet the claim is made that it is authorized
to act for the Republican party in this municipal cam
paign. It is to support that claim that an appeal has
been made to the State Committee.
In the call for a meeting of the State Central Com
mittee Chairman Stone says: "Two organizations,
each claiming to be the Republican County Commit
tee of the city and county of San Francisco, have filed
petitions with the Board of Election Commission
ers," and he adds that he has received a written re
quest from one of the two committees asking that the
State Committee be convened to hear the claims of
the two and determine which is legally/entitled to act
as the Republicap County Committee.
THE FIGHT OF THE . BOSSES.
HAD any proof been needed of the. wisdom ,of j
genuine Republicans 'in organizing to assure;
the holding of fair and honest primary elec- •
tions under the law, it would be found in the efforts,
now being made by the old bosses to get control of
the party machinery and dominate the . primaries in >¦
spite of the law. These bosses have set. up a so-called
Republican County - Committee of their own, and,
fearing to submit its claims to the Board of Election
Commissioners, have appealed to the Republican
State -Central, Committee for recognition and sup
port.
TUESDAY ./ JULY 16,1901
JOHN D. 5PRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Cemmnniettions t»,W. B. LEAKE, Kinipr.
MASAGEE'S .OPFICP.,. . - , • -Telephone Prens 2O4
PUBLICJVTIOX OFFICE,. .MarUct and Third, 8. F.
Telephone k Press 201.
EDITORIAL' ROOMS StT to 321 gteTex»»om St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered hr Carriers. I?" Cents Per Weefc.
Sln&le Coplen. B Cent*.
"Terms by Mail. Including: Postages
. DAILY CALL- (including Sunday), one year .' *••<*
DAILY CALL. <!ncludlnr Sunday). « months >•£>
DATLT CALL. {Including Sunday). 1 months..... *•»»
r>AIt.T CAM*— By Single Month • *f£
8TJNDAT CALL. One Year *•¦"
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear I I<OT
?11 postmaster* nre authorized to receive
anbncrlptlon*. ¦
Sftnjp!« copies -will be forwarded when requested.
M%H subscriber* Jn orderlr* chanpe of address should be
particular to etve both KEW AND OLD APDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct- compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGJTE3SS.
Eutgtr TBreign A«T*rtl«lng, Kirqnette Bnilding. Caieiga.
. (Lens Distance Telephone "Central m».")
JTEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARI/TOST .....Heraia Sauare.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STXPHEJT B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
KBTW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hptel; A. Brentano. «1 TJnloii Square:
Murray H1U Hotel. _______
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS!
Eh— nan Eoiik: P- O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel-
BBAJfCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, cornel- of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. \ 300 Hayes, open until 9:38 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 8:38 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
»:9<> o'clock. IStt Mission, open until 18 o'clock. 2261 Market,
comer Sixteenth, epen until » o'clock. VW VRjenda. open
until • o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 8 o'clock. NW.
coraer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
?20O Fill-sore, open until 9 p. m.
Such, perhaps, was what Professor Wendell de
sired to say, but outside of Harvard the meaning of
"little" is not regarded as expressive of the thought
he thought he thought. Very short jwords may.be
very, great words indeed; for instance, the three let
tered name: of the Deity. Love, hate, truth, age, day,
night, light, dark, man, death, life, home, hope, help,
are all short words, but so great that the language
cannot spare them. Slop is also a short word, but in
another class. We suggest to the summer class that
it cram some Harvard English and "use it in future
compositions, and then Professor Wendell may smile
upon his students and slop over no more.
.Professor Wendell himself is an author of limited
but proved- fecundity. ; One «f his books is a guide,
philosopher and friend to "English composition." In
it he criticizes two compositions, saying: "Simpler
words and littler, these last." The chumps of lexi
cographers say, "Little, less, least," and eschew
"Little, littler, littlest." If one not a Harvard pro
fessor had desired to commend abstention from poly
syllables the sentence would have been made this way:
"Simpler words and shorter, these last." '
He should shuffle that sentence again- and accord
ing to the Harvard model deal it this way: "We is
glad to have a man here who are big enougli to criti
cize us." . ,
Let even Professor Wheeler beware lest he too get
on the Index Expurgatorious which Professor Wen
dell carries in his head, for did he not say: "We'are
glad to have a man here who is big enough to criti
cize us"? . i
If the Berkeley summer class had gone to these
models its work would not now be going glimmer
ing to limbo in a critical garbage cart as slop too dis
gusting for the Harvard sensibilities.
. When a verb and its nominative are joined to
geth'er in number and person let no man put them
asunder unless he is a Harvard professor.
Just look at that disjunctive conjunction! It was
after- a singular verb, and when it caught a plural it
Jocked like a bluefisher that lands a menhaden.
Again, Professor James says: "The great memory
for facts which" a Darwin or a Spencer reveal in their
books is not incompatible with the possession, of a
mind with only a middling degree of psychological
I retentiyeness." And yet again: "A river or'a stream
are the metaphors by which, it is most naturally de
scribed."
Professor James writes books to teach others how
to catch and tame the soul. In one of these, called a
"Briefer Course," in which soul trapping is taught
across lots, he says: "I suspect that neither the na
ture nor the amount of our work are accountable for
the frequency and severity of our breakdowns."
WE recently referred to the importation of
Harvard methods in criticism solely for the
use of the university 'summer 'school" at
Btrkeley. There have been plain, unfrilled critics in
California. John Vance Cheney has published most
instructive criticisms and reviews! but, while able to
point out even where Jove nods in composition, he
never rose to the sublime height whereon Professor
Wendell perched and denounced the papers written
by his class as "disgusting slop."
Harvard is a fountain of criticism, not summer criti
cism merely, for, like death, it has all seasons for its
own. We will riot enlarge upon other features com
mon to the two. Harvard is a' well of English, but
there may be some albuminoid, ammoniacal English
in it. It is to be regretted that when Professor Wen
dell's summer class at Berkeley ran its second heat
in composition only one "paper was handed in, and
the writer who ventured to offer that removed from
it all identifying marks of sex and name, as unlawful
hunters of deer do from the hides which they barter
for tobacco at the racket store. We assume that the
Harvard purpose was accomplished, the same being
to discourage composition. ; ¦
If the students in Professor Wendell's class had
been perfect they would not have been there. They
would have been elsewhere, perhaps doing a summer
school stunt themselves. The defects discovered by
the professor's keen Harvard nose were evidence that
their invalid English required his professional ser
vices. As a literary and critical evangelist he is sup
posed not to bring medicine to the well, but to them
that be sick.
The summer students at Berkeley who are getting
filled with English and courtesy and the teaching tem
per at the fountain of Harvard made the radical mis
take of failing to read up on Harvard English. Had
the3' done so and used the forms familiar to Professor
Wendel^they would not now sit with tongues mute
and pens smitten with paralysis in the presence of his
famous garbage expression. Harvard has and has
had many professors^ and they have published many
books, some of them the most charming in American
literature. The contemporaries of Professor Wendell
are not publishing so much, but the soul that thirsts
go seek it as eagerly as the hart panteth for the
water brook. One of Professor ' Wendell's most
noted colleagues in the Harvard faculty is Professor
William James, whose specialty is psychology. He is
familiar with the spirit, the soul df man, and writes
about it as others do of beans or putty. He can
sit down and whittle with the soul as neighbors do
when they meet at the country store to talk about the
crops.
ABOUT SUMMER CRITICISM.
MEMORIAL CARDS ARE DESIGNED
BY THE EMPEROR OF GERMANY
It is believed by the projectors that when completed
the southern line would be much; more satisfactory to.
travelers than the Siberian road, and that it would get
the bulk of the railway traffic aci*oss Asia. That view
seems to have been taken by the Russians themselves, .
for as soon as the, Germans obtained the concession '
for the line to the Persian Gulf the Czar entered into :
'a treaty with the Persian Government which virtually
gives Russia control over that country. • Consequently,
any attempt to extend the line beyond El Kuweit will;
doubtless be met by determined Russian opposition.
That such antagonism will be difficult to overcome
goes without saying. The Germans, howeverj area;
strong and resourceful people, and may yet accom
plish their purpose. If so, the traveler across Asia,
instead of having to pass the dreary barrennesses of
Siberia, will be able to traverse the thickly populated
and renowned countries with which history, religion '
and literature have so many associations.
¦ There is a rumor in the East that Wu Ting Fang is
tryjng to usurp Chauncey Depew's place as an after
dinner orator, and as he has. a stock of stories that
antedate Confucius he will probably succeed.
has already a well-developed system extending from.
Kurrachee eastward via Calcutta to Kunlong Ferry,
on the frontier of China'. From- the Ferry-down the
Yangtze Valley sto Shanghai isa distance of 1600
miles. Summing up,- it appears that .with the com
pletion of the German railway from Constantinople to
the Persian Gulf there would remain but 1250 miles
to be built to the frontier of China, or 2850 mile? to
Shanghai:"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TU ESDAYj JULY; 16, 1901.
Cheap Bates for Ep-worth Leaguers
and Their Friends. *
The Santa Fe will sell lem rate tickets to
all points July. 12 to August 15 Inclusive to
holders ot Epworth League tickets and friends
accompanying them. Call at Santa Fe office,
Ml Market street, or ferry depot.
Chicago and Return $72.50.
On sale July 20 and 21. the Union Pacifies
Railroad win sell round trip tickets to Chi
cago, good for 60 days, at rate of »72 50. D. W,
Hitchcock, General Agent. 1. Montgomery St.,
San Francisco. „
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medicine. VesetablaCure for Uver His,
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria.
Stop Diarrhae and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Slegerfs Gepuine Imported Angostura Bitter*. •
"I learned a trick while in the Philip
pines" in the matter of keeping blrd^ out
of fruit . tree,s," volunteered i a well-known
official of the Postoffice Department to a
Washington Star reporter, "which may "be
of value to many just now, when so many
cherries are being destroyed by birds. It
is simple, inexpensive 'and, as far as I
could obfserve, practical. It consists in
hanging a small mirror on the top limbs
of the tree. There should be at least six
Inches of string to, the 1 mirror, so that it
can swing about as it Is blown by the
wind. The flash of the mirror it appears
scares the birds away. 'One or two 5-cent
mirrors hung -on . a tree is sufficient,
though, of course, three or four would be
that. much better. I. wasN told that this
method had been worked in the Philip
nines successfully for many years,- and
that the birds do not grow familiar with
it as they do with a scarecrow. Since my
re'turn here I find that the mirror scare is
not unknown; here and that it has been in
use by Michigan fruit growers for many
years. I have tried' it myself in a small
way,- arid it is: amusing, what a stir it
creates among the birds." .
MIRRORS AND BIRDS.
"Yes."
6
C»U Mibicrlberi contemplatlns a chance ot
revfdeace during t_e summer months can havo
their paper forwarded by mall to tlielr new
address* by notifying TUe Call Business Office.
Th*a paj»cr -will also be on Bale at all summer
resorts and 1« represented toy a. local agent <¦
nil tOTTBS on the co_st.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG T01H FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "The School for Scandal."
Grand Opern-hcupe— "The "White Heathen."
Central— "Michael Etrogoff."
TlvoU— "Babes In the,. Wood."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Under Two Flaps." "
OljTr.pia. corner Mason and Eddy etreetfr-Speclalttes.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater-Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening-
Fischer" »— Vaudeville.
f-Utro Baths— STTlmrnlng.
-Br T. H. -Chase— Thursday, July 18. at 11 o'clock. Horses.
R J By TV>n. e G. S Layrig— Tuesday, July 23, Horses, at 721 How-
r By tTiilon Stnckyardu Company— Monday, July 29. at 10
<>• clock. PacKing-hoM»p Machinery, at Rodeo. CaJ.
AUCTION SALES.The Auditor was authorized to employ
forty extra clerks for twenty days, com
mencing July 17-, and the Tax Collector to
employ fifty-nine clerks and one stenog
rapher clerk for twenty days, beginning
.August 5.
The ordinance compelling property
owners to repair any unaccepted street
or sidewalk when the same are considered
dangerous to life or property was passed
to print. This will permit property own
ers to repav.e Pacific avenue, between
Franklin and Fillmore. The ordinance on
this. subject was re-referred to the Street
Committee.
The City Attorney was requested to re
port as to the ownership of property on
which are certain obstructions on Chan
nel street, between Brannan and Town
send, and also as to the status of the
Channel-street litigation. :
The petition of C. D. Salfleld that the
building ordinance be amended so that
no school building to be hereafter erected
shalPexceed fifty-fivo feet in height was
referred to the Fire Committee.
In reply to the protest of the Labor
Council against tho acceptance of the
grift the Mayor said that it was unfor
.tunate that Carnegie had had trouble
with the laboring interests but that he
was now making restitution to the peo
ple. His Honor said he was -sorry the
Labor Council had not taken that view
of the subject. >>•
The Mayor. was authorized by resolu
tion to appoint a committee of three Su
pervisors to report to the board concern
ing the best locations for the proposed,
library offered by Carnegie and particu
larly with reference to the terms and
conditions on which the "Pavilion block"
of the Mechanics' Institute may be ac
quired by the city. !*
A communication was received from the
Public Library trustees recommendins
that the board accept Carnegie's offer.
Tho Chamber of Commerce also sent a
commendatory letter.
¦ Resolved. That the example Bet by Mr. Car
negie in distributing his vast private fortune
to great public? purposes, and at the same time
inducing: municipal co-operation In channels
which might otherwise be neglected, should
serve as an example to other citizens and meet
the "approval and encouragement of all.
Bo it resolved. That the eift of Andrew Car
nesrie ba and the same is hereby accepted, and
that the thanks of the Board of Supervisors of
the city and county of San Francisco be and
are. hereby extended to him. And be it fur
ther
The . Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution yesterday accepting the offer
of Andrew Carnegie to give to this' city
$750,000 for the establishment of a central
and branch libraries. The concluding sec
tions of the resolutions read as follows:
Protest -Filed Against the
Erection of High
Schoolhouses.
Three Supervisors Will
Report on Sites for
Libraries.
BOARD ACCEPTS
CARNEGIE GIFT
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JULY 16.
Sun rises ' 4 :59
Sun sets 7:32
Moon Bets 7:47 p. m.
NOTE— In t*j above exposition of the tides
the early morninc tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time ot
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, excopt when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
A humorist, wishing to test the In
genuity of the Indian postal authorities,
sent a letter from Bombay to a friend in
?""alrutta, addressed as followsi VSo-and-
So, Ksq., the City of Stinks and^statues."
It was delivered without the slightest
<:e:s.y.
The steam schooner Newburg sailed for
coast ports last night. Among her cargo
is the first automobile stage coach ever
built. It will carry thirty-six people and
is intended to run between Hoquiam and
Aberdeen. «J »
The quarantined Carlisle City Is dis
charging her cargo into lighters.
The Stockton steamer H. J. Corcoran
carried away one of the aprons at Wash
ington-street wharf yesterday.
Diver John Roach brought up a peculiar
souvenir Trcm the base of Arch Rock
yesterday. He was down locating the
holes drilled in the rock by the con
tractors when he stumbled across the
wreck of the old Autocrat that went to
pieces on Arch Rock In 1SG4. The relic Is
composed of two copper rods and a por
tion of the Ftem wood of the old boat.
The wood is petrified and the copper is in
s..~, good condition as it v.as on the day
tho boat went down. • .'." •
Captains Bolle? and Bulger have exon
erated Caplain Randall of the Georse W.
Klder and Captain Alexander Kirkwood
of the Minneola from all blame for the
oolliKion between thf-ir vessels on June 17.
oft Point Arena. The collision occurred
in a denre fog ajid as soon as the cap
tains were aware that the ships were
approaching each other they navigated
them so skillfully as to avoid cutting
either vessel In two.
The Oakland freight steamer Mount
Eden is on Hay & V»* right's ways getting
an overhauling. Her place is being
taken on the run of the Dimond, former
ly the Queen of the Yukon.
The name of the barkentine J. C.
Pfluger has been changed to Coronado.
Water Front Notes.
Corpus.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin was present In
Judge Cook's court yesterday morning
when Attorney Charles J. Heggerty, her
counsel, commenced the legal battle to
prevent her second trial on the charge of
murder by applying: for a writ of habeas
corpus. The affidavit supporting the ap
plication was in the terms and on the
grounds published exclusively in Sun
day's Call. The main point is that th?s
State has no jurisdiction to try the case.
The petition :? eimllar to the one filed by
Louis P. Boardman, who formerly ap
peared in the case and made the point
that it was out of the Jurisdiction of the
Cn'.iforriia courts.
District Attorney Byington asked for a
continuance till this morning to give him
an opportunity to prepare his return to
the application, which was granted. The
return will be in effect that the Supreme
Court has already decided that the State
lias jurisdiction, that point having been
Fpecifically laid before the court a.t the
time a new trial was asked on the
frrour.d of misdirection of the Judge to
the jury, which was admitted.
Application Is Made to Judg-e Cook
for a Writ of Habeas
LEGAL BATTLE IN THE
BOTKHJ- CASE BEGUN
27S4 ft hardwood, 71,860 lbs dry hides, 4740 lbs
dried peas, 1330 lbs beeswax, S3 sks horns, 6060
ctls barley. 54 pkjrs household goods. 500 cs
canned fruits, 152,513 lbs zinc skimmings, 2S4
pkgs old metal, 28 cs typewriters, 692 bbls
asphaltum. . .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 15.
Stmr Cella, Hlgglns, 9 hours from Rules
Landing.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, 64 hours from Co
qiulle River, via Crescent City 36 hours. •
Stmr Wfcitesboro, Olsen, 16 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Wfcshtenaw, Zolling, 85 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin, 61 hours from San
Fs-dro.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, 84 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Schooner S. T. Alexander, Ipsen, 22 days
from Kahulul.
CLEARED. •
Monday, July 15.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Leelanaw. Monroe, Panama.
Etmr Bor.ita. XODander, San Pedro.
SAILED.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall, Victoria.
Stmr Greenwood, Facerlund.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendoclno.
Stmr Prosn-eso. Parker. Tacoma.
Schr Queen, Xlelsen, Petropaulovskl.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, July 15— Buencs Ayres telegraphs
that Ger stmr Tanls, hence May 2 for Ham
burs', went ashore near Punta Mogotes (120
miles south of entrance to River Platte).
Steamer and steam Dumps have been sent to
her assistance from Montevidio. Salvers In
charge of Government steamer have gone to
assistance.
Stmr Santa Monica was launched from yards
of Fulton Iron Works, July 13, for J. R. Han
lfy & Co.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 15, 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind southwest, velocity 15 miles per
hour.
SPOKEN.
July 7, 34 N lat, 10 W Ion— Ital ship Narcis
sus, from Genoa for San Francisco.
July 9, 3S0 miles west of Scllly— Br 6hip
Castle Pock, from Tacoma for United King
dom.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
KAHULUI— Arrived June 2S— Br »hlp An
tlppe, from Oyster Harbor; bktn Ruth, from
Newcastle. Australia.
Sailed— Schnr Transit, for San Francisco;
bark Nuuanu, for New York.
HANAMAL'LU— Sailed June 27— Scbr Dora
Bluhm, for San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Sailed July 10-Schr Sadie, for
% San Pedro.
COOS BAT— Sailed July 14— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
Sailed July 14— Schr Eliza Miller, for San
FranclECO. • ;
VENTURA— Arrived July 14-Stmr Aberdeen,
from Port Los Angeles.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 14— Stmr Al Ki, for
Skaguay.
Sailed July 13 — U S stmr Bear.
Arrived July 15— Stmr Asuncion, hence July
10; ftmr Diriso, from Skaeuav.
Arrived July 15— U S stmr Thetis, hence
June 30; U S stmr Concord, from Manila.
UNION— Sailed July 15— Stmr Luella, for San
Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed July 15— Ger Stmr Her
monthls. hence July 11 for Seattle.
Passed July 15 — Br stmr Milton, hence July
12. for Nanaimo.
EUREKA— Arrived July 15— Stmr Iaqua,
hence July 13; schr Mary Kuhne, hence June
27.
Sailed July 15 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; schr Serena Thayer, for HIlo. :«
TACOMA— Arrived July 14— Ship Wm. H.
Smith from Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July .15— Schr Sadie,
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 14— Stmr
Corcnado, for San Francisco; July 15 — Stmr
Fulton, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 15— Br etmr Pak
JAng, from Tacoma.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 15— Schr North
Bend, hence July 3.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 12— Br «hip Blalr
hoyle, from Oreg-on.
BARRY ISLAND— Passed July 13— Br ship
Manx Kins', hence .February 20 for Queens
town.
CORONEL— Arrived July 13— Stmr.Otegonlan,
from New York for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Australia— Sailed May 26—
Bark Onaway, for Manila.
In Dort May 2S — Ger ship Melpomene, for
San Francisco May 15; Br bark Ben Avon, for
Astoria.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 10— PaD Etmr
Hongkong Maru. hence June 22.
Arrived prior 13 — Jap stmr Kinshiu Maru,
from Seattle.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 13— Sjm stmr Isla
de Luzon, from Manlla.
PANAMA— Arrived July 13— Stmr Argyll,
hen?9 June 2S.
SHANGHAI— Arrived June 27— Br stmr Hy
son, frcm Liverpool.
SWANSEA— Arrived July 12— Br ship Scottish
Hills, from Oregon. |
HONGKONG— Sailed June 29— Br itmr Flint
shire, fcr San Francisco.
Sailed July 13— Stmr'City of Peking, for San
Franci-sco.
MANILA— Sailed July 15— U S stmr Sumner,
for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed July 12— Stmr San Bias,
for San Francisco.
JUNIN— Sailed June 1— Br bark Clydesdale,
for San Francisco.
CALETA BUENA— In DOrt June 13— Ger bark
Placilla, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— In r>ort May 22— Br bark
Savernake, . for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived July 15— Stmr Aller,
from New York.
ANTWERP — Arrived July 15 — Stmr Kensing
ton, from 'New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived July 15— Stmr Barba
rossa, from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived, July 15— Stmr Barbaras
ea, ¦ from New York, via Cherbourg.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, , San Francisco, Cal.,
July 15, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or- at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
' NOTE— The high and low waters occur . at
the city ¦ front ' (Mission-street vharf) about
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and. Heights of " High and Low
Waters ' at Fort Polrt, entrance to San
Francisco Bay: Published " by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
A Cargo for New York.
The steamer Leelanaw cleared yesterday for
Panama with merchandise for New York val
ued at $119,063, manifested as follows:
100.000 lbs - copper rsatte. 171.S6S sals wine.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Archer and the Kaiulani will load mer
chandise here for Honolulu; the Amelia, lum
ber at Eureka for Honolulu; the Montebello,
wheat here for Europe, 3Ss 6d, prior to arrival.
— '• •
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed yesterday
for Victor's with the following merchandise
valued at SM34: - . " ."-:'''
27 cs arms and ammunition, 4 cyls ammonia,
106 cs bottles, 4S0 lbs chocolate, 42 cs canned
Roods, 4 cs drugs, 101.143 lbs dried fruit, 66
pkfrs groceries an( j provisions, 2447 pkgs fruits
and vegetables. 2107 ft lumber. S6 pkgs ma
chinery. SHOO lbs meal, 30 cs marble. 48,035 lbs
malt, 100 tins matches, 20 sks onions, 141 sks
potatoes, 130 bxs paste. 45 bxs raisins, 14 bales
twine, 15 'cs whisky, 75 iials wine. * >
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Panama Ra-llroad Company's char
tered steamship Leelanaw sailed for Pan
ama yesterday afternoon. She took away
a very large general cargo for New York
and the following named cabin passen
gers: Raf Bonapart. Robert Martin, Carl
Englund. T. N. Smith, S. Meyers, William
S. Harldson and wife, E. A. Kirkman, W.
A. Tirson, D. R. Duncan, R. Gordan, M.
McNally, Denis Sexton, George Asher,
William Oswald. G. Roberts, S. Asbill, W.
H. Brooks ar.d C. E. Pratt . ; f
The Leelanaw goes direct to Panama
and a big load for San Francisco awaits
her there.
Steamship John S. Kimball.
The Dollar Steamship Company s John
S. Kimball is expected here from Nome
to-morrow night or Thursday morning.
In a letter to a friend dated Dutch Har
bor Captain Thwing says that everything
ran like clockwork aboard and that while
the passengers on all the other steamers
were kicking there was not a growl from
the time his vessel left San Francisco un
til the last man was on the Nome beach.
Nearly every berth on the steamship was
taken for the return trip in the fall be
fore the Kimball sailed for San Francisco.
Captain Thwing says that Chief Steward
Crane of the Kimball received a testimo
nial from the passengers on the up trip.
The Kimball will probably bring particu
lars of many things that have happened
at the gold fields of late. She will sail
again for the frozen north next Saturday
night.
Gasoline Boats for South Seas.
.Gasoline as a steam producing power
for boats has grown rapidly in favor in
the Southern Seas. Half a dozen engines
have been sent from here during the past
three months and two more will go away
on the next Australian steamer. - One is
for the Auckland, New Zealand, Harbor
Board and the other is for • a schooner
that is to run between Wellington, New
Zealand, and Cook Island. Both are
eighty-five horsepower machines and are
expected to drive the boats they are in
tended for at a ten-knot clip.
A small engine for Sydney, N. S. W.,
tsJII also go away on the next mail boat
and several others are in course of con
struction, but cannot be completed be
cause of the strike.
Panama Railroad Company's Steam
ship Gets Away for Central
America.
SAILING OF THE LEHANAW.
A CABLE from Hamburg to the
Merchants' Exchange states that
the Kosmos liner Tanis Is a total
loss on Punta Nogotes, South
America. The captain, crew and
passengers were saved and are . probably
now at Montevideo. Later advices state
that a wrecking- steamer has been sent to
Punta Nogotes and that the salvers are
in charge of the wreck.
The Tanis was the first of the Krtsmos
fleet to come to this coast. She arrived
here in December, 1699, and this was her
third round trip. All the steamships sail
from Hamburg and after short stops at
Antwerp and London go direct to South
America. Passing through the Straits of
Magellan, they stop at nearly all the
South and Central American and Mexican
ports, finally reaching San Francisco aft
er nearly four months of almost contin
uous steaming.
The Tanis left here May 2 with a num
ber of passengers and a cargo valued at
$100,000. All the passengers and all the
freight was landed before the steamship
reached Valparaiso, but other merchan
dise and other travelers were taken on at
South American ports. The steamship
passed through the Straits of Magellan
without mishap and was making- for
Montevideo when she ran ashore. The
general supposition is that Captain May
passed Cape Corrientes and mistook it for
Cape San Antonio. He then set his course
for Montevideo and ran on Point No
gotes, a spot between Capes Corrientes
and San Antonio and about 120 miles south
of Montevideo.
The Tanis was built at Hamburg in 1891.
She was 1S21 tons net burden, 331 feet 4
inches lor.g. 41 feet 9 inches beam and 23
feet 5 inches deep. This was Captain
May's first voyage to this coast. When
the Tanis first came here Captain Schultze"
was in command. The loss of the steam
ship will not affect the service in any
way. The Anubis on her arrival here in
a few days will not go to Puget Sound,
but will take all her cargo here. The
Neko. due next month, may go to Seattle,
but the matter is not settled. The Her
monthis. now on the Sound, will call here
to complete her cargo.
THE KOSMOS LINER TANIS THAT IS SUPPOSED TO BE A TOTAL, WRECK ON PUNTA NOGOTES. SHE LEFT
HERE ON HAY 2 FOR EUROPE AND WAS HEADING FOR THE HARBOR OF MONTEVIDEO WHEN THE
* DISASTER OCCURRED.
Goes Ashore on Punta JNogotes While Steering for the Uruguay
Capital, and It Is Feared Will Prove a Total Loss— Grew Es
capes to the Shore, but Details of the Disaster Are Meager
SEEKS LIGHT
ON FRANCHISE
City Attorney to Report
on Status of Geary-
Street Road. • -
Amateur Clubs Are Refused
Permits for Boxing
Exhibitions.
The first step in the proposed acquisi
tion of the Geary-street, Park arid Ocean
road by the municipality was taken yes
terday. The Board of Supervisors directed
the City Attorney to search the title of
all the franchises of the road named and
to file with the board an' abstract of title
of the same. This action was taken in
order that Information may be had of the
dates of the expiration of the franchises
and the time when all rights thereunder
will cease.
The clerk of the board was authorized
to have recorded In the Recorder's offlce
all existing franchises for operating
steam and street railroads within the city
limits, and to cause to be recorded all
franchises hereafter granted for any pur
pose -whatsoever.
The ordinance declaring to bo holidays
the days upon which primary and muni
cip'al elections are held was finally passed.
The ordinance authorizing an.expendi
ture of $25,000 for the erection of a fire
jengine house on Howard street, near
Third, was finally passed. Similar action
was taken with the amended ordinance
regulating the tearing up of streets.
An ordinance providing that the appro
priation of $20,000 for the examination, of
public utilities shall not be limited by
monthly allowances was "passed to print.
Reed's resolution that the Judiciary
Committee be authorized to confer with
the Mayor and the City Attorney for the
purpoge of preparing the city's defense
against the injunction asked for In the
suit of the Spring Valley Water Works
in the "United States District Court re
garding the water rates was opposed by
Comte, who said It would be in effect a
dictation to the City Attorney. The reso
lution was referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee.
The ordinance providing for the re
paving of Spear street, from Howard to
Market; • Stockton street, from Union to
Pacific; Van Ness avenue, from Pine to
Bush; Clay street, from Battery to Da
vis; Washington street, from Sansome
to Battery; Valencia, from Market, to
Eighteenth, and the crossings of Ninth,
Kleventh, Twelfth and Folsom streets,
and Folsom, between Ninth and Tenth,
was finally nassed. :
The protest of owners and tenants
against the raising of the grade of Spear
street, between Mission and Market, was
referred to the Street Committee.
The ordinance granting Maria SJaholm
permission to erect a room on top of her
building at Powell and Sutter streets,was
defeated on final passage. Curtis gave
notice of reconsideration. ..
The City Attorney was directed to in
form the board if it has the power to
compel the Spring Valley "Water Com
pany tc lay water mains in the Univer
sity Mound District. -
Resolutions granting- the Hayes Valley
Athletic and San Francisco Athletic clubs
permits to give boxing exnibitions dur
ing July were both denied. The Police
Committee sent the back to
the board without recommendation, be
cause It has been the policy of the board
to restrict such exhibition to one each
month. Boston's motion that both per
mits be granted was lost.
APPOINTS A GUARDIAN
FOR GEORGE M. FRANKS
Judge Dunne Authorizes James Wain -
¦wright to Care for Property
of Insane Man.
,An order was made yesterday by Su
perior Judge Dunne appointing James
Wainwright guardian of the estate of
George' M. Franks, who was adjudged in
sane last Wednesday and committed to
the Agnews Insane Asylum. Franks was
a member of the firm of Fannin & Franks,
manufacturing agents, with offices in the
Phelan building. The firm was well-to
do arid Franks was happily married to
Wainwright's daughter.
Last week he developed peculiar hallu
cinations. He believed himself extremely
wealthy and about to undertake a tour
of the world; he had signified his inten
tion of giving 100 -newsboys an automobile
ride around the park; he forgot that he
was married and declared that he was en
gaged to a beautiful young lady with a
large bank account, and persisted in this
last assertion, despite the fact that his
wife sat by his side.
After an examination the Insanity Com
mission adjudged him to be insane and
ordered him committed to Agnews.
Franks' interest in the firm named, which
is now in the charge of his father-in-law,
is valued at several thousand dollars.
EELEASED FROM PRISON",
BTJT SOON IN HOSPITAL
George* Brown Has His Skull Frac
tured After Leaving County .
Jail.
George Brown was released from the
County Jail yesterday . morning: after
serving a term for petty larceny. Once
at liberty he proceeded to get drunk and
when half crazed from liquor he stole a
buggy standing in front of C. M. Plum &
Co.'s furniture store. He whipped up the
horse and went down the street at a
smart pace. Turning down Fifth he
swung into Mission and went down that
thoroughfare at a gallop.
At the corner of East and Mission the
horse stumbled and Brown was thrown
out on his head. He was carried to the
Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Murphy
found him suffering from concussion of
the brain and a possible fracture of-the
skull. Later he was sent to the Central
Hospital,- where he now lies in a pre
carious condition.
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 12S California street. • '
BANKRUPT LABORER.— Samuel Cook, la
borer, San Francisco, filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday in t!» United States District
• Court. He 'owes J603 40 and has no assets.
The assessment of $13,300 on the Simp
son Lumber Company was canceled. The
application of the Parrott estate that its
personal property assessment be reduced
in the sum of 5G5.OO0 was referred to As
sessor Dodre. as was the petition of the
Spring Valley Water Company to elimin
ate an assessment on land since sold to
the United States Government
The application of the German Savings
and Loan Society for a. reduction of its
assessment by canceling- the item of
52.407.SG0 for solvent credits was denied.
Attorney "U\ S. Goodfellow contended that
the deposits should be set off against the
solvent credits. He advised George
To-arny, secretary of the society, not to
answer a Question as to the amount of
solvent credit? secured by mortgages out
side of the State. Goodfellow claimed
there was no warrant in law for collec
tion of taxes on deposits. The application
of the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety for cancellation of a 5275,000 assess
ment was a!so denied.
German Bank's Petition Denied.
Valuation Based on. Income.
'The gross receipts of the company for
lnOl," said Dodge, "were $1.273,4S2. figuring
£3.583 telephones at $34 each. Its officials
have refused to file a sworn statement of
its revenue, claiming: that the home office
is in Oregon."
McCarthy made a motion that the as
sessment be raised by SSOO.OOO. but with
drew it when Dodgre explained that to
raise it would invalidate the whole as
sessment, as r.o legal notice ccnild be
given the company.
The petition of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation to be allowed to pay 53900 in full
eatisfacticn of its taxes of 1J*C«O was grant
ed. This amount is based on a franchise
assessment of $200,000, together with a 20
per cent penalty. Assessor Dodge ex
plained that last year's assessment was
JSOu.OOO. and the city was awarded a judg
ment by Judg-e Hebbard for the tax on
5200.000. at which the assessment has been
fixed for 1901. The compromise was ac
cepted on the recommendation of the As
sessor, it being the sense of the board
that it was undesirable to drive capital
away from the city by onerous assess
ments.
Assessor Dodge explained the process by
"n hich he had arrived at the telephone as
sessment. By means of a chart he showed
that the net profits of the company in 1901
vere $356..»4. which makes the value of
its plant, figuring on a C per cent basis,
£5.942.916, whereas the total assessment,
including real estate, was only J3.129,Cl)0.
Dodge sa.Id there might be reason to
raise the assessment, but there was no
excuse fcr lowering it.
Just before the board adjourned the
telephone company filed an application
'or reduction of the arbitrary assessment
of its franchise by the Assessor from
$1,500,000 to $300,000. The company claims
that the valuation of the franchise at the
first named figure Is greater in proportion
than- that of other property and \ras
made arbitrarily and not in pursuance of
any definite rule or principle of apprise
menL
The most Important act of the board
¦was the denial of the petition of the Pa
cific States Telephone and Telegraph
Company for a reduction in its assess
ment.
The Supervisors. Bitting as a Board of
Equalisation, concluded the hearing of
applications for the reduction of assess
ments yesterday and adopted a resolution
approving: the list of corrections on the
assessment role reported by Assessor
Dodge.
Compromise Effected With
the Alaska Packers'
Association.
Telephone Corporation's
Franchise Tax Will
Stand.
EQUALIZERS END
THEIR SESSIONS
KOSMOS LINER TANIS IS WRECKED
FEW MILES FROM MONTEVIDEO
'THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 1G, 1901.
7
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H "W L W H W
lT7.. 5:40-1.0 12:42 6.1 5:24 2.6 11:33 ~6."l
17 .. 6:20—0.7 1:20 6.3 6:18 2.5
H W L. W -¦ H TV L, W
18... 0:27 5.8 7:00—0.3 2:03 5.3 7:15 2.3
19 ... 1:18 5.3 7:40 0.2 2:41 5.4 8:13 2.2
» ... 2:14 4.8 8:20 0.7 3:20 5.4 9:14 2.1
!1 .. 3:12 4.3 8:56 1.2 4:00 6.3 IO:1S 1 9
!2 .. 4:16 3.9 9:40 1.6 4:40 5.3 11:14 1.7
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
St. Paul Nome & St Michael... July 16
Washtenaw — Tacoma July 16
Arcata Coos Bay...". 1.'. '.':.. July 16
State of Cal Seattle July- 15
Peru. China and Japan July ltf
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... July 16
Fulton Grays Harbor July 17
Eureka Humboldt July 17
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom July 17
"Wellington Oyster Harbor July 17
Coos Bay Newport & "Way Ports. July 18
Rival.. Willapa Harbor July 18
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Ports July 13
Robt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock.... July ]9
San Bias Panama & Way Ports.. July 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. July 19
Point Arena... Point Arena July 19
Pomona Humboldt July 19
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook, Bay July 19
Empire Coos Bay July 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City July 20
Asuncion Seattle ~ July 20
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports July 21
Eonlta San Pedro & Way Pts. July 21
Corona San Diego...'. July 21
Aconcagua Valparaiso & Way Pts. I July 22
Coronado San Pedro ....IJuly 22
North Fork.... Humboldt |July 22
Steamer. . Destination. I Sails. J Pier.
July 1G.
Noyo Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ...1:30 p Pier 9
Bonita San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
July 17. x
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 34
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 16
NMppon Maru China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Conemaugh.. Nome via Seattle Pier —
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos Bay 12f m Pier 13
Corona San Diego 9 am Pier 11
North Fork. . Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
July 18.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Newport Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Arctic Nome and Teller.. 12 m Pier 2
Mandalay Coqullle River 10 am Pier 8
July UO.
Zealandta Honolulu- 2 pm Pier 7
Uirtatilla Pupet Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor ...12 m 5th St.
Coos Bay Newport & Way Pt 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay '.. 10 am Pier 13
.Tnly 21.
Santa Rosa.. San Dietjo &-. Way. 9 am Pier 11
July 22.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coronado Grays Harbor...... 6 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Steamer. ' Destination. i Sails.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. July 16
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Ohas. D. I^ane. Nome & Teller City July 20
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 22
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. July 22
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. July 23
Queen Skasruay & Way Ports. Uuly 24
Kxcelslor Cooks Inlet & Way PtslJuly 23
Nome City Nome & Teller City — IJuly 25
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. |July 25
Steamer.
Destination.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H "W L W H W
lT7.. 5:40-1.0 12:42 6.1 5:24 2.6 11:33 ~6."l
17 .. 6:20—0.7 1:20 6.3 6:18 2.5
H W L. W -¦ H TV L, W
18... 0:27 5.8 7:00—0.3 2:03 5.3 7:15 2.3
19 ... 1:18 5.3 7:40 0.2 2:41 5.4 8:13 2.2
» ... 2:14 4.8 8:20 0.7 3:20 5.4 9:14 2.1
!1 .. 3:12 4.3 8:56 1.2 4:00 6.3 IO:1S 1 9
!2 .. 4:16 3.9 9:40 1.6 4:40 5.3 11:14 1.7
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
St. Paul Nome & St Michael... July 16
Washtenaw — Tacoma July 16
Arcata Coos Bay...". 1.'. '.':.. July 16
State of Cal Seattle July- 15
Peru. China and Japan July ltf
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... July 16
Fulton Grays Harbor July 17
Eureka Humboldt July 17
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom July 17
"Wellington Oyster Harbor July 17
Coos Bay Newport & "Way Ports. July 18
Rival.. Willapa Harbor July 18
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Ports July 13
Robt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock.... July ]9
San Bias Panama & Way Ports.. July 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. July 19
Point Arena... Point Arena July 19
Pomona Humboldt July 19
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook, Bay July 19
Empire Coos Bay July 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City July 20
Asuncion Seattle ~ July 20
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports July 21
Eonlta San Pedro & Way Pts. July 21
Corona San Diego...'. July 21
Aconcagua Valparaiso & Way Pts. I July 22
Coronado San Pedro ....IJuly 22
North Fork.... Humboldt |July 22
Steamer. . Destination. I Sails. J Pier.
July 1G.
Noyo Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ...1:30 p Pier 9
Bonita San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
July 17. x
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 34
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 16
NMppon Maru China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Conemaugh.. Nome via Seattle Pier —
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos Bay 12f m Pier 13
Corona San Diego 9 am Pier 11
North Fork. . Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
July 18.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Newport Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Arctic Nome and Teller.. 12 m Pier 2
Mandalay Coqullle River 10 am Pier 8
July UO.
Zealandta Honolulu- 2 pm Pier 7
Uirtatilla Pupet Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor ...12 m 5th St.
Coos Bay Newport & Way Pt 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay '.. 10 am Pier 13
.Tnly 21.
Santa Rosa.. San Dietjo &-. Way. 9 am Pier 11
July 22.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coronado Grays Harbor...... 6 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Steamer. ' Destination. i Sails.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. July 16
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Ohas. D. I^ane. Nome & Teller City July 20
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 22
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. July 22
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. July 23
Queen Skasruay & Way Ports. Uuly 24
Kxcelslor Cooks Inlet & Way PtslJuly 23
Nome City Nome & Teller City — IJuly 25
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. |July 25
Steamer.
Destination.
jflB CARTERS
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also Telicve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestioh and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
n. GALL'S REINVIGOBATORRfngi
Five hundred reward Tor any
case we cannot cure. This secret ¦"•
remedy stops all lossss In 21 hours, j a
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vart- g^Sf R&J
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet. ' Fits, fTIvl 7fitt\
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all UkjJ U!dJ
¦wasting effects of self-abuse or St***] 3»W
excesses. Sent sealed. ?2 bottle; 3 h*E»BBfc*a
bottles. $3; guaranteed to cure *ny case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, US
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sal» at KTOVi
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases aulckly
cured Bend for free book.
'"Z AMTTS-RMETfTS.
LAST NIGHT TO-NIGHT BUT FOUR.
TAREWELL 10 'BISCO.TTTlTTnk Tl TV
Good-by Matinee Sat. HI 11 1 11 I'll
Positively Last Time I I 111 H I II IJ
COLOSSAL •
PRODUCTION _^0S>^ >- V '•
By Arrangement "With •^ TB
DAVID BE1.A8CO, .^^
Paul M. Potter's /ggg^
Big Drama on ™__^^^^
Ouida's Famous KoveLTTIT 1 F% P\
Over 100 People. fl I g A 1111
ADIfcUTO- U\ Ji I \
BLANCHE BATES } JJ]lUU
as "CIGARETTE." * *-¦******
FYTRA » IBSEN MATINEE
*--^ v " «V/-% • with .MISS BATHS.
FRIDAY AFT.. JULY 19. AT J:30.
One Performance Only of Henrlck Ibsen's
HRDDA GABLBR.
Blanche Bates as the heroine. Seats an<S
boxes now ready. Next Monday — CHATJNCET
OLCOTT, In "GAKRETT CMAGH."
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at L
THIRD WEEK— BIG HIT!
EVERYTHING NEW AND NOVE1*
THE BABES
th" WOOD.
Popular Prices 2Sc and 50c
GRAND OPERA SEASON
. Opens MONDAY. July 23.
Sale of SEASON TICKETS Wednesday. July
17; sale for opening week. Monday, July 22.
Telephone— Bush 9.
VAUDEVILLE IN ALL ITS MODERN RE-
FINEMENT!
CHEVALIER ENRICO MARIO SCOGNAMU*-
LO; DEMM BROTHERS; CHARLES LEO-
NARD FLETCHER; GILBERT and GOL-
DIE: IRVING JONES: CLAYTON WHITE
and MARIE STUART: PROSPER
TROUPE; BIOGRAPH AND
Last Appearance In Vaudeville of
ETTA BUTLER!^—
Reserved Seats, 23c: Balcony. 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
COMING: JEANlAim/S FAMOUS
ART PRODUCTIONS. TWENTY-FIYE
PARISIAN MODELS.
MATINEES SATURDAY and STJNDAT. — -
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
Presents Another Tremendous Success*.
The White Heather
The cast Includes Mary Van Buren, Kather-
ine Grey. E. J. Morgan, John Mason. Theodor*
Roberts and the first appearance of Harrington
Reynolds this season.
SAME PRICES— 10c. 13c. 23c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats. All Matinees. 25c
. Branch Ticket Offlce Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— "PAUL KAUVAR."
B£LASCOA"»THAl£S* ? jrfW£?
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Colossal and Stupendous Production of
MICHAEL STROGOFF
Magnificent spectacular • features. Gorgeous
scenery.
A Profusion of Wonderful Features.
JAMES M. BROPHY
AND A GREAT CAST.
pDTfpe Evenings 10c, 15c. 23c. 33c. 50c
rulCCO Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— Big Revival of "TRILBY."
THE BEST YET!
Positively Last Week of'
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS LADY TEAZLE. Supported by Waits ,
Whlttlesey. In
opufini
IsiC. dUiiUyL
FOB SCANDAL."
• Next Week— "THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Seats on Sale Six -Days In Advance.
i?rc:rwPR'<5 concert house.
i?lfcUliUll O Admission 10c.
CHARITY MARTIN. G. S. WANRELL.
Pietro Buzzl, James J. Mackay. Clinton Mont-
gomery, the Kelcey Sisters. Baby Ruth. Miss
Alice Wren and Clarence Lyndon and Hlnricha'
Orchestra. Reserved Seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS. ¦
s OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 ?. M.
Bathing from 1 a. in. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c Nil— CHILDREN 5c
Bathing, including admission. 23c; children 20c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JL JL .T T ***%' M. 9* 1^
Th'e woman who has not yet been fitted with a pair of Sorosls fences. The new
r.hapes are distinctive and hygienic, allowing, freedom for walking while per-
fecting the form of the foot, yet shapely in appearance.
- Each model is scientifically draughted, in a selection of 75 STYLES, SIZES
1 TO 9, WIDTHS AAA to EE.
CATALOGUE READY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$5 Reward
for finding anything wrong in
the book with a bar of Fels-
Naptha soap.
Write to Fcls & Co., Philadelphia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I proposition I
I for b oysl
P In order to boom business I
fl in our boy's clothing depart- I
I ment we make the following I
I proposition: I
I One vestee suit, ages |
I 4 to 8 years, or one |
I I double breasted suit, I
§ ages" 8 to 15 years, fa
I selling at $4-35 4 g
jj One mother's friend §§
Pj boy's shirt waist sell- II
M ing at .50 M
ij One p a i r of heavy B
m boys knock-about j d
H shoes selling at ¦ 1.50 m
ffl One cap to match suit M
§j selling at .25 ' gj
1 With a total i
a ¦ value of $6.60 j&
I all for I
i AMn This Great Train |
1 **J'" ran* but twice |
m / per week during 1
1 TUP Leaving at 9 am, j
i LIMITED ~ i
i LIlllBILIi Its hlgH standard \
ra T'^- of service is I
i UN fully maintained. <
isjiV palace y \^
Connected- by a covered pas-
sageway and operated jointly
under one management on the
American and European plans.
- .1400 rooms: 900 with baths.
L^GRAND%^FIRE DESTROYS GLASS •• ;>i
WORKS AND DWELLING
Early Morning Blaze on Guerrero
Street Causes $15,000 Damage
to Property.
The building occupied by the Pacific
Stained Glass Works on Guerrero street.
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth,
owned by William Holtz was totally de
stroyed by fire shortly after 2 o'clock
this morning.
The flames communicated to the four
story frame buiding adjoining: and
badly damaged it. The latter place is
owned by Mrs. Martin and was occupied
by several families.
The origin of the flre is unknown. The
loss is estimated at $15,000.
Boiler Works Burned.
ALLIANCE, Ohio. July 15.— The Reeves
Bros.* boiler work? were destroyed by fire
to-day. Loss $100,000.
Employes. .
LOS ANGELES. July 15.— The Los An
geles Traction Company Is still after those
of its employes who recently joined a la
bor union. The management of the com
pany has become convinced that altogeth
er fifty of its conductors . and motormen
had decided to cast their lot with the
union, which, as a matter of fact, was
never really organized. Each of these men
has been under surveillance, and all would
have been summarily dismissed but for
the fact that fcuch a wholesale decapita
tion might have crippled the system. The
suspected ringleaders were therefore first
picked out for removal. One of the dis
charged men said to-day that the com
pany had dismissed altogether twenty
three men. nearly all of them among the
oldest In point of service on the system
New men are being constantly taken on
President Powers of the City Council
was asked to use his influence and have
the discharged men reinstated, and he
took up the matter with the owners of
the road. That was in the early stages
of the trouble. Councilman Powers was
told that his request would be given con
sideration, and that is the last he has
heard of it. Superintendent of Streets
Hugh McGuire. who Is an old traction
man, also sought to use his good offices
for the discharged men, and his efforts
met a similar failure.
In Concentration Camps.
LONDON, Julv 16.— In the House of
Lords yesterday Lord Raglan, Under Sec
retary of State for War. In the course of
an announcement that Mr. Brodrick was
selecting a committee of women to visit
the concentration camps in South Africa
eaid the whites in those camps numbered
14,624 men, 27.811 women and 43,075 chil
dren. He said also that the mortality for
the month of June was 63 men, 138 women
and 276 children.
Lord Raglan deplored the heavy mor
tality in some of the camps in the early
months of their establishment.
Los Angeles Traction Company Dis
misses Twenty-Three of Its
CONTINUING TO WAGE
WAB ON UNION LABOH
Stock Market.
BERLIN, July 15.— The decline on the
London Stock Exchange to-day in Ameri
can railways and the shares of the United
States Steel Corporation was responded
to here with heavy offerings of Canadians,
which fell four points and then recovered
two. Failures continued in Saxony as a
result cf the Leipzeiger Bank collapse.
The Gera worsted spinnery failed to-dny
and another worsted spinnery failed
Saturday.
The Cologne Gazette prints a very pessi
mistic t-eport as to the iron market.
"Although the market is more quiet,"
it says, "the outlook is discouraging, ow
ing to the accumulation of stocks at the
works. Confidence in an early improve
ment of conditions is waning."
It mentions numbers of insolvencies and
refers to arrangements by many smailer
dealers with their creditors.
"Throughout the entire domestic mar
ket," continues the Cologne Gazette,
'.'there is a renewed indisposition to place
orders. Only those absolutely necessary
&re given. The larger works, therefore, are
beginning to hunt more eagerly for orders,
which causes decline in price and leads
also to keener competition for foreign
orders. A remedy for the present situa
tion cannot be expected until the market
has digested the old high-priced con
tracts."
This Journal recommends that the Gov
ernment should Issue immediate orders
for the construction of all necessary
freight cars, in order to create employ
ment for those out of work.
The stock of the Schuckert Electrical
Company of Nuremburg, which fell off SI
points last week, recovered 6 points to
day.
Panic in Trade and Manufacturing
Centers and in the Berlin
FAILURES RESULT
FROM BANK COLLAPSE
SACRAMENTO, July 15.— Frank Mott,
the 29-year-old son of George M. Mott,
resident partner of H. S. Crocker & Co.
.and former department commander of the
Grand Army of the Republic for Califor
nia, was drowned last night at Tahoe
C.ty. Lake Tahoe. News of the sad oc
currence did not reach this city until to
day.
Mott and Foye Cothrin of Sacramento
spent the day at Tahoe City and at 9
o'clock ..t night started to row home to
_6vnnyside. the site of the Mott summer
villa. While the young men were seating
themselves in the boat it careened, throw
ing both into the water. Mott was drown
ed In seven feet of water. When assist
ance arrived Cothrin was found hanging
to the beat, ar.d was rescued.
' The body of Mott was recovered at the
point where it eank. It was brought to
Sacramento to-day and will be sent to
Ear. Francisco for cremation on Wednes
day.
The unfortunate young man was a
brother of Mrs. Guy H. Chick of Berke
ley. He was one of this year's graduates
at the Sacramento High School and was
very popular.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FraDk Mott of Sacra
mento Falls From
Rowboat.
SINKS TO DEATH
IN LAKE TAHOE
Thunder Showers and Lower Tem
peratures Are Forecasted in
Several Sections.
"WASHINGTON, July 15.— Relief for the
heat-stricken district of the corn belt Is
predicted by the weather bureau to-night.
No general rains are apparently yet in
sight, but thunder showers, with conse
quent lower temperatures, are probable in
Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Iowa, Illi
nois and possibly Indiana. There is a
prospect of a continuance of these show
ers Wednesday in the Ohio and Mississippi
valleys and in the upper lake regions,
bringing cooler weather for the time
being.
To-day the hot weather continued
thr3Ughout the corn- belt and over the
lower lake region ajid upper Ohio Valley,
but temperatures fell considerably during
the early evening over the latter district
under the influence of local thunder
storms. Thunder-storms also occurred in
South Dakota, Northern Illinois, portions
of Ohio. Missouri and Arkansas and af
forded some relief from the heat.
RELIEF PREDICTED
IN HOT WAVE DISTRICTS
Many witnesses are to be examined and
it is exsected that several days will be
occupied with the hearing. i
The following is a list of the children
now In the care of the Biters, all of whom
were in court to-day: Nellie Allen, 14
ytars; Mary Sousa, 12 years; Myrtle
Sousa, 12 years; Agnes O. Heon, 10 years;
Richard Rowe, 12 years; Freddy Fonso,
9 years; Enoch C. Allen, 9 years; Eugene
Buyers, 5 years; Benjamin F. Biter, 5
yems; Hazel Adams. 5 years; Violet
O'Herne, 4 years; Louise Baltimore (col
ored). 4 years; Mary Adams, 3 years;
Harry Ca'.so known as Harry Biter), 3
ytars; John , 3 years; Roy Matson, 2
years; Julia Seibold, 14 months.
But little interest is taken in the case
here, as it is looked upon as a battle be
tween two rival societies for the protec
tion of children.
The answer filed by Montieth was some
what sensational. It alleges the exist
ence of a conspiracy to destroy the home
and happiness of the respondents.' It was
charged that on July 6 the Biter home
was assailed by Secretary White, Consta
ble John Creed and others, who, without
any authority of law, forcefully entered
the premises. When John Biter remon
strated against their actions he was hand
cuffed to an iron pump. The Biters claim
that they are performing a labor of love
in caring for homeless waifs. Many of
their charges come to them from the
Children's Protective Association and
from parents who are unable to give them
proper care. The children, they declare,
are well housed.
SAN RAFAEL, July 15.— The applica
tion of M. J. White, secretary of the San
Francisco Society for the prevention of
Cruelty to Children, for letters of guard
ianship over the seventeen children now
in the custody of John Biter and his wife
at what has been called their "baby
farm," on the Lyford ranch, came up for
hearing before Judge Angellotti this aft
ernoon. Attorney T. J. Crowley appeared
for White and George W. Montieth for
the Biters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Baby Farm" Case Comes
Up Before Judge
Angellotti.
BAND OF LITTLE
TOTS IN COURT
Millionaire Coal Operator Married.
CINCINNATI, July 15.—Major E. C.
Camp, a millionaire coal operator of
Knoxville. Tenn.. and Mrs. Nance V. Laf
fertv of this city were married to-night
at the home of the latter. Mrs. Lafferty
is also wealthy. Mr. and Mrs. Camp de
parted for Boise City. Idaho, to attend the
miners' convention, after which they will
tour the Pacific Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 15.-Rev. J. Stitt
Wilson of Evanston, 111., delivered a
scathing arraignment of the competitive
system this morning In the First Congre
gational Church. Incidentally, his audi
ence, composed mostly of ministers of va
rious denominations, came In for some de
cidedly pointed suggestions regarding the
incompatibility of the teachings of Christ
and the present industrial system, which
the United States encourages.
Rev. Mr. Wilson attacked present condi
tions from every point of view, alleging:
in forcible and clear Anglo-Saxon that
there was' neither justice, mercy nor
brotherly love in the competitive 'system.
"The present condition of life affairs
leads to the survival of the brute," he de
clared, with vigor. "The product of labor
is the product of God perfected by man.
Under existing circumstances it is under
the possible control not of man in general,
but of one man. The resources of the uni
verse are subject to private ownership,
and while such is the case there can be
no true Christianity."
Rev. Mr. Wilson's efforts were primarily
directed toward showing the relationship
of socialism and Christianity, and, lead
ing to that theme, he laid down the three
fundamental principles of religious ex
istence: First, to establish justice; sec
ond, to show mercy, and third, to firmly
establish the principles of brotherly love.
Rev. Mr. Wilson then took the ground
that no clergyman of to-day could teach
the doctrines of Christ and uphold the
competitive system.
"The present system," said the speaker,
"is a gigantic struggle for existence, with
monopoly on top and humanity beneath.
It Is unchristian and it is the height of
blasphemy to link the name of God with
it."
Some rather wry faces were noticed
among the local clergymen present, as
Mr. Wilson showed an inclination to lead
from the shoulder. He was careful to
avoid a personal arraignment, however,
confining his efforts 'to the. impeachment
of the principle.
Death of Two Officers.
MANILA, July 15.— Lieutenant Charles
Ramsey of the Twenty-first Infantry, who
was wounded In the engagement near
Lipa, province of Batangas. early last
month. Is dead. The death is also an
nounced of Solon A. Massey, formerly a
lieutenant of artillery, who was recently
appointed purchasing agent of the Insu
lar Government.
General Chaff ee is visiting various points
on the railroad to the north.
NEW ORLEANS. July 15.— The Gardner
Motor Works were struck by lightning
to-night and . destroyed by fire. Loss
$150,000.
Struck by Lightning.
ATTACK A RIVAL
TONG'S QUARTERS
Friends of Lee Look Are
Worsted by the Hip
Second Trial of the High
binder Is Commenced
in San Jose. .
— ? »
Special" Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE,' July 15.— A war between the
Bing Ong Tong and Hip Sing Tong high
binders, in which the rormer society at
tempted to burn and loot the headquar
ters of the Hip Sings, took place in Hein
lieville Chinatown early this morning. The
two factions have been fighting for some
time, and lately it was said a price had
been placed on the head of two prominent
Hip Sings, because they gave "testimony
against Lee Look at his trial for murder.
Armed with axes and revolvers, a dozen
Bing Ongs stole up to and attacked the
Hip Sings clubhouse, hoping to take it
by storm and obtain an entrance and
murder the inmates before j they were
fairly awake. The Hip Sings were not
caught napping, and their sentry discov
ered the approaching war party.
A flying flag was cut down and the rear
of';the house set on' fire and then the
work of breaking in the door commenced.
The Hip Sings opened fire on the attack
ing party and the volley was returned.
The assailants were finally driven off
after a score of shots had been fired. The
incendiary blaze was extinguished. So
far as known, none of the participants in
the affray were seriously wounded.
Lee Look's Second Trial Begins.
The ' second trial of Lee Look, charged
with the murder of Lee Wing, began in
Judge Eorigan's court to-day, and the
work of selecting a jury occupied the
court's attention. -Owing to the acquittal
of the defendant in the face of seemingly
positive testimony that he committed the
deed and to the fact that it was intimated
that- witnesses had perjured themselves
for the defense, unusual interest centers
in the case and the courtroom -was
crowded.
Senator -Oneal, who appears for Lee
Look, presented an affidavit by himself
asking for a continuance. It set forth
that the defendant could not obtain a fair
and impartial trial in Santa Clara Coun
ty for. at least thirty days, because of. ad
verse public sentiment.. The District At
torney had alleged that at least five of
the witnesses for the defense had com
mitted perjury at the former trial, the :
newspapers had printed these statements
and jurors serving in this case would be
afraid that if they acquitted the defend
ant they would be ridiculed and charged
with bribery and corruption. The motion
was denied.
Eight Jurors Sworn.
The talesmen were carefully examined
by Attorney Oneal. They were asked if
they would give the same credence to tes
timony by Chinese, contradicting that of
the officers who captured Lee Look while
shooting Lee Wing, as to that of the offi
cers, and .whether they would be de
terred from voting to acquit by fear that
the papers would denounce them.
The following were sworn as jurors:
Samuel Hutchins, H. W. Stephens, H. W.
Wilkinson. E. Jacobs, A. R. King, T. O.
Cook. A. J. Landrum and Edwin Howes.
There has been a falling off in the coun
sel for the defendant. Only Oneal ap
peared to-day, and it is rumored that At
torneys Partridge, Jacobs and James have
withdrawn from the case.
GOLDEN CARGOES
ON YUKON BOATS
Shipments From Daw
son to Date Amount
to $5,000,000.
SEATTLE, July 15.— Late advices from
Dawson, under date of June 28, state that
the gold shipments to the outside this
year have amounted to $5,000,000 to date.
More than $3,000,000 of this sum went down
the Yukon and is going out by the way
of St. Michael, and the balance has gone
up the river. V
News has been brought from the mouth
of the Hootalinqua River by steamer that
a placer strike has been made on Lake
Creek, tributary to Lake Teslin, the
source of the Hootalinqua River.
Hams, potatoes and all kinds of fruit
are selling in Dawson at exceedingly low
rates and traders are losing money. Cher
ries, peaches, apples and other fresh
fruits are plentiful.
Wesley Brawdy, aged 22 years, was
swept from a raft on the Yukon River, a
short distance above Dawson, last week
and was drowned. J. W. Lowes, a native
of Toronto and a resident ofiBritish Co
lumbia, was drowned near Big Salmon" a
few days ago. Orin D. Merryman, a na
tive of Marysville, Mo., was accidentally
drowned at Eagle July 2 by the capsizing
of his canoe. •
An interesting picture has just been
purchased by King Edward VII. It was
painted by the Empress Frederick, then
Princess Royal, in 1855, to be sold for the
benefit of the widows and orphans of the
soldiers who fell in the Crimea. It is
called "The Battlefield," and was original
ly bought for- 500 guineas, but recently re
verted to a dealer.
CRADDOCK, Cape Colony. July 15.—
Johannes Coetze. caught with Marias, the
Tcbel, who was hanged July 10 at Middle
burg, was publicly executed for treason
in Craddock to-day.
GRAAF REINET, Cape Colony, July
15.— Colonel Scobell's column surprised
and captured Scheeper's laager at Camde
boo on July 14, taking thirty-one prisoners
and capturing a quantity of ammunition
and stores. Scheeper. with the bulk of
his commando, escaped. There were no
British casualties. Most of the prisoners
are rebels.
CAPE TOTVX. July 15.— The Prime Min
ister in addressing the vigilance commit
tee this afternoon replied to the petition
from Graaf Reinet regarding the suspen
sion of the responsible Government. He
maintained that there was no analog'
whatever between the circumstances in
Canada and in Cape Colony. The weak,
vacillating policy of the Imperial Govern
ment twenty years ago brought about the
present position In South Africa. Sir
Bartle Frcre had accepted his (Spriggs')
advice, but unhappily Great Gritain would
:iot listen to Sir Bartle Frere's recom
mendations. In consequence of this events
had occurred whence all the present trou
bles arose. Spriggs said he was entirely
satisfied eo long as Lord Salisbury re
mained in power there would be
no shadow or anything in the na
ture of going: back. He depre
cated the suspension of the respon
sible Government, as it might possibly
cause changes in the position of the Brit
ish political parties. The Cape Govern
ment entirely sympathized with the an
nounced policy of the Imperial Govern
ment. The Cape Cabinet had been ren
dering all possible support to the Imperial
Government and Intended to continue its
support with the full assurance that the
Imperial authorities would not vary their
policy, which he understood was to wipe
out the last vestige of republicanism in
South Africa. (Cheers.) Spriggs ex
pressed the opinion that the aspect of af
fairs was more nopeful to-day than at
any time since the outbreak of hostilities.
Says Home Government Will
Destroy Republicanism in
South Africa.
Minister • Springs Blames
the Weak Policy of
England.
BOER TROUBLE
UNDER REVIEW
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 O STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON. July 15.—Con
gress may be called upon next winter to
strtl further scale down the war revenue
taxes. The officials of the Treasury De
partment are surprised by the unexpect
edly large receipts for the first half of
the first month of the new fiscal year as
compared with the same period last year.
The total receipts for the first fifteen
days of July foot up $25,784 094 35. against
$23,043,155 38 for last year. Of the receipts
this month $9,807,243 77 are from the cus
toms, against $8,824,396 91 last year, and
$14. 972,698 44 from the internal revenue,
against $13,327,665 12 last year, and this
Increase in the internal revenue is in spite
of going into effect on July 1 of the rev
enue reduction law, which was expected
to cut down the internal revenue about
$40,000,000 per year. There has been an
increase in expenditures over last year
of about $2,000,000. but the current deficit
of $4,295,505 65 is about $1,700,000 less than
the deficit for the first fifteen days of last
July. July and August of this year were
both expected to show larger deficits than
the first two months of last year, but the
present prospects are that they will not
be much larger, and that the surplus at
the end of the year will be almost if not
fully up to the surplus at the end of the
last fiscal year, notwithstandins the In
creased expenditures and reduction of
taxation. This will largely depend, how
ever' on the reneral prosperity of the
country during the next eleven and a half
months.
Congress May Be Asked to
Further Scale Down War
Schedule.
Treasury Department Is
Surprised by Large .
•Receipts.
REVENUE TAXES
SHOW INCREASE
Rev. J. Stitt Wilson As
sails Industrial Con
ditions.
BROTHERLY LOVE
ONLY A BYWORD
The whitecappers were sentenced to the
penitentiary, but after a long^flght in the
courts their penalty was reduced to one
year in jail. It was while they were serv
ing these sentences last year that Baker
is accused of virtually granting them
their freedom. The outrage committed on
Gifford occurred In July, 189S. He was at
that time- a poor prospector seeking min
eral in the hills of Laluse Canyon, New
Mexico. The disappearance of Colonel A.
J. Fountain, the mystery of which has
never yet been solved, had stirred that
section of the co.untry until a state of un
usual excitement existed. Lawlessness
was rampant, and every stranger encoun
tered in the hills was suspected of being
a detective working on the Fountain case.
Gifford was a peaceful prospector, but he
was unknown and had been warned to
quit the country. He paid no attention to
the notice, and at midnight eight white
caps dragged him from his tent and bru
tally beat him. Then they poured tar over
him from his head to his feet and left
with a warning for him to depart within
twenty-four hours. He left, but was able
to identify five of his assailants. Four
were convicted, but the fifth man died
while under indictment.
EL PASO, Tex., July 15.-Ex-Sheriff W.
R. Baker of Otero County, New Mexico,
was arraigned before the United States
Commissioner here to-day on the charge
of violation of the statute by extending
too many privileges to four prisoners who
were sentenced to serve one year each in
the jail at Alamogordo for whitecapping
A. "W. GIfford, a wealthy mining man of
El Paso. The prisoners, Gilliland, Haynes,
Johnson and Counts, were found guilty
three years ago of taking Gifford from
his tent at midnight, administering fifty
lashes with a rawhide whip on his bare
back, treating him to a coat of tar and
ordering him to leave the' country within
twenty-four hours.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prisoners Favored Are Those
"Who Tarred and Whipped
an Innocent Man*.
Former Sheriff on Trial
for Violating the
Statute.
GIVES FREEDOM
TO WHITECAPPERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JULY 16,-1901.
8
Vfindoms
amMmm mmwmtm
Central California
San Jose la the central city of California, anil
Hotel Vendome la Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
reads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In erery respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" offlce. 20 Montgomery street.
San Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Joae. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3H Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. CaL
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Flatting Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marina Baaa.
The Society Resort.
HOTEI? METROPOLE and COTTNTRT C&TJB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournament*.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar»
rangements for camping and Illustrated paia-
phleu. apply to . - pE(^ Ag^
10 "ont^^n^^San^a^tjjco.
tn Sooth Spring St.. Loa Angeles. Cal.
THE SEASIDE RESORT OB* CENTRA!*
California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel:
FRANK REANIER. snpt. camp. Capltola. CaL
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
In all California; lots amusements; fine walks:
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $13 per
week. Open May 13. Circulars at city off -j»
»18 Larkin St.. S. F. DRtTRY & KROEGEK.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal.. 28 miles hy
stage west of "Williams; fare J2. Hottest anit
strongest water on the Coast: temperature Its
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
-skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths. 110 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor. • '
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 46 miles via C. N. Ry. or
S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try it. Round trip.
$1 10. Telephone: expensive Improvements; $11
and $14. COOPER St SHEDDES. Agua Ca-
llente, Cal. .
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats, flphintr tackle and saddle horsea at mod.
erate hire; $2 per day. or $10, $12 and $14 v~r
week. Postofflce, telephone. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
Greatly Improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games: every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.'. 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansoma
St.. or of DR. "W. A. McCORNACK. Point
Arera. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath BJver.
Rates, $2 and $2 50 per day; S10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery «t., or
address "EPSON BROS., Beswick. Slaldyott
County. CaL
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
2t£ hours' ride from S. F.: 5 miles from Vaf*
lejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
eia. eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boatlngr
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $3 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME £v3T% *£
altitude. No fog: climate delightful. Larga
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold baths.
Spring water. Rates, $7 week up. Stage meet*
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
CAMP CURftY
Makes It possible for you to spend a week or 4
month In Tosemlte without exhausting all yoas
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $45 per "i«Tith«
Offlce. 630 Market street.
YOSEMITBS I
S3O.OO
Or less will cover all expenses of a 19 dayV
trip to Yosemite. Curry's Offlce. 630 Market
street. S. F.
YOSEMITE!!
BOULDER CREEK HOTEL.
Under new management. Entirely renovated.
First-class family resort. Fine hunting and
fishing. Sulphur springs. For terms and par-
ticulars address P. J. WELCH, Prop., Boulder
Creek, Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking;
$7 per week and upward. F. and A. M.
SCALES. I-akeport. Lake County. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room,
$7 a week: camping privileges. $1 50 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRTNO9
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs.
Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lam-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeuort at 3:20: arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
cenger tourist wagons, made; to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakenort or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
¦ MILLER * HOWARD. Proprietor*.
LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-passenger Yosemlt*
Stage, ail outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
daily (Sundays ezcepted) at 11:30 a. m.. direct
to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard.. Ander-
son. Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy roand-trl?
tickets i h.->lf an hour for lunch at Callstcga;
also to Middletown. Lower Lake. KelseyvllU
, and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
THE LAUREL. Lob Gatos— First-class family
boarding-house; tome cooking: beautiful
surroundings; S minutes' walk to town. Terms.
$S to $10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McKENZTE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Propa.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most re stful plaw
In all California. Resident phy slclan- ET "?/
comfort and amusement. Rates— J10. ?"??£*
»15 and Jl« per week- Call on LEE D^CRAIO,
815 Montgomery St.. and see photographs oT
hotel and 8 surroundings. We take pleasura In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG *
WARNER. ¦ ;
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THB—
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW J>PEN.
¦Camp Reverie, on the Gneroevllle branch of
the California Northwestern Railway is pracu
cally a hotel under canvas. ,-%,**
Table board by the week. $6 60. E^''^
tents— different sizes— everything nei ?r ch *, r 5o
reasonable. Railroad fare from San Francisco,
round trip. $2 50. Take boat at Tiburon Ferry.
Call or address Camp Reverie Association.
Room SI, Flood Bulldinr. San Fr ancls £°' *<£
particulars and booklets: or write gamp Reverla
Association. P." O. Forestvllle .Sonoma Co..
Cal. Booklets may also be had at the tlcKet
offices of the California Northwestern Railway.
Delightful Surroundings and WITT CD
Excellent Accommodations at "II l.Lll
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach. Liver. Kidney.
Bladder Skin and Blood Diseases.
RecommSd by Leading Physician.- Thou-
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stajre from Uklah.
RODNEY McCORMICK. General Manager.
WITTER a iraD?CAL WlNGS COMPANT.
Upper Lake P. O.. Lake County Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot, 918 Market, r. M.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
' BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
j CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
! P.lg Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2V. hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day.
arriving at Yosemlte Valley 5 p. m. Send for
frustrated folder. WM. J WHITE. Gen 1
Agent. £30 Market st., opposite Palace Hotel,
S. F.: tel. Black 3571.
#> is m r% r> e\ HOT springs, sonoma
QirJlfZfmW Co.; only 4% hours from
OA/lC7CsO San Francisco: but 9 miles
staging: waters noted for
medicinal virtues: best natural bath In State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express: first-class hotel and stage
Eervlce; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only J3 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
112 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
flee. 20 Montgomery st.., or of J. F. MTJL-
GREW. Skaggs. Cal.'.
...NAPA... I Napa County.1
SODA SPRINGS | CaK |
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts.
- Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
OWN A HOME m^£- CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofnee at camp: board
and lodging $6; take Sausalito ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER,, or H. 11.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
Three trains dally; 2% hours* ride. A
Bettens. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Lombard & Co.. 36 Geary street. City.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House In the Santa Cruz mountains: 5
minutes from station; fine scenery; fishing,
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. MRS. I. N. HAYES.
HUNTING AND FISHING GALORE.
Parties wishing to go on a hunting and fleh-
Ing expedition In the Coast Range, where deer
and bears are plentiful, and trout-flshln? is
elegant, may find their way out by writing to
G. A. EATON, Lowrey, Tehama County.
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air, hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In*
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR.. Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau,
ZO Montgomery St.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOT GOOD
HEALTH ANT) PLEASURE AT THE COZT
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.
6ILR0Y HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave 3d and Townsend 8 a. m. and 2-43
p. m daily. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKe7~
Flshh:g; boats: excellent table: climate per-
fect: 16 miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS.
Truckee, Cal.
VICHY SPHINCS,
¦.-. T £ e ™ l5 l ph J ce l n the Ul »Ited States where
\jchy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters: Champasne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
Proprietors.
For rest and health | N THE SIERRAS
?i e mf? Ol i?f °^°- P - R - * ¦ ElewtiK fjust rijht-
ft w U T m t miles from SaD Fr - No staging aood
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send for
Booklet. Orchard Sprites, Colfax, CaL
BELLE VUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(King's Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
»1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR"
DOU. lessee.
MOUNTAIN HOME
<> In Santa Cruz Mountains. Health oleasnr.
fishing, hunting and swlmznlnz; Rood tihjT*.
guests at home; never fall to return- send fn^
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas.'
TOLL HOUSE.
¥>LEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
r few guests; mountain scenery; pure air is
per week. H. B. LAWLET, Callstoga? CaJ.
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C C. Foss" Stage Line from Callstoia.
g h 0 e S S^r C 0p^& gSaag^^
CAMPIAYLOR 2*S2\SSre-* -ffSs
BOARD.FBUIT FARMr^^,,-^ p°««-
Terms. »6; fare 80c Box». Redwood^CUyf"
TL Uf II P II
The Weekly Call
$1 per Year.
• Geneva Is trying to attract sinful tour-
ists. It is announced that baccarat may
be played for unlimited stakes in' the Kur
Saal hereafter. .
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth and Folsom streets,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Courses of . Study to fit young men for
¦ positions as
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
FGUNDRYMEN. MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
ENGINEERS.
Open ' to any graduate of the grammar
schools or equivalent course. .
AOHE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young men and women over 16 years of age.
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,;
With Instruction ill
SEWING. COOKERY. DRESSMAKING.
MILLINERY, HOME NURSING.
INVALID COOKERY. ETC.
NORMAL COURSES, ;
• To Preoare Students as
TEACHERS ¦. OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
MANUAL TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a "fee of Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials and
breakaC TERM OPENS JULY 29. 1901.
Office now open for applications. Send - for
Catalogue.
BARTON CRUIKSHANK. M. S.. President.
ST. GERTRUDH'S ACADEMY FOR
YOUNG LADIRS.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Aug.
5, 1001. . Full Academic Course of studies.. Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparing Teachers.
Grammar and . lower classes graded on State
Schools. Modern building; steam heated ;
lighted by gas; large exercise grounds; loca-
tion unsurpassed for health. Communication
by several lines of steamers.
Address MOTHER SUPERIOR, Rio Vista, Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities: rare • opportunities offered in mu-
sic, art and elocution; thirty-sixth year; fall
term opens Aug. 7, 1901. Write for catalogus
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. M1113 Collega
P. P.. Cal. - •¦ - ¦ - ¦ ¦¦
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
_ ' - San Francisco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr., also Vassar, Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 1901.
~ SARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
AND NEWSPAPER ILLUSTRATION.
DAY AND NIGHT CLASSES.
New Term Begins August 5.
424 PIXE STREET. ¦
RAYMOND COACHING SCHOOL,
465 Eddy St.. San Francisco,. Cal.
Repairs deficiencies In all grades. Prepares
for Law and 1 Medical Colleges ¦ and for the
Universities. • Sessions continuous. V- T
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME;
SIXTEENTH AND DOLORES STS.
San Francisco, Cal.
WILL OPEN AUGUST 1.
Address SISTER SUPERIOR.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
OPENS AUGUST 19. For catalogue and spe-
cial information apply. to
MARY B. WEST, Principal.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges;
references, President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xmas Term Will Commence August 14.
Major Geo. C. Collins. Commandant. .
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments: positions for graduates.
S05 Larkin st. Illustrated catalogue.
R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls. 2126 Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the universities. The
next session will begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
catalogue address the principal.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL. The next term will begin
August 15, 1901. For catalogue and illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER,
A. B.. Rector and Head Master.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
302 Montgomery St., San Francisco", Cal.
Lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
College Soi Rafael for Young Ladies.
Conducted by the Sisters of St. Dominic.
Opens August 1, 1901. Full college course of
studies. Modern building; steam heated. Un-
surpassed for beauty and healthfulness. Ad-
dress MOTHER SUPERIOR, College San Ra-
fael, Ban Rafael. CaL
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, 1615 Bush st. (west of
Franklin)— Principal GEORGE BATES, Mgr.,
13 Intended to furnish the best preparation for
the universities or for business to a limited
number of pupils. Opens on Monday, Aug. 5.
For circulars, etc., address 904 Van Ness ave.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Ppiea Lists Mails!
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Etrahle
& Co. (esfd. 1852V 409 Market St.; upon in-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL, COXE ANJ PIQ IRO.V.
JC WIT QflV * C(\ 900 Battery Street.
• V- TTlLjUn U MJ-> Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RflYF<I * Tft Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- flUlCjtt W/- clay. Tel. Main 1294
______
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS, ENSIGN & McGUF-
FICK, 23 Spear St., S. F. Tel. Main 5320.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
MEN'S WHITE DRESS SHIRTS for 40c.
¦worth $1: Ladies' and Children's Hose 6c a
Pair, at Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
PRINTINQ. ~~
Ef HITfiRpC PRINTER,
U(JUi9L3. 611 Sansome st.. S. T.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.;
* . 23 First Street. San Francisco.
O I PI" PI ft At ¦ ¦ Corner,. Fourth and
unit nuiHU^ovi^K
, valises checked free.
Millions of little glands or tubes connect the blood with the skin, and through
these small drain pipes perspiration passes out, carrying with it the impurities that
are thrown off by the blood. Should the pores of the skin be entirely closed for
even a brief space of time, and the poisonous matter forced back into the circula-
tion, instant death would result. In addition to the sweat glands, the skin is
provided with certain others which pour out upon it an oily substance, keeping
the skin pliable and soft and protecting it from heat and cold. The blood and skin
are so closely related that whatever affects one seriously interferes with the tunc-
tions of the other. Not only health, but life itself, depends upon perfect harmony
between the blood and skin. When, therefore, the —-.# -¦¦••I
blood becomes poisoned from any cause, it quickly intBMSii SUtU
manifests itself upon the skin in the form . **** S **'** —^
of sores and ulcers, pimples and; various rOMSOnS
eruptive diseases. , By the character of the # ' '.,...,
sore we are enabled to determine the nature of the poison or humor in the Dlooci,
as every disease originating in the blood has its own peculiar sore or pimple. The
skin is not only affected by. the poisons generated in the system, but poisons from
without enter through the open glands or pores and quickly infect the blood.
Mercury rubbed upon the skin will produce Rheumatism, and Poison Oak and Ivy
and other wild plants gain easy access to the blood through the skin. As so-called
• skin diseases originate in the blood,' the application
Plit*S BtOOti—" of powders, soaps and washes can do no permanent
rmmm «* mmm*, good, but often do immense damage by
Soft, Healthy Skin f»*ssSSi1S£*SSS^^
of the skin. The treatment must begin with the blood, and the acid or other pois-
ons antidoted or neutralized. S. S. S. does this and purifies the circulation, builds
up the blood. and flushes the little glands or pores with pure, new blood, and
restores healthy action to the skin. - The use of cosmetics never yet brought health
and beauty to a rough, red, pimply skin or sallow complexion. What is needed
is rich, pure blood, such as S. S. S. makes. It not only relieves you of all disfigur-
ino- blackheads, blotches and irritating, itching eruptions, but improves your general
health. S. S. S. contains no mercuiy, potash, arsenic or other mineral,. but is a
purely vegetable remedy and the safest and best. in all blood and skin troubles.
Write our physicians for advice or information ; they have made a study of blood
. and skin diseases, and you can have the best medical advice without cost. Book on
Blood and Skin Diseases free. ; THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA. .6A. -;- ;
i » » _ i i
LEADING' BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
¦r - 24' Post St.. San Francisco, Cal. '
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Year.
_•¦ . Write for 80-page catalogue (free).VANCOUVER, July 13.— A contract
for building the fifteen- mile exten
sion of the Portland-Vancouver and
Yakima Railroad was awarded to-day to
the Western Construction Company of
Portland, Or. The contiact calls only for
clearing and grading the roadbed, includ
ing bridge work, the track to be laid by
the company. The work* will be com
menced at once from. Battleground,
Wash., the present northern terminus,
sixteen miles north of this city. The con
tract requires the work to be finished by
December 15.
Contract for a Roadbed.
DELTA, Colo., July 15.— Deputy Game
Warden F. A. McHaney, a half-breed
Indian, shot and killed "W. A. Womaek
and fatally wounded A. L. Hlnchman,
who, it 13 claimed, resisted arrest when
Illegally fishing in Grand Mesa Lakes.
McHaney gave himself up and was taken
to Gunnison for safe-keeping, as the feel
ing against him among the people in the
vicinity of the lakes is very bitter. For
several years there has been friction be
tween the citizens of Delta County and
the Game Wardens, who were stationed
at the lakes to prevent the public from
fishing- there. The citizens claim that tho
lakes are public waters and were stocked,
with fish when ' the Indians were here.
William Radcliffe. on the other hand,
claims exclusive fishing privileges on ac
count of stocking the lakes and by vir»
tue of State law. He employed the Game
Wardens to protect his rights.
Resist Arrest and One of
Them Is Instantly
Killed.
FISHERMEN SHOT
BY GAME WARDEN
SAN RAFAEL, July 15.— The anniver
sary of the Fall of the Bastile was cele
brated to-night at Escalles by a large
and merry crowd, Jean Escalles had
erected a dance platform, and the grounds
were beautifully . decorated with flags,
lanterns and electric lights. Dr. E. Hill
of San Francisco was the orator of the
evening. The committee on arrangements
was composed of F. Schubert, Daniel Osh
ander and W: Atkins.' After the exercises
the merrymakers danced until the small
hours of the morning.
- — - • - : ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . . !.-;-.-
French Fete at Escalles.
SANTA ANA, July. 15.-Charles Stohr
of Westminster was held up on the pub
lic highway near town last night by two
masked ¦ men. One of \ the road agents
caught Stohr's horse by the bridle while
the other one commanded Stohr to hand
over his valuables, at the same time
thrusting the muzzle of a revolver under
his nose. Stohr quickly reversed his whip,
dealing the fellow with the -weapon a.
terrific blow on the head with the butt
end of It, knocking him down. Then lash
ing his horse the animal soon broke away
from the man at its head and the fellow
narrowly escaped being' run over. '.
Westminster Citizen Uses the
Butt of His Whip With
Good Effect.
PLUCKILY REPELS TWO
MASKED HIGHWAYMEN
The club asked that before the passing
of any ordinance • the question ' be thor
oughly ¦ considered bo as Ho protect the
rights of both classes. It Is willing to
assist the board in having any reasonable
regulations complied with, and will pass
regulations of its own Imposing fines and
dismissal from the club for violations
thereof. The delegates asked that action
be postponed, until a uniform ordinance
could be framed, which they will ask all
the bay counties to pass. The request
was granted.
been made to members of the board by
citizens who drive spirited horses, charg
ing automobillsts with an utter disregard
of their rights upon the highways. £
Naval Station.
San Francisco merchants have awak
ened to the real value of the navy yard
at Mare Island as a source of great income
to trie business houses of San Francisco
and will visit the naval station July. 24 to
acquaint themselves with the extent of
the greatest ship-building plant on 4 the
coast. '•
The steamer General Frisbio has been
chartered for the. trip. She will carry
men to the island who for the last twenty
years have been enjoying the benefits of
' navy yard trade* -.••-.":
Five millions of dollars are distributed
annually through the Navy Pay. Office of
San Francisco to the merchants : here.
They have accepted this Immense sum
without making an effort to secure its
continuance- until the need of a knowl
edge of the - merits of the naval station
was forced upon; them.
The excursion to the yard occurs at a'
busy time, but the merchants have signi
fied their intention to make the trip. Rep
resentatives of the largest firms in San
Francisco have promised to visit the yard
on this occasion and I use the knowledge
gained by the trip to bring to the atten
tion of the Navy. Department the -value
Qf the i naval, ftlant.; t , ;
MERCHANTS WILL VISIT
MARE ISIiANT> NAVY YAED
Prominent Business Men Awaken
to the Value of Government
Insurance Bates Not Raised.
PETALUMA, July 15.-C. M. Nichols,
representative of the Board of Under
writers, was in this city to-day investi
gating the condition of the city's water
supply. The Inquiry is occasioned by the
shortage of water in the Sonoma County
Water Company's reservoirs. The water
has been turned off at nights and the in
surance companies have threatened to
double the rates or cancel the policies in
this city. What Nichols saw convinced
him that there was no occasion for alarm.
The retaining reservoirs were well filled
and a good watch service is kept, so as
to speedily turn on the water in case of
alarm. No change will be made in the
rates.
Hurled Down an Embankment.
PETALUMA, July 15.— District Deputy
of the Odd Fellows H. F. Smith and F.
H. Myers were thrown over an embank
ment on the Occidental road last night
and came near losing their lives. Their
horse became frightened and dashed down
a. twenty-foot grade. Smith fell under the
ris and was badly Injured about the body
ami his left wrist was broken. Myers fell
cl^ar of the vehicle and caught the horse,
preventing further damage. ¦>-
School of Bihle Study.
RAN'TA CRUZ. July 15.— Garfleld Park
5s filling- up and -visitors are arriving' daily.
D^an Van Kirk of the Berkeley Bible
Seminary has arrived and to-morrow he
•01 open the summer school of Bible
study at the Christian Church Tabernacle.
TWe If-adlng; course -will be "The Rise of
roe O\<% Testament Prophets" and "The
¦I^aching? of Jesus." -
Come Bight Along
.'vn<1 have your pJck of $3.00 shoes that
ere beJnp gold ail this week for 75c a pair.
Jund you, what is left will go for 50c, be
ginnir.R on r*>xt Monday, at the Factory
Thiril° r Shoes, 717 Market street, near
SACRAMENTO. July 15.— The Board of
Supervisors, Bitting as a County Board of
Equalization, concluded its deliberations
to-night and raised the assessments on
city and county realty and personal prop
erty $303,751. Most of this sum will fall on
the Rancho* del Paso, which was raised
S200.000. •- ¦ .
Baises the Assessments.
SANTA ROSA. July 15.— County, As
sessor Dowd to-day completed the figures
of this year's assessment of Sonoma Coun
ty. The total, value of property assessed
is $24,124,710, being an increase over last
year of $230,440. "The biggest gain is in im
provements and personal property.'
Sonoma County's Assessment.
PETALUMA, July 15.— The house of
Mrs. J. M. Ingalls was burned to the
ground a few nights ago: To-day an in
vestigation by insurance adjusters showed
that the building had been set afire. It
was but 16x20 feet In dimensions and was
insured, with the furniture stored within,
for $1700. The Insurance companies will
contest the claim of the owner.
* m
Arson or Incendiarism.
LONG BEACH, July 15.— The Southern
California Chautauqua Association began
Its annual session here this afternoon with
music under the direction of Professor W.
J. Chick of Los Angeles and an address of
welcome by Mayor Wolcott of Long
Beach. Mrs. John Sloan rendered a con
traltc solo, Mrs. Laurelle Harding Chase
played a piano selection and C. R. Valen
tine gave a violin solo. Rev. H. D. Gage
led in prayer and Rev.. Kendall read an
original poem. Five-minute speeches were
delivered by Revs. Pease, Norton, Atkin
son, Armstrong and Greenwall, all of local
churches. This evening Miss S. H. Ster
rett of Throop Institute. Pasadena, de
livered a lecture on "Modern Sculpture."
Southern California Chautauqua.
At the last meeting of the board It was
decided to pass a stringent ordinance to
suppress recklessness in the operation of
these vehicles. Numerous complaints had
In this county brought a delegation from
the Automobile Club of San Francisco to
Redwood City to-day.
REDWOOD CITY, July 15.— The pro
posed "action of the Board of Supervisors
In relation to the running of automobiles
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Mateo Supervisors De
lay Passing of Stringent
Ordinance.
AUTOMOBILISTS ASK
FOR FURTHER TIME
When the enthusiasm had subsided,
Lieutenant Colonel Daniel McGloin, who
is Jn command of the regiment during the
enforced absence of Colonel Ed Power,
responded in behalf of the cadets. He
thanked the Mayor for the nice things
said of the regiment and voiced the ap
preciation of the cadets for the splendid
reception and courtesies extended by the
citizens' committee.
McGloin Makes Response.
In a perfunctory way do we greet you, not
with the acknowledgment of the hand, but
with all the prismatic glow of the fullness and
kindness of the human heart do we welcome
you— extending to you the freedom of our city,
our hearths, our homes. Come in the morn,
at noontide, come any time, for the latch string
is out. •
We are reminded by the success of this great
gathering that we require more of each other's
society than is usually cultivated; men and
minds should l>e brought more together in so
cial contact, which uuder favorable conditions
would aid to mold mutual interests, and 'per
haps be the means of making them better men
and brighter members of society. And therein
we are taught to acquire each other's aid and
sympathy, that we must wear around us the
ir-antle of common friendship if we wish to
succeed in life; alone we cannot succeed; to
gether we can create a bond of feeling that
will stem the tide of selflsh desire and guide
us Into those channels of friendship that will
strengthen as the current of life rolls on.
The League of the Cross Cadets is gratefully
welcome. • ".
We all appreciate you, and cheer you on to
that reward that is Jn store for every man who
thinks with integrity and acts with decision.
It is our hope that during your bivouac here.
every anticipated pleasure will be fully real
ized and that the appreciation of our citizens
for this kindly visit will be made known by
anticipating the attentions and the courtesies
due Cairp Power.
Company H, "der pride of sout'-of-derslot."
Is not sleeping during this encampment. Its
street is known as the abiding-place of "The
Tar Flat Grenadiers." 'All but one member of
the company was thrown into the guardhouse
last night for raising "rough house." Johnny
Burke, the only man who escaped, was doing
guard duty and he seemed to envy the unhappy
plight of his friends.
"Deacon" 'Jones, a colored gemmen from San
Francisco, Is in camp as valet for the dudes
of Company C. Lieutenant Frank J. Dough
erty met the "Deacon" while marching down
Market street, and as the boy wanted to play
soldier for a week Frank and his fellow cadets
raised a fund to pay for his transportation and
"found" while away. He has taken the pledge.
The boys are having a picnic with the "Dea
con." He sleeps at the foot of Dougherty's
bed and is visited nightly by skylarkers. He
loves watermelon and eats this luscious fruit
with satisfaction to himself and onlookers.
Notes of the Camp.
The first sergeants of the regiment will
give a dance at the Pavilion to-morrow
night. The boys are making great prepar
ations for this affair.
Company D, under command of Captain
Frank McCarthy, gave an exhibition drill.
These lads marched like veterans and
their maneuvers, faultlessly carried out,
aroused enthusiasm. The League of the
Cross Band, under the direction of Cap
tain Putzer, played a number of stirring
marches and waltz music for those who
indulged in the light fantastic. Dancing
was kept up until taps, when the cadets
reluctantly returned to camp to discuss
the success of the reception. Although
tired from their day's pleasure, the lads
skylarked and kept their neighbors awake.
The guardhouse as usual became crowded
with revelers and belated soldiers. As a
ic-sult there will be clean streets In camp
to-morrow.
A pretty and patriotic ceremony each night
at dress parade Is the lowering of the stars and
stripes. The buglers sound "retreat" and then
the regimental band plays the national anthem.
The regiment Is drawn up at attention. Specta
tors stand with uncovered heads. Every man
or boy who enters Camp Power is compelled to
raise his hat to the flag before crossing the
line. A keen-eyed . sentry will remind him if
this homage be not accorded the Stars and
Stripes-
On Wednesday evening': versatile members of
the regiment will give an entertainment at the
Opera-house for the benefit of St. John's
Church.
The "rag tags" are a happy lot. Their Blgn
Is one of the best in camp. On It are printed
funny pictures and these lines: "At banquets
we shine; for eatings we pine. All we want Is
3 meals a day." Signed: Jack Foley, Jack Re
gan, Billy Nolan and Charlie Plnkham.
Ed Colbert, J. Blaney, Bert Doherty and Jim
Sullivan are "buffaloes." Captain Frank A.
McCarthy of D and Lieutenant James E.' Mc-
Cormick, the "lyric poet," are to be Initiated
into the mysteries of the order. The ; boys eat
left-handed, as their rights are busy reaching
for the best on the table. < -. _'_¦.. ..- *y.'
The "katzenjammer kids" brought a water
distributer to camp this year and as a result
their neighbors are in misery. Andy Burke
alms the instrument, Frank Oneto packs the
bucket, Joe Greenan fills it and Frank McGov
ern finds Bleeping victims.
"The four old vets" of Company K are
"Lord" O'Nell. "Duke" Mitchell, "Squire"
Roonan and "Marquis" Rellly. They never
miss the pie at their meals or anything else on
the table.
Benjamin McKlnley, captain and Inspector of
the regiment and a nephew of the President,
was unceremoniously awakened from sleep last
night. The "night raiders" used a syringe full
of water to arouse him and they succeeded.
-When . Ben changed bedding and clothes and
was or.ee more in the land of dreams he was
dumped on the floor by the same crowd. Mr.
McKlnley does not use profane language, but he
thinks it.
TYPICAL SCENES IN CAMP POWER, THE OUTING STRONGHOLD OF THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS.
ONE OF THE FAVORITE DIVERSIONS OF THE FIRST REGIMENT BOTS IS THE COURT-MARTIALING OF
UNFORTUNATES FOR IMAGINARY OFFENSES.
July 23— Nevada-California-Oregon,
Valley, North Pacific Coast, California and Ne
vada, Nevada County Narrow Gauge.
July 24 — Pullman Company, Gualala River.
Alameda and San Joaqutn.
July 25— Randsburg, Pajaro Valley.
July 26— Pacific Coast, Lake Tahoe. Sierra
Railway of California.
July 30— California-Northwestern.
July 31 — Santa Fe System.
August 1— Santa Fe System.
Secretary Charles Coglan was instructed
to send letters to County Assessors ask
ing for the amount of church property left
off the roll under the constitutional
amendment exempting churches from
taxation.
Fix T>ates on Which They Will Hear
Statements From the Various
Companiesi-
SACRAMENTO, July 15.— The State
Board of Equalization met to-day In the
Capitol, ' Chairman A. Brown presiding.
The other members present were L. H.
Brown of the First district. R. H.
Beamer of the Third district and State
Controller E. P. Colgan.
Applications for extension of time in
which to sit as Boards of Equalization
were received from the County Boards of
Fresno, Mono and Tuba and were granted.
The if ollowing order was entered: Fresno,
to July 29; Mono, to August 3; Tuba, to
July 20. .
r The hearing of statements of railroads
was set for the following dates: •- •
STATE EQUALIZERS
CITE THE RAILROADS
. Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 15.— Word
has been received here of thq finding of
the body of D. D. Dick, a wealthy and ec
centric Englishman. He was accidentally
drowned. Mr. Dick had, been staying at
the Banff Hotel; and it was not unusual
for him to remain. away for several days.
He wandered off on July 7 and to-day his
body was found. He was estimated to'be
worth $2,000,000. ' -.' ¦.
? ' • '-. ¦
Opper Estate Distributed.
SACRAMENTO, July 15.— Superior
Judge Hughes has settled and allowed
the final account of the administrator of
the estate of John H. Opper, deceased,
and made an order distributing the estate
to the heirs-at-law, all of whom reside
in Germany. There has been filed a wfll
by which . the property was bequeathed
to the wife of Attorney W. H. Metson of
Sacramento. A contest was filed \/y the
heirs-at-law, but it was subsequently dis
missed. It . is understood that a com
promise has been effected between Mrs.
Metson and the representatives of the
heirs-at-law. The estate was valued at
upward of $25,000. \
Two Brothers Insane.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. July 15.— Virgil
Hodges was brought from his home in
Arroyo Grande yesterday and adjudged
insane. The boy was violent and had to
be kept tied. Several weeks ago his
brother, Clarence Hodges, was sent to an
asylum. '
Body of D. D. Dick, an Eccentric
Englishman, Is Found Near
MILLIONAIRE MEETS
DEATH BY BROWNING
Engagement of the Petaluma Bank
Official and the Heiress Is
Announced.
PETALUMA, July 15.— Miss Elizabeth
Wickersham, daughter of the late I. G.
Wickersham and heir to $300,000 from his
estate, has consented to become the wife
of Captain Thomas MacClay of this city.
The announcement of the engagement
was made to-day, but the date for. the
wedding has not yet been set, as Miss
Wickersham is still in mourning for the
death of- her brother, Fred A. Wicker
sham.
The social position of the couple and the
prominence of the groom in business cir
cles make the betrothal one of State
wide interest. Captain MacClay is the
cashier of the Wickersham Banking Com
pany, and has been the confidential man
ager of -the Wickersham affairs for the
past several months, during the illness
and following the death of F. a. Wicker
sham. He was formerly City Clerk and
City Treasurer of Petaluma, and for sev
eral years was the captain of the Nation
al Guard company in this city.
Miss Wickersham is a leader in local so
ciety, and her modesty and charity have
won the love and esteem 'of- all classes.
She is one of the most earnest .members
of St. John's Episcopal Church. '
CAPTAIN MacCLAY TO WED
ELIZABETH WICKERSHAM
SAN LUIS OBISPO, July 15.— William
Kelsoe, the supposed murderer of Harry
E. Blochman at Santa Maria on July 3,
was captured last night by Sheriffs Ivans
of San Luis Obispo County and Stewart
of Santa Barbara County. The informa
tion leading to his apprehension was given
by J. H. Henry, on whose ranch, near
Templeton, Kelsoe had been working for
a week past.
Kelsoe was brought to San Luis Obispo
to-night and lodged in prison. He* admits
that he is the man for whom posses have
been searching for nearly two weeks,
but denies all knowledge of the murder of
young Blochman and even claims that he
never knew any one of that name.
Had Kelsoe been captured a week ago
it is likely that he would have been
lynched, as the sentiment against him
was very strong. Scores of men joined in
the pursuit of the fugitive with . the
avowed intention of stringing him up if
he were caught. Now that the excitement
has subsided somewhat it is believed that
the prisoner is in no danger of mob
violence. No chances will be taken, how
ever, and the jail will be kept well
guarded.
Kelsoe, in giving an account of himself
to-night, said he was in San Luis Obispo
on July 4. He went to work on the Henry
ranch on July 6. giving his name as Wal
ter Jackson. He tried to get his wages
and leave, but was detained until the offi
cers could make the arrest. An officer Is
coming from Santa Barbara, and he will
be taken to that city to-morrow.' Kincaid,
who is supposed to have been implicated
In the murder and is now in jail in Santa
Barbara, once worked in this city.
Kelsoe was a member of Company G,
Sixth California Volunteers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Supposed Murderer of
Young Blochman in
Prison.
SHERIFFS CATCH
SUSPECT KELSOE
The officers on duty in camp to-day were:
Captain Kennedy of Company N, officer of the
day; Lieutenant Frank J. Dougherty of Com
pany C, officer of the guard, and Sergeant of
the Guard Ed Gleason. The corporals were:
Dan Murnhy of C and Flory Sullivan of r>.
Camp "Goo-Goo Eyes" w occupied by Lieu
tenants J. McBrien and W. Carey of N. The?;;
gentlemen have decorated their tent with pink
and green cheesecloth, and the effect Is start
ling to the beholder.
Dr. Morrlsey, chief of medical corps, arrivtd
on this afternoon's train. He was met at the
depot by the hospital squad. As he stopped oft
the train the bugles and drums saluted him
and the cadets stood at attention in his honor.
The passengers on the train and people at the
depot thought the doctor was a president of a
republic, so much homage having been paid
him. t
Doctor J. H. Doyle of the hospital corps is
practicing dentistry in camp. He has extracted
a few teeth in the presence of a select contin
gent, so that they might enjoy the victim's
howls. He Is doing good work and regrets that
he can't charge fancy arlces.
"Pie" Gavin of Company E retired to his
tent this and after indulging in his
afternoon "pipe" dreamed he was a command
ing officer and was making his friends Ganey
and Broderick clean camp. When he came to
he found his face neatly blackened.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
POWER, NAPA, July 15.— The
residents of this county crowded
the pavilion this evening to wit
ness the official welcome to
the first Regiment, League of the Cross
Cadets, which is encamped here. The
hall was beautifully decorated by the citi
zens' committee, and presented a hand
some appearance. The cadets filled the
spacious building and their uniforms of
blufl made a pretty background for the
white gowns of the fair sex.
Rev. Father Slattery, pastor of St.
John's Church of this city, acted as presi
dent of the evening. In a few words the
pastor introduced "Uncle Jack" Fuller,
Mayor of Napa, and one of the most popu
lar men in the valley. The Mayor was
given an ovation and when the applause
had ceased spoke in part as follows:
Of the many pleasant duties that have de
volved upon me I cannot recall one that has
given me as much satisfaction and pleasure
as that assigned to me this evening, of ex
tending to the League of the Cross Cadets a
welcome to the beautiful city of Napa. Not
A sugar ship came up to the dock at
Crockett this morning, but on account of
the strike- she was unable to discharge,
and she returned to San Francisco upon
telephone order to discharge at that port.
The, strike was entirely orderly. The
men, having formulated their demands,
which were not conceded, refused to go to
work this morning. There was no dis
turbance, and although a number of peace
officers were on hand their services were
not required. The strike will be a serious
inconvenience to shippers, as the sidings
are full of freight cars laden with wheat
ready for the warehouses. At present
ships are scarce, and vast quantities of
grain is being housed in readiness for
shipment as soon as charters can be-pro
cured. Since the trouble at Stockton has
been adjusted an accumulation of wheat
at that point has been rushed In here.
Much of it still remains on the cars, and
it is impossible to say when it can be
handled, as the men have a very strong
organization, and the situation Is such
that it is extremely difficult to get outside
help.
The railroad yards are full of cars, and
a congested condition will result if a set
tlement is not reached in a few days. The
•warehousemen refuse to listen to any
overtures unless nine hours are conceded
and time and one-half is paid for over
time.
MARTINEZ, July 15.— The freight hand
lers at Carquinez Straits, from the Neva
da docks down, including those at Mc-
Nears and Crockett, went on strike this
morning, which will involve from 300 to
400 men. The warehousemen endeavored
to get the weighers to do some work, but
they also refused out of sympathy for the
general freight handlers. As a result
everything in the shipping line Is at a
standstill.
The ships Wadsbeck and Chipperdyke
are here loading. An attempt was made
to have the sailors on board truck wheat
to the stevedores. The stevedores refused
to receive the wheat and quit work.
At Balfour A Guthrie's warehouse one
man was induced to go to work at 8
o'clock. He was later escorted to the Ala
meda County iire.
The sugar company on Saturday called
all of its dockmen to the office and gave
them their discbarge. A great many were
old employes and non-union men. No ex
planation was given except that the ac
tion was taken en orders from headquar
ters.
CROCKETT. July 13.— The strike . of
freight handler? went into effect a.t 9
o'clock this morning, Eppinger & Co.'s
men being the* first to walk out. Every
man employed in the warehouses between
here and Martinez is out. There have
been no disturbances of any kind. The
California and Hawaiian Sugar Company
attempted to induce the men from the
refinery to work in the warehouses, but
they refused, and were discharged in con
sequence. Even the boys were discharged
for refusing to truck sugar.
Dock Superintendent Prank Sherman
and two foremen, unable to engage n-en,
finally doffed their coats and went at
trucking themselves.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Large Consignments of Gram
From the Interior Are
Tied Up.
Along Oarquinez
Straits.
DOCK EMPLOYES
ALL WALK OUT
? —
Traffic at a Standstill
REDWOOD CTTT, July IS.— An ordi
nance wsls adopted by the Board of Su
pervisors of Ban Mateo County to-day
which Imposes a tax of $10 upon each
body disinterred and removed from a
cemetery In this county to any place out
eide the county. The ordinance Is aimed
principally at the Chinese, who have a
cemetery In the north end of the county
In which their dead are buried tem
porarily. In form the ordinance Is a
health regulation; In effect It Is a rev
enue producer.
Many Chinese are burled in the county
whose remains ultimately find their way
back to China. Under the ordinance be
fore a body may be removed a permit
must be obtained from the health officer,
to whom the $10 fee is paid. It does not
apply to bodies removed from place to
place in this county.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
County Imposes a Tax Upon
Bodies Removed From
Its Cemeteries.
SAN MATEO TO EXACT
REVENUE OF CHINESE
Mrs. Navaret had run for assistance
when the shooting began. When the po
lice arrived they found Johnson dying. He
and the girl were taken to the Receiving
Hospital. Johnson never recovered con
sciousness. The girl's wounds were dress
ed. They are in the back of the head and
are net serious. She showed remarkable
r.erve. and, having been treated, walked
about the apartment, relating the story
of the tragedy. The bullets, which are 35
caliber. have not been removed from the
girl's head, but this probably will be done
to-morrow.
Little is known of Johnson here. He
v.as 24 years old and a native of Sweden.
The Xavaret family has not the best of
reputation. A few years ago the girl's
father, John Navaret, was shot in the leg
while caught in the act of stealing hay,
and he has served several terms in the
County_JaiL
Louisa then struggled to her feet and
Johnson caught her as she was leaving
the room. The girl tore away from him
and ran out on the front porch, where
she fell. Johnson then shot himself in
the head.
Louisa Navaret at this time was seated
in a rocking- chair crocheting and John
sen was only a few feet away. He at
once began shooting. The first two bul
lets missed the girl and lodged in the
wall. The third struck her in the back
of the head. She fell and then arose.
Johnson fired again, this bullet also
striking: her in the head. She was rend
ered unconscious for a few minutes and
when she regained her senses he was i
standing over her. She told him she was
not dead yet and he started to load his
revolver, saying he would kill her and
himself.
Escapes From the Murderer.
Johnson left the house at 8 o'clock this
morning- and went up town. When he re
turned he exhibited a marriage license he
had procured and said a minister would
be at the house at 3:30 o'clock to perform
the ceremony. He said he was "as happy
as a bird," and asked Louisa if she would
marry him. The girl declined to marry
on such ehort notice. She went to dinner,
Johnson declining to eat, and when she
returned to the room he was gone.
Johnson returned at 2 o'clock. He again
asked her to marry him and on her re
fusal he remarked that he had something j
for her, whereupon he produced a revolver
he had purchased. He declared he would
kill her and himself unless she complied,
and the girl told him he was giving: her
"hot air."
Procures a Marriage License.
Johnson came up from Redwood City,
where he is employed, on Saturday even
ing. Last night he stopped at the girl's |
house. He told Mrs. Navaret yesterday
that he wanted to marry Louisa and that {
if she refused him, no one else should have
her. He would kill her and then him
self. This was regarded as an idle threat.
For more than a year Johnson and :
Louisa Navaret had been lovers and i
shortly after their -first meeting she had !
promised to marry him. Several times i
the date was set, but she postponed the i
marriage. As many times he had threat
ened to kill her if she trifled with him.
and to-day he tried to execute these
threats. '
That murder was not added to the act i
of suicide vras no fault of Johnson, for j
he stood but a yard away from his sweet- i
heart and fired four shots at her. Two of I
the bullets entered her head, but the {
wounds are not fatal. Then Johnson I
turned the revolver on himself and fired j
a bullet into his head, dying at the Re- i
reiving Hospital an hour later.
SAX JOSE. July 15.— Jealousy and mad
infatuation turned what might have been
the sre-e of wedding cheer and tinkling
weeding bells Into a chamber of tragedy
at the home of Mrs. John Xavaret. 146
North River street, this afternoon. The
principals Charles J. Johnson, a
lineman employed at the electrical works
in Redwood City, and Louisa Navaret, a
rather pretty French girl of 19 years. It
was the old story of a love-crazed man
and a postponing maid.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Home of a Sari Jose Girl the
Scene of an Awful
Tragedy.
Seriously Wounds His
Sweetheart and Kills \
m\ ill. -1 ,1 -|.,I *-,„- \_S 1 1 »
JEALOUS SWAIN
USES REVOLVER
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 16, 19O1.
NAPA GIVES CORDIAL WELCOME
TO LEAGUE OF CROSS CADETS
J ¦ • — — — — 7 - : . • .-:••.¦¦
Mayor Fuller Speaks Words. of Greeting at the Official Reception
to the First Regiment and Invites Camp Power's . Garrison
to Put to Its Full Test the Hospitality of the Beautiful City
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Office 1OO4 Market Strea:
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av«,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Of many laundries* claims for work-
quality.
Take them with a grain of salt and de-
pend upon the U. S. holding it3 reputa-
tion for excellence of cleansing and fin-
ish, care in handling- goods and prompt
and 'satisfactory service.
"No saw edges."
THERE'S A NIGGER IN
THE WOODPILE
x-T-v. STRICTLY RELIABLE.
I^ffl M E N
iy&i. only:
W^m? R Y FA - R thb
fj \*<J»R\ *"* ereater number of
f vK V//4X. patients seeking relief
/*^£*vhZ£i\ *S Ior so-called weakness
T^r?// \£ i ar " «trong. robust men la
I «W // ev «T other respect. Our
\ ft 1 1 If theory that Loss of Vltal-
\J» jj JJ Ity Prematureness, etc.,
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of in-
flammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation. Is now
being adopted by the leading specialists of tho
world. Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing the enlarged and.
swollen Prostate, immediate results, as Indi-
cated by increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colored chart of
the organs, which we send free on application.
Is interesting to any ona wishing to study th*
anatomy of the male.
OR, TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
p- i in i - _— mi — r ¦¦ '
II <S5i _ (^ ¦
— |i . =il [i 1| -
WfiM/A GOOD judge must have both experience
Illll and learning:. A housekeeper should
gJilSa be a good judge for she too must have
experience and learning or she may think that
the soaps made to look like Ivory Soap are just
as good. With experience she will know
that they lack the remarkable qualities of the
genuine. Ivory Soap — 99 4 >ioo per cent. pure.
COPyRIOHT 111* BY THE NtOCTtR * «AM*LC CO. CINCINNATI
IFexquisite soups II
Rgzy can ue made from ordinary "stock"
fflar by the addition of a little aSm
W COMPANY'S EXTRACT of Beef
•^¦^^^^PS', 60 degrees.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS
Foreign Futures.
New York Metal Market.
, NEW YORK, July 15.— The local tin market
refused to follow the advance of £2'ln the spot
NKW YORK, July 15.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, July 18, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows;
Wheat— 27,978,000 bushels; decrease, 1,710,000
bushels. • .
Corn— 14,067,000 bushels) decrease*, . 305,000
bushels.
Oats— 7,421,000 bushels; decrease, 1,777,000
bushels.
Rye— £35,000 bushels: increase, 28,000 bushels.
- Barley— 3»1, COO bushels; decrease, 4000 bushels.
Visible Grain. Supply.
-'.';; LIVERPOOL.. '
Wheat— *.;>£ :..-¦ B«P- .Dec.
Opening •• 5 6% 5 7%
Closing 5 6«J 6 7%
Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ¦•• ••• Holiday.
dosing • Holiday.
Flour-
Opening ...'.- j. Holiday. '
Closing Holiday.
NEW YORK. July 15.— To-day's stock mar
ket was a striking Illustration of a favorite
Wall street aphorism that the expected never
happens. The general expectation in Wall
etreet this morning was of a day of continued
liquidation and violent declines In prices. As
a matter of fact, the first smashing blow dealt
to the market by the accumulation of. selling
orders over Sunday, which were executed al
most simultaneously when the president's gavel
fell, made the low prices of the day. There
was a gradual but continued recuperation dur
ing the whole of the remainder of the day, ex
cept for some fresh recessions at the close,
•when the room traders were taking their prof
it* on the day's rally. A scrutiny of the day's
net changes reveals some considerable net
losses, but also several eharp net gains, while
the sharpest losses at the opening were re
duced to -unimportant proportions or entirely
wiped out. The natural inference from tbeso
event* Is that a considerable portion of the
celling was necessitated by the unfavorable
development of the labor situation in the steel
trade, while reassuring opinions were being
doled out to the public of the extreme improb
ability of the dispute reaching the open issue
of a strike. But the unir.lUa.ted outsiders with
United States Steel holdings undisposed made
a notable demonstration this morning In their
urgent attempt- to unload, only to find that
the Insiders were prepared to support the mar
ket and accept their offerings. A considerable
part of the liquidation In the Eteel stocks came
from London, where, in fact, declines below
Saturday's New York parity of 4% for United
States Bteel common and 6 for United States
Steel preferred had been recorded before tho
opening here. The New York prices did not get
as low as those for London, but the extreme
opening decline for the common was 4% on run
ning sales of 20,000 shares and of the preferred
6 points. Speculative Wall street showed ex
treme alarm over, the violent slump in the steel
stocks and eaw visions of catastrophe. It soon
became evident, however, that whatever prepa
rations had been necessary to enable the friends
of the United States 6teel stocks to withstand
the pressure upon them was made last week
The relief afforded by last week's liquidation
Tvas aa Important factor in to-day's resiliency
of all Btoeks. The large portion of the cash
received from the Interior last week by the
basks is reported to have been for the purpose
of restoring Impaired margins on stocks. In
this connection It Is worthy of note that the
Chicago premium on New York Exchange fell
from 25 cents last week to 5 cents to-day The
rally in the market was very feverish and er
ratic until the opening prices In the corn mar
ket disclosed new weakness of that cereal on
the prospects of rain in the corn belt. Tho
continued weakness of corn was an influential
factor in the restrained recovery of stocks The
opening declines In the leading grangers' and
Pacifio Southwestern* reached from 3 to 6
points. Union Pacific leading. Elsewhere in
tfc* list the losses ran variously from 1 to 4
jwiints. The recovery in the United States Steel
wa« not so sustained as elsewhere, the com.
i<->un closing ZM> lower than on Saturday and
th« preferred T%.
The railroad bond market was not so acutely
affected as stocks and showed come gains In
the last trading. Total sales, par value,
12,450.000. The United States new 4s, old 4s
extd Cs declined % per cent on the last call.
i NEW YORK STOCK VIST.
jsharet Closing
fiold. Stocks— Bid.
€.800 Atchison -> 71%'
* t-W _jfetc-i.fl_ -cref q ..,..,,„.>...., u __
New York Stock Market.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No.' 2—
July 67 67 65% 65%
September 68% 68% 66% 66%
December 70% 70% 68% 68H
Corn No; 2— 1 ¦
July 49 49 47% 47%
September 52 52 49 Vi 43%
December '51*4 61% 49% 49%
Oats No. 2—
July 80% 30% 29% • 29%
September 32 32 30% 80%
May 35% 35% 34% 34%
Mess Pork, per bbl— .
September 14 05 14 20 14 05 14 17%
January 14 05 14 25 14.05 14 25
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 8 55 8 62% 8 55 S 60
January 8 27% 8 32% 8 27% 8 32%
October 8 60 8 62% 8 67% 8 60
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 95 8 00 '7 95 7 S5
October ..; 8 00 8 00 7 95 7 95
January •. 7 60 7 52% 7 47% . 7 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 red, 67@67%c; No. 2 corn, 47y g c;
No. 2 yellow, 47%@48>4c; No. 2 oats, 32%c; No.
3 white. 33%@35c; No. 2 rye, 52@54c: No. 1 flax
seed, $1 88; prime timothy seed, $4 70; mesa
pork, per bbl, $14 10@14 15; lard, per 100 lbs,
$8 C5@8 67%; short-rib sides (loose). $7 85@7 87%;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $7 50f'7 75; short
clear sides (boxed),- $8 40® 8 50; whisky, basis
of . high wines, $1 27 ; clover, contract grade,
$7 90. ¦
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 1S.000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 1C9.000 331,000
Corn, bushels 3C3.000 25,000
Oats, bushels 152,000 14G.C00
Rye, bushels 14,000 10,000
Barley, bushels 5.000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@19c; dairies.
13@16c; cheese, steady, OQilOc; eggs, steady,
10%c. .
FLOUR— California Family extras. $3 25®
8 60. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, . $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 I0©2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 73
@3. :-. • ' . ' t '¦ •" • ¦ ¦¦' ',¦ ¦-.'. ' ,¦ ¦ ¦'.-'¦'
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are aa fol
lows. . usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per. 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75®4; Buckwheat * Flour, 84@4 25; • Cracked
Flour and' Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15" o'clock— No. sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
- Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 69%c;
2000, 69%c; 24,000. 69%c.
OATS— The market at Chicago was unsettled,
but the feeling was weak and the price de
clined from 32c to 30%c. This market was dull
and unchanged. White. $1 S5@l 45; Surprise,
$1 60@l 66; Red, 97%c@$l 12% Black, $1 10@l 20
CORN — Conditions remained unchanged In the
great Corn belt. The West sold heavily, and
Nebraska was an especially heavy seller of
both Corn and Oats. Some rain in South Da
kota was reported. Elsewhere It continues dry
and very hot. Chicago, which closed on Sat
urday at EOVle, opened at. 51%o and declined to
49**?C ' ~ ~**
The San Francisco market was quiet and un
changed. -.. : . *.. ¦ .- ¦
Small round Yellow. $1 50; Eastern Yellow,
$1 42%: White. $1 47%; Mixed. $1 40 per ctl.
¦ RYE— 72%@77%o per ctl. /
' BUCKWHEAT— No more in first hands.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, $1 C0%; 16,000, $1 00%.
Second Session— No eales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 14,000
ctls. $lCOJi; 2000, $100%.
Afternoon , Session— December— 38,000 ctls.
$1.00M<; 2000, 99Ttc; '46,000, $1.
BARLEY— Limited spot supplies keep the
market firm. Feed, 78%c for choice bright, 71%
@72%c for No. 1 and 67%@«8%o for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@82%c; Cheva
lier, nominal. - ;
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago reported a purely weather market,
which was extremely unsettled. Clouds and
traces of rain at different points in the South
west and Northwest indicated a possible
change in the weather, but the weather bureau
could see no probable change except possible
showers in the Missouri Valley. It was slight
ly cooler In the Northwest. Some advices from
South Dakota reported a damage of 25 per cent
there from dry weather. Signs of rain at Chi
cago made that market bearish. The American
visible supply decreased 1,710,000 bushels, bul
primary receipts last week exceeded those oj
last year 1,900,000 bushels, and there was an
apparent increased distribution of 2,800,000
bushels. • ¦ '
This market was dull and weak, with a slight
decline on call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9614c; milling:, 98%c@
$1 01% per ctl.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were quiet,
steady and generally unchanged.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling exchange. ; sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables ...'. — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce : — 68%
Mexican dollars, nominal 49% @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
SPECIAL DAILT FRUIT SERVICE.
CHICAGO, July 15.— An active demand for
wheat at the opening was caused by bullish
statistics and a sharp advance at Minneapolis,
presumably reflecting unfavorable climatic
conditions. The starting 1 price, 68@68%c for
September, proved the best of the day, how
ever, for Minneapolis lost its final advance.
Showers were predicted and a concerted ef
fort to minimize any damage was made by
various Interests. Under liquidation Septem
ber gradually worked off to 6G%c, reaching this
point near the end of tho session and -.closing
rather heavy, %c lower at 66%@66%c
Corn was purchased freely at the start, Sep
tember opening from 51c to 62c. This was due
to belief in the direful effects of the hot spell
and the strength was straightway dissipated
by reports of moderating temperatures, scat
ered showers and promising clouds over parts
of the corn belt. September, under active sell
ing, declined to 49>,ic and closed weak, 74c
lower, at 49%c *
There was a heavy trade in oats, and while
that market exhibited evidences of (sympathy
with corn, prices held better than in the corn
pit, owing to a good country demand. Sep
tember closed steady, %c lower, at 30%@30%c.
Provisions opened weak on the break in steel
stocks, and because of a heavy run of Jiogs. The
market thereafter ruled dull, but steady, as
there was little selling pressure. September
pork closed 25c, lard 10c and ribs 10<ai2%c
lower. v
The leading futures ranged as follwos :
Chicago Grain Market.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.l05%106% Oceanic SS 5s.l01% —
Cal-st Ss 116% — Omnibus S 6s.l27 —
C C Water 5s.lO7% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
EdL&P 6s.l28V.133% Pk & C H 6s.. 108 —
Fer & C R 6s.ll7% — Pk&OR 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st Es — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6}i — Sac E G K 3s. — —
Do 5a — 102% S F & SJV Ss.lWi —
Los Ang R Ss.llo — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L, A Lleht 6s. — 103 S P of A 6a
Do Kntd 6s. 100 — (1909) 111U —
Do ETltd 53.103 — (1910) 112 —
L A & Pac 5s.lCO%102% S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s.lO2*i — (1505). Ser A.108U —
Markt-st C 6s. 125% — (1905). Ser B.109 —
Do 1 c m 5s.l23 — (1906) 111% —
Nev C N G 7S.105 114 (1912) 119 122
Nor R Cal 6s. 112 — S Pof Cal 1st
Do as 119 — cp gntd fl 53.107 —
Nor Pac C €s.100% — S P Br Cal 6s. 136 —
Do 5s 105%107 S V "Water 6s.ll3?ill4%
Nor R Cal 6s. 110 113 Do 4s — 103%
Oak Gas 5S...112U — Do 4s 3d m..l01 102
Do Trans 6s.U6*ill7Vi Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water Ss.102 103 J
. • /* WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 79% 80 i Spring Valley. 85% 87
Marin County. 30—1
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3Va — , Pacific Light.. 47 . —
Equitable *Vi 4% Sacramento ... —
Mutual ........ 4% 6 S F G & E.... 44 44%
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4U 4U
Pac Gas Imp. 43 41 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 250 I
BANKS. j.
Anglo-Cal .... 77%— L & P A 130 160
California 403^410 Mer Ex (liq).. 16 _
Cal Safe Dep..l07% — S F National. 127V4 —
First Natlonl..303 —
SAVINGS BANKS. \ .
German — 1925 Sav & Loan.!.. — —
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual ..'. SO — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.515 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 O S L &~H.... 40 —
Geary • — 40 Presidio 21
Market 72% 73% ¦
/ POWDER.
Giant 73 77 IVigortt ...;.... S s?&
SUGAR.
Hana 6 — Kllauea 17 17%
Hawaiian 50 — Makawell 33 36
•Honokaa 18% 1811 Onomea 21% 23
Hutchlnson ... 17% 18 Paauhau 23 24U
i 1 MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 131 132V» Oceanic S Co.. — 53
Cal Fruit Can. 93 97% Pac Aux FA. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 93%101 Pao C Borax. .165 —
Merchnts* Ex. .110 — Par Paint .... 16 —
Mornlnr Session.
Board —
33 Market Street Railway 73 CO
150 Mutual Electric Light 5 00
5 Paauhau S P Co 23 00
10 Pac Gaa Imp 43 23
25 Presidio R R 32 00
25 S F Ga3 & Electric Co 44 25
Street — !1 ,' .
?15,CC0 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 105 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — * -
IS Contra Costa Water, cash 79 50
10 Contra Costa Water 79 75
20 Equitable Gas 4 50
* 150 Honokaa Sugar Co 19 00
25 Honokaa Sugar Co jg gjir
2C0 Honokaa Sugar Co..... ig 75
25 Pac Gas Imp 43 50
-¦ 10 S F Gas & Electric Co........ 44 50
40 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 44 73
120 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 00
. 25 S F Gas & Electric Co ..44 50
$11,000 S V 6s J14 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Sesccslon.
133 California Standard ....-, ., 55
: 200 Home Oil 2 15
200 Home Oil 2 12U
2300 Home Oil . ...J 2 10
6D Occidental of W Va 43
• 5 Peerless .. — 490
100 Sterling, b 90 1 35
100 Sterling .,.,' 1 30
;¦ ¦ . . ¦¦ -
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup..H2%113% 4s qr c (new).13S%139%
4s quar reg 112V~113% 3s quar coup..lOS%109%
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MONDAY, July 15—2 p. m.
Business was dull on" the morning- session of
the Bond Exchange. Gas & Electric was high
er at $44}i and Market-street R. R. lower at
$73. The oil stocks were quiet and featureless.
In the afternoon Gas & Electric sold up to
$44%.
The Makawell Sugar Company has declared
its twenty-fifth dividend of 40c per share, pay
able on the 25th.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Oakland Gas. 25c; Oakland, San Leandro and
Hay wards .R. R.. 20c; Presidio R. R., 15c;
Kilauea Sugar, 25c; California Safe Deposit,
$150; Bank of California, $4; Nevada National
Bank, $3 50 per share for the half year; Wells,
Fargo & Co., $3 per share for the half year.
The sale day of the "Wellington Oil assess
ment has been postponed to August 5.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
£an Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
with fog in the morning; fresh westerly wind.
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
cloudy alor.g the coast and in northern portion;
fresh, south winds.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; light wes
terly — rtoda.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday; fresh southwest
winds. .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 16:
There has been a slight rise In pressure along
the coast of California. A well marked de
pression extends from the Valley of the Colo
rado northward through Utah and Nevada into
Idaho. Conditions are favorable for light
showers over the northern half of the Pacific
Coast.
The temperature continues slightly below the
normal in the great valleys of California.
Fog prevails along the coast.
Light showers are reported at Portland, As
toria, Neah Bay, and also at El Paso.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature 7 a.
California p drled fruits were steady. Prunes,
"^©^Ac per pound, as to size and quality.'
Apricots— Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark, 7%@12c.
Peaches— Peeled, ll@12c; unpeeled, 6@10c. ¦
NEW YORK, July 15.— A fair to good demand
for dried fruits was noted early in the day
and local trade was moderate. Evaporated ap
ples were steady. State, common to good, 3%
@5c: prime, -5%@5%c: choice, 6@6V4c; fancy,
6%@7c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS— Receipts, 11,700 packages. Strong;
¦Western candled, 13@15c; do uncandled, 9@12c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 11,897 packages. Steady;
State dairy, 14@14%c; creamery, 15@lSc; fac
tory, 15%c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16c; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c; refined, steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull: No. 7 invoice,
C 13-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8V4@12%c. Coffee
futures closed dull and unchanged. Total sales,
1500 bags. September, 6.05c; December, 5.20®
5.25c.
WOOL— Dull
HOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice, 1900
crop, 14@lSc; 1899 crop, 10@13c; Pacific Coast,
1900 crop, 15@18c; 1893 crop, ll@15c.
HIDES-Quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 281,200 bushels; exports,
415,780 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 76e f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 73o elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 74%e f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, E3c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
strong on cables and small world's' shipments,
but broke later owing to cooler weather in the
Northwest, the decline In corn, lower outside
markets and free realizing, closed weak at %o
net loss. July, 72%@74c, closed 72%c;- Septem
ber, 72@72 13-16c, closed 72c; October closed
72%c; December, 72 13-16@75%c, closed 74c.
NEW TOEK, July 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29,299 barrels; exports. 24,645 barrels. Quieter
and barely steady. *
THE COAST RECORD
(12Ctli Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 15— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka. C6; Mount Tamalpais, 61; Independ
ence, 62; Red Bluff. 90; Fresno, 92; Los An
»reles, £2: Sacramento, 82; San Luis Obispo,
12: San Diego, 68.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum. 47; mean, £4.
Weather Report.
NEW YORK. July 15.— Money on call, steady,
at 3® 5 per cent; last loan, 8% per cent; ruling
rate, 4 per cent. Prime ¦ mercantile paper, 40)
4% per cent. Steriing'erchanga is steady, with
actual business In bankers' bills, $4 87<4@4 d'ti
for demand and $4 84%S4 84% tor sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 85% and $4 SS. Commercial bills,
S*83%@4 84j4. Bar eUver. 68!4c M«xioa- flol-
New York Money Market.
5,600 Baltimore & Ohio 94
700 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91
S.300 Canadian Pacific 99^1
200 Canada Southern 65%
6,600 Chesapeake & Ohio../ 42y_
2.SO0 Chicago & Alton 36%
600 Chicago & Alton prefd 75%
400 Chicago Burlington &«Qulncy, tr...l94
1,900 Chicago Ind & Louisville 32^4
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 65
Chicago &. Eastern Illinois 122
3.L-00 Chicago & Great Western 21%
100 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. Slti I
100 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 45
COO Chicago & Northwestern 192
3,800 Chicagts Rock Island & Pacific 140
1,200 Chicago Terminal & Trans 19
1.400 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd... 37
1,300 C C C & St Louis 8SV>
3,200 Colorado Southern 12%
203 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48
400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20%
2,200 Delaware & Hudson 155
3,000 Delaware Lack & Western 218
200 Denver & Rio Grande 40%
1,900 Denver & Rio Grande prefd.. 88
31.700.£rie 46%
5,900 Erie 1st prefd 65%
700 Erie 2d prefd 51
200 Great Northern prefd 174
100 Hocking Valley 48
200 Hocking Valley prefd 73
2,700 Illinois Central 147%
1,200 Iowa Central 3414
1,600 Iowa Central prefd 73
100 Lake Erie & Western 65
Lake Erie & Western prefd 118
1L000 Louisville & Nashville ic'%
11,200 Manhattan L 116%
4,600 Metropolitan Street Railway 167
6,100 Mexican Central 2'H
2,200 Mexican National ........'. 9'
500 Minneapolis & St Louis 106
14,700 Missouri Pacific 102%
1,500 Missouri Kansas & Texas ... '5
2,200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 62%
400 New Jersey Central 155
9,400 New York Central 150%
4,100 Norfolk & Western i wl
Norfolk & Western prefd./. 88"
200 Northern Pacific prefd 9514
15,100 Ontario & Western 30%
40,900 Pennsylvania 14'il
13,100 Reading " 3 7i?
6,100 Reading 1st prefd " " 74U
6.900 Reading 2d prefd 4sii
2.200 St Louis & San Francisco " " 41?k
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 75
1,600 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67%
200 St Louis Southwestern 28
SCO Kt Louis Southwestern prefd 68%
40,100 St Paul „
St Paul prefd lsiil
41.400 Southern Pacific " sovi
22,500 Southern Railway 2S%
400 Southern Railway prefd ' S3'
1.200 Texas & Pacific 37%
1.100 Toledo. St Louis & Western '.I! 20
iin£S T- 01 .** 10 *? 1 Louis & Western prefd... 3176
110,900 Union Pacific nu
1.600 Union Pacific prefd "*" grit,
2,600 Wabash „ 1*7?
8,300 Wabash prefd ..'.'..". 35%
1,400 Wheeling & Lake Erie I7il
",-"AA jy he e«ng & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 25
I,o00 Wisconsin Central i9«
300 Wisconsin Central prefd 39%
PCC&StL T. 77%
Express Companies..
....... Adams ..................*.............. 165
- American "isg
100 United States 85
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous..
24,900 Amalgamated Copper m
4,600 American Car & Foundry 27 7 i
2,200 American Car & Foundry prefd S°u,
American Linseed Oil 24'"
300 American Linseed Oil prefd 60
3,600 American Smelting & Refining 534
1,200 Am. Smelting & Refining prefd 102
900 American Tobacco, tr ! 129
2,700 Anaconda Mining Co 43%
18,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 75
2,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 9314
3,200 Consolidated Gas "212il
400 Continental Tobacco, tr 64V>
Continental Tobacco 'prefd 115"
S00 General Electric 245 I
200 Glucose Sugar K4
400 Hocking Coal '.'.'.'. 1$
300 International Paper 20}A
400 International Paper prefd 76 "
1,400 International Power 91
100 Laclede Gas 95
100 National Biscuit 4l\
600 National Lead 19
200 National Salt 43
100 National Salt prefd 76
3,000 .North American 93
Pacific Coast, ex-div 64
200 Pacific Mail 3714
700 People's Gas ./ 11384
2D9 Pressed Steel Car ,<! 40
Pressed Steel Car prefd 81
200 Pullman Palace Car 206Mi
2,600 Republic Steel nrZ
1.200 Republic Steel prefd 72
18.100 Sugar ...". 135^'
3,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 571/i
S00 Union Bag & Paper Co ,14%
Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 70
2,900 United States Leather 12%
United States Leather prefd 76^4
1,200 United States Rubber 19V
400 United States Rubber prefd 68
166,900 United States Steel ..! 3S'4
130,700 United States Steel prefd 88%
8.100 Western Union 89
910.600 Shares sold.
• CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, N T Cent lsts 104%
reg 107>i N J Cent gen 6s. ..130
do coup 107Vi North Pac 3s 72>,i
do 3s reg 108 do 4s .103
do coup 108% N T C & St L 4s. .107%
do new 4s 138% Norf & W con 4s. .103
«o coup 138V4. Or Nav lsts 107
do old 4s reg 112% do 4s 102%
do coup 112% Or S Line 6s 128%
do Bs reg 108% do con Es 116%
do coup ...108% Reading gen 4s ... 95
Dlst of Col 8.66s. ..126 R G W lsts. 101%
Atchison gen 4s.... 103?* St L & I M con Es.116%
do adj 4s 97 St L & S F gen 6s. 133%
Can South 2ds 109%;St Paul cons 173
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l07%iSt P C & Pac lsts.120
eo 5s 119Tr| <1o 5s 116%
C & N W con 7s.. 137% South Pac 4s 90%
do S F deb 5s. ...122% South Railway 5s. .117%
Chi Term 4s 92% S Rope & T 6s.... 65%
Colo South 4s 88% Tex & Pac lsts 118%
D & R G 4e 101% do 2ds 103
Erie gen 4s 86% Union Pac 4s 104%
Ft W & D C lEts..lO2 Wabash lsts 118V.
Gen Elec 5s 200 do 2ds 113%
Iowa Cent lsts.... 118 West Shore 4s ....112%
L & Nash uni 4s. .100% Wis Cent lsts .... S6
M K & T 2ds 83% Va Centuries 96
do 4s 97»4
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15 Little Chief 12
Alice 43 Ontario 9 00
Breece 1 25 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con ... 12 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel.. 05% Potosl „. 03
Con Cal & Va 1 90 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada .... 15
Horn Silver 135 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver 68 Standard 3 25
Leadville Con i 05 I
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 95
Call loans 2®3% Westlngh Eleo ... 65
Time loans ....3%S4'i Bonds
stocks— — • Atchison 4s ..102
Atchison 71% N E G & Coke Es. 65%
do prefd £3% Mining shares-
Am Sugar 136% Adventure 24%
do prefd 120 Bingham Mln Co.. 21%
Am Telephone ....154 Amalg Copper 111%
Boston & Albany.. 255 Atlantic 36
Boston Elevated.. .184% Calumet & Hecla..7S0
C B & Q 143% Centennial 27%
Dom Coal 38 Franklin 17
do prefd 115 Humboldt 25
U S Steel 2894 Oeceola 89
do prefd 87 Parrot ..62
Fltchburgr prefd ..2(4 Qulncy 172
N E G — ; Coke.... 6% Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Old Colony ...209 Tamarack 340
Old Dominion .... 29% Utah Mining 29%
Rubber 19'A Wtnona 2%
Union Pacific 83% Wolverines 68%
Alameda County.
Alexander P. Gordan to William J. Davison.
lot 41, block 670, Map Glascock Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Alice Demorest (wlJow) to Katherlne E.
Rich (single), lot on N corner of Peralta and
Harlan streets, N 60, E 6-1.83, SW 87.45 to be
ginning, being a portion of lot 1. Map Watts
Tract, subject to a mortgage for $200, Oak
land; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Andrew
Mackie. lot on W line of Spruce street. +M)
S of Durant. S 40 by W 134.7, being a portion
of block 10, Map of Property of Berkeley Villa
Association. Berkeley: $130.
Bernard R. and Annie W. Maybeck to George
M. Robertson, lot on E line of Hawthorne ter
race, S lot 10. block 2. Wheeler Tract, E 132. «.
N 7 W 132.65, S to beginning, being a portion
of lot 10. block 3, Wheeler Tract, Berkeley;
Charles and Bertha Cellartus (by Charles
Cellarlus. attorney) to Edna S. Poulson. S 135
feet of W half of lot 21. bloc- D. map of por
tion of Berkeley -property between University
of California and State Deaf and Dumb and
Blind Asylum. Berkeley; $10. ,-v; «
Cornelius Crowley (widower) to> Antonio
Navone (slngU). all Interest In lot 10. block
K Map Bay View Homestead. Oakland; J10.
Claus Tackle (single). to Calvin R. Shaw, all
interest In lot on NE corner of East Twenty
first street and Eleventh avenue. NE 150 by
SB 100, being a portion of block 130. Oakland;
$10. • •*. '
Charles W. and Emma H. Bollea to William.
T. Harris, lot 19, block 626, Map Casserly Tract
at Point. Oakland; $.10.
Edward F. Rogsera (by John Russ, commis
sioner) to Frederika Laumeister. lot 13. block
12 map of portion of plat 6. Kellersberger'a
Survey V. and D. Peralta Rancho Property.
Oakland Township; $143.
Harris D.'and Carrie M. Irvrln to Lydla Ann
Steele (wife of D. L.). lot 1. block P. redlv!
slon map of portion of Brumagim Tract west of
Shattuck avenue. Berkeley; $10.
Charles E. and Georgette L. Godon to Eliza
H. Scotchler (widow), S 50 feet of lot 95, Map
Regent-street Homestead Association, etc.,
Berkeley; $10. . ,_ '
Builders^ Contracts.
Minnie P. Shotwell (owner) with Ralston Iron
Works, corporation (contractors), architect Na
thaniel Blaisdell— Castiron and constructional
steel vrork. fire escapes and stand pipe. etc. for
a six-story and basement brick building, on SW
line of Fourth street. 309:1% SE of Mission. SB
34:4% by SW 137:6: $2800.
Same owner with F. W. Kern (contractor),
architect same— Work included in general con
tract except plumbins. gas fitting, sewerln?,
trimming, hardware, electrical work, painting
and tinting for same on same; $16,179.
William Matthews (owner) with. W. B. Ander
son (contractor), architect Jacob Lenzen All
work for a two-story frame bulldinj, on SE
corner of Grove and Cole streets, 127:5 on Cola
by 100 oa Grove; J5253. — -' — -
Alexander and Angrustlne Fe— ran to Benoit
Plegot, lot on W line of Polk afreet, 77:6$i S
«f Washington, S 50:1^ by W 103; $10.
Dora Metzler to E&ilio Wallach. lot on E
line of Clayton street, 87:6 S of Page, S 23 by
E 112:6; $10.
Jeremiah and Mary Crowley to Rebecca J.
Liggett (wife of William. M.). lot on N Una of
Thirteenth street, 53 E ,of Stevenson, E 25, N
108. W 4:6, S 23, W 20:6, S 83; $2230.
Alexander B.. John G.'. William J., Frederick
A. and Raymond R. Mecredy to Marguerite H.
Osborn (wife of A. A.), lot on "W line of ChureU
street, 40 S of Dorland. W 43:5. S 33:5, E 43 :S.
N 32; all interest in estate of Thomas A. lle
credy; $L
Margaret Dunn to Henrietta B. Dunn, lot on
W line i>f Hampshire street, 208 S of Twenty
third, S 26 by W ICO; J10.
Emily M. J. and Henry C. Hesslon to Mar
garet Mullane, lot on S line of Twenty-ninth
street, 175 E of Dolores, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Security Loan Association to Hans H. Chris
tianson, lot on E line of Sanchez street. 215 S
or Twenty-third. S 20 by E 92:6; *UOO.
R. J. Graf to Timothy Clancey, lot on S
line ot Vallejo street. 137:6 E of Taylor, E 20,
S 63%, W 20. N 67:3%; $10.
Timothy Clancey to Sarah Clancey, same; $10.
Benjamin Burton by M. F. Vandall (commis
sioner) to German Savings and Loan Society,
lot on W line of Hyde street. 60 N of Filbert,
N 77:6 by W 137:6: $7463.
H. Marx to John Bayle, lot on NW line of
Folsom street, 323 SW of Fifth, SW 23 by
NW 85; $10.
W A. M. and Anna B. Breck to John H.
Brunings. lot on W line of Seventh avenuo.
100 N of Lake street. N 25 by W 114; tW.
Richard Valentine to Marion Valentine
(Dyce) lot on N"\V line of R street and Thirty^
third avenue. N 100 by W 82:6; gift.
Marion Valentine or Dyce or Agnea Booth to
Solomon Retss. lot on NW line of R street an'l
Thirty-third avenue, N 100 by W 82:6; J10.
Merrltt Maddocks to C. Cashman. lot on S
line of W street, 37:6 W of Thirty-eighth av
enue, W 23 by S 100; $10.
David Donald to William Murray. lot 42
block 38, City Land Association; *20O.
R. J Graf to M. A. Clancey. lot 1470, Gift
Map 3; $10.
M A. Clancey to Sarah Clancey, lot 1470, Gift
Map 3; $10.
Jeremiah Sullivan to I. N. Rosekrans. all
interest in the estate of Catherine SuUivan
(deceased). No. 242S6; also lot on S line of Har
riet street. 225 NW of Folsom. NW 23 by SW
75: also lot 173 Spring Valley Homestead; $200.
John P. H. Wentworth to Henry Goodman,
NE corner Precita Valley - lot, 82 SW, 9) P.
175 SE. 215 E. 66 N to lot 79. NW to lot 8i
NE to beginning ot Precita Valleys lots 81 and
82: $10.
Estate of David L. Farnsworth by Fannie P.
Farnsworth (executrix) to Lillian Bishop, lot
•a S line of Sunset street. 60.30 E Byfleld Tract.
*i 103 94. E 23.79. N 114.62, W 30.13. block H. Sun
set Heights; $250.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock.
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha Con 01 U0O Mexican IS
60O Alpha. Con 02 700 Ophir ........... 67
500 Best & Belcher 13 150 Ophir .„ 64
300 Chollar 06 200 Sierra Nevada. 17
• 400 Con Cal & Va..l 90;10CO Union Con 14
1000 Con Cal & Va..l 85|10C0 Yellow Jacket.. 07
500 Gould & Curry. 12J
Afternoon Session.
SCO Best & Belcher 19 200 Overman ....._, 18
200 Challenge Con.. 22 600 Sierra Nevada. 17
SCO Con Cal & Va..l 85 100 Standard 3 70
50O - Gould & Curry. 12 500 Yellow Jacket.. 07
200 Ophir 65
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. July 13—1 p. m.
Bid-Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha .......... 01 C3 Justice ......... 01 02
Alta, 04 06 Kentuck 01' 03
Andes C2 03 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher / 07 C8 Mexican 14 13
Best & Belcher 17 IS Occidental 03 04
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 65 66
Caledonia 36 3D Overman ...... 15 18
Challenge Con.. 21 22jPotosi 05 03
Chollar G6 07| Savage C6 07
Confidence 83 S-V Scorpion — 04
Cten Cal & Va..l 80 1 83;Seg Belcher.... — 02
Con Imperial... — C2 Sierra Nevada.. 16 17
Con New York. Cl 02 1 Silver Hill _. 27 23
Crown Point... 07 CS'St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.... 06 — IStandard 3 60 3 70
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry. 12 13 Union Con...... 13 11
Hale & Xorcrs. 13 20 Utah '. 01 0?
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 05 OS
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
• Morning Session.
10O Andes Oil 200 Overman ....... 18
400 Con Cal & Va..l 90J
Afternoon Session.
10O Best & Belcher 17 400 Justic© ..., „ 01
200 Challenge 22 8C0 Mexican .- U
230 Con Cal & Va..l 83 100 Ophir - 68
300 Hale & Norcrs. 20 200 Savage- ......... 07
MINING STOCKS
BAN FRANCISCO Oil. EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board—
300 Four Oil Co.... .....,.« 37
100 West Shore ...._,... 2 50
Afternoon Session.
- Board —
MOO Four Oil Co 35
400 Junction 10
5000 Lion .*.. ................. 10
1800 Lion , 11
250 San Joaquin O & D Co................ g 25
200 West Shore , 2 25
PORTLAND, July 15.-Clearlngs, $363,752; bal
ances, $46,005.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 15.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
55@56c.
¦WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 15.— Wheat— Quiet. Bluestem,
67c; club, E6c.
LONDON, July 15.— Consols. 91V4: silver, 26%;
French rentes, lOOf 60c@100f 57%c; cargoes
en passage, quiet for white, easy for red; No.
1 Standard California, 29s 3d; Walla Walla,
2Ss; English country markets, quiet; wheat and
flour on passage to United Kingdom, 3,200,000;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent, 1,520,
000.
LIVERPOOL, July 15.— "Wheat, Quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 5s 9d@as lOd; wheat in
Paris, holiday; weather in England, fine.
Portland's Business.
Foreign Markets.
steady, net 1@7 points lower. .
NEW YORK, July 15.— Cotton, futures closed
New York Cotton Market.
was active, with German and Yorkshire repre
senting the chief operators. Americans secured
a few lots of superior crossbreds and coarse
crossbreds at full rates. The demands for
France showed an increase. Lambs sold slowly
at old rates.
LONDON, July 15.— The offerings at the ttooI
auction sales to-day numbered 15,028 bales.
There was a good demand and the competition
London Wool Sales.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. July 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3123; mostly 10c lower. Natives, $4@5 85; bulls
and stage. $2 2534 SO; Etockers and feeders,
$2 15@4 25; veals, $2@-5 50.
HOGS— Receipts, S800; mostly 7'i@10c lower.
Light and light mixed, $5 70®5 90; medium and
heavy, $1 75@6 10; pigs, $4®5; bulk of sales,
$5 SCO5 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2082; market steady to
strong for best, others weak. Top spring lambs,
$5 75; Utah lambs, $5 63.
bulk of sales, unevenly 10c to 25c lower. Good
to prime steers; $5 20®6 16; poor to medium,
$3 70@6; stockers and feeders. $23>4 23; cows,
$2 25@4 50; heifers, $2 40®4 90; cannere. $1 50
@2 40; bulls, $204 40; calves, $3 75@6 25; Texas
steers, $3 70@4 37&.
HOGS— Receipts, 38,000; to-morrow, 80,000;
left over, 4000; market 10@15o lower. Mixed
and butchers', $5 75©6 20; good to choice heavy,
$4 90Q>8 27%; rough heavy. $5 75Q* 90; bulk of
Bales, $5 90^6 10.
SHEEP-Receipts, 25,000; sheep, weak; lambs,.
25@40c lower. Good to choice wethers, $3@4 65;
fair to choice mixed, $3 40@4 15; Western sheep.
$8 75<S>4; yearlings, $4 25@4 80: native lambs,
$3 50@5 85; Western lambs, $3 75<3>5 40.
CHICAGO, July 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, 19,
000, including 675 Te'xans; fancy steers, steady;
Chicago Livestock.
CHICAGO, July 15.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit:
Peaches— Early Crawfords, $1 30@l 40 box; St.
Johns, 80c@$l 45. Pears— Bartlett. $2 35®2 63
box. Plums— Diamond, average, $1 75, single
crates; Kelsey Japans average, $1 56; Purple
Duanes, average. $1 65 Prunes— Tragedy, av
erage, $1 65, single crates. Eight cars fruit
sold.
NEW YORK, July 15.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: _
Peaches— Early Crawfords, $1 05® 1 30; Fos
ters. Jl 1O@1 35; Decker. $1 fe; St. John. 80c@
$1 20; Strawberry Cling, $1 16. Plums—^ick
son, $l-55@3 40; Burbanks, $1 35; Chalcot, $1 40;
Satsuma, $1 60@l 70; Abundance, $1 50; Bailey,
$1 55: Diamond. $2 20. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 95
<8>3 0». Figs— Black, $1 15. Pears— Eartlett. $2 65
<S3 15.
NEW YORK July 15.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Pears—Bart
letts, boxes, $2 E0@3, average $2 77; halves,
$1 30@l 70, average $1 44. Peaches— E. Craw
fords. boxea, $1 05@l 40, average $1 15; Fosters,
boxeB, $1 05@l 30, average $1 19; Bt, Johns,
boxes, $1 C5@l 25, average $1 1- Plums—Bur
banks, single crates, $1 50@l 90, average *1 6o,
Kelsey Ja-jana, single crates, $1 30@3 37. aver
age $2 C6; Satsuma, single crates, $1 4o<3>1 50,
average $1 48. Prunes— Tragedy, single crates,
$2 10@2 EO, average $2 16; Simonl, single crates,
$1 EO©1 56, a%'erage $1 61/ Nectarines— Single
cratea, average $2. Peaches— Hale s Early
boxes, $1 05@l 35, average $109; Imperials,
boxes, average $1 45. Twelve cars sold to-day.
Favorable weather. . . _ '
PHILADELPHIA. July 15.— The. Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day realized the following prices: Peaches-
Hale' s Early, boxes, 90c@»l 75, average $1 06;
Bt. Johns, boxes, $1@1 40, average $1 10. Plums
—Burbanks, single cratea, $1 40@l 65. average
tl 54; SatBuma, single crates. $1 35@1 40, aver
age $1 36; Ogons. single crates, $1 40@2, aver
age $1 45; Purple Duanes, single crates, $1 10®
1 75, average ?1 39. Prunes— Tragedy, single
crates, $1.60@2 SO, average $180. Pears—Bart
letts, boxes, $2 90®8, average $2 92. Four cars
sold to-day. Weather hot.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS,
Still another decline in Sugar.
Wheat futures a fraction or so lower.
Spot Barley firm under light stocks.
Oats and Corn show no further change.
Hay Tvcak under excessive receipts.
Beans as before quoted. y
Libei-al shipping orders for Potatoes being received.
Onions and Vegetables generally steady at previous prices.
Another advance in Eggs. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Fresh fruit steady under moderate receipts.
Dried fruits continue quiet and featureless.
Provisions rule very strong.
Hides believed to have reached the top in the East.
Hogs firm, in spite of very fair receipts.
Business quiet on the local stock exchanges.
California Fruit Sales.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury, exclusive of
the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the division of
redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $173,872,915; gold, $99,
849,304.
New York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July 15.— Anaconda, 8%; Atchison,
73%; Atchison preferred. 97&; Canadian Pa
cific, 101; Denver and Rio Grande, 40%; Denver
and Rio Grande preferred, 92; Northern Pa
cific preferred. 9S; Southern Pacific, 50; Union
Pacific, 93%. Bar silver, quiet, 25%d per
ounce. Money, l>/®2 per cent.
NEW YORK, July 15.— Tho Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets were disorganized all around and busi
ness was small, but all were sellers qf stocks.
Consols were again pressed for sale on account
of the weakness in Americans, touching 91 1-16,
the lowest since 1875, when 3 per cents were
quoted at 91%. In the afternoon there was a re
covery to 91%. Another depressing Influence
was the action of the Brighton Railway In
declaring a dividend of 2%. as against 3^4. This
is the first of the British railways to take such
a stand, and is regarded as a criterion of what
may follow with other companies.
The stock market was .very sick. American
shares were demoralized and spasmodic. They
opened flat and grew worse, until New York
opened equally disheartened. At the end there
was a rally of two points in the case of Union
Pacific, Atchison and other leaders. Ther* is
some difficulty In carrying, the general rata
being EH per cent, the home Issues paying IVt.
The chief Uature was United States Steel
Corporation, in which many traders were re
fused dettlement facilities. Others had to re
duce.the commitments by half. There is vagu»
talk of trouble. Steel common sold down to 36
and closed at 39&, the preferred touching 88%
and closing at 90%. The rally was due to a
message said to be from Mr. Morgan that a set
tlement of the strike was hoped for In forty
eicht hours.
: Money is scarce, the market being unable to
repay the half-million due to the bank and
borrowing a million besides.
London Market.
lars, 46«o. Government bonds, weak; State
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Though the local Hide market continues firm
The market rules firm, and some dealers say
that they aro, getting as high as 17c for sugar
cured Bacon in a small way. ¦;
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy.
12%c for light medium. 13'.4c for light. 14^c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
6Ugar-cured Hams, 13V£@14c; California Hams.
13c; Mess Beef, S12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50;
¦ Family,' $13 50; prime Me3s Pork,- $ia; extra
clear $23; Mess, $19; • Smoked Beef, 13>£<514o
per lb. /
LARD— Tierces quoted . at 7@7»-ic per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure;, half-barrels, pure.
10%c; 10-lb tins. lU4c; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One hal '-barrel, 9%c: . three
half-barrels. 9Vic: one tierce, 9V4c; two tierces,
Sc;.flve tierces. ¦ 8%c per lb.--
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
There is nothing new to report. The hot
weather In the East is cutting down the de
mand there. Besides, tho East is taking very
little stock in the shortness of our Apricot
crop, and is buying only to fill immediate
wants. N
FRUITS — Apricots, 8@9c for new; Evapo
rated Apples. 4@6c; sun dried, 1^4<!?2\ic:
new evaporated Apples, 5@6c; Peaches,
3%@4c for standard, 4^<a5%c for choice and
6@6y>c for fancy; New Peaches, 6c for July
and *5c for August delivery; Pears, 2@7c;
Plums, pitted, 3@4c: unpitted. %@lUc; Nec
tarines. 4®4^4c for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES — * sizes. 3c: 40-50s, 6%c; 50-60s. 4'4c:
60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs, 3%c; S0-90a, 2?ic; 90- 100s, 2Vic;
1C0-120S. 1%C. - ¦ , . .
'RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c , per lb: choice, lie:
standard. 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, lOVic per lb;
choice, 9V£c; standard, S?ic: prime, 8c; • un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6Vic; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown. 6>£c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown, &Mc. and
4-crown, a^c; seeded (Fresno prices). 5\ic: Lon
don' Layers, 2-crown. Jl 50 per box: S-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. U@lHic:
No. 2, 8@S^c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10Hc; No. 2.
6>*@7%c: Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell. 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts, 5@Gc for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll^c;
Filberts, 12@12^c;. Pecans,. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50fTE. /
HONEY— Comb/ 10@llc for bright and 9«9'4c
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@5V£c;
light amber extracted, 4@4%c;.dark, 3V4&
BEESWAX— 2a@2Sc per lb.
The market yesterday was unusually quiet
and featureless. Receipts were generally light
and prices showed little change. Grapes from
Yuma arrived in bad condition, and had to go
lower. Good large Apricots, for canning ac
count, were firm at full figures. Peaches and
Plums held their previous good prices and sold
off well. Plums are doing extra well this year.
Local dealers account for this by the fact that
the fruit i3 bringing such good prices In the
East that a good deal of It is going that way.
The market is practically bare of Mexican
Limes, and no more are expected until the
last of the week. Lemons are also in moderate
supply and ¦firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— New, 25c@?l 25 per large box and
20@35c per basket.
APRICOTS— 30@50c per box. 40@6oc per crate*
in • bulk, $15©17 50 per ton for small and $20@30
for large.
CRABAPPLES — 35@50c per small and $1®
1 25 per large box.
PLUMS— 3C@60c per box and 30@40c per bas
ket; Prunes, 40@65c per crate and 40@50c per
basket.
PEACHES — 25@50c per box and S0@50c per
basket for common and 40<3!65c per box and 25@
60c per basket for Crawfords and $22 50 per ton
In the country. y
NECTARINES— White. 40@75c per box; Red.
65(9'S3c. The market is very dull.
PEARS — Dearborn Seedlings. 50c per box and
50c per basket: Bartletts. $1@1 10 per box and
$32 50 per ton in the country.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3 25@4 50 for large berries. .
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@6 per Chest.
BLACKBERRIES — $2 50@5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $406 per chest.
CURRANTS— %\ 50@5 50 per chest. Only 10
chests came in.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 40@85c per box for single and
$1@1 50' for double layers; White, nominal.
MELONS — Nutmegs. $1 per box and $2@2 50
per crate; Cantaloupes, $1 25@1 50 per half-crate
and $2@3 per large crate ; Watermelons, from
Fresno. 10@20c each.
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
65c@$l 25 per crate: Fontainebleau, from Vaca
vllle. 50c@l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. 50c@$l 25; Medi
terranean Sweets, 50c@$l 25; Valencias. $1 5045
2 60; St. Michaels, $l@l 75: Lemons, 73c®$l 25
for common and $1 5C@3 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, 60c@$l 50; Mexican Limes, $7 30<»
8; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@
3 pel- dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter ruled firm under lighter receipts, and
stocks are reduced. Prices, however, show no
further change.
Stocks of Cheese are light and the market is
firm. , .
Eggs have again advanced in the open mar
ket, and the feeling in fine ranch is firm
enough, though dealers do not report any espe
cial demand for the goods. Eggs are seldom
active in midsummer.
Receipts were 64,700 pounds and 76 tubs of
Butter, 774 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 9650 pounds of California Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20@21c per lb for fancy
and 18%@19%c for seconds; dairy, 14@18c per lb
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old. nominal; Young
Americas, 10@llc per lb..
EGGS— Ranch, 17@20c for good to fancy;
store, 13®15c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 20c; firsts, 18c; second3.
Dairy — Extras, 19c; firsts, 17c: seconds 15c •
store, 12@14c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice, 8^c;
common nominal; Young Americas, 10c; East
ern, full cream, 13@15c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch — Selected white. 19c; mixed
colors, 17c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 15c; standard
13c; seconds, . *
Eastern — Standard, 16c per dozen.
A car of Eastern came in. Local receipts
were Insignificant. .-¦
' POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@10c for Gobblers
and 8@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair," $1(^125;
Goslings. $1@1 25; Ducks, $2 60@3 for old and
$3 60@4 for young; Hens, $4 50@5 50; young
Roosters, $6@8; old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryera
$4 50@5; Broilers, $3@4 for large and $2@2 75
for small; Pigeons, $1 E0@l 75 per dozen for
old and $1 50©l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1@1 50; Rabbits, $10150 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
¦ Inquiries for Potatoes are being received here
from Texas, Colorado. Arizona and New Mex
ico, but the goods are rather green for ship
ment, and our prices are- ruling somewhat high,
hencobut little business results from in
quiries, though several cars . have i been . sold.
The feeling is steady. ' Onions ' show no par
ticular change. . .
The Vegetable market stands about as "be
fore. ¦ . . . • v ¦
POTATOES— New Potatoes. $1<S1 25 in sacks
and $1@1 50 in boxes for Burbanks, $1@1 10
for Garnet Chiles and 90c@$125 for Early Rose;
Salinas Burbanks, $1400165.
ONIONS— New Red, 30@S5c per sack; New.
Yellow. 75@90c. .
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 75@3 25 - for
large, $1 25@1 50 per -box for No. 1 and 50c@$l
for No. 2; Green Peas, . 50c@$l 25 per sack;
String Beans, l@3c; Llmas, 3@3%c; Cabbage,
33©40e per ctl; Tomatoes, from Winters, 35@50c;
Rivers, in large boxes, $101 50; Dried Peppers,
12@18c: Dry Okra, 15@20c per lb; Green Okra,
; Carrots., 25@33c per sack; Marysville Cu
cumbers/ 40c per box; Winters,,.60c; Bay,' 73c
©?1; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 75c@$l 25
per box for Chile and $1@1 50 for Bell; Egg
Plant, ,750®$! 50 per .box:.- Green Corn, 40c@?l
per sack; Alameda,. $1 25@1 B0 • per crate;
Berkeley, 73c; Summer Squash, large boxes,
20@35c; New Marrowfat Squash. $40 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White, $4 83
®5; Large White. $3 50@3 85; Pink, $1 40®l 60;
Red, $3 15@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Limas,
$6 35@6 50; Red Kidney. $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Muetard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary. 3%<g
3%o for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2®
2&c; Hemp. 3%c; Timothy, 6%c. ¦
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60 per ctl. \
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Hay were over 1200 tons, and the
market was' quoted very weak, with a down
ward tendency. There was no change In Feed
stuft's.
BRAN— $17 60@18 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 50(317 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ?2o@26: Job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal.
J2S@29: Cracked Corn, $2S £0©29 DO; Mixed Feed,
$16 50@17 60.
HAY— New is quotable as follows: Wheat.
$8 50@9 SO; choice. $10; "Wheat and Oat, $S@9 EO;
Oat $6@8 E0; Barley and Oat. $7@S; Alfalfa,
$S@9 50; Clover, nominal; Volunteer, $1@7.
STRAW— 35@42%c per bale. :
¦Hay and Feedstuff 's.
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; "Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 S5;
In sacks. $C@7 50; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$.5; Green Peas, $.6 50 per 100 lbs. • -. ; .
price . at London, but it folio-wed futures at
London, which declined ' IBs. The spot price
here was 127 50 to $27 80, a decline of about 23
points. -The London market closed with spot
at £133 and futures at £116 . 19s. Copper here
was quiet and somewhat nominal, with spot
Lake Ingots quoted at $17 • and electrolytic
at J16 62Vfc. . London copper closed at a net ad
vance oC 73 6d, with spot- at £68 2s 6d and fu
tures, at £CS 12s 6d. Lead was unchanged at
New York at $4 37%; London was Is 3d lower
ut £12 3s 9d. Spelter was dull and unchanged
at home and abroad. New York closed at $3 90
to J3 95. London closed at £16 10s. Iron here
was dull. and unchanged. The English mar
kets were inactive, Glasgow warrants closing
at S8s and Middlesboro at 44s 9d.- The local
price for pig warrants is $9'60 to $10.
Crushed, 6.75c; Powdered, 5.35c: Candy Gran
ulated, 5.35c; Dry Granulated, 5.25c; Confection
ers' A. 5.23c; Fruit Granulated, 5.25c; Beet
Granulated, 5.15c; Magnolia A, 4.85c; Extra C,
4.75c; Golden C, 4.65c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels,
6c; boxes. 6.23c per lb.
Receipts of Produce. v l
Flour, qr sks 13,681) Onions, sks....... 943
Wheat, ctls 7.S3S Wine, gals .. 56.400
Barley, ctls 12.050 Leather, rolls 93
Oats, ctls 3.020 Quicksilver, fisks 21
Sugar, ctls 1.311 Chicory, bbls 10
Tallow, ctls 24S Lime, bbls 273
Wool, bales 57 Pelts, bdls 26?
Straw, tons 13 Hides. No 721
Hay, tons 1,223 Bran. sks.... 417
Potatoes, sks 3.02O Middlings, sks.... 510
Beans, sks 67
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 10,046fWool. bales M 5
Bran, eks 646!
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 3,720 •' ": 7"'
SUGAR— Prices continue to decline, making
the third reduction In about as many days. The
Western. Sugar Refining Company quotes, per
pound.- in 100-lb bags:
COAL — Wellington, VJ per ton; southnela Wel
lington, J9; Seattle. $7: Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend, 19; Co-operative Wallsend. $9;
Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 In sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Cannel. $10
per ton; -Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, JS 43 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. I,
75c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
94c;- raw, 92c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels,: 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut, ' 53@S3c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, C5c: cases. 7Cc: Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white. 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil;.'' in barrels." 35c peases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
12%c; Pearl Oil., in cases. 18%c; Astral, 18«4c;
Star, 18»Sc: Extra. Star, 22%c; Elaine, 23^0;
Eocene, 20%c; deodorized stove gasoline, In
bulk, 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
In cases. 20c; 88-degree Gasoline, ' in bulk, 20c;
in cases. 26c.
TURPEXTINE-ESc per gallon in cases and
62c in drums or iron barrels.
p GRAIN - BAGS — Calcutta ' - Grain Bags, . 8%@
S'ic; local make, Uc less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@Sc; Fruit
Bags. 5%@6c for cotton and 8%@S%o for Jute.
General Merchandise.
Local packers report a firm market for Hogs
in spite of very fair receipts, most of which
are dairy Hogs. Grain Hogs are coming for
ward slowly, and unless receipts increase
shortly an tdvanc* is not -Improbable.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
¦ BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 5@«c per lb for
cows. ji
•VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, S(S9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©8c; Ewes. 7®7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8%®9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6*ic,
over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders, : sows, 20 per cent
off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7}4@9%c :.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10l4@llc: medium, S@10c; light. 8*v{J9c:
Cow Hides. 8V4@3'/*c for heavy and 8%@3» for
light: Stags 6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal.
3%@10c; Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 16%c:
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c: Dry Calf. 17018c:
Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, ¦ 15@3Cc each: short "Wool. 30@S0c each:
medium. 60@75c: long 'Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 5WJ2 75 for large and J2QI 25
for medium $1 60@l 75 for small and 50c for
Colts; Horse- Hides, dry. $175 for large. $1 SO
for medium. I 111 25 for small and 60c for Colts.
Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatsklns-^Prlme Angoras, 75c j largs- and
smooth. 60c; medium. 33c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%e per lb; choice,
Ec: No. 2. 3%@4c; grease. 2«4@3c.
WOOL — Spring, 1900 or 1901 — Huxnboldt and
Mendoclno, 14@15%c; do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free, 12@13c; defective, 9@llc; Mid
dle County, free, 10@llc: do, defective. 8310c:
Southern. 12 months. 8@9c; Southern, free, 7
months, 7@10c; do. defective. 7 months, 7@8c:
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@13c; do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Kastern, choice, ll@13c;
do. fair to good. 9@llc; Nevada, 10@lltfc.
HOPS— 15@20o per lb.
with light stocks, dealers say that the Eastern
markets have come to a halt and that It Is the
Impression there that the top has been touched.'
Sheepskins continue neglected and very bard
to sell. • • > -•
THE SA2ST FKAKGIRCO CALIi^ TUESDAY, JULY 16, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
10
h! 4 a?
6TATIOXS. || 1 3
: s : 3 |§
Co
S3
H
Centura 68 El
tfollister ..TS 42
5an Jose 77 54 X
?anta Maria 70 53
S'apa 77 47 SW
Palermo 95 64 S
Hanford 92 E"
Qear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
0
0
0
0
o
0
0
San Jose — Xoitfc wind, ¦very windy; weathei
avorable for all fruits.
Ventura— Apple and peach crop light. Ber-
•ies very plentiful.
Hollister— Weather favorable for fruit. Aprl
»t drying begun: cuallty excellent; crop light
Ilanford — Everything favorable.
ICapa — Clear; southwest. Grapes doing -well
Ipht crop.
Palsrmo— Wind couth. Picking early Craw
'ords for cannery has begun.
Santa Maria— Grain yield good: barley, darl
iats. fair; «-hlte beans, better; but vinei
mder Eize. AI-EXAISTDER McAl>IE.
Forecaster Official
53 2 £ O ™ *i
2 «K »3 «, <g- o ft
STATIONS. § Iff!;?! |o ff
5 I 3 | 3 I 3 & \ I
Astoria 29.82 64 42 SW Bain .02
Baker 29.74 82 54 Kff Cloudy 0
rarson 29.86 76 £2 W Clear 0
Eureka 30.00 C6 5! W Pt Cldy 0
Fresno 29.7S 9o 62 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.82 86 66 SW Clear 0
Pocatello Idaho.. 29. 66 92 BO S Clear 0
Independence 29.62 92 62 SE Clear 0
U.s Angeles 29. S2 82 54 W Clear 0
Phoenix 29.62 106 78 W Clear 0
Portland 29.88 74 50 SW Cloudy T.
Red Bluff 29.78 90 64 SE Clear 0
Rosebuxg 29. S4 82 ES 1C Pt Cldy 0
Sacramento 29.82 90 M SW Clear 0
Salt Lake 29.64 96 6« KW Clear 0
San Francisco. ...29.SS 60 48 W Clear 0
San Luis Obispo.29.92 72 50 W Clear 0
San Diego 29.84 68 62 KW Clear 0
Seattle 29.66 76 54 SW Cloudy 0
Spokane 29.78 84 52 XW Cloudy 0
Neah Bay 29. SS 62 E0 NW Cloudy .01
Walla Walla ....29.76 66 M SW Clear 0
Winnemucca ....29.72 84 54 SW Clear 0
ruma 29.66 102 72 S Clear 0
h! 4 a?
6TATIOXS. || 1 3
: s : 3 |§
Co
S3
H
Centura 68 El
tfollister ..TS 42
5an Jose 77 54 X
?anta Maria 70 53
S'apa 77 47 SW
Palermo 95 64 S
Hanford 92 E"
Qear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
0
0
0
0
o
0
0
San Jose — Xoitfc wind, ¦very windy; weathei
avorable for all fruits.
Ventura— Apple and peach crop light. Ber-
•ies very plentiful.
Hollister— Weather favorable for fruit. Aprl
»t drying begun: cuallty excellent; crop light
Ilanford — Everything favorable.
ICapa — Clear; southwest. Grapes doing -well
Ipht crop.
Palsrmo— Wind couth. Picking early Craw
'ords for cannery has begun.
Santa Maria— Grain yield good: barley, darl
iats. fair; «-hlte beans, better; but vinei
mder Eize. AI-EXAISTDER McAl>IE.
Forecaster Official
53 2 £ O ™ *i
2 «K »3 «, <g- o ft
STATIONS. § Iff!;?! |o ff
5 I 3 | 3 I 3 & \ I
Astoria 29.82 64 42 SW Bain .02
Baker 29.74 82 54 Kff Cloudy 0
rarson 29.86 76 £2 W Clear 0
Eureka 30.00 C6 5! W Pt Cldy 0
Fresno 29.7S 9o 62 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.82 86 66 SW Clear 0
Pocatello Idaho.. 29. 66 92 BO S Clear 0
Independence 29.62 92 62 SE Clear 0
U.s Angeles 29. S2 82 54 W Clear 0
Phoenix 29.62 106 78 W Clear 0
Portland 29.88 74 50 SW Cloudy T.
Red Bluff 29.78 90 64 SE Clear 0
Rosebuxg 29. S4 82 ES 1C Pt Cldy 0
Sacramento 29.82 90 M SW Clear 0
Salt Lake 29.64 96 6« KW Clear 0
San Francisco. ...29.SS 60 48 W Clear 0
San Luis Obispo.29.92 72 50 W Clear 0
San Diego 29.84 68 62 KW Clear 0
Seattle 29.66 76 54 SW Cloudy 0
Spokane 29.78 84 52 XW Cloudy 0
Neah Bay 29. SS 62 E0 NW Cloudy .01
Walla Walla ....29.76 66 M SW Clear 0
Winnemucca ....29.72 84 54 SW Clear 0
ruma 29.66 102 72 S Clear 0
AUCTION SALES
___a £?_ ife_
ON TUESDAY, JULY 23d,
I Will Sen
too
GERMAN GOVERNMENT
HORSES,
All thoroughly broken and carefully selected
to suit everybody. These horses -weigh from
950 to 1400 pounds each. Xo reserve.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST.. near Third.
' W-I. O. L-VYXG. Auctioneer.
£a AUCTIONJALE _^
SO HEJAID OP
Broken, Driving and
Work Horses.
To Be Sold on
THURSDAY July 18, 1901
AT 11 A. M., AT
Salesyard, 1732 Market St., cor. Van Ness ava.
Horses Now at Yard.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
(Successors to Killlp & Co.)
Livestock Auctioneers.
Also a number of 2. 4 and S Horse Wagons to
sell or trade for stock.Brandes Must Walt.
OAKLAND, July 15.— W. A. Brandea,
the convicted child slayer, has failad to
obtain an order from the court dissolv
ing the thirty days' stay ot proceedings
taken to file a motion for a new trial, so
as to allow him to go at once to Folaom
and begin serving the ten years' sentence
given him for manslaughter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 15.
Residents of Upper Fruitvale crowded
the Supervisors* room to-day to protest
against the granting of licenses to the sa
loons and beer gardens, against whose dis
orderly conduct they have long been agi
tating. * :-...'
Citizens of the wealthy suburb appeared:
before the board and described scenes of
revelry and brawling participated in by
both male and female patrons of tha re*
sorts In auestion. V J.* .
Complaints were filed against the places
kept by Charles Tepper, R. E. Taylor ana
Mrs. B. Walliser, and protests were be
fore the board against the renewal of
licenses to Peter C. Nielsen and I_ Faure.
the latter the proprietor of the notorious
Hermitage.
Rev. F. B. Rhoda conducted the prose-*
cutlon against Nielsen and Faure, who
were defended by M. C. Chapman. In thd
fight against the other three places Snook
& Church appeared for the- protestants
and A. I* Frlck for the accused. Frlck
later withdrew because the board would
not order the cases continued on account
of non-compliance with the legal allow*
ance of time within which to plead.
Lawyers Not Wanted.
Supervisor Mitchell said that lawyers
were not needed there anyhow, as there
was already wrangling enough, and aa
for the time limit the board was compe
tent to go ahead with an Investigation
one time as well as another. Frlck re
torted that he was not there to wrangle
but for the protection of his clients' in*
terests.
The board proceeded with the Faure
and Nielsen cases first. Chapman asked
that the charges be dismissed, as they
were not regularly filed and contained no
specific complaints. From the worfflngf of
the protests, he said, it might b« seen
that the residents wers objecting to all
the saloons In Frultvale, whereas the In
vestigation was directed solely against
his clients. The board refused to dismiss
the case and asked for testimony In sup
port of the protest. Rhoda said he would
put no witnesses on the stand. Chapman
accused the minister of wanting a chance
to heap . abuse on his clients. He again
asked for a dismissal, but the board dl«
rected Mr. Rhoda to proceed.
Rhoda said the protest was based on
two technical points— first, that Faura and
Nielsen signed each other's petitions; sec
ond, that neither presented an affidavit of
good character/ •¦:.' : - ;r>v-
Supervisor Rowe said that If tho pro*
testants had any testimony to support
their claims they must offer It at once.
Ira L. Aymer was then sworn, and tes
tified that he had heard of: the ill-repute
of the Hermitage as far away as Los An
geles before coming to Oakland. He sala
that hoodlums stood out3lde the place ana
insulted passersby, both ladies and gentle-
Daniel Wilmore testified that -he ha*
seen women coming from the Hermitase*
In an intoxicated condition. He said that
the worst feature of the place was tha
crowd of tough young men and women
who came there from Oakland and San
Francisco. _ . ','. *;' : _ ' ¦".
Charles Reynolds, an officer In the Sal
vation Army, testified that Faure, hla
wife and his sons were in the habit ot
applying abusive epithets to the army
people during their meetings. . He said
that carriages brought women there at
night. _
His Home Desecrated. v
Superintendent William Rutherforfl oC
the California Cotton Mills said that h#
home in Fruitvale was desecrated by tha
riotous drunkenness of the frequenters or
the resorts under investigation.
"It la a farce," he said, "to come hers
time after time and protest against this
outrage. The Supervisors should long: ago
have compelled the District Attorney
to institute proceedings against -thesej
places."
Mr. Rutherford said that recently ha
had seen fighting going on outside the
Hermitage and told of seeing a man and
woman come from the place too drunk to
For the defense .Chapman offered the
testimony of Constables Jerry Quinlan
•and Cramer, Policeman Gardiner, W. S.
Dunleavy" and John Ferren of the Oak
land Transit Company to the effect that
the Hermitage was a quiet and orderly,
place.
The board next took up the complaints
against Mrs. Walllser. Charles Tapper
and R. E. Taylor. After Judge- Frick*3
¦withdrawal Tepper'a daughter represent
ed him. The testimony against these>-re
sorts was similar to that in the other
cases. One man said he had seen girl3
standing on-chaira at Tepptr's and kick
ing at hats held for them by their male
companions, the latter shouting "High
er!" He had seen both, boys and girls In
toxicated there, x ,
The Supervisors took tha protests un
der advisement until 10 o'clock to-morrow.
Homes Desecrated by Loud,
Unseemly Brawling in
Beer Gardens.
Fruitvale Residents De
scribe Scenes of
Revelry.
MIKE PROTESTS
AGAINST DIVES
Will Use Electrk:' Power.
OAKLAND; July. 15.— The Contra Costa
.Water ' Company has . obtained, permission
from. the Board, of Supervisors to run an
electric - power wire to the * Alvarado
pumping station. Electric motors' will be
substituted . for the ' present • oil-burning
steam-engines. •/./¦ • •.¦.-- ¦ \ . ¦
Woodland's Autumn Bases.
. "WOODLAND. July 15.— At a meeting, of
the directors of the Fortieth Agricultural
District, comprising Yolo and Sacramento
counties, this afternoon it was decided to
hold the annual fair and race meeting at
Woodland during the week immediately
preceding the State Fair at Sacramento.
Edward Beaudry Will Die.
OAKLAND, July 15.— Edward J. Beau
dry of - the undertaking firm of Beaudry
& 'McAvoy, whose skull was fractured In
a ' runaway accident ¦; two weeks ago, ¦• is
in ' a very critical condition at his resi
dence, 563 Seventeenth street. His death
is expected at. any hour. • .
Funeral of Edward Welti.
OAKLAND. July 15.— The .funeral of
Edward Welti, for many yean* proprietor
of the- Philadelphia restaurant in this
city, will be held ; to-morrow morning
from- private undertaking parlors - nn
Thirteenth street, near Broadwav. Mr.
Welti died Saturday at Congress Springs.
CRICKETERS SETTLE
A KNOTTY QUESTION
At a meeting of the California Cricket
Association held last night In this city
delegates were present from the Alameda,
California. Pacific and Santa Cruz clubs.
The object of the meeting was to con
sider the protest of the Alameda Club
against the status of the delegates of the
California Club, It being contended that
by forfeiting its matches at^the close of
last season Tand failing to reorganize at
thp bccinnlng of this year the Calif ornlas
nad loft their right to membership in the
association oAehalf of the Calif ornias
it was urged that its dues to the associa
tion had been d«ty paid and accepted, and
that the business transacted at the annual,
meetirg, at which the California delegates
were present, had been, confirmed^at the
next meeting After all the delegates had
spoken the California Club was accepted
as a member, of the association and its
delegates were recognized/ "
Notice was given of an amendment to.
the by-laws., which will be considered at
a" meeting to be held on July 29. Another
important matter to be considered at the
meeting will be the demand of -the Cali
fornia delegates that the Alameda Club
forfeit all matches won during the present
season on account of having included in
its team ¦ a player rwhp. left one of the .as
sociated clubs -.in bad standing.
J.- J. Moriarty. H. C. Casidy and A. G.
Sheath . were appointed a committee to
prepare the batting and bowling averages
upon which the award of - the . prizes < pre
sented by Captain John Metcalfe will be
decided; ,
LETTERS ARE ISSUED .
ON DUNSMTJTB, ESTATE
Magnificent Country Park Principal
Item of Property From Which
to Pay Bequests.
OAKLAND, July 15.— Charles H. Lovell
has been granted letters . testamentary
upon -the estate of the late Mrs. Joseph
ine Dunsmulr. - • ' ,- :¦
In his testimonv* before Judere Melvin
Lovell FRi& that the estate consisted of
about $7000 worth of personal property and
the Souther farm at San Leandro. The
market"" value, of the latter Is difficult. to
appraise. It cost in theneighborhood of
$300,000, "but, the improvements are mainly
in the line of embellishments to the nat
ural beauty of the place.
Mrs. Dunsmuir, in her will, pave Lovell,
as executor, full power to. fell the proD
erty or such part of it as w\ uld suffice to
psv a bequest of $50,000 to hj r son.
The remainder, goes to E ina Wallace
Hopper, the antress. .. .
COUNCIL AUTHORIZES
TAKING OF APPEAL
Water Rate Case to Be Carried, to
Supreme .-Court by City Attor
ney Johnson.
OAKLAND, July 15.— The City Council
to-night authorized the City Attorney to
proceed with the appeal of the water-rate
case from the decision of Judge Hart, un
der which -rates have been fixed for the
present and ' the coming fiscal year. This
action terminates a contest which has
been waged over the question of carrying
the famousycase to the court of last re
sort ever gfnee the present Council was
organized. ' The .opponents of appeal fin
ally gave -way on the ground that the peo
ple demanded it without regard for the
prospect of success. But wh,lle the appeal
was ordered, City Attorney Johnson will
have to take it alone and without help.
An ordinance was passed directing the
City Auditor to pay-the bills of the water
company against the city for the current
year.
At the suggestion of Auditor Breed a
resolution was , passed authorizing the
transfer of the unused: balances in all the
other funds to the high school and gen
eral funds, an aggregate amount of $74.
781-SD.V Auditor Breed estimates that this
sum. with* the other sources of Income
available, will suffice to pay all claims
against the city treasury and leave a sur
plus of $25,832 So. There is; at present, an
overdraft of $39,511 73 in the general fund
and $18,234 81 in the high school fund. The
latter deficit threatened for a time to close
the high school in.the middle of the term.
has for several years been superintendent
at the Pacific Coast Oil "Works, now the
property of the Standard Oil Company.
He is one of the substantial business men
of the West Enri and has taken an active
Interest In municipal politics. In frater
nal affairs Mr. Transue Is well known as
a Native Son of the Golden "West, being a
member and past president of Alameda
Parlor No. 47.
After a brief honeymoon, to be scent
where fancy may dictate. Mr. and Mrs.
Transue will take up their residence at 3o
Pacific avenue, in a cottage which Mr.
Transue l:as already elaborately furnished
for the reception of his bride.
Hammie Runs Into Orman at Brigh-
RESULTS ON EASTERN TRACKS.
ton and Is Killed.
NEW YORK, July 15.— Hammle, wlio
ran in the hurdle race at Brighton Beach
to-day, was killed Just after the race. He
threw his Jockey during the race, a stable
boy caught and mounted him at the head
of the stretch and rode him down past the
judges as the other horses were coming
back to the stand. He ran Into Orman
and fell In a heap on the track, probably
breaking his neck- Results: . .
First race, one and three-quarter miles,
hurdles— Charagrace won. Passe Partout sec
ond. Monroe Doctrine third. Time. 3:17.
Second race, five furloner« — Bonner won.
Lleschen second. Star of the West third. Time,
1:01 1-5. ¦ .
Third race, mile and a sixteenth. selling-
Animosity won. Nitrate second. Hammock
third. Time, 1:48 1-5.
Fourth race, mile and a furlong — Decanter
won. Scurry second. Vltellius third. Time,
1:53 1-5. >
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Lidy Sterling won, Ben Howard second, Ocla
waha third. Time, 1:07 4-5.
Sixth race, six furlonjrs, selling — Saddncea
won, Bobs second, Koyal Sterling third. Time,
1:1*- • •
CHICAGO. July 15.— Washington Park sum
mary:
First race, one mile — Admonition won. Reseda
second. Henry Bert third. Time, 1:40 2-5.
Second race, five furlongs, purse— Nellie Wad
dell won, Helen Print eecond, Julia Junkln
third. Time, 1:00 4-5. I
Third race, one mile and a quarter, . purse-
Tammany Chief won. Frangible second, Wal
deck third. Time. 2:0" 3-5. •.. >' :
fourth race, six furlongs, purse— Toah won,
Fleuron second. Sim W third. Time, 1:14%
Fifth race, one mile, purse— Rolling Boer
won, Brutal second, Scarlet Lily third. Time,
1:41.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, purse-
Tile Four Hundred won, J. H. Klrby second,
Hans Wagner third. Time, 1:07 4-5.
ST. LOUIS, July 13.— Delmar Park results:
/First race, five furlongs, selling— Lacrimea
won. Sister Sarah second, Sting third. Time,
1:034. -
Second race, six furlongra, selling— Tenn7
Belle won. Echodale second, Mrs. Grannan
third. Time, 1:16.
Third race, mile and three-sixteenths, selling
—Eugenia S won. Judce Steadman \ second.
Ransom third. Time. 2:03.
.Fourth race, six furlongs, , Belling— General
MoGrudw won. Sard second. Lasso third.
Time, 1:15. \ . -
Fifth race.- mile and a sixteenth. selling-
Peter Duryea won. Miss Patron second, Beana
third. Time. l:50«4. . •
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Antolee
won. Tickful second, Ladas third. Time.
1:29',*.
BUFFALO, N. T.. July 15.— Fort Erie re
sults:
First race, six furlonKS, gelllne— Nona won.
Immerse second. Matoaka third.. Time, 1:15V&.
Second race, four and a. half furlongs — Silk
Cori wen, Lucrusta second, Fred Krupp third.
Time, :36. ' ' H ¦
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
The Beer won, Jake Weber second. Pharaoah
third. Time, 1:22. , ' >'- -
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Glad Hand
won. Maple second, Magog third. Time, 1:15.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling
— Bellcourt won. Kalao second. Little Tommy
Tucker third. Time. 1:54H. .
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling—
Gray Gaily won. Flag of Truce second, Cogs
well third. Time. 1:64.--
BUTTE, Mont.". 'July .15.— "Weather fine; at
tendance good; track fast. Summary: - * •
First race, • four furlongs — Floculver won,
Grace Thoburn second. Addle D third. Time.
Second race, seven furlongs— Free Pass won.
Monus second, Alaria third. Time. 1:28%.
Third race, • mile and seventy ¦ yards— The
Butcher won. Senator DuBols second, Old Fox
third. Time. 1:45%.
¦ Fourth' race, one mile— Kenova won. St. Ger
malne second. Linden Ella third. Time. 1:43*1.
Fifth • race, six ¦ furlones— Ksolrando won,
George H. - Ketchum second. Bio Chlco third.
Time. .1:14*5. , • ...
Sixth race, thre« and a half furlongs — Mid
love won. Jack second, Henry R third. Time,
:42. • ¦¦ .
ALAMEDA, July 15. — Announcement
Is made of the engagement of
Miss Sophie Frinck and Harry L.
Transue, both prominent and
popular residents of the "West
End. The wedding Is set for Saturday.
July 20, at the home of the bride's sister.
Mrs. George B. Williams, 621 Railroad
avenue. • Miss Florence Williams, niece
of the bride-elect, will be the mai£ . of
honor and Robert McMillan the best man.
Miss Frinck in a handsome and accom*
plished young woman .and a general fa
vorite in local social circles. Mr. Transue
BAIL ON EASTEBN FIELDS.
Mathewson of New York Holds St.
Louis Down Without a Hit or Hun.
AMERICAN LEAGUK.
BALTIMORE, July lo.-The Baltimore and
Washington American League teams broke
even on a double-header here this afternoon.
Lee had the better after the first inniner of the
first pame Tand the errors behind Carrick were
very damaging. Attendance. 2931. Score, first
game: . _ _.
Clubs- *• *!• E a
Baltimore % S ¦ f
Washington ••-* J* ¦*
Batteries— McGinnlty and Bresnehan, Lee and
Clarke. . -
Second game:
Clubs— • ?• ii- 2
Baltimore 4 11 2
Washington •••• 3 " .f
Batteries— Foreman and Robinson, Carrick
and Clarke.
PHILADELPHIA, July 13.— The home team
to-day defeated Boston by superior all-around
io^-pitc^nrof' BTan^ Pa whn b . S^fnteTs S £1
touched up Quite freely. Attendance.' 2794.
Score: n H E
B Clubs- . . : »• H 7 - E ;
? Sje^iniirV.-CuppV"ana'snreck; 4 Blank
and Smith.
/ NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 15.-Taylor was at his best
and held the visitors down to one run. The
locals found Dlneen easy and bunched their
hits. Attendance. 500. Score.
•Clubs- R - ¦¦ *• K j
ChlcagfO """"""" 1*6 '• 3
B Batt n erVes-Tayio'r"and Kllng, Dlneen and Klt
tridge. Umplre-O'Day. /
CINCINNATI. July 13.-Brt>oklyn handed
Cincinnati a game to-day. Donovan pitched
erand ball, striking .out ten men. but his sup
nnrtln the last three innings was miserable.
Phi lips was. hit hard, but kept them scat
(ered Attendance. 1400. Score:
Clubs- *• H" E -
Cincinnati • ? 12 3
Brooklyn 6 ¦ *
Batteries-Phillips and Bergen, Donovan and
McGuire. Umpire— Nash. •
ST LOUIS' July 15.— Christy Mathewson
was 'invincible to-day and let^St. Louis down
without a hit or a run. But five of «ie locals
rVached first base, four by base on balls and
nntbv an' error by Van Haltren. Mathewson
struck out four men and Sudhoff three. At
tendance. 5000. Score: . • , .
Clubs- . • " H o E i
st Louis..; ••••*« <n i
New York ••. 5 ™ l
Batteries— Sudhoff and Ryan, Mathewson
and Warner., Umpire— Pwyer.
CHARMING YOUNG WEST END SOCIETY BELLE WHOSE ENGAGE
MENT TO A WELL-KNOWN. BUSINESS MAN OF ALAMEDA HAS
JUST BEEN .ANNOUNCED TO THEIR FRIENDS.
Oakland Office Sari Francisco Call,
• • 1118 Broadway, July 15.
The opening session of the first annual
convention of the Supreme Council of the
Portuguese Ladies' Benevolent Society of
St. Isabel was held to-day in Alcatraz
Hall, v Peralta street, near Seventh., There
are sixty-five delegates to the council, but
this representation . is augmented by the
attendance of members of the organization
who are interested in the business which
will be transacted at this initial conven
tion of the order. '{p. - ¦
Supreme president Mrs. Rosa M.
Olivelra convened the opening session
this morning. After the ritualistic forms
had been observed the following commit
tees were appointed: , .
Credentials— Mrs. M. C. Bnos, Mrs. M. D.
Pereira and Mrs: Maria F. Plnhelro. Finance-
Mrs. Maria C. Lemos. Mrs. Maria S. Brezel
and Miss Maria A: Souza Lemos. By-laws—
Miss Anna L. Costa, Miss Maria A. S. Lemos
and Miss Maria S. Costa. Press committee —
Mrs Rosa C. Costa, Mrs. Maria C. Lemos and
Mrs. Henrietta Sllva. Jurisprudence— Mrs.
Maria S.. Brazel. Mrs.- Maria C. Enos, Mrs.
Maria .'Soares, i Mrs. ¦ Isabel J. I Garcia, Mrs.
Mary "Williams. Mileage — Mrs. Mary Dias,
Mrs. Isabel Garcia and Mrs. Annie Rodgers.
At the afternoon meeting the committee
on credentials reported the following dele
gates: .
Council No. 1 of Oakland — Mrs. Marta Mar
cella, Mrs Maria Pereira." Mrs. Maria J.
Gloria. Miss May Eiioj, Mrs. Louisa Vleira,
Mrs. Maria Machado, Miss Anna Graves. No.
2 of Plejisanton— Mrs. Maria Gomes, Mrs. Mar-
Earlda Mendonca, Mrs. Carolina Lulz. No. 3
of Mission San Jose — Mrs. Maria D. Pereira,
Mrs. M. dementia Pereira. No. 4 of Center
ville—Mrs. M.'J. Mattos. Mrs. M. S. Amaral.
No. 5 of San Leandro— Mrs. M. C. Enos, Mrs.
I. G. Lulz. Mrs. A. S. Rogers, Mrs. F. Focha.
Mrs. M. .Joseph. Mrs. C. Pimentel. No. 6 of
East Oakland — Mrs.. M. I., Souza, MrB. J.. M.
Abreu. Mrs. - M. C." Nunes. No. 7 of Benicia —
Mrs. Maria F. Plnhelro. No. 8 of Haywards—
Mrs. M. Sllva, Miss A. Lemos. Mrs. M. J.
Lawrence,. Mrs. G. Woods. No. 9 of San Lor
enzo — Mrs. F. Souto, Mrs. M. I. Sampson, Mrs.
R. ' E. Stanton. No. . 10 of Fetaluma — Mrs.
Maria V. Peters. No. 11 of North Oakland-
Mrs. M. P. AJveres, Mrs. M. Freitas. No. 12
of Sacramento-^Mrs. M. Enos, Mrs. R. Quares
ma, Miss M. E. Souza, Mrs. L. Davis. No. 13
of San Jose — Mrs. J. -.Rogers, Mrs. M. Homem.
Mrs E. F. Mldelros. , No. 14 of San Pablo —
Mrs. M. Midelros. No. 15 of Santa Clara— Mrs.
I. Lulz, Mrs. I. Leal. No. 16 of Freeport— Misg
R. Sonto, Mrs. M. Lulz. No. 17 of Halfmoon
Bay— Miss A. Luiz, Miss M. J. Valladao. No.
18 of San Francisco— Mrs. M. Alves. No. 19 of
San Rafael — Mrs. M. R. Souza. •¦ No. 20 of
Pinole— Mrs. G. Sllva. No. 21 of Alvarado—
Mrs. M. R. Gaspar. No. 22 of Watsonville—
Miss A. Souza, Mrs. M. C. Sllva. No. 23 of
Chlco— Mrs. M. L. Vargas, Miss R. Lopez. No.
24 of Cherokee — Mrs. i M. . Amaral. No. 25 of
Bebastopol— Mrs. P. R. Rafael. No. 26 of New
castle—Mrs. M. Armas. No. 27 of Red Bluff-
Miss M. Alveres. No. 28 of Concord— Mrs. M.
Enos. No. 29 of Sausallto— Mrs. M. Lemos,
Mrs. M. N. Sllva, No. 30 of Santa Cruz— Mrs.
M. M. Mendlna.
Business sessions will be held to-mor
row and Wednesday, with Installation of
new supreme officers on Wednesday. The
convention will close Wednesday evening
with a ball at Pythian Hall. The order
was instituted last January. There are
thirty-five subordinate lodges with a
membership of 1600 in California, The
supreme officers are:
Supreme president. Mrs. Rosa M. Ollvelra,
Oakland; supreme vice president. Miss Maria.
A. Souza Lemos of San Leandro; supreme sec
retary, Miss Anna L. Costa of Oakland; su
preme treasurer, Mrs. Rita A. Rogers of San
Leandro; supreme master of ceremonies, Mrs.
Maria L. Lemos of Oakland; supreme marshal,
Mrs. Rosa C. Madel of Oakland; supreme sen
tinel, Mrs. Henrietta. Sllva of Oakland; su
preme directors, Mrs. Maria Soares Carallnda
of Oakland, Mrs. Isabel J. Garcia of Oakland,
Mrs. Maria I. Dlas of Elkhurst, Mrs. Isabel
G. Silva of Pleasanton. Mrs. Filomena H. A. •
Freitas of Oakland.
Benevolent Society of St.
Isabel Opens Its Firat
> Convention. ¦
Council.
Portuguese Ladies In
' augur ate a Supreme
INITIATE THEIR
ANNUAL SESSION
POPULAR ALAMEDA COUPLE
ENGAGED TO BE MARRIED
Approaching . Nuptials of Harry L. Transue, a, Well- Known
: Business Man, and Miss Sophie Frinck Announced, Wed
;. ding to Take Place July 20 at Mrs. G. E. Williams' Home
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
THE SAN FBANGISGO CALt, TUESDAY; JULY 16, yl&H.
"East Lynne" at the Dewey.
OAKLAICD. July 15.— "East Lynne" is
the card at the Dewey Theater this -fveek.
The full strength of the Stevens stock
company is in the cast. -
Old Resident Stricken.
ALAMEDA. July 15.— Mrs. Phoebe Jen
ner, a pioneer resident, 85 years old. liv
ing alone in a house at 2335 Santa Clara
avenue, was stricken with paralysis Sat
urday afternoon. She was found late at
night lying helplessly on the kitchen
floor. She received a contusion of the
head when, falling. On account of her
age there is little hope of recovery.
British Consul Is Very Sick.
ALAMEDA. July 15.— British Consul
General Pickersgill is lying very ill from
a recurrence of the Madagascar fever at
the Alameda Sanatorium, where he was
removed Saturday. He was taken sick at
the Hotel Rowardennan. in the Santa
Cruz Mountains, and failed so rapidly
that his physician ordered him to Ala
meda for treatment. While his condition
is critical, he may recover.
New Switchboard System.
BERKELEY. July 15.— The new office of
the local telephone company on Shattuck
avenue will be ready for occupancy in
about three weeks. Work of putting: in
the new multiple switchboards Is in prog
ress. This system Is In no other place in
this State and is declared to be the finest
on the coast. Twenty new lines have been
placed between here and Oakland, mak
ing 100 in all.
Berkeley Deaths.
BERKELEY, July 16.— William George
Agar, a Junior at the University of Cali
fornia, died last evening at the family
residence, 2J18 Haste street. The deceased
was 26 ve«J* of age and a native of this
State. Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 2 o'clock from the First Con
gregational Church. Miss Nellie Donovan,
the 15-yea.r-oid daughter of Daniel Dono
van, died early this morning: at her par
ents' home on Spauldlng avenue, West
Berkeley. Death was due to brain fever.
The funeral will be held Wednesday
morning at 9:30 o'clock from St. Joseph's
Phurrh
Noted Educators to Speak.
BERKELEY. July 15.— One of the most
important university meetings of the sum
mer session will be held next Thursday
afternoon at 4 o'clock in Harmon Gymna
sium. It will be addressed by three noted
educators — Professor John Dewey, head of
the department of philosophy in the Uni
versity of Chicago; Edward Flugel, pro
fessor of English philology at Stanford.
and Henry Morse Stephens, professor of
modern European and English history in
Cornell t-'nlversity.
The meeting will be open to the general
public.
Lost Their Lives in the
Wreck.
FINDS YACHT SUNK IN
TWENTY FEET OF WATEE
Hay Contain Bodies of Persons Who
ALAMEDA, July 15.— Sticking- out of
the water in the, bay two miles from the
couth shore, off Fourth street, is the
mast of a large yacht It was discovered
last Tuesday by George Masters of 444
Central avenue. Whether the boat Is a
wrecked pleasure craft containing the
bodies cf a yachting party or simply a
yacht that drifted away and foundered
will not be known until it is brought to
the surface to-morrow bv Masters and a
crew. Xo yachtingr parties are reported
missing.
The yacht lies submerged in twenty
feet of water, making it impossible to de
termine its length. The mast and boom
are new, indicating 1 that the boat is also
new. The sails were up when the derelict
was found, and these Masters cut away.
WIDOW WILL CONTEST
PAYMENT OF A CLAIM
Court Decides to Investigate Method
by Which Control of Estate
Was Obtained. x
OAKLAND, July 15.— Judge Melvin will
Investigate the methods by which Charles
W. Stone of San Francisco and L. Laz
arus of Oakland obtained control of the
$10,000 property of the late Captain H. G.
Williams on payment of $90, still refusing
to advance sufficient money to pay Wil
liams' funeral expenses. The body is still
unbnried for lack of funds.
Public Administrator Hawes says that
he has but (5 23 belonging to the estate,
besides a quitclaim to the real estate,
which he refuses to surrender to Stone
and Lazarus. He states that he has ap
pealed to the claimants to give the body
a decent burial, but with no avail.
Stone claims that he grot the property
on his pledge to pay the old man 560 a
month for the rest of his life. Williams
died soon after the alleged agreement was
made. The widow of the deceased is ex
pected to arrive here to-morrow to con
test Stone's claim.
ELKS TO HONOR
DEAD BROTHER
Harvey Sloper's Funeral
nal Direction.
to Be Under Frater-
Oakland Lodge Has Charge
of the Services in
Memoziam.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, July 15.
Oakland Lodge No. 171, B. P. O. B., has
taken charge of the arrangements for the
funeral of the late Harvey Sloper, a char
ter member of that organization, -whose
untimely death occurred yesterday after
an lllnes of omy four days.
Mr. Elcper was one of the leading fig
ures In Elkdom in California. He had al
ways headed every project which had for
its purpose the advancement of the order.
The liberal hand was not stayed by
thought of self In the young man's many
benefactions, both within and outside of
the lodge with which he had been so
prominently identified.
In his business and social relations Mr.
Sloper was unusually happy. He had a
wide circle of etanch friends, who have
received the news of his death with 6in
ccrcst sorrow.
Oakland lodge of Elks has named a spe
cial committee to take charge of the
funeral, and th» solemn rites will be con
ducted according to the ritual of that or
ganization. The family of the deceased
member has accorded the privilege to the
lodge of conducting the services because
cf the high standing and the popularity
cf Mr. Sloper with the order. .
The funeral will be held at 2 o'clock to
morrow (Tuesday'* afternoon from the
First Unitarian Church. An effort is be
ing made to s^ecure the sen-Ices of the
Pev. Benjamin Fay Mills, pastor of that
church, who is now on his vacation. If
he cannot be located in time to return
the proper officers of the lodge will con
duct the exercises. The lodpe committee
has Best out a special notice to every
?noml cr to attend the funeral Services.
The lodge will assemble at 1 o'clock at
the hall. 1107 B-oadway.
The organization will march in a body
to the church. The pailbearers. all mem
ber? of the lodge, are as follows: George
\V. KeM. M. u Fchleuter. J. F. Roor.ey.
A. T. Macdonouerh. Thomas Mulvaney. C.
H. Kantalic-r, Robert F. Boyer. J. F.
S'-arlon, F. P. McFeeley and J. Cal Ew-
Although the funeral services will be
p-jhlic. the family has reserved the privi
lege of holding- private exercises at the
interment.
Some men, are' Made ,by circumstances
and some are unmade. /
Interior League Collapses.
WOODLAND, July 15.— The Northern
California League is no more. ; Efforts to
Induce. Sulsun to take the place of Oro
vllle. which has withdrawn; have proved
fruitless and to-day the hope of main
taining the league. was abandoned.*Wood
land,' which 'leads the league, by a-com
fortable percentage, will be ' declared the
winner of. the pennant. -Arrangements
probably will be made for, a series of six
games between Woodland and Marysville.
OAKLAND, July 15.— The Plumbers'
and Oasflt.ters' Union has elected and in
stalled the following named officers:
President, A. C. Leffler; vice . president,
J. E. Ayers; financial secretary, . Al Poul
son; corresponding eecretary, Sam J.,
Donohue; treasurer. George Fitzgerald;
sergeant at arms. Frank Hamb. Board
of trustees, William Sullivan, J. W.
Coots, George F. Bernard, Bruce
Inghram, F.' W. Petersen.
Plumbers' Union Elects Officers.
BERKELEY. July 15.— Two large ship
ments of book3 to the University of Cali
fornia library are due next week from
London. One Is through purchase by. the
gift from Mrs. E. Hutchinson of Burton-
Latimer, England. The latter Is a collec
tion on Quakers and fs exceedingly rare
and valuable. *
Rare Books for Library.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 15.
Two important steps in the development
of Oakland were taken to-day. The first
move toward the construction of the tun
nel road into Contra Costa County was
made by the Board of Supervisors and
ground was broken for the new postoffice
building.
The tunnel road has long been a cher
ished plan In Oakland. The. greater part
of the road was built as a toll road twen
ty years ago by L. W. Kennedy. The
tunnel was even then started, but- funds
gave out and the road ¦was never com
pleted. The people of Oakland have been
trying for years to find some means of
finishing the road and diverting into Oak
land some of the trade and travel from
that portion of Contra Costa County. But
the Supervisors always held that they
had no power to construct a tunnel be
tween counties, and private funds could
never be secured.
The people of Oakland went before the
last Legislature and secured the -passage
of an act that would enable the Board3
of Supervisors of Alameda and Contra
Costa counties to complete the tunnel
and build the road.
The first formal step was taken to-day
under the new law when a petition was
presented to the Alameda County Super
visors by citizens of Claremont road dis
trict asking that viewers be appointed to
open the road. The petition was signed
by Daniel McMahon, John Keyes, . W. D.
Pryal, Cafisar Young, L. D. Smith, C. H.
Allison, D. Garmaw, John Schmidt. M. C.
Fahey, A. McMullan. L. Heimbold, J. A.
C. Macdonald and M. M. Dunn.
The Supervisors appointed the following
as viewers, and the completion of the road
will now be hurried: E. C. Prather, J.
F. W. Sohet and Wilbur Walker.
The breaking of ground for the new
Postofnce was not accompanied by any
ceremonies and it was not a very impos
ing beginning. But humble as it was it
means much to Oakland, for inside of a
year and a half this city will have a Fedr
eral building in which to' house Its Post
office Sub-Custom-House and other Fed
eral offices. W. T. S. Hoyt, the Govern
ment Superintendent of Construction, has
arrived and opened offices in Oakland. He
was present this morning when • Maurice
Harty turned the first shovelful of earth
for Contractor Barrett and began work
on the new building:.
First Move Toward the
Tunnel Road and _.
Postoffice.
OAKLAND, July 15. — The Impression
of Intellectual power and personal
dignity and charm created by the
first appearance of the Rev. H. J.'
Vosburgh before the congregation
of the First Baptist Church yesterday
has generally confirmed the members of
that bo'dy in the hope that Dr. Vosburgh,
whose coming they have long anticipated,
is the right man to fill the vacant pastor
ate of this church.
TWO IMPORTANT
WORKS BEGUN
ROTHESAY, Firth of Clyde, July 15.—
The final racing trial of the two Sham
rocks to-day was over a thirty-six mile
course, from Oraigmore to Skelmorlie,
thence to Tomont-End, off Largs, and
back to the starting point. This course
was sailed twice over. A fresh strong
westerly wind of from thirteen to four
teen knots was blowing. The challenger
had the better of the maneuvering for
position, and led the Shamrock I over the
line by about three lengths. The run to
Skelmorlie was dead down the wind, and
the challenger rapidly increased her lead,
rounding the first mark at Skelmorlie one
minute and fifty-seven seconds ahead of
the Shamrock I. On the broad, easy reach
to Tomont-End the challenger increased
her lead until she was two and one-half
minutes ahead, when she encountered a
softer wind and the ex-challenger closed
up. Turning the Erin, off Tomont-End,
the Shamrock II was one minute and for
ty-three seconds ahead. . -
The boats could have fetched home from
this point, but in order to give, a turn to
windward the Erin steamed away and
laid a new mark off Mount Stewart. The
yachts then beat across, the Firth on
short tacks, the challenger gaining" on
every board. After a four-mile beat the
two boats rounded the Erin, the Sham
rock II two minutes and twenty seconds
ahead of the older boat.
Reaching ten miles up channel the chal
lenger outsailed the older boat, and the
timing of the turn at Inverkeep • Bay
showed a difference of nine minutes in
favor of the Shamrock II.
The boats then reached for Largs, where
the Shamrock II was still nine minutes
ahead of the old boat. During the run
home from Larps the Shamrock I expe
rienced a big fluke and -closed up her.dis
tance, finishing: one and a half minutes
astern of the Shamrock II.
On the last leg the Shamrock I was
helped by a rain squall, which did not
touch the challenger, and enabled the
former challenger to close the separating
gap.
The correct time of the finish is: Sham
rock II. three hours thirty-nine minutes
five seconds: Shamrock I, three hours for
ty minutea forty-five seconds.
The fluke which enabled the ex-chal
lenger to finish so close to the challenger
does not, in the opinion of the experts,
detract in any way from what is- regard
ed as a splendid performance on the part
of the Shamrock II.
: At the conclusion of the trials an Imme
diate start was made toward dismantling
the challenger.. Early to-morrow morn
ing her racing canvas will be packed for
shipment. After this is done her present
spars will be replaced by her ocean rig.
It is believed the challenger may possibly
start for the other side July 22.
She Outsails Shamrock I
Over a Thirty-Six-
Mile Course.
The committee on pulpit supply at the
end of a careful canvass of the available
candidates recommended him unqualified
ly. The minds of the members of the com
mittee were practically made up before
they had seen or heard him. Now that
the eminent clergyman has by his own
presence fulfilled all their, prophecies,
there seems little doubt that he will re
ceive a call from the church.*
Mr. Vosburgh said to-night with regard
to his impression of the field:
"There : can be no question . that this is
an attractive location and that It offers an
opportunity for wide usefulness. I like it,
and the people. Of course. I can hardly
express an opinion as to the outcome of
my stay among them."
A C. P. Baker, a leading member of the
church, said: ,
"It is too early to say anything about a.
call. In our church every member has an
equal voice as to that~. All whom I have
heard express themselves, and they have
been many, have been of the one opinion,
that this is the leader we have been
searching for. We have hoped that it
would be so. The church has awaited his
coining with confidence and expectancy.
He seems* to be the man."
NEW CHALLENGER
WINS THE FINAL
ELOQUENT EASTERN MINISTER
¦WHO MAY BE CALLED TO FIRST
BAPTIST CHURCH.
Eastern Divine Makes a Splendid Impression on the First
Baptist Congregation and It Is Regarded as Almost Cer
tain the Church* Will Ask Him to Become Its Pastor
LOOK UPON DR. VOSBURGH
WITH UNQUALIFIED FAVOR
Not Elks' Lodge Team.
OAKLAND, July 15.— Oakland Lo&g*
No. 171 of Elks disclaims connection with.
the baseball game which was played at
Stockton yesterday by a team purporting
to be a representative of the lodge.
11
Pears'
soap is not onlv the best j
in all the world for toilet,
and bath but also. for shav-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving stick.;
soap. |B|
All sorts of people use Pears' soap, all aorta ]
of stores sell ft, especially druggists.
1 t^vifc? '"*%& **
, x vflj>c pc rfijdioit W'.').
JBDtTLbU-'jHE mimLEra
; PURE-A5gQj^HQL£5aM0
. Used in tie Me<//cd/0eparfme/7te pf/fiS
U.S. ARMY § NAVY SERVJCEI
. JVVILL1AM WOLFF $ CO^ J
TfSAM FRANC1SCO,r ) DISTR1BUTQ*£J
. &ew<3r*of//r>/teHcni~O>':rtftU?<t0ottl+3&<THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, .JULY 16, 1901.
12
. : CLA mVOYANTS— -Continued. _- L
MME. CARLSON, medium and aatrologist:
horoscopes cast; lessons given, 60c; hours 11
to 1 and 4 to «. 148 Sixth st, room 22. ,
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
- ladles 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth Bt.
MME. HANSEN. card reader -and palmist;
past, present and future: 25c. 108 6th, 2d floor.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, . clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 60c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken ;tel.Howard 1S46.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
Mrs.- Ma] lory, clairvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 25c, Q. 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c;
ffents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;,
only 10c. 262 Minna st, near Fourth. ¦ __¦
MME. SCHAFFEH, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448^6 Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25o up. 6 Fourth st.' S '
CAPE SOME.
CAPE NOME direct; first-class, $75; second-
class, $40; first-class steamer sails in few
days. C. F. MOORE. 985 Market St. room 6.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDDNTO'S pioneer Cerpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; teL South 40.
BEATING, 3c j laying, So: renovating, 60 up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN*S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
833 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CITY Steam Carpet-beatlns Works. G. H.
* STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 8th at.; tel. South 250.
J*.. E. MITCHELL C&rpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng CO., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ORJPF.TS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. S Eighth st: telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS. ~
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
Columbian Law & Collection Acrency, rm. 85, 916
Market— Experienced, reasonable, trustworthy.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market at .
COTTAGES TO LjEflT.
WOLFE, 8—4 rooms; rent $3 50. Key No. 12,
next door. '
DEHfTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC^ 809~Mar^
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to I
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by. my
wonderful secret painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and pruaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 G3; fillings,
60c; plates, to: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy Bt— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowim, $3; fllUngs, 25c
DR. R. L.WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Et, corner Sixth.
SET oT teeth without plate. DR. lE gT
YOUNG. 1341 Polk St. '
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Sprpckels building,
rooms "23-324. San Francisco; tel. South 3S1.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
CSass rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country osiers prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES 1 Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$3 per month; ?30 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
¦ penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HIGH school stu.lentfl — The Weekly Geometry
Papers make home study easy; circulars. 3040
Sixteenth st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
. associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market St.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
High school students — Weekly Geometry Paper*
make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lesson g, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALirs Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
. founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students of
both sexes ;\ chronic functional nervous dls-
eases and habits cured. Suite 5, 141 Powell.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC,
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'g Eloctrlc Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT . OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.; 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHHUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 42G Powell.nr.Sutter; tt-L Black £072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
ficei nil kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOY3IEXT AV ANTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation in a
small family to-do light housework; Is a
-good cook; would take care of an invalid.
2222 Post st.
POSITION wanted by a young, active girl; fit
for general housework. Apply 980 Harrison.
A RELIABLE young woman from the East
. wishes a position as chambermaid, sewing or
"general housework. Call at 258^4 Tehama st;
no postals. ¦ • ,
GERMAN woman wishes to go out by the day
washing from 7:30 to 4 o'clock. Address box
4500. Call offlce. : ¦
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and carver, wishes 1 steady situation In flrst-
class. lunch house, restaurant or delicatessen
store; city or country; best references. 1:2
Eeventh st. ¦ .
COMPETENT woman wtefees situation; is a
good cook and laundress; city or country.
419 Minna st. - .. . t
A COMPETENT girl for cooking: wages $23 to
$30. Apply at 1712 Hyde St., near Broadway;
reference..
HOUSEWORK wanted by' a middle-aged
woman; is good cook; city reference. 865
Mission Bt., near Fifth. . . ¦
MIDDLE-AGED ' German woman wishes a po-
sition to do llsht housework,- plain ¦ cooking.
Call after 9 a. m. at 2 Chatham ' place, off
« Bush st.,' below Stockton. -¦. • •
NEAT, reliable young woman wishes to do
housework by the day. Apply at 513 Shotwell.
GERMAN girl wishes position as . chamber-
maid in hotel: city or country; speaks French
and a little English. Box 3987, Call offlce.
,YOUNG Swed^h girl wants 'situation . to do
general housework. 2S6 Lexington ave., near
Twentieth. '.. ¦" .' , . vV.V.-
/ BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 In an optical business t must cither be
- an optician or ba able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc. ; cash receipts ¦ about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician, 1071^4 Mar-
ket street San Francisco. ' '
FOR sale or exchange — For city or country real
estate, within 100 miles of city, a flrst-class
corner saloon, established for years; only two
blocks from Market st. ; elegant fixtures, large
rtock; lease and reasonable rent; good reasons
for fMling; no agents. Box 4332, . Call offlce.
MILLINERY store for sal* In tho thriving
town of Salinas; about 4000 inhabitants;
splendid location: rent reasonable; will be
1 sold at a bargain. For particulars address
box 218. Salinas. Cal. "¦
FOR sale— Clgarm, confectionery, storo - and
fixtures, ice cream stand; $150. M. C. COF-
I FEE, Petaluma.
CIGAR stores— Having three of them, I will
sell one or two. AUG. II. AUBIN, 1 Grant
ave.: no agents. ¦
$750— RESTAURANT in factory district: bar-
gain on account of departure to Europe. Box
•4455 Call cftlce.
CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply NE. cor. Folsom . and 7th.
$300— WELL-ESTABLISHED delicacy store;
neatest place across the bay. Box 3951. Call.
JOB PRINTERS— Good business and plant,
cheap; about $1000. Box £271, Call. Oakland.
WELL stocked fruit and chicken ranch near
Oakland; bargain. Box 22T2. Call. Oakland.
LODGIXG and boarding-house, 2S rooms, $273
cash; sickness. Miss Jonas, 100SH Market, r. 4.
WHO wants to Join Fastern parties in & part-
nershlp? lOOS^ Market st, room 4.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
821 Howard St.; no agents.
A BRANCH offlce for CaU advertisements and
subscriptions has beta established at 1096
Valencia St.
LODGING-IIOCSES FOR SALE.
H. OL DECKER.
1020 Market st-, opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
SC years In Business In This City
' Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming-houses, 10 to BOO rms., $50 to $15,000
150 lodging-houses. 6 to 600 nns., J.100 to. 20.0CO
40 flats. Stall rooms, 150 to 750
60 private homes, 6 to 25 rooms, $90 to.; 2,000
SI boarding-houses. 10 to 100 rms., $360 to 10,000
20 hotels, 40 to 200 rooms, $1000 to 8.000
40 grocery stores, $400 to 6,000
SO candy stores, 1300 to 1.800
40 saloons, $400 to 6,000
10 cigar stores. $300 to 1,000
£00 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
100 vacant lots, $25 to 8,000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $500 to.. 60,000
5 chicken ranches. $400 to 1.700
50 ranches, everywhere, $300 to 14.000
..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you. H. C DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
S30 Market st and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21, 22 and 2S. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. Seo list of bargains.
Q rms.; rent $1S5; gocd fur., carpets $5250
46 rms.; rent $150; perm., transient 2400
33 rms.: rent $150; Market; mortgage $S00... 2000
IS rms.: rent {50; perm, and transient TOO
MONEY loaned oa deferred payments; 1}» p. c.
12 nns.; rent tC, pri. board; good fur.... .$1000
10 rms.: rent $52 50; fur. carpts & loc. good. 400
6 rms.; rent $25; new hardwood fur S75
Over S0O houses listed. Call before buying.
OWTCERS of good lodglng-houses^ — Notice: I
have buyers for any good house that is offered
at reasonable price. To sell your house quick
list same with me. Send me a postal or call
me by phone— Mint 191L Same will command
immediate attention.
G. W. SCHWETNHARD,
917 Market St., opposite Mason.
ATTENTION, BUYERS'.
Ton may buy any rooming-honse la
the city, and pay for It
In monthly payments
from the profits
.of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
WINSTON Sc WOLF,
1026 Market St.
¦ Telephone Jessie 2211.
7 rooms; new flat; rent $25; corner $163
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $50; time........ 850
25 rooms; gocd corner; part cash 1500
4! rooms; rent $105; payments 1700
¦ 55 rooms; rent $100; paying horose 21C0
FISHER & CO., 335 Market; phone Folsom 1342.
75 rooms; price $50001(2 rooms; price — $3300
26 rooms; price 1900130 rooms: price — 2250
14 rooms; handsome; rent only JSO; price. .$750
22 rooms: elegant: rent only $60; price $1500
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
A WELCOME to all Epworth Leaguers.
MARION GRIFFIN.'
719 Market St.. by Call Bldg.; teL Black 1S03;
restaurants, delicatessens, stores of all kinds;
632 lodging houses. CaU at office for list.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. TV. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917 Market st. tnear Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1311.
A— "WANTED at once, tenants for new rooming
house; 50 to 100 rooms. A. M. SPECK &. CO.,
667 Market st .
$350 — LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms, furnished.
864*$ Mission st .
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Fri.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 1CS4 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkln Bt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough: Ellis-
st. car; sit., $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
! RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM,
j the world-renowned spiritual medium: advice
1 In all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,
1 deaths; unites the separated: mining a sp«-
! cialty; circles Sun.. Wed., Fri. eve.; letters
; answered. Residence (no signs), 33 McAllister.
JOHN SLATER— Circles, 25c; Sun. Mon. and
! Fri. eves.. 8:15:" Wed. aft.. 2:45; sit. ID to 4
j except Sat. & Sun. 1809 Stktn. nr. Greenwich.
; W. Gi KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 1?8 Sixth St., 2d floor.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle, 8 p. m*. ; grand testa,
I 10c: character readings. 50c, $1. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. HUBBARD! 109 Oak; dr. Tues.. Fri.. 8
p. m. ; Wed., 2:30 p. m.l0c;rea<Ungsdally,50c
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
, to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c: come, skeptics.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. PolkC60L
CLAIRVOYANTS. ' •
; MME. M. BERNARD.
j THE FAMOUS
; Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
. located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She
I reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
' scrlption of the past, reveals the present hap-
I penings and portrays events, to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up:- perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
-"HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking" a single question: cures
diseases without medicine: shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky: reunites the separated; makes harmony
in ycur home; gives accurate advice on all
• business affairs; Investments, minlng.oll: read-
ings by moil; send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
I WHY. If come people only knew that thev could
be benefited by my wonderful occult powerr,
j what a chance it would make in their lives;
! it would be brighter and happier and better
in every way: consult the genuine and she
will guide. you right. MRS. DR. VALIEN.
1523H Market st '
KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
REMOVED— MME. MONTAGUE. eminent
clairvoyant and scientific palmist: gives ad-
vice on business, speculations. Investments,
sickness, law. divorce; gives truthful revela-
tion In all love affairs: reunites the sepa-
rated; no failure. 116 Turk Bt.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 12C6 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
2§;« take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: Bend stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret; shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseasea by sympathy. ¦ 215',4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— secqnd sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor. queen of clairvoyants '& palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mail $L
1511V4 Market, op. Van Ness;.tel. Mint 1033.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason, medium: teaches
palmlFtry and mind telegraphy: advice on all
business; 4 questions by mail, $1; hr's, 12 to 8.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
falls: 25c and 50c. 1203 Mission St.. cor. 8th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist,' permanently located 1118 Market,' op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
HELP WASTEO—MAT.K Coi.
A— MURRAY & READY .Phone Main 5S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
...'...OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY
; RAILROAD MEN
60 laborers. Ukiah ....Frea Fare
150 teamsters, Ukiah $2 day
375 men to cut right of way. Ukiah. wages, $2
to $2 25 day Free Fare
........S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
175 men to work for the S. P. R. R. Co.. in
section, steel, ballast and other gangs, on the
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara and other di-
visions, wages $1 75 to $2 25 day; we ship three
• times daily; free fare; no other expenses; fee
$1 50. -
Blacksmith, 50c fare. $3 day -
Cook, R. R. camp, $45 '..-¦'. Free Fare
Blacksmith, R. R. camp, $45 Free Fare
- MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
3 carpenters, mine, fare $2 50. $75; 2 carpen-
ter B , build barns, sheds, etc.. $2 50 day; ranch
1 blacksmith, fare $1, $40 and found; 17 black-
smiths, machine, carriage, shops, camps and
ranches, $3 bO and $3 day, $32 and $45 and
found; 9 blacksmiths' helpers. $175 day and
$52 and 'found; gang edger man, Eee boss here,
good wages. • - . •
MINES AND LABORING ...
2 machine miners, good mine, $82 50; 5 single
hand miners, $75; 10 drillers, hard rock, $67 50;
10 muckers, good mine. $75: 10 laborers, sur-
face work, mine. $30 and found; 25 laborers,
quarry, $60; 5 laborers, $38 and found; 5 la-
, borers, factory. $1 75 day.
SAWMILLS AND WOODS ••
15 lumber pliers, steady Job, $35 and found; 10
laborers, no experience, sawmill company, $35
to $45 and found; 2 tree fellers. $45 and found;
bark peelers, $40 and found.
-.. MISCELLANEOUS -.
Experienced milk wagon driver, city, $40 and
found; stableman, large company, $30 and
found; 10 men to handle grain, $3 day: 15 2
and 4 horse teamsters, Amador Co., $2 and
$2 25 day; woodchoppers and men to clear
land;, 150 men for hay and harvest, $125 to
$2E0 day; 60 farmers, steady Jobs; choremen
and boys; 10 ranch teamsters: 15 dairy men
and milkers, $30 to $40; hay balers; pruners
for orchards.
HOTELS, BAKERY. LAUNDRY
Cook, small institution near city, $35; cleric
for bakery, $30 and found; second baker, near
city, $35; 15 cooks, city and country; waiter
for the springs: 25 waiters, different places:
camp waiter, mine, $30; butcher, shop and
wagon, country; Ironers, country laundries;
kitchen hands and vegetable men; baker,
country shop; elevator boys, city; cook, min-
ing town, $40. MURRAY & READY. 634-638
j Clay st.
AT the California Employment Agency,
59 Third st, nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 4C5.
100 R. R. laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work; $1 75
to $2 E0 a day.
' ...Los Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions...
No Experience Required
Office fee $1, no other expense.
FREE FARE
6 harvest hands, $2 a day and board.
B lumber pliers, $35 a month and board.
3 miners to run air drills. $3 25 a day.
3 men to feed hay press, $3 to $4 a day.
Laborers, teamsters and milkers.
6 sawmill men, $30 to $35 per month and found.
A man to take contract to furnish 50,000 tons
of rock. .
WANTED— Cellarman of experience; wholesale
liquor house; references required. Address
box 3931, Call offlce.
WANTED— 10 first-class lathers, $4 50 per day.
which is $1 above union wages. Apply Sut-
ter and Hyde sts.
WANTED— Experienced salesman for a retail
grocery. H. HOLLMAN, 2807 Mission Bt.
"WANTED— For 3 weeks, first-class painter. P.
O.. box 361, St. Helena, Cal.
PRESSER wanted on coats at HENRX" HILPS',
104-106 Battery .st. ; steady work; good wages.
WANTED— Cook in !>mall restaurant. 1913
i Central ave., bet. California and Sacramento.
WANTED— Good bootblack; one who has
worked in barber shop. 7 Powell st.
GOOD boy, well recommended, to run er-
rands. O. W. NORD'WELL. 117 Montgomery.
STRONG boy wanted; one willing to work. Ap-
ply 152 New Montgomery it
WANTED— A man who understands nursery
work and Jobbing, gardening. 500 Halght st
WANTED— Good waiter. Golden West Hotel.
WANTED— Night cook. Royal Coffee House,
533 Broadway.
WANTED- Second cook. Tlvolt Cafe. 18 Eddy
street.
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith and helper. 537
Brannan st
WANTED— Bootblack. 1903 Fillmore St.
WANTED— 6 painters. Apply ' HELLWIG &
LEGALLETT'S Tannery, South San Fran.
TAILOR and preaser at 423 Ninth St., Oak-
land; steady work; good wages.
FOR eale — 2-chalr barber shop cheap; account
of sickness. 206 Leavenworth st.
WAREHOUSEMEN and grain handlers are
hereby notified to remain away from Port
Costa and Crockett until further notice. By
order Bay Counties "Warehousemen's Protec-
tive Association No. 9228.
BARBERS— 5-chalr 6hop connected with 10 ele-
gant bathrooms; this is one of the best pay-
ing shops in city: can be bought reasonable
if called immediately. STOLTZ. 723 Market.
MEN to take lessons in self-shaving; will *be
of lasting benefit to you; terms reasonable.
Boston Institute of Autoshaving. 105 Ellis st,
room 31. 10-12 a. m., 1-4 and 6-8 p. m.
WANTED — At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers;' also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
"WANTED — By a leading fire Insurance offlce
for outside work, a party well acquainted and
connected. Box 3998, Call offlce.
i GOOD solicitor and collector, industrial insur-.
¦ ance; salary- advanced. N. COHEN, assistant
; superintendent, San Rafael. '
¦WANTED — Cigar clerk; good wages; must be
acquainted - in city; references wanted. Ad-
dress box 4-428. Call office.
FREE HOMES SOLDIERS'
Declaratory statements filed at 630 Market
st. SMITH & HOWE.
WANTED— Young man with some cash; $30
month and board: no exp. Restaurant, 406 4th.
CONFECTIONER on pies, cakes and candy.
Apply or address £03 Valencia st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD boy who understands bookbinding. MY-
SELL. ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay st.
MEN wanted to learn the barber, trade: only
8 weeks required; 2 years' time saved by our
1 method; examination and diploma given
free; complete outfit of tools donated; special
Inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
SOLDIERS wanted learn the barber trade; spe-
cial inducements: situations guaranteed after
8 weeks' practice; call or write at once for
special offer and free catalogue. MOLER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay st. /--i..;
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. £63 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 5C0 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c. 241 Third st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
1 WINCHESTER House. 44 Thtrd St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch-office, 2200 Fillmore st.
r— »^ — — —^^^^^^^^— ,^—^i^^^^
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ONE good strong one-horse express wagon.
1370 Turk st.
40 HEAD of work and driving, horses: 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED. —
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 2$ Montgom-
' en' f-t. room 25. . .
.. • HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
, cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ALAMEDA— To * lease. Ideal home; beautiful
residence. .9 rooms, furnished or unfurnished-
marine view: sunny corner; flowers and fruit-
photos at office. BURNHAM & MARSH CO.*
20 Montgomery st.
WANTED-A lodging-hcuse. f rom lTtoTn rms"-
cash payment: state price. Box 373?, Call.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2Hc; save/i
fire In ranse; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready no
danger from explosion: sold on installments;
call and see it In operation. RIBBON
• WATER-HEATING CO., Exam. bldg.. r. 607.
. LOST AJT1> JFOUTD.
LOST— On train between San Rafael and San
Francisco, gray purse with $4 and stamp
photos- valuable to owner as keepsake.
Finder" please return to «X) Parrott building.
LOST— Saturday, lady's gold watch and pin
¦ attached. Liberal . reward It returned to 4
Post court, off Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
LOST— Sunday. 1 p. m. train to Oakland.
- satchel containing chlld'a clothing. Leave at
26 Post St.; reward.
LOST— Pocketbook containing $10 in gold, "ltttla
silver and keys. 1546 Howard st ; reward.
LOST— Alamo Square, Fulton. Stelner. McAl-
lister sts.. gold spectacles, • black case; re-
ward. 9C0 McAllister st.
HORSESHOE diamond ring. July 12, on Pow-
ell-st car bet. Bush and . Market sts. or
Hayes-st car bet. Powell and Franklin. Lib-
eral reward if returned to JOHN T. GIBSON.
• 1204 Market St.
LOST— On Sunday. July 14, bet. Ross station.
Marin Co.. and JJnlon-st. cars to Lagnna St.,
; a diamond brooch. • Liberal reward ir re-
turned to 424 Parrott building. ¦
LOST— From 434 Sixtieth St., Oakland, loiig^
haired black and white collie dog, valued
as baby's playmate. .Reward if returned to
434 Sixtieth bx.. Oakland.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolt*.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
¦end 10c for latest list. MR3.HERTZ. 70« E1U»
MATTRESSES ASH FILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st-j
tel. Bush 421. .
MEDICAL. *
A — RENOWNED specialist; these who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps tha unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain:
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment. $4;
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St.. 9. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; tho
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
MRS DR.'WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladles' specialist; 28
years' successful practice: guar. treatment at
offlce: any ailment; private horn© for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
DR. and Mrs. Davies. 122S Market; our regula-
tor is a treatment superior to others, has
brought health and happiness to thousands oC
anxious, suffering and despondent women;
offlce treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all femal«
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address la tbo
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE,
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN. 395-197 Fremont «t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
cne floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ON acount -of vacating present location and
moving to new works we offer for sale — for
removal — our present buildings, consisting of
machine shop, foundry and boiler shop, -with
traveling cranes. Risdon Iron Works, Beala
and Howard sts.
AIR compressor. 3 sizes. 5. 10. 20 stamp mills;
30 minlnjc cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water nower. J. B. Jardlne. 220 Fremont.
BANK counter. 90 feet; cut up to suit: must
s-11 before August 1. F. G. JONES. 1113 Web-
ster St.. Oakland; phone Main 211.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WillTELAW. 216 Spear st.
ALL' kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
A— 37x52; 2-roIler Campbell press: flna condi-
tion. Address box 3023. Call offlce. '
A — $3 EO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
AT 3c roll, wallpaper, painting, paper hang-
ing. 1302 Webster st.; tel. Jackson 1321.
WE pay big prices for ladles' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton st. ,
lOO.OOO HARD bricks and 6CC0 good slates at
Mission and Anthony sts.
WANTED— To sell old Spanish coins! Address
box 3792. Call offlce.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission St.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White, 616 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
"WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-111 Market St., San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN 5AFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 133 Beale St.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. C^.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post at.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ALL unused check stamps bought; 2e:. loose or
Imprinted: also all documentary and proprte-
tary stamps. R. GARVEY. 1003 Call building.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.: tel. Folsom- 2522.
mo5et to loan.
aa— man^a^anTIoan^Eompany
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City &
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loan<*
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase-
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAX-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor.Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages «
Undivided interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terma before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 830 Market st. loans oa
first and second mortgages. Interests In es-
tates, undivided Interest* In 'real estate, lega-
cies, etc.; If your property is mortgaged and
you need more money, see HERMAN MUR-
PHY. 630 Market st.
A — MONET to loan at rates which peopla cart
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9C6 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mininsj
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 34G Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country: aee me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. J0I Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth*
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.*
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal-
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister!
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. V.
J% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal-
no commission; private. Boom 8L • Eddv «i.
EMPLOYMENT ' WANTED— FEMALE.
A THOROUGH fitter and : trimmer on ladies'
tailoring and house suits wishes engagements;
. $1 50 per day. 244 Taylor st. . ¦; .. \ '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25o to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
18 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A GERMAN woman wishes to work by the
j day-at washing and housecleaning. . Call at
629 Post St.. M. ,G. ¦"
YOUNO' girl wishes situation as saleslady; no
experience. . 815VJ Fourteenth st. . ¦-." '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia, st. ' .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
A— TRUSTWORTHY man (Dane) wants situa-
tion in city as gardener and horseman, etc.;
good home more an object than wages; best
of references. M.' B., box 3931, Call office.
WANTED— Permanent position by a middle-
aged man, . stranger in city; steady and reli-
able and of fair education. Box 449S, Call.
MAN handy with tools can do varnishing or
painting, would like work by day or month.
Address box 4439, Call, office.
BUTCHER , single, German bom, good experi-
ence, . wishes position; city or country- Ad-
dress Butcher, 435 Pine st. ¦ "
GERMAN- from East, married sober, honest,
wishes position In restaurant or hotel; all-
round kitchen man; city work only. Address
131 Perry st. , rear. • ¦
WANTED-Sltuation by handy man to work
for rent of furnished room; write particulars.
Box 3797. Call office. [
YOUNG man wishes to hoar of a position In
grocery store or saloon; city experience; flrst-
cla6a reference. Box 3933, Call offloe. '
WANTED— Position by flrst-class American
cook in private family or camp; good refer-
ence. ¦ Address box 8930. Call office.
BUSINESS man wants employment; would in-
vest some money; best referenoee. Box 3814,
Call office. /. - '
YOUNG man. 22, would like to learn good
trade. Address C. W.. room 108, 1236 Market.
MIDDLE-AGED French gardener wishes situ-
ation, in private family; speaka French and
German, but not much English; worked 20
years at Parts and 6 months in this country.
'Address ERNEST BOEGEL, 212 San Pablo
ave., -Oakland. - : ¦
GROCERY clerk wishes situation. Address
box 3966, Call office.
WANTED — Position In a grocery store; speaks
German. French and English. Address box
8796, Call office.
A STRONG, willing young man desires a posi-
tion afternoons. Address box 8800, Call. . ' . •
WANTEI>— Position by a flrst-class coadhman:
thorough horseman and good all-around man;
also good gardener; best of references given.
Box 3S05, Call office.
CAKE baker, young man. wishes steady posi-
tion ns good second hand; city or country.
Cake Baker, box 3862, Call offlce. -
MIDDLE-AGED man familiar with tha city
wants to drive and take care of 1 or 2 horses.
Box 3303, Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as nurse or attendant ; ac-
quainted with the massage treatments; also
the different vapor baths as applied rheu-
matlo diseases. Box 3990. Call. '
WANTED-^A. position cutting wood with privi-
lege of raising a few chickens, eto.; must ba
a long Job, Box 2983, Call.
A GOOD reliable man wants position to de
liver in city; has experience and good ref-
erences. Address A. B., box 3923, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man (Danish) with wife and one
child year and a half old wishes situation
on country place; man good gardener, horse-
man and understands that work thoroughly;
wife good cook If required; reliable In every
respect; flrst-class references. D. N., box
3801, Call offloe.
YOUNG man 23, honest and reliable, wishes
position as driver for a wholesale or retail'
house. Box' 4464, Call offlce.
YOUNG man experienced in general offlce
work would like situation. Address box
3926, Call office. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been , established at 1036
Valencia si. ' . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
15 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EXCHANGE.
WISH to exchange good real estate In San
Jose; well improved; 5 50-varas, with large
bearing trees, all kinds of fruit: price $10,000;
for ' San Francisco property.- Box 4S13. Call.
FEATHERS^nJEyoyATED^^^^
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st. : phone Capp 2CS2. -
FLATS TO LET.
$37 50— UPPER flat on Larkln, between Jackson
and Pacific, 7 rooms, etc.; brand new; light
and sunny; never yet occupied.
$32 50 for lower 7 rooms and $40 for upper
9 rooms, on Fillmore St., between Green and
Union; both flats light and. sunny and brand
new. LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
HOUSES, COTTAGES. FLATS TO LET.
1126 Leav*wth; h.,Sr.$S2 921 Buchanan; f. 6 r.$30
2118 Central av. h lOr 50 1618 Bush; f. 9 r .30
1178 Ellis; f. S r 43 2427 Sutter; c. 6 r.... 22
1521 O'Farrell: f. 7 r. 37 418 Clayton; f. 5 r.. 21
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
FINE, '2132— 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; flne ba3cment. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st. • .
IF you are looking for houses, flats, cottages,
stores, call at PATTERSON & CO.'S, 11
City Hall square.
SUNNY upper flat, 5 rooms; yard; rent rea-
sonable. 126& Fern ave., off Polk St.. near
Sutter. . -
A FINE flat of 6 rooms and bath at 4585
Eighteenth St.; flne view.
BOWIE ave.. 5— A flat of 3 rooms; bay-window;
cheap rent to a small family. ¦
FLAT of 4 rooms to let. 673 Clementina St.,
near Eizhth. " - ¦
NEW fi-room flat; faces park. 64 Partola st,
off Waller, .west of Stfflner.
SUNNY bay-window flat: seven rooms and '
bath. Corner Dolores and Fifteenth sts.
2 MODERN flats; one a corner; 8 and 9 rooms,
2 kitchens in each; $30 and $35. 417# Third Pt.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURMSHE3.
?300 BUYS an elegantly furnished 4-rcom flat;
part cash: rent $22. 710 Jones, nr. Pleasanton.
FLATS WASTED.
3
WANTED— Near the park or in desirable part
. of Mission, below Twentieth st, furnished
flat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults;
rent reasonable. Address immediately box
4457, Call offlce. '¦ -
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3917. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. .
Will furnish your house on monthly payment*.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
.4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $43 50, with No. 7
rangs. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— Fine bedroom ' set cheap. Apply
1506 Pacific ave. ; - -
FURNITURE WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1482 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; ph'one Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 92S Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk 694:
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted ; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave. .
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
J
MRS. M. El DAY. ...........335 Geary st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, mountain resort, fare paid;
16 waitresses, mountain springs and coast re-
sorts, $20 and $25; 5 waitresses, city, $20; 3
chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 I chamber-
maids, $1S. * ¦ ' .
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. '
Cook, no washing, country. $30; cook and sec-
ond g"irl, same family; 3 flrst-class : house
girls, $25; many young girls, $20 and $15;
nurre, children's home, $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY....... ....... ...235 Geary st
EXPERIENCED girls wanted at bookfolding
and sewing; first-class wages. Apply at Mc-
Intyre's Bindery, 422 Commercial st.
: A GIRL to do; general housework; must be
j good' cook; two in family. Apply morning,
1 - 1453 O'Farrell St. ' ;
OPERATORS on ladies' and children's wear;
• . steady work. BAUER BROS., 21Sansome st.
-GIRL for general ¦ housework and,' plain cook-
I ing; small' family; good wages. 776 McAl-
I lister st. • , .- ;-
. COMPETENT cook; ;wme 'housework. \ 1002
1 *Van Ness ave^: near O'Farrell st, forenoon.
HEp, WAKTED-.FEMALE C011.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses. Coronado beach, rate fare...$20
,3 waitresses, same countryhotel .'..$25
I 2 waitresses, Visalia. fare paid $25
I 2 waitresses, commercial hotel, see party
here $25
Waitress, St. Helena, fare paid $20
Waitress, Berkeley $20
. Waitress, mining town, fare paid $20
• Waitress, Red Bluff, fare paid.... $20
Waitress, State of Nevada, fare paid $20
3 waitresses, springs^ fares paid ...........$20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz ..$20
Waitress, nurses' hall, Watering resort.... $£Q
. Waitress. Sausallto • $20
10 waitresses, city J20
2 fancy .ironers. Southern California, rate
fare .$35
Plain lroner, Santa Rosa $40
Shaker out and assist on mangle... $1 day
¦ Protestant woman, institution ...$20
Starcher, country hotel, south ;$35
Chambermaid to wait, Colusa, fare paid... $20
Chambermaid to wait, springs, . steady
place • $20
Cook, country, fare paid $30
Chambermaids.- city and country hotels.... $20
* FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Many choice, places In this department for
cooks, houseglrls, second girls, nurseglrla,
ranch cooks, city and country, highest wages
paid ; call and select. •
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A GIRL to assist with housework and care of
children; office fee paid by lady; see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED-^Wattress for family on farm, see
party here, $30; working housekeeper, colored.
$25; Swedish cook, 3 family, $80; cook, Stock-
ton, $30; £d cook, small ¦ wash, city, $30; 2d
cook and some housework, Alameda, $25;
chambermaid, $15; IS restaurant . waitresses,
¦ $7-$8 week; 4 second girls, city and country.
$20-$25; German Infant nurse, $20; 60 girls for
all kinds of general housework, city and
country. Apply to J. F. CROSSET & CO.,
31C Sutter st.
COMPETENT girl- for * cooking and general
housework; small family; J20-J25. 2320 Green
st.', between Scott and Devlsadero.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Cashier for first-class restaurant, city; wait-
resses, city and country, $20.
CORRECT and rapid. lady compositor; twenty-
five cents a thousand; no distribution. Ad-
dress box 3S06, Call office,
IRONER3 and operators wanted. $5 to $6 per
week to beginners. National Laundry Co..
472 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing; wages $20. Call 8 to 12 a. m., 213 Brod-
erlck st. -
SMART girls wanted to sew buttons on waists.
NBWBAUER BROS,. 507 Market fit., cor.
First -
APPRENTICE on custom coats:' paid while
learning. 411H Kearny st., room 2.
FINISHER on coats. BORCK & ROSENBERG,
135 Stockton Bt. . ' .
NEAT, plain, competent cook; some housework;
references.- 1909 Pacific ave.
NEAT young girl or woman for children's
nurse; references. 1909 Pacific ave.
APPRENTICES on ladles' hat frames. Apply
JOHN T. BYRNE. 35 New Montgomery St.
GERMAN girl; must be good cook; we keep
2 in help; will pay $25. 902 Eddy st.
WOMAN to do plain sewing and assist with
invalid. 100 McAllister St., after 9.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework and
baby. .1122 Ellis st. • _ y j
GERMAN girl to cook in bakery. 108 Ninth
street.
WANTED— Woman to do light cooking and
housekeeping. 1408 Deylsadero et., near Geary.
WANTED— A young girl for half-day work; no
Sunday work. 619 Sacramento, st.
GIRL wanted for light housework and plain
cooking; four In family; wages $18. 2024 Bush.
YOUNG lady for candy store. ROBERTS, 1301
Polk st. --.¦•¦ .
WOMAN for light housework and plain cook-
ing and assist elderly lady. 71S Franklin Bt.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
lng. Call at 249 Fourth st.
GOOD finisher on coats. 251 Eighth St., Oak-
land^
WANTED— First-class finishers on vests. 225
Fifth st
WANTED — Competent girl for general house-
work;" references. Apply 8 to 11 t m. 13 1
Scott st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
wages $12 to $15; good home. 4202 Twenty-
thlrd st /
WANTED — A competent girl for general -house-
work in family of 3; good wages. 2817 Scott
r.t., between Green and Union.
FIRST-CLASS waitresses. Apply CaL Dairy
Kitchen; wages $10 per week. -
AN active girl to help around candy store. Ap-
ply 1160 'Valencia st.
TWENTY girls to shell nuts. Apply 123 Clay
st., upstairs, between 8 and 10.
GIRLS wanted at Contra Costa Laundry, cor-
ner Fourteenth and Klrkham sts.. Oakland.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • -.
• ; HELP AVANTED— MALK.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
WANTED TO-DAY
Railroad work...- Railroad work
FOR UKIAH
Teamsters and laborers $2
FOR.TRUCKEE
Teamsters and laborers Free fare
FOR NEVADA
and laborers $2
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
Drillers, muckers, laborers : $2, 12 50
Outside drillers and laborers $1 75, $2
FOR COAST LINE
Laborers, ballasting gang ' $1 75
..Los Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions..
: SHIP TO-DAY :•¦
Free fare Free fare
Foreman for an orchard, $50 and found, see
boss here; German cheesemaker, $60 and
found; blacksmiths, $3 a day and $40 and
board: 6 hostlers, harness cleaners and wash-
ers, $60; 6 farmers, near city, $1 25 a day and
$30 and board; 75 laborers, company work,
country, $2 25 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Garde mange, country hotel, $75; attendants'
cook, institution, country, $40: barkeeper, J60;
pantryman, $30; 2 neat young men to carry
.off dishes, hotel dining-room, country, $25 and
fare; cupwasher, $25; yardman, $25, for sum-
mer resort; dishwashers and kitchen hands, |
city and country, $25 and $30.
Extra waiters, city and country: 2 waiters,
watering resort. $30; 2 helps hall waiters.
Eprlngs, $20 and fare advanced; 6 hotel and
restaurant waiters, country. $30 and $25.
2 bell boys, summer resort. $12 50: 2 extra
bell boys; 2 porters, country hotels, $22 50
and $25. ¦ .
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary st.
A— BOOKKEEPER, must be stenographer and
typewriter, for summer resort. $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary et.
MAN to take charge of gathering and drying
„ fruit, $40 to $30 and board;, fruit farmer and
wife to board men; choreman, $20; stable-
man, $30: choreboy. $15; milk wagon driver.
$35 and board; stableman for milkman, $35;
.2 milkers, same ranch. $30; cheesemaker for
small dairy; farmers, $26 and $30, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Combination office clerk: good pen-
man; typewriter: shorthand: a young man of
some intelligence and business ideas; salary
reasonable to commence' with. See J. F.
CROSETT. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Butler or valet for single gentle-
man; must submit references: no housekeep-
. ing: no shaving: no massage; English or
French preferred ; no objection to any na-
tionality: salary $50 and found. See J. F.
CROSETT, 62S Sacramento st
WANTED— Waiter and wife for country hotel.
$55: see employer here this - morning. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny st
60 R. R. laborers, Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare: 60 laborers for lumber mill, ship
to-day; 20 laborers and 20 teamsters, $2 25,
country, fare $1 20; porter, $30 and found.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.—
4 waitresses, resort, $30; 6 colored waiters, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st, room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
MEETING of Master Barbers' Association
THIS EVENING, 8:30 o'clock, at 102 O'Far-
rell st. S. HELLER, Secretary.
ATTENTION — Wanted men at . once to learn,
the barber trade; In 8 weeks we make you a
journeyman barber; we prepare you for the
examinations before the Commissioners and
secure you' a position; outfit of. tools free;
having 10O applications for help we. offer tui-
tion almost, free. San *Franciaco Barber Col-
lege. - 741 Howard st. ....
WANTED— Furnished or unfurnished barber
'shop, 1 or 2 chairs, with 3 rooms; reason-
able. 1215 Valencia st. ; telephone Church.
' 2673 to-day..
WANTED— Draughtsman: one accustomed to
detailing terra cotta work. • GLADDING, Mc-
BEAN & CO.. 1358 Market St., S. F.
BARBERS— An up-to-date, one-chair barber
shop for Ealg; clearing over $100 a month; in
,a good town." Box 3793, Call office. - ¦
WANTED— Cooks, waiters and waitresses; reg-
ister "at once; no fee. 127 Mason st. - . -
POWDER man wanted. to blow up a rock. For
Information call SW. corner Bush and Hyde.
BARBER shop for sale: 'money in sight; $70; a
special bargain. Inquire at Call office.
WANTED- Planlng-mlll manager. Address box
oat., can oince. • .
BAIC FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister etre«t; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln street; open until »:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22a Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
1096 Valencia strett; open until « p. m.
Northwest corner Twentr-eecoad *aa Ken- |
tucky rtreets: open until 8 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 P.- n».
BIEETIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5 R. A. M;. •
will meet THIS <TTTESDAT) EVEV J^
ING. July 16. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated JTJT
meeting. P. M. and M. E, M- degrees. • }
By K H fy P k Seerefalry>
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. SO. F. and m.
A. M-— Called meeting THIS (TLES-^#V.
DAY) EVENING at 7:S0 o'clock. D. ?\f\
8. Bv order of the W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. & A- m
M-— Third degree THIS (TUESDAT)
EVENING at "= 30 o'clock. Master M^\
Maioas cordially invited.
A. & HUBBARD. Secretary.
th H! tnemljcr» of tha funeral oom- ..gSPjSJ^.
rr.'.ttee ol Crerrnariia Lodjre No. £3*5£3?>Ss
US, L a O. F-, are requested to
meet aO.P. Hall Wednesday,
faXv 17 at 1:30 p. ra.. to attend the funeral
of our late brother. E. KRAHXER. By order
Cf G. X.1TEDEKS, N. G.
Ci H. HOLLING, Kec Sec
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. O.
F.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY)
EV **¥% VEU^CO. X. G.
SAMUEL POLACg. Secretarr.
PARKER Lofije No. 324. I. O.
O, F.— Installation THIS (TUES- £ggZ5»&~.
DAT) EVENING. Members and tKSHSs^
visitors Invited.
J. H. HTTTArF. X. Q.
B. P. O.' ELKS— The raemben of Oak- yuLJ*
land Lodge, No. 171. B. P. <X Elks, are <*T
requested to fee present at the lodge- ¦ Jf\
rooms, 1107 Broadway, Oakland, oa €a ->
TCESDAT, July 16. 1901. at 1 o'clock sharp,
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
HARVEY N. SLOPER. Services at First
Unitarian Cfcnrch. Fourteenth and Castro
ets., at 8 p. m. By order
HEN'HT A. MELVEC. E. B.
J. J. HASCXFIN JR.. Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the Austrian *
rter.evoler.t Society. V.'EDXESDAY KlKcS
EVENING, JuJr 17. 1*01, at S o'clock jgySJj*
ffcarp. Appropriations and dona-
tions. Our Slst annual picnic will *"*'
take place Sunday. August 4, 1901. , and the
question of giving a public parade will come
before the society. By order of
M-- PCANATICH. President.
DE •WTTT "W. TOLL, Rec Sec
ANNUAL meeting.— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spreckels Sugar
¦will be held et the office of the company, S27
Market Rt.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the ]
29th day of July, at the hour of 11 a. m.. for ,
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing rear and the trans-
action of puch other business as may come
before the meeting. The transfer books will :
close on Friday. July =6. 1901. at 3, p. m.
TV. H. HAXXAM. Secretary.
AGEXTS AVAA'TED.
HOn" THOMAS BRACKETT REED'S "Mod-
ern Eloquence." The second edition goes to
press Aug. S; If you are a bookman there Is
a great chance for you on the sale of the
balar.ee cf the first edition; plenty of .terri-
tory open; it's the greatest work ever pub-
lished. Call room 61. Flood bldg.
SCALP and fece massage agents. MADAM
RUGG. 1153 Market St.. between 7th and 8th.
ADOPTION. .
INFANTS adopted into good homes. MRS.
PR. FfXKE. 1416 Eighth gt-. Alameda.
ASPHALTCM ROOFEXG.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces, private; bankruptcy;
collections: damages; attachments: mort-
gages; bills of sale: fees low; open evenings.
THITRSTON. 1008'i Market St., r. 4, opp. 6th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, E50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. "W.
W. DAVDDSON, 921 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLAEK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREA'.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
care;sunny yard ;nr.school;reasonable.l607 Cal.
BOOKS NEW A5B OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 23S8.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUSINESS CHAACES.
A_|600; SALOON, est. many years In choicest
business part of this city; low rent; investi-
gate at once and you will find a first-class
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st. 1
A— JJOOO; GENERAL merchandise store, with
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab.
many years and doing a splendid business.'
Call R. G. WTLKE, 26^ Kearny st-
A— S900: SALOON, with '4 furnished rooms, 4th
and Market rts.; net rent {22; rare chance;
bargain. CaU R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— J700: COFFEE saloon and restaurant, near
Call building, clearing J150 per month; rarp
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26H Keamy St.
A— KS00; STATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee
notions with laundry route and route of all
S. F. dailies, across the bay, or will sell pa-
per and laundry routes for $1500. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St. ,
A— ?15<»; HALF-INTEREST, saloon on Kearny
tt., clearing $300 per month: lease; rare
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— J1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market St.: daily receipts from
$99 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A— f550; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; $33)
cash, balance on time; rent $60; located
Fourth st- Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny.
DRUG store, downtown; flne location; big
r money-maker; leritimate reason for selling.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market st.
100 CIGAR stands. 200 candy stores. 300 gro-
ceries and bars, 400 saloons. 500 b&keries, 600
Etores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call in and see what we can
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 8S8 Market.
YOU can secure a good, safe business and full
value for your money in cigar stores, groce-
ries, saloons, hotels, confectioneries, partner-
ships, branch bakeries, restaurants, butcher
Fhnps. road houses, delicatessens, livery eta-
bles. Name your business and I will suit you.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
S17 Market St., opp. Mason; phone Mint 1911.
$225— BRANCH bakery ana variety store; fam-
ily rooms. McLAUGHLIN & CO. 777V4 Mar-
ket Ft. ; established 25 years.
$300— CORNER saloon; bargain this day. iiT
quire McLAUGHLIN & CO., 7774 Market st.
$125— FRUIT store: bareain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777V4 Market St.
FOR sale— Hotel of SO rooms; close proximity to
San Francisco; newly refitted and renovated;
rent tl45 per month; lease to euit tenant; city
of 5000 inhabitants: only commercial hotel in
the city and making money every month In
the year. Inquire at office of RAILWAY
HAND BOOK PUBLISHING COMPANY. SO
Montgomery ft., San Francisco.
JI25O- CREAMERY business; all stock, fixtures,
machinery, cash register, etc.; thoroughly es-
tablished; receipts dsily $70 to JSO; situated on
Mkt_ where thousands are continually pass-
ing: chance never before offered; value in
sight; invrt. at once. Fisher & Co.. 935 Market.
IF you want to buy or sell your business caU
at the Boston Business Agency; we have flrst-
claEP lodging houses, groceries, etores. etc.. at
great chances. 1016 Market, opp. Fifth. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.
FIRST-CLASS location for experienced har-
ness-maker to open store; no opposition
Inquire at 22C0 Fillmore st. .
WANTED— A partner with 11000; business easy
und profits about J250 per month. Box 3S84,
Call office. ¦ .
LADY partner: email capital required; estab-
lished business. Box 3314. Call office.
5700— SACRIFICE: needs money: nine lots; near
. San Mateo carhouse. Box 3798. Call office.
A— GROCERY and bar; no better money-mak-
ing place in city; flne cash trade; trial given
before buying; owner wants to retire after
several years in business; gilt-edge chance; a
eafe investment. 326 Pine St., ground floor.
A BARGAIN— Grocery .and bar; established 17
yeare; leaving for Europe. Apply 157 Minna.
WANTED— Energetic, ambitious woman for
good business opening. Box 3999. Call office.
BAKERY, notion and candy store for sale at
a- bargain from ISO up. Apply at 2239 Mis-
sion Et., notion store, between 1 and 3, 7
and 4 p. m.Attorney Murphy, on behalf of "Sir"
Harry "Westwood Cooper, alias JSrnest
Moore Chadwick. made a motion before
Judge Cook yesterday afternoon to dis
miss the charge of forgery against him for
sendingv a forged telegram to Norine
Schneider, at Crockett, on the gTound that
the sixtyVlays had expired within -which
the defendant was entitled to be tried. He
argued that the time occupied In trying
the case wh<5n the jury disagreed did not
count according to the decision of the Su
preme Court in the recent Begerow case.
The Judge denied the motion, to which
Murphy took an exception, and the case
was continued till Saturday to be set.
"Sir*' Harry. Cooper's Effort Fails.
The chief feature of the regular Mon
day morning meeting of the Congrega
tional ministers was an address delivered
on "Kenosis," or the personality of Christ,
by Professor F. H. Foster, Ph. D.
At the regular weekly meeting of tha
Presbyterian ministers, held
morning-. It was decided to join -with, the
ministers of the other denominations In
a general meeting to take place on August
5 In the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion building;. The object of this joint
meeting will be the discussion of the ad
visability of Inviting Dr. Wilber Chap
man to come to this city for the purpose
of conducting a series of revivals. After
the business of the meeting' had been
transacted the Rev. Dr. Jacobs delivered
an Interesting: and Instructive lecture on
"Zionism."
Slay Be Invited to Lead Re
vivals in This City.
Dr. Wilber Chapman of New York.
UnriSTEEtS "WTLIi HOLD
A GENERAL HEETIZTQ
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A M Stevenson Jr,
Denver
O A Fields and wife,
St. Louis
Miss L Fields. St L\
O A Fields, Jr, St. L
Miss M E Hall.Plqua,O
Miss G A Bowdle, Ohia
E P Rogers, wife.Chgo
F-H Maher and wife,
. Macon, Mo
T A . Sanson Jr and
wife, Muscogee, I T
Mrs. A Z English.
Muscogee, I T
Miss Sanaon. Mus, I T
Miss Trent. Mus, I T
F Wood, Visalia
H Crankshaw Jr, Tcsn
Mrs. J Ballard, Bkley
Mlss G Ballard. Bkley
F M Ballard, Berkeley
G H Taylor, Chico
W Nordhoff, Los Ang
C E Homer, N Y
M C Osborne, Chlco
C Hughes, Red Bluff
F A Russ, Portland
G B Lampins. Seattle
G A Court wright. St.P
Lucl© B. Clark, Peoria
P T Sayre. Montgy.Ala
W E Lindsay. N. Y
P J Fisher, Pomona
C H Brown, Milwaukee
C D Clark ' and wife.
Peoria, 111
Mary V Clark. Peoria
A M Chase, N Y -
H T Weed. Bklyn. NY
Dr M Zelliggon, Ohio
Miss D L Jones, Ohio
Sallle Jones. Jackson, O
S A Poe, Kansas ¦ -
J L Pendleton. Cal
Lizzie Walters. Cal
Annie B Gustave. CaT
C M McLean. Des Mns
J H Topley, Vallejo
R T Wheeler, Stockton
Mrs A C Smith, Stktn
A Moltzen, Santa Crua
F H W Qtfnn and
wife. New York
Mrs S Matthena and
daughter, California
J H Cranson, Folsom
C E Burrows.W Walla
J W Dayau and wife,
Palo Alto
P H Smith, Ohio
J S Buch. Salt LaSe -
W C Alexander, S Ant
W S Lynn. Iowa
D D Ollphant, Portland
Mr3 Travers, California
S B McCullaga,LBanos
L S Chittenden. Hanfd
J L Cooper, Virginia
E S Caruthers, Mo
G J Kelly and family,
Ogden ,
H S Power, Auburn
J R Williams Jr. St L
H M Troupe. Pittsburj
J H Read, Sacramento
H C Lucas and wife, la
Fred Chanmbers, Iowa
M M Trainer, Iowa
R C Gerenz, Iowa
V P McGean, N Y
Miss A M McGeau. NY
G L Davall. Pa
C F Iddings. G I. Neb
W F Mead, S Barbara
A R Hoger, Salt Lake
J A Holway, Salt Lake
W J Burns, Wash.D C
J H Thomas, N Y
C E Woodbergr, Boston
J A McDowell, Boston
H H McKee. wfe. Ohio
Mrs J . Cunningham,
Bisbee ¦ .
A Drain, wfe. Kan City
F G Kins, Denver
F H Macartney. Phtla,
F H Kinsman and
wife. Santa Barbara
PALACE HOTEL.
F S Lusk & w. Wyo
W M Brown. Phlla
Miss Brown. Phila
C M Brown. Phila
L Martin. Phlla
J J.Lyons, Pa
A H Duncan & w. Mo
Miss Duncan, Mo ¦
Miss Wellman. .Mo
P A Coon, Syracuse
G G Hill & w. Kansas
S P Day & w, Cleveld
A J Jaynew, Nashville
W Miller & w, Ind
Miss K Young, N Y -
Miss M C Law, N Y
Miss E Davidson. Colo
J S Hubbs. N Y .
H G Laton. N Y
A M Finks & w. Colo
A P F Renton, N J
D Schwab. N Y
E Muenzenberger. Tex
A B Cohen. St Joseph
H Miller. New YorlC
G Fox. Cincinnati.
E E Kimball. Mass
W D Tyler, N Y
J D Moore. Tucson
Mrs W Garland. Ls An
F N Foster & w. N J
Miss A S Foster. N J
N Foster. N J •
C Cherry. London
C G Relter & w. N Y
L Harris & w, Los Ang
Mrs W S Coover. Tenn
Miss Coover, Tenn
Miss S Miller, Topeka
A G Hunt. Pa
C Weir & w. Los An*
H G Evans & w. Pa
P L Shuman, Cal
R .J Mingln, Medford
F A Hoyt & w. N J
Mrs Ingersoll. Rlversde
T H Means D C
W L Woodrow & w.Cal
J H Culm, Los Ang
C A Baldwin & w, Cal
U P Bingham & w. Mo
Mrs J W Davis. Mo
Mrs T Flint, San Juan
W E Powers, NY
H C Johnson, Chicago
G Muller. Cleveland
Mrs S C Corner. N Y
T Corner. N Y
M L Hughes, Kansas
Miss I M del Conte. Cal
Mlsa K Guilbert, Cal
J T Adams, Dubuque
D F Rose. Dubuque
C Yeamans, Denver.
J W Power, Springfield
C P Power, Springfield
J Underwood,. Chicago
E Fltzslmmons & w.Ill
W H Whittter, Cal
A L Bell. Ireland
C T Howe. N Y
D Black, Denver *C \
J F Alden & w. NY.
Miss M B Alden. N Y .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E C Campbell, Denver
R A Settle, Denver
8 Gorden, Martinez
F C Moulton, Clnclnat
L H Wheat, Clncinnat
P Bleng. Cal
M Holland. Redding
Miss M Holland, Butte
Miss L Hromey, Butte
A R Tanner, Indiana ¦
W A Tanner. ¦ Indiana
J O Derpin, Salem. Or
B^H Ferinsh. Idaho
F Wulff, Oakland
Sergt H L Dunton.' Cal
G Smith. Cal
J -Warden & w. Sacto
F Bloudln. Seattle
F Zimmerman, L Ang
D McCoskey, Benlcia
E McDevitt. San Jose
J F Walt.- Eastyard
Mrs W de Witt. Idaho
I R Hubbs, Montana
J C Hudelson. w & ch,
Aurora, Neb
J M Anders, Colo
C Rattray.N Y
A L Sutherland. Texas
Mrs'G H Sutherland.
Paris.. Tex ,.
J G Burges. Portland ,
E H Gleason, Denver
C D Eatonwlp, Mo
G H Gay, w & t am,
Stockbrldge, Mich
W Huntly. Seattle .'.
N T Thompson, Iowa
J L Smith, So Dakota
J C Smith & w, S Dak
J A Kester & w. Mo
Mis3 M Prendergast,'
St Louis
Miss M E Prendergast,
St Louis
Miss C. Francis," St Lou
A B Rankin, Ohio
C L Rankin, Ohio
Mrs Marbln. S Dak
J E Sheple. Boston
C Knight & -w, Boston
H -A Gude. Loa An*
Mrs C P Brown, Cal
Mrs E Lurcmn, Cal
N N Johnson, w & ch.
• Thornton. Iowa
M K Hunt & w. Iowa
H D Hansell. Clevelnd
W D Battle. N Y
H Schutz. Alton. Ill
J Guise. Alton, 111
C Kerrie, Indiana
A C Smith, Ann Arbor
H Hunds. MarysvUle
J O Duplns, Salem, Or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 16, 1901,
13
ALAMEDA
ALAMEDA HEAL . ESTATE.
FOR BALE. !„ ¦¦' •
Cottage of 4 rooms; flne location; $1500; offer
wanted. ' •
$1600— Cottage on Pearl st. ; lot 55x100. •
Two new modern 7-room houses, near Morton-
Et. station, for $27oO.°
S-room 2-story house on San Antonio 'ave.,
near station; $5000. j
Lot 130x107, with .all Improvements; near
Park St.; $12,000.
500x207 feet, with all Improvements; near
Park St.; $9000; choice property.
Beautiful 7-room house; lot 60x150; $5500.
10-room modern cottage; all on one floor; on
northwest corner.
$8000 — Price reduced to $5500; the most com-
plete cottage in Alameda; beautiful grounds;
must be sold.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
, 1424 Park St., Alameda.
ALAMEDA and Frultvale bargains for invest-
- ore and house-seekers on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished In oak; birdseye' maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated: lot 86x170 feet.
SPECIAL.
Two modern cottages, 5 rooms, and bath;
near staion; $1800.
.', A. R. DENKE,
Webster-st. Station, Alameda.
HOUSE of 5 large rooms, lor 50x150, for sale
cheap. Address box 3993, Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102, oft Polk St.— Three sunny
housekeeping rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 776%— 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
FOURTH, 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single.
$16; -ALCOVE room and adjoining room; gas
stove; sink; bath; tel. 1911 Geary, opp. park..
HOWARD. 1324—2 furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping.
HYDE, 412 — Sunny parlors & alcove suite, un-
furn.; basement floor suitable for boarders.
JESSIE, 476—2 sunny front rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping.
LILT ave., 108 — 1 or 2 furnished or unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
MCALLISTER, 538—2 or 3 nicely furnished sun-
py front rooms; sink; range; bath; laundry.
MISSION, 1217— Sunny furnished suite; all con-
veniences. . ' /
NEW modern apartment house; suites 2, 9
and 6 rooms for housekeeping; electric lights;
gas ranges; baths. The Malar Flats, 531 Turk.
POLK, 1002 — 3 and b room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
POWELL, 911>4— Unfurnished or partly; 1 to 4
rooms; also kitchen; range; modern improve-
ments; $5 to $12. ¦ >
SECOND, 212 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing ;" other rooms; clean, respectable, reasnble.
SEVENTH, 304— New front housekeeping rms.
for couple; folding bed; gas stove; $10; also 1
unfurnished room, $5.
THE BELL. 1773 Market — Sunny suites for
housekeeping, $10 up; singles, $6 up.
TWELFTH, 120—2 nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; select locality; private
family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Vnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.-^-Best $i a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARLINGTON House, 112 Kearny st.— Pleasant,
sunny rooms.
AT Shasta House, 246 Thrrd— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to 51 night; phone Black 4915.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DIAMOND, 40 — One* or two handsomely fur-
nished front rooms; suitable for ladles.
EDDT, 210— Changed hands; newly furnished
and renovated; elegant suite, suitable for
doctor or professional man; also single and
double rooms; running water; rent moderate.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. ,
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
$1 week and up.- . . . ..-. * _./ _ ,
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Pleasant
medium sized room for gent; reasonable; ref.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 TUrk
st., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary St.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in the city; steam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOWARD, 845— Two 6unny single rooms; gas
and bath; also double room. '
HOWARD. 1063— Nicely furnished sunny front
bay-window rooms; electric lights, stove, etc.;
reasonable.
HOWARD, 1609—3 sunny rooms; back and fruit
parlors; use of kitchen; private family.
HYDE, 1517— A large sunny and one small un-
furnished rooms; closets; connecting with
bath; $8; references.
JESSIE, 3S3, near Fifth and Market— 2 fur-
nlshed connecting rooms; suitable 3 persons.
JESSIE, 434— Furnished rooms to let.
KEARNY, J4, and 47 Pest— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
LAGUNA, 1131— Nice elegantly furnished large
rooms. • • ¦
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)-iN!cely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a""Uay up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 925%— Well-furnished sunny bay-
window front and other rooms; lower flat.-'"
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 CFarrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
PERRY. 39%, 4 blocks from Market, near Third
— Two nice rooms, furnished; private.
POWELL, 15— Changed hands; rooms, $1 50 per
week and up.
POWELL. 207 (changed hands)— Nicely . ftir-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
PRIVATE family: 2 front rooms; use kitchen
and washing done; $6. Box 4466, Call office.
ROSEDALE, 321 Ellis— Pleasant sunny room*
at very reasonable prices. ' ¦ , ¦
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
18; month, $8 to {30: elevator on ground floor;
- rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. ;
SHIPLEY, 236— Small front room, furnished;
reasonable. ' '
SHOTWELL, 227, nr. 17th— 3 sunny rooma, un-
furnished. s.;.> -. '
SIENA House and saloon. 410-412 Broadway-
Most elegantly furnished sunny rooms in lo-
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
SIXTEENTH. 2822— Sunny furnished rooms,
with or without housekeeping; every conveni-
ence. - .' ¦ " •
SOUTH PARK, 137— Large sunny double par-
lors; also others; private."
VALENCIA, 1171— Furnished large front rooms,
. suitable for doctor or dentist;- references.
$1 A WEEK— Sunny furnished room; also one
V front room, closet, bath, $1 20. ' S34 Folsom ct.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
' service; popular rates. 807 California st.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland; unsurpassed family, tab'e,' 25c per
meal; $4 per week: every accommodation and
attention. 1103H Broadway, cor. Twelfth st.,
. third flat. Oakland. - .
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
POWELL, ,938— A suite or single sunny rooms
with or without board; three car lines.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite. single; excellent cuisine.
THE Victor, 1006 Pine— New management; thor-
| oughly renovate'd ; sunny suites with board.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. -- .-¦¦
PINB, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.:
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine - sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.'
REAL ESTATE — CITY—FOR SALE.
ALL Genuine Bargains in This List. '
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
_ JI300 — Klght-room house on Union St.
$1500— Five-room cottage near Buchanan st.
{1600— 7-room house on Broadway; a snap.
J2200— Three flats near Mason and Sutter
sts.; rents ?2L
$2300 — Store and four rear II vins- rooms on
Mission st.
$2400— Five-room cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Market sts.
$3500— Store, flat and house; rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission sts.
$3750 — Two nice flats near Hyde and Califor-
nia tts. ; rents $37.
SS500— Ashbury-st. residence of 10 rooms,
Etrictly modern: maimincent view. '
$U,00O-Cholce flat* near Golden Gate Park;
rents $140; lot 50- foot front; third cash.
$15,000— Eight modern flats on corner near
Larkin Bt. : all rented for $145.
JIS, £.00 — Grand Investment; modern Improve-
ments; lot 70-foot front; near Jones st.; rents
5170; all rented.
$15,500— Near Stockton st.; on» tenant; rent
$120; lot 25-foot front.
$18,000— Howard st.. near Fourth: modern
four-story building; safe business Investment.'
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
CHEAP HOMES. ~~~
New Sunny Houses.
$500 Cash. Balance Monthly.
Only 20 minutes' ride from New City Hall.
Cottage. 5 rooms and bath $2250
Lot 65 ft. front.
Cottage, 6 rooms and bath $2500
Corner lot. 65x80.
House. 8 rooms and bath $2900
Corner lot. 40x85.
Choice location. Market-st. extension, be-
tween 18th and 19th sts.
Particulars HOOKER & LENT,
1* Post st.
RARE DOWNTOWN CORNER INVEST-
MENT. v
1 Block From Baldwin Hotel Bite and Tlvoll
Theater.
$72,000 refused 2 years ago for this property;
2 stores and 3 lodging-houses: 60 feet front-
age; will pay 6 per cent net on $75,000.
For further particulars apply to
• A. M. SPECK.
667 Market" st.
J1350— CHICKEN ranch, 8 blocks from the
street car, near Sliver ave.; 6 level lots; new
4-room cottage; chicken houses. barn6; a good
well of water; $900 can remain on mortgage.
S. WCAS. 646 Market St.
WANTED — Old buildings to be removed, build-
ing material any description. Dolan Building
Supply Co., 1611 Market; tel. Howard 2436.
ELEGANT flats California st. for sale: or ex-
change for Oakland property. Box 3997, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A FINE residence In San Jose to exchange for
city property. Call on C. C. SMITH, 630 Mar-
ket, San Francisco. . *
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BE TOUR OWnHlANDLORd] "" "
Cottage, 6 rooms. In good condition: conve-
nient to station; large lot; windmill and tank;
good water; barn and chicken-house; price
$1100-; $100 down, $12 50 per month.
Genuine bargain — Modern 2-story house of 6
rooms, bath, etc., on fine corner; central loca-
tion; 2 blocks from station; lot 40x130; atom
10 minutes 1 walk to university; price $2000; $150
down, balance $20 per month.
Owner must sell; make offer — New modern
lV4-story house, 6 rooms, bath, etc.; conveni-
ent to station and stores; lot 40x117; price $1800;
$1CO down, $17 50. per month.
NOTHING DOWN secures this new l^-story
house of 6 rooms, bath, laundry, tubs, etc.; lot
50x100; 1H blocks to electric cars; 2 blocks to
station; payments $20 per month. We have ,
others on the same terms.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin sta-
tion. Office west side of railroad tracks. Open
Sundays. HOME REALTY CO..
Formerly RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
$25,000— ONE acre of land and 12-room house
In heart of town: two blocks to U. C.
grounds; if you are looking for something
nice fee this. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$3500— New 7-room house; all modern Improve-
ments; fine garden; cherry trees; fine neigh-
borhood. W. C. MORAN & CO.
12200— NEW 7-room house; only $300 cash, bal-
ance $20 per month; flne sideboard and man-
tel; tiled sink; porcelain bath; cement side-
walks; gravel driveway;, two blocks to school,
stores, train, electric cars, etc. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO.
$700— 6-ROOM house; lot 60x130; good well ami
tank: $100 cash, 'balance $10 per month. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$150 TO $500— Acre lots. W. C. MORAN &
CO. ¦ ¦ ¦
$500— LOTS In W-heeler Tract: 60x135; finest
view In Berkeley; street work all done. W.
,C. MORAN & CO., Lorin, and Schmidt block.
"Berkeley.
FOR sale— In Berkeley, near university, 6 new
modern houses; small payment down, balance
*ame' as rent; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready to move Into;
water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures; shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board; 6, 7 and 8 rooms, from $2600 up; grand
marine view; cement walks, porcelain tubs;. 2
closets and fences. . +
Boarding-house, 11 rooms; very small pay-
ment down.
Also some houses to lease; call bet. 9 and 11
a. m.. or by appointment.
M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth bC and Broadway, Oakland.
$1050— FINE business corner lot; Shattuck ave.
and Cedar st.; 49x135; street work done both
sides; one block of depot. MAY & MORTI-
MER; .
$3750 — MODERN up-to-date home; 7 " rooms;
large lot; street work all done; near college.
MAY & MORTIMER.
J850— FOR 3 lots, each 40x125; sewered; near
schools: a snap for the Investor. MAY &
MORTIMER.
f?00 FOR lots on Grove st. ; 50x135; opposite the
new HiKh School. MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley, Cal.
No. 14S — $8000: 38 rooms; house new and newly
furnished; one of the finest boarding-
houses in town; one block from U. C.
grounds; the house is full of boarders
at present.
No. 165 — $5500; 14-room house; rented for 2 years
at $50 per month; this ls a good in-
vestment.
No. 183 — $2200; new 6-room house; cement walks.
No. 194— J50C0; 10-room house; south front; lol
50x120.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Opp. First National Bank, Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
• OFFICE— 1118 "BROADWAY.
• OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1600— COZY modern Eastlake cottage of 6
rooms, bath, ball, high basement, laundry,
brick foundation, double parlors, etc. (all In
good condition); street work all done; stone
walks laid; one block off San Pablo ave.;
handy to narrow-guage station; sunny front-
age: now well rented: bargain for a quick
cash sale, but terms can be arranged.
GEO. TW. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
jjSOO— AN elegant modern Eastlake cottage con-
taining 6 lartre rooms, porcelain bath, open
plumbing, high basement, cement laundry
tubs, brick foundation, etc.; lot 40x125 feet,
with nice open lawn; fruit trees and stone
walks in front and around the house; street
work complete; nice central location; near
cars and train; house alone cost $2400 to build;
insured for $1500; title perfect: no mortgage.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
, V<-' 1°° 8 Broadway, Oakland.
l&TcASH— $10 monthly; flne business corner;
123x120, fronting two main roads: superb soil;
choice climaf ) grand view; for business or
residence th! excels; come and look into this
bargain: only $590; time limit one week; it
lays near a flne 3-story school house; electric
car line, two churches, close by; 12 new nice
homes gone up within * months; adjoins East
•akland. Call or send for circular.- 455
Seventh St., opw>site Broadway station, .Oak-
land.' HENBY^jJONE^OTmBn^^J^^^
$300 CASH $20 monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
story house of 9 rooms; all conveniences:
large lot 150 feet deep, on Frultvale ave.: no
fogs nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
gain- price all told. $2750: will make terms
to eu'it or discount for cash. 455 Seventh St.,
opposite Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner. £
NEW HOMES •
On Telegraph avenue. .
Just Completed.
Entirely Modern.
8 rooms, bath and laundry: front and back
stairs; nickel-plated plun»bing; mantels, gas
fixtures, lawn, cement - waIRs, etc. ; lot 31x100;
all four of a different architecture. •
• A. J. SNTDER, ;*r
Real Estate,
467 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS _'. Ay_P_ JBQARD. .
WANTED— In Oakland, good home for girl 10
years old; references. Box 2273, Call Office,
Oakland. " - ¦ • '- --' : -' __
dAKLAIVD FURMTURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BSRTH and M3AL3.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12. 23. August 1. 11, 21. 31
SS. GEO. VT. ELDEB :
Sails July 7, 17. 27. August 6. 16. H
D.'W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt.,! Monticom'y. S.F.
LOWEST nATES.
PORTLAND, Op., ; :
And Short Rail Line from Portland to atl
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail cr «teamsTiia and rail, at
Only Steamshtp Xj1x»» *«¦
O. /?. & N. CO.
CHAS. CONKXIN & CO.,
710 Market St. Phone Main 5337.
Steamers sailing July 18. ..,:__;
Grand round trip excursion!
NOME!
We have certain special Induce-
ments to offer to freight shippers
and passengers to
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m .J Steamers Ieava Broadway
»^ "Wharf. San Francisco:
WfS»w-. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
BcBpSSifc. Julv 15 > 20 - 25 - 30 - August 4.
ly^iftSw!* Change to company's steam-
1 I»i£feffl5%«l ers al Seattle.
fiff?Sr2*l >*A^ For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
> E^SZjwr^af c ->. Port Townsend, Seattle,
f Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
-*¦* 11 a. m., July 15. JO. 23. 30,
Aug. 4. and every fifth 1 day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
> For Eureka anU ' Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
July 1L 16. 21, 26, SI, Aug. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
jrelea) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. ;
Steamer Corona. Wednesdays, 9 a. m-
Fos Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crus.
Montersy. San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harfonl
(San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and •Newport (*Coos Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay. Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; Steamer -Bo-
nita. Tuesdays. » a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo. Majiatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Gilaymas (Ilex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company" a
folders. ¦
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
T1CKHT OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEAH TRAVEL.
HYDE— In this city. July 15, 1901, Oliver
Hyde, father of Mrs. David ' Bixler and
Rothwell Hyde, a native of Charlestown.
Mass., in his eighty-eighth year. (Baltimore
and Boston papers please copy.)
ET'Friends are respectfully invited to at-
. tend the funeral services this day, (Tues-
day), at 11:30 o'clock, at the residence -of
David; Bixler. corner Union and Pierce
streets. ' Interment Dclvate. Please omit
flowers.
JOHNSON— In this city, July 14. 1901. Andrew,
-beloved husband of Gustava Johnson, father
of Andrew, Charles, Edward, Nalma, Saldle
and Katie Johnson and Mrs. Ellen D. Mar-
tin and brother of Henry Johnson, a native
of Finland, aged S3 years 6 monts and 19
days. . .
• E^Friends and acaualntances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Wednesday) at 2 o'clock from Union Square
Hall, 421 Post street, near Powell, under the
auspices of • the United California Finn
Brctherhood. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at his late residence, 23
Sherwood Place, off Third street, between
Mission and Howard.
JONES— In the City and County Hospital. July
35. 1901, Robert L. Jonea, a native of Eng-
. land, aged 37 years.
KEATING— In this city, July 15, 1901, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John Keating,
and mother of the late General Robert P.
Keating, a native 'at County Clare, Ireland,
aged 78 years. . ' x\ :
!E7"The funeral will take place to-mo»row
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1707 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
-Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Calvary Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. - July 15, 1901. Mrs.
J. J.. beloved wife of J. J. Kennedy, daughter
of Mrs. Eliza Noakes, mother of J. E. Ken-
nedy and sister-in-law of J. E. Fitzgerald,
Louis Berger and Louis Strohmeier.
KRAHNER— In this city. July 15, 1901. Ernst
Krahner, beloved husband of Mary Krahner,
. and father of Llllie, Charles. Freda, Emma.
May and Clarence Krahner, a native of Ger-
many, aged 51 years 9 months and 7 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, where services will be held under
the auspice! of Germania Lodge No. 116, I.
O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass. 917 Mission street.
MAHON— In this city. July 13. 1901. James
_Aloysius, dearly beloved and youngest son oi
Helene and the late Franklin Mahon, a
native of San Francisco.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the- funeral to-morrOw
(Wednesday) at 10 o'clock from his late resi-
dence, 60S Ellis street, between Hyde and
Larkin, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated" for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment fc Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MEAD— In this city, July 14. 1901. Henry H..
brother of Martin and James Mead and Mrs.
M. Dittrich and Mrs. Lou Cooper, a native
of Michigan, aged 41 years and 3 months.
A member of the Painters' Union of Oak-
land. " - -•'
(t^Frlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late
residence, 217 Paris street, near Brazil ave-
nue, off Mission road. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock Creek
Boat. • x
McLEOD— In this city. July 13, 1901. Angus J.
McLeod, beloved brother of Daniel and Wil-
liam S. McLeod, a native of Prince Edwards
Island. (Nova Scotia and Prince Edwards
Island papers please copy.)
07 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness
avenue.
MURDOCK— In this city, July 15. 1901 John
Murdock, a native of Ireland, aged. 65 years.
REINSTEIN— In this city, July 15. 1901.
Lydla, beloved wife of the late Simon Rein-
stein, and mother of Esther, Samuel, Henry.
Sarah and Kate Reinstein, Mrs. M. Hart,
Mrs. H. S. Reinstein and Mrs. H. Bernhard,
and sister of S. Collins and Mrs. I. Gold-
stein, a native of England, aged 72 years 4
months and 22 days. . - ¦
ItyThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, .at
her late residence, 2511 Sacramento street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemeterjs, by
11:30 o'clock train. Third and" Townsend
streets. Funeral services and interment pr}-
ROLLINS— In this city. July 14. 1901, John O..
son of the late R. R. Rollins, a native of
Maine, ased 53 years.
ICTFrlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 496 Fell street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. -
STILL— In Kansas City, Mo.. July 13. 1901.
Lottie L. Still, beloved daughter of the late
Mrs. Grace Webb (formerly Mrs. . Grace
Still), and sister of John H. and Samuel -W.
Still, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years 11 months and 6 aays.
TANNER— In thi3 city. July 14, 1901. James
IX. beloved con of Eliza A. and the- late
James Tanner, a native of Sutter Creek,
Amador County, Cal., aged 19 years.
VON BENZON— In this city, July 15, 1901.
Karl August, beloved son of- August W. and
Carolyn von Benzon, "a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 month and 11 days.
WALSH— In this city. July 15. 1901, Lafayette
Alcysius, beloved son of Patrick J. and Mary
Walsh, brother of Frank, Jerome and John
; Agustin Walsh, Mrs. Katie Eagan and Mrs.
' Mamie Holland, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years and S months.
(CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
MOXEY TO LOAN — Continued.
- ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONTY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. «4. Merchants' Ex.. 4Z1 Calif ornla.
LOANS money on ealary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. S09 Phelan bldg*.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
?;i Parrot! building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. 1IORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE WILET B. ALLEN CO.. S33 Market, S. F.
OBranch 851 Broadway. Oakland.)
W« sell the popular pianos of the day— Steck.
Everett Packard, Conovcr, Hardman, Ludwlg,
Baldwin, Valley G«m. Smith & Barnes, Har-
rington. Kingsbury. Jewett and Straube.
you cannot afford to buy a. piano until you
see THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or" baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; come good pianos sold for $3, $4 anC
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
st*.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth et., Oakland.
A SURE indication that the public is appre-
clative is the fact that our 20 and 30 per cent
reduction eaie,of pianos for July is such a
euccess.
Think of a S500 piano for $250. Such prices
•were never offered before. We Bell for cash
or payments. THE ZENO MATJVAIS CO..
763 Market Et.
ANY piano eold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
• price; costs ycu only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farr«U St.; established 1830.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
eon, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curias, 1
'-: ¦ Sterling. JT5. fl25, $145. etc; easy payments.
BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OFarreU St..
Chickering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
• Apollo, king of self-players.
. ALL makes; great bargain; $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; we want agents; pianos fumishe<J
free; you get first money when you selL
¦ HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
. JAS. KEEFFE'S piano warerooms now per-
manently located at 22 Turk et.. near junc-
' tlon Mason. Market & Turk: larcest in city.
¦ •^-^—'
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 installments: no re-
serve. WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market st.
PIANOS 575 up: Hartman, $100; Chickering,
$150; Nieuman, ?150. \V. C. HAMILTON, *
Flood building.
$2 6fi RENTS a fine upright piano: a few left-
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
EOH5IER, Byron Mauzy, Lester, Hamilton
tnd Speilrr.ann planes. SOS Post st.
PARTY pcing to Chicago must sacrifice hand-
some S-pedal upright piano. 7S2 Ellis 6t.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher, |S5;
Chickering. J1S5. Room 38. 217 Geary Et.
GOOD eecond-hand upright for sale cheap.
ECHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights, $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUEXX. 208 Post st.
JSO — FIXE uprigrht: baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
' A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for pale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
¦ A FIN'E upright piano for eale cheap. 837 Me-
:' - Alllster Et. -
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. it
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
HYDE, 1517— Basement brick, hard finished. 34
x40 fe«t; suitable for painter, carpenter or
storage; rent $8.
- FOR the choicert double stor* in city for re-
tail trade address Owner, box 4431, Call.
22S PACIFIC St.— Handsome. large store, cheap;
also 810 Eansome. store $6 per month.
LIGHT, cheerful ofices; J15 and $20. Emma
Spreckels bulldicg. $27 Market
OIL.
COSTA RICA PETROLEUM & V COAL CO. '
. . . We have Just received advices of the grant-
ing of the concession to us by the Costa Rlcan
Government. 'U'e now own over 50,000 acres
! of the finest oil and coal lands in the world;
• came Is also best tropical agricultural land;
the stock is as yet 10 cents per share, but upon
receipt of the Government documents will Im-
mediately be advanced to 25 cents. The stock
cannot fail to go to se\-eral dollars per share.
Call or «ct)<1 for prospectus to PACIFIC
STATES MINING & INVESTMENT CO.. 325
Poit Et.. San Francisco. Cal. Reference, the
Consulate of Costa Rica in San Francisco.
CALI6TOOA/ Oil and Development Company,
operating en 2120 acres of oiV land in nine
districts. Office, 23 ar.d 24 Merchants" Ex.
40 ACRES. Just north of Bakersfleld. $30, con-
ditionally. HAMILTON & CO.. 8 Flood bldg.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
nzes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. f.lS Mission »t.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house^palntlng; good, rell-
able work. Clark's, SCS Larkin; tel. Larkin 1060.
ROOMS papfred from $3 DO up; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. SIS 3d «.. : tel. Red i321.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. €17 Jones 6t.
MME. CERMAIXE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PERSOXALS.
A— EPTVORTH Learuers' downtown meeting
place at the Bon-Ton at S24 Post Et., near
Pom-ell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring. h£irdresslng or
bathE, £6c. All visitors welcome.
A— IF you hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DJl. G. BL MOORE. 483 Geary 6t.. and you
will net be disappointed, this remedy is posi-
tively gu»rant*ed: preparation sent to all
parts of ths world: call cr send for circular.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 41 Third 6t.. near Market: 700 rooms;
« ZT>c to ?1 50 per night; J 1 50 to 56 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. }15 up; fine dress suits. 120 up; ele-
gant overcoats. JIS "up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
Vv'HITE enamel iron bed«. single, three-quarter
or double. $2 £5. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1212 Stocktcn et., near Broadway.
WILLIE MOORE, sick at the house, 1200
Franklin Ft If father or mother see this
call at once.
. Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Si! verman. 9S4 Folsom;tel. Folsom 1131.
WANTED— Woman R. R. ticket to Chicago;
state price. Box 2SoS, Call office.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 836 Mission st.
SPANISH lessens given by a native Spanish
teacher. S13 McAllister St.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
heir to its natural color; Jl; at all druggists.
POISON oak cured In one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIES EATON. 1113 Sutter et.
TAILOR rfiade'puits, f7 50; dress pants. $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlcr. cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD cold, sili-er. diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market et.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO... 733 Mkt.
DI Li iAMOTTE ' s French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 20c; all druggists.
gginriiCMjw axd sukgeoxs.
D^ C « C , 0'DONNELL3o7flce and" rcsfden'ce!
1021 Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
• treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 113-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
.64-766 Clay St.: see testimonials at office.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
. midst; many who have suffered 10 to 20 years;
over £0 names of prominent business men
fent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for eale.
Particular* address Physician, box 19S0 Call
office. S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
j;03— A RARE chance to secure farm or stock
ranch; 220 acres unequaled grazing Govern-
ment land on county road. Htimboldt Co.,
Cal.; free & unlimited range surrounding; 3
horses. 4 cowa, young stock; house & out-
. buildings on place; spring water. Particulars
SKTTLER. Elcho House. 863'^ Market st.
BARGAIN— For • sale ' or to rent. 494 acre* 1
mile below San Mateo; level; can raise any-
thing; email house, etc.; fine climate. 207
Church Et.. near Market, after 6 p. m.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for eale: write for
***• Uet. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. CaL
ROOMS AND BOAItD 'WANTED. - _
WANTED— By 2 young ladles, room and board
in private family; convenient to business dis-
trict.- Box 4382, Call. J - -
SPECIAL NOTICES.^ ¦_[
SPECIAL NOTICE— Office of the Collector of
Customs, port of San Francisco, Cal., July
15, 1901 — Notice ls hereby given that the Com-
missioner of Navigation, under, date of July
10. 1901, has authorized a change in the name
of the barken tine "J. C. Pfluger': to "Coro-
• nado." Said vessel was built at Sunderland,
England, In 1874. ' official number 7748, gross
tonnage 1062; owner. J. D. Spreckels & Bros.-
Company. W. B. HAMILTON, Special Dep-
uty Collector of Customs, N. S. -F..
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans, half-
- orphans and abandoned ! children, also found-
lings, have been received in the orphanage
from December 31, 1900, to June 30. 1901:
Charles Dragler, 7 yrs. 6 mos.; Henry Drag-
ler, 6 yrs. 6 mos.; Antony Marino, 5 days;
Mary 7 yrs., Margaretta 7 yrs. and Joseph
Olsen 3 yrs. ; Catherine Gibbons, 5 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Catherine 9 yrs. . 3 mos.. Anna 7 yrs. and
Henry Mennors 3 yrs.. 6 mos.; Virginia Kirby,
;B yrs. 7 mos.; Rose 5 yrs and Lewis Passolot
I 3 yrs. 6 mos. ; Banodino Bartona, • 3 yrs. 3
mos. ; Louis Drexil, 5 yrsr 5 mos. ; ; Martin
Samuels. 3 yrs. : Ida Woldloff, 6 yrs.; Cliff
Kuntz, 2 yrs. 1 mo.- Harry Russ, 5 yrs.; Mary
7 yrs. 1 mo. and Bernice McClelland 5 . yrs.
' 10 mos.; George McKann. 5 yrs. 7 mos.; Ada
7 yrs. 4 mos. and Michael Doland 6 yrs. ; John
Larken, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; John 3 yrs. 6 mos. and
Evalyn Kessler 6 yrs. 10 • mos. ; Lucy 5 yrs.
10 mos. and Lizzie Giovanina 4 yrs. S mos.;
Edith Doland, 9 yrs. ; Magdalina 5 yrs. 11
mos. and Fulton Vannicl 4 yrs.; John d'Arsy,
3 yrs. 1 mo.; Mira 10 yrs., Ernest 8 yrs.,
Josle 9 yrs., Eleanora 5 yrs. and Katherlne
Gianetti 1 yr. 10 mos.; Mary. Smith, 3 yrs. 6
mos. ; Gertrude 3 yrs. 7 mos. and John Daley
2 yrs. 11 mos. ; Gertrude 5 yrs. 11 mos. and
Mary Sullivan 3 yrs. ; Irene 10 yrs. 10 mos.
and Raymond Doland 2 yrs. 11 mos.; Albert
8 yrs. 6 mos., Gordon 1 yr. 6 mos., Kenth 4
yrs. 10 mos. "and. Constance Heanery 6 yrs. 8
mos.; Katherlne 4 yrs. and Edward Slatten
. 3 yrs. ; Ellenor Edwards, 4 yrs. ; Olander Mur-
rey, 3 yrs.; Edward 3 yrs. 11 mos., Lewis 2
yrs. and Bertha Kavanagh 5 yrs. 5 mos.;
Elenore Brady, 12 yrs. ; Iona 7 yrs. and Mary
Gladwln 3 yrs. 7 mos. ; Mary 10 yrs. 8 mos.,
Frederick 3 yrs. 8 mos. and Bertha Louis 4
yrs. 10 mos. ; Dante .Tarrabori, 6 yrs. 3 mos. :
Katherlne Kaihi, 3 yrs. 1 mo. ; Gertrude 5
yrs. 10 mos. and Francis Kelley 1 2 yrs. 11
mos.; Mariana Purdee, 5 yrs. 10 mos.; John
6 yrs. 3 mos. and ¦ Catherine Matthews 4 yrs.
2 mos.; Margarite Kalsar. 8 yrs. 10 mos.-'
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society hereby gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been received at the asy-
lum on Haight st. from January 1, 1901, to
July 1, 1901: Angelina Wlllet, 7 yrs.; Delia
Willet, 2 yrs. 10 mos. ; Emma L. Hennlger,
4 yrs. 3 mos. ; Annie Kenyon. 9 yrs. ; Rachel
• Kenyon, 6 yrs. ; Minnie Iverson, 12 yrs. 10
mos. ; James Farley. 7 yrs. 7 mos. ; Raymond
Francis, 6 yrs. 4 mos.: Herbert E. Francis,
' 6 yrs. 9 mos. ; Martin Kvalvig, 11 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Albert Lake, 7 yrs. ; Harry Lake, 4 yrs. ; Clar-
ence Stephenson. 7 yrs. ; Charles F. Hennlger,
2 yrs. 10 mos. ; Thomas Semler, 12 yrs. 6 mos. :
¦ Henry Hanson, 5 yrs.; Arthur Davis, 9 yrs. 8
mos.; George Kvalvig, 9 yrs. 3 mos.; Herbert
O. Love, 6 yrs. 6 mos.; George Elliot, 3 yrs.
. 6 mos.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 5580.
MENTAL and nervous diseases will be ac-
cepted at hospital. 230 Douglass st., S. F.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWING BIACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon Bt. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates..
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore at.: phone Jackson 2S1.
3^ypewriters^and^J^plIesT~
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 53? California; telephone Main 266.
RENT, a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 48S5.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
NOTICE of intention to lease seawall lot No.
16 and portions of seawall lot No. 14— Office of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Francisco,
Cal., July. 6, 1901: Sealed proposals or bids
wlll< be received at this office at. 2:20 o'clock
p. m. on Wednesday, July 17, 1901. for leasing
all of the seawall lot No. ' 15 and those por-
tions of seawall lot No. 14, described and
Inclosed by metes and bounds, as follows,
viz.: Commencing at the intersection of the
northerly line of Broadway with the easterly
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Broadway one
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, thencs
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly line of East street one hundred (100)
feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degrees and thirty minutes (13 degrees So min-
utes) (curving to the right) one hundred and
; ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredths
feet (191.85 feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point in the southerly line of Vallejo street;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
to the intersection of the southerly line of Val-
lejo street with the easterly line of Davis
street; thence running along the easterly line
of Davis street two hundrd and seventy-five
feet (275 feet) to the point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described
as follows: Commencing at the intersection
of the northerly line of Broadway with the
westerly line of East street, thence running
westerly along the northerly line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 feet) ; thence running
northerly at a right angle to' the northerly
line of Broadway to the intersection with
westerly line of East street; thence running
southerly along the westerly line of East
ctreet to the point of beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities in connection with
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
said Board of State Harbor ommlsslonera.
Its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
and used are to consist solely in, of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be made and executed and the loading, un-
loading, ljauling and switching of freight cars
thereover and thereon and the construction
maintenance and operation of the usual fa-
cilities therefor— the hauling and switching of
euch cars to, from and on said premises to be
done and performed only by the said board
Us successor or successors, the lessee to pay
for such hauling and switching the regular-
rates established for such service by . or un-
der the authority of law or by said board, its
successor or successors: such payment to be
in addition to the rental to be paid for the
lease of such property. Said bid must state,
among other things, the purpose for which
said premises will be used. A statement . of
the bid will be embodied- in the lease award-
' ed. given and executed with a statement and
covenant that the property shall be used sole-
ly for such purpose. The board reserves the
. right to reject any or ajl bids. Blank forms
on which bids may be made can be secured
from the secretary of this board at his office
In tne building aforesaid, and the bidders are
requested to use the same. Said lease shall
contain proper terras and covenants to protect
the parties thereto. Said property will be
leased to the highest and best bidder.
; PARIS KILBURN,
RUDOLPH HEROLD JR.,
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON, Chief Engineer.
WM. P. ENGLISH. Secretary.
"": ¦••
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,'
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon, July
30, 1901, ' and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish for the U. S. Navy a
quantity of steel plates, shapes, billets, forg-
ings and rivet steel. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon application to the . Bureau or
to the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco, ¦ Cal.
A. 8. KENNT, Paymaster General, U. S. N.
6-29-01. . ¦.-... - ¦
.DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's ¦ Fund Insurance
Company, , San Francisco, July 15, 1901. — At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after July 17, 190L
. - ¦¦-. ¦ LOUIS WEINMANN. Secretary. ;
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93~ (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company . will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market street, on
and after Saturday. July 20. 1901. Transfer
books will close on Saturday. July 13, 1901, at
12 o'clock noon. • E. H. SHELDON. Sec. .-
; MARRIAGE LICENSES.
I The f ollowlnar marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
• Henry T. Hicks, 31, 419 Noe street, and Katie
Murphy, 28, 246 Twelfth street. . •
Arthur H. : Serei; 25, Sacramento, Cal., and
May A. Smith, 16. 3200 Sixteenth street.'
Alice . G. Faulkner, • 22. 34 Eddy ¦ street, and
Martha. O. Ewing. 20," Alamef*. . .
George M. Purnell. 89, Sacramento, Cal., and
A.gnes , B.' Wllley. ,21. , city.
Eugene -¦ I. s McCarthy. 27, 1120% Vermont
street, and Sarah E.. Sullivan, 22.. 1520 Mission
street. .' \ ' -¦. " \ . : . . ..-"¦•¦• : - .
Jeremiah W. Ragan, 38, and Alice Kavan-
igh,*3Q, both of this city. "-.-.'. •
• Charles A. Klose, 29, 413 ' Mason street, ¦ and
Lena Miller. 24, 221 Clara street. ..
Harry C. Derby. ¦ 29, , 234 Twelfth street, and
Eui.ice Speck. 26, Kelseyville. Cal.'
Charles S. - Brearty, 25, -¦ and Geneyleve Ross,
!4,both of Santa Rosa, Cal. ......
Raymond E. i Burton, 25, Presidio, and Delia
M. Fraser/28, 330 Eddy street.'
9:43 sum.. 8:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 13:30 noon. • . p. m., escape
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. . Van M
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and of*
fice. pier 2. MUslon-st. dock. HATCH BROi.
Steamers GEN. FRI3BIB or MONTICEUO
BAY AND ET7EB STEAMEBSL
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SVD AMERICANA OE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from Har-
ilson-st. wharf, 12 m.
ARKQUTPA ....July 17IPERTJ August 7
ACONCAGUA ..July 2l[GUATEMALA...Aus 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) 'Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. G«n. Agents.
Ai>4»9f&Il> C € Pii HAWA "' MaoA ' Rr *
oceanic s.s.co. asssas
S. S. ZEALANDIA. for Honolulu
NSaturday, July 20, 2 p. ra.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Aus....Thurs.. Aug. 1. 10 a. ra.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
- ..:... Tuesday, August S. 10 a. m.
J. D.SPBECKLS k BEOS. 60., Braral Agents. 327 HartatSl
Gen'l Passenger Otfc, 643 Harlot St., Pisr I o. 7. Pacific St
C0a?A8KIE GENSRALB TRA38ATLANTIQU2
DRIECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. »«B^H»
North River, foot of Morton street; La Bre-
tagne. July 25; La Champagne. August 1: La
Gaacogne. August 8; •L'Aqultaine, August 13.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES'and CAN-
ADA v 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Exoress Steamers.
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, .330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
S. S. Argyll *.am Satur ! iy. Aug. 10
S. S. Leelanaw sails Tuesday, Aug. 2T
S. S. Ar&vll at\m Tuesday. Sept. 24
PANAMA R. R, s Sf
TO. HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, 3105; Steerage. $40.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
Indla.> etc. No cargo received on board on
day of tailing.
ES. NIPPON MARU.. .Wednesday. July 17. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.. ..Saturday. Aug. 10. 1931
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. September 4. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of2c%
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 13 noon.
Pennland July 24 1 Kensington ..August 14
Southwark July 31! "Zeeland August 21
•Vaderland :. August 7|Frlesland ....August:?
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. *
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New .York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul ..August 7 St. Louis.. September 4
St. Loulg August 14 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
Philadelphia..August 21 St. Paul Sept. 13
Bt. Paul August 23 St. Louis Sept. 25
AMERICAN LINE.
SEW T0EK. SOUTHAMPTON. I0ND0S. PJJtia.
Jeff D. Morris. 40, and Annie ;E. Price, 19,'
both of 6 Central Place. ¦
George Campion, 45. 233 Seventh street, and
Isabella Jacobsen, 40, 921 Folsom ' street."
Jacob Barman.- 39, 1178 ¦ Harrison street, and
Carrie Reiser. 36. ¦ 1178 Harrison street.
J. Wesley Parks, 19. Fulton, Cal., and Ruble
E. Carter. 18. 1040 Howard street.^
. BIRTHS— MARRIAGES- DEATHS.
~ * ¦ . . ¦
: BOxvSi.
CARLSTON— In this city. June 30, 1901. to the
J wife of CaDtaln John Carlston, a son. !
GREEN— In this city. July 11, 1901, to the wife
"of Arthur H. Green, a son.
MAYHEW— In this city, July 13, 1901, to the
wife of Dr. A. B. Mayhew, a daughter.
MURPHY— In Oakland. July 11, 1901. J to the
wife of Frank J. Murphy, a son.
MAGNIN— In Alameda. July 1. 1901, to the
wife of Julius Magnin, a daughter.
MADSEN-In this city, July : 14, 1901, to the
wife - of Fred Madsen, a daughter.
SPRINGETT— In Tres Finos. Cal.. July 9, 1901,
to the wife of Rowland Sprlngett of Gllroy.
'* Cal.. -a daughter. ¦
MARRIED. ! .
DALL— FISCHER— In this city. July 11. 1901.
by the Rev. George Guth, Peter P. Dahl and
Mathilda Fischer, both of San Francisco.
WEBER— HARRIS— In this city. July 14, 1901.
by the. Rev. Jacob Nleto, Joseph Weber and
Annie Harris, both of this city.
DIED. ¦ -
Ach, Henriette Hyde, Oliver .
Agar, William G. Johnson, Andrew
Boyd, Rachel ' Jones, Robert L.
Bradley. Millard F. Keating. Catherine
Brennan, John - Kennedy, Mrs J. J.
Campbell, John Krahner, Ernst
Connor, William McLeod, Angus J.
Donovan, John B. Mahon, James A.
Donovan, Nellie Mead, Henry H. .
Franklin, Hy Murdock, John
Fuhrer, John Reinstein, Lydia
Glynn, Mary E. ¦ Rollins, John O.~
Goe, William Still, Lottie L.
Gordon, George F t ¦ Tanner, James D.
Hagerty, Margaret Von Benzon, Karl
Hansen, Capt. N. J. Walsh, Lafayette A^ -
Holahan, Ellen '
ACH— In this city, July 14, 1D01, Henriette,
beloved wife of the late Leon Ach, and
mother of Mrs. L. Baden and Henry and
Julius Ach, a native of i France, aged 71
years. (Portland. Louisville and New Or-
leans papers please copy.) >
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ' to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2015 Bush street. Interment private,
at Home of Peace Cemetery, by special train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 10:45
o'clock.
AGAR— In Berkeley. July 14, 1901, William
George, beloved son of James E. and Jen-
. nie L. Agar, and brother of Grace C, Alice
S., Winifred G., Daisy J. and Frank E.
Agar, aged 26 years and 7 days. ¦
E?"Funeral services will be held at Berke-
ley First Congregational Church, corner of
Durant avenue and Dana street, at 2 o'clock
this day (Tuesday). Friends and acquaint-
ances are invited. ¦ • . •
BRADLEY— In the City and County Hospital,
July 15, 1901, Millard F. Bradley, a native
¦ of .California, aged 45 years. ..
BOYD— In this city, July 15, 1901, Rachel, be-
loved wife of- Andrew Boyd, mother of John,
Andrew and Mamie Boyd, and sister of Mrs.
Mary Benson, a native of County Derry, Ire-
land, aged 35 years and 2 months.
EyNotice of funeral hereafter.
BRENNAN— In this city, July 14, 1901. John,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Bren-
nan, and father of Mrs. John F. Rupert and
the late Mary Brennan, brother of Mrs. Mar-
garet Corr, brother-in-law of William J.
Healy, a native of County Roacommon, Ire-
. land, aged 62 years 3 months and 11 days.
O^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his , daughter, Mrs. John F. Rupert,
221 Elsie street, oft Cortland avenue, thence
to St. Paul's Church for services at 1:30
o'clock.
CONNOR— fn Indio, Cal., July 14, 1901, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary Connor, and
father of J. F. and M. E. Connor, a native
' of Galway, Ireland. . "
CAMPBELL-In Oakland, July 15, 1901, John,
beloved husband of Anne Campbell, and
father of Edward and Henry Campbell, and
¦ brother of Rodger and Edward Campbell, a
native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 78
years. /
DONOVAN— In West Berkeley, , July 14. 1901,
John B., dearly beloved husband of Marjr
Donovan and father of Cornelius, George,
Lulu and Alice Donovan and grandfather of .
Myrtle Donovan, a native of Ireland, aged
57 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence in West Berkeley, thence to St. Co-
lumba's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be said for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. . Take Berkeley, train to
Golden Gate station, thence San Pablo ave-
nue cars 'west to' Grayson street. . — • '¦-'
DONOVAN— In Berkeley, July 15, 1901, Nellie,
dearly beloved daughter of Daniel and Mary
Donovan, and sister of John, James, Augus-
tine and Daniel Donovan Jr. and Mrs. Mary
Miller, Mrs. Annie James and Mrs. Lizzie
Carroll, a native of Berkeley, aged 15 years
. 7 months and 13 days. (Tehama County pa-
I pers please copy.) i "
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect?
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, Spauldlng avenue, near Bancroft
way, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the reoose'of her soul. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
FUHRER— In this city, July 14, 1901, John
. Fuhrer, a native of Adelborden, Canton
\ Bern, Switzerland, aged 45 years. A mem-
' ber of Yerba Buena Lager No. 8. U. O. R.
M.. and Helvetia Verein. ,
ILTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Charles J.
B. Metzler's parlofs, 636 Washington street,
thence to 510 Bush street, where tervices
will be held, commencing at 2 o'clock, under
the auspices of California Stamm No. 70,
U. O. R- M. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. .
FRANKLIN— In Seattle. Wash.. July 14, 1901,
Hy Franklin, beloved son of Marcus and
" Hannah Franklin, and brother of Isidor,
Nate, Arthur and Melville Franklin. Mrs.
N. D. Newman, Mrs. J. Michaels, and Mrs.
D. M Moses, a native of Oregon, aged 32
years and 7 days. . ,
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
GLYNN— In this city, July i 14. 1901. Mary
Ellen, beloved daughter of John and Kate
Glynn, and niece of Alice Mahar and Delia
Glynti, a native of San Francisco, azed 16
years S months- and 14 days.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
. of her parents, 114 Clipper street, thence to
St. Paul's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repese of her
soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GOE— In Hobart Mills Cal.. July. 13, 1901,
William Goe, fath"- of George- C. ¦ and
Charles A. Goe. a native of Ohio, aged
67 years 7 months and 27 days.
(CTFrienda are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tueiday),
at 10 o'clock, at .the parlors of N. - Gray &
Co., 641 Sacramento street.' Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. -
GORDON— In this. city. July 15, 1901. George
F. Gordon, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 51
years. •
ET" Funeral services _ to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 11 o'clock, from his late residence,
401 Ashbury street. Interment private.
HAGERTY— In this, city, at St. Mary's Hospi-
tal, July 15, 1901,' Margaret, widow of the
. late Dennis Haserty, a native of County'
Cork, Ireland,* aged 65 years 1 month and 16
days. . - . - . . ' • •
t7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her
late residence. 217 . Cortland avenue, thanee
. to St. John's Church, old St. Mary's Col-
' lege, where a requiem high - mass will be
celebrated ' for the repose of her soul, corn-*
menclng at 9:30 o'clock. . Interment private.
HANSEN— In this city, July 15. 1901, Captain
Neils J. Hansen, a native of 'Denmark, aged
48 years. - ' ¦
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 2 o'clock, from Ruby Hall,
Red Men' 8 building, 320 Post street, under
the auspices of the ¦ Master Mariners' Benev-
olent Association. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery." Remains at the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street, Mission
Masonic Temple. • : . *
HOLAHAN— In this city, July 14, 1901. Ellen,
beloved wife of the late Richard Holahan,
late of Napa, Cal., a native of County Long-
ford,' Ireland, aged 82 years. (Napa, Cal.,
papers please copy.) *• :-;¦ y
[C3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral: this day,
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
' of her grandniece, Mrs. C. F. Buckley, 2760
Golden ; Gate avenue, thence to Star of the
Sea Church, where a fequlem high mass will
¦ be • celebrated for . the repose of her soul at
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
Vv DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
JTUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.'
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone , South - 80. . . ¦ •. -
Eugene McGinn. 'McGINN BROa
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, J
V -. 31 EDDY STREET. -'-, ...
Telephone " South 252. ; .San Francisco,
No Cojm^tjoj^With_Any_Other^House.
SAW FRANCISCO*. Cal.— Notice is hereby given
t -iat CHARLES H. JACOB of the - nrm of
CHARLES H. JACOB &• CO., . funeral direc-
tora * and embalmers, . 318 Mason street, has,
. ' by order of court, had his name changed to
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN, by reason of
' which the *' name of ¦ his firm ''becomes
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN & CO. - . Under
this name he continues to do business at the
same place." -Telephone Main 5213:.
10 o'clock. 1 Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. .' ¦ y r -;.--1. JAMES D. PHELAN.
2. DANIEL. KOSCIUSKO O'CONNELL.
3. JOHN. WILSON.
Republican Delegates
For DELEGATES to Republican Lo
cal City and County Convention.
Y/OTE 'FOR. Z2S ONL.Y
OLD-TIME EMPLOYE OF THE SOUTHERN- PACIFIC COMPANY WHO
IS SAID TO HAVE BEEN SLATED FOR RETIREMENT FROM SER
VICE BY PRESIDENT CHARLES M. HAYS.
Putnam Bradlee Strong of Kew Tork Is
no longer an officer of the United States
army. Complying with telegraphic in
structions from Secretary Root, Acting
Secretary Sanger yesterday formally ac
cepted his resignation. Captain Strong
was apprised by telegraph of the action
taken and is at liberty to sail to-morrow
on the Nippon Maru, the steamer upon
which, it is reported. Lady Francis Hope
has engaged passage.
The action of the department is the
closing chapter of Captain Strong's mete
oric career in the regular army. The rea
sons which caused Secretary Root to di
rect it are known to Mr. Sanger. Facts
in possessi»n of the department are mea
ger. It is known that late on Saturday
evening Captain Strong tendered his res
ignation to Major General Young, com
manding the Department of California:
that he subsequently made full explana
tion to his superior of the causes which
Induced him to offer It; that these reasons
were telegraphed to Secretary Root at
St Louis, and that finding them satisfac
tory, the Secretary authorized tho accep
tance of the rej^gnation.
As to the re^Gona submitted by Captain
Strong, officials of tho department say
that what they are is pure guesswork.
They are satisfied in their own minds, of
course, that they relate to the escapade in
which Strong is alleged to have been In
volved with Lady Francis Hope, but they
have nothing except newspaper report3
upon which to base this belief.
From what the officials know of; Captain
Strong and his record they are confident
he told the truth. In any event he gavo
reason sufficiently good. The Secretary Is
expected to forward to the department
the telegraphic correspondence he had
with General Young, as it will be neces
sary to complete the departmental record
of Captain Strong's service as an officer
of the army.
Acting Secretary of War
Sanger Accepts His
Kesignation.
CAPTAIN STRONG
IS OUT OF ARMY
. The love : that never grows less is the
love .of- money. •_ ;
' Brutus •; never licked a Roman postage
stamp behind 'its back — and Brutus was
an honorable man.
The . Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Tubs and' swimming. . Best tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. Bay St.," near Powell. *
Low Southern Pacific Hates From All
V^ Over the West to San Francisco. J
- Tickets on sale at all • Southern Pacific
stations to ;San Francisco and return at
low. rates July 15 to 18, arriving San Fran
cisco not later than 18th. Additional dates
of sale in California: only 19th and 20th,
reaching San - Francisco by 20th. Limit
31st. . ' .' . , . .
¦ The California -State Association of Op
ticians had an Interesting meeting last
night at the Alcazar building. Several
lectures were delivered by prominent ocu
lists, and latest appliances in the optical
line were displayed. Considerable discus
sion regarding the formation of an optical
commission provoked much merriment
some of the members taking the matter
seriously. It was decided topostpdne its
organization and formation until the next
meeting of the State ,' Legislature. The
matterwill be discussed at the next quar
terly^ meeting. r . :~, '
State Opticians Meet.
It is expected that In a short time there
will be placed In the field either a grand
or supreme organizer to work for the or
der. . ".
The officers of.pakland Lodge were In
stalled last week by Mrs. Lillian B. Hol
comb. D. D. G. P. ! There were present
Grand Protector ¦ "Whitton, Grand Secre
tary Quitzow, Grand Guide Mrs. Frances
J. Williams, Carrie Blackmore, Mrs. H.
E. Whitton and Mrs.; Quitzow of San
Francisco.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The Pacific Coast Horticultural Society
elected the following officers at the meet
ing held July 1: President, H. Plath; vice
president. "William Eldred; financial sec
retary, ,F. Flck; treasurer," P. Canhape;
librarian, Fred Clels; recording and cor
responding secretary, H. H. Lillenthal.
New Officers • Elected.
John N. Elbers. the new superintendent
of the City and County Hospital, assumed
charge of the institution yesterday. The
superintendent now has nothing
to do with the medical department or the
attaches thereof. This responsibility rests
with Dr. Thomas D. Maher. the resident
physician. As such he has full charge of
the patients and the medical staff.
Superintendent Elbers in Charge.
Andrew. Johnson Killed by a Truck.
Andrew, Johnson, the old street sweeper
who was run over* and injured on May 23
by a truck driven by,W. H. Forrest, died
at the German Hospital yesterday. He
was a native of Finland and 63 years old.
Forrest was ] arrested and charged with
manslaughter. .
Deputy - Coroner ' Charles Meehan found
the stopcock of the gas fixture partly
turned on. i In searching for valuables he
found $53 in coin under the dead man's
pillow. The statements made by members
of the family and all the circumstances
surrounding the case indicate that Krah
ner's death was the result of an accident.
Mr. Krahner was a native of Germany,
53 years old. '
Mr. Krahner had retired at half-past 10
o'clock on - Sunday night, - such being- his
usual habit. He . was slightly under the
influence of liquor, .but was not despond
ent, he being, in good circumstances and
not having any bodily or mental trouble
that his. relatives were aware of. •
Ernst Krahner, a well known saloon
keeper residing at 3701 Broderick street,
was asphyxiated by illuminating gas last
Sunday night. The discovery Was mad©
by his son Charles, who .went to his room
at 6:40 o'clock yesterday morning to
awaken him. •
the Gas in Careless
Manner.
ASPHYXIATION CATJSES
. ERNEST EBASNEB'S DEATH
Retires in Good Spirits and Turns Off
The several numbers were well received
and the committee "that arranged it was
highly commended. The dance which fol
lowed was kept up until midnight."
The San Francisco Cabinet paid an offi
cial visit last week to Pacific Coun
cil -in the Native Sons' building.
There was a large attendance and a very
pleasant evening was spent. There were
addresses for the good of the order by
President J. N. Bunting of the cabinet
F. H. Hastings, the secretary, and a num
ber of members of the cabinet and of the
council, after which there was an evi
dence of the hospitality of Pacific Council,
which was • voted "a good thing." This
council -has been wide awake for some
time and It* is striving hard to gain first
place in the order in this city.
During the past two weeks California
Council has placed sixteen applications
for: membership, .which have been re
ferred to appropriate committees.'
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date_druggists sell and guarantee It. •
Selections, Slchel'B Orchestra, a, "Fox Hunt
ers" (Tenn); b, idyll, "Hearts and Flowers"
(Tobani) ; contralto- solo. Miss Grace I. Savage.
Harry Walton in his original sketch, entitled
"Masked Love." Cast: Harry "Walton (Gretch
en's lover), Ah Singf, Fred Dal ton; Frank Har
vey (Gretchen'o father), Herman Dinkelspiel;
May Forsyth (daughter), Gretchen Dinkelspiel;
Greenway, "The Tramp Juggler." Bass solo,
"William McDonald (late of the Bostonians) ;
cornet solo, "Magnolia Serenade" (Mlssud), H.
S. Todd, with orchestral 'accompaniment;
"Taming a Tiger," farce In one act; characters,
Charles Beeswing (a traveler In wines), J. C.
O'Donnell; Chill- Chutnee (a. retired Bengal
merchant), "William G. Judge; Jacob Mutter
(Chutnee' s servant), William M. Ogilvie.
The entertainment and dance that was
given last week in - Odd Fellows'
Hall by the National Union Social
and Literary Club was attended by an-,
other large and fashionable audience
which in the past have enjoyed these ex
cellent functions. J. H. Baker was the
chairman of* the evening, and under his
direction the following programme was
presented: ¦ . ¦
'The National Union.
A full dress ball was given in Odd Fel
lows' Hall last night by Oriental Encamp
ment No. 57. I. O. O. F., in celebration of
the silver anniversary of its institution.
The hall was filled to its dancing limit,
and the many beautiful costumes of the
ladles presented a 'charming appearance
in the brightly Illuminated and tastefully
decorated ballroom. The grand march,
in which nearly 200 couples joined, was
led by Floor Manager John Thompson and
Miss Nellie Thompson. During the even
ing one of the numbers was a twilight
waltz. The lights were lowered and the
effect produced by the dancers moving to
the sound of soft music in subdued light
was very pretty.
The committees that had charge of this,
one of the most delightful functions ever
given by this branch of Odd Fellowship,
were: Arrangements — George H. Wilson.
J. W. Harris. E. H. Black, John Thomp
son and C. H. Kornbeck. Reception — M.
Greenebaum, W. H. Barnes, N. J. Bird,
W. S.- Potter, Thomas Malcomson, F. M.
Carson, R. C. Black, F. P. Ashworth, J.
C. Howlett .and W. C. Johnson. Floor-
John Thompson (manager), T. B. "W. Le
land, F. Fillmore. William Edwards, J.
C. Stinson, R. A. Jones and C. F. O'Neil.
Fellows' Sail Last
Night.
ORXENTAL ENCAMPMENT'S
SILVER AKTNIVERSARY
Grand Ball in Celebration at Odd
STEPHEN T. GAGE is to be re
tired. In a few days It is expected
that President Charles M. Hays of
the Southern Pacific Company will
Issue a circular to this effect. It
is understood that in consideration of his
long and valuable services to the great
corporation he will be given a pension,
but hie days of active participation in the
affairs of the railroad are at an end and
the man who, next to the big four—Stan
ford, Kuntington, Crocker and Hopkins—
stands pre-eminent as one of the great
factors in the history of the development
of the company that has wielded such a
vast Influence in the development of Cali
fornia, will be relegated to private life
by the ukase of the successor of Hunt
ington.
The time was when Gage was the dic
tator of the political fate of two States,
and- his influence reached from Oregon to
Texas and his power was felt in the halls
cf Congress at -Washington. No man in
the history of the Golden State and its
State sister across the mountains ever
wielded greater power than the jnan who
is about to be retired. Legislators were
his playthings. He made and unmade
Judges. He dictated the names of Con
gressmen and United States Senators.
Tbe Governors of sovereign States were
oft times made by Stephen T. Gage.
Stupendous were the political deals
mao*e by the man who is about to go on
the retired list of the corporation of which
he was once director and assistant to the
president. The personal friend of Leland
Stanford, he built up the greatest politi
cal organization in the history of the
West, and he made his friend first Gover
nor and then United States Senator. But
in doing this he incurred the enmity of
C. P. Huntington, and when Huntington
assumed power he deposed Gage at once.
But Gage was big enough to stand up
against the president of the road, and C.
P. Huntington was compelled to make
friends with the man whom he had fought
*so bitterly, and the "My Dear Stephen"
letters written from New York will al
ways be an important Incident in the ro
irantlc history of the great railroads of
California.
But it would Eeem now as if Gage's time
has finally come, and he can hardly sur
vive the new deals and the new dealers.
Handled Millions of Money.
It Is as the political manager for the
Southern and Central Pacific railroads
that Stephen T. Gage is best known. The
position of nssistant to the president,
which he held for much of his life, was
created to enable him to carry on his po
litical management. How well he did it is
a. matter of open htetory, and for years
Gage was the greatest single factor In the
politics of California and Nevada. How
much money he handled for the two com
panies during his nearly forty years of
service will never be known;" but" It will
reach Into the millions.: And while he has
disbursed hundreds of thousands of dol
lars for which vouchers could not be re
quired and never were required Gage is
to-day a man of modest means. An un
pretentious home In. Oakland and a few
pieces of not very productive realty con
stitute the total of his possessions. While
Gage has been with the Central Pacific
Railroad and its successor, the Southern
Pacific Company, almost forty years. He
first became connected with the Central
Pacific in 1864, when the railroad con
sisted of twenty-eight miles of road from
Sacramento to Newcastle. He was at
that time running a freight train of pack
animals from Placerville, the Hangtown
of those days, to Virginia City. He was
a resident of the latter place when the
Comstock lode was just being opened.
The Central Pacific Railroad was about
to build into Nevada, which was soon to
become a State. Gage had helped organ
ize, the Territory of Nevada and was a
power in the orsranization of the new
State. The railroad had to build across
tho Sagebrush State, and Gage was put
in control of all of the politics in that
section. This he handled with the great
est success until in the 70's, when Ne
vada began to wane in importance, and
he was transferred to California and
given control of the politics of the road
for the State and nation and became as
sistant to the president, Leland Stanford.
He was director of the road for many
years, and was a member of the only
executive 'committee that the road ever
had. composed, of Stanford, Huntington
and Gagre. - • •• —
Of late years his connection with the
company has been nominal because of his
age and health.
But while his work as politician is the
most prominent feature of his history,
Gage had some of the most difficult work
connected with the Central Pacific Com
pany to perform. For nearly twenty years
he bought all the coal consumed by: the
locomotives of the company. and in that
time he expended $30,000,000 for this com
modity alone. This was no easy task in
the early days when every pound of coal
burned had to be brought from England
and Australia, before the mines in Wash
ington and British Columbia were opened.
Then coal had to be brought from half
way around the world, and it was Gage
who originated the plan of ships bringing
coal here in lieu of ballast and take Cal
ifornia wheat back. Gage has had as many
as 100 clippers on the high seas at one
time bringing coal to California for. the
railroad and one day forty ships rode, at
anchor in San Francisco Bay with car
goes to be discharged. It is no easy task
to keep a great railroad system supplied
with fuel when It had to be brought from
abroad. Storms may delay vessels and at
one time Gage found himself with scarce
ly three days' supply for the system. But
he was never caught.
. Few know this phase of the remarkable
life and character of this man. Those who
knew him as a maker of political deals
may be surprised to know that some of
the most careful business deals ever made
by the Central Pacific Railroad Company
were made by Stephen T. Gage.
- ; Service of Forty Years.
others made fortunes through his friend
ship he is to-day a comparatively poor
man. He could have made thousands
where his friends and beneficiaries made
dollars, yet he was most scrupulously
honest wfth his company in dealings
where there was no tracing and no ques
tions asked. Whatever may be said of
Stephen T. Gage and his political moves,
he could have been worth millions to-day
had he chosen so to be, and without
straining the term "honesty" as it is used
in the business world of to-day.
Unless'. some other school shows that none of
its advanced eightha failed, you will admit that
the Hancock is -in, the lead. Unless some other
school does better than to graduate twenty-one
of its pupils promoted one year ago j from sev
enth .grade, as was done in the Hancock, the
latter surejy must lead in that respect also.
¦Wishing t#* prove my Implicit obedience to
orders I did all I could to "encourage the De
cember graduations," as per your circular. I
have been doing all that I could to work out
the policy of an eight-year course, for I believe
in it; but those with whom we were compet
ing in the recent examinations were still work
ing out a nine-year course.
After referring to the apparent decision
of the board to suspend her for omitting
to teach "Thanatopsis" and "Snowbound"
Miss McKenzie concludes:
Miss Margaret McKenzie, principal of
the Hancock Grammar School, sent a
statement to the Board of Education yes
terday in which she compares the promo
tions in the eighth grades of the Adams
and Hearst schools with those of the
Hancock School. Miss McKenzie seeks
to show that the percentage of failures is
greater in the other schools than in the
itencock School. Of the sixty-nine pupils
examined for graduation during the year
1S00-Q1 in the Adams ten railed, three
failed out of the thirty-eight in the
Hearst and only one failed in the Han
cock School.
School, Submits New Evidence
. to Board.
GBADTTATIONS TN THREE
SCHOOLS ARE COMPARED
Miss McKenzie, Principal of Hancock
All who have moved since last election or
who were for any reason not registered must
register now.
Registration closes August 3. Registration
office open evenings* until 9:30.
Every voter is urged to vote at the primary
election. All who registered for the last elec
tion who have not moved may vote without
further registration.
Every vote will be received and counted
under the same safeguards as at general elec
tions.
The election will be held under the auspices
of the Board of Election Commissioners and
under the same regulations as general elec
tions.
Primary elections for the selection of dele
gates to the municipal conventions of all par
ties will be held on August 13.
The delegates will nominate the Mayor and
all other municipal officers.
A meeting of the advisory committee of
the Republican Primary League was held
yesterday and several subjects were con
sidered. Another meeting will be held this
week and important duties will be as
signed to sub-committees. The league yes
terday issued the following address:
Republican Primary League.
The board appointed 'William Harring
ton, Republican, and E. L. Forster, Dem
ocrat, to look after lodging-house registra
tions.
1. WM. , JIcKINLEY.
2. HENRY GAGE.
3. IRVING M. SCOTT.
Board Keeps Them on
Duty to Carry Out
Shoeing Scheme.
. Members of the local fire department
have blended their voices in a long, sonor
ous howl at the action of the commission
controlling them in putting into effect the
scheme to shoe department horses in the
department stable. The effect of this
scheme is to deny summer vacations to
the men of all engine and truck compa
nies, from which men understanding the
art of shoeing a horse have been taken
and detailed at the stable. . ' .
In all ten companies are affected, and
the deplal of summer vacation to the men
of thesa companies is not the worst hard
ship the- scheme, has worked. In these
companies the men are even denied their
usual two days a month off. All must re
main on duty continuously. When the
call for horseshoers was made Chief Sul
livan selected live men to do the work.
At the time several men were off on vaca
tion, but they were ordered to return to
duty. Then the order went out that to
the members oi those companies from
which horseshoers had been taken sum
mer vacations would be denied.
If the action of the Board of Fire Com
missioners was actuated by necessity the
members of the department -say they
would have no complaint, but they look
upon the establishment of a horseshoeing
department as a political play to even a
score with J. F. Kennedy, who success
fully waged legal war against the com
mission, knocked out the* board's award
of the horseshoeing contract to John
O'Rourke and secured a judgment declar
ing himself^the lowest bidder and entitled
to the contract.
The board worried Kennedy along, how
ever, and though declared by the courts
to be entitled to the contract he was given
but little opportunity to profit by the
court's judgment. The charter provides
for the manner in which contracts shall
be let, and at the same time makes it in
cumbent, \t is asserted, for the shoeing of
horses to De done by contract. Notwith
standing this fact, when Kennedy finally
won his fight for the contract the Com
missioners went to work and established
a horseshoeing department. Kennedy has
in consequence "been forced to again sue
the commission, and that case is now be
fore the courts.
DENIES FIREMEN
THEIR VACATIONS
Preparations Being Made for ATrrmal
Session of Well-Known Cath
olic Organization.
. The board of management of the Young
Men'3 Institute met last night at its head
quarters In the Pioneer building to make
preliminary arrangements . for the Grand
Council of the organization, which will be
held in this city on Monday, August 19,
and continue four days. Besides the ap
pointment of eight committees, to whom
the supervision of the affair will be in
trusted, the board decided on a j pro
gramme for the entertainment of the vis
iting delegates. .. • .
The Grand Council will be opened on
Monday morning with the celebration of
high mass at some church yet to be se
lected. After mass the delegates to the
number of 100 will proceed to headquar
ters, where the business session will con
vene. L. E. Mahan, grand president of
the institute, will preside over the conven
tion. In the evening a reception will be
tendered the/delegates by the members of
the Young- Ladles' Institute. On the sec
ond evening, there will be a theater party
at the Orpheum. for which 200 seats have
already been reserved. On Wednesday
evening the grand ball will take place at
Odd Fellows' Hall. The banquet will be
held on Thursday evening, and on Friday
the delegates will, be taken on a trolley
ride, with lunch at the Cliff House.
Daniel J. O'Leary, the present vice pres
ident of tho institute, is in line for pro
motion to the grand presidency and will
undoubtedly be elected. For grand secre
tary the • incumbent, George A. Stanley,
has no opposition. The committees that
will have the affairs' of the Grand Qouncil
in charge are as follows:
Finance — Edward B. Thomas, chairman : John
F. Comyns, Arthur J. Sullivan, Dennis Baft-y
and Jofcn Doyle. ¦. /' • •/¦ ¦
Banquet— P. J. Hasan, chairman; J. Harry
Plnkham and J. A. Dunleavy.
Grand ball— W. Chester Keogh, chairman: Jo
seph F. Campodonico, A. J. Donovan, M. J.
Connerton and Thomaa F. Ryan. .
Theater party— William A. Breslin, chairman;
C. de Andreis, Edward O'Donnell, T. J. Klnney
and Robert A. Cahalan.
Trolley ride— M. T. Rellly, chairman; Luke
Carroll, Joseph F. Campodonlco, M. T. Cresa
lla and G. A. Sullivan. • . ¦ - ,'
Invitations and. printing— John F. Comyns,
chairman; Edward B. Thomas and P. J. Ha-
Prees— D. B. Hayaen, chairman; TV. Chester
Keogh and George A. Stanley. . -
¦ Headquarters and decorations— D. E. Hayden,
chairman; C. de Andreis and W. Chester
Keosh. ¦ . .-¦...:-..
YOTTNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
TO HOLD GRAND COUNCIL
p»T»«^HB Election . Commissioners met
¦" I -yesterday forenoon and decided to
II . postpone action on the Republican
Jl petitions for apportionment , until
after, the meeting of the Republi
can State Central Committee. The motion
to postpone was j made by - Commissioner
Sheldon G. Kellogg, who said:
¦ "It has been brought to our attention
by one of the parties that a meeting of
the State Central Committee has been
called for the purpose of passing upon
this matter, and as a law has been passed
giving the State Committee power to act I
move that the matter be postponed until
next Monday."
A. Ruef , representing the Anti-boss Re
publican County Committee, made an un
answerable argument in support of the
proposition tbat the Ejection Commission
ers had authority to act. He argued that
the law passed by the last Legislature
giving the State Committee power in the
premises was unconstitutional' as the
constitution of the State expressly pro
vided that the Legislature should' not pass
a general law concerning municipal af
fairs. The city charter, section — , Article
II, declares that all. matters pertaining to
elections in the city and county shall be
vested: and exercised by the Board, of
Election Commissioners, i Section 11S6 of
the Political Code sought to override the
charter and exjerclse a municipal author
ity.
Ruef also argued that section 1186 waB
a special law applying to only such po
litical parties as had State ' committees.
It could not apply to such parties as tho
Non-Partisan party, which had no State
Committee. That party could get its rul
ings from the Election Commission,
while the Republican party, 'if the pro
visions of this law were recognized as
binding, would have to go to the State
Committee; which -was not a legal body
and was responsible to nobody.
Has No Authority.
In concluding Mr. Ruef said: "Admitting
that all I have said is mere breath and
not sense, section 1186 is not valid or can
not operate until a State committee has
been formed under that law. It cannot be
retroactive. We have never admitted that
the County Committee was governed by
the State Committee. They are different
entities.. The State Committee . has no
power to take away the rights of any
body. I want my cases decided, by gentle
men sworn in as public officers to perform
their duties fairly and not by a packed
committee. I could show you that the
body making this application has no legal
standing if you cared to go into that mat
ter. Suppose we should not recognize the
State Commfttee. Suppose we should not
go before them, -knowing that they have
no authority to act. Then suppose they
adopted the other petition. Are we bound
by that?" ' »
Commissioner M. Greenblatt • was not
disposed to shirk responsibility.. He voted
against postponement. Commissioner
Oliver Everett also voted against Mr. Kel
logg's motion. /Commissioner A. W. Voor
sanger -voted with Mr. Kellogg to post
pone. There was a tie and Commissioner
Jeremiah ¦ Deasy, president of the board,
cast the deciding vote in favor of a post
ponement.
It is regarded as certain that the State
body will recognize the Kelly-Crimmins
boss committee. The special meeting was
called at the suggestion of the bosses. The
request for the meeting emanated from
the bosses. The Election Commissioners
did not advise or solicit the interference.
The time for action by the Commission
ers had not arrived when the call for a
meeting of the State committee was is
sued. It is the. plain, simple truth that
the bosses became alarmed at the popular
agitation In favor of honest municipal
government under Republican auspices
and appealed to the Republican State or
ganization for help. It happens, however,
that very littls help can be. given by -the
State committee.' There is no such thing
as an official ticket to be recognized. The
space on the'ticket is left blank in the
party column, and pasters bearing the
names of delegates must be attached; The
proper way for citizens. to resent' the in-
terference of the State Central Committee
in local affairs is to attach the pasters Is
sued by the Republican Primary League.
These pasters will contain the names of
anti-boss Republicans. " "
The bosses, by the assistance of the Re
publican State organization, may derive a
slight advantage in preliminary organiza
tion of the municipal convention, but if
good citizens are alive to a sense ot their
duty the convention will be so overwhelm
ingly anti-boss in sentiment that the
Kelly-Crimmina crowd will not.be able to
resist delegates representing the honest
masses of the Republican party in San
Francisco. i
Style of Pasters.
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday adopted the following resolu
tions: :--.--•; ¦ ' ...
Resolved. That all political parties and In
dividuals taking advantage of the provisions
of the primary election law pertaining to the
use of pasters be required to adopt a uniform
color, size and- type, a sample of which may
be procured at the office of the Registrar.
Resolved, That the attached sample, as to
color, size and type, be adopted by the board,
and that the names of delegates on said paster
be printed In long primer capitals and small
capitals, | with the names a uniform distance
apart,' the color to be white and its size 3 6-8
Inches wide. The general style of the paster3
is indicated by the following:
They Will Not Put Colored
Globes, on the Tops of .
¦ • ¦ / ¦.
High Mountains.
• « ¦• ' — : «
TheTosemite Commission is not going
to turn the beautiful valley into a sort
of Midway Plalsance on a large scale by
means of rows upon row's of electric
lights, white or colored, up and down the
Bridal Veil Falls and around and around
in bewildering circles along all the' tow
ering height of El Capltan. The gentle
men of the Sierra Club, It seems, rather
jumped at conclusions. _ In other words,
they did not wait to see what the other
fellows were going to do before they con
cluded that it was their time to say
things.
The Yosemite Commissioners are not
going into the show business. They are
simply considering a suggestion made by
Commissioner 'Short to throw a search
light on Yosemite Falls, and even that is
dependent upon the final word of the Gov
ernor. The Commissioners, in fact, are
only desirous that the hotels and stores
and State buildings in the valley shall be
lighted by incandescent lights, as hotels
and stores and State buildings out of the
valley are, and to this end is the pro
posed installation of an electric light
plant. It all came put at the meeting of
the commission held in W. W. Foote's
office yesterday afternoon. Governor
Gage was not present, and so Commis
sioner Henshaw of Oakland took the
chair. The other Commissioners present
were Foote, Short, Cluff and Kerckhoff
and Engineer Corey, who has made the
estimates of the cost of the installation
of the proposed plant.
There were some minor matters dis
posed of before the main question of the
electric light plant was brought up. Then
Engineer Corey took the floor with his
plans and blueprints, and proceeded to
give a technical explanation of the whole
scheme.
Commissioner Foote Is Serious.
"Before we enter upon this matter,"
said Commissioner Foote, "I want to ask
Mr. Corey whether there is -anything in
these proposed plans which will constitute
a desecration of the natural beauties of
the valley. I want to approach this mat
ter in the most serious spirit."'
"There is nothing," Corey replied. "In
cutting down trees to carry the pipe line
from the river to the electric light. plant
we have managed it so that not one per
son in five would ever perceive that the
ax had been used. Nothing of the pipe
line can be seen from the road. I speak
advisedly, for the trees have already been
cut."
"You are one of the directors of the
Sierra Club, are you not?" asked Foote.
"I am. unfortunately. The p»wer-house.
of the plant, which is the only part of it
that will be visible in the valley, will be
of granite. It is modeled on that at On
tario and will be a most ornamental struc
ture, adding to rather than detracting
from the beauty of its surroundings."
It was suggested that Architect Mat
thews be asked to try his hand on an
original design for a power-house, by way
of getting the most beautiful structure
posbible, and the suggestion was adopted.
Then there was a discussion of the blue
prints and a statement by Corey as to
where it was proposed to place the lights.
There will be 700 of these in and around
the hotels and cottages and State build
ings and several hundred additional in the
shops and stores and houses of the dwell
ers in the valley, for the installation of
which these dwellers will pay. It is also
proposed to put up an arc light in front
of the hotel, another on the iron bridge
and lights on a line of poles running down
the valley from the light works to the ho
tels.
"But that will not be to desecrate the
valley?" asked Foote.
No Desecration Intended.
"Not at all," replied Engineer Corey.
"There will be 100 lamps -along the line
down the valley. These will be so ar
ranged that they can be cut out, or half
of them can be cut out at any time. The
pole line along which these lights will be
strung, will reach from the Happy Isles
down to the Central Hotel. - It . is ¦ essen
tial to run down the road because of the
necessity for cutting away tree limbs in
carrying currents of high power through
timber. Any cutting of this kind off the
road would be a desecration."
"Well." said Commissioner Foote, "I
am in favor of this. I do not believe in
waving a red light before the gentlemen
who have criticized us, but I am getting
pretty tired of being criticized by people
who do not wait to find out what we are
going to do before sending us a set of res
olutions saying we are making ourselves
ridiculous. And I do not propose to stand
for it."
"But let us not be driven by criticism
to do more than we originally Intended to
do," said Commissioner Short.
"I prefer a hotel with a bed and a bath
myself," said Foote, "to sleeping on a pine
bough. Also, I prefer light to darkness.
Lastly, I would prefer to have these gen
tlemen come up here and consult with us
rather than send us such resolutions as
they have without anybody to represent
"It would be well,;' said Commissioner
Short, "to keep the light works out of
sight as far as possible." ,
"Well, I want lights on the roads," said
Commissioner Henshaw.
"And I," said Foote, "am tired of being
Jabbed in the newspapers, and in resolu
tions about things that I never intended
to do. Now how about Short's scheme
for lighting the falls? I want to know
about that, and he has got to stand for it.
What is the matter with putting red,
white and blue searchlights on the peaks
and giving the people red, white and blue
lights if they want them?"
Iii^hting Up the Palls,
The plan to light the falls of the Yo
semite, according to Engineer. Corey's es
timate, would involve an expenditure of
$7000. This plan calls for the installation
of a searchlight 'of enormous proportions,
or rather of four searchlights, at points
on the slope of Glacier Point, the lights to
have adjustable lenses so that the falls
would be lighted up from top to bottom,
and • for their full width, whatever • that
might be. The searchlights would bo
practically invisible from the hotels in
the daytime, and the wires leading to
them would also be out of sight. Their
installation, therefore, would not mar the
beauty of the valley, and the trail It would
be necessary to build to put the lights in
place would be a great convenience to
visitors. This trail would cost $1800 addi
tional to make. The total cost of the elec
tric lighting plant for the valley, exclu
sive oi' the searchlight plant for Illumin
ating, would bo J23.000. This would' make
a grand total of expenditures of over $30,
000, or $5000 more than the appropriation
available, but as there are other funds at
the disposition of the commission this con
sideration would not stand in the way.
Commissioner Foote suggested, however,
that as the Governor was particularly in
terested in the illumination scheme,' it
would be well to let that go over until he
could be present. This i suggestion was
adopted, and then Engineer Corey was
instructed to prepare specifications for
bids for the electric lighting, plant in the
valley to be submitted to a meeting of the
commission to -be held on Monday after
noon, July 22. •
Among . the minor matters disposed ' of
was a letter from Dr. Keene of Philadel
phia, complaining of the. dust' and rocks
on the road to the valley. As the com
mission had no jurisdiction over the -toll
road the letter was laid on the table.
It was decided to turn water. from the
river to make a lake in the valley in the
low, swampy ground about Hutchin son's
Camp.. " - - ¦•¦',' ¦ ¦
Guardian Stevens was allowed to employ
a helper at not more than $25 per month
to work in his; office during four months
of the busy season.
The photographers In the valley com
plained that Boyesen.had put up a sign,
"Kodaks for rent," at Corey's Camp,
which they said was doing business in
too many places; but as Corey was will
ing the Commissioners thought : the other
photographers would better try to be - a
little enterprising on their own account.
Purpose of Commission-,
ers Is Declared in .
Open Session.
TO PUT LIGHTS
IN YOSEMITE
Bosses Can ¦ Gairr but Slight Advantage by Interference of
Republican State Committee in Local Campaign— Citizens
May Resent Intrusion by Electing Anti-Boss Delegates
ELECTION COMMISSION
VOTES TO DEFER ACTION
One of the Greatest Figures in the Railroad and Political
History of California, the Friend of Stanford and Later
Confidant of .Huntingdon, Has Survived His Usefulness
STEPHEN T. GAGE WILL
BE RETIRED BY HAYS
7 - THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, TUESDAY, JULY 16. 1901.
Democratic Delegates
For DELEGATE? to Democratic Lo
cal City and County Convention.
ELECTION PRECINCT NO. I
VOTE FOF* 3 OIVLY
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NERVES GAVEWAY.
1 1 ~~ili { Had Headache, Backache and
:: •: -'>jgH§|feh | ; Serious Indigesfisn.
;: . I : Pe=rn=na Cured. •
§P*^ J^=-'- - t Miss A. Brady, Corresponding 1 Seer*-
n Mf_M_L _ * tary Illinois ' Woman's Alliance, -writes
J^^shk^^** \ t from 2^ C5 Indiana avenue, Chicago, Ills.:
;; " M^&P^z) W^fS ' "Last year, from continued strain
//flk •¦£. ' y- ji^i^. in literary work, I became very much
' r///li'' j *%f~%L J^S\ 1 exhausted, my ¦perns seemed to giva
! ////jh^^^^ MisM^S " way, and I had backache, headache
///MfifflL^\^ Jilixavutt ' an<^ senous '"digestion.
" li^y§ ' " One ofm f friends suggested that
\ t I ir y Peruna. It certainly acted like
? I magic on my system.
' \\ "Within ten days I felt new life and
\\ : ~^Q// health given me, and by taking an oc-
— '• 1 casional dose off and on when I feel
Miss Aseneth Brady, Cor. Sec. Illinois ejrf/>a , />efl , j j, my system in OSr-
11 , Woman's Alliance. n , , • , ,, , ,.f i-" n , - r ¦
I ........ . . , ¦ fed order. —Miss A. Brady.
r-r «n +v- 4.<> a /i' n >'« mA ' n o n /* on ?>.«» n<»r- Mrs. Fanny .Klavadatscher of Suxnmlts-
Ir all the tired women ana all tne ner- ,. 111o -^ -y wr ito« *>¦* fnUnw^.-
vous women, and all the women that ™* f 1 - Y - writes as follows,
needed a tonic would read and heed the "It is not necessary to suffer when a
•words of these two ladies who have bad case of pelvic catarrh can be cured
spoken right to the point, how many "with two bottles of Peruna. From my
invalids would be prevented and how own experience I can recommend it to
many wretched lives be made happy. e X e X y °U e - ... -r — .» ¦*,_
Peruna restores health in a normal "For three months I suffered with pain
way - in tbe back and in the region of the kid-
Pe'runa puts right all the mucous mem- neys, and a dull pressing sensation In the
branes of the body, and in this way re- abdomen, and other symptoms of pelvio
stores the functions of every organ. catarrh.
If it is the stomach that is out of But after taking two bottles of Peruna
order, and the digestion impaired, Pe- I am entirely well, better than lever
runa quickly makes things right by was."— Mrs. Fanny Klavadatscher.
restoring the mucous membrane Of the Everywhere the people, especially the
stomach. . « women, are praising: Peruna. as a remedy
The pelvic organs are also lined with, for all forms of catarrhal difficulties,
mucous membrane which in the female Send for "Health and Beauty," written
sex is especially liable to derangements, especially for women by Dr. S. B. Hart-
Peruna is an absolute specific- in these man. President Hartman Sanitarium,
cases. . Columbus, O.
e/£y *^% "
payments#a
is the plan we have w Ifl
adopted in our tail- .*? AM
oring department, (/ I y^^ _^
thus making it con- I A N [j
venient for any \
gentleman to pro- \
cure a perfectly cut \
and tailored suit, to ' \
order, in a fabric \
that we guarantee V
to give flrst-clas3
service, for g 1
A WEEK
128-132 Ellis StSI j
Maxwell's Glasses
strengthen and soothe, while they relleva
all strain upon- the optic nerve. Max-
well's Glasses cost 5
1-3 LESS
than others. They have no superiors.
Any kind of lenses duplicated for
ONE-THIRD LESS than elsewhere.
B. MAXWELL q^iTn
Room 42, Academy of Sciences Building
813 MARKET ST., S. F.
Hg tloSENTH AiJsJIJI
fa ' I «ET EF 'tf^ t a. *"'* — =7/y 19
ta — \*0 y . g * b a. w -\sy Kg
jjlM MlDSUMMERlM
B dt £. *?• mean* considerable walking, both for residents and visitors; In other M
M It means the need of good shoes. Neither San Francisco nor her guests fsfl
K.J ever had an cpportunity to procure fine footwear such as we are offerlnr in our EH
fci special eale of broken lots, small sizes and some entire lines. These are a few |5f
1 DUaro e TO 1< TSe°L, c?o^hem n ou"t C ° l0red Sa " n "* GI^ e *" .™™«- , «=- i
Wi w , L * d J?£rX a^L£ hro J? e ..5 I<J and BJack French Kid Oxfords, French and Leather I
jfj heels. RTDUCED TO COc to clcse them out. Former prices ?t to**5. |§
H ~_,£ Ien .'' Tan ! 5ei ' low Calf . double sole. Lace. Goodyear Welt and Tan Russia 9
JH Calf, sinele sole Lace. In the newest shapes. REDUCED TO $3.85. Cheap B|
H - 1 * • INFANTS AND CHILDREN. H
SI JJ I ? fant ?' aDd Children's broken lots of Tan and- Black Shoes; mainly narrow I
El widths; tizes 5 to 8. REDtJCED TO 35c. , ¦ "7~'f narrow lj|
¦H al j& ¦ * ' '•*'¦' si!
I "VAN VR00M" 1
U PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS, H
H 1001 MARKET, Cor. Sth. |