PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 4, 1901.
VOLUME XC-NO. 34.
His Arrival at That Pleasure Resort Will Be the Signal for a Series
of Entertainments and That WH1 Make Pleasant His
Stay Until He Leads| Miss Natalie^ Oelri^^ Rail
PETER MARTIN OFF FOR NEWPORT
TO JOIN HIS PROMISED BRIDE, WHO
WAITS FOR HIM BY THE SEASHORE
Telluride, Colorado, the Scene of a Battle in
Which Three of the Combatants Are Mor
tally .Shot and Others Badly Wounded
FATAL FIGHT WAGES
BETWEEN STRIKERS
AND NON-UNION MEN
DEATHS FROM THE HEAT TO DATE.
-¦.-¦.'!..¦¦ - '• ' ¦ ' ¦ . '..•¦'., . '¦¦'"' \
ST. FATJX, July 3.- — A dispatch to the Associated Press from Havre, MMont., says the following were
shot hy the train'roDhers, who held up, the Great Northern flyer near Wagner to-day:
Gertrude M. Smith of Tomah, Wis., a passenger, who leaned from a window, received a bullet through
th.e right arm, but is not seriously hurt:
Mr. Douglass of Clancey, Mont., traveling 1 auditor for the Montana division of the Great Northern,
shot through the left 'arm', only a flesh wound. *
. Brakeman Whiteside of Havre; shot through arm near shoulder; seriously injured.'
•* --'Continued ' on Page -Nine.
time covered by a gun and was told by
the tramp that -if the train stopped he
would kill him. '
When the ' train reached a • point three
miles east of Wagner the engineer was
forced- to;, stop and: two .more men ap
peared ~ armed, .with." "Winchesters. ."--The
robbers ; commenced firings and theVpas?
sengers thought children -.were celebrating
the . Fourth. Brakeman Whiteslde of
Havre, Mont., got> off the rear end of the
train and was shot through the right arm
near the shoulder, . shattering the bone. ;
- Mr.' Douglass ; of Clancy,' Mont.,; auditor
of .the Great v Northern Montana division, 1
swung out on the steps on the south '(-He
of the'ear and , was shot through the left
ami near the shoulder, ' but received only
a flesh wound. <^ . ' "^ _ . •
¦'.? GertrudeV M. " Smith"*" of • Tomah, r WIs.,
"COWBOY; PREACHER"
ENDS LIFE BY SUICIDE
Wife and Neighbors of the Rev. L. O.
Brooker Find His Dead
Body.
KEARNEY. Nebr., July 3.— The Rev. L.
G. Brooker of the Evangelical church
committed suicide at his home in tills city
to-day by shooting himself with a re
volver. When discovered by his wife and
neighbors Brooker wa3 lying on a bed in
his room, with the revolver still clutched
in his right hand and a bullet wound near
the right eye and a wound in the left
breast.
Brooker was -well known In thl3 vicinity
as the "cowboy preacher" and had many
friends. He was about 43 years old and
leaves a wife and six children, one of
whom is an Evangelical preacher at She!
ton, Nebr. _ .
Later to-day it developed that Brooker
stood charged with criminal relations
with Hattie Longmate, who had been an
Intimate :" friend of the Brooker family
during her residence at Grand Island. The
Sheriff from that city arrived in Kearny
this morning with a warrant for the
preacher's arrest. Brooker declared his
innocence to the Sheriff, who then stepped,
out to get a guard for the prisoner, ant
during hi3 absence the fatal shots wera
fired.
i NEWPORT BELLE WHO IS TO
BECOME .THE WIFE' OF PE
. TER r MARTIN.' :
Count.Weds Before Teaching.
LA .-•'¦ PORTE. Ind.. July 3.— Adolph C.
Vonner, "'. an , Austrian Count,' and . Mary
Cullaton of Burlington, Iowa, were mar
ried here to-day. '"The* groom will hext
year fill' the. 'chair 'of German and French
at-Leland Stanford University.
PETER MARTIN is ' an ardent
wooer. In spite of the blistering
heat in New York he is flying, in
that direction as fast - as steam
can take him so as to be near the J
charming Miss Lillie Oelrichs, who will
soon bestow the hand which goes with .
the heart upon the fortunate Burlingame
beau.
Mr. Martin's i arrival at Newport will
be the signal for the beginning of a series
of elaborate entertainments that have
been planned in honor of the happy
couple. There are. to be dinners and v
dances galore, and also several less am
bitious affairs, that will be none the less
delightful because they will be informal. -
Peter Martin, however, did not have to
look forward to his stay at Newport for
congratulations and affairs in honor of
this happiest event 'n his life. The few
days of his stay here were crowded with*
entertainments in his honor, Martin's 1
family and his friends are ! now awaiting
the all important news — the announce
ment of the happy day.
THREE OUTLAW HOLD UP TRAIN
AND DYNAMITE EXPRESS CAR
1 'That the 'wedding will be one of the big
• events of. the Newport season seems to be
i the general • Impression. Rumor has it
; that the i nuptials "wilL, b"e> celebrated about
• the middle of c. next -month, y and thatone
of 'j. the features* of. .the, honeymoon will be
;a visit to -'this ¦ city." V'
L. Those <Vho knowTsay that it is sure to
7 be a'. church wedding, 'and,* of. course, will
j be-celebrated'at:no6u.i.the.preferred hour
'of the Newport swells. ; It will be followed
*. by^'a large, reception at, the* home "of the
' fair bride's parents: Mi\ and. Mrs. Charles
- Oelfichs.-'..0; : ". ¦/.-. - : ¦¦¦¦'¦ . .
• A large ' number, of . Mr.. Martin's friends
, expect to go to'. New r York to be present
I at the "wedding.* V V- • i"' : .". ; n
sume work until the strike Is amicably
settled and officially declared off.
As a result of this agreement every
thing Is quiet to-night, and if it continues
so to-morrow morning the Sheriff will
doubtless revoke his request for State
troops.
Cause of the Battle.
The battle of to-day grew out of the
strike inaugurated on the Smuggler Union
mineV on May 1. The management of the
company for some two years prior to that
date had been letting contracts for break-
Ing part of the ore produced by the mines.
From the start the union complained
about the contract system of breaking
ore. claiming that a large number of the
contractors could not make wagea and
that some even came out in debt to the
company at the N end of the month. The
manager of the company was called on
by the local officers of the union and
asked that the contract system be either
abolished or the contractors guaranteed
district wages of $3 per day In case they
failed to earn it contracting. The man-
ager declined to secede to the request,
and a strike en this particular property
was ordered.
Mills Had Resumed "Work.
The mines and mills were shut down
and remained idle until the 17th of June,
when enough non-union men and union
men who were dissatisfied with the strike
returned to work in the mines t3 break
sufficient ore to keep one of the mills run
ning, the other being dismantled for re
pairs. "With this limited force the mill has
been kept steadily .running until , this
morning.
During this" time the local officers of the
union Interviewed the manager of the
company several times, "endeavoring to
bring about an amicable adjustment of
the difficulty, but their efforts were fu
tile. Some two weeks ago a Mr. Sullivan
of the executive committee of the "West
ern Federation of Miners arrived In Tellu
ride, consulted the manager and he also
was unable to accomplish anything. Tha
prolonged strike was having suet a de
pressing influence on the business inter
ests of Telluride that last Friday a com
mittee of business men and mine man
agers of Telluride was appointed to try to
satisfactorily adjust the controversy.
Owing to the absence of the manager of
the mine this committee has been, unable
to take any action.
The officials cf. the local union severely
denounce the violence resorted to this
morning. Since the resumption of work
on the mines a feeling of bitterness and'
resentment has been growing against the
miners who returned to work.
TROOPS IN READINESS
Governor Orman Acts Promptly la
the Miners' Riots. r ..
DENVER. Colo., July 3.— When Gov
ernor Orman received word, from Sheriff
Dowtain of Telluride telling him of the
riot at the Smuggler-Union mine and ask
ing for five hundred militia, he immediate •
ly issued a call for the companies locate!
at Denver- and Pueblo to assemble at
the armories and .await further orders.
Then began telegraphic correspendenca
between the San. Miguel office and th9
Governor, the latter asking definite In
formation as to the need for trooi>3. In
the meantime State Senator Buckley
wired the Governor not to order out troops
until he heard further from him. At 10:43
o'clock the Sheriff -wlred s the Governor
that the strikers had taken forcible pos
session of the mine during the truce and
had I run the employes over the range.
The latter made no resistance and at that
time everything w"as quiet, with the strik
ers guarding the property to prevent the
return of the men. The Governor decided
to disperse the troops, but It Is under
stood instructed them to be in readiness
to respond at a moment's call.
p-»T|--a ELL.URIDE, Colo., July / 3.— Great
% II excitement, which prevailed all
I day over a riot at the Smuggler
*--*' Union mines, is rapidly subsiding
this evening. A deadly controversy
has been satisfactorily adjusted for the
present and everything is quiet in Mar
shall and Savage basins.
Early this morning word was received
. in town that there was considerable
shooting agoing on at Smuggler at 5 o'clock
and many kinds of rumors were afloat.
The trouble is only a part of the strike
trouble which has been brewing for some
time. The first rumor to reach town was
that eight or ten had been killed, but this
provedv not to , be true. However, it Is
positive that Will Jordan was shot In the
right hip; Charles Becker,: superintendent
of the mine, had his right arm broken
and badly shattered from a bullet: Shift
Boss Nicholson was shot In the head, and
a Mexican trammer by the name of J.
Lujan and John Barthtell, a miner, were
killed.
Jordan was brought to town about 2
o'clock this afternoon by five of the men
who were working for him on the Sheri
dan dump. His- wound is quite painful,
but not necessarily serious.
Doctor Attends Wounded.
Dr. Sheldon .was called to the Bullion
tunnel to dress the wounds of the Injured
men, and sent a message about noon say
ing that Becker had a bad arm and that
Nicholson, who was shot in the head, has
a chance to live, but that is about all.
At that time those were the only men on
either side whose .wounds be had attend
ed to.
Most of the forenoon shots were ex
changed between the miners* deputies and
guards, but at 10 o'clock «ll,was quiet,
with the exception of a few shots now
and then. Some time this j forenoon one
of the cabins near the office building was
blown up, but it is impossible to learn
what damage, if any, was done.
The Liberty Bell and Tom Boy miners
have all practically gone out in sympathy
and those properties are all but idle in
the way of active operations. Miners are
seen coming over the range this morning
frcm the Ouray and Silverton sides, and
it is reported that the Camp Bird and
Revenue mines are also out in sympathy,
but as to these last named properties
there can be no verification. The Mayor
has ordered all saloons to be closed from
6 p. m. to 6 a. m., until otherwise notified.
Telephone wires have been cut and there
has been no communication between town
and Smuggler Hill all day.
About 6 o'clock this afternoon the corpse
of a man was brought to town from the
basin and it was found to be John Barth
tell. a Swedish miner, who was killed at
about the first shot fired. Barthtell was
fighting with the union miners.
All of the wounded except the last were
working in the mines.
How the Conflict Commenced.
As near as can bs learned the fight was
precipitated at the Sheridan tunnel which
is about three-quarters of a mile above
the Bullion tunnel, through which the
mines are worked and where the principal
boarding; and bunk houses and other
buildings and the upper terminal of the
main tramway are located.
During last night a number of union
miners went, up to a point near these
'places and at 5 o'clock this morning, it is
said, sent a man with a message to the
men working with William Jordan to the
effect that if they would stop work and
come down the hill there would be no
trouble. ¦ In response to this message it
is said the union men were fired on, re
sulting in the instant killing of Barthtell.
Jordan and his crew then sought refuge In
an old tunnel and it^ was while running
for its mouth that Jordan was . shot
thrdugh the hips>At about 11 o'clock an op
portunity was offered to bring Jordan" to
town by an old and unused trail, all other
avenues to the basin being stronglj*
guarded by the union men. The firing
gradually worked down to Bullion tunnel.
, . Communication Is Cut.
Telephone wires leading "from town to
the mines in Marshall and Savage basin
were cut at an early hour and communica
tion shut off until a- late, hour this after
noon. It is impossible to learn any par
ticulars of the fighting, as both sides re
fuse to say anything.- During the day. all
kinds of rumors were rife, some that fif
teen men were ..killed., Late this evening
Dr. Sheldon, who went up this morning,
telephoned that ten men, including the four
mentioned, above, were ' injured and that
they would be sent down as rapidly as he
could dress their wounds. Dr. Sheldon was
shot through the hand by a stray bullet.
The Tom Boy . and Liberty Bell miners
who went to the - Smuggler early this
morning r compelled those properties to
close down and returned to their respect
ives mines this afternoon after it was an
nounced' that a temporary agreement had
been reached by the union arid Edgar Col
lins, .assistant manager. This agreement
is said to be that the company win
draw - all • men from " the mines except a
few watchmen and make no effort to re-
THE DEAD.
JOEDNT BARTHTELX*, a union miner.
J. LUJAN, a Mexican, employed as trammer in the mfne^
THE WOUNDED.
CHARLES MV BECKER, mine superintendent, right hip brok
en and badly shattered by "bullet.
"W. M. JORDAN, shift bos3 and deputy sheriff, shot through,
hips; no bones broken.
JOHN NICHOLSON", shot through head; will probably die.
UNKNOWN MAN, shot through both legs.
DR. SHELDON, shot through the hand by a stray bullet.
Continued on Page Two.
wounded in : the shoulder and Brakeman
Woodside was shot in the body. The
wounded arrived .in Great Falls to-night
at llVclock. Woodside's condition is se
rious, j. ; ' ' . ¦'¦:¦ •,
As train No. 3 was leaving ! Malta Con
ductor J Smith noticed ,• what he'' supposed
to be a tramp on the front end of the mail
car next to the engine. He tried to drive
him off after the train started, but the man
pulled a ; revolver and said he would better
go back or,; he would "be shot. The conduc
tor j returned to the coaches and as Sheriff
Griffith of Valley. County was on the train
arranged 1 with tiim - to arrest the ' man "at
the*next siding. ' \ V; :' "•.
•When the' train [ approached , Exeter; ¦• he
next' siding west of ; Malta, the conductor
signaled^ the) engineer VtbVstop,* ?but 1 ~, the
train only. "slackened . jspeed*,' .The conductor
"signaled ; £ ¦'second ritimeUbutUhe; train- did'
not" stop. "Engineer Jones ' was' during' this
"THREAT FALLS, Mont, July 3.— Train '
No. 3 on the Great Northern, -westbound,
was held up about 2:20 o'clock this after
noon near Wagner Station, 196 miles east
of Great Falls, by three masked men. They
bjew the express car to pieces with dyna-j
mite, tearing off the roof and sides down
to the floor, and then forced the . express ;
messenger to : open- his' way* safe, but it
was empty.* Without asking him to open
the through safe, to which he did riot'
have the combination, they shattered j it
with dynamite and j secured the .'contents.*
It Is reported the ¦ booty -was $30,000, but
this cannot be verified. :
While the robbery - was in progress a
fusillade of shots. wa3 kept. up "along ;the
sides of the coaches, , forcing the ' passen
gers to remain within. Traveling Auditor
Douglass was shot in the arm and slightly,
wounded. A little girl : was also "slightly
NEW YORK, July 3.— The rain
storms of to-day, with the con
sequent fall In temperature, were
a godsend to the bulk of swelter
ing humanity in this city. As
soon as the last storm of the afternoon
had passed over the temperature imme
diately began to recede. The wind which
blew during the storm also commenced to
abate very rapidly, until it assumed the
proportions of a slight breeze only. These
atmospheric conditions, coupled with the
very considerable humidity which came
ts an aftermath of the downfall of water
from the clouds, made the suffering al
most as intense as It was when the ther
mometer had registered several degrees
higher.
Most of the hospitals are already crowd
ed to their utmost capacity, and many of
them have erected tents in their grounds
for the accommodation of the heat vic
tims.
Rapid Increase of Deaths.
The death rate has Increased with such
rapidity that the Morgue Is being taxed
as it never was before, and every avail
able foot of that institution is now occu
pied by corpses. Hospital attendants are
collapsing under the extraordinary strain
to which they have been subjected, and
were It not for the volunteers who have
come to their aid the situation would be
greatly aggravated by enforced neglect of
heat patients.
Although the ambulance service has
been augmented by the addition of auto
mobiles, which hare been* loaned 5 for the
purpose. It is greatly inadequate. The
horses used have been most carefully
nursed along to preserve their stamina,
but notwithstanding this many of- them
have given out. Their places are being
filled from outside sources, and so great is
the scarcity of available animals, because
of the combination of heat and grip with
which New York horses are afflicted, that
it has been necessary to send to other
cities to get a fresh supply.
Rain Reduces Temperature.
When the first downpour of rain struck
the city to-day it was accompanied by
thunder and a fair sized gale, which soon
reduced the temperature 15 degrees. The
humidity made the air so sultry, however,
that the great reduction was not percept
ible to the extent which most people
would imagine. At 12:30 p. m. the temper-,
ature registered S4 degrees, and hajf an,
hour later it had dropped two degrees.
Then it continued to fall as the rain and
•wind appeared, and at 3 o'clock It reg
istered only 76 degrees. By 4 p. m., how
ever, a rise of four degrees was noted. An
hour later the temperature dropped back
one point. Then It went forward again,
and at 5 p. m. it was 77 degrees, and 6
o'clock 78 and at S o'clock SO degrees.
The wind and lightning, which accom
panied the rain, did much damage in the
city, especially out toward Harlem. Many
trees, awning? and buildings were Injured,
but up to 10 o'clock no casualties had been
reported.
Death and Prostration.
There were eighty-nine deaths and 107
cases of heat prostration in the boroughs
of Manhattan and the Bronx during the
hours between 2 a. m. and 10:30 p. m. to
day.
At 12:30 o'clock this (Thursday) morning
It was estimated that the total number of
deaths from heat in the last six days In
Greater New York were 600.
BALTIMORE'S HOT WAVE.
ported Up to Midnight.
Twenty-Seven Additional Deaths Re-
BALTIMORE. Md.. July 3.—Twenty
eeven additional deaths from heat were
reported to the police dp to midnight to
night. Of these fifteen died yesterday but
were not resorted until to-day. Thirty
flve cases of prostration Is the record for
the twenty-four hours ending to-night.
The grand total thus far Is eighty-three
deaths and more than S00 cases of pros
tration. While the maximum tempera
ture for the day was not so high as that
of yesterday, the relative humidity was
greater and the oppressiveness much more
severe. The highest point attained by the
mercury was reported at 3 p. m..' when it
showed 97. six degrees lower than the top
r-oint of yesterday. Shortly after 4 o'clock
a brisk wind and a brief thunderstorm
cooled the air and the mercury dropped
to 84 at S p. in., at which point it remained
until midnight.
DISTRESS IN PHILADELPHIA
for Those Prostrated.
Many Emergency Measures to Care
PHILADELPHIA. July 3.— Although
the temperature did not reach the record
5t made yesterday and Monday by four
degrees, the suffering from the heat and
the fatal results from the torrid wave
¦were nearly as great as on the two pre
vious days. The maximum temperature
to-day was reached at 2 p. m., when the
Weather Bureau thermometer registered
S& 2-10 degrees. . An approaching thunder-
storm then sent the mercury downward,
and at 8 o'clock to-night, when the, storm
arrived, the tempera tare had gone down
to 80 degrees. Humidity, however, then
began to play Its deadly part. The storm
brought only a light shower of rain,
•which was soon dried up by the sun
baked streets, and the percentage of hu
midity went up from 40 to 45, leaving the
city still in an uncomfortable state. |
Up to midnight the number of deaths
attributed to the excessive heat reported
since last midnight was 47, and the pros
trations over 250. The further .reports
from the police stations and hospitals will
considerably increase these numbers. Yes
terday there were more than 50 deaths
and over 300 prostrations. _, ;
Hundreds of horses have perished since
the hot spell began. Many industrial es
tablishments were again either shut down
or working short hours. It was estimated
that only one-third of the working popu
lation of the Kensington manufacturing
district was at work to-day. *
In order that . heat patients can be
promptly attended to the city authorities
have Issued orders that policemen may
seize any near-by team so as to get a pa
tient to a hospital quickly. Tents have
been erected In various parts of the city
to care for the prostrated.
Reports from interior towns of the
State indicate only slight moderation in
the excessive heat of the two previous
days. Nearly all report further prostra
tions, with here and there a death directly
attributable to the heat.
¦ ,,¦ . . -.. ¦¦ - ¦ - --. -¦ -j.-- • . • . ¦
SOME REUEP AFFORDED.
dle Atlantic States.
Showers Fall in Ohio Valley and Mid-
WASHINGTON, July 3.— Hot weather
continued to-day in nearly all sections
east of the Rocky Mountains, but
as a rule showed some, abatement from
the previous day. Reports received at
the Weather Bureau show that
temporary relief came from thunder
showers In many localities. There are no
Immediate prospects of a general break
in the hot spell. During the afternoon
showers In the Upper Ohio Valley and the
Middle Atlantic States caused a. decided
fall In the temperature. Almost similar
conditions are expected to-morrow, except
that the area over which the storms may
appear may be extended. The slight dis
turbance noted last night in the West In
dies Is not making any marked advance
and the relief hoped for in that direction
is not materializing. The area of low
pressure In the Lake Superior region is
moving very slowly .to the northeast and
remains practically Mifeless, so that lit
tle relief is expected from that source. It
will be warm again in the morning,
Weather Bureau officials say, and the
only appreciable breaks In temperature
will result from local storms.
Ninety degrees and over were recorded
to-day in Atlanta, Boston, Cincinnati,
Davenport. Denver, Des lloines, Indian
apolis, Little Rock. New Orleans, Mem
phis. New York, North Platte, Omaha.
Pittsburg, Salt Lake, St. Louis, St. Paul,
Springfield. 111., and Vicksburg, while in
Kansas City the thermometer registered
102 and In Phoenix, Ariz., 106.
Hot weather generally prevailed in
Kansas and Missouri, these States getting
little relief.
In Washington the thermometer reached
a maximum of 96, but toward evening it
grew gradually cooler, until at 8 oldock
SO degrees prevailed. There were fifteen
prostrations from the heat and two deaths
reported up to 10 o'clock to-night.
HEAT DRIVES MEN TNSANTL
Great Hwnidity the Cause of Much
Suffering and Many Deaths.
CHICAGO. July 3.— While the tempera
ture of to-day was lower than several
days for the last week, the great humid
ity made It one of the most uncomfort
able days this city has experienced dur
ing the summer. There were three deaths,
sixteen prostrations and one case of in
sanity due to the heat. The last case
•«ras that of Mrs. Mary Brown, whose de
mentia made her 'enter the residences of
her neighbors, where she smashed furni
ture, glassware and pictures. She was re
moved to the Detention Hospital and is
expected to recover. ¦•.-.¦
• The maximum temperature of the day
was S4 and the humidity was 89. Warmer
weather Is predicted for to-morrow.
KANSAS CITY, July 3.-Kansas City to
day was the center of the hottest area in
the country- Within a radius of 200 miles
of this city the thermometer ranged from
96 to 108 degrees. In Central . Kansas hot
winds are reported as literally burning up
all vegetation. At Leavenworth, Kans.,
the highest point recorded In this part of
the country for yeaxs was reached, the
Government thermometer In that . city
marking 108 at 3 o'clock. Other records
in Kansas: ""v
Hutchinson, 105; Fort Scott, 104; Atchi
son, 100; Arkansas City, 98.
In Missouri— Sedalia, 104: Kansas City,
Humidity Has Caused Unusual Suffering in
the East and Since the Hot Wave Began
There Have Been About 700 Deaths
RAINSTORMS RELIEVE
SOME CITIES FROM
SUN'S FATAL GLARE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Cities. Deaths.
ITew Tork 493
Temperature.
85
Baltimore 126
Pittsburgh 60
Philadelphia 97
81
91
Boston 6
90
Cleveland 12
Chicago 5
Albany 5
"Washington -7
76
84
- 86
Cincinnati - 7
88
Other places (estimated) 100
85 to 106.
TotalDeaths 718 ''
Cities. Deaths.
ITew Tork 493
Temperature.
85
Baltimore 126
Pittsburgh 60
Philadelphia 97
81
91
Boston 6
90
Cleveland 12
Chicago 5
Albany 5
"Washington -7
76
84
- 86
Cincinnati - 7
88
Other places (estimated) 100
85 to 106.
TotalDeaths 718 ''CHAIRMAN OF THE EPWORTH LEAGUE COMMITTEE ON DECORA
TIONS, WHICH HAS GIVEN SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MAK
ING OF AN ARTISTIC DISPLAY DURING THE CONVENTION. l
DEAD BABT POUND— The body of a full
grown girl baby < was found yesterday morning:
on the sidewalk ;in front : of 5V4 Grand street.
The corpse -was wrapped in newspapers. The
baby had been dead. for several days. It. was
taken to the Morgue., - *¦ ...>.,^ , , ;
NORFOLK, Va., July 3.— John M. Sher
wood, secretary and assistant treasurer ot
the Seaboard Air Line, died at' his home
In Portsmouth to-day, aged 42 years. -
: BURLINGTON, Iowa,' July 3.— Louis
Weinstein, a well known editorial writer
on the Burlington Hawkeye, «lied to-day,
aged 56 years." . • ...
' s John M. Sherwood! ' " v
Louis Weinstein.
ST. PAUL, Minn.', July 3.— The ; .ther
mometer stood at above 90 most '. of the
day, touching 92 late in the afternoon.
Ona prostration was reported, i The, sta
tions, nqrth.of here continue to report
lower temperatures, with rain. . Several
points in North Dakota report excessive
ly heavy rains, ' causing damage in the
wheat fields. . .
NEW YORK, ' July 3.— Thunderstorms,
with resulting cool breezes, came to the
relief of New Jersey this afternoon. Dur
ing.- last night and to-day the. deaths in
Newark directly attributable to the heat
numbered fifty-one. In Hoboken and its
suburbs there were nineteen deaths.
Paterson ran Its number up to eleven for
the twenty-four : hours ending to-night.
The grand total. /for the State will be in
the neighborhood of 100 for the day.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 3.-Although
the weather has become several degrees
cooler,, the highest • temperature being 81,
there were four deaths and seven prostra
tions to-day. The temperature to-night re
mains about as during the day, and to
morrow promises to be much warmer.
Cool Breezes and. Storms Come to the
Relief of New Jersey.
DEATH LIST INCREASES.
WICHITA,. Kans., July 3.— Intense . heat
is i prevailing here. At the Government
observatory, to-day the mercury reached
100 and in private offices at 7 o'clock this
evening it stood at 109.
TOEEKA, Kans., July 3.— At 3 o'clock
this afternoon the thermometer regis
tered 102 degrees of heat. At Hays City
the Government record was 104; Fort
Scott, 103; McPherson,' 103; Dresden, 101;
Concordia, 100; Osage City. 100.
One man went insane from the excessive
heat here to-day.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July. 3.— The tem
perature at Louisville fell to 71 at 7
o'clock this afternoon after a heavy
thunder-storm, although 90 had been re
ported at 2 p. m. There were two prostra
tions
j 101; Joplin, 100; Springfield. 96. In Kansas
City the record of yesterday was exceed
ed by one degree, and five 'prostrations,
none of which it' is believed will prove
fatal, were reported. In Joplin the drought
of the past ten days has so reduced the
water supply as to threaten a shutting
down of many mining plants unless rain
comes soon. -• • .
PITTSBURG, July 3.— At midnight the
temperature stood at a living figure — 78 —
the rains of the day and night having
served to relieve the torture for the pres
ent, at least. Up to midnight twenty
deaths and forty-eight prostrations
caused by heat had been reported.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 3.— The maxi
mum temperature reported here .to-day
was 97 and the minimum 83. Four deaths,
one a violent one, a man named Fisher,
who fell from a fourth story window,
and fourteen prostrations occurred.
. PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.-Petltlons In
Insolvency | were filed - yesterday : as follows In
the United States District Court: J. V. Fraga.
ot Oakland, a deckhand, liabilities $1870 73. as
sets $1200:- Georg-e* W. Shriner. manufacturer
of furniture, San . Francisco, liabilities $1799 64,
no assets. Creditors ; of Patrick' • O*Brren,
grocer at 2044 Howard street, filed a petition to
have him declared an involuntary Insolvent. \r
Secretary Root Announces the New
Stations for Troops From the
•Philippines. ,.
WASHINGTON, July 3.— Secretary Root
has Issued orders assigning to stations In
the United States the troops Just returned
from the Philippines. The order assigns
the Fourth Cavalry, headquarters, staff
and band' and two squadrons to Fort As
sinniboine,' Montana, and the remaining
squadron to the . Department of the Co
lumbia."
Coast Artillery— The Twenty-ninth and
Thirtieth companies to the Department of
California; the Thirty-second and Thirty
third companies to the Department of the
Columbia. ' . "
Field Artillery— First Battery to San
Francisco; Eighth Battery to Vancouver
Barracks, Washington; Twelfth Battery
to Fort Douglas, Utah ; Thirteenth Bat
tery to Fort Logan, Colorado. ,
• Fourteenth Infantry— The headquarters,
Btaff and band and the Second Battalion
at Madison • Barracks, New York;, two
companies at Fort Porter, New York, and
two companies at . Fort . Niagara, New
York. ':>¦•: • - / ¦¦;** '« -.\ -'• -: ¦
Eighteenth Infantry— Headquarters, staff
and band and the Second and Third bat
talions to the Department of the Colorado,
the headquarters, staff , and band to take
station at Fort Douglas, Utah. . .
KEGIMENTS ASSIGNED
; BY WAR DEPARTMENT
A Ministerial crisis has been averted
in Venezuela. President Castro will soon
make a tour of the republic.
WASHINGTON, July 3.-No official in
formation has been received by the State
Department regarding the report that the
Warner-Quinlan syndicate has taken pos
session of the Felicldad asphalt property
under authority of a decree from the
State Court in Venezuela, and that after
ward the New York and Bermudez Com
pany had re-entered with a strong guard.
¦The department has unofficial informa
tion that the Warner-Quinlan Company
had what purported to be an order from
the State Court authorizing it to , take
possession, but that the court in Caru
pano subsequently declared this order to
be invalid and refused to issue an order
giving it possession. In view of this
decision by the Carupano court and re
peated statements or President Castro
that the matter Is to be left to the courts
it is believed by the State Department
that the President will' not furnish; mili
tary support to the Warner-Quinlan Com
pany, and it is believed that no further
attempts will be made to oust the New
York and Bermudez Company pending a
decision of the Supreme Court on the
question of ownership.- - -
Quinlan will petition the Government
on behalf of his .syndicate that troops
maintain possession of the mines. This
request, it Is thought, will be granted.
It is probable that a conflict will take
place. The Federal Court of Venezuela
is still considering the appeal regarding
the title to the asphalt mines.
SAN JUAN, July 3.— According to pas
sengers who have . arrived here on a
steamer from Venezuela the "Warner-
Quinlan syndicate has taken possession
of the Felicldad' asphalt mines under au
thority of a decree by the State Court
Armed men were necessary to enforce the
decree. The New York and Bermudez
Company subsequently had a strong
guard to re-enter the property. • .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Syndicates May Soon
? Have a Battle in
Venezuela.
GUARDSRULE
ASPHALT LANDS
GEORGE NORTON, chairman of
the Epworth League committee
on decorations for the interna
tional convention, states that the
plans for adorning the city for
the -occasion are complete. The aim of
the league officials is to give the city a
gala dress surpassing anything hitherto
attempted in that line. Special attention
has been given to the matter of making
an artistic and harmonious .display and
if private Individuals assist to the extent
expected the effect will be most gratify
ing.
The ferry station will appear the same
: as during the visit of President McKln
ley, as will also The Call building and
the City Hall. Hale Bros.. S. N. Wood
and the Emporium have all promised to
do something elaborate in the way of dec
orations. At Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and
Seventh streets festoons of electric lights
will be stretched across Market street
and dependent will be Maltese crosses in
the Epworth League red and white.
Bunting and the league flags will be
Life.
MANILA, July 3.— An engagement last
ing three days has occurred at. a point
thirty mile3 east of Zamboanga, island of
Mindanao, between Datto TJlm and his
followers and the followers of Datto
Sobyman. Datto Tjim is a vassal of the
Sultan of Mindanao and Datto . Sobyman
is independent The losses on both sides
were heavy and the result of the engage
ment indecisive. ¦ , .
The Sultan of Mindanao, who is friendly
toward the • Americans, professes Ignor
ance as to the cause of the outbreak be
tween the two dattos.
FRESNO, July 3.— Henry Lewis of San
Francisco and "Dixie Kid" of. Fresno
fought twenty rounds In this city this
evening before a large number of specta
tors. Honors -were about even up to the
twentieth round, and just two minutes be
fore time was called " in the last round
Lewis was given -the decision on; a foul
Ed Brown of this city was referee.
Engagement on the Island of Minda
nao Causes Heavy Loss of
DATTO TJIH IN BATTLE
WITH DATTO SOB"xTVLA2I
LOS ANGELES. July 4.— "Within the last
few days an effort has been made to or
ganize a street railway employes' union,
•with especial reference to the Traction
Company's men. The attempt has been
followed by disastrous results, for the
company, learning- what was going on,
has summarily dismissed five of its em
ployes who took a leading interest in the
Infant 5 organization. The officers of the
company say they will recognize no' union.
What the men will do will be decided at
a meeting that is still in session at this
hour, 2:30 a. m.
In response to a circular, abouf twenty
men, nearly all of them conductors ; and
motorneers in the employ of the Traction
Company, held a meeting on Saturday
Preliminary steps toward the formation
of a union were taken, and Stephen W.
P.eardon was elected president. On Mon
day the company notified Reardon and
Freeman that their services were no
longer needed. The next day Smith and
Kads were let out. Testerday Conine was
dismissed. No reasons were .given.
charges Five Men.
Los Angeles Traction Company "Dis-
TLQM.TUSG A MEW TTNIOTi.
nations early in the week. Not a wheel is
turning in the great railroad yards except
those of the switch engines, j which are
kept at work "making up" passenger
trains.
The doors of all the railroad houses ex
cept those of the Chicago and Alton and
Big Four are closed. The Illinois Central
imported 120 carpenters from Cairo to
build bridges. Upon their arrival an effort
was made to induce them to fill the strik
ers' places, but they refused.
The same road imported two carloads of
negroes from Mounds, 111., where they
have been loading freight. When the men
arrived and learned that a strike was on
they refused to go to work and asked to
be sent home.
Chief of Police Hayes keeps a reserve
force of men constantly at the station to
answer any calls that may be sent in.
road Company, which is In the hands of
a receiver..
Special officers from all points along the
lines of the roads are arriving daily. Sev
eral hundred deputy marshals patrol tho
yards constantly, but violence has not
been attempted. The strikers hold ses
sions daily In their headquarters at
Jackiesch's Hall. Groups gather about the
warehouses, but make no attempt to use
force, "v. '/*•... . -, r\:\ ....
. ]¦'¦¦, -. Loaded Cars Idle. '
Thousands'of loaded oars are Idle. Many
contain vegetables and perishable goods
that should have been sent to their desti-
Meanwhile a large crowd' gathered . on
the Plaza -de Maison, near the- Govern
ment palace. A line was Boon formed by
about 5000 persons. The procession then
started to the offices of the newspapers
supporting the unification bill. The police
intervened, but tried in vain to prevent
an assault on the offices. The crowd,
smashed the windows and tore down the
electric lamps. , .
The* day's stirring events • began' when
numerous students assembled In front of
the House of Congress. A delegation en
tered and delivered a note signed by thou
sands of persons protesting against the
unification bill. ¦ • - -
BUENOS AYRES, July 3.— Buenos
Ayres presented to-day an aspect such as
one would expect on the . eve of a. revolu
tion. It has been a long time since the
people have shown such evidences of hos
tility to the administration, owing to a
plan to force through Congress a bill for
the' unification of the public debt. Blood
was shed. The political atmosphere
seems to be growing hotter and grave
fears are expressed as to the 'outcome. *¦¦
Special cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1301. by the Herald Pub
lishi'nir Company. (
Turmoil in Buenos Ayres
. Portends a Revolu
. tion.
RIOTERS ALARM
THE OFFICIALS
PITTSBURG, July 3.— There were
few developments to-day in the
strike situation of the sheet steel
and hoop workers. Neither of the
combines affected has seemingly
made any attempt to break the solid front
of the men at any of the union plants.
They still announce that mills not running
this week are shut down for repairs.
President Shaffer of. the Amalgamated
Association stated this morning that he
had called upon officers of the independ
ent sheet plants in reference to the recent
cut in prices made by the sheet combine,
and they all agreed that the reduction
was made to keep the independent con
cerns out of the market.
- "If they persist in this," said, he, "I will
call a conference with the independent
people next year and arrange a scaie with
them."
"When asked if he expected any develop
ments soon he said:
"I expect to get into communication:
with the combine people soon. They called
for me by long-distarice telephone yester
day, but when I reached the office I was
unable to get them. I am to call them up
Boon and there may be some results."
"When seen later President Shaffer said
the telephonic 'nterview with the combine
officials had been unsatisfactory on ac- .
count of the wire condition and was bar
ren of results.
The signatures to the Amalgamated
1 scale of the Kansas City Bolt and Nut
Company of Sheffield, Mo., and Phillips,
L-imick & Co. of the Sligo mills of this
city were received at headquarters to-day.
Freight Handlers Strike.
ST. LOUIS, July 3.— A total of 1805 men
employed as freight handlers, drivers of
transfer wagons and platform clerks by
the twelve railroads in East St. Louis,
III., are out to-day as a result of the
strike of freight handlers for an advance
in wages. Of this number 1155 are freight
handlers, the others being 350 drivers and
"Under the old Government in Hawaii
the Japanese Government permitted thou
sands of laborers to go to Hawaii under
contract to work on the plantations.
After the immigration laws of the United
States were extended to Hawaii, putting
a stop to contract labor, Japanese labor
ers were debarred. Chinese, who are the
best of all plantation laborers, are not ad
mitted since the annexation of the islands
to the United States. The Hawaiian plan
ters believe that the Filipinos would fill
the needs. No action has yet been taken
on Haywood's .request. . ..
Before the decision of the Supreme
Court as to the status of Porto Rico, sev
eral shiploads of Porto Ricans were taken
to Hawaii. Haywood says they are doi:ig
well, but not a sufficient number can be
had, and their physical condition is such
that it takes a long time to build them
up for plantation work after their arrivai
in Hawaii. Meanwhile, the sugar plan
tations are suffering for labor.
"WASHINGTON. July 3.— Wiiliam Hay
wood, who represented certain business
end commercial interests of Hawaii in
Washington, has requested the Govern-|
ment to grant permission for the landing,
of a shipload of Filipinos in Hawaii for
labor purposes. He went before the "War
Department with his proposition, then be
fore the Treasury Department and to-dav
he saw the President.
Efforts Made to Have
Them Admitted as
Laborers.
HAWAII WANTS
THE FILIPINOS
Cases of Flagne in Brazil.
"WASHINGTON, July 3.— The State De
partment has been advised by cable of
the appearance of two cases of bubonic
plague at Para, Brazil.
Commission, was one of the President's
callers to-day. He says the full report of
the commission will be completed in about
a month.
Admiral Walker Visits President.
¦WASHINGTON, July 3.— Rear Admiral
"Walker, president of the Isthmian Canal
KANSAS CITY, July 3.— In answer to
a petition filed by attorneys for the Riv
erside Iron Works Company Judge Phil
lips of the Federal Court has issued an
order enjoining the members of Lodge
No. 82, International Association of Ma
chinists, from interfering with or in
timidating the employes of the company.
Copies of the " petition were served on
prominent members of thcunion.-
by a Federal Court.
Strikers in Kansas City Are Enjoined
CDfCTNITATi; July S.— Judg» Thomp
son of tha United States court, in tha ab
sence of Judg» Clarke to-day, allowed a
temporary Injunction against the striking
machinists. He said that upon tha appli
cation and the affidavits accompanying it
a temporary order would issue and that
the hearing on its merits could bo had be
fore Judfe Clarke next week.
The order enjoined the defendants from
picketing or patrolling around the fac
tories of the plaintiffs and from guarding
the doors or the streets in front of the
factories and from interfering in any way
•with employes now in the factories. It also
forbids the use of violence, threats or in
timidation to induce any person to leave
the employment of the plaintiffs or to pre
vent any one from entering into their em
ploy.
Attorneys for the defendants complained
that the allowance of a temporary injunc
tion might delay a hearing upon its mer
its, and Judge Thompson ¦ thereupon
agreed to hear a motion in the afternoon
to dissolve the temporary injunction.
After an extended hearing counsel for tha
plaintiffs consented to a slight modifica
tion of that part of the order which for
bids the defendants from entering the
premises of the plaintiffs for the purpose
of impeding their business. A strenuous
effort was made to have stricken out the
order against picketing, but it was unsuc
cessful. No further changes were allowed
and the Judge set July 15 for a hearing
for a permanent injunction.
TW I IfrsW 1 NOT I Ni'l'HRT'TT'R.Tp;,
.United States Judge Grants
the Temporary In
junction.
NO PICKETING,
SAYS THE COURT
Striking Machinists Must
Call in Their Pa
trols. • -
PLANS FOR DECORATING
THE CITY ARE COMPLETE
San Francisco to Be Dressed in Gala. Attire
During the Visit of, Delegates to the
Convention of the Epworth League
used extensively in both street and inte
rior decorations. It is planned to have
Mechanics' Pavilion adorned in an excep
tionally artistic manner. Kearny and
Montgomery streets will be decorated as
far as Pine.
Mr. Norton makes an earnest appeal
to the business men and general public
to assist in beautifying the streets and
buildings of the city for the convention.
It is suggested that the Epworth League
colors with emblematic designs be used
freely. As the convention is international
In character, embracing this country and
Canada especially, it Is further requested
that the American and British flags be
also used.
So many more delegates are coming
than was expected that the league offi
cials fear difficulties in securing quarters
for them; and it is desired that ail indi
viduals who may be able to furnish lodg
ings for any number of people will com
municate the fact to C. H. J. Truman,
secretary of the entertainment committee,
at the Young Men's Christian Association
building.
MORGAN COMBINE
GETS THE LINE
Northern Pacific Steam
ships Go to the
r Syndicate.
George Dodwell Practically
Confirms Report of
-Transfer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, July 3.— The report of tha
transfer of the Northern Pacific steam
ship line to the big transportation corn
bine of J. Pierpont Morgan and James J.
Hill is practically confirmed, by Georga
Dodwell, head of the firm of Dodwell &
Co., owners of the line. Dodwell, who
was in Seattle to-day, declared the report
of the sale to be premature, but made no
denial. Well informed transportation
men here, who have followed the move
ments of Morgan and Hill very closely,
say that the transfer of the control of the
Northern Pacific line has already been
made and It Is now a part o:f the around
the-world- combination. The line will con
tinue to be operated from Tacoma. in con
nection with the Northern Pacific, but
will bear the friendly relation with the
Nippon Yusen Kaisha,. the Great North
ern steamship line from Seattle, that ia
known to exist between the two trans
continental railways.
Another important move was made here
to-day, closely connected with the opera
tions of the big combination and looking
to the amalgamation of Important inter
ests in Puget Sound and Alaska transpor
tation, now represented separately by
Dodwell & Co.'s Washington and Alaska
Steamship Line and the line of the Pa
cific Coast Company. A conference was
held here, attended by George Dodwell,
Fred Dodwell, hl3 brother and partner;
J. D. Farell, president of the Pacific Coast
Company; Samuel H. Piles, attorney for
the latter company; Hugh C. Wallace of
the Northern Pacific Steamship Company
and James M. Ashton. lately attorney of
the Northern Pacific and owner of a num
ber of Puget Sound craft. The confer
ence. It is said, looks to the consolidation
of the Dodwell and Pacific Coast Com
pany lines to Southeastern Alaska, and,
further, to the Pacific Ccast Company ob
taining control of the Dodwell and other
steamers plying between Puget Sound
ports and Victoria, B. C. As is well
known, the Pacific Coast Company is iden
tified with the Great Northern Railway,
while the local and Alaskan lines of the
DoOwells have always handled the North
ern Pacific business.
The combination to-day made an offer
to Ashton to purchase the Sound steam
ship State of "Washington and to John II.
Thompson for the purchase of the newly
launched Majestic, which was built for
the Victoria run. Both vessels, It Is said,
will be procured.
The ultimate intention of the Hill-Mor
gan interests, as made plain by recent de
velopments, is to control the large share
of trade from the ports of Puget Souni
to the California ports by the Pacific
Coast Company, to Alaska by the Pacific
Coast and Dodwell lines and to the Orient
by the Northern Pacific Steamship Com
pany and the Nippon Yusen Kaisha.
GREAT NORTHERN
SLASHES RATES
Railroad War Begins for
the Summer Tourist
Business.
ST. PAUL, July 3.— The Great Northern
to-day met the action of the westward
lines through Kansas City and Omaha in
placing low rates In effect to Salt Lake
and Denver for the summer tourist busi
ness by cutting first-class rates to Mon
tana points and Spokane to the lowest
figures they have ever reached. The ac
tion was without warning and precipitates
a severe fight for the summer movement
west.
The new Great Northern rate to Bu]tte.
Helena, Great Falls and the principal
Montana point3 is $15, with a limit of
August 13. and gives a round-trip for only
$3 more than the present first-class fare.
The Spokane return rate Is 540. The new
rates will go Into effect Saturday and
will continue for one week.
Officials of the road were unable to state
whether the new rates would be continued
more than a week. It Is probable that the
action of the Great Northern will be fol
lowed by a similar announcement from
the Northern Pacific.
The smaller the wife's pocket book the
oftener the husband la called upon to fl.ll
It.
DIPLOMAS GIVEN
TO NEW DOCTORS
Graduates From College
of Physicians and
Surgeons'.
The commencement exercises of the
graduating classes of the medical, dental
and pharmaceutical departments of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons held
last night at Metropolitan Temple were
witnessed by a large crowd. The exer
cises were opened by an Invocation by
the Rev. L. C. Sanford. A musical pro
gramme was then rendered, followed by
a distribution of diplomas by J>r. "Wins
low Anderson. The exercises closed with
an address by Professor A. E. Osborne.
Those who received diplomas are the
following named:
Medical class— Fred Emerson Allen, George
Harper Bland, Perley Raymond Brenton, Russ
Ransori Bullock, J. Emmet Clark, Albert Nas
sau Cooper, D. D. S.; Joseph Russel Cornell,
Oral I. Daley. W. N. iyArcy, Joseph Leal
d'Azevedo. Louis P. Doraia. ¦ Salem Wales
Goodale, A. Martin Gregory. John Fenn Hart.
M. D. ; Rufus Milton Hig-glns, £>. D. S.; Addl
son Cyrus Hinkson, Klyomltsu Ikeuchl Louis
Jacobs, James Burl Kelley, John Walter Key,
W. R. T. McLain, M. D.; Louis Carl Mendel;
Herbert Henry Clargro Mills; Effle G. Walte-
Paterson, "Walter* F. -Perclval, George G.
Reinle, M. D - George Lee Sanders, "Waldemar
Herbert von Scholtz, M. D. ; Homer H. Shef
field, Manuel Silveira da Sllva, M. D. ; Carroll
O'Brlon Southard, Bertha "Wagner-Stark, M.
D. ; John M. Stowell, Anna E. Sweat, Charles
Edward Taylor, Richard Frank Tomllnson, M.
D. ; M. Rollin Walker and Charles Harper Wal
worth, M. D.
¦ Dental class— Elmer Franklyn Beach, TVU
lard S. Beach, Chauncey 1* Bonstell, Robert
Howard Burr, Rosa Mae Close, Bertram F.
Coleman, Werton Joseph Congdon, Robert B.
Criswell, Charles William Decker, James Ru
fas Fowler, Ernest Leslie Freitas. Andrew Lee
Gibson, Frank Randolph Gibson, James Fran
cis Gough, William Greene, Walter Hargrave,
G. N. Harris, Walter Neal Jackson, Julius
Phillip Jaegellng. Emlle Bowdoin Potter Kemp,
Ethelbert W; Leslie, Robert T. Leslie. Samuel
T. Luce, T. Edward Moore, Charles Alfred Mor
ris, "William J. Mosher. Holland M. Nuckoll*,
Victor P. Orella, Edmond Pitres, John J.
Qulnne, Francis E. Rea, Elizabeth Ellen Rich
ardson, Carl William Schacht, Charles Frede
rick Schulthles, Edgar Francis Scott, George
Frederick Shepherd, Charles H. Smith. Hal
Othro Smith, Thomas Sanders Stealey. Frede
rick Robert Stokes, Gustav H. Therkof, Aimer
Fletcher Veale, M. D. ; George Harvey Walker,
William A. Whelan and Paul Wlsmer.
¦ Pharmaceutical class— Henry Albert Louis
Bahlmaijn, Clement Lyon Brled, Lonla P.
Dorals, Charles Edgar Driver, Frederick How
ard Egrsert, Charles Edward Foster, Lillian
Gertrude- Gregory. Arthur James Griesche,
Fred Charles Keck,.M. D.; Wallace Longfellow
Meyers, Frank C. Newton, M. D. : Carl Le
monde Powers, Melvln Arthur Shade, Francis
Dudley Sheldon. Charles H. D. Smith, Alfonso
TIrunuela.- B. S., and Aimer Fletcher Veale,
M. D.
. A banquet was tendered the new medi
cos, dentists and druggists at the Califor
nia Hotel by the Alumni Association of
the college after the exercises. ¦"¦
Mrs. Mayhew Wins Suit.
Judge Hebbard yesterday, decided In fa
vor of Mrs. Georgia E. Mayhew in her ac
tion against the executors of the will of
the late Annie • Elizabeth Greene, brought
to recover possession of x bonds of the
Southern Pacific valued at $10,000. After
Mrs. Greene's death her executors found
the bonds In her safe deposit vault. Mrs.
Mayhew sued to - recover them on the
ground that Mrs. Greene had made her a
present of the same "and that they were
deposited in Mrs. Greene's vault solely
for safe keeping. Judge Hebbard held
that Mrs. Mayhew's proofs were sufficient
and gave judgment accordingly. Mrs
Greene was the mother of Clay M. Greene
and a cousin of the plaintiff.
STEEL WORKERS EXPECT
TO WIN THEIR STRIKE
President Shaffer of the Amalgamated Asso-
ciation Fails' to Hold Any Communication
With the. Representatives of the Trust
800 clerks who struck out of sympathy for
their fellow employes.
Deputy United States Marshals have
reached there from Springfield, 111, to
guard the property of the Vandalia Rall-
RAINSTORMS BRING RELIEF,
Continued from Page One.
NEW ORLEANS, July 3.— The South
Africa horse and mule trade has shown a
great revival in the last few days. Four
British transports have reached here this
j week to load with animals for Cape Town,
j and four more are dated to arrive during
the week. One thousand mules left on the
Jamaican to-day, BOO mules and horses go
to-morrow, 1500 mules and 1000 horses the
next day. British officers think the pres
ent activity will continue until Christmas.
The British Government has 8000 head of
mules and 7000 horses at Kansas City,
which will be shipped to New- Orleans as
fast as vessels here can load them.
Dr. E. B. Richardson, who has Just re
turned from South Africa, where he has
been in charge of shipments of mules and
horses. Bays the more experience British
officers have with American animals the
better pleased they are. Richardson
thinks the British are very hard on
horses, and the heavy loss of animals is
due to this strain. The horses are allowed
only one day's rest after a sea voyage of
a month and are then hurried forward to
the seat of war. They are put into actual
service at once and get no rest from that
time forward until they are worn out.
LONDON, July 3.— Lord Roberts testi
fied to-day before the royal commission
which Is considering the claims of foreign
ers deported from South Africa. The com
mander in, chief dealt with the^ 'plots
against his life and the deportation of the
ringleaders, lie said the officers and em
ployes of the Netherlands Railroad weTe
so hostile to the . British that many of
them had to be deported. Every consid
eration was shown them. He personally
investigated the majority of cases ¦ and
sanctioned none unless on adequate
grounds. No difference was made on ac
count of nationality.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New Orleans Wharves
Crowded With Ani
• mals for War.
BRITISH BUY
MORE HORSES
J" '. ,'Epeclat Dispatch to ' The ¦ f ' - ' -
: TORONTO, Ont., July 3.— The successful
operation of "wireless telegraphy "between'
points 300 miles apart" was 'demonstrated'
to-day. A message :was, received .about
1:30 o'clock this afternoon from Cape Ray
announcing that the steamship - Lake
Champlaln of the-Elder-Dempster:-line,
when 300 miles distant sent the following
dispatch: • ¦ — • —•¦.-•¦-: _
VTho Lake Champlain will pass " Cape
Ray at 8:30 o'clock "to-morrow evening.
All are well." • •-¦•. -."' •>¦¦'•: '• ¦ •'.¦".
This message was. received at Cape
Ray and easily read. It was immediate
ly sent. to the- company's : offices in
Montreal and Toronto. • The Marconi sys
tem, was used and this easy dispatch and
receipt of the company's ¦ messages will
confirm the Dominion Government in Its
proposed extension of ' the wireless tele
graphy system along - the coast of Nova
Scotia, New Brunswick, the Bay of Fundy
and the Gulf of St. Lawrence. Before
leaving the coast of Great Britain the
Lake Champlain sent ; a -message from a
distance of 200 miles to shore.
Vessel Far Out at Sea
Furnishes Wireless
Message.
Remarkable . Operation of
; 'Marconi's System T of
- .;•;£;• Telegraphy. T^ ¦;
SENDS TIDINGS
MANY LEAGUES
THE SAN FRAlSTClSCp CALL; THURSDAY; JUiY 4, 1901. ,
Beautiful Picture Book of Yosemite.
Send ten cents to the " Southern Pacific
Passenger Department,;. 4 ( : Montgomery
street, San Francisco.' . ¦ ¦. -.-.... . -:- -
For full-infor: .tl on. about established
routes, high class v service, via Biggest
Big -rees,- apply , to nearest agent or 613
Market Btr«t San Francisco. .,• ' ¦¦> - 5 av. r>
Ing Maude Strickland, * a white girl.
Bailey was captured late "last 'night by
William Strickland and . Charles Powell,
who started for SmlthHeld to deliver their
prisoner to Sheriff Ellington. A; mob met
them r four miles from town,": took the
negro and hanged him to a tree.
Auditor for" Santa Fe lines.
TOPEKA, Kans., ' July 3:-J. W. Whit©
of Topeka has been appointed auditor of
all the Santa Fa lines west " of V Albu
querque. . .
Prisoner Is Taken Front Eds' Captors
';¦'• and Hanged to a
Tree.,
CHARLOTTE, N. C, July 3.— A negro
named Jim - Bailey, was lynched near
Smlthfleld, N. C, last night for assault-
HOB LYNCHES A NEGBO
FOE. ATTACKTN-a A GIEI,
Secretary Root escorted General Gomez
to the White House. The Cuban general
was accompanied by his son and Senoir
Gonzales, the private secretary to- General
Wood. The President received the party
very cordially In the red parlor. , .The in
terview lasted about a half-hour. : At Its
conclusion General Gomez reiterated
through his Interpreter that his- mission
to this country is in no way political. He
came here to visit his old friend Senor
Palma, and desired before returning to
Cuba to see President MoKinley, for
whom he has a very high- regard, and to
express ,to him personally >the deep grati
tude he felt for the assistance 'of the
United States in the Cuban struggle. No
politics, he said, had been. touched upon
during the interview, which , was purely
social. The President Invited General
Gomez to be hts guest at dinner to-night.
¦ < Secretary Root remained with the Pres
ident for a short time after. General
Gomez had departed.
WASHINGTON, July 3.— General Gomez
and party wera at the War Department
this morning and after a short conference
with Secretary. Root went to the White
House to see the President. "While Gen
eral Gomez was at the War Department
he met General Miles for the first time.
Famous Cuban General
Greeted at the White
House.
GOMEZ VISITS
THE PRESIDENT
Peace In the Philippines is bound to prove
profitable to '¦¦ all concerned. "Warrlns * condi
tions, whether they be In the Philippines or In
the human stomach, are equally disastrous.
If your : stomach ' has rebelled, ¦ there is one
authority that \ -will . quickly subdue ' It. It • Is
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, and it cures con
stipation, . Indigestion, , biliousness, nervousness
and dyspepsia. See that a private Revenue
Stamp covers the ; neck of the bottle. ,'
Peace in the Philippines.
2
Wins Fight on a Foul.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
PRESIDENT OF THE AMALGA
MATED ASSOCIATION, WHO
IS DIRECTING THE STRIKE.
.What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
• we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
; trust a soap that ' has no
biting alkali in it..
AH sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iyirFO-OAY
Irrf /fffli Wil1 te sold at Prices cor-
XmllnfM responding with our usual
fjfrjgjn reputation for lo-w nsurea.
ulniSn We have all the latest
llnmik novelties, including Chl-
VIllMHi nese S™ 5 ' latest lm-
VlJta/l Proved, extra loud cannon
m/tiftwl crackers, sunflowers, elec-
l/ragn I trie spreaders, chasers
wf^ I I and star mines. Besides
I ,r we have a large line of i
I I improved Roman candles, » J
B - I and the most beautiful
.11 I skyrockets ever produced. -
yyc I Our prices are the lowest
If I WE GIVE MORE FOR 'i~-
II 1 THE MONET THAN
M J ANY HOUSE IN TOWN.
I yrt*x I jk «w Tillrtf\ ct «l w~*> I
I ¦
DR.MEYERS&CO. J|||ll§i^
Specialists. Disease j|§§^ " "^W
and weakness of ffigs??
men- Establis hod ?jjxSjl Jf _f
1S81. Con sultatlon fVV3> .^f^SSfc'afc^f
and private book YV$i \\
free, at office or by 4^JSl. Aj|\ i
mail. Cures guar- [£?H^^^i>
anteed. 731 Mar- t^!«»^!^r
ket street (eleva- A^^P&if-nB
tor entrance), Saa >m\/^^^
— — — ~_ • - ¦*¦
THE WEEKLY CALL
*£l per Y©arjKING EDWARD'S QUEEN
DECORATES WAS. UsTUHSES
INSANE TRAMP
WOUNDS WOMAN
UNDER TWO FLAGS," at the Co
lumbia Theater, still remains the
leading attraction in the play
goers' world. "The sale of seats
has been extraordinary and there
Is as yet no sign of a falling off in the re
ceipts. The production is by long odds
the best that has been seen here for years
from a scenic standpoint, and Miss
Blanche Bates as Cigarette has simply
captured the town. There will be a holi
day matinee this afternoon, and the play
will enter on its third week next Monday
night. j; 0 ;
"The Only "Way" at the Grand Opera
house, interpreted by the Frawley stars,
is doing excellent business. E. J. Mor
gan is the Sidney Carton of the cast,
Theodore Roberts essays Defarge, John
Mason Is seen as Charles Darnay, a X>r.
Nanette is done by H. S.: Duffield, ana
Katherine Grey and Alice Johnson take
care of the incidental parts of MImi and
Lucle Nanette. "Secret Service" will be
put on next week.
• . - ¦ • *
The Sapho of this week at the Alcazar
Theater will be" the Lady Teazle of next
in the charming old comedy of Sheridan
"The School for Scandal." The part of
Lady Teazle is one of Florence Roberts'
most graceful achievements, and the pro
duction Is announced as an unusually
careful and elaborate one. It will, be in
charge of Barton Hill. A matinee per
formance of "Sapho" will be given this
afternoon. f
• * •
"Davy Crockett" is the Central's bill
this week, with James M. Brophy in the
title role. This piece has been well re-
Sudden Shift in the Wind Saves the
Business Center of the Ari
zona Town.
GLOBE, Ariz., July 3.— The fire that
broke out yesterday in Knight Parker's
two-story frame building was caused by
fhlidren experimenting at developing ko
dak pictures. The conflagration spread
southerly, destroying the G. S. Van
Wagenen liquor store and lodging-house,
and threatened to cross Pinal Creek in
spite of the efforts of the locaJ nre com
pany. Suddenly the wind shifted and
saved the town.
The conflagration then turned north and
east, laying the block in ashes on both
Fides of Broad street from the Van Wage
ncn building to the Cochot residence, in
clusive.
The losers and their approximate losses,
after considering insurance, are as fol
lows: Knteht Parker, $2000; Mrs. Grant
Allison. $2000; G. S. Van Wagenen, $3000;
Pascual Xigre. $1000; McKibbett. $3000;
Mrs. Cochot, $1500; Lee Middleton, $800; J.
P. McNeill, ?2500. The personal and inci
dental losses are serious.
The fire, while destroying a few valu
able buildings, operated principally in the
poorest part of the camp, the whole of the
business part of Globe narrowly escaping
by the change of wind and the unprece
dented efforts of the fire company. No
serious casualties occurred.
EXTENT OF LOSSES
TS THE GLOBE FIRE
SANTA CRUZ. July 3.— Leonard Hayr.es
Harris Tremayne and Miss Ida Comfort
Underwood were married last night in
SoqueL The bridal party was driven to
the Congregational Church in a hack
drawn by white horses. Around the neck3
of the horses were wreaths of sxnilax and
the hack was decorated with festoons of
smilax and white satin ribbons. The
chancel of the church was prettily decor
ated- There was a floral arch of white
and green, and suspended from the center
was a miniature angel which held the
wedding beil of white roses.
The groom and the groomsman, Clar
ence Angell. met the bridal party at the
aitar. Mendelssohn's wedding- march was
played. The bridesmaid was Miss Belle
Underwood. Miss Pearl Parrish, the
flower girl, scattered rose petals along
the path 6f the bride, who entered lean
ing- upen the arm of her father, E. A. Un
derwood. She -was gowned in white
Duchesse satin, dress en traine, with veil.
Rev. Wesley Dennett, an uncle of the
bride, read the Church of England ser
vice. Rev. Mr. Dennett was assisted by
Rev. William Tremayne and Rev. G. H.
"\VIIb5n. The ushers were Joseph AngeJI,
AVlliet Ware and C. E. West.
After the church services an adjourn
ment was taken to the Odd Fellows' Hall,
where 200 invited guests enjoyed a wed
ding supper and dancing.
Pretty Ceremony Unites Leonard Tre
mayne and Miss Ida Comfort
in SoqucL
WED ACCOEBING TO
OLD ENGLISH CUSTOM
Wantonly Repays Kind
ness With Pistol
Bullet.
Miss Lauppe' s assailant was apparently
19 or 20 years old. weighed about 125
pounds and had a three weeks' growth of
beard. ¦ He had the appearance of a for
eigner—Italian or Portuguese. He called
at sundown and asked for something- to
eat and Miss Lauppe went Into the house
and procured some bread and meat. When
she returned the man had a revolver in
his hand. Without saying a word he fired
at her and then ran across the field
toward Antelope.
The bullet entered Miss Lauppe's right
shoulder and elbow, penetrating- the
muscle and lodging near the elbow,
whence it was extracted by a physician.
Miss Lauppe's brother, J. D. Lauppe,
postmaster at Antelope, was immediately
notified and telephoned to the Constable
at'Roseville and to the Sheriff at Sacra
mento, but at last accounts the man had
not been captured Miss Lauppe believes
the fellow is insane. He talked In a
broken manner and had a wild look. 'He
made no threats and attempted no vio
lence until she appeared with the food.
SACRAMENTO, July 3.— Louisa Lauppe,
a young woman 25 years of age, residing
with her mother, Mrs.. R. Lauppe, on the
Auburn road, just above Antelope, was
shot in the arm, last evening- by a tramp
who had called at the house for food:
Colored • ex-Soldier Killed During' a
Drunken Row Near Navajo ;
, Springs.
LOS ANGELES, July 3.— Frank Shep
pard, a colored ex-volunteer, was shot
and killed last night near Navajo Springs.
The tragedy was the result of a drunken
row and occurred on a train conveying
troops recently mustered out in San Fran
cisco to their Eastern homes. The mur
derer dropped off the train Immediately
after the snooting and has not yet been
captured. Sheppard's home was in Hunts
ville, Ala. The body was taken to Albu
querque, v";*.' • .; ;
VOLUNTEER. MURDERED
ON PASSENGER TRAIN
VANCOUVER, B. C. July* 3. — The
steamer Hatong from Skaguay to-day
brought $250,003 in 'gold dust and nuggets.
John Hill of El Dorado Creek had $90,000.
The^ principal news from Dawson is of
an exodus to Nome, more than 1000 pros
pectors having gone to Nome within a
week. •
Carnegie Adds to His Gift.
SAN DIEGO, July 3.— Andrew Carnegie,
who recently gave San Diego $50,000 for
a public library building, which is now
in course of construction, has now con
tributed $10,000 additional for furnishing
and otherwise making the library at
tractive. ?'.¦:'-
SAN MATEO, July 3. — The entire county
of San Mateo will Join in a celebration of
the Fourth here to-morrow. The festivi
ties will include a parade, literary exer
cises and dancing throughout the day and
evening in a mammoth new pavilion In
Taylor Park. W. E. Dennison will de
liver the oration, R. H. Jury will be presi
dent of the day and John H. Coleman
grand marshal of the parade. It will be
the greatest celebration ever held in the
county. , - ..
Rushing From Dawson to Nome.
The Fourth in San Mateo.
WASHINGTON, July 3.— The Postoffice
Department to-day issued. the following:
Postofflces established: California State
Line, El Dorado County, Arthur M. Hill,
postmaster; Washington— Newman, Oka
nogan County, Edward Newman, post
master. Postofflce discontinued, July 15:
Washington— Kylor, Ferry County, mail
to Republic. Postmasters commissioned:
Calif ornia^Louise C. Tyler, Eastland;
Oregon— Julius C. Manock, Anglola.
Postmasters appointed: California — Robert
Graham, Clear Creek, Butte County, vice
George Hayes, resigned; D. W. Finch,
Sciith River, Del Norte County, vice Jo
seph L. Lake, resigned; Washington— Mrs.
Rose Mathews, Otter, - ChehaJIa County,
vice Mary Purcell, deceased; Alexander
Mitchell, Dewatto, Mason County, vice
James Murray, removed.
Changes and Appointments Made by
the Postoffice Department of
the Government.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
SEATTLE, July 3.— W. Howard Kerna
ghan, the missing- cashier of the Sunset
Telephone Company, who was married
in this city last Thursday to Miss Edith
Morse and immediately thereafter dis
appeared, returned to the city to-night in
charge of E. A- Gardiner, the private de
tective of the company. Kernaghan was
intercepted on his way east at Ashcroft,
B. C. He started east alone, and through
a letter instructing his wife to follow him
his whereabouts was learned and the
detective sent in pursuit.
Officers of the company said to-night
that Kernaghan had been guilty of only
a Blight indiscretion and would resume
his place in the office. There will be
no prosecution. Kernaghan hails from
Pasadena, Cal.
Pasadena Young Man. Who Disap
peared From Seattle Is Brought
DETECTIVE CAPTURES
HOWARD KERNAGHAN
Much Damage and Frighten
the Guests.
MONTEREY, July 3.— Residents here
abouts were terrified last night and much
damage was done to lawns in town and
to the Del Monte grounds by a herd of
horses that stampeded in the streets
while being driven through to be loaded
on the train for shipment to San Fran
cisco. The horses had been bought from
the various stock ranches in this county
by agents of the German Government and
were in charge of expert vaqueros, but
despite the best efforts of the men the
horses were not rounded up till long past
midnight and were then far out of town.
The stampede -was peculiar, in that the
animals scattered and ran in every direc
tion, some tearing- madly through the
streets of the town and along the beach,
where there were many people, and others
rushing through the open gates of the Del
Monte grounds, over the flower beds and
lawns, through shrubbery "and past guests,
who were enjoying the beauty of the
night.ln the open air. They were finally
corralled out near the new house of
Charles Rolla Peters, the artist. In the
Doud Tract.
Jose Torres, one of the most daring and
skillful vaqueros in the county, was bad
ly injured by riding into an old well,
which he failed to see in the half light.
He only escaped death by falling upon
some cross timbers inside the -well.
Invade the Del Monte Grounds, Causa
HOSSES STAJOPEDE ON"
STREETS OF MONTEREY
SACRAMENTO, July 3.— Dr. H. H. Look
of this city returned to-night from:Duns
muir, whither he -went on behalf of- the
Ctate Board of Health to see ¦. how the
smallpox cases there were getting along.
He found fourteen - cases, but all have
been strictly quarantined, and he feels
certain there v/Ill be no further spread of
the disease. . ¦..".. , • . .
Smallpox Epidemic Checked.
The officers of Oriental Rebekah Lodge
of the I. O. O. F. were installed In Odd
\Fellows'- Hall last night in the presence
'sf many persons by District Deputy Mrs.
Florence Urquard, assisted by Mrs. Lillle
IX Holcomb. acting as marshal, and a
staff of officers in beautiful regalia. The
ceremony was very impressive and at Its
clc^e there was a social hour for the en
tertainment of the new officers, members
and\ guests.
Rebekah Officers.
Dan ' O'Callaghan and Alex. Nelson
Are the agents for the world renowned Progress
Beer, given highest honors at the World's "Fair.
Your judgment is as good as theirs. At all gro
cers; Insist on Progress brand, the most delicious
table beer. Bottled in pints and quarts. - O'Cal
laghan. Nelson & Co., 116 Davis street.' •
•LEADING LADY AT ALCAZAR As'sHE WILL APPEAR IN THE TITLE
ROLE OF SHERIDAN'S "SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL," WHICH WILL BE.
PUT ON NEXT WEEK. '
DENVER MINTNG ¦ Iff ATT
CHARGED WITH FRAUD
Warrant Issued for the' Arrest of O.
A. Pease for Alleged Em
bezzlement.
YUM A, Ariz., July 3.— A warrant has
been sworn out here charging O. A. Pease,
a mining promoter of Denver, Colo., with*
embezzling $15,000. The complainants are
L. F. Bradshaw of Quartzite, Ariz. ; F. W.
Deidersheim of Denver and Richard Dar
ling, superintendent of the Diamond Rid
lite Mining Company. It is alleged that
Pease was appointed by the claimants
trustee of a mining property located at
Quartzite, Ariz., and that he disposed of
the property and appropriated the funds
to his own uses.
It is said that Pease is now in Chicago,
111., and Governor Murphy has been re
quested to issue extradition papers. If the
papers be issued Pease will be brought to
Arizona on a charge of fraud; otherwise
he will be prosecuted in Illinois, where the
alleged ' embezzlement is said to have
taken place. -
"Snnta Cruz Night" in Camp.
SANTA CRUZ, July 3.— Santa Cruz
night was observed at Camp Wallace
Reynolds by the veterans, their ladles and
leading citizens. On the platform in the
assembly tent were seated the Mayor and
the members of the Common Council.
There were short addresses by Major
Parker, D. C. Clark, president of the
Board of Trade and Principal of the Pub
lic Schools; Duncan McPherson, editor of
the Sentinel, and by J. O. Hayes, pro
prietor of the' San Jose Herald. The of
ficer of the day for the Fourth will be W.
H. Lawrence, the guards— John Smelser,
F. H. Klaine, D. W. Pollard and Cyrus
Bibbins.
SAN JOSE, July 3.— Miss Maud E.
Thorpe, a society belle of this city, was
married to-day to Nicholas Sinnott, a mill
owner and lumberman of Humboldt Coun
ty. The ceremony was performed at St.
Patrick's Church by Rev. Father Maguire
in the presence of a few intimate friends.
Miss Anna Darling was bridesmaid. Mrs.
Sinnott is a daughter* of the late James
Thorpe of this city. Mr. and Mrs. Sinnott
will spend their honeymoon at the differ
ent watering places of the State. They
will reside at' Riverside, Humboldt Coun
ty, .where the groom has large lumber in
terests.
SAN JOSE. July 3. — The apricot crop Is
very short this year, and canners are
finding it difficult to procure sufficient for
their pack. Some of the canners have
been buying outside of. the county, and
the Los Gatos Cannery has already re
ceived a shipment of several Carloads
from Sacramento County. From $30 to $40
a ton is being offered the growers of this
county for their 'cots. The crop Is about
two-fifths what it, was last year.
Found Dead in Sis Bed.
¦ SAN LUIS OBISPO, July 3.— Dr. W. W.
Hays was found dead in his bed this
morning. He was 63 years old and had
practiced medicine In this county • since
1S66. He was a Mason and an Odd Fel
low, belonged to the Islam Temple' of the
Nobles of the Mystic Shrine of Los Ange
les and was a member of the Grand Army
of the Republic. He was a member of
the California^ Volunteers, the California
Medical Society and the California Acad
emy of Sciences. •
Wedding Surprises Woodland.
WOODLAND, July 3.— Richard P. Wal
lace, city .editor of "the Mail, and Miss
Nora Elsie Bullivant surprised their
friends by getting married last night.
OHIO BANKING '.HOUSE ' - ¦[
IN RECEIVER'S HANDS
Sturges Institution at Mansfield
Closes Its Doors and "No Ex
7. planation Is. Given.
MANSFIELD, Ohio, July ¦ ' 3.— The
Sturges Bank failed to open its doors to
day and is In the hands of a receiver. The
closing of this bank was followed by the
assignment of Willis M. Sturges, owner
of the bank, and by the appointment of a
receiver for the Mansfield Machine Works,
which. was controlled. by Sturges and his
associates. ¦ , • v
The Sturges Bank was a private insti
tution. Its depositors were mostly grain
men and farmers. ~ Willis M. Sturges is
interested in many enterprises. He was
a breeder of fine cattle, giving, a great
deal of his time to that matter. H. B.
DIrlam qualified as the assignee of
Sturges "this afternoon. A. A. Peck,
president of the company, was appointed
receiver for the ; Mansfield Machine
Works. Sturges owned $82,800 of stock in
this concern and was an indorser for over
$50,000 of its paper. Another stockholder
was the estate of the late John Sherman.
No schedule has been filed yet and no es
timate has been 'made of assets and lia
bilities.
CARNIVAL CROWDS
THRONG' SAN DIEGO
Seven Hundred Decorated Bicycles
Seen in the Wheelmen's
Parade.
SAN DIEGO, July. 3.— With the principal
streets lined with bunting and flags, the
side-walks' "crowded with people and the
cries of the faker mingling with the fan
fare of brass and the din of exploding fire
crackers, the "Fourth of July celebration
and carnival began to-day. All the trains
brought in big loads of passengers and
bigger crowds are expected to-morrow. 1
The streets present a beautiful appear
ance. The fronts of an unusually large
number of buildings are covered with red.
white and blue in pretty designs and
thousands of flags are -waving In the
breeze. ¦ Business houses have attempted
to outdo one another in the elaborateness
and beauty of the display and the result
is admirable. .
Preceding the afternoon vaudeville ex
hibition at the Plaza the band of the Per
ris Indian School gave a brief concert.
The parade of this evening called into line
700 illuminated and decorated bicycles. To
morrow, morning the Fourth of July
parade will be at least two miles long.
Guilty of Looting a "Wreck.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., July 3.-John Wil
son, under indictment on the charge -of
looting the steamer City of Paducah after
it was wrecked on the night of Mav 12
near Grand Tower,- 111., when several. lives
were lost, was to-day found guilty In the
United States District Court. Jerry
Woods, Lewis . Beber, Arthur Hickey,
Daniel Godair and William Cruse are also
under indictment on the same charge and
their separate trials will follow. Woods
saved several passengers from drowning.
Big Stock Issue at Sheffield.
LONDON, July 3.— A meeting of the
Vickers* Sons and Maxim (Limited) share
holders at Sheffield to-day agreed to the
proposal of a new issue of £1,000,000 in or
dinary shares. No mention was made of
any American deals. - •
Sandpiper H First at Newmarket.
LONDON, July 3.— Frank Gardner's
Sandpiper' "II (C. Jenkins) won the race
for a plate at the Newmarket first July
meeting to-day. Richard Croker*s Min
nie Dee (J. Reiff) was second and Halka
finished third. . . \
Epeclal Dispatch to The CalL
TERSIKCAL ISLAND, July 3.— Mrs. F.
TV. Burnett, a well known society woman
of Los Ansreles, this afternoon had a nar
row escape from drowning while in the
eurf. She could not possibly have reached
the shore, had It not been for the prompt
assistance of Mrs. F. "W. King and Mrs.
C. N. Sterry.
Mrs. Burnett 6tarted for a dip in the
surf, which was very heavy, a result of
the blow of the last few days. A huge
wave, coining in with great force, caught
her and tumbled her over, stunning her so
that it was impossible for her to regain
her feet.
Mrs. King, who was just going in bath-
Ing, saw that Mrs. Burnett did not arise,
and hastened to her rescue. She was not
any too soon, for Mrs. Burnett was thor
oughly exhausted from being buffeted by
the breakers. Mrs. King could not man
age her burden alone* and Mrs. Sterry,
seeing her difficulty, went to her assist
ance. Another breaker knocked down all
three women, but the two rescuers clung
to Mrs. Burnett until they reached the
ehore. She was weak and frightened
from her experience, but -was otherwise
uninjured.
Mrs. F. W. Burnett of Los
Angeles Narrowly Es
capes Drowning.
Two Fair Bathers at
Terminal Island Save
a Life.
DRAG COMPANION
FROM THE SURF
Bl>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS, July 3. — Out of the lynching
of old Calvin Hall, his three sons and
Daniel Yantis at Lookout there have de
volved feuds and bitter quarrels that
threaten te involve the people of Modoc
County for years to come. One of the
most sensational incidents resulting from
the lynching occurred to-day, when Su
perior Judge Harrington gave Attorneys
J. E. 'Raker and G. F. Harris the alter
native of paying fines of $500 each or serv
ing five days in the County Jail for con
tempt of court In all probability the
two will serve time rather than pay the
heavy fines.
Raker and Harris appeared' . before
Judge Harrington to-day and applied for
a writ of habeas corpus in the cases of
R. H. Leventon, Isom Eades and J. <W.
Brown, who are under indictment for
having led the mob that lynched the
Halls. They asked that the defendants
be released, alleging that Judge Harring
ton and District Attorney Bonner had
given Witness Colburn "money to remain
in Alturas and testify against the de
fendants; that when Colburn became
frightened and started to leave town the
District Attorney had him placed in Jail
for safe keeping.
Judge Harrington became furious over'
the contents of this application for a writ
of habeas corpus,- and after a terrific
tongue lashing he pronounced sentence
upon the attorneys for contempt of court.
The Judge gave them until July 5 to pay
the money or go to jail.
The attorneys for Leventon, Cades &
Brown, on Monday applied to the court
to learn who sent certain telegrams to
the newspapers in regard to indictments
being found against the prisoners by the
Grand Jury. It seems that the prisoners
under arrest have not been shown the in
dictments against them and have not
been informed officially of the charge un
der which they were arrested, so they
are standing upon the constitutional pro
vision that it is unlawful to detain a man
in prison without Informing him of the
charge against him. They claim that,
while they are kept in ignorance of the
charge, the newspapers are informed of
the secret proceedings of the Grand Jury
and the court.
Judge Harrington Imposes a
Heavy Fine or a Term
in Prison. §Siw
Attorneys, for Lynchers
Are Adjudged in
Contempt. ,
COURT PUNISHES
MODOC LAWYERS
Takes.Wells-Fargo's Box and
Small Sum From Pas
sengers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, July 3.— The Forest Hill
etage was . robbed r to-night this | side of
Dbdd's place, about twelve miles from
here. It was stopped. by a lone highway
man, who was about five feet six Inches
in height. He wore a mask over his face
and sacks on his feet and carried a double
barreled shotgun.
The outlaw commanded Driver Henry
Crockett to stop. Crockett replied in a
jocular way, and the command was re
peated. Crockett shouted that he would
be."cussed" If he would stop, whereupon
the robber shot the horse nearest him.
Having thus brought: the coach to a
halt, the highwayman commanded the
driver and the passengers, five in num
ber, to throw out their purses and Wells-
Fargo's box. About $20 was thrown upon
the ground, together with the box, which
contained $50 in money billed to J. G.
Dodds at Westville. Then. the outlaw dis
appeared; — .-
The Sheriff's office was notified. Sheriff
Kenna is sick in bed, but Deputies Coan
and Dependener - were " soon ' on the road,
while Under Sheriff May was keeping the
wires hot. ' . » •
There have been no stage holdups in a
number of years on this road. . Wells-
Fargo's" shotgun messenger came down
from Forest Hill yesterday, as is the cus
tom now when there is any bullion on" the
stage, r Last week two drummers -were
stood up -and . robbed- just- above. Forest
Hill, and that district appears to be over
run by criminals. \ Among the passengers
on the stage to-day were George Holland
and David • Shepard, r -of- Michigan -Bluffs.
Lone, Highwayman Robs
/the Forest Hill '
Coach.
SHOOTS A HORSE
TO STOP STAGE
JAPANESE SHIP
IS FIRED UPON
British ' Warship Hurls
Solid Shot at the
Takasago Maru.
Permits the Vessel to Proceed
After Her Flag Is
. Hoisted.
¦ — — ? ' . :
Special Dispatch to . Tha Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. July 3.— "Th© Nippon
Tusen Kaisha's steamer Takasagro Maru.
which arrived here from Cheru," says
the Nagasaki Press of June 17, "appears
to have had a " narrow escape from de
: struction, as she was fired on by a Brit
1 ish warship outside .the Island of Linkung
tao. The mail steamer left Chef u, and
when she was running- on a course from
Eddy ''Island to a point two miles off
¦ the ¦ Shantung promontory two British
', warships — the cruiser. Terrible and the
battleship Ocean— supposed to have been
engaged in gun practice, . made their ap
pearance off iWelhaiwei. A distance of
about seven miles separated the Japanese
steamer from the; two -warships. One
of the passengers, who was watching
through his glasses the movements on
the British vessels, remarked that the
battleship was preparing to fire. Shortly
after this a shot fell into the water at
a distance of 200 yards from the steamer,
on her starboard side. The steamer pro
ceeded on her way, but one of the pas
sengers advised the officers to display the
ship's flag in order to show the nation
ality of the vessel. This advice was not
followed.
"The vessel had covered another three
miles when the passenger who was
watching through his glasses said that
the battleship was again preparing to
.fire. This time the shot came much
closer and fell about 100 yards from the
steamer. The second shot caused great
consternation among the passengers, who
beseeched the captain to heave to and
show his colors. This the captain did by
-hoisting a large Japanese flag on the
main topmast. This flag was seen by
the warships, which then disappeared
from the scene and the Japanese steamer
resumed her journey.'.'
MISS ROBERTS TO ESSAY
LADY TEAZLE AT ALCAZAR
''Secret Service" Will Supplant '.'The Only
Way" at the Grand-— Frawley Company
Popular; — Orpheum Bill of First Quality
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,^ JULY- 4, 1901.
Dion Boucicault Takes a Bride.
"LONDON, July 3.— Dibii Boucicault, the
actor, and Irene Van Brugh, the actress,
were married to-day.
Charity Martin, Sig. G. S. "Wanreli;
Anita Fallon, Graham and GrevHle com
pany, Al Hazard, Ingham, Viola Vignette
and Murphy and Hart are in the good pro
gramme of Fischer's Concert-house this
week. . -
The Chutes and Zoo. as special holiday
attraction will have to-night a grand
pyrotechnical display, and a special
vaudeville performance •will be given this
afternoon.
The Orpheum has an exceptionally good
programme this week, almost all new. P.
Richards, a clever cartoonist;: the La 1
Moyne brothers, horizontal 'bar artists;
Blmm, Bomm and Brrr, a dashing trio of
musical clowns; Clayton, White and Marie
Stuart, in • a bright performance 6f
"Dickey"; the marvelous Prospers, acro
bats; Frank Gardner and Lottie Vincent,
in> a new sketch; Kmily Lytton, Charles
Bowser and company, in "A. Wise Guy,"
and Ina Allen, the society vocalist,- with
new blograph scenes, make up the excel
lent bill. A holiday matinee will be given.
"The Babes in the Wood," the Tivoll's
midsummer offering, has struck tWe fancy
of the fun lovers In the popular house's
patronage, and is evidently good until the
grand opera season. Ferris Hartman's
fantasy is remarkable neither for music
nor plot, but it is full of genuine fun, pep
pered with a wealth of apt, up-to-date
local allusions, and has some good songs
that are nightly encored.
ceived with Ce?itral Patrons, and a holi
day matinee will be given this afternoon.
Next week "Held by the Enemy" will hold
the boards, with Mr. Brophy as the sol
dier-lover and Miss Juliet Crosby as the
heroine.
SCRIPPERS LOSE
ON ALL POINTS
General Land Office De
cides the Bell Test
oasG.
VISALIA, July 3.— The decision of the
Commissioner of -the United States Gen
eral ¦ Land Office, j received by Registrar
George W. Stewart of the VIsalia Land
Office to-day, settles the famous test case
of the mineral claimants against the
scrippers. The title of the case is I. T.
Bell and others vs. Richard M. Lyman
and others, and involves section 18, town
ship 23 south, range 17 east, M. D. M. The
decision of the local Land Office in favor
of the mineral claimants is affirmed, and
the Commissioner goes further and holds
mining locations wtihout regard- to min
eral discovery to be an occupation of the
land. The decision affects thousands of
acres and several hundred locations.
Work in South Africa.
LONDON, July 3.— Queen Alexandra, In
company with the King and ' Princesses
Louise and Beatrice: this afternoon I re
ceived 770 Victoria Jubilee nurses on the
lawn of Marlborough House and distribu
ted decorations to tnem. Many of the
nurses have just returned from South Af
rica and others have.been engaged in city
outdoor relief work. Her Majesty said:'
"It is a pleasure to receive you and help
you to carry on the noble work begun by
our deeply beloved Queen Victoria. It is
a satisfaction to be associated with you
in your labor of love. I cannot imagine a
more holy calling than yours. I pray that
God's blessing may be bestowed on your
noble work and that he will have you in
his keeping."- >,',.- 1
"Wrestler McLeod Throws SIharkey.
BUFFALO, N...Y., July 3.— Dan McLeod,
the Scotch wrestler, won his match with
Tom Sharkey, the sailor-pugilist, at the
Broadway "Arsenal to-night. The condi
tions of the match required McLeod to
throw Sharkey. twice within an hour,
eatch-as-catch-can. Sharkey acted on the
defensive and succeeded in holding I Mc-
Leod,off for forty-four minutes and thirty
seconds^ McLeod ¦ . secured the first fall
after nineteen minutes of hard work: The
struggle* of .* the first round *tired ' McLeod
while Sharkey was comparatively fresh
A succession of > bridges finally landed the
sailor. - Time ¦ of last fall, 25 minutes SO
seconds. " ' ¦ . . T. ¦ .; v ¦
Will Have to "Wait for Salaries.
The gaugers and storekeepers employed
In the Internal Revenue Service ; will > not
receive : their ¦ salaries for . the month * of
June until -after Congress assembles next
December. .'.• There is a deficiency In the
appropriation out of I which their salaries
are paid. ¦ . ¦ ¦; ' •
Her Majesty Alexandra Distributes
Medals and Praises Hospital
Back.
3
Shortage in Apricot Crop.
Sdnnott-Thorpe Nuptials.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Does not make the man. w The blood is
the life,™ the vital force of the body. So
it not infrequently happens that the man
who looks to be a picture of physical
Btrength falls a sudden victim to disease.
A proper care for '
the blood would jbj*. >2d!|g?V
serious sickness. lg^t|jn»ai€ > yjjf
The cleansing of £^&*&J^J*mSL,
the blood is per- Vg t_ \ v?J
fectly accoEcplish- W F \/s m /j
ed by the use of f \ f /
Dr. Pierce's Gold- ['Ax (If
en Medical Discov- L^^Jfl** ' Jlk
ery. It drives out BSf/^P
the impurities and
poisonous sub- £T f0^j£aL
stances which cor- t^^^^^^m ***
nipt the blood and «i2f^r35»!3pf3§
breed disease. It M*fjffigjSEWW
increases th* ac- Vf fvs|-gf|Sifg
tivity of ths blood- \ WM EtMfl
making glands, fJ WjSL SBf .
and so increases I*. K£pj filar
the supply of pure >\. fea[ fc§||
blood. <Jt builds [A |g|f! p?|f .
up the entire body ' y Tm H fa
with good sound I ffl W f
There is no al- r]
cohol in "Golden i^ \\
Medical Discov- \^j
ery" and it is en-
tirely free from opium, cocaine and all
other narcotics.
The dealer who offers a substitute for
the " Discovery " does so to gain the lit-
tle more profit paid by inferior medi-
cines. There is nothing. r just as good"
for the blood as * Golden Medical Dis-
covery" therefore accept no'; substitute.
¦ I took fi v- bottles of * Golden Medical Discov-
ery' for ray blood," write* Mr. William D. Shamb-'
lin, of Remy, Cherokee Nation, India* Territory.
*I had 'rinsr worms' on me and I vould burn
them off atrl they -vronld come right l-aci:. and
they were on me when I commenced using •Gold-
en Medical Discovery,' and they went sway and
1 haven't beea bothered any more." \
. Dr. Pifrce's'Pleasant Pellets cure con-
Vtipation. \
PERFECT ')
Used by people of refinement
fbr over a Q-»iarter of a century.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1TT6"I9O1
CELEBRATION.
Headquarters Grand Marshal Colonel
Charles Boxton, California Hotel,
San Francisco, July 4, 1901.
The following announcements are
made for the guidance of all participants
in the celebration for the public sen-
ROUTE OF PROCESSION.
The Ifne of march will be up Market
street to Montgomery, to California, to
Kearny, Kcarny to Market, out Market-
to Van Ness avenue, up Van Ness ave-
nue to reviewing stand, when parade will
be dismissed.
The troops will be reviewed by Major
General S. B. M. Young, U. S. Army, at
Post street and Van Ness avenue.
Carriages will report at New Montgom-
ery street entrance of the Palace Hotel
at 10 a. m., to be assigned to position In
line.
FORMATION.
Police, on Market, left resting on Bat-
tery.
U. S. Army troops, north side- of Mar-
ket street, right resting on Battery.
National Guard of - California.. Buslk
street, right resting on Battery.
Division of Naval Militia, nrst street,
right resting on Market.
Independent Rifles, Battery street, right
resting on Bush.
Cadet Corps Third Congregational
Church, on Battery street.
ORDER OF PROCESSION.
Battalion of. Police, Lieutenant George
Birdsall commanding.
Band.
Grand Marshal, Col. Chas. Boxton.
Chief of Staff, Col. T. C. Masteller:
Crief Aid, William D. Hynes.
Aids to Grand Marshal— A. "W. Voorsan-
ger; C. M. Depew, H. G. "W. Dlnlielsplel.
C. H. Stanyan, Horace "Wilson, R. H.
Jones, T. I. Fitzpatrick, James "W.
Reilly, Geo. Kent Hooper, Harry M.
Kelly, Col. A. Huber. A. Ruef, John
Lackmann, J. C. Klmball.
Third United States Artillery Band.
Detachment of United States troops (by
courtesy of Major General Samuel
B. M. Young, commanding De-
" " partment of California);. Col-
onel Win. M. "Wallace. 15th
Cavalry, U. S. A., com-- "v,
manding.
'Four companies of Infantry.
Two companies foot artillery.
Three troops cavalry.
One battery light artillery.
Major General S. B. M. Young and staff
In carriages.
Major General "W. R. Shatter. U. S. A..
retired. In carriage.
Second Brigade, N. G. C.
First Regiment Band.
First Regiment Infantry, N. G. C, CoL
Thos. F. O'Neill commanding.
Troop A, Cavalry. N. G. C, Capt. Chaa.
Jansen commanding.
Signal Corps, N. G. C.
First Artillery Band.
First Battalion, Light Artillery, N. G. C.
Major H. P. Bush commanding.
Brigadier General "Warfleld and staff la
carriages.
Consuls of France. Peru. Chile, Honduras
and Ccsta. Rica. in. carriages.
Naval Band. •
Division Naval Militia, N. G. C Capt.
T. A. Nerney commanding.
Mayor Phelan, Board of Supervisors and
invited guests in carriages.
Band.
Independent Rifles, Capt. Louis Schneider
commanding.
George . "Washington (Henry Koster) and
maids of honor in carriages.
Band.
Cadet Corps, Third Congregational
Church, Capt. R. B. Moore
commanding.
GENERAL INFORMATION
Parade will start from Battery and Mar-
ket streets at 10:30 a. m.
Open air concerts from 2 to 5 p. m. in
Columbia Square, Union Square and
Washington Sauare.
Grand display of fireworks at Sixteenth
and Folsom streets and In Washington
Square at 8:30 p. m.
Evening exercises, at Metropolitan Tem-
ple, Fifth street, beginning promptly at 8
o'clock, when the following programme
will be rendered.
'. PROGRAMME
•LITERARY AND MUSICAL. EXER-
CISES.
. San Francisco, Cal., July 4. 1901.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Exercises Begin Promptly at 8 o'clock.
1 . OFFICERS:
Colonel J. G. Glestlng; Chairman; Bruc«
Cornwall, Vice Chairman; Colonel Charles
Boxton, Grand Marshal; Edward I. Cof-
f ey, Secretary. .
LITERARY COMMITTEE:
Thomas "W. Hickey (Chairman), Wm. D.
Hynes, Peter J. Curtis, Naph. B. Greena-
felder.
1. Patriotic overture Tully's. Orchestra;
2. In vocation... Rev. Joseph P. McQuaide
(Chaplain First Regiment, N. G. C.)
3. Salutatory Remarks.
President of the E>ay
4. Song, "The Sword of Bunker Hill"
Robert Lloyd
5. Musical. Slelghbells. "Always"
..Miss Nellie B. Waters
6. Poem (original) ....Chas. D. South
- (Read by Robert Downing.)
7. Song, "The Old Flag Forever"
-..; Leila France <
KNICKERBOCKER MALE QUARTET,
Herbert "Williams, first tenor; Dr.
R._W. Smith, second tenor; D. B.
Crane, first bass; L. A. Larsen,
second bass.
8. Reading of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence......... ......... Bruce Cornwall
9. Sod g, "The Star-spangled Banner".
......Miss Etta Welsh
10. Oration.. V Robert P. Troy
11. Song-r. ..."....... —
Mrs. T. C. Masteller (Yves Remynton)
12. Humorous Selections....... W. J. Hynes
12. Song, "My Old Kentucky Home'.*
(arranged by Parks)..........;...;;-.. -
- :....... Knickerbocker Male Quartet
14. Song, "America." The audience Is
requested to rise and sing the na-
tional hymn.
15. Music ................Orchestra
When there is a natural and healthy circulation of the blood, the entire
quantity, estimated at one-eighth the weight of the body, passes through the heart
every five minutes. This rapid flow of the blood through the system prevents the
entrance of disease germs and impurities of every description. It filters out all that
is not necessary or good for the growth and development of the body and nourish-'
ing and strengthening the muscles, tissues,' nerves and bones. But, unfortunately,
few persons can rightly cjl&n an absolutely pure blood supply and perfect and
unpolluted circulation, ana in consequence are exposed to innumerable diseases.
Contagious Blood Poison, the greatest enemy- to mankind, enters the system
through the blood, , and Cancer, Scrofula, Rheumatism, Catarrh, Eczema, Salt
Rheum, Psoriasis, Tetter-^- in fact the majority of human ailments — are caused by
poisons or humors that are engen- »«^» ¦ • .#>
dered and fostered in a sluggish TttB BSWOti IS ZltB SOUI°CB
and impoverished blood. Old ' m '¦ __*
sores, chronic ulcers and rheumatic pains are com- O« ASS StfGtlOiSt
mon, especially among old people,^jyhose blood
naturally grows thin and palebecause of the lack of the red corpuscles that give
color and strength to youthful blood. Sallow complexions and rough, oily skins
evidence some constitutional or blood trouble, -which salves, lotions, powders nor
any, external treatment can cure. Diseases that originate in the blood, -whether
they manifest themselves as ulcers, tumors, itching eruptions, muscular or bone
pains, require a tonic and blood purifier such as S. S. S., which not only antidotes
and neutralizes blood poisons and humors, but possesses health-giving tonic proper- !
¦ ties that no other blood medicine does. ¦ It goes down to the very foundation of
:~~- ' . .. . .' ¦ _ _ ;_ the disease and eliminates from the system every-
PoSStitBO BSOOtS thing of a poisonous character or that obstructs and
- ...- . "¦-¦-•'¦-_ . j^~- . clogs the circulation. It builds up and imparts
Bt°BQtSS DlSBS&SB new strength and vitality to the old innutritious
.blood, and when the arteries and veins are once
more filled with new rich blood/ the general health begins to improve, muscles
grow stronger, and sores and eruptions of every kind disappear.
'".'¦ S^S.S. is the only guaranteed purely vegetable .blood purifier, and the purest
and most reliable in all blood diseases. It has been tested in thousands of cases
[during the past fifty years and is more popular today than ever. We will be glad
to send you o : • book'free, and if in need ot medical advice write our physicians all
about your oisc , : this information will cost ] you • nothing and comes from experi-
enced and educated -J. doctors. All correspondence is con ducted in ' strictest
confidence^ THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, QA.
i • ~. — * ;"*^ffif iSHrrrlWiWBiit'TftfTrrT'TfriiniiBt^'Lf rtnr"i imtbI?'1i i fliiff'Tf~<rtiaTiwifni«i»iMianwnni^»^fT»wfr ---MiMANY AND SPECIAL ARE TO-DAY'S EVENTS IN THE FIELD OF SPORT
man's St. Ives vs. D. Mahar*s Emma M;,T.
Bahr's Amadee vs. J. Dowllng'B Sir Lawrence;
E. N. Kellogg' s Frisco Lad vs. George Shar
man's Chicago Boy; J. Ceaser's Kanaka vs.
A. Vanderwhlte's Master Gordon; P. M. Cur
tis' Echo vs. Sterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers;
T. J. Cronln's Thornhill vs. Chiarlnl Bros.' San
tonon; Captain Clarkson's Flower of Gold vs.
A. R. Curtis' Vulcan; George Sharman's Black
Flush vs. J. Markland's The Grafter; P.- M.
Curtis' War Eagle vs. Pasha Kennels' Master
Rocket; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple vs. T. J.
Cronin's Vandal; Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire
vs. A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad; F. A. McComb's
Hot Haste vs. F. S. Price's Brutus; Pasha
Kennels' Rocker vs. T. J. Mclherney's Tommy
Rex: Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening vs. J.
N. Mortality's Kettle; Aeneid Kennels' Athena
vs. A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox;~P. N. Curtis'
Cash vs. D. J. Healy's Lady Claire; B. N.
Kellogg's Sweet Emma vs. Russell & Allen's
Scotland Tet; W. C. de B. Lopez's Eager vs..
T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R ; A. R. Curtis' Pilot
vs. L. F. Bartel's Best Bargain; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Sir Pasha vs. Sterl & Knowles' Freeze
out; E. X! Kellogg's Crawford Belle vs. Rus
sell & Allen's Strayaway; P. M. Curtis' Va
grant vs. F. A. McComb's Patriot; B. Geary's
Ireland vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer;
Pasha Kennels' Real Article vs. L. F. Bartel's
Banner Bright; CO. Peterson's Silver Cloud
vs. P. M. Curtis' Narcissus; Sterl & Knowles'
Oleta vs. Russell & Allen's Talk to Me; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne vs. P. Doyle's Thelma;
E. K. Kellogg's Modest Lad vs. Russell & Al
len's .Spiteful; J. Moriarity's Snapper Garri
son vs. P. M. Curtis' Anchor; J. P. Thrift's
Tyrone Prince vs. Aeneid- Kennels' Achilles;
P. N. Curtis' McKinley vs. D. J. Healy's Tap
ioca; O.. Zahl's Homer Eoy vs. P. • Doyle's
Liberator; F. A. McComb's Bona Fide vs. F. '
S. Price's Forget: P. Jackson's Golden Russet
vs. A. Vanderwhite's Lear King; A. R. Curtis'
King Cotton vs. J. M. Halton's May Hemp
stead; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist vs. Pasha
Kennels' Robert's Army; P. Brophy's Benicia
Boy vs. F. Jones' Wedgewood; F. A. McComb's
Little Sister vs. Pasha Kennels' Rollicking
Airs; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete
vb. Pasha Kennels' Lawrence; P. ' J. Hor
gan's Harper vs. Pasha Kennels' Random Aim:
A. R, Curtis' Luxor vs. P. J. Rellly's Royal
Union: F. Schou's Smuggler vs.. Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory; F. B. Gerber's Rlenzi vs.
A. R. Curtis' Candelaria; F. Schou's Lady
Glenklrk vs. Russell & Allen's Lady Claire;
Aeneid Kennels' Agemmemnon vs. P.- J. Rell
ly's Plow Boy;.P: Jackson's -Honor Bright vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured: T. Tierney's Tea
Rose vs. Chiarini Bros.' Dewdrop; P. J. Nolte's
Silver Lion vs. T. Jones' Harlean Gladys; T.
Mahar's Bad Boy vs. F. A. McComb's Motto;
Russell -& Allen's Rosle Claire vs. Pasha Ken
nels' For Freedom; E. N. Kellogg's Iowa Lad
vs. E. N. Whiteside's Greenback.
Will Sail for Wallace Trophy.
To-day the annual contest will be held
for the Wallace Trophy of the California
Yacht Club over the usual course from
the southerly pierhead .of the narrow
gauge mole to and around Presidio Shoal
buoy, leaving the same on the port hand;
then to the finish across the startling line.
The trophy is at present he.ld by Vice
Commqdore Sagar's sloop Edna of the
Corinthian -Yacht Club. The contestants
will be Commodore S. S. Marshall's sloop
Thelma, the sloop Jessie E. and probably
also the sloop Pactolus. These dropped
down the creek and anchored off the, mole
yesterday. . .
The Corinthian Yacht Club received an
invitation to Napa City for to-day and
the following two days, but as it -was
Polo Pony Races at
Hobart's Track.
As was expected the second day of the
championship tennis tournament was pro
ductive of much better tennis than the
first day. ¦¦"¦, . ¦ ' . .
The. first match yesterday was between
Merle ; Johnson and John Hoffmann. The
latter got away: well, but when Johnson
got fairly started he proved much too
strong for his left-handed ppponent. Hoff
man made a good stand In the last set,
when the score was 5 — 1 against him, pull
ing it up to 4—5. The complete score in
favor of Johnson was 7—5, 6—1, 6—4.
. The next match was between Grant
Smith and Alex Stuart of Oakland, and
proved to be very one-sided. The score in
Smith's favor was '6—0, 6—0, 6—1.
One of the best matches of .the tourna
ment was between R. N. Whitney and
Fred Brown. Both players ran in on their
service and were- continually fighting for
the net. Brown played a very good net
game, while Whitney shone in the back
court. The latter's drives, both fore and
back hand, were 'exceedingly swift and ac
curate and won the day for him. The first
two sets fell to Whitney, 6 — 4, 6 — 4. In the
third and final set Brown ran the score up
to 5— 2 in his favor -and »it began to look
as' if he would win "the set easily, >but
Whitney took a brace and pulled it up to
5—5. At this point the real struggle com
menced,- and after some long and fierce
rallies Whitney finally came out a win
ner. The score in his favor was 6— 4, 6—4,
9—7. •
: ' This ' brought play to the semi-finals, in
which George Whitney was pitted against
Merle Johnson and R. N. Whitney against
Grant Smith. Champion Whitney was in
better form yesterday than on the pre
vious day and had little trouble in dis
posing df Johnson, •whom he defeated In
three straight sets. The score in Whit
ney's, favor was 6—1, 6—2, 6— 2. ,By win
ning this match Whitney . is entitled to
play in the finals to-day.
The last match of the day was between
Jt. N. Whitney and Grant Smith and, al
though the former won In straight sets,
the contestants were evenly matched and
the play was very close. In the first set
every game was deuce and vantage, but
most of them went to Whitney. "With the
score 3—0 against him Smith pulled iip'to
3—3 and 30 love, but > lost: the next three
games. In the second set Smith seemed
discouraged and Whitney won easily. In
the last set Whitney won 1 thej first two
gaTne3, but the next four, went j to Smith.
The latter made a fine stand in this set,
but Whitney was right on edge and won
out, 7—5. Smith .was in poor condition and
seemed somewhat off in his game.
The two third .prizes will -go to Merle
Johnson and Grant Smith. At 2:30 to-day
the Whitney brothers will settle the ques
tion of supremacy.
i Bob Whitney has been putting up a
great game of late, while his brother
George seems to have lost some of his
former skill. The former is picked by most
people to win the match to-day and there
by become the champion of California.
The drawing for the consolation tourna
ment was held yesterday afternoon and
resulted as follows: \J. Craig vs. R. Ers
kine; C. Elston a bye; J. Hoffmann vs.
Carl Gardner: C. Kuehn vs. C. Smith; O.
Hoffmann a bye; W. B. Collier vs. J. D.
MacGavin.
One match was played in the consolation
tournament and resulted in a victory for
MacGavin over Collier, the score being
8—6, 1—6, 7—5. Both men played good ten
nis and the exhibition was a clever one
from start to finish. •
found impossible to make up a fleet of
more than two or three yachts, It was de-
WHITNEYS ARE
LEFT FOR THE
" • FIRST HONORS
SA.YS THAT HE OWNS
LAUD WORTH MILLIONS
Massachusetts Man Files a Claim
on a Section of Valuable Prop
erty in Chicago.
CHICAGO. July 3.— A claim to property
estimated to. be worth $250,000,000; was
made here to-day by Sidney Smith • of
Cambridge, Mass. In his presentation of
facts to the Cook County . Recorder Smith
says 160 acres of land between Thirty-fifth
and Thirty-ninth streets, Rhodes avenue
and the lake, now accounted fine residence
property, was the property of Jeduthan
Smith seventy years ( ago under a pre
emption certificate arid patent title. The
claimant says .he is the heir of the old
homesteader and wishes to come into pos
session of what he says is his own.'
Canada's' Cup Race Trial.
TORONTO, Onty July 3.— The three
candidates for the Canada's cup honors,
the Beaver and Invader of Toronto • and
the Canadian . of • Hamilton, . held the " first
trial races for the selection; of the, cup
challenger to-day. "> Invader t won. • The
other yachts will race again. to-morrow.
Academic Tennis League.
WOODLAND. July 3.— A movement is
on foot to organize an .academic tennis
league for Northern California. The High
Schools of Woodland, Sacramento, Auburn
and. Grass Valley have signified their in
tention of becoming members .' of «^"the
league. An effort will be made to get an
other high school to join. League meet
ings for both singles and doubles will be
held annually. ,'
Tennis Results at Wimbledon.
LONDON, July 3.— In the ladies' singles
tennis championship contest at Wimble
don to-day Mrs. Sterry of Surbiton de
feated' Mrs. Hlllyard, the holder of the
championship, by 2—0. In the doubles
championship the Doherty brothers beat
Davis and Ward, the American players
The game stood 4—6, &— 2, 6—3 and 9^-7. .
Captain and Pitchers Released.
DETROIT, July 3.— The Journal this
afternoon says that word has; been re;
ceived from Chicago that Captain Case/
and Pitchers Fritz and Owen of the De
troit-American League have been re
leased. Crockett, second-base man of the
Wilmington team, has be/n secured snd
will take Casey's place at third. , /
of Philadelphia : In the third round.
Neither man appeared to be in fit con
dition.
OMAHA, Nebr., July 3.— After twenty
fast and furious rounds at South Omaha
to-night Johnny . Ritchie was given the
decision 'over Oscar Gardner, who was
badly, poucded. . .
Ritchie Defeats Gardner.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., July 3.— The fight
between Oscar Ralney, champion of Ar
kansas, and Young Sharkey of the Pa
cific Coast, was declared a draw after
the fourth round here to-night, interfer
ence by officers putting a stop to it.
Police Terminate the Fight.
AJtfACONDA, Mont., July 3.— Mrs. Mar
cus Daly to-day announced that she will
sell in New York in November all the
trotting stock belonging to the Marcus
Daly estate. Among the stallions are
Prodigal, Ponce de Leon, Bowbells and
Milroi. There are upward of fifty
thoroughbred mares and* a large lot of
two-year-olds, yearlings and weanlings,
all of which will be sold.
Daly Estate to Sail Horses.
NEW YORK, July 3.— The new ninety
footer. Constitution has not proved definite
ly her superiority to the 1899 champion, the
Columbia, for the second " contest to-day
between the two big racers was nipped in
the bud through the unfortunate buckling
of the Columbia's martingale, when the
yachts had sailed nearly three miles of
the race. The accident took place when
the boats were sailing very fast on the
wind and so close were they that there is
considerable difference of opinion as to
what the outcome would, have been had
they continued on their ten-mile beat to
the first mark, the race being a triangular
one of thirty miles. . *•
Columbia again crossed the smarting line
ahead of her rival, just eighteen seconds in
the lead,' and had established herself in a
good berth to the weather of the Con
stitution. Many of the yachts which fol
lowed the boats believe that in three short
miles the old boat pointed higher and
footed as fast as the. Constitution, while
there are others who are equally certain
that; the Constitution,, while admittedly
behind, was nevertheless forereaching
the Columbia and- would have eventually
beaten her to the first mark.' .;. -
The Columbia had the advantage of the
use of her baby jibtopsail at the start,
while the Constitution did not set hers
for some time after. "When this sail was, i
Labor Party in Belgium Announces
SOCIALISTS THREATEN '
.AN EARLY REVOLUTION
That the Hour Has Arrived
: for Trouble.
BRUSSELS, July 3.— The General Coun
cil of th© Labor party has issued a mani
festo, to the public, maintaining that the
Government has forgotten the lesson ' of
the past, saying it appears to be unaware
of the power of socialism, and adding that
if the Government' refuses to listen to the
people, tnV latter, conscious of the legiti
macy of their rights and the justice of
their cause, will fight for. universal suf
frage and secure it. :
Sixth ¦. race, , seven -and -'a -half furlongs-
Silurian won. South Breeze second, Astor third.
Time,; 1:41 2-5. i
"The' hour "has arrived for battle," says*
the manifesto, which appeals to all so
cialists ! to organize . demonstrations co
incident with the reassembling of Parlia
ment, and concludes with saying that if
pacific means fail the working people will
not shrink from a revolution. -
Lazarus won, ¦ Prince , Blazes " second, Alaska
third. Time, -1:40 3-6. "
in shape the Constitution seemed to gain.
But the accident stopped all racing for
the day after the yachts had been sailing
just - seventeen minutes, and again the
Columbia was towed back into port.
The race, which was the second un<7er
the auspices of the New York Yacht Club,
will not be resalled, so that the next
time the two yachts try conclusions " they
will have the Independence as a com
petitor in the first race held by the New
port Yacht Racing Association, off this
port, on Saturday. - :
SHAMROCK I THE WINUEB.
Sir Thomas Lipton's Old Boat Leads
the Hew Racer.
ROTHESAY. Firth of Clyde, July 3.—
The two Shamrocks started on a, thorough
racing trial to-day over a forty-three mile
course. In order " to give th© yachts a
fair trial in the open sea, a triangular
course was laid out for to-day's race,
starting at Garrock Head, thence to Holy
Island,, around the Erin, thence ten or
twelve miles to the southeastward,
around the Erin again, with a reach back
to the starting point.
Off Ascog, three miles out, the chal
lenger led by about half a minute. Find
ing the wind paltry, the original race
plans were abandoned in favor of a trial
Inside the Firth, and the two yachts
started on a reach across. Off Cumbrae
the challenger was leading by fifty-three
the finals than I have already said, but
our work to-day, I think, has demonstrat
ed our ability to uphold the credit of the
university against any ' crew., we may
meet."
The results to-day were as. follows:
The Grand Challenge Cud: First heat—Lean
der Rowing Club beat New College, Oxford.
Time, 7:09. Second heat — Pennsylvania Uni
versity beat London Rowlcg Club by three
lengths. Time, 7:01 2-5.
Wyfcrd Challenge Cup: First heat—King
ston Rowing Club beat Trinity College, Ox
ford. Time, 8:08.' Second heat— Christ College,
Cambridge, beat the - Royal Artillery Rowing
Club. Time, 8:06. Third heat— The Thames
Rowing Club beat the London Rowing . Club.
Time, 8:00. Fourth heat— Trinity Hall, Cam
bridge, beat First Trinity, Cambridge.
Ladies' Challenge Plate: First heat—Worces
ter College, Oxford, beat Jesus College, Cam
bridge. Time, 7:17. ¦ Second heat— Eton, Row
ing r Club beat Trinity College, Dublin. The
Eton boys won easily in 7:25.
Thames . Challenee Cun — First, ' second and
third heats completed on Tuesday. Fourth
heat— Trinity Hall, ¦ Cambridge, beat the Lon
don Rowing Club. Time, 7:25. Fifth heat—
The. Royal School of Mines beat the Twick
enham Rowing Club.- Sixth heat— Kingston
Rowing: Club beat Exeter College. Oxford.
Time, 7:21. Seventh heat— Worcester. College,
Oxford, beat Caius College, Cambridge. Time,
7:29.
Diamond Challenge Sculls: First heat— K.
Johnson beat A. H. Cloutte. Time, 8:05. Sec
ond heat— Gashe beat W. C. Bond. ¦ Time, 8:48.
Third heat— S. T. Blackstaft beat W. A. Hick
man of St. 'Job*, N. B. Time, 9.23. , . .
Visitors' Challenge Cud: ' First heat. New
College. Oxford, beat Trinity College, Oxford,
Time, 8:14.
"When off Knoch, Castle the Shamrock
I led by a. minute and forty seconds. Th©
timing two miles further showed that th©
former challenger had continue^ to gain
seventeen seconds on each mile of th©
run. The cup challenger then set a club
topsail In place of her jib header and tha
former challenger did th© same. Th©
Shamrock II then held the leader better,
but for a time she was unable to lessen
the gap. The Erin salleu ahead and mads
a mark. As the yachts passed the Sham
rock I was about two .minutes ahead.
Beating up the channel toward Rothesay
the gap was practically unaltersd until
the Shamrock I threw away part of her
advantage and finished a minute ahead.
Fetching up the Firth the wind headed
the boats and their jib topsails were taken
in. The breeze freshened, but the challen
ger gained very little. Later she bore
away and passed wide to leeward of tho
Shamrock I. This left the older boat In
a still better position, and she was soon
able to pass ahead of the Shamrock IX
and slightly to windward. The windward
work continued for two or three miles
in a gradually softening wind. Tho softer
the wind became the better suited tha
Shamrock I seemed to be. Th© two boats
were still In close company when they
wore around and started on a long run
down the wind, with spinnakers Mt to
port, and the Shamrock I again proved
that In going to leeward in a light wind
she is faster than the new challenger.
seconds. Soon after they came Into a
calm, and the Shamrock I passed ths
Shamrock II wide to the windward.
' The Pennsylvanians won their heat in
great style. They were never extended
and it is now freely admitted by those
who thought the Leanders had a certainty
for the Grand Challenge Cup that the
Americans are extremely dangerous.
"I don't like the looks of it," said the
Triumph of the Americans.
The Pennsylvanians came down to their
boathouse at 11:30 a. m. They all declared
themselves fit and confident. "Bob"
Cook, in his final summary of the Penn
sylvanians' prospects, said:
"No American crew was ever at Henley
with better prospects. They are in splen
did condition and confident. -They will.
In my opinion, meet Leander In the finals,
when. I fear, the Englishmen will beat
them." a&IW
The regatta began under favorable con
ditions. The sun was bright and warm
and a cool breeze was blowing off the
lowpath. J The attendance, however, did
not equal expectations', and in no way
equaled Yale's year. Comparatively few
American flags or prominent Americans
were visible.
HENLEY. England, July 3.— The Hen
ley Royal Regatta opened to-day formal
ly, although, owing to the large number
of entries for the Thames Challenge Cup.
three heats In the contest for that trophy
were rowed yesterday afternoon, and
were won by Trinity Hall. Cambridge, the
School of Mines' Rowing Club and the
Kingston Rowing Club.
The Pennsylvanians, after their heat for
the Grand Challenge cup, which they
won, disembarked at their boathouse ap
parently as fresh as when they left it.
There was no sign- of exhaustion on the
part of any member of the crew. The
stroke, Gardiner, said:
"We pulled pretty lively at the finish,
but there was no time in the race when
we had any doubt about the result."
Ellis Ward, the coach, said:
"The crew did the work to-day which I
expected. Their performance, I believe,
was most creditable. But, to me, it was
in no wise a surprise. There was no ad
vantage whatever in the stations to-day,
and all the conditions of the race and the
management were as perfect as any one
could desire. I can say no more about
Promise for the Finals.
The most encouraging feature was the
non-challange allowed while waiting, in
marked contrast to the Cornell and Yale.
Without delay Umpire Pittman sent them
on their journey, Pennsylvania rowing 40
and London 41. At the end of the land the
Americans led by, half a. length. Oppo
site Frawley court,* which they did in 1:24,
the Americans were clear and rowing 36.
They seemed to be short opposite the low
er end lnclosure and the Londons made
their final efforts, but It failed. - The
Pennsylvanians increased the distance
rapidly and near the grand stand hit up
the stroke to 40 and then to 48. There
was practically no cheering.
Leander coach to a reporter. "I thought
we would be beaten, but I never thought
it would show such a margin."
. In the first round the men fought clev
erly, Gilfeather plainly having the better
' dT it on points. In the second he" landed
at will on the Kid, but the blows did not
have much effect. McFadden forced the
¦fighting in the third, as he did in the
fourth. In the fifth and sixth the fight
ing was fast, Gilfeather going- down from
a right swing in the latter . round and
etayingr the limit. Tommy claimed a
ioul in the seventh, but It was not al
lowed. He then threw up the sponge
and McFadden -was given the . decision.
George Curran of San Francisco chal
lenged the ¦ winner.
- In the preliminary Billy de Courcey of
L>ob Angeles knocked out Tom Edwards
Bout at Bakersfield Comes to an End
in the Seventh
Round.
BAXERSFIELD. July 3.— At the Scrlb
ner Opera-house to-night "Kid" McFad
den and Tommy Gilfeather met for what
was to have been a twenty-round go. Gil
feather, who showed up well as a boxer,
could not stand the- Kid's punches and
: threw up the sponge in the seventh round.
hcfaixden; conquers
T02OIY GIL FEATHER
RACES ON EASTERN" TRACKS.
Cue, Tvo and Three Purse-Winners
at the Big Meetings.
CINCINNATI. July 3.— Newport summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Pantland
won. Tadema second, Troubaline third. Time,
1:15%. : . , . .- ¦ . .
Second race, one mile, selling— Ben O'Fallon
won. King Elkwood second. Dr. S. C. Ayres
third. Time, 1:42%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Recluse
won, Martha D second. Dr. Worth third. Time,
1:09.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Metoxen
won, Ed Roth second, Micou third. Time, 1:15.
Fifth- • race, ! seven furlongs, selling—Phos
phorus won, Arriba second, Pauline third.
¦ Time, 1:30. . . ¦
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Maggie
Felix won. Nancy Till second, Teucer third.
Time. 1:18%. .. .
NEW. YORK, July 3.— Sheepshead Ba*y sum
mary: ' •,¦¦'•
First race, flve and a half furlongs^-Essen
won* Fair Knight second. Brlxton third. Time,
1:08. -¦•¦ . .
Second race, one mile — Wax ' Tapef won.
Toddy second, Lamp o' Lee third. Time, 1:41.
Third race, flve furlongs— Grail won,' Lady
Hblyrood second, AVhlte Owl third. Time,
1:00 3-5. *.- ¦ . •¦. ¦ ¦ ¦ • .; • :
- Fourth race, seven furlongs — Herbert won,
The Musketeer second, Scurry third. . Time,
1:28 1-5. _¦¦. •
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Mercer won,
Alslke second. Waiter third. Time, 1:43 1-5..
' Sixth race, mile and a half, on. turf— Nones
won. Rochester second. Intrusive third. Time,
2:42 2-5.
- BUTTE, July 3.— Track fast, attendance
good. Three favorites won. Summary:
¦ First race, 2:22 pace— Christobel won in two
straight heats. Lady Ammon second, Oregon
Bull third.' Best time, 2:25. I
Second race, five and a half furlongs—Es
pirando won, Miss Remsen second, Aunt Mary
third. Time, 1:08^4. •..-
Third race, five furlongs— Innooencia won,
Yellowstone^ second, . Tyranus third. Time.
1:02%. . . .. . ,¦:¦...
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Ada N won,
Qulbo second, Guy H third. . Time.- 1:29.
Fifth race, one mile— Homes take won, Ranler
second. Free Pass third. Time, V.iVA.
' Sixth race, five ! and a . half furlongs— Sea
Queen won, Sweet Caporal second. Midsummer
third. Time, 1:0814. •
ST. LOUIS. July 3.— Results at Delmar":
First ¦ race, one ' mile— Revoke won, I Irving
Mayor second, Purse Lady third. Time, 1:44#.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, purse-
Marque won. Anna . Elliott ; second, Irosutal
third. Time. :56%. / -
• Third race, one mile, selling — Hungarian won,
Hansborough second, Sady Levy .third. Time,
1:51.;-. V ¦ ., •_••.,<¦ .,- ¦ ... ,- .
' Fourth race, seven furlongs— Sue Johnson
won,- Lomonde second,' Ladas third. Time. 1:36.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Swordsman
won, Ben Frost second. Sweet Dreams .third.
Time, 1:49%. ' .-; ¦ > ¦-
¦ Sixth race, six furlongs,' selling— Echodale
won, ' Zack .Fof d . second. Robert Zr. third.
Time, 1:22. . ¦" : : . •, • ¦ ;
CHICAGO, July ¦ 3.— Washington Park sum
mary: ¦•! J:-, .'¦¦•••.. , : ' t> ';'¦ '• ' i %'; : f\ ¦•;""•
First race, one mile— Eddie Jones won. Trinity
Bell second, Monogah third. Time, 1:48 3-5.
-Second race, elx- furlongs — Vulcain won, Mon
tanic second, Sister Mamie third. Time,
1:18 8-5.' ¦ ; ..'¦ •<:;¦- ¦-¦ •¦¦: .... -, ..:. • . ' -
Third race, flve furlongs— Muresca, won, Do
reen second, ¦ Jordan third. - Time, ¦ 1:05%. •'-
•Fourth, race, mile and a sixteenth, handicap
—Malay won. Rolling Boer second. Wild Pirate
third. ; Time, 1:54 4-5., J ¦ i ; ,V .
-Fifth "race/ seven' and a half furlongs-f-Sam
¦v ; v
Contests at Golf on
Many Links.
entered the box for the- visitors, showed very
little speed and was batted hard, especially In
the eighth inning.- Toung was effective
throughout the game. Attendance 2368. Score:
Batteries— Howell and Robinson: Young and
CrUer.
PHILADELPHIA, July S. — The horAa team
succeeded to-day in breaking its losing streak
by defeating Washington In an Interesting
game. Attendance 1352. Score t
Batteries— Mercer and Clarke: Bernhard an<?
Powers.
CLEVELAND, July 3. — Cleveland lost this
afternoon's game through tha wlldness of
Dowling and an error by Beck m tha seventh
inning. The fielding of both teams hi tha
eighth Inning waa sensational. Attendance 1133.
Score: . '
Batteries— Dowllne and Teaser; Eaton and
Sugden.
Cricket Contest In Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, July 8.— The third of
the four cricket matches arranged for the
Canadians' tour opened here at noon on
the Merlon grounds against the Merlon
Club, with teams of twelve- men a side.
The Quakers went to bat and at 5:40 p.
m., when play was stopped for the day
by rain, they had scored 264 for the loss
of only four wickets. .
Mile Separates ths Wheelmen.
BOSTON. July S.— In the six-day bi
cycle race at Charles River Park a very
little more than a mile separates Cham
pion and Stlnson In the total score, while
Nelson Is not so far behind that he can
not hope to catch the leaders. Total score
for six hours: Moran. 204 miles: Cham
pion, 200; Stlnson, 199; Nelson, 191.
COLUMBIA SUFFERS AN ACCIDENT
IN FAST SAIL WITH CONSTITUTION
Harness Racing at.
Oakland.
ON field, track, ring and wave the
Fourth cf July will be made the
most of by the holiday sportsmen.
There is hardly a branch of sport
but will have its devotees in train.
Both in this city and out of town the fa
vored courses will be occupied with par
ticipants and spectators.
Driving Association Meets.
The Golden Gate Park Driving Associa r
tion will hold its annual race meeting at
the Oakland racetrack to-day. There ¦will
be six events, and the best trotters on the
coast will compete. The horses will be
driven by their owners. Following is a
list of entries:
Green class — H. B. Slocum* s Tempest,' driven
by H. F. Patrick; J. W. McDonald's Cam
paigner, driven by J. E. McDonald Jr.; M. M.
Donnelly's Pious, driven by D. Leigenger; J.
W. Bonney's Joe Bonney. driven br James
O'Kane; Dr. Leaner's Lieutenant Hobson.
driven "by E. Leaner; X>r. DaJziel's Belle,
driven by_ A. Schwartz, and L. Richardson's
Pedro, driven by L. Richardson.
2:30 class— H. F. Patrick's Denny Healey.
driven by H. F. Patrick; Dr. Dalziel's Memo
B, driven by Dr. Dalziel: G. L. Swett' s Steve
S. driven by H. W. Miller: J. M. Eva's Ethel
H, driven by J. M. Eva, and J. Doran's Tirade,
driven by J. Doran.
Free for all— H. W. Miller's Lady Falrose.
D. R. Mizner'e Sable Le Grande. D. Robert's
Al Gregor, A. Schwartz's Jeffle, Tom Van
Keuren'e Mattie B.
2:40 ' class— D. R. Mizner's Lady Rowena,
driven by Dan Leigenger; Dr. McLaughlin's
A. B. P., driven by Joseph Cuicello; B. Cro
ner's Bondy. driven by Bondy Croner; F.
Gommet's Lafayette, driven by M. M. Don
nelly.
.Match, sweepstake — L. Richardson's Edna R,
driven by L. Richardson, vs. H. H. Dunlap'e
King Cadenza, driven by H. H. Dunlap.
2:20 class— Niel Prenderjrast, driven by H. F.
Patrick; Joseph Culcello's Porto Rico, driven
by Joseph Cuicello; A. Jacobs' Eden Vale,
drtven by_ A. Jacobs; James O'Kane's Sandow,
driven by J. O'Kane, and J. Curler's Prince C,
driven by J. Curley.
The following officials will have charge
of the meeting:
Judges— F. W. Thompson, E. Stewart and J.
C. Ohlandt; starter— E. H. Aigeltinger; timers
— J. G. Chesley, Fred Vetter, L. E. Clawson;
marshal— Dr. L B. Dalziel; .racing secretary—
H. F. Patrick.
President — E. H. Aigeltinger; first vice presl-
PENNSYLVANIA OARSMEN VICTORS
AT THE HENLEY ROYAL REGATTA
Yachts to Compete for
Trophy.
dent— Dr. L B. Dalziel; second vice president—
G. L. Swett; treasurer— E. Stewart; secretary—
H. F. Patrick: Directors— E. H. Aigeltinger,
A. B. Spreckels. J. C. Klrkpatrick, Dr. L B.
Dalziel. H. p\ Patrick, F. W. Thompson, L.
Richardson, H. B. Slocum. G. L. Swett, E.
Stewart and James CKane.
Polo Pony Baces.
All is in readiness for the polo pony
races to be held on Walter Hobart's track
at San Mateo to-day. There will be e'ght
races, and the winner in each event will
be awarded a cup or money prize. The
meeting will be held under the auspices
ol the polo club, of which the following
gentlemen are stewards: T. A. Driscoll,
Major J. L. Rathbone. F. J. Carolan, R.
M. Tobin and P. P. Eyre. Following is
a list of the races:
Three-sixteenths mile — Polo ponies; Tninimnpi
weight, 165 pounds.
Quarter mile— Any pony under 14.2; mlnhnum
weight. 165 pounds.
Hundred yards around stake— Ponies under
14.2; catch weights.
Half mile — Draw lots for mounts; catch
¦weights.
Two and a quarter mile relay race — Teams to
consist of three men and three ponies; each
rider to ride three-quarters of a mile; each
rider of winning team receives a trophy.
Three-<iuarter mile — For horses owned and
ridden by residents of San Mateo; must have
been ueed for eadrtle purposes; race horses
barred; for cash prize of |20 offered by Mr.
Hobart.
Quarter mile— Polo ponies.
Three-quarter mile — Race ponies.
Stakes for Union Park.
For Freedom, John Rosslter's noted
greyhound, will participate in the cours
ing to be held at Union Coursing Park on
Saturday and Sunday next. There will be
two stakes, a sapling and an open one.
The puppy stake will be run down twice
on Saturday and completed on Sunday.
Following is the result of last night's
drawing:
Eapllng stakes, fourteen entries— Pasha Ken
nels' Reaching Ahead vs. ' F. A. McComb's
Fiery Friend; C. Graham's Emin Bey vs. Sterl
& Knowles' Jack Frost: F. Jones' Dorothy
Belle vs. F. Jones' Ella Jones; John Kerrigan's
Prometheus vs. A. R. Curtis' Rowena; J. Ker
rigan's . Barbara Freitchie vs. P. Stelnhoff's
Pasha Bell; C. Graham's Lady Newark vs. E.
H. Healy's Marvo; A. R. Curtis' Morena vs.
E. N. Whiteside's Flowery Friend.
Open stake, 120 entries — F. •¦ A. - McComb's"
Royal Flush vs. P. M. Curtis' Warpath; Rus
sell & Allen's Castaway vs. George Sharman's
Bowery Boy; E. Geary's Barney Pasha vs. E.
X. Kellogg's Modest Girl; L. M. Connell's
¦White Hat vs. H. Lynch'a Lilac; K. Geary's
America vs. D. CahiH's Ever Shore; F. Schou's
Nora Lawrence vs. E. Geary's Palo Alto; A.
R. Curtis' Rector vs. F. Schou's King's Bor
derer; P. M. Curtis' Shadow vs. Captain Clark
son's Golden Garter; Yosemite Kennels' Mose
vs. F. A. McComb's Warship; George Shar-
partly furnished and will be formally
opened to-day. , _
The contest for the Ponlatowski Cup,
which in 1S99 and 1900 took place on the
Fourth on the links of the Burllngame
Country Club, has been deferred till
August. . • /
Coursing at "Onion Park.
A special holiday stake is offered by the
Union Coursing Park management to its
patrons for the Fourth of July attraction.
Fifty-six dogs well . known at the game
have been drawn for the event and the
class Is above the average. "With such
hounds as Narcissus, Silver Cloud. Honor
Bright, Hot Haste, Roman Athlete, An
chor, John Doe, Warship, Royal Flush,
Real Article, Little Sister, Sir Pasha and
Daisy Clair on the list those who follow
the sport of the leash will have a lot of
good ones to furnish amusement for them.
The stake opens the coursing season.
The sport will commence at 11 o'clock,
and the train service will be according to
the regular Sunday schedule.
Handball Games.
. Some very interesting games will be
played to-day at the Occidental Athletic
Club court, 120 Grove street. Among the
entries are: J. Griffin and A. Woelfel vs.
D Mahoney and W. Clark; R. Grennan
and W. Glidden vs. W. "Wlnthrop and T.
Holland; R. Donovan and A. Matman vs.
J. H. Kennealy and J. Howard; W,«Col
lins and T. J. Lyon vs. A. McVicker and
G B Hay ward; F. Mulinux and A. Han
sen vs. E. Antron and H. McNevin; F.
Clements and J. Condon vs. L. Kenny and
F P Haynes; Dr. M. "Wackhorst and
Tom Cresey vs. G. Kelly and J. Flynn:
W. Stapff and J. Walsh vs. C. Barry and
F Stapff; A. Collins and K. Jacobs vs.
G. Cunningham and J. D. Mahoney.
EASTERN BASEBALL (JAMES.
Results of the Playing in the Amer
lean League.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
MILWAUKEE, July 3.— Milwaukee and De
troit played sixteen innings this afternoon, the
visitors winning after the home team had given
the game away by errors. Both pitchers were
very effective at times. Attendance 750. Score:
Buelow.
BOSTON. July 3.— Boston took a one-sided
contest from Baltimore to-day. Howell, who
cided to abandon the cruise as a club af
fair. It is likely however, that the sloops
Freda and Aeolus wilLcruise to Napa City
and that the sloop Harpoon will sail up
to Suisun. Some of the San Francisco
yachts will- go out for a sail to-day, but
there will be no extended cruise.
Angels Against Frisco.
"Won. Lost. P. C.
After an absence of four •weeks the Los
Angeles team returns to-day to play a se
ries of six games with San Francisco.
The two teams are billed for a double at
traction at the ball grounds to-day. A
postponed game will be played off in the
forenoon, starting at 10:30, and play will
be resumed, with a change of pitchers, at
2:30 in the afternoon.
The Los Angeles players have been pre
senting a fine quality of ball since their
last appearance in this .city. They have
won. nine out of twelve games and are
now in a position to dispute with the
Germans over first place. They have been
strengthened somewhat by the acquisi
tion of Henry Reltz, who was formerly
with the famous Baltimore team in the
days when it was invincible. Through
failure to keep in condition he was unable
to stay with fast company, but he lately
rounded into form and is now playing with
his old-time dash. The Orange Growers
have also signed a new pitcher named
Wittredge, who was lured from an East
ern minor league.
Following is the line-up for the morn
ing game: ¦ ¦• . .-. '
Golf Contests on Local Links.
There will be golf all day on the links
of the Oakland, San Rafael, San Francisco
and Sausalito Golf Clubs. At Point
Adamg,»Captain Orestes Pierce and Vice
CaptainTP. E. Bowles will choose teams
which will play an eighteen-hole match,
the^ losers to pay for luncheon. P. E.
Bowles won the toss for first choice and
selected E. R. Folger, while Orestes
Pierce selected R. M. Fitzgerald as the
first men of the teams. All players pre
senting themselves before' 11 o'clock are
eligible.
The ladies of the San Rafael Golf Club
will take part in a putting contest, and
the men in driving and approaching com
petitions this morning. In the afternoon
there will be a men's tournament over
eighteen holes, medal play, for prizes.
At Sausalito there will be a putting con
test and a driving competition and mixed
foursomes. The new clubhouse has been
Coursing Events at
Union Park.
RUFE TTJBNtER WHIPS
WILLIAMS AT 85100X1021
Wins the fight When He Appears to
Be' the Loser in the
Bout.
STOCKTON, July 3.— After "standing
the gaff;' for eight rounds Rufe Turner
of this city came back and knocked out
Kid Williams of Los Angeles to-night in
the eiffhth round of a twenty-round go. I»
was the best and fastest fight ever held
here and Williams had all the better of it
untl/ he was put out. He knocked Turner
down five times and through the ropes
twfce. Both were badly used up and at
tlaies were so weak that neither coul<J
deliver a knockout blow. Itlooked as 11
Turner would surely be put out. but h«
rallied better than his opponent.
/ Jim Hamilton knocked out Will John,
son In the sixth round, and Kelly an<i
Stembler fought a six-round draw.
Vicious Fight and a Draw,
MUNCIE. Ind.. July Z.— Martin Judge ol
Philadelphia and "Australian Billy" Ed.
wards went twenty vicious rounds to I
draw at the Interurban Club to-night.
THE SAN FRANGISCO OALIi, THURSDAY^ JULY 4, 1901.
arena at Sixteenth and Folsom
. r streets, vvhlch will be used this aft
| ernoon by the San Francisco 'Ath
11 letic Club to bring off the first
. . open-air boxing exhibition held in
this city, is ready for the vast crowd that
is expected. The ring has been erected in
The men who are to contest are in great
fettle and ought to furnish torrid battles.
Moffatt and Gardner will box twenty
rounds for the championship of the world
in the middle-weight division. This will
be their second meeting. They fought in
New Tork some years ago and Moffatt
injured his arm and had to give up tbe
fight. Moffafs arm and shoulder ax© in
perfect shape now and he feels certain
that he 'will beat hla old antagonist.
The bout between Al JNeill and £uten
Thurston is attracting great attention.
Both are local men and have many friends
and admirers. The feeling between the
two men is strained. »»«* «£°.uld
prove interesting. The men wU^ ™£ n f ™
at 148 pounds and fight twenty rounds for
the championship of the coast.
Billy Snailham. the ex-amateur bantam
champion of the coast, will make "'WgL
fessional debut. His opponent wlUDe
Willie Schoenbein. a very cl «J® r *°5?.i
boxer. These lads win box ten rounds
for a decision. „ .. „„-?««?<«
Jack Welch will referee all contests.
The curtain-raiser will be put on at -
o'clock sharp. The gates wilt open at
noon, and holders of *1 seats will have a
chance to secure good locations. ,
PUGILISTS WILL CELEBRATE FOURTH
OF JULY BY FIGHTING IN OPEN AIR
FOR A BRACE OF CHAMPIONSHIPS
THE championship rowing regatta
of 1301 will take place to-day on
Lake Merrltt under the manage
ment of the regatta committees ot
- the Pacific Association and of the
Oakland Fourth of July celebration com
mittee. In addition to the seven rowing
races there will be three swimming races
and a water polo contest— eleven events
In alL As the Oakland committee has of
fered tuTusually handsome prizes there is
a good list of entries and several inter
esting contests are expected. There are
five entries in the Junior, four in the se
nior and three in the Intermediate barge
races. There are flve entries in the Ju
nior and four In the senior outrigged skiff
race, flve in the senior and two in the ju
nior shell race. In the swimming races
H. F. Brewer. EL A. Wldeman and other
fine swimmers will take part. The senior
barge race la first on the programme, and
is expected to produce a fine contest, as
the South End "Midgets," the Pioneer
holders of the championship and 1 the Ala
rreda "Spiders" all expect to take first
place. The course is three-quarters of a
mile out. round a stake and back to the'
starting: point- Stakes eighty feet apart '
have been Bet out at the turn. The oars
men will go over with their boats on the
creek ferry at 11 this morning, so as to
have ample time to get ready for the first
race, -which will be started at 2 p. m.
punctually. A. W. Pape and George Bak
er of the Dolphin Boating Club have been
making their headquarters on the lake
and have been out for practice daily.
OARSMEN WILL ROW ON THE STILL
WATERS OF LAKE MERRITT FOR THE
CHAMPIONSHIP 0F THE PACIFIC COAST
4
Angels to Play San
Franciscos.
San Francisco • 35
Los Angeles 23
Sacramento 26
Oakland .......25
25
25
31
34
.583
.537
.456
.423
San Francisco. Positions. Los Angeles.
Graham ...Catcher Spies
Evans : Pitcher ..Hale or HartwelJ
Fabst First base Hutchinson
Schwarty ...Second base Kelts
Reilly.. Third base v.RelUy
Krugr Shortstop .: Kelly
Hlldebrand, Left Held Bowman
Croll ..Center field. . . .Householder
Nordyke Right field BrockhofT
Clubs— . B. H. B.
[ilwaukee ..0 10100030000000 0—5 13 3
>etroit 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 1 000 0 0 0 a— 7 14 2
Batteries— Garvin and Maloney; Miller and
Clubs—. . K.
Baltimore , imhh^ih 1
Boston 9
n.
5
14
E.
5
2
Pashlnrton
'hlladelphla
U. 7
... *
10
13
lleveland ,—„,,,„„ .„..„ 8
XI.
I
8
3
2
Clubs—. . K.
Baltimore , imhh^ih 1
Boston 9
n.
5
14
E.
5
2
Pashlnrton
'hlladelphla
U. 7
... *
10
13
lleveland ,—„,,,„„ .„..„ 8
XI.
I
8
3
2
Clubs— . B. H. B.
[ilwaukee ..0 10100030000000 0—5 13 3
>etroit 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 1 000 0 0 0 a— 7 14 2
Batteries— Garvin and Maloney; Miller and
San Francisco • 35
Los Angeles 23
Sacramento 26
Oakland .......25
25
25
31
34
.583
.537
.456
.423
San Francisco. Positions. Los Angeles.
Graham ...Catcher Spies
Evans : Pitcher ..Hale or HartwelJ
Fabst First base Hutchinson
Schwarty ...Second base Kelts
Reilly.. Third base v.RelUy
Krugr Shortstop .: Kelly
Hlldebrand, Left Held Bowman
Croll ..Center field. . . .Householder
Nordyke Right field BrockhofTSteamer Movements.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 3, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., ln charge.
Time Ball.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The helghts N given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and the:i
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
j NOTE — In the above exposition of the tldcn
the early, morning tides are given ln tn« left
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, 22 hours from. Eureka.
G<?r rtmr Hermontlils. Knudsen, 117 daya
from Hamburg and tray ports, via MazaXlan
t days 17 liours.
JJr etmr ttfathsyl. Gordon , 3 days from
Oyfter Harbor.
Bark Albert. Griffiths. 20 days from Horn*
lulu. . I
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, 18 hours from
Iversens I*an<Hnc.
Schr Gen ¦ Banning, Sennerwitz, 4 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED. I '.;;:.'¦
Wednesday, July S.
Bark Annie Johnson. Nelson. Hilo; J D
6f>r<>ckels & Bros Co.
Schr Mold of Orlear.a, Morris, Chlgnlk Bay;
Stmr Washtenaw, Zollir.ir, $4 .hours from Ta
corr.a.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
"Wednesday, July 3.
Eiir.r Greenwood. Faccrlund, IS hours from
The John Cooke will load wheat here for
Europe at SSs 9d. Sf merchandise. 40s; the Nal.
wheat at Portland for Europe. S7s 6d; the
Wandshek. wheat here for Europe, 3S». All
chartered prior to arrival. ~ m
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
THE Kosmos liner Hermonthis,
which arrived from Hamburg via
South and Central American ports
yesterday, had a very hard time of
It in the Atlantic. Bad weather in
the English Channel, a pampero off the
Platte and a hurricane lasting three days
off the Straits of Magellan were some of
the experiences.
When the Hermonthis was Rearing
Sandy Point, at the entrance to the
straits. It began to blow. The sea got up
very quickly and the vessel began to la
bor. For twenty-four hours, with the en
gines going full speed, not a mile of
progress was made. The decks were
swept, ventilators carried away, cabins
flooded and the hull strained. Captain
Knudsen says that in ten years he never
experienced anything to compare with
that three days* gale.
Passing through the Straits of Magellan
the crew of the steamship saw a good
deal of the Patagonians. They used to
c-cme alongside every night when the ves
sel anchored and barter skins for odds
and ends. At Valparaiso the Hermonthis
was detained fourteen days. Nearly all
the time it blew a gale, and Captain
Knudsen took advantage of the delay to
fix up three plates that were damaged ln
the storm off Sandy Point and make oth
er necessary repairs.
At all the Central American and Mexi
can ports the Hermonthis was delayed,
and in consequence she Is away behind
time. From here she goes to Puget Sound
and will come oack to finish loading. She
is the largest vessel of the Kosmos fleet.
leing 3096 tons net burden. 3S2 feet long,
4S feet 2 inches beam and 26 feet 2 inches
deep. This is Captain Knudsen's first visit
to San Francisco in a steamship, but he
was here twenty-five years ago in a saiU
ing vessel. The Hermonthis comes into
port in splendid shape, and Chief Steward
Fordsen has the cabins and staterooms
looking like those on a yacht.
The Hermonthis brought up the follow
ing named cabin passengers:
Jucn Rios, George Schmuck, Francisco Bo
pan, Miss Paula Schoeffer and maid, Panta
leon Eaauerra, Miss Marie Esquerra, Carlos
Linga and Candalarla Ochoa.
Mr. Esquerra is the head of the Mazat
lan house of Wohler, Barlnung & Co. and
comes here for medical treatment. Mr.
Bogan is a wealthy planter from Salva
dor and Miss Schoeffer is his niece. Mr.
Schmuck is a wealthy planter of Hon-
IS THE BALAENA A WRECK?
Shipping 1 ilen Seem to Think There
Is a Mistake.
A dispatch frcm Seattle published yester
day morning states that the steam whaler
Balaena was wrecked on St. Lawrence Isl
and en May 1 and that Captain "P. F.
Cotte" and his crew had been saved, but
had endured much hardship before being
finally rescued. In whaling circles and
among shipping men the impression is
that the Balaena is all right, and that
the wreck was probably that of the steam
whaler William Baylies.
The William Baylies left here on March
32 for the Arctic in command of Captain
S. F. Cottle. while the Balaena left April
7 in command of Captain Leavitt. The
Baylies would be in the vicinity of St.
Lawrence Island about May 1, but the
chances are all against the Balaena get
ting there by that time, even if she went
all the way under steam, which is not
probable. Then Captain "P. F. Cotte" is
very like S. F. Cottle, and not a bit like
Leavitt. From these facts seafaring men
argue that next advices will show that it
•was the Baylies and not the Balaena that
was wrecked. Then again Captain Cottle
of the Baylies may have taken the news
to Nome and In that way got his name
mixed up in the wreck. The St. Paul,
which will be due next Sunday, should
bring full particulars of the disaster.
Water Front Notes. >
The transi>ort Buford will sail for Ma
nila on the 10th inst, the Grant on the
ICth and the Thomas on the 23d, while
the Kilpatrick sails August 1. The two
latter vessels will carry the school teach
ers, as the Logan will not be ready for
sea before September L
Captain Dunn of the transport service
Is back at his post again. He was called
East three weeks ago by the Illness of
his father, but the old gentleman was on
the road to recovery when his son reached
home. : ' : .- i
Captain Gove has taken command of
the barkentine Xorthwest and Captain
Ackerman of the schooner Berwick.
The schooner Fred E. Sanders, from
Port Ludlow for Nome, was spoken June
1C off Nunivak Island with "her stem dam
aged.
The schooner C. T. Hill, which got dan
percuply close to Bakers Beach last Tues
day night, was towed to sea yesterday
morning. . • ' .*,\
Hume Bros & .Hume.
Eehr Rosamond, Johnson, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlxnond & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, July 3.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, San Dleeo.
Stmr Del Norte. Green. .
Stmr Mary D Hume. Moore, Nushagak.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, Grenwood.
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, Hilo.
Schr Berwick, Ackerman, Coquille River.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, .
Schr Rosamond. Johnson, Honolulu.
Schr Mary C. Camnbell, Bodegra.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, Willapa Harbor..
Schr Volunteer, Bressem, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per Btmr Humboldt. at Seattle July 3. from
Nome — Spoke schr Fred E Sanders on June 16
off Nunlvak Island, with stem gone, bound
from Port Ludlow for Cape Nome, 59 days out.
May SL no lat. etc— Fr bark La Bruyere,
from Shields, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS. July 3. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; -wind N\V, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 2— Ger shio Nal,
from Hioro.
Sailed July 3— Stmr Signal, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 2— Schr Monterey,
hence June 26.
Arrived July S— Schr Eliza Miller, hence
June 17.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 3— Stmr Rival,
hence June 27.
BANDON, Or— Arrived July 2— Schr Corin
thian, hence June 13.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed July 2, at 6 p m—
Stmr Crescent City, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 2— Stmr Jeanie. for
Nome. July 3 — Stmr Oreeon, for Nome.
Sailed July 2— Stmr Chas Nelson, for Skag
uay. ..
Arrived July 3— Stmr Bertha, from Valdez.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived June 15— Stmr
Newsbcy, hence June 2.
Returned June 17 — U S stmr Bear, on account
of ice this side of St. Paul Island.
'SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 3— Schr Phllip
phine, from Tacoma. July 2 — Schr Lucy, from
Umpqua. •
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed July2— Ship M P
Grace, for Svdney.
TACOMA— Arrived July 3— Schr J M Weath
erwax. from Bristol Bay.
EAST SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 3— Stmr Geo
Loomis, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in July 3— Etmr San
Mateo, hence June 20, for Nanaimo; Br stmr
Empress of China, from Yokohama.
Passed out July 3 — Stmr Jeanie, for Nome.
USAL — Sailed July 2— Stmr Samoa, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 3-Stmr
Newbure, hence June IS.
Sailed July 3— Schr Chas. E Falk, for San
Pedro; schr W J Patterson, for Honolulu.
EUREKA- Arrived July 1— Stmr San Pedro,
hence June 30; stmr Alliance, hence June 29;
stmr North Fork, hence June 28. July 3— Stmr
Pomona, hence July 1. . •
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed July 3— Schr J
H Bruce, for San Francisco; schr Inca, for
Noumea: schr Carrier Dove, for Callao.
NEAH BAY— Passed in July 3— Ship Abner
Coburn. from Honolulu.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— To sail June 2S— Ship Para
mita, for Pueet Sound.
HILO— Arrived June 15— Schr WF Jewett.
from Port Gamble; was to sail on June 25 for
Pu^et Sound.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 3— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
Sailed July 3— Stmr City of Washington, for
Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ALGOA'BAY— Arrived July 2— Br ship Drum
burton, from Port Blakeley.
PANAMA— Sailed June 22— Br stmr Arequi
pa.* for San Francisco.
In port, to sail July 3 — Chll stmr Aconcagua,
for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 1— Br ship An
dreta, from Portland. » /
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to July 3— Br
stmr Empress of Japan, from Vancouver.
SALINAS CRUZ— Arrived July 3— Schr Jo
seph Russ, hence June 5.
ACAPULCO— Sailed July I— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
PENARTH— Sailed June 25— Fr bark Oliver
de Glissen. for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 25— Fr bark Amir
aide Coruulier. for Astoria.
VALPARAISO— In port May 11— Ger bark
Favorite, for Astoria.
HAMBURG— In port May 21— Fr bark Gen
eral Melinet. for Actoria.
HIOGO— In r>ort June 18— Ger ship Mabel
Rickmers. for Astoria.
HONGKONG — In port June 1— Fr bark Mare
chalde Villars, for Astoria.
AN'TOFAGASTA— Sailed May 2&-Chll bark
India, for Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
NEW YORK — Arrived July. Z — Stmr Seryla,
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed July 3— Stmr Kensington, for Antwerp.
GIBRALTAR— Passed July 3— Stmr Sicilia,
from Gcona and Naples, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN- Arrived July 3— Stmr Rhy
land. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Sailed July 3— Stmr Saxony, from Liverpool,
for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July 2— Stmr St
Louis, from New York.
Sailed July 3 — Stmr Frederick der Grosse,
from Bremen, for New York.
BARCELONA— Arrived July 8— Stmr Mari
anne, from San Francisco, via Corunna, and St
VIncennes.
YOKOHAMA- Arrived - prior to July 3— Stmr
Empress of Japan, from Vancouver, for Hongr
kons.
GLASGOW— Arrived July 3— Stmr Ethiopia,
froua New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 3— Stmr Nordland,
for Philadelphia.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and . Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur, at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
KOSMOS LINER HERMONTHIS IN A GALE IN THE SOUTH ATLANTIC. FOR TWENTY-FOUR HOURS, WITH
THE ENGINES GOING FULL SPEED. SHE WAS NOT ABLE TO MAKE A MILE AHEAD. SHE HAD TO RE
PAIR WHILE L.TIXG IN VALPARAISO.
Struggles Three Days in Gale Off Straits of Magellan, During
Which Cabins Are Flooded, Decks Swept and Ventilators and
Everything. Movable Carried Away and Other Damage Done
KOSMOS LINER HERMONTHIS MEETS
HEAVY WEATHER IN THE ATLANTIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY^ JULY 4, 1901* \
5
THURSDAY. JULY 4.
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
Time Time
Date Ft.
H W L, TV
4 ... 0:08 5.6 7:00
6 ... 1:00 6.4 7:40
6 ... 1:55 B.I 8:18
7 .. 3:00 4.6 9:04
6 .. 4:11 4.3 9:56
9 ... 5:30 4.0 10:48
* L TV H W
10... 0:24 0.7 7:01
i-ii'i
..4:32
.7:35
i. m.
Tlme|
Ft. >Ft
H Wj
-0.4 2:111 6.0
—0.1 2:46 - 6.2
0.3 3:22 6.3
0.8 4:01 6.4
1.4 4:44 6.6
1.8 5:34 5.8
L W
3.9 11:46 2.3
Time
L, W
Ft.
7:01
8:00
9:04
10:10
11:14
2.7
2.4
•2.1
1.7
1.2
ii'w
- 6:23
..••'.
• 6.0
TO ARRIVE. :
, Steamer. From. Due
W. H. Krueer. Fort Eragg- July 4
Fulton Grays Harbor- July 4
Xoyo...... Cayucos July 4
Mineola Nanalmo July 4
"Washtenaw Tacoma Uuly 4
San Pedro Humboldt July 4
Pomona Humboldt IJulv 4
North Fork Humboldt (July 4
G. W. Eldir... Portland anu Astoria.. Uuly 4
Santa Kosa — San Diego July 4
Cresctnt City.. Crescen% City July 1
Coos|Jay..." Newport July 4
Point Arena... Point Arena July 5
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Pts July 3
G. Dollar Grays Harbor July 5
Rival..' Willapa Harbor July 5
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports .... July 6
Arcata Coos Bay July rt
Eureka Humboldt July 7
St. Paul. Xome & St. Michael... July 7
Milton Nanaimo July 7
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... July 7
Bonita San Pedro & Way Ports July 7
Corona: San Diego July 7
Prosxeso Tacoma July 7
Empire Coos Bay *. July 8
Newburg Grays Harbor July 8
Acme Siuslaw River July 8
Despatch San Pedro ....: July S
Leelanaw X. Y.vla Panama....... July it
Nippon Maru.. China and 'Japan July 9
Newport Panama & Way Ports. July 9
Columbia Tcrtland and Astoria.. July !)
Matteawan Tacoma July- 0
Santa Rosa San Diego July 11
Coos Bay Newport July 11
Walla Walla... Pupet Sound Ports July 11
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. (Sails.) Pier.
July~4.
Robt. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
.July 5.
Noyo Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 33
Mandalay — Coyullle River .... 4 pm Pier —
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla Pugfct Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
July C.
Santa Barb... Humboldt 10 am Pier °
Pomona...... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Coos Bay Newport 9 am Pier 11
Sierra Australia & Way. 2 pm Pier 7
July 7. .
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
San Pedro.... Humboldf 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diefro 9 am Pier 11
July 8.
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm Pier 1G
Arcata Coos Bay * pm Pier 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
San Jose Panama & Way. ..112 m PMSS
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ..|12 m ath St.
July 9.
Ammon Hamburg & AVay.. 12 m Pier 27
Doric China- and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Bonita San Pedro 9 am Pier 11
July 10.
Czarina Seattle &.Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
St. Paul..".... Nome & St Michael Pier —
City of Puebl. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Acme Siuslaw River — 3 pm Pier 13
Corona ISan Dleso 9 am Pier 11
FROM SEATTLE.
Destination. . Sails.
Alkl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 4
City of Topeka Skaguay & AVay Ports. July 5
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. July 5
Senator Nome & Teller City.... July *¦
Valencia Nome direct , July S
Centennial Nome & Teller City July. S
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. July 6
Farallon Rkaguay & Way Ports. July | 7
Queen. Skagruay & Way Ports.lJuly 9
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. | July 9
Steamer.
TO ARRIVE. :
, Steamer. From. Due
W. H. Krueer. Fort Eragg- July 4
Fulton Grays Harbor- July 4
Xoyo...... Cayucos July 4
Mineola Nanalmo July 4
"Washtenaw Tacoma Uuly 4
San Pedro Humboldt July 4
Pomona Humboldt IJulv 4
North Fork Humboldt (July 4
G. W. Eldir... Portland anu Astoria.. Uuly 4
Santa Kosa — San Diego July 4
Cresctnt City.. Crescen% City July 1
Coos|Jay..." Newport July 4
Point Arena... Point Arena July 5
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Pts July 3
G. Dollar Grays Harbor July 5
Rival..' Willapa Harbor July 5
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports .... July 6
Arcata Coos Bay July rt
Eureka Humboldt July 7
St. Paul. Xome & St. Michael... July 7
Milton Nanaimo July 7
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... July 7
Bonita San Pedro & Way Ports July 7
Corona: San Diego July 7
Prosxeso Tacoma July 7
Empire Coos Bay *. July 8
Newburg Grays Harbor July 8
Acme Siuslaw River July 8
Despatch San Pedro ....: July S
Leelanaw X. Y.vla Panama....... July it
Nippon Maru.. China and 'Japan July 9
Newport Panama & Way Ports. July 9
Columbia Tcrtland and Astoria.. July !)
Matteawan Tacoma July- 0
Santa Rosa San Diego July 11
Coos Bay Newport July 11
Walla Walla... Pupet Sound Ports July 11
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. (Sails.) Pier.
July~4.
Robt. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
.July 5.
Noyo Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 33
Mandalay — Coyullle River .... 4 pm Pier —
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla Pugfct Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
July C.
Santa Barb... Humboldt 10 am Pier °
Pomona...... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Coos Bay Newport 9 am Pier 11
Sierra Australia & Way. 2 pm Pier 7
July 7. .
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
San Pedro.... Humboldf 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diefro 9 am Pier 11
July 8.
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm Pier 1G
Arcata Coos Bay * pm Pier 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
San Jose Panama & Way. ..112 m PMSS
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ..|12 m ath St.
July 9.
Ammon Hamburg & AVay.. 12 m Pier 27
Doric China- and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Bonita San Pedro 9 am Pier 11
July 10.
Czarina Seattle &.Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
St. Paul..".... Nome & St Michael Pier —
City of Puebl. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Acme Siuslaw River — 3 pm Pier 13
Corona ISan Dleso 9 am Pier 11
FROM SEATTLE.
Destination. . Sails.
Alkl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 4
City of Topeka Skaguay & AVay Ports. July 5
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. July 5
Senator Nome & Teller City.... July *¦
Valencia Nome direct , July S
Centennial Nome & Teller City July. S
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. July 6
Farallon Rkaguay & Way Ports. July | 7
Queen. Skagruay & Way Ports.lJuly 9
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. | July 9
Steamer.
THURSDAY. JULY 4.
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
Time Time
Date Ft.
H W L, TV
4 ... 0:08 5.6 7:00
6 ... 1:00 6.4 7:40
6 ... 1:55 B.I 8:18
7 .. 3:00 4.6 9:04
6 .. 4:11 4.3 9:56
9 ... 5:30 4.0 10:48
* L TV H W
10... 0:24 0.7 7:01
i-ii'i
..4:32
.7:35
i. m.
Tlme|
Ft. >Ft
H Wj
-0.4 2:111 6.0
—0.1 2:46 - 6.2
0.3 3:22 6.3
0.8 4:01 6.4
1.4 4:44 6.6
1.8 5:34 5.8
L W
3.9 11:46 2.3
Time
L, W
Ft.
7:01
8:00
9:04
10:10
11:14
2.7
2.4
•2.1
1.7
1.2
ii'w
- 6:23
..••'.
• 6.0
FORT BRIE, CANADA.
JULY 3 - 1901.
5S173 • S15000.00
9785 -.. 4000.00
606SS • •-. — . 2000.00
34338 • ••• 1OOO.OO
04338 fSOO.OO
55S14 500.00
Following $200 OO each:
83176 I 4G907
OO533 ! CGGG9
12579 I
Following $60.00 each:
4OO38 ! K393
02227 I 96677
17561 L 51867 \
J.O«v4q 1 4 4 •> J • *
6521 J 11GSO
68991 I 91 ®V
O41OO I 578O<;
84943 I 49243
2O139 I 84111,.
SS777 :l.-'./-V-a^g™ ':
trains.
CAMP REVERIE, |\l pn rinmp K you want to
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS. — — KI10W WnCrC .10
NOW_OPEN, I Central California | lhis SummcY)
t^c£u^S%^h^?^la^y h^lLM. San Jose 1, the central city of California, and «* J
n ,,^^r ™nva™ 1 ' aIIway Js P rac " Hotel Vendome Is its most attractive feature.
-r-iwt t. ht .hP^k S8 50 Furnished Adjacent to Llclc Observatory. New Almaden CaU or write Tor
Table board -b> the weeK. 56 00. irurnisnea Oulcksllv^r Mine Alum Rock Park and count-
SSSs Sw^^feSaSrurss "vacation i90i»:
round trip. 52 oO. lake Doat at llDuron rerry. . rA<m»>rt with service unsurpassed.
Call or address Camp Reverie Association. £_ t^ e 2_ re J "P' ct « F^"fiirt*er information call
Room .81. Flood Building. San Francisco, for R f. ' ? Trlve?e^ offlcS 20 MontgomS- Street. This !> a llttl» book Just Issued by th» CHI-
particulars and booklets; or write Camp Reverie . « p • fShcIsoo or address fornla Northwestern Railway Company, and la
Association P.- O. Forestvflle. Sonoma Co.. GEO f '^ ELiXj Mgr San Jose. Cal. profusely Illustrated. It gives campln* loc*-
o^oTgc^^^ i — - «™' h f eIS mtaeral iPri T De nKT \ ltX
— ; VVV TTT A IT U^k Marln, Sonoma. Mendoclno and Laka counties.
H | I g ' (LJ B A l\l 3 1 Besides. It contains a list cf about 230 farms
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.. •JtllljIlljillNii B *™ZT£££\?£Z £Vm™
3V4 Hours' Ride From Los •Angeles Cal. VN TT^ •»% lTTk T /^ /N week - Ticket offices, 650 Market street (Chroa-
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST. C D 13 T Rl ii V ««>• building) and Tlburon Ferry. General of-
na T m h e r n d t. 111 * ' SSg - Oi JllIIM IJO. ?«', Matual "* «»«-«. Ransom. «d Call-
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Banfi. »*^.^ **.w*.^m.^. -m ¦**, r"~ T fornla streets. San Francisco. R. XKTAN.
The Society Resort. Only Three Hours* Staging General Passenger Agent.' H. C. •WHITING.
.BIESS^sl^ if arfflfflt^isa^ G '°"- M "'" r -
s?»^^ t ,««: i«s:CF^ t r'sl AX-M17T- T TMT7
phlets. apply to pEcK writing full, particulars. Addre,s CRAIG A g II I US « I I 1 111 M
10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. WARNER. | I f\ \ | S H i H i 1 i I Il|i
Or BANNING CO.. \JM 1 US B 1 J_ J IH 11 H 1
222 South Spring St.. I^os Angeles. Cal. -^ i^^mhbm^w . t
M A DA Hana PRimfv For tn * complexion. Indispensable for th«
Oeliqhtful Surroundinqs and W7ITTED .i.lirtrrl..i napa UUUUl/, Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and r«-
r.»ii.>> Arrnmmiuiitinntat Will Cl% „ » ,, . rnrkikir<r Pa! moves tan. sunburn and infection from Poison
Excellent Accommodations at 1» « A R I'M SODA SPRINGS - Oak - Indorsed by the medical prof es .ion. At
MEDICAL SPRINGS T^^Sn. BEAOTnrcii OF clTrp^m^ hot QPRTMrq
LAKE COUNTY. CAL. Ratls »0 to |lV per week. Two trains dally. l/ALl* UKJN1A HU 1 brKlNUb
Certain cure for Stomach. Liver. Kidney. foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m. Hot Spri ngs. but not a sanitarium.
Bladder. Skin and Blood Diseases _, For further Information address \ Formerly Agoa Callente Springs. Sonoma
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou- a. DOLLMANN. Proprietor. valley. No staging : 46 miles via C. Ry. or
Fands Cured. ' , ~~- s. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. 8plen-
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail- did table. Come Sundays, try it. Round trip,
road. Pta*e froin Uklah. >«?» ¦ "0^4 fT r% M\l H A $110. Telephone: expensive Improvenents; SU
RODNEY McCORMlCK. General Manager. £ T » 111 I t fl H B « and Hi COOPER & SHEDDEN. Affua C»-
I A |^ \ I I ii fl ""^^ '¦ —
Wain P Office' a & Water" Depot. 916 Market, r. (i4. £^ J[ ' J J_ \/iii* RUBICON PARK,
~~ "^ A dellchtful summer resort on the shore of
f»j mM m l f^ jm. f% HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA rwr HE SFASIDE RESORT OF CENTRAL Lake Tahoe. Everything- new. Best beach for
V K U SvilS, Co -: OT) ) y iVi hours from 1 rnllfnrrI , on Monterey Bay Now open, bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting.
OainUUO San Francisco: but 9 miles v n 7 . p w rbi TnP maimr hotel- Butts, fl.-hine tackle and saddle horses at mod.
staging; waters noted for Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE. manager nowi. erate ' h j re: ,, per day or no , 13 and , 14
medicinal virtues: b?st natural bath in State; FRANK REANIER. supt. camp. Capltola. Cal. week p os tofflce. telephone. A. L. FROST.
pood trout streams; telephone, telesrraph. daily — Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
mair and express; first-class hotel and stage ww _._.________, — ¦_ . -> Y t^tt ~
service; irorning nnd aJtemcon Btnges; round VflCl? R/i TT^R 1/ A I I K Y ' f*M r?TVTI> T%t\r\ir
trip from S. F. only *> 50. Take Tlhuron ferry \ UolllTlI 1 & V KLULl JL , GLEI\BROOK»
nt 7-30 a. m. or. 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or *¦ . '
112 a week. References— Any *uest of the past BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE Various amusements. Large and small game.
~' f ii ntvir SsS^^aS 1 board-frhit FiM«-,jr~*tt
BWIS UJIW nSJ?I A^en" S^Market *t..™postte P^lafe Terms. $6: fare 80c. Box 64. Redwcod City.
a U 8 M S» 80 1 Hotel S. F.': tel. Black 3571. - '
' xSl S. JEL/ it U \S M . '—— ' LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRIXG3
r-»F* C: C O'DONNELL'9 STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs.
> k^-^ti ,r>«-»r-if rVl/^^ . oiWi .rT' ewiNnq at GLEV ELLEV Via . Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
hot springs. M!& E^|SS Q VJUra«?sv ss sa» J i!f 1 swsa"iL-if s,sre
,i'TS%^'r^r^ r 'XT^ KiaK k 3 t^» s ff4. e 5sH s&jnsgiftsr&'i&s-siz
illu-trated pamphlets address P. ROBERT- rh . e I u ? aa " s ™ s r x?e S P R R Tnd S F. senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
SON. Prop. ' ?%* p^r r give special ratVa Tio campers stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
' * N "i»V • il"* ?»,;?¦ fTiVnWh«l- rent cheat) 1 ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
30 c ° tta^ es , a " d u^ n !, s . k fu a r t nl fhe part" mineral Springs call for tickets by- Bartlett Springs
OWN A HOME 'V^- CAMP MEEKE8 ggf^^^g^Ss^ e "" l mW * h O w^ d .
Suy lots J10 up: cottages built by Meeker. $30 P/ h ;• V 7th £ f Tf vou want your health. •
up; beating, bathing, ter.tlns ground free: saw- 6th ana mi ,^ . t LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-paesenger Yoseralt*
rnlll depot, store, postofflce at camp; board pleasure ana longp-rn. w_ Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
nnd lodging $0; take Sausalito ferry. $3 round dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER., or H. M. ¦ ' mm^nr VI " IT BT^ £T\ fW to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard, Andsr-
GKKGSO:-.". Camp Meeker. Sor.oma County. MM H fLU ijjn O _ 8 ftai Sfe. 3 ""on. Astorss and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
~ " ¦ fmra rfis ft&'lfn 1 BiraS fi . >3 n ' tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga;
|BM Ai 13 UEU lltftSJ SLAita* 1 ' D also to Middletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvllla
GbwnnffotflhFnvtsi f I 11 springs* ™* evoTt - ™- spmRS - propriet ° f --
<§S\ 2 M MM/M JtlUtBf&S/J £M/J)^ 1 wl =* •» twtke LAUREL. Los Gatos— First-class family
Jg J ¥ y *^ M t^^mtm^ Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place " boarding-house; home cooking; beautiful
-rrtrjy - * ln aIt - California: lots amusements; fine walks: surroundings; 5 minutes" walk to town. Terms,
< 4fljr Three trains daily; ZVz hours" ride. A all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per $8 to $10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
Bettens. Mgr\ Byron Hot Spgs., Cal. week. Open May Ii Circulars at city office, McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Props.
Lombard & Co.. 26 Geary street. City. 918 Larkln st.. S. F. DRURY & KROEGER. ¦ ¦
nrw I niV/IfiNr\ WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS. 3111111.
OC1N LWIYIV/nL'* Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal.. 26 miles by
Park House In the Santa Cruz mountains: 5 stage west of Williams: fare $2. Hottest and ' ¦--;¦¦
minutes from station: fine scenery; fishing-, strongest water on the Coast: temperature 148 XTTT\T\TTT IT- • /*A ft X "
hunting, fine drives., free carriage meets all dejr Cures rheumatism, dropsy salt rheum. 1 1 / I . I . 1/ I V I A i
tra.n, . MRS. I. N. HAYES. .^^^^r^^^^Md^e^j. 1 H H j( [ ' I ft
HUNTING m FiSHNG G^LORF K«i?SSS ll »w N S?,B!eSS? SKS U JLyi/iii/ 1 \J 111/1/
nUHII^H hHU riOi:|.1U U'UUnC, incluaini; baths, J10 a week. WM. OELGEART,
Parties wishing to go on a hunting and fish- proprietor ¦ - —
Ing expedition in the Coast Range, where deer — r - " t -:.
elegant a may r find vi*y out by writing to POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS. „, .. . >¦-,
G. A. EATON, Lowrey. Tehama County. Greatly improved. New cottages, largo hall, _# |t PUDl»Sr*o3 the Cream Of VtiM
¦ pianos, billiard, pool and other games: every- *-*\ .. , ... . . -
- _ «. aNNf«RPRr <h'"K n ew : * 7 *** ™ e *- Round trip by stmr. I PJe\V» 01 the Week and
-aOHMNlSI.f=jp»r:RO. p , »J Are na. V. Inquire at Beadle Bros.*. 34 ©C
First-class family resort in the- Napa red-' Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansom* I .. * MV a ttd a ptivc *xtrx
woods. Exhilarating air. hunting, fishing, g" or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK. Point ©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
swimming and boatinsr. Terms reasonable. In- Arena Cal - 1 rtDir^iM n ccitiidcc
quire THEO. ELANCKENBURG JR.. Prop., Arena. Cal. I ORIGINAL FEATURES.
Oakville Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau. ' 1 • ____
20 Montgomery st. - ¦ _^ <4 F>5 N E K NOLL." <=< |J IS THE BEST WEEKLY
fPTjp rCVOPDC cilVmn Beautiful mansion house and magnificent ra/ • PAPER ON TUB
llifci UhYbllKb, r«»«tl grounds, situated In foothills, one and a half °S . PACIFIC CO 4ST
O- T _ n _. „._-.„_.„ tvov™ 0 * SY-ttt miles from St. Helena. Table unsurpassed. FAWrll, tUASf
NE OF NATURES WONDERS NATXJ- Ter ms reasonable. Address P. O. box 55. St. °\ . — — ¦*»\
ral eteam baths; swimming, flshlne. hunt- TToie-nn rni : . 1 V . . •
ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. I. " el ' '. '. S\ _ _ X . <„ . ?>£; f : ;
WERTHEIMER, manager. 1 TkS BfiSt V S Mining
~ — KLAWIATH HOT SPRINGS. O< t. jL w .-«M» X / W-.«. Th»»
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on J Mfl&grapnlC XX Kc>VS WOl
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River. ©/ -«»rvir«» nn XV f« ArrurntA
nniTAPi O (TftrttHM/^r* Rates. J2 and }3 3) per day; JU to JU per week. "*\ Jervite UH /X U rtlUiraiB
SARATOGA SPRINGS. as'r^^So^'aol^Wirs&s p< t *> c ™*S'. \*«vto.«to
S. MARTENS. Prop., Bachelor P. P., Lake Co. County ' Cal " ', ¦_ O^ / X- _
INDEPENDENCE LAKE. SOLID COMFORT HOME «SKr£ 'TtT .
v. i * - n .? vi « . altitude, no fog: climate deiightfuL Large c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
Flshhs;. boats: excellent tab e; climate per- orchard, vegetable garden: Hot. cold baths. «Ol a Line W u Ocn»UUflaJ .
feet: 16 miUs from Truckee. in an unbroken Spring water. Ru ten. J7 week un. Stage meets r-J "-*•" Or FaKV. and Not 3L Line Oi
forest. Further information Traveler office.- 20 train SCHTJLER & <!CHEBKN Nam Cal °\ " n / » . . »-*»*w w»
Moiitcomery. or MRS. II. M. CLEMONS. tra ' n ' SCHULfc.lt & &.CHLBK.N. J.apa. Cal. } . j^ UointereStin2.
Truckee, Cal. , . ¦ - , CX J -^
; CAMP CURRY 1 — _. , ' j.^
vtr*HY ss*>f9/ni#^e - Makes it possible for you to spend a week or a Ov . ¦¦ ¦ ¦
n. m i/ n ,™ in th.tini).;? «..»». »v month In Yosemite without exhausting all your I " ¦
Vi^ht Water "abundant The only natural resources. Rates. $12 per week; $45 per month. ©< Bright. Clean. A Champloa «f
v icny w aici jjj u uunuan l. x lie only natural ca iut a -!,»* ,,f_..i , » ***^^ aoktiut t . n «h ¦
Electric. Waters: Champagne Bathsf Springs OUce, y Markrt S twt_ ) ThoH Z httaU Irvch.
Numerous; Baths Unequalfd. Three miles from yogE; " fTE *¦* O\ I I
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. : i '. ' : " J i
'':' Proprietors. WIT I fl W P A NfR Form " r Proprietor W. °\ : ¦ ¦¦"
; ; ; nib^Uff. JlflHVU Crandell-A wmmerhome _J A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
For rest and fiealth livi -ruicr i^icddac ln tne redwoods. 5 miles from; Santa Crua: O< .i • w ™7c ¦
rorresTananeana ||\| THE SIERRAS running water, swimming, croquet, abundance- J AIL THE TLML
near Coif ax on C. P. R. R. Eleviitiou Just right— cf fruit, home cooking; tablf sneaks for Itself. O\ """
SJtOft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging good For particulars. TULEY & ILIFF. Santa Cruz. J rr »nvnr*TT« I crvT irv
t.able;finestscenery,water,air,rruitandcliniate. ; ; r— OC L ft »ir I m •• «t
Ideal forests and grounds . gS.OO a week. Sendfor , VHITR cm nuno cnn.v/-c. J «""£ I MAIL. .M
booklet. Orchard Springs, CoUax.CaL \a YUI^
, . . '. ! ' lejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, nenral- "
" • rcti i cvilF HflTFt : 'V.', : » gia. eczema, kidney, liver, stomach -diseases.
X_v DtliLDVUC nuiDL. Hotel and Cottages renovated. L=tke for boating -111 '¦- T_ __
P. O. ¦ EL " VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $* to $10 a week. Fini5*f»f3ef! "fT* 1R M^iSe^
(King's Crossing), on California Northwestern Special rates families. M. MADRID. VaUeJo. Cal. U"'.a» &•** »- v ' mv? *. c *&^''« 3
Railway. - Hot mineral baths near by. Terms. ¦ , .
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR- • — . „«. - i» _.' ¦• * ¦'
DOtl. lessee. ' . $.'50.00 ¦ ~ .-_'
-- --, . '¦ : > i ¦ Or less cover all expenses of «. 10 days' .j ¦
MOUNTAIN HOME." trip to Yosemite. Currj-s Office. .630 Market ¦ ' ___
guests at home; never fail to return; send for 1Uo hJr.drea reward ior any SMSJ fc^
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagaa. caae we cannot cure. This secret ; »** »^|
¦ ..-.-.. ...... : BOULDER CREEK HOTEL. ' ZS^ZggS*. SStS^ Varu EUl K^
Trti I HAI1CP Under new manasement. Entirely renovated. £S o«,Sea O™^ fIS W?S P^
TOLL HOUSE. First-class family resort. Fine hunting and * KJE1 iUm
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR 'A « sh! , n^ n S "'P h " r P ' p ??SfeS^' *%LJ£l wa"u"g effects of self-abuse or JBL^
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air. $8 tlculara address P. J. W ELCH. Prop.. Boulder exces3<^. gent sealed. S2 bottle: 3 raillurtlSl
per week. H. B. LAAVLEY. Callstoga. Cal. : Creefc. Cal. -^ . _^ bottles $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
— — -: ; : r— ¦•¦- • ¦ • .-¦-¦ dress "HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 863
**f\ t nnDTHP'rcvcCBc TAMP TAVHIQ Cottages, camplnx. fishing; Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for nalo at 1073^
HO I FOK I tlb (jnY(»llK%». tAlUl . I A I LUiV Mmlles from S. F.; in the Market st.. S. F. All private diseases Quickly
•Via C.' C. Foss' Stage Line from' Callstogra. redwoods.! . Call Traveler office., 20 Montgomery cured. Send for free book. '¦-..-
The scenic route. Livery ln connection. C. C. street, or address H. O. MARTIN. Proprietor. • — : : : —
FOSS: Proprietor. Callstoga, Cal. ; ¦ ¦ — — — IFpft fr MpTl QTIfi ' WnTTIPTl
HOTEL BENVENUE. >: WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS. W COii 1UCU dilU Jrt Ulllbll
On the shoro of Clear Lake; home cooking: Two miles from St. Helena. ¦'. Board and room. CHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS," THE ,
$7 per week ¦" and upward. F. .. and A. M. $7 a week; camping privileges. ¦ %1 £0 per week. *-**-reat Mexican remedy; gives - health and"
BCALES, Lakeport, Lake County, Cal. Address W. W. McCORMlCK, St. Helena. atrenstb to sexual organs. . Depot, S3 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by thess
"Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and • Too .Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for" Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SmallPill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
ON THE FOURTH
.You'll want your linen in the best possible
shape. Compare our work with that of
any other laundry and judge for yourself
if we don't put it in that condition. By
careful handling we make your linen long,
lived. We put a smooth velvet edge on all(
collars; we wash everything that's wash-
able.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1 Office 1OO4 Market Stroat
Telephone-South ¦4-2'©.
Oakland Office— 54 San PabloAv*.
1 Th'S Grecl Train \
m «wu runs bul twice |
h _ per weok during j:
m rur Leaving at S am, |
I O I iifc ,. . 3
< m it arrives in «
i m - Chicago at 2.15 |
i ra and Sundays. • 1
iiUilTH) ~ S
I I Lf if! 1 1 LU . Its higt) standard |§
> 1 of service is I ,
E flfH a '
| I UN fully maintained. 8 i
e STRICTLY RELIABLE,
MEN
. UliLY 1
iSSSSSkV R t FAR THE
A.'sLo**^ *^ greater number ot
jj \^ /'/V\. pitlents seeking relief
•"•vr/ bJ^^^m \s Ior so-called weakness
lLy VP^wll V» are strong, robust men in
>~f \ \C7 //' every other respect. Our
\\ \ Wt\/I // theory that Loss of Vital-
\\ \i* // // il V Prematureness, etc.,
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of ln-
I rtaminatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck ot bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation. Is now
being adopted by the leading 'specialists of the
world. Under our lotal plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing: the enlarged and
swollen Prostate. Immediate results, as indi-
cated by increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colore.1 chart of
the organs, which we send free on application,
is interesting to any one wishing to study the
nnatomy of the male.
DR. 1ALC0IT & tO., 997 Market St.
ivisiT DR. JORDAN'S great^
iHUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
A OJ 10SlUASSSTST.tet.6:Jift7:i,O.F.C:!. d
T *-rl The Largest Anatomical Museum in llie \
0 ,--jr~2— W° rl( i. Weaknesses or any omractert O
V Sg yjjO disease posltiwrly rormd hy the okleit \
Q ffjgj* £5 Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. G&
0 tl'3&^L DR " J2RDAH -DISEASES OF MEN Q
\ n^ri^ Consultation free and strirtly private. \
A n >§«/ Treatment personally or by letter. A fi
\ fl if \k Poiitivt Cure in every case undertaken. Y.
A K> If 111 I Write for Bnok. P3III.ONUPBY of fl
» II II IBABRIAGi:, MAILED FREE. ( A x
j Jj l[, valuable book for men) \
V D5t. JORDAN A CO., 1051 MnrkptSt.S. F. V
'DR. 'GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure . cf GONORKHEA, GLEETS,
6TRICTURES and analogous complaints of th»
Organs of Generation. ' '. .
Price Jl n battle. For «ale bv druggists.
OF RESPONSIBLE 1 HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prico* Lists Mailai
on Application.
.. COAL. COXE ANJ PI3 1ROX
1 T WIT £ f ft 500 Battery Street.
J- V Tf IL3U11 g CUm Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
C W'CMITH Sh 'P Plumbing. Steamboat and
W- Tf • k lfll III, ship Work a specialty. 16 and
18 Washington st. Telephone Main 66tL *
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. , "
fA^ RftY^^ ft CX Shipping ' Butchers. IM
JA?' DUICJtt WJ- C i a y^ TcL Ma[n 1294
' OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. .Phone Main 1719. ¦
LUBRICATING OILS, ' ENSIGN v & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear St., S. F. Tel. Main 5320. r
Pioneer Dry Goods Store. .
. MEN'S . WHITF3 DRESS . SHIRTS £ for 40c.
worth $1; Ladles' and Childrep'a Hose Be a
Pair, at Pioneer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
PRINTING.
F^f HIIfiFIFS ? PRINTER. 3 ;L:
L. W- UUUlILJi 611 Sansome »t.. 8. F.
PRINTERS,' BOOKBINDERS.
THE ' HICKS-JUDD CO.".
23 First Street, Ban Francisco.TWO or three days of hot weather tell on horses more than on human be
ings. To prevent heat prostration, a straw bonnet is the latest novelty for
horses in Philadelphia. It is designed to shade the animal's head, keep
ing the brain center cool. The Philadelphia Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals has adopted the device and reconimends it to horse
owners.
Dolly and Colonel, the team of grays that hauls the society's ambulance, have
been equipped with the unique sombreros. The conical crowned skypieces are
held in place by bands of bright red, tied In a bow around the neck. Two open
ings in the brim admit the horse's ears and insure stability.
It is proposed to distribute these bonnets in needy cases called to the society's
attention— cart horses, owned singly by poor men who can't afford luxuries for
themselves, let alone their horses. The brim of the hat does not fit tightly
over the head. There is space for the breeze to play. The crown wards off the
penetrating sunbeams and lends a chic air. The straw is of light, perforated
variety, woven in one piece.
As the summer waxes warmer straw hats for horses will be In greater de
mand.
Algernon— Well, the bride was red, the
groom was white, and her father, who
had all the bills to pay, was blue.—Balti
more World.
Clarence— "Why do you say the wedding
was patriotic? ...
School Teacher— Now, Bobby, spell
needle.
Bobby— Neldle, needle.
Teacher— Wrong. There's no "1" in
needle.
Bobby— Well, 'taint a good needle, then.
—Montreal Star.
Dashem— My boy, I have got an auto
mobile on an entirely new plan.
Smashem— I am rather of the opinion
that you have got It on the old plan, for
I don't suppose you Intend to pay for It
—Daily States.
"Tour medicine has helped me wonder
fully," she wrote to the patent medicine
house. "Three weeks ago I could not
spank the baby and now I am able to
thrash my husband. God bless you!"—
Smart Set.
"Ze robber ees a small man, ees he
not?" said the bewildered foreigner.
"Yes," replied the native.
"Zen why do ze papers say ha ees at
large?"— Chicago Tribune. ,
Merchant— Oh, no; he was in quite, a
different line when he died. He was hang
ed.—Daily States. . , . ..
In Texas— "I hear that Hackensack is
dead. Did he continue in hfs grocery
line?"
Irish Schoolmaster (sympathetically)— I
am tould there's been a death in your
family, Dennis. "Was it you or your
brother that died?— London Scraps.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Stop Diarrhae and Stomach Cramps. Dp.
Siegert's Genuine Imported Angostura Bittern. •
The Santa Fe to Merced and stag* thenc»
via Merced Falls. Coultervllle, Hazel Gr«en,
Merced Biff Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arrlvine at Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This ia the moat popular route
and the rates are the. lowest. Ask at 641 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Best Way to tha Yossmlte.
Several hitherto unknown poems by
King James I have been discovered In the
Bodleian Library at Oxford. They will
be edited for the Clarendon Press by Mr.
Rait, a Scotchman.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
MACHINE COMPANY— An Old Sub
scriber, Suisun, Cal. This department ha»
time and again announced that it does not
publish answers which would be in the na
ture of an advertisement for any private
business, and for that reason will not "ad
vise through your Answers to Correspond
ents'* the address of the machine com
pany asked about- "An Old Subscriber"
and others desiring Information of that
class should in letter of inquiry Inclose a
self-addressed stamped envelope.
LA"W LIBRARY— Lex. City. The first
attempt to establish a law library In San
Francisco was made by a small number
of members of the bench and bar In Sep
tember, 1865. The law organizing the pres
ent library went Into operation March 9,
1S70. It was first located in the third story
of the old City Hall, then moved to the
Exchange building, then to Montgomery
block. It was moved to Its present loca
tion, the City Hall, in December, 1SS2.
VOTES FOR GOVERNOR— J.. Hay
wards, Cal. The vote for successful can
didates for Governor in the three States
named in letter of Inquiry was as follows:
1SS9— Iowa, Boies 1S0.11I: Massachusetts,
Brackett 127,357; Ohio, Campbell 379.423.
1890— Massachusetts, Rassell 140,507. 1891—
Iowa. Boies 207,575; Massachusetts, Rus
sell 157,982; Ohio, McKinley SS6.739.
ISLANDS OF THE BLESSED—Sub
scriber. Alameda, Cal. The Islands of the
Blessed were, according to a very old
Greek myth, certain happy Isles situated
toward the edge of the Western Ocean,
where the favorites of the gods, rescued
from death, dwelt in joy. and possessed
everything in abundance that could con
tribute to it.
"Any person who shall desecrate the.
flag of the United States by printing
thereon or attaching thereto any adver
tisement of any nature whatever shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor."
THE AMERICAN FLAG— R. S.. City.
An act approved by the Governor of Cali
fornia March 2. 1S99, says:
CHINESE THANKSGIVING — Sub
scriber, City. The Chinese observe what
they designate a day "of' thanksgiving.
Some time in the twelfth month, usually
before the twentieth day, It is customary
for the Chinese to make a thank offering
to the gods and goddesses for the bless
ings of the year soon to close.
TABLE ETIQUETTE-Miss M. T.. City.
In going to a dining-room where a wed
ding supper Is to be served the groom
gives his left arm to the trlde. The
other gentlemen follow the example. The
host. and hostess lead the march to the
dining-room, and the first to follow ara
the groom and bride.
ERASTUS WIMAN- Subscriber. City.
Erastus Wlman, the "Kind" of Staten Isl
and, New York, was convicted of forgery
in ISM, and on the 21st of Jums sentenced
to Imprisonment In Sing Sing for flva
years.
POSTOFFICE— E. B., City. For appli
cation blanks for a position as a letter
carrier, apply to the secretary of the Civil
Service Commission In the postofflce
where the examination Is held.
THE KITCHENERS— J. H.. City. Thers
are two brothers by the name of Kitche
ner. There is Lord Kitchener of Khartoum
and Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Kitchener,
who is not a Lord.
THE NAVY— Subscriber, City. For in
formation relative to joining the United
States navy communicate with the com
mandant, navy yard. Mare Island.
BROOKLYN TABERNACLE - Sub
scriber. City. The Broklyn Tabernacle
was destroyed by fire May 14. 1S04.
HALF DOLLAR-Ed., Morro, Cal. A
half dollar of 1833 does not command a
premium from dealers.
A DAT IN 1S43-A. S., City. The 22d of
March, 1S43, fell on a Wednesday.
IN ANSWER TO
QUESTIONS OF
CALL READERS
It la much easier, to collect , a crowd
than a dollar for charity. '
The'subject is not one that requires much exhorta
tion. It is well known that there will be a great many
firecrackers exploded in all parts of the city during
the day, and the evening. In thousands of. instances
the papers of the exploded crackers, still burning with
slow fires, will be blown about by the winds and may
be carried into almost any yard or alley way. If then
there be left about the city any rubbish piles contain
ing inflammable material or bits of papfr scattered
about the yards or alley ways, there will b'e danger of
fire. It will not be difficult for each householder and
property owner to see to it that no>asily ignited sub
stance is left on his property within reach of explod
ing crackers. To that duty he should give his atten
tion before starting upon the celebration of the day.*
NO man's holiday will be marred by the exercise
of due. care to prevent an outbreak of fire
resulting from the use of fireworks and fire
crackers in t the celebration . of the day. Carefulness
will cost nothing, but carelessness may cost an enor
mous sum. It has many times occurred in these.United
States that fires entailing a loss running into the mill
ions were caused by a firecracker starting a blaze that
at first could have been extinguished in a moment and
almost without exertion.
BEWARE OF FIRES.
Now that Bryan is off on his vacation, talking in
stead of writing, the Commoner shows marked evi
dences of improvement.
"Itis sufficient to state these facts to
show that the possibility of signaling to
Mars • is entirely beyond the power of
human resources." •
"The very largest city that this earth
has ever known would be altogether too
small to be visible to a being dwelling on
the planet Mars, even if that being: were
endeavoring to see it with a telescope as
powerful as the greatest and most perfect
instrument in any observatory on this
globe. . : *
"If the . whole extent of Lake ¦ Superior
was covered with petroleum, and if that
petroleum was set on fire, then I think
we may admit that an inhabitant of
Mars who was furnished with a telescope
as good as that which j Percival. Lowell
uses at Flagstaff, might be able to see
that' something had happened. But we
must not suppose that the mighty con
flagration would-'appear, to. the Martian
as a very conspicuous object. It would
rather be a very small feature, but still
I think it would not be beyond the reach
of a practiced observer in that planet.'
On the other hand, if an area the size
of Lake Superior on Mars was be
flooded with petroleum and that j petro
leum was to be kindled, we should ex
pect to ; witness the event ' from here not
as a great and striking conflagration, .but
as a . tiny little point of 'just discernible
object, and the conflagration would not
light. .The disk of Mars ia not a large
object, and the conflagration -would not
extend over the three-hundredth part of
that disk. ; . ; ';.;
Sir Robert S. Ball, in The Independent,
says : ....-'
SIGNALING TO MARS.
NEW YORK, July 3.— The following Cal-.
ifornlans have arrived at the hotels: San
Francisco— Mrs. E. Dixon at . the Grand
Union, C T. Fitzsimona at the St. Denis,
Mrs. J. Gardner at the Victoria, J. Otis
at the Manhattan, H. G. Shaw and A. H.
Taylor at the Astor, S. C. Will at the
Holland, R. Boyd at the Navarre, "W. Bar
rett at the Herald Square, Mrs. O. "W.
Forroan &t the St. Denis, H. Merrifleld at
the Herald Square, Mrs. H. Wetherbee at
the St. Denis.
Los Angeles— T. Branner and L. Harris
and wife at tho Netherlands.
Californians in Hew York.
MORE MONEY NEEDED.
FROM the committee in charge of the work of
preparing for the convention of the Epworth
League there has been issued an appeal for addi
tional subscriptions to the funds required for the
work. At the time this city was fixed upon as the
place for holding the convention it was agreed by the
representatives of San Francisco that the sum of
$25,000 should be raised to defray expenses. Prepara
tions have been made on that basis and they cannot
be changed. It appears that . up to this time only
$14,000 has been subscribed It will be seen there is
urgent need for prompt subscriptions.
This is a good day to think the matter over and
decide how much you can give. The Epworth League
is one of the largest organizations of its kind in the
world. It represents character, religion and youth. Its
members are just the kind of people we wish to have
interested in California, i Many thousands of them will
attend the convention, and it will be well worth' our
while to give them the kind of entertainment which
has made us famous for hospitality.
San Francisco cannot afford to fail in this under
taking. The convention will attract the attention of
the whole United States, for the delegates are to come
from all sections. We wish these bright young men
and young women to be pleased with our city so that
they will carry to their homes good reports of us. To
that end everybody should contribute. Ii each gives a
little no one need give much.
There is now talk of the organization of an interna
tional salt trust and we may soon hear that the codfish
industry has been cinched.
J. K. Taylor, Supervising Architect of
the Treasury Department, visited the
Custom-house yesterday. He is on his
way to Seattle to examine the Govern
ment buildings in that place.
James H. O'Brien, the well known con
tractor and "Democratic politician, left
yesterday for Santa Cruz to spend the
national holiday with his family.
W. Jereslaw, who conducts a general
merchandise store at Brentwood, Cal., is
here on a business trip. He Is registered
at the Grand.
Police Captain John Spillane of the
southern division is confined to his home
by illness brought on by too close atten
tion to duty.
G. Gerst, who has been away from the
city for several weeks, returned yester
day and is a guest at the California.
C. F. Kayser arrived here yesterday
from South Africa, en route to Europe.
He is registered at the Palace.
Dr. I. B. Hamilton, a prominent physi
cian of Los Angeles, is in the city on busi
ness. He is at the Occidental.
J. Nl Gregg, who resides at Red Bluff
and one of the best known mining men
of the State, is at the Grand.
C. M. Sain, a well known mining man
of Reno, Nev., arrived here yesterday
and is at the Palace. "
Captain D. Thomas of the British ship
British General is a guest at the Occi
dental.
J. W. Kaselberg, an extensive cattle
raiser of Roseville, CaL, is at the 'Grand.
"William Rosnosky, an attorney of Bos
ton, is at the Palace.
W. P. Hammond, an Oroville mining
man, is at the Palace.
L. G. Hebbert, a merchant of Beau
mont, Tex., is at the Palace.
A. C. Milner, a prominent business man
of Salt Lake, is a guest at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE GLORIOUS FOURTH.
ONCE more the people of the" United States
are called upon to celebrate the anniversary of
the Declaration of Independence. The man
ner of the celebration will be that which has come
down to us from the days of the fathers of the repub
lic. Throughout the land the people will to-day
respond to the words of the poet: *^:.-
Go, ring the bells and tiro the guns
And fling the starry banners out;
Shout "Freedom" till your lisping ones
Give back their cradle shout.
¦ In an especial sense the day has become the great
holiday of the American boy. It is, his day of freedom
with a full right to wave banners, beat 'drums, sound
trumpets and explode crackers and roman candles to
his heart's content! This element in the celebration
gives it an enthusiam that never grows old. It remains
immortally young with the youth of the land, and will
be as joyously and as nd*isily hailed to-day as when it
was first greeted by the boys of the brave days of old.
While there has been no change in the celebration
of the day by^, the boys' there has been considerable
change in the tone and temper of the oratory which
forms so important a feature in the celebration of
adults. In the early days Fourth of July oratory "was
such an exuberant outburst of perfervid rhetoric that
it became something of a jest even among the most
patriotic. Only now and then did some Webster,
Everett or Prentiss deliver a Fourth of July oration
that men delighted not only to hear but to read. In
our time that early fervor is well nigh gone. The
orators who hold the attention of the American people
to-day will be expected to deal with some of the more
serious problems and issues that confront the nation.
Instead of the glowing rhetoric and flowery phrases of
the former oratory there will be earnest thought, and
it is a safe prediction that from many of the speakers
there will come almost as much of warning as of glori
fication.
The change in the style of oratory corresponds with
a change in the dignity and responsibility of the
people. The republic has now become the foremost
nation of this age, and is unquestionably the mightiest
that ever existed. It holds Within its domain the
largest extent of fertile land that was ever included in
one country, whether republic or empire;- it has in its
population a larger number of energetic, educated, law
abiding men than ever before sustained any govern
ment, and its power for industry, for commerce or for
war is so vast that it could withstand the assaults of all
other nations combined.
In the deep consciousness of this national power
and magnitude, the American people no longer feel a
desire for oratorical exaggeration. We have become
sobered by the responsibilities of greatness. We are
aware that with our increased wealth and strength
there have come increased duties to the world. Our
republic no longer stands alone. Our flag flies over
islands in both the Eastern and the Western Indies.
Our troops have served as allies of those of European
nations in the war in China. We have become a world
power and must adopt a world policy having obliga
tions which we must fulfill as well as rights which we
must maintain.
It is not our foreign relations only that have
changed. Within the republic itself there are growing
up many problems that force themselves upon public
attention and compel the consideration of thoughtful
men. These come naturally to the mind whenever a
review is made of the advancing prosperity and great
ness of the country. Never before in all human history
has there been a nation that rose so quickly and so
peacefully to the highest rank; nor. is there one
whose prospects at home or abroad are so gratifying
to the ardent patriot. But the very brightness of all
that is around us serves but to show more clearly how
much danger there is that we may become intoxicated
by empire or by commercialism, and, for the sake of
wealth or power, barter away our ancient heritage of
peace and freedom. ¦
When full consideration has been given to all the
serious aspects of the situation of the people or of the
nation^ the healthful thinker will find no cause for
doubting the future grandeur of the republic or the
happiness of those who live beneath its flag. The
ideals of liberty and law expressed in the great declar
ation and embodied in the constitution hold the first
place in the minds of American youth as well as in the
minds of their fathers. With each return of this hol
iday the people dedicate themselves anew to the im
mortal principles which have come down to us from
the men of 1776. So it is with.us to-day, and so it will
be with true Americans for all time to come. There
may be times of doubt, times of mistakes and times
of wrongs, but always the common sense and patriot
ism of the majority will suffice to rectify the course of
the nation and make sure that a government of the
people, by the people, for the people shall not perish
from the face of the earth.
The most cheerful optimist of the country is an un
known man whom a Philadelphia' reporter met on one
of the hottest days of the season, and who, when told
of the number of sunstrokes and prostrations in the
city, said: "This is good weather for corn."
THE IMPORTANCE OF PRIMARIES
BY the advisory committee of the* Republican
Primary League there has been adopted a series
of resolutions indorsing the objects and pur
poses of the league and commending "the faithful and
honest work thus far carried on by Its members." The
work has been that of awakening public interest in
the approaching primary elections and uniting and
organizing the various elements of the Republican
party for the campaign that is to come.
Concerning the importance of the immediate issue,
the resolutions declare:
Recognizing that the primary elections are in reality
the fundamental and important basis of every project
making for good government, it Is heartily to be hoped
that all good citizens of every party will do their utmost
toward calling out as large a vote as possible at the
ensuing primary elections, which are now, by force of a
beneficent law governing: primary elections, surrounded
by the same safeguards and securities against frauds
and violence as are regular elections. It is only by the
Epathy cf the gTeat body of good citizens that the ever
vigilant boss cliques may rule and ruin our city govern
ment. As the day fixed by law for the next primary
election, namely, August 13, 1901, has now on the petition
of the Republican Primary League been declared a legal
holiday, there is no Justifying reason for the failure of
any good citizen to do his share, large or small, in secur
ing a representative vote at said primary election.
No intelligent citizen will be inclined to deny any of
the propositions embodied in that statement. Primary
tlections are indeed the fundamental and important
basis of every project making for good government.
From them proceed lhe delegates who are to draw up
the platform of party pledges and nominate its candi
dates. Unless the delegates be animated by an earnest
desire for good government they will readily fall under
control of professional politicians, and boss domina
tion will result.
In times past the extent to which fraud was possible
at the primaries afforded some excuse for good men
in refusing to take part in them, but since the adoption
of the law assuring honest elections at the primaries
that excuse is no longer valid. Under existing condi
tions the bosses can triumph only when the better ele
ments of the party are apathetic If all genuine Repub
licans will register and go to the polls on election day
those pretending schemers who have acted as Repub
licans only for the sake of spoils will be defeated all
along the line!
It is to be borne in mind that the issues before the
people in the contest are not slight. As the resolu
tions of the advisory committee say: "The primary
election being held to select delegates to a convention
which will nominate a Mayor, Board of Supervisors
and all municipal officers is of prime importance to
every citizen who favors a strong, clean and sound
municipal administration."
The Primary League stands for no faction; nor is it
for or against any particular candidate. Its object is
to enlist public interest in the primaries and the elec
tion, and to organize the forces of the Republican
party for the establishment and maintenance of an
honest and efficient city government It is, therefore,
an organization which can rightly claim the support
of every genuine Republican. Its .work with respect"
to the primaries, however, is not for the party only
but for the whole community. All good citizens
should register and get ready "for the primary elec
tions, no matter to which party they belong. Under
the new law there is a chance for all parties to put
their best men in the field, and it is desirable they
ihould do so. Apathy at this juncture is a lack of civic
patriotism. ' '¦"'...-:.':.¦;
We do not hear much of the Buffalo Exposition,
but it appears to be doing well and the midway annex
U thriving.
SEARCHING FOR AN ISSUE.
HAVING wearied their brains in vain in search
ing for a Moses to lead them out of the Egyp
tian darkness in which they are wandering, the
Democratic organs and orators who find it necessary
to do something to keep themselves before the public
are now trying to find a new issue. They repeat to
one another with great unction the sententious wis
dom that the issue finds the man, and accordingly they
conclude that all they have to do is to either discover
an issue' or make one.
The recent declarations of certain Republicans in
Congress and out of it in, favor of tariff revision have
given great hopes to the issue hunters. Many of them
are eager now to start another free trade agitation.
The Washington Post has encouraged the new craze
greatly by saying:
We can conceive of no happier fortune for the some
what demoralized and disheartened Democracy than to
be endowed with the campaign thunder, the political
capital that will be in its hand if Congress adjourns
without having put away the flagrant abuses that are
sheltered behind some of the schedules of the tariff
Of 1897.
That statement has given high hopes to a number of
Southern Democrats who have never liked Bryan nor
free silver nor Populism. • They believe they see in
the tariff a chance to win back the Federal offices for
which they yearn. They have come to the conclusion
that the Republican party can never' revise the tariff.
One of them says: "The strength of the trust in
trenchments behind the Republican guns forbids any
revision at Republican hands, such as will be satis
factory to the people." In \that hope some of the
seekers after new issues are content to rest. They
have begun to cry out for tariff reform, and are wait
ing to see what sort of a man that .issue will bring to
All Democratic papers, however, are. not enamored
of a tariff fight. A good many of them remember what
resulted from tariff tinkering before, and are not will
ing to try the experiment again. Some of that class
A NOTABLE extension and improvement has
been made in the reports issued by the local
weather bureau. . It consists in what is called a
"special daily fruit service" and contains reports from
various fruit centers giving the maximum and mini
mum temperature for the day, the direction of the
wind, the state of the weather and the amount of pre
cipitation, with additional information concerning the
progress of harvesting fruit. Thus a specimen report
of yesterday was: San Jose— Maximum temperature,
7i; minimum, 55; direction of wind, northwest; state
of the weather, clear; precipitation, .00. An accom
panying note was to the effect: "Strong northwest
wind; picking apricots in the foothills; drying will be
gin in ten days."
These reports come from fruit centers generally and
thus give information from many points not included
in the regular weather .reports. Their' value will, of
course, be considerable, as they will enable dealers to
follow accurately the progress of fruit harvesting and
to know under what weather conditions the fruit is be
ing picked. They will also enable the fruit men of any
locality to know the conditions which .prevail else
where.
The extension of the service thus made might be
carried further so as to include reports of the supply
and demand for labor in the orchards of any particular
district. There are many persons looking for work
who might readily obtain it in the orchards and vine
yards if they kne,w exactly where to go. It may be
that there are insuperable objections to making that
addition to the reports that are now being obtained,
but, if so, it will be worth while for the officials of the
bureau to bear it in mind and consider whether they
may not -undertake it later on.
What has been done will be hailed with satisfaction
throughout the State. It is an important extension of
the service rendered to the public by the bureau, and
it is to be hoped it will not only be permanent but will
grow and expand with the years.
SPECIAL "WEATHER - REPORTS.
The deadlock among the powers on the Chinese In
demnity question may yet afford the high court of
nations. a chance to show that it holds the key.
That is a fact -which the Democratic seekers will
have to face. The chances are that when the election
year is at hand the objects of their search will still.be
undiscovered, and they will have to take the old plat
form and either the old leader or some man he may
name.
As for William Jennings Bryan, he will either be
nominated three years' hence by the Democratic Na
tional Convention or he will dictate the name of the
man who will be nominated. He ia young 1 enough to
run at seven different Presidential elections. I really
expect to seo him elected to the Presidency.
Of the accuracy of those statements there can be
no doubt. .Democracy stands for certain positive prin
ciples, and among them are free trade and free silver,
and Bryan intends to hold the party to the platform.
Whether he -can succeed or not may be doubtful, but
the Hon. Champ Clark of Missouri, who has been
.traveling extensively through the country, has recent
ly summed up the result. of his political observations
by saying:
The Democratic ¦ party stands for definite, positive
pripciples, and unless I mistake the sentiments of the
masses the voters will insist upon adhering- to these
principles, in spite of the threats of reorganizes. Those
who argue from the standpoint of expediency will not
have influence with the voters, because no one can say
what is expedient. "We may deserve to win and yet
lose, but it still remains that to deserve to win Is the
surest road to success. • -
While those various efforts to find a new issue and
a new man are going on Bryan watches the game
closely and occasionally reminds the seekers that they
must follow his rules. He- has recently said:
believe in waiting for an issue to come along and offer
itself instead of trying to make one by a forcing
process. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; THJPRSDAYj JULY; 4, 1901.
HOT-WEATHER HATS FOR
PHILADELPHIA HORSES
THURSDAY JULY 4> 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AD CcmmosletUeiu t» W. 8. LEAKE, Manager.
JIAVACER'S OFFICE V- Telephone P^^J^^.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and TUird, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pres» SOS.
i Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cenls Per Week.
". V Single Copies. S Cent*.
Terms l»r M«II. Inclndlng ..Poatasei
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year *«•«>
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday). 6 months *w>
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday), 3 months : • 1-W
DAILY CALL— By Slnfflc Month • 65c
BCSDAT CALL. One Tear 1 - 60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1M
All postmaster)* are authorized to receive
nnbscrlptlons.
i Sample copies -will be forwarded when requested.
Mali subscriber* in ordering change of address should be
particular to fflve both NEW ANT> OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKL.CVD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Manager rortign Advertising. M»r;nett« Building. Chietgs.
<Lonff Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
ICEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:,
C. C. CARLTOX .Herald Square
XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STErHEX B. SMITH SO Tribune Bnlldlne
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel. " -
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; 'Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
WASHIXGTOS <U. C.) OFFICE.. .14O6 G St.. X. W.
MORTON* E. CRAXE, Correspondent. "
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 613 Larkln. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock, lf-96 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2500 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m. (
EQUINES OF THE QUAKER CITZ NOW WEAR BONNETS OF STRAW
TO KEEP THEIR HEADS COOL. AND PREVENT PROSTRATION BT
THE TERRIFIC SUMMER HEAT.
6
Call •vbacriben contemplating a. chant* of
residence during: the summer months can hare
t&elr paper forwarded by mall to tbelr nevr
•ddre«Be« by notifying- Tbe Call Business Office.
This ptpcr frill also bo on sale at ail tuuBti
Moorta and la represented by a local agent ia
•U towaa •» tbe eout
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
I NEXT ! I
! SUNDAY'S ! !
| JU1B7. CALL Jul 9 7. I
I • - — 8
S THE WESTERN GIRL WHO IS SUING THE 1 ! ( §
• DUKE OF MANCHESTER FOR ! \ ©
O BREACH OF PROMISE. ( ( S
A — — — —
• WHICH IS GREATER, MAN'S AFFECTION 3
J - FOR WOMAN OR WOMAN'S AF- •
O . FECTION FOR MAN? S
• " 0
§ OSTEOPATHY IS NOW THE FAD. • •
S HOW SOME THEATRICAL FOLK LIVE. %
Q THE SAN FRANCISCO FRUIT AND FLOWER S
J MISSION AND ITS WORK. ' ) •
§ . WHAT CAN BE DONE WITH CAMERA 1 •
O AND BRUSH. I) e
• FREE WITH SUNDAY'S CALL: { 8
0 SCHUETZEN MARCH AND TWO-STEP. V |
| Composed b^Mr,. & * Mem- j g
© THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL. ( 8
8 • By Kate Greenleaf Locke. ( •
§ . THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. ) S
8 y^ .-— ~~~~^^^^ I
.. ¦ ;.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcarar— "Earho."
Grand Opera-house— "The Only "Way.**
Central— "Davy Crockett."
Tlvoli— "Babes In the Wood."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Under Two Flar»."
Olvmpla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon anfi
evening.
Fischer 1 *— Vaudeville.
Sixteenth and Folsom streets— Scientific Box In*, to-day.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Union Courslns Park— Coursing to-day.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
AUCTION SALES.
By F H. Chase & Co.— Monday, July 8. at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at 17« Market street.Mrs. Anastessia Podesta. 1212 Utah
Ftreet, swore to a complaint In Judge Mo
pan's court yesterday for the arrest of
Mrs. Mary Ferrera, who lives In a house
in the rear, on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. Mrs. Podesta explained
that Mrs. Ferrera accused her yesterday
morning of saying unpleasant things
about her, which she denied. Mrs. Fer
rera picked up a large wine glass and
struck her on the forehead with it, cut
ting a deep gash, which had to be stitched
and dressed by a physician.
"Wounded by Wine Glass.
On the Fourth of July trains will be run
over the Mill Valley and Mount Tamal
pais Scenic Railway to the top of the
mountain with the same frequency as on
Sundays and at the same hours.
To Tarn ni pals, on the Fourth.
California Parlcr Xo. 1. Native Sons of
the Golden "West, will have Fourth of
July exercises at Fairfax Park. This is
the anniversary of the formation of the
parlor and the foundation of_the order.
The pavilion programme Is as follows):
Overture by Cassasa's band. Introductory
remarks by E. Myron Wol! of California
Parlor, reading of the Declaration of
Independence by District Attorney L». F.
Bylngton of Niantic Parlor, who is grand
first vice president of the order: address
by Mrs. Genevieve Watson Baker, grand
president of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West; original poem by Alfred
Dalton of Mount Diablo Parlor; soprano
polo. "Star Spangled Banner." Miss Kath
erine Black; oration by Superior Judge
Frank J. Murasky of Olympus Parlor.
These exercises are to begin after the
arrival at Fairfax of the Native Sons and
Native Daughters who leave here at 9
o'clock on the Sausallto route. Races and
a drawing for gate prizes take place in
the afternoon.
California Parlor's Celebration.
TEA TN TRANSIT MAY
NOT BE REPACKED
Treasury Ruling That "Will "Work
Hardship to Many Importers
in San Francisco.
The Secretary of the Treasury communi
cated yesterday to Customs Collector
Stratton the decision en the appeal of
Folger & Co. from the action of the Col
lector preventing the repacking of tea in
transit. The department upholds the or
der of the Collector.
Until recently It had been the practice
to allow merchants having tea in United
States bonded warehouses in transit for
Mexico and Central America to repack the
same in one pound and half pound pack
ages and replace them in the original pack
ages. Recently a special agent of the
treasury called the attention of the Col
lector to the fact that such repacking,
while not fraudulent, was in violation of
the regulations of the Treasury Depart
ment, and upon that representation the
Collector refused to grant any further
permits to repack teas.
As the prohibition worked much hard
ship to tea importers. Folger & Co. pre
pared a test case and the matter was pre
sented before the Secretary of the Treas
ury, who ruled against the tea importers.
Ayer*s Annual.
N. W. Ayer & Son have Issued their Ameri
can Kewspaper Annual for 1901. containing: a
catalogue of American Newspapers. It em
braces a carefully prepared list of newspap
ers and periodicals published in the United
States, Territories and Dominion of Canada,
with valuable information regarding their cir
culation, lFsue. date of establishment, politi
cal or other distinctive features, names of
editors and publishers and street addresses in
cities of fifty thousand inhabitants and up
ward, together with the population of the
counties and places in which the papers are
published according to the United States cen
sus of 1900; also a list of newspapers and peri
odicals published in Hawaii, Porto Rico, Cuba
and the West Indian Islands, eomnlled from
the latest obtainable information. A descrip
tion of every Place in the United States and
Canada in which a newspaper is published, in
cluding railroad, telegraph, express and bank-
Ing facilities, and 56 colored railroad maps of
the United States and its possessions, Canada
and the West India Islands. Also the vote of
States and counties at the Presidential elec
tion of 1900. A list of the newspapers of the
United States and Canada, arranged by coun
ties, with a description of each State, Terri
tory, province andjeounty, giving the location,
character of surface and soil, chief products
and manufactures, forming a valuable guide
to the Judicious placing of any line of adver
tising. Separate lists of religious and agricul
tural publications. The various class publi
cations and newspapers published in foreign
languages, omitting those vrhich do not insert
advertisements; the press and editorial asso
ciations of the United States and Canada, ¦with
their officers, etc., etc. The ¦work is published
by X. W. Ayer & Son, Times building. Phila
delphia, and •will be sent to any address on
receipt of price, {5.
G. Vallerga, a boss laborer, who lives in
c camp on the Dewey boulevard near In
prleside, swore to a complaint before
Judge Mogan yesterday afternoon for the
nrrest of his partner. Luigi Mariana, alias
Angrelo Tuscano, on a charge of grand
larceny. Vallerga says Mariana broke
open a trunk in the camp last Thursday
and stole 5600 belonging to him.
Vallerga. did not report the matter to
the police till yesterday, as he had been
making an investigation himself. He had
found that Mariana last Thursday after
noon, under the name of Angelo Tuscano,
purchased a through ticket to France at
f. Montgomery street and would sail on
the steamship La Champagne from New
Ycrk. Captain Seymour at once tele
graphed to New York a description of
Mariana with instructions to arrest him
before the steamship sailed.
REAVES FOB FBAWCB WITH
HIS PARTNER'S MONEY
¦Warrant Out for the Arrest of Luigi
KCariana, Alias Angelo
Tuscano.
BRITON'S FEAR
FOR THE NAVY
Sharp Criticism Disturbs
Ministers of the
Empire.
LONDON, July 3.— During the debate to
day In the House of Commons on naval
estimates the Cabinet Ministers were
heckled on all sides regarding the condi
tion of the navy. It was asserted that
the British Mediterranean fleet was inad
equate to meet the French and Russian
squadrons, that it was under-manned and
unequipped, especially with modern guns;
that It lacked colliers and that the coal
depots were all exposed to an enemy's
fire. The members generally predicted
that in case of war the Admiralty would
break down as completely as the War Of
fice did.
P. 0. Arnold -Forster, Secretary to the
Admiralty, in replying -referred to the
great demand on the Admiralty for ser
vices in South Africa and China, and
promised to strengthen the Mediterranean
fleet when new battleships were available
and to add to the fleet cruisers and tor
pedo boat destroyers.
Mrs. Brown's. Lecture.
Mrs. Clara Bell Brown, the antNsuf
trag-e speaker, will positively appear to
morrow night at Shermah-Clay Hall and
deliver the address which she says haa
been the greatest success of her lyceum
life, "Woman's Love, not Woman's Vote."
In the Divorce Court.
Louisa A. Short Tvas granted a divorce
from Bert W. Short yesterday on the
ground of extreme cruelty. May Belle
Trachy has sued Philippe Trachy for a
divorce, alleging failure to provide as
cause of action. <
Decisions as follows have been promul
gated by- the Internal Revenue Commis
sioner:
Deeds and mortgages executed before
July 1, 1901, must be stamped at the rate
provided for in the old law, even though
the instruments are recorded on or after
July 1, 1901. It Is the date of execution,
usually the date of dellvery ( that deter
mines the taxability of an Instrument.
The date of recording is immaterial.
The new act reduces the tax on deeds
to $5 cents per $500 on the amount over
$2500, deeds where the value of the prop
erty or the consideration is not over $2500
being exempt.
A quitclaim, deed given merely to- cor
rect an error in a former deed and con
taining a recital showing the purpose of
its execution and stating that it is given
without valuable consideration is not tax
able. The same rule applies to a quit
claim deed given by a person who has no
title, provided the grantor receives " no
consideration for the deed.
No tax accrues on gift deeds, nor on
deeds from a husband to a third ' party
and from that party to the wife of the
first grantor, when such conveyances are
executed for the purpose of making a gift.
Partition deeds executed by and be
tween Joint tenants or tenants in com
mon, where no valuable . consideration,
passes, are not subject to tax.
No stamp taxes are required on deeds
to or by trustees executed without valu
able consideration.
Where real property is conveyed sub
ject to a mortgage, if the deed Itself con
tains an agreement that the grantee shall
assume the mortgage, thereby becoming
liable for a deficiency Judgment in case
of foreclosure, then the deed must be
stamped for the amount of the mortgage
in addition to the value of the equity of
redemption. If there is no agreement
making the grantee liable for payment of
the mortgage the deed Is to be stamped
at the value of the equity of redemption
alone. ¦ However, where the - mortgagor
conveys to the mortgagee and part or all
of the consideration is the release of the
mortgage, or where the grantor pays
only a portion of the consideration in
money and gives a mortgage for the re
mainder of the purchase price, the deed
must be stamped for the full. value of the
property. ¦ . .> .
A legacy to an adopted child Is "taxable
as to a stranger in blood, unless the
adopted* child happens to be related as
nephew or niece, etc. . ...
Bonds of brewers, cigar and tobacco
manufacturers and distillers delivered
after July 1. 1901. require no stamps.
One somcitlrr.es challenges criticism and
has to ficht abuse. _ 1
Internal Revenue Ruling
of Interest to Busi
ness Men.
NEW DECISIONS
ON WAR TAXES
Although many conflicting statements
were made as to the cause of the flre,
Captain Comstock of the Underwriters'
Fire Patrol is of the opinion that hot
ashes in a wooden barrel were the means
of starting the conflagration.
The rapid work of the Fire Department
prevented what might have been a holo
caust. In the early hours of the morn
ing, when the inmates of the houses were
sleeping soundly, the dread alarm of fire
was sounded. The old shanties burned
like tinder and only the heroic efforts of
Chief Sullivan and the men of the Fire
Department kept the flames within
bounds and permitted of the escape of
the occuDants. ':¦
The residents in the burning houses
were panic stricken and in the excite
ment of escaping many persons were re
ported to have lost their lives.
After the flames were quenched a care
ful investigation was made and the only
accident reported was that in which Mrs.
Antonia Taratini was fatally burned.
The unfortunate woman was unable to
leave her room at 3 Prescott place, being
a sufferer from paralysis. Her son-in
law, M. Garcia, first conveyed his wife
and child to a place of safety and then
returned for his Invalid mother-in-law.
The old lady was lying near the burning
walls of her room and almost every por
tion of her body was deeply burned. She
was hastily conveyed to the street by
Garcia and removed In a patrol wagon
to the Harbor Hospital. Her injuries
were attended to there and later in the
. ner of Vallejo street and Prescott
place, between Montgomery and Sansome
streets. Mrs. Antonia Taratini, an aged
widow, who resided at 3 Prescott place,
was terribly burned. She died last even
ing in the Emergency Hospital.
p=»r|-=q WENTY families were rendered
I homeless yesterday morning by
I the flre that destroyed a number
1L of residences on the southeast cor-
The owners and occupsirits of the destroyed
dwellings were: 313 Vallejo street, two-story
frame buil^in^, owned by Elizabeth Schele:
occupied by Mrs. L. Howard. J. T. Lynch,
Mrs. Katon and M. Downey. 315 Vallejo street,
three-story frame building, owned by Elizabeth
Schele: occupied by J. Wollchan, F. Oonzales
and three single male lodgers. 317 Vallejo
street, three-story frame building:, owned by
F. and P. Demartel; occupied by B. Bozza and
Loana Devlskivl. 3 Prescott place, three-story
frame building, ownefl by F. and P. Demartei:
occupied by M. Garcia. Mrs. A. Taratini and
Mrs. ScofinL 5 Prescott place, three-story
frame building-, owned by Augusta Burr; oc
cupied by Mrs. Zangrllla, M. Williams and
Gulseppe Zbrana.
The buildings damaged were owned and oc
cupied as follows: 319 Vallejo street, three
story frame building, owned by D. McCarthy
estate: occupied by T. Dlnan as a ifrocery and
dwelling: damage considerable. 325 Vallejo
street, three-story frame building, owned by
A. Daremcinl; occupied as a dwelling; damage
slight. Rear of>3 and 5 Prescott place, three
story frame building, owned by D. McCarthy
313, 315. 317 Vallejo street and 3 and 5
Prescott place, totally destroyed: 319. 325 Val
lejo street and reir of 3 and 5 Prescott place,
damaged by fire and water.
The buildings destroyed by the fire, as
well as those damaged, were covered by
insurance,- while the unfortunate dwellers
of the premises lost everything of their
belongings. They were fortunate In es
caping with their lives, so rapid was the
progress of the flames. Three alarms
were sent in for fire apparatus.
The buildings destroyed and damaged
were as follows:
day she was removed to the Emergency
Hospital at the City Hall. The doctors
and Matron Andrews did all they could
to soothe the agonies of the unfortunate
woman, who retainedteonsciousness until
within a few hours of her death.
A sad scene was presented in the wo
men's ward of the hospital, where Mrs.
Taratini lay dying, surrounded by her
married daughters, son-in-law and other
relatives. The groans of the sufferer
were mingled with the loud lamentations
of her family,- rendered penniless and
stricken by the ravages of the fire.
SCENE OF THE EARLY MORNING FIRE ON VAL.LEJO STREET, BETWEEN MONTGOMERY AND SANSOME,
THAT RESULTED IN THE DEATH OF ONE WOMAN AND RENDERED HOMELESS TWENTY FAMILIES,
FIVE TENEMENTS BEING ALMOST TOTALLY DESTROYED BY THE FLAMES.
Mrs. Antonia Taratini, an Aged Paralytic,^ Unable to Flee From
Her Home, Is Horribly Burned Before Rescuers Reach Her
and Dies in the Emergency Hospital After Hours of Suffering
TWENTY POOR FAMILIES NARROWLY
ESCAPE BEING CAUGHT IN A FIRE
THE SAi* FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY; JULY" 4^ 1901.
The loss on the buildings covered by
Insurance is estimated at $6000 and the
loss on contents uninsured Is $3000.
estate; occupied by M. Consuelo and N. Murphy;
damage slight.
7
Threatens His Landlady
. Mrs. Minnie J. Felg, 935 McAllister
street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday for the arrest of
Attorney Burnett G. Haskell on the
charge of threats against' life. Haskell' s
father, with whom he lives, rents a house
from her In the rear of her own, and she
alleges that the attorney has been in the
habit of operating gasoline stoves close to
the wooden walls. She remonstrated with
him, and since then he has on several oc
casions threatened to take her life, and
she is afraid he will do It unless re
strained.
Shot in the Face by a Boy.
Mrs. M. Meyers, who resides at 336 Shot
well street, was shot In the face yesterday
by George Leonard, aged 17 yeara, who re
sides with his parents at - 2122 Howard
street. Leonard, with two other boys,
John Burke and Joseph Reardon, were
amusing themselves in a vacant lot on
Howard street, between Seventeenth
and . Eighteenth, when Leonard dis
charged a pistol. The bullet passed
through a window in the Meyers home
and struck Mrs. Meyers on the lip, knock
ing out a tooth. Leonard was subse
quently arrested ior an assault with a
deadly weapon.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MANCHESTER FIRE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANXHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
Sist day of December. A. D. 1900. and for
th» year »-ndine on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commipsloner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
C10 BTi'i €11 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
TS*>al Estate owned by Company S3.S12 14
C»>.«h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.400.S80 00
fash in Corr.pany'B Office 21,944 54
<-a*h In Banks 135.157 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and I>ianx S,C54 17
Premiums in due Course of Collection 270,302 56
Bill* receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 15S 83
X>ue from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 4.2S3 83
Total Assets $1,841,093 85
LIABILITIES.
Tx«M« adjusted and unpaid $88,244 85
Lo*ne«i In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 71,122 83
I^oyses resisted. Including expenses.. 1B.20J 20
Gross premiums on Fire Ri*k» run-
ninr one year or le*s. tl.0T8.32S 66;
reinsurance SO per cent ESS, 167 83
Gross rremlums on Fire RiFks run-
ning more than one year, t9S$.9S0 51;
reinrurance pro rata 4S6.C80 42
All other llabllltlet 79,5S« 47
Total Liabilities U.289.405 40
INCOME.
N»t cash actually received fcr Fire
premiums tl.387.250 C6
j>«|t«1 for lnterert and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 62.4M 72
Total Income 11,433.746 78
EXPENDITURES. ™ —
ICet amount raid f«r Klre Lorres <!n-
clufilnir $125,685 47, Ioesct of pre-
vloue years) $876,051 17
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 2S3.S02 36
Paid for fialarle*. Fee*, and other
chanres for offWr*. clerks, etc 86.CC2 08
Paid for State, National and Local
texe* €0.701 7S
AM other payments and expenditures. 88,398 09
Total Expenditures ................ fl.295.253 43
Fire.
JjOffff Incurred during the y.ear I&08.754 C9
m«ks and Premiums. I Flre Ricks. Premiums.
JCet amount of RIfksl
written dnrin* thel
year $173,879,502 I J2.015.0O 14
Net amount of Risks 1
expired durlnr the I
year 175.S72.742 I 1.S41.C79 44
Xet amount In forcef I
DeCMr.ber SI. 1900 1 184.146.167 1 2.0S8.316 17
GEO. S. A. TOUNO.
' U. S. Manager.
RubfeHb»!d and rworn to before me. thl« <th
day of February. J901. EDWIN F. CORKT
Commissioner for California In Jfew Tork. .
pacific coasTdepartment,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Hgr. .
BALFCUB. GUTHRIE &C0 Directors.
I Furnished by Pattosieh's x
Z NOW OPEN for inspection, |
I "THE LAMBOURNE" |
Z 420 Edd? Street, near Leaven worth. 5
+ >
+ The Lambourne is the most complete and tast- -f
¦+¦ ily furnished house in the city. It has six most ele- -f
X gant front suits with baths; also 4P single and con- t
£ necting- rooms. Every improvement for comfort and +
+ sanitary requirement has been adopted; rooms are al! t
-?- light, airy and steam-heated; abundant closet room.
4- Parties with references can secure apartments +
+ at less than ruling rates for like accommodations 4-
elsewhere, as our aim is to maintain a high standard +
for the house. X
J Address "The Lambourne," 420 Eddy street. X
L^ + * ~ ~ ~ ~ 4.44 +?++??!
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, Scotland, on the 31st day
of December. A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the. State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks 'and
Bonds owned by Company $1,604,660 00
Cash in Company's Office 903 n
Cash In Banks 123,931 95
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14,454 15
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 164,024 98
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks 493 96
Due from other Companies for He~
lneurance on losses already paid.. 2,T]» 5)
Total Assets $1,910,617 66
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 62,728 M
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 43,540 70
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 11,196 12
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ning one yesr or less. $937,721 08;
reinsurance 60 per cent 468.SS0 54
Grom premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning more than one year. $883,-
S78 37: reinsurance pro rata........ 450.JSU 74
All other Liabilities 68.759 88
Total Liabilities..... $1,101,288 63
INCOME. ' — — —
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,228,408 41
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 62,762 90
Received for profit on sale of se-
curities 7,108 23
Total Income $1,298,279 54
EXPENDITURES. ,
Net amount paid for Flre Losses
(Including: $201,773 23, losses of
previous years $830,488 25
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage "59,400 43
Paid for SalarW, Fee^ and other
charsres for officer*, clerks, etc.... 90 008 27
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 40,320 19
All other payments and expendi-
tures 82,232 15
Total Expenditures H.322,569 31
Fire]
Losses incurred during the year $ 798.862 E2
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. 1 Premiums.
Net amount of Ri»k*l
¦written during thet
year *. I $156,983,263 $1,702,843 1J
Net amount of Risks'
expired during thel
>•"»¦ I 132,761,443 1.538,166 24
>et amount In forcel
December 31. 1300 | 181.595.182, 1.821.699 45
CHAS. H. POST. U. S. Manager.
N. A. MeNEIL. Assistant Manager,
subscribed and «worn to before me this 26th
day of January, 190L H. Ti. FRANCTC.
Notary Public
PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMENT,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J CONROY, Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO. ...... Directors.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
EOrTNESS OF SEAXSKIN".
Is Elvaled by Human Hair . Wliers
I>andruff. Is Eradicated.
Sealskin is admired the world over for
Its softness and glossiness; and yet the
human hair is equally as soft and glossy
when healthy; and the radical cause ot all
hair trouble is 'dandruff, which is caused
by a pestiferous parasite that saps the
vitality of the hair at Its root. Newbro's
Herpicide is the only preparation that Is
fatal to the dandruff germ. Without dan-
druff no falling: hair, but a luxuriant
growth of glossy, soft -hair is certain."
Scouring the scalp won't cure dandruff.
Kill the dandruff germ. Thousands of
women owe their -beautiful suits of hair,
to Newbro's Herpicide.
•MTSfTFT.T. A Tf TOTTR,
eorviiOHT iioo ir thc Procter a oamiii eo. cmenuTi : ' '
/ TWO VALUES.
fSSKlHERE are two values to every purchase —
$fra[ what .it costs and what it pays you. Cork
il^ypg; costs 8 cents a pound, but if you are drown-
ty-fftj ing half a mile from shore, its value would
be "not what you pay for cork, but what cork saves
you." When a woman buys soaps she often con-
fuses the two values. She sees only what she pays.
She overlooks what she receives* Now a single
cake of Ivory Soap pays back from ten to twenty
times its cost in the saving it effects. Test it your-
self! Vegetable Oil Soap. Ivory white. It floats 1
i
AMUSEMENTS. ,
AJMTTJSEMENTS.
oLi* H EAT R E *A r
LAST FOUR NIGHTS,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS
SAPHO.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
NEXT WEEK— FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS LADY TEAZLE IN
THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
Special Holiday Matinee To-day,
Fourth cf July.
Parquet, 25c, any seat: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c, any part except reserved.
AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL.
CLAYTON "WHITE AND MARIE STUART.
PROSPER TROUPE. BIMM, BOMM, BRRR.
P. RICHARDS, LA MOTNE BROTHERS.
INA ALLEN. GARDNER and VINCENT.
THE BIOGRAPH, EMILY LYTTON.
CHAS. BOWSER & CO.
QiSANB 1 OPEftA HOUSE
Special Holiday Matinee To-day.
USUAL MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUN-
DAT.
Balance of thla Week
T. DANIEL FRAWLET Presents
"THE ONLY \NAY."
OrlKlnal Version by Freeman 'Wills.
Strongest Company Ever Seen at Popular
Prices. •
10c. 15c. 2Sc. BOc. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— "SECRET SERVICE."
ftft I i I M R R A SAB FRANCISCO'S
vUb>Ul¥aEs9B#& LEADING THEATRE
HOLIDAY MAI INfcE TO-DAY.
THE BIO TTTmTTITITI
SPECTACLE 1 I II I B I I I
CHARLES 8 I 111 1 fl LI U
FROHMAN-S I I 111 I I |"f f|
COLOSSAL I I U I | \ \\
PRODUCTION. ftj I | | J | | II
By Arrangement with w * " *"^ *™* % .
DAVID BELASCO, .-„.
Paul M. Potter's . \m
6-Act Drama on
' Ouida's Famous Novel.
Over 100 People, mOBB
Including: TIT I IN f\
BLANCHE BATES Tjl A PH
as •¦ClOARETTE." Ml II I X
Every, Night P 1 ¦ H I Til
(Except Sunday). I I I I I I I 1
Matinee Saturday. X JLJXXVJ hJ
Continuing Next Week "Under Two Flags."
GHU.TES_andZOO
BIG4TH OF JULY_ CELEBRATION.
•Special Attractions.^
GRAND
FIREWORKS
DISPLAY AT NiGHT.
• Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
BASEBALL.
TWO GAMES FRIDAY,
10:30 and 2:30.
LOS ANGELES vsTsAN FRANCISCO.
RECREATION I* ARK,
Eighth and Harrison itreeta. .
PT^CHPR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
CHARITY MARTIN. SIG. O. S. WANRELL,
Anita Fallon, Graham and Grevllle Co., Al
Hazard, Inghara, Viola Vignette, Murphy and
Hart. . •
- Reserved Seats. 25c, * Ma tinea Sunday.
EXTRA MATTNEE TO-DAY (July 4).
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
Regular Matlhea Saturday and Sunday
Special Engagement of the Great Favorite,
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Superb Production of Frank Mayo's Great Play
Davy Crockett.
Sensational Climaxes— The Attack by Ferocious
"Wolves, Etc., Etc
PBIfPC Evenings 10c. 13c. 25c. 35u. Wo
I niwC? Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
Next Week— James M. Brophy in Gillette's
war play, "HELD BY THE ENEMY."
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at V
"IT HAS CAUGHT ON BIG."
The New Midsummer Extravaganza.
THE BABES
the WOOD.
Book by Ferris Hartman.
Filled with the latest songs and Jok<>9.
Popular Prices .' 25c ar.d 60o
Telephone— Bush 9.
OL YMF 9 ! A WitsM
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW D*
THE CITY.
Engagement Extraordinary-
LESTER KEEVES,
The Eminent Barytone. •• "¦
inwr
/ XVll JLA
In Poses Flastique. ] ! j • ¦ .
ETHEL BAKL0W,
The $40,000 Beauty. ;>
MABSL HUDSON,
The Singing Soubrette. ,
AND OUR CELEBRATE© STOCK COMPANT
Together With
FERNSTER'S HUNGARIAN ORCHESTRA.
MATINEE EVERT STTNT>AT.
AMATEtJR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
SEATS ON SALE.
OPEN-AIR CONTESTS
— -OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB.
AFTERNOON OF JULY 4,
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STREETS.
(Jack) MOFFATT isTGARDNER C6eo-ee)
TWENTY ROUNDS FOR " MIDDLEWEIGHT
CHAMPIONSHIP.
(Al) NHILL is. THHRSTON ("Dutch")
TWENTY ROUNDS FOR COAST CHAMPION-
SHIP.
' Tickets for sale at 914 Market street.
Popular . Prices, $1. $2 and $3.
UNION COURSING PARIL
TO-DAY, July Fourth.
Special Holiday Stake!
HOUNDS OF CLASS TO CONTEJfD.
TRAIN" SERVICE.
¦ Leaves Third and Townsend streets, 10:15 a.
m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m.: Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets five minutes later. Re-
turning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last course.
San Mateo electric cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION, 25 CENTS— LADIES FREE.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 pt xn.
• Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. n.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing. Including Admission. 25c Chlldr;n 20c.
*>PALACE HOTEL*
Visitors to Saa Francisco -who maka
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts &nd conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable bca-
tlon. courteous attaches and unaqu.».)e<j
cuisine. American and European plan*.
.-GRAND HOTEL^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
One BwallcAr doesn't
make the Bummer but It's .
a sign It's time to znako
Rootbeer
Drives away t h o winter pallor
and tints the cheeks with rosy
health. A 26ct. package makes
' 5 jralloniu
Address
CHARLES E. HIRES COMPANY.
Matvern, Pa
" KS Bfl BEGUra M Broi fl K&. \8J
KB G KMIm B fiia B Mrv BE
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST.
24 Post St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Established -Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for SO-pago catalogue (free).
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities: rare opportunities offered in mu-
sic, art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1901. "Write for catalocua
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills Collega
P. P.. Cal. -
HAMUN SCHOOL and VAN NESS "EMINARY
1849 JACK«ON STRFET,
' San Frnncinco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr., also Vassar. Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 1901. '
SARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED FREPAR-A.TORT SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges:
references, President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building. ¦ . . - -
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
. SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
S02 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
Lessons personally or by mail. Acknowledged by
official reporters. ¦ "best teachers, best system.' 1
THF HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Military Drill. Christmas Term Begins
August 14th.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Prlnotpal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments; position* for graduates.
205 Larkln St. Illustrated catalogue.
R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVING INSTITUTE.'
Boarding and day school for girls, 2128 Cali-
fornia et. Accredited to the universities. The
next session will begin Aug. 5. For Illustrated
catalogue address the principal.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO, CAL. ' The next term will begin
August 15, 1901. For catalogue and illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER,
A. B..' Rector and Head Master.
" College Sai Rafael for Young Lodies. -
• Conducted by the Sisters of Kt. Dominic.
Opens August L : 190L Full college course ot
studies.: Modern building; steam heated. Un-
eurpassed for -beauty and healthfulness. Ad-
dress MOTHER SUPERIOR, College San Ra-
fael. San Rafael, CaL
ADVEKTISEMENTS.CHICAGO. July 8.-CATTLE— Receipts, 14,
000, Including SCO Texans. Steady, to slow.
Good to prime steers, $3 23@6 40: poor to me
dium, $4 10@5 15; stockers and feeders, $2 60<j»
4 65; cows and heifers, $2 60@5; canners, $2@
2 50; bulls. .$2 75@4 50; calves, $4@6 25; Texas
steers. $4 25@5 25; bulls. $2 K0@3 50.: -
HOGS-rRecelpts to-day, 30.C00; . to-morrow,
holiday; estimated left ¦•• over. 7000. Weak.
Good to choice . heavy, ¦ $5 90@6 12ife; rough
heavy, $5 75@5 S5; light, $5 70®« 02H; bulk' of
sales, $5 90@6 02^.. •
SHEEP— Receipts, 12.000. Strong to a shade
higher. Good, to choice" wethers, $3 40(34 15;
fair to choice mixed, $303 73 : Western sheep,
$3 35@4 10; yearlings, $3 7oi3'4 25; native lambs,
$3@5; Western lambs. $3 7a<!t5. :
. f - • -.- ST. JOSEPH. : ¦.
BT. JOSEPH, July 3.— CATTLE^-Receipta,'
Chicago Livestock Market.
The sales for the week In Boston amounted to
5,935,000 pounds domestic and 2C0.000 pounds for
eign, making a total of 6,195,000 pounds, against
a total of 3,375,000 pounds for the previous week
and a total of 1.273,500 pound3 for the corre
sponding week last year. ...
The sales since January 1 amount to 110,969,900
pounds, against 68,956,600 pounds for the corre
sponding time last year. ,
The receipts of wool In Boston this week
amounted to 17,774 bales, against 21,015 bales
last week and 9265 bales for the same week last
year. - •
The total receipts since January 1 show an
Increase over the same months last year of
93,973 bales of domestic and a decrease of 23,702
bales foreisn. U ¦ ' ¦
- Shipments of wool for the week ending July
1 were 4,436,620 pounds.
Since January ¦ 1 the shipments amount to
122,339,365 pounds, j
The wool market has been more active and
prices have ruled firm. The business has been
In spots,' however. It is probable that a half
dozen houses have transacted the bulk of the
business done and they have succeeded in
moving some large lines of wools. Including
Territories, Texas and California wools. Some
speculation has been in progress among the
dealers, especially in scoured wools, but they
have not as yet bought a very great amount.
Both the ¦ larger and the smaller mills have
been represented Ih the market. .
BOSTON. "July S.. — The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Boston Wool Market.
NEW TORK, July 8.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Peaches— Hale's Early,
75c®11 box; Imperials. 75c@|l 25. Plums-
Abundance, 65@75c, single crate*; Burbanks, , 75c
@$1 25. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 10@l 50; Slmonl,
60c@1tl. Eleven cars sold to-day.
Porter Bros. Company sales California fruit:
Plums— Abundance, 60@65c; Burbanks, £5@75c;
California Red. $1 45. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 30
@1 40; Simoni, 75@90c. Apricots— Royal, 80c;
Montgamet, 03c. Peaches— Hale's, $1 10®l 20;
St Johns, 70c® $1 23; Crawford, 83c. Pears —
Bartlett SI 70 half boxes; Wilder, Jl 35.
CHICAGO. July 3.— Earl Fruit Company sales
California fruit: Plums — Burbanks, 80c@$l 10
single crates. Prunes — Simoni, 6Oc@Sl 10 single
crates; Tragedy, $1 15@1 55. Peaches— Hale 1 s
Early, 70c@*l per box; St. Johns, $1 15@1 35;
Fosters, 80c@$l 30; Strawberry, clings, 90c.
Eight cars fruit sold to-day..
Porter Bros. Company sales California fruit:
Peaches— Hale's, 65@85c; St. Johns, Jl 10.
Plums— Burbanks, 85c@$l 30; Bed June. $l"30;
Abundance, « 75c@$l; Botan, $1 05. Prunes-
Tragedy, $1 40@l 45; Slmonl, $1 10. Pears—
Bartletts, $2@2 15 half boxes; Wilder, $1 45@1 P0
half boxes. _ . _
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL. \
. Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 6% 5 7%
Closing 5 6Vi 6 7&
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Bept.-Dec.
Opening 20 85 22 00
Closing 20 80 .2190
Flour—
Opening 26 65 27 95
Closing 26 55 27 85
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was steady; creamery, 164@19c;
dairies, W^lCUc. Cheese, steady, 9@10c. Eggs,
steady, lie.
Articles — , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels !. 41.000 30.0CO
Wheat, bushels 153.000 115,000
Corn, bushels 259,000 51,000
Oats bushels 230,000 659,000
Rye, bushels 1.000 1,000/
Barley, bushels 13.000 1.000
Cash quotations -were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 63<ft64V£c; Xo. 2 red,
C5(f?6C»ic; No. 2 corn, 43"4@44%c; No. 2 yellow,
44^0;' No. 2 oats, 28%@29c: No. 3 white, 29H®
29%c; No. 2 rye, 48@49c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 88;
No. 1 Northwestern. $1 88; prime tljnothy seed,
$4 25; mess pork, per bbl. $13 S" 1^®^: lard, per
100 lbs, J8 40@8 43; short ribs. Fides (loose),
$7 75ig7 95; dry salted 6houlders (boxed), 7*4@
7^c; short clear sides (boxed), $S 23@« S3;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade, W 50. •
Tftew we tee tjcnnau nnancuu criiua auuu l*h=
local inoney market. The crop and fall trade
demands are enly six weeks or eo distant, and
It is evident that unless the bank reserves are
Increased no very extensive speculation in
Ftocks can be carried on without Incurring a
uringent money market. As soon at July dis
liurpenientE are made some relief will be afford
*d. smd there is no telling bow far the big
tei&tn of securities may be able and willing
to aid the money market. Large rams are Btlll
known to be locked up in syndicate operations,
mud the release of these amounts would be fa
vorable to ease in July and August. The seo
end consideration, the crisis in Germany, is
entitled to more weight than it receives. Ger
many is tuffering acutely from the consequences
cf overspeculation in industrials during.Xhe last
ivo or three years. Inflation was the order of
the day and reaction followed Inevitably. The
German bank failures show a very unsatisfac
tory condition of affaire, and it is by no means
certain that the end of theee disasters has yet
h>cen 6een- In these dars of close interdepend
ence between nations depression !n one quar
ter is quickly felt in others. Xew Tork cannot
ftcape the Influence of trouble in Berlin; In
Jact, our very strength makes us the first out
*!de point frcm which to seek relief. Tbe ease
of inoney, however, in the European financial
oenterc is somewhat reassuring and fortunately
Kurope has few of our securities to return.
•"As for the recent bank troubles In 2\tnr
Ycrk, they do not show any general unsound-
T:ess, but they do bring to the rarface Epecula
tive excesses of the sort we are epecially ex
jiosf-d to in these times. Imprudence and over
oonfidence are the greatest dangers at present.
General business Is eo satisfactory and. pros
perity eo general that it is hard to resist the
unusual temptations. The speculative spirit Is
thoroughly aroused and needs restraint, and
just such exjieriences as last week's, unpleas
ant as they may be. are ne<led to keep specula
tion within bounds. Fcr the present we advise
s£ain£t indiscriminate buying. The money mar
ket i£ exposed to manipulative rates of interest
until alter the July disbursements. Added to
this, the coming week will be broken by the
holidays, so the outlook is against any buovant
activity." ¦
Weather Report.
C120th Meridian— Pacific TIme.>
SAX FRANCISCO, July 3—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
San Luis Obif-po. 74; Fresno, 86; Los Angeles,
'4: Red Bluff, S4; Sacramento S3; Independence
DO; San Diego. 66.
• San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CS; minimum, 47; mean, 53.
NEW YORK, July 3.— To-day's stock market
¦was little more than nominal. The volume of
business was eo small that had there been a
wide price movement little significance could
have been attached to the fact. The subject
cf mrst vital interest on the exchange was
TvheiLer it wowld be possible to get together
a <;uoru*n of the governors to achieve tie
longed for adjournment of the exchange until
Monday next- When this was accomplished it
•was greeted ¦vrith cheers all through the Wall
street district and there was an immediate
hegira of members of tie board. Only those
who were coi2j>elled to stay to close up con
tracts remained in the board room. The leader
in 6ueh market as there was was United States
SteeL That etock reflected clearly enough the
disappointment of holders over the dividend, or
raiber over ihe wording cf the dividend decla
ration. The omission of the word quarterly in
conmction with the 1 per cent dividend on the
common stock was alleged to throw doubt on
the continuity of the dividend rate thus estal>
liEhed. The argument of the friends of the
stock tbat room was thus left to Increase tbe
rate ejs well as to decrease It did not assure
the speculators and they 6old the stock freely.
The preferred Buffered even more markedly, de
clining Sii tram the top level. \ The common fell
1T» from the best. Both stocks seemed to be
ivitli»ut aggressive support. The effort of be
lated borrowers to secure loans to carry over
the four-day tottrval until Monday caused &
lively fluiry in uuaey. As high a*> 2S per cent
woe paid tor call loans and considerable liijui-
Oatlon v/iLS precipitated. The last hour was in
fact the most active of the day on the closing
up of accounts and a number of leading stocks
were carried down a point or more. The uls
turbain-e ir the money market was evidence of
the delay to the market of the money paid out
In dividends a-"* interebt. In spite of payment
of Government Interest, the Sub-Treasury nas
taken a email sum. from the market on bal
ance Lhis week.
The bond market was dull and Irregular.
Total salee. par valne, $l,7S5,CC0.
United States bonds were ail unchanged on
the list calL
There was a general hope and expectation
among professional operators in stocks last
week that there would be some revival of
speculation this week, which has been total
ly disappointed- It is not' likely that quite
favorable developments would have proved in
adequate to overcome the repressive influence
on Etock ojjerations as on every other form of
human activity, owing to the terrible heat.
Business at the exchange was of such small
proportion that the price changes offer little
1 significance. There has been an undertone of
uneasiness as an outgrowth of the discussion
and criticism of the affairs of the Seventh Na
tional Bank and Marquand & Co., whose fail
ures were of moderate effect on the market last
week. The Burface of affairs, while quiet, has
reflected that a process was going on of the
ovet hauling of collateral in loans and tha
operation of credits lacked the perfect smooth
ness and facility which have characterized the
money market since recuperation was fairly
established after the May panic Certification
of checks for the large amounts employed by
stock exchange houses has-been less ready.
Conjecture regarding the character of collateral
for bank loans in seneral was stimulated by
this condition and also by the closing of two
banks in Buffalo, not in" themselves of import
ance. In the publio discussion which has been
going on the argument has been frankly ad
vanced that some of the methods of the failed
bank which have been most criticized and
which are admittedly in contravention of the
statutes are really essential to the conduct of
business in the Wall street district and are
entirely In common practice among New Tork
City banks. There has been as usual a bear
contingent of professional operators ready to
make use of all available means to force a re
action. They have had on their side the cur
rency reports In London reflecting on the se
curity of New Tork bank loans. The feeling
thus engendered has had the effect of re
pressing rather than depressing speculation.
The hot weather of the week has caused
anxiety regarding the crops, especially the corn
crop, and corn carrying railroads have natural
ly been specially affected. '. The inauguration
of a strike by the Amalgamated Association of
¦ Iron Steel and Tin Workers has given pause
to speculation based on the prosperous and
acti-ve condition of these trades. The real
scope of the subject is little understood.
The success of the semi-annual settlements
in Berlin has afforded relief to the money
markets of the whole world and money has
cheapened bo suddenly In London as to threat
en withdrawals of French capital invested
there, .but this ease of money is considered
transitory and the needs of the early autumn
are already considered both In London and
New Tork. "With a heavy wheat crop to move
large demands~\for money In the interior are
looked for, notwithstanding the present large
supply of interior capital. Part of this capi
tal has in fact been invested in the New Tork
money market while rates were Inactive, and
is subject to withdrawals to meet immediate
needs. Its deoline in Chicago exchange on
New York this week to twenty-five cents dis
count, compared with twenty-five cents pre
mium last week, is significant. The ability of
foreign markets to meet New-York's demand
on them for gold when the grain export move
ment grows is a factor in the money problem
of the future. It la not expected that the
Blow I liquidation in Germany has been com
pleted here and the shortage with -which her
grain crop .threatens continued depressions,
pointing to action of idle money in banking
centers.
Railroad bonds have been as much neglect
ed as stocks and. have moved narrowly.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
Sold. Stock— -'-
11.500- Atchlson ".. 87
2,100 Atchlson prefd .........: 104
IflO Baltimore & Ohio : :1O6'.4
.... Baltimore & Ohio prefd.... Si'
* 203 Canadian Pacific : :.*.
Canada Southern 69H
700 Chesapeake & Ohio 4715
BOO' Chicago & Alton 44?{
'M0. Chicago & Alton prefd '. 78'i
SO Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 197
Chicago. Ind & Louisville > 37
Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 71W
Chicago & Eastern Illinois..'.. ...... .125
. • - .... - >
New York Stock Market.
Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— 0
July 65% 64% 63
September 66% '66% 6SV4 60%
December 6S*i 6SV4 6S 68
Corn, No. 2—
July 44% 45% 44% 44%
September 47 '47 . 46*4, ¦-. tb
December 43% 45% 44% 45
Oats, No. 2 —
July 27Vi 27% 26T» 27%
Beptember 27% 27% 27Vi 27%
Hay 30V4 30'A 30.. 30V4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 14 00 14 00 13 80 13 80
September ....14 15 14 45 14 02^5 14 02%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July... 8 45 8 47% 8 40 8 40
September ......... 8 52% 8 55 8 45 8 45
October 8 50 8 52^4 8 43 8 45
Short Ribs, per 10O lbs— •»
July 7 90 7 90 7 75 7 75
September 8 02V4 8 02% 7 85 7 87&
October 7 92% 7 02% 7 77% 7 77^
EASTERN MARKETS.
San Jose— Price of apricots beinp made; fair
quality. Prunes dropping heavily in certain
places.
.Santa Maria— Barley is threshing at I«.epomo
thirty centals to the acre. Fruit everywhere
Ventura— "Weather favorable for crops and
Palermo— Apricots harvested and about dried.
Crop light.
Holli6ter — Harvesters at work. Grain yield-
Ing well; slightly shriveled.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; box
es. 50c more: tO-lb bass. 10c mor?. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrjls or it3 equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels, 6.30c; boxes, 6.75c per ID.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, JUL.T 3.
Flour, qr sks 22,323 Middlings, sks... 210
Wheat, ctls 11.0J6 Shorts, sks *»
Barley, ctls 1I.4C3 Wool, bales 21b
Oats, ctls 6.C6C Hay. ¦ tons *^2
Corn. East. ctls. 600 Quicksijver, flska 22
Tallow, ctls 321 Leather, rolls...- »
Potatoes, ska 3.450 Wine, gals 46.900
Onions, sks «" Pelts. Mis 31»
Bran. «ks 1.C78 Hides. No *•»
ATTSTRAUA.
Flazseed. sks Ol
.Jj , . — . »
! STOCK MARKET. '
\ _ *
All the local exchanges have adjourned over
the Fourth, as previously mentioned.
Sales of stocks and bonds on the Bond Ex
chnnsja thus far this year are as follows, com
pared with the same time last year: Of. stoc.cs.
223,762 shares, against 242,233; of bonds, $3,619,
760. against J2.499.850. " ,
The Paauhau Sugar Company has declared a
dividend of 30c per share, payable on the lotn.
The California-street Cable Company will
pay a dividend of SOc per shars on the 10th.
Ihe Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 3oc per share on the 5th.
The Marin County Water Company will pay a
rtiviacnd of 75c per share for the quarter this
Ttr Nevada National Bank has declared a
dividend of Z\~ per cent for the six months
en<lins June Sfr. payable on the 15th.
SPECIAL. FRUIT SERVICE.
Fine ranch 'Eggs -are fairly- steady, '¦ but the
medium and - lower grades still - drag. Stocks
of all kinds are ample and the demand is slow.
Receipts were 34,100 pounds ' and 61 tuba of
Extra creameries, are quoted rather firm than
otherwise; but much of this firmness la due to
the packing and storing. ¦ Large quantities are
still coming in soft and Inferior,. owing to-the
recent warm weather. Cheese Is steady and
unchanged.--"' " ' ;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
ers. $6@7 50; -old Roosters, $3@4 ; Fryers. J4@
4 50; Broilers. ?3@4 for large and $2@2 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 S0@l 73 per dozen for old and
$1 5001 75 for Squabs. -, . ¦
GAME— Hare. $1 50; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail, and $125 for. Brush.. . ", ." >.".-»
POULTRY— LMve Turkeys, 8@10c for Gobblers
and 8@10c for Hens; Geese, .per pair,' $1@1 25:
Goslings. $101 25; Ducks. $2 50@3 50 for old and
$3 50<@>4 for young; Hens. $3@4 50: young Roost-
Dealers report a rather better feeling in Poul
try, though prices show no Improvement worthy
of note. ' There is less stock on the market,
however.' '
Poultry and Game:
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb/ 25@£0c per box;
Asparagus, $1 75® 2 25 for large, $1 25@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c(if$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
66c@Jl 25 per sack; String Beans," 2@5c; Cab
bage, 40@60c per»ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles. 75c<3:$l, from Winters, 60090c; Rivers,
in large boxes, , SI 50@2 50; Dried Peppers, 12®
18c; Dry Okra. 15@20c per lb; Green Okra. 25c;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Marysville ' Cucum
bers, 50@65c per box; Winters, ; Bay, Jl 25
fill 50; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 8@20c per
lb; Egg Plant. 6@12^c per lb; Green Corn. 25c@
$1 per sack; Bay do,,$l@l 50 per crate; Summer
Squash, large boxes, 25@50c. -_*;.¦
Lower prices are quoted for Tomatoes. Ar
rivals of Green Peppers are Increasing, and
they will soon sell .by the box. Tomatoes and
Corn are showing the effects of heat, the former
especially, the Marysville product being, se
riously cut down. ¦
• POTATOES— Burbanks. $1 25#1 75 for Oregon;
New Potatoes. 60c@?l 40 for Burbanks. Jl 15<S>
1 25 for Garnet Chiles ' and 80c@$l 15 for Early
Rose. . . /
ONIONS— New Red. 30@40o per sack; New
Yellow, 80@90c per ctl.
There Is no particular change In Pota'toes
and Onions, the feeling 'being steady.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, |2 «@2 60; Small White, $4 75
@4 90; Large White, *3 7C@3 90; Pink, ?1 40@
1 70; Red, $3@3 25; Blackcye, $3 10@3 25; Limas,
$6 40; Peas, nominal; 'Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard nominal; Flax. $2 E0@3; Canary, Z 1^®
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, -2®
2V£c: Hemp, 3%c; Timothy, • 6%c.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $1 60 per ctl.- .
to repor.t
There !¦ nothing- new
Beans and Seeds.
The best grades of Hay are firm, and occa
sional cars of choice wheat sell up to $1059.
Dealers say that choice wheat, and wheat and
oat bid fair to be scarce this year, but that
there will be plenty of red oat. The tendency
in prices is rather upward than downward,
something unusual when the new crop is com-
Feedstuffs are steady to firm at the old quo
tations / ' "
BKAN-$17 50@18 BO per ton.
MIDDLINGS-S19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 50@17 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. *25@26; Job
binK J2G 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal.
$2S@29: Cracked Corn, ?28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50@17 50. ' - ' ¦¦'V"
HAY— New Is quotable as follows: "Wheat,
$8 50@9 50; choice, J10; Wheat and Oat, $8@9 60;
Oat 57 50@9- Barley and Oat, *6 50@8; Alfalfa.
$8<S8; Clover. ?5@6 per ton; Volunteer. ?4@7 50.
BTRAW-25G47HC per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family extras, $3 25©
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
?2 75@3' for bakers' ; ¦Washington bakers", ?2 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal S2 50- Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, *3; ex
tra cream do. $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy.
J3 7a@4; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat $3 50; Farina.. |4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour 13 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85;
in sacks, $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
4
CALj£" BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
2000 ctls, $1 0U£; 26,00a, ?1 01%; 20,000, $101%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— Jl 01%; 20,000,
$1 02: 16. COO, $1 01%. . -'
BARLEY— There was no change yesterday in
any description, and busines was dull.
Feed. 72V-C for choice bright, 70@71*4c for No.
1 and 67>£@eS : *ic for oft grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades 75<5S2Hc; Chevalier,' nominal.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
( Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Yesterday's market was flat and of a.
holtday character. Prices stood as before.
White. $1 35@1 45; Surprise, $1 60@l 53; Red,
U 05<f?l 15; Black, $1 10@l 20 per ctl. ¦
CORN— Prices remain unchanged, with a
aulet market. Offerings are almost exclusively
Eastern. Small round Yellow, $1 50; Eastern
Yellow, $1 27^46 1 30; White, *1 37%; Mixed,
Jl 27%.
•RYE-73@80c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 6a per ctl. ex
warehouse.
This market was a fraction firmer, both on
and oft call. The Produce Exchange has, ad
journed to next Monday.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96Vi@97%c; milling,
9S%c@$l 02% per'ctl.
WHEAT— The foreign markets came through
firm, with higher prices for futures. Broom
hall cabled that the advance at Liverpool was
due to further damage reports from France.
Chicago telegrams to Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.
reported a firm market on better foreign quo
tations, with more disposition to buy, and the
July liquidation over. Foreigners continue to
purchase. Corn continued much more con
spicuous than wheat, and indeed, the wheat
pit was deserted for the former cereal. The
country was a free buyer of corn and St. Louis
also bought largely on damage reports from the
Southwest. Missouri and Kansas reported no
rain in sight, and the corn burning up.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 59Vi
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4% @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, July 8.— "Wheat opened firm on
higher cables, due to further reports of French
crop damage. The market was heavj^and fluc
tuations were confined within a narrow range.
Most of the buying orders came from outsiders
and certain local shorts who were evening up
over the Fourth. Continued favorable accounts
of winter wheat harvest were the chief hin
drances to any pronounced bullishness. Sep
tember opened a shade to higher at 66V4
<g66%c.
• The bulk of the trading was done around 66%
<f?66 ] ,ic and the close was %c higher at 66%@
C6%c.
The corn pit furnished the most Interest to
traders to-day, but the opening was somewhat
easier, due to prevalence of thunderstorms div
ing the past twenty-four hours. The situation
in Missouri and Kansas, however, where rain
was most needed, remains unchanged. Longs
were anxious to secure profits. September
ciosed %c lower at 46%c.
The early tendency in oats was toward a
lower level, mostly In sympathj* with corn. Un
favorable weather held the market firm. Sep
tember closed with a loss of V*c at 27%@27%c.
Provisions were dull with a general downward
tendency. The opening was lower on small re
ceipts of hogs and lower prices for the same.
There was some liquidation by outside longs
and also some selling for short account In a
moderate way. Trade was small and following
the rather sharp break at the opening there
were no violent changes in prices. Local pack
fers bought on the decline. September pork
closed SOc lower, lard 15c lower and ribs 20c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market..
h>cen 6een- In these dars of close interdepend
«>nc* between nations depression !n one quar
ter is quickly felt in others. Xew York cannot
f*eape the Influence of trouble in Berlin; in
Jact, our very strength makes us the first out
*!de point from which to seek relief. Tbe ease
of inoney, however, in the European financial
centers is somewhat reassuring and fortunately
Kurope has few of our securities to return.
mnC the release of these amounts would be fa
vorable to ease in July and August. The seo
end consideration, the crisis in Germany, is
entitled to more ¦weight than it receives. Ger
many is suffering acutely from the consequences
cf overspeculation in industrials during.Xhe last
ivo or three years. Inflation ¦was the order of
the day and reaction followed Inevitably. The
German bank failures show a very unsatisfac
tory condition of affairs, and it is by no means
certain that the end of these disasters has yet
•'The stock market received a check this -week
from unpleasant developments with a local bank
that rlainly emphasizes the desirability of c&u
tion in speculative operations. It is Just cuch
«-esk Fpots as thle which may at any time
bring en disagreeable consequences. At the
moment there are two other factors also not al
together favorable to a bull campaign, in spite
ef the many other satisfactory conditions.
Tbeee are toe German financial crisis and the
local inoney market. The crop and fall trade
demands are enly sir ¦weekj or eo distant, and
It is evident that unless the bank reserves are
Increased no %'ory extensive speculation in
Ftocks can be carried on without Incurring a
ttrlnftent money market- As soon as July dis
ijurFemente are made some relief will be afford
*d. and there is no telling bow far the big
h'jldTS of securities may be able and wining
to aid the money market. I>arge rams are still
known to be locked up in eyndicate operations.
The r^ew Torlc circular of Henry Clears sajs:
Matters in Wall Street.
Mall afiviees frcin New Tork cay: "Trade Is
altogether of a hand to mouth character In
all lines of dried frcits and nuts. Considering
the extremely hot epell consumptive demand
is very fair. Borne of the larger Jobbing
houses who have an extensive hotel and sum
mer resort tra.2e report a particularly eood
buying movement from that Quarter for
prunes, apricots, enrrants and other aried
fruits *>iat find favor with the high da«s trade
in the cummer months. All of this buying,
however, is of email lots for immediate re
quirements. The . aggregate sales, neverthe-
JesE show a very fair volume. The city trade,
on the other hand, chows a considerable falling
off.
"Currants are quiet though a little Jobbing
inquiry was reported for Amallas at about 9c
Kor this grade holders -will atk »Vi<g*9sa Rai-
Fins are verv dulL Prunes are wanted in a
email way. Oregons, 30-40S, are still offering
at 6»4c. but spot supplies are reduced to com
paratively small proportions. Some Jobbers
report rather a. noticeable falling olt in con
sumptive demand for Oregons during the past
few days, thoueh there seems to be no satis
lactorr" explanation for such a tailing ofl-
Nuts are dull, the new crop Chilis which ar
rived early in the week showing a very good
quality. Jordan almonds are firm at un
charged quotations. Pecan piece* are In fair
request from confectioners at 81*40- NajJes
round filberts are offering at S'.ic"
Dried Fruits in New York.
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reptyts cash
on hand June SO as follows;
United States notes f».?j2 JJO
Treasury notes of 18C0 2.159 CO
Nauonal hank notes 1.9j£ °0
n'lTcoTn 1^^ 8 v-™:::::::::::::: ™
FttndSfl «Uv£" aoltam S1.S34.217 00
Subsidiary silver coin Mi? 5?
Minor coin *-li\ *!
Coupons *ri ;i
Miscellaneous . ..— i« - a
Tctal - .— $5S.962,7S8 52
The fchipments of diver during the month
v.-cre as follows:
Standard silver dollars
Fractional silver coin «».«.¦•»
Total - » -5310.205
Government Money Here.
Imports of staple groceries at this port
during the first five months of the year were
as fellows, ccmj>ared with the same time in
lSf*- Of Sugar, exclusive of Hawaiian. 3.S33,
f22 lbs vaJued at J1GO.747. against (including
Hawaiian) 122.040.227 lb E . at S5.1C314S; Coffee,
B8JE&S8 lbs. at HfflTM against 18.042,lSo lbs.
ef $L92SKiO' Rice. 20,950,670 lbs. at $S?9,4. | o,
against 2i.sife.7uO lbs. at $510,110; Tea 604,560
ibs. at $6S,423. acair.et C04.S90 lbs. at $72,290.
Imports of Groceries.
Exports of canned roods from this port by
sea during the first five months of the year
vcre 14? 470 cases against 104.238 cases during
the sume period last year. Great Britain took
the largest amount— S1.4S5 cases, and China,
was second, with 13,636.
Export of Canned Goods.
WEATHKR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. L i
There has been but little change In pressure
during the past twelve hours on the Pacific
The" temperature -has fallen from . 14 to 16 de
grees over Utah and Idaho. Over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains the tem
peratures are below the normal. . Relatively
cool weather prevails. No rain has fallen south
of Portland.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 4. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; light
northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
westerly winds. • [• ,
Nevada— Fair Thursday; light northerly
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
, fresh westerly, winds. j
Produce Exchange adjourned to Monday.
Local stock exchanges not in session.
Silver and exchanged unchanged.
Wheat a fraction higher. Minor grains dull.
Hax seems to be sloivly rising. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds still neglected.
Potatoes and Onions about as before. Tomatoes lozecr.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in liberal supply.
Poultry market sJiqws rather more tone.
Good canning 'Apricots getting rather scarce.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provision market of a holiday character.
Hides strong and active.
Meat market as previously quoted.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WHEAT — Receipts, 96,600 bushels; exports,
83,152 bushels. • Spot— Firm. No. 2 red, 75c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern . Duluth, 74%rt
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 84c f. o." b.
aflott. • Options — Osened firm on Liverpool
cables and' local- covering. They remained
8 lead y to firm air day, closing steady, %@%c
net advance. July, 72%@73%c, closed 73»4c;
NEW YORK.' July 3.— FLOUR-Recelpts, 21,
218 barrels; exports, 3135 barrels. A trifle stead
ier, but dull.
New York Grain and- Produce:
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 3— To-day's statement
*J the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance, $174.314,&78; gold, $98,781,826.
NEW YORK, July 3. — Close — Money on call,
firm, at 6025 per cent; last loan, 15 per cent;
ruling rate, 10 per cent; prime mercantile
paper,. 4@5% per cent. Sterling exchange,
eafiier. with actual business in , bankers' bills
at 1-4 £7%@4 87% for demand and at $4 85®
$4 SoVi for sixty days; posted rates, $4 &6<Q
$4 £8%; commercial bills, $1 S4%®4 85. Certi
ficates, filver, nominally 60c: bar silver, 58%c;
Mexican dollars, 47c. Government bonds,
steady; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
irregular. , . . " -
New York Monev Market.
Atchlson. 98%: Canadian Pacific, 106%; Union
Pacific/ 92%: Northern Pacific, 97%: Grand
Trunk, 10V4: Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver, quiet,
27%d per ounce. Money, 1%@2 per cent. , -
CLOSING
- There was a general exodus to the Henley
tegatta to-day, which left the Stock Exchange
practically empty. There was no business in
domestic rails and American shares were quite
neglected in view of the approaching long New
York, holiday. Copper stocks were -flat with
other metals. Money on call easy.
NEW YORK. July 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg 107
Do coupon 107
Do 3s reg 108
Do 3s coup 108%
Do new 4s reg... 139
Do new 4s coup. 139
Do old 4s reg.... 112%
Do old 4s coup. .112%
Do 5s reg 10S%
• Do Cs coup 108%
Dis Of Col 3.E5S....125
Atchison gen 4s. ..104%
Do adj 4« 99
Canada Sou 2ds 109
Ch»s & Ohio 4%B..UT!i.
Do 5s 120ii
C & N con 7s 142%
Do S F Deb 5s.. 122%
Chic Term 4s 94%
Colorado Sou 4s 89
D & R G 4s 102
Erie Gen 4s 8S%
F W & D C lsts... 107%
Gen. Elec Bs 2C0
Iowa Cent lsts 116
L & N Uni 4s 101%
M K & T 2ds 86%
Do 4s 9SV4
N Y Cent lsts 104%
N J Cent gen 5s.. 132
Northern Pac 3s... 72%
Do 4s 104Vi,
N Y C & St L 4s.lO6%
N & W con 4s. ...102%
Or Nav lsts 107
Do 4s.. 102%
Or Short L 63 128%
* Do con 5s 118%
Reading Gen 4s.... 96%
R G W lsts 101
St L & I M con 6s. 116%
S L & S F een 6s. 133%
St Paul con 180
Si P C & P lsta.-.12i>
Do os HlVi
Southern Pac 4s... 93
Southern Ry 6s.... 117
Stand R & T 6s... 62
Tex & Pac lsts. ...118%
Do 2ds 103
Union Pac 4s 105
Wabash lsts 10S%
Do 2ds 112%
West Shore 4s. 112
Wis Cent lsts 88
iVa Centuries 91%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 :
Alice 40 (
Breece 1 50 <
Brunswick Con .... IS :
Comstock Tunnel.. 0614 I
Con Cal & Va 2 15 ;
Deadwood Terra.... 55 !
Horn Sliver 1 40 I
Iron Silver 5S !
Leadville Con 05.
Little Chief 13
Ontario 9 00
Ophir 80
Phoenix 09
Potosl 07
Savage 07
Sierra Nevada 20
Small Hopes 45
Standard ..; 3 60
Money— 1 Union Pacific 108 s *
Call loans 3%@5 Union Land 3%'
Time loans 3»4@4V4 West End 95
Stocks— Westngh Eleo 68
Atch Ton & S F-. 87 Bonds — • -
Do prefd 103% Atchlson 4a 103
Amer Sugar 144% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 121 Adventure 24*4
Amer Tele 156Vi Amal Copper 22
Boston & Albany.. 253% Atlantic 37
Boston Elevated ;.183 Calumet & Hecla..794
Boston & Maine 194 Centennial 30
Chi Bur & Q 197 Franklin 17
Dominion Coal ... 39% Humboldt 25
Do prefd 113% Osceola 91
U S Steel 46% Parrot 63%
Do prefd 95% Quincy 173
Kitchburg prefd ...145 Santa Fe Copper... 7
Gen Elec ....265 Tamarack 349
N E Gas & Coke.. 7 Utah Mining 32V4
Old Colony 208 Winona 3%
Old Dominion SI Wolverines 59%
Rubber 21 y
600 Chicago & Grer.t Western .'. 23%
Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. S4 ¦
1C0 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 50
100 Chicago & Northwestern...'. li'9
600 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 154Va
300 Chicago Terminal i; Trans 22%
100 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 45
300 C C C 4 St Louis 87^
. 1,000 Colorado Southern 14%
30o Colorado Southern 1st prefd 52
¦ Colorado Southern 2d prefd 23>4
Delaware Sz Hudson 165 .
..'..... Delaware, Lack & West, ex div...:235
Denver & Rio Grande 50
•• Denver & Kio Grande prefd 96
5,700 Erie ..:.. 42V*
2,300 Erie 1st prefd 71%
200 Erie 2d prefd 56%
• • Great Northern prefd..... 185 ,
Hocking Valley 53
100 Hocking Valley prefd 76
. 2.L00 Illinois Central 153^4
200 Iowa Central 40%
1,400 Iowa Central prefd..... 86
. 200 Lake Erie & Western. ....61
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd. ..;.:. ..118
; 1.S0O Louisville & Nashville ......109%
1 1.3U0 Manhattan Elevated .....123%
. 1,700 Metropolitan Street Railway ......173%
' :. Mexican Central .27%
1 200 Mexican National 10%
: 2,180 Minneapolis & St Louis 109
700 Missouri Pacific 114%
... Missouri, Kansas & Texas 30%
100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 62Vi
' New. Jersey Central 160
: 1.500 New York Central .........157%
Norfolk & Western 61%
' Norfolk & Western prefd 89
;. Northern Pacific , .....120
:. Northern Pacific prefd 96%
' 2.050 Ontario ¦& Western 35%
• 4,700 Pennsylvania 150%.
4,300 Reading .¦ 46
: 5,300 Reading. 1st prefd 7S%
5,100 Reading 2d prefd 66
i. St Louis & San Francisco 47
300 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd..;... 82
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd C8%
St Louis Southwestern 32
St Louis Southwestern prerd 66%
6,700 St Paul : 173V-
Ht Paul prefd 1S6
7,600 Southern Pacific 5S%
4,200 Southern Hallway 1 32%
700 Southern Railway prefd 86%
S00 Texas & Pacific 44
100 Toledo, St Louis & West 21
Toledo, St Louis & West prefd...... 35V 4
9,850 Union Pacific : 10S%
Union Pacific prefd 90%
1.200 ' Wabash 21%
1,400 Wabash prefd 42%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 20%
1 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 32%
1,130 Wisconsin Central ; 24
100 Wisconsin Central prefd 45
....*... P C C & St Louis 71
Express Companies—
! 2,700 Adams 170
1,500 American 190
200 United States 87
1,200 Wells-Fargo 150
Miscellaneous —
. 1.640 Amalgamated Copper 122%
1,100 American Car & Foundry 32Vi
American Car & Foundry prefd t>S%
....... American Linseed Oil 27%
... American- Linseed Oil prefd 61
American Smelting & Refng 67^4
American Smelting & Refng prefd. .103
....... American Tobacco 136%
200 Anaconda Mining Co 47%
•300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S2%
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 112
300 Consolidated Gas 221
750 Continental Tobacco 6SV4
Continental Tobacco prefd.. ..'....'....118%
S73 General Electric 264
Glucose Sugar 60%
200 Hocking Coal 23
200 International Paper 23
International Paper prefd ..' 77*4
400 International Power 94%
".. Laclede Gas 85
400 National Biscuit, ex-div 44%
200 National Lead 22%
300 National Salt 44%
National Salt prefd : 75
615 North American 102
Pacific Coast .' 68
Pacific Mail 41
300 People's Gas 117%
1,300 Pressed Steel Car 44V4
Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%,
.-. Pullman Palace Car 209
1,500 Republics Steel 20%
700 Republic Steel prefd.... 74%
2,300 Sugar 144%
2,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 69%
..' Union Bag & Paper Co 16%
Union Bag & Paper Co prefd.. 72%
1.6S0 United States Leather ". 13^4
United States Leather prefd 7S%
200 United States Rubber 21Vi
Uniled States Rubber prefd 69
United States Steel ; 46%
13.000 United States Steel prefd 9514
C3.400 "Western Union 92%
336,000 Shares sold.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
New York Cotton Market.
NEW "YORK,- July S.— Cotton closed barely
steady with prices net 5 points lower to 3 points
fcie-hpr.
NEW YORK, July 3.— There will be no metal
market In New York until Monday next, the
exchange being' closed Thursday, Friday and
Saturday. Trade in metals' was stupidly dull
all day. with values at the close practically
unchanged from the previous day's figures.
Piglron warrants closed very dull, with $3 50
bid and $10 asked; Lake copper very dull at $17:
tin dull and nominal at J27 80 bid and $28 50
asked; lead unchanged at $4 37%: spelter very
dull, $3 90 bid and $3 95 asked. In London the
feeling was irregular. Spot tin was firmer and
closed at £130 os for spot and £119 6s for,fu
tures. Copper was & trifle lower at £67 for spot
and £67 10s for futures.' Lead closed quiet at
£13 6s 3d. while spelter finished the day inac
tive at £16 10s. ,
English iron was sold oft some, Glasgow
closed 51s and Mlddlesboro at 44s 6d.
New ' York Metal Market
Trade was again very tame in dried fruits
and at the close values remained about as on
the previous nieiit.
EVAPORATED APPLES— State, common to
good, 3%(fi5c: iirime, o^S^c; choice, C@6«4c;
fancy. 6»a@7c. .
California dried fruits also were dull and
featureless. "' • "- • ' ,
PRUNES— 2%@6&c per pound, as to size and
quality. " ¦¦¦¦¦. • " ¦". ''¦
¦ APRICOTS— Royal, 8®12c; Moorpark, VAm^-
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6<S10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL-Qulet. -
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining. 3 9-16c;
ccntrifug-al, 9S- test, 4 7-32c; molasses sugar,
3 5-lGc. Refined , sugar was steady.'
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, "quiet: No. 7 invoice,
37so; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8U@12%c. Futures-
Closed net unchanged. Total sales, 3500 bags,
including: '- August,' $i> 10; May, $3 70.
BUTTER— Receipts, 14,844 packages. Dull
and br.relv steady. Creamery, 13@19%c: fac
tory, 12' / i@13c/ 1
EGGS— Receipts, 12.714 packages. Irregular.
Western candled, 10@llV£c; Western uncandled,
13@14c.
September, 72@72%c, closed 72Uc; October, 72Va
©72 l-16c. closed 72%c;' December. 74 l-16@74?a<-,
closed 74%C . " . • '
HOPS— Quiet. :'¦'.•• ' ' " ¦'
PORTLAND, Or., July 8.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 56&c.
WASHINGTON. \
TACOMA, July 3.— Wheat— Nominal. Blue
stem, 57 1 / £c; club,' 56V4c
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., July 3.— Clearinga, $360,615;
balances, $49,821.
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 5s 6%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s 6%d; No.
1 California, 5s 9',£d. Futures— Steady; Septem
ber, 6s 6Vad; December. 5s 7%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, 4s l%d;
do old, 4s 4d. Futures— Quiet; July, 4s %d; Sep
tember, 4s Id; October, 4s 1%cT. !
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, July 3.— WHEAT— Firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 9%d; wheat in Paris,
quiet: flour in Paris, quiet: French country
markets, firm; weather in England, fair but
cloudy. - .
COTTON— Uplands, 4 23-32d.
LONDON, July 3.— Consols, 93 9-16. Silver,
27%d. French rentes, lOOf 67 1 / 2C. Cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 28s iO'/id: cargoes Walla
Walla, 2Ss 7'/4d; English country markets, part
ly cheaper. .
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. July 3.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 13S.S65 bales.
Competition was more general and better prices
prevailed, especially in fine qualities. There
was an active demand for ' superior, gelong
greasy merinos, which sold at Is to Ameri
can buyers. The latter also bought crossbieds
at a sl'.ght advance. A fair selection of Tas
manian met with a good demand at firm prices.
All scoureds were In good request, the finer
qualities being in sellers' ¦ favor.
London Wool Sales.
S31. Strong to 10c higher on. best, others -steady
to lower. : Natives. $4 4036 10: cows and heifers,
$1 60@5 25; bulls and stags, %2 7«S5 05; stockers
and feeders, $2 65(34 40; veals, $3 50@6.
HOGS— Receipts, 9454. Market 10c lower.
Light and light mixed, V> C5@5 77%; medium
and heavy, $5 70@5 95; pigs, ?1@5; bulk, $5 70©
5 82%. ... : . •
SHEEP— Receipts. 465. Spring lambs 10@13c
higher, others steady.
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 63; Cal
cutta Grain Bags. 7%@Sc; local make. %c less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, Fruit Bags, 6?i@6c for cotton
and S%@8%c for jute.
COAL— "Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld "Wel
lington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $^50; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,' f3;
Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in racks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Canne!. |10
per ton; Coke. $15 p?r ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
S9c; raw. S7c; cases, Be more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. SOc; cases, S5c; China
Nut. 63@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 60c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37&<g42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil, in barrels. 85c; cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
12V^c; Pearl' Oil, in cases, lS%c; Astral, lS^c-
Star, lsyic: . Extra Star, 22Msc; Elaine. 23V»c;
Eocene, 20V£c; deodorized stove gasjllne, "in
bulk, 13c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, In bulk. He
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoliije, In bulk, 20c;
in cases, "26c. . •
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels. : : •
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c: Dry Granulated. 5.75c: Confec
tioners* A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c: Extra C. 5.25c: Golden C. 5.15c-
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 2C0 lbs and under. $%c;
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, '. sows, 20 per cent
off, boars BO per cent off and stags 40 per cent
oft from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
Everything remains as before quoted.
rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7',ic for Steers and 6@8%c per lb
for cows. ¦-
VEAL— Large. 7%@8c: small. 8@3c.-per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7gSc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound. . •
. LAMB— Spring, 8%@9c per pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The private circular of W. B. Surrmer & Co.
says: "The wet-salted Hide market rules firm
and steady. All Hides are in demand and are
selling freely. Dry Hides, Kip and Calf con
tinue in excellent demand at a small advance
in prices. The Horse Hide market is stronger
and only limited quantities are being received.
Deerskins at the present prices are on a good
trading basis and sell freely.".
HIDES ANT) SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about WsC under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers 10y.@llc: medium, 9igl0e; light. S»4@9c;
Cow Hides, 8lfe@9%e for heavy and S@9c for
light; Stags, 6%c; Salted Kip, 9^c; Salted Veal,
9}4@10c: Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, lG%c;
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 17@lSc;
Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings. 13@30c each: short Wool. 30@30o each;
medium, 60@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse
Hides salt, ?2 50@2 73 for large and $2@2 25
for medium; Jl 50@l 75 for small and 50c for
Colts- Horse Hides, dry, $1 73 for large, $1 50 for
medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
gltlns Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, $5c. -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; choice..
5c- No. 2, 3%@4c; grease, 2>£@3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c: do. Lambs", lie per lb;
Northern, free. 12@13c: defective. 9@llc; Mid
dle County, free, 10@llc: do defective, 8@l0c;
Southern, 12 months. 8@9c; Southern, free, 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 -.months. 7@Sc;
Oregon Valley, fine, 14©15c: do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, ll@13c;
do fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada, 10®Ui4c
> HOPS— 15iS20c per lb.
Local dealers quote an active and strong mar
ket for No. 1 Hides, with some changes' In
quotations. Tallow Is also firm.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. per lb for heavy,
12Vic for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%c for
extra light and 15V4c for sugar-cured; eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13%@14c; California Hams.
13c; Mess Beef, *12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50;
Family, ?13 50; prime- Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, ?23; Mess, ?19; Smoked Beef, 13^4® 14c
L VRD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound .and 10i4o for pure: half -barrels, pure,
10%c; 10-lb tins. HVic; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, 0>4c: one tierce, 9',ic; two tierces,
9c; fiv^tlerces. S'-gC per lb.
The market is unchanged and of a holiday
character.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers Association
ha3 established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, Oc'per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. lOVic per lb;
choice, 9Hc; standard, 8-74c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6Vfcc; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, Gfcc; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. SUc. -and
4-crown, 5^0; seeded (Fresno prices). 5'ie; Lon
don Layers 2-crown. $1 30 per box; 3-crown.
SI 60" Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 30; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll@lli£c:
No 2. S<ji:8y>c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@M)i4c: No. 2,
6i.4<S7y.cf Almonds. 13@14c for paper-shell. 10
@lfc for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
riuts, 5@6c for. Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c;
Filberts, 12@12l&c; Pecan3, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
HONEY— Comb, 10©llc for bright and 9@9'/4c
for light amber; water white extracted. 5<35%c;
light amber extracted. 4<g 1 4%c; dark, 3%c.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
PRUNES — 4 sizes. 3c; 40-50s, 6'/4c; 50-60s, 4tfc
60-70s. 35ic; 70-SOs, 3Uc; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-100s. 2«4c
100-120S, l>£c. -
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@3c for new; Evaporat
ed Apples, 5%@6c; sun dried. l'4@2}4c; Peaches.
3%@4c for standard, 4 1 / £«J3'/4c for choice and
6@8'/.c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted.
3@4c; unpitted, %@U4c; Nectarines, 4@4 1 ,ic for
red and 4@3c for white.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Cold storage, old. $1 23O2 30 per box ;
new, 4Cc@$l per large box and 25c per basket.
APRICOTS— 35@&0cvper box. 35@60c per crate
and lfr@30c per basket; in bulk, $10@15 per ton
tor email and $2C®'25 for lurse.
CHERRIES— 85c@n for black and 73@30c for
Royal Anne.
PLUMS— 20@50c per box and 13@30e per bas
ket: Prunes, 25@60c per crate and 2SSK0C per
basket.
.PEACHES— 15@50c per box and 103 SOc per
basket for early common and 40@60c per box
and basket for Crawfords.
NECTARINES— White. 73c@U per box; Red,
EOc. . s
PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 40@j0c per box;
Bartletts. 73c<f?$l 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— ?3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3<??4 50 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4fi6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3S5 per chest.
S RASPBERRIES— $4<g6 per chest.
CURRANTS— $3@3 per chest.
FIGS— Black, 23@40c per box for single and
40® 75c for double layers; White, 2o@50c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, $1@3 per crate.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona, $1 S0@l 73
per crate; Fontainebleau, f rom Vacaville, nom
inal, per box.
GITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges are about
pone; Seedlings, 50c@$l 25; Mediterranean.
Sweets. 30c@$l 25; ' Vaiencias, $1 50@2 50; St.
Michaels, $1@1 75: Lemona. 75c@$l 25 for com
mon and ,$1 5MJ2 50 for good to choice: Grape
Fruit, 50c<S$l 50; Mexican Limes, $S@7; Ba
nanas, $1@2 per bunch for New Orleans and
73c@|2 for Honolulu; Pineapples, ?1 50@2 £0 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market for Apricots seems. t{> be improv
ing, and a scarcity of good canning stock is«
becoming apparent. Large yellow Apricots are
even now scarce, but there is plenty of small
and scaly stock on the market. The canners
do not want white Apricot3, either large or
small. This fruit is coming in sunburned from
a number of districts.
Crawford Peaches are in satisfactory demand,
but common fruit is slow of sale. Like Apri
cots, it shows the effects of heat, and the same
condition applies to Plums.
Crabapples are selling slowly at 25@50c per
crate. - . . -
Limes continue in light supply and firm.
Lemons are quiet and unchanged. Orange quo
tations show some revision. Navels are about
out.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. Se; choice. 7%c;
common, nominal; Young ' Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream, 14@16c per lb. - r
EGGS— - .
California Ranch— Selected white, 15c: mixed
colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13>ic; standard,
12Vic; seconds, .
Eastern-Standard. He per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS
, BUTTER— Creamery, 17V4@lSc per lb for fancy
and 16^@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16%c per lb.
. CHEESE— New, S(g9c; old. nominal; Young
Americas, 9@lCc jier lb.
6 EGGS— Ranch, 13@17c for good to fancy; store,
12}£@Hc aer dozen.
Butter, 967 cases of Eggs. cases Eastern
Eggs. 23,600 pounds of California Cheese.
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, THURSDAY, JTIJIjY 4^ 1901.
8
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
STATIONS, g Silg-^S S o ?S
I ji:3E § V I?
Astoria. 33: IS €2 50 N'W Cloudy .C4
Baker 3004 60 44 N\V Pi.Cldy T.
-arson i 2».82 72 42 W Clear .0
Fresno &-S6 86 SO SW Clear .0
Flagstaff £9-92 82 « SW Clear .0
Pocatello. Idaho... 29. SO 74 56 >.TV' Clear .07
[^dependence ;....2S.62 SO E8 6E Clear .0
Los Angeles 29. 66 74 58 W Clear .0
Phoenix 29.62 306 72 NTV Clear .0
Portland ...30.14 €4 60 ' NW Cloudy .07
Red Bluff 29.92 88 54 N Clear .0
Roseburg 30.12 64 46 NW Pt.Cldy .0
Sacramento 20.32 80 48 X Clear .0
S?.lt Lake 23.92 80 64 NW Clear .0
=an Francisco 29.98 64 46 W Clear .0
?an Luis Oblspo...29.9« 74 46 W Clear .0
5an IJiego 29. S4 «i2 58 N'W Clear .0
=eatt!e 30.10 C* 4S ICE Cloudy .0
Spokane S5.C2 56 46 S Kaln .16
Seah Bay... 48 ..
Walla. Walla:: 30.00 S4 • 60 SV.' Clear .14
iVInneraucca 29.86 72 36 ICW Clear .0
y U ma 29.64 104 72 W Clear Vo
.ture— 7 a. m.,
43 degrees.
Temp.
STATIONS. Max. Min.
San Jose 80 66
Hollister 78 68
Santa Maria 72 52
Ventura 70 54
Palermo S7 47
Direction :
of Wind. Precip.
Light West .00
Light North .00
.... 00
Light West : .00
Light North .00
STATIONS, g Silg-^S S o ?S
I ji:3E § V I?
Astoria. 33: IS €2 50 N'W Cloudy .C4
Baker 3004 60 44 N\V Pi.Cldy T.
-arson i 2».82 72 42 W Clear .0
Fresno &-S6 86 SO SW Clear .0
Flagstaff £9-92 82 « SW Clear .0
Pocatello. Idaho... 29. SO 74 56 >.TV' Clear .07
[^dependence ;....2S.62 SO E8 6E Clear .0
Los Angeles 29. 66 74 58 W Clear .0
Phoenix 29.62 306 72 NTV Clear .0
Portland ...30.14 €4 60 ' NW Cloudy .07
Red Bluff 29.92 88 54 N Clear .0
Roseburg 30.12 64 46 NW Pt.Cldy .0
Sacramento 20.32 80 48 X Clear .0
S?.lt Lake 23.92 80 64 NW Clear .0
=an Francisco 29.98 64 46 W Clear .0
?an Luis Oblspo...29.9« 74 46 W Clear .0
5an IJiego 29. S4 «i2 58 N'W Clear .0
=eatt!e 30.10 C* 4S ICE Cloudy .0
Spokane S5.C2 56 46 S Kaln .16
Seah Bay... 48 ..
Walla. Walla:: 30.00 S4 • 60 SV.' Clear .14
iVInneraucca 29.86 72 36 ICW Clear .0
y U ma 29.64 104 72 W Clear Vo
.ture— 7 a. m.,
43 degrees.
Temp.
STATIONS. Max. Min.
San Jose 80 66
Hollister 78 68
Santa Maria 72 52
Ventura 70 54
Palermo S7 47
Direction :
of Wind. Precip.
Light West .00
Light North .00
.... 00
Light West : .00
Light North .00
AFIfTFflN SA1FS
NOW IS THE ACCEPTED TIME—NO
NEED TO WAIT FOE OTHER SALES.
'$£ AUCTION SALS fev
of
50 head of BROKEN WORK. DRIVING and
DRAFT HORSES, suitable for ANY PUR-
POSE. Being the THIRD consignment from the
ranches of J. \V. CHURCHILL Esq., Yreka.
To be sold en
MONDAY. JULY S, 1301,
At 11 a. m. at !
SALESYARD. 17:J2 MARKET STREET,
Cor. VAN NESS AVE.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
Live Stock Auctioneers. sT?
Successors to Killip & Co.
Horses now at Yard.
OCEAN TxtAVEI«.j
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•, Steamers leave Broadway
%^ r-r \-~ Wharf, San Francisco:
¥*»w._ For Alaskan ports—11 a. m.,
S?yi5^!S. July 5, in. 15, 20, 25, 30, Au?.
E'SS^S^Sb. 4. Chance to company a
. ESTftSErfSa steamers at Seattle.
Cw\»lgU V^"4 Fcr Victoria. Vancouver (C.
m&V-i>T&l c.). Port Towr.send Seatt'.s.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
jy- ¦ and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a- m.. July 5, 10, 13. 20. 25. 30.
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N, Ry.: at Seattle cr Tacoma
for N. P. Ky.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka, and Humboldt Bay—1:30 d. m..
July 1 6. 11. 15, 20, 23, 30, Aug. 4, 9, 13. 18, 23.
28, Sept. 2. _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)—Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Corona. "Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
Fcr Los Angeles, call-Ins; at Santa Crn».
Monterery. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. Kast San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Coos Bay only)—Steamer
Coos Bay, Saturdays. 9 a. m.: Steamer Bo-
nita. TueBdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Eay, San Jo*e del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (ilex.)—10 a. m., 7th each
month. .
Fcr further Information obtain company 3
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without r>r«»vious notice.
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montsomery
street <Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francispi.
Ou /?. & N. CO.
Only Steauxxahlp Xjlxi-o «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to oil
points East. Through tickets to all
- - points, b\\ railor sttnnshin and pall, at
3JCWT3ST H.ATE3.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUD3 BZRTH «ti MS All.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12, 22, August 1. 11. 21. 31
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
...Sails July 7, 17, 27, August 6. 16. 2«
D."W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt..l Montgom'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HSW YORK/ SOUTH 4MPT0N. LONDON. PA3I&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis.. July 17 Philadelphia .August 21
St. Paul August 7 St. Paul .August 2S
St. Louis August 14 St. Louis..September 4
RED' STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From JTew Tork Everv Wednesday, 12 noon.
•Zeeland ....I...July 1-f 3outlvwark July 31
Friesland July i:|*Vaderland ..August 7
Pennland Juiy 21f|Kenslnjrton ..August 14
' »Stop at Cherbourg, eastbmiml.
; INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent^Paciflc Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 o. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hicgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steanun for
India, etc. No cargo received cn^tSoard on
day. of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU...Wednesday. July 17. 19W
SS. AMERICA MARU....Saturday, Aug. 10, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
• Wednesday. September 4. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. "For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First'
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
A^>4*anl4> C C P A """>¦• sauoa, he.i
oceaiiicb.b.€o a bsstiSS
SS. SIERRA for Honolulu only
. •"•••• Saturday, July 6, 2 p. m.
SS. VENTURA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. July 11, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday, Augusts, 10a. m.
J. D.SPHECKELS k 830$. CO., Esnera! Agents. 327 iferfei St
Gan'l PasssRjjsr Ctscs, 643 ttarkst St., Pisr No. 7. Pacific St
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH—CHERBOURG—HAMBURG
Deutschland July 11IF. Bismarck Aug" 1
Columbia July 25|Deutscbiand ...Aug. g
Twin-Screw Pass2ng>r Service
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBURG.
•Phoenicia July l."| Waldersae July 27
Patricia July 20i*Bulgaria Aug. S
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
rJamfaurg-Amerlcar) Lina. 37 £S"way, N- Y,
KERZOG & CO., General Agenta for Paclflo
Coast. 401 California st. :
COHPAGNIS GSN'SRALS TBAJTSATLAIfTIVJE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of &9frfZ*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier -12, tSmu&sl
North River, loot of Morton street; La Ga3-
cogne. July 11: *La Normandie, July IS; La,
Breragne, July 25; La Champagne, August 1.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Secon<i
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 33 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUDAiMERlCAMA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3 12 m.
TTJCAPEL July 6} ACONCAGUA ..July 21
AREQUIPA ....July — IPERU August —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral - and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 31S California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
PANAMA ;.H..:lL*K5r
TO NEW YGRK VIA PANAMA DIRECTS
Cabin. 5105; Steerage. (40.
6. 8. Leelanaw eaiLs .Mon.ljy. July iS
S. S. Argyll sails Mr.n.l-ty, Auj. 12
S; S. Leelanaw sails Mon lay, .Au£. t. ti
From Sea Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market aV
F. r. CONNOR. Pacific Coaat Azenu .
FOR U. S.HAYY YARD AND VALLEJD.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or HONTICELLO
5:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.', except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. • 8:30 p. m.- Leaves
Vallejo' 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p.m. Fare a)
cents. Telephone Main 15C3. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
¦ - _
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBS.The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 212 California street. • -
"The Missouri Pacific -Limited"
Sahlmann Estate to Be Distributed.
OAKLAND. July 3.— The estate of Mrs
Charlotte Sahlmann of Fruitvale, who be
queathed $7000 to relatives here and ir. the
East, has been ordered distributed. The
King's Daughters' : Home for Incurables
will also receive $500 under the terms of
the will. '• - ¦ , • .
Dolly .Tester, dowager of the scapegrace
Marquis of Allesbury, was married, re
cently to a Scotchman named Webster at
Shanghai..- , \ .. ; _ ./ ;
Camp Meeting to Close.
OAKLAND.. July 3.— The Pentecostal
camp-meeting, which has been in progress
at Beulah Park for several weeks, will
close -to-marrow with special exercises,
beginning at'9 o'clock a. m. with a testi
mony meeting. The Rev. A. C. Bane will
preach at 11 o clock. R. S. Marshel will
conduct services at 2:30 o'clock and the
closing session will begin at 7:30 o'clock. .
The State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners decided yesterday that the sea
wall lots, now used as a repair yard by
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
shall be set apart for a railroad freight
terminus. The steamship company has
almost moved all its plant away and the
commission has decided to offer the space
to the highest bidder. It is to be leased
for a term of not less than ten nor more
than twenty-five years. The tracks laid
on the snace are to be connected with
the belt railroad and all the hauling and
switching is to be done by the State em
ployes. In moving the adoption of the
resolution. Commissioner Herold said the
needs of the port required extra facilities
for handling railroad freight and that the
space proposed to be set aside was the
most desirable now available. The other
members of the board agreed with him
and bids will be called for.
The specifications for repiling and re
pairing Union-street wharf were adopted
Captain E. V. RIdeout's request for a
berth for the steamer. Alviso at-Wash
ington-street wharf was referred to the
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
OAKLAND, July 3.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued at the County
Clerk's office to-day: Christian A. Ander
son of Alvarado, aged 34, to marry Bodel
K. Petersen of Mount Eden, aged 25;
Ulysses G. App of Berkeley, aged 28, to
marry Stella Bishop of Berkeley, aged 25;
Clarence Crapo of < Crockett, aged 29, to
marry Lulu L. Bradley of Crockett, aged
28; Albert J. Anderson of Oakland, aged
24, to marry Alma E. Lorson of Oakland
aged 25; Antonio Bisagno of Oakland, aged
32, to marry Anna Cordano of Oakland
aged 24; John Wharton of Oakland, aged
22, . to marry. Jenty Wharton of Oakland
aged 20; Leo E. Darling of Dimond, aged
29, to marry Frances R. Barley of Dimond
aged 29: Charles A.* Tibbits of Stewarts
Point, aged 35, to marry Ollle Roberts of
Guernevllle, aged 32. .
Licensed to Wed.
Crashed Into the Wharf.
The tug Active ran into the Clay-street
bulkhead yesterday and did several hun
dred dollars' worth of damage. .There
was a misunderstanding of signals and
the engines were put "full speed ahead"
Instead of "full "speed astern," and then
the crash came. Two 12x12 stringers
v.er« cut clean through and the planking
for a space of fifteen feet was torn up.
Colonel Tom Burgoyne was standing -with
liis hack to the steamer and when the
wharf began to rise under his feet he
got a scare that made his hair stand on
end. The clock In the chief wharfinger's
office stopped and Assistant Chief Wharf
inger Dryden ran out exclaiming, "The
building is coming down!" For a mo
ment he thought it was an earthquake
and feared for the ferry tower.
Paid a Visit to Arch Rock.
Members of the Technical Society and
their friends paid, a visit to Arch Rock
yesterday. To the number of about fifty
they were taken out on the tug Relief
and shown all the preparations to blow
up the menace to navigation by Contrac
tor Robert Axman. The method of drill
ing, the charges of explosives and the
electric apparatus to^-.set off the charge
were all explained, and the visitors were
more than satisfied. : The rock will be
blown up the latter part of this month
and the operation will be watched with
interest by all who went out on the Relief
ALAMEDA. July 3.— The. proposition to
raise money for school improvements by
issuing bonds was the principal matter
for discussion before the Board of Edu
cation last night. It was decided that at
least $100,000 will be needed to carry out
the plans of the School Directors, and the
City Trustees will be asked to submit a
proposition for raising that amount to the
voters of the city.
For this amount the Board of Educa
tion expects to build a brick high school
building for $53,000, buy a site for It for
$10,000, add four rooms to the Wilson
School building for $8400. add eight roorn3
to the Mastick School building for $16 800
purchase a lot adjoining the Wilson
School building and pay $7800 for equip
ments.
It Is for the City Trustees to decide
finally whether they will submit the mat
ter to the people and it will be put into
their hands by the Board of Education
at their next meeting.
SCHOOL DIRECTORS WAUT
8100,000 FOR. SCHOOLS
Bond Proposition Will Be Submitted
to People if City" Trustees
Are Willing. .
The Judge said all he desired was that
the witnesses testify in open court, and he
would instruct them all to be present to
morrow-morning. He asked Detective Mc-
Mahon to swear to a complaint on infor
mation and belief, but Captain Seymour
objected, as the firm had refused to pros
ecute. The captain, however, said that he
would nee that Collins was in court to
morrow. ~
ney. said the court had lost its jurisdic
tion when the case was dismissed Tues
day, and Collins could not again be
brought into court unless a new complaint
was sworn to.
Attorney Ach. who was engaged by
Charles S. Bier of Rinaldo Bros., from
whose warehouse Collins was accused of
stealing the cigars, said that Bier had no
right to swear to the complaint originally,
and he would not allow/him to swear to a
new one, as he would leave himself open
to prosecution for false arrest. There was.
in his opinion, absolutely no case against
Collins. The cigars were not marked and
could not be identified, and there was
nothing to show that those purchased by
E. Blrdsej', the saloon-keeper, were not
sold by the firm in the regular course of
business.
JUDGE MOGAN'S ORDER
IGNORED BY COLLINS
Pails to Appear in Court and Judge
Insists on Heopening
Case.
The case of Matthew Collins, special po
liceman, charged with burglary, was
again called in Judge Mogan's court yes
terday morning, t>ut Collins, although in-
Ftructed by the Judge to be In court, was
not present. Ex-Judge Ferral, his attor-
The reward is $5000 dead or alive, and It
is said the robbers cannot possibly escape,
such quick work was done in getting the
best gun men in, the country on their
trail.
A late report says the amount secured
from the through safe was $50,000. The
express company has offered a reward of
$5000 for the arrest and conviction of the
robbers. .
On the arrival of No. 3 at Wagner,
Sheriff Griffith organized a posse of *en
men and started on the trail of the rob
bers. After the robbers blew up the ex
press car they gave the express messen
ger a revolver and started south for the
Little Rockies.
bound for Seattle, leaned out of a window
and -was shot in the right arm, but not
seriously injured.
Conductor Smith notified all passengers
as fast as he could go through the train
to keep out of sight, which they did by
getting down in. the middle of the cars.
Dynamite was then applied to the ex
press car.
A sheepherder riding about a quarter of
a mile from where the express car was
blown up was fired upon by the robbers.
The bullet struck his saddle, but did not
Inflict any serious wound nor hinder his
horse from making a wild dash for lib
erty. The sheepherder reported the rob
bery at Wagner about 3:35 p. m., and a
posse of men from Malta, Mont., twelve
miles # from the scene of -the robbery,
and a posse of men from Glasgow, Mont.,
seventy miles east, were started within
fifteen minutes by special train. A special
train was also started from Havre with
doctors to attend the wounded.
Important Corner, Changes Owners
The southwest corner of Ellis and Leav
enworth "streets, having a frontage of 66:6
feet on Ellis street and 56 feet on.Leav
enworth; and running through to' Cohen
place with a^f rontage ; of 20 feet. thereon,
has been sold 'through the agency of the
Burnham & Marsh Company for Mrs. L:
M. L. Heinlken to John Wobecke for.$50,
000. i On i the lot is a three-story frame
building. The same c brokers have pur
chased 20x70 feet on the northwest line of
Stevenson street," 310 feet northeast from
The new officers of Robin Hood Circle,
Companions of the. Forest of America,
were Installed last night by Mrs. Emma
A. Harrington, D. G. C. C, assisted by
the honorary, member of Inter Nos Circle
acting as grand marshal.- After the cere
mony Mrs. L. Puttkamer, the retiring
chief companion, was presented an em
blematic badge and a chatelaine pin
in ¦ recognition of her services.- Then
the retiring past chief, Mrs. "O. C. Miller,
was presented a badge of her rank in
the order and a handsomely framed cer-
The officers of Lorely Circle of the same
order were installed by Grand Sub-Chief
Companion - Mrs. H. -worms, who, after
the proclamation, was presented a basket
of fine flowers by the circle.
Companions Install.
Politicians out of a Job fc are very. much
interested in the outcome of an applica
tion made to the Treasury Department by
Customs Collector Stratton for the ser
vices of an additional Deputy Collector in
the Custom-house at this port to take
charge of the. Bureau of Navigation, now
handled by Deputy Collector Newton S.
Farley. The business of the port has in
creased so rapidly since the beginning of
the war with Spain that there is too much
work even for a deputy and a half, and
an additional : deputy for the Bureau of
Navigation is imperatively demanded.
The salary, of the position Is $3625 per
year. The plum will be large enough,
coupled with the permanency feature of
the civil . service, to attract a large, num
ber of prominent politicians. Among. the
possible candidates mentioned are Wil
liam B. Hamilton. John P. Jackson Jr.,
Senator Jack Tyrrell and Alva Watt.
A Fat Deputyship.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 3.
"Dorothy Studebaker, society -vaudeville
balladist," as Mrs. Scott McKeown is
known on the stage, returned from an
Eastern engagement to-day in response
to a' telegram' urgently requesting her
presence at the bedside of her mother,
who is critically ill at her home, 118
Twelfth street.
The story of the McKeowns running
through with the bride's $100,000 dowry
in Los Angeles before the end of their
honeymoon is still fresh in the public
mind, as is the young wife's debut at the
Orpheum last February, when want
stared them in the face.
In the brief Interval since that time
Dorothy Studebaker has become a recog
nized star in the vaudeville firmament and
has a number of lucrative offers for the
coming season.
. "My husband dosen/t like the idea of
my being on the stage," said the singer
to-day, "but It pays— and we had to have
the money. I went alone; he said he
didn't want to be 'excess baggage.' I've
met lots of charming people and some not
bo nice; it's just like life elsewhere. The
audiences have been awfully good to me
and I've had nice press notices. I dread
to look at them, however, because people
tell the papers such ridiculous stones
about me.
"My work is very simple. I just go on
and sing two or three ballads and then
I'm at liberty.' It isn't hard. ;
"I used to be stage-struck,' but I'm not
any more. But I doubt whether I'll ever
leave the stage as long as I have my way.
I shall probably go. on in burlesque in •
New York next season."
Mrs. McKeown will return to the East
as soon as her mother's health permits. '
Mrs. Scott McKeown Is
Back From Her East
• era Tour.
SOCIETY SINGER
A STAGE STAR
Presbyterian Church
/J will lay the corner-stone of Ite
(1 . new house of worship, on the
northwest corner of Jackson and
Flllmore streets, this afternoon at
2 o'clock. In the ceremonies, -which ¦will
be. Impressive, 1 the Revs. George C. Eld
ridge, D. D., of St. John's Presbyterian
Church; W. K. Guthrie of the First Pres
byterian Church, and George C. Adams,
D D., of the First Congregational
Church; M. C. Minton, D. D., the moder
ator of the General Assembly of the
United States; Bishop J. W. Hamilton
and Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D. D-, of the
First Presbyterian Church will take prom
inent part.
The addresses will be made by. Bishop
Fourth, from Mrs. -Anna M. Etlgue and
others for $15,000. They have also sold to
William Bader for the estate of Rebecca.
Carson three -flats on Minna street, be
tween Fourth and Fifth, with lot 24:4x30,
for ?6500.
Will Organize the Barbers.
Bakersfield Barbers* Union, Local No.
317, was organized on Tuesday night at
Bakersfield by I. Less, secretary of the lo
cal barbers', organization. The officers
elected are as follows: President, H. C.
Wagner; vice president,' Frank A. Smith;
treasurer, Henry Koch; recording secre
tary, Charles Gagne; trustees, W. W.
Childs. Daniel Rosier and 0. A. Riegle.
Every barber shop in Bakersfleld is em
braced in the union movement, and an
agreement was reached to close all shops
at 7 o'clock.- except on the .evenings pre
ceding holidays and on Saturday nights.
During the coming week. Less will visit
Vallejo, Stockton. Fresno and Los An
geles, with a view to organizing : the
barbers in those cities. . All these organ
izations when formed will" affiliate with
the State Federation of Labor.
Three new British battleships planned
for this year will cost $&250.000 each. .
Revised Law.
OAKLAND. July 3.— The Oakland Tran
sit Company filed its new mortgage with
the County Recorder this afternoon. Tn©
face of the mortgage is $3,000,000, which
represents the bonded indebtedness-au
thorized to cover the entire system,' in
cluding all of the old lines of the Oakland
Transit Company and the San Pablo ave
nue and Telegraph avenue lines, which
have been added. The Transit Company
delayed filing this mortgage, though the
bond Issue was authorized several months
ago. until after the 1st of July, when th©
new revenue law went Into effect. Th©
new revenue law does not require rsvenue
stamps upon mortgages, and by waiting 1
until to-day the company saved $1500 In
revenue stamps— quite a little Item when
this would have had to be raised by car
fares.
This mortgage will cover the balance
upon the purchase price of the San Pablo
and Telegraph avenue lines, which was
$1,500,000, with $100,000 paid down. The
balance, $1,400,000, will be Issued to the
public and sold to make improvements
and reconstruct most of th© old lines of
the comnany.
SAVED A SNTJCr SUM
I2T HEVENTTli} STAM~Pfl
Oakland Transit Company Walts to
File Its Mortgage Under th«
Contests Uncle's "Will.
FACE OF DEATH
AT THE WINDOW
H. J. E. Vaupel filed a contest yetter
day to the will of his late uncle, Herman
E. Hempel. The contestant avers that
the deceased was of unsound mind and
was unduly Influenced to execute the will
in question by his wife. Decedent's es
tate is worth about $20,000.
Stare of Lifeless Eyes
Transfixes a Po
liceman.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, July 3.
_In the dim light of dawn this morning
Policeman Frank Lynch, while on his
beat, saw a woman's form in a sitting
posture at a window of the Newlands
House, northeast corner of Seventh and
Washington streets. A peculiar stare
about the face attracted the patrolman's
attention, and he became possessed of an
uncanny feeling.
Again he gazed at the figure, and again
he was moved to stop and scan still more
closely the form that had caught his pass
ins glance. .
He could not tell what impelled him to
go over to the lodging-house and arouse
the landlord. The policeman, after gain
ing admission went to the room, and fail-
Ing to get a response to his repeated
knocking, forced an entrance. His pre
monition that something was wrong was
verified. He found the occupant of the
chair at the window • dead. Indeed, the
gaze that had been so unexplalnable to
the blue-coated patrolman was the stare
of death. The roomer was Mrs. Francis
Gleason, an aged housekeeper, formerly
employed at the Newlands House. Some
time last evening she had seated herself,
fully clad, in a chair, and while there
death had summoned her so quietly that
her body remained in a natural position.
The Coroner took charge of the case.
It is supposed that heart disease was the
cause of death. Little is known about the
woman. She had of late been manufac
turing a patent metal polish of ber own
invention. Roomers at the place said she
had a husband and a son. but none was
able to give a clew to their whereabouts.
Correction of Assessments.
Only thirteen applications have been
filed by property owners with the- Board
of Equalization in the- last two days for
correction of assessment. They are all for
small amounts except one filed by Alex
W. Wilson, who petitions that the assess
ment on a lot at the southwest corner of
Turk and Taylor streets be reduced from
$40,000 to $20,000, on the ground that the
improvements consist of an old • frame
building remodeled. James R. Gamier
ask* that the assessment on his property
on Pine street, ¦ between Hyde and Leav
enworth, be reduced from $12,940 to $8627.
The Park Congregational Church and the
Bethlehem Congregational Church want
the assessments on' mortgages on their
property, respectively on Hayes and on
Vermont streets, canceled, under the law
exempting church property from taxation.
Thirty-Ninth District Club.
At a meeting of the Central Republican
Club of the Th!rty-nlnth District, held In
Saratoga Hall last evening, the following
officers were elected: President, D. H.
Skillin; vice president, I». Vincent; treas
urer, A. Simon; secretary. H/H. Adams;
assistant secretary, A. R.Gould; sergeant-,
at-arms, P. Goldstone. It was decided to
hold meetings e*very Wednesday evening
during the campaign and to Invite all Re
publicans In the district to join the club.
Battalion Chief to TJse Automobile.
The practicability of the automobile, as
a conveyance in carrying flre department
officers to the scene of a fire will be put to
a test to-day. Battalion Chief J. Wills,
whose headquarters have been established
In the Mission for the Fourth, will use an
automobile instead of a horse and buggy
during the day. He has been practicing
with, a horseless, carriage for several
weeks and Is now an expert chauffeur.
Boys Steal Giant Powder.
Several day3 ago several boys broke Into
a shanty on Second street that was being
used by a contractor to store -giant pow
der in. The la<2s stole about 150 sticks of
powder and hid them in anticipation of a
great time on the Fourth. The police
have been working on the case and are
attempting to locate the stolen powder, as
great damage might be caused through Its
explosion in the city. -
Wanted in San Jose.
Callle Lowe, a girl 20 years of age, was
arrested yesterday on Ninth street by De
tective O"Dea and taken later to San Jose.
She was a domestic in the employ of
Mrs. J. G. McKinley of Campbell, Santa
Clara County, and Js accused of stealing
Jewelry and other articles of the value of
$200. . - . . .- , " . "
"Wounded by Blank Cartridge.
Walter Newman, 15 years of age, resid
ing at 9 Enterprise street, was treated at
the City and County Hospital yesterday
for a painful laceration in the palm of his
left hand. The wound was caused by the
explosion of a blank cartridge- which he
was trying to force -Into a cheap toy
pistol. -
LIBEL FOR. DAMAGED CARGO.— The Ames
Mercantile Company filed a libel yesterday in
the United States District Court against the
Kimball Steamship Company to recover I5S27 12
alleged damages for failure to deliver a cargo
at Nome and for damage to -cargo In transit
on the steamer J. S. Kimball in August, 1000.
* LAX Iff ARRAIGNED.— Julius Lax, clerk In
Schwartz's clothing store, 407 Kearny street,
was arraigned In Judge Conlan's court yester
day on the charge of felony embezzlement. He
Is accused of misappropriating $160 which H.
TV". Johnston, an ex-soldler. gave him for safe
keepmjr. The cast wa» continued till' July S. .
NEW CALVARY PRESBYTE
RIAN CHURCH AS IT WILL
APPEAR FINISHED.
Hamllton and the Rev. Dr.' M. C. Mlntort.
The laying of the corner-stone will be per
formed by the Rev. Dr. Hemphill. Prom
inent clergymen of the various denomina
tions have been invited to be present and
Invitations have been accepted. A very
good attendance Is assured, as the Cal
vary Church congregation is large, and
the structure will be one of the finest on
the Pacific 'Coast.
On the other hand Grunsky has the
following note after his statistical sum
mary:
It is to be understood that the prices allowed
in the above appraisement for outside lands
and. water rights are made liberal, being in
tended to cover whatever allowance would
ordinarily be made for the fact that the busi
ness was an established one. The values put
upon lands in reservoirs now in service should
be considered as including also such expendi
tures as may have been necessary to clear the
site and prepare it for use. For reservoir and
other properties directly connected with the
service in the city, an addition of 25 per cent
is made as a reasonable allowance for value
due to this fact.
From Schussler's note it appears that
he considers the Spring Valley properties
to be worth. Including the assessed value
of the franchise, $45,631,750, or $20,933,950
more than Grunsky allows. *
In the complaint filed by Attorney Kel
logg the valuation Is not definitely made,
but the sum of $35,000,000 Is mentioned in
the following: >
Second— That 'plaintiff Is entitled to have rates
for supplying pure, fresh water to said city
and county and Its inhabitants for the fiscal
year commencing July 1, 1901, and ending June
30, 1902, bo fixed that they will In the ag-gregrate
afford a just and reasonable compensation for
the services rendered and will yield a sufficient ,
annual income to the plaintiff to pay its operat
ing expenses and taxes and to realize, in ad
dition, the rate of 7 per cent per annum upon
its property in actual use in 6O supplying said
city and county and its inhabitants, and that I
such value of said property is a sum largely In
excess of J35.000.000.
Eejections by City.
The large differences in valuations may
call for some explanation on the part of
the differing engineers.-
Grunsky reports that the statements of
the water company may be accepted for
the present as conclusive concerning the
capacity of the works. . He says that the
upper dam of the Pilarcitos reservoir
works, which is by the company enume
rated as among the properties of the
company now In use, having been sub
merged when the main lower dam was
built in 1668-69, should be considered as
having gone out of service. It will be
noticed that there is; a difference between
the two engineers of $400,000 in. estimating
the value of Pilarcitos.
Grunsky also refused to consider part
of the Lochs Creek line, above Aponollo
Creek, near San Andreas reservoir, and
the works above the creek as in service.
He claimed that the repair of the works
would practically mean reconstruction.
Pipe (thirty-Inch) displaced by forty-four
inch pipe at San Andreas; the dam of the
main or lower Crystal Springs reservoir,
the Lochs Creek aqueduct work, the old
works of the Alameda Creek system from
a stone dam about two and a half miles
above Nlles to a junction with the new j
thirty-six-inch pipe on the south side of
Alameda Creek, at Niles; the Searsville |
reservoir site, the Lobos Creek property
and the rights controlled by Spring Valley
on Pescadero Creek, are all either excluded
by Grunsky from valuation for purpose
of rate making or are considered to be re
duced In valuation.
Gransky [Discusses Point.
One of the points discussed at length la
the value of a franchise. Concerning this
Engineer Grunsky argues for the city
that*
It will suffice to say that no franchise has
any value beyond the capitalization of its net
earnings. When earnings can be determined
with fair precision the value of the franchise
is easily estimated. When earnings are un-
Lands and Water Rights.
Rancho Laguna'de la Merced and con-,
tlnguous property 1.327,100
"Water rights, in addition to those in
cluded in land values £10,000
For value, due to the fact that the
business of the water company Is .
established, at about 25 per cent of
items Nos. 7, 11 and part of 10 1,400,000
Pipe and other material on hand and
not included In above 95,000
Total ....."..$24,667,800
Franchises and Bonds.
Wlth~"his estimate Schussler has a foot
note Id which he says: "This total does
not include the assessed value of the
franchise, which is nearly $5,400,000. and
on which the Spring Valley Water Works
paid taxes last year amounting to about
$S7,000." He also says:
It has been considered by some of the muni
cipal authorities of Sari Francisco that the face
value of the stock -and bond issue of the Sprins
Valley Water Works should be taken as the
value of the works; but It must be remembered
that, even when these are at par in the pub
lic market, they represent only the public esti
mate of value, when and after they have been
assailed year after year by Incessant attacks
upon and reductions of the company's revenue
far below the Just income warranted by the
actual values of the properties acquired for
and employed in the public service.
From the careful and conservative estimates
above made of what ths plant in worth in
reality, it can readily be determined what
prices the stocks and bonds would bring In the
market if rates commensurate with the values
were allowed.
The public estimate, based on the present
premises, is neither a safe nor a just guide, nor
is the cost of the properties, which makes no
allowance for enhanced value from any cause.
Could it be assumed that if the actual value
had depreciated, say. 50 per cent below cost,
such members as may now favor cost as
the basis would" then favor it. If not, then
the rule Is radically wrong, for • It will not
work both ways.
That the pretended bill or ordinance, the
water rate order, be declared null and void;
that rates shall be fixed at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum on its property in actual use In
supplying the city and inhabitants with water;
that the Supervisors shall be compelled to fix
the rates for the fiscal year and that they shall
be based on 7 per cent per annum on the value
ol the properties actually supplying' water with
operating expanses and taxes; that a perpetual
injunction shall lie against the enforcement of
the water order now in question and to re
strain the -bringing of any suit to enforce the
ordinance; that the court shall determine the
value of the company's property actually in
use and also what Is a reasonable and just
r.et income, and also what Is a reasonable
amount to allow for operating expenses and
taxes on the property and what is the legal
basis for determining such amount, and what
is a reasonable allowance for the depreciation
of the plant; that the court shall adjudge that
a judgment dated July 20. 1889, Is res adjudi
cata between the city and the company on the
value of the properties, the value being then
fixed at $25,000,000. and that the city and the
Supervisors be estopped from placing any lesser
value thereon.
There was a full public hearing; the deter
mination of. facts was based upon expert testi
mony and an allowance of reasonable interest
upon the real value of property actually in use
and supplying San Francisco with water. I
do not see how any court can go back of the
proceedings of the Supervisors, so safeguarded
have they been. I suppose that the water com
pany nas taken courage from the decision Of
an Oakland Judge in the Contra Costa Water
case, where he taxes the community with a 7
per cent charge on a fictitious valuation. Here
tofore Spring Valley has been satisfied with 5
per cent interest.
So the only real question before the court is
the proper valuation of "the company's prop
erty. As I said before, the valuation that ha«
been adopted by the board has been fortified
by the opinions and Judgment of the best en
gineers on the Pacific Coast. What more can
be said? ,
The Company's Wants! «
'Attorney Kellogg, for the Spring Valley
Water Company, said that there was no
doubt in his mind that tne proceedings of
the Supervisors were irregular and illegal,
and that the court would overturn the
water rate ordinance and direct that a
new water order should be made. - In the
complaint Attorney Kellogg asks:
The board gave a full hearing to Mr. Schuss
ler on the last day of Ifebruary. Schussler
concluded his testimony and stated that he had
concluded. He attempted to get into the com
mittee rooms afterward, but the testimony was
all in and that court was drafting its findings
and preparing its decision. All requirements of
the law were complied with.
On this appraisement we have allowed 5 -per
cent Interest. That is more than the company
pays on its average bonded Indebtednes and
floating debt and is enough for stockholders
representing the real value of the company's
property, so the board allowed 5 per cent in
terest and taxes and operating expenses.
The testimony and report furnished by them
to the Supervisors satisfied the Supervisors con
cerning the real value of the Spring Valley
property, which was fixed at $24,667,800. The
Supervisors deducted from this the value of
properties which are not used in supplying San
Francisco with water and upon which the com
pany is not entitled to receive interest from the
city. One of the items deducted was the build-
Ing in which the City of Paris store is. That
building pays for itself In rents. The abandoned
site of the Market street reservoir was de
ducted, but that produces' no revenue. In the
valuation by the Board of Works was a large
item for "good will." amounting to $1,400,000.
The -appraisement made was liberal and repre
sented a sum considerably In excess of the
amount of money actually invested. • .
Point About Interest.
Mayor Phelan- made the following state
ments in an interview with a reporter for
The Call:
There were no irregularities in the proceed
ings in the Board of Supervisors attending tha
fixing of the water rates. This was the first
time that the Supervisors had means to ascer
tain for themselves the real value of the
Spring Valley Water Works, and they appro
priated money to find out. The Board of
Works and the City Engineer were requested
to make the proper examination and they com
plied. They include perhaps the ablest and
most experienced civil engineer on the Paclne
Coast, Colonel Mendell. Marsden Manson and
Mr. Grunsky.
Mayor Phelan's Views.
In estimating the income the Spring Val
ley Company should receive there is an
open difference of 2 per cent per annum,
irrespective of valuation. The water rate
ordinance was based on a 5 per cent per
annum rate on the valuation adopted by
the Water Rate Committee and by the Su
pervisors. The Spring Valley, according
to Attorney Kellogg, wishes 7 per cent on
its own valuation. This is another of
the radical disagreements.
Perhaps all that is needed to complete
a fair general statement of the diver
gence in view of the opposing parties. to
the litigation is to furnish an interview
with Mayor Phelan, which is appended,
and the summary of wants presented in
the Spring Valley complaint.
certain the determining value of"#. franchise
is much more difficult. When, as in the case of
the Spring Valley Water Works, rates are fixed
by the consumers, the creation or destruction
of the franchise value lies in the hands of the
municipal authorities. The franchise in this
case is moreover not definable in terms of a
specific agreement with this city. Whatever
there may be of value in it is due to the fact
tfiat the business of the company is an estab
lished one. It is, therefore, to be considered
as included in the valuation of lands and water
rights in so far as it appertains to works out
side of the city. That portion of it due to the
fact that the city distributing system is es
tablished and in operation is at least equivalent
to the expense which would now have to be
incurred to connect all services with a new
system of street mains.
HE suit of the Spring Valley Wat-
I er Works against the city and
I county of San Francisco, the
iL Board of Supervisors and the
members of the board individual
ly to overthrow- the water rate ordinance
for the current year Involves such a rad
ical difference between the municipality
and the water corporation that the in
volved facts are possessed of much public
Interest.
On one side the city and county con
tends that the income to which the water '•
company is entitled is $1,689,986. including'
$425,000 for operating expenses and $196,000
for taxes. The corporation, on the other
hand, contends that it is entitled to 7 per
cent interest on $35,000,000, which amounts
to $2,450,000. Thus there is a difference,
excluding operating expenses and taxes,
of at least $700,000 in the two estimates.
The city's estimate is taken from the re
port of the Committee on Water, which
was the basis of the action of the Super
visors. The water company's figures are
contained in the complaint drawn by M.
B. Kellogg; attorney for the company, in
the pending suit. «
The city and county and the water
company will soon begin to discuss tha
fundamental facts before Judge Seawall.
Whatever value ¦ may be attached to the
points raised by the attorney for the wat
er company concerning the legality of the
acts of the Supervisors while the water
rate ordinance was up for passage and
the counter contention by the city, the
public will be most concerned by the tes
timony promised concerning the valuation
of*the Spring Valley properties, which has
been the subject for debate annually for
many years.
The Valuations Differ.
The Board of Public Works instructed
City Engineer Grunsky to appraise the
Spring Valley properties. The City Engi
neer's conclusion was that the total value
is $24,667,800. The Board of Public Works,
in a communication to the Board of Su
pervisors, adopted the conclusions of
Orunsky and held that "this conclusion
indicates that the properties of the Spring
Valley Water Works now in use outside
of the city have value in excess of cost,
namely, franchise and water right val
ues." The Committee on Water Rates of
the Board of Supervir-'-s deducted from
the value fixed by Grunsky the sum of
Jl, 975,078. The deduction was "upon prop
erty not actually in use for the water sup
ply." The items enumerated by the com
mittee to make up this total are: City
property, $1,056,718; Searsville property,
$471,730; Calaveras property. $631,360; value
of franchise. $50,000.
Hermann Schussler, chief engineer of
the Spring Valley Water Works, prepared
several pamphlets while the fixing of the
water rates for the year were under con
sideration by the Supervisors. In one of
these pamphlets Schussler estimated the
value of Spring Valley properties. He
maue the total $40,231,750, the difference
being $15,563,950 as compared with Grun
sky's total.
Bases of Estimates.
There being such wide divergence in the
vk-ws of the engineers, Grunsky and
Schussler. on this fundamental point in
lixing rates, namely, the real value of the
properties for purpose of reference and
general understanding, the Items are here
published together:
SCHUSSLER' S ESTIMATE.
Mater rights 110,350,000
Storage reservoir sites and watersheds 1L,2SS,OOO
Distributing reservoir sites and present
dirtributing reservoirs in San Fran- *
Cisco 2,350,000
Uistributlng pipe system in San Fran
cisco ...:. '4,156,000
Eight puir.pinjr stations In city and
country 1,182,000
Pilarcitos headworks and dam 400,000
Pilarcitos conduit tc Lake Honda.
' reservoir 577.000
Fan Andreas dam and pipe line 1,047,000
. Locks Creek No. 1 and Xo. ! aqueducts 220.000
•"rystal Springs dams and pipe line 3,898,000
Alameda lilpe lin« and additional
rights and works in Alameda Creek 2,979,000
Scaj-svtlle dam. etc 177.000
I.fckp Merced drainage system 177,000
Offloe lot and buildings in San Fran
cisco and other properties 1,203,750
Total value of Spring Valley Water
works J40.2S1.750
GRUNSKY' S ESTIMATE.
Pilarcitos system $ 854,000
Fan Andreas system 1,153,000
Crystal Springs system 2,642.000
Locks Creek aqueduct 368.000
Hearsville system 143.000
Alameda Creek system 2,805,000
City reservoir and pipe system, in
cluding meters but not services 4.S98.OOO
Property on hend. etc S1.200
Lake Merced drainage and dams 232,000
Pumping stations 1,135,000
Pi?al estate, city reservoir sites C54.000
Othfr city real estate 955,000
Land* outside of San FVancisco. ex
• ¦iusivo of Lake Merced lands 4,565,500
a Legal Battle With the City and County to Test the Va
lidity of Water-Rate Ordinance Passed by Board of Supervisors
Facts in the Controversy Which Have Lead Up to the Opening of
, Continued From Page One.
THREE OUTLJLWSJIOLp UP A TRAIN
Manager Kruttschnitt. in speaking
about the new order, said there were a
number of reasons why the saloons should
be done away ¦with. One is that the
Southern Pacific does not have to be in
the liquor business, and another that the
room occupied by the saloons is valuable
space and should be used to afford more
comfort to travelers.-
.William McCormick has owned the bar
privileges on the Oakland boats for many
years. It Is said that he has amassed a.
fortune by selling cocktails and beer to
the weary travelers. He received a no
tice yesterday that his contract would be
canceled. H. P. Flannery, who also holds
contracts, will . have to retire from busi
ness. . :
Manager Kruttschnitt said to-day that
the train news agents would not be in
terfered with at present, because the
Denison News Company, handling that
service,' has a long-term contract with
the company. All saloon contracts, con
tain a "thirty-day". or a "ten-day" notice
to terminate clause. ••• '•
The decision to abolish the saloons
means an estimated loss of revenue to
the company of J30,000 a year. Most of
the bars have paid under their contracts
about $10 a day for the privilege. All of
the ferry-boats on the broad and narrow
gauge routes between Oakland and San
Francisco have bars, including the Oak
land harbor steamers. The river boats
are also thus equipped.
From railroad headquarters in San
Francisco the responsibility for this or
der is placed upon President Charles M.
Hays himself. During a recent trip across
the bay on the Berkeley he discovered
that a bar was conducted on that vessel.
He immediately made inquiry and then
declared that the saloons must go. The
move is in line with Manager Krutt
schnitt's abolition of liquor selling on the
trains of the company. It was explained
to-day that 'the ferry-boats operated by
the company in the Kast are not equipped
with bars, and that President Hays de
cided they could as well be dispensed with
at this end of the system.
The, commuter from dry Berkeley has
cultivated the habit of taking his morn
ing bracer on the ferry-boat and the
thirsty ones from the neighboring burgs
of Oakland and Alameda have contrib
uted largely to swell the profits of the
dispensers of the joyful glass. Indeed, so
important had this business become that
when the Southern Pacific built its new
Berkeley it made special reservation be
low decks for the accommodation of the
commuters who take a drop on the cross
bay journey. Then the other ferry-boats
were remodeled on the same lines. But
the bay tourist will have to find a new
source of supply. The company has not
only flatly and firmly ordered the saloons
out- but it has officially declired that it
will be the policy of- the company In the
future not to permit the selling of liquor
on any ferry-boats controlled , or owned
by the Southern Pacific Company. It Is
said that depot saloons will also be abol
ished. •
This is a drastic move on the part of
the railroad . company, for these saloons
have been conducted on the bay ferry
steamers ever since the system was
opened. For nearly thirty years the trav
eling public that had a thirst to quench
on the trip between Oakland and San
Francisco has had the means at hand.
The proprietors of the bars on the
cross-bay ferry-boats, the Sacramento
River boats, the Carquinez Straits trans
fer boat Solano and the Southern Cali
fornia ferries between Los Angeles and
Catallna Island have been notified that
they must get out of business before Au
gust 1. Some of the floating liquor dis
pensaries will be boarded up by July 10,
as the contracts with the company in a
number of instances _-. only require . ten
days' notice, and the company, through
General Manager Julius Kruttschnitt,
dated the summons July 1.
OAKLAND, July 3.-The Southern Pa
ciflc Company has put. its corporate foot
down' upon the saloon bars that for years
have been permitted to operate upon the
ferry-boats owned by that railway sys
tem. Before August 1 every bar on every
ferry-boat or other steamer controlled by
the Southern Pacific Company in Califor
nia waters will be closed. •„.-¦¦
Souihern 'Pacific Railway
Company Makes a Rad- ;
ical Order.
No Liquors Will Be Sold
on Ferry Boats After
July 31. >
BARS T O CLOSE
ON THE BOATS
GREAT INTERESTS ARE INVOLVED
IN THE SUIT OF SPRING VALLEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 4, 1901;
of Worship That Will Be Oiie of the Finest Structures for
Use of the Presbyterian Denomination Upon the Coast
Impressive Ceremonies Are to Mark Formal Beginning of House
CONGREGATION IS READY TO LAY
CALVARY CHURCH'S CORNERSTONE
This morning The Call reviews the facts that are fundamental in the controversy between the
city and the Spring Valley Water Company over the fixing of water rates by the Supervisors. A
great legal battle is about to take place in the courts and the outcome is of much importance.
9
A person can pass through weather that
may be intensely hot Jn a comfortable
manner if the food be properly selected,
and the above suggestions can be put into
practice with most excellent results.
We phould follow this hint of nature,
end particularly in hot weather should
ovoid much butter, meat or any of that
class of food. Perhaps a little meat once
a day Js not amiss, even In hot weather,
but the breakfast end luncheon should be
made of fruit, one or two slices of entire
•wheat bread and some Grape-Nuts and
cream. Grape-Nuts are mentioned be-
cause they furnish the ideal cereal food
In a most palatable and delicious form,
In addition to which they are ready
cooked and require no attention whatever
from the cook.
Temperature Increased or Seduced
by Food.
The old army ration for the tropicE has
been very sharply criticised for the rea-
son that It consists of articles of food that
any person even s-lightly acquainted with
the elements of food knows is not adapt-
td to the needs of the human system In
hot weather. Nature shows forth in the
folection of food by inhabitants of vari-
ous countries: for instance, the Esqui-
maux in a cold climate selects heavy, car-
bonaceous foods, tallow, bacon and such;
while the Hindoo and Inhabitants of hot
countries turn to the cereals for susten-
ance.
FOOD AND WEATHER.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
After using Fels-Naptha, you
won't wash with any other soap.
Your grocer returns your
money if you. don't like, it.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia. ¦•"
GRAPE-MTTTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THUESDAT, JULY 4, 1901.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner or Market and Third streets; open
«r.t«l 12 o'clock even' nisht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street, open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
613 Larkin street : open until 9 :30 p. m.
1»« Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 i>. m.
IOC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
109S Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
23>a Filtaore street; open until 9 p. m.
StEKTIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA LODGE. No. 1. F. and A. m
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) *V_
EVENING. July 4, at 7:30 o'clock. TCJT
Stated meeting. By order of the Mas- ' '
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY LODGE No. 120. F. and A. M. m
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By order TOT
of the W. 11. ¦ / »
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of South San •
Francisco Lodge No. 212. F. & A. M.— _/V_
You are hereby notified that the etated l£j\
meeting of this lodge will be held on '
the morning of THURSDAY. July 4th, 1901.
at the hour of 9 o'clock. By order of tho
lodge. . E. C HARE, Secretary.
DORIC LODGE, No. 216, F. and A. M. ¦
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _#\_
MORNING at S o'clock sharp. By or- lt3f
der of the Master. • ' *
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
GOLDEX GATE ENCAMPMENT. No. I. A /*
I. O. O. F. Officers and members you jf
are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late iwtriarch, GEO. X X
R. JESSE. THIS FRIDAY. July 5. at 1
o'clock p. m.. In Encampment Hall, I. O. F.
Du:ldinp. Fl L. TURPIN. C. P.
\VM. E. DUBOIS. Acting Scribe.
TERBA BUEXA Lodee No. 15. I. --cyMBfci.
< ». «.". K.— Members are requested 4i2r^3l?5_^
to assemble In the lodge room -JgSPSs?
on FRIDAY AFTERNOON, July '""*^
S. at l o'clock, for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late brother. GEO. R.
JESSE. JOHN A. OHLSON. Noble Grand.
WM. P. HUMPHREYS. Rec. Sec
FOURTH of July. Shell Mound v Cy>«.
Park. Berkeley— Great gatherlnc CV QiJ;
sna jnn« of the San Francisco > *)OC_£*
PeotUsh Thistle Club. Great event. "*=5£?*
T3C00 in cash prizes. Elegant and costly
medals for amateur*. Games open to all
comers. Phenomenal exhibition of strength
by lradlis athletes of the world. Special
events for members of Pacific Athletic Asso-
• ¦i.-.tion. Picturesque Highland dancing. Ex-
oitinc bicycle and foot racing. Amusing
clown, barrel, three-lejrged. oV>structien and
pack races. Great Irish Jig and reel, cake-
walk and buck and wing dancing contests.
Grand open-air concert and fireworks at
nlitht. Dancing both day and night in pa-
viclins. Highland welcome to all. Admis-
sion (day), adults 50c. children 25c; (night).
25c and 10c. Buy your ferry tickets for Shell
Mound. GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE TT. PATERSON. Recorder.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July 15. 1901, at 4 o'clock p. m..
when 'a board of trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412T Parrott bldg.
AGENTS can make J2 to $5 per day. Call at 3
Taylor st.
ASPHALTUII ROOFING.
J. PELTXER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 827 Market St., cpp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma. Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.*; consultation free; no fees in advance,
ROARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
A LADT wishes 2 or 3 children, ages 2 to 6
jts.; healthy place across bay. Box 3456, Call.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
care;sunny yard;nr.Echool;reasonable.l607 Cal.
nOOICS SEW AND OLD.
BOOKsTof every kind bought/ Tei Red 295ff.
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-70S Mission st.
ZIUSINESS CHANCES.
J325— Chicken ranch, 1W0 chickens, good bouse.
riSOO— Liquor store; fine corner, near Market. ,
S35C— Coal and wood yard; good bus: low rent.
S1T50 — Grocery & bar; est. 9 yrs: 4 living rms.
J350 — Bakei-y; 6 living roonjs: cheap rent.
$500 — Grocery, fruit: cor. store; no opposition.
fTc have some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO., S38 Market st.
YOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at office.
O. \V. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market St., near
Fifth. Phone Mint 191L
$1COO— CANDY store and factory; bargain: sick-
ness cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777H Market st.
OFFI C E— Real estate office for Bale. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 759 Market et.
FOR SALE— Cigar store In good location; low
rent; good, proposition for party with small
capital. For further particulars call on
M1CHALITSCHKE BROS. & CO.. 410 Mar-
ket Ft. .
PHVKICIAN. graduate of best Eastern and'
European universities, desires to meet lady or
gentleman with $500 to $1000; great oppor-
tunity; investigate. Call room 44. New Westr
ern Hotel, cor. Washington and Kearny Bts.
INTEREST in leading family paper of West,
showing 23 per cent net profit on investment;
literary man or woman preferred. Box 4343.
Call office.
A BAKERY doing a good business Is clTored
for sale on account of death of proprietor.
Address box 3554, Call offlce.
FOR SALE — Saloon and lodging-house on ac-
count of sickness. 212 East st.
2 YEARS established; ladies' tailoring; good
I Etend: reasonable; account of sickness. 2107
Fillroore st.
MAN wishes engagement to walk on water:
money maker; silent partner wanted. Box
3476. Call -office.
FOR sale— Large route on this paper 850
names: eagy terms. Box 4315. Call office.
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths In
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
FUhEcrlpticu has been established at 109C
Valencia *t.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
45-ROOM house: clears $200 $2000
M-room boarding-house 7500
70 rooms: country hotel and bar 300
' £ rooms, on Mission st 250
> .10-roon» corner flat 250
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
10 rooms, on Eddy st 400
¦32 Ktoms. on Market st 1700
Z3 rooms: corner 18C0
15 rooms, in Oakland 450
18-room tiouee; sure to clear $100 700
88 rooms; all rented; clears $175 2000
2S rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 1900
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears $140 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylor st 400
16 rooms; near Eddy st.: new furniture.. 1350
'KM) other houses, from $50 to $10,000.
H. C. DECKER. 1C20 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~~ "
SaO Market ft. and S Stcokton Et.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
lor all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
45 r. ; rent 31<>0; good, perm., trans.; Al Ioc..$250C
2» r.: rent fl25; oak fur.; 1st fl. offles; Mkt. 2250
24 r. ; rent $110; good loc.; fur., crp. clrs. $150 2500
16 r. : rent S45: Rood fur., carp.; sunny S00
IS r. : rent $S5: good fur., carp; large yard.. 1250
12 r.: rent $53: new fur.; clears $55....* 1350
23 r. : rent only $73: good fur. car. & loc. off. 1600
- W*'b-vne over 500 houses listed. Call -before
buying: money loaned on deferred payments;
1% per cent.
MARION GRIFFIN— Money to loan. 719 Mar-
ket et.; by Call fcldg.; tel. Black 1S03.
20 rooms; 3 years' lease: rent JJ3 $425
100 rooms: averape income $1200 month; my
best money-making proposition 6500
6-rocm flat; rent $18; 2 r. rented for $15.. 200
15 rooms; owner occupies double parlors; V2
cash: bal. install.: income . Jrioo. S50
25 rooms; fi/ie; brand new; AL -
to rooms: elegant: rent $100; clears $200..50C0
FISHER & CO........... ."
955 Market: phone Folsom 1342
75 rooms: price $MOOI42 rooms: price $330(1
tC rooms; price 1900|30 rooms; price.... 2250
22 rooms;, elegant; rent only $60; price loOO
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $C0; price.. 700
We have over 200 more. any c location, kind or
price, at bargain* and hurried sales. -
THE- largest and best list oft. lodglne-houbes
and hotels can be found at offlce of
. G. W. SCHWEINHARD,'
No. 917 Market st (near Fifth st.)'.
Phone Mint 1911. ..
S ROOMS; rent $30; finely furnished, good car-
pets; • 1500. ¦ Howard St., between Third and
Fourth. Bex <S37, Call cface.
I t * OPGnV 9 ' HOPSES FOR SALE. — CoJl '
1 j ATTENTION, BITTERS'.
, You may buy any rooming-hcuse In
j the city, and pay for it
in monthly payments
from the' profits .
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT. CO.. 850 Market. ,
WINSTON & WOLF. . ~~^
> 1026 MARKET ST.
1 20 rooms: asking J500:. make offer; sacrifice.
S3 rooms; corner; part cash..... J1S00
f>G rooms; rent $»D0; a monsy-maker 2100
20 rooms; larse yard; rent $75 1500
500 ether houses frpir 4 to 200 rooms.
{375— LODGING-HOUSE. 10 rooms; furnished.
864% Mission ft. .
SPIRITUALISM. „_!_
; COME and see C. V*. Miller's wonderful seances;
t Sun., Tues., Frl.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them: give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's*re-
cord medal at Paris Fair.. 10S4 Bush; teL
2275 Larkin. ¦ -
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 11C4 O'Farrell.- nr. Gough; Ellls-
st. car; git.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces; deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., "Wed., Frl. eve.; letters .answered.
Residence (no signs), 38 McAllister St.*
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. «; Fri. eves..
8:15; Wed. afternoon, 2:45* sittings daily. 10
to 4, except Sun. 18C9 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
C. V. MILLER'S grand 4th of July seance to-
day, 1 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush et. ¦
SPIRIT messages to-night: reliable mediums.
Madam Yountr's Hall. 619 McAllister: ad. 10c.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
Blttlngs. 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 60c. 215 Leavenworth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c. 2*>2 Minna st.. near Fourth.
1 FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; elttings dally: test. to all to-night; 10c.
! EDWARD EARLE, 218 Ellis— Readings dally;
j seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSTCHIST
He tells your name, condition, derire. hope?,
etc.. without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky; reunites the separated; makes harmonv
In your home; gives accurate advlc* on all
business affairs ;lnvestm<?nt!<.minlnR. oil: read-
ings by mall: tend stamps for terms.123 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with lite reading: ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit., $150. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate: Mine. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
• falls; 25c and 60c. .1203 Mission St.. cor. 8th.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
plves nan-.es. facts, dates: satisfaction by mail; 1
{ Inclose stamp. 13S2 Market, opposite 7th St.
' .Mrs. Dr. Sayler, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c: mail $1.
1511H Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
MRS. DR. VALEEN. clair.. palmist: advice on
all affairs; messages from departed friends;
teacher of personal magnetism. 1523V& Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readinss daily, 10 a, m. to 5 p. m.
j MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
I ladies 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
I Mrs. Mallory. clairvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
j MMK. BERNARD, 17 3d St., gone on vacation;
will return soon; watch paper for ad. *
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 23c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET nEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. S53-S57 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
BEATING, 3c; laying. 3c: renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
i RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
j reasonable. 1703 Harrison ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth Et.; tel. Jessie 1061.
CITY Steam Caroet-Beatlng Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 2S-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beatlnp and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rateF. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jesslo 944.
CHIROPODISTS. .
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan," 415 Sutter.
CAPABLE chiropodist; references. Box 4338,
Call offlce.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DECORATORS.
ESTIMATES, Including designs, for decorat-
- ing streets for the Fifth International Ep-
worth League Convention. Full Information
may be had upon application to
GEO. NORTON,
Chm. Decoration Com., «
Call Friday morning. 836 Howard st.
DENTISTS. _/_
XT^Se"ELEOT^-D~ENTAL"cLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
•without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 DO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2.
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free;' prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years: crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates. $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH.S15?i Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up ;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. . ¦ - - - -
DETECTIVE AGRXCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building.
room* 323-3?4. Ran Francisco: tPl. South SSI-
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Military School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 -Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor &. Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business CoIlegeT^S^Market
St.— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete business education; shorthand,
tsTing, bookkeeping, com'l arithmetic, com'l
law, penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; catalogue
free. '
G A LLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg —
Shorthand, typing and "bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
schocl for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor^ Phelan .building. ?
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
associated with theatrical , agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
11ERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.minlng. mech.,sur-
I vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllea School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hal!.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business ..College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR.-exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg." '
EDUCA^
KENT Law. School, day and night. . 533 Parrott
building. •
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1SC3; new 80-page catalogue free.
PROF. L". MERKI, successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1C0S Mission st., nr. 6th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THEUAPEt'TlC.
Electric-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blcod & constitutional ¦ diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'a Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St. ; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE "Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, economical house-
keeper, used to children, wishes position cook-
ing and washing; capable entire work of
family; wages $12. 268 Stevenson st. - ¦
STRONG, cood, willing- woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of. work; good
. references ; wages $1 per day and car fare.
68 Third St., room 10, upstairs. '
A NICE young German woman wishes a sit-
uation to do general housework in nice fam-
ily; kind to children. Call 467 Tehama St..
between Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED— By competent nurse, confinements
or any kind of nursing; terms reasonable.
Address *20 Van Ness ave..
LADT desires position take charge of rooming-
house or housekeeper widower's family;,
no objection to country. Box 4351, Call office.
GOOD cook by day: please state party; lunch-
eon or plain meals; reasonable: cannot call
only to work. Epicurean, box 3527, Call. .
LADY wishes sewing and gents' mending at
home. Room 7, 150 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wishes engagements for $2 the day. Apply
MRS. N. WAHLQUIST. &09 Kearny st.
MISS GILLIGAN'S. dressmaker tailor system
taught. 10 Metcalf place, near Mason St., off
Geary.
WINCHESTER- House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received. at Call branch orfio?, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife, experienced In hotel work,
want situations in small country hotel as
cook and dishwasher or chamber and laundry
work. Address L. L.. 333 Jessie st.
CARPENTER will work cheap If given steady
work; good all around man; prefer shop,
firm, corporation, estate work; give trial.
Box 3483, Call offlce. _^
GERMAN baker, second or third hand, on
bread or cakes, wants situation In city or
country. Address AY. S.. 243 Minna st.
POSITION wanted by young Englishman; un-
derstands horses thoroughly; flrEt-class driver;
can milk, etc.. etc. Address box 4346, Call.
YOUNG man. age 23. desires position in offlce:
wholesale preferred; strictly temperate. Box
3457, Call' office.
YOUNG man would like- to hear of a position
at grocery or bar business: city experience;
good reference. Box 4348. Call office.
YOUNG man aged 20 wants place as butler and
useful man; best references. Box 4342, Call.
WANTED— Work by tinner and roofer; city, or
country. Address WOLF, 157 Fourth st.
PRINTER— Young man with 4 years' experi-
ence desires a position in city. Box 4350, Call.
GOOD baker wants situation; reliable: city or
country- Address G. L., room 674, Winches-
ter Hotel, Third st.
COMPETENT man wants position as delivery
clerk; has long experience; knows city well.
Address P. W., box 4332. Call offlce. ,
WANTED — Steady work of any kind by a
young man of 23. Box 4335, Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper and accountant, good
penman, wishes permanent position, or will
take rhort sets, pay by the hour: salary
• moderate. Address H., 601 Call building.
A YOUNG man wishes employment of any
kind: sober and reliable; references. Box
4311. Call office. ¦ •
YOUNG barber, age 16. five months' experi-
ence, wants work at trade; city or country;
wages $4 weekly the first six months. Box
SI99, Call offlce. _^ .
AN experienced oil-well driller wants position;
can give references as to ability.. Address
R., room 69, Golden West Hotel.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 22C0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscrlptions has been established at 10dS
Valencia st. |
FEATHERS REXOVATED. •
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
St.; phone Capp 1682.
FLATS TO LET.
iT'wELSH st.Tonr4th7~betr BryXnT^nd^BraivI
nan— Cozy, sunny flats; 3 rooms each; in rear;
rent $6 CO; new plumbing, painting and
papering.-
O'FARRELL. 1923-33-35, near Scott— Very at-
tractive flats, 5, 6, 7 rooms and bath each;
rents very reasonable.
PINE, 2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st. > - . •¦-
FURNISHED sunny flat, five rooms, bath, $33;
rent for six months or less. Apply on prem-
ises, 96 Devisadero Bt.
FURNISHED complete for housekeeping — 4
rooms and bath; lower flat. 1908 Filbert St.;
call after 5 p. m.
$30—2327 PINE St., near Fillmore; sunny upper
flat. 6 rooms and bath. .. ASHTON & GARD-
INER, 411 Montgomery st. . -,
$25 — GRAND flat, 6 large sunny rooms; modern
in every respect. 1127 Guerrero st., between
23d and 24th.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
$27 50— One new modern flat. 117 William St.,
near Geary.
A— NEW marine view, sunny, 8-rooms, bath.
2414 Van Ness ave.. near Union st. ,
217 SHIPLEY st. — 4 and 7 room flats; $10
and $12.
FLATS Tt) ILET — FURNISHED.
$25^COMPLETELY furnished fiat of 5 rooms.
1018 Church Et.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. \
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. Klhg Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. ~
CAL, Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture ( »ee.
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard at.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
¦ pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.: tel. 761 Jesaie.
HELP WANTED— BEMALE,
AlTc. rThansen^ &^cb?sr.!...104 Geary it.
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
¦ Wanted,
Waitresses Waitresses .......Waitresses
For
City..
"Summer.
«|pfsfc,':. Water! ns.
Mountain
• Resorts r „.„>.;.;¦¦;
Commercial Hotels.
, Also -
Laundresses. ...... .Fancy Ironers. . .... .. .Cooks
Institution nurses .and .Dishwashers
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks House girls. Second girls
Nurse girls ..and Ranch cooks
Highest wages paid Call and select
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
A WAITRESS for a summer retreat, $25, free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. .
A.NICK, neat nurse girl, used ' to small chil-
dren: offlce fee paid by lady; seeparty here."
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.:
A SHAMPOOER. Springs .....:.;. ..$25
¦• Second cook. Institution Country...... $31
Chambermaid wlth-a child," country... .....jlo
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary st.
WANTED— Young lady to do sketch with young
' man on stage; must be able to sing; alto pre-
ferred. Box 4341, Call of flee. ¦
STEADY sewers on ladies' wear to take work
home. H. FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell st
HFIM' WANTJWlW — PKm>,^ — f'on.
WANTED— Early Friday, " head waitress. $30
. and 2 waitresses, for springs,- $25; Scandina-
vian cook, plain wash, $35; German cook, no
wash, $30; 41 cook3 and girls for housework In
city and country, $25: and $80: 20 waitresses
for city and country hotels $20 and $25; first-
class laundress, S30; nurse, 2 children.. $20; 5
second girls,-. $20 and $25; waitress, private
famHy, country, $25; French cook for ranch,
$S0; 2 cooks, boarding house, $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN to do rough' sewing for a few days.
Jl per day and board. Apply at Sherman
House. 28 Eighth st.
FEW more agents wanted in every town on
Pacific Coast to advertise and sell medicine;
good commission. 1327 Market St., room 3. .
WANTED— 2 experienced waitresses at Inter-
national Hotel, 824 Kearny st. ; wages $20
and found. ' '***•-
A LADT of ' indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
, ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
GERMAN cook wanted.. Apply 1354 Post St..
between 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
GIRL • to assist housework, country. - Apply
3540 Clay st., Friday morning. J -
GIRLS wanted at WEMPB BROS. Paper Box
Factory. 121-127 Mission st. , - -
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker wanted. 22 Grant
avenue. • ¦ ; • . •
WANTED— Girl to work In shootlnj gallery;
good wages. 523 Paciflo st. '. •,
'"WANTED— Intelligent, trustworthy woman,
over 28, by wholesale house; no bookkeeping
or stenography. Box 4336. Call offlce.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper*; must have experi-
ence. Clerks' Bureau, 1008H Market St.. r. 4.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; family of
2; $12 ter month; good home for 'respectable
girl. i\i Flllmore St.. near McAllister.
$20— RELIABLE Protestant girl; general house-
work; treated as one of the family. 222
Dolores St.. near Sixteenth. ¦ .-
COOK and second girl, same house; small
wash; $25 and $20. 1918 Jackson st.
GOOD sewer wanted in bindery. MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st. •
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts. S35 Valencia.
LADIES wishing to marry send- address to
MRS. HERTZ. 706 EIUs St.; no charges.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32Vi. Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Lev! Strauss & Co.'a overall fac-
tory. 32H Fremont St. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
FINISHERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO., 541 Market st. ¦
EXPERIENCED front hands on negligee
shirts. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beeu established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rfc«*lv*rt lit Call hranoh office. t2M Fillmore Bt.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5348
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
....OPEN.. TO-DAY.. THURSDAY (July 4)....
....From 8 to 11 a. m
RAILROAD MEN READ THIS
EVERYBODY READ THIS
COME ONE COME ALL
WE SHIP FREE to every railroad In Cali-
fornia.. S. P. R. R., SANTA FE R. R.. C.
. N. W. RY
NEW WORK
SANTA FE R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
SANTA FE WORK...
SANTA FE "WORK. .."...'.
125 laborers to work on Santa Fe system
FREE PASS FREE
.C. N. W. RY
We ship railroad men morning, noon and
night :
BO teamsters, Ukiah $2 day
50 laborers, Uklah .'...$2 day
Good water Good climate
:.S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
A carload of laborers to work' in section,
steel and rock gang, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles division
, FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
On all the railroad work
Remember we ship thrice dally
MECHANICAL HELP....
Carpenter, gold mining company $75
"Woodworker for camp, $32 and found; ranch
blacksmith, $40; rough carpenter, $40; black-
smith, camp, north. $80; 2 stonecutters, mine
company; blacksmith, shop near city, $52 and
found; blacksmith's helper: machinists, pipe-
fitters, boiler-makers and helpers
MINERS... FARE PAID. .. LABORERS.. ..
2 more machine miners, Slsklyou County, $75
to $82 50 and found, fare paid; 5 single-hand
miners, new gold mine, $75; 5 muckers. $60; 5
laborers, gold mine, no experience. $60; dril-
lers, $75: 25 strong laborers to do mucking,
large mining company. $60 and found; 15
quarrymen, $60; 50 laborers for factories, brick
- yards, etc
1500 laborers, city and country, Jl 75 to $2 50
per day ' ". ..
MISCELLANEOUS
Stableman for vineyard company. $30; groom
for gentleman's stables; well digger; 5 stable-
men, city and country; 20 men for large lum-
ber company to work In mills, yards and
woods, no experience required. $40 to $65 and
found; deck hands. $40
......AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
750 men to work • in hay and harvest on
farms, orchards and vineyards, $1 25 to $2 50
per day; cheesemaker, $30; 50 milkers. $30 to
$40; 6 men to work on hay press, 20c per ton;
choremen and boys... :..."
STEWARDS COOKS
Steward for a large company's boarding-
house, $40; night cook, $10 week; 15 cooks,
harvest crews and ranches: 12 waiters, coun-
try hotels; restaurant waiters, $10 week;
baker. $60; porters, kitchen help, etc
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. n~ HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
"Wanted — 10CO men for new railroad work
Teamsters, laborers, choppers, drillers, muck-
ers and tunnelmen for
'* Uklah
Nevada. )...
Truckee
Coast Road '
Chatsworth Park (Big Tunnel)
Wages from $1 75 to $2 50 a day
Free Fare Ship Daily ....Free Fare
E0 laborers for section work on Sulsun, Stock-
ton and Merced divisions, $1 75 day, board
$18 Free Fare
ir»0 laborers for ditch and levee work, $2 to
$2 25 a day; 20 farmers, haymakers, milkers
and choremen. $35, $30 and $25; 6 lumber
¦ pliers, $35. Bee boss here.... .,
' HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fry cook, country hotel, $65; attendants' cook
for an Institution, $40; cook, hotel, north, $50;
6 second cooks, fryers and' broilers, $50 to $70;
assistant confectioner, country hotel, $25 and
fare paid: 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands,
$30 and $25
Head waiter for springs, $35; 6 waiters, coun-
. try hotels. $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third st., near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
100 railroad laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work,
L.' A. and Santa Barbara dlv Jl 75, $2 50
100 men for new road... $2 and $2 60 per day
FREE FARE
Offlce fee for above -$1
10 harvest hands $2 per day
10 lumber pliers $35 per month and board
10 men for rock quarry........ $2 25, free fare
Milker, country, 18 cows $30 per month
Blacksmith, country.. W per day
Experienced bookkeeper. $75 to $100 per month
2 . handy men for > boiler works, country,
'. $2 25 per day
8. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st.
< 60 R. R. laborers, Uklah and Santa Barbara,
free fare: 50 laborers for lumber mill, ship
Thurs. ; 20 laborers and 20 teamsters. $2 25,
I country, fare $1 20; man for kitchen, $20 & fd.
WANTED— Errand boy for this offlce; $3 a
week. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. -027 Market St., room £07.
I. LEES. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
$150— 2-CHAIR shop doing good business; in
lively summer resort; laundry office; going
East. Address P. O. box 84, Paciflo Grove,
Cal.
TEAMSTER to drive wholesaler's truck; man
experienced here required: references r age.
Write to box 4339, Call offlce. ¦. - -
WANTED— Steady young man to assist gener-
ally in light Indoor work; $15 per week to
start; must have $100 cash. 25 Geary Bt. r. 1.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
• good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building. *
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; $15 a week; easy
Job. Apply H. BRAY. Nevada City. Cal.
WAITER wanted at 312 Montgomery ave.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted. 22 Grant
* avenue. ... - y ¦ , -¦ '
A GOOD sign writer; plain ¦ work"f day wages.
' GEORGE NORTON, 836 Howard st.
PORTER wanted in saloon; wages $40; -call
. early. 152 East st.
WANTED— Extra waiter at *15 Third st. . . ,-.
WANTED— Blacksmith helper on wagon work.
537 Bran nan ,st. ••¦¦: . . .'¦ '¦>
WANTED— Good foreman on cakes. 911 Lar-.
kin st. . : , . k ¦ ¦ . ¦
.WANTED— An experienced milk wagon driver.
1408 De.vlsadero St. - - . . ¦-„ ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly, damaged, half
. price. 563 Mission st. bet, let and 2d sts.. ,
WANTED— A first-class Ironer on skirts, shirt
waists, etc. ; a t steady place; - wages $30 and
.; found. Address or telephone Stanford French
.Laundry. Palo Alto. ;;}¦¦- ¦
1 , .¦%'¦ -^ >.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: $60
monthly paid our graduates ; two . months
'completes; more calls for our * barbers than
we can supply; tools presented; wages 'Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for. .our special offer to-day.
. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
WANTED— Hard rock miners, wage^ $2 50 per
day; laborers, wages $2 per day; board is $18
per month; doctor's ¦ fees, $125 per month.
Apply to the New Iclrla Q. Mining Co.. Idria,
San Benlto County, Cal., JAMES G. FINCH.
Superintendent.
SOMETHING entirely new; the Boston Insti-
tute of . Autoshavlng; - a school for teaching
men the art of shaving themselves. For par-
ticulars call at office, hours 10 to 12 a. m. and
1 to 4 and 6 to 8 p. m.. 105 Ellis", si., room 31.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
. bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st. - ¦ .- . ¦
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third -St.; 150 large
.rooms; -25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SOBER German; understands care of horses
and wagons and light porter work; wages $10
per week_>Apply 300 Hayes at., Call^ branch.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLJ.S.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
SHOEMAKERS wanted— Lasters, puller-overs
on Ideal lasting machine; good pay to the
right men. Apply foreman. 103 Mission st.
ENGRAVERS wanted, i California Photo-En-
graving Co., 513 Market St.; steady work';
highest wages.
WANTED— Errand boy for this offlce. 316 Sut-
ter st. '
AMATEUR singers wanted. \ Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening.
WANTED— A good tailor or vest and pants
maker. 428 Geary st.
£00 MEN to buy suits made to order. 31 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st. .
WANTED— Good barber: steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St.. San Rafael. Tel Red 15.
GOOD short-order cook -for night work at 8
Hayes St..
EXPERIENCED bookbinder wanted. Mysell-
RolHns Co.. 22 Clay st.
"WILL sell 3-chalr barber shop; centrally lo-
lated. Addresa JOE HART. 15 Stockton St.
BOY wanted to help In blacksmith shop. 1221
Webster st.. near Ellis.
WANTED — 100 quarrymen and rock drillers.
Apply 232 Montgomery St.
McDONALD & PERRY have BOO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; SOc. 241 Third st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near. Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia St. • .
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth EC; auction sales every "Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
A HANDSOME registered young thoroughbred,
broken to saddle and harness; lady drives
him; cheap at $150; don't answer if you are
looking for a $00 horse. 125 Geary St.
WELL-BROKEN 6-year-old horse, 1100 pounds.
M. D. MEYER & CO.. Geary and Devlsadoro.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
GRAY pacer, buggy and harness, cheap; also
three ladles' saddles, 21 City Hall ave.
CHEAP horse; suitable for camper. 816 Treat
avenue." \
FAMILY cow for sale. Apply 57 Bernal ave.
FOR sale— A good light buggy. $15. JAMES
NEWMAN, 140 Steiner st. ; fruit store.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery St.. room 25.
HOUSES. TO LET. '
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
AT 24 Morris ave., off Harrison, .near 6th—
sunny, ofroom house, $13; in good order; water
free; appreciated if seen.
FINE house: 9 rooms with rear lot and other
street. 1218 Turk St.; rent $35.
TO let— 3 rooms, with stable. Apply 624 Sev-
enth st. •
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath'ls ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on installments;
call and see it in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.-
LOST AND FOUND.
jBoTEWARa ""'""' ri - r - rL "-"-"- ri^ ri - ri - rij
. Lost, a pair of solitaire diamond earrings
somewhere between 226 North Willard st. and
. San Rafael ferry depot, or on San Rafael
boat. Return to MRS. R. A. VANCE, 226
North Willard st. I
LOST-^-Tuesday night, fox terrier with col-
lar and chain. Liberal reward by returning
to Columbia Theater stage door.
LOST — Lady's purse on blue cars Tuesday.
Finder may keep money, but return purse
and other contents to 120 Sutter St., room 75.
STRAYED from Bakers Beach— Roan horse,
one white fetlock on hind leg and scar on
right front leg near hoof. Notify 2912 Mis-
sion st. and receive reward.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
M.VmillO.MAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. .
MEDICAL.
A — RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male comolaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinate
- cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm; neuralgia, leucorrhea,
gonorrhea and al) troubles of male and female
sexual organs: treat yourself; be 'your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment, $4:
maternity home; .bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St., S. F., Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; tho
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain; traveler* . helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Halo's.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell: reliable ladies' specialist; 26
years" practice; guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees. . .
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my -regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care; fee low; consult free.
' MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
DR. and Mrs. "Davles, 1228 Market; our regula-
tor Is a treatment superior - to others, has
brought health and happiness to thousands of
anxious, suffering ' and despondent women;
office treatment guaranteed: strictly reliable.
DR.: and MRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market, be£
Gth & 7th — Expert specialists; well known and
reliable; 25 yrs.experience; treatment guarant'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
Bkln diseases.. N\V. cor. G. G. ave. & Flllmore.
A : WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
•'•¦¦ anSCELLANEOUS WANTS.
STAMPS, unused bank checks with 2c Imprint,
bought. Room 1008, Call building.
WANTED— Single buggy and harness. 608
Sixth St.". '.-: .. ,\ ,.-....'" . '
TILTON ; wants ' 2nd-hand . clothing, especially
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th; tel. Folsom 2522.
¦ { /MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
1 BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH &..WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
B\RS back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 Tours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1C23
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS. " sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHLffQ PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER for sale (Smith Premier) with
disappearing desk. . 1003 Call building.
4 BEAUTIFUL diamond rings for sale cheap;
no reasonable offer refused. 2400 Howard st.
AT 3c a roll, good wall paper; paper-hanging.
painting. 1303 Webster; tcl. Jackson lJZi.
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought sold.
nented. exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 SO. 109 Montgomery st.
ONE 4-horsepower Covey engine; one 2H-
horsepower Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS* 10-ton W scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein, 538 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
" all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 66 Bluxomft.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and gold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
We pay big prices for sealskins. ; Portland
Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st. __
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
aiONEV TO LOAJf.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate.
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.
' Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 v and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; flist,
second mortgages, estates In .probate, interest
in estates, .legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests: corporation loans.. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
- and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market at. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
st.; tel. Main 1641. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
DEAL direct furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate;strictly private. LlcIc.llG McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r L
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; n<5 indorser required. S.
F.. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
(100, COO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE have decided to offer every one who buys
a new piano from. us during the month of
July a special cut in price amounting to
about 30 per cent discount for cash purchases
and 20 per cent on installments where all
payments are closed up within two years;
- our regular prices have always been consid-
erably lower than many houses charge for
same class of goods and there will be no
raise to offset the cut: Just think what this
means to you— a $300 piano for $330, $400 for
J2S0. $300 for $210; call and see the instru-
ments. Decker. Baumeister. Smith & Barnes
and Marshall & Wendell. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
LUDWIG planes.
Steck pianos.
Hardman pianos..
Packard piinos.
Everett planes.
They are the best and for sale only by the
new piano house. WILEY B. ALLEN CO..
833 Market st.. S. F, (Oakland branch. 951
Broadway.)
ALL pianos purchased . of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stetnway
upright or baby grand piano" any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. , New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price .al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabo at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy &
piano from us. KOHLER &• CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1850.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. $123, $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St..
Chickerlng, "Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes; great bargain; $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free : you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.
BARGAINS— Haines, $290; Kramer. $135: Nieu-
mann $140; CatJle. $175. W. C. HAMILTON,
8 Flood building.
IF you wish first-class repair work done call
and Inspect our factory. BYRON MAUZY,
308 Post st.
Keeffe's. 314 Post— Bargains this wk.; Shonin-
ger, Schubert, Behning and Schumann pianos.
TWO upright pianos left on sale: Fisher $35,
Chickering $185. Room 38." 217 Geary st. .
ELEGANT standard upright piano: little used;
party leaving city; sacrifice. 782 Ellis st.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st. . .
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
$80— FINE upright: baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. . 1729 ' Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A FINE upright piano- for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Alllster st. . - ¦ •
AT WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song. . ,
SUPERIOR violins. -zithers, old and new. i£
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LIGHT, cheerful ¦ offices ; $15 and $20. Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st. -. -^v- ,-
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development ' Company,
operating on 2120 acres of . oil land In nine
districts. Offlce, 23 and 24 Merchants* Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; big advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co., 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second hand. In -good order; all
sizes; cheap. H.- S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, rell-
able work. Clark's. 803 Larkin; tel. Larkin 106a
.' . PALMISTRY. ~~~
M^iTXAlutBrscTentrflc'paimlst: head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
MME. GERM AINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor ft, bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 581.
*" nim r*f irrffrwi ¦ih«ii<iirMrinri,.\wfcr^im—m ¦ m 1 .
1 PERSONALS.
CALIFORNIA . AERIAL^AVIGATION CO.".
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co..
is. now building Its grett ship of the air at
its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sta.;
a limited number of shares for a limited time
is now being offered to the public at $2 per
share at Its offlce. 306 Pine St.. room 3; call
for particulars.
IF EDWARD RLTXGERT, who left Spandau.
Germany, for California twelve years lago,
will correspond with his, brother, ALBERT
RUNGERT. he will hear of something to h!a
advantage. Address ALBERT RLNGERT.
Mooloolah, Queensland. Australia. •
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call
on DR G S. MOORE. 438 Geary St.. and you
will no't be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove ruga, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night: $130 to $6 per weei;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
"WAXTED— Lady hairdressers to act as agents
for Byer's Scalp Tcnio and Hair Restorer.
Call at 252 Ellis at.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. »2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
ALFREDXJMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
BOHEMIAN Dermatologlcal. r. .3. 131 Post-
Electric needle used; hair and facial treatm't.
POISON oak cured In one application or no p*y;
satisfaction guaranteed. 4o9 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
Ladles* and Rents" cast-oft clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
TAILOR made suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet "Welch. 2115 Bush; hours S to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat. ; electrolysis; 17 years* exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JEN'KEL, 817 Market St.
MASQUERADB costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the- best
corn cure; 25c; all drugrists.
PHYSICIANS A.VD Sl'RCEOM
DR C. C 0"DONNELL»-Ofnce and residence.
1021 Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WOXG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; sea
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. EIIIj.
FILES.
NEARLY 1C0O permanent cures here, in your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
¦ over SO names of, prominent business mm
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sal*.
Particulars address Physician, box 1930, Call
office. S. F.. Cal.
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Bargains In Sunset. See them at once.
Sunset Branch Office, ttn ave.. near H st.
J5C0 to $900 each— Graded and sewered: build-
ing up fast; superb view of park and ocean;
$10 monthly.
*1CO, S1S0. $200 to $330— Choicest ocean boule-
vard lots, ready to build on; {5 monthly.
$75, S10O to $250— Level lota near Mission-st.
cars: splendid bargains, for choice homes; $5
monthly.
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS.
$100 to $800— We never fall to suit; on choic-
est streets: on very easy terms.
$1000. $1350. $2000 to $330)— Elegant cottages in
Richmond. Sunset and Mission districts; all
bargains; on installments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
54 Chronicle building.
$6500 — TERMS to suit; very handsomely deco-
rated and sunny 10-room residence; substan-
tially built and finished by day work; ever'v
possible latest improvement: heaters, regis-
ters, C basins, plate and art glasa windows,
etc.; marine and park view; the choicest of
any near panhandle: large lot, 26:6x100; Ful-
ton St., near Shrader; Hayes or McAllister
st cars.; open from 11 to 5.
FOR sale— Xew cottage, 4 rooms, bath. larg»
basement, near Union st. 3022 Pierce st.
REAL ESTATE COPXTRY Korlale
FOR sale — A nice home, $2300; 6 J i acres in
prune orchard: also house and barn and
family orchard In Pleisanton. Call at 42 l i
Clara st.: JOHN STEVENS.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write Tor
free list. C. R. WIXFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WISH to exchange good real estate in San
Jose: well Improved; 5 50-varas, with lar,ge
bearing tree3, all kinds of fruit: price $10,0CO;
for San Francisco property. Box 4313, Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OA rc*'** 0 - - RE . A V- , E -? TATB -
$1500— ESTABLISHED grocery and butcher
shop, with store fixtures; flat above, and
stable, well and pump; gore lot: streets com-
plete; fine location In North Oakland; cost
$2100; insured for $15C0; easy terms If desired.
GEO. Vr. AUSTIN & CO..
1C03 Broadway. Oakland.
$3250— EAST of Broadwa.y; comfortable horns
of 9 rooms In the choicest part of Oakland;
owner non-resident; reduced price for a qultic
cash sale.
GEO. VT. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$850— COZY little bungalow cottage; all shin-
gled; new plumbing; lot 40x120 feet; close to
Telegraph ave. and city trains; will arrange
. terms.
GEO. VT. AUSTIN & CO..
. <:. ,- 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2500— $500 CASH, balance on easy terms ; pretty
Eastlake cottage, & rooms, bath, hall, high,
basement; 2 bay windows; newly painted;
nice .open lawn and cement walks; select lo-
cality; 1 block from Eroadway; cost $3500.
GEO. VT. AUSTIN ft CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
$6000 — ELEGANT home sacrificed ; corner Eightbi
and Adeline sts.; only 1 block from station;
13 rooms; modern plumbing: and steam fur-
nace; finished basement and attic: newly
painted; convenient and prominent location
for local physician or San Francisco business
man; lot 50x100 feet; nice lawn; and all In
good condition; cost $11,000;' a big sacrifice.
GEO. VT. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
$2250— $300 CASH.
Brand new bungalow cottage; open plumb-.
Ing; large lot; very sunny, near local trains,
schools and business center, etc.; cost $3000
to duplicate. • J. a. MYERS & CQ..
1003 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$3700— ACTUAL CASH VALUE TO-DAY $3000.
62 feet frontage; 9-rocm house; barn; splen-
did water supply on premises; an ideal home;
near business center; mortgage $2700. which
can remain at the bank; must be sold thla
week; no reasonable offer refused.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$3250 — THE handsomest new house ever con-
structed for sale in this city.
Space too expensove to extol all of its
charming qualities as to location, construc-
tion, etc Any one wishing to buy a home on
easy terms can get a bargain. It la only
necessary to see the property to be con-
vinced of Its charming qualities and the low
price asked for the property. The owner
will make very * easy term j to tha buyer
who means business.
J. S. MYERS &' CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
$1000 CASH. ?S 50 monihly— A model 8-room
. cottage.' chicken shed. barn, stable, immense
fruit trees: small assorted fruit; a lovely
gnrden of vegetables: flowers In profusion:
high ground and lavel; lot 40x160; more land'
car. be had cheap; city water; close to a fine
public school and 3 churches: one block from
electric car line; this is a grand ready-mada-
¦ home and one rare to dnd: price In all. $1500;
no fogs nor cold wind»; adjoining East Oak-
land. Call or send for circular. 453 Seventh
st., oppcslte Broadway station, Oakland; car-
riages free. H. 2. JONES, owner.
$300 CASH. *2O monthly : up-to-date, modern !-
story house of 9 rooms; all conveniences;
large lot. 150 ft. deep, on Frultvale ave.: no
fega nor raw winds; «. lovely home at a bar-
gain; price all told. $2750: will make terms
to suit or discount for cash. 455 Seven:*! st..
. opposite Broadway station. Oakland: carriage
free. H^. Z. JONES, owner.
STOP paying rent— 5-room cottage, batb,
pantry, high basement, fruit trees, fine well
of water, windmill and tank, large lot. street
Y2?? done - fenced and cress fenced prica
$12uO; terms. $100 cash, balance $13 month;
new up to date 2-story 8-room house porce-
lain tub. gas and- electric fixtures, high con-
crete foundation, street work done choice
location close to station and street cars;
price S2cC0; very easy terms.
I -Take Berkeley trait, get off at Lortn sta-
tion: office west side of R. R. track: open
Sundays. RUDOLPH PERKINS & LYON.
OAKI.AM) VI KM rt.'HE KOU S\LK.
AN Introduction to yon froro H. ScniiihaasTthi
furniture dealer, Ilth and Franklin, OakUatf,THE SAN FRANCISCO ¦ CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 4. 1901.
11
MESSENGER MAHTIN IS
• : ACQUITTED OP ¦ THEFT
Left EmploymcnfWithout Notice, but
There Is No Evidence That He
Committed Crime.
The cTiarge preferred against A. J. Mar
tin of- stealing J47 from the" safe of the
United States Engineer In the Flood build
ing a week ago last Monday was dismissed
yesterday by United States Court Com
missioner Heacock.
The testimony showed that Martin, who
is 26 years old, had been employed as mes
senger in the office since April 15 and
that after working for two hours on June
24 he left without notice and went to
Berkeley, where he was captured the next
day by. United States Secret Service
Agent Hazen. ¦ ,
The • safe door was unlocked as usual
during office hours and $47 was missing.
Thero was no evidence to show that Mar
tin took the money, while, it was proved
that other persons had access to the of
fice.
. Judge Heacock remarked that while the
manner in which Martin. went. away was
suspicious It was no evidence that he com-
FILIPINOS NEED
MILITARY LAW
Congressman Hull Tells
of Observations in
Luzon.
¦ '•' ' • ' ¦ ' -. .-
Reports of "Widespread Ob
jection to Removal of
: Troops.
MANILA, July 3.— Congressman Hull of
Iowa, who accompanied General Chaff ee
on his southern tour, characterizes the
newly established provincial government
as "hothouse plants, unable to withstand
adversities." He said to a correspondent
that there will be many difficulties under
the ; dual civil and military government
which will be inaugurated to-morrow.
Hull believes that their natural richness
Insures tho eventual prosperity of the Isl
ands, but he is convinced from conversa
tion with. the Governors and army officers
that in the new southern province poverty
and other obstacles will prevent the suc
cessful collection of land taxes.' He be
lieves that the salarjes, excepting those
of the clerks and minor employes, are too
high from the Commissioners downward,
and "that the provinces ought to have far
larger areas and fewer officers. The
United States Commissioners agree with
this, but have deferred to the wishes of
the inhabitants. ¦ .
Hull approves of the provincial laws,
but is of the opinion that the bulk of the
territory should be under military gov
ernment until absolutely pacified and
cleared of ladrones. He is convinced the
natives in general are not concerned
about the government. These views are
typically those of the generality of army
officers. The American civilians,, as a
rule, are not Inclined to await a fair trial
of the experiment of partial self-govern
ment and neither the natives • nor the
army officers are in favor of any removal
of troops. :
General Sumner urges that the native
police of Tayabas province ought to.be
disarmed or. controlled by the. Military
Governor. Colonel Gardiner of the prov
ince insists upon controlling the police.
The pending bill for the organization of
the entire insular police provides for civil
control of the police, and army officers
predict clashes unless the military control
the police in the -disturbed localities.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Mr. and- Mrs. A. J. Stein announce the
engagement of their daughter Josle to
Sigmund W. Beck.
Mrs. Dora Levy announces the engage
ment of her daughter Bessie to William I.
Kohnof Wisconsin. -
Mr. and Mrs. Richard E. Queen and
Mrs. M. M. Queen and daughter. Miss
Eleanor, of 2122 Sacramento street, who
for the past -year have been making-, a
tour of Europe, sailed for home on the
Campania on June 29, and will arrive In
San Francisco early in August. During
their recent visit to Rome they -Were hon
ored by a private audience with his Holi
ness the Pope. . s
Mr. and Mrs. Max Lowenthal have re
turned and will reside at 1621 Turk street.
Mrs. Max Cohn and her daughter Tillle
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Theo Lowe f s at Ross Valley for the
summer montli3. ¦ ¦
Joseph B. Dugrgan and Dr.' Calvin W.
Knowles are spending the summer months
at Ross Valley.
Miss Edna West, who has been- here for
the past two months visiting friends, left
on Tuesday for her home in RedBluff.
Miss M. Gelshaker, who has been on a
six weeks' trip to Portland, Seattle, Vic
toria and Alaska, will return about the
middle of July.
Mr., and Mrs. -M. D. -.McLaughlln and
family are occupying their new cottage in
Fruitvale. where they will remain during
the summer months.
Fight for High-School Principalship.
OAKLAND, July. 3.— The postponement
of the election of a T principal for the Oak
land High School has caused' every one of
the candidates to become more active.. J.
Fred Smith of Campbell, Santa Clara
County, had the necessary votes to elect,
but now he is confronted by more active
work on the part of the friends of the
other candidates. Pond of Sacramento
has developed some influential friends
who are aiding Vim, and S. P. Meads,, the
present vice principal, has a host of work
ers who are in favor of an Oakland man.
The State University at Berkeley is de
sirous of having It known that it is
not supporting any one candidate in the
contest. Smith. Meads and Pond have
been Indorsed as to their competency, but
no one man against the others.
Deaths in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, July 3.— Mrs. Cora W.
Lovatt, wife ot Charles A. Lovatt, died
last night at 1525 Spring street and was
buried from' St. Mark's Church this after
noon at 2:30.., She was 38 years old and
leaves an only daughter.
Miss Ethel V. Hill died early this morn
ing at her home, 2121 Hearst avenue. She
had been an invalid for a number of years,
but was not considered seriously ill. Her
death was very sudden, and as no phy
sician was attending her at the time the
case may call for a Coroner's inquest.
¦ » » ¦
HOTEL ABEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J McAndrews, N Y
J Conklin, N Y
S Craig. N Y
J J Sullivan. N Y
E Dewees, Cal
C Geogeit. Chicago
H D Harroll, Baltimor
M P Foley, Phila
G Schonewald. Cal
H Garrison, Stockton
W Cllne, Loa Ang'
H C Newhart, Denver
W F Maggard, Corning
E Carpenter, Sacto
W M-Lemore, U S N
J W Cochrane, Cal
E V Priest. Oakland
F Hall USA
A A de Llgne, Sacto
R A Dunbar, Fresno .
R J Parsons. Fresno
G Palmer. NY .
R A Simmons, Denver
Jdrs B A Hayden & sn,
Bakersfleld 5
C E Wood. Los Banos
D W Gilmore & d. Cal
R H Bush, Arizona
Miss L Banks, Arizona
M Breen, New York
J B Higgins. Cal •
H E Higgins. Cal .
Dr G Ivancovich & w,
Petaluma
J S Perry &w, Peta
Mrs A T Ross, Sacto
A Ross. Sacto •
Mrs E O Parrott. Or
M C Warner & w. Cai
N A Nourse. Sacto
P M Lipton & w. Oak
H F Donaldson. N Y
C M Culver. Alameda
C L Cuthbert. Jackson
Prof F E Flelding.Nev
W Nichols Jr. Cal I
J W Roseburg, Rosevil
J N Gregg. Red Bluff
W I Richardson. Neb
E Heineman, Tacoma
N Nelson. Denver
R E Smythe, N H
F O Eummelen, Lakesd
C W Wadsworth. Tenn
R J Anderson. Cal
W Jereslaw. F<-»nt™"'
W Rutebere. Campbell
E P Spahauls, cai
E V Sheets, Chicago
S B McCullagh. Cal
Miss E McCullagh, Cal
Miss G Mangoulet. Cal
R M Besant & w. Cal
G S Brownell & w, O
Miss S E Brownell. O
W E Earnest. Wyo
J H Mehan. Wyo
H S Coffman. Wyo
W H Lumsden, Cai
T Cunningham, Cal
W D Tillotson. Reddnff
W P Dwyer. Sacto
E W Clark & w, Denvr
R Smith. Reno
G H West, N Y
Mrs N S Bur*ess w in
G F Holeman, Chicago
A B Kreft, Napa
L B Moln. Sacto
W E Brlggs. Sacto
R D Gammon, Denver
J F Newswander & ,w,
Fresno
Mrs R B Shlpp, Fresno
J Smith. Sacto
FS Flint, Cal.
O O Willoughby. Cal
Miss M Wunderlich.Cal
P O'Brien. Redding *
T C Snider. Broderick
J S McConnell. Woodld
PALACE HOTEL.
R "W Morse, "Watsonvl
Mrs E R Vail. S Barb
Miss M G Taylor. SBar
F M Vail. Sta Barbara
W F Brewster, N Y
W C Bradbury & w,
Denver :,
Dr C L. Bard. Ventura
G M Lion & w, S Jose
E P Lion & w, S Jose
Miss E Lion, San Jose
A S Kalerweller, S Jse
F J Fowje. St Paul
J C Gamase, Chicago
S Weltren. Chicago
W Schneider, NY
C B Barnes, L. Ang
T W Morran, Cardiff
J "W Morgan, Cardiff
W-P Hammon, Orovill
G W Lufkin, St Louis
J L Eissndrath, Chgo
J G W^oolley Sc w. Chg
M Rosenblum, Chgo
J P Durfee Jr.'N T
C C Boylan, NY
J Kushlbisch, Japan
J H McCutcheon, Pa
B G Lee. Pittsburff
J Thomsen, Nebr
M G Foster & w. N T
Mrs L V Brleht. N Y
W W Chapin. Sacto
J V Tackaberry, Texas
L J Herbert & -w, Tex
W L Frank. Butte
W HfFiske, Chicago
C G Huse, Chicago
C J Young. Chicago
A C Mllner, Salt Lake
C F Kayser. S Africa
J W Smith, New York
A G Reevas. N Y
Mrs W G Irvine. Pa
Mrs E.Ivers, Pa '
R Ivers. Philadelphia .
J Parker & w, N t ¦
NEW "WESTERN- HOTEL.
J Crowin, St Louis
B L Hart'man, Kansas
A McMlcholl." Kansas
E R Rice, Kansas
J E Clark,, N Y . ..
C Ganqule, NY
H H Cassalls, N.T. ,
J N Mong. Pa
M Cunningham. Ill —
A P Mogett, .Texas •
S N Cooper, Texas
W E Kerns, Texas
G R Horton, Denver
W Black, Balto ¦¦
W Sparker. NT'
P J Butz, . N Y
M B Esos, Illinois
B J, Clements, Illinois
J H Ryan..N Y- .
C. C McChore, 111 .
L S ' Grace, Georgia . -
SU SHIH CHIN'S
HEAD IS SAFE
v._ • • : .. » ...... . .:
Govemmieiit Grants Ad
mission to a Notable
Chinese.
Efforts to Secure the Man's
Deportation Fail of
Results!
WASHINGTON, July 3.— Assistant Sec
retary Tdylo# to-day telegraphed the Im
migration authorities at San Francisco to
admit Su Shin Chin, who has been de
tained there', pending the settlement of
the question of his right to enter this
country. " ' v
Su Shlh Chin Is well known In China as
a man of high attainments, Lately be
has been classed among- the revolutionists,
•who favored the protection and encour
agement of foreign trade In the Orient.
For some time he has been an outlaw In
the eyes of those who secured his deporta
tion from. China. The Treasury officials,
however, took the view that as the only
offense committed .by Chin was a politi
cal one he could not be excluded, and
henco the action taken; . ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAJIEDA REAL ESTATE.
TOR eale — New 6-room cottage; terms. If you
wact to buy or build call on J. H. YOUNG,
1243 Park «t.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
FOS rale— Modern cot tape. « rooms: bath; lot
66x150. 1B18 Mogart «t-. Alaraeda. Maitlck «tn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
IT Js an easy thir.gr nowadays to demonstrate
that the
SUNSHINE WATER HEATERS
Are a euccass, and It Is equally as easy to
prove that the houses on the north side of
Prince 6t., near Grove, containing these heat-
ers ere the best built and cheapest houses
ever offered for sale. Buying these houses
you don't have a single dollar extra to pay—
they are ready to occupy. For sale by
JOS. J. MASON.
Adjoining P. O., Berkeley.
t"6— House and lot; near station.
t"00 — HoafB of C rooms; lot SOxlSS; neat
university; a bargain.
Bargains all over town by
JOS. 3. MASON.
Adjoining: P. O.. Berkeley. CaL
CORNER lot: well situated lor block of flats;
If told in a few days can be had at a bar-
rain.
S1S50— 5-room house; beautiful corner lot; thii
if a bargain.
$4000 — 9-room cottage; larpe lot; looking; ot
university grounds; east of Telegraph ave.
£500 — 7-room house on Grove et.; a beautiful
home at a bargain.
$6S00— One of the finest homee in beautiful
Berkeley; this place must be seen to b« appre-
ciated 8. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate and Insurance.
Opp. First National Bank Berkeley.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. 60! — Sunny corner parlor suit;
complete housekeeping; eas range; bath; rea-
sonable; also others.
CEXTR4.L. AVE.. 722. near McAllister— Three
or five rooms; furnished; housekeeping; coal
rtove.
DALE r>lace. 22. off Golden Gate ave.. bet.
Leavenworth and Hyde — 2 sunny rooms foi
housekeeping; elso eingle room, suitable foi
couple.
KIFTH. S48— Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH, SS3— 2 or 8 furnished housekeeping
from {10 to $20; also single, $4 up.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— 3 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water; $10.
FOLSOM, €20, bet. 2d and 3d— Sunny furnished
room; aiso housekeeping; large garden.
GEARY. 1237. S. E. ccr. Gough-Sulte of thre«
rooms; light housekeeping; furnished or part-
ly furnished.
GROVE. 3S2 — Two eunny rooms; furnished or
unfurnished; light housekeeping; no children.
HOWARD. 1063— 2 oomp. furn. front bay-win-
dow housekpg. rms.; elec. lights; $12; others.
HTDE. 112— Just furnished, front suite, house-
keeping; also large front suite, private, bath;
other rooms: reasonable: modern.
HOWARD, T2S— Complete furnished housekeep-
lng rooms; reasonable; also single, $« month.
JESSIE. 474— Front and back rooms; house-
keeping; fun all day.
McALLISTER. 62J— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; elnk. gas range, bath, laundry.
MISSION. 2S12 — 3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping; stove; use of bath.
OAK. 119—1 large eunny clean basement room,
furnished for housekeeping; yard; 16.
OAK, 115 — 1 large eunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping;, clean; closet: $9 60.
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POST. 962— Housekeeping suites from $10 to
$17 30; also eingle.
POWELL. 15— Two housekeeping rooms, $15;
other rooms.
SECOND. 212— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing and other rooms; neat, respectable, rea-
sonable.
STOCKTON, 607— Furnished apartments to let;
nice, eunny housekeeping apartments.
THIRTEENTH, 18S, cor. Howard— Newly fur.
guit rms.. complete housekpg.; man and wife.
THIRTEENTH, SI*— 2 sunny rooms for house-
keping; unfurnish'jd; second floor.
TURK. £31— New house. Just opened; euites of
2 to 10 rooms for housekeeping.
VALENCIA. 120R1/S— Housekeeping rooms, furn-
ished: use of bath; rent $10.
VALENCIA, 1232—1. 2 or 3 furnished rooms;
housekeeping; alcove: gas stove; bath.
WILLOW ave., 10, off Larkin. nr. Eddy— 2 rmt.
furnished gen. housekeeping; $12; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and Fubscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET—Farn. and I'nfnra.
AHLUORN HOTELT221 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
rtay family hotel In dty: polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
"5c to SI per night; J 1 23 to S3 per week, and
!ig-ht housekeeping rooms: open all night.
A-MAKKET. 1&49A— Nicely furnished suites.
J.C per month up; singles. $3 per month up.
I SUNNY rooms; fl5. 631 Ash ave.; door la
J^en^
BURNETT. K2S Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished run., euites. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 E'.lls. cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH, 4:43, near Douglass— Nicely
furnished Eingle and double.
rOLSOM. SC6A— By a German family unencum-
bered; ; small furnished hall rooms with bath.
FRANCISCO — Elegant suites ;single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 720— Front Bunny room;
back hell room: bath; private; reasonable.
HOTEL Orayetone. 66 Geary St.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel: electric light and elevator; un-
'mertionahly the most luxuriously furnished
in the city- Fteam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOTEL ST. DENIS OZuropean plan). 24 Turk
et., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished: rtrictly first-clas*;
Ho per day and upward; Fpeclal rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references.
HOWARD. S30 (Boston House)— Furnished
rocms, 18c, lie and 23c; neat and clean.
HTDE. 239— Lovely large corner eul tea and
«in*le rooms; private bath.
KEARNT. 34. and 47 Post — Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
MARKET. 1015— Double and single roomi; tran-
Elent solicited : bathe. %,
MARKET. 101S (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rocms. $2 a week up; S5c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant euites. newly
fkirniEhed: private; bath; eingle rooms {10 up.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk «t.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
MINNA, CCT. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. SI per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
effices: elevator: elec. !Ignt«; day. week, mo.
OXFORD. 271 OTarrell— FurnUhed front suite
and eingle rootrs. S2 week up: transient.
POWELL. 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rms.. en eulte or «ln.; baths; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rocme. per eight. Sic to $1 60; week, 12 to
$S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooxoa with hot and cold water; baths.
¦HERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
•ear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
ICENA Houee and saloon, 410-412 Broadway—
Moet elerantly furnished sunny rooms In lo-
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
SEVENTH. 304. nr. Folsom— Unfurnished; 2
nice clean sunny rooms; connected etove; sink,
bath; tubs; $9; call afternoons.
STOCKTON. 222— The Ottlngton— Few choice
buites 2nd several small rooms; cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and Fubscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore. et.
XIWIM AM* lllltKH.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
sen-Ice; popular rates. S07 California et.
HAIGHT. 226— Newly furnished large front
room, dressing-room, with running water;
cood board; private; gas; bath; private
phone.
PINE. 1Z2 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nlehefl eunny rooms, en eulte & single; board.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH, S12 Eddy— Nicely furnished eunny
front rooms, en suite, eingle; excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; cpeclal rates to tourists. •
HOTEL Las Palmes, 1820 Market— Euites. 2 or a
. rooms, bath, connecting: bo&rfl ontinwi,
_ rnj ROOMg WASTED.
"WANTED— Furnished rooms without board in
best locality; elegantly furnished; mother and
eon. Box 4347. Call office. ' ' ¦
A LADY with a girl wishes room; child to be
cared for during the day; private. Box 4340.
Call office.
i GENTLEMAN desires room, with or without
bath, .in a desirable locality; state price per
week and month. Box 3484. Call office.
__ SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted Into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1. 1901. to June 30. ISO!, the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls: Lillian Wolf, aged 8 yrs. 2 mos.; Hat-
tie Wolf, 13 yrs. 1 ma; Arthur Wolf, 5 yrs.
, fi mos.; Augusta Smith. 10 yrs. 10 mos.; Rosa
Blalne. 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Max Shloker, 6 yrs.
9 mos. ; Isidor Shloker. 5 yrs. 9 mos.; Hen-
i rietta Shloker. 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Alta Cohen, S
yrs. 5 mos. ; Annie Cohen, 6 yrs. 11 mos. : Lil-
i Han Cohen, 10 yrs. 4 mos.; Ruby Cohen, 7 yrs.
i 7 mr%.; Esther Schwarzbergr, 4 yrs. 1 mo.;
Estella Miller, 11 yrs. 11 mos.; George X
'• Miller, 10 yrs. 4 mos.: Rose Shapeero, 9 yrs.
9 mos. ; Ellas Shapeero. 7 yrs. 3 mos. ; David
Bhapeero, S yrs. 11 mos.; Ezra Shapeero, 3
yrs. 10 mos.; Abe Kamplnsky, 8 yrs. 1 mo.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. - PACIFIC COLLECTION
. • OO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
• ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
1 PIE^ra^Rol5o72pEr^toraee^a^id -^Iovlng~Co^
[ office Post and Powell 6ts. ; tel. Main 6713.
I GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 'Mis-
[ sion tt. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BE KINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
; PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving: Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore Ft.; phone Jackson 281.
• TVPEWUITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^ARG7^rS"TYPE\™TERS^We
pell better machines for' less money than any
; house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
• RENT a new Franklin typewriter for Jl week
and have your work in Eight. CUTTER
| TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trust;
• all makes; used machines, $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
' DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the board of directors of this bank, held July
2. 1PC1. a dividend was declared for the half
: year ending June 30, 19C1, at the rate of 7 per
1 cent per annum, payable on and after the
15th inst. Transfer books will be closed
\ from the Tth to the 15th lnst. both days in-
- elusive. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, consolidated — A dividend. No. 31, of
eeventy-flve cents (75c) per. share on the is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
declared payable at the office of the com-
pany, 435 California St., San Francisco, on
July 10. 1901. Transfer books close July 3,
1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 29 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, £27 Market St.. on and after,
WEDNESDAY. July 10, 1901. Transfer books
closed Saturday. June 29, 1901. at 12 o'clock
m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
' DIVIDEND Notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery St., Mills building — For the half
year ending; June 29, 1901. dividend on term
deposits at the rate of three and six-tenths
(I 6-10) per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1. 1901.
S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hlbernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
sts., San Francisco, June 2S, 1901— At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this day. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-eighth
<3%%) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending June SO, 1901, f*ee
from ail taxes, and payable on and after
July 1, 1S01.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
Ean Francisco. 23 Post St.— For the half year
ending June 30th. 1931. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three <3) per cent per
annum en all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY. July 1st, 1901.
GEORGE A. fiTORT. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary Ft.— The directors have declared a div-
idend of 3*4 .per cent per annum-on Its depos.-
tts, payable on and after July 1. 1901. -
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., July 1, 1901.— Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received at depot quarter-
master's office. Portland, until 10 a. m.. Pa-
cific time, and at Chicago. 12 m.. Central
time. 13th inst., for furnishing and delivery
of 2S0 standard carairy horses at Portland,
Forts Riley and Leavenworth, or other promi-
nent .railroad points, subject to an Increase
of 20 per cent. Preference given to animals of
domestic production, conditions of quality and
price being equal. United States reserves
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
or any part thereof. For further information
see Circular to Bidders or apply to quarter-
master at Portland or Chicago. Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked: "Fro-
posals for Cavalry Horses." and addressed to
Depot Quartermaster, Portland or Chicago.
~~ MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Abdalla El Murr. 24. Los Angeles, and
Helena El Murr, 21. Los Angeles.
David Davis, 42, Vallejo, and Sarah L.
Doxey. 31. 1122B Harrison street.
Damas A. Archambeault, 31. Dutch Flat, and
Mctha C. Volant, 26, Dutch Flat.
Leon J. Hillou. 27, 304 Montgomery avenue,
and Marie D. Candau, 22, 714 Broadway. .
Charles B. Kiler, 28, 3284 Mission street, and
Laura Mathewson, 23, Los Angeles.
Leslie A. Webber, 30. 824 Kearny street, and
Clara L. Gillooly. 30. Boston. .
August G. Boger, 26, San Jose, and Kate
Ruff, 22. San Jose.
John Manning, 38, Los Angeles, and Lavign
Carter, 33. Los Angeles.
Joseph Scola, 22, £18 Green street, and Louisa
Schenone, 23, U13 Kearny street.
Eduino Zenl, 33, Yorkville. Cal., and Fllo-
mena Leonardelli, 18. 628 Broadway.
William C. Howard, 21. 10 Dodge street, and
Gertie C. GHmore. 19, 1312 Devisadero street.
John J. Lambert, 21. 317 Third street, and
Tl!lie Nelson. IS. 317 Third street.
~BIBTHS—MARBIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with thename and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LANG — In Oakland. June 22, 1M1, to the wife
of William Lang, a son. .
MACKINTOSH— In this city, June 24, 1901. to
the wife of William C. Mackintosh, a daugh-
ter.
MOSTELLER— June 27, 1901, to the wife of D.
H. Mosteller, a son.
NATEM— In this city, July 3. 1901, to the wife
of E. W. Natem. a daughter.
MABBIED. '
FLYNX— FLTXX- In this city, June 23. 1981,
by the Rev. D. O. Crowley, Bernard J. Flynn
of Missoula, Mont., and Cecil Genevieve
Flynn of San Francisco.
FOX— CAPWELL— In this city. July 2, 1901.
by the Rev. Walter M. White. Benjamin F.
Fox of Watsonvllle and Jennie Capwell of
Ferndale, Humboldt County.
ROSSI— HAGG— In this city, July 1, 1901, by
the Rev. A. J. Rodell, Alberto Itcssl and
Victoria Hagg. both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Amos. John Kenna, Mamie E,
Bos chen, C. Henry ' Ludolph, Richard
Dieves, Joseph P. McCarthy, Cornelius
Downing. Mathew Maloney, Edward J.
Eaton. Agnes Mulloy, Mnry
English. John M- Jr. - Petersen, John
Fkv, Philip S. Price, Georze
Harrison, Benjamin Eegord. Annie M.
Herterran. Helen M. Sexton, John
Hesslon, Robert H. Steiger, Ellen
Hushes. Mamie Strickland. Mn. A.
Jesse, George R. Wagner, Philip .
Joseph, Augusta
- ¦
AMOS— In the City and County Hospital, July
3. 1901. John Amos, - a native of England,
a~ed 32 years.
BOSCHEN— In Vacaville, June 29, 1901, C.
Henry Boschen, beloved brother of John
Boschen, a native of Germany, aged 35 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
cyFrlen-is and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
ibuccessor to Flannagan & Gallagher.*
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FCXERAL DIRECTORS AND.EMBALMEK3.
td fltth at., opposite Lincoln taettooL.
¦ . Telephone South 80.
rSigene^lcGmT 1> "~ l "^~15cGlNTr i SRO3r
>- -Funeral Directors and Embalmers, •
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 2S2. . San Francisco.
Kn Connection With Any Other House,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this . day
(Thursflay). at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighth and Harrison streets. ','¦:
DIEVES— In Oakland, July 2. 1901. Joseph P..
beloved husband of Lillian Dleves. father of
Joseph A.. Charles I. and William Dleves
and Mrs. J. Parsons, and brother of Isaac
Eurryhne, a native of Germany, aged 64
years and 6 months. . ' ¦ ¦
Cy Friends ; and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temole, corner Twelfth and Washington
streets, Oakland. Services under the aus-
picea cf Eden Lodge No. 113, F. and A. M.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
DOWNING — In this city, July 2. 1901, Ma-
thew, beloved husband of Margaret Downing,
and father of Richard, Annie and Llllie
Downing, ths late James and Charles J.
Downing and the late Sifter Mary Cecelia
of the Order of Mercy, a native of Ireland,
ared 78 years. . . . .
(C^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 142 Russ street, between Howard
and Foleom, Sixth and Seventh, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass
¦will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
. at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. '
EATON— In the City and County Hospital,
July 2. 1B01. Agnes Eaton, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 36 years.
ENGLISH— In Oakland. July 1. 1901. John M.
English Jr., beloved eon of John M. and
' Manuellta T. English, and brother of Fred
B. and Ada M. English and Mrs. John Irwin
Jr.. born In Alameda County, California,
aged 25 years and 2 months.
inyTTie funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Francis de
Sales Church, corner of Grove and Hobart
streets. Interment private.
FAY— A month's mind mass will be eaidfor
the repose of the soul of the late Philip S.
¦ Kay at Sacred Heart Church to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 8:30 o'clock. Friends are respect-
fully Incited to attend. _^
HARRISON— On board Sierra, June 8. 1901.
Benjamin Harrison, beloved husband of the
late Helene G. Harrison, and father of Mrs.
Captain Hansen, Mrs. . C. W. Jones and Ben-
jamin Harrison, a native of the United
States, aged 52 years arid 7 months. Mem-
ber Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association
No. 35.
E7"The funeral will take place Saturday,
July 6, 1901, at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montfromery avenue.
Interment private. . '
HEFFERNAN— In this city, July 3, 1901, Helen
M., beloved daughter of Joseph and Essie
Heffernan, and sister of Raymond and Frank
Heffernan, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 months and 25 days.
HESS1ON— In this city, July 2, 1901.
H., beloved husband of Louise Hesslon, and
son of .Johanna and the late Michael Hes-
sion. a native of San Francisco. A member
of Alcalde Parlor No. 154, N. S. G. W.. and
Manzanita Grove No. 106, U. A. O. D.
• EFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-.
dence, 2542 McAllister street, thence to Star
of the Sea Church, where a solemn requiem
¦ mass will be celebrated for the repose 'of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUGHES-In this city. July 3. 1901, Mamie,
dearly beloved daughter of the late John and
Mary Hughes, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years and 23 days.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
JESSE— In this city, July 2, 1901, George R.,
beloved husband . of Camilla F. Jesse, and
father of D. Grey Jesse, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 70 years 5 months and 4 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 229 Page street. Interment private,
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOSEPH— In this city. July 2. 1901, Augusta
Joeeph, beloved daughter of the late Mrs..
Lizzie Wolf, mother of David and Robert
Joseph, and sister of Abe, Morris, David and
Joseph Wolf, Mrs. L. M. Haimes and Mrs.
Bessie Isaacson, a native of New York, aged
48 years.
ET'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. Fu-
neral private. Please omit flowers.
KENNA— In this city, July 3, 1901, Mamie E.,
beloved 'laughter of Patrick and the late
Anna Kenna, and sister of Nellie, Willie and
John Kenna and Mrs. J. E. Moore, a native
of San Francisco.
tC^Notlce cf funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
LUDOLPH— In this city, July 2, 1901, Richard
Ludolph, beloved brother of Mrs. John Ros-
enbrock and Mrs. William Wauck. a native
of Germany, aged 37 years and 11 days. "-.-
IE?" Remains at the rarlcrs of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street,- between Seventh
and Eighth. • .
MCCARTHY— In this city, June 30. 1901. Cor-
nelius J., dearly beloved. son .of .Maria and
the late Florence McCarthy, brother of John
K., Nellie, Josephine, Ed<2v and Charles Mc-
Carthy, and grandson of Mrs. Ellen Burdett,
a native of San Francisco, aged '26 years o
months and 11 days. • — _;*
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thurfcday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 316 Chestnut street, between Dupont
and Stockton, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a vleran recuiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MALONEY— In this city, July 2, 1901, Edward
John, beloved son of the late -Thomas and
Margaret Maloney. and brother of William,
George, Mary and James Maloney, Mrs. W.
F. Healy and Mrs. George Sherrett, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 5 months and
1 day. A member of Painters' Union No. 73.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 91 Manchester street, thence . to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress
Cemetery.
MULLOY— In this city. July 3, 1901, Mary,
relict of Daniel Mulloy, and dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. F. C. Mollet. Mrs. S. J. Mal-
colm and Dennis. Charles and. the late Dan-
iel Mulloy, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land, asred DS years 11 months and 2?. days.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full/ Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at & o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3S27 Twenty-first street, near Castro,
thence to St. Jair.es Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
r;pose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In this city, July 2, 1901, John
Petersen, a native of Sweden, aged 59 years.
PRICE— In this city, July 1. 1901. George Price,
an cx-arivate of Company G, Forty-eighth
Infantry. U. S. V., a native of Carlisle, Ky.,
aged 23 years and 8 months.
{T7"The DUblic in general and soldiers are
respectfully invited to attend the . funeral
to-morrow (Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from
Zion A. M. E. Church, 805 Stockton street,,
near Clay. Interment National Cemetery.*
Remains at the parlors of the California Un-
dertaking Company, 405 Powell street, near
Post.
SEGORD— In this city. July 2. 1901, Annie M..
beloved wife of James M. Seerord, and be-
loved mother of Mary S., Christine M., Annie
A. and James J. Segord, a native of Ire-
land. * ¦ • . -¦
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 71 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick'B Church,, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
SEXTON— In this city, July 2, 1901. John Sex-
ton, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
STEIGER <nee HARMAN)— In this city. July
1. 1901. Ellen, beloved wife of Andrew C.
Bteigtr. mother of Myrtle and RusBell Stel-
ger, daughter of Sarah and the late Wil-
liam Harman, and sister of William, Frank,
George and Sadie Harman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years 11 months' and 20
days. . » -
IC7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 2904 Sixteenth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
STP.ICKLAND— In Oakland. July 3. 1901. at
812 Oak street, Mrs. Annie M. Strickland,
mother of C. O. Strickland, a native cf
Illinois, aired tS years.
WAGNER— In the City and County Hospital,
July 3. 1901. Philip Wagner, a native of Ger-
many, aged 79 years.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
! CALIFOREU HORTHIESTEBB RL Ca
LESSEE
i SAN FRANCISCO AND KOHTH PACIFIC
railway company. .
; Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market SI
San Francisco to San Rafael.
! WEEK* DAYS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.: II :M.
1:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— £xtra trips at 1:30
and ll:K> p. m. •
SUNDAYS— J:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;- 1:30, 3:10.
»:00. 1:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50. »:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:43.
1:40, 6:16 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:Si
and C:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40.
6:05. <:2S p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arriv* •
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. J days. I Dertlnatlon. I days. [ Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato.. 10:40am 8:40am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
. 7:10 am 'Windsor. > 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg- 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyaerville.
t:t0pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:*3 am
8:30 pml 8:0(1 am| and Ukiah. | 7^33 pm| 6:10 pm
7:10 am ~ r ~~ 10:40 amjl0:2S am
8:00 am Gnernevllle. 7:35 pm
<:S0 pm 6:00 pm ' | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ». ml 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen -Ellen. | 6:05 pml 6:20 pm
7:10 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
1:30 pml 6:00 pm| SebastopoL I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skagga Sprinjcs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs,- Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter ! Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's.
Banhedrtn Heights. Hullville, Orr^s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal. WlUits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotta
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday >trund trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
- ' ¦ Building. • 7 "
H. C. WHITING." "' R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
RAH. WAY TBAVEL.
Cheap Rates
East**
Santa Fe
The places, the rates for
1 -the round trip and tha
dates of sale are belo-w.
The other details can ba
had of the Santa Fe agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
July 3, 4; Aug. 22, 23;
V y Sept. 5, 6.
CHICAGO, $72.50 > ; \
July 20, 21. .} .
CINCINNATI, S76.50
June 30 and July 1.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
: . Sept. 5 and 6.
COLORADO SPRINGS* $55
July 8 and 9.
DETROIT, $82.25 '
July 1 and 2.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50.
Aug. 2O and 21.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
The best service and the
. pleasantest way' is fur-
nished by the
Santa; Fe
£41 MARKET ST.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEt
AND SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS^-«:65. 8:30. «»:38. 11:00 a. m_
12:45 *1:45 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. •6:15. 8:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »3:00. »10:00. U:00. 11:30
a m 12:45, *l:30. 2:30. *3:4S. 6:(KX 8:00. 7:30
pi m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) ran to San QQentln.
FROM SAN HAFAEI, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:33. 10:15
a m.. »12:25. 1:15. 2:20. »3:3S. 4;40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :15. •SrtO. »:45. ni:0O a. rn.. «1J
m.. 1:00, 2:1S. «3:S0. 4:30. 'S:**. S:43. 7:30. 10:10
P 'Trains marked (•> »tart from San Qnentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:J0
a nr. 12:35. 1:45. 2:43. S:M. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 T>. no.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. n>.. 12:13*.
1-20 2:3C. 3:45. B:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:S0 p. n>.
' ' THROUGH TRAINS.
(:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
sis p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
i 5:15 p. m. week days < Saturdays except ed)—
Tomales and way rtattons.
8 a. m Sundays— Ctsadero and way nations
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
STATES BRANCH. ST/\.TEyV\EINTT
SXATE/VllBINX _o F the—
_ofth E _ CONDSTION AND AFFAIRS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS ;.-° PTHE -
imilvIlCIfl UllU ; INSURANCE COMPANY
T» rr 0 tf V\9 • -¦ • Ch F NEW YORK, in the State of Xew Tork,
(• 1 **^^>*J H ?^^*rv "the 31st day of December, A. D. 1300. and
I ft M 15 BH 3 i HH MfifQ for the year ending: en that day, as made to
I I i I 1 a B D Lj II H E H STi the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
A I Jl &>*• m.a a. Ail JL il ii vgf California, pursuant to the provisions ot sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
INSURANCE COMPANY SoLr? per blank turnUhed by *' Com '
CAPITAL.
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELL.E. Germany, on the Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Slst day of December. A. D. 1900, and .for Cash Jl. 000,00* 00
the year ending on tbat day. as made to the . ASSETS -
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call- Estate owned by Company 1430.000 00
fornla pursuant to the Provisions of Sections Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 3.500 00
610 and Gil of the Political Code, condensed as Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Der blank furnished by the Commissioner. Bonds owned by Company 2.251,573 75
¦ v, »™^a i Cash in Company's Office 63.978 74
ASSETS. •' cash in Banks 83.093 67
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and ln i ere , st du * T and accrued on *" ,. _, j*
Bonds owned by Company J, 41.527 50 Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Cash in Company's Office..... 40 OS and Mortgages 14 SS
Cash in Banks..' 75,343 66 Premiums in due Course of Collec-
Interest due and accrued on all tlon 240.077 40
~f i t^,-^- o«ft oa Rents due and accrued 1.443 33
Stocks and Loans... \1"'"' 92 ° °° Due from other Companies for re-
Premiums in due course of Collec- . insurance on losses already paid.... 8,940 83
tlon • S5.70O47 ¦
Total Assets $3,108,305 70
Total Assets , J913.533 71 . - —
== LIABILITIES.
LIABILITIES. Losses adjusted and unpaid $132,867 8<
Losses adjusted and unpaid: J3.84S 03 aSOt .™ i ™™™\Z Kmss
Losses in process of Adjustment or Losse's resisted, including expenses.. 13.847 20
in Suspense 45.540 S3 Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. • 4,640 99 ninir one year or less. $1,227,925 62; :
rrnss Dremiums on Fire Risks run- • reinsurance 50 per cent. ............. 613,962 81
Gross premium* « premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. J4S2.433 25. ning more than one year, 11.292,-
re-Insurance 60 per cent : 241,219 62 134 76; reinsurance pro rata 714.373 51
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- All other Liabilities 51.362 40
SiKSSSiS^SSS nu. . «¦> lip -.ass.
All other llabllltiea 16.029 26 .. INCOME.
... ,. :. -.._„_ .. Net cash actually received for T1r«
Total Liabilities $437,815 00 premiums $1,720,597 2S
' ,„„_ ¦ Received for Interest on Bonds and ;
INCOME. . Mortgages 173 00
*>t cash actually received for Fire Received for interest and dividends
premiums • $342,618 61 on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
Ti«-elved for interest and dividends all other sources 89,158 85
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from Received for profit on Bale of securl-
all other sources.. 23,552 24 ties... ; 27.802 54
Received from all other sources 10.410 27 2a ' 189 *°
Total Income : $576,579 12 Total Income .$1.862.923 05
• ¦ EXPENDITURES. T EXPENDITURES.
»» J ¦.„„„„( nnljl for Fir* Ln««M Net" amount paid for Fire Losses
taxes - 18,662 S7 taien *)L9(n ¥1
All other payments and expenditures 54.140 72 A ,f "heY "paVmenta and expendltuYe^i lktal Ttf
. Total Expenditures $606.370 43 Total Expenditures .$1,931,334 2S
'.--.;>K Fire. • . rir( .
Losses Incurred during the year...... $356.929 C9 Losses Incurred . during the year $1.178.023*60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks Nct am ount of Risks
•written during - the twMtwTa written during the
year •••¦•••¦•¦ Ja9. 521.885 $766,359 o5 year $228,988,190 $2,340.886 63
Net amount of Risks ;_... _. Net amount of Risks
expired during the „,,,._ expired during the
year 49.61S.425 632.514 55 yeaP _. 192.083.905 2.042,358 60
Net amount, in force „ -,,.««« Net amount in force
December 31. 1000 54.878.21a 713,262 09 December 31. 1S00 251,501,175 2,579.960 38
SAM R.' WEED (of Weed & Kennedy). CHAS. A. SHAW, President.
... Manager. ~v> JOS. McCORD, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
flay of January. 190L F. FISHBECK. day of January, 1901. •
.. Notary Public. < WM. BATES, Notary Public
CESAR BERTHEAU-- Pacific Coast Manager,
ALFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager,
•MARTIN RASCHEN and GUS MESSINGER, Managers City Department.
Office— 423 CALIFORNIA STREET,
,: V : SAN FRANCI9CQ, CAL.
t :,:>- BAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN
ii krvcir
WT fm I j I B B ft i
IB II W IV
RATES
FOURTHJF JULY,
Tickets on. sale 3d and 4th.
Good returning until the 8th.
Every Important City — Every
Important Resort in California-
reached at these reduced rates
via
Southern Pacific.
GREAT CELEBRATION IN
..SACRAMENTO THIS YEAR.
"¦ • ..
Inquire 613 Market St., or near-
- est Agent.
¦ - • • ¦ • . . . . «
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tmlaa Inuf kikI hit •!••«• »« nrrlf* ••»
MAM-rttAMUINVO. '.
(MainUrie. Foot of Market Streel)
X.BAYE — Frou Jp;:e IS. 1301. - — 1»>iti
7iO«A Bonida, .Sniauji, Klmiiu. Vaca»ille,
llufcisej *u<i rticriiiuento 6:*"Sr
?iSOa Martinez, Situ Kaintm, Viillejo. >'»p»,
Ualistvu* ami .Santa Uuaa «:35p
SsOOa Daria. Woodland. Kniynta Leading.
MkTystille. Oroiilta. 7i3-iF
S:O«A Atlautiu Kipress— Og<len and East JX:23r
N:u»a NUes, Lathrjp, Stockton 4>34r
»»<»O.»Nile3, Mi-mluM, Uacfcxd. Visalia,
Porterville 4:33»
S:30a Shasta Ei-jreas— Daris, Williams (for
. Bartlett Springs), Willows. Red
Bluff, Portland. T:55r
•i3»* Sau Jose, Lliermore, Htockton. . -
lone. Sacrament". HucerTiiia,
M»ij»»Mh, Chico, KalHluiT «>33p
•iS«a Oakdale. Chinese (Yoaemlte). So- .
nora. Carter* 4l:23p
D:OOa Hay ward. Miles and Way Station*.. • ls»».\
•t«OA Vallejo l»:23p
WiOOA Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Latlirop, Stockton, Air reed
Vre*i>o and Los Aiu»!es 7:33p
•iS*A Vallrtu. Martinez »¦••! VVwy Stations - tiSSf
IOiOOa Th« Overland Limited— Ogdeo, Den-
?er, Ouiaba, Uhic&f').. ............ H*ft3p
fI:O0p Sacramtmto Itlter Hleaniera fr>:l><».v
StSOp HajwurJ. NUei and W»» Station!.. 7:33p
4i«ttp Urulcla, Winters. rtacrainonto. -
V/ midland. Knivl.ta Lauding.
llaryaillle, Orotille ' I V:S3a
4!*«r Martiuex. Mail lUmon. Vallejo.
Nana, (.VlUtoi;*. HanU Itoia «»i».Vv
. 4t99r Nile*, Li»ennore, Stockton, Lodl... 12.*3*
4iU»r-Htywird. Mie*. saiiJiMo. Ltormoro MUM*
4 :30p Port Cos a. Ti«cy. L&throp, sitnekton 1 <»:25.v
3:WUrTlie Owl Muiitod-Fiesuo, Tulare.
BakersBeld. rtaiigiis (or Santa Itar-
bars, l.os Angeles 8:33\
5:00? Mirtlu'z. Anticch, Stockton, Mer-
oed. Fresno l!l:23>
SsO«p Toaemita ltfiSS*
StSOr New Orleans Expre-» — Mendota,
Fresno, Bakeniieid, Los Angeles.
D.miiiK, £1 Faso, New Orleana
and E.st 7MSA
OiOOp Ilayttwd. Nile* and .S*:i Joae 7:3.1*
tOiOnr Talleju....: Ill :23a
OtttttrOrieutal Mall— Ogden. CUeyenna.
Omaha, Chlotfro 12:23?
6:00* Oriental Mail— Ogden. Dent er.
St. Louis. Chicago. l:S3p
7:OOr Oregon and California Kx|>r«sw,Haa.
rameutii. Marynvillo. Kaddlng.
rortlan.l. fngct Noiu.d anil Kask 11:35a
»!»3r San Pablo. Port C'o«ta, Martinez
ami Way Htatloiis.... 11:23a
t^:03p Vallfjo '«i33p
COAST L.INE Harrow U««k«).
(Kootot Market Street.) • -
J7i43a Santa Cnu Excursion lo Hanta Cms
aud Prinoipil Way Stations J*:05p
'8:13* Nevrark.«.V 1 it«r»llltf,.San JoBe.Kelton,
Uoulder Crrek.San ta Cruz ami Way
HUtioun. »:3Or
tailSp Newark, Oi.terTllIx. 8a» .lose. Nnw
Aluaileu. r»ltou. ISonlrier Creek.
Santa Ciuz ami l'riudpal W»f
Stations j. Iwi3w*
4il3p Newark. Man Jose, I™ Gatos t"'***
e4iI3pGlenwond.BonlderCre«k.3aptaCrom «»:3»a
/CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Froa SIS mXCISCO-FMl «f Xukit Street (Slip SV-
17:15 9:00 11:00*. si. 1:03 3-50 S:15r.».
7rta01IUIIB— rnlilBiudn;.- 1«:00 J3:OO tstfj
10:00*. ¦¦ 12:03 g:C3 1:03 r.M.
COAST L.INE (ISros.i .tange).
(Third and Tovrnacn.l Sts.)
«iio* 8an Jose «nd VViystatiuni. ...... ~ *'»»f
i7:*Oa Han Jnm ami Way St»tl»na ¦>*«•
/7i»»A New Alnnitlcii /4:10r
1?i80a Sunday Kicuraiun for San Jcm,
Haut* Cm*, pjcifio Grore and
Principal Way Sutions. JSiSOp
StOwA Hau JiMe. Tres linns. M.mU ('rnx.
1'aoiMe Ur«T«. i-alinis. Han Lnu
Obispo, Santa Earbara ami Prin*
dp»l intermediate Stations 7<3op'
1O>3»A. Ban Jose and Way Station,. 4il«p
II<SWa Saw Jostfaixl Way Mtutious 3i:i«»p
fS: ••>? San Matro, Uedwowl. ile'jb Park.
Palo Alto. HanU Clara, Ha.i Jnae.
Tres Pinos. .Santa Cruz. Sa'.loas,
Monteiojr ami l'acilic (JruTa (Iw:43a-
H:3»r «an Jose and Way .Stations 6::h«a
fislSr 8au Jooeainl Principal Way Station* »:43a
|3:OOrSan Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
WaySUUoos 1*>O«i
SiSOp Han JoM>an<l principal Wsy HUtiont 8>38a
•¦OOr IUdwo^d. Man Joia GCmy. Saliaaa.
Santa Barbara, Lon Angeles 1O:0i>a
«:«Or Del Monte. Monterey, Pacific Gro»e, ' -' -
Looopoo IOiOOa
«t»*r San Jose aud Way Stations | »:«<>*
all:43p Sail Josaand ATay Sutions 7»30p
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
t Sunday excapted. t Sunday only,
a 8«tnrday only. « Monday.
. c HstnrdAy >n \ 3on3ay. . / Tnetdiyt and Fridays.
Santa Fe Trains ;,
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
. - I Local lUra'dlOvrTdl L,3eal
| DaUy | * I Dally | Dally
Ly. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 1:13 p
" Merced . 12:22 p 1:17 p 3:13 & 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10 50 p
" Hanford . 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia .. 3:49 p 4:4S a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•~ Kins. Cy 2:40 a 7:30 a ........
•• Chicago ......... 2:13 p \ 8:00 p
. a for morninir. ¦ p for afternoon. •
•9:00 a. m. train 13 the California Lim-
ited, learlnr Monday and Thursday only.
carryinK Palace Sleeping Cars and D.nlnc
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
flfft-class passensfr*. No ?»cond-cla»i
ticket* honored on thN train. CorTespond-
lrte train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
FrMay. - •
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express. w!t*»
thronjrb Palace »nd To»'rl«tt Sleep-rs and
Free Eecllnlre Chair Cars to Chli-ajro:
also Palace Sleeper, wnlph cots • out at
Freono. Coirespondlns train arrives a^ 5:53
p. rn. daily.
7:20 a. m. l« 'BaTcer«fletd T^o<*«t. stopnin?
at all *>o!nt* Ii Pan Joaairin Valley. Cor-
'T»«^n(lln)r tr»«n nrriven nt S:40 <».. m.
Office*— «41 MarVet t«tr^«t «nrt In F»rrr
Per">t, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
Tond.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sau^allto Ferry— Foot of Market St.
Leave San Fran. Arrive San Fran,
9:30a.m.! WEEKDAYS 3:35p.m.
1:45 p. m. V Stay over nisht at the 5:55 p.m.
4:13 p. m. J TAVERJf. 8:43 a. m.
8:00 a.m. 1 " 12:13 p. on.
9:C0a.xn. .' . 1:15 p.m.
10:00 a. m. l SUNDAYS ....... 3:30 p. m.
Jl:S0a. m. •' 4:30p.m.
1:30 p. rn. . 5:30 p. m.
2:30 p m.J "• 7:10 p.m.
On Thursday, July 4. trains •will run an Sun-
day time. Fare, San Francisco to Summit and
Return. $1.40. Ticket Offices. E21 Market St.
and Sacsalito Ferry. - . ¦-
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEAB5Y ST. Established
In 1S54 for the treatment nf I'rlvute
Diseases. IyMt Mar. hood. Debility or
disease wearlnjrnn body and nilixl and
Skin Disenses. The Doctorcnreitwlien
others fail. Try him. t'bar^i-s low.
fnr«»«8ruari»nte'«"d. Call ot write.
Dr. J. I 1 . OIBBOX. «an Francisco. CaL ;
Weekly Gall, $1 per YearSOME OF THE COMMITTEE OFFICERS WHOSE WORK HAS INSURED A FITTING CELEBRATION OF THE NA"-
TION'S BIRTHDAY AND WHO WILL BE PROMINENT IN THE PARADE AND IN THE LITERARY PRO
GRAMME TO BE GIVEN THIS EVENING IN METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
. ¦ ¦ . - 4 - ' ¦ . ' .*
The Crystal Hot - Sea ] Baths.
.Tubs • and ¦ swimming-. * Best- tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion.' J Bay st.V near PowelL •
William P. Bolan of the First Cali-
I)EATH RESULTS FBOM
FRACTURED SKULL
fornia Found Dying in Bart-
lett Alley.
William P. Dolan, a member of^ Com
pany M, First California Regiment,
was found yesterday morning about
2 -o'clock : in . an unconscious condi
tion in the doorway of 27 Bartlett alley,
Chinatown. • He was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital and died about three hours
later. Pinned to his vest was a badge of
the regiment with the company and name."
Relatives, who reside at 407 Oak street,
Identified the remains. • ¦ . - ~ v
Policemen Hackett and' Ca'yott were at-~
tracted to the spot by a police whistle.
They found Harry Tremble, a boy living
at Montgomery avenue and Vallejo street,
bending over Dolan,' and William A. Mas
sey, 311 Grant avenue, standing beside the
boy.~ | Massey said j he thought some one
had struck Dolan on the head. ' The of
ficers found'a slight abrasion on the back
of the head. . - * .,.
From:Massey's statement Captain Sey
mour thought that Dolan might have been
foully dealt'. with, and he detailed Detec
tive Crockett on the case. He brought
Tremble and Masseyto police headquar
ters, and both said they were so- drunk
they did not know anything. ¦ They saw
the man lying in the doorway, and some
one : blew a police whistle. Massey . said
he did not recollect saying that some one
had struck Dolan. -. -
¦ The -police came to. the conclusion that
Dolan had been in the. house and on com
ing out missed a step and fell. Dr. Gian
nini made an autopsy on the body at the
Morgue and found that death was caused
by a fracture of the opclpital bone, but
as there was no laceration of. the scalp,
which; would .be produced by a weapon,
he thought the. fracture might have been
caused by a fall. ,\
: . ¦; ¦ ,. '"_ — ¦ ? ¦
Verus cures piles or 550 reward. AIl.up-'
to-date druggists sell and Guarantee it.'* ". "
Low Bound-Trip Rates "West-Bound
for Home-Seekers.
One limited fare, plus $2, from the East
to California, and return, via Southern
Pacific, on home-seekers' excursions, semi
monthly, this summer. Southern Pacific
agents will be glad to furnish free Cali
fornia literature for Eastern friends. and
accept deposits for tickets. Short Mine
from all the principal Eastern cities.
Tourist excursions personally conducted.
Call on nearest agent Southern Pacific
The Board of Fish Commissioners re
ports the arrest and conviction of H. L.
Brown and J. A. Randall of Dunsmuir on
b. charge of violating the law passed, by
the recent Legislature which forbids the
purchase or sale of trout less than a half
pound in weight. The poachers have been
seriously injuring the fishing in that sec
tion of the country and the apprehension
of the culprits Is gratifying to sportsmen.
Game Law Violators Caught.
LIGHT CONCERNS
ARE EXEMPTED
The national salute will be fired at noon
from the military posts around the har
bor and from the ships In the -bay. It
will be the Fourth of July salute to the
flag and will differ from the ordinary na
tional salute in this, that instead of twen
ty-one guns being fired there will be one
for each State in the Union. This is the
real salute to the flag and is fired at all
military posts in the country and by all
saluting ships at noon on -the Fourth.
The Day's Pleasures.
In the way of pleasure the day will be
rendered, which among other things will
include an oration by Robert P. Troy and
a poem by Charles D. South, which will
be read by Robert Downing. The reading
of the Declaration of -Independence has
been asigned to Bruce Cornwall, vice
of the literary committee.
Thomas W. Hickey, chairman of the lit
erary committee, will act as president of
the day. '
The fireworks will be held at Sixteenth
and Folsom streets and in Washington
square. The exhibitions will, commence
.at 8:30 o'clock. A large proportion of the
allowance for the celebration has been de
voted to fireworks, and it is expected that
the two displays will include many new
and beautiful features.. .
City May Not Sell Fran
chise to Highest
Bidder.
Attorney Gartland of the Board of
Works states that in the application of
the Standard Company for a permit it did
not specify what kind of fluid It vwas in
tended to supply. If a new application is
filed stating that the company, desires to
furnish electricity for illuminating pur
poses only the permit will be granted un
der the City Attorney's opinion.
On the other hand. If the Standard Company
Is. an electric lighting company, whose busi
ness it is to furnish electric light, and which
wishes to enter into competition with existing
electric lighting companies In the furnishing
of light to the people of San Francisco, there
Is no necessity for a franchise from the muni
cipality. It Is given the privilege of entering
the city, and using the streets : by the consti
tution itself. -
It ia not to be understood that the Board
of Supervisors may not limit by reasonable
regulation the use of the streets by, electric
light companies. This city has already de
termined that within the fire limits all elec
tric light wires shall be underground, and it
could Htill further extend this district, I have
no doubt. It can regulate the number, of poles
that may be erected ¦ by any company in • a
block and the height and character of such
poles.
City Attorney Lane Informed the Board
of Works yesterday that It has the power
to grant the petition 'of the Standard
Electric Distributing Company, of which
Prince Poniatowskl is president, for the
erection of poles outside of the fire limits.
In his opinion Lane declares that the
charter conflicts with the State constitu
tion as to the granting of franchises for
furnishing electric light in San Francisco.
He says the provision" of the charter re
quiring competitive bidding and payment
of a percentage of the gross receipts in
granting franchises. to lighting companies
is unconstitutional. The opinion says:
It does not . follow that . the ¦ charter is un
constitutional as to power companies. ' On the
contrary, assuming, this matter of regulating
the granting, cf- franchises -to vbe'one properly
within the"purview of a~ municipality charter, .
I am of the opinion that the provision of the
charter , above quoted Is thp - law which ' gov
erns the granting of a. franchise to an electric
power ' company. It would therefore.be beyond
the oower of the Board of Public Works to
grant a permit for the erection of poles upon
the streets used by an electric power company
in the absence of a frajxAIse granted by the
Board of Supervisors In the manner laid down
by the charter. ¦ ¦
Sierra for Honolulu.
The steamship Sierra will sail Saturday,
July €. at 2 p. in., for Honolulu only, tak
ing the trio of the ZeaJandia, which is de
layed in Honolulu on account of the ma
chinists' strike. The Sierra. will return to
San Francisco in time to takfc up her
regular run to Australia, sailing August L
A testimonial concert was tendered last
evening to the Dominican Sisters 'by the
residents of the Sacred Heart parish on
the occasion of the sisters retiring from
the parochial, School, where they have
taught for the last eight years.' ' ; /-
The concert was given at Native Sons',
Hall, and the large attendance testified to
the appreciation, by the parishioners of
th e_untirlng work of the sisters. ' .
Thomas H. Falloni chairman of the
committee in charge of the concert, deliv
ered a short address; and referred in elo
quent words to- the labors of the Domin
ican Sisters in the cause of parochial edu
cation. Harry I. Mulcreavy -rendered a
tribute to. the sisters, and in. the name of
the parishioners extended thanks. to them
and hoped .that they would again be lo
cated in the Sacred Heart parish to take
charge of the education of the children. .
Father Lagan, who is in charge of the
parsh, stated after, the -concert that the
Pfifh -school had been closed as the
building was -unsuitable for school pur
poses. It .was learned that the parishion
ers had purchased 1 the old Sutro resi
dence, corner of Fillmore and Hayes
streets, for the purpose of establishing a
parochial school there/but that the build
ing was again on the market. :•«
Many of- the ladies of - the i parish ex-*
pressed deep regret last, evening at. the
departure of tire Dominican Sisters, and
declared that a fund of ?40,000'Would be
raised to erect a school if the sisters
would be given charge of. it. The sisters,
who have retired from the school of the
parish, will ' be connected In the future
with -the college at San: Rafael and other
parochial schools in' this city.
The programme of the concert presented
last; evening wasa pleasing one and was
participated in by. Miss May Stein, Miss
Marie Welsh, Paul , R. rBernhardt, Miss
Elizabeth McDonald, Miss Virginia Frary,
M rs- •& Ku eelberg,: Miss Gertrude Hop
kins. Miss Etta'Frazier,, Miss Rosamond
Meherin, William Wood and McCann's or
chestra. -A dance'was given- after • the
concert. • ,•>. v
Sacred Heart Parishion
ers Thank Domin-.
ican Sisters; '•
full to overflowing. The fights at Six
teenth and Folsom streets, with Moffatt
and Gardner as the principal attractions,
will take place in the afternoon. For
those who don't care for fights there will
be baseball. There will be golfing on all
the links, tennis at all the courts, cours
ing at the parks, harness racing at Oak
land and pony racing at San Mateo. The
yachts will all be out, for* one of the best
regattas of the year will be sailed. The
weather prophet has promised fair weath
er and a brisk west wind for them, and
some records may go glimmering before
the day is over. The rowers will seek
Lake Merritt, where a rowing regatta will
be held.
The Thistle Club will hold its annual
picnic and games at Shell Mound, and
every loyal Scot has been bidden to the
park to bring with him his pipes and his
kilts and to be ready to dance and disport
as in the days of good King James.
The Hibernians will seek . Schuetzen
Park, near San Rafael, where they will
have. Irish games and dancing and exer
cises. And from the city to the hills of
the bay counties and to all the parks
there will be an outflow of people who be
lieve in spending the nation's birthday
out under. the sky and among the trees
and. wild flowers.
SCHOOL CLOSING
CAUSES REGRET
ALTHOUGH it was a day ahead,
the air yesterday, and particu
larly last evening, reeked of
powder smoke and was filled
with the noise of bursting bombs
and firecrackers. Those who could not
wait were responsible for the preliminary
racket, but to-day every one will turn
loose and revel in all the noise a cltyful
can make when It tries.
The preparations for the Fourth of July
have made less stir this year than in the
past. The recent visit of the President
gave the city a premature jollification,
and the people have not quite got over it;
still the day will present all the attrac
tions a holiday in California always of
fers, and thererneed not be any looking In
vain for patriotism or for personal pleas
ure.
There will be a parade, for the Fourth
without a parade would be like a chil
dren's ChristrniiS without . the grav old
Santa Claus. It will be made up mostly
of military bodies and will not be long,
but there will be plenty of music and a
half-mile or so of uniformed men. It will
start from the corner of Battery and
Market streets at 10:30 in .the morning,
and it wilU pursue tho usual route up
Market to Montgomery, to California, to
Kearny, to Market, to Van Ness avenue
and up the avenue to Post street, -where
from a' reviewing stand Major General
Samuel B. M. Young, newly assigned to
the command of the Department of Cali
fornia, will review the column. Then the
troops will be oismlssed. The parade will
be handled by Grand Marshal Colonel
Charles Boxton.
During the afternoon there will be open
air concerts In Columbia square, Union
square and Washington square from 2 to
5, and in the evening there will be liter
ary exercises and fireworks.
literary Exercises.
The literary exercises will be held in
Metropolitan Temple, commencing at 8
o'clock. An excellent programme will be
The demand of the jobbing butchers that
the union cards displayed in restaurants
be taken down by 3 o'clock last Tuesday
afternoon, under penalty of a refusal on
the part of the jobbers to supply meat,
met with a general response. While in
a f,ew instances the restaurant men kept
up their cards, the majority of the 130
who had them at the time they were noti
fled returned them during the day. Some
of those who held out had laid in a sup
ply of meat for several days. In dis
tricts where union feeling runs strong the
cards were persistently retained.
Dr. Chalmers reported to the Health
Board yesterday that Market Inspectors
Jonltn* and McEnroe had quanantined
thirty head of slaughtered cattle, 104 sheep
and thirty hogs, brought here from Port
land, Or.,* by Charles Weiby in response to
an order from Chris Merchant, a Sixth
street butcher. Welby says that Mer
chant came to him ten days ago with the
story that the wholesalers had refused
him meat because he is a union butcher.
Welby agreed to get a carload of meat for
Mei chant from the Zimmerman firm In
Portland. When the meat arrived Mer
chant refused to accept the consignment,
claiming that he had no money. A large
portion of the meat was condemned and
Welby figures that he has lost several
hundred dollars. Welby believes that the
¦wholesalers, angered at the importation .of
meat from Portland, induced Merchant to
refuse it '¦¦
At the meeting last night of the execu
tive committee of the San Francisco La
bor Council it was decided to thoroughly
investigate the conditions surrounding
the controversy between the jobbing
butchers and the restaurant keepers. An
effort will be made to find out how many
union cards have been returned. What
is called an "unfair notice" will be issued
against such butchers as refuse to furnish
meat to restaurants displaying the union
card and who are most active in fighting
for the removal of the cards.
A delegation from the executive com
mittee visited several retail butchers dur
ing the afternoon, but no definite informa
tion was received, according to Secre
tary Rosenberg, except over the telephone
from one of the proprietors of the Mont
gomery Market, who responded that he
was ready to sell meat to any one who
had the money to pay for it, whether he
conducted a union restaurant or not. Ow
inj? to the intervening holiday the matter
¦will remain in abeyance until the regular
weekly meeting of the San Francisco La
bor Council to-morrow night at Pioneer
Hall, the newly selected meeting place.
Laundry Drivers' Union No. 20 has
elected the following officers: President.
George Long; vice president. A. Hovey;
recording secretary, J. R. Morrison;
financial secretary- J. Jordan; trustees—
D. Schumach, C. Packer, L. May; dele
pates to the Labor Council — W. R. Rob
erts. P. Tamony, T. Morrow.
John Kelly, secretary of Brass Molders'
Union No. 58, has been presented with a
gold watch and chain by his associates.
The presentation was made at the meet
ing last night and was followed by an in
teresting programme.
Secretary Louis Berg of the Beer Bot
tlers' Union has just returned from the
southern part of the State, -where he suc
ceeded In effecting the organization of af
f.Iiating unions in . Los Angeles and San
DIej?o. He reports that trade conditions
in that section are very satisfactory-
The District Council of Carpenters had
a banquet and jinks last night at 1133 Mis
sion street.
Detailed reports of the action taken by
the National Metal Trades' Association,
•with headquarters In Xew Tork. have just
been received by local members of the as
sociation. The report sets forth the ac
tion taken by those opposed to the de
mands of the striking Ironworkers. The
greater portion of the matter was
published in the telegraphic reports of The
Call on the mornings of June 12 and 13.
The Journeymen Plumbers, Gas and
Steam Fitters' Protective and Benevo
lent Society has unanimously adopted
the new constitution and by-laws of the
BuHding Trades' Council. Ten candi
dates were Initiated last night and four
teen applications received.
Cgx.of Oregon Meat Seized
by Two Local Health
Inspectors. \
Labor Leaders Plan to
Take Census of the
Restaurants.
HOLIDAY STOPS
ACTIVE INQUIRY
There is a shortage of $30,000 In the
United States Branch Mint in this city.
A thorough Investigation has been made
by Superintendent Leach and his chief
deputies, but up to this time no trace of
the missing money has been found. The
genral supposition is that the coin was
abstracted from the vaults by employes,
though the chief clerk holds the shortage
Is due to an error in bookkeeping.
The shortage was discovered last Fri
day by George E. Roberts, Director Gen
eral of the Mint, who, with three assist
ants, was sent out here from Washington
to make an annual inspection of the books
of the local institution. June 30 Is the last
day of the fiscal year and these agents
are expected to make a -searching Investi
gation into the affairs of the Mint with a
view toward finding discrepancies, if
there be any. In counting the money in
the vaults it was discovered that six bags
of gold, value'd at $5000 each, were missing.
Believing that a mistake had been made
in counting, the experts repeated their
task, with the same result.
Dimmick Says There Is an Error.
The news' of the shortage spread
throughout the Mint very rapidly and all
the employes were. sworn to secrecy. It
was thought that the discrepancy would
be traced to the bookkeeping department,
but it was found that the books tallied
with the reports of the various depart
ments.
Chief Clerk Dimmick was of the opin
ion that there was no shortage. He still
believes that the money is all accounted
for and that an error in bookkeeping has
brought about the trouble. If it is found
that $30,000 has been taken from the Mint,
Mr. Dimmick may be held, in a way, re
sponsible for the loss. It is understood
that it is his- duty to count the money in
the trays and in the vault at the close
of each, day and report his result to the
superintendent.
According to one of the employes of the
Mint, this .money could easily be ab
stracted from the vaults by a person who
had access to them. A sack of gold con
taining $5000 weighs about twenty-two and
a half pounds, and is no larger than an
ordinary sack of salt. This might be car
ried out under an overcoat and not missed
by reason of hundreds of similar sacks
being in the vaults.
Coin May Have Been Stolen.
Frank A. Leach, superintendent of the
Mint, said of the shortage when seen In
Oakland: "This is very mortifying to us
all. The inspectors had Just pronounced
our record for this year the best made by
any Mint in the history of the country.
"The allowable waste on this year's
coinage would have been about $157,000.
The actual waste was $3709. Now this dis
covery has cast a cloud over the year's
work.
"We discovered the shortage, six bags
'of gold, coin containing $5000 each, last
Saturday. Since then we have been work-
Ing on the theory that a mistake in mak
ing up accounts had occurred. We have
run down every conceivable clew of this
kind with no result,- and seem forced to
the conclusion that the coin has been
stolen. The shortage was discovered in
the secretary's, or 'working' vault. Its
contents were the last to be counted. All
the bullion weighed in correctly and the
coin in all the other vaults, amounting to
$85,000,000, checked up all right. There was
$25,000,000 in the secretary's -vault. It is
supposed to hold only $6,000,000 when full,
but we have been so overcrowded, owing
to the ¦ fact that the Sub-Treasury could
not take our -surplusage off our hands,
that the vault was piled full.
Impossible to Count at Glance.
"Owing to this fact it was impossible
to count the money at a glance, as Is the
case when the bags of gold are pigeon
holed, as is usually the case. For that
reason the loss of six bags might easily
pass unnoticed.
"But how that amount of coin could be
carried from the vault and then from the
building Is a mystery. There are three
ways in which it is remotely possible that
this, occurred. In the first place a mis
takemight have been made in paying out
some large sum. We sometimes make
single payments of a million dollars. It
seems hardly credible, however, with tho
checking and rechecking habitual in mak
ing these payments that an error of any
kind could have crept in.
"Then a few months ago the secretary's
vault became so full that its entire con
tents .were transferred to another vault.
The transfer was performed by our most
trusted men and a rigid tally was. kept
on every sack handled. I cannot see how
the money could have been taken at that
time.
Vault Constantly Watched.
! "The third possibility is, of course, that
some one went to the vault and took the
money. This again seems hardly rational.
Six bags of gold containing $5000 each is
a big, bulky load for any one to carry.
The vault is kept closed and under con
stant surveillance, and I donoUsee how
that amount in actual coin could have
been taken. While called the secretary's
vault, this is really the working vault, out
of which payments are made. There is
absolutely no clew and no suspicion, for
only the most j trusted and responsible
men connected with the Mint have access
to this vault."
>' There is at the present time more gold
in the Mint than at any other time In its
history. There is $60,000,000 in gold coin
stored In the two big vaults. The money
is in sacks of $5000 each. This vast sum
has accumulated during the last year by
reason of the heavy shipments of gold
from the Seattle assay office. The Alas
kan miners have been In the habit of tak
ing v their gold to the Seattle office and
there receiving a check or certificate for
the amount due them. This gold Is melt
ed and run Into bars and then sent down
to this city for minting. It then becomes
subject to.the order of the sub-treasury.
Bookkeeper Vainly Searches
for Error and Theft Is
Sum of $30,000 in Gold
Mysteriously Dis
appears.
HEAVY SHORTAGE
IN MINT FUNDS
FUN AND FIREWORKS TO CELEBRATE
THE NATION'S NATAL ANNIVERSARY
Soldiers Will Parade, Speakers Will Tell of Patriotism -and Glory,
Burning Powder Will Light the Heavens and Split the Ear,-
While Sport of All Kinds for the Multitude Will Be Provided
THE SAN FRAJ5TC1SCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 4,' 1901.
12
HOSPITAL RULE
IMPERILS LIFE
Patients in Emergency
.Cases Must Wait for
Dr. Bunnell.
Coroner Leland held an Inquest yester
day upon the body of George Price, the
colored soldier, who died July 1 from a
wound received by the discharge of a
pistol In the hands of Fred Bonnetti, a
clerk in Hirsch's store on Montgom
ery avenue. Price went into the store
with a\ fellow soldier to buy a revolver
of the same pattern as that of his friend.
The other soldier took a revolver out of
his hip pocket and handed it to Bonnetti
for examination. Bonnetti, forgetting
that men carry pistols usually loaded,
pulled the trigger and the bullet entered
the abdomen of Price and inflicted a
wound from which Price died.
Price was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital and was allowed to lie
for three-quarters of an hour bleeding in
ternally until I>r. Bunnell arrived to per
form the operation of laparotomy. There
is a standing rule at the Central Emer
gency Hospital that all capital operations
must be performed by the surgeon in
charge, who in this case was Dr. Bunnell.
The doctor was not at the hospital when
Price was brought there, and the man
wounded in the intestines was obliged to
wait, for three-cuarters of an hour be
cause of a rule that assumes the incom
petency of the surgeons except Dr. Bun
nell to perform capital operations.
The jury ueturned a verdict of acciden
tal death and exonerated Bonnetti from
all blame.
Gardelli Pronounced Insane.
Francisco Gardelll, the male companior
of Julia Gonzaliski, a thieving domestic
whose case Is now pending- before Judge
Cook, -was taken to the Stockton Insane
asylum yesterday by a deputy sheriff.
Gardelll while confined in the County Jail
became suddenly Insane and destroyed the
furnishings of his cell.
JOM THP
EH <-"*jt^ There are flashes and explosionsand all sorts H '
gf yfe of novel ways of celebrating our independence. H
fa /y> However, you will see few things to-day more « •
H striking than these unique prices in fine shoes: H
Ladies' f
H Finest Tan. Chrome Kid, French and Leather •- 1$
B / f <P l\ heel; Oxfords (broken sizes); formerly $4 S
H \ \ /) J V REDUCED TO 5Oc. fl
» k Fine BIack Vici Kid » cIoth to P> Ml French Bf
J V s " 1 j7j^ heel, Lace, (newest style); all sizes and widths, vl
-M- iiiF^NN * REDUCED TO ?2.9O. f|
¦ £9w Men's 1
f f^lPL n?e n ri^r6 h anT$ 7 COngreSS B" J
£ I l^> REDUCED TO $1. ,. A'
ll A 'III Fine Box Calf and Tan -Russia Calf Bluchers-- B
ll #£ ll C latest fashion) ; all sizes and widths. Cheap m
S /? " REDUCED TO $2.85. S
IMIUPTDAT mm CAlfCH BY
rn W pAJ. industrial \tt VHIl t^dttua
llllllullilil school uillliU PE-RDNA.
J— m—^ "I was Induced to try Peruna by ths
7. .-¦ -S advice of a friend, and certainly believe
that suffering humanity would be relieved
If they only gave Peruna affair trial.
' ' "Would that I could frame words sufficient
S%ka/J5£>*s^ to express my gratitude for the benefits
y^/g^J.g^^ derived from Its use."— F. A, Curtrignt,
S 1, if ' The most common phases ot summer
v " %FZrt ' " ¦ I catarrh are catarrh of the stomach and
XfhfJt bowels. Peruna is a specific for summer
fi?"-..^*^ Mr. Wm. Hebley, Duquosne, Pa.,
Vj* ¦ . ¦ ' writes : *'I am cured of catarrh of
iwf^reVr ' '"¦ e s t° ma ch of two years' standing.
1 &*ZJ&&J I had it so bad that I could not eat
A^^ Jj anything but milk. I doctored with
'^fl^^^^S' «^ several doctors and they could give
me relief for a short tims only. I
saw Peruna recommended and
W^^M^^r"^^M^m^M thought I would try it, end I now
~"^*8BBi think I am cured of catarrh. I have
. CURTRIGlfflni^ worked two months and did noi lose a
JLIJ^.*Z~£& Mr. Mosea F. Merrill. Columbus. Cher-
O^l'^t'%^S3^HJ2?S^ okee Co-. . Kansas. Rural Rout© No. 3.
n^^^A tf^fO^f^V<^ v($$&$iv been troubled with systems
W^il^s^^ki^i^^^b^^^r^^l^ catarrh, which affected the lower bowels
»T xy^^^^i^f^A^/ jZs^^S^ especially. I was troubled with running
•Xjw^^^S^'f^sn^Aa^P-'Tu II off °* tne bowels and troublesome catarrh
jC \^^^= s=^^^r7?,' Ja/V)/\ Ih °* the bronchial tubes which caused splt-
v, i ~^pTT HjJ^<J3^L C^n ' Uns ot thlck mucus - Since taking Pe-
' lii '~ j^^y^V^HM runa my improvement has been won-
qrA l(=\ \ derfuf. My bowels ' are regular as
P. A. Curtright, A. B.. principal of the rfnrkwnrk I can now eat like other
Georgia Normal and Industrial Institute. CJOCKWOrK. I Can now eax IIKO inner
and editor and proprietor of the "Georgia people and my Victuals digest. —
Helping Hand," writes the following u^m, C U~-i:il
glowing words concerning Peruna and its uiOSes r. morrill.
efficacy in the cure of catarrh. ' If you do not derive prompt and satis-
He says: "Having experienced such factory results from the use of Peruna.
beneficial effects from the use of a few write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
bottles of your catarrh remedy, Peruna, full statement of your case, and he will
it affords me pleasure to add my testi- be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
monial to the long list you must already vice gratis. .
have, judging from the many different Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tha
cases I learn of most every day. Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ONE
ff eHuLj8S E- [Ha la J
n Procures as well-made and I
8 serviceable a made-to-order M
ff suit for a gentleman's busi- 3
3 ness wear, or as "smart" a h
ft suit for dress purposes, as C
a can be obtained in San Fran- M
\ cisco. Everything that goes 1
ff to make an up-to-date suit of ' \
m clothes— proper cut, material M
m ¦ and correct finish — are observ- J
¦ able in our suits. Many of the j
V best dressers in town wear them. K
. Vtbc pcjrfi d owbtf'
\ BDTTLkUt T iZ D)FflLLERY^
H PURE-AS5£dtfHDLE5DME.,
l/sedifi//ieMe<//ca/Depd)'fmenfsofthe
U.S. ARMY 8r NAVY Service-
willmm Wolff £co.
San Francisco, distributors.
Sewer* of/m/faf/ons or rej///ed Bottles.
I "VANVR00M" I
I PAINLESS DENTAL PA3L0SS, \
1^ COO! MARKET, Cor: 6th: j
SPECIAL SALEI
THURSOAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY
ONE PRICE AND ONE QTTAI.ITY OB*
GOOES— THE KIND YOU WILii NOT
FIND FAULT "WITH.
French Sardines, 3 tins 25c
Small tins, small fish la pure Olive OIL
Regularly 10c a tin.
Saeo and Tapioca, 6 lbs 25c
Pearl, Tapioca and Sago.
Delicious for Puddings.
Regularly 4 lbs 25c
Ice Cream Freezers — I**
Special fi&f'lWl&f'&ifio
Regular n.70 *2.20 $2.60 tf.95 £75
Coffee, *s£ *»¦ 2 ibs 65c
This delicious Coffee la
Regularly sold at 40c a 1b.
Lemons, dozen. 15c
The very choicest.
Regularly 23c.
Cherries In Maraschino, liot. 60c
Re^far?/^- 1 * 81 * tt# mMket -
Ba'dwin Brandy, g£ k -^
Finest production In the State ««>^>O
19 years old.
Regularly H-25 and J3.oa
Atlas uats, 3 rkgs 25c
A new. delicious Breakfast Mush.
Regularly 10c a pkg.
Creamery Butter, spare 30c
Choice Eggs^ozen 20c
C0USTBT 0RDBR3 SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE TREE.
39 STOCKTON ST.. neap Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
Golf-Grip
Eye-Glasses
(Patented April 2, 1901),
NEVER TILT OR SLIP
Only to be had of
OPTICIANS^^aph^a^^
642 Market 5t. immrumemti
uHott* chromicu buildimg. CatAI OGUt FrcCJ
it
METAL CRIBS.
All prices, all styles, all sizes; brass
trimmings; sides ot cribs let down.
Handsome, stylish. Inexpensive. Blue,
green or white, to harmonize with any
decorations. We furnish your house
throughout. Everything yon can possi-
bly need or wish in house furnishings
you will find here. Call and examine
before purchasing. As we pay no rent
we save you that much on the <oat of
each and every article you buy here.
Tie J. flconan Furniture Company
(Incorporated), ,..
1017-1023 Mission Street.
Above Sixth. San Francisco. "'" '.
We close at S p. in. every dny but
Saturday.
DR.MCNDLTT.
rPHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.1 Specialist cres Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gle<?;»
Stricture. Seminal Weakness. Impotence and tbeir
slHed Disorders. Book on Diseases ol Men, Xrsa.
Ovrr20years'experience.T>rnn reasonable. Hours,
Dto3dail7;6:30to3.30e7'K3.Rnndny*.10to 12. Consul*
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Can oraddresa
P. UOSCOE MfXrLTY.M.D.
itiYi Kearny &»!.» 8an FrSDftiteo. Cal-
ST. S F^<S>S^
fl fi PI" n t\\l 1 I Corner Faurtlx an*
I ALL UlltflU Market. S5. F. Try
l.tirr niillll- our s P e c la l Brew,
wire nuiHL^ssjfs
valises chocked tree.
Weekly CaVI,$1.00 per Year