THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1901. *
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 143.
NASHVILLE. Tenn.. April 2L-A pri
vate, telegram from Frank Fowler, mem
ber of the Turf Congress license commit
tee, states that Jockeys May, Wood.
Coombs, Beauchamp and Roscoe Troxler
were reinstated and would be allowed to
ride at the meeting here.
Jockeys Are Reinstated.
REBEL CHIEF
TELLS OF HIS
CAMPAIGNS
Aguinaldo's Account of
War and Flight in
Luzon.
His Plans. Frustrated by the
Sagacity of General
Lawton.
Captured Filipino Leader Speaks of
American Soldiers as Ferocious
Fighters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, April 21. — Tour correspondent
had an Interview this morning -with
Aguinaldo. He was greeted cordially by
the ex-rebel leader, who was in excellent
spirits. Aguinaldo Is still non-committal,
fearing that if he talks on the situation
he will be misrepresented and his posi
tion thus jeopardized. He said:
"I will make no definite statements on
public or private questions until I am
familiar with the situation. I am learn
ing English, and studying American gov
ernment."
When asked if he desired to visit the
United States Aguinaldo replied:
"Tea, greatly; but I am at the disposi
tion of the authorities."
The correspondent then asked him for
his opinion of. the scheme looking: to the
purchase of church estates by the Gov
ernment and their sale to the natives.
Aguinaldo said he thought that such a
scheme would be satisfactory, but ha
added that he was not familiar with the
proposal. He. said he generally endorsed
the acts of the Philippine Commission,
which he had followed Interruptedly in
the newspapers for the last half year. He
had been secluded In the mountains, how
ever, and therefore was not very -well in
formed on current events.
The correspondent presented to him a
photograph of his son, Miguel, which was
taken the day the latter was captured
near San Fabian. Agulnaldo thanked the
correspondent warmly, and said that it
had been reported the boy was dead. He
added, jokingly:
"Whatever else I am accused of, I am
not responsible for the rumors that were
circulated while I was in the field."
. Continuing he said: "I was often very
dose to the Americans. I expected to
make my greatest stand at Calumpit.
"When I abandoned Tarlac I commanded
1500 riflemen. I anticipated General
Wheaton's landing at San Fabian. I
planned to retreat to Nueva Vlscaya, but
was frustrated by brave General Lawton.
I slipped through the cordon with 250
men. only four hours before the landing
party came ashore."
In response to a. auestion concerning
his opinion of the American troops, he
said:
"How terrible are the Americans! They
are splendid and ferocious fighters. I no
sooner built arsenals and barracks than
they destroyed them. Colonel March
chased me in the most lively manner for
two months In the western mountains, un
til I worked eastward with thirty horses
and eighty men. I crossed to Cagayan
and lived on the east coast for eight
months. My outposts often saw the Am
ericans, but I did not participate In a
single engagement, though I once com
manded 40,000 riflemen. The watchfulness
of the army and navy practically de
stroyed filibustering to Luzon.
"I do not desire to discuss Insular poli
tics. I am undecided as to my future
plans. I believe that the Federals will be
strong agents in the pacification of the
archipelago. This Is the first Interview
that I have given to any one."
WELCOME TAJT COMMISSION'.
Leyte Island Natives Give Americans
Hearty Greeting.
TACLOBAN, Island of Leyte. April 21.—
Enthusiastic throngs greeted the appear
ance of the Philippine Commission in the
capital of Leyte. Confidence in American
purposes was reiterated.
Most of the municipalities have been or
ganized, and all were represented at the
conference. The province will be created
to-morrow, with Major Henry Allen of
the Forty-third Volunteer Infantry as
Governor and Lieutenant William S. Con
roy of the same regiment as Treasurer.
Major John S. Gllmore of the Forty
seventh Volunteer Infantry has captured
a high Insurgent, stronghold in Western
Leyte. Lieutenant M. I. Avery of the
same regiment has destroyed another
camp and killed six insurgents.
FILIPINO ENLISTMENTS
ABE BUT OF HALF VALUE.
President Opines They Are Worth
Less Than Those at Other
Points.
WASHINGTON, April 21.-In the opin
ion of the President the value of a Filipino
is just one-half that of a person enlisted
in the navy at any other point than the
Philippine Islands. This Idea of the in
feriority of the natives of the Philippine*
appears In a general order Issued by the
Navy Department publishing an executive
order establishing, an insular force of th»
United States navy and designating rat
ings and rate's of pay. Therein this force
13 limited to five hundred and will con
sist of cockswains, seamen, ordinary sea
men, machinists, firemen, coal passers,
stewards, cooks and mess attendant*.
PEKING, April 21. — General A. A.
Reid, commanding the Third Brigade of.
the India Imperial Service troops In
China, who is now at Shanhai-Kwan, sent
a company of Punjab infantry to dis
perse a band of robbers In the neighbor
hood of Fu-Ning.
A force of Boxers and robbers, more
than 1000 strong. . attacked the Indian
troops, killing Major Browning and one
Sepoy and wounding others. The com
pany retreated to Fu-Ning. Reinforce
ments have been sent from Shanhal-
Ivwan.
The Boxers are apparently well armed
with modern rifles.
LONDON. A pi 11 22. — "Chinese rebels have
again attacked the Manchurian railway,"
says the St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph. "They have de
stroyed 150 versts of the line, removed the
rails and broken up the rolling stock.
Moreover, they have killed nearly a whole
detachment of railway guards. Troops
have been sent from Amur province to the
scene."
Viceroy To Orders the Capture and
WILL CRUSH ROBBER BANDS.
Execution of Bandits.
TACOMA, April 21.— To-day's mall ad
vices from Hongkong give details of en
ergetic preparations being made by Vice
roy To at Canton to capture and execute
robbera and bandits throughout tho two
Kwang provinces.,* For years bandits and
pirates have practically ruled Southern
China. They have become much bolder
during the disturbances in Northern
China until the officials were powerless to
cope with them. Viceroy To was appoint
ed at the special instance of U Hung
Chang and directed to employ all his
power to .kijl off the rohbera- and bring
about a restoration of peaceful trade.
Viceroy To declares that bad characters
in the villages and towns are undoubtedly
well known to the gentry- He therefore
orders the gentry in each town to imme
diately prepare lists of the names of all
doubtful persons and present them with
out delay to the local mandarins. It is
ordered that as fast as any person on
these lists is caught In any wrongdoing
he shall ' be arrested and executed. To.
encourage soldiers to do their duty,' com
pensation will be granted those who are
wounded and their families will be pen
sioned in case of death. Large sums are
promised to Informers and a free pardon
to any robber who is instrumental in
bringing three notorious robbers to jus
tice. As many robbers are known as be
ing men of substance, it is agreed that
their property shall be divided among in
formers, Villages failing to comply with
the Viceroy's orders are threatened with
destruction!. Soldiers are warned against
using their position to extort money.
Viceroy To estimates that at least 3000
bandits will be executed under these or
ders this summer.
A correspondent of the Hongkong Mail
writes from Hoihow that 18,000 persons
are reported to have died of plague dur
ing the last three months in Lamko dis
trict of the island of Hainan. By the ex
ercise of a strict quarantine the plague
has been kept out bf Hoihow. The entire
population is stricken in the district
named.
Ninety junior judges and public pro
curators have resigned in Japan as a result
of the failure of the Diet to pass a bill
increasing their salaries. The matter has
assumed the form of a strike, the judges
of Osaka. and Toklo declining to act fur
ther unless the Government Increases
their stipend. They now receive 500 to
600 yen annually.
PAOTING-FTJ AN AHMED CAMP.
French and German Force Will Num
ber 14,000 Men.
PAOTING-FU, April 20.— This city has
been for the past four days a big mili
tary camp of French and German soldiers
on the way to the front. It Is now esti
mated < that 8000 French troops and 6000
Germans will form the entire force when
all the reinforcements have arrived.
There is no truth In current reports . re
garding severe fighting between the out
posts and the Chinese. !
Three men left yesterday under escort
to convey Emperor Kwang Su's first or
der to General Liu to retire immediately
to the province of Shansi. Prince Chlng
and other Chinese officials say the Chi
nese general has already retired; but
their confirmations or denials are con
sidered very unreliable.
The French and German troops seem to
be co-operating fairly well, although un
til yesterday (Friday) there was some
doubt as to who would command the ex
pedition. This auestion has been settled
by an arrangement under which the
French and Germans are to work Inde
pendently and yet. at the same time, to
co-operate.
If the Chinese ; retire over the Shansi
boundary, then, according to internation
al agreement, the foreign troops should
not go beyond it. The Ministers of. the
powers in Peking earnestly hope that this
will prove to be the case. They point out
that the Chinese force has not been ag
gressive, and came only a few miles over
Puntitive Expedition Encounters
Chinese Who Are Fully Equipped
With Modern Weapons.
British Browning and
One Sepoy Soldier Are
Slain.
Drive Back a Company
of Indian Troops Near
Fu-Ning.
BOXERS REPEL
A FORCE SENT
AGAINST THEM
Continued on Third Page.
UNITED STATES STUCCO
MILLS WILL CONSOLIDATE
This Is the Aim of the Syndicate
Largely Run by Standard Oil
Company.
CHICAGO, April 21.-The Tribune to
morrow will say: Consolidation of all the
stucco mills in the United States Is re
ported on good authority to be the aim of
a syndicate of which" the Standard Oil
Company controls a large share. Options
have been secured on a number of mills
In Michigan and on all the mills but one
in Kort Dodee. Iowa.
KITCHENER, REPORTS BRITISH
SUCCESSES IN 'AFRICAN WAR
LONDON, April 22.— The War Office has
received a report from Lord Ivltchener
reporting that since April 18 various Brit
ish commanders have taken 81 prisoners,
together with 100,000 rounds of small am
munition and many horses, cattle and
wagons. Lord Kitchener reports also the
surrender of twenty Boers sine* that date.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, April 21.— An attempt was
made last night to poison Joseph Haen
nelt, a prisoner, in the county jail who Is
charged with having assisted • in robbing
Dr. Flora ¦ Betts of $7000 worth, of dia
monds in August last when driving with
her. ¦ :¦ ; ¦.. ¦:'¦-:' ; ¦"-.' -rC ' '. %-':
An apple pie and some cheese were left
at the jail for Haennelt by an old man,
who is unknown. After nibbling at the
cheese the prisoner became sick. An emet
ic' was administered, which saved his life.
An examination disclosed : the fact 3 that
the pie and cheese contained arsenic and
other poisons. . . ;
'Haennelt gave testimony" for the pros
ecution at. the recent trial . of John Barr
and : Mrs.- Bessie" Hodge, his housekeeper,
on the charge, of having brutally assault
ed and robbed* ftlrs.^Betts. The trial end
ed in' a disagreement of the jury.
Food V Containing Ar
senic Almost Ends
' the Recipient's Life
POISON IS SENT
TO A PRISONER
-WASHINGTON, April 21.— The Civil
Service Commission announces that the
examination advertised for April 23 for the
position of department assistants in the
Philippine service has been postponed to
June 3^'and 4. and that this examination
will be held in any city in the - United
States where postal free delivery has been
established. Competitors in the examina
tioni In addition to taking the regular
examination required for this position,
also may take one or more of certain op
tional subjects, for' which due credit is
given. ; "
Particular attention }s called to the fact
that within' a few months it is probable
that a. number of financial agents will be
needed. . \ These agents will be selected
from this examination, and the selections
confined as far as practicable to those
who have shown proficiency, in the op
tional subjects of bookkeeping and
finance, and Who' have passed the regular
examination.' .The : salary of . the position
of financial agent !wlir be about $2000 per
annum., The entrance salary of the posi
tion'of department assistant will not be
less than ' $1200 per annum. . V
Will Not Conduct the
Examination for An
otherMonth to Come
CIVIL SERVICE
PUTS OFF TRIAL
DUCAL COUPLE , WHO " ARE
CAUSING - GOSSIP ON TWO
CONTINENTS. THE ' DUKE
IS SHOWN IN AFRICAN CAM
PAIGN UNIFORM.
catch the 10:30 train for London, and, had ¦
no time to see anybody. • • '¦.¦.!
\A. little later the World correspondent
sent his card to the Duchess at the "Van
derbilt home, requesting a statement as
to the rumor of an estrangement. The
Duchess replied that she wished the
newspapers would completely ignore her
private affairs; that there was nothing to
be said. ¦ ¦ - ' »
Trouble Over Money Question.
In, Paris the general inference concern-
.Ing the strange mutual behavior -of the
Duke and the Duchess is that the Duke
had become, soured because of some
money auestion, wherein he had expected
the Vanderbilts to show themselves . more •
liberal than they were. A woman friend
of both the Duke and the Duchess said
to-day: r
"The news has -. been cabled back from
New i _Tork,' > that,.their ..; estrangement . has.
">beeh published. * This fact may bring
them together. The closest associates of
the Marlboroughs have long been aware
that the fire of love was not burning so
brightly between them as of old, and It
was understood that they had decided to
live as independently of one another as
strict decorum would permit. But, as
both are socially and politically ' ambl
¦ tlous, they will endure much disagreeable
friction before coming to an open breach.
"Now that the estrangement has be
come public property, they will do their
utmost. to stop comment. This, doubtless,
is why the Duchess, probably advised by
her clever father, sought out her hus
band, and refused to permit him. to leave-
Paris alone.
"I believe that in their Interview to
day the Duchess represented to the Duke
that all chances of him becoming Viceroy
of Ireland, now their one acute ambition,
would be hopelessly blasted by a public
breach between them. King Edward hav
ing become exceedingly ticklish upon mat
ters of prestige and propriety." ,
. •' ' ' - ¦-" * : — ¦¦ ¦
DIVORCE STJIT IS HINTED AT.
Duke and Duchess May Carry Their
Quarrel Into Court
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 21:— There is consider
able gossip about a reported coming di
vorce case in which a young and well
known Duke will figure before long. This
ease has nothing to do with South Africa,
but it will be better, perhaps, not to men
tion names at present. '.
It' has been generally known In society
that things have not been going very well
lately between the Duke and Duchess re
ferred to, and the hope is expressed that
the family will Interfere to stop matters
coming to a crisis. ' . • . _ ,
Should the case, however, come on. It
will create as much excitement in America
and Paris as In London.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, New, April 21.— Steamboat
Springs was destroyed by fire this af
tern6on and all that remains of that his
torical spot Is a heap of ashes. The fire
started presumably from cparks from a
pumping engine and inside' of two hours
the depot, dance hall, bowling alley, bath
houses and lodging rooms were destroyed.
The resort was owned by R. JClrman of
Carson City, and was under the manage
ment of the Grea* Western Development
Company, which was laboring hard to re
store the resort to the. popularity it en
joyed a few years ago. Two carloads 'of
material which was to have been used
in the improvement of, the property, was
destroyed. The loss is estimated at $20,
000 and there is no insurance. : " :
In the palmy, days, from 1S65. to. 1875,
Steamboat Springs was a flourishing little
village where some of the largest mining
deals the world has ever known - were
consummated. It was In the parlor of the
Steamboat Hotel that the deal was made
which netted Mackay, Flood and Fair
$400,000 In one month. vV-.fv..
Steamboat Springs, Fa
mous Resort in Ne
vada, Lies in Ashes
Yj-^yARlS, April 21.— The Duke of Marl
|)j borough, after a month !in the
\\^ south of Spain, came to Paris a
"^ week ago and stopped at the Hotel
Bristol, on the Place Vendome.
While the Duke was in Spain the Duchess
of Marlborough has been in Paris, and for
the past three weeks she has been staying
at her father's mansion in Des Champs
Elysee. After the Duke returned from
Spain he visited his father-in-law, where
he saw the Duchess. This mornlne the
Duchess drove to the Hotel Bristol, where
she was joined by the Duke, and then the
Marlboroughs proceeded to London. This
would indicate that if discord existed'be
tween the Duke and Duchess of Marlbor
~o\igh the latter' s father has succeeded in
smoothing it. . '¦'
Friends Will Not Talk.
NEW YORK. April 21.— The World's
Paris cablegram says the Duke and
Duchess of Marlborough left Paris togeth
er to-day for London. The nature of the
differences between them remains a mys
tery, except to a few intimates, who
decline to divulge any facts, rather show
ing an inclination to deny the whole story
of infelicity X)r to lessen its Importance.
It is true, nevertheless, that during the
three weeks that the Duchess has been
here she has .remained under her father's
roof at 13S Avenue des Champs Ely
sees. The Duke, who was here when the
Vanderbilt family returned from Cannes,
left Paris the next day for Spain, with
out even seeing his wife or his father-in
law. When he returned to Paris a week
ago. he went, to the astonishment of the
American colony, to live at the Hotel
Bristol and declined every invitation ad
dressed jointly to himself and the
Duchess. '
Duke Slights Duchess.
Two days ago the ! Duke ; went to the
Long Champs races, accompanied by a
friend, arriving late. Seeing there his
aunt, Lady Sarah "Wilson, his wife and
the Marchioness of Anglesey together, he
iwent up into the grand stand and saluted
them. He barely shook hands with the
Duchess, as If she were nothing more to
him than the two others, and stopped
with them only a few moments.
During the whole of his stay in Paris
the Duke never once called at the Van
derbilt home, and no one from that house
.called on him.
"When the "World correspondent sent up
his card to the Duke at the Hotel Bris
tol this morning the Duke sent back word
that he was hurrying preparations to
FIRE DESTROYS
NOTED HOUSES
Titled Son-in-Law Visits ¦¦¦the American Millionaire in. Paris
-and as a Result of the Conference the Young Couple
Make Up the Quarrel and Journey to London Together
RETURN WITH
FORTUNE IN
FROM BRITONS
Americans Profit by the
London and Globe
Collapse.
*
San Franciscan Among Those
Who Sold the Stock
."Short."
Henry Bratnobsr t>.nd a Few Friends
Clear a Round Million
Pounds Sterling.
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York Her
ald. Copyright. 1901. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON. April 21.— The echoes of the
London and Globe liquidation are fitfully
heard in the vicinity of Lombard street
and Lothbury, where official liquidators
have been engaged for weeks past on the
Herculean task of clearing up accounts,
a task which threatens to outlive even
the capture of Dewct.
Some of the stories related by Whitaker
Wright to-night at the last meeting of the
shareholders are spoken of now as akin
to old ¦ nursery rhymes told to children.
For instance, the yarn about wicked con
spirators who sought to corrupt a mine
manager with a bribe of £100.000, but
whose machinations were just nipped be
fore, fruition by the unfortunate collapse
of the London and Globe, is now regarded
as fiction of the weakest kind. The much
vaunted legal action against the treacher
ous Lake View syndicate, which sold out
right under the nose of the directors of
the London and Globe, Is also pigeon
holed as among things no longer men
tioned.
Meantime there departed yesterday by
the Lucania Heniy Bratnober of San
Francisco and a few friends who have
no reason to complain of their connection
with Whitaker Wright. It is understood
that this combination, which operated on
the bear side of the London and Globe
group, cleared a round million sterling by
the operation.
In London the anticipated advent of J.
Pierpont Morgan has been signalized by
dealings in American Industrial stocks.
Since it has become customary in Eng
land to speak of the great Wall-street
magnate as a steel trust potentate it nat
urally followed that the first dealings in
Americanvlndustrials were all in steel
trust sharp. To be perfectly candWrhcw-
ever, it is only fair to state that the deal
ings in these" stocks were limited, as they
were mostly confined to an American cli
entele.
For the steel 7 per cent Dref erred $98
was freely offered when outside trading
began, all of the trading being, of course,
on the curb, owing to the fact that the
stock has not yet been listed on the Lon
don Stock Exchange. But the supply
proved too much for the applicants and
those who came late were fortunate in
paying only $96 for the stock.
The difficulty of trading in this, as in
all American industrial stocks, is that
the British speculative public cannot un
derstand how shares can spring Into ex
istence without a chance of making a pre
mium of the first allotment. If the Bank
of England were to -Issue fully paid or
fully underwritten stock, even 7 per cent
preferred, British parsons and old maids
who keenly scent a prospective premium
would hardly apply for a pound's worth.
Henry Bratnober, who, together with a
few friends, is credited with having
cleared £1,000,000 through the collapse of
the London and Globe Corporation, Is
well known and very popular at the Pal
ace Hotel, where he and his wife resided
shortly before his departure for the scene
of his latest successes. Mrs. Bratnober
did not accompany h:r husband to Eng
land, but took up her residence in Pied
mont, where she is at present.
culty." Maxwell remonstrated with him
against his apparent suicidal Intent, when
Canby lowered the weapon and left the
room by the rear door. It is believed
while outside he attempted to kill him
self, as on returning he threw down the
pistol, remarking: "The gun is no good
and will not go off."
. In answer to an Inquiry from Maxwell
if he was implicated in the criminal en
try i Brown replied: "Yes, I am equally
guilty."
District Attorney Gay "stated to-day
that, there is evidence that the criminal
acts of the two officials cover, a i period
of several years, and only by a thorough
Investigation of the books can their full
extent be known.
Canby carried $13,000 Insurance on his
life and Brown carried policies aggregat
ing $15,000. ' •
BY SUICIDE
THE CONFESS
THEIR CRIME
President and Cashier of
Vancouver Bank End
Their Lives.
One Revolver Serves the Men
Who Stole the People's •
Funds.
Bodies of Two Embezzlers Found
Lying Together Under a Clump
of Bushes.
VANCOUVER. Wash.. April 21.-Charles
Brcwn and E. L. Canby, president and
cashier respectively of the First Xatlonal
Bank of Vancouver, which was closed
yesterday by the Controller of the Cur
rency, committed suicide last night two
railes from this city by shooting them
selves with a revolver.
The bodies of the men were found this
morning lying together In a small clump
of bushes about a half mile north of the
Columbia School, which Is situated on the
outskirts of the town. They both used
the same weapon, and Canby evidently
died first, as the revolver was found in
Hrcwn's hand. It is evident that Canby
put the muzzle of the revolver in his
mouth and then blew the top of his head
off. Brown then took it and shot him
self In exactly the same way, falling over
Canby's body.
The fact that Brown's bicycle and an
¦umbrella belonging to Canby were found
a. short distance out of town last night led
to the belief that the two bank officials
nad taken their lives. Early this morning
a searching party started out, and after
several hours' hunt the bodies were found
Jn the clump of bushes.
First Attempt at Suicide.
Friday evening Canby. upon being told
¦by Eank Examiner J. W. Maxwell that
the bank would not be permitted to open
Saturday, went out In the yard behind
the bank and attempted to shoot himself.
His revolver failed to explode, although
all five chambers were loaded. After fail
ing to shoot himself Canby came back
into the bank and he and President Brown
left together, the latter taking his revol
ver. When Examiner Maxwell confronted
the bank officials with the shortage of
JSI.900 which he had discovered both men
admitted their guilt. It is said that
Brcwn and Canby had been speculating
In stocks. Besid* Brown's body there was
found a package containing £5 and a note,
saying that the money belonged to his
daughter. Upon Canby's body the follow
ing brief note was found:
"My dear wife: 1 feel what I am about
to do is for the brst. Forgive me If you
can and try to live for our dear children.
God bless you all. Good-by.
"NED.
"April 1?. I30L-
Brown, who was 54 years of age, had
lived in Vancouver since 1862. His father
was the first Receiver of the Vancouver
I^and Office. He has served as Auditor
of. Clark County, was married and has a
family. His connection with the bank as
its president dates back ten years.
Canby was C2 years old and was well
connected. His wife was Miss Frances
Burnside, daughter of an Oregon pioneer.
He has a brother, who is a paymaster in
the United States army. Another brother
committed suicide by Jumping off. the
wharf at Vancouver several years ago.
Eighty-One Thousand Missing.
While Bank Examiner Maxwell, now
in chare* as receiver, has made no offi
cial statement, it is known that the bank
has loaned a large sum of money on in
sufficient security. According to the re
port to the Controller of the Currency,
there is a shortage of $S1.000 In the bank's
accounts, and it is understood that a con
siderable portion of th's amount was
loaned to Brown and Canby on their per
ponal notos. Abor.t a year ago the bank
reduced its capital stock from $100,000 to
JSO.OOn. At that time about one-half of
the so-called bad assets was "charged
off," but they have been carried as assets
Fine* that time.
The heaviest stockholder is Colonel
Stephen P. Joslyn of the regular army.
Colonel Joslyn is the mustering-out officer
at San Francisco. His post was Vancou
ver when the bank was organized In 1SS5.
end ever since that time he has been the
heaviest stockholder. According to the
last statement Issued In February the
bank had deposits amounting to about
J230.O00. •
From the condition of the "bodies and
other circumstances It Is almost certain
that the suicides occurred between 7 and
8 o'clock Friday evening. Two pistol
»=hots comlnff from the direction where
the bodies were found were heard at that
hour by L. B. Rand, who lives a quarter
of e mile distant.
Following the arrival of United States
District Attorney Wilson R. Gay last
r.Ight a warrant was" Issued by Judgo
Miller of the Superior Court, charging
Brown and Canby with the embezzlement
of $10,000 of the funds of the "bank on Jan
uary 1*. 1901. The complaint contains
four charges of embezzlement and mis
application of the funds of the bank, fal
sifying- the books of the bank and is
suing false reports of the bank's condi
tion to the Controller of the Currency.
Bank's Secrets Are Withheld.
Bank Examiner Maxwell, who has been
installed by the Controller as temporary
receiver of the bank, still refuses to give
out any statement of the affairs of. the
bank. Both Brown and Canby when con
fronted Friday by Maxwell with false en
tries in the books made a full confession,
Canby remarking: "Well,, you have
caught me this time. Maxwell; that Is a
false entry." Then, picking up a pistol
from the counter he remarked, as he held
the muzzle towards his head: "This is
the only eure way I see out of the dlffi-
INTERVENTION OF WILLIAM K. VANDERBILT
EFFECTS SPEEDY RECONCILIATION BETWEEN
THE DUKE AND DUGHESS OF MARLBOROUGHFLORA OF PARK WILL BLAZE WELCOME TO THE PRESIDENT
THE :SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, 'APJRIL 22, A9Q1.
CLEVELAND, O., April 21.— The fierce
storm that swept over this city and
Northern Ohio throughout yesterday and
last night gradually subsided to-day. It
was followed to-night by a dense fog.
Notwithstanding the heroic efforts of the
telegraph and telephone companies to re
pair their prostrated fines there has been
ly Crippled by Trail of Blizzard.
Cleveland's Telephone Service Severe-
FIEE COMMUNICATIONS CUT OFF
The ¦VTestln^house Klectric Company
had two carloads of finished material on
the tracks near Turtle Creek. They were
caught in the flood and water got into the
cars. The loss may reach $80,000.
On the Fort Wayne the worst trouble
was a snow blockade between Salem and
Massillon. This tied up the road for twen
ty-four hours. The same trouble kept the
Cleveland trains of the Pittsburg and
Lake Erie late, five trains having been
blockaded at Windom, near Levittsburg,
for twenty-five hours.
At Skobo the Lake Erie received its
most serious landslide. One hundred feet
of westbound track were carried down the
Fleep bank, tho whole face of the bank
Flipping- down into the river. On the lines
of the Pennsylvania and Baltimore and
Ohio, to Wheeling, great damage is re
ported.
The damage to telegraph poles and lines
along all the roads was enormous, and it
will take several days to fully repair
them. Trains are now running on all
roads, but no attention is paid to keeping
up to schedule.
The submerged districts in Pittsburg
and Allegheny are to-day a scene of abject
misery- The residents spent all day try
ing to restore their homes to some degree
of decency and comfort. The damage to
furniture and building's in Allegheny is es
timated at about $100,000. It will take two
months cf hot summer weather to thor
oughly dry out the houses. In Pittsburg
the loss to residences and stores and
goods and the cost of cleaning up will
amount to about $250,000.
At Carnegieborough, six miles from
Pittsburg, the !oss is estimated at $40,000,
of which the Columbia Bridge Works lose
$5000.
While there have been greater floods at
this point, there was • never one that
caused so mucn financial loss and discom
fort. The loss to the railroads entering
Pittsburg from flood, landslides, wrecked
bridges, heavy tnow and the interference
with traffic is roughly estimated at
% 1.000,000.
PITTPBURG, April 2L— Pittsburg and
Allegheny are rlowly emerging from the
murky flood. The water remained station
ary until about 3 p.m.. when it'began to
fall. Conservative estimates of the -total
damage in this district is between two
p.nd three million dollars. Fifty thousand
workers are suffering from enforced Idle
ness.
Plood Subsides but Leaves Many
Traces of Devastation Behind.
PITTSBITIIG HEAVY SXJFFEBEB
If You; Have Dyspepsia
Send no money, but writs r>r.£>hoop,Racine."Wl».',
boxl37,for six bottles of : Dr. Snoop's Restorative-;
express paid.* If cured.pay J5.50— If not.lt la free*
I SAN DIEGO, April 21— The sheep owners
and ranchers of the Mesa Grande coun
try : have asked the Board . of Supervisors*
to have a reward of about 525 -offered for
the killing of- mountain lions in the
county. They suffer a great deal on ac
count of the depredations of .these an!-"
mals and they .want the reward offered
in order' to induce others besides to hunt
the animals out of existence if. possible." :
Lions Ruin the Ranchers:
I Leo Tolstoi's next novel will describe the
I chrysalis period of a young woman's life—
the development of a butterfly into a use
ful member of society. Its plot may be
briefly outlined as follows: - ' . • • :
. The Speizfzeff family return . late in
the autumn from their usual journey,
abroad, and go for a short visit to the
estate of . a relative who is' the ¦ district
captain of Lijin. The party -there is
composed of the high Ministerial officers
Councilor Spiezfzeff. • his wife, Marie
Necolaivena and a 16-year-old daughter,
Vera. The men talk of crops, while the
I women indulge in provincial gossip. : It
I is then proposed that Vera 'make herself
I useful in the famine, relief work. She
L would prefer anything ¦to boredom, and
i undertakes to distribute • clothing and
nurse-starving babies for distraction. She
is lost to view until her father and mother
decide to return home.' They, send a ser
vant to bring Vera, but she positively re-'
fuses to obey either ; the- servant, her
father or. mother. She:- has undergone a
mental transformation « within a few,
i. weeks, and decides tlfatVit is better to
j be a- worker than a drone.' j
Depicts Development of a. Butterfly
, Into Useful Member of %;
Sj^jgS;; Society.
ST.~T?ETERSBURG, April 21. — Count
TOLSTOI'S NEW NOVEL
DEALS WITH . GIRL'S LIFE
Rebuilding Starts in Keswick.
K.ESWICK, April 21.— Every property
owner who was a loser » by yesterday
morning's disastrous fire on Northwest
street has expressed; a determination to
rebuild at once.' The Monte Carlo thea
ter will be constructed of brick this "time
and.it will be larger than the old edifice
Laborers have been at work to-day clean
ing up the rubbish : and carpenters will
be ' put ,to work to-morrow. Keswick is
used to having big fires, but the prosper
ous business: condition of the town justi
fies rebuilding on a larger and better scale
than before. . . ¦ •¦-.;;
Hollow dam ' In Middlefleld - gave • way ' at
about 6 o'clock to-night, sweeping every
thing before It and submerging the greater
part of this town.- No lives were lost, but
great damage has been done, to an extent
it is now impossible to stare, : • '• -.- -
Two quartz mills at Flood Hollow,
barns and outbuildings were swept along
in the torrent. At • Bancroft, the station
for Middlefield, the Boston and •Albany
stone bridge was carried ; away, together
with 600. feet of track. It will probably be
two days beore trains are running.- The
electric, light station at Chester is sub
merged and the town, is in total darkness
CHESTER, Mass., April 21.— The* Flood
BURST DAM CAUSES DISASTER.
LONDON, April 21.— Great curiosity 1#
manifested here to ascertain how half
the war loan has been already placed, as
Is asserted In the Government Invitation
for subscriptions for the remaining half.
It is supposed that a portion of the £30,
000,000 "already placed" may have been re
served for the Government i Department ;
but it is rather believed . that financial
houses with foreign connections have in
terested '; themselves in- the flotation.
No explanation . has been afforded j and
considering that the final . Installment ' of
the loan is payable in December and that
the first ".quarter's interest will be paid
July 5 the issue is regarded as cheap, and
not a- little resentment has been created
by the fact that only half the issue has
been offered to the public.
This dissatisfaction is voiced -by the
Daily Chronicle, which says: "The pub
lic ought to. have been informed by this
time to whom the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer has allotted £30,000,000 of the is
sue." b The paper proceeds to comment
severely upon the policy of the Govern
ment which has led. to "such a disastrous
issue, in which the British taxpayer drops
the round sum of £30,000,000 in the process
of. borrowing £60,000,000. . ,
Britain Is Wondefing
How One-Half of It
• Has Been Placed
CURIOUS OVER
THE WAR LOAN
"I immediately ordered. transfusion and
a part of the saline solution .was intro
duced in the veins • to replace the lost
blood.' ;The pericardium and external
wounds were then closed. The operation
was 'performed In about twenty-five,
minutes." • . . - - • "
"Philip Gunn was brought to the City
Hospital in ¦&' semi-conscious condition
about 9 o'clock 'last night. He became
unconscious. Subsequently It | was found
that a stab wound three-quarters of an
inch in . length, situated to the right of
the breast bone, and on a level with the
fifth rib, had been inflicted. / An examin
ation of the heart showed that it pulsated
very, feebly. The radial artery • and
carotid | were pulseless. The patient was
very pale and there was every indication
of an internal hemorrhage. <
"•Further examination showed that the
dagger penetrated directly into the heart
and bleedips occurred from that organ.
I Immediately concluded to operate. '
VIncisions were made ' and _the heart
was exposed for the operation." The pa
tient ceased to breathe several times, so
it was necessary to resort : to artificial
respiration and stimulation. This irregu
lar ¦ breathins continued • until the ¦ peri
cardium* was opened and the restriction of
the heart relieved by the removal of a clot
of blood from the pericardium. The heart
then began to act very powerfully and the
pulses from ; the various arteries could
easily be discerned. ; The heart's: action
was free and it was' noticed that the right
ventricle had been pierced. A penetrating
incised wound about one-third of an inch
in length was found. Bleeding from the
heart at this time was quite rapid and
the patient lost considerable blood.
The wound was stitched last night by
Dr. H. L. Nietert, Superintentendent of
the City Hospital.: A remarkable thing in
.connection with, the operation was the
fact that Gunh recovered from the anes
thetic while his heart was exposed to the
air and talked to the doctor while he
was 1 stitching away. Dr. Nietert to-day
gave this explanation of the case: ¦
. ST. LOUIS, April 21.— Though his heart,
according to physicians, was wounded by
a dagger and three stitches were sewed in
this most delicate vital organ of .the body,
Philip Gunn, 22 years old, Is still alive and
there is hope for "his recovery. ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Surgeons Save~Life of
Man Wounded by
Thrust of a Dagger
THREE STITCHES
IN HIS HEART
Rifle and Shovel the "Weapons Used
"; : in a Desperate Fight in
Oregon.
PORTLAND, Qr4. f April 2L— Frederick
Berstecher was beaten to death with a
rifle last night by Adolph von Grueningen
at Bethany, a village twelve miles from
this city. The men, who are neighbors,
engaged in a desperate fight over, the pos
session of a. piece of land. Berstecher
was armed with a shovel and Gruenln-'
gen with a' rifle. .
After the fight Grueningen left for this
city and -arrived this morning, when he
surrendered to the Sheriff. Berstecher's
pody % was: brought here early this morn
j ing by the Coroner.
QUARREL OVEB LAND
BESULTS IN ONE DEATH
VANCOUVER, tB. C . April a.— The
Alaskan liner Victorian arrived from
Skaguay at noon to-day with news that
the story of the terrible sufferine and
death In a blizzard at Nome and along the
lower Yukon is not believed in. Skag
uay. The Victorian left Skasruay on
Thursday, three days after the Danube,
which brought the news yesterday to
Victoria. The Skaguay Alaskan, which
was" the first paper to print the story tele
graphed from Dawson that 200 miners had
lost their lives, announced editorially that
the news was apparently of the fake or
der. The paper recommended that • the
person from Nome who brought the story
should be given a chance on the police
wood Dlle at Dawson. -?** ¦ :¦'->:
J MacDonald Potts, manager of the
Klondike Transportation Company, whose
steamers run on the White and Stewart
rivers, is the last man out from Dawson,
and he says that the Btory must be a fab
rication. Potts says that along the Yukon
all the talk now is of the .floods that are
expected" when the ice breaks. The own
ers of the electric works at Dawson,
whose establishment Is near the water's
edge, are preparing for high water. There
is from five to eight feet of snow all along
the river and twice that depth in the
mountains. The storms are the worst
known for so late in tile year and very
few people are traveling. The season Is
ten days later than usual and if boats
get ready to leave Dawson for up-river
ports before the end of May they will
be doing more than Is at present ex
pected.
Stories of T>?aths in. a Blizzard Not
Given Much. Credit in the
&¥&?M North.
SKAGTJAY IS DOUBTFUL
OF A NOME DISASTER
BERLIN, April 21.— The Berlin Boerse
had a dull- experience last week, the vol
ume of transactions being light. The loan
continues to be heavily sold, but the quo
tations showed very slight variation.
Much interest was shown in American
railway securities, German holders selling
largely to American buyers. r>omestic
Berlin Boerse Dull.
LONDON, April 21.— With the exception
of American securities, which continued
to be buoyant, the promised Increase of
activity on the Stock Exchange following
the budget announcement was mostly un
realized. The effect of the budget wa3
largely discounted by • careful j operators.
The coal | and sugar, duties -had* been con
sidered Inevitable and brokers are thank
ful that they are no worse. "The only ap
preciable effect of the announcement of
the budget was that some operators sold
consols down to 94%, which is the lowest
price since 1891. This low price brought
in a number of buyers and there was con
sequently some recovery at a net loss of
only %.
The. prospectus of the new loan Is ex
pected in a day or two. The price will
probably be 93%, with a discount-off. Some
speculative contracts have already been
made at three-quarters premium, "what
ever the announced price may^be.
During the week home rails were down
% to 2 per cent, but dealings therein were
limited. Foreign government bonds were
moderately active, and ' there was some,
buying for Continental account of Brazil
ian bonds.
Money during the past week was alto
gether easier in tone.- On account of . the
large Government disbursements, coupled
with the gold receipts from the provinces
and abroad, the reserve has risen to
twenty-three and three-quarter millions.
The prosoect of the >new loan makes
brokers cautious about lowering the dis
count rates. Money rates were lower
during the past week by one-half per cent
to 2% per cent at call, and by 2% per cent
at notice. :••'¦ -* .'.' •¦*' ¦'-.''*
The Frankfurter Zeltung, commenting'
upon the purchase of the Chicago, Bur
lington and "Qulncy Railroad In unfavor
able terms, compares the transaction to
the methods of Jay Gould and James Flsk
and probably blames Mr. Hill, observing:
"Mr. Hill Is responsible for i purchasing
the road at the present Inflated value of
the stock, because he controls 500^)00
shares, which he and his allies bought up
cheap and are now selling to the Northern
Pacific and Great Northern roads at an
enormous profit to themselves, but to tho
disadvantage- of the purchasing lines. The
basis of exchange of the Burlington stock
for the Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific bonds involves a heavy overcapital
ization of the former."
The value of Germany's foreign trade,
including gold and silver, aa finally esti
mated, is: Imports, 6,042,000,000 marks: in
crease, 259,000,000. Exports, 5,765,000,0(0
marks; Increase, 384,000,000.
Imports from the United States. 1,020.
000,000 marks; increase, 113,000,000. Exports
to the United States, 449,000,000 marks; in
crease, 69,000,000.
railways weakened upon the lower re
ceipts.
The comments of the domestic press
upon the British export duty on coal con
tinue lively, the general conclusion being
that the < duty will react harmfully upon,
English,.coal to the advantage of the Ger
man and -American trade.
¦ The«Prussiaw railway, authorities will
order next month 300 locomotive*." - The
cost of plate rollers has reduced the price
5 marks per ton for construction mate
rial. Forced auction sales of the iron con
tinue.
BUDGET CAUSES SMALL ACTIVITY
ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE IN LONDON
white and blue, have been aaded to.com
plete the patriotic and enthusiastic words
of welcome. • .. -¦ ,'• ' ¦'. ¦- '
As the work 'progresses, thousands 'view
the scene daily. Although it will take
nearly a week to complete the design, yet
it- will be in its full perfection of color by
the time of the President's arrival about
two weeks hence. All the sod has been
removed : and with square and rule and a
few sharp-pointed sticks, the kneeling
workmen, are inserting in the ground the
diminutive plants. Hundreds of employes
and .many pedestrians line tho edge' of the
main drive overlooking the spot.. Each'
occupant and each person is enthusiastic
over its. prospective beautiful effects.
"'This will excel in beauty of effect any
bouquet that may be prepared," says^Su
perintendent. McLaren, and tile Park
Commissioners echo his sentiments, for
Conservatory..' ,Valley is a mass .; of
bloom of radiant hues and sweet scents,"
myosotis, panfeies, Topples, and all the
fipwers that bloom in- California's spring
time, disputing* with. vari-colored flower
ing shrubs, supremacy in floral beauty. \
"WTLI/ VISIT THE BIG TREES.
nia's Giant Redwoods.
President McKinley to View Califor-
SANTA CRUZ, April 21.— Great prepa
rations are being made here for the recep
tion of President McKinley. On the ex
ecutive- committee are Professor D. C.
Clark; chairman; Mayor Parker, ex-Lieu
tenant Governor W. T. Jeter, H; F. Kron,
J: F. Coope, O. J. Lincoln, A. A. Morey.
!On the arrival of the train in th8*Tnorn
ing the President will be greeted by hun
dreds "of^-school, -children, who will be
massed ar" the station, and-. all will be
M1DDLET0WN, N. Y., April 21.-Mrs.
Maria Conkling, wife of ! David Conkling
of Rockhlll, who died suddenly on Thurs
day, had a premonition of her fate and
foretold her death, having been warned in
dreams on three successive nights that her
end was near. The facts in the case,
which are authenticated by members of
her family and by neighbors to whom she
related her dreams while making prepara
tions for the death which she was con
vinced was near, are as follows:
Mrs. Conkling was 49 years old and-ap
parently in perfect health. On Monday
night she dreamed that her daughter, who
died twelve years ago, appeared to her
and beckoned to her; on Tuesday night
her mother, who died about twenty-five
years ago, appeared to her while she slept
and beckoned to her. . She told . these
dreams to her family and was much dis
turbed by them. On Wednesday night she
dreamed that a black-robed figure of
death stood by her bedside holding a taper
and, while it beckoned^ the taper suddenly
went out.
She interpreted the visions as meaning
that death was- near and that it would be
sudden, and made preparations. That af
ternoon, while engaged in household
duties, the final summons came in the
form of a stroke of apoplexy. . '^'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
—
Triple Warning Pre
cedes the Sudden
Demise of a Woman
DREAMS THRICE
PRESAGE DEATH
beak a scroll bearing -the 'baianee~of ¦ the
motto "To Our President": is worked out
in gray tones, while the words are in the
familiar State color. To complete the
design an elaborate coat of arms of .the
United States on one side and an eagle
bearing in his talons a banner of redj.
rr ylVID in color, patriotic in senti-.
\\ if ment, beautiful in design -will be
\Lf "California's Welcome • to Our
Y President" as expressed in floral
art in Golden, Gate Park. Space
for the floral designs has been chosen on
the north bank of Conservatory Valley,
near the- old music stand. .This fronts the
main drive and when the President is
driven through the park on the day set
apart the motto and emblems will loom
up most "conspicuously. ; .'¦ ; :
Superintendent McLaren has a score of
his most expert assistants' engaged in lay
ing out the selected design. From the
nursery in boxes are brought thousands
of the Altimanthera in all • varieties and
rare-colored Echevenas. National colors'
as far as practicable predominate in the
design, while green and gold will fornrthe ;
background. The combinatiori'of colors,
so far as the -work has progressed, gives
promise of a most elaborate yet harmoni-'
ous chromatic effect. x >'
The center piece of the design is the'
dome and facade of the Capitol at Wash
ington. The architectural outlines are in
red, accentuated by a pleasing and ef
fective combination of the other colors.
To the immediate left in a special scroll
is "California's Welcome," worked out in
golden-hued flowers. A grizzly rampant
forms the central figure and around and
about its feet lies the old and familiar
"bear flag." - • •..".
On the right an eagle holding in its
Expert Gardeners Are Busily Engaged Preparing Flower
Effects, Rich and Varied in Color and of Appropriate
Design in Honor of the Nation's Chief Executive
laden with flowc-rs. The. Presidential party
will be driven. up Pacific avenue, where
floral decorations are to be' a'feature, and
around the ..world's 7 famous Cliff drive.
School children. and. citizens will line the
street and give him a welcome. A trip
will be taken ;to the Big Trees by rail,
and at the grove luncheon is to be served.
It has been suggested that at thir time
one of the giants of the forest be chirst
ened McKinley. • ,-. - t: t
During the absence of the -party 'at the
Big Trees the Presidential train is to be
turned over -to. the Native Daughters of
the Golden West; who will transform it
into a floral bower. "•/.' ......
':—.':. '¦ •' ' — ? : ¦¦ . ' ¦•• ;¦..•'
Finances for ."Reception-'''. Increasing 1 .
¦ in addition to the subscriptions' for the
receptioji to-be tenderedTresident JUcKin
ley, already published! theYfol&wing con
tributions received; . 'y~_^
RapKael "Weillv& Co., » $100 r^A'.*' Schilling &
Co., $100; M. J. Brandensteur & Co.", $100;
Spring Valley Water. Company; $100; Emporium
and Golden Rule Bazaar, $100; Security Savings
Bank. $50; Wolf & Sons, $60;. Hills Bros., $30;
Welch & Co.. $50; Madison & Burke, $25; Cun
ningham, Curtiss & Welch, $25; Tufcbs. Condag-e
Company, $25: Danforth "Warehouse Company,
$25; Tacoma Mill Company, $25; North Pacific
Trading and Packing 1 Company, ,$25; Phoenix
Raisin Seeding and Packing Company, $25; S.
E. Slade Lumber Company, $25; F. P. and J.
A. Hooper, $25; H. Levi & Co., $25; California
Barrel Company, $25; M. Schussler & Co.; $25;
Paclfic.yPine Lumber Company, $25; >D. : D.
Wass, $25; Baldwin & Howell. $25; C. -W. R.
Ford & Co., $25; I. Magnin, $23; total, $1125. ? :
Several cases of fraudulent collecting
have been reported : to • the finance com
mittee, and the public is warned to make
payments Only to those who carry writ
ten authority over the signature of F. W.
Dohrmann, -chairman of the committee.
V DESIGN OF ELABORATE FLORAL EFFECTS IN GOLDEN GATE PARK INTENDED TO TYPIFY CALIFORNIA'S
WELCOME TO PRESIDENT McKINLEY. A SCORE OF GARDENERS ARE DAILY AT WORK PRODUCING
WITH PLANTS AND BLOSSOMS VARIOUS PATRIOTIC EMBLEMS.
It is suggested that there will be diffi
culty in making all duties specific and
that in many cases, perhaps, ad valorem
duties will be better. There are some ob
jections to the metric system, as American
goods are in yard folds and European
goods are in metric folds. If the yard
folds are continued it would be better for
the American manufacturers.
The Manila Chamber of Commerce asks
that four months intervene between the
promulgation of the tariff and its enforce
ment. •
No provision is made for marking oleo
margarine to distinguish it from butter.
Some months ago the War Department
published 1^ the. tariff as prepared by the
experts In the Philippines and approved
by the Taft Commission. Interested per
sons, especially manufacturers and ship
pers, were invited to examine this pro
posed tariff and make suggestions and
criticisms. It is interesting to note that
of the 419 paragraphs in the proposed
tariff only thirty-three have .provoked
criticism or suggestion. Even these are
in a mild tone, and nearly all take the
form of suggestion. Many more impor
tant suggestions are embodied in the fol
lowing.
Some Asked-For Changes. .
WASHINGTON, April 21.— It Is not like
ly that the new Philippine tariff will be
promulgated until after the decision of the
Supreme Court in the insular case. It was
said at the War Department, where the
case has received considerable attention,
that this decision may make it unneces
sary for this Government to establish, a
system of tariff, rates in the Philippines,
although the department has proceeded
with the work of equalizing the rates and
considering suggestions- as though the
coming decision would not make any
change in the present conditions.
A change Is asked In the classification
of meat products. It is said that the duty
on alcohol should be doubled, or manu
facturers of whisky will be able to use the
alcohol at a less cost than the distilled
product.
California manufacturers ask a reduc
tion on flour, cereala, prunes, benzoin,
gasoline and retro!eum, some -of them
suggesting that these articles be placed on
the free list. Condensed milk and canned
fish the Pacific desires should also be
placed on the free list.
One suggestion ¦ made \s that all mate
rials for the United States forces should
be admitted free of duty.
Some rather Interesting information has
reached the War Department In connec
tion with the tariff, it being shown that
Russia sends to the Philippines two-fifths
of all the petroleum Imported by the peo
ple of the islands.
Reductions are asked of from 20 to 30 per
cent on harness and saddleroakers' wares.
It is suggested that cheap and expensive
machinery should not pay the same rates.
Certain typewriter firms want the duty on
their machines reduced.
Alcohol Rate Too Low.
The dairy Interest believes a provision
desirable. A lower rate Is asked for. gaso
line to be used for fuel and for launches.
An advalorum duty is advised upon pre
cious stone and watches. One suggestion
is that copperas and oxide should be upon
the free list.
It is claimed that cotton yarn should not
be admitted at a lower rate than fabrics
woven from such yarn; also that tho
weight and rating of cotton tissues
should be changed In the interest of coarser
cotton . fabrics. There has been a quite
extensive discussion of this subject, and
it has been pointed out that changes in
the Cuban tariff also were needed in this
particular.
The free entry of "news" print paper Is
advocated.
New Haven Fears Awful Disaster
Would Follow. Its Rupture.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., April 2L— Reports
from around the State show that the
damage done by the floods is very serious
The worst situation Is at Winsted. where
Highland Lake threatens an overflow al
most any hour. If such occurs it is feared
a terrible loss of life and property will
ensue.
The Connecticut River at Hartford is
rising at the rate of an inch an hour. The
lower portion of - the city . Is completely
under water, and on several streets boats
have been called into service.
Two Men Drowned in Branches While
Saving Flooded Property.
HUNTINGTON. W. Va., April 21.— At 6
o'clock this evening the rain and snow
that had been falling for seventy-eight
hours ceased. The Ohio River has passed
the danger line of fifty feet and is still
rising. Fully ten feet more of water is
expected here. Great damage has result
ed throughout the southern and central
portions of the State. Carter Slatington
was drowned in Tug River and John
Swanson was drowned in the Guvandotte
while endeavoring to save property. Gat
tleeburg, Ceredo, Central City, Dingeness,
Dunlow. Barboursville and many smaller
towns are suffering heavily.
'¦'¦''¦'..¦ ; — ?
LAKE THREATENS. OVERFLOW.
OHIO RIVER PAST DANGER LINE
ly. Hurting Five People.
CHICAGO, April 21.— A high wind that
struck Chicago to-day loosened a huge
iron water tank from its fastenings on the
roof of the Galbralth building, Madison
and Franklin streets, causing it to crash
through six floors to the ground, injuring
five persons and resulting in a damage to
the*t)uilding estimated at $50,000. The in
jured are: Richard O'Brien, skull frac
tured by. falling timbers, will die; Julia
Slotkin, ¦ back and shoulders injured;
Frank . E. - Langs, scalp * wound ;. Severio
Pegaro, bootblack, shoulder . dislocated;
John Wiley, scalp wounds.
Iron Tank Falls From Roof, Serious-
Ohio Valley, However, Alarmed at
the Height of the Overflow of
..." the River. :
CINCINNATI, April 21.— There has
been more alarm throughout the' Ohio
Valley to-day on account of the floods
than at any period since 1884, when the
Ohio River reached its highest stage of
seventy-one feet and nine inches at this
city. While the water has begun to
fall at Pittsburg. the danger line has al
ready been reached at points above Cin
cinnati, and it will be reached here to
morrow morning. Early this evening the
Weather Bureau here announced heavy
• snows and rains along the Ohio "Valley.
"At Point Pleasant the stage is eight feet
above the danger line to-night, with the
river rising rapidly, with a heavy rain.
The Mayor of Portsmouth, Ohio, tele
graphed that the danger line had been
reached there. Similar reports have been
received from all over Southern Ohio and
as far north as Springfield. Trains are
late on all railroads. It is generally con
ceded that, the fruit crop throughout the
Ohio Valley is gone, and the damage to
crops is very great.
INJURED IN CHICAGO .. GAIiK
DANGER LINE AT CINCINNATI.
Residents Fire at Passing Packets,
Which Are Washing Away Foun- .
¦ - dationduof Houses. •
WHEELING, Wi Va., April : 21.— The
river here is 41 feet 4 inches and rising
two inches an hour. Wheeling is entirely
cut off from outside communication by
rail, and only the big Cincinnati liners are
able to run now. Residents along the
river banks are firing frequently at- the
boats because the swell from them is
washing the foundations away from their
houses. To-night a Wheeling Island man
fired at the packet Keystone 'State and at
a passing towboat, but without effect. In
"Wheeling about 500 houses have been, en
tered by the water. Nearly every manu
facturing; establishment in the Wheeling
district is shut down.
The aggregate loss in this district is at
least $100,000. Above Martins Ferry, James
Ford, a miner, discovered the Cleveland
and Pittsburg track washed out and suc
ceeded in stopping the northbound pas
senger train a few yards from certain de
struction. The Ohio River Railroad has
a number of landslides.
United States Senator Scott wires from
Washington, contributing $500 1 for the re
lief of the sufferers, i ( .-_-. ...
SHOOTING AT THE STEAMBOATS.
little improvement to the service thus far.
. Throughout the day big gangs of men
have been at work on the various lines re
setting poles and stringing wires. Trains
on. practically all roads entering the city
from the west continue to arrive from one
to three hours behind schedule. This is
especially true of the lines from the
east. There are no wires to facilitate the
movements of trains and this is respon
sible to a large extent for the delay to
traffic. - ,
The traffic on the city street car lines
continued to be badly crippled all day as
a result of the deep snow and slush on the
tracks. So heavy is the snow and slush in
many places that the. most "powerful
sweepers become stalled in it. A large
section of the city is still cut off from
communication by wire with fire head
quarters as a result of the general pros
tration of the -wires. -
BIG LAKE AT BEAVER FALLS.
Body of Water Occupies th.e Place of
North End Squares.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 21,-The report
to-night from Rochester is that the Ohio
has overflowed its banks and a consider
able portion of the city lying south of
the Fort Wayne Railroad track is sub
merged. The river is still rising, and a
steady downpour of rain continues. The
loss to manufacturing plants along- the
river will.be heavy. At Beaver Falls, Pa.,
several sauares in the north end of the
town were converted into a lake. Reports
from up river points! received at Pittsburg
up to 10 p. m. are meager, but for the
most part are encouraging.
The storm left a zone of ruin 200 miles in
diameter.
Some municipalities are in dire straits
from rain. Traffic has been practically
suspended. Water overflowed and washed
out railroad tracks and hillsides, and
came down and buried the rails. In ad
dition, nearly every town- on the Ohio
River between Pittsburg and Wheeling is
in darkness to-night, owing to damaged
wires. '
The money loss is difficult to foot up.
It may reach IS.OOO.OOO. 1 The telegraph
companies have suffered severely.' There
is an enormous indirect damage caused
by suspension of trade.
FIERCE STORMS OF SNOW BLOCK
EASTERN MAIL TRAIN TRAVEL
Telegraph Lines Go Down, Gars Are Stalled
and in Greater New York-Sweepers Sent to
Clean the Streets Get Mired in the Slush
NEW YORK, April 2L— Because of the
heavy storm which has been raging in the
East all traffic into Cleveland has been de
layed from two to twelve hours. The
Grand Central depot presented a strange
appearance this afternoon, as the belated
Western trains-arrived several hours late,
with their roofs and steps encrusted with"
enow and ice. Friends of the long-due
passengers hung around the depot all day
and rushed to meet the weary passengers
every time a train came in. The disap
pointments were frequent, as most of the
trains were divided into sections at Buf
falo.
The Atlantic express, which carries all
the mail east of Chicago, and which was
due at 5:30 a. ni., arrived seven hours be
hind time 1 . The New York and New Eng
land express, due at 2:55 p. m., arrived in
two sections, the first section being two
hours and twenty minutes late and the
second section five hours late. The first
section brought with it a Lake Shore train
from the West due at 1:30 p. m. Most of
the Western trains on the Pennsylvania
were also far behind their schedule time.
Oreat difficulty -was experienced in petting
the trains through east of Pittsburg.
At the postoffice this afternoon it was
said that all mail matter east of San
Francisco was 'ate. The 4:45 a, m. train,
one of the fastest in the service, carrying
all the Northwestern mail east of San
Francisco, did not get in until 11 a. m.,
makim? it six hours and forty-five minutes
late. The New York and Dunkirk train on
the Erie, carrying all the New York State
mail, due at 6:30 a. m., had not arrived up
to 3:30 p. m. Most of the other minor
trains carrying mail were also late.
Considerable property was destroyed
along West street in this city, owing to
the flooding of cellars. Large quantities
of perishable produce was stored in the
cellars along: 'his street and : much of it
was destroyed by the water, which, in
many places, was waist deep. In several
of the old-fashioned houses where there
are no cellars the water came above the
flooring and office furniture could be seen
floating around the stores on the ground
floor.
War Department Gotifciders.. Suggestions, but
Schedule Will Not Be Promulgated Until
the Status of the Colonies Is Determined
REVISING THE PROPOSED TARIFF
FOR THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Only Way to Get a Com-
plete Cure for
Catarrh Deafness,
w*&^S!S^^ Tl)roat
Langs •
IS TO TREAT IT ANTISEPTICLT.
The only way to do this is with the Co'tt'i--
ham NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Invented
and patented by '• -
DR.COTTINGHAM,
Expert on EAR. NOSE. THROAT and LUNO
DISEASES.
2O4 Sutler St., NVV. Cor. of Kearny,
FREE— Absolutely free Examination and on*
week s treatment given to convince you of tfc* •
superior merit of this new treatment. 2000 test
eases. 95 p»r cent cured. Try It FREE and t»
convinced while you can. Call at onc» .or writ*.
•'«^^^*^%^^^^%^%^^^^%.»
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S gbeat^
OF ANATOMY?
\ ,Cjf w Th^ l-»»B«t Anatomical Museum in the \
9 JgJrfiA l>- ** **• w e»knesses « T »=T contracted g
© [Sjk I b P e<:ai>^ on the Coast. Esc Jo year*. O
S $%£*& DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN A
A I%M?II Consultation free and itrklljr prlrate. \
W I J&'5t O Tr «™ent personally or by letter. A M
\ I W V ¦ -Pomimt Curt ia every case undertaken. V
§V\l A Write for Book, PHILO*OPay .1 A
r » tt 1 SARBMCK. MAILED FREE. (AT
A (X U- valuable book lor mm) \
V OB- JOB»AX «fc CO.: 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
DR. MEYERS&CO. Jfli%
Specialists. DIs- *£&? 1»
ease and Weakness Sg {>.
of men. Estab- /^fcy ¦*=^Qj/^^3L
lishedim. Consul- Kj* aj^mSa
tation - and private V "%&>¦ T^"^ VT
. book free, at office J j6M[ J *
or by mail. Cures - WtillL <Gte2®9»
sruaranteed. 7I.1 KJwliPc^'ilS
Market street (ele- l^iSfflU*!?
v a t o r entrance), A /fiNSSgm^
San Francisco. .*4!lMwS&*!rZa!i£%!£^fr
RADWAI'S KEADXEEI1£F haa -t^
unrivaled before the cubllc for 50 years a*i
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and ouicWy
C £?, 3 Colds. Sore Throat*. Influenza. Bron-
ctutls. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Tootache and all pain.. Internal?*
for Malaria and all Bowel Paint. AlldrS«uJi
- JhHHHk -."
[ KID GLOVE
| BARGAIN I
I Regular value $1.00 and $1.25. Eg
500 dozen extra fine quality La- fij
dies' Two-Clasp Kid Gloves, in m
black, red and brown, all sizes. E
MOSS' GLOVE STORE I
. 1210 MARKET STREBT, §
Between Taylor and Jones. . Ja
N. B. — Special offerings in n
. Black Carriage Parasols, from 11
45c up. '. .' HSilence may be* golden/ but it Is not
above suspicion. > v
Will Receive Entries for- Dog Show.
The San ; Francisco Kennel Club office
at 14 Post street. will. be open for: receipt
of entries for the coming -bench show
from 8 a. m. to 10 p.'m. daily until April
27, when entries, close. .
Cadets Play Baseball.
"Company I _ and . Company . . H of , the
League '; of the ' Cross •' Cadets . played a
close game of baseball yesterday morn
ing at the Presidio Athletic Grounds, the
former winning by a score of 10-8. In the
afternoon Company -N .defeated Com
pany. Lbya score of 8-4. . - .
Teachers' Annuities Paid.
The Teachers'. Annuity and Retirement
Fund Commission : met - Saturday, 1 , with
Mayor Phelan and Superintendent Web
ster present. Thafsum of J2S10 80 was'or
dered paid for annuities, leaving a balance
of $27 01: The total amount in the perma
nent fund was found to be $12,333 8S. Two
annuitants. Miss Josephine Van Gerichten
and George Brown, have died, leaving
twenty-eight now on the roll;
Handball Gaines.
At the San Francisco Handball Court
the following games were played yester
day: . . -
D. Rodgers and*M. McLeod.... 21 21 17 21 21
M. McNeil and P. Mclntyre.... 13 16 21 20 14
T. Finn and TV Sweeney... *21 17 21 13 21
P. Farrell and J. Madden : 10 21 13 21 13
J. McXamara and J.Welch.... 21 21 IS "10 21
S. Garvey and J. Bolster....... 17 11 21 21 15
M. Dillon and T. McManus ;. 21 21 21
G. Hutchlnson and P. Kelly 17 19 15
T. Serres and J. Glynn.. ......... 21 14 21 19 21
F. Smith and W. Johnson 10. 21 13 21 16
H.' J. Rogers and P.' Ryan.. ..21 21 13 • 21
W. F. Stapft and E. White 17 19 21 12
W. "Williams and D. Connelly 21 21 21
M. Joyce and W. Kelly.....: 20 12 15
M. M. Guthrle and Fred Smith.... 21 13 21 21
A.,Whiteman and W. F.'Stapff..-.. U 21 19 17
J. "White and E. Curley..... 21 18 21 19 21
W. Magulre and E. Maloney.... 13 21 18 ; 21 17
J. Collins and T. Leach ........•„ 21 17 21
J. C. Nealon and M. J. Kllgallon..'.... 18 21 19
G P. Coles 72 40 1-4
D. Jamteson 49 8 2
A. B. Willis 54 2S 0
W. L. Comyn 4S 22 l 'i
W. Petherick 19 10 l
Castdy bowled two wides and Jamieson and
Petherick one each.
Total '. 137
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for" 40
two for 66. three for 75. four for 85, five for 107'
six for, 124. seven for 129, eight for 132, nine for
153. ten for 157. .
SUMMARY OF BOWLIXG.
Bowler— B. R. M. "W
H. C. Cssidy 99 40 4 a
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
J. H. Saunders, b. Coles m
B. Bird, c and b. Comyn "" §7
J. J. Moriarty, retired --.-...
A. E. Chivers. c. Casidy, b. Coles... " o
F. Croll. b. Coles ".
H. Ward Jr., c. Casidy. b. Coles ""* 51
R. B. Hogue, c. Coles, b. Casidy *" 9
V. Seebeck, c. Myers, b. Comyn... ""** n
F. Stahl, c. and b. Casidy "*'" J
E. Ward, not out > '" -
A. S. Willis, b. Casidy ";"."'" 0
Extras — ".'.'.'. 9
feat the Pacific Eleven by a
Handsome Margin.
The opening cricket match of the new
century was played on the ground at
Webster street. Alameda. between the
Pacific and Alameda elevens, and ended
in an easy victory for the latter by 65
runs. Pacifies went to the bat flrst with
?m T w d £™fi" but 1° stand was mad e
till A W. Wilding and D. Jamieson got
together, the former compiling 18 and the
latter 27. Five wickets were down for 80
runs, but the remaining batsmen in
creased this score only to 92 For the
Alameda team F Croll took four wickets
and Harold Ward captured three
The Alameda team made a good start
with J. H. Saunders and B. Bird, the
former scdring 22 and the latter 27. J J
Moriarty/ added 32 before retiring, and
Harold Ward compiled 51. Before the
fifth wicket fell the Pacific team was
beaten the innings closing for the good
total of Io7 runs. Coles took four of the
winners' wickets, and Casldy captured
three. The full scores are given below:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
J. Myers, b. Croll ....'..... «
C. P. Coles, c. H. Ward Jr.. b. Croli «
A. B. Wilding, c. E. Ward. b. Bird is
D. Jamieson. run out "* i?
F. Bennion. b. Croll • I
H. C. Casldy. run out " %
J. J. Theobald, b. H. Ward Jr..".""*"* ?
W. Petherick. b. H. Ward Jr e
T. J. A. Tiedemann, b. H. Ward Jr *" o
W. L. Comyn, not out *""* ->
A. B. WiUls, b. Croll ' ' n
Extras ".:!!!]".'" 3
Total "^
Runs at fall of each wicket— One" for'li "two
for 26, three for 56. four for 70 five for SO six
ten for IT" 611 *"" S9 ' ClSht for ' 83 ' nlne f0 *" 91 '
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— b. R. m W
H. Ward Jr g« J9 2 3
B. Bird 42 11 ? 1
f. cron ::::: " il I 1
A. E. Chivers 12 6 0 0
J. H. Saunders 18 23 0 o
Ward Jr. bowled one wide and Chivers one
no ball.
ALAMEDA CRICKETERS
WIN OPENING MATCH
Winners of Last Year's Pennant De-
William .Muller, a barkeeper employed
by I>. Susing, Twelfth and Franklin
streets, Oakland, shot himself through
the heart to-night in the room occupied
by his wife at 533 Hobart street. Muller
was married last August, but had been
separated from his wife some time. Re
cently Mrs. Muller brought suit for di
vorce, and to-night Muller went to ,the
Hobart-street house to see her.
Just what' passed between the two at
this last interview Mrs. Muller declines
to state, but it is probable that the bar
keeper made threats against his wife's
life, as they had been together but a few
minutes when she suddenly screamed and
Jumped through the .window on to the
porch. Muller killed himself a moment
later. - ¦' i
Muller left a note saying that If any
thing happened to him J. E. McElroy, his
attorney, would look after his affairs, and
this fact, together with Mrs. Muller's leap
through ¦ the window, leads the police to
believe that. Muller contemplated killing
the woman and then committing suicide.
W. Muller Kills Himself
in Room Occupied
by Wife.
PUTS A BULLET
THROUGH HEART
ETAHTORD DOES NOT
GET A SINGLE SET
California gave Stanford a terrible drub
bing on the California tennis courts Sat
urday in the tenth annual intercollegiate
tennis tournament. It was the most sig
nal victory either college has won since
intercollegiate tennis was started.
\ Several hundred people were on hand to
encourage the collegians ' when play was
called. Both singles events were played
at the same time, but the one between
Harry Wiehe and Paul Selby attracted
the most attention. At the start the for
mer tried to. play the net game, but ho
soon realized that that would not do, as
Selby was passing him continually with
both back and fore hand drives. Selby 1 s
accuracy in placing his • drives was re
markable, and his opponent seemed to
lose confidence very rapidly as the game
progressed. Wiehe, whose forte is vol
leying, was very weak at the net. Selby.
played by far the best game he has ever
put up, but Wiehe was a trifle off in his
play. The complete score in favor of
Selby was 6—2, &— 3, 6—3. . .
While Selby was disposing of Wlehe
Drummoiid McGavin was administering
an equally crushing defeat to William
Roth, Stanford's second man- in singles.
McGavin, who is usually very nervous in
a tournament, was perfectly cool through
out tho match and executed his long,
sweeping drives to perfection. Roth made
a good stand in the second set, pulling it
up from 3—5 to 5—5, only to lose 'in the
end, S— 6. McGavin outplayed his oppo
nent at every point of the game, and his
smashing ¦ was a feature. The score ln
McGavin's favor was 6—1, 8—6, 6—3. :
Henry Wlehe and Dick Adams, the fa
mous pony team, were generally picked to
win the doubles, but the California men
showed that they can play doubles fully
as well as singles. "With the tennis cham
pionship already won the California men
were very confident and took many
chances, while the . Stanford men were
discouraged and played on the defensive
throughout. Adams played a line .game,
but Wlehe was very much disheartened
and did not support his partner as well
as usual. McGavin and Selby played an
aggressive game from start to finish.
Both men drove splendidly from the back
court and up. at the net killed. everything.
The Stanford men resorted to a lobbing
game, which did not prove very effective
against their hard-hitting opponents. The
first set : was very • close, but after that
everything went Berkeley's way and she
won the next two sets rather . easily.
Adams played a very gritty game and
tried hard to stave off defeat, but to no
avail. The score in favor of -Selby and
McGavin, the California men, was 7—5,
&-3, 6-3.
Of the ten intercollegiate tennis tour
naments played each college has won five.
AMATETJK- TTAiT.F-MILE
, . CYCLING RECORD GOES
SAN JOSE, April 21.— In the bicycle
races at Cyclers' Park this afternoon Bur
ton Downing broke tho world's one-half
mile amateur record of :59 2-5. He rode
the distance in 59 seconds flat.', Howard
Freeman defeated Tom Cooper ln the one
mile match race by winning two straight
heats. Summary: • , ¦
One-third mile, novice— Walter Demar won
H. Lowe second, B. J. Hullo third.- Time,
M9 1-5. ' •. •
Two-third mile., professional handicap— Tom
Cooper won, H. Freeman eecond, H. Downing
third. Time, 1:22 2-5. '\ S
Half-mile handicap, amateur— Burton Down
ing won. Lace Downing second. Pat McDonald
third. ' Time. :bO. ¦
Mile match race between Howard Freeman
and Tom Cooper— Freeman won. Time, 2:05 4-5,
Flv«-mil8 handicap, amateur— Lace Downing
won. Burton Downing second. Pat McDonald
third. Time. 12:23 3-5.
A past master in politics often turns
out to be the future village Postmaster.
BUTTE, Mont., April 21.— A special from
Chestnut, Mont., to the Miner says: Henry
H. Morrlck, a 7-year-old grandson of Hen
ry Harrison, a well-known rancher, was
instantly killed at the Roup farm, on the
Yellowstone Railroad, last night, j The
youngster entered the granary to drive
out some chickens and while he was doing
so a chicken flew against a loaded gun
in the building, knocking it down, the
force of the fall causing the -veapon to be
discharged. The contents struck the little
fellow, killing him instantly.
CHICKEN" FIRES THE SHOT
WHICH KILL'S SMALL BOY
Plans Conservative Beform.
Perhaps the most Important feature of
the document is its general presentation
of, the view that the time is now at hand
for China to adopt plans of conservative
Wu Is a. loval and devoted admirer' of
this country and its institutions, and he
has not been in sympathy with past ef
forts for excessive change, as in his judg
ment they went so far as to invite pre
judice and opposition, not only in im
perial and other ruling quarters, but also
with the mass of the peop" , who are slow
to realize the advantage of sweeping
changes. In the present Instance he has
sought to find a middle ground of con
servative Improvement which would com
mend itself both to the Chinese Govern
ment and to the world at large as calcu
lated to remove tho most serious obsta
cles la tha way of progress.
In determining upon this course. Minis
ter Wu is acting entirely upon* his own
Initiative and responsibility and without
any preference to hla status a» Minister
to Washington or on any suggestion from
official* here. While he has had the mat
ter \n contemplation for eiome time, yet
there has been no occasion or opportun
ity for giving expression to his plans.
Now, however, this opportunity ha* pre
vented itaelt In tho form ot u recent Im
perial edict invittne tho hleh otttclal* ot
China «t homo and abroad— Viceroy*.
Oovernow ami Mlnlaters abroad— to pre
sent to the Government every facility at
their command to afd In overcoming the
invfMMii tll«MHtrouft condition of ufralr*.
The edict points out past evIU and hold*
in severe account the members of the old
regime whose conduct has been largely
responsible for the distress through which
the country ht»« passed. The Government
therefore asks for every aid which Its
patriotic cltl*cns can bring to It In over
coming the evils of the past and In estab
lishing a'secure basis for the future. Act
ing upon this edict Mr. Wu has prepared
his comprehensive memorial to the Gov
ernment. A memorial of this character,
It is said, Is the most important act a
Chinese official can take, for it Is not re
sorted to except on rare occasions when
the gravity of a cause warrants an offi
cial to comeilnto immediate communica
tion with the imperial authorities on high
questons of state.
People Slow to Realize.
He has prepared a comprehensive docu
ment, covering twenty heads dealing with
administrative, economic and financial
questions, and taking In practically the
entire range of Government afflairs so far
as there seems to be at present oppor
tunity of rehabilitating them on modern
and progressive lines. The document is,
however, most conservative In character
and purposely ayolds radicalism and ex
treme reforms Vvhich have interfered
with previous efforts to bring about a
change in the existing order of affairs.
CHICAGO, April 21.— The . Chinese Mlnr
ister, Wu Ting Fang:, is about to make
a move of far-reaching Importance to the
affairs of China and one which' cannot.
It is believed, but engage the favorable
attention of all the foreign powers inter
ested in the affairs of the Chinese Gov
ernment. It is based upon his Intimate
acquaintance with the affairs of the west
ern world and points out wherein there
Is the opportunity for China to adopt an
enlightened and progressive policy, which
will brins it into harmony with the sis
terhood of nations and at the same time
will relieve it from the present perplexi
ties which are crowding upon It at all
hands.
AMONG THE CONSPICUOUS ELKS AT THE SACRAMENTO CIRCUS WILL. BE JOHN MACKEY AS RINGMASTER,
GEORGE "W. JACKSON AS A CLOWN AND A GREAT BAREBACK RIDER IN THE PERSON OF"* FRANK E.
WRIGHT.
the border, arguing that it might just as
well been allowed to remain where it was.
KOREA WELL BORROW MONEY.
France to Supply Funds for the Seoul-
Wiku Railway.
YOKOHAMA. April £2.— The Korean
Government, according to advices Just re
ceived from Seoul, the capital of Korea,
has decided to borrow from Franc© 5.000,
o:w yen for the purpose of constructine tho
Northern ltallway. from Seoul to Wiku.
It J» asserted that it was objected to
pledplnc the Korean customs «9 security
lor this loan, which created a desire In
certain Quarter* for th« dt9mlK»al of Mr.
MoCle-uvy Urown. Director Ueneral of
Korean Oumomn. '
According to xht> name aflvlcrs Vtc<» Ad.
nural Seymour nnd Sir Claude MacDon*
aid. UritlPit Minuter to Japan, have ar
llved mi Chrmuljw. Korea, tin board th«
nritUh eruls<rr Powerful, and It la ex
pected that they will have nn audience
with Emperor Ntune.
Th*> correspondent ndfi* that Russia Is
nttrmpilnR to i>rocuro a leane of Chin
H.ii Hay. - •
INDEMNITY FOR AMERICANS.
PAOTINGFU. April 17.— Dr. Peck has
•succeeded In n«rgntlat!ng- an agreement
with local officials here providing for the
payment of on indemnity of 40.000 taels
to the American Board of Foreign Mis
sions for tho destruction of property by
Boxers, payment of this sum to be made
within fifteen months. Dr. Peck has also
secured a gift of five acres of land for the
Presbyterians and a special indemnity of
15.000 taels. payment of which to be made
within a year. This agreement is similar
WOODLAND. April 21.-Followinjr the
meeting of the executive committee of the
Sacramento Development Association* on
Saturday afternoon was a public meeting
which lasted into the night and which
was well attended by members of B.oards
of Trade, Chambers of Commerce. Super
visors and other organizations of the
twelve counties comprising the associa
tion.
The election of officers of the associa
tion for the ensuing year resulted as fol
lows: President, W. S. Green: secretary,
W. C. Wright; treasurer, Frank Miller.
Vice presidents were elected as follows:
J. J. Chambers, Shasta; J. F. Foster Te
hama; R. M. Green, Butte; Colonel
Forbes. Yuba: H. J. Stabler. Sutter- "W J
Englebright, Placer; J. O. Coleman, Sac
ramento: P. R. Garnett. Glenn; Colusa,
J. W. Kaeurth; C. W. Thomas, Yolo; R.
Burcur, Soluno.
A motion prevailed that it was the
sense of the meeting that the twelve
counties in the association send one rep
resentative to the Pan-American Exposi
tion to be held in Buffalo, and that each
of the twelve counties be requested to fur
nish for distribution literature setting
forth its resources.
President Green, Secretary Wright and
J. O. Coleman were appointed a com
mittee to forward to members of the
boards of supervisors of the twelve
counties copies of the president's annual
report, also a letter containing estimates
of the cost of maintaining the association
another year, and of keeping a renresen
tative at Buffalo durins the exposition
with an urgent request that each of the
counties make an appropriation for that
purpose.
The executive committee of the asso
ciation will meet in Vacavllle on the third
Saturdav in May.
Sacramento Develop
ment Association
Outlines Its Work
to .» on . e made ln Shantung province and
11 'SP? 1 } the cl aims of the Ministers.
The officials are extremely willing to com
pensate the missionaries directly, and will
t>e glad to see their work re-established.
borne Catholic converts lately captured
two parties of armed Boxers and handed
them over to the military for punishment.
A prominent Chinese gentleman resid
ing fourteen miles south of hero, who was
mediating to secure indemnities for
Protestants and Catholics, was called to
his door by armed Boxers last night and
Instantly killed. Travel is everywhere
reported to be unsafe unless travelers are
in sufficient numbers to protect them
8C»YC3«
TAKES A LOAN FROM RUSSIA.
SHANGHAI. April M.-Tlw Tartar uen
eral at Tons? Tien, Manchuria, has bar
rowed t>f the Russians, on the security
i.Lll?. 1 " 1 ? 11 * n . rt . »»° u <«***. tha sum of
DELEGATES BOOM
THEIR COUNTIES
BOXERS REPEL FORCE SENT MUST THEM UNO KILL A MAJOR,
Continued From First Page.
SANTA BARBARA, April 21.— A freight
train on the coast line, leaving here at 10
o'clock this morning, was wrecked at
Summerland. about six miles south of this
city. The trucks of one of the cars
about the middle of the train left tho
rails and before the train could be
stopped six cars had been piled upon the
tracks, all badly broken. No one was In
jured, the crew being in the caboose,
which did not leave the rails. A wreck
ing train has been sent for to clear the
tracks. The rails and ties are torn up for
a distance of 300 yards. Passengers and
baggage on Incoming trains are being
transferred around the wreck.
FREIGHT TRAIN WRECK
ON THE COAST ROAD
Wu*s memorial win ro even further
than the powers have aus seated as to
the demand ot a modern torelen service*.
Instead of a board he will propose that
one official be clven the authority and re
sponsibility of Ulrectlnsr tha foreign af
fairs of tn* empire, lia does not re.ctir«l
It an essential that this one official »hall
b« a Prtnco of tho blood, although It
need b« preference micht bo fttven to a
Prince if he had the other requisite* of
Ability tor foreign administration.
Tho memorial will urs« that the mi
preme test In the election ot this hKn
official shall bo ability nncl tUneaa for
tho special ditties to which h* U appoint*
ed. It will be ootnted nut that by vir
tue ot hi a novitlon h« ohould bo a mem
ber of the Privy Council, and thus be able
to N«vure ready Acce«a to the Umpcror.
While thla official would bo olmrcM
with the responsibility, yet for adminis
trative purpose* he would have under htm
two or three assistants. This woutd con
stitute-the entire executive organization.
so far as relates to tho foreign affairs of
the empire, and such additional officials
as might be required would bo ar>potrUe«l
for the purposes of carrying on the bust
ness of the office. There would be no
need of two assistant secretaries with n
knowledge of foreign languages, ns such
officials would be nothing more than in
terpreters. Wu's plan Is to confine the
responsible authority within narrow lim
its, leaving assistants, interpreters, etc.,
to carry on the administrative work. In
other respects the memorial will present
in detail the best features of Western ad
ministration applicable to China. The doc
ument Is practically completed, and soon
will be laid before the Imperial Govern
ment.
One Man Must Reign.
The plan of the powers, as recently made
known in dispatches from Peking, Is that
the old board of ten members shall be
replaced by a new board of five members,
with a Prince of the blood at it9 head, two
Ministers of Foreign Affairs and two Vice
Ministers, the latter to have a knowledge
of foreign languages. This plan has not
been wholly satisfactory to the foreign
Ministers and their Governments, but
they have accepted Jt with the belief that
it will be at least an Improvement on tha
old Tsunc-U Yamen. and one* which woxikl
be more likely to concur with China's de
sire to have Important work performed
by boards Instead of Individuals.
reform, i In stating the need and ajrere
gate of this the Minister's memorial will
point to the lesson Japan-has given to the
¦world. Up to a few years ago the condi
tions In China and Japan were almost
Identical. But by the gradual adoption
of modern methods of procedure Japan
has brought- herself Into close communi
cation with the rest of the world, and
now occupies an enviable position among
the other recognized great powers. Min
ister Wu holds that there Is nothing lack
ing In the resources of China or in the
character of her people to keep her from
securing the same advantages that have
come to Japan. The memorial does not.
however, confine itself to generalization,
but specifies along what lines changes
can be made with advantage. As stated,
these cover administrative, economic and
financial . conditions. In some respects,
also, Mr. Wu's recommendations will take
up lines of reform that have been brought
forward by the powers m the negotiations
at Peking, and will point out that instead
of resisting: them it will be to the ad
vantage of China to go even further than
the powers have suggested. For, Instance,
one of the most important subjects re
cently under consideration has been that
relating to the establishment of & for
eign office at Peking to take the place ot
the Tsung-11 Yamen.
SACRAMENTO, April 21.— The local
lodge of Elks is making prepara
tions for a great circus to be given
in this city on Monday and Tuesday
nights, April 29 and 30. All the well
known Elks of the city will take leading
parts.
On the Saturday night preceding the cir
cus there will be a convention of commer
cial travelers in Sacramento, and they
have all sent word that they Intend to re
main over and see the fun. The difficulty
that now confronts^the projectors is the
securing of a location spacious enough to
accommodate the thousands who will seek
admittance. The proceeds will be devoted
to charity.
John Mackey, the veteran horseman and
superintendent of the Hancho del Paso;
Assistant Attorney General Charles N.
Post and Senator C. M. Belshaw will be
ringmasters. E. W. Hale, head of one of
the largest mercantile firms in the State,
will sell peanuts. Mayor George H. Clark
will do some stunts on a horse. City Clerk
M. J. Desmond will try to prevail upon
the spectators to remain in their seats for
the inevitable minstrel show, while State
Controller E. P. Colgan, State Printer A.
J. Johnston and County Clerk W. B. Ham
ilton will aid in selling shrimp-pink lem
onade in capacious schooners at a dime a
glass. Frank L. Gray, one of the propri
etors of" the Golden Eagle Hotel, will
usher people to their seats, and W. O.
Bowers, proprietor of the Capital Hotel,
will sell them peanuts and concert tick
ets. George W, Jackson and Joseph M.
Anderson will bo clowns and Frank V*.
Wright and Homer Buckman will be
bareback riders.
The Elks will take part In the circus ac
cording to this schedule;
Business managers— 15. T. Conn and Joaeph
M. Anderson.
| Kxwutlvft commute*— C. C. Robtrtton, I*
M. Schworer. George H. Lavenson, George Bul
lock, |F. G. Smith, j
Press N and advertising: committee— W. H."
Trelchlef. C. I>. Miel. Fred Broich.
Programme committee — W. F. Peterson Sr..
John Clauss, S. H. Farley, S. I. Hopkins. Claus
Anderson, A. P. Booth, Mose Lavenson, Thomas
Schad.
Street parade committee— Tom Scott. T. "W.
Heintzleman, TV. F. Peterson Jr., O. W. Xoack.
E. M. Graham.
Ringmasters— John Mackey, C N. Post, C.
II. Belshaw.
Equestrians— F. ¦ E. "Wright, Dr. C. H. Ble
mer. H. O. Buckman, Georgre H. Clark, C. C.
Gaines, Dr. C. I* Megowan, P. A. Lafferty,
Frank- Lyman.C. E. Paine, E. E. Maxwell,
H. • I. Seymour, W. C. Hendricks, Dr. W. O.
Girardey, E.C.' Adams, C. E. Harrison. H.
J. FUrley.
Athletics-I* S.'Upson. A. VT. Yoerk, H. A.
Mohr, F. M. . Newbert, F. J. Ruhstaller.
Clowns committee — George W. Jackson,
George B. Lovdal, Joseph M. ' Anderson, I*.
S. Upsori, J. M. Henderson Jr., George P.
SelHnger. Ed L.ynn, Ira A very, H. K. Mc-
Lennan, George W." White, F. C. Schuler. C.
H. Rippon. H. T. Silvius. C. A. de Coe.
Circus lemonade, peanuts and concert tickets
—Fred Trout, Charles T. Barton, W. J. Elder,
Fred Harjes, E. A. Crouch, E. W. Hale, E.
P. Colgan, Gua Lavenson, J. ! J. Clark, Al
Llndley, T. W. McAullfTe. C. K. Llpman. Dr.
Clifford Todd. E. C. Roeder, A. T. Tralnor.
Dr. G. W. Dufflcy, Dr. T. F. Cox, W. H.
Govan, R. M. Richardson, T. R. Jones, W. O.
¦Bowers.- W, B. Hamilton. ¦ C. A. Palm. S. W.
McKim, Timothy Lee, A, J. Johnston. E. S.
AVachhorst, F. A. Wieland, O. W". Erlewlne.
C. E. Trainor.
Ushers — J. A. Blair. J. C. Boyd, T. J. Finn.
Dr. D, F. Fox. T. J, Hanrahan. 1, 8ohad, F.
L, Gray. W. F, Geary Jr.. W, W, Martin, A.
C. Kaufman, George Featherston.
Concert'— J. A. Owena, M. J. Desmond, C.
M. Vhlnney.
Sideshows— W, E. Iiovdal, "W, F. Peterson
Jr., H. T. 3Uvtu», WUUam Beckman. E, M.
Graham, Andy Humpol.
Doorkeepers— M, J. IMllman, R, T, D«vUn,
F. T. Johnson. J. B, Sullivan. Dr. W. J. Tay
lor. F. D. Ryan, T. H, Berkey, James SeuvU
l.r! a. i:, nood. J. M. Hiesins.
Seer.io artt*t-A. S. OaHer.
Extraordinary Entertainment in Which Prominent Sacra
mento People Will Participate Is *1n Preparation for
Sake of Sweet Charity at -the End of This Month
MERRY ELKS WILL RULE THE RING
AND RIDE FIERCE CIRCUS STEEDS
CHINESE MINISTER NOW OFFERS
SOLUTION OF ORIENTAL PUZZLE
• ~ • —
Prepares Memorial Setting Forth Mutual Ad
vantage to Come Out of the Growth
of Gradual Conservative Improvement
for a man to go to McKittrick and ex
press sympathy for' jumpers," was the
way one man climaxed an Interview. He
would not say there was a vigilance com
mittee on the West Side, but said there
appeared to exist a general understanding
that the time had arrived to make a
united move against the jumpers and im
ported "gun men."
The Injunction complaint literally ac
cuses the Mount Diablo people of Thurs
day night's bloodshed and this complaint
is verified by Claflin. It is reported that
the vice president of the Superior Sunset
Company refused to verify it. The other
officers of the company are absent.
The v/arrants for the arrest of the
Mount Diablo people who were in Mid
way the night of the battle have not yet
been issued. It is surmised that they are
waiting till one or both of the wounded
men die so a complaint of a definite na
ture can be made. Claflin said they were
waiting developments; The statement
was made this evening by one of the
Mount Diablo men that proof could be
produced and would be at the proper time
that Walker was shot by his own crowd
and not by the vigilantes.
Dispute Between the People orT^the Oil
Lands in Kern County May Soon Culmi
nate in Another Clash of Desperate Men
"Are your forces prepared for it?"
"Well, we are a little better fixed than
vre were the other nlgnt. We will not be
surprised, I j?uess. f
"I don't believe It would be very healthy
When the stage arrived from Sunset this
afternoon Judge Claflin received a letter
written this morning from the camp of
the Jumpers, and the letter said indica
tions betokened another attack on the
laag-er. "Mysterious movements," which
are not explained, cause the situation to
appear exceedingly critical.
"We anticipate something of the kind at
any time." said the Judge.
These were the words spoken by a prom
inent member of the Mount Diablo Com
pany this evening: -when discussing the
possibilities of another clash between the
vigilantes and«khe Superior Sunset people,
now in possession of the disputed ground
in Midway district, where the bloody en
counter took place Thursday nigrht.
BAKERSFIELD, April 21.— "Mark what
I tell you; every one of them will be mas
eaered If they don't gret off that land."
v Spscial Dispatch, to Tlie Call.
ARMED FORCES ARE AWAITING
A SIGNAL FOR MORE BLOODSHED
THii SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1901.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' >i
-b^. s^l The Nursing
Mother
ai 'ds ner offspring and herself
- ANHEUSER-BUSCH'S
the food drink— recommended by doctors.
Invalids and convalescents benefit materi-
ally by its^ tonic properties, stimulating
the appetite^ and aiding digestion. Sold
by all druggists. Prepared only* by the
AnheuserBuschBrewingAssn
St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the famous Budweiser, Michelob, Black & Tan, Pale-Lager,
Faust, Anheuser-Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite.
" " - ¦ TTHF 7 :
:: T T t_ cc%i itmrit^ t
«jn Asm (m vULUiUDUO T
•• Jlil BUGGY CO. ?
£ WE§l?r7 V vV^f^J -Going into Who'esafe ;;
.. vj£2^ Xv *-XlJ>^ Business Exclusively ::
1 1 To better protect our many dealers throughout the State, as well as
•;• the territory tributary to the port of San Francisco, we have decided th?t ••
II it is better not to come into competition with our dealers, and. therefore." |* -
' * now offer our stock of descant 3tyles on repository floor at astonishingly • •
I '. low prices to close tfr«n out. ! I
I NINE CARLOADS JUST RECEIVED, t
£ Consisting of Fancy Traps. Extension Top Carriages, Stanhopi3. Spi- T
X derettes, Germantowns. Victorias, Surreys, Pneumatic Bike Wasrons,
X Solid Rubber-Tire Runabouts. Spring Wagons, Road Wagons and Carts. X
% Avail yourself ofthis opportunity to secure fine vehicles at price; ?
T never before quoted in San Francisco. . *
| COLUMBUS BUGGY CO. |
t ,1321-25 Market Street, Between Ninth and Tenth. *
tjl N. B.— We have more vehicles of our own manufacture on our floor T
•[? than all. the carriage houses of San Francisco combined. Siooo reward 3*
T for any. vehicle sold by us having *a. genuine Columbus Bueey Co. V? 4*
X name-plate thereon that was not manufactured by the Columbus Bug^y X
J .Company." . •, «|.'
T We were awarded the Gold _ Medal at : Paris* Exposition, iooo. We T
31 , will show photograph of our exhibit and sell you duplicates of the prize- X
4* winne r s. - 4.
AJVESTISEMENl'S.
Just^'Ready-
I' & I
: : ors . _ :
: t, :
A Tremendous Story
of the
Wheat Growers and
the Railroad.
S1.50.
Boubleday,
Page & Co.
34 Union Square, N.Y.The prolonged resistance of the Boers." may hot yet
have discouraged Kitchener, but it has reduced Poet
Laureate Austin to" silence, and that is something for
which the world owes thanks.
- Washington city authorities have been requested
to : permit ."policemen t:-' wear . shirtwaists.; during I the
summer, and now the dandy will, scorn the 1 thing.; ¦ .
THE COMING YACHT RACE.
SIR THOMAS LIPTON'S yacht, Shamrock II,
challenger for the America's cup, has been suc
cessfully launched amid. the plaudits of a crowd
that expect her lo be. a winner.. The Countess of Duf
ferin has broken a bottle ofwine over the prow and
the naming has been duly done. The day. was fair,
the workmen of the yard in which the yacht was built
took a holiday. Everything tended to make the occa
sion a joyous one and to fill the British with sanguine
expectations of victory. When Sir Thomas was asked
whether, if beaten, he would try again, he replied: ••"I
expect next year to build a defender, not a challenger."
While everything is thus harmonious, and -merry
in the camp. of the challengers, there is stuTgoing on
among the defenders a controversy that never should
have arisen. .: It is the now well-worn wrangle over the
question whether right of. defending the cup is open
to all American yachtsmen, or only to those of the
New York Yacht Club. •" : ".'
Thomas W. Lawson of Boston, in company with
other New England yachtsmen, has had constructed
a yacht which all loyal New Englanders believe to be
much better than anything the New Yorkers can con
struct. They claim the right to compete with the
yachts of the New Yorkclub, and hold that if success
ful, their boat' shall havp the privilege , of defending
the cup against 'the British" challenger. That right
has been disputed. " The New .York Yacht Club claims
the exclusive right to defend the cup, .and: it appears
it' is in a position to enforce the claim. ,
' It has been suggested that Lawson might arrange
the contest amicably by placing his . boat nominally
in the hands of a. member of the New York club, but
to that suggestion he is reported to have recently
replied: "In' regard to the statements printed that
under certain conditions I would resort to the subter
fuge of allowing some one else, who had no owner
ship in my. boat, to be proclaimed her owner for. the
sake of being allowed to race, I can only say I regret
¦there is any one connected with yachting so unmanly
as-to think this possible. No one has ever suggested
such a thing to .me'.- Rather than resort to the methods
suggested to obtain a race I would, regret,
sink the Independence on her launching day."
Thus the matter stood at the time of the latest. report
given to the public of the negotiations. Technically
tfcc New York-Yacht .Club is right, but it is safe to
say'few Americans will approve of such a stand taken
upon a technicality. % It is desirable that the yacht race
becarried out between the best boat, in America and
the, best of any other nation. .-The defense should not
be confined to a^ single club, ; and -.in their efforts-to
force a recognition -of their yacht the. Bosten men
have the sympathy of the country.^ . ;
ART AND H'STORY.
rpvOMANCE has long smceffreed itself-; from the
L_y trammels of histotic accuracy, and consequently
* * when an imaginative writer sits down to con
struct an historical .novel he feels .at; liberty to 'deal
with great personages as he 'cho_oses. He may group
them in whatever way best splits the dramatic require-'
ments of his story, and,; indeed, take /almost ¦ any
other privilege he desires. That much is conceded;
but has a sculptor the same right as a romancer? Has
an artist who is engaged to design a public monu
ment a privilege to change the facts of history in" or
der to make a striking ] group of illustrious men?
That is a question which is now agitating the East. .
The discussion has arisen over one of the bronze
tablets that adorns the pedestal of the recently un
veiled monument to General Logan at Washington.
It appears that for the sake of surrounding Logan
with some of the most distinguished men of his time
the sculptor has represented him as taking the oath
of office as Senator standing amid a circle of famous
statesmen who were never gathered on any such
occasion. • '¦)
i *The. Chicago Inter, Ocean presents the facts thus:
"This relief represents Vice -President Arthur admin
istering the oath ;to Senator Logan in the presence
¦'of Senators Conkling, Cullom, Evarts, Morton, Voor-
r hees, Thurman and Miller of California. General
Logan's first term in the Senate began March 4, 1871,
and ended March 3, 1877. ¦ He entered upon his sec
ond term March 18, tS/9, during the extra session.
Mr. Arthur first presided over the Senate at the extra
session beginning March 4, 1881, and never admin
istered the oath to Senator Logan. Senator. Cullom
did not enter the Senate until December. 4, 188,3.
Senator Evarts was not. elected until 1885. Senator
Morton died. November , 1, 1877. He probably saw
Logan sworn in in 1871, but the oath was administered
by Vice President Coif ax. Senator Miller was not
elected until January, i88i.' Senators Conkling, Voor
hees and- Thurman were in the Senate when Logan
was sworn 'by Vice President Wheeler, but Thurman
appears not to have been present on that occasion.
Thus it appears that only so much of the scene as rep
resents Logan "taking the, oath, with Conkling and
Voorhees as witnesses, has any historic truth."
It is asserted that the sculptor, Franklin Simmons,
claims that he selected !the\Senators to be" placed- in
the group at the suggestion of Mrs. Logan. . .- That
excuse, however, even if it be : vajid,. would; not affect
the main question of the right of any one to violate
history in the construction' of : an 'historic monument,
1101. has it counted for much with the supporter's of
either side of the controversy.' It is to ~ be; noted,
therefore, merely as .in;."explahatidri: of, the 1 sculptor's
motive, and not as a defense of the act itself.
I All classes of artists must have privileges, sculptors
>as well as noveli^s, but it would seem that in this case,
the privilege has been carried too far. A distinction
should be made between art designed solely for ar
tistic purposes and a work designed mainly for his
toric purposes. A public monument erected for the
object of commemorating a great figure in' the his
tory of the country should be strictly true to history
or else frankly ideal and symbolical. There can be no
objection to David's great picture of Napoleon
. crossing the Alps on a fiery warhorse, because every
I one who sees the picture perceives at once the essen-
I tinl idealism of the hero as there presented; but
.when called upon to paint the coronation of Napo
[leon David Had to deal with an historic event, and
In a recent address Senator- Platt of Connecticut
stated that since the close of the war over 40,000 per
sons hare'emigrated from Spain or. the Canary Islands
to Cuba, so it is evident the Spanish people do not
believe American interference has injured Cuba's pros
pects to any great extent.
The story that San Francisco has not enough hovel
room to furnish lodging for a guest who comes lats,
is a good story in its >v£.y, but all* the same no one
need stay away from thecityj'on that account. When
the crowds come here to greet the President Sp.n
Francisco hospitality' will find a means of providing
them vvith all "sorts of accommodations. .
THE BOOM IN WALL STREET.
AS far as figures go last week was almost a record
breaker in trade. Certainly an enormous
amount of money changed hands in business.
Ihe clearings of the .country, showed the remarkable
increase of 76.6 per cent over last year, the. gain at
New York being 100.8 per cent, at Boston 73.4 per
c*nt and af Pittsburg 56.3 per cent. Every important
ciiv in the country showed a gain.
All this is brilliant, and to the general observer in
dicates intense activity in business throughout the
United States. But to the shrewd and posted financier,
vho keeps close to the center of affairs and knows
what is going on, the glittering figures wear another
aspect. It is this: The major part of this great gain
in the bank clearings and apparent volume of trade
is confined to the thre; cities mentioned above. In
other words the great steel and railroad trusts are
causing most of the commotion, chiefly in Wall street.
The gain in business as represented by the clearings,
is speculative rather than real, on paper rather than
consumptive. New Yoik and Boston are the cities
wncre the coin is kept and where all the big schemes
are financed, and Pittsburg is the city where the steel
works are. To . be still more explicit, the immense
steel corporation, lately formed with a capitalization
of over $1,000,000,006, and which is the biggest thing
hi its line that the world has even seen,' has started
into motion gigantic wheels which are now revolving
over an enormous area and making everything around
them dizzy. If the stsei corporation -were eliminated
from the commercial proposition it would be seen
that while the country is prosperous, with its treasury
full of gold and a good condition of trade everywhere,
it is not really making the gain in general trade repre
sented by that 76.6 per cent for the country and that
100.8 per cent at New York. •
As for Wall street, it was a wild place last Friday.
Ail previous stock market records were broken, and
the recorded sales amounted to over 2,220,000 shares,
to say nothing of the ether thousands of shares sold
en the outside. Enormous holdings changed hands
in single blocks, and if there" were any bears in Wall
street they were in their holes or covering at rising
prices. . .
The old heads in Will street are wondering when
all this going to stop, and how. For that matter,
they have been wondering for a year or more. Most
c! them expected that it would come to an end long
before this, but there seems to be as much steam as
ever. /
As hinted above, general trade does not exhibit
any particular steam. Cold, snowy and rainy weather
has interfered with the distributive trade in the West
and Noithwest, and checked a good deal of cotton
planting in the South, as shown by the cancellation
oi large orders for fertilizers used in the cotton fielJs.
The Georgia mills are running time, but many
other mills have made material reductions. Wool con
tinues dull, but the feeling is steady. The large manu
facturers are not doing much, but the small ones are.
buying moderately. The shipments of boots and
shoes from Eastern points are steadily falling off.
though they are still ahead of those a year ago. Hides
ere reported firmer at Chicago, but leather is weaker
and boots are lower. Piovisions have not been as
firm, though hogs are still scarce. Against these
wlher unfavorable signs, however, we have increased
railroad earnings, showing a large movement in gen
cia! merchandise, a large distribution of spring and
summer goods, easy collections and an enormous
amount of gold in the national treasury. As for crop
conditions, they are i^niarkably favorable. But the
iron and steel trade continues to lead everything else
in sight. Immense quantities are wanted for bridges,
buildings and farming implements, and plans are be
ing drawn for new mills of enormous capacity.
This is the commercial situation throughout the
country at large. In our local market there is noth
ing new to report, con Jition^ remaining about as t'cv
have been given for several months. Our local .crop
prospects are satisfactory, and while the country over
the other side of the Rockies continues to flourish we
are all right.
*
chance, you know. Just as dinner is being
served; and of those who come to borrow 10
yen and promise effusively that they will let
you have it in the middle of next month.
She keeps. dates, too. in that book— the date on
which her husband last came home -.at 2
o'clock In the morning. Once a name Is i en
tered in that awful memorandum book it is
all over with the poor fellow whose name it is.
Next time he comes he is sure to receive at
least a mild but disagreeable hint. This stops
his visits and in this way one friend after an
other gradually ceases to call.
Novelists Are Numerous.
JUtogether there are at least fifty novel
ists of some pretensions in Japan, and
most of them find subsistence by writing
serials for the newspapers and turning
out, as from a mill, humorous or sensa
tional paragraphs. Only two or three out
of all these can earn enough money to
keep themselves respectable. Oxakl Koyo,
already mentioned, and one of the most
prominent of the group, was born in ISto.
and. after spending three years in the
Tokio Imperial University, entered on his
career in literature. He is a combination
of Zola and Henry James, though far in
ferior to f lther. He is praised for his del
icate touch and graceful style; and has a
predilection for delineating the sunny side
of life. He has a. theory— sarcastic per
sons say that It's not an unselfish theory—
that state aid should be given to' authors,
and defends that theory with a warmth
that has lately called forth indignant re
plies from various quarters. On being told
once that Zola had spent a whole week in
studying character in tram cars, he was
filled with envy. "Happy," he exclaimed,
"is the author, who is so little pressed by
the production of moneymaking books aa
to be able to devote so much time to
trifling affairs like that." His principal
works are "Three Wives." "Dimples on
the Cheek." "Pillow of Incense Wood.''
'Love Sick" and "Darkness of Heart.'
Their names vividly suggest the subjects
with which they all deal. ~ '
" Koda Roban is of about the same age as
Koyo and was once a clerk in a telegraph
office. He was regarded In his youth as
the blockhead of the family. This block
head is now regarded by the Japanese a3
their Meredith. Hid works are esthetic
and are celebrated . for their wondrous
nights of imagination, but his style Is fre
quently abrupt and incomprehensible to
ordinary readers. He Is.- in fact, like
Meredith and James— a writer for the cul
tured, his audience being select, if few.
and . most of his works . treat of some
master" artisf entirely "absorbed tn his
work and alike Indifferent to the doings
and -the; opinions of the- busy outside
world."- ¦•• ¦¦ -• ¦'"-¦¦
The Rqban. family Is a remarkable one.
Robanf s two sisters have been sent by the
Government to Berlin and Vienna to study
violin playing, at which one of them is
already v«ry proficient; and his brother.
Lieutenant Gungi. Is the originator of &
bold scheme for settling Japanese in the
Kurile group, and evidently a man af
flicted with much of the restlessness and
originality of genius. Roban has not pro
duced, so many works as Koyo, chief
among them being 'A Five-Storied Pa
goda," "A Blade" ai»d "A Refined Budd
hist."
A Japanese Thomas Hardy.
Hirotsu Ryuro, another of the con
temporary novelists of Japan, is four or
five years older than either of the two
preceding writers, and Is regarded by
the Japanese as their. Thomas Hardy. He
is fond of tragedies In common life, and
his peasant characters, as well as his
plots, are regarded in this country with
great admiration. He Is even more oro-
Jiflc4han JCoyo,, and^possesaes jnore of a
business spirit than most of Tils con
freres — a fact due, perhaps, to the circum
stance that he was once a petty official in
the Government service. His "Love-Sui
cide at Imado," in which a de
graded woman dies with a man
whom she does not love. Is 'famous
for the masterly way in which he
traces the gradual development of his
characters. Another famous work of his
is "The Tragedy of Kawachlya." in which
a virtuous wife Dines away and dies on
account of her husband's infatuation for
a tea-house woman, who is not in love
with him. however, but with his brother.
The brother's rejection of the woman's
advances awakens such fury In the breast
of the rejected one that the death of both
brothers is the outcome. Ryuro is not re
markable for his style, however, which is
inferior to that of the other two writers.
Surgeon General Mori Oliga Is a wntet
noted for his translations of several Ger
man works, and also for his original
short stories, .which are declared by all
Japanese to be excellent in style and con
ception. Another author, who is also
known as a translator, is Professor Hase
gama Shimel, a teacher In the Tokio For
eign Language School, and the only Jap
anese scholar who can he said tp be well
versed in Russian literature. He has
translated several of Tolstoi's and Tur
genieff's novels, and has produced two or
three original novels. His highly col
loquial style has done much : for the
simplification of the national written lan
guage.
Among other conspicuous novelists
should be mentioned Iwaya Sazanaml.
now a teacher of Japanese in the Berlin
Foreign Language School. He .Is the
only Japanese author, who has conde
scended to write stories for juvenile read
ers. Besides his adaptations from Lewis
Carroll and Grim, he has himself written
several popular children's stories.
Most Popular Japanese Author.
; Mural Gensai Is the most popular na
tive author in Japan — not. because- of hia
genius, however, but because of his busi
ness ability. In fact, he is a strictly "cash
author." His most popular work, "Ris
ing Sun Island," has been runnlnsr for
over three years in a daily paper. Its
chief merit in the eyes of the Japanese
is that it is strictly pure, clearly refers
to current affairs, and "Is tinctured with
general scientific facts made intelligible
to women." But the vast story, which
is of Interminable length, is simolv a
series of stories, loosely strung together.
It contains no character sketches worthy
of the name, no plot and no humor— yet
20.000 copies of the first part of it have re
cantly.been sold, the sale being a record
one for Japan. This great success is
probably due to the fact that the com
parative purity of the story permits its
Introduction among women and families.
The story Is still running Its course In
the newspaper, and according to all ap
pearances may be running ten years
hence.
Note — This paper will be concluded next
Monday. ,
THE MARRIAGE CONTRACT.
SOMETHING like a mariia-for legislation on the
subject of matrimony has'possessed the legis
lators of the East during the past" winter. • The
Call has repeatedly directed attention to variousbill^
designed to. encourage marriage by one means ; or
another, and it has now to refer to one 'designed tc
retard it a little; or at least to put an end-to one of
the forms in which it has been practiced or cmalprac
ticed to the injury of the community at large. •¦'- "^ .
California has had many notorious scandals and
several great lawsuits resulting from the ease with
which contract marriages can be effected under the
existing law. In New York, however, the situation
has been much* worse than in this State, for the popu
lation being larger the number of evils resulting from
lax marriage laws has Been proportionally greater.
Again and again the death of a rich man in that State
has been followed by the appearance of woman claim
ing to have been his wife by. a contract antedating his
public wedding to another. Wills have been contested
and estates wasted in prolonged lawsuits • over such
claims, and not infrequently innocent women have had
to suffer the imputation of unlawful union with men
to. whom they ; were publicly wedded, and upon their
children has been fixed the. taint of illegitimacy. So
great have been the evils resulting from such cases
that families affected by them have sought to settle
them out of court at almost any cost, 1 and as a;conse :
quence the contract marriage has proven to be .a fruit
ful source of blackmail. V'^t;
For the purpose of putting an end to the frauds, and
affording protection to innocent women, the New. York
Legislature has adopted a law, to take effect January
i, which provides that no common law marriage con
tracted in the State on or after that date shall be valid
unless erttered into through a written contract of mar
riage signed by both parties and at least two witnesses,
who* shall subscribe to the same, stating the place of
residence of each" of the parties and witnesses, and
the place and date of marriage. The contract must
be acknowledged by the parties and witnesses. in the
same manner as a conveyance "of real estate, to enable
it to be recorded, and within six months after its exe
cution it must be filed in the office. of the clerk of the
town or city in which the marriage occurs. •
The new act changes what might be called a part
of the fundamental law of the State, for what are called
"common law marriages" have been recognized in
New York from; time immemorial. It is said by its
advocates to be the nios* important reform measure
passed by, the Legislature for many years' and is the
outcome of a prolonged agitation. It appears to merit
general approval, for it will n'pt only be a safeguard
for property .transmitted .by inheritance, but also a
protection for women, inasmuch as it is to their inter
est that the -fact o£ la\yful .'marriage, should, be, always
certain and capable of proof./ ... *';
which yawns between East and West and
which is nowhere wider than in x literary
matters. I may add that if low living on
rice and fish, bathing in hot waterseveral
times a day and sitting spotlessly clean
on Immaculate ' mats reduces men to tne
condition of the novelists who allow them
selves to be trampled on like this, then i
am for dust, exercise, roast beef and beer.
What has really brought about this con
dition would be difficult to say. It may De
that the ; long isolation of the Japanese
and their subjection to the deadening in
fluence of China have made it difficult for
them to create all at once a noble litera
ture, but in process of time that literature
will come. On the other hand, it is as
serted that there must be some original
sin of weakness as well. Otherwise, as a
recent writer has noted, "the clash of
India and China with old mythological
Japan, of Buddhism with Shinto, of im
perialism with feudalism and of all with
Catholicism in the sixteenth century and
with Dutch ideas a little later, would have
produced more important results."
"Work of Translators.
Those who take this view should bear
in mind, however, that a nation cannot do
everything at once. A race may, indeed,
change its habits and customs and its na
tional policy rapidly, but It cannot so
quickly alter its cast of mind. If any ex
cuse can be offered for their pessimism it
lies in the apparent inability of many
highly educated Japanese to see through
European spectacles in matters of literary
taste. They get European books by trans
lation—and such translation! A Japanese
version of Bulwer Lytton'a "Ernest Mal
travers," which appeared in 1&79 under the
title of "A Spring Story of Flowers and
Willows," was the first European novel to
be translated, and it has been followed by
a torrent which never rushed more rap
idly than at the present moment. The
Japanese novelist — or translator I should,
perhaps, say— labors under the great dis
advantage of writing in a most difficult
and recondite system of symbols, which
has been compared, not without reason, to
much-abbreviated Latin telegrams. He
writes for a public, too, w-hlch cannot tell
when he is translating and when he is
original, and the result is that he borrows
plots wholesale from English and Amer
ican writers, merely Japanizlng the names
and altering the details to suit Japanese
social conditions. By this means he makes
a little money and becomes celebrated for
his fertility of invention, but ruins him
self irretrievably as an artist, if there
ever was the making of an artist in him.
It is only among the ignorant that he i3
celebrated; the educated Japanese hold
him In contempt and never read him.
Some Japanese Successes.
It may be regarded as a sign of the ex
tent of the translation folly that the hero
of the most popular Japanese work of fic
tion that has appeared during the present
reign is— Epaminondas! This work, en
titled "Keikoku Bidan," takes the field of
Theban politics for its subject matter. Ihe
allusions were simply transferred withaut
much difficulty to modern Japanese poll-,
tics. Another successful novel, Kajln
no Kigu," has its opening scene laid in
the Capitol at Washington, where one of
the characters, a Japanese, reads aloud
to his companions the Declaration of In
dependence. Carlist pretenders, English
soldiers and other Europeans all appear
in the pages of this work,, which, by a
curious contradiction, is written in the
most classical Chinese style. An able
Japanese critic relates that- in 1895, "while
Japan was busy beating China, and had
convinced herself that she could. beat the
world, one of the Tokio papers, achieved
a success by the publication • of a serltth
novel entitled 'Asahi Zakura.' The hero
ines of this book were two Red Cross
nurses, and the story that of the coming
defeat of England by Japan, which, after
annexing Hongkong, India, Malta and
Gibraltar, sends its fleet up the Thames
to raze the fortressess there and to ex
act from the cowering Britishers an
enormous indemnity."
One of Japan's Leading Novelists.
Novels of this class, of course, are not
fairly representative, although it is doubt
ful whether the European reader would
find satisfaction in many Japanese books
of distinctly better grade. Take, for ex
ample, "Tajyo Takon" ("Fears and Re
grets"), by Ozaki Koyo. one of the best
known of living Japanese novelists. The
central figure in this work is one Mr.
Sumi, "a graduate of the elective course
of geology" In the Tokio Imperial Univer
sity, who is earning a trifling wage as
teacher of ajcertain school of physics and
mathematics*. We find this man, when we
make his acquaintance, plunged In unut
terable grief on account of the loss of his
wife. Sumi weeps and groans, In fact, all
the way through the book, which contains
500 pages. There is a mother-in-law in
the book, Sumi's mother-in-law; this good
lady forces her second daughter to go and
live against her will with the dolorous
Sumi, whose household consists only of
himself and an old' female servant. The
heart-broken husband receives the girl.
T)Ut after some time sends a letter to the
Intriguing mother-in-law asking her to
take her daughter away. Now, Sumi has
a married friend called Hayama, but he
hates Mrs. Hayama — and the hatred is
returned, for the good woman' despises a
man who goes about shedding floods of
tears. The mutual dislike soon wears
away, however, on Sumi's taking lodging
in Hayama's attic, and each comes to es
teem the other, until "one rainy night the
recollection of his wife came too vividly
upen Sumi to be borne without Mrs. Hay
ama's soothing words and sympathetic
countenance" and he calmly proceeds to
make love to her. Hayama Is finally un
der the necessity of turning the tearful
lover out of doors. . -
One paragraph in the book, however,
may serve to give a hint of Japanese cyn
ical humor In fiction. Hayama, explain
ing why his friends fall off when he mar
ries, says:
Tou know, my : dear fellow, every married
woman secretly keeps a notebook. Neither her
husband nor her mother knows of its existence,
but it exists, all the same. It is called the
"Kltto O boye-cho" (book for keeping: things
well in the memory). She puts down in that
book, you see. the names of the Jolly old
bachelors who take her husband out; of the
fellows who happen to drop in. by the merest
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. A. Forbes, a merchant of Marysvllle,
is at the Grand.
Dr. J. c. McLaren of Eureka Is regis
tered at the Grand.
R. M. Green, a' pharmacist of Oroville,
is stayine at the Grand.
Silas "W. Pentz of Harrlsburgr, Pa., i3
a guest at the Palace.
C S. Milnes, a newspaper man~of Eu
reka, Is a guest at the Lick..
Mrs. Charles Stenderson of New York
has taken apartments at the Palace
with her daughter. .
Dr. Herman Parker of the United States
Hospital Service is at the Occidental in
company with his wife.
William Deerlng, a big manufacturer of
agricultural implements. Is' registered
with his family at the Occidental from
Chicago. S<
Dr. F. H. Humphries of Honolulu is at
the California, accompanied by his wife.
They returned yesterday from a pleasure
trip to New York.
SelbyOppenhelmer, one of the proprie
tors of the California Theater, returned
yesterday from a flyinjr trip to Eastern
cities In the Interest of his playhouse.
' Major W. W. Gilbert, Paymaster, U. S.
A., is registered at the California from
Rochester, N. Y., where he: was 'United
States Commissioner for a number of
years.
Jesse M. Baker, Captain Quartermaster
of the transport Grant. Is at the Cali
fornia. Since his arrival he has received
official notification that he has been com
missioned by President McKinley Quar
termaster in the regular army." •*'•• • . ' ¦
COAL CONSUMPTION — Subscriber,
City The amount of coal consumed by
th a several street railroads in San Fran
cisco and by electric plants and the cost
oer day is a Private matter with the cor
porations which they will make - known
only- to stockholders. -
THE HALL OF JUSTICE-X.. Sacra
mento Cal- The height of the Hall of
Justice in San Francisco Is, fronv sidewalk
fine £ cornice. 80 feet; from sidewalk to
top of tower, 1T9 feet.
HIGH WATER— Subscriber, Byron, Cal
There is no reason to suppose that thero
will be "high water" in the San Joaquin
River again this year
- As for the average novelist, he does not
seem to be so much respected and looked
up to as is the novelist in America or in
Europe. This is partly owing, no doubt,
to his poverty.. The average author sells
only about 2000 copies of any work; the
price of books must be low (less than 12
American cents, on an average), and there
are not ten authors in Japan who get
over twenty-five -gold dollars a month
from their works. . There Is a Mr. Myeda
here, the Director of the Bureau of Spe
cial Studies in the Educational Depart
ment, who on a certain occasion every
year hurls denunciations in the most
amusing manner and in almost exactly
the same -words at the unfortunate ro
mancers. About a year ago he told them
to come out into the open air and mix
with society, assuring them that if they
persisted In remaining at home like her
mits they could not expect to become suc
cessful-writers. He concluded by seri
ously imploring the authorities to give
the novelists facilities to see life by send
ing them Invitations to balls, banquets
and ofllcial "spreads." Strange to say
nobody saw anything out of the common
in this speech, which was delivered with
the utmost seriousness. Japan read it in.
Japanese and read it in English, but never
a. smile did it elicit. The readers only
wagged their heads and remarked that it
was not at all such a bad suggestion.
A few days ago the same gentleman
again made hia annual motion; his effort
this year being almost an exact facsimile
of that of lastr It Is. astounding, but true,
that theso observations on the . part of a
prominent public man met with the same
reception this year aa last. J^vejlwelt
on this gentleman's vagaries in order that
the Western reader may perceive the gulf
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Lot of the Japanese Novelist.
Even the globe-trotter- can see, however,
without making any investigation what
ever that the people read much. School
boys are constantly •: . found with paper
backed novels adorned on the cover with
a rude picturevrepresenting a Samurai
cutting someboc" r down; servant girls in
the teahouses devour; rather- highly spicea
"shotsetsu" ; in\ their scanty intervals of
leisure. I earned the undying gratitude
of one only yesterday by asking her to
continue reading in iny presence a love
story which ¦ T, noticed in her hanging
sleeve while she was -bringing up my tif
fin. More remarkable still, that human
horse, • the jinrikisha-man, has no sooner
set you down at your destination and
coiled himself up between the shafts to
await your return than he produces from
under the cane-bottomed seat orhis gro
tesque vehicle a ponderous tome that looks
like the work, of a Japanese Gibbon, but
is really only one of the many volumes in
which some popular, story-teller describes
the adventures of a favorite hero. • ¦
It should not be assumed from all this,
however, that the subjects of the Mikado
are all shining .examples of culture. Not
onlv are many of the books J generally
read distinctly bad in. character, but
s-trange as it may seem, eight readers out
of every tenpatronize verbatim shorthand
reports of professional story-tellers and
are therefore obviously dead to the sense
of literary felicity and artistic style.
Among the boys "detective" stories are
especially popular. ¦ . ;" ¦'¦"- " ;> .
Next in popularity to novels come tech
nical works, and of these medical books
nave the largest sale Of foreign works,
those in English head the list, six Eng
lish books being sold for every two in
German or French. Russian books have a
much smaller sale. The , sales of the
largest book store in the city do not ex
ceed 2500 yen— less than $12oO— a month,
but on account of the comparative pov
erty of the people and other reasons I
have given above, the number of readers
in the city must not be estimated from
these scanty figures.
Penny Dreadfuls inJapan.
In considering these writers the Occi
dental reader, must bear in i mind the pe
culiar conditions in which literature is pro
duced in Japan, the standing of the aver
age man of letters there and the taste of
the public to which he appeals. Take, as
an example, the public^ of Osaka, a thriv
ing city of 800,000 inhabitants, which in
some respects may be compared to such
an American city, say, as Chicago. There
are 'more works of fiction sold in Osaka
than of any other kind. It is estimated
that the sale of novels is 3509 a month, but
as this number does not include the vol
umes supplied by the circulatinglibraries,
which are said to' lend 'five times that
number of novels, it is safe to put the
demand for fiction in Osaka roughly at
20,000 volumes a month. This does not
seem to indicate a widespread taste for
reading, but when we take into considera
tion the fact that the Japanese are more
gregarious than Americans; that a dozen
Of .them will sleep in the same room as a,
matter of course where Europeans would
demand separate apartments, and that
there is no such thing as privacy in
Japan, it is safe to assume that one copy
Of a book— books, too,, are generally kept
cleaner in Japan than' elsewhere— may"
pass through- the-hands of a hundred read
ers. Judging by the vast number of sec
ond-hand book stores all over the country
I should think, indeed, that single copies
of books go through more hands in Japan
than elsewhere and that .. the Japanese of
the lower class are astonishingly vora
cious : readers.. -Many of Fukuzana a
works, published immediately after the
Restoration, ran into half a million copies,
while of the late Mr. Nakamura's transla
tion of Smiles' "Self. Help" at least 300,000
copies must have been sold..;.,- ,
Owing to the energy and zeal with which
the entire nation has devoted itself in re
cent years to'trie' acquisition of the purely
material elements of Western civilization
modern Japan has impressed the ¦world
rather by the increase of' its 'armaments
and the extension of its trade, than by ita
literature. Its surprising, material devel
opment, in fact, has obscured its growth
in other directions.- The leading Japanese
writers. o£ to-day are almost unknown in
Europe and. America, yet these writers
comprise avconslderable and influential
body, and constitute a force that must
play a large ,part in determining Japan's
destiny. . ; ,' .
By.Franois MoOullagH.
Copyright, 1901.
IV.— AUTHORS OF MODERN JAP AIT.
Uterery Men of the .Mikado's Empire, Who, Though Almost Unknown in '
] ¦ Europe and America, Constitute a Force That Is Shaping the
& Destinies of the Ancient Oriental Insular Nation. . .. , ; ;
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
Articles That Have Been - Prepared by Experts and.Specialists for
The San Erancisco Call. .• ,
MONDAY.... . ................. —APRIL 22, 1^7
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
LUitukU Comnualwtion« t> W. B. LEASE, Mwlger.
MANAGER'S. OFFICE. ...... .Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION* OFFICE ... Market and Third. S. K.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 21T lo 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
delivered i»y Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 6 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postages
riAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year ....'.'. W.09
DAILY CALL. Occluding Sunday). 6 months : »-j™
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday). 3: month*.....; l-jj°
DAILY CALL-By Single Month.. — .• **
WEEKLY CALL. One Year.... • 1>00
All postmasters are authorised' to receive
unbscrlptiona. • . .
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. ,'
Mail subscriber* In crderlnr chantre of address should be
particular to *ive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with tttelr request.'
OAKLAXD OFFICE 77777777. 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Manager Foreign AdTertismg. Marqnette Building. Chieiga.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C. CABLTO.V ...Herald Sqnare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune IJnlliHnjr
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murrey Hill Hotel. ".'"':
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: ' «_'
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern {Hotel :
•Fremont Houfe: Auditorium Hotel.
had he. then grouped half the sovereigns of Europe
around his hero for li>e purpose of giving. him a
greater prestige the painter would have been \ con
demned.
The Logan monument was intended to be of his
toric as well as artistic value,! and consequently aiiy
alteration of the facts of history by the sculptor is not
to be' justified. No particular harm has been done in
this case, but. it will be. well to have" it understood
that no 'such privilege is to be exercised by the de
signers of public monuments hereafter. It would be
a bad thing if after looking at a great work of art
purporting to represent some" scene in the history Gf
the nation the observer should,have to go and search
the files of newspapers to find out the facts 'of the
event. \. . .v>v . • ;
AMONG the many conferences that are to be held
in connection with the Buffalo exposition,
.hardly any. promises to result in more direct
benefit to the nation than that which has been called
to take" into consideration the various taxation prob
lems of the time in this country. The problems have
been felt through the defects of the present systems
of taxation iri every State in the Union, and in. many
of them serious efforts have been made to devise reme
dies and^to provide for a more just and economical
way of collecting . from taxpayers the revenues re
quire'd for governmental purposes. '
The circular announcing the calling of the confer
ence and its purposes says: "For many- decades the
States have been, building up independent systems of
taxation, without reference to each other, until
now we have, a state of affairs .bordering on
chaos, where - each State is practically fighting
nearly. every.other State. Some property, is taxed three
or four times, while ether property is not taxed at
Tall.- Corporate activity has largely changed the char
acter of individual investments. Industry has over
stepped the boundaries cf any one State, and commer
cial'interests'are no longer confined to mere local
limits. This, conference will be the first attempt in
this country to work out some uniform principles." .
The statement that the conference "will be. the first
attempt in this country to work out some uniform prin
ciples" must have been intended to mean the first
attempt to bring about a uniform system of taxation
among the various States, for there have been many
efforts to find uniform principles of taxation generally.
At the present time the Industrial Commission is en
gaged in that very work, and has recently made public
a report upon the general property tax and the taxa
tion of corporations in several of the most important
States of the Union extending from Massachusetts to
Texas.
From a summary of the report sent out from Wash
ington it appears that in no State whose system of
taxation has been reviewed is the general property
tax satisfactory. The report says: "It is clear that
under this system there are numerous forms of wealth
that do not and cannot.be made to bear a just-share
of the public burdens, and which in a large part evade
or escape taxation, and some forms which when
reached at all under the prevailing general property
tax are not equally and uniformly but unjustly and
disproportionately taxed as: compared with other
property. The. inevitable result is that real estate and
some forms of personalty are unduly burdened with
taxation."- :•-..'
It is, of. course, not to be expected that:the Buffalo
conference, will itself «,olve any of the problems,in
volved in our confused systems of State taxation. It
may,- however, have the effect of bringing about the
appointment of something in the nature of an inter
state commission' to dealwith the complexities of the
subject. An \ absolutely uniform; system of taxation
among all the States is not to be looked for nor is 'it
desirable,. but enough might be accomplished to put
an -end to the trick by. which many corporations escape
taxation by. having their nominal headquarters in one
State, -doing business in several others" and shirking
taxes in all.
PROBLEMS OF TAXATION
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1901.
4
Special Information supplied j dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau. (Allen s), 510 1 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 •
»" The Hindoo chronology, extends | to 6174
B C ; Babylon. 6158 B. C.; China, 6157
B/C. -. ¦:-:'-.-'¦¦ " ¦ ./
.Townsend's California glace, fruits, 50c a
nound in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building. •
•Rest eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. Look
out 81 4th, front of barber and grocery. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Ttrwnsend'a,*
Choice candies. Tcmnsend's. Palace HoteL*
is one who grows, without in-
terruption of health, from a
baby up — except the inevitable
diseases of children.
And Scott's emulsioTi of cod-
liver oil has done more, in the
26 years of its existence, than
any half-dozen other things, to
make such children.
It keeps them in uninterrupt-
ed health. It is food that
takes hold at once, whenever
their usual food lets go.
* Well send you x t'ttle to try, if yon Eke.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl street, N«, Vork.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A HAPPY CHILD
Call »nb«crlberi contemplating: a. change of
renldeaee daring- the summer months can have
their paper fornarded by in all to their new
addreseeB by notifying; The Call Easiness Office.
Thin pa,»er Trill also be on aale at all summer
rcaorti and la represented by a. local agent in
all towns on the coast. .' ~ , .. '..
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWN FOR THE SUMHER.
AUCTION SALES.
By John Elder A Co.-Monday. April 22, at 2:30 o'clock.
Pry Goods and Gents' Furnishings, at 1722^ Market street.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Evil Eye."
Central— "A Fair Rebel."
Tivoli— "Tlie Idol's Eye."
Orriheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "The Conquerors."
Grand Opera-house — "Under Two Flags."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater-Vaudeville every afternoon and
and eveninr-
Kischer's— Vaudeville. -.'¦"¦¦¦
Metropolitan Temple— Lectures Monday. April 22. afternoon
and evening.
Tanforan Park— Races.
' CORONADO TENT CITY. Coronado Beach.
Cal.'. -will b« : the popular summer resort this
season.' It became famous last year for com-
fort, entertainment' and health. ', Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing- unexcelled. ¦. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, APRIL 22.
The Slavonic Illyric Mutual Benevolent
Society of this city will give a picnic, on
Sunday, April 28, at Fernbrook Park, in
Nlles" Canyon, In conjunction with the
Slavonian-American Mutual Benevolent
Society of San Jose. The first named or
ganization was founded in this city in 1857
and numbers among its members many
leading citizens. A union band has been
obtained for the occasion and a large
number of prizes will be given. Antoine
Sorich is chairman of the committee of ar
rangements.
Slavonian Society Picnic.
a banquet at the California Hotel Satur
day evening. More than 100 members were
present and a -most enjoyable and,in
structive night was spent. Professor E.
E. Brown of the University of California
was the presiding officer and filled the
chair with ease and great satisfaction.
The principal speaker of the evening
was Senator Lukens of Alameda. He se
lected as the topic of his address "Recent
School Legislation." His speech was both
brilliant and logical and showed that he
was thoroughly conversant with the sub
ject. There were several other short
after-dinner speeches, which were warmly
received and loudly applauded.
SCEOOI/MASTEBS GATHER
AiROUjST) BANQTJET TABLE
Erilliant Speech, on "Recent School
Legislation" Is Delivered by
• Senator Lukens. i
The California Schoolmasters' Club held
Burns is an old and efficient officer, and
much sympathy is felt for him, as he will
have to appear before the Police Commis
sioners on the charge of allowing a pris
oner to escape. ¦-<•¦ .-'¦
Morrison hau a tew minutes' start and
made good use of the time. Captain Witt
man, un arriving at his oflice and being
notified of the escape, instructed Burns to
dress himself in citizen's clothes and find
Morrison. He reported the facts to Chief
Sullivan, and all the outside stations were
furnished with a description of the es
cape, with instructions that every effort
was to be made to arrfcst him.
John Morrison is the name of \ the man
who escaped. ~j He was serving a six
months' sentence for battery, and had
two months yet to serve. He and tbe
other- "trusty," named Johnston, were
sent from the prison to the. station about
7 o'clock in charge of Policeman Peter
Burns, who was on station duty. Morri
son either intentionally or accidentally
broke the handle of t^e broom, he was
sweeping with and Burns offered to repair
it. iviorrison got Johnston's broom and
went into Capiam Wittman's room, the
door of whicn closes with a spring Iock.
burns, after repairing tne handle of the
broom, tried to open the aoor of Witt
man's office, but failed. Becoming sus
picious, he went round to Merchant street,
and to nis surprise round tne window open
and the "trusty" gone.
• There was consternation in the Central
police station at the Hall of Justice yes
terday morning when it was discovered
that a "trusty" from the City. Prison,
who, along with another, had been de
tailed to sweep out tbe station, bad made
his ; escape by opening and climbing
through the window- In Captain Witt
man's room.
Sentenced to Six Months for
) 'Battery and Had Two to
¦ Serve. •
John Morrison Escapes
Through Wittman's
|.i Window.
TRUSTY ELUDES
POLICE OFFICER
BRAVE SEA CAPTAIN AND
THE SHIP HE 'SAVED FROM
BEING WRECKED.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE! — In -the above exposition of the tides
the early ¦ morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column' gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except whei. a
minus ( — ) sign .precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. ¦ . • "
TO' ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Are those now offered by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company -to Southern • Califor
nla ports. For. rates and information call
at office,' 4 New Montgomery street r
Cheapest ind Most Delightful Ocean.
Trips in ;the World
John ."Walsh, 1 a . sailor, who hired a room
Saturday night at 242. Pacific street, was
taken ; to the Harbor Hospital early yes
terday morning, where he told ; a thrilling
tale of how some . men had tried • to
smother him 1 with gas. The case was in
vestigated by. Sergeant of Police Dono
van and Officer. Fowle, but they found no
evidence that would bear out the man's
statement. .He had been drinking heavily.
Sailor Tells Queer Story.
of Host.
Captain W. G. Leale of the steamer
Caroline yesterday took a large number of
members of the Press Club and ladies on
a bay excursion, a most enjoyable trip be
ing the result. " ,
The Caroline was dressed from stem to
stern with bunting and flowers and the
guests were entertained with music, song
and refreshments. The trip included all
points of interest on the bay and a visit
was made to. San Quentin Prison. The
prison band serenaded the visitors and
guards were detailed to conduct the party
over the prison grounds. A welcome was
extended by Warden Aguirre. On the re
turn, trip the Caroline went to the Union
Iron Works, Adhere tno Wisconsin and
Ohio were Inspected. Hearty cheers were
given to ¦ Captain Leale when his guests
landed at Jackson-street wharf In the
evening.- . - .
PRESS CLTTB MEMBERS
ENJOY BAY EXCURSION
Captain W. G.Leale of the , Steamer
Caroline Plays the Role
The first regular factory for manufac
turing glass was established at Temple,
N. H.. in 1760, and was operated by im
ported German glassmakers. '
An unknown and drunken soldier en
tered Strassburgrer's dance hall at the cor
ner of Jackson and Kearny streets shortly
after midnight of Saturday and while the
revelry was at its height fired four shots
from his pistol. The police believe that
he attempted to shoot at one of the
women, but that his aim was bad. Dur
ing the confusion the soldier escaped. All
the bullets were located in the walls and
ceilinsrs.
Intentions Bad as His Aim.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 21— Stmr Ser
via; f rcm New York, for . Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. Sailed— Stmr Lucanla, from Liver
pool, fcr New York. / -^
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic - Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort • Point, entrance to San
NEW YORK^ Arrived April 21— Stmr l'Aquai
taine, from Havre; stmr Umbrla, from Liver
pool and Queenstown; stmr Statendam. from
Rotterdam and Boulogne. * •
Arrived— Stmr Cymric, from .Liverpool and
Queenstown. • -
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 21— Stmr Devonia,
for Boston. , • . . . . ,
stmr Carlisle City, from San Diego; stmr City
of Peking, from Yokohama.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 21— Jao Btmr
Klnshlu Mam, from Seattle. '
CALLAO— Arrived April 20— Stmr American,
from Honolulu, for coal, and sailed, April . 20,
for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS. : i
FOREIGN . PORTS.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to April" 20— Br
stmr Almond Branch, from Oregon.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to . April 20— Br
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived April 21— Bktn
Amelia, from Eleele.
SEATTLE— Arrived April . 20— Stmr Nome
City, hence April 16. Sailed— Stmr. Chas Nel
son, for Ska^uay.' /¦ -
SAN DIEGO — Arrived ADril 21 — Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Astoria.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 21— Stmrs Empire
and Arcata. for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed April 21— Stmr Newsboy.
Per Ger ship Willy ! Rickmers— Sailed from
Kobe Feb 23. On March 5, lat 42 N, Ions 1T2
E, had a very heavy hurricane from the east.
Carried away the foretopmast, topgallant mast
and royal mast Also main and mlzzen top
masts: topgallant mast and royal mast going
ftver the side, doing: considerable damare • to
port ra 11 and silent daman to - deck. Made
temporary ' repairs and shaped our course for
San Francisco. On March 7, while the vessel
was rolling heavily, Cornelius de Boer, sea
, man, a native of Holland, aged 20 years, fell
overboard and was drowned.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 21— Stmr Na
tional City, hence April 20.
EUREKA— Arrived April 21— Stmr Fulton,
hence At>ril 19; schr Ida. McKay, hence April
9; schr Noyo, hence April 20. Sailed — Stmrs
Ruth and Brunswick, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Sunday, April 21.
Stmr Jeanie. Mason. Nom«, via Seattle.
t Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, .
Stmr Geo F Haller, Haaven, Bristol Bay.
Stmr Chilka, Bull, Pyramid Harbor.
Stmr Acme, Lindquist, .
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, Seattle.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr TJmatilla, Cousins. Victoria.
Stmr Mohawk, Bristol Bay, in tow of Geo F
Haller.
Bark Guy, C Goss, Gllmore, Bristol Bay.,
Schr Berwick, Pearson, Coqullle River.
Schr Newark, Beck, Stewarts^Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.*" " ;
POINT LOBOS. April 21—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind northwest; velocity 40 miles per
hour.
SAILED.
put in for repairs.
Schr Lettie Uennett, Rasmussen, 12% days
from San Pedro. . . ;
Schr Mary Etta, Kyman, 14 hours from Bih
lers Point.
Schr Jennie Grifnn, Campbell. 6 hours from
Point Reyes. :
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, April 21.
Stmr Puebla, Jepsen, 50 hours from V lctoria.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17V& houis from Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Hansen, 12 hours from Bow
ens Landinr. • .
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 14 hours from
Cleone.
Ger stmr Tanis, May, 6 days from Hamburg,
etc. ¦
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 40 hours from , San
Dlejro, etc.
Stmr Hyades, Garlich, . 83 hours from Oyster
Harbor.
Stmr Gissy, Leland, 32 hours from Moss
Landing.
Ger shlD Willy Rickmers, Beneke, 57 days
from Kobe (Hiozo)., bound for Chemainus;
Emery, W. H. Bartlett, W. G. Schranz
and E. HI. Blackwell.
John Walsh of 243 Pacific street was
treated at the Karbcr .Hospital for gas
asphyxiation yesterday. He - says two
men entered his room and opened four of
the burners. He did not suffer very much
from the effects of the monoxide.
Sullivan said he had been visiting a
friend in the Mission and was on his way
lo his lodgings on Ellis street when two
men armed with revolvers suddenly con
fronted him and commanded him to throw
up his hands.
Realizing that they meant business, Sul
livan quickly obeyed the command. One
of the men then went through his pock
ets, securing his money and papers.. The
desperate pair then ordered their victim
to "move -on" under penalty of being
made a subject for the Coroner.
Sullivan lost no time in leaving the vi
cinity. The description of the robbers
tallies exactly with that given of the men
who held up a sailor on Howard street a
short time ago. The seafaring man was
walking along the street when he was
suddenly confronted bv two masked men,
who. after covering him with pistols, or
dered him to throw up his hands. Upon
his refusal to do so one of the robbers
shot him in the breast, inflicting a dan
gerous wound.
Edward Sullivan, an ex-soldier, reported
to the police yesterday that he had been
held up by two men on Eleventh street,
near Bryant, Saturday night, and robbed
of $100 and some valuable papers.
Edward Sullivan Robbed of
His Money by Two
Highwaymen.
MASKED MEN HOLD UP
DIS CHARGED SOLDIER
The bay schooner Lorenz and ¦Mam
turned turtle in the bay yesterday . and
the captain and crew had a narrow es
cape. The schooner took on board a load
of coal, salved from the wreck of the bay
Flint, and started up the bay with it.
A squall struck the schooner and when
she heeled over the water rushed in and
turned her over. The coal all went back
to the bottom of the bav and the Lorenz
and William, with the captain andV his as
sistant perched on the side that was out
of the water, went drifting up -the. bay!
Off Hunters Point the vessel would have
gone ashore had not the State tug Gov
ernor Markham taken hold and anchored
her. The schooner not badly damaged
and to-day she will be righted and
brought to one of the wharves for repairs.
Tanis Arrives From Hamburg..
The Kosmos liner Tanis arrived from
Hamburg via South and Central American
ports yesterday. She brings up a very
valuable cargo of cocoa, rubber, coffee,
concentrates, and the following nam»_
passengers:
Mr. and Mrs. Lendal "W. Gray. Garland Gray.
Miss K. O'Donnell, Miss S. Browne, Mescedo
Chinchilla. Pancha Morales. las Manifold, Al
bert Wilhelm. E. C. Wrack. William Latter
man and Brnesto Kradolfer.
• ¦ ¦• '
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company's
Jeanie sailed for Nome via Seattle yester
day. Among those who went away in the
cabin were: Miss E. M. Blackwell. Mrs.
W. G. Schranz, James T. Harper, L. L.
CAPSIZED IN THE BAY.
Schooner Lor€nz and William Nearly
Goes to the Bottom.
THE dismasted German bark "Willy
Rickmers put into port yesterday
in distress. She -was caught in a
typhoon on March 5 and at 10 a.
m. the foretopmast, with every
thing attached, went by the boards. The
main and mlzzen topmasts soon followed
the foretopmast and then all hands had to
set to work cutting adrift the wreckage.
Owing to the heayv cross sea this was -a
particularly dangerous operation, but It
was finally accomplished without any
further mishap. . *
When the vessel was got under a jury
rig she labored heavily and in order to
save her more than 200 tons of the ballast
was jettisoned. This lightened her up
considerably and not only lessened the
strain but the bark sailed better. From
the time of the disaster until port was
reached the Rickmers averaged • sixty
knots a day. the best run being 136 knots
in the twenty-four hours.
"We sailed from Hiogo, Japan, on Feb
ruary 23 last in ballast," said Captain J..
Baneke yesterday. "All went well for ten
days and then trie glass fell rapidly, so
the bark was put under snug- canvas. At
9 a. m. on March 5 it was blowing a-hur
ricane, with a very heavy cross sea. The
ship labored frightfully and every min
_ute I expected to see ; the masts roll out
of her. About 10 a. m. a heavy squall
struck the ship and the foretopmast with
everything attached went by the board.
The jet boom was sprung at the time and
one of the lifeboats smashed.
"The gale now increased in fury and
the v/ind shifted to every point of the
compass. First it came from the east and
an hour later was from the east-south
west, only to change to southwest and
then to west. The ship now began to roll
with sudden jerks and, the back stays
parting, the main topmast came down",
the mizzen topmasts with it. Some of the
yards and spars fell to port and some to
starboard, and as they came crashing
against the sides it looked at times as if
a hole would be punched in the hull. All
hands went to work and by 4 p. m. we had
ali the wreckage cut away. ,
"The yards that were left on the stumps
of the masts had nothing to hold them in
position and they went chopping around
! like the sails of a windmill. It was a
; dangerous operation to make them fast,
' but it was finally accomplished and -sve
got a little sail set. We had a rest for
the next forty-eight hours and then it
came on to blow again. A- big sea swept
; over the forecastle head and Cornelius do
, boer was carried overboard. He was' a
I good nvlmmer and as he fell to leeward
the chances were in his favor. The ship
I drifted right over him and when the poor
I fellow came ud to windward he seemed
! to have been injured, as he was swimming
¦ -with one arm only. "We threw him ropes
and lifebuoys but the wind drove them
back against the side of the ship and noth
' ing reached him. The unfortunate fellow
was only fifteen or twenty feet away from
the ship but, owing to the mountainous
sea and the strength of the wind, "we
could not lower a boat. De Doer was a
native of Holland and 24 years of age.
"After the second gale died out we had
nothing but fair weather to port and came
I along under our jury canvas at the rate
i of sixty knots a day. We were wrecked
in latitude 42 degree3 north, longitude 172
degrees east, and on March 29, in latitude
35 degrees north, longtitude 155 decrees
west, a four-masted schooner, the Rosa
mond, hove in sight. She passed about six
miles, to windward of us and could easily
have stood down, but the captain passed
us by as though there was nothing the
matter with us. On April 11. in latitude 38
degrees 10 minutes north, longitude 133 de
grees 50 minutes west, the J. C. Efluger
spoke us and the captain, I hear, reported
us all well. We are chartered to load
wheat at Portland, but I suppose that will
have to be abandoned. Until I hear from
the owners I do not know what will be
done with the vessel."
The "Willy Rickmers Is a four-masted
bark and was built in England in 1S95 for
the firm of Rickmers & Co. bhe '<« 1963
tons net burden, 279 feet long, 41 feet
beam and 24 feet 5 inches deep. She is
anchored In the stream near the German
bark Otto Gildemeister that was also dis
masted while on her way from Japan.
THE SJ^N FEANCISCO CALil^, MONDAY, AT^EIL; 22, 19O1.
Hurricane Tosses Her While on Her Way From Japan to
Portland— A Seaman Named Cornelius de Boer Is Swept
Overboard and Drowned Ere Comrades Are Able to Aid
DISMASTED BARK WILLY RICKMERS
PUTS INTO THIS PORT IN DISTRESS
5
Sun rises
Sun sets '.
Moon sets
J 5:25
6:51
-..0.11:16 p. m.
Time Time
Date Ft.
H W L W
577.. -1:15 6.1 8:10
23 ... 2:15 5.9 9:09
24 ... 3:08 5.5 10:10
25 ... 4:16 5.0 11:11
26 ... 5:31 4.7 12:09
L W H W
27 ... 1:03 2.4 6:47
28 ... 2:00 1.9 8:00
Ft.
_
-0.8
—0.5
—0.2
0.2
0.5
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
H W L W
. 3:20 4.9 7:58 2.9
4:22 4.8 9:10 3.2
5:25 4.9 10:30 3.2
6:21 5.0 11:52 2.S
7:14 5.2 ....:
L W H W
. 1:01 0.8 7:56 6.3
1:55 1.1 8:39 5.5
4 5
Steamer. -
Rainier..'. ¦
Bcnita
Crescent City..
Colon
Kmpire
IC«".vburg
Arcata...
Mandalay
Argo... .....
Titania..
Eureka .....
Mariposa
North Fork....
Corona — ."
Washtenaw
G. W. Elder....
Santa Hosa.....
Point Arena —
Czarina...
Alliance..'......,
Nippon Mara...
A.cme
Pomona.
Walla Walla...
Curacao
Peru
From.
Due.
Seattle & N. "W'hatcom
Newport
Crescent City
Panama & Way Ports.
Coos Bay
Grays Harbor
Coos Bay
Coquille River
Coquille River
Nanalmo
Humboldt
Honolulu
Humboldt .'
Newport
Taeoma ;
Portland and Astoria..
San Diego
Point • Arena
Seattle and Taeoma....
Portland and Coos Bay
China and Japan..'....
Tlllamook Bay
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports....
Mexican Ports
Valparaiso via Panama
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 2J
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.
Pier.
Empire.......
Pomona.......
Bonlta
Columbia
Argo... •
Rainier
Queen..
Australia.....
S. Portland...
Arcata
Doric
April 23.
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 12
Humboldt 2 pm Pier, 9
Newport 9 am Pier 11
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 24.
Coquille River..... 4 pm Pier 2
Seattle & N. TVhat. 5 pm Pier • 2
San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 35. i
Tahiti direct 2 pm Pier 7
Seattle & Ta'coma. 5 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
April 20.
Coquille River ....10 am Pier 2
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Pupet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Ptlnd & Coos Bay S.W. 2
Newport ' 9 am Pier 11
April 27.
Honolulu .'. 2 pm Pier 7
Humboldt ..; 9 am Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
I Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm OllTVk
Mandalay....
Newburgr. 1 '. ...
City Puebla..
Alliance
Corona
Marlposa. —
North Fork...
Czarina
Jeanle.. ...... I
Sun rises
Sun sets '.
Moon sets
J 5:25
6:51
-..0.11:16 p. m.
Time Time
Date Ft.
H W L W
577.. -1:15 6.1 8:10
23 ... 2:15 5.9 9:09
24 ... 3:08 5.5 10:10
25 ... 4:16 5.0 11:11
26 ... 5:31 4.7 12:09
L W H W
27 ... 1:03 2.4 6:47
28 ... 2:00 1.9 8:00
Ft.
_
-0.8
—0.5
—0.2
0.2
0.5
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
H W L W
. 3:20 4.9 7:58 2.9
4:22 4.8 9:10 3.2
5:25 4.9 10:30 3.2
6:21 5.0 11:52 2.S
7:14 5.2 ....:
L W H W
. 1:01 0.8 7:56 6.3
1:55 1.1 8:39 5.5
4 5
Steamer. -
Rainier..'. ¦
Bcnita
Crescent City..
Colon
Kmpire
IC«".vburg
Arcata...
Mandalay
Argo... .....
Titania..
Eureka .....
Mariposa
North Fork....
Corona — ."
Washtenaw
G. W. Elder....
Santa Hosa.....
Point Arena —
Czarina...
Alliance..'......,
Nippon Mara...
A.cme
Pomona.
Walla Walla...
Curacao
Peru
From.
Due.
Seattle & N. "W'hatcom
Newport
Crescent City
Panama & Way Ports.
Coos Bay
Grays Harbor
Coos Bay
Coquille River
Coquille River
Nanalmo
Humboldt
Honolulu
Humboldt .'
Newport
Taeoma ;
Portland and Astoria..
San Diego
Point • Arena
Seattle and Taeoma....
Portland and Coos Bay
China and Japan..'....
Tlllamook Bay
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports....
Mexican Ports
Valparaiso via Panama
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 2J
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.
Pier.
Empire.......
Pomona.......
Bonlta
Columbia
Argo... •
Rainier
Queen..
Australia.....
S. Portland...
Arcata
Doric
April 23.
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 12
Humboldt 2 pm Pier, 9
Newport 9 am Pier 11
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 24.
Coquille River..... 4 pm Pier 2
Seattle & N. TVhat. 5 pm Pier • 2
San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 35. i
Tahiti direct 2 pm Pier 7
Seattle & Ta'coma. 5 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
April 20.
Coquille River ....10 am Pier 2
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Pupet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Ptlnd & Coos Bay S.W. 2
Newport ' 9 am Pier 11
April 27.
Honolulu .'. 2 pm Pier 7
Humboldt ..; 9 am Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
I Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm OllTVk
Mandalay....
Newburgr. 1 '. ...
City Puebla..
Alliance
Corona
Marlposa. —
North Fork...
Czarina
Jeanle.. ...... I
t Strictly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott
&(CO.
Dissasrs and
Weakness of
MEN ONLY
By far the most frequent cause of nervous
disorders of the male Is
A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
Thfl Prostats Gland (eo-caHed neck of blad-
der) is a structure very rich in nerves. When
the terminations of these nerves are kept in a
constant state of excitement, by chrqnlc Inflam-
matory processes, it appears very dear that by
transmission of this irritation to other nerves
th« patient may be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of the most varied character. Premature-
ness, Impotency, etc.. ar« not weaknesses, but
symptoms of this Inflammation. W« have pre-
pared a' colored chart, which we will send, fres
on application, by which any one Interested can
readily understand why. if he has been treated
for a weakness, he has not been cured. We
particularly solicit this class of cases, and can
promise a speedy cure without stomach drug-
ging-.
997 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
or sensitive her skin may be — to try it,
for" I guarantee that it will improve any
complexion, no matter how fair. To those
who suffer with dandruff or any scalp dis-
ease I most urgently advise the use of this
soap. It will not ' only strengthen the
growth of the hair, but will' positively
cure dandruff and all scalp diseases. It re-
moves disagreeable odors from the body
and keeps'the skin In a healthy condition.
To every mother in the land I most con-
scientiously recommend this article for
her baby. If the little one is suffering
with prickly heat, hives, chafing or rash
'of any sort, don't fail to bathe it in this
"soap. It will give ' almost immediate re-
lief. In fact, I have never known it to
fail. I repeat, I want the public to give
this soap a thorough test, and I am posi-
| "WANT EVERY PERSON WHO DE-
sires a perfect toilet soap or suffers
with rough skin or any skin irritation to
try my Witch Hazel Soap. I know that it
will cure chapped hands and lips in a
night. I know it will soften the roughest
skin. I know it will Improve any complex-
Ion. I want every person who has a
scratch, a wound or a sore of any kind to
'use this soap, and notice how quickly it
soothes, heals and cures. People who are
troubled with pimples, blackheads or ec-
zema will find this soap a great blessing.
I want every lady — no matter how delicate
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EVERY EVENING THIS "WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
"SUCCESS FOLLOWS SUCCESS."
Charles H. Yale's
Or the MANY MERRY MISHAPS of NID
and the WEIRD. WONDERFUL WAN-
DERINGS of NOD.
Including a- Great Cast.
Evening— 25c. SSc. SOc. 75c and 91. OO.
Matinee— 25c. 50c. 75c.
Next Sunday Night, April 28, the Favorites.
MR. JAMES NEILL and His Company.
By Special Request— "A -BACHELOR'S RO-
MANCE." Seats Ready Thursday.
"iV-i/ Principal Members of the
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC COMPANY anil
ORPHEUM IMPORTATIONS.
BARNES AND SISSON. ALF GRANT. CLAY-
TON. JENKINS AND JASPER, MARION
VON SCHRADEB, MLLE. ADELAIDE.
THE GREAT GOLDIN. JOSEPHINE GASS-
MAN, THE BIOGRAPH.
Final week of the bis success,
FRANCESCA REDDING AND COMPANY.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats," 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
*Xi V© S»i*
K-venines at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"CONTINUED METEORIC SUCCESS!"
¦ Remember There Is Only One.
THE
"HOOTT mo 1 "*."
The Reigning Favorite.
HARTMAN as ABEL CONN.
WHEELAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR PRICES 25o and Mo
Telephone— Bush ».
fl*T§L -^ » » jr. jr t o pr yJL. &
V J"O». • ¦ K Cm «% m «k Eft -.- "^ ¥
TO-NIGHT,
The New York Suecesa. -H
THE
CONQUERORS.
The Most Gorgeous Scenic and Costume Pro-
duction Ever Given at This Theater.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Seats by Phone Main 234. or Box Office Sis
Days In Advance.
PRICES 13c, 25c, 35c 59c
CHUT ES/™ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LA LISTA.
In her wonderful dancing creations.
McKAY AND LAWRENCE. ZAMORA. THE
CALLENDERS. MADELINE FRANKS, THE
GIRL OF QUALITY, MIRIAN AINSWORTH.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
LEAD SAYrSe Giantess.
AMATEUR SHfflT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for seats— Park 21
~nifCC TANFORAN
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUBL
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILT.
APRIL 20TH TO 27TH. INCLUSIVE:
FINE CARD EVERY DAY.
First Race Dally at 2:10 P. M-
Tralns from Third and Town»enii street*— 7.
10:30. 11:30 a. m.; 12:40, 1. 1:30. 2 p. m.
Returning, leave track at 4:15 and thereof tei
at short intervals. Rear cars reserved foi
ladies and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE). »1 23.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
WEEEY CALL
61 pep Year.
tlve they -will agree with me that it is the
best toilet soap ever made. I wish to em-
phasize the statement I have so often
made, that SOAP IS A MEDICINE. That
more or less of the ingredients get into the
system through the pores, and that the
blood carries these Ingredients to every
part of the body. Soap either benefits or
injures the human system. Therefore all
soaps made from common fats and dan-
gerous alkalies should be avoided. My
"Witch Hazel Soap Is absolutely pure
enough to eat. It is a skin food and Vital-
Izer, and is superior to any French toilet
soap ever' placed upon the market. To all
persons -who are afflicted with pimples,
eruptions, liver spots or facial blemishes,
or who have a sallow complexion. I most
strongly advise taking my Liver Cure
and my Blocd Cure in alternation until
the blood is thoroughly purified and the
liver is put into a healthy condition.
These little pellets are pleasant to take,
can be carried in the vest pocket and cost
but 25 cents a vial. If these two remedies
are used in conjunction with my "Witch
Hazel Soap, you will be surprised at the
transformation of your skin and complex-
ion., In order that my soap may have a
universal sale I have authorized drug-
gists to sell the regular 23-cent size for IS
cents. If you need medical advice write
my skilled doctors at Broadway, corner
Twenty-sixth btreet. New York City.
They are at your service free.— Munyon.
HOTEL**
Visitors to San Francisco who make
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuibine. American and European plans.
**GRAND HOTEL**
\J&7 FAVO5S3YE-
M FOR WEAK WOMEN. 1
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor ! and Nervine. .
" The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.}
~ 'amusements.
BELASCO "—* THALCSj^^.
Beginning TO-NIGHT— All This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
. The Most Thrilllns of Military Dramas.
A Fair Rebel
Exciting "War Scenes-^Plantation Melodies.
Realistic Reproduction of Libby Prison.
DDiri.V EVENINGS 10c. 15c. 25c. 23c. 50o
JralV<E3 MATINEES 10c. 15c, 23o
Next Week— "TEN NIGHTS IN A
BARROOM."
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
COMMENCING THIS MONDAY EVENING.
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEB-
STER in'a Superb Scenic Produc-
¦ tion of the Romanitc Drama.
UNDER
TWO FLACS
Founded on Ouida's Celebrated Novel.
BIGGEST HIT IN NEW YORK .THIS
SEASON.
; PRICES— lOc. 15c, 23c, 50c. Few Seats. 75c
/ Good Seat In Orchestra
SATURDAY and SUNDAY MATINEES 25c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
METROPOLITAN HALL,
FIFTH ST.. NEAP. MARKET.
ERNEST SETON -THOMPSON,
The . Famous Naturalist and "Writer,
"Will Lecture
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15.
THIS EVENING 8 O'CLOCK.
"HIS WILD ANIMAL FRIENDS."
Illustrated by Stereopticon Views of Photo-
graphs Taken by the Lecturer..
Management, Ma jorJ. B. Pond.
Under the auspices of the California Club.
Prices $1. 73c and 50c. Children half price.
Tickets at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. All Seats
Reserved. - t ; , »
FISCHER'S concert house.
flOUni/IV O Admission lOc.
Golden "West Comedy Trio, Gus Leonard. Bre?
gers, Thatcher and Chenoweth, Jack Symonds,
Paraskova Sandolln and Tom Mack.
Reserved "stats," 23a " Matinee ' Sunday.
--' stSEBtL. VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY forMEN
jffSr^W^ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
¦ «»«. »a have been In I use over fifty
JR$;*t5K|iQ years by the leaders of the
©BvSlfiilK^fl Mormon Church and their fol-
-' MnfiSrSvlgaiS • lowers. ' Positively cure the
' VtSWi BHEBJl 'worst cases in old and young
ra! VJLy V ijifcaf arising from effects of self-
«EV$ ! Y"J<Jsr abuse, dissipation, excesses or
%»533>!XiJS? clparette-smoking. Cure Lost
TyMJ5gi?f.y Manhood, Impotency, Lo3t
• • ¦' ¦.' Power, • Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness, to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, "Vericocele or Con-'
stipation. Stops Ne *5 C_# rvous " Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects^Z.^Z—B. re Immediate.
Impart vigor and CE ™ * to . every
function. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organs.'
Stimulate i the brain and nerve centers; : SOc a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mail. A -written • guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. :¦ Address BISHOP REMEDY Co..
40 Ellis St., . San Francisco. - Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third at.
The herbs of this wonderful remedy act directly
on the kidneys and correct any disorders of
those vital organs quicker than any other
remedy.
A xoo-Page Book of Stories and o|
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free Ow^gB
with every aj-cent packac*- S^F^^Sa^
> ALL DRUGGISTS. \§K*uO?
Jwcoijffsh
Are you one of those Kidney Crip-
ples with a weak back ? Can't stand
up erect without those sharp pains in
small of the back. Waken up in the
night with distress in the kidneys,
which makes you restless and unable
to sleep well. You are in danger of
Bright's Disease and should correct
the trouble at once with
Kidney Cripples
_____ApVEBTISTrf>rElTTS.
¦Mm dc AIITICIPC K8*§6f§35£>«3LS?fc»». J2>r
m DbAU 1 lrluj BDBHEB&raf^^ • J^r
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE «rffi& £L¥l[fL.§!
222-224 S UTTER ST.
Country buyers arc entitled to all
"special" advertised prices. Hotels.
Resorts, etc., furnished with estimates
on application.
SPECIAL rTdUCTIONS
KOHDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Butter, finest Creamery square 29c
Every square guaranteed. Reg. 33c
"Arctic" Ice Cream Freezers. •
1 <j t 2 qt 3 qt 4 qt S qt
I Last year $1.40 $1.70 $2.00 $2.30 $3.00
Now .$1.1O $1.25 91.UO SS1.7O $2.25
Complete line of Ice Picks, Shavers,
Chisels, Molds, etc.
Calif. Olive Oil, '|^'- a tot 75c
Reg-. S5c. Sample bottles, lOc
Every bottle bears chemist's affidavit
as to absolute purity.
Florida Water, ? a u n rr n ° a y o a bot 40c
Glycerine Soap/k G e ?r> M-lbbar 10c
Transparent.
Claret, !&?• gal 35c
A good old table wine— very ch'eap con-
sidering the advancing market.
Cocktails, n |f o 'o fcot 85c
Miniatures, each lOc.
Awarded the gold medal for purity at
Paris, Martini, Manhattan, Whisky,
Gin and Vermouth.
Pineapple, |L n g sc s5c rc 25c can
.S-lb can— cut-in squares.
Farina, KSfB^ 3 pigs 25c
• /For Jnfants and convalescents.
tfood Alcohol, ?tf- $Li5 gal 90c
For burning only.
Scitc'a Whisky, ??& bot $1.15
Finest old Glcnlivet, Slater. Roger &
Buckwheat Flour, |°*H?v sk 60c
Best Pc-nn. 10-lb sack.
Maple Syrup, c 3 - full qt bot 45c
Finest Vermont. Welsh Broe.
Rice, ftzKEVb 5-lbpkg45c
l'Wfr r £t b £^ 10-lb pkg 85c
Smo':: Lebenbaum's Fine Cigars.
TEETH limit PLATES
$5.00.
Why wear cumbersome plates when you
can have teeth without them?
>r eat Chalmers Dental Co.
£2!" 133 Powell St.
Whatever you drink out- ipS]
side, let your home beer be |f|||
Schlitz. That is pure beer, mjm
No bacilli in it — nothing to gfHs
make you bilious. PM
Beer is a saccharine pro- g^S
duct, and the germs multiply SfiM
rapidly in it. The slightest »jjl
taint of impurity quickly rVj
ruins its healthfulness. . fami
We go to the utmost ex-
tremes to prevent that. BF?*ij
Cleanliness is a science L^3
where Schlitz beer is brewed. |P||
We even cool the beer in mpm
plate glass rooms in nothing Wfii
but filtered air. PN
Then we filter the beer, jplra
Then we sterilize every ||s|
And Schlitz beer is aged, fe^
The beer that makes you Wfa
bilious is green beer. kIT
When you order a beer Jp!||
foryourhome.getthehealth- rSSH
fulness without the harm. |||fj
Get a pure beer— get an old Fr"
beer — get Schlitz. Gall for g&f
the Brewery Bottling. l?£3
•Phone Main 447, Sherwood &Sher- Pi*-
, wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco - gag&aCrowds Gather at Both the Training Quarters of Terrible
Teddy and Oscar Gardner — Featherweight Pugilists
Put In an Active Sabbath at their . Work
McGOVERN AND ERNE TALK OVER
BATTLES OF THE PAST AND FUTURE
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 1113 0
Kruc-, ss 3 0 0 0 8 3 0
Holland. If 4 0 0 0 2 10
Pabst, lb 4 2 3 0 13 0 0
Graham, c 4 1 1 0 1 1 "0
J. Reilly, 3b 3 2 10 0 3 0
Nordyke. rf. 3 0 0 0 111
Rice, cf 3 13 0 3 0 0*
"Whalen. p 2 110 0 2 0
Totals 30 7 9 1 27 li "J
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Devereaux. ss 3 0 0 O 1 5 i
McGueken. cf 3 0 0 o 3 j 0
Courtney. 2b ........ 3 0 0 0 3 3 0
McLaughlin, If 4 0 0 0 l 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 3 2 8 0 0
Doyle, rf 2 1 1 1 0 0 1
1 Sheehan. 3b 3 0 0 0 1 • 0
Stanley, c 3 2 1 2 7 j 0
Strlcklett, p 3 0 0 0 « - s 0
Totals 23 3 5 S M B 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 0100S300 •— 7
Base hit» 01004301 •— 3
Sacramento 0 0 10 0 0*0 0—3
Base hits 0 1 1 0 0 0 l 0 2—5
. " SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen 1, Strieklett 5
Three-base hit— Stanley. Sacrifice hlts-Whalen'
Doyle. Nordykp. Sheehan. First base on er
rors—San Francisco 1, Sacramento 1 First
base on called bells— Whalen 3. Strieklett !
Left on bases— Sare- Francisco 3. Sacramento 5.
Struck^out-By Strieklett 5. Hit by pitcher
: McGueken. Stanley. Double play— Pabst
Passed ball-Stanley. Time of same- One hour
and thirty minutes. . Umpire— 0*ConnelL' Scor
, er— Rutherford.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Games at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 21.-San Francis
co again defeated Sacramento to-day, the
score standing 7 to 3. TVhalen and Strick
lett filled the box and. while the latter
was touched up very lively in the fifth
and sixth innings, he put up a magnifi
cent exhibition for a sick man and fanned
five of the heavy stickers .from the bay.
He gave but two bases on balls and played
a heady game. Pabat made an» unassisted
double on first, scored twice, had three
base hits, thirteen putouts and a clean
score in other xespects. Score:
Senators X.ose Three Out of Four
SAN FRANCISCO AGAIN.
CORINTHIAN YACHTSMEN CRUISE
TO CITY FRONT IN LIGHT WIND
liburon rlagship Is Accompanied on the
Opening Sail by Commodores of the
San Francisco and , California Clubs
Loyal Lad, a Curtis kennel youngster,
did good work in beating Forest Queen
pointless. He was on the short end at
1 to 3. Other upsets were: Sara beat St.
Ives at 4 to 1, Master Lawrence beat
Flora McDonald at 3 to 1, Naughty Girl
beat Fin McCool. Vulcan beat America at
2 to 1. Liberator beat Lawrence. Forest
King beat Fiery Face, Agamemnon beat
Rienz, For Glory beat Brutus, Royal
Flush beat Silver Cloud, Dewdrop beat
Vulcan at 5 to 3 and Firm Fellow beat
Lorin at 5 to 4.
The day's results, with Judge John
Graces official scores, follow:
Reserve stake, second round— C. S. Arply
by' 8 B- <?• Vi-te&t Star Kennels' Black Head.
3-2; J. Kennedy's Ever Sure beat J. Morlarl
ty's Snapper Garrison. 3-1; R. E. de B Lo
pezs Sara beat Georgre Sharman's St. Ivea,
2-1; F. A. McComb's Firm Fellow beat F.
Jones' Lovina, 4-0; E. Geary's America beat
losemite Kennels' Bad Boy, 6-2; Curtfa &
Sons' Vulcan beat P. Doyle's Nora Lawrence.
3-2; \\. C. Glasson's Dewdrop beat T. J. Cro
nln's Vixen, 4-2; Connell Broa.* "White Hat
beat J. Carroll's Master Clalr. 7-5; W. J
Leonard's Tom Hurlick beat Sterl & Knowles'
For Glory, 3-2; Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus beat
Yoaemlte Kennels" Sir Van, 4-9; F. A. Mc-
Comb'B Royal Flush beat P. Doyle'a Thelma.
5-1; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat G. Len
non's Sir Crawford, 3-0; P. J. Reilly's Royal
Union beat T. J. Cronln's Vandal. 4-3; Curtis
& Sons' Loyal Lad beat J. Sheridan's Forest
Queen. 4-0; P. Doyle's Liberator beat H. A.
Deckelman's Lawrence. 3-1; H. H. Gray's Ter
ronette, 3-0; J. Sheridan's Forest King: beat
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face, 3-1; A. Vander
berg's Naughty Girl beat T. McCool's Finn
McCool. 5-0; P. Jackson's Golden Russet beat
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson. 3-0; F. A. McComb's
Little Sister beat J. Cane's Greenhall. 3-1; F.
Jones' Harlean Gladys beat R. E. de B. Lo
pez's Jewess, 4-0; F. A. McComb's Motto beat
Connell Bros.' St Helen, 5-f; Star Kennels'
Master Lawrence beat A. Vanderwhlte's Flora
McDonald, 3-1; Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat
W. J. Leonard's Daylight. 5-0: P. J. Reilly" a
The Grafter beat Connell Bros.' Log- Boy, 9-6;
George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Royal Fashion, 5-0; Aeneid Kennels'
Agamemnon beat Lande & Gerber*s Rlenzl,
5-1; Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant -.beat G.
Walters' The Chief. 8-3.
Third round — Ever Sure beat Black Head.
4-3; Firm Fellow beat Sara, 7-4; Vulcan beat
America, 4-2; Dewdrcp beat Master Clair, 7-6;
For Glory beat Brutus, 9-6; Royal Flush beat
Silver Cloud. 3-2; Royal Union beat Loyal
Lad. o-Z; Liberator beat Ripple. 3-1; Forest
Kin* beat Naughty Girl, 3-1; Little Sister beat
Golden Russet, 4-0; Harlean Gladys beat
Motto, 5-0; Fine Fire beat Master Lawrence.
4-0; Chicago ,Boy beat The Grafter. 5-4; Mamie
Pleasant beat Atamemnon, 3-2.
Fourth round — Firm Fellow beat Ever Sure.
3-2; Dewdrop beat Vulcan. 5-4; For Glory beat
Royal Flush. 3-1; Royal Union beat Liberator,
4-3; Little Sister beat Forest Kins:. 5-0, Har
lean Gladys beat Fine Fire, 3-2; Mamie Pleas
ant beat Chlcatro Boy, 5-0.
Fifth round — Kirm Fellow beat Dewdrop. 3-1:
Royal Union beat For Glory. 4-0; Harlean
Gladys beat Little Sister, 4-2; Mamie Pleasant
a bye. ,
Sixth round— Royal Union a by#: Harlean
Gladys beat Mamie Pleasant. 5-0.
Deciding course — Harlean Gladys beat Royal
Union, 4-2.
Champion stake, first round— Curtis & Sons'
Rector beat F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha, 6-0;
E. Geary's Palo Alto beat Tosemit* KenneU'
Mose, 4-0; E» Geary's Ireland beat D. J. Hea
ley's Fine Form, 5-0; Curtis & Sons* Beacon
beat Chiarinl Bros." Santonin, 3-0; P. Jack
son's Honor Bright a bye; P. J. Rellly'a War
ship beat Star Kennels' Game Boy, 4-1: F.
Jones' Wedsewood beat Pasha Kennels'- Rural
Artist. 3-1 J D. J. Healey's Sisquoc beat J.
Mortality's Jlmmie Anthony, 8-1.
Second round — Palo Alto beat Rector. 4-0:
Ireland beat Beacon, 4-3; "Warship beat Honor
Bright. 4-1; Sisquoc beat "Wedsewocd. 5-0.
Third round— Palo Alto beat Warship. «-0:
Sisquoc beat Ireland. 7-3.
Deciding course — Palo Alto beat Sisquoc. 5-«.
The double event offered as an attrac
tion for the Union Park coursing patrons
brought out a large crowd of enthusiasts
yesterday and the card resulted in a good
day's sport.
•In the Reserve stake of 112 entries. Har
lean Gladys, F. Jones' clever performer,
took first honors from P. J. Reilly's hard
working courser. Royal Union.
The deciding course in the "contest of
ohampions was between Eugene Geary's
Palo Alto, the winner of many stakes, and
D. J. Healey's Sisquoc, recently always in,
the money, and was won. by the former.
Beacon, after getting a victory from
Santonin in the run-down, went out to
Ireland in his next go. This was indeed
a setback to the knowing ones. Curtis'
blue dog, it was figured, wa3 to play nip
and tuck, in and out with Palo Alto in
the third round. Tne steady patreXns of
the sport were preparing tor the ariitici
pated excitement or sucn a meetingHand
any old price was good enough that Bea
con could outpoint Ireland, Palo Alto's
brother. Six to one was the ruling odds,
and a heavy play went on. Ireland was
favored for the turn, and when the course
was at an end had a point the better of
his hish. class opponent.
When Palo Aiti> and. Sisquoc came to
•gether for first honors Alto led and took
the turn. Sisquoc, ciose at hand, got the
kill. In the run-oti there was but one doc
In the race, and it was not Sisquoc
Geary's hound denied his opponent a point
in the score. Sisquoc had iriends galore,
and at one time was a slight favorite la
the betting.
Harlean Gladys led everything she met.
In the final she took first and second turn
and Royal Union killed. The runner-up
made the smart ones tear up their tickets
after his argument with For Glory, a I to
1 favorite.
McComb's Firm Fellow made a fin©
showing, reaching fourth money. He had
a hard time beating Ever Sure, but fol
lowed by getting the decision from Dew
drcp, a 2 to 1- favorite. He was witb>
drawn aeainst Royal Union.
Harlean Gladys Takes the
Last Flag in the
Reserve.
Geary's Fast Greyhound
Wins the Champion
ANOTHER STAKE
FOR PALO ALTO
EVENTS ON DIAMONDS AND COURSING GROUNDS AND GOSSIP OF TURFMEN AND BOXERS
CINCINNATI, April 21.-The game with
Pittsburg was postponed on account- of
rain.
ST. LOUIS, April 21.— St. Louis won
from Chicago with comparative ease.
Donovan's men managed to stretch every
safe hit into a tally and touched Menefee
up for Quite a number in three different
innings. Attendance 11,000. Score:
Clubs— >-:'-riyi>. : . R. H. E.
St. Louts ....;.... ..12 12 1
Chicago .;....... 5 6,3
. - Batteries— Sudhoff and Nlcholls; Menefee and
Chance. '. Umpire — Emslie.
Eastern Baseball.
R. Hauser, J. Furrer,- T. Slmmen. C. Gut
J. Bugger, A. von WyJ.- J. Bachmann, O.
Imdorf, L. Hauser. Ed Suter. Joaeph Furrer
won the Gllndermann medal and R. Hauser the
A..Brehm medal. •
The San Francisco Turners Schuetzen
Club members made bullseye scores as
follows:
C. Sagehorn 117, F. A. Schrumpf 217 Ben
Jonas 443, H. Enje 720, P. Jacoby 831, R. Langer
458, O. Burmeister 431, 'G. Tammeyer «38 Cadet
W. Staub 789, L. Brune 1873, C. Neilsen 1324
F. J. Klatzl 1235, J. Staub 17». W. Nolden
1057. F. Kummer 1588. F. Attlnger 1827 J J
Kuhn 24S3. J. Gassmer 2304.
The Grutll Schuetzen Club bullseye
shoot resulted in the following order:
Bullseye shoot— R. Schonfeld S63, S. Aherns
643. T. J. Carroll 519, F. Hagerup 1535. L.
Meyerhofer 2829, W. Hathje.2351. F. R. Schus
ter 327. H. Enje 907. C. Meyer 233. A. Jungblut
1535, W. Nolden 1310, F. Carroll 1795, W. Ehren
pfort 605, O. Bremer 603, J. Staub 1255, A.
Bertlesen 2003, F. Attlnger 1025. L. Reubold 1046
L. Thierbach 666, J. Hortmann 1907. R. Lemper
1144. H. C. Eckmann 1840. L. C Babin 12S0 A
Rahwyler 334. J. C. Waller 887. H. Tammeyer
655, D. W. McLaughlin 185, O. Burmeister 1635
E. Wenne 1807. J. Gut 1570, C. Dahlbender 175*'
J. Backmann 1135. F. E. Mason 475. M. Reubold
847. A. Gehret 390. H. Schrumpf 431. Van Weil
1618. J. L. Utschig 129S. H. Schroeder 1732. H.
Hampel 1054. C. Sagehorn 1798; cadets— R.
Meyerhofer'1697, W. Wenne 563, H. Becker 1645.
SAN RAFAEL,, April 2L-*Many marks
men assembled at Schuetzen Park to-day
and peppered the targets in lively fashion.
In the California Schuetzen' Club section
the following, scores were made:
Shooting at San Rafael.
- Fourth event— Fifteen birds, race open to all,
entrance fee 50 cents including birds, the dub
adding J5 to the purse; 50, 30 and 20 per cent,
high guns to win.
O. Feudner 15, , Webb 14, F. Feudner 13,
Haight 13, Forster' 11, Golcher 11, Klevesahl
12, Shields -9, Derby 8, Slade 14, Justlns 14,
NeuEtadter.il. Weil 10, Donohoe 12. Rose 10.
Andres 11, King 13, Debenham 14. White 11.
Unger 9, Sweeney 12. Iversen ; 13, Bruns 12,
Roos 9, Gerstle 8 and Thomas 11.
Fifth event— Grand open to all merchandise
shoot, . 25 targets per man, entrance fee 50
cents/ class shooting,' all ties shoot off, high
Third .event, flf teen-bird race, open to all;
entrance fee 50 cents, including birds, the club
adding $5 to the purse; SO, 30 and 20 per cent
high guns winning— O. Feudner 14, . Webb 14.
F. Feudner 15, Haight 11, Forster 14, Golcher
11, Klevesahl 14, Shields 14, Derby 12. Slade
11, Justlns 14, Neustadter 13, Weil 12, Donohoe
12, Roos 6, Andres 8. King 12, Debenham 13,
White 10. Unger I 9, Sweeney 12. Iversen 10.
"Wlrtner 7; '' Roos ¦ 13, Rose 11. Gerstle 9. Bruns
13 • Lewis 14. Hosmer 9 and Williams 9. F.
Feudner,- with a score of. fifteen, took first
prize. . ' ¦
Club shoot, twenty-five birds— Neustadter 22,
Slade 21, Klevesahl, 21, Webb 23. Golcher 19,
Forster 21, . F Feudner 23, M. Unger 16, Shields
21, Derby - 15, Weil 15, White 17, Rose 17,
Haight 23, Donohoe 18, Justin 13, O. Feudner
23 King 23, Hosmer 17. Andrea 9/ Sweeney
15, ' Roos 12, Wirtner 13, Murdock 17.
Second event, flfteen-blrd race, open to all;,
entrance fee 50 cents, the club adding $5 to
the purSe: 50, 30 and 20 per cent high guns
¦winning — O. Feudner 14, 'Webb 14, F. Feudner
13, Haight 15, Forster 14, Golcher 14, Klevesahl
13, Shields 13. Derby 8, Slade 13, Justins 10,
Neustadter ' 13, Welll 11, Donohoe 9, Roos 7,
Andres 6, Kingr. 10, Debenham 13, White 9,
linger 9, Sweeney 12, Iversen 12, Stelllng 13
and Ross 11. Haight, with a score of fifteen,
secured first money. -
LIVE BIRDS.
Special open shoot, twelve birds:
Jones 20212*02022 2— 8
•Well 100112*1112 with
Donohoe 1 01121 12 112 1—11
Gerstle 1*0200120 withcirn
Phil Bekeart 12212121211 2—12
¦ Second open twelve-bird shoot:
Jones *0000020222 1— 5
Donohoe *1201222202 2— 9
Gerstle 11122111000 1—9
Phil Bekeart 1112 12 12 112 2—12
Hosmer 12220112002 2—9
Well 11211121122 2— i2
Wlrtner 0 12 2 2*2 withdrawn
Third open twelve-bird shoot:
Bekeart 21222212222 2—12
Gerstle 011001212022—8
Andres 02112211120 2—10
Roos 02112211120 2—19
Weil 112110001120-8
Sweeney 2 2 2 2 withdrawn
BLUE ROCKS. .
The shooting at the live-bird traps was
merely practice and secondary in import
ance to the bluerock. Phil Bekeart of
the San Francisco Gun Club annexed the
principal share of the honors by shoot
ing several clean scores.
The scores at the Hve-bird traps were:
Others .whose marksmanship merited
silver decoration were E. Klevesahl, C.'
A. Halght, F. Feudner (2), W. J. Golcher,
A. M. Shields, C. W. Debenham and J.
Ross of Antioch, who shot as the guest
of the club.
Otto Feudner carried off the honors of
the occasion by accomplishing fifty-four
straight kills— a record which has not
been eaualed for many a day. Besides
this, he secured first prize in the mer
chandise contest and also two silver bars
with which to decorate his person.
The Olympic Club's offer to award gold
and silver bars to those who would suc
ceed during the open shoot at Ingleside
yesterday in breaking a certain number
of consecutive bluerocks brought , the
largest crowd of marksmen of the sea
son to the traps. Guns boomed continu
ally from morning to night. Over, 8000 of
the inanimate birds were shattered dur
ing the day, .which is the largest amount
by far . ever broken outside of a State
shoot. Both the live-bird traps and the
bluerock were liberally patronized. The
rewards offered by the club proved an
excellent Incentive, and as a result record
breaking scores ¦were made.
I guns having choice of prizes donated by the
Olympic Gun Club. Scores: ».
O. Feudner 24, Webb 20, F. Feudner 20,
Halght 21, Forster 18, Golcher 22, Kleveaahl
19, Shieds 23, Derby 20, Slade 21. Justlns 18.
Neustadter 20, Well 18. Donohoe 17, Roos 15.
Andres 18. King 18. Debenham 22. White 14,
linger 18. E. Forster 21. Iversen IS, StelUng
20, Roos 22, Rose 19, Hosmer 14, Crompton 8,
Brunell 22, Thomas 13, Williams 6, Gordon
17, Harpham 14, Sweeney 21, Mitchell 12 and
Bruns 22. O. Feudner with a score of 24 was
awarded first prize, a magnificent camera.
while Shields with a score of 23 was awarded
jBecond Drlze and a handsome dress suit case.
For third prize Golcher, Debenham. Brunell,
Ross and Bruns tied with scores of 22. In the
shoot-off Brunell won.
For fourth prize Forster and Sweeney tied
and In the shoot-oft Forster won.
For fifth prize Webb, F. Feudner, Derby,
Neustadter and Stelllng: tied and in the shoot
off Webb won. • ¦ . ¦
For sixth prize Klevesahl and Rose tied and
in the shoot-oft Klevesahl won.
For seventh prize Forster, Justin. "Well, An
dres, King-, TJnger and Iversen tied and in the
shoot-oft Iversen won.
For .eighth prize Donohoe and Gordon tied
and In the shoot-oft Gordon ¦won.
Following is the club shoot and the
special contests for the gold and silver
bars, which were offered by the Olympic
Club t to those who succeeded in breaking
fifteen or twenty-five consecutive blue
rocks. As soon as the contestants missed
and thus forfeited the chance of winning
a medal they withdrew from the contest.
The scores:
Derby 8, Shields 9. Rocs 6, White 8. Well 5.
Andres 7, King 10. Webb 13. Debenham 10,
Murdock 12, Feudner 12. Andres 4. Shields 15.
Lewis 3. Ross 9, Strasburger 0. Derby 9. Stell
lng 9, Neustadter 7, Iversen 7. F. Feudner 11,
O. Feudner 14, Gordon 7, Stelling 9, Ross 11,
Gerstle 8. Weil 13, Street 8, Shields 10. Swee
ney 8, Feudner 12, Derby 13, King 12. Brans 14.
Many Bluerocks Are Shattered and Pigeons
Killed at the Ingleside Grounds.
ONE of the most successful enter
tainments ever given by the Cor
inthian Yacht Club took place on
Saturday in the clubhouse at Tib
uron. During the afternoon a re
ception was given to ladies, but after 6
p. m. the yachtsmen had the whole field
to themselves. The evening jinks took
the form of a minstrel show, In which
many old favorites took part.
Colors were made yesterday morning at
8 o'clock, and at 10 owners reported on
beard the flagship May. Shortly after 11
the fleet made sail, but the wind was so
light that for some time no progress was
made. Finding it too hard work to buck
the tide. Commodore Hawks led the way
up Raccoon Straits and to the north of
Angel Island. After passing Point Blunt
a gbod breeze was encountered, and the
fleet cruised for some distance along the
city front, then toward Sausalito and so
back to .the moorings. The only mishap
that occurred befell Frank A. Bartlett's
yawl Spray, which was under sail for the
first time since extensive alterations have
been made in her. While near the Ger
man ship Otto Gildermeister the jib car
ried away at its forward end, but was
soon repaired and the cruise resumed.
Among the yachts* following Commodore
H. D. Hawks' flagship May were the fol
lowing: J. M. Mattoon's sloop Amigo, A.
I. Lyons* sloop Freda, Dr. A. W. McKen
zie's sloop Sappho, P. W. Hurndall's sloop
Merope, Frank A. Bartlett's yawl Spray,
J. Wagner's yawl Nereid. J. Mooney's
sloop Belle, R H. Morrow's sloop
Rover, Vice Commodore E. F. Sa
gar's sloop Edna, J. W. Pew's sloop Tru
ant, A. Y. Young and T. Ransom's sloop
Clara, Jennings and Johns' sloop Speed
v/ell, Carl Westerfeld's sloop Aeolus,
Frank Stone's sloop Presto, "W. H.
Toepke's sloop Harpoon, Short brothers*
sloop Emma, Brickell and Bowes' slop
Genesta, J. A. Breitzmann's sloop Cupid,
Frank Baker's sloop Emilie, Andrew
Thome's yawl Seven Bells and Boyle and
Bulger's sloop Ariel. The fleet was ac
companied by the following . visiting
yachts: Commodore W. N. McCarthy's
schooner Ramona, Commodore S. S. Mar
shall's sloop Thelma, Allen M. Clay's
sloop Pactolus, J. T. Carrier's sloop Jessie
E, J. D. Spreckels' schooner Lurline,
Charles Stewart's sloop. Beatrice, D.
Dean's sloop Nellie, G. E. Billings' sloop
Nixie and the sloop Fawn. The yachts
Caprice, Vega and Discovery were also
under way. Commodore W. J. "Woods of
the sloop Angela came down from Vallejo
on Saturday to attend the jinks. Only two
Corinthian yachts now remain in the la
goon — W. S. Grover's yawl Arcturus and
the-sloop Phoenicia. A few'yachts are not
yet in commission, but will be made ready
as quickly as possible. Everything points
to a successful and pleasant yachting sea
son.
TRAP SHOOTERS IN COMPETITION
FOR THE OLYMPIC CLUB'S MEDALS
PLEASURE CRAFT WITH
SLACKENED SHEETS RUN
BEFORE THE WIND.
OAKLAND, April 21.— The second game
of the Pacific Coast : Leagtie played in
Oakland took place this afternoon at the
Golden Gate grounds between the Reli
ance and Nobles. The Nobles managed
to bunch their hits and won out by the
score-of 6 to 3. ¦
Nobles Win.
Runs responsible for— Borchei-s • 4, Jones 3.
Home run— Householder. Three-base hit—Dun
leavy. Two-base hits— C. Reilly. Spies. First
base on errors — Oakland 1. ! Los Angeles 1.
First base on called balls— Oakland 2, Los An
geles 4. Left on bases— Oakland 4, Los Angeles
6. Struck out— By Borchers 3, by Jones 2. Hit
by pitcher— Kelly. Double plays— Drennan to
Lohman: Householder to Reilly. Time of
game— 1:43. . Umpire — 'J; Donohue. Official
scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f. 3 1.1 0 1 1 1
Francks, s. s 4 1 - 1 0 2 3 0
Arrellanes, 2b 3 0 0.0.1 0 0
Stretb. lb 4 12 0 12 0 0
Dunleavy. 1. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Moore, 3b 4 0 0 0 0 7 1
Moskiman, r. I. ...... 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Lohman. c 4 0 10 7 2 0
Borchers, p.... .4 0 .1 0 .0 1 0
Total3 34 3 7 0 27 14 2
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 2b 4 1 0 14 3 0
Hutchinson, lb....... 2 3 2 0 11 0 0
Householder, c. f....5 2 2 0 11 0
Spies, c 4 0 3 0 4 0 0
C Reilly. 3b 4 0 2 0 5 4 0
Kelly, s. s.. 3-0 0 0 1 2 1
Swindells, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Bowman, 1. f 4 0 0 0 1 10
Jones, p 4 0 0 0 0 I, 0
Totals 34 6 9 1 27 14 1
- RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS, j
Oakland — 3 s 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-3
Base hits 3 110 0 0 2 0 0—7
Los Angeles 0 0 2 0 2 0 2 0 0— «
Base hits....: ....0 2 4 0 10 2 0 0—9
OAKLAND.
Another event of the morning game was
the presentation of a dozen bats to the
Oakland team. They were donated by the
management of the Dewey Theater,
which, in the enthusiasm of its joy over
the first appearance of the home team on
the home, grounds in the present season,
thought a few pennant-winning imple
ments would not be out of order. The bats
were accepted gracefully and with much
gratitude, and then the home team pro
ceeded to -lose its first' game to the Los
Angeles men by a score of 3 to' 6.- The
score in detail was as follows:'
By the time Householder had passed
first the ball had found a comfortable
resting place in the fork of some upper
boughs and Moskiman • was prancing
around the trunk like a dog that had treed
a coon. He shook the limbs and called
sweet nothings up to the ball, but in the
meantime Householder had made, the
round of the bags and was asleep on the
bench, so the umpire ¦whistled oft Moski
man and sent him .back to right field
again. Householder will be made a For
ester and hereafter Moskiman will field
with a long pole.
Householder plucked a ripe home run
out of fhe trees in the right field of the
Oakland grounds yesterday morning in
the game between the Oakland and Los
Angeles teams. He got one over the plate
at just the right height and he sent it
sailing out into the country with Moski
man, ¦who had charge of that part of the
forest. .,
Runs responsible for — Moskiman 1, Hariwell
?. Two-base hits — Dunleavy, Moore, Kelly.
First base on errors— Los Angeles 1, Oakland 2.
First base on called balls— Los Angeles 1, Oak
land 4. Left on bases— Los Angeles 6, Oak
land 10. Struck out — By Johnson 1, by Mos
kiman 1. by Hartwell 3. Hit by pitcher—Loh
man. Double play — Kelly to Johnson. Passed
ball— Spies. Wild pitch— Moskimac. Time of
game— 1:50. Umpire— Donohue. Official scorer
— H. S. McFarlln.
m •
THE GAME IN OAKLAND.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 — 1
Base hits 2 0 110 0 2 1 0—7
Oakland ...0 110 110 0 •— 4
Base hits . 0 2 0 1 2 1 1 1 *— 8
Totals 32 4 8 2 27 15 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. S.
Drennan. "cf 2 0 0 0 1 0 0
Franks, ss 5 1 0 1 5 2' 1
Arrellanes, 2b 3 1 0 0 1 4 0
Strc'l), lb 4 0 1 0 12 1 0
Dunleavy, If 4. 13 0 2 10
Mcoie, 3b 4 0 1 0 14 0
Babbitt, rf. 3 1 1 0 1 1- 0
Lohman, c ..3 0 1 1 3 0 0
Moskiman, p 4 0 1 0 1 2 0
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoft, 2b 4 0 1- 0 7 2 0
Hutchinson, Ib&3b4 0 1 0 0 0 1
Householder, cf 4 0 0 0 3 0 1
Spies, c 4 0 2 0 4 11
C. Reilly, 3b 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kelly, ss 4 1112 3 1
Swindells, rf 4 0 0 0 l'lO
Bowman, If. ...*.... 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Johnson, p & lb....'3 0 1 0 .5 1 . 0
Hertwell, p. :..; 3 t 0 0 ¦-- 0 • 9 0 0
Totalr .;..33 1 7 1 24 "I 4
OAKLAND.
The score of the game was as follows:
LOS ANGELES.
Los Angeles made its only run in the
seventh. Kelly made second base on a
long hit to right field. Swindells hit to
third and was thrown out on tirst, Kelly
making third on the play and came home
on Bowman's hit to right field.
In the second inning Rellly turned his
foot in a dodging match between tirst and
second, and there was a general shifting
when he v^ent to the bench. Hartwell
came into the game to take Johnson's
place in the box, Johnson took Hutchin
son's place at first and Hutchinson took
Reilly's. place on third.
One questionable grenius in the sunny
part of the grand stand, just behind the
plate conceived the idea of dazzling the
pitcher's eyes with the aid of a mirror.
He tried it on Moskiman, but Moskiman
spotted him in short order and called the
umpire's attention to it. Pete Lohmari,
Oakland's captain, had his own way of
settling- it, however. He knew some one
who was sitting near the disturber and he
said for the benefit of the grand stand;
"He'll stop it if he is a gentleman. If he
doesn't, let him have it where he wants
it, Mac." Mac was the friend sitting near,
and as he showed a willing-ness to carry
out Lohman's idea there were no further
reflection* cast upon the pitchers.
In the third. Francks sent a short one to
third and reached first before the ball,
which was leisurely lielded. He stole sec
ond and then- made third 'and home on a
wild throw to second. In the fifth inning
Arrellanes made a run on a base on balls,
Streib's hit to right field and rmnleavy's
hit over in the same territory. Streib
was as far as the third bag when Moore
made the third out on a fly to center.
Babbitt made the last run for Oakland,
starting on a base on balls. He made
third on Lohman's hit just inside of first
base and on outtnto right field. Lohman
made first. Then Moskiman hit to short
and made first while Lohman went out
on second, but in the rally Babbitt made
home.
Dunleavy made the first' Oakland run.
It was in the second inning, and he start
ed on a long drive to left field that was
just far eiiough inside the line to make it
fair. Then Moore, who followed him, put
another long one out past Bowman, which
brought Dunleavy home and Moore to sec
ond. Moore got to third on a passed ball,
but Drennan made the last out on a fly
to center field before Moore could make
his run rood. '
Oakland lost and won with Los Angeles
yesterday, the winning game being played
at the Recreation grounds in this city be
fore full grand stands. and bleachers. The.
afternoon game was a steady, -even one,
although five errors were charged up, and
four of them were marked against-the
team from, the south.
Oakland 4, Los Angeles 1.
Moskiman Tries Vainly to
Pluck One of Householder's
Flies From a Tree.
Defeat on Home Grounds
Is Retrieved by Vic
tory Here.
OAKLAND WINS
AND LOSES ONE
George Gardner and George Burns ham
mered one another through six rounds.
What they lacked in science they made
up in grit. Burns had the better of it the
last round and was awarded the decision.
The call of time saved Gardner from a
knockout.
Gus Brown and Ed Kelly went the limit,
six rounds, and though Kelly Was severely
punished, winding up with a broken rib,
he got a draw by his hard work in the
last round. Brown's Ions reach and cool
head were more than a match for Kelly's
aggressiveness.
The first bout, between Bert Fisher and
John McDonald, was short but fierce.
Early in the first round Fisher put Mc-
Donald on Queer street with a right jolt
to the mark, and put him down and out
with two left pokes to the jaw. -
SACRAMENTO, April 21.— The Sacra
mento Athletic Club's boxing bouts last
night were a. pronounced success. The
sport, which was furnished by members
of the San Francisco Athletic Club, was
all that could be asked. The bouts, three
in number, were refereed by Alex Grag
gains and were hotly contested.
mento Crowd.
THREE FAST BOUTS.
San Francisco Boxers Please a Sacra-
Probable "Winners.
First Race— Luea, Bill Young, El Karn.
Second Race— Inocencia, Vasallo, Snowberry.
Third Race — Simon D, Guilder, Parader.
Fourth Race — Hermoso, Doublet. Meehanus.
Fifth Race — Malay, Gotobed, Dr. Bernays.
Sixth Race— Chaste, Companion, Catherine
Bravo.
Sixth Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
(22C6)Aphro<Jis 117 f 2232 Roundhead ....117
Sol Count Hubert..ll9 2236 Merida 117
224S Scotch Belle. ..117 2260 Gaylon Brown. 119
<2276)Cath. Bravo. ..117 2295 Trlstrain 122
(22«)Companlon ....117 2305 Cerro Santa.. ..119
2252 Quibo . . . . : 122 2248 Chaste .117
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling:
1041 Gotobed 107 2324 Einstein 106
22S9 Prejudice 109 2291 Hohenloho 113
16*6 Malay 110 22S8 Dr. Bernays -.110
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
2296 Rinaldo 107 2263 Meehamis 120
2304 Clarando 105 (2304)Hermoso 120
2302 Jennie 105 2271 Doublet 108
Third Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
1992 Sylvan Lass....in, 2320 Senator Matts.lll
2307 May Boy 12.? (2310)Sam Howard ..118
2305 Sweet Voice.... 10b" 2326 Parader Ill
1701 Simon D 121 273 Guilder 121
2019 Rainier 121 22S6 Midian 121
2325 Estro 121 2310 Dunboy 121
rowing ana au mat, ana to enner 01
these places Erne will go when he trains
for his fight with McGovern in June.
Frank Erne did not stay long at the
training quarters of McGovern. He told
the latter he did not come out to see him
work, but just for a friendly call. Terry
and he shook hands as Erne drove off,
and then the former took a ride to - the
Cliff against wind and dust. Upon his re
turn he stripped and began his afternoon
work, which consisted of a four-round
bout with Dougherty and two rounds with
Dukelow. Terry put in the morning by
covering seven miles of park roads. This
Is his regular work and he shows up well
under it.
Over at Croll's Gardens there is an ear
nest little fellow who improves each min
ute of his time. Oscar Gardner is train
ing—there is no mistaking it. At present
a cut lip keeps him from boxing, but he
does enough hard work to compensate for
the lack of cuffing •with his sparring part
ner. Gardner is in tip-top shape and
grows stronger every day of" his training.
He seems to be more than >earnest, too,
and will not for a moment give way to the
general public belief that McGovern is in
vincible. "Wait," he says. "I am going
to settle old scores this time. I think I will
come out oMhis fight the victor."
Gardner looks as if he meant what he
says. There is no doubt that he is train
ing hard, -and McGovern knows it. He
realizes it so completely that to-morrow
Terry will change his training quarters
from the Casino to the Terminal, just to
get away from distraction and visitors,
and work in a place where the "crowd
cometh not."
BUSS AND KENNEDY WIN
DOUBLES TOURNAMENT
They Defeat Gleason and Levy by
Two Points in Final Hand
. • ball Game.
Russ and Kennedy defeated Gleason and
Levy yesterday in the final game of the
Olympic Club doubles handball tourna
ment by a score of 51 to 49. The game
was one of the most exciting- played in
the regulation court in many days. Russ
did. not, however, play up to his usual
form, and Gleason had little trouble re
turning his serve. Gleason was unused
to the ball, and did not return It to the
front wall with the accuracy for which he
is noted.
Kennedy and Levy surprised the experts
by their consistent playing. They were
in splendid condition and played to win.
At the outset of the contest Russ and
Kennedy secured a lead of 14 points. This
was lessened in time, and when the 30
mark was reached the score was very
close. Gleason and Levy evened matters
in the forties, and then passed their op
ponents. The game then took on a serious
aspect for Russ and Kennedy, and they
played hard to win out.
The score was 44 to 45 in their favor when
Levy went in to serve.' He sent a low,
swift toss to Russ, and made 49. He then
hit the side wall and went out. Gleason
then tried. He sent a swift one to Russ,
and it was returned to the wall. Gleason
lobbed the ball and it struck one of the
rafters, and he was out. 4
Kennedy then went in, and by a hard
serve won the game and first prize for
his team. ... '
Gleason and Levy will receive silver
medals. With the victors, they will re
ceive trophies for their skill on Wednes
day evening during the progress of the
wrestling tournament.
Golcher "Wins Golf Trophy.
The beautiful weather attracted many
golfers out to the Presidio links yester
day. At last the long drawn out competi
tion for the Council's cup for men ; was
brought to a conclusion, H. C. Golcher
proving the winner. In the semi-final
round H. C. . Golcher beat Charles Page 5
up 4 to play, and J. W. Byrne had pre
viously proved victorious over H. C.
Breeden. H. C. Golcher and J. "W. Byrne
were thus left in the final round, which
was won by the former 1 up. The winner
made the two final rounds in 46 and 47.
Two notable visitors from Southern Cal
ifornia, C. E. Maud, runner-up to Walter
Fairbanks for the amateur championship
of that part of the State, and J. F. Sar
tori. secretary of the Southern California
Golf Association, played five rounds. ¦ C.
E. Maud making one round in the excel
lent stroke play score of 46.' The visitors
will spend' a considerable part of to-day
and to-morrow in familiarizing them
selves with the links.
• Entries.
To-Day's
First Race —Five furlonys; three-year-olds;
rfllinjr:
2307 Illusion 11" 2092 Cavanaugh 119
224? Eldred 117 2260 Berendos 122
2307 Pirata 122 2236 Rowden U9
2274 Commuter 122 2068 Bill Young 119
2?66 Carrie Lucas.-.11" 2265 Luc» 117
2305 Cambaceres ...K2 2129 El Kara ..113
Second Race—Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
Belling:
2279 EscaUnte IIS] 2317 Tibs 113
2337 Highwayman .11* 223S Torila 115
2J28 Vasallo 115 2273 The Giver .... .118
2"09 Inocencia US 2267 Snowberry 113
2303 Monastic 115 2225 Murcla 115
2243 Hon. Sterling. .118 2177 B. C. Greene.;llS
Asks Barney Schreiber to Put a Pries
on the Great Brown
Colt.
Th« many and impressive victories of
Barney Schreiber's brown colt Corrigan
have made the youngster about as famous
on the turf as his namesake, the gentle
Edward of Hawthorne. Sam Hildreth
has had his eye on the son of imp. Sain.
and one day last week asked Barnev to
set a price on his colt. The St. Louis
bookmaker, without hesitancy, said: "Ten
thousand dollars Trill take him." And
horsemen do not consider the valuation
exorbitant. Notwithstanding the re
peated wins of Corrisran, Trainer Dick
Williams, who has charge of Schreiber's
other two-year-olds at the Missouri stud.
Insists there is a black fellow there, also
by imp. Sain from Caroline Hamilton, the
dam of Tayon, that can lower the Califor
nia wonder's number. Schreiber hopes
he can.
V. Kelly, a fairly promising boy in the
saddle if increasing weight does not
soon retire rum, left for New York ves
terdav. He goes under engagement to the
well-known turfman. Jack Follansbee.
Several stables will depart for the East
this -week. A. carload will be shipped to
day, containing the horses of Pat Dunne,
Danny Lynch and Andy Blakeley, their
destination being Chicago. In the same
car John Phillips will send Tayon, which
horse will be specially "prepped" for the
St. I^ouis Inaugural, in which handicap
the four-year-old has been allotted 107
pounds.
Domlnick. the kingpin lightweight
rider, will not pick up his "tack" and
board the overland until the latter part
of the week.
Sam Hildreth will not put his horses
aboard the cars until Thursday or Friday
of the rresent week.
The Montana Jockey Club stakes filled
far beyond the fondest expectations of
Secretary Laurence. Among the starters
th*t will race at the Copper State meet
ing are Barney Schreiber's, Fred Cook's,
Billy Randall's. Pete Romigh's, Dr. Row
ell's, Gaylon Brown's and others of note.
SAM HELDBETH WOULD
T.nrr. to OW2T CORBIGAl!*
OSCAR GARDNER, at his training
quarters, Croll's Gardens, Ala
meda. and Terry McGovern, at the
Casino, the road resort north of
the park, were two very important
young pugilistic gentlemen all of yester
day forenoon and afternoon. At both
places crowds composed of the curious
who like to Jook upon the prizefighter
when he works in preparation for "the
event" gathered In numbers too great for
the peace and quiet of mind of the prin
cipals who will meet in the great battle
of featherweights on April 30. Gardner
had a busy time of it at Alameda, but his
was a Sunday-school session compared to
the tempestuous though informal recep
tion forced upon McGovern.
Of all the visitors that crowded and
blocked traffic at the Casino the most
welcome was Frank Erne. He came out
In a team on Saturday to' see Terry and
Manager Harris to talk about a prospec
tive fight in which he should figure as a
principal. The featherweight was at the
track at the time and Frank Erne re
turned to town a disappointed man. But
he met his game yesterday and one hour
after his arrival at the Casino he was in
deep-browed consultation with Sam Har
ris. Frank Erne left the Casino satisfied.
He says that, although no definite promise
of a match with McGovern was declared,
he is assured' by Harris' tone that he will
fight th© Wonder and the Terrible some
time In June.
When they approached the Casino on
the return McGovern asked Erne where
he would train for his fight, if there
should be any. "At Sausalito or Alameda,"
was thjp ready response. "I want a«place
where there is water — swimming, sailing,
Then the two kept silence for a time,
one resting on a retrospect of victory, the
other uneasy in a recollection of defeat.
The third party asked McGovern if he
would give Erne a chance for another go.
"Why, of coarse," said Terry. "If Har
ris gives the word, why, I'll right Shar
key."
, Along- the dust-blown rqad the two
trudged, perfectly at ease and communi
cative as two youngsters out of school.
They talked of training quarters, of fight
ers, of mutual friends and of the Califor
nia climate. Both agreed as to San Fran
cisco being a city in which there is life
and fun. They want to remain within its
confines for some little time and taste of
Its good things.
The meeting yesterday between McGov
ern and Erne was the first since last July,
when there was no talk but all fisticuffs,
somewhere in a roped ring: in New York
city. '•Hello, Frank," "Hello, Terry" and
a handshake and the two were together
as if they had never crossed fists. "Let
us get away from the crowd," said Erne,
and Terry assented. Accompanied by a
Call representative. Erne and McGovern
strolled through the park. There was
nothing bellicose in the conversation be
tween these two noted pugilists.
"Hope you have a house something like
ours in New York last July," said Erne.
"Wasn't it great," was the McGovern
reply.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1901.
OSCAR GAEDNTK AT WORK IN HIS TRAINING QUARTERS AT ALAMEDA. McGOVERN'S FISTIC OPPO
NENT IS IMPROVING THE SHINING HOUR AND THINKS HE WILL BEST THE TERKIBLE WHEN THE
TOO CLASH IN COMBAT. •
6The wedding of Mollie Thomas and
Latham McMuIlen will In all probability
be the last notable event of the town sea
son. It is not going to be a very big af
fair when you stop to consider what a
very popular girl Mollie is, but the two
hundred ¦who ¦will be present 'when she
vows to love and honor the happy man
of her choice will represent those who
make up our exclusive set. I said there
would be two hundred present. I should
have said two hundred and one. In for
getting: that extra one I came near over
looking quite the most important of all
the invited guests, Mollie's darling little
niece, just one month old, and up from
her home ' in Southern California, to be
present at aunty's wedding.
Amedee Joullln has gone to Mexico to
study and to paint, and in view of his nat
ural tendency toward the Indian subject,
Joe Redding, wit of the Bohemian Club,
has seen fit to bestow upon the artist a title
with a very redmannlsh sort of a flavor.
"Chief Never Sweat" is the name Redding?
would hereafter have Joullin called by.
Like all Indian names, it has a raison
d'etre. Redding explains it by declaring
that the handling of the brush has never
once caused even, a solitary bead of
perspiration to dampen the artistic Joul
lln brow. .
the club voted in favor of another. The
pity of it all was that the preferred ca
terer of the presiding officer was not the
favorite of the majority of the club mem
hers. Mme. Chairman, however, would
not give In, and so, I understand, some
fifty ladies have not yet sent, in the cus
tomary formal notice that they would be
among those present.
SUNDAY SCHOOL ENTERTAINMENT.—
The members of St. John's and Calvary Pres
byterian Sabbath schools will give a joint en
tertainment this evening In the parlors of St.
John's Church. A musical programme has
been arranged and refreshments will be served.
William Seton Thompson's Lecture.
William Seton-Thompson, the well
known naturalist and writer, will deliver
the first of a series of lectures at Metro
politan Hall this afternoon. His subject
will be "Personality of Wild Animals."
The lecture will be under the auspices
of the California Club. The speaker's re
marks ¦will" prove of special interest to
children, and in order to give the little
ones an opportunity to hear him, arrange
ments have been made to secure^the early
dismissal of the public schools.
for Annual Fair of St. Mary's
Cathedral.
A very pleasing entertainment was giv
en at Metropolitan Temple Saturday af
ternoon by the children from the different
community schools of the city under the
auspices of the Young Ladles* Institute.
The object of the affair was to procure
funds for the maintenance of the institute
booth at the annual fair of St. Mary's Ca
thedral.
The most gratifying success crowned
the efforts of those interested and the hall
was crowded to Its utmost capacity. Near
ly all the communities of the city were
represented by Sisters. Each number wa3
received with enthusiastic applause. An
address of thanks and welcome was given
by Mrs. Josephine T. Molloy of the com
mittee of arrangements. The programme
was as follows:
Piano solo. Miss Frances Dowling; the bird
ies' ball, by the children of St. Francis' Day
Home, conducted by the Sisters ot the Holy
Family; vocal solo. Miss Margaret Anthony;
musical selections by the Allegrreto Circle of
St. Brigld's School; sailor's hornpipe, Ruth
Magulre; the play of the flowers by the chil
dren from St. Francis Day Home, conducted
by the Sisters of the Holy Family; "The Stars
and Stripes Forever." by pupils ot St. Joseph's
School, conducted by the Brothers of Mercy;
pantomime, "Lead, . Kindly Light," by the
pupils of St Rose's Academy; Irish jig. by
Reyna. Belasco; song and drill, by twenty girls
from St. Boniface's School: "California Sun
beams," by pupils of Holy Family Day Home:
musical selections on mandolins, guitars and
violins, with piano accompaniment by Mlsa
Mary Sinnott, by pupils of Immaculate Con
ception Academy: vocal solo. Joseph Kelly;
piano selection. H. Hay.
CHILDREN OF PAROCHIAL
SCHOOLS GIVE anJSICAL
Young Ladies' Institute Holds Benefit
Has any one ever seen anything smarter
than the feather boas the Hopkins girls
are wearing? Mrs. Will Taylor, Edna
Hopkins that was, is a perfect picture. I
think it is. her pale blue feather boa— I
thought It was the most stunning thing
I might ever expect to see, until I saw
her sister, Georgiana Hopkins, in her
dainty boa of white ostrich plumes
flecked with pale blue. Mrs. Gus Taylor ap
pears in probably the most effective neck
wear of all the sisters. Hers is of plaited
white chiffon with long streamers reach
ing to the hem of her skirt and finished
off with a bunch of yellow roses fastened
on the shoulders and falling diagonally al
most to the waist line.
All the girls of Charlotte Cunningham
Kessler's bridal party have gone and had
their pictures "took." They went and
posed singly and by some other process
these singles are to be made into one
great group. The fair bride herself, on
the day preceding her departure for her
future home at Fort Casey, was photo
graphed in her wedding gown and her pic
ture will be the central feature of the
group. They are the finest bridesmaids
pictures I have ever seen. The singles
are Paris panels and each of the bride'*
attendants is to have one dozen photos
of herself, with the compliments of the
bride's mother.
• • •
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann gave a de
lightful small luncheon at the Palace
grill room on Saturday, and in the crowd
ed room, filled as it was with beau
tiful women, all handsomely gowned, Mr3.
Mann's party was noted as the swellest
appearing of all. At a little round table,
lighted with fork candles, the menu was
enjoyed and after luncheon host and hos
tess went to the theater to see Blanche
Walsh in "More Than Queen." Mrs.
Mann's guests included Mrs. Charles
Stoval, Mrs. Linda Bryan, Mrs. J. Demp
ster McKee, Miss Price and Miss Ada
Russell.
The rummage sale conducted by the
earnest supporters of the San Anselmo
Orphanage has filled the coffers of the
deserving charity with five hundred bright,
and shining dollars. The sale was on for
a week, and from the first the la
dies In charge devoted all their time and
energy to making the rummage the suc
cessful financial affair it was.
ing, nerve and body racking process
known as "trying on."
BY SALLY SHARP
SOCIETY: GOSSIPY BITS ABOUT
THE SWELL SET
Coursing' at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, April 21.— The Southern
California championship coursing , stake
was won to-day by Crawford Lass, who
beat Olita by a score of 7 to 2. Spring
Hill beat Saw Buck In the reserve stake
by a score of 5 to 4.
FIRE IN A COTTAGE.— A small fire yester
day In a cottage at 540 Division street consumed
about $250 worth of furniture belonging to
Louis Varney. The property is owned by J.
Bryon. The cause of the fire is unknown.
WAGON AND CAR COLLIDE.— John Mc-
Leod. while riding in a wagon on Twenty-first
street yesterday, waa thrown out by coining
Into collision with a Howard-street car and
received plight Injuries which were dressed
at the City and County Hospital. Following:
this accident a. similar one .occurred, a car of
the Fame line striking a buggy in which was
seated J. E. Danfelzer. He was also thrown
out and bad his injuries dressed at the hospi
tal. •
The weekly meeting of the San Fran
cisco Laborers' Protective Union Nb. 8944
was held yesterday at 1159 Mission* street.
The principal object of the meeting was
to enable the members to discuss the ad
visability of having the street sweepers
unite with the organization. A commit
tee was appointed to wait on the Street
Sweepers' Union next Wedneday night
and submit the proposition to them.
Laborers Discuss Consolidation.
¦will make her a trine tender, and she will
probably do her best in a jackyard top
sail breeze." .
The morning papers print elaborate de
scriptions of the launching and express
the good wishes for the success of Sir
Thomas Lipton, but they do not venture
opinions as to the chances of the chal
lenger. ' :; YW :
America Cup Challenger Apparently
"Will Be Easily l>riven
Craft.
LONDON, April 22.— A Times corre
spondent, describing the launching of
Shamrock II, Saturday, says;
"She looks like a vessel that will be very
easily driven, though her lack of draught
SHAMROCK JLOOKS BEST
IN A TOPSAIL BREEZE
There will probably be five clubs In the
annual relay race on May 12, teams be
ing in training from the Olympic. Bay
City. Garden City. Reliance and California
clubs. The Garden Cltys are making
strenuous efforts to win this vear. and
will put forth a strong team. If the Olym
pics lose Krasness and Hanna, both of
whom have the "bicycle heart, besides
L. H. Smith, who Is away and Bozio, who
is In Europe, their team will be much
weakened. The Bay Citys will put Kenna
on the last relay again, and have been de
veloping some new men of considerable
speed. The California and Reliance teams
are unknown quantities as yet.
]_dwin Mohrig, the well-known dealer,
has a son who is developing into a fast
sprinter. He rode in the Bay City tryout
yesterday against such flyers as Rusac.
the Bollos, Gillman, Zornow and others,
and made excellent time.
In addition to the track races there were
three ten-mile road events at San Lean
dro. held by the Bay City, California and
Reliance wheelmen, to prepare their men
for the coming relay race. The times made
by the men were all kept secret, as neith
er club cares to "show its hand" to the
other. The Olympics postponed their pro
posed tryout yesterday, owing to the
death of the wife of William Mackle, a
prominent member of the cyclers.
A. T. Smith of Oakland defeated A.
Knox of the Olympic Wheelmen in a ten
mile match, tandem paced, his time be
ing 2S:52. This was a splendid race and
evoked much enthusiasm.
In a five-mile match, paced by tandems,
George McKlnney of the Olympic Club
defeated Fred G. West of the Bay City
"Wheelmen, his time being 13 minutes 51
seconds, McKlnney gaining nearly half a
lap on his man at the finisa. The pacing
was done by Russ, Anthony, Kroetz, Bol
ger, Hobson and others for the Olympics,
against Rusac. the Bollo brothers. Bean,
Gillman and Murray for the Bay Citys.
Pat McDonald of the Garden City Club
has challenged the winner, and will be
given an opportunity to "make cood" at
the next meet.
The Velodrome track at Elmhurst was
opened for the season by the cyclists yes
terday, and a large crowd attended. The
contests were well chosen and spirited,
and from the interest shown it is evident
that cycle track racing has again found
favor with Us devotees.
drome — Preparations for Annual
Belay Next Month.
Cycle Track Racing Reopens at Velo-
McKINNET DETEATS
WEST AT ELMHTTRST
Colonel Thomas McGregor of the Ninth
Cavalry arrived in the city Thursday from
Manila on the transport Lawton, teo he
will be able to be present at the games.
He has not missed an annual gathering
of the club for the past ten years, no mat
ter where he was stationed, and he was
determined that distance should prove no
obstacle to his attending • this year. He
was at the meeting Friday night and was
accorded a hearty reception.
Communications were read from the
Caledonian clubs of Portland and Sacra
mento announcing that the members
would attend the games in a body, and
from the leading Scottish societies in the
East that they would send large delega
tions to the games to compete In the forty
events on the programme.
An open meeting of the Caledonian Club
was held in Scottish Hall Friday night
when an interesting programme of songs
and Instrumental music was rendered.
Afterward those present discussed the ap
proaching annual games, to be held In
Shell Mound Park May 30,, and various
suggestions were offered for making the
affair successful. A large sum was do
nated for the refreshment tent, which will
be under the charge of First Chieftain A.
McNair and a number of assistants, and
every guest will be properly looked after.
It was also announced that all trains from
the north would stop at the park on the
morning of the games and so would all
trains leaving for the north in the even-
Ing so as to accommodate visitors to the
games. . .
Annual Games.
for, the Caledonian Clubs
Elaborate Preparations Being Made
PBOMINENT ATHLETES
COMING FROM EAST
NEW YORK, April 21.— The World's
Paris cablegram says: Mount Vesuvius
is again in a state of active eruption and
many people— scientists, students and the
curious, including American tourists— are
leaving Paris by every train for Naples.
The first sign of disturbance was ob
served a week ago, when for three days
columns of smoke, issuing rapidly from
the crater in great volume, towered high
above the volcano. Then came occasional
rains of hot cinders, sometimes sprinkling
the country for several miles around.
Now lava is beginning to run.
The fire at the crater is very intense at
night, illuminating the surrounding re
gion beautifully.
Only two slight tremors of earthquake
have been felt so far.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tourists Hastening to
Naples V.ew a Most
Magnificent Sight
VESUVIUS AGAIN
SPOUTING LAVA
REPUBLICAN ' AND DEMO
CRATIC CANDIDATES FOR
MAYORALTY OF STOCKTON.
NEW YORK, April 22.— Dr. R. D. Jenks,
a handsome young bachelor physician,
will raffle himself off in a matrimonial
lottery. From two to three thousand tick
ets will be sold at $5 per chance. Here is
his proposition:
"I have been ten years in the country.
I am 28 years old. I worked hard, passed
the regrents' examination and entered Cor
nell Medical School. By working during
vacations, doing tutoring and other tasks,
I managed to support myself until I got
my doctor's diploma.
"Now I •want to marry, settle down and
begin practicing in a proper manner. I
have not the necessary money, so I
thought out the marrying plan by raffle.
This isimy scheme. There will be a few
necessary restrictions. They are three:
"The women must be between 20 and 30
years.'
"They must not be cripples or ainicted
with any incurable disease.
"The contest Is not open to negresses,
but there are no restrictions as to reli
gious belief or nationality.'
The doctor's picture is presented in to
day's World.
Bachelor Physician to
Be the Prize in a
Remarkable Raffle
STOCKTON, April 21.— Orrin S.
Henderson, the Republican nom
inee for Mayor of Stockton, is at
present chairman .of the Board of
Supervisors and has been active
in political and commercial life for several
years. He is in his thirties and belongs
to the younger element of the city. He is
a Native Son and stands high In the Ma
sonic and other orders. He has been an
avowed candidate for Mayor for a year,
and won the nomination through the per
sistent work of a large personal following
which he has gathered around him dur
ing his public life. Henderson has confi
dence In himself, and this confidence is
shared by friends both in and out of his
political party.
George E. Catts. the Democratic nomi
nee for Mayor of Stockton, is a member
of the firm of Lauxen & Catts, and, like
his opponent, Henderson, is young in
years, but fully matured in the activities
of public life. While never holding politi
cal office, Catts has been before the public
in commercial bodies and on various pub
lic committees, wherein he demonstrated
his abilitr.
With two such capable young men
OFFERS CHANCE
TO OLD MAIDS
MISS GERTRUDE DTJTTON, "WHOSE RARE CHARM AND , FASCINAT
ING BEAUTY HAVE MADE HER A GENERAL FAVORITE IN SAN
FRANCISCO SOCIETY DURING THE PAST SEASON.
Somebody has been telling me things
again about the Century Club and about
a stormy meeting 1 , in which the Iadie3 ex
changed words, peppering their sentences
well with the thoroughly feminine but al
together unclubllke exclamations, such
as "Now there!" and ""Well, I don't
care!"
It was all on account of the coming big
reception and the very necessary adjunct
to aU successful entertainments— the re
freshments. Mme. ' Chairman was for
having a certain caterer and the rest of
NEVKR before has a stranger come
within our gates and received
such genuine admiration and
marked social attentions as have
been showered upon Miss Agnes
Spreckels. It is hardly fair that I should
refer to Miss Spreckels as a stranger. She
is 'one of us, and it is only the fact that
she has been so long from us and intends
to' shortly again leave us that makes me
think of her as though she were a
stranger. While she is here with us, how
ever, we are all making the best of her
visit— basking in her smile and enjoying
the rare charm, of her personality and
conversation. Agnes Spreckels is a woman
I would unhesitatingly, set down as a
beauty. She is tall and straight and
gives one the impression of inherent
physical strength. Her eyes are large and
of a soft, tender gray, and her pretty brown
hair frames a brow on which intellect is
graven in great letters. During her pro
longed stay in I>resden Miss Spreckels has
given much' of her time to study, showing,
however, a partiality for architecture. I
have been reflecting recently and have
caught myself wondering if it was not
the study of architecture, that love for
the strong and the big and the beautiful,
that has given to Miss Spreckels her
broad, generous views and her happy,
concise way of expressing them.
For those of us who have only met Miss
Spreckels at the formal affairs that have
been given in her honor I am sincerely
sorry. If I were one of them I should
maneuver to get an invitation to some
of those many little luncheons or dinners
at which she is honored. There they will
have the happy opportunity of seeing
Miss Spreckels at her best informal, gra
cious self.
REALTY MARKET
IN GOOD SHAPE
Transactions of -Week in
Figures Reveal the^
Jb act.
Brokers Make Returns That
. Show Trend of the Pur
chasers.
i When the sales for one week of one real
'estate firm of brokers amounts to nearly
$3S0,00O the realty market can be said to
be in good shape. This record has been
made during the past week by Thomas
Magee.& Sons. The properties sold em
brace the northwest corner of Ellis and
Jones streets, 55x120 feet deep. On the lot
is the Marechal Niel Hotel, which was
sold for Mrs. Luhrs.for $95,000. The same
firm' disposed of the southwest corner, of
Mission and Spear streets, 91:8x137:6, oc
cupied by the 'Wagner Manufacturing
Company, which was sold lor SlZo.tM) by
Mrs. Charlotte F. Clark and Leslie j A.
"Wright; lifljxlbO feet on the southeast line
of iuission street, running through to
Minna, situated 220 feet southwest from
Fifth, with Improvements, which was sold
on account of Thomas Connor of New
York for $S5,000j. 30xW feet on the north
line .of Clay, 133 "feet west from Sansome,
occupied as a produce market, which was
sold for Antoine Borel to a Philadelphia
tourist; 25x80 feet on the north line of
Mission street, 30 feet east from Fourth,
with three old frame buildings, to the
Voorman estate, the owner of the adjoin
ing property, for $23,500, which gives the
Voorman estate 75x!>U feet on the corner of
Fourth and Mission streets; 91:8x130 feet
on the northwest line of Townsend street,
91:8 feet southwest from Fourth, running
through to Bluxo;me, with an extra lot in
the rear 45:10x120 feet, for J. V. Coleman
to W. J. Sloane & Co. for warehouse pur
poses, the price being $37,500. Three of
these pieces of property are oh Mission
street, t, The same brokers have also sold
two lots on the north line of Union street,
between Buchanan and Webster, 25x100,
for $1400 each. The purchasers will erect
homes on the land. .
Transactions by Brokers.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold for
Mrs. Eugenia M. Hickey to Harvey H.
Dana Nos. 215 and 217 California street^
south line, 137:6 feet east from Battery;
also lot 250x117:10x127:8^4, on the north line
of Sacramento street, 115:4 feet east from
First avenue, for the Capital Investment
Company to Felix Marcuse, the price be
in* $18,000.
O. D. Baldwin & Co. have sold to Hirsch
Brothers lot and improvements on the
northwest corner of fourth and Howard
streets for $65,000, and also for the estate
of J. V. Lawrence to H. Scheminski lot
57x92 on the north line of Eddy street, 55
feet east from Polk, for. $18,500.
A. J. Rich & Co. have leased to Gant
ner & Metten fo.r Allyne & White the
building on the west line of Hyde street,
adjoining the power house of the Cali
fornia Cable Railroad Company. ! The
firm will establish a knitting factory. The
building has been vacant for '' a long
period.
A syndicate, organized by Baldwin &
Howell has purchased the Clark tract in
San Mateo, including 300 acres, and the
land will be subdivided and sold. A park
will be laid out upon a part of the tract.
The deal was made through David Bush
& Son.
Sales are reported by Madison & Burke
as follows:
Lot 40x160, with four old buildings, on the
south line of Folsom street, between Third and
Fourth, for $9000; flats and lot, 25x137:6, on the
north side of Post street, between Hyde and
J..arkln, $9000; residence and lot, 53x140, on the
north line of Twelfth street, between Mission
and Howard, $8000; lot, 26x68:9, and two flats
on the south line of Vallejo street, between
Powell and Stockton, $4760; lot, 110x132. on the
northeast corner of California and Maple
streets, $4250, and the lot, 40x40. with a three
story store and lodging-house on the south
west corner of Sacramento and Stockton streets,
$4000.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold 647
acres of grain and fruit land In Alameda
County for J. "W. Wilshlre to Edward "W.
Holden for $26,000; also 1162 acres of farm
ing land, with farm buildings thereon and
some st<Jck, for W. F. Van Sickle to
James W. Schofleld for $34,860, the land
being in Stanislaus County.
Easton & Eldridge will auction on Tues
day, April 30, properties on Page street,
Treat avenue, Point Lobos avenue. Nine
teenth street, near Sanchez; Halght
street, near Buchanan; Nineteenth street,
near Guerrero; Clementina street, near
Second, and Harrison street, near Precita
avenue, In this city, and business proper
ties in Oakland and Alameda.
Sales on Record.
Some of the larger transactions recorded
during the week were- the following:
Voorman Company to Edward W. Hopkins,
lot. with, improvements on the east line of
Front street, 25:8 feet south from Washington,
$82,500; William E. and Lucy G. Stevens to
Hattie Hausman, southwest corner of Flllmore
and Washington, 102:8^x106:8, $27,000; Ruth B.
and Martin Aronson to Frances Rose, north
east corner of Fell street and Masonic avenue,
$13,500; Matilda Farber to E. S. Heller. 52:6x
100 feet on the north line of Jackson street,
85 ffifit west from Octavia, $16,500; John D.
Tallant et al. to L. H. Sly, southwest corner
of Jones and Bush streets, 137:6x137:6, $40,000;
A. and. Amelia Aronson to Henry, Van Bergen,
60x107:8 on the southwest line of Third street,
85 feet northwest from Mission, for $120,000.
The more important loans of the week
have been the following:
Regents of the University of California to
Antone Koenig, $30,000 on the property on the
north line of Geary street, 137:6 feet east from
Leavenworth; Union Trust' Company to Maria
Mocker, $78,500 on property on the west line of
Kearny street, 122 feet south from Post: San
Francisco Savings Union to Andrew Jackson,
$20,000 on. the property on the south, line of
Geary street, 137:0 west from Powell: Santa
Clara Valley Bank to Jane L. and John E.
Morris, $11,000 on property on the north line of
Bush, 147:6 feet east from Sansome; San Fran
cisco Savlnirs Union • to Frederick N. Woods,
$12,000 on the northwest corner of California
and Octavia streets. , •
Among the releases of the week were
the following:
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Agnes
H. Hayne, for $41,000. northwest corner of
Stockton and Washington streets and on prop
erty on the south line of Clay street, 124 :3&
west from Battery; Ban Francisco Savings
Union to S. H. Kent, for $20,000. property on
the northwest corner of Flllmore and Jack
r-on streets; San Francisco Savings Union to
Douglass S. Watson, , for $20,000, property on
the south line of Geary street, 137:6 feet west
from Powell; Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety to P. B,, Cornwall for $16,000, southeast
corner of Page and Buchanan streets.
Buildings Projected.
M. S. Price will build on the west line of
Buchanan street. 82:6 feet north from
Sutter, a three-story attic and basement
building to cost $7500.
The flats to be erected on the northwest
corner, of Clay and Lyon streets for W.
R. Lovegrove will call for an expenditure
of about $11,000.
William and Charles Betz will erect on
the north line of Folsom street, near
Ninth, a four-story flat building costing
$8000.
S. D. Stein has contracted for the erec
tion of two flats on the northeast corner
of Lyon and Washington streets, which
will cost $8600.
Johanna Harris has removed a two-
Btory, old-fashioned frame from the north
line of Sacramento street, between Fill
more and Steiner streets, to make way for
the building of a three-story flat struc
ture at a cost of $6S00.
P. Oakley' will build a cottage" on the
east line of Seventh avenue, between Cal
ifornia and Clement streets, for which the
contracts have been let.
Two six-flat buildings and two houses
that are to be erected for F. "W. Krone on
the northeast corner of Mission and Thir
teenth streets will cost J42.000.
Rafaello Tardelli. M. Louis and Samuel
Kalisky have arranged to build on the
west line of Webster street, between Eddy
and Ellis streets, four three-story fiats,
which will cost $20,000.
Katherine Babcock has taken out a per
mit to build a 1 * $19,000 frame building, to be
two stories high, on the southeast corner
of Scott and Vallejo streets.
Chinese Houses Empty.
Everything was dark around, the Chi
nese quarter last night, particularly in
those portions frequented by the' class of
women -who "were raided on Saturday. Of
ficers who were specially detailed to lo
cate them were unable to find any clew
to their whereabouts, though It ' is pre
sumed that ' they have gone to Oakland,
San Jose, Sacramento and other interior
points pending a cessation of the raids.
VALPARISO, April 21.— The Chilian
cabinet crisis came to an end to-day
when a new government was formed by
Senor Zanartu, who will take the depart
ment of the interior. Senor Luco is min
ister of foreign affairs and Senor Roari
guez minister of finance.
New Chilean Government.
pitted against each other, the campaign
will be close and exciting, but both will
strive to see that It is conducted in a fair
and Impersonal manner. Whoever is
elected, Stockton will have a young, vig
orous and energetic executive.
tion of the week, was well received by a
poor] house last night, which Is hardly
< winjr to any inherent merit of the "com
edy." The company did its best with the
material to hand, which, when it is not
wildly absurd, is lavishly dull. Charles
IxxJer does a Rood German-American
fketch. and raised a hearty laugh with his
patent bicycle, with its bath-laundry
kit ohen - fort - T>'hile - you - ¦wait arrange
ments. Arthur Borani and Thomas Elliot
.is Nid and Nod do an excellent comedy
acrobatic stunt and the Phaser Troupe is
a distinct addition. Charles E. Flynn has
the-only voice in the company and makes
fairly effective use of it.
Miss llayme Mayo is a shapely and
dashing soubrette, and as the New York
widow, Adora Van de Voordt, is well re
ceived. There is some good dancing by
an octet of danseuses, but the chorus
work is found wanting in most of the
things needful.
Next week James Nelll will begin a
pummer season with a welcome produc
tion of "A Bachelor"s Romance."
Then* is a decided lull in ihings theat
rical this week. The Columbia Theater
will be dark for two weeks, beginning to
night, owing to the canceling of James
K. Hackett's engagement, due to the ill
ness of Mr. Hackett. The theater will re
open on Monday, May 6. with James A.
Herne's new play, "Sag Harbor," exactly
as produced in New York. The Henry
Miller season will follow, and is an event
anticipated with heartiest interest among
the piay-goers. "Richard Savage" will be
Included in the Miller repertoire.
The Orpheum' s good bill is a light amid
the dramatic darkness. Miss Francesca
Redding repeats her success of last week
in the same brijrht playlet, "Her Friend
of Texas." and this week will be gowned
to distraction in a Parisian creation that
was designed originally by Felix for
Princess Helen ot Montenegro. The gown
has a ourious history. It was ordered by
Princess Helen shortly before th« assassi
nation of King Humbert of Italy, and the
order was countermanded, by reason of
the throwing of the courts of Europe into
mourning for the King's untimely death.
The dress was thus left on Felix's hands,
and was exhibited by him at the Paris
Exposition as a sample of the fine art of
gown-making-. There Miss Redding found
xt and, though it cost her several times
her fare to the exposition, she thinks it
was worth the cost. Beside Miss Redding
end the Felix gown there are Barnes and
£?isson; Clayton, Jenkins and Jasper: Alf
Grant, Madame Marion von Sehrader.
Mile. Adelaide, and from last week's bill
Horace Goldin and Josephine and her
three funny -pickaninnies.
At the Grand Opera-house this week
Kdward Eisner's version of "Under Two
Flags" will be given for the first time
in San Francisco, The play is a dramati
sation of Ouida's novel of the same name,
fi.nd is said to possess much interest in its
dramatic form. ' Miss Florence Stone is
<;as=t as Cigarette, the vivandiere, and
heroine of the story, and Jack "Vl'ebster
will assume the role of Bertie Cecil.
The Alcazar has a strong attraction for
the current week In "The Conquerors,"
.tt new play by Paul M. Potter, that has
met with great success in its Eastern
production at the Empire Theater. The
play is historical in origin, dating back to
l.he battle of Sedan. The scene of the play
Ip laid in Britanny and the plot deals -with
the events consequent upon the occupa
tion I"" the Prussians cf the castle of
Grand Pre.
The Central Theater "returns to its mut
tons" this week after a brief excursion
into the heavy legitimate with a thrilling
melodrama of the days of the Confeder
acy entitled "A Fair Rebel." Robert Cum
inings will assume the leading role of
Colcnel Ezra Mason, Lorena Atwood the
part of Clairette the "fair rebel," and
Oza Waldrop will play Joan.
The Tivoli still holds its own in Interest
tvith "The Idol's Eye ' that age cannot
vrither nor custom stale with the operatic
audience. There is no question yet of
change of bill and the piece as given this
year more than repeats the success and
excellent performance cf last season.
The Golden West comedy trio, Gus
Leonard, Bregers, Thatcher and Cheno
weth. Jack Symonds, Paraskova Sandolin
s.nd Tom Mack are the entertainers at
Fischer's Concert-house this week and
provide an unusually interesting bilL
The Malvern brothers and Jeanette and
her Australian cockatoos are at the
Olympia this week.
The new bill at the Chutes Includes La
Lista in her wonderful dancing creations;
McKay and Lawrence, sketch artists;
Zamora, the aerial wonder; the Callen
ders, high class vocalists; Madeline
JTrancks. singing and dancing soubrette;
"the Girl of Quality" In new eongs; Mirian
Alnsworth in character Impersonations,
and a series of new moving pictures.
"Under Two Flags" at the
Grand-" A Fair Rebel"
at Central.
••Tho Evil Eye," the California's attrac-
Orpheum Has Another
Good Bill--"Conquer
ors" at Alcazar.
"THE EVIL EYE"
AT CALIFORNIA
Orrin Henderson on the Republican Ticket
and George Catts on the Democratic Side
Are Aligned for the Honorable Position
STOCKTON'S NOMINEES FOR MAYOR
BOTH YOUNG MEN AND PROMINENT
THE SAJS" if Li A JS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1901.
The wedding of Carrie Llllenthal and
Mr. Esberg is to take place on May Day at
the home of the bride'a parents on Van
Ness avenue. Carrie is spending: the last
days of her maidenhood at tne dress
makers and hatmakers. She is getting one
of the finest trousseaus ever girl had to
make her happy, but in return the cou
turiere and the modiste are making ter
rific demands upon her strength, and
patience.
Like all fashionable, up-to-date brides
whose parents generously outfit them with
a regal trousseau, the wedding day will
come to Carrie Lillenthal like a two-fold
blessing. It will mean the crowning of her
love and the cessation of the all-absorb-
• •
7
OCEAN TRAVEL
J>acifiCiCoast*Steamship Co.
k. ¦ FOR
raNOME
H *"«li GOLDFIELDS.
) THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.-
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishan or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
: 10 Market Street.
AMERICAN LINE.
.NEW TOKK. SOOTHAMPTOS. LONDON. PASI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York May 1| New York May M
St. Paul May 8 St. Paul .......May 23
St. Louis May 15lSt. Louis June S
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Zeeland May 1 Pennland May 22
Frlesland May 8 Kensington May 23
Southwark May 13 Zeeland June S
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery et.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Thursday. April 25, at 3 p. m.
SS. MARIPOS A (Honolulu only)..
. Saturday, April 27, 2 p. m.
SS. SrERBA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
' ' ' Thursday, May 9, 10 a. m.
J. O.SPRECXELS ft BROS. CO., bctral Agents. 327 Harfcst St
fian'l Pasangtr Offin, 843 Market St., P»r la. 7, Pacifis St
PANAMA R.R. .sr~
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 9105; Steerage. «40. .
S.S. Argyll sails Monday, May 6
8. S. aalls Monday, May 20
S. 6. Lcelanaw sails Monday, Jane 3
'.'/¦¦ From Harrison-st. Wharf, 2 p. m.
" Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coaat Agent.
OCEAN TB.AVEL.
NOME,
Teller,. Behring,
Golofnin, etc>
mS. YALENCIA,
J. M. LANE. Master.
¦Will Leave SAN FRANCISCO.
MAY 24, 1901,
MAY 30, 1901.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
30 CALIFORNIA STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Tesler way. Seattle.
NORTBERN C0M5IERCUI COSPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
Sailing: Dates Approximate Only.
From San Francisco: From Seattle:
•••Dora" May 1 May 7.
"ConernauKh"'...May 25 June 10.
"Portland" May 29 ;......
"St. Paul" June 1 June 8.
•"Dora">»p*l sail via Juneau. Valdez. Kod!ak.
Unga and Unalaska.
For rates of passage, freight and cthsr par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.. *
310 Sansome Street. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
tndCIA 6UD AVERIC^NA r E VAPO^E*
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Section 2.
Seawall, 12 m.
PERU ....May 2 PALENA ..May 30
.GUATEMALA .May 13 LOA June 12
These steamers are built expressly (or Cen-
tral and South American passenger servte*. .
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 314 California 'street.
BALFOTTR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Agent.i.
BAY AND HI VEB STEAMERS.
for u.TTayy yard and yallejT
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON.. TUES., WED.. THURS. AND SAT..
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays.
10:30 a. m.. 8 d. m. Landing and office. Mis- :
slon-st. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Mala 1508.
Select Eastern Hams,
I2c per pound
Fresh smoked. Sugar Cured.
Finest possible quality.
H. O. Must
per package ioc
We are selling it to you as
cheap as buying it wholesale.
Eagle Condensed Milk,
2 cans 25c
; Dr. Hardy's Fancy Prunes,
E Extra size. 6 POUIlds 25c
50 weigh a pound.
Hunter Rye Whiskey,
American bottle $1.15
Gentlemen's Whiskey.
Table Claret, gallon 25c
i Vintape of California Wine As-
5 snciatlon.
Z Monday and Tuesday.
I Covington Club Whiskey,
Genvlne straight g allon $"5<>
Kentucky Bourbon — aped and
matured— in bond for 8 years.
!, Regular $3.50.
i Duffy's Malt Whiskey,
i ' bottle 72c \
Pacific" Club Cocktails,
Tspd by the K«**1« Q-/»
principal clubs UOttle O3C
of San Francisco. Regular JL25.
Bottled Beer,
quarts, dozen 90c
Pilsner 1 /- pints, dozen 50c
: Sunny Brook Whiskey, \
: full quart bottle 95c
> Guaranteed distillery bottling.
Z Regular $1.23. ; , "
J Domestic Porter, dozen 75c I
< Many think It as good as
> ; imported— and why
i shouldn't it be. Regular $1.10.
OCEAN TRAVEL-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
IhL wharf, San Francisco:
IWSjr'a For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m.,
V?y^S>?h. April 21, 26, May 1. Change to
Company's steamers at Se-
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
I JBwSBK^<gff51 C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
l|/^^*I^B|SfKflJ Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m., April 21,' 26, May land
every fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattle
for this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. -
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., April
18 23 26, May 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An- 1
geles)— Steamer Queen, ¦Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
Bteamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays. 9 a. m. _
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. . ¦ ' •
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing: dates and hours of sailing
without nrevious notice.
TICKET OFFICE r-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
* 10 Market St., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to- all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
S — -LOWEST RATES!- —
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA ..Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Apr. 8, 18, 28, May 8
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
1 Montgomery St.. S. F. ¦
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan • streets, at 1 p. m..'
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at ¦ Hongkong -, with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallintr. ¦ , - ¦'. .
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May S, 1901
BS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday, May 29. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU.. Saturday, June 23, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. . For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TBANSATLAMTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, ~ ars XB*3K
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre, $55 : and upward. Second - class ' to
Havre, $45 and . upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. • 23
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents/ 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents. -THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 22, .190
8
1 «AX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUPINF.RS OFFICE of The San Franclfco
Ci> comer of Market and Third streets: open
trtll 32 o'clock every nleht In the year.
Bn/.NCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 8:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street: open - -til P-30 p. ra.
til McAllister *tre»t: open until 9:30 p. m.
fJ5 Lorkln street: op' until 9:30 p. m.
li><l Mission Etreet: open until JO p. m.
:*« Market street, corner -ixteeatb; open
v til S d. m.
J0« Eleventh rtr*et: open until » p. n_
Kf€ Valencia rtr-«-t- open until » p. ™-
>Yrthwest corner Twent--second and Ken-
ti'rkv Ftreett: open until 9 r. m. __ j
MEETING XOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commander}" No. 16. K. „*_
T. Golfien Gate building. 625 Sutter st T3J 3
-Special assembly THIS EVENING WS
at S o'clock. The order of the Temple
will be conferred. All fraters are cour- w
tcously ln ,^ KRT McMILL , A k, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ~£%-
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. 1S3C
Degree C. ____.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. »
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at -g*^
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master fcJ\
Masons cordially invited. Ey order of / *
the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and m
A. M. — Officers and members are r °-_ff%_
ppectfully requested to assemble at the tK2s
Temple MONDAY, April 22. at ?'^r^
p. m.. for the purpose of attending the fu-
neral obsequies of Brother MICAH DOANE.
By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and •
A. M.— Flllmore St., between Bush 11
and Sutler <FrankIln Hall). Third de- S5c
gree THIS EVENING at 7:30. ~*^
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
AGEVTS WASTED.
TfASTED-A local ag*nt In each township to
pell our up-to-date publications; good re-
muneration for first-class people. Address
STEPHENSON. box 114. Sacramento. Cal.
TWO sood collectors to collect for Industrial
Insurance; two fine debits; call S-9 a. m.. 5-6
p. m. BARBE, Donohoe bldg.. rooms 17-18.
ADOPTIOX.
GOOD home open for h'-althv boy and ?trl
babies. MRS. DR. FUN'KE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
ASPHALTL'Bl ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: pottal. 1186 MIsFlon: lei. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE froe; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Ft., opp. Mason.
L 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket eU: consultation free: no fees in advance.
UOARDI2VG FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — Child or baby to care for; reason-
able. Box 2707. Call office.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board: yard: best of care. 1607 California st.
IIUSIXESS CHANCES. .
A-£CO0; BOARDING and livery stableTwest^
prn Addition; net rent $48; clearing above $150
!¦< t- month; large patronage: stock of buggies,
horses and harness first class. Call R. G.
WILKE, iC'~ Kearny St.
A— tW; BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
rrnt J1S; living rooms; location can't be beat:
good business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2ti>»
Kearny st.
A-$750; STATIONERY, variety store; cigars
nnd ioe cream; stock Invoices $1000; must be
*old at once; owner engaged otherwise. Call
U. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny El
1 WISH to sell my business; first-class paying
barroom close to Chronicle building; stock
nnd fixtures will Invoice about $25ut); pricj
¥17 jO ; my agent, R. G. WILKE. 26»/s Kearny
? I., will «rlv<- you particulars, as I must leave
«t oni-c for Seattle. CHAS. F. T.
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Ktainy Kt.; rent $75; clearing $180 p«r month;
.hilly receipts Hbout $60. Call R. G. WILKE,
"t'i Koarny Ml.
A— JSXIU: HOTEL of lj rooms, barroom, dining
ball, <-to. ; rent 175; place established many
FMfti dolnc r steady, good-paying business:
rare ohtuice for party speaking French and
Girmun. It. G. WILKli. 26V» Kearny st.
A— $•"*: STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
<iy will: livlnsr rooms; corner; Western Ad-
littion; r<nt $10 ; Rood business; clean sture.
Call K. ti. IVILKJS, W* Kearny st.
A — $4100: SALOON on Market et. : place estab-
lished many yearn and doing a large busi-
ness ; net rent $125: slcknes In family com-
\u-l8 owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. SjH Kearny Bt.
A—93DM; PARTNER wanted in old established
Sower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc. ;
l«>iler. horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all descriptions; established many years and
<!oir.ff a money-making business. Particulars
K. G. WILKE. 26U Kearny st.
WHAT? a building:, a business, a stock and
fixtures, consisting of an oyster house with
restaurant; liquor license; doing big busi-
ness; centrally located and on, Market; all
KOea for $4oO. FISHER & CO.. 9S3 Market 6t.
FIRST-ClAsS butcher 6hop; elegant fixtures;
doing J50 per day; horse and wagon; centrally
located; only $300. FISHER. 935 Market st.
DELICATESSEN and grocery, doing S20 per
day; large stock; fine fixtures; 3 living rooms
furnished; must sell at once; sickness the
cause; cost J800; $325 will take everything;
business cor. ; snap. FISHER & CO., 935 Mkt.
$275— MILLINERY store; bargain; going East
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 77714
Market st. -
J7-0— CORXER saloon for sale; under present
ownership IS years; good location; retiring
frorr. bueine&s. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 7771i
Market st.
$7o0— CORNER saloon; business location; full
value for price asked; retiring from business
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777*4
Market st.
A A A— 100 CIGAR stands, 500 groceries and bars,
300 candy and ice cream stores, 600 restau-
rants, 900 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us
WALTER /HAYES & CO., 83S Market St.
FOR private sale; some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Mkt.
J250— PARTNER wanted in an old established
cash business; owner well known practical
business man; proflte average $S0 a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. C32 Market st.
A FIXE restaurant: city front; $1500. JOSEPH
BAILIE. '19 Market 6t-
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions.
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt.
A— RESTAURANT on Montgomery «t.; good
fixtures; rushing trade; sacrifice; Quick
DO?:aLD INVESTMENT CO.. gaO Market al.
WANTED— Partner for coffee and chop house-
must be willing to take entire charge and
active Interest in the business; small invest-
ment. Box ST97. Call office.
WANTED— A partner In saloon business. 640
Commercial Et.
$125-PARTNER wanted In restaurant: fine
. ""»¦: nt > exp.: clears $50 mo. 4% Fourth st.
A GOOD ETooery. butcher and bar business
combined for tale. Box 3765. Call office.
BARBER shop for sale cheap for $25. 217
Fourth st.
IF you want to sell your business immediately.
Business Board of Trade. !S6 Pine st.
A FIRST-CLASS new and second-hand ladies-
clothing store for sale cheap, as the owner
has other business; the rent is cheap and lo-
cation flrst-class. Apply 103 Folsom st.
56CO-BETTER than ell: the right to manufac-
ture and cell Pattfson's perfect family water
g&.'S F^O^Vft^."'*- T - PATTI -
WELL equipped French hand laundry ex-
cJUflve cash patrons; without competition-
r'ood profit: poor health cause of sale. Ad'
dress box =g5. Call office. °
WHKN you want to sell or buy a paving busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO SO
Kearny Bt.: tel. Main 1604. '"
FOR Bale— I100C; coffee and chop house; best lo-
cation; pood paying; finely fitted up. For par-
tlculars address box 379C. Call office.
$1SO WILL BUT T. ~
Pmall coffee and chop house doing good bus! -
ness; cheap rent. Apply 3V£ Eighth st.
FOR SALE— Splendid business paylne $S
Sr^&U^g"- >t: n ° AJdriss
A GOOD home cooked dinner. H to 3 at r7
Market St.. Cth floor. SARAH A. STREET
manager Home Dining Room.
AN opportunity to make a barrel of money In
the next 6 months; $K>00 or $3000 required.
Box 3S3L Call office.
1<ARBERS— Byrnes' Hotel barber shop and
Lathhouse. Woodland. Cal., must be sold
tills we?k: price $150. complete.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap, with living
rooms; coniDlete. 136 Second st.
BUSINESS CHANCES Contlnqed.
FOR SALE— A well-established grocery *nd
general merchandise business In Oakland,
Cal.; will sell for cost price of stock, which
will Inventory for about $4000; splendid op-
portunity for an active business man; rea-
sons for selling, sickness; principals only
will be dealt with. For particulars see J.
F. STREET, Attorney at Law. rooms 16 and
17. 855 . Broadway. Oakland. ' Cal.
FOR sale — On account of sickness, a nice cash
business clearing from $45 to $50 per month;
4 fine large living rooms: rent only $18; biff
chance for Improvement to the right party;
one month's trial given: price $300. 619 Va-
iehcia St.. bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
$250— TAILOR business; no better location In
the city; Is positively worth over four times
amount asked: but It must go Immediately;
rent is very low. Inquire on premises, 605
Sutter st.
J1000— PARTNER, fiilent or active. In estab-
lished butter business; money used to enlarge
business: clear $150 month each. ¦ Box 3S95,
Call office. .
QUARTZ mine for sale or lease; 4-stamp mill,
water power; will sell cheap or lease on
favorable terms. Address room 6, 906 Broad-
I way, Oakland^
MARKET. 2518 — For sale, dyeing and cleaning
place: established for years; doing good busi-
ness; must leave city. Call at above address.
SPLENDID chance to buy an established busi-
ness 203 Fourth St.
FOR sale— Cigar store with clubroom attached.
Inquire 2S33 Greenwich gt.
WELL located and paying saloon; must be
sold. LEMLE-LEVY CO.. 265 Third Bt.
FOR sale— Candy store and Ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1C42 Market st.
S3C0— SALOON; old-established corner; 2 living
rooms; must sell: other business. 554 Fourth.
WANTED— Respectable young lady or man as
partner in candy business. 941 Folsom st.
$75— LADY partner for shooting gallery.
Telegraph ave.. Oakland; hours 11 to 3 dally.
NICE bakery, notions and candy place; estab-
lished 20 years. 106 Eleventh st
JiCO— PARTNER in dyeing, cleaning; good man;
experience not neceEsary. 1121 Point Lobos av.
FOR sale— Good saloon; cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Box 37SS, Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging house for gale. Apply Call office.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
_)ONAL^iNVESTMENT~Co7! ~—
£50 Market st Tel. Davis 2S1
THE ONLY ONE.
Rooming Houses Rooming Houses
We. Buy Them for Cash.
Rooming Houses Rooming Houses
We Sell Them on Monthly Payments.
We Furnish the Money.. You Pay as You Can
Special List of Bargains:
12 rooms, good furn. and carpets; a snap. $SCO
34 rooms, rent S75; everything new; see it. 2500
6 rooms, close in; nice home; rent free.... 250
a 40 rooms, rent $45; sacrifice for quick sale. SCO
14 rooms ; on business st. ; good for offices. 6C0
33 rooms, newly renovated: 2 entrances.. 2000
II rooms, very central; fine condtion: a
gem 650
15 rooms, mostly hkpg.; choice location;
clean S50
. These are a few ;* you may choose any one of
the 314 others on our list.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market. :
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL....I !
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY ;
16 rooms; corner: fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy St.. near Market 500 !
14 rooms; on Third Et., near Market Ii."0
14 rooms; on Mission st C50
<0 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000 i
24 rooms- north of Market; clears $2G0.... 2000 I
27 rooms; just finished; very fine 2S0O :
£0 rooms; on Geary 6t. : clears $135 2400
H rooms: positively the best: clears $330. 3700
FO-room boarding-house; clears $600 S00O
S-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good Hi
100 other houses. 3 to 700 rooms. '
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 7P6.
{100,000 to loan at IVi per cent.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
A. CAMERON & CO., .
S50 Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush S2S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for all Mzes and prices.
C3 rooms; downtown; modern apartment
house; clears $300 iier month: first-
class investment $3400
"1 rooms; business center: offices; good.. 1S0O
12 room*: rent J30; imk furniture 1000
46 rooms; rent $175; cor.; clears $200 5000
11 room?; rent $10; ft:.* home; piano 850
30 rooms; elegant rosl-Unce; partly fur.. 750
34 rooms; rent $130; elegantly furnished:
paying house; good jierm. and trans... 2650
MARION GRIFFIN By Call bldg.
719 Market st. ; money to loan; tel. Black 1803.
!'O rooms on Mnrket st.; low rent $G.">00 ;
VI ro<jn-.s on Eddy St.; full 1400
21 room*: corner: good furniture S00
ir> rooms; pood; quite central 850
'rO rooms; clearing ilfj) per month 3500
16 rooms: O. K.: housekeeping 1000
14 rooms; transient; fair furniture 5J0
15 rooms; corner: fino rak fur.; fine bus.. 1550
26 rooms on Lark'.n Ft., rent $80 2000
30 rooms; 2 blocks of Market; rent $35.... 300
40 rooms; full; north Market; rent $120... 1900
12 rooms; boardir.fr-lMuse; fine 1400
17 rooms; central; 1 fioor; clears $75 mo.. 500
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
6 rooms; excellent furn.; cheap rent... $200
15 rooms; rent $41 50; good location 475
21 rooms: downtown; clears $100 mo 1,000
55 rooms; fin<j cor.: apartment house... 2,£>00
102 rooms; biggest money-maker in city. 5,750
14S rooms; particulars bus. people. 25,000
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and csuntry hotels.
Sec our special barc-airi list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., S3S Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market St.
63 rooms; cheap rent: for $3250
50 rooms; corner: part cash 2600
32 rooms; rent $43; clc-ars $100 3200
26 rooms; corner: $500 cash 1100
17 rooms; rent $50; $300 cash 1100
500 other houses for sale.
Money on furniture at-l}& per cent."
18 ROOMS; Mission St.: rent S60; price $725..
12 rooms; Mason St.: rent $45; price $750.
25 rooms on Howard! rent $30; price $1000.
13 rooms on Grant ave; rent $75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy; rent $58: price $650.
12 rooms: Pine: elegantly fur.: rent $50: $1200.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth St.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established Elnco 18S2; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2, No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason.
4S rooms; north of Market; only/ $1600
16 rooms: Hyde: very finely furnished.... 600
20 rooms; rent $C0; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price. ¦-"-
2 -FINELY furnished lodging-houses; rooms
- filled permanently: a rare bargain; no agents.
MRS. A., suite 27. 13S2 Market st.
FOR sale— 10-room rooming-house; 128% Ninth
St.: good location and cheap rent; rooms all
rented.
SNAP— $300; modern rooming house of 9 rooms,
1 b!ick Van Ness and Market; north side;
rent $25. Box 3826. Call office. •* '.
14 ROOMS: central: transient: neatly furnished;
rent $40: bargain. Dcanelly Co., 632 Market.
A GOOD list of lodsins-houses from $250 to
$2500. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st.
HOUSE of 8 rooms, all full, $110; party'going
East. Call all week, 709 Taylor St.
FOR sale— 12 rooms, walnut marble-top furni-
ture. only $2S0. Apply S23 Howard st.
CARPET HEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you \beeome .disgusted with poorlwork
send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet^Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
£42-344 McAllister st.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, ragr.. 3S-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co. . 402 Sutter st. :
tel. M-in 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. » Eighth et.; telephone Jessie 944
CONKLIN*S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
ARRIVED— The celebraTed gypIy^Prtnce^Les^
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world so sure of his orcult power that he will
Five every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 13S2 Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining _ specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve.; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs). 613 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkln.
FREE— W. Rrockway, nervo-pathlst. locates
disease without asklf.g questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse, and prospect of
cure; nervous and olTonic diseases treated
without medicine. 327 Larkin, cor. G. G. ave.
KNOW yourself! Send date of month of birth
for character delineation, practical advice,
etc., 25c; 3 questions answered,- 2Sc; psychic
cartomancy. SPHINXIA, P. O. box 2165, S. F.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; slt-
tlngs q. 1164 O'FarreH. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
EARLE. 622 Geary st, telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
SPIRITUALISM— •Contlnned.
PROF ' GEETreadlngs, l2~50c; G. $1 finall. $1; .
cir. Tues., Thurs., Sal., 8 p. m.; 10c. 513 Jones.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic, Electric !
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln st, ".
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; tests to all to-night: 10c:
clairvoyants. ]
mme. m. Bernard!
the famous
Ckitrvcyant and business medium, permanent- '
Jy located 1? Third St.. next Examiner bldg. 3
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present '
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble.dlscontented, un- .
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes- •
tic. love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs .
of life; 25c up; perfect hatlsfactionguaranteed; ]
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 4206 Mar- .
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 1
and 26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. • Daily and Sunday. .
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up; satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 2i5',4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight; -i
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c, :
gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. GYEISN, trance, business medium, life ;
reader, medical clairvoyant; office hours 1 to
5 and 7 to 9 p. m. 1008'.^ Market St.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located- 1148 -Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. J
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 473 Stevenson st., cor. 6th. t
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water '
reader. 11 6th :Gcrman spoken ;tel. Howard 1S48.
YOUNG Miss Zemdar, clair., palmist; name3
given; hrs. 10 to 9. 1203 Market St., cor. Sth.
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, card reader; •
when others fail consult me; 25c. • 125 Sixth, i
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies
25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ZEJJEDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist arii^ard reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. 5th ani 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and -
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission. 1
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business »
advice: names given; 25c up 5 Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS. I
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter. •
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. WELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. ¦-
COTTAGES TO LET.
$6— HOUSE. 4 rooms; near 34th and Mission; -
worth $12 in city. Apply 61 Silver St., off £
Third; water free.
DENTISTS. • J
AT^n^"EL"E^T^"i5EN"TT£r^fN7c7l09TJar^
ket Bt., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth -\
without plates o\ir specialty; gold crowns,
$3 HO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2 _
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager. I
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges _
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my j,
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed r lady attendants. -
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. (
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl. ¦
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
COc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
¦warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth. »
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dontlst in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Oftlce 1141 Polk st.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
CURKY. "Dentist": all work guaranteed. 214 =
McAllister St.: phone Mint 276.
MEYER. 6 Turk— Painless extraction: vltallzod £
alr;crowns;brldgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, S3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815?i Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
lei's extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor, Ex- -
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg. "
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction.
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th. -
: /
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun- .
days. 1C01 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk St.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School— v
Class rates; patterns cut. 1C19 Market st. _
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt. _
¦¦ ' ' ' - ...1 F
'^EDUCATIONAL- r^^-
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.— E
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac- p
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue. —
HEALKS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.. &
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, Ian- _
guages, telegraphy, English branches,* civil, K
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
f& night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free, r^
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. — Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing-, teleg- ~
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual b
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free. _
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory T
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any —
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl- 7
tions guaranteed to »t by written contract and ¦"
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl- _
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st. q
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlning,mech.,sur- '
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van -
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, jir. City Hall.
A. FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the ~
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
Cisco Business College, 123G Market st. _,
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. 1
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and L
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45, -p
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils In all branches In a
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E, Call office. _.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin
guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission st. —
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. —
ILLUSTRATION— PAKTINGTON'S DAY and A
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424. Pine st. -
¦ ¦ I]
':».."• EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. _
JAPANESE Employment Office and House- A
' cleaning Co., best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2331. a
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds; • .
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO. c
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ- =
ment: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE . Japanese-Chinese employment of- 7"
flee; all kinds help, 315 Stockton; Main 51S8. A
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help.426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel; Black 5072
CHINESE and Japanese employment officer — ¦
Best help. 411H O'Farrell et; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALB.
FIRST-CLASS Institution cook " desires sltua-
tlon; best of reference. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish girls desire situations
as cook and second girl: best of references ;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
GERMAN woman wishes ¦ situation as house-
keeper or to do general housework; good
plain cook: no objection to country ; wages
$15; fare paid. Box 4002, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young Swiss lady, speaking
French and German, wishes a position for up-
stairs work and sewing; city references. Call
or address 695 McAllister st.
A RESPECTABLE girl -wants general house- c '
work and plain cooking. Please call at 422
Tehama st.. above Fifth. '
REFINED middle-aged lady wishes position as —
housekeeper; city or country. Call 68-7C Ellis A
Bt., room 57. between 1 and 4 p. m. • :
YOUNG girl wishes situation as second and —
waiting. Call at 159A Sacramento St.. C<
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
housecleaning or washing. 1211 Turk st. ,
RESPECTABLE woman, wishes situation as
housekeeper or light housework: 1211 Turk. —
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
horse. 150 Fourth st. ¦ • ;
EMPLOYMENT, WANTED— FEMALE.
A~SWEDISH girl of experience: a good cook
and houseworker: city references: call from
11 to 6; no postals. : 1050 Howard st. ,
A ' RESPECTABLE, trustworthy Protestant
woman, alone, would like a good home in
American family in the city where she can
make herself useful; small wages. Box 3809,
Call office. '
COMPETENT woman wants a place as cook
or general work in small family. Apply
Monday, 2415 Clay st., near FUlmore; wages
$25 to $30. ¦ :¦ -.. .
MUDDLE-AGED American woman wishes situ-
at#jn as working housekeeper; refined and
trustworthy. MRS. M. LISTON. station M,
Richmond district. . ¦ ~
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
a good washer and ironer. 4057 Nineteenth
at., near Castro. ¦
SWEDISH woman wants a position to do cook-
ing and housework: call Monday. 2S17 Six-
teenth st:, near Folsom. . .-. . :-r* ;'
ENGLISH lady offers her services as 'com-
panion or nurse to family going to Europe In
return for traveling expen. M., 2007 Howard.
WANTED— Situation as cook; small wash;
wages $25;~ woman oi experience. Apply 76
Herman st.
A WOMAN wishes (0 take care of a child;
mother's care. At 27 Geneva st.,' bet. Bran-
nan and Townsend, Sixth and Seventh.
NURSE would like the care of Invalid lady or
gentleman or a young babe: an excellent cook
for the sick. Box 2221, Call office, Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 roo;ns; 25c to Jl 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient -ana respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '-
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED— MALE.
5TOUNG man wishes situation In family; un-
derstands c^re horses, cows, chickens, gar-
den; good driver; best references. F. S. t box
379S, Call office. , t
SITUATION wanted by teihperate young, man
to look after gentleman's place; understands -
the care of horses and carriages; Is a first-
class butter- maker; understands the use of
hand separator; also good milker; under-
stands the rearing of chickens; general all-
around man. Box 29S5. Call office. - .
WANT employment a? man about place; can
milk cows, take care' of horses, chickens,
handy with tools; also understands garden-
Ing; good references: reasonable wages ex-
pected. Box 3S30, Call office.
tVANTED — Situation as man about place; un-
derstands care of horses, milking and garden;
city or country. Please call or write S.
LAUX. 26 Turk st.. Park Hotel.
UIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; will take care of
small stable of horses; no milking; wages $10
per month if good place. H. W., 246 Third st.
rO druggists! Wanted— A situation; two and
a half years' experience; not a graduate;
willing in all; city or country; Al references.
Box 3SE6, Call office.
KOUNG man wants position in grocery and
bar; had one year's experience in bar work;
can speak German and English. Box 3836,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged barkeeper |
in country hotel; references. Address D..
LOVETT. IS Fifth st. •
YOUNG man, German, would like position
as bartender in country: best of references.
Address G. M.. 1104 Larkin st.
>VITH good references, I want a place as cook
in boarding-house or. institution In this city.
Address YEE LING, 20 Prospect place, city.
30OKKEEPER. experienced, German, 35,
wants position. ROETHING, 1214 Laguna st.
V BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ;
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
FINANCIAL.
roR^lNv^oRsiiT"
I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and Income city property: gilt- '
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
road and Industrial corporations; money to
loan; investments made; bank references;
correspondence solicited. j
' T. OTWAY SADLEIR.
Room 40, 310 Pine St.,
San Franoi wen. ;
. FLATS TO LET. ,
CALIFORNIA St.. near Jones — Handsome upper .
flat, 10 rooms, bath; carpets for sale; on. ac- 1
count departure. Apply BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery si. , ;
?O let— Sunny upper flat of 6 rooms and bath,
furnished or unfurnished. Apply 1627 Folsom ¦
St., from 12 to 4 o'clock. <
?O let— Furnished lower flat 6 rooms for 3 •
months; terms reasonable. Apply at 2100 '
Golden Gate ave.
V. — SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms anefbasement,
$10. 110 Perry St.. near^Third.
ELEGANT new sunny fiat, 10 rooms. 878 Eddy
St.. near Van Ness ave.
CLLIS. 1939. near Devlsadero — Beautiful sunny
6-room flat; all modern conveniences.
i*LAT of 5 rooms; rent $15. 619 Grove st.
'LAT of 5 sunny rooms, with good yard; mod-
ern Improvements. Apply 622 Minna, nr. 7th.
: LAT 5 sunny rooms and bath. 21% De Long
ave., near Waller st.
<XAT of 6 rooms and bath. 981 Harrison St.;
rent J23.
T/AT of 4 rooms and bath. 5 Birch ave. ,
JEAB City Hall: fine sunny top flat, 6 rooms
and bath. 12 Grove st.
JEW sunny flat: 7 rooms and bath; rent $15.
Apply 350 Precita ave., near Folsom st.
UNNY 4-room flat with large yard and sta-
ble. 2 Hay ward st., oft Harrison.
iTJNNY, upper flat: 6 rooms, bath tubs and
yard. 1748 Folsom st. • .
'O let — Elegant new large • flats. - Washington
st.. between Scott and Devlsadero.
FLATS TO LET— Famished. "
1. NICELY furnished modern flat of 4 rooms,
complete; reasonable. 513 Eddy st.
iOLDEN GATE ave., • 1517— Middle; piano,
bath, garden, etc., $26; upper. $20; lower. $12.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
100— NICELY furnished sunny flat, 6 rooms.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
.--
ROOMS furnished In cak, $18 50, with No.' 7
rarge. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
URNITURE of 4-room flat for sale cheap;
flat to rent. 1748 Seventeenth ave.. South S. F.
lESORTMENTG of furniture, carpets and
stoves: give U3 a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FURNITURE "IVANTED. 1
O receive highest value for furniture, carpels,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 7o7 Mission: tel. Red 33.i3.
.UCTIONEER John Elder.' 22 Kearny. buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets., etc.
F you want to sell furn., mdie.. etc.. see J. A. -
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton St.; tel. James .1341. /
l. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-band furniture: tel. Red 1354.
auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694;
furniture * furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
:HAS. LEVY buys ycur furniture, ¦ carpets, ¦
plnnnp. etc .1135 Market Ft:: tel. Jwmle 7Ri.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
.T C. R. HANSEN & c6.'S...Phone Grant 185 -
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. > j
Head waitress, crew. of girls, summer re-
sort $30-$20
2 waitresses, summer resort, see party here.$20 -
Waitress, springs, fare paid j20 f
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, see party
here ..' $20
4 waitresses, Bakersfleld J25 "
Waitress, club, see party here jj»5 J
Waitress, San Jose $25
10 waitresses, city .'........$25-$20 j
2 chambermaids, .to wait, city $20
Cook. citv. eight people.. $20
Cook, country, see party here J35 _
2 waitresses, restaurants $7-$6 week "\
10 extra waitresses, free fare $1 50
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, couutry. see party here ." $30
Cook and second, country ....$30-$26
Cook, German style, 2 in family.. ...'..;.. ...$35
Seamstress and second work, country. $20 ,
House girls, same place $25
House girl, mining town, fare paid. :.$«5 -
House girl, Oakland, see party. here........ }25
Cook, San Rafael ~ .\. .."..:... ..J30
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 qeary st.
OOK and house girl; small American family; "\
¦wash or no wash; best of wages; office fee
paid ; see party here. ' . • -
C. K. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st. c
—10 WAITRESSES' ....' $20 j;
for a first-class hotel •.. C
C. R. HAN'SEN & CO 104 Geary st.
OOK and second girl. American family of 2. *
$25 and $20; working housekeeper, country, $20.
fare paid, see party here: first-class hotel 7
seamstress who understands carpet sewing, ¦
$25 and found; hotel cook for across the bay, -
$35. : MISS CULLEN, S25 Sutter st. - . I
—HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12. -
Waitress, country. . $20, . free fare: chamber-
maids and' waitresses, resorts, $29. ' , li
WTCT.i'P' W.\ XTT5TJ— F"FTM * T,K fnn.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. ...Phone Main 1573
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Z waitresses, commercial hotel. $25; 10 wait-
resses, first-class city and country hotels, $20
and $25; 2 waitresses, city, $25. room out;
restaurant waitress, $7; 3. chambermaids to
wait, $20; woman cook, small boarding-house,
no dishwashing. $25.
. •••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl. 2 in family, country. $30. see lady
here Ha. m. ; working housekeeper, country.
$2o, fare paid; second girl, Berkeley. $25,
choice place; many first-class places, city,
$15 to $25. MRS.- M. E. DAY & CO.. 333 Geary.
BUTTONHOLE maker, finishers and appren-
tices on custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st. ¦
SPANISH stenographer who writes Smith
Premier typewriter for wholesale house. L.
& M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery St.
TAlLORESS'to work on custom "work. 200
Golden Gate ave.
OPERATORS and finishers on coats; electric
power. 40 Ellis st., room 52.
EXPERIENCED waitress and chambermaid.
Apply between 1 and 2. 2340 Washington st.
GIRL for light- housework. 1123 Steiner St.,
near Turk.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework and as-
slst with children; wages $15. 910 Laguna st.
FINISHER on first-class coats. 334 Kearny
St.. room 9. ,
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family; wages $20. 1S10 Laguna st.
GIRL to do light housework; small family;
wages $12. 1179 Bush St.
WANTED— Lunctl waitress. 955% Bryant st.
GIRL to wait at table and help In kitchen.
25S First st.
DRESSMAKER wanted. 927 Post st
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted; gopd wages.
• 631 Clay st.
GIRL for shooting gallery. 425 Dupont st.;
call after 10 a. m.
OPERATORS on, women's wrappers; string
work; steady work; good pay; electric power.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced presser for factory:
muslin underwear and children's wear.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market , St.
ABOUT 200 more operators wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S. overall factory, 32 Fre-
mont St.; no experience necessary; good
wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WAXTED-In San Rafael, for general house-
work, an active obliging girl in family of six*,
wages $30 month; must have good references.
Adress P. O. box 196. San Rafael. .
YOUNG girl; general housework' and cooking;
family of four; no window cleaning; very Ht-
tle washing. 2721 Clay st.
POSITION for woman over 25 with some busi-
ness training: capable of earning $12 a week;
no canvassing. Box 3817. Call office.
WANTED— First-class saleslady on tailor made
suits; experienced and good references. BAR-
RON, Ladlea' Tailor, 22-24 Grant ave.
OPERATORS on shirts wanted: electric power
used: none but experienced hands need apply.
517 Filbert St.
OPERATORS, button-hole makers and appren-
tices wanted ; paid while learning. 5C9 Kear-
ny st., room 2.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to take care of chll-
dren and housework, $15. 1130 Golden Gats
ave.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls: good
pay;, steady employment. HETNEMANN &
CO.. 410 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED operators, also learners, on
muslin underwear. G. W. REYNOLDS, B97
Mission st.'. corner Second.
NEAT elderly Christian woman to assist In
small family. 1541 Treat ave., near Preclta;
Folsom-st. car.
WANTED— A first-class saleslady for cloak
and suit house; good salary and steady place.
Box 3S27. Call office.
HAIRDRESSINO taught In 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'R. classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdresstng College. S74 Geary.
MILLINERT taught in 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College. 674 Geary at.
GOOD helpers, dressmakers, skirt hands, waist
hands. 7S2 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED shirt and shirt waist makers;
also Blrls to learn. THOS. E. KENT, 121 Post.
GIRL for upstairs work; must be good walt-
ress. 2112 Jackaon st. '
GIRL, general housework; no cooklny, no dlsh-
washlng; $20. 1562 Post St., near Laguna.
TAILORESSES wanted; a first-class pants
maker. 4frJfe Minna gt.. near Sixth.
GOOD finisher on custom rants. CHAS.
COOPER, 622 Clay st.. room 18A.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply at
HALE BROS.', 979 Market St., before 11 a. m.
WANTED — Girls for hand sewing, dressmakers
preferred. • 231 Powell st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON ft CO.. 633 Market st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Eubscrlptlons has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Main 183
RAILROAD WORK
Tunnelman $2 to $2 50
Laborers ". . .Railroad Work $1 . 75
Free Fare..... - Free Fare
Man and wife, wife good cook, country, $55,
see party here; man about place, $30
20 woodchoppers, $1 50 a cord; farmers," milk-
ers and ehoreman.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, country restaurant, $85 and fare
j advanced; fry cook. $65; second cook, $65; sec-
'ondcook. country hotel, $30; 2 bakers and
pastry cooks, springs, $50 and fare advanced;
cook, small summer resort. $40. s«;e party
• here; third cook, springs, $30; kitchen stew-
ard, hotel; 10 waiters, city, country, $W to
$40; 20 dishwashers, potwashers and kitchen
hands, $25 to $30; 4 porters and house man, $20
to $25; 4 bellboys, $10 to $12; colored waiter.
country club, $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 135
./. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...:
Head cook, country restaurant, $S5 and far* 1 .
• advanced; fry cook, $65; second cook, $63;
second ' cook,' country hotel, $50; 2
tjakers and pastry cooks, ' springs, $50 and
fare advanced; cook, small summer resort,
$40. see party, here; third cook, springs, $30:
kitchen steward, hotel; 10 waiters, city and
country, $30 to $49; 20 dishwashers, potwash-
ers and kitchen hands, $25 to $30: 4 porters
and housemen, $20 and $25; 4 bellboys, $10
and $12; colored waiter, country club, $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St. .
WAITER and wife,, private family, $55; night
cook. $60; delicatessen man. $40 and board;
tamale maker, $20 and found; ranch cook, $20;
porter for institution; waiter for lumber crew.
$25 to $30; baker, country shop, $55 and found:
' hotel cook, country, $40 and found: young man
to learn baker's trade; hotel and restaurant
waiters, dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
VIAN and wife, private family, $50; fanner and
wife, $45; married foreman, for fruit ranch,
$45 and house rent free; milker and wife, $50;
S milkers, $30 and $35; farmers, $23 and $30;
choremHn. $25; driver for milk wagon, $35 to
$40; choreboy, $15; woodchoppers, tiemakers;'
4 'miners, $2 day and board; 9 carmen $2 day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
V— WANTED ..*. i
Blacksmith and shoe shop near city, $40 and
found; carriage painter, country shop, $45 and
found; 2 drillers for quarry, two-thirds fare
paid. $42 and board ; 2 single-hand miners,
two-thirds fare paid. $42 and board: 3 labor-
ers for mine, two- thirds fare paid,. $34 50 and
board: handy man on ranch, $25 and board:
4 milkers, country, $30; butter-maker and
milk, country. $30; farm hands and ranch
teamsters. $26; 4-horse teamsters for Mission
read. $30: night cook and fry cook, $50 each.
W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay at. .
5VANTED— An elderly man to cook for 4 or 5
men: wages $15 per month. Call at ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton St.
\_HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter, $45. country hotel; second cooks,
$45 and $50: waiters. $25.
rOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets to-night. 8:30, 32 O'Farreil I. Less. Sec.
rOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 113
Turk: tel. Folsoro . 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
iVANTED for U. S. • Army— Able-bodied un-
married men' between ages of 21 and 35; cltl-
eens of United Slates, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specially .desired for
service in Philippines. . For Information apply
to Recrultlns Officer. 121 New . Montgomery
St., Pan Francisco, Cal.
VANTED— Steady man; permanent place; light
.work}* will pay $65 per. month to^ start; must
have $200. .READ & CO., 1007H Market st.
,V ANTED— Bright " boy to learn watchmaking
trade. Apply 2e Montgomery st. . •
;OATMAKER wanted to . work in store." 913
Pacific at. , .
:OAT. vest and pants makers wanted at JOE
POHEIM'S. 201-203 Montg'y. 1110-1112 Market.
?ANTS and ' vest " maker for country. Apply
REISSBROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st. .
'ARPENTER ready, to work. '65 Joost'ave. ;
take, San Mateo cars. .• . ¦ - ' . .¦
)ISirWASHER. - New Mechanics' Hotel, 444
Brannan st.
JOY 'wanted. Call at 704' Mission st. '
HELP WANTED MALE: — -Con.
i A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 3S4!
-..Leading Employment and Labor Agents ..
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY -•;
1 2 miners. $75; 2 muckers.' 'ifV^'SS
Carman. $60; 4 laborers * l '•» aa>
All for the same mines ••}
6 laborers, no experience, nines »^
5 single band miners i~
25 laborers, sawmills and woods •?
15 laborers, city and country. _. -^ -^ —
a" faVm and 'orchard "hands.* J*> - nd £*
10 haymakers, teamsters, etc.... **¦
MECHANICAL HELP ••,— •-••',;
Carpenter. Institution. $52. and *?" nd : ™ n . c r b
carpenter; 3 carriage painters. $o3. P a J n . te ',;
Institution, also rough painter; 7 blacksmiths
rnd helpers. $2.«2 5O and $3 day; harness-
maker: sheetiron* worker; boys to 'earn
trades, work In shops, etc.: experienced mim
wagon driver. $33 '"?.**n
..77.. HOTEL AND OTHER HELP ...-••
, Walter. Nevada, $40, fare paid; marker and
distributor. Arizona, fare paid : : steward. $«>,
cook for officers' mess, $30: la fj** 3 -* 1 ,^
and country * 30 '.*^ > SJrJS
22 waiters, city and country. *--. $30 and
$33: laundry helD kitchen help
Butchers. $2 25 day and $59 V'"Y"C'~'
Walter and wife, small country hotel: nun-
dreds of other positions too numerous to ad-
vertise. • iJ__i_U
If you want work call and see us Monday
morning: we can place you----";---:"-'-;""'
MURRAY & READY. 634-6S6 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack wanted in a barber
shop. 324 Montgomery st.
HUSTLER for photo company: good address.
Box 4001. Call office.
WAN"TED-Cook, young man, who can do
short orders. 206 McAllister st.
WANTED— A dishwasher. 126 Ninth st.
WANTED— A plumber. 149 Fourth St.; call
early. '-'•-""
WANTED— Boy 15 to 16 years of age In whole-
sale house. Address box 3822. Call office.
VEGETABLEMAN wanted. 631 Clay St.
WAITER wanted; must do porter work and
carry trays. 37 Eddy st.
TOUNG waiter wanted. 369 Hayes st.
WANTED-Good cake baker at 4SS Halght at.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 221 Grant ave;
WANTED— A good sober short-order night cook
at 3(M Mason st.; wages $3 a week. •¦
FIRST-CLASS waiter at 29 Stockton St.
STRONG boy for grocery store; must be well
recommended. Apply 121 F6urth gt.
BARBERS— A 3-chalr shop for sale cheap. 14
Turk st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st. r
BASTERS on coats. Apply factory of S. N.
WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WASTED- German agents, well dressed, good
talkers. Monday. 10-12 a. m. 605 Parrott big.
WANTED— First-class wood carver for coun-
try. Apply 575 Mission St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission gt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35;
not less than 6 feet 4 inches and not over 6
feet 1 inch; able to read and speak English.
For further Information apply at the Recrult-
lng Otflce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
Beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED— Ship carpenter to rent shop with
tools and steam power complete: rent very
reasonable. MRS. HANSON. Second and
King sts.
WANTED— Laborers _*id mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Energetic liquor salesman for the
city; $1000 surety bond; must have trade;
state salary expected. Address box 3S21. Call.
GOOD man with references and about $300 to
take hold of a morning paper route which
earns about $18 per week. Box 3813. Call.
WANTED— First-class cook for hotel; refer-
ences required, c. e. EMERSON". Susan-
vllle. Cal.
RELIABLE and capable married man to work
on ranch. Apply 222 Dolores st.. between 6
and 7 p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
" to 50c. SG2 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CARRIAGE painter wanted. Railroad and
Fifth aves., South San Francisco.
YOUNG waiter wanted. 210 Townsend at.
SOLDEREHS and boys wanted. American Can
Co., 618 Battery St.
BOY for helper in Iron shop; must have some
experience. Apply 814 Kearny st.
ABOUT TEN more agents wanted at 347 Third.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 9X0 Howard st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 5Cc up. S41 Third st.
AT cash prices' for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 2G Steuart St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receK-ed at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fuhscrintions has been established at 109s
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR Sale— At Eclipse Stable. 1373 Eddy st..
span of brown mam, 15 u. hands, gentle:
beautiful black horse, nt. 1230, gentle Tor fam.
FOR sale cheap— Laundry • wagon in good re-
pair. Rincon Hill Stable. 417 Folsom st.
A — 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
5 SECOND-HAND spr;nkllng wagons In good
crder for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 310 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN A SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and- trotters. 721 Howard.
AN a No. 1 express w»gon. single, aiso light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
. HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send foiTcl£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE to rent— 104 Guerrero St., near Thir-
teenth: 10 rooms, bcatdesybath. laundry and
servants* room; high ground: sanitary plumb-
ing; garden; 1 block from 3 lines of cars-
rent very reasonable. : "
I SUNNT house 9 rms.; conveniences; large yard-
I basement. 1913 Central ave.. near Sacramento!
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing; $1 per year!
I HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. 3 ron->« . n <i
bath^; Oakland; $U. Applyat 14 G^S a "1
HOUSE of 8 large sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nlshed; piano, garden, laundry; May 1 for
3 or 6 months; rent reasonable. '2838 Mission
SPBPRDAN HOMES.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS'"
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
A house 10 rooms, furnished "complete- piano
cXon^T^CY.^MXi.ft 0^
COUy UiX-_^O^SES TO Lfc/IV
T ? m 1 ,« ' n ;, Sa . nt * Barbara-Furnished boose:
SwL- £ fwnJtnre.new: fine location; two
r t n Arlington Hotel and one block
¦ & h tr S Uey llce: ten minutes' ride from
beach, house contains four bedrooms, serv-
ants room etc.: gas and electric lights; the
. mort complete and best furnished house in
f^'i* "f/fcfra- For Particulars address
FRANK M. WHITNEY. Santa Barbara. Cal.
CORTE Madera furnUhed cottage, 4 rooms-
'2iT« ew: 3 to 6 mon ths. W. E. JACKSON
612 Montgomery st.
IX^J"AXjrA^EOUS_AyATE]tt~~HEATER.
T 9F M £ h i your O ame . an d by~thTTlmTyou"ari
disrobed hot bath is ready, at a cost of 2U C -
can and see it in operation: send for lllus-
l^ ed^ pajnphlet - RIBBON WATER. HEAT-
¦ ING CO.. . Examiner building, room . 607.
LOST AXD FOTOD.
i LOST— On Saturday, between Good Fellows
Grotto, Grand Hotel and St. Lawrence Sta
bles, a 32 degree Masonic emblem; eagles en
) one leaf, square and compass on the other-
r , proper Inside inscription on inside and D M*
/ DeLONG: liberal reward If left at Diamond
) Palace or at 272S Folsom st. D. M. DeLONG.
; LOST — Lady's gold watch between corners of
Castro and l"th and Church and 16th. Return
: to' P. O. Station G. Castro and 17th; reward.
{ LOST-Gold watch: Initials K. H. Return to
' 14S Sixth st. and receive reward.
1 LOST — On Sunday, a pair of spectacles: liberal
reward. Return to 1147 Mission »t.
» — — — ' , _
1 LOST— A lady's gold wateh and chain; letter*
; "S. B." eJ*Kraved on case. A liberal reward
will be paid for return of same to L. T
QITEEN. 423 Buchanan st.
. BOAT lost, in Petaluma Creek, after 10 o'clock
I Saturday night: painted dark outside. ll?ht
) Inside, with anchor In the boat. Finder
1 I please notify Golden Eagle Mills, or FA1K-
BANKS. Petaluma. CaL
LOST— Certificates of deposit on the Paeifio
Bank and People's Savings Bank and mtnln*
' stocks. Reward $3 on delivery at S63 Bryant.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte
Jeweler. 243 O'Farreil. bet. Powell and Mason!
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Tjlilsi lit.
MATTRESSES AXD UPIIOLSTEHY.
IIATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South 79U;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared: expert carpet cleaning: strictly reil-
able. HOPKK BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only:
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; . the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Markt.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
treatment, superior to any other: positive curs
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Horn*
Treatment: harmless: consultation free.
\ IREATMEN'T that la guaranteed to glv«
instant relief for all female complaints at of-
fice; travelers helped at once: home in con-
finement: consult free. MRS. DR KOHL.
1122 Market St.. next to Owl Drug Store.
DR and MRS GOODWIN. 1033 Market St.. nr.
6th— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 2J yrs. experience: treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 2S yrs."
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home befor« and durirt?
confinement 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
ALL cases of female complaints cured: expert
for 37 years. Dr. V. Popper. 13 Mason st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist: best medical care; low fee*.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Td-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on one floor, ready ra-de;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1013. 1C21. 1023 Mission st..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
SELLING out my entire stock of trumpeter*
and swallows: going East the cause; will
sell them cheap. F. PRINZ. 13 Harrison
ave.. off Folsom st.. between 7th and 8th.
A BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITISLAW. tlo Spear st.
GOOD paying rooming-house to exchange for
lot and cottage: Mission preferred; valua
about $1300. Box 3715. Call offlcg.
BARGAIN— Large family tent. new. best qual-
ity, complete, at KATTENHORN'8 O.rocery.
2411 Buchanan at.
FOR sale— Fine stock of chickens, all ktndu
and sixes, from 10c up. Derby »-. west of
Magee avo.. Lortn. Berkeley.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $3 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
A— $3 BO DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny «t.. near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and Georra Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansoma »t.. 3. P.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
SEE that palrfcf diamond sleevebuttons; prlc<»
112: worth J20. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFO. CO.
GAS. steam, oil and ruining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston. £53 Mission st., nr. 3d.
2C0 LIGHT marine set, directly connected: good
fhape: cheap. II. S. WHITE. S16 Mission st.
ENGINES and 1 . boiler3: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beal- »t.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new a:id 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WAITY. SAFE. KW-n* Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. _,
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2522.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lo*«
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Market at.
IF TOUR PROPERTY " ' ~
• - IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probats.
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room IS, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to rbtaln
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. "
$sCO.C0O AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city:
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: moc«y
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room <3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, dian'onda.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission: private. Room 31. ( Eddy st.
CASH loaned on salaries- New York plan. TUB
TOUSLEY CO.. S21 Parrott building.
LOANS. I»tor2d mtg*: city, country, «%. undi-
vlded ints. ; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bl;?.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL.' nn. 41. Merchants' E~.. 431 California.
LOANS un salaries without lndorser or <*cur-
ity: Kastem plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bide.
$18C.C0O TO loan on real estate or for butldlzg;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH" loaned to salaried people- on note w'thmit
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C3 Examiner nulling.
TO salaried people without collateral or !n-
dorser. a F. D'gcotmt Agency. 143 Phelan big.
BIO.\t_y \VA.\TKI|.
WANTED— $29,000 for 3 years: real estate s*~
curlty; good Interest. Address box 3S87. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT BTRON MAUZT'S. 30S Post St.
Chickerirg $4/)
Hallett & Davis M
Dunham 73
Symphony * •. 1W
Gilbert & Co „ 123
Steinway l.V>
Rlcca ...; ... 350
Gabler 2T3
.Steck Baby Grand dike new> 4i9
Sohmer Baby Grand (like new) 7^0
These pianos are all in excellent condition
and thoroughly warranted, and can be ex-
changed in three years for a new SOHMER
or BYRON MAL'ZT Piano.
Pianos rented— Squares, 51 50: uprights. $3
pp. and rent allowed en purchase.
f PIANO snaps— $60. $75. $S0. $123. $130; easy
payments: also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
gain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'F-rreJ
St., Cbickering agency.Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 21—5 p. m.
The 1 1 pllowlng are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty- four hours:
PALACE HOTEI*
H S Clarke. Portland
Miss R E Hewett, Chg
G V Lowry, Cal \
A I Hamilton, Wls
H XV Patton. Wash
W B Dewey, Phila
F S Meek. Philadel
W R MartKt. Chgo
Mrs C Stenderson. N Y
Miss Stenderson, N T
X, King, N Y
F S Whedon, N T
J W Moore, Phlladel
A G Sharp, Colo Sprga
F B Wortman, Colo Sp
Capt Bordman. U S M
J Horton, Livermore
H L Ford. U S Survey
H B Beckley. Cal
H Mltell, Sacto
E J Fraser, Lorln
F McDonald, Boston
F A Cook, Wash ¦
H 1* Smith. S Lorenzo
E Cowe & w, Mich
C Ager, Cal
R E Renaud, Cal
EH Pearce, Cal
F S Foulke. Cal ¦
R B Mitchell. Berkeley
F S Noble. Cal
G M Mort, Cal
J B Higfrlns. Reno
Mrs H H' Sturtevant,
Ohio
Miss L. Richardson.
Boston
Mrs S White. AT.
J P Moore. N Y N
W Read, Keswick
J H Medbury. N T
L Black. N Y
H E Carey. Salt Lake
J Fowler & w, St Loul
S W Penz. HarrisburR
H F McCIenman. N Jf
H M Sears & w, L. An
J B Haly, Paris
R R Gibson, NT
Dr A Kuhls. USA
F d'R Fuegro, Toklo
J Mallory. N Orleans
E Fenollosa & w. Japn
C Latterman. Haunbrg
Mrs C Norwood, Cal
Miss Norwood, Cal
E R Chane, England
N L Grlswold & w.
Mrs E LeR Ferry. N T
Miss C LeR. Ferry. NY
Mrs F C Austin. Chgro
Miss M O Austin. N Y
H G Freesi N Y
H Raphael|\London
A Ridsdale. London
A S Cronder & w, Spok
It Parks. Detroit
D F Kahn. Conn
J A F McAllister, Chg
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
S W Johnson, Iowa
M S Johnson, Iowa
F Wood, Visalia
O Overall, Vinalia
H Squires, Visalia
G Newlan, Visalia'
G Stewtervant & w,
Oakland
Dr McLaren, Eureka
W F Parker. L Ang
M Hochheimer, Cal
C J Spohn, Iowa
C Undenburg, Mich
O E Getchell, L Ang
M P Henderson & w.
West Virginia
G Green & w. Watsnvl
R Green, Oroville
A Stiaw & w, Sacto
G Wright, Alameda
ME Dalley & m, Cal
E Smith & w, Iowa
B Domelins, Texas '
A J Parker. Galveston
J Hopkins & w. Denvr
S Hammond, Chicago
Dr \Vaiss, Chicago
F Hodge, Cal
T V: Davis. Cal
F Wortman, Colo
Mrs Seymour, Cal
A Tognerfflnl. Cal
N Conkle & w. Wis
G McDonald, Mexico
M Houlihan, R I
R McCordell. R I
J Maguire. R I
B F Lennon. R I
Clara Lavender. L A
H Morris, Fresno
B Morse & w. Sacto
G Berger & w, Cal
G Barnard, Wash
W S Little, Boston
AH Lambert. Butte
A Halford & w. Wash
Dr Cross, Stockton
J Kauffman, Woodlnd
H Rives, Berkeley
A Rives, Berkeley
G. W Tomb, Cal
I M Reyman, Orovllle
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
G F Edwards. N Y
V R Short. N Y
W A Wytal. Cincinnti
C Desstlne. Cincinnati
C F Brown, Manila
L E Reed, 111
G Curtis, Manila
A E Astin. N Y
E M Howton & w, Colo
G .H Guthrie & w. Tex
C B Prospen. wash.DC
O Allen, Wash. D C
J Stockbord. Kan City
J H Wesecup, K City
J Ferington. Chicago
M B McFadden, Chicgo
H R Kent, Chicago
W Chinn. Cal
S Griffin. Boston
F W Sith. Manila
GRAND HOTEL.
Timothy B. and Kliiabeth Shea <owners>
with Carl N. P. Ahlgren (contractor), archi
tect August Xordln— All work except painting,
mantela, shades and gas fixtures for a two
story and basement frame building on K lln«
of Lyon street, 125 N of McAllister. E 100. N
23. W 100, S 25, W. A. 591; $3932.
Anton Kgifort (owner) with tam« contractor
and architect— Same work for same styl« of
building on \V line of Alameda- street, ISO S
of Twentieth. 26 by 100; J1500.
r««»en(r<>r •levator in four-ntor- -frama build-
Inn on NW corner of Clay and rowvll •trMu;
flOOO.
Quliin 8oho*t«r (owner), with Christ
Schweltier (contractor and architect)— AH
work except the co*t'of water. s«w«r ntvl gn«
connections for one-ctory ami basement fratn»
cottage en \V line of Alabama street, 104 S
Of Twentieth, 88x100; $1500.
Generally, dear weather prevails over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains, except
over Puget Sound, where- it is cloudy, with
light rain.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
western portion of the country and fallen over
the Missouri Valley. ~
- The temperature has fallen over the Rocky
Mountain region and remained nearly station
ary in other districts. / ¦'
Conditions are favorable for fair feather In
California Monday. J^
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 23, 1901:
Northern California — Fair Monday; light
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
Nevada — Fair, warmer Monday: light north-
Utah— Fair, warmer Monday; light northwest
wind. J
Arizona— Fair Monday; light variable winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
light northwest wind. G. H. "WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: ¦ Maximum temperature,
59; minimum, 46; mean. 52.-
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
" William C. Fink (owner) -with Moller & Sass
(contractors), architect -A. - J. Barnett—Altera
tions to fit up ground floor for ; a salcfon and
cigar store (four-stcry» and- basement brick
building), on NW corner of Battery and Mar
ket streets ;, $4700. , -^ - . •
-Patrick J. Land (owner) with L. .U. Grant
(contractor)— All > work for • a two-story • frame
building with ' concrete foundations on S line
of ¦ Fourteenth street, 50 W of Landers, W 25
by S U0;.$3000.- • • • *
' Miss . Jennie ; de la Montanya (owner) with
W." - L. ¦ Holman (contractor). - architects "Wil
liam Mooser & Son— All "work for one electric '
Builders' Contracts!
Matthew" I. Sullivan to Roman Catholic Arch
bishop of San' Francisco (corporation sole), lot
on NE corner of Filbert and Steiner streets. E
31:9 NE 122, W 43:6. S 120 1. also lot on N line
of Filbert street, 31:9 E of Steiner, E 30, N 120,
W 18:3. SW 122; $4000.
Estate of Amelia V. R. Pixley (by J. F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executors)
to Stephen A. Born, lot on W line of Flllmore
street, 37:6 S of Union, S 50 by W 93:9: $2520.
. Howard C. and Josephine E. Holmes to
Fanny I* Sprague, lot on N line of Broadway,
192:6 W of Fillmore street, W 40 by N 137:6;
$9000.
Elizabeth 1G. Baldwin and A. M. Sharp to
Elizabeth M. Sharp, lot on N line of Vallejo
street 102:6 W of Devisadero, W 30 by N 137:6;
$3500. ' -.r
Timothy J. and*Anne> Sheehan to Thomas
McCarthy, • lot on W line of Clayton street,
233:9 S of Waller, S 25 by W 125; $6500.
Eliza C. Herbert and 33 executrix of estate
of Joseph M. Comerford . to . E. Gustaf Larson,
lot on E line of Walter street, 120 S of Thir
teenth. S 24 by E -100; $1800.
Emanuel Anderson to Wendla C. Anderson,
lot on W line of Pond street,' 103:6 S of Six
teenth. S 25 by W 80; gift. ..
I Matthew H. Manuel (guardian I of estates of
John A.. Raymond T., Irma, Mlzpah and
Joseph W. ¦ Manuel, minors) to Manuel Estate
Company (a corporation). 'Hot on S line of
Twenty-sixth street, 25 E of Bartlett. H 100, S
150, W 60, N 75, W. 50, N75; $3600. > —
Goodall Estate Company (corporation) to
James M. Curtln. lot on W line of Douglass
street- 32- N of Twenty-fourth. N«32, W 125,
N 50-W 51:8, S 114, E 51:8. N 32, E 125; $1500.
Leopold and Anna. Klotz to Antonio Figone,
lot on E line of Stockton street, 35 S of Filbert.
S 31 by E 73; $5200. - ,
:- Michael J. Crowley to Mary A. Crowley, re
record 1010 D. .388. lot on S line of Turk street,
183 W Of Jones, -W. 23 by S 137:6; gift.
Thomas N. and Julia A. Holm to Herbert E.
Law, same; $11,000. - . . . ¦
John R. and . Margaret Stevens to Mary E.
Bradv (wife of Hugh J.^ lot on NW line of
Brannan street, 125 NE of Sixth, I*! 25 by NW
110- $2000. /
Thomas F. ; Burke to Katherine E. Mackey
(wife of Patrick), undivided one-sixth of lot
on -NW- line of ¦ Clementina • street. 200 SW of
Eiphth SW 25 by NW 75: $500. -
M A". " Meier to Olive Verkouteren, lots 3. j 4
and 14, * block 365, South San Francisco -Home
stead and Railroad Association; grant.
John H.. Albertie M., Samuel -J. and Wll
helmlna C.Hendy. Mary F. McGurn- (wife of
Thomas R.) to Giovani Staricco, lot i on S cor
ner of Nineteenth avenue and L street ; (south),
SE 75 by SW 100, - block ' 387, • same ; $1000. -
Thomas H. and Sarah D. O'Connor to John
S. and Sara M. O'Neil, lot on E line of Webster
street, 25. S of Filbert, S 25 by E 100; $900.
¦ Pacific Coast Jockey Club to New California
Jockey Club, lot beginning on W line of San
Miguel Rancho, 33 chains 58 links S of meet
ing of courses 23 and 24, E 3 chains 60 links,
8-49 chains 45 links, W 5 chains 79 links. NE
60 -chains, containing -23 acres of San Miguel
Rancho; also lot at intersection erf SW corner
of Ocean House road and W line of Arlington
street, NW 3184. SW 3353, NE 2413, N 1423, con
taining 126.24 acres; also lots 26 to 34, 18 -to 25
and 35 to 48, block 27, Lakevlew (Ingleside
Track) ; $300,000. -
John H. Schulthels to Charlotte K. Leppla,
lot on E line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 100 N
of J street, N 50 by E 120. quitclaim deed: $1.
Charlotte K. Leppla to Christine Chultheis.
lot on E line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 123 N
of J street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
i Gabriel and Minna Lewin to Felix A. and
Julie Verdler, lots 34 ' and 35, block 6, Garden
Tract Homestead Addition; $1500.
Luclna A. Lillie to Oliver J. Bailey, lot on
W line of Seventh avenue, 100 'S of I street,
S 50 by W 120; also lot oil S line of Carl street,
30 E of Willard, E 25 by S 100; $2500...
Minnie L. Self ridge to, Ed ward A. Self ridge,
lot : commencing on SE intersection of B and
Water streets, lot 697. 60 NE of Spear and
183:4 NW of Howard, NW 43:10 by NE 77:6;
gift. . '
Martha Thompson to Herman J.. Custer, lot
on N line of Twenty-second (Sierra) street, 75
W of Kentucky, W 25 by N 100;. $2500. . ,
Charles E. Ray to Sophia Kashow, lot on E
line of Third avenue. 250 S of California street
(south), S. 25 by E 120: $3500. ,
Israel Kashow to same/ same; gift.
William Hart to Willie and Mary Hart, lot
on S line of Sacramento street, 98:9 W of Jones,
S 97:6 by W 30; gift.
Patrick O'Brien to Catherine A. and Mar
garet A." O'Brien, lot on W line of Harrison
street, 100 S of Twenty- fourth, S 25 by W 112:6;
gift. :
Same to Catherine O'Brien, lot on W-line
of Harrison street, 50 S of Twenty-fourth, 8
25 by W 112:6; gift.
Same to Alice O'Brien, lot on W line of Har
rison street, 75 S of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by
W 112:6; gift. . :
: Thomas E. Curran to Erina A. Curran, lot
on NB corner of Capp and Twenty-fifth street,
E 92 by N.65; also lot on N line of Twenty
fifth street, 115 E of Capp, N 65 by W 23; also
lot on E line of Valencia street; B0 N of Rid
ley, N 30. by E 80: also lot on E line of Twen
ty-sixth avenue, 218:4 S of A. street, S 46:8. E
238:6, NW 46:8, W 233:8, block 308. . Pleasant
View - Homestead ; gift. ¦ ¦¦-- , ¦ :
Theresa A. Barton (Crowley), Edward I J.
Barton, Julia and. Annie Crowley to Albert S.
and Antoinette Graff, lot on SW line of
Norfolk street; 105 SE, of Folsom, SE 25 by
SW 63; $2500..-
Isabella A. Andrews (-widow) to Citizens'
Building and Loan Association, lot on S. line
of Waller street, 84:4& W of Cole, W 25 by S
75; $10. j ¦ ..
Citizens' Building: and- Loan Association to
Isabella A. Andrews (widow), same; $10.
Rosine (or Rosina) Poehlman to Matthew I.
Sullivan, lot on S line of Green street, 1 78 W
of Baker, W 26 by S 137:6; $1500.
Joseph Figel to Edwin H. Mozart, lot on N
line of McAllister street, 187:6 W of Pierce, .N
137:6 by W 25; $4000.
Stephen A; and Mary L. Born to Bernard
Frank, lot cn.W line of Flllmore street, 37:6
S of Union, S 25 by W 93:9; J50C0.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood fby Abbie R. and
Martha Wood, administratrixs) to Joseph W.
Salz, lot on E line of Steiner street, 51:6 S of
Vallejo, S 26 by E 137:6; $2500. .
Bryon Waters to Joseph Flgel, lot on N line
of McAllister street, 137:6 "W of Pierce. N 137:6
by W 75, quitclaim deed; $5.
Kstate' of Johanna Rior'dan (by Dennis F.
Riordan, administrator) ,to Gertrude Ehrman
(wife of George), lot on S line of Grove street,
108:6 W of Gough, W 23. S 120. E 13:6. N 50" E
11:6, N 70; $4550.
George Ehrman to Gertrude Ehrman, same;
Sltt. . .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
been repaired after the winter storms and
are in fine condition! The regular stages
commenced running from Raymond . on
March 25. The prevailing, weather is per
fect and the falls are increasing in vol
ume daily, due to the rapidity oft the" snow
melting in the higher Sierra. Most of the
trails have been opened and all the drives
in the valley are in excellent condition.
John F. Stevens/Guardian of the Yosem
ite, says: » - .
"I have had more inquiries made this
spring both from campers and tourists
who expect to come in this year than ever
before. I expect to have at least, 2000
campers here at one time. I have ten men
working on the Glacier. Point trail and
they report that it will be opened to-mor
row." ' „
Hundreds of Summer Pleasure -Suck
ers Prepare for a Journey ti
the Valley.
TOSEMITE -VALLEY, April 21.-The
season has opened in the Yosemite. All
the . roads leading into the valley have
CROWDS WILL TRAVEL
THE YOSEM1TE TRAILS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; APRIL 22, 1901.
9
I Last I This I Last
24 Hours! Season. I Season.
STATIONS.
Eureka
Red. Bluff.... ...
Sacramento ..:
San Francisco.
Fresno
Independence
San .Luis Oblspo....
Los Angeles
San Dieg-o..:
44.39
22.67
17.50.
18.99
10.38
•5.80
27.88
14.17
10.55
47.95
21.75
17.32
18.10
7«92
2.82
15. 82
6.09
3.57
I Last I This I Last
24 Hours! Season. I Season.
STATIONS.
Eureka
Red. Bluff.... ...
Sacramento ..:
San Francisco.
Fresno
Independence
San .Luis Oblspo....
Los Angeles
San Dieg-o..:
44.39
22.67
17.50.
18.99
10.38
•5.80
27.88
14.17
10.55
47.95
21.75
17.32
18.10
7«92
2.82
15. 82
6.09
3.57
Ml 1 SI CAL ISSTnrM-jVTjl— Con.
ANY urnon havlne u»t for a piano can be «e-
rommodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'t with
raslMt payment a, lowevt prices and mott rt-
tlablc mnkrrn to choc** from. Each th« bett
of their «— «d*. from Ftetnway down, rrivtirg*
rirrn to . enchant* medium and low - priced
planot tor a npw Stelnway any time within
three year* from dat« of purchase. Beautiful
new uprlithta Bold for (8 cash and ft per
month. We offer to eril some irood planon at
U. M and *5 rvr mor.th. SHERMAN. CLAY
A CO., Stelnway dealers, corner Kearay and
Butter *ts.. Pan Francisco; corner Broadway
_nd Thirteenth rt, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
J Novella uprtKht..$GM 1 Hallet & Davis. $463
1 Kmcreon upright. $."•" 1 Schiller uprlght.$2«5
1 Vose **5 1 Gabler $135
J Urines JSlB up 2 Chlckcrlngs, like
1 Heine baby grand new $200
mahogany like 1 Pteinway uprght.$18S
n?w $323 1 Hardnmn J85
Aurt fifty others ; rented and rent allowed;
rents $3 up; we handle all makes; agents for
pome of the oldest and most famous pianos
in existence; agents wanted. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 21" Geary (tt.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
weet of Chicaro Is SOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
:? and SO OTarreU st.: pianos, organs and
a:! other mnctcal tcAn&nents of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
SEE the new Harelton— none better— may cost
more; we are making specially low prices;
we have many other fine Instruments; a few
extra bargains In good second-hand uprights:
terms to suit purchasers. THE J. DEWING
COMPANY. Flood building.
A CHANCE to buy a good thing for less than
tt Is worth Is always desirable. We have lots
•f such chance* Just now for any one wanting
a good piano cheap. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
T69 Market st.
SMALL Chickering upright $125; 6 uprights,
second hand, your choice at $150. 217 Geary.
$45 UPRIGHT. $123 Knabe, $135 Bteinway &
Softs, at FAT'S piano factory, 1729 Mission.
ELEGANT S-pedal upright piano: used 6 mos. ;
must be sacraflced In S days. 618 Eddy st.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market 6t-, you
can get storage pianos almost for a gong.
t3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CTJRTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes et.
EPECIAL eale of pianos this week; Stelnway,
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 208 Post st
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; rnust be eold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE planoe; Steck. Hartman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be eold; nice upright piano.
PCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tones. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, S33 Market st, 4 elegant up-
rightf at your own price. Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
NCLLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pares, in wrapper for rrmilinsr. SI per year.
OFFICES AND. STORES TO LET.
A— MCALLISTER. 232— Brand-new and roomy
plete-plass window; low rent.
LAP.KIN, 1001. cor. Post— Modern, sunny; will
pU>t to FUit: $40.
OI1U
WHY do we sell eo much of our 5-cent" oil
Ftock? Because it is reliable and offers extra-
ordinary chances for quick and sure profit;
eerd for prospectus or, better still, see us;
open evenings. PACIFIC STATES MINING
and INVESTMENT CO.. 22C Post St.; estab-
im.
TO eet rich quick and easy buy undeveloped
oil lands in the heart of Coalinea district:
only II 23 per acre to-day; perhaps $10,000
within a year. American Exploration Co.,
1413 Call building. '
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil Lands In the
best districts; investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.: a good Investment: water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big., 464 9th. Oakland.
McKITTRICK Consolidated bought and sold;
«end in your offers. AMBROSE HARRIS,
<>ll-ei2-C13. Examiner building.
JOSEPH B. TOPL1TZ, 330 Pine St.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
¦ ¦ '
OIT-. tanks, second-band, in irood order; all
rlT.or: rh«»«n. TT F IVWTTFy K1<; Ml«y'on «t.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON, 301 Examiner building.
XVIJJL, lea«e 20 to 300 acres proven oil land near
6an Francisco; has railroad and eteamer
landings; hiph grade oil. Address Expert,
box 3704. Call office. «-
t- 1 i — _
75.000 ACRES oil land In various counties for
)*¦><••> »itx1 *n1» T?r»RtXSO\. SR Oeiirv St.. r. «.
PAIXTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Harttr.an Paint Co.. 319 3d 6t. ; tel. Red 332L
MALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. ?3
PALBIISTRY.
Hr"j^^O^En?O^SELLir^cientific palrnlstTBlS
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PARTXEns WANTED.
WANTED — rSoetor as partnee on new discov-
ery. Box 3S93, Call office. - ¦-.• -
PATENTS AKD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless succeesftzL
<tr.r>. r>. fAifPRFLL. iM-errer. Examiner ble.
PERSONALS.
A— IF rour hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to -all
parts of the world; cali or send for circular.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
shade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Sutter st. '
FTOP trying to blister your freckles off with
lotions; they'll come 5-ight back; call and get
our absorption treatment; use it; if your
freckles return pay nothing. N. Y. Institute
of E>ermatology, Glasgow building, 105 Ellis
et., San Francisco.
. . '
DM PROFESSIONAL, visiting or business cards
sent to any address for 25c London Card
Co.. 1079 Market St.. S. F. ¦ -
THE Microbane Medical Co., removed to 411
, Geary st., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff: Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove superfluous hair; call and see
us. Microbane Medk-£i Co., 411 Geary st?"
WANTED — Those having cancer or tumor to
write for free book on home treatment of
this disease by absorption; no pain, no plas-
ter. C. A. MASON. M. P.. Chatham. N. Y.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured .it
Lome: J5; valuable Information for ltquor,
morphine, opium, all drag habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk st.. San Francisco.
|1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Breweh. 115 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
fi. overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
V *^et et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel <4 Third st.. near Market; 700, rooms;
2Sc to $150 per night; $150 to (6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL, to learn hairdressing. hair work. man.
Icurtng: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOTLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, f 2 2S. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to S, ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
fPRIXG etyles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" otfice. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
OLD g-cld. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
Lndles' 6 gents' cast-off clothing bought Sc
gold. J. Silver-man. 9S4 Folsom :tel.Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER, 20 Montg*y— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter yhat's broken. $l;guar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: Jl: at sJl druggists.
•KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather. , wood
and photos, at ali flrst-class art stores.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric t,eedle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE-S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
( PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR >~ C i. C^O^DONNELL-Office and residence.
1021 Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, mv Ellis.
_J PILES.-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of -prominent busi-
ness* men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
salves for eale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box IS50, CaU office, S; FV Cal. •
nBAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR KALIS.
CHEAPEST butiainr «lteiin r niehmond7 sir<1-
cd; «tr*et work done; brick m»w«r*. On t>lxtli
ave., near Point Lobon, Inta SSxlSO, $i ; X: on
tfevenlh ave., lot* £5x120, fesS;th*K0 lota wer«
ftppr-lrml at two In tho Probate Court; S lots
left on Point Lob»B, north or tunny kttle,
near Klghth ave., StxlOO, 11000 each; for thc«4
tune lota I2M.I0 each wat offered a few yearj
aro. On« lot, SSxlOO, $63S, on north or nunny
Bld» of A »t., near Seventh ave.; a numb 1 ;
of flrst-cla«s two-story recldencea to go up
at onrn on the adjoining lots. Any one of
there lots ti a tine buy, as they are well
located, easy of access by I linos of cars and
not far out. I can arrange for mortgages
for about GO per cent of. the purchase price.
I consider these lots the cheapest in San
¦ l'mncisco and I recommend them to builders
nitil contract;)!.* especially. W. J. GUNN,
E-tt California st, ,
EXECUTRIX AUCTION. ~~ ,
We have been Instructed by the widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
ten-room house and lot. stable and. outhouses,
198 Laidley St., cor. Fairmont st: lot 176x150.
Cottage of 4 rooms, HO Laidley st.; lot lOOx
110. . . • ¦ ¦ . ¦ .
One lot. £0x121. on Palmer St., near Fairmont.
One lot, 100x100, on Laidley Et., near Mateo
street.
Bale Tuesday. April 30, at 10:30 a. m.. on the
property.
The above property must be sold regardless
of cost or value. This is a grand chance to
buy good property at your own price.
Send for descriptive catalogue.
J. A. MUNRO & CO., Auctioneers.
Offlce 240 Stockton st., 8. F.; tel. James 154L
BARGAIN — Fine Income property in Mission;
stores and flats; price $85C0: only $3000 cash;
rents pay balance on Installment. RODGER
MAGEE, 207 Montgomery st.
$2100— FULTON st.; sunny side; between Lyon
and Central; 25x137:6; fine location for hom.-
or flats; must be sold. Call at 1011% Mc-
AUlster St.; apply forenoons.
LOT In Mission— Corner, 25x90; excellent lo-
cality; residence district; suitable for gro-
cery or other business; no opposition. 791
Stevenson st.
AT a bargain — That elegantly decorated new
modern 10- room residence, 775 Cole St.; open
dally. .,- ; ,
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern resilience.
8 rooms and bath. -In a desirable location
near -park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable:
plans furnished. Salsbury. builder. 1333 Market.
FOR. the best located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
REAL KSTATE — COU.VTRY — For Sal«
$1200— 160 ACRES. Monterey Co.: 50 acres in
peaches, cherries, apricots and grain; good
house; mower, rake and farming utensils; a
snap; must be sold. Apply A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st.
RANCHES of all kinds at reasonable prices.
Write or call.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, _
917 Market st., San Francisco.
BUT In Napa County; no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; -write us for free
copy "NajMi County Vltlculturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent, 719
Market St.. by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale all over this State.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main.- Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co: real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE — In Ross Valley. .7 minutes' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having. 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200;
well cultivated. For particulars Inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR, 404 Sansome st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE!.
SEND stamp for catalogue; property In all
parts of the U. S. to exchange.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St.. S. F.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA31EDA REAL' ESTATE.
gALL and get our prices. We have anything
you • want in homes, old or ¦ new. J. H.
YOUNG, builder. 1248 Park st.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRnTVALE REAL ESTATE. .
TWO choice well-located lots in Denver, Colo.,
cost owner $900 in 18S9. to exchange for lots
or small "cottage in San Francisco or Oak-
land; will pay cash difference. PRATT, P-
O. box 6. Frultvale. Cal. - *
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLASD REAL ESTATE.
J2250 EACH — Two new 5 rooms and bath cot-
tages en West St.. nr. 28th; can be purchased
on easy payments; lots 28x140 each; must be
seen to be appreciated. Call or address A. J.
SNYDER, 467 9th St., Oakland, Cal.
FINE Oakland Income property; rents $840: a
snap for quick buyers. Box 2218. Call. Oakl'd.
OAKLAKD FLATS TO LET.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms, bath, storeroom; mod-
ern; 2 blocks from Clinton station; . rent
reasonable. 916 Fourth ave., Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
Tl)URIS?s7~io~tfr^hTTriir^^
sunny rooms; table unexcelled; central; 9th &
Washington. Oakland. M. W. WILLIS, Prop.
OAKLA.ND FURNITURE FOR SALE).
AN introduction to you from H. Schelibaas, th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. .
BARTLETT, 414—3 very pleasant newly fur-
nlshed rooms; sun all day. • -
BIRCH ave., 617% — 3 housekeeping rooms.
GEART, 729, rear — 3 : clean "unfurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms;, yard. . ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite. 3 rooms, nicely furnished ; gas. .bath.
GOLDEN GATE, 640— Sunny corner suite,
with kitchen; also other rooms. '
HAIGHT. 222^-2 nicely appointed ¦ housekeeping
rooms for couple; telephone; references.
MISSION, 1125%— Large front room for house-
keeplng, ' $2. * ¦ •
N ATOM A. 701 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;-
man and wife; rent reasonable.
OAK, 111—3 rooms to let, single or for house-
keeping; complete: first floor; gas range.
PAGE. 9 — Sunny front bay-window suite furn.
complete hpkg.; gas range; water; $12 to $14.
SIXTH, 242—2 or more rooms, suitable for
housekeeping; other rooms without;' reason-
able^ . -^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st. |
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large- rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to II per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. *
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— F"ur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, 34— Large sunny front room, furnished;
also small room; private family.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, -22 Kearny'6t. —
Tel. Red 2234; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 537— Furnished room for gentleman,
- $12 per month. * -
ELLIS. 725—. Bunny back room; quiet -German
family; $5 per month; gentlemen only.
GEARY, 1137— Newly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; bath and phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. 1114, near Seventh— Handsomely
furnished rooms; new house.
JESSIE. 863. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms. $4 and $5. ¦ \ ' . . " , . : •
MINNA." 687, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window ; room ; $1 per : week ; transient. .
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20^-SUnny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK 717." near Eddy — Furnished sunny front
room with bath; 16. .^_ y
POST, 627— Large sunny front room, reasonable;
small sunny, closet, $1 25 week; private farn-
lly. -.--¦-¦••*¦¦-..• -.---*> ;v
ROSKDALE House, 315-221 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to |1;- week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
E reading-room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; wefk, $2 to
$8: month. - f8 to 130; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. • J
i J7Ilemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fun-
eral hereafter.
SAINSOT-In this city, April 21. 1901. Vieto-
•rina, beloved daughter of Rudolph and Vic-
torlna Sainsot, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 17 days.
SEGELCKE— In this city, April 21, 1901, Lena,
beloved daughter of Henry F. and Lena Se-
gelcke, and sister of Henry F. Segelcke, a
native of San Francisco, aged 12 days.
STEINHAGEN— In this city. April 20, 1901, P.
Steinhagen, . a native of Germany, aged 52
years. .
WOODWORTH— In the City and County Hos-
pital, April 21, 1901, John Woodworth, a na-
: tlve of England, aged 62 years. ...
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the funeral parlors of Charles H. Jacob &
Co.. 318 Mason street, between O'Farrell and
Geary. . \
REED— In this city, April 19,. 1901. Margaret,
wife of Felix Reed, and daughter of the late
James and Mary. Walsh, and sister of Frank
and Harry "Walsh, a native of Massachusetts.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, -213 Fulton street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass v will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
menclnff at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. •- :; :¦'.-'¦
NEUGASS— In' this city. April 81, 1901. Lina
Neujrass, beloved mother of M. S. Neufrasa
and Mrs. J. Greenb*rff, a native of Russia,
aged 71 years and 9 days.
PALTENGHI— In this city. April 21. 1901, An-
drew Paltenghl, beloved husband of the late
Fannie Paltenehi. and father of Mrs." A. C.
Julllerat, Mrs. J. E. Carter, Mrs. A. E.
Ulrich and Louis Paltenghi, a native of Lu-
gano, Canton Ticino," Switzerland, aged 77
years and 2 months.
• <!«nr#, "ISA Union *tr*et. between Pow»ll and
.Mjwn. tlicmn to shtoi* luill.limr. 33 O'Knr-
rell utreet, where Mrvlees will b« hild, com-
mencing nt l:S0 o'clock. Interm«nt Mount
olivet Cemetery..
MOLLOY— In this city, April SI. 1901. Cather-
ine, beloved Bister of P&trlrk, WlUlatn, Sister
' Veronica and. Monica Molloy tnd Mm. E.
Xniin.m and Mrs. M. Redlnston. a imttve of
County Onlway, Ireland, aecd 71 years.
ADCTION SALES
PUBLIC AUCTION OP DRT GOODS WITH-
OUT RESERVE. DRY OOOD8 AND
GENTS* FUKNISH1NO GOODS to b« Hftld at
lTS:\i MARKET, between VAN NESS and
POLK, commencing MONDAY, April 22, nt
3:30 and 7:30 r. M. JOHN ELDER CO..
Auctioneers.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
lust a tittle better \
f than any other tram g
—a litlle better sanMce— R
a more hometila |
feeling on the M
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
than you find elsewhere.' U
and it runs like this £|
LEAVES SAM FRANCISCO . §
9 am Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun ||
ARRIVES CHICAGO |
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
n OH THE t
<g^lv^jj|/^tS_^^^^_^Qi{_^___^___uP J*^
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tritim ifmQ jtu*A aii't. «]¦*«• to i»fi*lw« i%4
(Main Liue. Fooc of Market Street.)
1 LSaVX — From APRIL 14, 1301. — .KBIT1
?:3V-Benlda, Suisou. Elmira. VaeaTille.
Kumaey ami ctacriuunu to 7:33*
1 :3Oa Davis, ,\V ooliaud. Knights Landing.
Marrsiilfe, OroTille 7;3-1r
7:30.1 Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogdeii and East 12:23?
8:00a Martinez. Sau Uaiiian, Vallejo. Napa,
C'alistrga ami Santa Ttoaa fl:2Sy
8:OOa LiTenuore, Stockton. IliU'ord. VUa-
lla, Fortertllle 4:23*
S:t><»A KUes. i_throp. Merced. Ftoauo, Ba-
ktraarld» 4:S3y
8:30 a Shasta Express— DaTia, Williams ((or
Bartlett Sprloga). Willows, Red
EluS. Portiaiid. 7:S3»
»::t«A San Jose. . LiTennore. Stockton.
¦"-•-¦ loue, Sacr^muuto. FlkCeXTille.
JlnrjaiilK Chico, KeiUSluiT -tiZSp
8:30a Oakdale, Chines© (Yoaemite). So-
nora. Carters 4:25f
P:OO * Haywarda. M Hen aud Way Stations. 1 1 :53*
9:OO* Los Angeles ISxpreas — £lariluez.
Tracy. Lathrop. .Stocktou. Merced
l'reano mivl Los Angeles .......... 7:33a
0:30a Vallr]<i. Martinez anU Way SUtions a.aZr
1 0:(il»A The OTerland Umiteil-Ogilan, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicagn «iS5r
fl:OOr 8acraiu«ntu lti>e> HieniHtMm V"SiOO*
SiSOp Haywsrda. Nilrs ami Way Stations. 7:3.5 p
3:2«r Port Coata, Martinez Latbrop, Mer-
ced; BtrecfU(YosBBii.e), Fresuo.. 7:25»
4iOO> Benlcia. Winters, Sacrameuto,
Woodland. KnU-hts Lauding.*
&1»ry8Tlll«. Orofllle IU:33a
i 4: no r Martinez. Han lUiiioo. Vallejo.
NiH>a. <:alhtuK». finut* Uowt .. MtSSA
4:OOp Niles. LiTennoro, Stockton. Lodl... 10:53.
4s:»»pH«yw*id8.MI«Mi Han Ji«ie,LiT*nDora i8:35A
S:OOr The Owl limited-Tracy. Stccktou.
Frasno, lUkeraHelil, Saiiguu (or
bauta Barbara, Los Aniceles S.-S3a
S:o<tp Haywards. JSJlea aud S»n Jose... ... 7>3.>a
t«lOOp Vuilejc, I 1:33*
«:O« i- Oriental Mall— Ogden, Chejt>nne, *
Omaha, Chicago 12:219
O:OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden. Deafer,
Omaha. Chicago. -ti33»
7:OOr Oregon aud Oalifornla Kxprena. Hao-
rnineuln. Marysvlllv, Jtoililiiif,
rortUiul, Pnget Hound and llaat 8:53a
8i»3p8*n Pablo, Fork Costa, Martinet
and VV.y Htatious 11:33*
t8:O3p VaUffjo 7i3Ay
COAST LINE (Narrow Uaa K e).
2_ (Foot ot Market Street.)
f!t *!>a Sanu Cms Kxenrsioa to eUot* Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JSiOSs
SiISa Nenark.Cent<»Tllle.BauJo«8,Falton. -
-'¦" . v BonlderCreek.SautaCruzandWay
i ¦ • Ntuciona 5:3!H
tSilSv Newark, CenterTlUe. 8an Jota, New
Almnlen, Feltou, lionlder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations t«»>3»*
4:13r Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos -[ jioliot
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS rttlROISCO— r««t or lirk*t Slri.l (Sli? 3)—
t7:15 9:00 ll:00i.u. 1:03 3:53 8:13 r.*.
fromOilUBB— F«l «r Brmiw.T.— 1«:00 t&OO t3^J3
10:00*. M. 12:00 2:00 i:CQr.M.
COAST LINE (Broad (iange).
(Third und Townaend Sta.)
6:IOa South Han FrancUcn. Palo Alto HsHOp
t7iU»A San Jose and WaySUtious I>S»F
/7i««a New Almaden / li3OT
{7:13a Sunday Ex en ml on for Ban Jen.
ftanta Cruz. PaciUc Gro7O and
¦ Principal Waj Stations ;S:30»
8:0 Oa Coast Liue Limited, San Jose, Gflroy.
8ali!ias, Paso Koblea, San Luis
Obupo, Lompoc, Santa Earb*ra,
Los Angeles lOtlSy
O>«OA San Jose. T>«s ltnim. .Santa Vwmt.
Pnciftc tlton. tattnaa. Baa Lsis
Obispo and Princiyai intermed—vte
Stiiniuiis. 4j1O»
10:30a San Jcie and Way Stations.. 7:3o*
11:30a San .losa ami Way Stations S:30v
19-.S 5p San\Mateo. KedwcoK Menlo Park.
v - Palo Alto. Santa Clara. .San. Ii«e.
Tres Pinos. Santa Crux, Salinas,
Monterey and l'acitic Gtoto tI*:43A
f»:3»r San .loss aud Way Stations 6:3<*A
f4il3p San Jose ami Principal Way Station* U: 12*
g4:-lSe Sunset Limited— El Paso, Ke- Or-
leacsand East e l«sl»i
t3:OOpSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way SUtions t»s«5a
5:30r* Sail Joto and Principal Way Stations *:3fi_
«:.tOrSau Jose and Way Stations tS:OO_
7:OOp New Orleans Eiprexa, San Jose.
Sant% Barbara. Los Angeles, D.m-
iog. El Paso, New Orle*n» and Eist 7:00_
' 7:OOp Del Monte. Monterey, Pacific Grove,
Lortpoc IO»43p
«H:-l5pSan Jose and Way SUtions 7:3O~
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
fSnnday azeepted. J Sunday only.
f Wednesdays. / Tuesdays and Friday*.
« Sandan. a Saturday only.
CALIFORHIA H0RTH1ESTEM BY. CO.
l"£ri*S_<£ LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHO NORTH PACIFIC
: RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburbn Ferry_Foot of Market St«
San Franclico to San Rafael.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a, m.; 12:35. 3:30.
5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays—Extra trips at 1:50 and
, 11:30 p. m.
SUXT>ATS — 8:00, 9:S0, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p.m.
! Sax Rafael to Sam Franelse*.
"WEEK DAYS— 6J0. 7:30. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:aa
and «:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:10, »:10.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Pars,
same schedule as above.
~" Leave T~In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 15, 1301-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J I Sun- I Week
Day3. f daya. | Destination. | daya. [ Dayg.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm|10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am - Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburg,
L,y tton.
GeyservUle.
2:30 pm 8:00 anl| Cloverdale. 7:5 pm f :22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland j 110:25 am
8:30 pmj 8:00 ami and Uklah. [ 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
7:30 ami T~ 10:25 am
;¦ [8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm{ ' 6:23 pra
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
' - "- ¦ I and ¦
5:10 pm 5:00 pm $?Ien Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am'10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5|00 pmj Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stasis connect at • Santa Rosa for Mark
"West Sprinss and "White Sulphur SDrtnes; at
Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for
Skas£3 Springs; at Cloverdale for the Gey-
sers; at Hopland for Duncan Sprinss, High-
land Sorinzs; Kelseyvllle, • Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Uklah for ."Vichy Springrs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley, John Day's.
Pwiverslde, Lierley's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullvllle.Orr's Hot. Springs. Mendoclno
City. Fort Bra«jr. "Westrxirt. TJsal. Willetta.
Laytonvllle, Cummings, Bell's Springs. Harrla,
Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. " .
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates..
- Ticket offlce. 650 Market st— Chronicle build-
tos. K. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITIKG, Gen. Pass. Ast.
- GerleraJ Manager. : __^
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
" Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Daily. Daily. Daily.
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
'• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
- ." Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" , Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
-•• Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
"Chicago..... 2:15 p 9:6« p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. ni. train is the California Limited.
-Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. • No second-class
tickets are honored on .this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
¦ 8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with~
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
7-20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦ " -¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
I FROM-SAN FRANCISCO^mi^ VALLET
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
ttsLfael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
davs at 9:00 and U:S5 p. m. -
- SUNDAYS-*8:00. '10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:13,
S-15 **:45, 6:30. 9:00 p. m. .svi ...
"Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:20. *6:30., 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30 1:45, *3:30. 4:30. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdaya
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:20. 'SW 10:00, H:43 a. m..
: n-40 *2:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
! Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
' PROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45, 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12-S5 2:10. 3:30, 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
_nd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p.' m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 1:15, 8:30,
5;00, 6:45 p. m.
- ' THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
1:45 • p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. . -¦ ¦ , ¦ . - :
8 ' &.* m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions." -, ¦ ¦ ••.".' '-.•.'.;• ' •. " ~:
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
IV. S»N FRAN. M.MHma.
¦ !;<!££}—- *™c (££?:£
4:00 p. M.) Stay over nigh tat the taverst (.10:33 a.m.
«:0Oa.M.1 f. lr0OF.lt
10:00a. M. f 4 SUNDAYS )' 9Mt.it.
11 :30a.M. f SUNDAYS . 1.4:25 p.*.
1:15p.jt.J * - I" 6:35 P. H.
- Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return. $1. to.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., &, Sausalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB>T ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor enres-when
others fail. > Try him. Charges low.
€•«« snarantrfd. Call or write.
; Dr. J. F. OIBBOS, Sau Francisco, Cal. _
ROOMS TO LIST— .ir- m. nnrt Unt-.rn.
SHERMAN Apartmont Uoxue, » Klshth it.,
•_ near Market— Furnished or unturnlincd.
FII.VKH. 1!TI», near Third and Harrison— Sun-
ny furniBiifd rooms In private family; reas-
onable; bath. - - - .-¦•¦'
TUB Rlvere House, U8H Ellli et., having
changed hands. Is being thoroughly renovated
and will be conducted as one of the most re-
spectable rooming houvea In San 'Francisco:
rooms, $3 to $4 ppr week; transient, BOcto $1
per day. M. A. O'HANRAHAN, Proprietress.
THB Oxford, 271 O'Farrell— Suites and single
rooms from $3 up. «
THIRD, 345H — Sunny furnished rooms, en suite
or single; ?1 a week up; also housekeeping
rooms.
VAN NESS. 930
,. Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south. rooms; references. , .
WEBSTER. 519—3 nice sunny rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, to let <
A BRANCH offlce for CaU advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . : .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms; special
table: wine dinners. 807 California st. - . .. •
BUSH, 1105—2 nicely furnished single sunny
rooms; good table; billiards; moderate."
CALIFORNIA, 2228— Sunny rooms, with board:
private family. j .
HAYES. 671 — Nice front room -with board for
gentlemen or young lady; private family;
rent reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 1409 — Large sunny room,
overlooking harbor: handsome grounds; excel-
lent board; references. -
ROOMS WAXTED.
WANTED— 2 or 3 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms for 2 adults in Western Addition. Box
3S76. CaU office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A PHYSICIAN making a specialty of dia-
betes desires a few more patients. Address
box 3S05, CaU offlce. - ¦ .
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL, 997 Market St.— La-
tlies durine confinement w. 10 rtnvs' fare. *20.
SsEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, soM. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office, Post and Powoli sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore it.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon st.; tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFTJSS.
TO LEASE.
LOVELY HOME.
. To lease for - a - long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality in
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from
depot; consisting of about 25 acres of best
wine grapes and baiance fruit; apples,
cherries, plums, etc.; lovely cottage, fur-
nished, also horses, ¦ carriage, phaeton. . etc. ;
also fine winery and oooperage for 30,000 gal-
! • Ions. . Box 3841. Call offlce.
TYPEWRITERS AN J l^Ji[5££J^ E j^
GREAT BARGA^n1T~IN~TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 286.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALi~FOFr~DR A TAOE- General -Depot
of "the Quartermaster's Department, San
•Francisco, Cal., April 22, ' 1901— Sealed propo-
sals for. the hauling of military stores and
' supplies in and about the city of San Fran-
cisco, Cal"., for the fiscal year commencing
July 1, 1901, will be received at this offlce
until 11 o'clock a. m., on Thursday, . the 23d
day of May, 1901, and then opened. The
Government reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary- information
will be furnished on, application to this of-
fice. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals for Drayage'' and
addressed to OSCAR F. LONG, Major and
Quartermaster, U., S. Army. Depot Quar-
termaster.;, ' '.- 'i ,,\ ' ', : .."[ T\ ,. ;
U. S. ENGINEER'S. Offlce. Flood building.
San.. Francisco, . CaU. April -22, ..MOX^Sealed
proposals for dredging entrance to Pearl.
Harbor, Island of Oahu, Islands,
will be received here . until 12. noon, June
24. 1901. Information on application. W. H.
¦ HETJER. Lieut. Col., ' Engineers, ¦
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
. glneer, Division of the ¦ Philippines, Manila,
P. I., March 1, 1901 — Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, .P. I., will
be received at ! this offlce until 11 o'clock a,
m., August 1. 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about 150,000 cubic
¦ yards riprap,- 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile Bulk-
head 4700 feet long." Dredging In mud,- sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond- of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office, Bureau of
Insular Affairs. Washington. D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain, Engineers. • . : , .
- BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage . and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in &t either of the publication of flees, and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
DIED.
Arnold, Vivian C. Krausch. Katherine
Andre. Christian Landram, Lucy A.
Beatty.- Mabel W. Lammers, Johanna T.
Brandt, Erlck A. Loughran, Clara B.
Bruker,. Francis G. Lienard, Marie
Crate:; John ; ¦ Lucey, Lezxetta yO*
D'Agostine, Man- Lynch, Michael •
' suetto McCarthy, John
Doane, Micah : David
Dolan, Mary . McKiernan, Daniel
Fagan, Maria Maschendorf, Dled-
Goldberg, Sarah rich
. Goodman, Mary E. Molloy, Catherine
> Griffin, Mrs. Ellen Neugass. Lina
' Hansen. Louis Paltenghi, Andrew
Hannan. William D. Reed. Margraret
. Hume, Joseph Salnsot, Vlctorlna '
Jones, Anne E. . Segelcke, Lena
Jones, Edward , ' Stelnhagen, P.
' Jones, Irene L. Woodworth, John
Keane/ Patrick
ANDRE— In this city, April 21, 1901, Christian
Andre, a native of Baden, Germany, aged
56 years, A member of Court Inter Nos No.
18, F. of A.
(CyFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at. 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
¦ Funeral j under the ¦ auspices of Court Inter
Nos No. -IS, F. of A. Interment' Holy Cross
Cemetery. ...
ARNOLI>— In this city, April 21, 1901, Vivian
Cyrus Arnold, only child of C. M. and Annie
. Arnold, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 5 months and 20 days. -
CyFrlends are ! respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow {Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence: of his
\ parents, 1011 Haiffht street. Interment pri- .
% - ate.
BEATTY— In this city,* April 20, 1901, Mabel
WalcGtt," beloved wife of William A. Beatty,
• and mother of Willard Walcott Beatty.
BRANDT— In this city, April 21, 1901, Erick
A. Brandt, a native of Sweden, aged 70 years
9 months and 15 -days. -.
C7The Tuneral will take place ¦ to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1622 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn, requiem mass will'
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing, at 10 o'clock. Interment -private.
Please omit flowers. ,- ; - . .-•"¦'
BRUKER— In. this city, April 20. 1901, Francis
G. Bruker. • beloved husband of May F.
Bruker, and father of Frankie H. and Rob-
ert E. Bruker. a native of Crosswicks, N.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. V
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL' P. DONOVAN. MgrV
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
. . Telephone South SO. - ¦ • - • ¦
j JAMBS McGINN, I
I Formerly with McGinnn Bros..- has opened I
I new Funeral ¦ Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet. I
I Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. ¦ , §
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st Tel. South' 167.
IUHEBAL ; DIRECTORS AND . EMBAI.MEJU.
' Finest ~ Equipment at Moderate Rates.
McAVoT&"CO;. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
1239 Market St.,, between 8th and 9th. 1
•Telephone South 247. • :.- ~ I
IE™ Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
C7"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1219 Scott- street, near Ellis, thence
to r>ruids' Hall. 413 Sutter street, where
services, will be held, commencing at 2:30
o'clock. <,]•«
LAMMERS-In thi" city, April 20, 1901, Jo-
hanna T. - Lammers (nee Tobbenboske) and
infant son. dearly beloved wife and son of
George H. Lammers, and sister of Mrs. Wil-
liam F. Ohm, a native of Ban Francisco,
aged 30 years and 16 days.
Ey Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1619 Fulton street, between Lyon
street and Central avenue. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. . , . • . .
LANDRAM— In this city, April 20, 1901, Lucy
A., beloved wife of R. M. Landram, mother
of J. A., J. R. and W. R." Landram and
Mrs. R. A. Sears, and sister of Terry Gib-
son of Auburn, Cal., a native of Missouri,
. aged 66 years 11 months and 10 days.
!E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday),, at 9:45 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street,
thence to the First Baptist • ChArch, Eddy
street, between Jones and- Leavenworth,
where services will be held. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
LIENARD— In this city, April 21, 1901, Marie
Lienard, a native of France, aged 53 years.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
LOUGHRAN— In'this city, April 21, 1901, Clara
¦ Belle Arthur-Loughran, beloved daughter of
Charles ' H. and the late Su de Arthur, and
' sister of Harry, Beulah and the late Jettie
¦ Arthur, a native of Clay County, Mo., aged
23 years 7 months and 13 days. . . • . .
LUCEY— In this city, Lezzetta, beloved wife of
Jeremiah Lucey, and daughter of Lezzetta
Gerding, ~ and sister of Mrs. H. Partman,
Mrs. B. Salmon, Mrs. W. Desmond and' H.
Gerding, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
• 34 years -9 months and 26 days. ¦-. ...
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
.- fully invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
' (Tuesday), morning, from the late residence,
318 Morris-' avenue, thence -to St. Rose's
Church. Interment Holy Cross | Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this clty, ; April 18, 1901, Michael,
beloved son of . John and .the late Mary
Lynch, and brother of the late Hannah,
Ellen and Mary Lynch, a native of , San
¦ Francisco, aged 24 years and 11 , months.
Bt?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 525 Seventh street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where ¦ a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In Hanford, April 18. 1901, John
McCarthy, beloved brother of Thomas and
Patrick McCarthy, and cousin of Mrs. John
Coots, Mrs. T. Lynch, Mrs. Nora Murphy and
, Lizzie, Patrick and James McCarthy, a na-
tive of County Kerry,. Ireland, aged 51 years.
inTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral tHls day
- (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from ¦ the parlors
of James McManus, Seventh and Castro
streets, Oakland, . thence ¦ to St. Francis de
-Sales Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the . repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 -o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. . ,
McCURDY— In' this city," April 20, 1901, David
McCurdy, beloved father of Mabel and James
I McCurdy, and brother I of Samuel McCurdy,
a native of County Antrim, Ireland, . aged 43
years. A member -of Anniversary Lodge No.
85/I..Q. O. F. " , . . • - .. ;, m
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage. • .- ;;.
McKIERNAN— In this city/April 21, 1901, Dan-
iel beloved husband or Mary A. McKiernan,
- and brother-in-law- of ,William . Kiley of this
¦ city and the late Thomas Kiley of Oakland,
a native of Bally Castle, County Antrim, Ire-
land, aged "53 years 6 months and 19 days.
A member of Eureka Lodge No. 9, K. of P.,
and Friendship Lodge No. 179, A. .O. O. W.
(Philadelphia -and Gloucester, . Mass., papers
please ¦ copy.) s •' - -• . '• . . .
. -£7 Friends and acauaintances ; are > respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his , late resi-
dence, 204 ; East street; between Howard and
Folsom. Interment Odd ¦ Fellows' Cemetery.
MASCHENDORF— In ; this , city, April 20, 1901,
Diedrich, beloved husband of Sophie Masch-
endorf. and father •¦of ¦¦ Lillie - and Sophie
Maschendorf, and- brother- of Mrs. J. - Ap-
¦maan. Mrs. D.,Rengstorf and Henry. Masch-
endorf , a native of Schwarme, Hanover. Ger-
' many, aged 29 years and 7 months. A mem-
i berof Norddeutscher Verein -.: and - Hanno-
veraner Verein. -;i .*•- . " « • .... ,. : -
J. C. SCOTT, Recorder. :
KRAUSCH— In this city, April 20, 1901, Kath-
erine," belove<l wife of John Henry Krausch,
and mother of Lizzie Krausch, and sister of
Mrs. Sauter and Henry L. Diehl, a native
of Hessen, Germany, aged 57 years 9 months
and 27 days. A member of German Ladies'
Benevolent Society of the Red Cross, San
Francisco Frauen Verein, Alcatraz Circle No.
1. Friends of the Golden State, and Eintracht
. Frauen Verein. '
• - $~? Friends and acauaintances arerespect-
I fully invited to attend- the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
- dence, 247 Twenty-eighth street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
. I streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
• will be celebrated- for the repose jof his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Noe Valley Lodge
No. 185, A. O. U. W. : You are hereby noti-
'', fled to attend the funeral of our late brother,
1 Patrick Keane, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 247 Twenty-
eighth street. -. By-order, of.-. -» ' —> .- • . .
T. AHERN, M. W.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Monday), - at 8:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 537 Howard' street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment' Holy Cros*
Cemetery.' , • ¦ ; ¦' . . ."
HUME— Entered Into rest, ' in Berkeley, April
20, 1901, Joseph Hume, husband of Bessie
Hume, a native of Augusta, Me., aged -57
§ years and 2 days.
(Of Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at his late residence, 2001 Dwight way, Berke-
I ley, to-morrow (TuesTTay), at 2 o'clock. -
JONES— In this city, April 20. 1901, Anne Eliza
Jones, wife of the late Edward Jones, a na-
tive of New Orleans, La., 'ag-ed 60 years and
6 months. ¦ ; ¦ ¦' < . _
JONES— In this city, April -20, 1901,- Edward
Jones, beloved, husband of Anne Eliza Jones,
- and father of Edward M. and Francis H.
Jones, a native of New Orleans. La., aged
81 years and 19 days.
JONES— In this city, April 21, -1901.- Irene L.,
beloved daughter of Nellie and the late Eu-
gene Jones, and sister of Nellie, Edna, Les-
' ter and Lizzie Jones, a native of Virginia
"City, Nev., aged 15 years 3 months and 15
1 days.
KEANE— In this city, April 21, 1301, Patrick,
beloved husband of Ellen Keane, and father
of John, William, Charley, Eddie, Freddie,
Eugene • and Josephine Keane, a native Of
Stradbally, County Waterf ord, , Ireland, aged
50 years. ¦ • - - ....
. (C~ The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 27 Ringold street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a recuiem high mass will be celebrated for
¦ the reDose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOLDBERG — In New York.' April " 18, 1901,
Sarah, beloved wife of Theodore Goldberg,
and mother of Jennie, Gladys, Harold and
Rose Goldberg, and daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. Cohen of San Francisco, " and sis-
ter of Mrs. A. Cohen of New York. Mrs. H.
Wolf of San ¦ Francisco and Alex and Meyer
Cohen, a native of . San Francisco, ag-ed 33
years. ¦ -
GOODMAN— In Oakland, at 522 Bast Eleventh
street. April 21, 1901, Mary Ella, wife of C.
S. Goodman, a native of Pennsylvania, ag<ed
46 years 10 months and 16 days.-
GRIFFIN— An . anniversary ' solemn ! requiem
mass will be celebrated at St. James Church,
: corner of Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
' to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, for Mrs.
i Ellen Griffin of Tomales. - Friends cf. the
"family are invited to attend.
HANSEN— In the City a^id .County Hospital,
| April 20, 1901, Louis Hansen, ft native of New
¦ York, aged 36 years. .
HANNAN— In this city, April 20,-1901, William
. D., dearly beloved son of Michael and the
' late Bridget Hannan, and beloved brother of
James, Lillian, Kate, and the late
; George and Mamie Hannan, a native of San
Francisco.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i (Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her. late resi-
' dence, 17 California avenue, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
, will be celebrated . for the. repose of her soul,
commencing: at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
i Cross Cemetery.
FAGAN— In this city, ; April 19, 1901, Maria,
beloved sister of Rose Fagan- and the late
Patrick Fagan, a native of County Longford,
Ireland, agred' 58 years. -. •
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
¦under the auspices of Mount. Morlah Lodge
No. 44, F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. * . ~ .
DOLAN— In this City, April 19, 1901, Mary, be-
loved wife of John Dolan, and loving mother
' of Anna A., John J., Nellie B. and James M.
Dola-n and Mrs. R. P. Merillion, a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 62 years 3
' months and 4 days. "•-¦ ,. 1
J., aged 36 years and 7 months. (N«w Jersey
r>«P<>r» rlenca copy.)
KXFrlend* are mnectfully Invited' to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday V «t 1
o'clock, from tha residence of M. T. Walker,
1)3' Scott-; street. Interment ¦ Mount Olivet
Cemeterj". "':'•*• »'¦*
CRAIO— In this city, April SO, 1901. John, be-
loved «on of the late Mr, and Mm. Warren
Craig-, and brother ot ¦ Lucia M. Crate, and
nephew of Anne O. Craig, a native. of Call-
- forn In. Bffed 34 years. > >
R7-The -funeral will take, place to-morrow.
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Episcopal Church, Fulton street, near Flll-
more. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ,
D'AGOSTINE— in this city, April 21. 1901,
Maneuetto d'Aeoetlne, dearly beloved hus-
band of Gussle d'Agrostlne and father of Fred*
and Louie d'Agostine and Mrs. A. Betti, a
native of Switzerland.
DOANE— In ' this city, April 19, 1901, Micah,
beloved husband of Elizabeth C. Doane, a
.. native of Massachusetts, ag-ed 66 years.SOME CELEBRITIES AMONG THE OFFICERS AND DELEGATES OF THE NATIVE SONS FROM NORTHERN
AND CENTRAL CALIFORNIA DEPARTING FOR THE GRAND PARLOR AT SANTA BARBARA, JOYOUS IN
ANTICIPATION OF THE TRADITIONAL HOSPITALITY OF THAT CITY.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Kichards & Co., 406 Clay.*
ELDERLY WOMAN IN JURED.-Mary Wil
son, aged 60 years, was knocked down yester
day forenoon at Eighth and Howard streets by
a trolley car of the Howard-street line and re
ceived an abrased wound on the right side of
the head. . She was treated at the Central
Emergency Hospital by Eh-. Murphy. ;
Frank Hess Arrives In i This City
From Ohio in Search of His
. Cousin. . - .
Frank Hess. a\ young man agred ,19
years, lately from -Ohio, is anxious to
find his cousin. Frank B. Johnson, who
is. supposed to be somewhere. in this city.
Johnson, who is a bricklayer by trade,
is one of the heirs- to a fortune- left by
Hess' mother, who died on the 19th inst.,
leaving an estate valued at $40,000 to her
son and nephew. • v .
v Young Hess is- anxious to find his
cousin, so .they, may return to Ohio-arid
take possession of ' the property.
BRICKLAYER JOHNSON.
HEIR TO A FORTUNE
The volunteers in camp throughout the
Presidio and the regular troops garrison
ing the post were greatly pleased at. the
reopening of the Red Cross tent yester
day, and s.howed their appreciation of the
efforts of the ladies in their behalf by
crowding the canvas structure.
Magazines, newspapers and story books
of all kinds were eagerly grasped by the
soldiers. Most of the men prefer a quiet
spot and a periodical to read to spending
their time roaming aimlessly about the
camp. The supply of reading matter in
the hands of the ladies having the tent in'
charge is ample. Their intention is to se
cure a piano and a collection of all sorts
of games to furnish amusement for the
soldiers. Maps and atlases are greatly in
demand, ; and dictionaries are greatly
needed. ,¦ ¦ ' \ . >
The tent will be supplied with comport
able chairs, desks and tables, will be
lighted by electricity, and be open from
10 a. m. to 10 p.m. . Chaplain Miller of the
Presidio has i secured it for one night a
week and will endeavor to provide enter
tainment for the men.
There are at present 9000 soldiers at the
Presidio, .and the . reservation, presents a
lively aspect. Hundreds of visitors spend
hours there daily, and the scene is not un
like the appearance of the reservation at
the outbreak of the war. Six regiments
of volunteers are quartered in the camps
and the men appear happy and contented.
They will remain for at least three weeks,
as> the force employed in preparing the
finals > will require that time to prepare
them for the mustering out process.
RED CROSS PROVIDES
QUARTERS FOR SOLDIERS
Immense Tent Containing Comfort
able Chairs and Plenty of Read-
ing 1 Matter Available.
chant, who had a desk in the store of H.
Heckmann & Co., 400 Davis street, was
found dead in the office yesterday morn
ins by J. F. Rhein, an employe at the
store, who had gone there to feed the
poultry. The gas was escaping- from four
burners, showing that Steinhagen had de
liberately committed suicide. An empty
whisky flask was lying at his feet. He
was last seen alive Saturday night in a
saloon at 419 Davis street, where he
bought the flask of whisky. He was then
under the influence of liquor. The body
was taken to the Morgue.
Steinhagen was a bachelor. 52 vears of
age. and a native of Germany. He was
at one time a prosperous commission mer
chant, but in recent years had done a
Email business and had become de
spondent.
TUENS ON THE GAS
FBO3ff FOTTB BUHNERS
Paul Steinhagen, Commission Mer
chant, Found Dead in His Office
on Davis Street.
Paul Steinhagen, a commission mer-
The city is in complete readiness to re
ceive the Grand Parlor delegates. Not
since the palmy days of floral festivities
has it been so profusely decorated. State
street is illuminated with hundreds of col
ored lights and flag lines make a good
showing by day.
The Grand Parlor will hold its first ses
sion to-morrow morning, and arrange
ments, have been made for a drive over
the mountain boulevard in the afternoon.
In the evening there will be a reception
at Grace M. E. Church. The delegates
appear to be a fine aggregation of repre
sentatives, and . the most interesting
Grand Parlor for many years is expected.
Some j)f the ¦ candidates for office have
been here since yesterday and there has
been some wire-pulling. It is generally
conceded that Frank Coombs will be the
next grand president/but there will be a
fight between S. A. Jones and Lunstedt
for the secretaryship.
SANTA BARBARA, April 2L— The Na
tive Sons arrived at 9:30 o'clock on the
special train this, evening. They were
somewhat travel worn, but reported a fine
trip. At Paso Robles they stopped an
hour and a half for luncheon and saw
the town. The special also stopped at
nearly every other place along the line.
There was a big 'crowd at Victoria sta
tion . to meet the delegates this evening,
and arrangements were made for lodg
ings. The city is full of tourists already,
ana it has kept the reception committee
busy to find accommodations for all.
The overland from Los Angeles with
the southern delegates aboard is several
hours late and will not reach here before
midnight. The private car of President
Hays of the Southern Pacific Is attached
to it. . ¦_ - . ¦ ,
tive Sons Arrive.
Crowds at the Station When the Na-
and affiliations within the order are not
known, and the "old push" can only
conjecture how the ballots will fall next
Wednesday.
WELCOME AT SANTA BARBARA.
Sunday at Park and Beach.
It was windy, chilly and generally un
pleasant at the park and beach yesterday
No accidents or special incidents were re
ported during the day. A large crowd
enjoyed the various features at the
Chutes. The Chutes theater bill for this
week promises to be exceptionally good
Following are the results of the aquatic
contests at Sutro's Baths:
Fifty-yard race— P. Sundberg first, H. Heinz
second.
nicer water race— P. Lundon first, }i. Lei-k
ens second.
vr Tl r b v race ~ J - Roll *ns first, T. Keller second,
M Jchi.son third. .
100- yard race— J. Ryan first, T. Rollins tec
ci.o.
™T rick T> an e d f A ncy dlving-W. Carroll first
prize. P. Sundberjr second prize
High diving for boys-P. Sundberg first, L.
Jones second. . ° '
ry Martin was on hand, jovial as usual,
though somewhat apprehensive of Santa
Barbara heat. Lewis F. Byington will
try to forget Sullivans and warrant clerks
' and grand juries. Senator Belshaw. As
semblymen Knowland and \ Radcliff and
ex-Assemblyman "Jack" Crowley made
it seem like a junketing trip. The pres
ence of Higby and Sutro would have
settled all doubt, as indubitable proof that
the festive abalone -was again to be in
vestigated. Crowley went down as al
ternative from Golden Gate Parlor No.
29, in place of Delegate J. J. Harrington.
Iiively Buzz of Politics.
However auiet the trainload of Native
Sons may have been to outward appear
ances, it was a-buzz with political ex
citement of the Native Son sort. If two
delegates shook hands across -the aisle
conversation ignored the weather and
went at once to ; "politics." "How are
your fellows standing on the fight for
grand orator?" "Whom do the country
members want for grand trustees?" "It
looks as if it were Lunstedt agraln, don't
it?" These were the sort of preliminaries
that soon had six carloads of . "natural
born" politicians humming like beehives
of a spring morning. ~ .'¦'..-
Interest mainly centers in the contest
for grand orator. Superior Judge Dooling
of San Benito County and Superior Judge
McLaughlin of Plumas County are the
candidates, and. not a delegate can be
found who will' claim a victory for either.
The two Judges are great personal
friends, and the contest has nothing in it
foreign to fraternal feeling, but a fight
of the liveliest sort is beine made of- it.
S. A. D. Jones of Pacific Parlor, late of
Pomona, is in the field for grand secre
tary, but the consensus of opinion is that
Henry Lunstedt will be re-elected hands
down.
Of course. Grand First Vice President
Frank L. Coombs, Grand Second Vice
President Lewis F.' Byington and Grand
Orator McNoble will move up the official
line in regular order. The office of grand
marshal will go to the town which gets
the 9th of September celebration. Sacra
mento will very probably be thait^town.
MEEK, subdued and shivering in
the "cold, gray dawn," 200 del
egates to the Grand Parlor of
the Native Sons left by special
train at 7:30 o'clock yesterday
morning. An unusually large number of
them were accompanied by their wives,
and many enthusiastic members of the or
der who were not delegates -were aboard
the train, so that when the special pulled
out from the Third and Townsend streets
depot its six coaches carried fully 300
people.
The early hour, the chill air and the
taste in the mouths of the delegates of
the high jinks provided for them the
night before by the Past Presidents' As
sociation precluded any particular show
of enthusiasm- Delegates from parlors
all over Northern and Central California
hurried to the depot, hunted out their
particular friends in the coaches and
quietly settled themselves for as com
fortable a ride as possible, content to let
the fireworks of enthusiasm wait until
some such thing as delegations of Native
Daughters at Pajaro bearing tribute of
luscious strawberries and mellow apples
should furnish the spark to set them.go
ing.
A large number of the celebrities of the
order were aboard the special train. Hen-
George L. Jones of Quartz Parlor, Grass
Valley; A. M Smith of Argonaut Parlor,
Oroville, and William Wagoner of Arrow
head Parlor, San Bernardino, are among
the other candidates for grand trustee.
As to results, everybody is guessing.
Sixty-five per cent of the country dele
gates are new men, never before in at
tendance at a Grand Parlor, in official ca
pacity at least, and the old-timers can
not place them, j Their likes and dislikes
From outside of San Francisco Grand
Trustees Radcllff and Knowland are can
didates for re-election. McLaughlin and
Dooling having chosen - to fight it
out for grand orator. Knowland of
Alameda and Radcliff of Watsonville
have both made excellent records
as members of the State Assem
bly, and as both are popular in
the order, their re-election is regarded as
assured. Radcliff resurrected the Big
Basin Redwood Park bill, a pet measure
of the Native Sons, after it had been done
to death in committee, and his persistent
efforts were mainly responsible for the
final success of that measure, Knowland
fathered several important educational
bills and the famous Chinese slavery bills,
and was chairman of the committee that
investigated the San Francisco police
scandals. . .
Candidates From. Interior.
Candidates for grand trustee are
legion. By tradition four of the seven
will be chosen from the country parlors
and three , from San Francisco parlors.
Percy V. Long. Will D. Shea and James
L. Gallagher of San Francisco are candi
dates for re-election. In addition. Stephen
\. Costello of Pacific Parlor. Senator J.
H. Nelson of San Francisco Parlor,
Thomas E. Curran of Dolores Parlor and
Major Boxton of National Parlor are can
didates. "
So far, Santa Cruz is the only rival of
the capital city for that honor. Vallejo
wants the next Grand Parlor, and ap
parently is slated for it, though the San
Francisco delegates may decide that the
metropolis needs the plum.
J. Emmet Hayden of Mt. Tamalpais
Parlor of San Rafael is a candidate for
grand outside sentinel.
,More successful than the greatest ex
pectations of its managers was the Vere
in Eintracht fair, which closed last night
with a grand ball at the hall on Twelfth
street, near Folsom. It is expected that
more than $2000 'will -be.- realized for the
fund for renovating the building, to
which purpose will be devoted the net
proceeds. ,--. - , ¦¦.--.
U It was a merry throng that gathered
about the booths, had ¦• fortunes told,
danced, • ate. Frankfurters and drained
copious steins, all in aid of the cause.
One of the • most interesting features
was the voting contest. A score of young
ladies were entered . in '.the lists, and at
a. late hour the counting of ¦ ballots was
commenced. 'The leaders for the prize of
beauty were Miss F. Hays and Miss E.
Kaufman. In the contest for the most
popular,, the same relative, positions
were held by Miss E. Schernstein and
Miss A. Gerichten. Each young lady's
partisans -watched the count with eager
interest, and so great was the balloting
toward the close that at a very late hour
all the votes had not been counted.
The evening's programme embraced
choruses by the German singing sections,
turning by members of the Oakland Turn
Verein, glees by the Alpenrosll, . exhibi
tions by the ladies' turn sections, : mass
choruses by vocalists from all . German
organizations, concluding with classic
pyramids by the turn section of the Ein
tracht Verein.
Finally came the dance, and the closing
hours of the fair were whirled away to
the merry strains of waltz," polka, schot
tische and quadrille.
Ends With Dancing and Close Contest
for Most Popular and Beautiful
Young Ladies. . ¦_.'..¦¦
EINTRACHtf FAIB PROVES
BIG -FINANCIAL SUCCESS
Retail Cigar Dealers Organize.
An organization of retail cigar dealers
has recently been formed in this city, by
which they seek to protect their interest
against undercutting in prices. A com
mittee was appointed, consisting of J. N.
Gregory, M. ';oblentz. H. IC. Riblet and H.
Kupey. This body will wait on all dealers
with the view of having them agree on a
fixed price at which cigars shall be sold
by retailers. This move is aimed at such
dealers as trade in Chinese-made cigars
and who can afford to undersell the hand
lers of Eastern-made goods.
More than 200 proprietors of 10-cent bar- I
ber shops met in B'nai B'rith Hall yester
day afternoon and formed the Boss Bar
bers' Protective Union. Organization was
effected by the election of L. E. Conrad.
president: M. J. Silva. secretary; Sigmund !
Stearns, treasurer, and Samuel Oppen
heimer. sergeant-at-arms.
Representatives from the Journevmen \
Barbers' Union were present, and there
was a friendly discussion, lasting several
hours, as to what prices should be
charged. The rates on hair-cutting and j
hair-singeing ic was agreed to raise to 25 I
cents. Whether sea foams should be
charged for at the rate of 10 or 15 cents
vas decided in favor rf the lower price.
Whether to charge 35 cents each day for
a shav/> or 25 cents on Sundays and "holi
days was the greatest and most difficult
question to solve. The smaller barbers
urged 15 cents straight for seven days a
week, and carried their point by a decisive
vote on division.
In order to fully discuss the matter with
the Journeymen Barbers' Union a com
mittee, consisting of Lehman, Levy. Ober
ly. Heller and Silva, was appointed to
meet its delegates to-night and report -
back to the parent body at a meeting to
be held on Tuesday night. If the rates
and other arrangements are satisfactory
they will be adopted formally on Tuesday
night.
.Andrew Lindberg, residing .at 115 Milton
street, had a lacerated wound on his heao
dressed at the City and County Hospital
yesterday, which was inflicted by his son
Conrad. Father and son had a disagree
ment over, a domestic matter while at
-dinner and the son picked up a dish and
threw it at his parent, - cutting a deep
gash in his forehead.
Assaulted by His Son.
George Lods says that he has always
been willing to work and that he has now
coming to him a week's wages, from the
Humboldt Lumber Company. He says
he has not worked steadily but that he
has earned his own living and has'paid
his family $4 a week. Latterly, he says,
he has split this up and has paid $2 to his
mother and;J2 to his father.
The son tells a different story. He says
his father has been in the habit of strik
ing his mother and that yesterday morn
ing he struck her twice. He suggested
that she go into another room, but he
says his father followed him and ordered
him from the house. He says the old man
pulled down the folding bed in which he
slept and proceeded to dismantle it and
then went for his revolver. There was a
fight and the father was wounded. The
Bon says the father was the one who
brought out the revolver.
Charles Lods, the father, has been head
carpenter of -the Spring Valley "Water
Company for thirty years. He says he
has repeatedly secured positions for his
son and that he has had him working in
various places, but he. would not keep
any of them. He says tie came home yes
terday and upbraided the young man for
his idleness and that his son went over
to. where a revolver was kept and at
tacked him with it. There was a scuffle
for the possession of the weapon and fath
er and son rolled over the floor in the
struggle. Mrs.. Lods was a witness to it
all and she seized a mallet and joined in
the flg-ht. She struck George a heavy blow
on the head, which weakened him, and as
he loosened his hold on the revolver it
was discharged. The bullet entered the
right thigh of the old man, pierced it and
struck again in .the calf of the leg. It
went nearly through again and lodged
under the skin near the ankle, where a
surgeon at the Emergency Hospital found
it and cut it out. The young, man was
arrested on a charge of assault to mur
der. ;
There has ljeen bad blood between
Charles Lods of .120 Diamond street and
his son George for some time, the father
laying it to the idleness of his boy and
the son to the disposition of the father.
The father says his son will not work
and | the son says his father drinks and
strikes his mother, and so the trouble has
been brewing: until it culminated in a
shooting affray. ' . :
In the presence of the wife and mother
yesterday a father and son fought for the
possession of a revolver and tne fight
ended only, when the weapon was dis
charged and the father was sorely wound
ed. It was fortunate that one or the other
was not killed. '
Mrs. Lods Takes Part" in i the
Fray With Heavy
; Mallet. ¦
Gharles Lods Wounded
in -Thigh •! During
Quarrel.
FAIER IS SHOT
BY HIS SON
Proprietors of Low - Priced
Shops Consider New
Schedule.
AGREE TO INCREASE
RATES FOR SHAVING
THE SAN FBANCISCO CArL^ MONDAY; 22, 1901.
Delegates From All Parts of State Arrive in the Seaside
City and Make Ready for Business arid Jollity of
the Grand Parlor— The Political Pot Bubbles Merrily
NATIVE SONS FROM NORTH INVADE
SANTA BARBARA BY SPECIAL TRAIN
10
APVEBTISF,lVrENT3. ,
- Blankets, Bedspreads.
' We will place on sale this week large im-
portations of LACE CURTAINS in the follow-
ing makes; ARABIAN, BATTENBERG, IRISH
POINT, MADRAS NET, SWISS, SAXONY,
COLONIAL NET and NOTTINGHAM,
SPECIALS.
275'palrs WHITE and ECRU LACE CURTAINS In
SAXONY ana MADRAS NET, 38 Yerg hanasome ae-
slgn§> full wiath ana length, fast eages.
Price S3.OO Pair
200 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, In loth cream
ana white, all fast lockstitch edges, ana entirely new
aeslgns.
Price $5.00 Pair
300 pairs new ARABIAN CURTAINS, hoth single
ana aouhle horaer, Z\ naras long ana extra wjath.
Price S6.5O to SI5.OO Pair
200 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, with heaYfl
frlngea enas, latest colorings In stripes, Bagaaa ana
Oriental patterns.
Price $4.00 and $4.50 Pair
2 cases fine WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
three-cniarter hea size, pure wool anahoraers assortea,
Price S3. 50 Pair
7 cases hest hranas reaag maae SHEETS ana PIL-
LOW CASES, hoth hemmea ana hemstitchea, all laun- *.
aerea ana reaag for use, at Yeru low prices.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
"Th9 Men's Furnisher. "
12C4 Market St.,
Near Golden Gate Ave.
JOHN T. GIBSON,
jffbsons
H £ oc *
An honest .man .with honest
didn't bother me very much last
week! Perhaps they've com-
menced to realize it's no , use.
My clerk is off at 6 p.-m.,and
I^m'itill selling shirts, neck-
ties and other nice things for
men to wear till S p. m.
THE
12bl Valencia Street,
T.H. CORCORAN & CO.,
Corner j Twenty- Third.
Fanciest Table Butter, per sq- -30c
Regrular size. Ko better made.
Choice Creamery Butler, per sq.. 25c
Quality sweet. ¦ jf>
Fanciest Fe!eGtedFgg:s,perdoz I7^c
. Direct from, Highland Poultry, Farm. .
Laundry Lump Starch, per box.. 20c
. Put up In neat 3-lb "cardboard boxes.
Macaroni, per box:2Oc
It Is delivered -to us daily, and Is made
from the very best flour.
Ex ! ra Soda Crackers, per box- 60c
Large boxes fresh from the bakery, ¦ nice
and crisp. ¦ ,
Family RTixed Tea, per lb...v. 35c
. Our special ' blend. Regular' 50c lb.:
Java and. Mocha Coffee, per lb . 1H
TVe buy it grreen. roast it daily, and grind
- ; it while you wait. No better sold.
Pyramid Soap Powder, o -.l5c
Used for washing, scouring, scrubbing and
cleaning/Only water Is needed.
Cocoa, Ghirardelli's l-lb can.. 20c
Quickly. . made. , Reg. 25c v."-;'? ¦ >
PHONE MISSION 8.
Special 3-Day Sale!
3 pairs of
shoes for
Successor to Richard Pahl.
324 Kearny St., near Bush.
This is the biggest mon<ey-
sayisg opportunity in shoes that
yo>i have seen in many a day.
J.&L. LESSER
As these shoes are eoing verv
fast you will have to call early
to get the cream of the barjrains.
If you can't get j-our size in
these Douglas shoes we will give
you a pair of much finer shoes at
the szme price — some of Pahl's
own make, worth $6x0 and $8.00.
Men's high cut lawn tennis
shoes, made of fine canvas, with
rubber heels, worth $1.00 a pair.
now reduced to
62.00.
A few sizes left in men's Doug-
las shoes, worth $3.00, $4.00 aud
S5.00, are going at
SI.65.
Sure to find your size in these
shoes.
Ladies' good, stylish, up-to-
date shoes, formerly $3.50, will be
sold for
That's a specimen bargain that
is being offered by J. & L. Lesser,
who are selling out the Richard
Pahl ; stock. The above are
ladies' shoes, made of eood
French kid, small sizes in ties, anl
button and lace shoes. Pahl's
own make shoes are more com-
fo table than stylish: they were
formerly $3.50 a pair, now you
get three pairs for ?1.OO.
4) m
J am s— J e 1 1 i e s
Pure fruit and sugar
reg'ly 20c can— 2 lbs * 5
C as til e Soap
ContI brand— reg'ly 6oc bar— - _
our importation from Italy 5
S c h n i ttbo h.n e n
German cut string beans— ' i *
reg'ly 15c md 25c can 1 2^ CC 2OC
C la re t\ '
Zinfandel— reg'ly 50c gallon— .. -„
pure table wine . - 4-OC
V* e r mo u t h
French— regularly 60c quart rr\r
bottie Jj u^
P o r- 1 e r-ale
Bass' ale— Guinness' porter— white <£ «
label— reg'ly $2 and $2.25 doz P z
Malt Whisky
Wm Penn— reg'ly $1 bottle) - ~~
Duffy— reg'ly 85c bottle S 7 J> C
Scotch Whisky
j
Highland Club— reg'ly $1
Caledonian Club— <%L t 1 r\
reg'ly S1.35 P I . *- <->
Highland Nectar— <£ , T -|
reg'lySi.50 - . * >x « 1 3|
Selected creamery square 3OC
Coffee
Pasha blend — reg'ly 35c lb ? H l c
full of strength and rich flavor / 2*~
S a fdine s
Boneless — large cans — r
reg'ly 25c .
R o y a n s
With truffle and pickle— t o x e
reg'ly 15c x *tt
Catsup
G B & Co— purest quality— r
reg'ly 20c bottle— two flavors l 5
Ma eke re 1
Sweet and tender as chicken
5 lb pail— reg'ly $i ; 9°
Chocolate
Kraft's vigor— reg'ly 65c lb f C
Molasses
Old-fashion New. Orleans - -
reg'ly. 75c i illon can 5 5 C
D a t e s
Black Fard— reg'ly i2>£c lb IOC
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
B utter 7
0OLDBERG
BQWEN
m co
GOLDBERG. B0 WEN ft CO'S SPECIAL SAVINS SALS
Moyed the Mile-Stone of
Life Twenty Years
Ahead.
An Expert Opinion of
MALT BREAKFAST
FOOD.
Malt Breakfast Food, so universally ¦
recommended by the highest authorities
for Its delicious flavor, its gTeat food
value and superiority over all other cereal
foods, is specially approved of and com-
mended by E. C. Hazard, of the firm of E.
C Hazard & Co., the largest importers
and jobbers of fine groceries in the city
of Xew York. Mr. Hazard writes as fol-
lows :
•T have moved the mile-stone of life
twenty years ahead since using the Malt i
Breakfast Food which you kindly called ]
my attention to. I have shipped a cape j
home because I like it better than any !
of the four hundred and ninety-nine kinds !
that I have personally introduced within
the last thirty years. "
Ask your Grocer for a package of Malt i
Breakfast Food; it will become a prime j
favorite in your home. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
35c.
G0LDBEB3, B0 WEN & CO'S SPECIAL SAVING SALR
ll ......^... ..... ...... — -- ,-.
Ginger Ale
Cochrane & Co—Belfast— <* T „
reg'ly S1.50 dozen v^'SS
Brandy
California private stock S I I C
20 years old— for medicinal use <* . „
reg'ly$i.5o bottle— 56 gallon ?>4-5 0
Dentifrice
; . Pinaud's popular tooth 2 bottles A - c
wash— reg'ly 40c
H a~m a m elis
H pint 15c— pint 25c— quart 40c
(Best extract of witch hazel)
Fibre Pa i 1
Indurated — very durable — _ _
reg'ly 40c 3 OC
Window screen
Latest patent — oak frame— 2OC
adjustable— fit most any window
reg'ly 25 and 35c 3OC
Olives
Choice Manzanilla — reg'ly 20c qt I CC
43a Pine ij2 Setter 3800 Callfornl* San Franciica
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
Stereo Field Glasses
AT
REDUCED PRICES.
Oculists* - Erescrlotlons filled. Factory en
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main. 10.
..... FH0T0 !. Scientific
64Z Market 5t. instruments
UHDia CHRONICLE BUILDING. CATALOGUE FffEC
E99**mH£239 . K£Cn SmKvj Pvjl flSP^^CMaMC
&15S H^Q9 k lcri*4k vi *¦*¦ ffST -
u fl B KSS WSSTS B*9 R5H B I fl*L_Ck]
¦ £ tai §£B §91 Bii JL^^H
DR.MCNULTY.'
this w:fcij>K?f ovrs aud reliable old
I Specialist c«tvmB[oo<1 Poison, (ionorrhceii, Gleet,
Str!etur«% Seminal Weakness. Impotence ana their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. free.
OverlOTearVexper'ence.TernM reasonable. Hour*,
Sto3daily;6:30tn9.30ev'zs. Sundays.lOto 12. Consul-
tationfreeaod sacredly confidential. Call oraddresa
p. boscor Mcxnvrs-. ai. d. . ,
fIGj; Ixearny St.. Sao Franc i sen. CpI
AA/. T. HOSS.
HOTAET PUBLIC AND ATTOBHEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Spreckels Bidz
Telephane Erown 931.
Residence. 8H. California. St., below PowelL
Sa:t Francisca *
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA, GLEETS
STRICTURES an<1 analogous complaints oi tij
Organs of Genera Uon. ™
Price fl a bottle. For sale by drusrlsta. " **