GLOUCESTER, Mass.. April 7.— The
three-masted -schooner Hyena of "Calais. '
Me., bound to that port from Perth Am- '
boy. went ashore at East Gloucester early '¦¦
this morning s,nd is a total wreck. Cap- '
tain Dix of West Tremont, Me., and Stew- j
ard Fuller were lost, while the two other I
members of the crew were saved. ¦
PORTLAND. Me., April 7.-The St. John '
schooner Wendell Burpee wenCashore on
the cape about noon to-day, and the mate '
only was saved. * j
SCHOONER GOES ASHORE
AND TWO ARE DROWNED
merchant, and after a. desperate running
batUe with citizens, fn which Marshall
slightly wounded a;;d one of the rob
bers probably fatally Fhot. escaped with
a small amount of booty. The safe con
tained several hundred dollars in cash and
many valuable papers end all was prac
tically destroyed by the force of the ex
plosion. The property damage was $3000.
Blo-w Open Safe and Then Have to
Face Alarmed Resi
dents.
FRASTKFORT. Ind.. April 7.— Burgiars
at Mlchigantown. east of here, early this
morning wrecked th« safe in. a brick
building occupied by C. A. Marshall, a
CITIZENS FIGHT RUNNING
BATTLE WITH BANK BOBBERS
turning home from church when assaulted
at Seventeenth and Holmes streets, an
unfrequented part of the city. She wajS
f ounfl after midnight after having lain un
conscious for several hours. There is no
clew to the footpad.
During the winter eight people have
been more or less seriously injured by
footpads. One of the victims, an elderly
vroman, has become insane and another, a
Kansas City, Kan., grocer, died of his in
juries. . .-, ".'¦•.
WOMAN'S HEAD CRUSHED
BY COUPLING PIN'S 'BLOW
Tootpad Assaults Her in Lonely Dis
trict and Her Injuries Are
Mortal.
KANSAS CITT. Mo., April 7.— Mrs. Isa
belle Thompson, aged 67, was fatally
•wounded last night by a footpad who, in
attempting to rob the woman, crushed her
skull with a coupling pin. She was re-
MAY UTILIZE
THE COLORADO
Com pany Plans to Make
River's Current of '
Value.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 7.— The utiliza
tion of the power of the Colorado River as
it tears its way through the Grand Canyon
of the Colorado with force enough to sup
ply the entire country with light and heat
and to move the machinery of 100,000 mills,
is the plan of a company in Arizona-
Hydraulic engineers report to the capi
talists back of the plans that* for a dis
tance of 150 miles of the river's course
more electrical energy by a dozen times
over can be secured than is taken from
Niagara Falls. The promoters of the pro
ject have strenuously endeavored to keep
secret its operations, as" arrangements
must be made with the Government be
fore work commences in the canyon, part
of which Is in the forest reserve and in
cludes several Indian reservations. It is
intended to install this summer a plant of
sufficient size to furnish electrical power
to cities, towns and mining camps within
comparatively easy reach of the Colorado
and then to increase the scope of .the com
pany until all of "Arizona and most .of the
lower part of California may be supplied.*"
It is also intended to build an electric
line along the rim of the canyon for a dis
tance of fifteen miles to better enable
tourists to view the wonders of the great
chasm. There is reason to believe that
Lombard, Goode & Co. of New York are
interested in' the project. ,
QUEER LEGAL QUESTION
PUZZLES THE JUSTICES
Colorado Supreme Court Doubts if a
Woman Can Be Styled an
...."Esquire."
DENVER. April?.— Can the title "Es
quire" be properly applied to a woman?
This qusetion has caused a difference of
opinion on the Supreme bench of the State
of. Colorado and the court Is still as far
as ever from a decision. Eminent counsel
have been called in private consultation
with injustice's Campbell, ' Gabbert and
Steele; all the. dictionaries of the-English
language and works of reference have
been cited to the" "court, yet the bench can
not agree whether a license should be is
sued 'to Flora, E. Silliman, Esq.; or to
plain Flora E.Silliman.
. Pending'the decision of this question,
which has assumed all the seriousness of
a; point of law in the eyes' of the court,
Miss Silliman of Bou!der will not receive
her. license from the Supreme. Court, not
withstanding that t»!ie has passed a high
ly creditable examination for admission to
the bar. -
The 'blank certificates for admission, to
the bar, of Colorado are made out '.'"— — ,
Esquire, etc.," and "he" is the pronoun
invariably used. MIjs Silllmanr who took
the last . bar • examination, is the first
woman for whom cne of the forms, has
been required.
There was no question about admitting
her. to practice, but when it came to mak
ing out the certificate * Deputy Clerk
Cooke hesitated and referred ••' it , to the
court, which Is still hesitating. *
RUSSIA RAISES -DUTIES. I
' ; . ON AMERICAN HARDWARE
LONDON. April 8.— According to. the St.
Petersburg :- ; correspondent ".: of _the " Daily
Mail I Import '. duties ' at ./Vladivostok , have
been p raised « on": all American iron, * steel
and machinery/tq'MBfflBBiMKteg^
PRESIDENT WILL RIDE
IN LUXURIOUS "OLYMPIA"
Most Elaborate Car Ever Built Will
Bear the Chief Magistrate to
the West.
NEW YORK. April 7.— The sleeper
Olympia has been set apart as the Presi
dent's car. It •will be the rear car cf
the train. The Olympla is by far the finest
car ever turned outof the. Pullman shops.
It cost the Pullman Company more than
$50,000 to put it on wheels. It contains five
private rooms, finished In Mexican ma
hograny, maple and koko. The private
dining-room, located at one end of the
car, is finished in vermilion. Silk, satin,
plush and velvet are lavishly used in
the furniture decoraton. Onyx and mar
ble fittings are everywhere apparent.
Enormous mirrors and wardrobes are
provided.
Each private car contains three com
plete fittings of a bedroom. All , have
separate toilet-rooms. The total length
of the Olympla is seventy feet. The draw
ing-room Is -.finished in vermilion, elab
orately carved,' and - the rooms are deco
rated in ivory and gold. The ceilings of
the cars are beautifuly tinted, and the
upholsteries and draperies are of the
finest. The exterior of the car 13 in
keeping with the Interior.
DENVER COMMITTEE SELECTED.
Non-Partisan Body Will Receiva
Party at Colorado Capital.
DENVER. April 7.— Governor Orman
has selected a non-partisan committee of
tvrenty-one citizens, including United
States Senators Teller and Patterson. ex-
Senator Walcott and Congressmen Bell
and Shafroth. to receive and entertain
President McKinley upon his visit to Den
ver. The President is expected to spend
three days In Colorado — one at Denver,
one at Colorado Springs and one at Pikes
STUDENT RECOVERING
FROM SUPPOSED PLAGUE
Believed to Have Contracted the Dis
ease From Handling Culture
Tubes.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., April 7.-Dr. Fred
erick Novy, an authority on bacteriology,
was asked to-night regarding the univer
sity student suspected of having an at
tack of bubonic plague and now confined
In the university hospital's contagious"
ward. - He said:
"I cannot tell whether it is a genuine
case of bubonic plague until my animal
experiments are completed." ?
j Questioned as to what he meant by "an- •
imal experiments," he replied: "I have
taken some of the blood of the young
man and cultured germs and had them in
jected into small animals. The patient has
all the symptoms of the plague except m
one particular. His temperature ha3 re
mained normal ¦ for the last two days,
whereas .persons afflicted with plague
have high fever with high temperature.
I visited him to-day and found that he is j
rapidly recovering."
Dr.; Novy desired to assure the public
that there is no reason for alarm even' if
the case turns out to be genuine "black
death."
. The patient is a medical student, and
probably becar* infected by handling
culture tubes in the bacteriological labor
atory.. ':- ¦ '~'.'-'.-
FIRE AT SAN MIGUEL
DESTEOYS MANY HOUSES
Two Hotels,. a Church and an Opera-
House "Wiped Out by the
Flames.
SAN MIGUEL, April 7.— A fire started
here early this morning and destroyed one
of the principal business blocks. Including
the Occidental and Levinger hotels, the
Methodist Church- South and the opera
house, besides several buildings and
barns. The loss Is about $10,000, partly cov
ered by insurance, v V
Mayor Is likely to lead to interesting de
velopments. • ..'-¦, ..-.<
*' T^fc Collector Scott is silent as to what
his plans are, but some of his friends say
that in order to' get rid of deputies forced
upon him by the . charter he will invoke
the Tyrrell law, recently ; signed :, by the
Governor. This law provides that depu
ties-in office at the time of the passage
of l the : charter need not : be . required - to
pass a civil-service examination, and can
not be removed from office for not com
plying with the "merit system" provision
of the charter. Tax Collector Scott* has
announced his intention; of placing his
friends in positions in his department In
place of the men .who were forced on him
as the result of civil-service .examination.
It : is generally accepted-that \ the courts
will -have, to ideclde. the question 'to be
raised by the Tax Collector. • '.-¦'
County Clerk Is Gratified.
"The decision' of the, Supreme Court re
moving deputies in the offices of county
officers from the jurisdiction of the 'Civil
Service Commission is in a measure grati
fying.to me," said County Clerk Deane
last evening. "It was' my purpose to ob-*
serve the civil' service provisions of the
charter so long as their validity was un
determined,' and at the present time there
are ¦ several" employes ¦ in my iifflce" who'
were j selected by - the ¦- commission and
whose names Were presented to me for
appointment. ,
"This decision of the. Supreme Court
will, however, place my office entirely in
iny. hands,, a condition which is especially
desired by me. j I "am responsible to the
people for the faithful performance of the
work of my office. Though . I . have no
doubt that in ' time, this work . might
have been conducted; as efficiently under
civil service rules as"- otherwise, as I am
responsible It is'gratifylng'.to be able to
place those men in: position in my office
who through long association or thorough
"acquaintance with their work 1 1 know will
keep nay records*. up to the standard, and
in such a manner that no loss or inconve
nience will resul't, which must haveibeen
,the consequence; > had I suddenly ... been
forced to train a new corps of employes at
this time;/- ¦ .- -¦ * • -.- .
j;*"It will-be several days yet before I will
The decision of - the Supreme Court
handed down. last Saturday, by which the
deputies in the various county offices are
exempt from civil-service examination
brought joy and gladness to. the hearts of
the holders of office affected by the ruling
of the appellate court.
Yesterday In places "where men do con
gregate" ¦ dozens of the county deputies
met and discussed the decision. The feel
ing that their positions were secure was
most . pronounced, and many bumpers
were quaffed to the health of the Justices
of the Supreme Court who had delivered
a body blow at the Ironclad rules of the
charter ..and the merit system.
On the other hand, those ¦ deputies in
county offices who had secured their po
sitions by reason of c'.vil-service examina
tion were in a state "of tension yesterday,
for the ruling of the Supreme Court gives
the power to the heads of departments to
oust from office the "merit" holders and
place their own friends "In the positions.
"Much speculation was rife yesterday as
to what action might be taken to-day by
the county officers toward their deputies.
Nothing definite could be learned, but
whispered consultations during the ¦' day
led to statements that "something might
happen."
The general opinion was that Mayor
Phelan and the "reform", element were in
the minority and that there would be
room in city jobs for others than members
of the Phelan push, who have been "hog
ging" everything. -
The friends of the charter and the merit
system of appointment were loud in de
nunciation of the Supreme Court, and did
not hesitate to make all kinds of absurd
charges.. It Is too early, however, to. say
what plan of campaign wlll.be outlined
by the "chartists" to carry out their
cherished plans. " . <
Tax Collector's Status Doubtful.
The offices of Sheriff, District Attorney,
County Clerk, Coroner, Assessor, and Re
corder are affected by, the Supreme Court
decision. It is a disputed point whether
the Tax Collector holds' a municipal or a
county office. It is known, however,: that
Tax , Collector Scott is opposed to ~ the
merit system of appointment, and the re
cent clash of the.Tax : Collector ; and the
¦ ' ¦-¦.' "" ¦ >• " ' . ¦
limited.
6p»cia: Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— Andrew Car
negie : desires to be special embassador of
President McKinley at the coronation of
King Edward VII and Senator Allison of
Iowa is, said to be pressing this appoint
ment upon the President. It has been gen
erally understood that Whitelaw Reid
would receive the appointment. He repre
sented the President at the Queen's jubi
lee in 1897 and he expected to be appointed
embassador to England to succeed Choate.
but that ; gentleman declined the invita
tion to a seat in the Cabinet. Some of
Reid's' friends insist that he is to go into
the Cabinet, succeeding Hay a3 Secretary
of State, but if Hay concludes to remain
Reid will be again sent to London as the
President's special ambassador.
"- Senator Allison has great influence at
the "White House and Carnegie is an old
friend of McKinley. While he was op
posed to the President's policy in the
Philippines and has been one of the most
earnest anti-imperialists, he and the
President have remained personal friends
and he has called at the White House
when in .Washington. If he can dispose
of Reid in some other way the President
probably will appoint Carnegie for this
honorary assignment, but he must take
care of Reid, whatever else Is done.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE. April 7.— Vice President
Bancroft of the Oregon Short Line an
nounces to-night that his company will at
once build to Los Ansreles over the sur-
vey made by the Union Pacific. In 1SS9.
Work was begun at Lvada to-day with a
force of 100 men and one mile was com
pleted. v^" f r x^^
The aim is to shut out Senator TV. A.
Clark's road, which naa obtained a title
to the grade below Uvada, Attorney E. O.
"Whittemore of the latter road is at Ploche
to get out an injunction to prevent the
Short Line building on the grade. The
Short* Line has owned the grade slnea
18S3, but never attempted to use It until
the Clark road appeared to be a certainty.
The Short Line's objects the opposition
declares, is to be to check the Clark road
and then do nothing:. .
As projected row, the Short Line pro
poses building from Uvada to a point be
tween Beaumont and Banning, a distance
of 440 mile3, where connection can ¦ be
made with the Southern Pacific
The important decision of the Register
and Receiver of the Land Office at Car
son in favor of the Los Angeles road and
against the Oregon Short Line In the
matter of the old grade In Lincoln Coun
ty, Nevada, is a very important feature.
Here arises quite a question of railroad
and land laws— whether the decision of
the Register and Receiver of the United
States Land Office at Carson is strong
enough to cause a Judge to Issue a re
straining order. Tlie decision will be
taken as prlma facie evidence that the
Utah aa<l; California has & right to .tha
grade, -Wd -*© couri Is .expected to
hold. The order, however, would be but
a temporary Injunction pending the ap
peal to. the Commiss'loner of the General
Land Office or higher authority. Such an
order could emanate from a Nevada Dis
trict Court or the United States Court.
Facts point to one conclusion, and that
is that if the Oregon Short Line suc
ceeds in strangling the embryo San Pedro.
Los Angeles and Salt Lake, no line of
railroad will be built from Nevada to an*
all-rail connection with Los Angeles for
some time to come, simply because the
Harriman syndicate would not build a
third line to parallel its three existing
lines to the coast, thus dividing its traf
fic into four parts instead of three. As
long as the Southern Pacific was a friend
ly yet dictating connection of the Union
Pacific, the latter was prevented building
when It wanted to. The Utah and Pacific
was,- to all Intents and purposes, built by
the Union Pacific, but when called to ac
count the line could be pointed out as
an independent company. The Short Line
wanted an Independent company to build
the line, and It is a fact that when the
Clark project was first broached there
were several good reasons for believing
that the Oregon Short Line waa not
averse to the plan..
When the great deal for the purchase
of the Southern Pacific by the Union Pa
cific tvas started the entire situation waa
changed, because a line from Salt Lake
to Los Angeles and San Diego would di
vert traffic from the Ogden-San Francis
co and New "Orleans-Los Angeles routes,
and naturally decrease the earning power
of the Southern Pacific.
Aims to Shut Out tne Road
Projected by Senator'
Clark.
Construction Begun of
Oregon Short Line
; in Utah, .
WILL BUILD
THROUG H TO
LOS ANGELES
George F. Richardson, master of trans
portation of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, stated at an early hour this morn
ing that he had received no Information
concerning a wreck of the western-bound
Special Dispatch to The CalL
OGDEN, Utah, April S, 3:10!
a. m.— Overland limited No. 1, which
left here at 2:30 p. m. yesterday, was
wrecked to-night at 0 o'clock at
Moore's Hill. The fireman on the
regular engine and helper were both
killed and the engineer badly hurt.
Twelve passengers are reported killed
cr injured. Two coaches were turned
ever and were burned. Superintend
ent Noble, Fitzgerald and Master
Mechanic Luckett left on a special at
3 o'clock and will return at 3 p. m.
tc-day.
TRUCKEE, April 8.— The west
bound limited passenger train No. 1
was wrecked one-half mile west of
Wells, in Nevada, early this morn
ing. Two firemen were killed, both
their engineers badly scalded, the
mail clerks were injured seriously
and the train destroyed by fire.
The name of one of the dead firemen
is I/oder and one of the injured en
gineers is Warner.
No details can be learned at this
hour. All that is known, outside of
the facts just given, is that the en
gine and several if not all of the
coaches went into the ditch.
It was reported here to-night that
President Hays of the Southern Pa
cific was a passenger on the west
bonnd limited, but railroad men are
of the opinion that he is not this far
west on his return from New York,
It, indeed, he has left the latter city.
Westbonnd Overland Passenger Train
Goes Into the Ditch Near
Wells Station.
Fireman and Helper and a
Number "oi Passengers
Are Killed.
Serious Disaster on
Southern Pacific
in Nevada.
TRAVELERS
PERISH IN A
TRAIN WRECK
VOLUME LXXXIX- NO. 129.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
WOULD ATTEND
CROWNING
Carnegie Seeks Appoint
ment v as American
Embassador.
SUPREHE COURT GHARTER DECISION
BRINGS JOY TO COUNTY DEPUTIES
Heads of Departments Expected to Do Some Shaking=LJp Among
Men Chosen for Herit by Civil Service Commission.
definitely determine what action I -will
take in regard to .the • reorganization of
my office, or whether such reorganization
will follow, as the force in my office has
always been efficient and fully capable of
performing the work incumbent upon it."
PLUKED!Resurrection and Life Everlasting Through Christ's Atonement the Joyful Theme in
Churches Brightened With Flowers and Thronged With the Devout.
SONG AND SERMON PROCLAIM GLAD
EASTBR TIDINGS WORSHIPERS
EASTER PROMENADE AS SEEN AT VARIOUS POINTS ON PROMI
NENT THOROUGHFARES. SNAPSHOTS AT FASHION, BEAUTY AND
PIETY MADE BY A CALL, PHOTOGRAPHER.
cidental to the high mass was sung by a
choir of male voices. " '
- The Rev. Henry ..Woods, S. J., preached
the sermon. His theme was the dual life
of man— his physical and moral life.
¦'. At the vespers in the evening the Very
Rev. Father Frieden. S. J., was the cele
brant, assisted by Messrs. Ruppert and
Villa, S. J., as- deacon and- sub-deacon.
At the benediction of the blessed sacra
ment, which followed, Father Frieden
was assisted by the Rev. J. Sardi, S. J.,
as deacon, and P. Ryan, S. J., as sub
deacon. During | the services' Cagliero's
"Regina Coeli" and De Vecchi's "Tantum
Ergo" were rendered by the male choir.
SAV1OR>S DEATH
MAN'S SALVATlpN
Archbishop Uiordan Pontificates at
High Mass at St. Mary's Cathe
dral in Presence of Large
¦'¦'. Congregation. - . .
In commemoration of the glorious mys
tery Of the resurrection of Christ the ser
vices at St. Mary's Cathedral were of un
usual solemnity and impressiveness. } The
.vast edifice was . crowded from altar rail
to outer door. The music, which was pre-
VESTMENTS WORN
OF GOLDEN HUE
of prayers and it gave added significance
to pastoral blessings and benedictions.'
; ' ; • — ' .'; -
Male Choir Renders Music of Special
•Character and Dignity, at St. •
Ignatius Church . .
Services.
More radiant, almost, than the bright
sun's rays, that disputed with myriads of
tapers the illumination of the sanctuary
of ¦ St. Ignatius Church.- were the Vest
ments worn by the officiating . priests.
Cloth of gold, bespangled with jewels, re
lieved with lace albs and surplices of iace,
scintillated and flashed.'-' ¦ : . • > ¦-'¦¦-¦ ¦¦¦¦'¦¦
Seldom has St. Ignatius Church held a
larger or more devout congregation. As
the acolytes, preceding the officiating
priests, entered the sanctuary the organ
broke forth into the joyous strains of. an
Easter hymn. The Rev. A. M. Coltelll was
the director of the choir, -while Professor
Maurice O'Connell presided at the organ.
The Very Rev. J. P. Frieden.-S. J.. supe
rior of the society, was the celebrant of
the mass, and he was assisted by. the Rev.
R. H. Bell, S. J., as deacon, and A. O.
Villa, S. J., as sub-deacon. The music in-
Thousands of parishioners went to the
altar rail of St. Patrick's Church to fulfill
the solemn obligation imposed upon all
Catholics to receive Holy Communion at
Easter. Masses were celebrated* at fre
quent intervals during., the morning, cul
minating with solemn high mass at 11
.•O'clock. Special preparations ' had ( been
made for the occasion, and ' hundreds of
radiant blossoms and green palms, backed
by the flickering lights of many candles
ensconced in golden candelabra, made the
altar a radiant picture of light and color.
. St. Patrick's chimes pealed out in sonor
ous tones, inviting the -worshipers- to
meet, and as the last strains faded away
ill the distance, a choir took 1 up the-open
ing strains of Mozart's Twelfth Mass. As
a special feature Curt C. Davis, musical
director, assisted by Miss Marie- Short, the
organist, introduced Lamblllotte's -Haeo
Dies at the offertory. ¦.- . ,
In the evening solemn high vespers were
sung. • Benediction of the: blessed sacra
ment ' followed. Stearns' Vespers and
Rig-o's Grand Tantum .Ergo were effec
tively rendered by tne same choir..- - ¦.
¦ '} ' ¦ . •:¦ . ¦¦?¦'¦' ¦ , • - ' '
JOY OF EASTER
\S GIVEN VOICE
•Morning and evening. services were held
at Trinity Episcopal Church. ' The rector,
the Rev. F. W. Clarripett;' D.'D.,> preached
at both services:- : Special- music was rend-
pared especially for the day, was ex
ceedingly well rendered. The altar was
decorated with a profusion of glimmering
candles, surrounded by palms, lilies and
ferns. Archbishop Riordan was celebrant
of the mass, assisted by the Very Rev, J.
J. Prendergast, V. G.; Rev. C. A. Ramm,
deacon, and Rev. J. B. Hannigstn, sub
deacon. Revs. Philip O'Ryan and E. > P.
Dempsey were the deacons of Honor.
Father Ramm preached a very eloquent
sermon on the resurrection and its rela
tion to the faith.
riANY RECEIVE
THE COMMUNION
If You Have Rheumatism
Send no money, but writeDr.Shoop, Racine, Wis.,
box 137. for six bottles of Dr. S hoop's Rheumatic
Cin-e.exp.pald. If cured payJ5.50.'If not.lt is free*
Injured in Train Wreck.
V KANSAS CITT, April 7.— By the derail
ing- of an engine and : a number of empty
freight cars being brought Into" the City
this evening on the Kansas City Suburban
Belt Line Railroad four members of the
crew^were injured.' William Prims, brake
man, had his skull broken and eyes scald
ed. > ¦ He :¦ will . die. ,- The engine . was demol
ished ' and ten cars were . reduced to kind-
Robbers Depart Without Coin.
SANTA BARBARA,: April 7— Burglars
entered the office of the Union Hill Com
pany last night by cutting away the win
dow sash and attempted to crack the Com
pany's safe. The i attempt 'proved futile
as far as: getting any,.; booty, was con
cerned, but . the « safe mechanism . was
broken. Only a few cents from , the; cash
drawer were stolen: Stamps in; the same
drawer were. not taken. ¦' ..
LEXINGTON. Ky.. April 7.-General
Casslus M. Clay is still' holding the fort
alone and no one was admitted to White
hall to-day except James Bolln, his body,
guard. Yesterday General Clay Intimated
that he would live on a supply of meat
and canned goods wLlch he had stored
away, but he changed his mind this- morn-
Ing and ordered Bolln. who lives about a
hundred yards from the mansion to have
his wife prepare his meals.
-General Clay Is working on the second
volume of .his autobiography, which will
contain the secrets of his private life, anl
is to be published oniy- after his death.
The. first volume has, already appeared
but the. circulation is limited, as only
Clay's intimate friends received copies.
FLAMES DESTROY
GREAT ELEVATOR
BULGARIANS MAY
RESENT ARRESTS
FEAST ON FLESH
OF COMPANIONS
DYNAMITE HOISTS
MERRIMAC'S BOW
TURNS HIS FORT
INTO A STUDY
Still > Defying the World,
General Clay Works on
His Autobiography; : .
VIENNA, April 7.— The" arrest of : the
leading memuera of the Macedonian Com
mittee Friday , night at Sofia, Bulgaria,
causes great satisfaction.' It was probably
due to pressure from Russia and Turkey,
although the official reason given is that
the committee was preparing a rising in
Macedonia." • • . " ¦ r- '¦¦' '
The revelations at the trial of the Bul
garians af Salonica regarding the revolu
tionary aims of ' the ¦ committee may . also
have hastened the denouement. - As the
committee counts many . thousands of , ad
herents in Bulgaria, trouble may • result.
Prince Ferdinand is at Meritone. . ' : : .
Trouble Fear ed,- as Commit
tee Has Many Thousand;
Adherents; i; ;
Shipwrecked Men Relate a
Horrible Tale of Can-
nibalism.k
LONDON, April 8.— The Singapore cor
respondent of the Daily Express wires a
ghastly story of cannibalism at sea
brought to Singapore 'by two survivors of
the Nova Scotian.. bark Angola, wrecked
six days' sail from Manila, October 23 last.'
The correspondent, says:' -
"The survivors— Johnson, a Swede, and
Martlcornu, a Spaniard— assert that' the
Angola struck a reef. Two rafts were
built. The smaller, bearing five men, dis
appeared. : The other with' -twelve men,
drifted for. forty days. . The sailors ate
barnacles, seaweed and finally their boots.
. '.'On the twenty-fifth day two became in
sane and killed themselves. On the twen
ty-sixth a Frenchman killed the mate with
an ax, drank his b^ood and tried to eat his
brains, but was .prevented by the others.
The next day ' the Frenchman was killed
while attempting to murder: the captain.
,The survivors, all of whom were now in
sane; ate the Frenchman's body." . '
>..;"Cannibalism continued until only John
son and Marticornu' remained. ' On-.* the ,
forty-second day the raft stranded on Subi
or- Flat .>, Island, in' the Natuna- ; group
(northwest of ; Borneo). Johnson and
Marticornu .were awfully emaciated/
Friendly. Malays sent .* them by, junk "to
'Singapore." ¦ . -
.....
Forward Portion of Hobsdn's
-Obstruction Blown Up • :
to Open Harbor. ;; ;
SANTUGO.DE CUBA, ApriL7.— Fifteen
, hundred pounds . of 'dynamite were .• used
. yesterday afternoon in blowing up the for
' ward superstructure of ¦ the 'sunken United
States" collier j Merrlmac," which has long
impeded the entrance to the harbor.' The
explosion was -heard . plainly In the city,
five mlle3 away. Divers immediately de
scended and "found r. forty feet of . clear
water ! over ( the forward portion of the
¦wreck. ' /, - i. ~ v ;~ . ¦'. • ¦ . > ¦ .'•
" Port Captain Irvln will begin to-m6rrow
to; place: mines aft, which he . expects *- to
explode in 1 a week,', thus completely clear
ing the harbor. entrance. -;'• i '. '_: •' : ¦/
i Yesterday's ¦ incident was highly spec
tacular. , Residents of . Smith ,Key, . adja
cent to the wreck," left the island, fearing
that ; their houses would be demolished. :
The overlooking hills were lined with.'peo-,
pie and large numbers of pleasure seekers
encircled , the wreck : at .a safe " distance. «
"When the electric' button -was, touched a
pyramid of water" rose forty feet and the
surface was': immediately, covered ¦ with
wreckage ¦; and * tons ¦-, of -* dead fish." .The
launches, and' yachts returned* to the 'city,
laden wilh souvenirs of the wreck. " :
AJDAMS IS NOT DENVER
CORPORATION OFFICIAL
Man Who Caused tho Arrast of Chl
.. cagfo Vaudeville Actress , <;r '
Misrepresented.
, DENVER, Colo., April 7.— Joseph B.
Adams of this city, who caused the arrest
of Miss Florence Morrison, a vaudeville
actress, In Chicago on Saturday on a
charge of larceny, is a well-known, min
ing promoter, but the statement In the
Chicago dispatches that he Is president
of the Gregg Mining and Investment
Company was an error.
The president of that company "la Mr.
Nathan Gregg of this city. "Mr. Adams,"
gald Mr. Gregg to-day, "is not an- officer
of the Gregg Mining and Investment
Company, and never has been. • directly
or indirectly. We have on several occa
sions given Mr. Adams options on proper
ties under our control, and he is now in
Chicago promoting a deal for some min
ing people in which we have a con
tingent Interest. . "We know.' absolutelv
nothing about Mr. Adams', personal af
fairs."
ly's Easter, cantata, "Life and Death,"
was sung at the.evenlng servlde.
The Howard Presbyterian Church had a
mdrnlng- service, ' In which the choir was
supplemented by lute, violin and organ.
The Hallejujah chorus and ¦ "Rejoice
Greatly" from "The Messiah" were sung.
Calvary and St. John's Presbyterian
churches united in a- union praise service
in the evening-. -";'¦'*-¦
The choir of the First Baptist. Church
rendered a programme of Easter music at
the morning service. . : ;s : J- : -
The Hallelujah chorus was the feature
of the morning service at the First United
Presbyterian Church.
-The third, part of "The Messiah" was
sung at- the evening service at Simpson
Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church.
'.A chorus choir rendered art elaborate
programme of Easter music at the Grace
Methodist Episcopal Church at the morn
ing service. At the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church special music was rend
ered at both morning and evening services.
• The fiftieth anniversary of the Howard
street Methodist Episcopal v Church, was
celebrated at an evening service, with mu
sic appropriate to Easter.
A '¦ cantata. "The Resurrection." '-was
sung- at the Third Congregational Church
in the evening. The pastor, Rev. William
Rader, preached at both' the morning and
the evening services. . ', " -V,'-
fe The Golden- Gate Commandery, Knights
Templar, participated In the evening ser
vice, at the Itfrst Congregational Church,
and the California Commandery in. that at
Trinity Episcopal Church.- f '
' The girls' vested choir of the First En
glish Lutheran Church sang Easter carols
$.t a special service for children at 9:45 a.
m. Regular Easter. services were held at
11 a. m. and at 7:30 p. m. • Vvv-.-i - •"•'-:•-
The choir of the First Unitarian Church
was assisted in rendering a special mu
sical programme by several soloists and
the. Mlnetti -Quartet. An instrumental
quartet assisted the. choir of the Second
Unitarian Church at the morning service.
ST. LOUIS, April 7. — Sparks from a
switch engine to-day set fire to the big
elevator owned by the St. Louis Elevator
and Storage Company, and within less
than two hours the building was reduced
to ashes, entailing a loss of $650,000. The
building and contents, which consisted of
about 800,000 bushels of wheat and corn,
were fully insured. *
The elevator, which was situated on. the
river front at the foot of Biddle street,
was the second largest in St. Louis and
was used for storage purposes by others
than the members of the St. Louis Storage
Company, but the latter just at this time
happened to own almost all the grain.
The building contained corn and wheat of
grades below No." 2: Only a small amount
of high-class cereals was stored there.
H. C. Haarstick, president of the com
pany, gave it as his opinion that the loss
of the grain would not affect the local
market. ¦ : ..-•¦
The building was insured for $90,000 and
the storage company's grain for $550,000.
Other insurance on private storage will
aggregate 550,000. Nearly every insurance
company represented in St. Louis carried
policies on the grain. There will be little
if any. grain salvagre. the . fire and water i
having made a clean sweep. - - J
¦"-' f v$^i | i- i jflMi3JMftMi^^BWBH^HBB»iBBB
Plant Ignited by Sparks
From Switch Engine
Reduced to Ashes.
P BALING bells, churches bright
with flowers, voices- raised, in
glad song, devout worshipers
kneeling -in prayer— thus was
3 Easter observed, the resurrec-
JbL tion of Christ commemorated,
the Christian's hope of peace
• and "joy hi immortality given
expression. The burden of all songs was
the risen Christ, the. trend of all thoughts
was to ¦ the resurrection and life ever
lasting, but withal it was the joy of vic
tory, chastened by' the remembrance of
the crucifixion. • :
The day was observed in all the
churches. In most of them both morning
and evening services being held. Never
have greater ., throngs . pressed to San
Francisco's % houses of worship. Every
church was crowded, and thousands stood
in ¦ vestibules and even outside
church -. doors, eager to hear lit
least a part of the music that floated out
from choir loft and organ. The morn
ing was bright and cheery. Easter hats
and spring dresses made resplendent the
multitude that pressed churchward, and
pensive gladness, unmaired' by temporal
disappointment ' shftne from women's
faces. ¦¦;-.'
A wealth of flowers made beautiful
somber church Interiors. Easter lilies
hid chancel rails. Lilies of the valley
formed wreaths and festoons, and
wrought Into crosses placed above cban
cels they symbolized the sadness that is
purest jfly. Palms and roses and lilacs
were also used with 'a profusion inspired
by nature's bountifulness in California.
Special music was rendered at all ser
vices. In many of the churches augment
ed choirs sang Easter anthems and ths
sacred songs of great composers. The
city's most noted vocalists were heard
in solos, and organs pealed forth In
vibrant response to the touch of masters.
The story of the Passion, the Crucifix
ion, and the Resurrection from the Ari
mathean's tomb was told in sermon and
in Scriptural lessons. . It was the theme
TICKET-OF-LEAVE MAN
CAUSES WIFE'S ARREST
Alleges He Gave Her Large Sums
Ignorant That She Had Ob-
tained Divorce.
CHICAGO, April 7.-Daniel F. Doherty.
an English ticket-of-leave man, who is
well known in gambling resorts of New
Tcrk and London, has caused the arrest
here of his former wife, Mary Doherty,
whom he charges with obtaining money
from him under false pretenses.
Fifteen years ago in London Doherty
shot and killed Colonel George M. Gra
ham of New York, following a dispute
over a poker game that begun on a trans
continental liner and was continued at the
Churchill Club in Piccadilly. Doherty was
sentenced to life imprisonment fend -was
confined until 1S98, when he wa^ released
on a ticket of leave;
Doherty bases his charge against his
former wife upon allegations that she se
cured a divorce fr&m him while he wa«: a
prisoner, but withheld the fact Jjpm him
and continued to take money from him
for her maintenance. He alleges that
since she obtained a divorce from him in
Philadelphia, in 1S3S, she has had from
him about $7000. He also states that when
he went to prison he gave her over $15,000.
Mrs. Doherty's friends maintain that the
divorce was not secured until a few
months ago, and that, since being sepa
rated from him she has had no money
from him. .
WANTON MURDER BY SOLDIERS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. April 7.— Major Gen
eral MacArthur has taken stern measures
to repress the murder of innocent Fllt
plnos by American soldiers.
Secretary Root has received from Gen
eral MacArthur a report of a crime of
peculiar atrocity committed by Privates
Edward M. Brodie and James F. Coffey,
of troop C. Third Cavalry. Brodie and
Coffey were tried for murder and se i
tenced to be confined at hard labor for life.
Commenting upon the case, General Mac-
Arthur said:
"The evidence upon record is conclusive
that they. In a spirit of wantonness,
murdered, by shooting, a harmless boy
whom they met on the highway. The
taking of the life of this innocent being
was, under the circumstances, showii
upon the record, a crime of peculia
atrocity that might be viewed with hor
ror by the most debased savage. As sol
diers In the army of the United States,
they should have been helpers and de
fenders of the Innocent. Returning alon<»
from a tour of detached duty to the sta
tion of their troop, they, in wantonness,
perpetrated this crime for which any
penalty known to the law is not too great
punishment."
CAPTAUT CARTER WEL
TSY FOB EELEASE ON BAIL
"WASHINGTON, April 7.— Attorneys for
Captain O. M. Carter, now serving- a sen
tence in the Leavenworth, Kan., prison
for defrauding the Government, have giv
en notice to the Government that they will
make application to the Supreme Court
to-morrow for the release of their client
on ball, pending a hearing- before that
court on his appeal from the judgment of
the lower court, refusing him a writ of
habeas corpus. The application will be
contested by Solicitor General Richards of
the Department of Justice.
Two Fires in One Night.
NEW YORK, April 7.-A fire which
broke out at two different times, last night
aid damage to the extent of $175,000 to the
Block of the Pudhaus Paper. Box Com
pany and the machinery belonging to the
company, as well as to the stock of Swetz
er, Pembroke & Co., both firms occupying
the building at ¦ 83 and 85 White street.
The fire first broke out at 10 o'clock last
night and was supposed to have been
overcome in a short time with a smal!
loss, but at. 2 o'clock this ' morning the
flames again broke out on one of the up
per floors, which was occupied by the Sud
haus Company. • :
CHOIRS RENDER f
EASTER! MUSIC
At the First Presbyterian Church Shel-
ered bv the choir tinder the direction of
Dr. H. J. Stewart/ The soloists were Miss.
Millie Flynn, Mrs. J' E. Birmingham, H.
M. Fortescue and.F. G.' B. Mills. .'-'.- Y
At. the morning service the processional
hymn, "Jesus Christ is Risen To-day"; an
Easter anthem, "Chrikt... Our. Passover,"
arranged to a Gregorian^ chant by H. J.
Stewart; Te Deutn and Jubilate -in A, by
Villiei's-Stanford, ; and; Schubert's "Song
of Miriam" were rendered. ;' .
Rev. David McCIure, D. D., Rev. E. B.
Church and Rev. Yoshumira were seated
within the chancel 1 arid." assisted In the
service and in administering communion.
2
NEW YORK, April 7.— At all the
churches in the city elaborate Easter ser
vices were held. At Old Trinity more than
1000 people were unable to find even stand-
Ing room. The music was of the finest
Many graves in both Trinity and St.
Pauls graveyards were decorated with
flowers. In St. Pauls the huge tomb of
the Rhinelanders was fairly buried be
neath hydrangeas, hyacinths, and Easter
lilies, and in Trinity graveyard there was
the same lavish display of flowers.
Archbishop Corrigan officiated at St.
Patricks Cathedral and the great church
was more than tuled. Only those provided
with tickets could gain admission.
The magnificent edifice of the Second
Church of Christ, at Sixty-eighth street
and Central Park West, was dedicated to
day, just two years after the cornerstone
was laid. There was a very large attend
ance, for the most part made up of people
from other cities, a here was no attempt
at decoration with the exception of a few
plants and flowers around the rector's dais
and defk. The addresses were made by
Mrs. L,aura Lathrop, tne first reader of the
church, and John Carroll Lathrop, her
son, who is the second reader. Instead of
the benediction, a letter was read from
Mrs. Baker Eddy, In which she sent good
wishes to the church.
»
GBEAT CROWDS COMPEL
FOUR SERVICES IN CHTJBCH
Dedication of Second Church of
Christ, Scientist, Calls Forth.
yen Thousand Persons.
CHICAGO, April 7.— Probably 10,000 per
sons participated to-day in the dedication
of the Second Church of Christ. Scientist,
at Wrigtitwood street'and Pine Grove av
enue. So great was the assemblage that
a quadruple service v.as held. After the
first service the. side doors were opened
and the congregation passed out while
another group of worshipers entered
through the front doors ana participated
in a repetition of the service. Twice more
the ceremonial was repeated to audiences
similarly admitted, and still crowds lin
gered about the church, eager to get in.
The salutatory address was delivered by
Reader Bicknell Young", after which the
following greeting from Airs. Mary Baker
Eddy was read:
PLEASANT VIEW. CONCORD. N. H.,
April 4, 1901.
To the Second Church of Christ, Scientist,
Chicago— My Beloved Brethren: Your card cf
invitation to this least of souls was duly re
ceived. Accept my thanks.
Ye sit not la the idol's temple; ye buili not
to an unknown god. Ye worship Him Ts'hom
ye serve. Boa^t not thyself, thou ransomed oC
divine love, but press on unto the possession
of unburdened bliss. Heal the sick, make
rpotless the blemished, raise the living dead,
cast out fashionable lunacy.
The ideal robe of Christ is seamless. Thou
hast touched its hem and art . healed. The
men Christ is thine. The haunting mystery
and gloom of His glory rule not this century.
Thine is the upspringingr hope, the conquest
over Ein and mortality, that lights the living
way to life, not death.
May the God of our fathers, the infinite Per
son whom we worship, te and abide with you;
may the bleKrings of divine love rest with you.
My heart hevers around your churches in Chi- j
cago. for the dove of peace sits smilingly on j
these branches and Klnjrs of '. our Redeemer, j
Lovingly yours, MARY BAKER EDDY.
Congratulatory telegrams from Edward
ICimbnll of Boston and other Christian
Scientists of prominence i n a n parts of the
world were also read from the chancel at
each service.
The church, including the prbund upon
¦wmch it stands, cost the society about
$120,000.
Second Church of Christ, a New and
Magnificent Building, Dedicated,
and Flowers Laid on
Many Graves. ¦
Elaborate Services Mark
the Festival at All the
City Churches.
EASTER SUNDAY
IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, April 7.— Lawyer . Albert
T. Patrick, who is charged with the mur
fier of Millionaire Rice, made a statement
to-day concerning Hh6 case!: He had been
asked to say... something- concerning a
story printed in a morning paper to the
effect that Valet Jones had spent several
hours, /accompanied by a '-policeman at
tached to the District Attorney's office, in
touring the tenderloin district. According
to this story hotels; concert halls and gar
dens and theaters had been visited by the
prisoner and: his- attendant" and dozens of
drinks taken. On this -point Lawyer Pat
rick said: ' ' ;
"I have known that thj3 kind of thing
has been going on for some time. I could
not have sworn that such was the case,
but" I -have heard' from;, various sources
that Jones was;; plentifully supplied with
money, was taken out buggy riding and
was otherwise treated .with kindness and
consideration." .. .' r r v.' s '.»
Patrick then went. on to speak of the
Rice murder case. This is the first time
that he has made any- statement since his
arrest. He said : . •'
Jones never killed VT. M. Rice. Had he done
so he -never would have testified to it, espe
cially as the District Attorney has promised
him no immunity, nor .-would hla counsel, even,
though provided by Captain Baker, have per
mitted him to do so. His confidence is due to
the fact that TV. M. Rice, at the age of S4,
died of heart failure, as did hla brother. F.
A. Rlc yesterday, at the age of 70, and there
will never be any proof otherwise. The only
crime of which Jones is guilty is that of con
spiring: against the. 1900 will and that of per
jury In the ¦ present proceedings. His fairy
ato#y 13 the result of a. collaboration with,
James A. Baker; Jones* lawyer. Mr. Battle,
who is hired by Baker, Assistant District At
torney » Osborne and Professor Witthaus, the
professional expert, whose report Osborne for
the. last six months has been expecting in a
few days, and who swore* that Rica died of
mercurial poisoning if he did not die of some
thing else. . ... ', - -i
. Details a Conspiracy.
: The' object Of Jones' story Is to have me
I held in prison pending the will litigation. I
have already been in prison six months on the
I forgery charge without even being indicted,
and I do not believe that there is any serious
intention to try me on a criminal charge before
• a Jury- My arrest on a murder Charge and
the desperate attempt to hold me is due en
tirely to my ability and attempt to give bail
upon any less serious charge. The stock in_,
trade of the opposition to the 1900 will is thelr*^
already demonstrated ability to control the
District Attorney's office; that 13 to say, that
portion presided over by Osborne, over which
there seems to be no administrative supervis
ion.
So far the tactics employed against me have
been the giving out by Mr. Osborne continually
of statements known by him to be false, in
order to cause the public to prejudge me guilty.
so as to Justify the false imprisonment and
to prevent a fair trial; the wrongful Imprison
ment of myself and the hounding by detectives
of those who appear, to favor me; the abuse
ot the process of the courts by wrongfully
Bubpenalr.fr. in the name of the court, per
sons to personally appear before him and sub-*
mlt to examinations in his office. . -
- The use of men under the guise of profes
sional handwriting experts to swear that the
signatures of the 1900 will, checks, assign
ments, etc.. are forgeries and the procuring
of false testimony are all in the same line.
Jones swore on the witness stand and Osborne
admitted It in open court that Jones had In
formed Osborne in January that Jones had
killed Mr. Rice with chloroform; and that
subsequently In collaboration. with Wltthaus on
February 21 the present complaint " charging
me with killing Rice with mercurial poi3on
was made at the instance of Osborne in an
attempt to deprive me of all knowledge of the
rature of the accusation against me until he
had used as witnesses those "who are sup
posed to be for me. — ¦¦•¦•:¦
- I have been Informed that Jones 'has been
for several weeks past permitted to roam the
streets. So far as I am concerned I have no
objection, provided that Jones be - kept within,
the Jurisdiction of- the court.: .».<.; -s-j
Warns His Former Valet.
It would take but little corroboratlon td con
vict Jones upon his own confession, but It
would take a great deal to convict me upon
: Jones' accusation. If I am held or. Indicted
for murder Jones will certainly be also, and I
would surely be acquitted, but In his effort
tD have himself corroborated he mlgrhf be con
: victed, - innocent. ¦ though - he Is. and then,, .ho
1 would surely be electrocuted. ' for no hand could
cave him.
' Jones Is staking his life upon 'th» ability
1 of the handwriting: experts to d! :red It Rice's
signature, which Jones saw him write, and
which he shows by. his numerous statements
and uncertain testimony that, ha knows Rice
' signed. *' "'.' '.
Jones may rest assured that those for whom
he has outlawed" himself from mankind will
abandon him when they can no longer use
him.
As to my own position, I can only «ay that
I will be vindicated and will be able to dis
charge all duties devolving upon, and maintain
all rights belonging' to me. all of which, how
ever, is in the hands of my able and. con
servative attorneys.
¦ Of revenge I have no thought, but If I am
convicted of Rice's murder I shall do my ut
most to convict all Implicated. In which event
I am sure I can proves the motive for the
alleged will of 1896 and the- instigators to be
persons striving to uphold it and proving that
Jones did the deed, believing that he could
thu3 prevent the consummation of Mr. Rice's
plans through me. . •
District Attorney Phllbln was asked to
day what he knew of Jones' alleged tour
-of -the tenderloin. He replied that he knew
nothing whatever except what he had
read. : • • -
"Hav© you at any time given permission
for him to absent himself .from the Houaa
of Detention except when he was In at
tendance at court?" . '
"I have not," he replied. '
" Mr. Osborne said: "I have read the
statement made by Patrick and have*
nothing to say. I cannot make myself pop
ular with the criminal classes and expect
to be maligned at every chance." ,
Accuses New York's Assistant Dis
trict Attorney of Having a Pe
cuniary Interest in tn« t ••
.. . Bice Affair. ' ••'
Lawyer Patrick Declares He
Is the Victim of a
Conspiracy,
TELLS DF PLOT
TO RUIN HIM
THE SAN ffRANOlSCQ C ALL, MONDAY, APRIL 8, ' 1 i>0 1 .
• To Prevent Pneumonia and Grip.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne removes the cause. " •
AT>XnFTR.'l'IHH!Vn?TTTg
The Only Way to Get a Com-
. - plete Cure for
CatarriipDeafness,
Langs
I9;TO TRKAT7IT ANTISEPTICLY
The only way to do thla is with the Cotfln*
htm NEW ANTISEPTIC: METHOD. £Swb?S
and patented by C* *¦•-..-. ™
DR. COTTI NGH AM.
Expert on EAR, NOSE. THROAT and lATta
:¦': - DISEASES, *-«3fO
; 204 Sutttr St., NW. Cor. of Kearn v
FREE— Absolutely free Examination and oa«
week's treatment riven to convince youof tSI
superior merit of this new treatment; - 200O ten
cases, 85 p«r cent cured. Try it FREE and ha
tcaTlnCed wWleyou can.;<J-.ll at ono« brwrltKCruiser Sails for Manila.
ALGIERS, April 7.— The United States
armored cruiser New York sailed from
Algiers this evening on her way to
Manila.
Capistrano, in. a speech of welcome to
the Commissioners, participated in to
day's discussion at Mlasamin. After com
pleting the work of organization there the
commission visited Daguipan.
•Conferences last week with many Mo
ros, Mindanao tribesmen and others con
firmed the members of the commission In
their intention not to substitute provin
cial for departmental government in Min
danao and the Sulu group except by the
organization of the province of Northern
Mindanao. Judge Taft says the. matter
of abolishing^ slavery can and will be
handled deliberately and tactfully, but
that no legislation i affecting polygamy
among the savages is probable.
Manila.
¦ The commission wiil reach Manila on
May 1 fatter establishing provincial gov
ernments in all- the large central Islands
excepting Samar and Mindanao. As soon
as routine business has been disposed of
the- commission will proceed to the or
ganization of every remaining province
in the island of Luzon and will also deal
with the matter of city government for
Governor General Taft, although there
probably will -be a few Filipinos In the
council. -The members of the Provincial
Legislature will-all be appointed. •' v
NAVAL OFFICER A7HO PERISHED AT
CAVITE IN RESCUING SEAMEN
FROM FIRE. '...«"¦
Maneuvers Prova That Military
Cyclists' Value Depends on
LONDON. April 8. — In the volunteer cy
clists' maneuvers ordered by the British
War Office, the attack on London this
morning proved that the military value of
wheelmen is largely dependent on the
weather. The attacking force outgener
aled the defenders, but lost so many men
in the rain and owing to the bad roads
that it was unable to attack in force at
the proDer time.
AMATEUR SOLDIERS O2T
WHEELS ATTACK LONDON
Ne-w York.
NEW YORK, April 7.— Alonzo J. Whit
man, famous from New York to San
Francisco as an expert forger, will to
morrow receive sentence for grand lar
ceny in the second degree, on which
charge he was convicted on Saturday in
the Court of General Sessions. Whitman's
crime was the passing of a forged check
for $100 at the Hotel Navarre. Seventh
avenue and Thirty-ninth street, on Febru
ary 19 of this year. «•
In San Francisco Whitman played tfi«
horses for a time at the old Bay District
track. Soon a $500 forgery caused him to
hurriedly leave California. ¦ i
•-•- — . /
Notorious Forger Caught at JLis Old
Tricks and Convicted in
ALONZO J. WHITMAN"
AGADT IN" THE TOILS
Reports received from Rear Admiral
Remey have shown that Americans, es
pecially, those serving In the fire rooms,
become quickly debilitated and it is neces
sary to send them to the United States
or Japan to recuperate. It is believed that
the health of the Filipinos will not suffer,
because they are acclimated and If they
do become ill It will be an easy matter
for them to recover in the Philippines.
No difficulty will be experienced in ob
taining trained men. During the fall of
1899 Lieutenant Commander J. V. Colr
man, now in charge of the enlisted men a
branch of the Bureau of Navigation,
opened the "Escuela Nautical," or Nau
tical School, to train Filipino youths to
carry on their inter-island commerce
Good results have been obtained from thij
school. There is no law specifically auth
orizing the enlistment of Filipinos, but
it is pointed . out that whether the Su
preme Court adjudges the natives for
eigners or citizens, it makes no differenco
in this case, as almost one- fifth of ths
enlisted men in the navy are of foreign
nationality.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N
W., WASHINGTON. April 7.— Instruction*
have been cabled by Secretary of the
Navy Long to Rear Admiral Remey.
commander in chief of the Asiatic statior.
authorizing him to enlist 500 natives of
the Philippines for service on board
former Spanish gun boats and other small
vessels which are to be maintained ex
clusively in the Philippines. These men
will form the neuclus of an important
service composed solely of enlisted mo.
Rear Admiral Crownlnshleld, Chief of the
Bureau of Navigation, believes that, bo
sides resulting in the Government obtain,
ing efficient service, the employment ot
natives will spread respect for the Ameri
can flag and create a strong feeling of
loyalty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It Is Believed They Will Mak© Sat
, isf actory. Seamen and Tbeir En
listment Will Create Feel
ing of Loyalty.
Five Hundred Filipinos to
Serve on American
Gunboats.
ISLAND NATIVES
FOR THE NAVY
THE SAN FRANCISCO C\LL, MONDAY; APRIL 8; 1901.
• Another, carload i of ~ trunks : and .valises
just 'arrived,, which we 'are selling at'our
carload prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street-
LAKE CITY, Fla., April 7.— J. D.
Taylor, a prominent citizen ' of
this city, has received a letter
.from his son." Lieutenant James
. D. Taylor Jr. of ' the Twenty
fourth United States : Infantry, which
shows that the young man with kindness
and seven cigars won the confidence of
seven Filipinos and obtained the infor
mation that enabled General Funston to
capture Aguinaldo. In a modest, matter
of-fact way the lieutenant tells his father
about his clever exploit and of General
Funston's full acknowledgment of his
services./ The letter, dated at Bantaban
gan, .Philippine Islands, -February 18,
lilOl, is", in part, as follows:: . . •¦ .
On ' February S " seven insurgents, with one
rifle and <- six cartridges, presented themselves.
They were pretty well scarred up, and I fed
them, gave them a cigar each and asked them
a few questions, .and they answered me with
all -kinds- of lies., -.,.,-; . * '
I told them they were tired and, no doubt,
wanted to see their families, so, after signing
the oath of allegiance, they could go. home and
report- the -next, morning : ready to tell the
The' next morning they came'In a little more
at ease and told a different' tale. By ques
tioning I found they had concealed some let
ters In the woods,' and I ; went right out. and
got them. After reading their letters I found
that they had not ' told the whole truth, and
begun questioning them again and found tliat
Aguinaldo was in the town they came from,
and all about him.
'Two days later I got his special messenger,
who had all orders from Aguinaldo to his gen
erals and letters of great Importance. I hur
ried him with all letters out that night at
moonrise. arid in three days he was in Manila.
For my work I received the • inclosed message
from General - Funston.
The . following Is the copy of the orig
inal telegram from General Funston;
SAN ISIDOR, Feb. 13. 7:30 p. m.—Lieuten
ant James D. Taylor, Twenty- fourth Infantry,
Bantabangan:. General Funston desires to ex
press his thanks to and appreciation of your
judgment and energy. In getting the valuable
letters and Information from Aguinaldo s mes
sengers. Also please convey his appreciation
to .your presidente. By command of Brigadier
General Funston.. ¦: ' '. . ..
-•-• E. V. SMITH, A.; A. G.. Fourth District.
FORM OF CIVIL GOVERNMENTS.
-Union of Catholics and Non-Catholics
Will Not B© Tolerated by
. : Montreal" Prelate.- -
Recommendations Prepared- by the
Taf t Commission.
'CAGAYAN, Mindanao,:?. I., April. 7.—
In response to interrogatories from Elihj
Root, United States Secretary of War;
the Philippine Commission has prepared
recommendations . as to. the form of gen-,
eral civil' governments to. be established
for the Philippines on* July 1 and to con-,
tinue until Congress shall have organized
a permanent government for the archi
pelago, v' V ¦ : ' : ¦¦ ¦•£
This temporary civil government is ex
pected to consist of a Governor, a Cabinet
and a legislative council and it is believed
that the members of the present commis
sion will act as the principal advisers of
ARCHBISHOP REJECTS
DECISION ON MARUIAOE
MONTREAL, April 7.— Archbishop Bru
chesi to-day issued a pastoral letter deal
ing with the judgment in the Delplt case:
which declared marriage of Catholics and
non-Catholics legal. ; ¦- . -
"All unions," says the Archbishop,
"contracted" with invaliding Impediment
for which competent authority has not
granted dispensation, even .though civil
power looks upon such untons as valid and
legal- must be considered as null and in
valid! This Is a point of doctrine that
cannot be denied without that faith be
shipwrecked:" •: *
The Archbishop concludes by pronounc
ing sentence of excommunication on all
those who disobey the laws of the church
concerning marriage, reserving the right
to himself and" the Vicar General to ab
solve those who become guilty of such a
fault. • ' - : .
m . ¦ ¦ • .
ITALIAN SQUADRON WEIGHS
ANCHOR, BOUND FOR TOULON
Duke of Genoa; -the Commander, Car
ries' Letters to - President
Loubet of France.
Plague Cases at Caps Town.
LASPEZIA, Italy, 'April 7.— The Italian
squadron sailed , for Toulon ,tp-day in two
division's, 1 the ' first; commanded by the
Duke of Genoa, consisting of six ironclads
and two torpedo boats, and the . second,
under. Rear Admiral Goltelletti, consisting
of seven ironclads ¦ and . one torpedo • boat.
The Duke of Genoa bears an autograph
letter from King'- Victor Emmanuel to
President Loubet. : ..... . .
CAPE TOWN,: April. 7.— During the last
f orty -eight .hours " ten ; fresh cases of
bonic ' plague have been': officially ' fep'ort
ed Of. these four are. Europeans. and. the
others colored persons.- The corpse of a
colored ".person ¦¦ who \ had* died- of the ' dis
ease was found' to-day. WSBBBsSBBUSk
. ¦ -r. .— V - .. "- • ' ¦ - ¦
Another cablegram which reached here
to-day from Mr. Rockhill, the special
commissioner of the United' States, had no
reference to the alleged refusal>of -the
Russians i to receive official communica
tions from the .Chinese Commissioner*-".
As Mr. Rockhill is in a position to know
promptly, what develops • between the
Ministers and the Peace- Commissioners
It ,1s believed he would be prompt to re
port a step of such far-reaching import
ance as the published dispatch from Mr.
Squires would indicate. : .: ; ;
•At the Russian embassy no information
o"n the subject was obtainable to-night. It
was said • there no . communication had
come from the ; office . at St. ' Petersburg
since the Russian - note of several days
ago, which declared "-thatr.: government's
Intention regarding Manchuria, a - story
which , was - handed .to Secretary Hay.'
The impression of the officials at the em
bassy was that" no special', significance is
WASHINGTON. April 7.-The Adminis
tration is perplexed over a cable dispatch
received from Mr. Squires," now in charge
of the American Legation in Peking.
This dispatch, according to a publication
to-day, said that the "Russian Minister
refuses to receive official communications
from Chinese Ministers,' ¦'which carries the
inference that diplomatic .relations be
tween the two countries Interested woul.l
be broken off. The officials are very reti
cent about the - matter, and decline, to af
firm or deny whether it is correctly stated
They will go only so far as to admit the
receipt of a dispatch whose purport was
not clearly understood, for. which reason
It was not given to the press for publica
tion.
Discuss Manchurian Affair.
Russia Simply Befuses to Further
Moreover, several Ministers have -been
insulted by troops of other* nationalities.
Mr. Rockhill and Sir Ernest Mason Sa
tow, the British Minister, were returning
from dinner in chairs, when - the chairs
were stopped by German soldiers, who
proceeded' to beat the bearers. The ladles
of the party were greatly frightened. The
Ministers generally fear that the presence
in Peking of a considerable force of
troops of various nationalities might be
a" source of • International friction. They
are not entirely pleased with the military
proposals of the generals, as they fail to
see the necessity for the demolition of
all forts.
HAS .NOT SEVERED . RELATIONS.
Borne of the i Ministers of the powers
begin to think that so large a force aa
21)00 troops acting as legation guards in
the city proper would be a great mistake.
Such a body ,would have to remain in a
space of one • square mile. The troops
could not be allowed outside the legation
quarter armed, and it probably would
not be • safe for them to go un
armed. It is thought by some of the
Ministers that If the encampment were
made from twelve to fifteen miles away,
with the necessary stores, the arrange
ment would be much preferable, as a tel
egram could bring the troops into the city
immediately. ,
Li Hung Chang says the court is ex
tremely anxious to return to Peking as
soon as the foreign troops evacuate the
capital. • • . ¦ . •
PEKING, April 7.— Mr. Rockhill, United
States special commissioner to Peking,
had a long interview yesterday -with LI
Hung Chang, who satisfied him that there
is not likely to be any further important
hitch in the negotiations for a settlement
between f China and the powers. China
has agreed to the list of punishments sub
mitted by the Ministers of the 7 powers,
asking only one concession, namely, de
privation of office instead of banishment
in the case of a man who Is 70 years of
age. To this the Ministers have 1 agreed.
China and the Powers May Soon
'0f$y Come to Final Terms.
I
JAPAN'S PRIME MINISTER
AND EMPIRE'S REPRESEN-.
TATIVK IN WASHINGTON.
ger. The court appears to be very little
distressed by the sufferings of the people.
It Is still Indulging in amusements. It has
received supplies of silver and rice from
the southern provinces..
NO FURTHER HITCH LIKELY.
Yf ONDOX, April 8.— The Tokohanja
I correspondent of the Daily Mail,
I wiring yesterday and dealing -with
IL-^the attitude of Japan toward Rus
sia's Chinese policy, says: •
"Shipping companies have been ordered
to hold their vessels in readiness for
transport service. Cruisers on the reserve
list have been commissioned for active
service. All leave has [ been recalled and
officers of the first reserve have been
warned for service; There is much popu
lar excitement."
"The Empress Dowager . and Grand
Councillors »ave asked the Tangtse vice
roys," says the Shanghai correspondent of
the Standard, "what course they recom-
Japanese Legation.
WASHINGTON. April 7.— "All the war
like news," says Mr. Ktttomatz, secretary
of the Japanese legation, in an interview
which will be published in the Washing
ton Post to-morrow, "which has been
sent out from Japan by foreign corre
spondents to London and thence transmit
ted, to this country. ar« more or less ex
aggerated and some of them utterly
groundless. - For instance, nothing can be
more false than the report that appeared
on Saturday to the effect that Japan ad
dressed to Russia a note which almost
amounted to an- ultimatum. Now that
China has refused to sign the Manchurian
convention - and Russia has decided not
to Insist upon its- conclusion, . I am quite
at a loss to find out what has given rise
to such preposterous rexx>rts,
."It is very likely that the Japanese
Minister at St. Petersburg should have
given Russia verbal advice that the latter
would better submit the convention to tho
international conference at Peking, and
there is no reason-why Russia should < re
frain from • doing: so. If the convention
contained nothing.* as -has been . declared
by -Russia herself, which .was detrimental
to the Interests of; China. or, injurious to
the interests • of .the .powers concerned.
Japan Is ready to approve or support any
Thus Declares the Secretary of the
Better Terms.
WASHINGTON. April 7.— In her official
note to the powers in answer to the de
mands made by the foreign representa
tives in Peking. China earnestly appealed
for better terms. . A copy of the note has
been receivf d by the State Department. It
says in part: ,. 'il : i
We point out that In the Interior of China
local banditti are to be found everywhere, and,
what Is more, they carry firearms and weap
ons of a similar nature, mostly clandestinely
imported from abroad. Unless Chinese sol
diers, told off to hold them in check, are
armed with efficient ' weapons it would be dif
ficult to maintain order; and should these ban
ditti create disturbances and make . trouble
traders and others, Chinese or foreign, can
hardly avoid being Injured thereby. We would
accordingly request 'that some fixed term of
years be agreed upon, at the expiration of
which purchase would be allowed as hereto
fore. Material for „ the manufacture of muni
tions of v.ar consists of many kinds, and as
far as those which are indispensable for Gov
ernment use are concerned, the Tsung LI
Tamen ought, on. giving notice in writing, be
permitted to buy them as occasion requires.
As legation guards we would earnestly beg
that a fixed number be decided upon and
minute regulations for keeping them under
control be drawn up, so that they . may not
stir up trouble outside of their own lines.
X preliminary- consultation between the
powers as to how many men of each nation
are to be, employed for keeping open communi
cation, what the total number is to be and
what separate points are to be occupied,
should take place and the result communi
cated to us. Further, the powers should draw
up regulations for keeping the troops under
control, so that no cause for alarm would be
afforded to the Inhabitants of the country'
around. Such troops shall be sent solely • for
the protection of foreign officials and mer
chants ; they will have nothing to do with
Chinese territory and Chinese travelers.
The territorial authorities of China have on
repeated occasions had their responsibility as
regards the protection of foreigners Impressed
upon them by imperial decree. Should any
disturbances break out hereafter, resulting in
loss of foreign life or bodily Injury to foreign
ers, those concerned must, of course, be se
verely dealt with In accordance with law.
In assessing indemnities China's resources
must. In our opinion, be taken Into account,
and a broad' and comprehensive grasp of the
entire situation is imperative. . Either some
extended limit of time must be granted within
which to make . payment, or, after careful re
view of the circumstances, a reduction of the
amount demanded must be considered. China's
annual receipts • and expenditures are well
known to the powers, and the present Indem
nities constitute an -extraordinary' addition to
other liabilities. We therefore venture to ex
press the hope that the nations will give their
consent to the adoption of any measures which
China may bring forward with a view to cre
ating additional revenue, such as lacreaslng
the customs tariff, raising the mining duties
or a universal postal, system, introducing the
stamp duty already in operation in other coun
tries.
' m
WAR TALK IS EXAGGERATED.
Earnestly Appeals to the Powers for
mend the ' court "to take in the event of
Russia retaining Manchuria."
The Peking correspondent of the Morn
ing Post, wiring Saturday, says: * '
"The French are' still opposed by the
Chinese r^ear -Haili. but are careful to
avoid conflict, uecause any advance would
be anticipated by. the Germans, whose
patrols are thirty miles within the pro
vince of Shansi and can reach Taiyuen-Fu
at anv moment. '
"At ChingtJagr-Fu the French Intercept
ed a letter from Li Hung Chang to the
goveriwr of Sliansi,- complaining that the
Manchuria convention would have to be
signed because the European powers were
•willing to sit down as usual to watch
Russia devour China. '¦>
"It is asserted on good authority that
Russia is willins to give Japan a free
hand in Korea with a view to preventing
her assuming a hostile attitude."
CHINESE GOVERNMENT'S REPLY
The commanders of several foreign 'con
tingents met to-day at Count von Walder
see's headquarters and decided to raze all
the forts at Taku, Tientsin, Peitang and
Shanhaikwan and along the railway with
in 2(30 meters of the line. It was also de
cided to destroy all camps and arsenals
except the west arsenal at Tientsin, which
will be used as, barracks for the perma
nent military guard. Ten posts '¦ will be
established between Peking and Shan
haikwan, which will be garrisoned by 6000
men. Two thousand troops will be sta
tioned at Tientsin, but 6000' will remain
there temporarily. The number to remain
in Peking has net yet'been decided upon..
Messengers who have just arrived from
Singanfu confirm the repbrts of the rav
ages of famine in that province. It is es
timated that 3000 persons are, dying daily
from starvation. Sixteen public soup
kitchens have been established, but they
are utterly insufficient to relieve the hun-
PEKING, April 7.— A band of foreign
thieves, . Including : two men who . were
dressed as Americans, recently robbed the
house of Lien '-Yuen-, who was beheaded
last August icr advocating peace. ". On
Friday night .a large ¦ armed band again
attacked the house and wounded Lien
Yuen's oldest. son. A number of Chinese
police, with an American patrol, succeed
ed in arresting twelve of. the thieves.
These men were arraigned in the Chinese
court in the American section of the city,
under Major Robertson, who favors the
carrying out o£ the Chinese law, which
requires the 'imposition of the death pen
alty In cases of this kind, but- General
Chaffee, following his previous decisions,
may commute such sentence.
Four armed burglars have been sen
tenced to death by the native court in the
English section, and Major - du • Boulay
probably will confirm the sentence,
though his predecessor, Captain. Selwyn,
was opposed to the extensive application
of decapitation. The natives generally re
gard severe punishment in such cases as
the only preventive of a repetition of
the crime. ¦ ¦•¦...
ishment of the Condemned.
General Chaff ee May Prevent Pun-
proposition, no matter whatever state
makes it, provided it Is just and proper.
"It is believed that the Peking negotia
tions will proceed in perfect harmony, un
interrupted by the Incident caused by the
Manchurian convention. which now
seems to have been fairly settled." ¦
LOOTERS SENTENCED* TO DEATH.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— Democratic
representatives are withdrawing their at
tention from the Philippines and looking
toward China with the expectation of ob
taining some political ; campaign material
for use next winter, when the question of
foreign affairs is under consideration. In
view of the extremely Interesting condi
tions in the far East many Congressional
pilgrims propose to cross the Pacific
Ocean or go by the Cuez Canal route to
China and -Japan and to the Philippines.
As Congress refused to provide junketing
parties," officially called -"select commit
tees " they must make the trip at their
own expense,, or : as representatives of
some private enterprise.
• It is understood that a party Including
Senators ¦ Proctor of* Vermont, ; Bacon, or.
Georgia and Turner of Washington. Rep
resentative John W#sley. Gaines of Tennes
see, and . several others, have made ar
rangements to leave : here the i middle ¦ of
next ; month : to make a . personal survey
of the Chinese question. This party- will
make the trip via Suez Canal "and In re
turning its members propose to visit .'the
Philippines and ; Hawaii. _ ; . " ._
NEW YORK, April 7.— The Sun has this
from' St. Petersburg:/ General yan ; Nov
sKy has been appointed Minister of Pub
lic Instruction in succession of.M. Bos
olyepoff, who died from the effects of a
bullet wound inflicted by a. student.
The Czar has addressed a rescript to the
new Minister, In which he says:
"The experiences of recent years have
shown the existence of . defects -in. our
scholastic system that are so material
that I think .the time has come to. under
take an immediate and thorough revision
and improvement. . Highly valuing your
experience as • a statesman andryour en
lightenment,. I have chosen you to co •
operate -with me in renovating and reor
ganizing the Russian schools, firmly con
vinced that you . will unswervingly en
deavor to attain the goal indicated by me,
and that you will bring to the work of edu
cating the Russian youth cordial sym
pathy and sagacity, > ripened by experi
ence." "',' ''•:'-+'<'*'. '¦',-*¦¦¦- •
AFTER CAMPAIGN MATERIAL.
Absolutely no concern was felt at the
embassy on the subject, the officials ap
parently' being perfectly" satisfied that
the communications referred to relate en
tirely to the Manchurian nuestion.
In other diplomatic circles the report
failed to receive credence, on the general
theory that the interests of the Russian
government In China were too great anil
far-reaching to permit the severance ¦ of
diplomatic relations at this time when
substantial unity on many of the. matters
of negotiation were so promising.
CZAR " YIELDS TO STUDENTS.
attached to the Squires dispatch. Accord
ing to them It simply meant that the
Russians had discontinued further nego
tiations at this time on the Manchurian '
question alone, -which, for the time, is
held in abeyance. .This was in accordance
with the spirit of the official publications
on this matter, which asserted that, re
maining faithful to its original and oft
repeated political argument regarding
Manchuria, "it will quietly , await the
further course of events."
There is no other news ¦ from South
Africa this morning except that a small
party of Boers has reoccupied Philips
town, in Cape Colony.
"It becomes- daily more evident that the
Boers intend to- fight to a finish. Many
are surrendering, but they are men of
no standing.- The real fighting men are
still on commando; and, although the re
cently successful British operations tend
to bring the end nearer, it is evident that
the Boers must be completely crushed
before a general surrender is probable."
It is reported from Brussels that Act
ing President Schalkberger has removed
the seat of government to Leydsdorp. '¦
According to a dispatch to the Daily
Mail from Hilvolsum, Mr. KrUger, who
has just arrived there, has expressed an
intention to go to the United States in
June and visit Washington,, Boston and
Chicago. ' ¦ .
"It is definitely ascertained," says a dis
patch to the Times from Kroonstadt,
dated Saturday, "that ' Generals Dcwet
and Botha met at Vreyde."
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Daily Express reports wholesale arrests
for. treason in Graaf, Reinet and Aber
deen, i' ' . '
The' Pretoria correspondent of the
Morning Post, who warns his country
men against helping for an early termina
tion of hostilities' or believing, the, stories
that the Boejs are tired of ,war/sayf : '-:¦'.
IX)NDON. April 7.— Lord Kitchener has
informed the War Office that eight volun
teer companies, freed by reliefs, are com
ing home and that arrangements are in
progress for the speedy relief of further
companies. He thus appears to be en
deavoring to meet' the demand that fresh'
troops be sent to the front to replace the
stale men. • , ¦. '
British Correspondent Says
•Early Ending of War
Is Impossible.
SPARTAN BOERS
WILL NOT YIELD
Orders seem to have been given by the
Prussian Minister' of the ¦ Interior to sup
press all public mention of quotations
from the Emperor's speeches. At Struyum
during a recent meeting called to prptest
against anMncrease of the corn tolls, the
police dissolved the assembly when i the
speaker cited a sentence from his Majes
ty's speech to the Emperor Alexander
Grenadier Regiment at his first appear
ance on horseback after the attack upon
him at Bremen'. The papers mention sim
ilar instances elsewhere, /-r- .- -:¦:¦¦,-/>•
"My conviction is. especially strong re
garding the Guards and regarding,, this
regiment now present, which is tied: to the
Hohenzollerns by indissoluble bonds, as
the past has shown during the troublous
times abroad and even durins revolution
ary times at home. The authority of the
crown mustbe maintained at all hazards.
Woe to the soldier who listens to the voice
of the tempter!" :..- .
i BERLIX, April 7.7-Careful investigation'
at Potsdam to-day regarding the circum
stances in which ¦ Emperor. William;deliv
ered his latest military address developed
the information that during a review last
Tuesday of a number of military bodies
belonging to the Potsdam garrison, includ
ing the First Regiment." of Fn6"t Guards,
extraordinary precautions { were taken to
prevent any representative of the " press
or any other civilian obtaining knowledge,
of his Majesty's remarks, which. were ut
tered in the- Lustgarten, adjoining, the
royal eastl#. From persons who were
present it was learned that the Kaiser
spoke substantially as follows:
."A hand from out of the people was re
cently raised airainst me, to my intense
sorrow. Evidently serious times are com
ing which . will try our mettle. I kno»v
that the army is true to its traditions and
to the solemn, oath it has taken. 1 know
it will remain steadfast and faithful to
me. ¦¦.'.'
Mentions the Recent -Attempt Upon
His Life in a Speech to the
; Military Bodies at . .
Potsdam. -¦•••.
Speaks of Pate in Store for.
Those Who Plot Against
Sovereign.
GERMAN KAISER
UTTERS WARNING
PURCHASES AGUINALDO'S
BETRAYAL WITH CIGARS
"',¦¦'¦ '' ¦ ' : — ¦ x
Lieutenant's Kindness to Natives Brings
About Eunston's Successful Exploit.
Shipping Companies Are Ordered to Hold Their Ves=
sels in Readiness for Transport Service.
JAPAN IS HURRIEDLY PLACING
HERSELF UPON WAR FOOTING
3
RADWAT'S BEADY BELIEF has etood
unrivaled before the public for E0 years as a.
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
curee all Colds, Sore Throata. Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. - Internally
lor VaUria ana all Bowel P&lns. All druggists.
Thone Main «", Sherwood & Sher-
wood, 212 M ar ke t £ t . , San Francisco
Ask your physician about
Schlitz, the beer that made
Milwaukee famous.
Schlitz beer is even cooled
in filtered air; then it is fil-
tered, then sterilized. It is
well aged to avoid the cause
of biliousness.
From the very beginning
the main object has been to
attain absolute purity. In
Schlitz beer pure yeast was
first introduced in America.-
In the Schlftz brewery are
all the inventions men have
made for protecting beer
from impurities.
The first brewery of Jos.
Schlitz was a hut, but the
beer that was brewed there
was honest. That was fifty
years ago. Today the mag-
nificent Schlitz brewery
forms a monument to that
honesty.
J&r^^&S
That!s all it takes — just 'ten dollars — to get a good suit
made to your measure from seasonable allwool material.
- We are making more of these suits than ever before in
the history of the store. Two' years ago we were talking
about them much more than we are to-day, so it goes to"
prove that the reason of their popularity does not depend
upon what we have snid, but upon what customers have
found the suits to be — long wearing, good fitting, ysightly
suits— and their subsequent orders and the orders of their
friends and others keep our made-to-order department as
busy as possible all the time.
The next time you go up Geary, street notice the large
four-story building on the south side near our store en-
trance. Our made-to-order department occupies two whole
floors in this' large building and still we are crowded. It is
a good thing to know where. your clothing. is- made. We
/would be pleased to show this department.
" Come in and get some samples of these "f
$10 made-to-order suits
,and see what you think of them. • » •
Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through
our self-measuring system — write for samples.
718 Market .Street and
Cor. Powell 5- Eddy Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.It is said the Park Commissioners. of London have
begun breeding butterflies as. park ornaments, but we
would rather have an aquarium.
There is a report among the British troops in South"
Africa that; Dewet's real name is Yanderdecken, and
that he is none other than the old "Flying Dutchman"
himself. ' .•
, At a recent discussion of medical men on •alcohol
ism," Dr.' Dana of Bellevue Hospital, New York,'
stated: "It is seldom the human organism can out
live more than three thousand intoxications"; it would
therefore seem worth while for the habitues of the.
cocktail route to keep tally. .
Phillips, the young gambler in grain, whose opera
tions at Chicago have dumfounded speculators, said
the other day that the market needed a shake-up. He
should^ have a , care that in the upheaval he does not
come in for a shake-down which will be beneficial to
him and to the public. -
It, is reported that 'the labor leaders of Chicago ar»
considering the advisability of having the members
of labor unions wear a uniform .to distinguish: them?
from outsiders', and if the scheme^ be carried out we
shall soon begin to . look like a nation of uniform
citizenhip. . • ' .-V • '
"Wtifris that distinguished looking man
over there with the worried expression on
his face?" -
"Certainly, I would. Why, he wore out
four of my waists . and nearly fractured
my ribs in three weeks. ' Isn't that worth
some •: compensation ?"^-Yonkers States
man. .' "• *
¦ Patience— Is that so that your engage
ment'is broken? ' •
• Patrice— Yes, it is. , :
"And the ring; that's gone, too?"
"Yes; the mean thing asked me to re
turn it." • z
' '!Why, you wouldn't ¦ want to keep the
ring if the engagement was .broken, would
you?" . • :;•
She— Do you believe In this theory
about spreading disease by kissing?
He^-Well, they say there's something
In it. - •
"Did you ever catch anything by kiss
ing a girl?" •• - • • '
"Yes, onc6; her father saw me at it." —
Yonkers Statesman.
/'Have you Moore's poems?" inquired
the sweet young thing. - "I think so. Miss,
I'll look in a minute, replied the clerk In
the bookstore. "By the way, here's a fine
story Just out. \ It's called 'Just One Kiss,'
and—" "I want Moore," she Interrupted,
haughtily.— Philadelphia Press.
"Secretary Root has taken the grip," re
marked Mrs. Bellefleld".
"I should put it the other way," said
Mr. Bellefield. .: : -. V-'V ";:
"How?" - :
"The grip has taken Root."— Pittsburg
Chronicle Telegraph. I
Ella— Isn't that a beautiful sky?
Stella— Yes. What a lovely color for a
shirt -waist!— Harper's Bazar.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
From the Milwaukee News we learn .that the San
Francisco. order is Having- a great vogue in the' East.
It says: "This merry form of hold-up has made
Buffaloes out of nine-tenths of the United States Sen
ate, almost all of the lower house, and worked success
fully on no' less than seven Governors, one of whom,'
Dietrich of Nebraska, paid $20 to learn the .cardinal
principle regarding change. .No less a personage
than Vice . President Roosevelt fell a victim of .the
wiles of a member desirous of getting square, and the
strenuous-lived ' Teddy was ' bunkoed to the extent cf
A certain Colonel Sol Bloom, who is reported to
be authority on the subject in Chicago, is quoted as
giving tins explanation of the order: "The prime
principle of the 'Buffaloes' is never to return anything
given to a member, and all members use their left
hands for everything. For instance, when a member
joins a party of friends, and the crowd adjourns to .1
bar to get liquid refreshments, the one whd holds his
glass in his right hand has . to settle for the drinks.
Should a man give me his watch I cannot give it back
to him, but he may buy it from me by buying refresh
ments for the crowd. In San Francisco, where the
joke started, it was customary to tell a friend you
would initiate him and tell him all the points of the
order for .11. cents. But in that part of the country
pennies are seldom seen, and it is a hundred-to-one
shot he will hand you anything from $5 to $20, ex
pecting to get his change, b\it he doesn't get it. He re
ceives the pleasuteof being with the crowd that help
spend his money. When it is spent he is a full-fledged
'Buffalo/." V^r'-
The Chicago man got into trouble by obtaining
$100 from another citizen of that town by a means
which that other citizen regards as a violation of law
and an offense to "good fellowship. T^he offending
party offered to initiate- the other into the "Order of
Buffaloes" upon the payment of a fee of 11 cents. The
aspirant for membership did not have the exact sum
with him, so he gave up $100 and waited for the
change. Imagine his Chicago expression of pain
when he was told: "The Buffaloes give no change.
You are now buffaloed and authorized to initiate
others." The victim has gone into the courts suing
to recover his money, and there is trouble for the, jolly
Buffalo.'
WE regret to learn from our Eastern exchanges
that a citizen of Chicago has got into trouble
because of a movement which is said to have
had its origin in this city. San Francisco influences
are as a rule so helpful and sweetening to human life
that any exception to the rule, even if it be only an
aberration caused'by individual temperament, is more
or less painful. We present the case of the Chicago
man, therefore, in order that something may be done
to infuse a more temperate spirit into this particular
Californian movement, so that hereafter it will not
hurt anyone whom it may strike, even if he be a
tenderskin as well as a tenderfoot.
A BUFFALO IN TROUBLE.
Witty Bishop Creig-liton.
Once, -when the late Bishop Crelgrhton
was at Tottenham laving the foundation
stone of St. Peter's Church there, he was
asked by a leading local resident how ho
liked the place. "I should. like it better."
said his Lordship, "If some Tottenhamite
had not annexed my umbrella this morn
ing. I don't know whether the experiences
of other prelates are similar to my own,
but it seems to me that a bishop's umbrel
la has a special individuality and is pe
culiarly marked for spoil." This remark;
reminds one of his friends of the im
promptu skit the Bishop Jotted down on
a pad at the. Church Congress In London
In 1899:
The rain. It ralneth every day
.Upon the lust' and unjust feller;
But chiefly on the Just, because *
The unjust takes the Just's umbrella.
-^-N'ew York Tribun*.
. ¦ ¦ ¦ ••
Boston's Poptilation.
An enumeration of the population of
Boston proper and suburban Boston la
Interesting: 1 ¦ •
Percent-
IMvlslon of Boston— Population. • ages.
The city, proper 167.257 29.82
East Boston (Including islands) 45.756 8.13
South Boston 67. SOD 13.09
Dorchester 77,483 13.81
West Roxbury 37.253 6. 61
Brighton 19.279 S.44
Charles'.own .*.. 40.652 7.23
Roxbury ...106.333 13.79
We can only imagine what 'greater Boa
ton is destined to be sometime.— Boston
Globe. _ _¦_ -
King "Edward may not induce Parliament to let
kirn be formally crowned under the title "Emperor,"
but. as he has obtained from the Ministry a report in
fafor of giving him a much larger money allowance
than was given to Victoria, it appears he will have
the substance of imperialism even if he fail to get the,
feathers.
On this coast there is little new to report, A heavy
frost in the middle of the week did more or less dam
age to fruit here and there, but this is a regular annual
occurrence. Light raius have freshened the growing
crops and softened the surface of the ground, which
had been hardened by a week or. two of north winds,
ro the crop outlook is again nattering. The down
town merchants report continued, activity An almost
&!1 lines of trade, with collections up to the average
and money in abundant supply at easy rates. There is
an upward tendency in a number of lines, notably
ptovisions. hogs, hops,. wine, wool, prunes, salt, grain
bags and barley. The only important lines showing
dullness and weakness are hides and dried fruits.
The country's bank clearings showed a gain for the
week of 31.3 per cent over the same week in 1900,'
Milwaukee and Omaha being the only ""important
cif'es to show a loss. The failures for the w6ek were
iSS against 182 for the same week last year. The
failures for the first quarter of the year were more
numerous than during the corresponding quarter cf
1900, but the liabilities were $21,532,000 smaller — quite
a difference. The end of the present prosperity is
evidently not yet in sight.
The excitement in Wall street was intense. There
was such a rush to buy and sell that on one day it
was almost impossible to keep track of the momentary
quotations on the Stock Exchange. The presence of
th.. public in the market was more pronounced than
fo<- years. Everybody seemed bent upon buying or
selling, it made little difference which. It was an out
break of speculative fever. Some stocks went up and
others down, but the general tendency was upward.
During the early part of the week offerings of shares
were extremely heavy, but the public took them all
and bid for more. Toward the close, however, the
efflux was so enormous that even" the fevered demand
y. as satisfied, and the market yielded. The principal
factors of strength were increased railroad earnings,
an easy money market, the continued activity in iron
and steel and the infection communicated to the spec
ulative public by rumors of all sorts of gigantic trusts
and combinations meditated by the vast money powers
*The merchandise staples as a rule were much
stronger. The wool market was apparently working
around into better condition, with more buying and
steadier quotations reported, though the improvement
v as not pronounced. Cotton, too, emerged from its
obscurity and scored a slight reaction, though statis
tics are still against the market. Boston reported
tteadily increasing shipments of boots and .shoes,
though the recent declines in hides and leather tend to
ffiford the small manufacturers an opportunity, to cut
prices if they choose. Provisions continued in light
supply and good demand at all points, with advances
reported fcere and there. The outlook for iron and
steel continued brilliant^Most works are still behind
with their orders and Western wholesalers are com
plaining of the tardy deliveries of farming implements.
INDICATIONS OF ANOTHER BOOM
TRADE seemed to expand to the dimensions of a
boom last week. Just what caused the sudden
expansion is not dearly manifest. But along the
whole line of commerce, from the speculative field in
Wall street to the remorest rural parts of the country,
tie quickened impulse was noticeable. Rains over a
lai ge portion of the country disturbed the retail trade
somewhat, but this temporary halt was completely
overshadowed by the enormous gain in business where
the weather had less effect
A discussion now going on concerning the merit
of the plans upon which the new fortifications are
being made has had the effect of bringing about the
publication in the London Chronicle of a report
made by Sir Andrew Clarke in 1884 when he was
holding the position of Inspector General of Fortifi
cations. The report says: "Spanish guns mounted
in extemporized and well concealed batteries near
Algeciras, or still more effectively near Campo, would
practically render Gibraltar useless to us as a coaling
station. *' * * The only course. left to us in the
event of Spanish hostility during a war with another
power woqld be to land men and destroy the guns.
This would involve operations on a considerable scale,
since it. would entail the holding of Spanish territory
so long as it was necessary to maintain the inviola
bility of Gibraltar Bay. Considering the nature of ihe
country, and that our hands might be sufficiently full
elsjpnrhere, such operations would be extremely se
rious. The pamphlet — 'Las Haves de Estrecho'—pub
lished in 1882 by General Dominguez, shows that the
Spaniards are* fully 'alive to the new power which
long range guns have conferred upon them, 'and if
they : fail to adopt the measures which the writer ad
vocates it will be solely on account of economical
considerations.". %%?: ; u
v It is to guard against such possibilities that the new
works have been undertaken. In fact, it is now con
ceded that Gibraltar itself is not a strong fortress for
defense in modern war. Sir Andrew, suggested that an
effort be made to exchange it for Ceuta or to arrange
to get possession of Tangiers. Neither of these sug T
gestions is feasible, So. Great Britain is doing, her
best. to make the big rock as strong and as useful for
naval purposes as an ordinary, harbor would be:. As
a natural fortress Gibraltar is, a back number.
i — * OT? many a year the Rock of Gibraltar, from
I which Great Britain has guarded and dominated
* the entrance to the Mediterranean, has been re
garded as the world's strongest fortress. The name
has, in fact, become synonymous with defensive
strength, and to say that a thing is as strong as Gib
raltar has been virtually the same as asserting it to
be impregnable. It will, therefore, come as a surprise
to many to learn that recent improvements in military
weapons jhave rendered the famous fortress by no
means a secure defense, and the British Government
is at present expending large sums of money and
carrying on extensive works to strengthen it.
WORK- 'AT. GIBRALTAR.
If the two movements attain anything of success
in the East there will be much encouragement for the
earnest "workers who have been striving to provide
school gardens and playgrounds in California. There
is no land on earth where such things are more needed
than here, nor is there anywhere they can be expected
to yield greater benefits. ; California may not attain
to leadership in either r of ¦¦ the two ; movements, but
neither should she be a laggard. in either. . .. -
' A somewhat similar movement is that for providing
playgrounds in the city. That movement appears to
have had its origin in London, where so much is'be
ing done in the way of improving 'the conditions" of
the poor and giving young men and boys an oppor
tunity,to find an outlet for- their energies in healthful
games and sports rather than in loitering: about the
streets at. night, and engaging in hoodlum ourages.'
In fact some of the more ardent advocates of play
grounds are sanguine that by means of them more
can be done to rid London' of toughs and young hood
lums than by all the reform schools and prisons of
the country. : • «.
. So strongly has the subject been taken. up! in the
East that in several State Legislatures during the past
winter bills were introduced providing for the estab
lishment of such gardens as ; a part of public school
education. It has-been argued by the more zealous
supporters of the movement that even in large cities
similar courses of instruction and recreation might
be given, since the improved facilities for rapid traiy
sit now make it possible for such gardens to be estab
lished in the suburbs and yet be within easy reach of
the pupils of city schools. \ / •
The inspiration of any movement on the Atlantic
Coast comes largely from Europe. It is from France,
Belgium, Holland and Denmark that- ouK. Eastern
Slates are learning the benefits of school gardens. It
is reported that in those countries every rural,or-vil
lage school has its plot of garden ground cultivated
under an educational programme of. study and. of
work. Other countries in Europe are following the
example of those named, and not only Germany and
Austria have been active in the movement, but also
Russia.' ' •.¦.;•!' ; ;-;' • . .} , .,/¦¦_ y
WITH the return of spring the thoughts of the
people of the Eastern. States have seriously
turned to the question 'of providing school gar
dens in the country and playgrounds for boys and
girls of cities and of large towns. We have done much
iu this city and in the State generally toward provid
ing such grounds and gardens, and therefore it will
be of interest to note the progress that is making in
the East. - v :
GARDENS AND PLAYGROUNDS.
MONDAY.,.........;.. APRIL 8 f i90i
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor-
Adfireu All Comnumiwtioai to W. 8- tEAKE, Manager.
MANAb'KH'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»» 2»V4
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Market and Tlttrd, S. F.
Telephone Pre«» 201. !
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Ste-ren«on St.
Telephone Prc«« 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
! Single Copies, 6 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage* r
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), one year **.W
r'ATLT CALL fincludins Sunday), « months......' l-O"
3AILTCAIX Oncludlngr.Sunday). S months 1-50
DAILT CAIX-Br Single Month <So
BCNDAT CALL. One Tear \ l - M
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear l -°*
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
fcnbscrl p'.ionii.
Cample copies will be forwarded when reaueeted.
Mall robscrfberB In ordering change of address should be
particular to c1t« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to inrure a prompt sad correct compliance -with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE. . . . 1118 Broadnvay
C. GEORGE KROGVESS.
Km&gtr foreign AdrertUiag. Marqnett* Bonding, Chisigo.
(Lang Dletance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAHLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. S3IITH 3O tribune Bnlldlns;
NEW TORK NT" "S STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetcrl* Hotel; A. Brentano, a Unloa Square:
acoiray *"» Hoi-eL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bhenaan House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Premofit House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C> OFFICE. ...14OO G St.. X. W.
2I0IITO.V E. CRAXE, Correspondent. .
URAXCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ontll • M o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. €73
McAllister, open until S:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
1:3) o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
eorner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
ontll » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. eor
• mr Tw>Btr-wfona and K>ntuckv. open until 9 o'clock.
GRANT AS A CADET-A. O. S.. City.
U. S. Grant was a graduate of West Point
Academy. He entered that institution In
1839. He graduated twenty-flrst in tho
class of that year, • was commissioned
brevet second lieutenant and assigned to
the Fourth United Stales Infantry at Jef
ferson barracks in 1843. •' '%'•
A LEASEr-H. E., City. If an Individual
gives a lease for nlnetv-nine years of a
piece of property of any value in consider
ation of the payment of $1 by the lessee
it is not a gift nor a sale: It i3 simply
a lease* At the expiration of the ninety
nine years the property would revert in
the absence of a will to the legal heirs of
the lessor.
STATE OFFICERS— C., Ballard. Cal.
The pay* of the Lieutenant Governor of the
State of California is $10 per diem whlki
the Senate is In session. . The Secretary
of State, Controller, Treasurer, Attorney
General, Surveyor General and Superin
tendent of Public Instruction get $3000 per
annum. The Justices of the State Su
preme Court receive a salary of $6000 a
year. Their names and the year whon
their terms of. office will expire ara: W.
H. Beatty, Chief Justice. 1903; R. C. Harri
son, 1903: C. H. Garoutte, 1903; F. W. Hen
shaw, 1 1907; Jackson Temple. 1907: T. B.
McFarland, 1911, and W. B. Van Dyke,
1911.
England's Largest Landowner.
The largest landowner Mn England
proper is the Duke of Northumberland,
who possesses 186,000 acres, mainly, of
course, in the county from which he
takes his title, and he is the only one of
these ; eight-and-twenty great lords who
has not an acre either in Scotland or Ire
land. The largest landlord In Ireland Is
the Marquis Conyngham, who own3
156,000 acres; in Wales "The Prince in
Wales," SirMVatkin Williams Wynn.
whose acres amount to 145.000, is the only
possessor of I more than 100.000 acres who
is not a peer. — London Chronicle. . .
• ¦ ? ¦ ":.''.'¦'¦ ¦
Russian law ¦" allows a man to marry
only four .times, : and he must' marry be
fore 30 or not at alL rm&BBBS&u
METRIC MEASURE— Subscriber^ City.
A 'litre, metric system, does not represent
as much as a quart. ' The difference is
litre, 1; quart, 1.0567.
CITRONS— M. R. S., City. ' Any dealer
in citric fruit can procure for you green
citrons If the quantity desired is suffi
cient to warrant sending out a special or
der.
HARPENDING BLOCK FIRE— O. .G...
Cfity. The fire which destroved the Har
pendlng block on Market street, between
First and Second, In San Francisco oc
curred on the night of September 23. 187L
EMANON-R:, Vallombrossa. Cal. Em
anon, as used to designate the Kmanon
Society of the San Jos* Normal School,
Is from the Latin and means to diffuse.
As used by the society named it means
society for the diffusion of knowledge.
SHORTHAND NOTES— R., Vallombros
sa, Cal.' As high as CIO words for a sin
gle minute have been taken in shorthand
by some of the local stenographers. This
department has not been able to learn off
higher speed than that.
Livermore, Cal. Radchffe Collesre is lo
cated in Cambridge, Mass.
POLL, TAX— w. A. A., city. If you be
came of age on the 26th of last January
you are liable for poll tax this year.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
RADCLIFFE COLLEGE-E. G. S.,
¦ ¦ — — «
Eighth Article of the Series on "The Oppor
tunity and the Man" — The Story
of a Montana Miner.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
• ¦. - The San Francisco Call.
By. Leon f Sliarw.
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
FRITZ AUGUSTUS HEINZE.
Twelve' years ago there arrived in the
great copper mining camp of . Butte a
young man with but . sufficient funds to
meet his' ordinary living expenses for a
period, of three months. His name was
Fritz Augustus Helnze. . - < .
• Born in Brooklyn, N. Y., in 1871, he took
a course of study in geology and engi
neering at an institution in that city, and
then, at .the age of 18, started for Mon
tana. He- soon found ; employment in
Butte with the. Boston and Montana Cop
per-Mining Company as a civil en
gineer at a modest salary. He was thus
given an early opportunity to test his
theories j regarding veins, apexes and
hanging walls, and, incidentally, to study
the entanglements of ownership due to
old," loose! locations and the wide differ
ence in' the sizes of the various claims,
some of which were acquired by the'r
owners under the laws of 1862, while
others were relocations, and yet otherj
were acquired under the present "law.
To his mind there were great mines yet
unappropriated. He felt also that he
could effect large savings in both mining
and metallurgy over the systems in vogue.
So impressed was he with these opinions
that at the end of a year he went to New
York to organize a company. A year was
consumed in this task, during a portion
of which he served oYi the editorial staff
of the Engineering and Mining Journal of
that city.
. Some of His Successes. ,
¦ In 1891 he returned to Montana and be
gan the, erection of a smelter. He ako
leased a "mine and pushed its development
rapidly, accumulating a large quantity of
ore for treatment. Then the owner of the
mine concluded that he was entitled to
better terms for his property than the
contract allowed him, and so instituted
suit for an accounting and an annulment
of the lease, obtaining an injunction
which shut Mown the mine. This appar
ently meant ruin to Heinze, fox in a few
weeks his smelter would be without ore
and his business would be at a standstill.
It seemed probable that his opponent
would soon get possession not only of tho
mine but of the smelter, too. However,
Heinze, undismayed, secured the right to
work the Glengerry mine, a property that
had been in the hands of various persons
and had been abandoned by. each as
worthless.. Heinze went at this new en
terprise with vigor, and within thirty
days was digging out some of the finest
ore in Butte, and in such quantities that
he had to enlarge" his smelting works. ¦
Then he turned on his enemy in the
courts and routed him, . again securing,
possession of the other mine. Within a
few more months he was able to purchase
the Rams mine for 5400,000, a property
which_he had long desired to own, it being
an extension of the great Anaconda lode.
He developed the Rarus on a large scale,
and it was soon one of the leading pro
ducers of Butte. He has recently refuse!
an offer of $10,000,000 for it.
In 1896, learning of the rich strikes of
copper in the vicinity of Rossland, B. C,
Heinze w£nt thither and secured charters
and land grants and built a railroad and
a smelter. Rossland grew rapidly and the
Canadian Pacific decided to build a branch
line to the town, but Heinze's railroad oc
cupied the only available mountain pass
to the new camp from the north. This
railroad connected the leading mines of
the district with his. smelter. The Cana
dian Pacific, discovering that he had the
situation so ¦well in hand, purchased both
the railroad and the smelter, and Helnze
left Rossland with a clear profit of $1,000,
000 and 500,000 acres of timber and mineral
land.
H3a Resists a I>an{rerous Attack.
"While Heinze was in Canada two pow
erful mining companies had attacked him
in flank and rear, laying claim to the
Rarus mine and instituting proceedings In
court to recover $720,000 worth of ore
which Heinze bad taken from it. Thus
originated one of the greatest mining
eases known to the history of the West.
Its trial consumed three months in the
United States Court at Helena and result
ed in a sweeping victory for Heinze.
Then Heinze assumed the aggressive
and attacked the company which was his
chief antagonist and which had been
transferred to New York. Helnze assert
ed that the transfer was Illegal and asked
the court to appoint a receiver for the
company -on the ground that a corporation
whose property was situated in Montana
under the statutes of that State could not
be operated from New York. A receiver
was appointed, and thus the $100,000,000
worth of property belonging to the com
pany was taken out of the hands of its
owners. The Supreme Court of the State
affirmed the action of the lower court,
and thus it became necessary to relncor
porate the company in Montana. Helnze
went even further. He contended that the
60,000,000 pounds of copper which the New
York company had . sold at 12 cents a
pound should be restored to the Montana
company. 1 This meant a liability of about
$3,000,000, at the ruling price of copper, for
the directors of the New York company.
Heinze's contentions . were • sustained by
the court, but the matter has been ap
pealed and is now pending before the Su
preme Court. * ; . • .
Becomes a Great Copper Producer.'
In the meantime Helnze had purchased
more valuable property. He paid $100,000
for a half-interest in the Snohomlsh mine
and $100,000 for the Sullivan mine. Then
he instituted suit against his old enemy,
the mining company, for $SOO,000 which he
asserted to be "the value of the ore ex
tracted from .the Sullivan mine through
one of the company's- mines. He also
bought the larger part of the Nipper mine
for $150,000. These and other claims and
fractions of claims he has since developed
until at present he is producing about
3,000,000 pounds of copper a month, or one
seventh of the amount of copper produced
by the Anaconda, the world's greatest
Coppermine. . '^'-iV*-''' :
Retaliating on an Enemy.
Heinze's enmity toward .the company
that had made the chief attack on him
was unrelentirfg. One form of punishment
inflicted upon it was as follows:
He bought a- one-sixth interest in a
mine for $15,000, his enemy owning the
other five-sixths. He then appeared be
fore the court and asked that a judicial
order, which had been made several years
before, for the sale of the mine, be exe
cuted. This was done, despite the protests
of the other part owner. The mine was put
up at auction, a deposit of $25,000 being re
quired. John MacGinniss, Heinze's chief
lieutenant, paid down the sum and "Will
iam Flannasran, ex-auditor of the Ana
conda Company, also deposited the same
amount. It was generally believed that
Flannagan was bidding for Marcus Daly.
As a matter of fact, he had been brought
from Chicago to assist Heinze, who also
caused the manager of a large Canadian
bank to "visit Butte at the same time. The
bank manager stood by MacGinniss and
occasionally nodded in response to a whis
pered question from that bidder. The rep
resentatives of Heinze's enemy knew
nothing of the comedy that was being en
acted, and they bid eagerly for the prop
erty. Heinze' stood by watching the bid
ding, his plan being to induce the enemy
to buy his one-sixth interest at a high fig
ure. To- his amazement the property was
bid up to $601,000. at which price it went
to his enemy, Heinze thus realizing $100,000
on his $15,000 investment.
Resistance to a Copper Trust.
Numerous efforts have been made by his
powerful opponent to Induce Heinze to
abandon Butte. but this he declares he
will never do. He and W. A; Clark are be
lieved to be the only obstacles to th^ form
ation of an international copper trust.
Heinze avers that he will never join such
a combination, but that he will develop
his mines to the fullest extent and become
the greatest copper producer in Montana.
Heinze has purchased claims In the new
copper district near Helena, and is inter
ested also In the new copper district at
Spring Hill, Bozeman. His every effort has
'been crowned with success, and while he
admits that he has an ambition to add
greatly to his enormous wealth, this mas
terful young man declares that every dol
lar coming into his possession must come
honorably.
Helnze is a power in Montana politics.
He is a writer of promise and an excellent
musician. He is unmarried.
PERSONAL MENTION,
Dr. Dayolheasola of Chicago Is aiate
arrival at the Lick. . '.- ...
Dr. T. B. Henry of Detroit, Mich., is a
guest at the Palace.
W. Wadlelgh, a merchant of Seattle, is
registered at the Grand with his wife.
G. Chlesa, a hotel man of Detroit, Mich.,
is registered at the California with his
wife.
E. H. Paris, a prominent . Honolulu
planter, is among the guests at the Occi
dental. ¦.••"• '
"Willard Teller, a business man of Den
ver, is at the Occidental, accompanied by
his wife.
James N. Wells, a big merchant of New
York City, has apartments at the Palace
with his wife. , ,
H. B. Sprlggs and W. A. Sprlggs, who
are here on a pleasure trip frem London,
are at the California.
Frederick O'Brien, a newspaper man of
Honolulu and formerly connected with lo
cal journals, is at the California with his
wife. ' ' , ' ~
The following interesting machinery
data of the twenty armored cruisers under
construction for the British navy are
taken from London Engineering:
2800 tons. It will be observed that 6-inch
guns have been discarded.' making the bat
tery serve for armor smashing and gun
crew destroying without the intermediary
6-inch gun, which i3 scarcely useful
against battleship armor and too ponder
ous for decimating- less protected gun po
sitions and* for which work the 14-pounder.
is better adapted.
Details of dimensions and armament of
the Victor Emanuel, a battleship, shows a
departure from prior armaments and
speeds in the Italian navy. Her dimen
sions are: Length, 435 feet; breadth, 73.5
feet; draught, 25.05 feet; displacement, 12,
625 tons. Tho battery will be composed of
two 12-lnch. twelve 8-lnch quick-firers,
twelve 14-pounders. twelve 3-pounders and
four submerged torpedo tubes. The armor
will be made In Italy under the Terni pro
cess, and will be 10 inches to 4 inches for
the belt; deck. 4 inches; bulkhead and bar
bettes, 8 inches; side, 6 Inches; conning
tower, 10 inches. The engines, of 20.000
horse power, are calculated to give a speed
of 22 knots, and the bunker capacity is
The Kangaroo, a torpedo-boat destroyer,
is the twelfth thirty-knot vessel built by
Palmer for the British navy. Her three
hour trial last month resulted In an aver
age speed of 30.1S4 knots, the engines de
veloping 6477 horse power, with 379.85 revo
lutions and an air pressure of 2.8 inches.
• •;¦."•
The British battleship Implacable re
turned March 13 from her thirty-hour trial
at sea under 12,000 horse power. "With 260
pounds of steam in the boilers and 100 rev
olutions the horse power averaged ll,So7.
giving a speed of 15.75 knots. The coal con
sumption was 1.65 pounds per unit of horse
power. . ** v Jv»s*
v • • •
The Italian armored cruiser Varese,
built by Orlando Bros., Livorno, has
passed successful trials. The six hours
trial under natural draught gave 94 > 9
horsepower and a mean speed of 18.36
knots. Under forced draught, four hours,
the horsepower averaged 13,885 and the
speed 20.02 knots. The \arese Is of i40O
tons and fitted with Belleville boilers.
• • •
Forty-nine ships in the British navy ar»
fitted with Belleville boilers and slxteea
vessels, chiefly armored, were also to have
these boilers, but the recent report^ by a
Parliamentary committee against the
further use of the Belleville will necessi
tate a change in the ships under construc
tion. The Admiralty pays a royalty of 1
shilling Vk pence (39 cents) per square foot
of heating surface, which amounts to
about $730,000 between December, 1S06, and
up to the present time.
• • • .. •
A small protected cruiser named Szlget
war has been launched at Pola for the
Austrian navy. She is a sister vessel to
the Zenta and Aspern, and has a displace
ment of only 2400 tons. The length is 301
feet, .breadth 39 feet' 6 inches, draught 14
feet 2 inches. The twin-screw engines jftre
of SOCO horsepower, intended to give a
speed of 20.5 knots. The ship has a pro
tective -deck, and the armament consists
of ten 4.7-inch rapid flrers, twelve three
pounders and two above-water torpedo
tubes. The coal supply is sufficient for
3500 miles at a speed of twelve knots, and!
the ship, being intended for foreign serv
ice, has the hull wood-sheathed and cop
pered.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
Thus the victory is with the people upon every
point at issue, and the thanks of the public are there
fore due to the, men who had the courage to resist
the exactions of the -.ompany and make the fight fgr
the vindication of the law. Should a similar contro
versy arise in the future, it is to.be hoped it can be
brought to a prompter decision. The people have not"
forgotten how quickly the courts brought to a de
cision the unconstitutionally of the income tax im
posed by the Wilson act; and they have been curious
to know why the validity of all other acts affecting
the people as a whole could not be decided with an
equal promptness. It would seem that law questions
arising from acts of national taxation might be given* 1
the right of way in ill courts so that the practice of
tax shirking could be stopped at once.
Concerning the war tax itself the decision' of the
court upholds the view taken by The Call that it was
the plain intention of Congress that express com
panies and not the public should pay the tax.; Upon
that feature of the 'question the court said: "If a
decision upon this point had been necessary, we enter
tain no doubt that but one conclusion could have been
reached — that this duty is primarily upon the carrie-.
The language of the act seems to foreclose any con
troversy upon the matter."
That declaration of the law is one of which the pub
lic should take due note, for it is hardly likely that it
is in the matter of war^taxes only that'Wells, Fargo
& Co. have made arbitrary exactions upon some ship
pers and not upon others. All such exactions are 1 ille
gal, and if the parties 'imposed upon resent and resist
the wrong, the courts will grant a remedy."
It is to be noted that the decision of the court is
based upon a principle that affects more than the war
tax. It is a decision that express companies cannot
exact from the public, or from a portion of the public,'
anything more than their regular charges.- Referring
to the particular case before it, the court said: "Here
it is true that the exaction is small, amounting to oniy
one cent, but, if the principle is good, it would apply,
eqrally well if the amount were large! Being an arbi
t;j.ry demand of the' company, that is to say, a demand
which it could waive at pleasure, it would mean, if
the principle contende-i by an appellant be upheld,
that one shipper mights receive the services of the
express company upon payment of the regular charge,
while others for the same service would be compelled
to pay varying sums, arbitrarily exacted, in addition to
the regular charge. So stated, and we think the state
men^ a fair one, it will not need discussion to show
that' the principle is em neous, and that this may not
be done. ,Each and every shipper is entitled to the
services of the company upon the payment- of the reg
ular charge for the same service."
It is to be regretted that the slow machinery of the
courts has so long delayed the decision; that the ex
press company has with almost complete .impunity
been permitted to violate the law and profit by illegal
exaction for more .than two years. It is, however,
a consolation to, know that at last the law has been
vindicated and the fact made known that the statutes
cf the country cannot be set aside or be treated with
contempt by corporations.
BY the decision of the Supreme Court on Satur
day, to the effect that Wells, Fargo. & Co. and
other express corporations must pay the war
revenue tax imposed upon express shipments, a not
able victory has been- obtained for the people . over
the tax-shirkers. Every point of, the contention of
The Call against the greed, the partiality and the ille
gality of the tax-shirking*corporations'has been sus
tained. Wells, Fargo & Co. have been violating the
law from the start— have in fact been virtually ex
torting money from the public. So says the Supreme
THE TAX-SHIRKERS BEATEN.
In all of that there is so much of general satisfaction
that the Chicago mishap' must be regarded as truly
deplorable, and it is to be hoped the case can be
settled out of court. In our sympathy with the Chi
cago victim, however, we must not overlook" the fact
that he is himself much to, blame for the bad habit of
carrying $100 bills around with him" for pocket change.
A man who is guilty of that practice ought to be
taught ' a lesson, and perhaps on the whole the price
he had to pay for it was not too large.
$5 on the day of his inauguration by^a Chicago poli
tician, who had been previously 'buffaloed.' Andrew
Carnegie was caught in it to the extent of a silver dol
lar, and John D. Rockefeller separated himself from a
quarter to learn the mystic secret of the order."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1901.
/'That's Colonel Timms. He's our rich
est citizen. He's also. a trustee of our lo
cal college.": C . ,
"But why does he look so careworn and
anxious?".. . .
¦ "Because - he's in a constant •worry for
fear John D. Rockefeller will give the col
lege'a big wad: of cash on condition that
the trustees raise as much more!"—Pitts
burg Dispatch.. ¦ . -¦
',..',.,: ,Cbrona<fo Beach Tent City.
Coronado Beach, California, will oeen the 1901
summer season June L 'Write for a descriptive
pamphlet. E.' S.> Babcock, ! Coronado,"" CaL f.
4
There are six of the Cressy class, . four,
of the Crake and ten of the Kent class.
The Cressys have a 6-inch armor belt
maximum thickness of HVa feet height of
side and protects 80 per cent of the length
of the vessel. The belt of the Drakes Is
6 Inches by 14 feet height of side and pro
tects 80 per cent length of ship, while that
of the Kents is only 4 inches thick, pro
tecting 76 per cent of the length of hull.
The total cost' of these twenty armored
cruisers will be about 578,000,000, exclusive
of EUns. ''.':' ¦': ;
Machinery Data. I Cres3y
Horsepower 21,000
Cylinder, high pressure,
inches 36
Cylinder, inter pressure,
inches S3
Cylinder, low pressure (2),
inches 6S
Stroke, inches 43
Revolutions 130
Piston speed, feet 480
Belleville bolters v . ........ SO
Heating surface, s\v feet— 51.500
Grate surface, sq. feet.... 16.50
Weight of machinery; tons 1,800
Weight per horsepower.... 11.87
Coal, tons 1,600
Cressyl Drake
rV
Drake | Kent
30.C0O 22,000
n to
81% 63
43 43
120 140
420,- 610
4*:. \A\
71.970 5O.30O
23.10 18.10
J.500 -1,730
12 12.56
2.500 1.600
Kent
Machinery Data. I Cres3y
Horsepower 21,000
Cylinder, high pressure,
inches 36
Cylinder, inter pressure,
inches S3
Cylinder, low pressure (2),
inches 6S
Stroke, inches 43
Revolutions 130
Piston speed, feet 480
Belleville bolters v . ........ SO
Heating surface, s\v feet— 51.500
Grate surface, sq. feet.... 16.50
Weight of machinery; tons 1,800
Weight per horsepower.... 11.87
Coal, tons 1,600
Cressyl Drake
rV
Drake | Kent
30.C0O 22,000
n to
81% 63
43 43
120 140
420,- 610
4*:. \A\
71.970 5O.30O
23.10 18.10
J.500 -1,730
12 12.56
2.500 1.600
Kent
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Choice candies, To wnsend" 3, Palace Hotel.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
¦ ? ¦
Best eyeglasses, 10c to 40c Look out for
81 4th, front of barber atore and grocery. •
¦ ¦ t m ¦
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by the
Press CMpplngr Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • •
The splneter of Connecticut who disin-
herited an adopted child and left $7000 to
two dors may have expected them to howl
The emulsion not only is
food itself; it gives strength
for digesting usual food.
If the milk is scanty or poor,
the emulsion increases supply
and enriches quality.
Well send you a little to try if you like
SCOTT & BOWNE, .« P-il*^, New York.
NURSING MOTHERS
want Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil, almost without ex-
ception. So before they get
to be mothers, eating for two
is no small tax, continued for
months.
Grand Opera-house— "Cinderella."
Columbia— "More Than Queen."
Central— "Ingomar."
Tivoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Tennessee's Pardner."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•vening.
Fischer" e— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Races.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. H. Chase & Co.— Tuesday, April 9. at 11 o"clock.
Horses and llules. at 1732 Market street.
Ey G. H. Umbsen— Thursday, April IS, at 12 o'clock. Busi-
ness Property, at 14 Montgomery street. '
Call *i»i>scriber« contemplating a. change ot
residence during the summer months can have
turlr puper forwarded by mall to their new
addmiin by notifying Tlie Call Uusincsa Office.
This par>cr will nlno be on »alc at nil summer
reaorta and i« represented by n local agent in
all towiik on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.ROSAMOND SPEAKS
DISMASTED BARK
All Topmasts, Save the Jig
ger, With Everything
. Attached, Gone, i
Disabled Vessel Is Seen Abqut Twd
Thousand Miles Off Shore and j
. Heading for San
Francisco.
- It is many a year since the dismasting
of deep water vessels in the month of
March was of such frequent occurrence in
the Pacific as now. The cases of the Otto
Guildermelster, Willscott and Olympic
are only a few weeks old, and their mis
haps were all. discussed again yesterday,
when the news; came that another dis
masted vessel was off the coast.
The matter was' reported by Captain
Ward of the schooner Rosamond. The
Ottillie Fjord, twenty-four days from
Mahukona, and -the brig. Consuelo, seven
teen days from.Kahului, also arrived, but
neither of ' them saw the vessel, in dis
tress. The memorandum of the Rosamond
is as follows: ,
March 20.— Passed a' four-masted Iron vessel
with the lore, main and mizzen topmasts car
ried away with everything attached. She had
a reef ed . foresail and mainsail, two staysails
and a reefed spanker set. The spankennast
was intact. The wind was easterly and the
vessel was .heading about north by east. She
was about ten miles oft and displayed no sig
nals. , . : '. ¦ .. . - . -. '
"The passengers who came up on the
Rosamond say the dismasted bark was in
ballast. J Mortimer Stevens of the Ha
waiian Advertiser was a passenger on the
schooner and says the vessel was painted
black and that her > water Une, could be
seen from the deck of the Rosamond. A
good breeze was blowing and the stranger
seemed to be making good headway for
San Francisco. There was one yard left
on the fore, two on the main and one on
the mizzen mast. ' •'
When sight'ed by the Rosamond the bark
must have been about 2000 miles off Santa
Barbara. Being in ballast if would look
as if she was from one of the nitrate
ports, but the fleet coming from South
American ports is hardly due and none of
them fit the bill. As the crippled vessel i3
right in the track of shipping the chances
are that some of the fleet bound here from
the islands and Australia will bring in
her name. ¦ . ¦ • - .. '
The schooner Mary Etta went to sea
Saturday night, but had to put back
owing to the strong northwest breeze that
was blowing.
The ship John McDonald, now out 203
days from Baltimore for San Francisco,
is considered a poor risk even by the
gamblers, and the underwriters are pay
ing 75 per cent to reinsure their chances.
.An electric launch for use at Catalina
formed part of the steamer Hawaiian's
cargo from New York. It was launched
yesterday, and. when fitted out will go
down the coast under Its own power.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, April 7.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, — hours from Monterey.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 68 hours from New
port.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, 4 days from Oyster
Harbor.
Stmr State of California, Jepsen, 57 hours
from Victoria.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson 71 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Noyo, Hansen, 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 44 hours from San
jDiego. .
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes, 4 days from Na
naimo. ' •
Stmr ' George Loomls, Bridgett, 42 hours from
Ventura,
Br bark Cambusdoon, Roberts, 175 days from
Antwerp.
Brig Geneva, Aas, 7 days from Grays Harbor.
Schr Una, Harkins, 58 days from Panama,
Schr Rosamond, Ward, 18 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
SAILED.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Sunday, April 7.
Stmr Hyades, Garlich, Seattle.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Navarro, Hansen.
Stmr Balaena, Leavltt, whaling 1 cruise.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, GuaymaS.
Stmr Greenwood, Kaseriund.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, Manila, via Honolulu.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Ship Oriental, Parker, Pyramid Harbor.
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, HIlo.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman. Bihlers Point.
Schr Winchester, Anderson, Unga.
POINT LOBOS, April 7 (10 p. m.)— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Rosamond, from Honolulu — On
March 29, laf 35 N, longr 155 W, passed a four
masted iron vessel with fore, main and mizzen
topmasts and topgallant masts carried away.
Vessel had set a reef topsail and two main
topsails and a reef spanker. The spanker
mast and spanker topmast standing-. Wind
easterly and vessel heading about NE and ten
miles Off. No signals displayed. , - .
MISCELLANEOUS.
COOS BAY— Launched April 6— Bktn Alumna.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLiOW— Sailed April 7— Schr Phll
lni>ine, for Honolulu.
"PORT TOWNSBND— Passed in April 7— Br
ship Senator, from Victoria for Puget Sound;
schr Joseph Raloh, from Victoria,
SEATTLE — Arrived April 6 — Stmrs Oregon
and Al-Ki. from Alaska. „
EUREKA— Sailed April 7— Stmr Westport,
for San Francisco."
VENTURA— Sailed April 7— Schr Peerless,
for Port Townsend.
ASTORIA— Arrived Asril 7— Br stmr War
field, from Port Los Ang-eles; Br ship Talus,
from Santos. ' _
Sailed April 7— Br ships DImsdale and Swan
hilda, for United Kingdom; stmr Universe, for
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived April 7 — Schr.
Joseph Ralph, from Victoria.
FOREIGN PORTS. *
- YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 6— Japanese stmr
America Maru, hence March 15.
SHIMONE8EKI— Sailed April \ 6— Br stmr
Indrapura, for San Francisco. ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 7— Stmr Servia,
from Liverpool ; j stmr ' La • Champagne, from
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 7 — Stmr
Etruria, from New York for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived April 7 — Stmr
Koenig Louise, from New York; stmr Vader
land, from New York. |
HAVRE— Arrived April 7— Stmr La Gascogne,
from > New York. .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 7— Stmr Cymric,
from New York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
city previous to the happy day. and it is
the plan of the young couple to enjoy a
week's honeymoon In Southern California
before hurrying on to Chicago.
If Lyllyn' s wedding was hurried it was
not on that account altogether. Her dear
old- friend, Rufus Billings Page, stripped
his pretty place in San Leandro of all Its
wealth of blossoms, and with his own
hands erected the rose bower under which
the happy pair were married.' <
Mrs. Mathias' trousseau contains many
beautiful gowns. One especially handsome
evening dress is of- white net all embroid
ered frith gold and Brazilian beetles.
Glistening on the low-neck bodice is a
handsome gold medallion, studded with
sapphires, which was one of the many
gifts of the groom. Another elegant gown
that is sure to attract unusual attention"
is of apple-green velvet embroidered in
gold. Ah opera cape of rainbow shaded
velvet and finished off with a full chiffon
ruff is by far the prettiest wrap in Mrs.'
Mathias' trousseau. •
I hear that the forty-one gentlemen who
enjoyed Mr. Cheesborough's hospitality
and with him said "Au revoir" to Gteorgre
Crocker on Wednesday evening- grew en
thusiastic about the wonderful table deco
rations that graced the immense round
table. It was all banked with San Rafael
roses and those glowing copper-colored
blossoms were a sight to rouse any one's
artistic soul. I only mention the decora
tions because it Is so unusual for men to
become enthusiastic over floral arrange
ments — a thing they usually leave the
ladies to rave over.
The society concert on Tuesday evening,
for the benefit of the Seaman's Institute,
to be held at the Hopkins Art Institute,
is sure to attract the most fashionable
audience ever brou&n together at Hopkins.
The boxes which sold at $50 per have all
been bought up. Mrs. George Crocker, be
fore leaving for the East, sent in her
check for a box. , ¦
The programme to-morrow evening 1 is to
be divided into two parts, And during the
intermission the guests will be extended
the privilege of the institute. The whole
place will be brilliantly illuminated and
there will be the chance of seeing the
Hopkins collection of pictures as well as
listening to an unusually fine musical pro
gramme. . .
TO SAIL.
; Pyrography machines, ; skins for burning
and -wooden novelties. *, New lot and : low
prices. Sanborn, Varfl & Co., 741 Market
street. BBraEi0BHfiH"E&9iStitiL±6$
Killed by a Bailroad, Train.
TRACY, April 7.— "Windy" Hayes, a
well-known, character in LIvermore Val
ley, was run over and killed by the Ba
kersfield local train this afternoon. \ / He
was herding "stock near town,' and" it • is
supposed that his horse threw him while
crossing the track.
Durphy Arrives j in Oregon.
PORTLAND, Or., April 7.— B. F.. Dur
phy, who was arrested in Eureka, Cal.; on
March 21 by an' Oregon deputy sheriff on
a charge of bigamy, arrived here -to-day
in custody of ari officer.. Durphy was ad'
mitted to bail in the sum of $1000.
SACRAMENTO. April 7.— H. H. Johnson
shot and instantly killed William Baker
at 8 o'clock to-night in the saloon kept
by Johnson and Rufus E. Derr, at May
hews, a few miles east of Sacramento, on
the road to Folsom.
Baker and a man named William Dolan
had spent the early part of the evening
drinking in Samuel Pugh's saloon at
Perkins, a couple of miles west of May
hews, and it is said were heard to utter
threats that they intended to go to John
son & JDerr's j>Tace at Mayhews and
"clean out" the establishment. It appears
that the grievance of the two men lay in
the fact that last summer Johnson . &:
Derr had brought an attachment suit
against Dolan. The latter and Baker
were fast friends, and when Dolan . re
turned from Wheatland to-day they maOij
common cause of Dolan's troubles and de
nounced the Mayhews saloonkeepers in
strong language.
It is thought that some traveler on the
road to-night brought word to Mayhews
from the scene of the Perkins saloon reve 1
that trouble might be looked for. At any
rate, when Dolan and Baker arrived »t
Mayhews, Johnson was ready to receive
Perkins. Deputy Sheriff Hinters, who live?
in the vicinity, placed Johnson under ar
rest. Coroner McMullin has left Sacra
mento to secure the remains of Bakev.
Dolan' Is a young man, as was Baker. '"
them. Two young men named McDer
mott and" Maxfleld were out In front of
the saloon and Dolan and Baker forth
with engaged them in a quarrel. "While
this disturbance was at its height Baker
and Dolan called upon Derr, who, besides
being part owner in the saloon, is a
deputy constable, to come, out and stop
the row. : It is believed that this move
was a ruse from the start to bring Dei: 1
out of the saloon and leave Johnson . in
there alone to make , the cleaning out
process the easier. As soon as Derr came
out a rush was made for the saloon.
Derr drew a revolver and warned the. in
truders to stand back.. Baker paid no hesd
to him but made in the direction of John
son, who was behind the bar. ¦ ¦.
"Stop where you 'are," , cried Johnson,
raising a shotgun, "or I'll shoot."
Baker still moved . . forward, however,
and Johnson discharged the weapon in his
face. The shot severedithe jugular. vein
and caused death. ; , - . *
Neither Dolan nor Baker was prepared
to fulfill their alleged threats, since no
weapons were found on them, and If th'-y
felt equal to the task of demolishing th-' 1
saloon It must have been -due to the. in
fluence of the liquor they had imbibed at
William Baker Enters a Saloon at Mayhews for the Alleged Pur
pose of "Cleaning It Out" and Is Shot.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
AM sure no trouble can come to a mod
ern bride after marriage. She has all
her troubles before she marches proud
ly down the center aisle to a Men
delssohn accompaniment.
I don't believe there Is a girl who has
had more responsibilities during the past
few weeks than pretty Charlotte Cun
ningham, who on Wednesday night is to
wed Lieutenant Kessler. Lottie has been
attending to all the details of her wed
ding, and her woes have been trying and
many.
The last serious problem the sweet
young bride-to-be has encountered is
the flowers her bridesmaids are to carry.
First it was decided that they were
to carry roses. Then one fair bridesmaid
discovered that roses were covered with
thorns, and that thorns meant disaster
when maids wore fluffy chiffon dresses.
A substitute for roses had to be found,
and carnations were agreed upon. Now,
this is not the season for carnations, and
no florist, would promise that he could
furnish enough carnations for nine bridal
attendants to carry..
When carnations were out of the ques
tion Easter HMes were mentioned with
favor. The scheme was to have the girls
carry great big bunches pressed "close to
their sides, like sabers. At first some girls
opposed the Easter lily proposition. "Too
much like a funeral," they said. They
were finally made to look with favor upon
the lilies, and then the florist killed the
proposition. "Couldn'.t get enough lilies
after Sunday," he said.
I have no further information on the
question. The last time I saw Charlotte
she knew her attendants were to carry
some flowers, but she was waiting for a
lucky inspiration to help her solve the
fragrant problem.
• • •
I never saw anything daintier than the
decorations at the dinner given last even
ing by Mrs. Maurice Casey in honor of
Charlotte Cunningham and the fortunate
lieutenant whose name she will shortly
wear.
It was a Dink and white dinner and the
pretty oval table was made beautiful with
baskets laden with pink roses and white
BULLET FROM BARTENDER'S PISTOL
KILLS A THREATENING VISITOR
Lyllyn and Mr. Mathias were to have
been married after Easter week; only the
court calendar interfered. The groom,
who is a prominent attorney in Chicago,
had a big case coming up and knew it
could not be disposed of, until long after
the arranged wedding day. So he had an
obliging judge postpone the case three
weeks and hurried out here. When Mr.
Mathias reaches his home In Chicago with
his bride it will be seen that he made the
best of his time. He spent a week in this
I never saw a more simple and impres
sive ceremony than the one which made
sweet Lyllyn Ruggles Mrs. Lee Mathias.
And back of it all there wag that pretty
romance that hurried the wedding day,
and which, I am sure, we all thought of
as we heard the two loving hearts plight
their troth.
The gift that -caused this all-round Joy
was nothing more nor less than a baby
picture of Miss Baxter. Tevis' fiancee
went up to Taber's last week to be pho
tographed, and there learned the delight
ful news that they had a baby picture of
herself, taken when she was about 2 years
old. Miss Baxter carried the picture of
her baby self off in triumph and that
same evening presented it to Hugh Tevis.
The baby picture of Miss Baxter shows
that the fair miss was born a beauty. Her
soft, rounded face, great blue eyes and
marvelous complexion were just the same
when she was learning to walk, with the
aid of a chair, p.s they are now. The soft
blonde down that crowned the baby head
has giveh place to a wealth of golden
hair. Otherwise ' years have neither en
riched nor robbed the beauty in any par
ticular.
Beautiful Cornelia Baxter gave her
fiance her first present the ' other day.
Tevis was more, than delighted with the
remembrance from the fair one whom he
loves best of all, and the prettiest part
of my story is that the present caused
both the happy tfonor and the fortunate
one to whom it was given an equal
amount of pleasure.
ilematis. Eighteen guests enjoyed a de
lightful menu. The principal topic of con
versation was the approaching wedding,
as was to be expected, with the bride, the
groom, the maid of honor and one of the
bridesmaids. Miss Kate May Dillon,
among those present.
Folsom Loses.
FOL
team
Bake
11 to 9.
FOLSOM. April ".—The Folsom baseball
team met defeat to-day at the hands of
Baker & Hamilton of Sacramento. Score
31 to 9.
VEINS OF GOLD
IN A LOST MINE
Arizona Prospectors Dis
cover a Famous Old
Treasure Field.
Ir. a Shaft Hidden by Bocks and
Shrubbery Flakes of the
Yellow Mital Are
Abundant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 6.-Hllary Dock-
Bon and Jacob Bush, two prospectors who
went into the Xavajo reservation when it
was cpened to miners two months ago,
have four.d the famous lost mine of Bald
Rock.
Bush reached Holbrook on Monday ana
renewed the stocic of provisions. He and
Dockson, he pays, made no particular ef
fort to locale the traditional treasure
vault, and, in fact, had not believed in its
existence. They were prospecting on the
south eide of the Carriso Mountains, near
the head of the Gothic wash, in the ex
treme southern ?art of the reservation,
when they came upon the entrance to the
ehaft. hidden by large rocks and bushes.
The two men followed the shaft down for
fifty feet and found a series of tunnels
reaching as far in several directions. On
all sidCs of the shaft and tunnels were
streaks of gold-bearing ore, some of it
showing free gold In large flakes.
From all indications no human being:
had been in the mine for years, but many
wild beasts had made their dens there.
The underground workings were foul with
thousands of bats, and snakes had taken
up their abode near the entrance.' It has
uiv.-aya been the belief that the Navajos
obtained a steady supply of goid from the
famous lost mine, but it is likely they
abandoned it when the supply of visible
trt'e gold began to dwindle. It is the
opinion of the discoverers that the mine
will prove fabulously rich and that the
original workings did not reach the best
bodies of ore.
According to general belief the Bald
Rock mine was first operated about forty
five years ago, and it was aoout two years
later when the party owning and working
It was attacked by Indians, who have un
til now persistently refused to allow min
ing in tnelr territory. Oc>e Peterson, the
only member of the party who succeeded
in escaping, told of the tremendous wealth
of the mine, but could never relocate it.
"Pogleg" Smith, the famous owner of
the mythical "Pegleg" mine, was thought
to have got gold from -the. Bald Rock
mine. Smith was known all over the West
in the early days. He had prospected
every range in the Sierra Nevadas, and
often struck it rich. For a lone time he
lived in Southern Utah, and from some
source had obtained a big bag of gold
<lust. His hospitality was known for hun
drfds of miles around, but never to his
best friends would he give up the secret of
his gold. For nearly a year he was in the
Navajo reservation, and it was the gen
eral belief that all his ¦wealth came from
there. Smith was always able to elude
the watchful Indians, although they suc
oecded in keeping out nearly all pros
pectors.
THE SAN FRXnCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1901.
5
SOCIETY: ABOUT BRIDES AND SOME OF THEIR TROUBLES
FIRST PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN IN THIS CITY OP MISS, CORNELIA BAXTER, FIANCEE OF HUGH TEVIS.
THE GOWN IS THE ONE SHE WORE WHILE PERSONATING THE QUEEN OF. THE SLAVES OF THE
SILVER SERPENT AT THE DENVER CARNIVAL. .
* *
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Newburg...-..- Grays Harbor.. .;. Apr. 8
Coronado Grays Harbor Apr. 8
Matteawan.... Tacoma Apr. 8
Ventura. Sydney- & Way Ports.. Apr. 8
Alliance... Portland & Coos Bay... Apr. 8
Argo •¦"• Coquille River :. Apr. 8
China China and Japan Apr. 9
Eureka Humboldt Apr. &
City of Para... Panama & "Way Ports.. Apr. 9
St. Paul. i New York via Panama. Apr. 10
Columbia...... Portland and Astoria... Apr. 10
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Apr. 10
Corona Newport Apr. 10
Santa Barbara Humboldt Apr. 10
Nome City San Pedro.... Apr. 11
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 11
Grace Dollar... Gravs Harbor ! Apr. 11
Santa Rosa.... fan Diego Apr. 11
Point Arena... Point Arena Apr. 11
"Walla Walla.. Puget Sd & Way Ports Apr. 12
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ..'. Anr. 12
\V. H. Kru&er. San Pedro.....': Apr. 12
Robt. Dollar... | Seattle Apr. 13
Mandalay...... Coquilfe River Apr. 13
Crescent City. . 1 Crescent City Apr. 13
Steamer.
I
Destination.
{Sails. I Pier.
April S. .
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.... Humboldt .......... 10 am Pier ,2
Pomona...... Humboldt :.-........ 2 pm Pier 9
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
April O.
Arequlpa..*... Valparaiso & Way. 12 m S.W. 2
North Fork.. Humbcldt ...... 9 am Pier 2
Lakme. .:.... Seattle & Tacotna. 5 pm Pier 2
City Sydney.. Panama & Way... 12. mJPMSS
Argo :...' Coquiile River .... 4 pm'.Pier 2
Arcata........ Coos Bay ...12 mJPier 13
Honskong Si China and Japan.. 1 pm t'MSH
Bonita/-. . . • • • Newport .'. ft 9 am Pier. 11
Alliance' .- Ptld and C003 Bay. 5 pm Pier —
April 1O. , ; .
Coronado..... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Barb... San Pedro ..". 2 pm Pier 3
Queen.. .••--• San Diego .:. 'J am Pier ll
April 11. •:
Jfewburg Grays. Harbor . — pm Pier 2
Eureka....... Humboldt .'.. 9 am Pier U
Stato of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
April 12., W .
W Kruger.'. . Tillamook • Bay : 5 ptn Pier 13
Corona....... Newport '....:.....,.. 9 urn Pier 11
, April' 13.' • •¦ .• t
Columbia....' Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 5-1
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pmlPier i
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Newburg...-..- Grays Harbor.. .;. Apr. 8
Coronado Grays Harbor Apr. 8
Matteawan.... Tacoma Apr. 8
Ventura. Sydney- & Way Ports.. Apr. 8
Alliance... Portland & Coos Bay... Apr. 8
Argo •¦"• Coquille River :. Apr. 8
China China and Japan Apr. 9
Eureka Humboldt Apr. &
City of Para... Panama & "Way Ports.. Apr. 9
St. Paul. i New York via Panama. Apr. 10
Columbia...... Portland and Astoria... Apr. 10
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Apr. 10
Corona Newport Apr. 10
Santa Barbara Humboldt Apr. 10
Nome City San Pedro.... Apr. 11
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 11
Grace Dollar... Gravs Harbor ! Apr. 11
Santa Rosa.... fan Diego Apr. 11
Point Arena... Point Arena Apr. 11
"Walla Walla.. Puget Sd & Way Ports Apr. 12
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ..'. Anr. 12
\V. H. Kru&er. San Pedro.....': Apr. 12
Robt. Dollar... | Seattle Apr. 13
Mandalay...... Coquilfe River Apr. 13
Crescent City. . 1 Crescent City Apr. 13
Steamer.
I
Destination.
{Sails. I Pier.
April S. .
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.... Humboldt .......... 10 am Pier ,2
Pomona...... Humboldt :.-........ 2 pm Pier 9
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
April O.
Arequlpa..*... Valparaiso & Way. 12 m S.W. 2
North Fork.. Humbcldt ...... 9 am Pier 2
Lakme. .:.... Seattle & Tacotna. 5 pm Pier 2
City Sydney.. Panama & Way... 12. mJPMSS
Argo :...' Coquiile River .... 4 pm'.Pier 2
Arcata........ Coos Bay ...12 mJPier 13
Honskong Si China and Japan.. 1 pm t'MSH
Bonita/-. . . • • • Newport .'. ft 9 am Pier. 11
Alliance' .- Ptld and C003 Bay. 5 pm Pier —
April 1O. , ; .
Coronado..... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Barb... San Pedro ..". 2 pm Pier 3
Queen.. .••--• San Diego .:. 'J am Pier ll
April 11. •:
Jfewburg Grays. Harbor . — pm Pier 2
Eureka....... Humboldt .'.. 9 am Pier U
Stato of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
April 12., W .
W Kruger.'. . Tillamook • Bay : 5 ptn Pier 13
Corona....... Newport '....:.....,.. 9 urn Pier 11
, April' 13.' • •¦ .• t
Columbia....' Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 5-1
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pmlPier i
AMUSEMENTS. '
A GREAT EASTER BILL!
TREVOST AND PREVOST. HAl/sTEFHEX3
AXD CO.. JOSEPHINE GASSMAN AND
I HER PICKANINNIES. GEORGE H. WOOD.
FULLER. MOLLER AND BURKE. HAMIL-
TON HILL. THE GIRL OF QUALITY. THD
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. TSCHER-
NOFF"S MARVELOUS DOG CIRCUS.
P.eserved Seats. 23c: Balcony, 10c: Opera Chairs
and Box Seats, 50c
Matinees 'Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at X.
The Most Popular of All Comic Operas.
Hertata ts "Alral C«ax" Whee!»a as "Hoot Maa."
"HOOT MON."
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
Tuesday. April 9— BENEFIT CAL. EYE AND
EAR HOSPITAL.
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 50o
Telephone— Bush 9. '-•-,-'
vULUHIB IM LEA015Q THEATRE
TAalMICHT AMD FOR
I U a nlUll 1 TWO WEEKS,
C3r NOTE THE CHANGE OF TIME. \ >
Evenings at 8— Matinees at 2.
Blanche Walsh,
America's Distinguished Emotional Actress,
MORE TtwT QUEEN.
An Imperial Spectacle. Founded on the Ro-
mance of Napoleon and Josephine.
THE ORIGINAL NEW YORK PRODUCTION".
MAGNIFICENTLY RICH.
HISTORICALLY CORRECT.
GRAND' OPEPfcA. MOUSE:
ALL THIS WEEK, ":' '
Our Brilliantly Successful Easter Spectacle,
"CINDERELLA."
INTRODUCTION OP THE NEW EASTER!*
BTOCK COMPANY.
Miniature Stage and Vaudeville Entertaln.Tient.
Morosco's Shetland Ponies and Tnelr Baby
Offspring. "¦¦» ¦¦,';>«•:
The Fairy Coach-The BeU Ballet.
Magnificent Scenery. 'Ccstunies and Effect*.
10O People 100.
Ponies on View in Lobby of Theater.
I-RICES— 10c. 13c. 25c. 50c. Few Seats at 75«.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees Good Orches-
tra Seat 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
BEIMSCO **» THALCSjfeffig.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Second week engagement, America's Tragedian,
Supported by the Central Stock Company.
Superb production of tbe beautiful play,
"/7VCOM/1/?."
A powerful cast. Superb ensemble.
PDirCV EVENINGS 10c, 15c, 33c, We
1 ilftCO MATINEES 10c, 15c. V*
NEXT WEEK— Spectacular production of
"JULIU3 CAESAR." | •
fi.TH EAT R &mT
TONIGHT BEe¥s LAST. WEEK
TENNESSEE'S ,*»
Bret
PARDNER^ K-
BEST PLAT OF THE SEASON.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week, "0D SUSANNAH."
CHUTES_and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Barnes' Cog and Ponv Show.
! SCOTT AND WTXSO2*, COAKLEY
AND HTJESTED, AL A1TD MAMIE
ANDERSON", " V • .
I All Direct From the Orpheum.
MIBIAK AINSWOBTH, NEW MOV-
ING PICTTJEES.
LEAB MiY^he Giantess.
AMATEUR NIGBT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
RACES^r
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
WEEK APRIL S to 13.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
: Wednesday, hurdle race; Thursday, handicap,
3-year-olds and over. $300 added; Saturday—
BIO DAY— Steeplechase and Colts' Trial
Stake?. $25C0 added. «
NEXT WEEK SEVERAL BIG EVENTS!
First Race Daily, at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend Sts.— 7, 9:30
11:30 a. m. ; 12:40. 1. 1:30. 2 p. m.
Returning; leaves track 4:13 and thereafter at
short intervals. 'Kear cars reserved for ladles
and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE). H K
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. POWER, Racine Secretary.
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOtnUIi O Admission IOc.
Laura Lopez, Murphy and Hart. Ketcey Sis-
ters. Mabel Martin. Tom Mack, Melville Ccak-
ley and Hlnrlchs" Orchestra. Reserved Seats,
!3c Matinee Sunday.
nil inp These hotels pos-
l Ul fllir ses s the attributes
that tourists and
Q n (j travelers appreciate
wliU —central location,
PP A Kill nbcral manage--
UltnivU ment, modem ap-
IlfiTJMfl pointments and*
H 11 I tLo« perfect ctxisine,
IIU I l-LUj American and Eu _
$811 FranClSCO. ropean plans.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrcdlslac and Spec:*!
Tcnic for the Sexual Organ*, tor both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS U BRUNE. Agents,
S23 Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars,!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ' Jtut 'Ready.
..••«•»• *¦- • • »*} • » \
:^ ¦ ¦ :;
: v^ :
A Tremendous Story
of the
Wheat Growers and
(he Railroad.
Page & Co.
54 Union Square. N.Y.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE «rf$Si JjM^ITILJJ
222-224 S UTTER ST.
. We are the sole distributers for
the famous Adams Springs Mineral
Water, located in Lake County, Cal.
The medical profession in -general,
and thousands of living testimonials,
will attest to the benefits derived
from the use of this water. Bottled
at the springs with its original gas.
For indjgrestion. liver or kidney trou-
ble—try it. See special price below.
SPECIAL RFDUCTIONS
MONDAY-r-TUES£AY— WEDNESDAY.
Adams Springs Water dz qts $1.93
Reg. «9.95 dz q's. rc ZH n f a C7 «
Peg. $r.75cs5o qts.es i\i qis si.id
We allow $1 50 on return of case with
empty bottles. .. -. ; » ; t
Batter, finest crezmery 3!*- sq 29:
No C. O. D. orders for butter only
will be filled during this sale.
Coffee; Oriental gg*- 21bs5!c
A high-grade blend. Roasted and
ground fresh dally.
j "Jrowfl"Port and Sherry 4 bis $I.G0
Regularly 50c bottle. The old famous
brand.
Sardines, jj:*£*,- 8t j^- 2 liis 25c
Extra large % size; finest quality; ex-
-ceptional value.
~o ans a la Vatel [£*• tin I2|c
Very piquant; Sardines with pickles
- and truffles.
Olive Oil, "Lucca" g£ Wg bat 482
¦ ¦ Xi. L. & Co.'s imported.
Vinsgar, white wine Jf *; gal 35c
Our best
Vin;|ar, cidsr £§*• gal 2fc
Horseradish Mustard £?£ a!c jar Kc
Bsrax Soap. WSS&IS&i cks 25c
For washing woolens, flannels and
other delicate fabrics.
Frnnes, Cal. French f 2 e fc. 3 lbs '25c
"icme" Malt Whisky, f|«; bot Vc
For medicinal use.
Corn, "Goldea Qac ea" 3 cans 2:c
Regularly 10c, $1 dozen:
Extra Eastern, regularly $1.15 doz.
Cherries in Marasch'm, lrg bat 55c
Regularly 65c.
Fan de Cologne. £§£; bot 50c
i Johann Maria Farina.
Smoke Lebenbaum's "VELAS-
QUEZ" fine Cigars.
TEETHwithoutPLATES
$5.00.
Serviceabls bridgework to replace
lest'testh by expert workmen, i
Chalmers Dental Co.,
San Francisco. 133 Powe'I St,
®V!M, VIGOR. VITALITY forMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of th*
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power, NiKht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, mm n Vericoce^or Con-
Etipation, Stops Ne^ fJ rvoua Twitching
of, .Eyelids. Kffectf^Z. -Jr^, are immediate.
Impart visor and CENTS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restore small, ur.develooed organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
box; 6 for J2 B0 by mail. A written guarantee
cSla^^^d^s^^^^M^fY S£
40 Ellis St., San. Francisco. CaL GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third at.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY)
T CJr ' The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe \
M ' _^IlLj^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
' ffjyBKB disease posMi vely eared by tbe oldest T
0 l~$ ffal Specialist on the Coast Est 36 years. Q
1 flfff?! DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
f fS'SfSa Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
I ' I TlSY* H Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
I {f^ll Positive Cure in eyary case undertaken. T
, 1 P S II A w "te for B°° k - PH I LOS OFU V of i
I" I (I 1™ B4SBIACE, MAILED FREE. (AT
fl Jl valuable book for mm) A
I I>B. JOBDAJf « CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. F. V
DR.MEYERS&CO. <0S%% •
Specialists. Dia- $5%$jf
ease and Weakness 2£e& j&
of men. Estab- /Ssl
lished 1SSL Consul- W MS X33W \c*^
tation and private \ol^t. 1 JLe%k
book free, at office iwfcM jSvmsL
or by mail. Cures Wftk&$K&
guaranteed. 731 NsaW^S
Market street (ele- . A ;K3w%3 '
v a t o r entrance). --y&tSj^^X
Ban Francisco. ,*S§nKSS?Mr"fflME£S?»
I Jflr FAVORITE "
Jl FORWE4RWOMEM. I
V W.T. HESS,
HOTAET PDBLIC AKD ATTOaHEY r AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, 'Room 1015. Claua SpreckelS Bids
, , : Telephone Brown 9J1.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
¦'. San Francisco. -
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS
STRICTURKS end-analogous complaints of th
Oreans of ¦ Generation. ¦
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by flrusslsu.SAN FRANCISCO WINS THE
ODD GAME OF THE SERIES
SOME OF THE FUNNY SIGHTS
AT' YESTERDAY'S BALL
.GAME.' ; ;- . \
Knell, r. f 4- 0 1 0 10
Totals ...J...33 5 8 2 27 13 2
• RUNS AND HITSjBY INNINGS.
San Francisco- 0 l v 0 0 2* 0 1 0 0—4
Base hits .'. 0 11 0 2 2 2 1 0—9
Sacramento ...0 0 4 0 0 0 0 1 * — 5
Base-hits l'o 2 0 0 113 *— 8.
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen 1, Doyle 1.
Two-base hits— Hanlon 2, Hildebrand, Me.
Laughlln. Sacrifice hits— Pabst. Holland. First
base on errors — San Francisco 1, Sacramento 4.
First base on called balls— San Francisco 2,
Sacramento 4.- Left, on bases— San Francisco 6,
Sacramento 8. Struck out— By Whalen 1, by
Doyle 2. Time of .game— Two hours. Umpire—
O'Connell. Official scorer— McFarlin.
. - -" I ¦ • ¦ ¦ '• .
MORNING GAME.
Sacramento 4, San Francisco 6.
Over at Freeman's Park yesterday
morning the Oakland enthusiasts shouted
at the, Sacramento and San • Francisco
teams in the first game of the season on
the; other side of the bay. Fireman Fitz
turned on the curves for the 'Wasps and
Red Dog Devereaux was on the slab for
the Senators. '
. Devereaux was exceedingly good v f or
a time, no bunching of hits being prac
ticed upon him, but in -the eighth inning
there came a tidal wave of slashings right
i and left. A half dozen hits made Dever
eaux look like half of thirty. cents. Fitz
patrick, elevated in wind by his homt
run performance — over the left field he'
sent the spheroid— also fell from grace.
In this same inning he was peppered for
three hits, as many runs resulting. The
score: ¦'¦"• >r."f /
SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand. cf '. 4 1 1 0 1 10
McHale, rf ...5 1 0 1 3 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 5 0 1 0 3. 2 0
Krug. ss ...4 1 3 13 1 1
Holland. If 4 110 2 0 0
Pabstl lb 4'1 1170 0
Graham, c 4 0 2 1, 6 2 0
Reiyy. 3b 4 0 10 2 3 0
Fitzpatrick, p ...... 4 1*1 0 8 3 0
Totals 38 6 11 4 27 12 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO.A. E.
Devereaux. p 4 2 3 1 1 3 0'
r Sheehan, 2b 4 0 1 0 0 3 1
Eagan, ss .4 1 2 0 1 4 0
Courtney, 2b ... 3 0 10.1 40
i Hanlon, lb 4 0 10 11 0 0
..t..?..T~!..t..T..?..t..t..T..t..T..T..T..T..?..?..?..T..T..I..?..!"T-!~:-4
Score of 2 to 1.
McLaughlin, If ..... 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Doyle, cf :.. 4 0 10 6 0 0
Ford, c -. 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Knell, rf 4 1 10 0 0 0
Totals 34. 4 10 1 27- 15 1
• RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 4 0—6
Base hits 0 Oil 11 1 6 0—11
Sacramento '. '.. 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 3 0—4
Base hits 20 191213 0—10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible f or— Fitzpatrick 3. Dever
eaux 5. . Home run — FitzpatrJck. Two-base
hits — Holland, Devereaux 2, Knell, Eagan,
Doyle. First base on errors — San Francisco 1,
Sacramento 1. First base on called balls— San
Francisco I. Sacramento 2. Left on bases— San
Francisco 6, Sacramento 4. Struck out— By
Fitzpatrick 3. by Devereaux 1. Double play —
Hlldebrand to Schwartz.. Wild pitch—Fitzpat
rick. Time of game-Two hours and five min
utes. Umpire— J. O'Connell. Official scorer—
H. S. McFarlin. - , *
ELEVEN INNING GAME.
Oakland Defeats Los Angeles by a
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES, April 7.— In an eleven
inning game to-day Oakland defeated the
home team by a score of two to one.
Oakland's victory was largely due to the
excellent box work of Moskiman. Twelve
local men ¦were left on bases, the Los
Angeles contingent being unable to find
the visiting pitcher. The Angels out
batted and outfielded the visitors. The
score : . , : '
AB. R. BH..SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. 2b... 3 0 0 0 4 2 1
Hutchinson, lb 4 0 1 0 13 0 0
Householder, c. f 5 0 2 1 6\0 0
Swindells, r. t ... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Spies, c 5 0 0 0 6 2 0
Reilly, 3b .....4 0 2 0 1 2 0
Kelly, s. s 4 12 12 2 0
Bowman, 1. f 5 6 0 0 1 0 0
Jones, p ..4 0 ..' 0 1 0 6 0
OAKLAND.
Totals .....38 1 7 3 *33 14 1
•Two men out when winning run was scored.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f 5 0 1 0 ,3 2 0
Francks, s. s 4 0 0 0. 2 2' I
Arellanes. 2b 4 0 0 0 5 0 1
Babbitt. 1. t 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Moore, 3b 4 0.1 0 3 2 3
Held, lb 4 0 1 0 14 0 0
Moskiman, p 4 12 0 16 0
Lohman, c 3 " 1 0, 0 4 4 ;0
Russeir, r. f 2 0 0 0 10 0
Streib. r. t 1 0 0 0 0 ' 0 0
Totals 35 2 5 0 33 16 6
KUNS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0001000000 0—1
Oakland 0 0 0 0 i 0 0 0 0 0 1—2
SUMMARY.
' Three-base hits— Kelly, Moskiman. Two-base
hits— Householder, Reilly." Stolen bases— Jones,
Swindells. Double play— Kelly to Brockhoff to
Hutchinson. Struck out — By Jones 5, by Mos
kiman -2. First base on called balls — Off Jones
2. off Moskiman 6. Hit by pitched ball—Swin
dells. Passed ball— Lohman. Time of game-
Two hours twenty minutes. Umpire— Donahue.
• London newsboys are now ; prohibited
from yelling; forth the contents of their
wares. .
Umpire Sheridan.
SAN JOSE. April 7.— "Jack" Sheridan,
the .well-known baseball umpire, who has
been spending the winter here, left for
Chicago yesterday to accept a position
with the American , Association for the
season. The National League also made
a bid for his services. . He will receive
$400 a month and expenses, the largest
salary, ever paid an umpire. :
RUNAWAY . HORSE DRAGS
TWO PERSONS INTO A RIVER
Becomes Frightened and Plunges
From Bridge and a Mother and -
•Child Perish, ' '
MILWAUKEE,' Wis., . April 7.— Mrs. Mi
chael Chart of the' town of Lake and her
7-year-old'daughter Mary were drowned In
the Kinnikinnic River at the Kinnikinnic
avenue. bridge in ¦: this city , to-day. . They
were in -a' buggy drawn by a young,-ner
vous horse. As they neared the bridge,
which was open for repairs, the horse be
came frightened and ran away, plunging
over the embankment into the river, drag
ging the buggy and its occupants ¦with it."
Mr. Chart was saved, but the mother, and
daughter - were caught . by the buggy ' top
and carried to ; the ; bottom , of . the < river.
The bodies were • recovered ¦ later '. in the
day.
TWO BROKERS DISAPPEAR
WITH LARGE AMOUNT
Extravagant Living Said to Have
Led to the Downfall of Trusted
. Finn. ,-
COLORADO SPRINGS, April 7.— A. B.
Moulder and George C. Cheeseman, brok-
ers of Colorado Springs, disappeared two
weeks ago and warrants have been issued
for their arrest on charges' of defalcation
It is said that .the stocks and securities
belonging: to their clients and embezzled
by them amount to $50,000. They did
business under the name of»the Moulder-
Cheeseman Investment Company, and
were- supposed to be in good : financial
condition.
: Their downfall is N charged by their
friends to extravagance of living. * Mould
er, is a. bachelor and was a prominent
clubman here. Mr. and Mrs. Cheesemar
were social leaders. No clew to the where
abouts, of either of the mentis to be had
by the . officers.
Britisli Premier in Prance.
NICE, "April 8.— Lord Salisbury has ar-
rived at Bealciliu. He .was but little af
fected by; the journey from. London.' *,
Cadets Play Ball.
The League of the Cross Cadets Base
ball League opened its season yesterday
afternoon at the Sixteenth and Folsom
street grounds with two games. A large
crowd was present and a great deal of
enthusiasm was shown. The first game,
at 12:30 o'clock, between Companies H anu
N, 'was very one-sided and resulted in a
victory 'for Company N of Oakland.
The game at 2:30 o'clock, between Com
panies I and L. resulted in a vietory for
Company L of Mission Dolores parish.
Following is the score by innings:
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Company N' 6 3 3 2 1—13
Base hits 2 4 0 12—9
Company H 00 0 0 0—0
Base hits ... 0.0 0 2 0—2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Company L 2 0 0 0 0 3 T4 •— 16
Base hits ..;.... 3 0 0 0 12 3 3.*— 12
Company I 000001060—7
Base hits 00131 11 0 5 0—11
LONDON, April 7.— The various sec
tions of the market last week were, as
was natural, under the influence of. the
Eastertide holidays. Nevertheless, . a : fair
business was done, especially in American
securities, in which there have been enor
mous realizations. The latter went along
with a regular bear, scramble just before
closing Thursday, at which time the' tone
was strong, prices finishing a little under
the best figures of the week. *• ',
* Among the increases on the week were
Chicago, Milwaukee and St.' Paul, which
rose 6% points, New York Central and
Hudson River 6, Illinois Central 5%, Louis
ville and Nashville 5, Atchison, Northern
Pacific 2%, Pennsylvania 2*4, Union Pacific
and Erie 2. " _ ' . • ¦ -
Canadians also attained better figures
on the report that energetic effort is be
ing made to fight the American steel
trust. . There was no demand for silver:
The price has fallen to 26 15-16d per ounce.
India is no longera buyer and isnot like
ly soon; to resume purchases, as the In
dian Government ha s • av large | reserve.
Money, was In short supply, until -just
before the close of: the week, when short
loans were negotiated at 3 per cent, the
rates for flxturers ranging from 3>4 to 3*3
and for. three -months' bills from :3k
to 3S g . ' .
BERLIN, April 7.— The subscription of
the German imperial | loan did not: mater
ially affect : the money - market. The pri
vate rate of discount fell % on the week
and call money reached 3V4*. The' tendency
now is to easier money. - - /
'¦ According to the Vossische : Zeitung, the
French subscriptions alone covered the
imperial loan fourfold, the subscribers be
ing chiefly monks, who are selling French'
rentes for investment here. Several of the
largest Berlin 'banks each over-subscribed
the loanrv- 'tjBtatMSa^MWfWtWMii^aw
Domestic Government funds varied very
slightly.' closing -unchanged on the week:
The market ; is expecting • heavy sales of
the new loan to realize a profit above. the
subscription. , ." ¦ , - .: .
Western Securities Have
Enormous Realizations
in London Markets. .
BEAR SCRAMBLE
FOR AMERICANS
Handball Games.
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following games were played yester,
day morning and afternoon:
P. Basch and M. Berwln 21 it 21
T.McManus and M.. Morton 14 10 8
P. Ryan and M.' Joyce 21 18 21 13 21
W. Williams and D.. Connelly.. 14 21 17 SI 13
W H Sieberst and Ed White. 21*21 14 17 21
G.'Keely and W. Fisher.. 17 19 21 21 M
M McNeil and P. McKinnon 21 21 21
G. McDonald and P. Mclntyre .... 20 15 16
M Mahep and M. Dillon 21 21 21
G. Hutchlnson and J. McDennott 17 12 14
C. Lakin and Ed White........ 21 1J 21 17 XI
W'. H. Sieberst and J. Smith.. 12 21 15 21 11
M Kirby and E. Barry 21 13 21
D. Regan and J., Kirby 15 21 18
TV". Magulre and J. Hartow...-. 21 21 13 13 21
E. Curley and E. Maloney..:... 17 18 21 21 13
J." 'White and J. Collins 21 17 n 21
J. C. Nealon and J. Rlordon 19 21 17 18
¦ BUTTE, Mont./ April 7.— Medical ' ex
amination of the body of •' nine-year-old
Evelyn Blewett, whose body was nearly
consumed by the fixe in the cabin of
John Warne, the aged watchman at the
Walkerville reservoir, was taade to-day
It demonstrated beyond doubt that the
child had been killed. The back of the
head was crushed in as by a blow from
a hammer, and the neck broken.
Warne is in Anaconda, having been tak
en there by private conveyance early last
night, when word* reached the jail that a
mobywas forming at Walkerville to lynch
him. It is likely he will not be - brought
back till ready for trial, and possibly an
effort will be made . to remove the case
to another county.
Medical Examination Shows
;' That Evelyn Blewett
Was Murdered, i]
CRUSHED SKULL
KILLED CHILD
At Schuetzen Park.
SAN RAFAEL, April 7.— The fine
weather attracted many marksmen to
Schuetzen Park to-day. The California
Schuetzen Club, the Vereln Eintracht an-1
the Gruetli shooting section held the'r
regular shoots. The scores were as fol
lows :
California Schuetzen Club, medal shoot —
First champion class, D. B. Faktor, 219. 206.
Second champion class, O. Bremer, 218, 208.
First class, H. Schroeder, 213. Second class.
Captain G. Tammeyer, 213, 207. Third class,
J. C. Walker, 193, 187.
Verein Eintracht. medal shoot — Champion
class, R. Stettin. 3S9. First class, O. Ludewlg,
359. Second class, K. Auer, 327. Third Class,
C. Waldau, 207. First best shot, John Young,
.24. Last best shot, O. Ludewlgr, 23.
Verein Eintracht, bullseye shoot — A. Rlemen
schneider 545, Captain F. A. Kuhls 592, O.
Ludewig 1789, L.. Schmidt 1905, H. Schwei^er
2027, L. Scheib 2173. C. Auer 2182, O. Thlele
2SS0, C. von Hartwlg 2S06. J. Young 2300.
. Gruetll shooting section— Champion class, A.
Gehret, 440. First class, A. Hlnterman. 2S7.
Second class,- Th. Slmmen, 389. Third class, O.
Imdorf, 280. Last best shot. A. Gehret, 24.
Gllndemann medal, John Brugger. Brehm
medal, O. Imdorf. ;
'•The annual picnic of the Pile Drlver-s'
and Bridge Builders Union No. 1 was held
at the park to-day. A large crowd attend
ed, and spent the day in feasting anil
dancing. (Jl ' ' ¦'¦¦-•'.:: i;
Twenty-eight horses were burned to
death in a fire that destroyed the stable
of the J. B. Bocarde Draying Company at.
960 Brannan street at about 10 o'clock last
night.
The fire was discovered by Watchman
James Brady, who telephoned to . . the
nearest fire-house, as the alarm box did
not answer. He then woke up Charles
Glynn, a stableman .. who sleeps In the
stable, and they succeeded in rescuing
thirty out of the fifty-eight horses in the
building. ¦ . •'
A man named Phil Riley rushed into the
burning : building . and attempted to save
some of 'the animals on the upper floor.
He was hemmed in by '.the -flames . and
compelled to jump from the window ... to
the sidewalk. When he struck the street
he was unconscious, and. Sergeant Wolf
ran and dragged him to a place of safety.
He was sent to the Receiving Hospital for
treatment for asphyxiation, and then sent
to his home.
The building was valued, at $5000, and
was owned by John D. Soreckels. ¦ ¦ The
loss of the draying company is about as
much more.
Animals Succumb to Flames
in a Brannan-Street ¦
Stable.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Sacramento 5, San Francisco 4.
O- UT of the series of five games in
which San Francisco and Sacra
mento have been crossing sticks
during the week past the local
team has taken the odd trick. The
closest of all the. games was that played
yesterday afternoon which ended in a vic
tory for the visitors- by a score of 5-4, a
fitting wind-up to'the season's prelude on
the diamond.
By sure and steady playing- the game
progressed smoothly until the last of the
third inning, when the storm gathered
about the heads, of the local diamond ex
perts. The Senators then fell upon
Whalen for a couple of hits and, with tho
assistance of San Francisco errors, scored
four runs. Devereaux received free trans
portation privileges to the first station
and stole his way to the midway point,
crossing the rubber on an error of Hilde-.
brand, who dropped a fly from Eagan's
bat after a long run. Then Courtney hit
and Hanlon followed with a double.
Pabst, by a glaring error, helped the
bad work along and when the spasm was
over the boy at the bell worked off four
clangs on the quiet Sabbath atmosphere.
The local team scored in the second in
ning and in the fifth raised the enthusi
asm of the bleacher congregation by a-1
dlng two runs to the list. McHale it was
that did it and he did it well. Reilly and
Whalen had worked their way honestly
to third' and second when McHale came
to the batj After two strikes had been
called he swung and landed. Reilly and
Whalen dallied with the rubber. Tho
run that tied the score is a short tale— :
Hildebrajid a double and Schwartz a
single.
In the eighth the deadlock was spilt
in simple fashion. Hanlon entertained
the "vast concourse'/ by a double turn
and McLaughlin did the very same thing
in pure imitation. Krug and Graham
unloaded another piece of spectacular
fielding in this inning. With the bags
filled and two men entombed Graham
threw to Krug to catch Knell nappinir."
McLaughlin, who was on third, starte 1
to come homeward and -was caught be
tween the plate and the three-quarter
sack. The score: .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.^E.
Hlldebrand. c. f..... 4 1 2 01 o'l
McHale, r. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2 b 4 0 1 12 2 0
Krug, s. s 4 12 14 5 1
Holland, 1. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Pabst, 1 b 3 0 1 0 7 0 1
Graham, c....: 4 0 10 6 3 0
Reilly, 3 b 4 1 0 1 0 3 1
Whalen. pi 4 1 111 10
Totals ..; 33 .4 9 4 24 14 4
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, s. s 3 1 1 1 4 4-1
Sheehan, 2 b... 4 0.0 0 0-30
Kagan. 3 b 3 1 11 10 0
Courtney, o. I.. 4 11 0 3.1 0
Hanlon, 1 b 3 2 2 0 12 0 0
McLaughlln, 1. f.... 4 0 10 30 0
Doyle, p 4 0 10 0 3 1
Ford, c : 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
TWENTY-EIGHT
HORSES BURNED
Blue rock— Janssen. 19: Phillips. 13; Robert
son, 20: King. 17; Hoyt. 18: reudner. 21: Thom
as, «; Lewis. «; Burrell. 16; Gordon. 1«; Geish
man. 14; Forster. 18; Iverson. 19; Herringr. 13;
Fisher. 13J Kerrison, 22; Hess. 13; Van Hooten.
14; Flickenger, 18; Hyde. 22. •;'.*•¦
POOL. SHOOTS:
Barker '. 1 * 1 11 W
Gerstle 10 10 0 3-3
Bunner » O • 0 0 2—1
Haight 0 2 12 2 1-5
Walsh 2 112 0 2-5
C. A. Halght :..:... 2 2 2 2 2 2-8
P J Walsh 0 Withdrawn
W. Gerstle 12 0 2 2 1—3
Sweeney 2 2 112 2*0-7
Wilson 1 • 2 2 2-1 2 2 1-8
W. J. Golcher 2 2 1*20-4
iHaight 2 2 1*2 0-4
KlevesaW 0 Withdrawn
Barker 1 2 1 1 2 2-«
Fisher 10 0
Gerstle 2 1 • 1 1 2-«
Halght 2 2 2 1 12—*
Barker , 1 1 1 t 1 1-6
Well A I 110 0 1-4
Gerstle .' 0 12 0 1 0—3
Walsh *. 0 Withdrawn
Donohoe .^. 2 12 2 1 Z-*
Williamson 2 2 2 2 2 •— 5
Shields •• 1 1 1 1 1 *-3
Derby •12 0 12—4
Wilson 111*2 1—5
Sweeney 2 2 2 12 l-«
Walsh 1112* 1— *•
Haight 12 2 2 1 2-«
Weil .\ 0 2 2 11 2— i
Gerstle 2 • 1 1 • •— 3
Barker 0 Withdrawn
Walsh ....: 1 1 2 1 2 l-«
BaJcer 2 12 2 2 •— 5
Jackson 1 • 0 2 • 1-3
Halght 0 2 2 2 2 2-5
Gerstle 0 0 1 • 1 2-3
Walsh _.... 12 2 0 1 1—3
Baker 1 0 1 12 2-5
Haight v 1 J 2 3 3 1—5
Gerstle .T.. 1 5 2 1 1 »-5
Lasserat 1 1 1 X 1 2-«
Justin.. 2 2 2 • 1 2—5
Golcher -j-2 2^2 2 I 1— «
Hyde .....0. ..".Z 1 • 2 • 1-4
LIVE BIRD SCORES:
D. A. M. Barker 2 221111111»212 0—13
Slade .: 2 1 1221211102 2 HI— 14
E. Donohoe 0 2203322312222 2—13
C. A. Haight 0 2 222 12 •2112 2 12-13
W. H. Wllllamson....222 11»2 12202222-13
P. J. Walsh 11 121»00»12 13 10—10
H JusUn «2 2221* 222 2 22 20— 12
A." J. Well 0 0200111101221 2—10
J. J. Sweeney... 0 2 1 • 2 1 2 2 2 2 • • 0 11— 10
Wilson 111122221212 121-15
W Gerstle 0 2 1 0 1 0 0 0 * ia 0 0 1 0— 6
A." M* Shields •2101112111 1 111—13
Both the blue rock and the live bird
traps ? at Ingleside were well patronized
by marksmen yesterday. The Calif orni •-
Wing Shooting Clu'j held Its second
live bird shoot for the season while tho
Union Gun Club held a club a.v.l
medal contest at the blue rock traps. Viio
day was excellent for shooting and in
consequence the membership of both
clubs was well represented. At the live
bird contest Wilson carried off the honors
by making- a clean score of fifteen blnl-i.
He was closely followed by Slade, who
succeeded in grassing fourteen of tho
nimble flyers. Haight was unfortunate »n
drawing a number of very • difficult shots
and as a result two of his birds escaped.
After the club a number of pools were
subscribed and contested for. The re
sults: -v;v
Enjoyed by a Good Gathering
of Shooters.
lively Day at the Ingleside Traps
i In the mornlnc the Elks baseball team
defeated the Olenders of Cast Oakland by
a score of 15 to 12.
GRASS PIGEONS AND
SHATTER BLUE ROCKS
Possible twenty-five— Bolce. 21: Jeffery. IS;
Ghirardelll. 14; Miller. 11; H. Matthews. 13;
Carman. 12.
Possible twenty — Newton, 15; Bolce. 13: Han
nah, 13; Miller. 13; Travers. 13; Webb. 13:
Leavitt, 8; Carman, S: Boice, 17; Sloper. 10;
Gblrardelli. 14; H. Matthews, 11.
Possible twenty-flve— Seaver. 23: Jeffery. IS;
Bolce 19;- Hannah, 15; Newton, 13; Miller. 20:
Carman, 10; Seaver. 24: Leavitt. 13; Sloper,
&; Travers, 14; H. Matthews. 12.
Possible twenty— Enrigh. 19: **rank, 19; Jef
fery. 6: Seaver. 17; Schrelber. 12; Sloper. 12.
Possible ten— Travers, 5: Hannah, 5; Car
man. 8; J. Matthews. 8; Jeffery, 4; Quail, 2;
Carman, 4; H. Matthews. 5; Evans, 1; Han
nah. 4; J. Matthews, 6; Jeffery, 3.
Possible twenty— Schluter, 4; Ghlrardetli, 13;
Sloper. 14; Quail, I; Jeffery, 6; Cooper. 3.
General shoot, possible ten— Carman. 2: Al
len. 5: J. Matthews. 4: H. Matthews. 8; Evans.
7: Halsey. »: Zinggr. 2; Quail. 2; H. Matthews.
8; Enrigh, 8: Frank, 9; Hannah. 8; Newton.
4: Bolce, 5; Schreiber. 6; Miller. 7; Travers, 5;
H. Matthews. 8; Hrfnnah, 10; Webb. 9: Seaver.
10; J. Ghirardelll, 8; Travera, 6: Sloper, 5;
Sloper. 3: Halsey. .6: Zing?. 0; Jeffery. 5: En
rlgh. 8; Frank. 10; Quail. 2; Olsen. 7: Allen. 2:
Schreiber. 8; Utilrardelli. 7: "Webb, 9: Newton.
8: Boice. 7; Young. 7; Miller. 10; Travers. 5:
J. Matthews, 5; Enrigh. 5: Frank, 8; Sloper.
3: Errickson. 4: H. Matthews. 7; Evans, 4:
Newton. 9: Schreiber, a: Carman. 1; Travers.
6: Ghirardelll. «: Sloper. 7; Jeffery. 5; Olsen. 7;
Frank. 8; Enrigh. «: Seaver. 10; Allen. 1: Mil
ler. 6; Boice. 7; Qualt, 2; Schreiber. 2: Ghirar
delll. 6; Travers, 8; Enrigb. 8: Frank, 8;
Newton, 7; Olsen, 6; Webb. 10; Hannah, 9.
The Elk Gun Club held Its first shoot
at the rrounds of the old Empire Gun
Club, on Alameda Point, to-day. The
shoot began at 10 o'ciock in the morning
and lasted* all day. and while no records
were shattered everybody said that it was
the greatest kind of a success and that
they had the best kind of a time.
The lodse turned out almost to a man,
and those who did not shoot went to help
along those Wuo did. There was aV lunch
served to the enthusiastic sportsmen who
found bluerock breaking stimulating: to
the appetite and the thirst. There were
1700 bluerocks thrown Into the air during
the day. How many of them were broken
Is told in the score below:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, April 7.
Seventeen Hundred Thrown Into the
Air, Host of Which. Came Back
to Earth, but Nobody
Seemed to Care. t f
Oakland Lodge Breaks Many
\ Bluerocks, but No
Records. .
ELKS TAKE TO
THE SHOTGUN
HIGH FILTERS TyTAKTy r • /
TIME FROM MABYSV1LLE
Coast Record Lowered by the Bird3
of A. Is. SchafCer of Oak
land.
OAKLAND. April 7.— Fifty-eight homing
pigeons, representing: five lofts of mem
bers of the Pacific Pigeon Club, were lib
erated by TV. E. Carpenter at Marysvllle
this morning at 7 o'clock. The weather
was clear and the wind from the north.
The previous record of the Pacific Pigeon
Club for the distance from Marysvllle
was 1237.57 yards per minute, and the
record for the coast, held by a member of
the California Pigeon and Homing Soci
ety, was 1268 yard3 per minute. This rec
ord was badly shattered to-day by a rep
resentative of A. L. Schaffer's loft, the
record now being 1286.57 yards per minute
The representatives of B. T. McBain'9
loft were second, closely followed by A
Lernhart of Centerville. A. Mclntyre and
W. -TV. White of Oakland. The records
made are as follows:
A. I* Schaffer's (100 miles "80 yards> BB 88.
arrived 9:17 a. m.. spe«* 1286.57 yards per
minute: BB 82. Tirrlved 9:13:30 a. m speed
1263.51 yards per minute: BB 91. arrived 9 13 -30
a. m.. speed 1263.51 yards per minute ' '
B. T. McBaln's (99 miles 1C60 yards) AL 33
*r rlT S d^i a> a %^-« S £? ed 12S2U yard9 Per fain:
ute; A «34. arrived 9:20 a. m.. speed 12S2.14 yards
per minute: A 2222. arrived 9:20 a. m.. speed
1252.14 yards per minute.
A. LernhardCs (110 miles 1371 yards) AL 13
arrived;; 9:40:15 a. m., speed 1215.08 yards per
mi nu te. Tsp^BK^BPflBBWDB^flpj
A. Mclntyre' s (99 miles 1433 yards) BB 862
arrtT ?> < L 9:::8 *" m - «P*ed 1203.37 yards per min
ute; BB 863. arrived 9:2S:30 a. m*. speed 1198.63
yards per minute: BB 268. arrived 9:«-30 a. m..
speed 1087.41 yards per minute.
arrived 9:46 a. m.. speed 1067.43 yards per
TnlTTQtgy
PEPPER TARGETS
AT SHELL MOUND
Shooting Organization Hold
Their Regular Monthly
Contests.
Event of th6 Day Is the Bsglnning
of the Prize Shoot by the" In
dependent Rifles'
Marksmen.
Companies L and D, First Infantry,
National Guard of California, the Deutsch
er Krieger Verein and the Naval Militia
held their regular monthly medal shoots
yesterday at Shell Mound Park. In addi
tion to the regular shooting the Independ
ent Rifles also held the ttrst half of a; con
test between rival marksmen of the or
ganization. The event is attended with a
great deal of enthusiasm among the mem
uers of the club and each side is perfectly
confident it will carry oif the prize of Jolt.
The concluding portion of the contest will
be held next Sunday. The scores are as
follows:
Independent Rifles, 'monthly medal shoot —
Corporal ±*. Schonlg 40, Corporal J. Peck 25,
Sergeant G. Mitchell 36. C. Frederlckson i», J.
Wlldermuth i9, J. H. Kuhlke 37. H. Gaetgen
85, C. Schmidt 19. Sergeant H. Schlichtman
06, M. Moennlng 13. C. Oranz 32, F. J. Skow
ran 13. E. Heimke 39, R. V. Either 39. J.
Nowdasha 6, A. Dietrich 29, D. SteHens lo, B.
Hilken 28, H. Tonnemacher 16, Sergwint C.
Andrews 40, Dr. \V. C. Melerdierks 38, G. Kel
lenberger S2, H. Gaetgen Jr. 6. H. Mitchell 21,
M. Barter 10. A. Hernlein 22, Corporal H. Fred-
erickson 24. G. H. Meisner 7, id. Kuhlke 39.
W. TIenken 22, C. Stender 'JO, C. Iverson S3. J.
Behlmer 16. >./ '
Company L, First Infantry. NV G. C.
monthly medal shoot— Captain Eggert 43, Lieu
tenant Curzon 42. Sergeant Stindt 41. Corporal
C. Wehr 35, Corporal A. Brown 40, Corporal V.
Branch 37, Corporal E. Sengstack 31. W. Davis
31, C. Chester 38, F. Mearna 35, I*. N. Key 39,
\V. G. Johnston 38.
Company D, First Infantry, N. G. C.
monthly, medal shoot— Sergeant J. O. Staples
33,. ti. O. Fales 37. E. H. Anthea 23, George
Ahrens 33, J. O. Dever 14, H. H. Varney S8,
A. Jenkins 13.
First Division, Naval Militia, monthly medal
shoot— C. G. Quintan 36, W. Lindecker 32, G.
Brickwedel 32, G. Murphy 30. G. Kuhl 29. H.
Spoerer 29, F. A. Syce 33, J. E. Bach 37, A. F.
Leudermann 37, G. Freudenberg 39. W. Nussa.
37, W. J. Garrett 33.
Deutscher Krieger Vereln, monthly medal
shoot— First champion class, C. Weggenmann,
378; second champion class. O. Dammer, 368;
first class,''" John Bender, 320; second class, X.
Silberzahn, 290; third class. Charles Meyer.
289; fourth class, John Lankers. 220; first best
shot, C. Weggenmann, 24; last best shot. O.
Dammer. 23; most centers, Charles Meyers.
Deutscher Krieger Verein, monthly bullseye
shoot— First prize. O. Dammer; second prize,
George Hetzel; third prize. Charles Meyer;
fourth prize. X. Silberzahn; fifth prize, John
Bender; sixth prize, F. Kaiser; seventh prize.
C. . Weggenmann.
Columbia Scores.
At Harbor View yesterday the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club held its regular
shoot. Otto Feudner knocked the cham
pion pistol shots out, making the fine
score of 34, or a 3.4-inch ring average.
Seven of the ten shots were In the 3-inch
ring or better. This score has been beaten
but twice in two years, and only by two
points. Feudner has only been shooting
two months, which makes his perform
ance the more remarkable.
A. H. Pape carried off the honors with
the* rifle, with George Mannel a good sec
ond. Captain Fred Kuhnle led with the
22 rifle, being only one point behind the
club's record. J. B. Bradley of Wyoming
and C. B. Saunders of Seattle- were guests
of the club and took part ia the sport.
Scores, off- hand shooting on Columbia tar
get, rifle, 200 yards— A. H. Pape, 46, 49. 50. 61;
George Mannel, 49. 64, 68, 69. 78 • A. B. Dor
rell, £3. 54, 54, 53. 59. 65. 66; G. M. Barley, 55.
€0, 73; W. G. Hoffman, 57. 67, 77. 79, 74; J. H.
Allen (repeater), 148; E. A. Allen (repeater),
157, 158. 165; F. L. Pape, 196.
Pistol, 50 yards— Otto Feudner, 34, 42, 43, 51,
61. 52, 53. 53. 55, 60: F. O. Young. 38. 42. 42.
44. 44. 46, 49. 49. 49: E. Hovey, 41; C M. Daiss.
47, 49, 51. 55, 60: J. B. Bradley. 58. 59, 73. 76;
G. M. Barley. 59; G. W. Uoedley. 59. 64; Mrs.
G. Mannel, 63, 75, 80, 81, 84. 81; G.. Mannel, 87.
Revolver, 50 yards— F. O. Young. 63, 53. 54,
5S; P. Becker. 65, 66. 69; C. B. Saunders, 71,
74: Dr. Twist, 78: J. B.-Bradley, 92.
Twenty-two rifle, 50 yards — Captain Fred
Kuhnle, 17. 19, 19. 20, 21. 21. 22; W. G. Hoff
man, 20, 24, 26. 27, 29, 30; E. A. Allen, 33; O.
Feudner, 36; W. L. Bryant, 45.
.Playing cards, poker chips, crib boards,
dice and tally cards. v ,The best : as
sortment'and the lowest prices. For sale
in leather goods department. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
v
PRACTICE GAMES ON
THE PRESIDIO LINKS
£an Rafael Club Invites Players
to Take Part in Open
¦ Tournaments.
The counter attractions of Easter ser
vices evidently drew some of the golfers
away from the . links, yesterday, for, fa
vorable as the weather wasi a compara
tively small number of matches were
played. On Saturday, after the lnter-
club team match, B. D. Adamson and W.
P. Johnson beat John Lawson and E. R.
Kolger 3 up on nine boles. Yesterday "B.
D. Adamson beat H. C. Golcher 5 up on
nine holes, and also* proved victorious in
a match over J. w. Byrne. W. E. Lester
beat P. McG. McBean 2 up on nine holes;
P. Gow defeated A. Wingate 2 up on
eighteen holes, and Charles Page beat
W. Brandes <j up on eighteen holes. C.
R. Winslow, J. S. Severance, ¦ Leonard
Chcnery, C. F. Mullins and T. BInney
were out for practice.
The San Rafael Golf Club has issued in
vitations to all the golf clubs of the
neighborhood to take part in eighteen
hole medal play tournaments for - men
and women on May 4. Play for the wo
men begins at 9:30 a. m. and for the men
tX 1:30 p. m. Entries close May-1 . ,
Cycling Contests at San Jose.
* SAN-JOSE, April 7.— The'., second race
meet at Cyclers' Park to-day was attend
ed by 2000 people. In the fifteen-mile.
motor-paced match race" -between John
Nelson. and Cooper, the- latter- was forced
to retire at the end of the. tenth mile on
account cf a broken wheel. Nelson* fin
ished and was declared the winner. Time,
23:23 2-5. Fastest , mile, 1:33 2-5. Summary
of other races:
One-third mile, novice, amateur — Lim
berg won, West second, Nof tz third.
Time. :47 1-5.
Half-mile handicap, professional—How
ard : Freeman won,' Hardy Downing sec
ond. Jean Ruel third. Time, :57.
One-third mile, open, amateur— Lace
and Burton Downing -tied for first,. Barnes
second, Demar third. Time, :44 2-5. .
One mile;, amateur, handicap— Limberg
won. Lace Downing second,' Burton Down.
Ing-third.. Time, 2.-09. -
Floyd McFarland and- Artie Bell rode a
mile exhibition on the French motor cycle
in 1:20. breaking the previous coast record
of 1:25.
SMITH MEETS DEFEAT
AT WXEHE'S HANDS
Hany Interesting Tennis Matches
Played on the California Club
Courts.
Harry Wiehe was the star performer at
the California Club courts yesterday. In
a match with Grant Smith he won In
straight sets, the score being 6-1, 6-4, 6-2.
Wiehe played a remarkable game and his
work at the net was superb. Smith did
not play In form. A return match will be
played at Stanford on Saturday next.
Wiohe also carried off the honors in
doubles, as he and George Whitney beat
Robert Wb'tney and Professor Dally In
Ftraight sets. The score was 10-8. 6-4.
Roth, the other Stanford man, who Is
bothered by a bad ankle, did not fare so
well, as he was beaten rather easily by
William Collier, the score being 6-2, 6-2.
Other matches played during the day re
sulted as follows: Marie Johnson beat
Norman Hodgkinson. 6-3. 6-0. 4-6, 6-3; Du
Val Moore beat Orvtlle Pratt. 6-2, 6-2; W.
Ii. Collier beat Harold-Crowell, 6-2; Walter
McGavin beat Dr. Lane. 6-1, 6-1, 6-4; Joe
Dally beat A. Worthington, 3-6, 6-4, 6-3,
6-1 ; Charles Kuehn beat Barton Trow
bock, 7-5. 6-2, 6-2, 4-6; Chester Smith beat
Pete Smith, 6-4, 7-5: Al Rosenberg beat Dr.
Lane. 6-0. €-2, and Moore beat Roth, 4-3.
In doubles H. Crowell and W. B. Collier
beat Ray Cornell and Grant Smith, 7-5,
8-6, 6-2; O. Pratt and D. V. Moore beat Sid
ney Salisbury and Chet Smith, 7-5. 6-l..and
Harry Young 1 and Clyde Beal beat. Frank
Hooper and Pete Smith, 6-0, 6-3, 9-7.
AUTOMOBHilSTS .RUN
THROUGH THE PARK
Only a Dozen Chauffeurs Have
Passed the Scrutiny of Park «
Engineer.
A large number of chauffeurs gathered
yesterday morning on Van Ness avenue,
and at about 11:30 a start was made, un
der the leadership of S. D. Rogers, pres
ident of the Automoblie Club of Califor
nia. All went well as far as Uncle Tom's
Cabin, but when it was learned that only
these chauffeurs to whom licenses had
been issued by the Park Commissioners
would be permitted to pass through
Golden Gate Park, the party separated.
H. T. McKnight. E. M. Briggs, E. Courtney
Ford and Arthur Inkersley went up Stan
yan street to McAllister, and thence out
to the Casino, where a stay of some
time was made for luncheon. The run to
the cliff was made via the Presidio. At
the Cliff House, where 1 light refreshments
were served in the headquarters of the
Automobile Club, certificates and num
bers were handed out to those who had
already qualified, the numbers being af
fixed to the backs of the seats of the
machines. Those having numbers return
ed by way of Point Lobos avenue to De
visadero street, whence they made their
way to the Waller-street entrance of the
park and took" the south drive to the great
highway, then back through the park to
the Waller-street entrance, and so to the
starting point.
Among thos who were out. In addition
to those already named, were W. H. Tal
bot and wife, E. C. Anthony, F. A. Hyde,
P. F. Rockett and wife, Dr. Kellogg,
George P. Moore, Joseph C. Saxton, A.
C. Barker, J. R. McKay, C. J. Heineman,
E. L. Brayton, W. L. Elliott, W. H. Dem
minc and William Ede.
A few gf the chauffeurs, after re-enter
ing the park, proceeding along the great
highway and home by way of the Dewey*
Boulevard and the Almshouse road.
As the park engineer did not receive the
instructions of the Park Commissioners
until a few days ago, and. did not hold
his first examination of the chauffeurs
and their machines until Friday, . only
about a dozen owners of horseless car
riages have up to the present secured the
licenses entitling them to enter the. park.
The park engineer will be on hand, at the
park lodge at l-p.'m.- to-day to • examine
applicants for licenses.
Came Boy, a For Freedom-llayflower
Puppy, Reaches the Final by
a Clever Bit of
Work.
Sisquoc, th- hound that D. J. Healey
bought back from Jimmie Deane, added
another 'scalp io his belt by winning the
132-dog open stake yesterday at Union
Park.
That the Petaluma leashtnan turned a
good trade when he took Sisquoc back to
his first wigwam Is made plain by his
good showing. Since the last change In
ownership the dog has started in four
events. Three of the stakes were annexed
hy the hardy son of Emin Pasha and the
fourth was lost to him only by his defeat
by 'Warship in the deciding course.
A glance at the scores shows that the
winner was not lacking in determination.
For five rounds not an opponent scored a
point against him. Then in the semi-
TiiiMl Beacon took two points to Sisquoc's
three. "A bit lucky in that go," was the
general comment of even the backers of
the stake winner. The- big blue dog had
the foot o%*er his opponent by at least two
lengths, but ran off the game. Sisquoc
took posscsslon._an<i •with two wrenches
and a kill put ah end to a course which
was at least a close_ call.
The most interesting feature of the day
was the phenomenal work of Game Boy,
a For Freedom-Mayflower puppy, who
¦was the runner-up in the stake. "War.
Kagle, Brutus, Sir Laurence, Chicago Boy
and Santonin. '.ried and seasoned couser3,
went down before the great youngster.
His showing will be talked of for some
ttme by the gossips. Game Boy is still
eligible in the puppy class. Santonin by
his continued improvement has been a
producer for his owners. An undecided
with llamie Pleasant In the fourth was
his undoing, though he met Fiery Face
in the fifth and after a hard go won on
the short end at 2 to L Game Boy beat
him pointless in the semi final. The Aus
tralian dog, The Chief, was beaten point
less by Log Boy in his lirst course.
The short ends were: Manila beat Dew
drop, Lundin Links beat Olita, Concord
beat Aeneas. Motto beat Lady Clare. Fiery
Face beat Erin at 3 to 1, Flora McDonald
beat Charta, Lawrence beat King Cotton,
Santonin beat Mose, Game Boy beat Bru
tus, Sisquoc Deat Beacon at 5 to 3, Game
Boy beat "War Kagle, Santonin beat Fiery
Face at 2 to 1, Ever Sure beat Rector at
7 to 2 and Santonin beat Mamie Pleasant
at 5 to 4, The day's results, with Judge
John Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, second round — H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence beat Curtl3 & Sons' Kibosh. 4-2; Cur
tis & Sons' Kins Cotton beat George Sharman's
Black Flush, 4-2; C O. Peterson's Silver Cloud
beat Oonnell Bros.' St. Helen, 5-0: J. Hurley's
O K Capitol beat R. E. de Lopez's Sara, 6-0;
O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat George Sharman's
8t. Ives, 5-0; D. J. Healey's Sisquoc beat J.
Smith's Boney Boy, 10-0; Cheetham & Part
ington's Representative beat Pasha 'Kennels*
Belle Rocket, 7-3; F. Jones* Wedgewood beat
F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha, 4-0; D. J. Healey's
Lady Clare beat Pacha Kennels' Round About,
2-2; F. A. McComb's Motto beat Gold Dust
Kennels' Forget, 8-3; P. Horgan's Manila beat
W. C. Classon's Dewdrop, 2-0; F. A. McComb's
Bona Fide beat George Sharman's Chicago
Boy. 6-0; Curtis & Sons' Beacon beat P. Doyle's
Liberator. S-2; J. J. Keenan's Lundin Links
beat Stert & Knowles' Ollta, 7-2; Lasde &
Gerber's Concord beat Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas,
7-5; V. J. Healy's Tiburon beat Sterl &
Knowles* Sleety Mist, 6-3; A. Vanderwhite'e
Flora McDonald beat Curtis & Sons' Charta,
6-1; Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant beat P. J.
Rellly's The Grafter, 4-0; Yosemlte Kennels'
Mose beat J. Holden's Scottish Chief. 5-2;
Chiarinl Bros.' Santonin beat O. Zahl's Miss
Wilson, 6-1; J. Kennedy's Ever Sure beat Gold
Dust Kennels' St. Michael, 6-0; Curtis & Sons'
Ttector beat Lande & Gerber'e Rienzi. 6-5; J.
Dunlea's Erin .beat Curtis & Sons' Narcissus,
f-0; Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat R, E.
de B. Lopez's Sara, 4-0; Gold Dust Kennels'
Brutus beat P. J. Rellly's Royal Union, 5-3;
Ptar Kennels' Game Boy beat Curtis & Sons'
*<Var Eagle. S-2; J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence
beat Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel, 6-3;
Connell Bros.' Log Boy beat G. "Walters' The
Chief. 5-0.
Third round— Lawrence beat King Cotton, 3-1;
Silver Cloud beat O K Capitol, 5-4; Slsquoc
beat Homer Boy. 6-0; Wedge wood beat Repre
sentative. 3-2; /Motto beat Lady Clare, 3-2;
Fiona Fide beat Manila, 5-0; Beacon beat Lun
dln Links, 8-3; Tiburon beat Concord, 4-3;
Mamie Pleasant beat Flora McDonald, 7-3;
Santonin beat Mose, 5-0; Rector beat Ever
Sure, 9-6; Fiery Face beat Erin. 9-7; Game Boy
beat Brutus, 4-2; Sir Lawrence beat Log Boy,
8-3. '
Fourth round— Silver Cloud beat Lawrence.
4-2; Sisquoc beat Wedgewood, 6-0; Beacon beat
Motto, 4-2; Bona Fide beat Tiburon. 10-0; San
tonin beat Mamie Pleasant. 5-4; Fiery Face
beat Ever Sure, 7-0; Game Boy beat Sir Law
rence, 6-5.
Fifth round— Sisquoc beat Silver Cloud, 8-0;
Beacon beat Bona Fide. 4-2; Santonin beat,.
Fiery Face, E-2; Game Boy, a bye.
Birth round — Sisquoc beat Beacon, 3-2; Game
Boy beat Santonin, 6-0.
Deciding course— Sisquoc beat Game Boy, 6-0.
Homeward Bound the "Winner.
SACRAMENTO, April 7.— Homeward
Bound won the open coursing stake here
to-day, Sylvanus second. Lord Dunmore
third. In the reserve stake Brother John
¦was the winner. White Point second and
Freda C third.
Gets First Money in the Big
Open Stake at Union
Coursing Park.
SISQUOC IS ONCE
AGAIN A WINNER
Gossip About the Great American
Quartet of Harness Racers—Ef
forts for a Herr-Cresceus
r Match.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 7.—The four
teenth annual Tennessee Derby will be
run at Montgomery Park to-morrow, and
the indications to-night are for a fast
track. There are ten carded starters, and
the favorite will almost surely come from
the Schorr stable, the local turfman nam
ing three probable starters. Including. Joe
Frey, winner of the San Francisco Derby.
George C. Bennett will be represented by
Monos. Mr. Bennett was to start Dick
Burgess, but that colt broke down and is
to be turned out. T.~ P. Hayes is repre
sented by Royal Victor. Turney Broth
ers will start The Commander. The result
of former derbies show the race to be one
of many defeats for favorites, and 'for
this reason every starter in the event will
have a following. The probable starters,
weights and jockeys are: Monos. 122, Co
burn; Lady Schorr, 117, Miller; Joe Frey,
122, J. Woods; Royal Victor. 122, Wink
field; Queen Dixon, 117, Cochran. Alard
Scheck, Harney, Gaherois, The Command
er and Siddons are doubtful starters.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. April 7.—The suck
ling colt, full brother to the Kentucky
Derby winner, Lieutenant Gibson, by G.
W. Johnscn-Sophie Hardy, died of lock
jaw at the farm of B. L. Baker to-day.
The colt's dam died in foaling, and owing
to her great .value her owner was endeav
oring to raise the colt by artificial means.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. April 7.-Andy J.
Welch of the Hartford (Conn.) Trotting
Association arrived here to-day and is the
guest -of John E. Madden. It is reported
that Welch is here for the purpose of see
ing Dave Cahill, the owner of Charley
Herr, and clinching a match between
Herr and Cresceus. Welch, it is under
stood, will make an earnest effort to se
cure the Boralma and The Abbott race
and the Herr-Cresceus race for Hartford
in September. Both of these events have
been scheduled to come off at the Lexing
ton meeting In October.
. -
To-I>ay's Entries.
First race—Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; gelling:
2232 Cantinus 1051 2229 Illilouon 1O.>
2254 Tony Lepping..l05| 2236 Berendos 103
2244 Flatterer 105' 2176 Andrattus 105
191S Gaylon Brown.1051 21S2 Small Jack 105
Second race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
celling:
2243 Ogle ....108 2147 Legal Maxim.. .105
2£37 Hainault 105 2243 Monastic 105
2243 Contestant 105 2113 Maraschino ....108
2119 Victoria S .105 2243 Sir Claus 103
(2063) Torso Maid 103 2243 San Lultion....l05
2237 Dan Collins 105 2249 Huachuca 10<S
Third race — Mile and a sixteenth; four-year
oMs and up; purse:
2239 Rosormonfie ...113 "221 Star Chamber.. 114
C259)The Fretter.... 118
Fourth race — Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; high-weight handicap:
(2226)Gibraltar 135; 2259 Yellowtall 122
2144 Meehanus 1221 2245 Vulcaln US
2112 Gonfalon Hal 2209 St. Wood 118
2245 Dr. Cave 114 2245 Dandy Jlm....:112
2244 Beau Ormonde. 112 1
Fifth race— Mile and an eighth; four-year
olds and up; selling:
<2220)The -Phoenlc'n.llO 2246 Scotch Plaid. ..108
2227 Topmast 108 2258 Morinel 98
2175 McNamara 99 2258 Edgrardo 99
223S Rio Chlco 103 (2246)Gauntlet 108
1591 Dr. Bernays... .100
Sixth race— Five furlongs; three-year-old fil
lies: selling::
<221S)Prin. Titanla..U5| 224S I.uca 115
2204 Nellie Forest. ..115 1 2195 Sublime '...115
2045 Lily Dlggs 1151 7127 Alzura 115
2254 Birdie Stone. ...115]
Probable Winners.
First race— Andrattus, Tony Leppingr, Small
Jack.
Second race— Ogle, Contestant, Victoria S. ,
Third race— Star Chamber, The Fretter,
Rosormonde.
¦ Fourth race— Gibraltar. Tellowtall. Meehanus.
Fifth race— The Phoenician, Topmast, Dr.
-Bernays.
Sixth race— Princess Titania, Alzura, Su
blime.
Joe Frey Will Start in the
Fourteenth Annual Event
at Memphis.
TEHNESSEE DERBY
TO BE RUN TD-DAY
6
SPORTS : BASEBALL, SOOTING, COURSING, RACING : SPORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO - CALL, MONDAY, APRIL S. 1901.
Honors Are Even in the Sunday Contests===Senators
(lather in the I a^t Fruits /Mexican carved leather goods and Calif
fornla souvenirs of every kind at Sanborn
& Vail's. 741 Market street. . . • : ;„• S
MOOERS WILL CONTEST
; WILL NOT BE TRIED
Widow and Other EDeirs of the Dead
• Mine-Owner Reach an
¦•:•' . '-. Agreement.
• -LOS ANGELES. April 7.— After nearly
a year of legal strife the widow and other
relatives of the late Frederic M. Mooers
have adjusted their differences ana dis
missed the will contest, which attracted
attention, _not only in California, but also
in New . York State, where Mooers was
v/ell known. > The stipulation , that the
contest of the widow, Frances L. Mooers,
against her . brother-in-law, Charles H.
Mooers, and other members of the family
be dismissed was signed yesterday.
Under the will Frederic M. 'Mooers, who
died on May 24, 1900, the discoverer of the
famous Yellow Aster mine, left 7000 shares
of the mining stock to his three brothers,
5000 shares to his son, Edwin D. Mooers,
and 2650 shares to his widow. Mrs. Mooers
objected to the disposition of the prop
erty according to the will and filed a
contest in which she alleged mental un
soundness, undue influence and fraud ex
ercised by Charles H.. Mooers. She al-
Jeged that her brother-in-law prejudiced
the mind of her husband against her.
In their answer the defendants claimed
that "several years -before his death Mr.
Mooers gave to his wife 10,000 shares of
his mining stock and that she combined
with others : to defraud Frederic M.
Mooers of his property.
-The trial of the case was to have begun
before Judge Shaw next Monday and the
widow came: out from the East several
days • ago to watch her interests.' , Since
her arrival there have been several meet
ings between the contestants and the de
fendants. They have concluded that their
differences were caused largely through
misunderstanding and decided to dismiss
the case. By the terms of the compromise
the. widow abandons her contest of the
will and Charles H. Mooers withdraws his
charges. The estate is valued at $1,000,000.
TRIES TO END HIS LIFE
WITH A RIFLE BULLET
Saloon-Keeper of Blacks May Survive
• His Attempt t- Commit
"•'. , • Suicide.
,WOODLAND,,April 7.— W.~C. Burger, a
saloon-keeper, attempted suicide at Blacks
at noon yesterday.. He left a note at the
house of a neighbor, the purport of which
was .that his body would be found cold in
death in one of the'rooms of his residence.
W. H. Black went at once to investigate
and foundone of the rooms with the door
and ; windows, locked" «nd the curtains
drawn.' The door > was forced and Burger
was. found lying on the floor. Beside him
was a- rifle.
Burger had put the muzzle of the rifle
under his chin; In touching off the trig
ger the rifle was shifted a little to the left,
and the ball entered near the point of the
jawbone, knocked out several teeth and
passed out close to the cheekbone." He
was very weak from loss of blood, and his
fate is in the balance. His act was due
to domestic troubles, his wife having re
cently left him.- . : •
Freight Train Derailed.
SANTA BARBARA, April ,7.— An early
freight train, while running at.a high rate
of speed near the Fajoguas ranch yester
day morning-Jumped' the rails and several
cars were scattered along the bank. The
engine remained on the rails and was sent
to Gaviota for. assistance. When a short
distance from the -wreck the tender, of the
engine left the track and the flremau/was
slightly injured.. Through trains were de
layed four- hours. ' - •
Large Schooner Launched.
; EVERETT,- Wash..* April .7.— The '¦¦ four
masted; schooner s Otella- Pederson,- ". built
for San Francisco j parties, -was launched
this . - evening . at the White Company's
shipyard. '^Kgglg£f5@^gs3j£SH , :
THEOSOFHISTS TO GIVE
HIGH-STANDARD DRAMA
Will 'Present "The Conquest of
Death" to San Diego Play-
Goers.
SAN DIEGO, April 7.— A higher stand
ard of entertainment for the youth of the
land is the aim of the Universal Brother
hood Theosophical Society, which has Us
international headquarters : on Point
Loma. "With this aim in mind It wUl
present at Fisher's Opera House next
Monday and Tuesday evening a sacred
drama under the title "The Conquest of
Death." Katherine Tingley, the head of
the Brotherhood, holds that of late the
stage has been degraded to such a level
that numbers of religiously minded people
feel it is Impossible to attend the ordinary
theatrical performances, but with the re
vival of the sacred dramas, which, while
elevating and purifying, are at th"e same
time deeply interesting and most beauti
ful, from a spectacular point of view, 1 the
objections of these earnest people must
disappear. , ¦
¦ The scena of the forthcoming play \c
laid in the mysterious "under world,"
where the shades of the great philosoph
ers of Greece are gathered around Apol
lo's sacred shrine. They long to return
to earth to help the suffering without
having to drink of the waters of forget
fulness, which is the common lot of man
and the priestess of Apollo -promises that
as their aspirations are so unselfish and
thev are truly pure In heart, the memory
of thfi past will not be taken from them,
but will return with the added power of
service such a gift will provide. While
all are meditating upon this great rewam
of- right living the priestess perceives
that Plato Is approaching the Elysian
fields from the earth and the whole com
pany! welcome him with joy to well earned
A "very Interesting 1 discussion .then en
dues, in which Plato, Socrates, Pythe
gors, Aeschylus, Diotema, and others tako
part, and after many other incidents, in
cluding the singing of the celebrated an
tique hymn to Apollo, discovered in 1834
in Greece, the priestess declares an oracls
pronouncing that although the mysteries
shall perish outwardly and disappear
from the sight of men, yet their memory
will not be entirely lost; In a distant age
and far off land they will be revived with
added glory for the healing of the na
tioiiH. . - m ' >' ...
MASONS AT SERVICE j _
IN PETALUMA CHURCH
Members of Three Commanderies
Bvold Annual Meeting and Are
Lavishly Entertained., • .
PETALUMA, April 7.— Mount Olivet,
Santa,. Rosa and Uklah Masonic com
manderies celebrated Easter in this city
to-day. As is their annual custom, they
attended religious services, and the visit
ors were entertained by the < local : fra
ternity.
Two hundred and fifty excursionists
came with the Knights on a special train
from Ukiah. At the depot they were re
ceived by Mount Olivet Commandery, and
were escorted to Masonic Temple, thence
to the Methodist I Episcopal ! Church,
where the Masonic ¦ Easter service
was heJd. Sir Knight Rev. , T. A. Atkin
son delivered a sermon to
the occasion, and was assisted in the ser
vices by a choir of thirty voices ¦ under
the direction of Sir Knight CO." Per
kins. . . ¦
Becomes Insane on a Train!
SACRAMENTO, April • 7.— Miss Phoebe
McSweeney, while en route from her home
in Iowa to visit f rends in Oakland, went
insane -on the train' before reaching Og
den and was taken In charge by the rail
road officers. She arrived in Sacramento
to-night and- will ; be taken to Oakland in
the morning and an attempt made to find
her friends. • -\ -'S :• v.
RAGING TORRENT ROARS -
THROUGH CANADA TOWN
Business Portion of Richmond Flooded
and Costly Steel Bridge Swept .,,..,
¦ Away. ¦
MONTREAL, April 7.— Telephonic ad
vices received from Richmond, Quebec,
this evening, announce that the business
portion of that town rests in the midst oC
a raging torrent. At 10 o'clock the gran
ite piers of the steel bridge, erected a
few years ago at a cost of $46,000, were
carried away, totally wrecking the .struc
ture. The tracks of the Grand. Trunk,
Portland, Me., line are under water for a
considerable distance. The people were
compelled to take refuse in houses on the
hills back of the tqwn. The property loss
will be heavy. .*¦¦..
HAVERHILL, Mass., April 7.— From the
Pemlgewasset Valley in the north to the
confluence of the Merrimac River with t.he
sea the freshet reports received here to
nighl indicate that the Merrimac River is
likely to burst its banks at many places with
a volume of water that will exceed that
for many years. The police sounded the
flood alarm to-night and business men on
the river front began <*nergetic efforts to
protect their I property. At a - late hour
the levee water was within two and a half
feet of the street, and as high tide comes
to-morrow it is expected that streets on a
level with the levee will be flooded.
All day communication was kept up
with cities on the Merrimac and its tribu
taries, Plymouth -and Laconia reporting
a rainfall during the night of 1.72 inches.
At Manchester to-night the water was
six feet seven Inches from the top of the
dam and rising six •¦ inches hourly. Th<*
volume of water which to-night was over
flowing the lowlands at Concord and Man
chester will not reach here until to-mor
row noon, so the greater part of the dam
age will not be done until that time.
There were also all sorts of reports dur
ing the, day of -bodies being seen in -tha
river, but none could tte intercepted. A
woman's body is known to have floated
down from Lawrence, and it was under
stood thafa mans body and one of an
Infant had been seen below Lowell.
PITTSBURG, April 7.— The danger lino
was passed by the rivers here this after
noon At 7 o'clock to-night the flood
reahed its crest, and the decline is ex
pected to-morrow morning. Though flood-'
ing cellars In the lower part of the city
no damage, was done. The- weather bu
reau sent out a flood warning: this morn-
Ing and as a result; hundreds of families
spent Easter morning making a periodical
move to upper stories 6f their homes.
Reports received to-night rrom stations at
the headwaters show that the rivers are
either falling or. stationary..
CLEW TO BLACKMAILERS ¦..'..;
BAFFLES THE OFFICERS
Authorities at Grass Valley and
Nevada City Vainly Search for 1
; , Tilly Letter's Author.
GRASS VALLEY, April 7.— Excitement
at both Grass Valley -and Nevada City
is still at fever heat over the attempt
to extort $500, from_ Mr.: and Mrs.' Edwin
Tilly of the latter place by the threaten
ing "letter found in their yard the other
day No clew to the •' would-be black
mailers has been found, but it. is still the
firm belief, of the officers and Mr. Tilley
that-- the perpetrators live at Nevada.
City.' - ' '
Til'lev is ,ver'y I susceptible to threats of
murder because of the fact that his/only
daughter • was murdered by her husband
a few years ago. The daughter was the
wlfeof John Carter. -the -turnkey at San
Quentin, who shot his wife to death and
then killed' himself, 'the murder and sui
cide ' having occurred just outside the
prison yard; -Previous to that time Car
ter had been; jailer at the county. Jail, at
Nevada City. This vivid' recollection
preyed .upon - the '. mind of. the : retired
mine-owner, and caused him to place the
threatening letter in the hands -Of the
police-after having held it secretly for
several da js V. . ¦' ; .-¦-•.
colored comedians/ arid new moving 1 plct
.ures, Including scenes of the funeral of
the late Queen Victoria. • ¦: ¦ •*.
dlans; Coakley. and. Huested, sketch
artists; , Mirian AInsworth, . - character
change artist; Al and Mamie Anderson,
"•MISS CORA HARRIS/ ONE" OF THE BEAUTIES OF-; COMIC OPERA-,
WHO GIVES A SPRIGHTLY REPRESENTATION OF LIEUTENANT
DESMOND IN THE "IDOL'S EYE." . -•'. : \ \ ''.'... .
ENGLISH VETERINARIAN WILL
TEST CATTLE FOR CANADA
Animals Coming Via Dominion to
America Must Be Examined.
by Experts.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— As a result of
.negotiations" between Secretary of,'Agri
culture Wilson and the. Canadian Minister
of Agriculture an agreement has been
reached between the two administrations
by which Canada is to have a first-class
veterinarian stationed in England to test
for tuberculosis all British cattle shipped
to this country via Canada. The Cana
dian administration wanted cattle to be
admitted from Canada without tests at
the border by American experts. The de
partment at Washington would not agree
to this.
Secretary Wilson said, however, that if
Canada would send to England an agent
who should have sufficient expert knowl
edge of the subject the United States
would admit cattle upon his certificate
that the cattle had been tested and found
free of tuberculosis. This was agreed to
by the Canadian Minister. It is officially
explained that about 10 per cent of the live
stock in the United States and about 40
per cent in Great Britain have tuberculo
sis. The cattle on the continent of Europe
are so diseased that this Government will
not permit the admission of any animals
from there.
FOREIGN LIVESTOCK BARRED.
British Cattle Only Ones Admitted
Since the Outbreak of Epidemic.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— The officials
of the Agricultural Department are watch
ing closely all reports from abroad regard
ing the extent of the foot and mouth dis
ease, a fatal malady that is raging among
the live stock in almost every country
throughout Europe. For the last three
years the outbreak has been general on
the European continent and the recent re
ports from various foreign ports do not
indicate any dimunition in its extent. This
Government, as it has done since the ep
idemic reached such alarming dimensions,
is refusing- to 'admit any cattle, sheep or
swine except from the British Isle. This
is done not only to "protect the vast live
stock interests of this country, but also to
protect our $30,000,000 or $40,000,000 annual
export trade in cattle. - .
COURT AWARDS DELAYED
COMMISSION ON MINE SALE
Plaintiff Sold Property on Promise of
Bonus, but Had to
Sue for It.
DENVER, April . 7.— In the suit for a
commission on , a mining- sale that was
never made the District Court jury to-day
brought in a verdict awarding the plain
tiffs $200,000.
The suit was brought by Benjamin F.
Seymour against E. A. Colburn. The lat
ter owns a controlling interest in the stock
of the Gold King Mining Company of Crip
ple Creek. A contract was made last
June, the complainant alleging, by which
Mr. Colburn agreed to pay Mr. Seymour
$200,000 If he found a purchaser who would
pay $2,000,000 for the "mine. H. H. Fram
bach, formerly of Chicago, was interested
in the deal, but Mr. Colburn then refused
to sell. ,
TWO LARGE TOWNS UNDER
QUARANTINE FOR SMALLPOX
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 7.— City Physi
cian Tygart to-night made the statement
that there are thirty caccs of smallpox in
South Park, which nave never been re
ported to the Health Department, and
that the disease Is spreading rapidly. He
placed the whole section of the city under
quarantine. •
TOLEDO, Ohio, April 7.— Nineteen cases
of smallpox exist at Oak Harbor and the
entire town is Quarantined.
Apostle Cannon Improving.
MONTEREY, April 6.— Apostle ! Cannon
of the Mormon church at Salt Lake, who
has been critlcially ill in this city for
some time past, is slowly improving and
is now able to sleep much more than for
merly. He has been taken for short drives
into the country for the past few days
and seems to have been benefited thereby.
Apostle Cannon Is suffering with acute
nervous prostration and an aggravated
form of Insomnia is an attendant symp
tom. >:--rr. ; Viji
»
Sheriff Shoots Horsethief.
DICKINSON. N. !>., April 7.— SheiifT
Goodall learned to-day that a man namcl
McPeak, alias Jim McCarthney, a desper
ado, wanted both in this State and in
Montana, for a long time, was near hei«i.
He secured a posse, went after McPeak
and arrested him on a charge of horse
stealing. Later McPeak attempted to es
cape and was shot dead.
EMPEROR WILL BE TOLD
OF EDWARD'S ACCESSION
English Embassy Due in Berlin to
Announce the Fact to .German
Monarch.
BERLIN, April 7.— The special embassy
appointed to announce to the German Em
peror the accession of King Edward VII
will arrive in Berlin to-morrow night. It
consists of the Duke of Abercorn. the
Earl of Klntoye. Major General Sir Archi
bald Hunter and Mr. George R. Clerk of
the British Foreign Office. -
Emperor Wll'-iam will receive the mem
bers of the embassy in audience at noon
Tuesday and will entertain them at dinner
that evening at the Schloss. On the fol
lowing evening they will probably dine at
the barracks of the Dragoon Guards. On
Thursday they will dine at the British
Embassy and on Friday they will leave
for Dresden, from which city they will re
turn to England.
Of. Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, April 7.—Postoffice De
partment orders are as follows:
Postoffice discontinued: Oregon, Tiptop.
Lane County, mail to Hazel Dell.
Postmaster commissioned, California,
George W. Humphreys, Dunsmuir; ap
pointed, California— C. P. Smith, Bitter
Water, San Benito, vice N. E. McCoy, re
moved; L-- H. McMillan. Lamesa, San
Diego County, vice E. W. Strachan. re
signed; William Henson. Riverdale, Fres
no County, vice Lucy Harlan. removed.
Pensions were issued yesterday as fol
lows: California: Original— Wlnfleld S.
Martin, San Francisco. $6; Obadlah
Morse, Santa Clara, $6. Increase— Joseph
H. Soper, San Francisco, $3; Jesus Flores, .
Salinas, $8; Monroe Perkins, Los Angeles.
$12. Original widows— Mary J. Thompson,
Alpine. $8; minor of William Fogg, Stock
ton. $10. War with Spain— Original, John,
P. Williams, Los Angeles, $24.
.Oregon: Original— Russell B. Stlllwell,
Fossil, $8. -;--
Washington: Original— Hiram R. Gale,
Olympia. $6; Edward Peterman, Tipso.
$6. Increase— Andrew M. Seright, Lacon
ner, $8: Amanda P. Hartshorn. Golden
dale. $12; Ezra J. Algrer, Tacoma, -$12-
Original widows— Susan W. O. Arm-
Strong, Stanwood, $8.
Captain John S. Battle, Eleventh In
fantry, now in this city, is ordered to
join his regiment.
Jointist Goes Free.
SALINA. Kan., April 7.— The first trial
of a jointist under the new Hurrell law,
passed by the last Legislature, which
makes It a 'misdemeanor to be found In
possession of spirituous lUiuor. resulted In
no verdict here late last night, and the
Jury was discharged. It was the case of.
¦Henry Stevens and wife, whose place was
raided by the Sheriff recently. The pas
sage of the law was a result of the tem
perance crusade started by Mrs. Carrie
Nation.
Restricting' Coeur d'Alene Output.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 7.— It was an
nounced that the. output of lead and silver
of the Coeur d'Alene district of Northern
Idaho is to be restricted to sustain the>
market. The smelters have 50,000 tons o*
reserve, twice as large a surplus as is ne
cessary. The reduction will amount to 27
per cent. Governor Hunt has returned
from a trip through the district where the
riots two years ago made a martial law
necessary; He. says the district is pacified
and martial law declared off.
FROST'S HEAVY DAMAGE
IN SHASTA ORCHARDS
Fruit Crop in the Valley Districts Be
lieved to Be Almost a Total
Loss.
REDDING, April 7.— The fruit crop of
the Anderson, Happy Valley and Churn
Creek bottom regions, the three most im
portant fruit districts of the county, will
be an almost total failure this year owing
to the heavy frost cf Friday night. It is
said the almond and apricot crops will be
a total loss. There will be but one-fifth
of a crop of peaches and prunes. Pears,
the great staple of the districts, suffered
the least from the severe weather. It is
computed there will be a loss of but one
third of the crop of that fruit.
The cold snap which created such havoc
was an especially severe one. In the An
derson lowlands ice lay on the ground un
til nearly noon. The districts affected are
almost the sole fruit producers of Shasta
County. The industry represented in them
has become quite an important factor in
the county's wealth-producing agencies,
and Its almost total absence this season
will be severely felt.
PACIFIC GROVE, April 6.— This entire
section is undergoing an extraordinarily
severe cold spell, and fear is entertained
that if the present sharp wind continues
fruit hereabouts will suffer greatly. Frost
the past three nights is ,reported from
Carmel Valley and other fruit-growing
districts. -
I7EVADA COUNTY MINES
PRAISED BY PROFESSOR
Andrew Lawson of the University of
California Gives the Result
of Observations.
GRASS VALLEY, April 7.— Professor
Andrew C. Lawson of the chair of geology
and mineralogy In the University of Cal
ifornia, who has been here for several
days in charge of the senior .class in the
school of mining of that institution, mak
ing a study bi the mines, has given out
an interview contrasting the mines of
Nevada County with those of the mother
lode.
¦ "The mother lode is remarkably linear
in Its extent," said Professor Lawson,
"while in Nevada County there is more
of a network of veins. The former are
larger, but not so rfeh. The problem of
reducing the cost of milling ore to the
very lowest amount does not enter into
the problem in the handling of the ores
of this rich locality. In this region I do
not know of any mines that are of such
low grade as to require such great econ
omy in milling."
Professor Lawson and the class left for
the coast this morning.
BIGS THE GUILXOTINE
THAT ENDS HIS IiTFE
SAN JOSE, April 7.— The body of John
Connelly, a woodchopper. was found In his
cabin in the Santa Cruz mountains ne-ir
Wrights with the head severed from the
body. -The neighbors who found the body
believed that he had been murdered, but
after an investigation and Inquest by. the
Coroner to-day it was decided that it waa
a case of suicide.
Connelly had rigged up a guillotine and
cut off his own head. He swung a fcroad
ax by a rope in such a position that when
he cut a cord the ax would fall across his
neck, which was stretched on a block of
wood conveniently located. The plan
worked effectively, as death was prob
ably instantaneous.
The Coroner's Jury fixed the date of the
suicide about March 27, as the body waa
much decomposed.' and it was about that
time that Connelly was last seen alive. He
was 57 years old and unmarried so far as
known. Little is known of his history. v .
Fresno Bicycle Races./
FRESNO, April 7.— The bicycle races of
the National Racing Club were held here
to-day. About 1200 ¦ people • were ' in at
tendance. John Lake .of New York won
both heats in the scratch mile profes
sional race: best time 2:15 2-5. Blanchard
and Turville won the motor cycle five
mile race In 7:48 2-5, three motors contest
ing. There were several accidents in the
amateur races, but no . one. was seriously
hurt. . . *
AT the Columbia.' Theater for the
coming two weeks Blanche Walsh
will be ' the welcome attraction.
She is to appear in an elaborate
production of "More Than Queen,"
the play from the French of Emile Ber
g-erat founded on the romance of Napo
leon and Josephine. Miss. Walsh comes
well supported, and It is said that the
stage settings of the piece are some of the
most magnificent, ever seen on a local
stage. Three carloads of scenery, cos
tumes, furniture, draperies and other par
aphernalia have been brought here for the
presentation. The performance will begin
at 8 o'clock sharp owing- to. the length of
the play, which includes five acts and a
prologue.
"The Idol's Eye,", which began on Sat
urday night last at the Tlvoll, seems to
be In for another long run like that of last
season. The Tivoli has outdone itself in
the production. The new barytone, Ar
thur Cunningham, cast as Don Pablo de
Tabasco, is in the way of becoming- a first
favorite. Hartman as Abel Conn is funny
as ever; Wheelan as "Hoot Mon" is the
same weirdly, comic genius of last year;
Maud Williams Is a melodious Maraqulta,
Annie Meyers a naughty. Nautch girl and
Bernice Holmes an imposing high priest
ess. The opera already goes with much
smoothness, and orchestra and chorus
work shows the firm hand of .the new
leader. .
• • •
The Central Theater this, week offers
"Ingomar," with Robert Downing in the
name role. The part of the noble barba
rian is one of Downing's best efforts, and
much care has been expended throughout
on the play. J-orena Atwood. will essay
the Parthenla, and the rest of the Central
people are all well cast. • ,/ ¦
. • ¦ * * ¦• ¦
"Tennessee's Pardner" will run another
week at the Alcazar Theater, beginning
to-night. Its success has been evinced in
very satisfactory fashion at the box office,
and some of the members have made in
dividual successes in the play. Frank Ba
con as the classic "slouch," Gewhilliker
Hay. does as good work as any in the
company. . ,
• • *
The CaliforniaJTheater, which is now In
the hands of th"e decorators, will reopen
for its regular season on Sunday night
next, with Neill Burgess in "The County
Fair" as the attraction. Sale of seats
will open next Thursday morning.
• • • .
"Cinderella" at the Grand Opera-house
is the week's offering, and with the new
stock company seems to have mate good.
Walter Morqsco's Shetland ponies in Cin
derella's fairy coach are a pretty feature
of the spectacle, and a bright transforma
tion scene and a "bell ballet" are other
notable attractions.
. • *. *
Tschernoffs dogs are still the headliner
of the Orpheum bill. "A Girl of Quality"
also holds her own. Among the newcom
ers are Prevost and Prevost, Hal Ste
phens and company, Josephine Gassman
with her pickaninnies and George H.
Wood. They are all good.
» • •
Laura Lopez, Murphy and Hart, the
Kelcey sisters and Mabel Mack are among
the attractions at Fischer's Concert-house
this week. " .
• ? •
Roscoe and. Sims, Rousell and Howard
and Clinton Montgomery are at the Olym
pia.
• • .*. ¦ ¦ . . . ¦ - •. ¦
A* lectuce on Siberia, for .the benefit of
the Children's Hospital will be given to
night at. Sherman,.&. Clay Hall by. Wil
liam Mitchell Bunker. The lecture will be
illustrated by graphic stereopticori views,
and a good musical programme will fol
low. Tickets $1, at Sherman & Clay's mu
sic store.
• * ». ,
The new bill that opens at the Chutes
to-day Includes Barnes' dog and pony
show; Scott and Wilson, acrobatic come-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, . N.
TV., WASHINGTON, April 7.— The Call's
news of the rejection by the Cuban con
stitutional convention of the relations In
sisted upon by the United States was re
garded here to-day as the most Important
bearing on the'Cuban situation since Con
gress passed the Platt amendment to the
army bill. In Cabinet circles the special
cable from Havana was eagerly read and
seriously discussed. The discussion led to
the announcement of this dictum by one
cf the President's closest advisers:
"American occupation of Cuba must
continue until terms satisfactory to the
United States have beon agreed to.
"There is nothing for the President to
do," the Cabinet official added, "but to
continue the present military government
cf Cuba. Congress has authorized the
President to withdraw from Cuba and
turn the Government over to the inhab
itants of the island upon the acceptance
by the Cubans of certain conditions. The
President cannot withdraw the military
government until these conditions have
been accepted by Cu%a or until Congress
has modified its directions. There Is no
reason for any excitement, either here or
in Cuba, on account of the failure of the
convention to accept the terms which
Congress prescribed. I have no doubt that
matters can be satisfactorily adjusted
r>«>xt winter.
"The action of the Cuban convention is
not altogether unreasonable. It perhaps
would have been better if- the relations
between the United States and the new
Cuban republic could have been adjusted
by negotiations. Congress, however, rath
er than face the probability of an extra
session, anticipated any negotiations by
I>rescribing in advance the conditions un
der which the President should turn over
the government of the island to its peo
pje. This was done in our blunt Anglo-
Faxon way, which the sensitive, excitable
people with whom we are dealing could
not thoroughly understand. This has
grated on the sensitive nature of the
Cubans.
"There is no reason, however, to believe
there will be any difficulty in reaching an
agreement. It is probable that the Cubans
will appoint a commission to come to
Washington and discuss with the repre
sentatives of this Government the future
relations of the two countries. The con
ditions laid down by the Platt amendment
are, in my opinion, wise on the whole.
Their acceptance by the Cubans, I believe,
would have been to their advantage-, as
well as to the' "advantage of the United
States. Yet I will not say that they might
not be modified somewhat without de-
Ftroylng their value. It would be possible
to modify them in a form so as to make
them more acceptable to the Cubans and
jet retain their spirit and everything in
• horn fhqt 5« OKipnHal "
STARVATION DRIVING
NATIVES INTO EXILE
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, March 3L—
Governor Allen has within the last month
or so made several trips Into the interior
and across the western end of the 'island.
On his return on each occasion he has
given to the local press optimistic state
ments regarding the condition of crops
and the outlook generally; but hie opti
mism cannot surmount facts.
Hundreds of persons in this fert'le isl
and are actually starving to-day, because
the plar.ters who formerly employed them
have not the small capital necessary to
plant and cultivate crops. The poverty-
Ftricken condition cf the laboring classes
is shown in their willingnes to emigrate.
There are at present on the island immi
gration agents for .three different associa
tions—one in Hawaii, one In Cuba and
one in Ecuador. None of these flnd it dif
ficult to obtain laborers.
One day last week I was in Guanica In
vestigating cemdittons under which emi
grants sailed for Hawaii. I counted near
ly 900 men,- women and children about to
embark for another land. Seventy-five
per cent of the men were so emaciated
through hunger that it actually tired them
to climb the ship's ladder. The majority
of them had only the clothes on their
backs and absolutely no household be
longings. The children were mostly
naked.
The emigrants to Hawaii are, beyond
denial, well treated At this end of their
journey. Those who went to Cuba are
•well provided for. But 2000 who have
Fignod to go to Ecuador are being urged
to break their contracts, and English
emigrants who went from Jamaica are be
ing held up as examples to them.
While it may be a good thing for the
laborers to emigrate, yet agriculturists
are becoming alarmed and are calling for
Government interference. The island press
is unitecfln opposing extended emigration.
The work of the Porto Rican Commis
sion eent to Washington to protest against
the Hollander tax law is already bearing
fruit here. The law is being enforced as
leniently as possible. Property-owners are
being asked to make their own valuations.
While there has been a pretense of ap
pointing assessors, yet Instructions seem
to have been received from Washington
not to allow any political animosity to in
fluence assessments. < .
Delay Withdrawal oi Troops
by Rejecting Platt
Amendment.
Fiery Islanders Will
Be Brought to
Terms.
CUBA'S COURSE
BARS WAY TO
INDEPENDENCE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 7.— The
steamer City of Seattle arrived late to
night from Skaguay. .Her seven Dawson
passengers report the trail still fair, but
the Ice was broken in several places and
early opening of navigation is expected.
Several deaths have occurred recently in
Dawson from pneumonia. Frank Belcher,
owner of No. 3S above Bonanza, died ten
days ago. He became sick Monday and
died Thursday. United States Consul J.
C McCook had been sick of pneumonia
for several days and. was not expected to
live, according to R.' Nixon of Seattle,
who is on his way to inform the relativca
of Michael Quette of Seattle of his death,
also from pneumonia. Quette had arrived
in from' the outside only four day3 before
his death.
The last passenger stages were to leave
White Horse and Dawson simultaneously
on Saturday, so that until navigation
opens travel will be light.
Dawson gambling houses were closed
from Saturday night until Monday morn
ing, but are now running wide open. The
official statement is that they will be al
lowed to run until June 1.
A renewal of the old-time mining excite
ment has been caused by a strike made
on No. 3 above El Dorado, owned by Hal
stead and Mills. The bedrock there was
rotten and a new bedrock was found
twelve feet deeper. This, held a gold
gravel that is turning out as high as $13
to the pan.
On Tuesday a slide occurred on tns
White Pass line, which knocked the
snowplow off the track, but did no fur
ther damage. The . line was clear n:i
Wednesday. Twenty-seven sacks of ma'l
from the interior from as far as Teller
and Port Clarence, arrived at Skaguay
Tuesday. The carrier left Teller City
January 9, and Nome on the 15th.
Strike of Rich Gold Gravel Above £1
Dorado Causes a Renewal of
the Old-Time Excite- '
j znent. •
Pneumonia Takes Lives in
Dawson and a Consul
j.May Be Dead.
DEATH CLAIMS
ARCTIC MINERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE. Idaho, Aoril 7.— One of the most
diabolical crimes in the history of this
State has come to light at Payette. It
has developed that the nine-year-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Hull,
who live there, was assaulted and then
murdered to conceal the fromer crime or
died from the effects of the attack made
upon her. The crime was committed at
Baker City, Or., last July. Although the
police authorities have been at work on
the case the facts have not been published
before. The people of Payette are aroused
over the matter.
The girl. Delia Fay Hull, went to visit
at Baker City, accompanying 1 some friends
who had been visiting at her home. She
stopped at a boarding-house at the Virtue
mine, near Baker City. At the end of
two weeks the girl's mother wrote from
Payette, asking- her to come home. Mrs.
Jacks, who conducted the boarding-house,
answered the letter, saying that the girl
was having a good time and would be
home soon. Other letters to the girl were
also answered by Mrs. Jacks, all stating
that the grfrl would be sent .home soon.
Then like a thunderclap came a telegram,
signed R. H. Butler, saying: "Come im
mediately; your daughter, Fay, is dying."
It has since been learned that the girl was
dead when the telegram was sent. . . : „.
Mrs. Hull -went to Baker City at once,
and was told on her arrival, that her
daughter was dead. It was stated she
had died from diphtheria, although the
mother had never been advised of any ill
ness. The mother' was not allowed to
handle the body, which had been em
balmed. A physician's certificate declared
that the girl had died from diphtheria.
Butler, who told Mrs. Hull he was fore
man at the Virtue mine, and Mrs. Jack3
accompanied the body and Mrs. Hull
home.
Butler never left the unopened casket
until it was lowered into the grave. He
returned to Baker City, after paying all
the expenses of preparing: the body for
burial and. its transportation to Payette.
His actions aroused the suspicions of Dr.
A. T. Kimmell, who, with Dr. Ira R.
Woodward, local doctors, exhumed the
body. They found absolutely.no evidence
that the girl had died from diphtheria, but
they did flnd unmistakable proof that
she had been assaulted. The result of the
autopsy was laid before District Attorney
White at Baker City, who has not as yet
called it to the attention of the Grand
Jury. The matter was effectually hushed
up until investigated ox the instance of the
Boise Statesman.
The girl, though only in her tenth year,
¦was a handsome child and' large for her
age.
The name of a prominent mining man
and others will be called to the attention
of the authorities, as steps are being
taken in this Stata to force a thorough
official investigation in Oregon. The the
ory of the Idaho officers is that Butler
had nothing- to do with the crime, but
has full knowledge of the facts, and was
merely employed to shield the real cul
prit.
While Visiting Friends Delia Hull
Dies Suddenly and an Investi
gation May Involve Some
Prominent Names.
An Idaho Girl Declared to
Have Been Murdered at
Baker City. .
MYSTERY VEILS
CHILD'S DEATH
BLANCHE WALSH ONCE MORE
TO CHARM SAN FRANCISCANS
Clever Newcomers Appear at the Orpheum==='idol's
Eye" Seems to Be in for Long Run at Tivoli.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. April 7.— The Sacra
mento Street Fair and Trades Carnival
will open ilay 6 and continue to May 11.
Contracts have been let for the erection
of triumphal arches and a throne for the
May queen, and for pillars, to be placed
twenty feet apart, on the streets sur
rounding Capitol Park to support many
thousands of colored electric lights strung
in festoons across the thoroughfares. The
Midway, which will run directly through
Capitol Park on Thirteenth street, will
afford scores of attractions, not a few of
which will come here directly from the
East. Altogether the street fair this year
will be conducted on a scale of magnifi
cence not approached by the Initial ven
ture last year, although the latter won
for the capital city the praise of the en
tire Pacific Coast.
A unique incident of the street fair is
the inauguration in the various towns of
Northern California of local contests for
the selection of maids of honor. The
choice of the May queen will be entirely
local to Sacramento, and the voting la go
ing on with a fervor promising a rich re
ward in nickels. But instead of the selec
tion of her suite being left to the May
queen, the street fair committee has de
cided to show 5ts appreciation of the sup
port rendered It by surrounding commu
nities by allowing them representation on
the great white throne. Therefore Nevada
City, Grass Valley, Auburn. "Woodland.
Redding. Stockton, Placerville and sev
eral other cities and towns will each send
one of its prettiest girls to vie with the
beauties of Sacramento- and to show to
the thousands of visitors who are expect
ed during carnival week that Northern
California can produce rare types of wom
anly lqveliness as well" as* choice fruits
and flowers.
That the street fair committee is not In
spired by a selfish motive is proved by the
circumstance that each town has been
told to use every cent realized from, the
maid of honor contest in the purchase of
a suitable wardrobe for the fortunate
winner. The street fair committee will
house and entertain the maids of honor,
and they will take a leading: part In the
great floral pageant of May 8, in the court
ball and in all the brilliant functions of
the week.
In response to the unanimous request at
the street fair committee and of the com
mittees from the three local parlors of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West
having the event in charge, Secretary of
State Charles F. Curry ha3 Agreed to act
as grand marshal of the floral parade.
Several hundreds of dollars will be offered
as prizes for turnouts in this pageant .
and it promises to present a display of
floral wealth such as has never been seen
in the past, either in Sacramento or else
where.
Maids of Will. Be Selected
From All the Towns Partici- '
pating in the May Cele
bration.
Sacramento Making Great
Preparations for Their
Big Carnival.
FLOWERS WILL
WREATHE BELLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, %PRIL 8, 1901.
7
JWQQltfJkh
The herbs of this wonderful remedy act directly
on the kidneys and correct any disorders of
those vital organs quicker than "any other
remedy. .
A xoo-Pace Book of Stories and M.)|iv
Anecdote* of Abraham Lincoln free JSifl^£^
with every 35-cent package.
ALL DRUGGISTS. ISHm/uS?
' a ANHFII^PR-BUSCHTS-
fr^f(pip§BJi^ is easily assimilated
r^^yvJW ' by the weakest stom-
ach. Enriches the blood, increases its
nourishing power. Good for ill, convales-
cent and well. All can use it with benefit.
Sold by druggists. The superb product of the
Anheuser^BuschBrewing Assii
• ' : St. L6"ms, U. ' S. A. .
/; Brewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
-Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black & Tan and Exquisite.
Kidney Cripples
Are you one of those Kidney Crip-
ples with a weak back? Can't stand
up erect without those sharp pains in
small of the back. Waken up in the
night with distress in the kidneys,
which makes you restless and unable
to sleep well. You are in danger of
Bright's Disease and should correct
the trouble at once withTHE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, 8, -19O1.
8
SAX FRAXCISCO CAIX.
BUSINESS OrnCEof The San FrancUeo
Ca.l. corner of Market and Third etreeU; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; opr- until 9:30 p. ttu
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner -lxteenth: open
until S r>. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until » p. m. .
North wert corner Twenf-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
31EETIXG >OTICES. -Y^%r--i i
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16, K.
T Golden Gate building, 625 Swtter Et. **_jp
—Special assembly THIS EVENING at g_j
8 o'clock The Order of the Temple will H
be conferred. All fraters are courte- ~r
ous y n ' l _ t Qg ERT McMlLLAN, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder. ' ;
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. l.Joj'il »/i-
Arch Masons, meets THIS E\EMNG. »LJ\
Degree 5, L. F. '^
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at _/%_
7:20 o'clock. Third degree. Master j£_«
Masons cordially invited. By order of / V '
the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 230, -F. __
and A. M-, Flllmore st., between Bush A f\ r
and Sutter. Franklin Hall— First de- TKJ\
gree THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. '? A
* HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 168. F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting TUESDAY. April _f\_
S> at 1:30 p. m., for the purpose of con- J^J\
ducting the funeral of our deceased / V *
brother. IRASON CRONER BROWN. Rela-
tives and friends are respectfully invited. |
By order of the Master.
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
THE Riggers' and Stevedores' Union Associa-
tion will meet THIS (MONDAY) EVENING,
at 32 O'Farrell st A full attendance is
earnestly requested, as business of impor-
tance will come before the meetintr.
A. CAMPBELL. President
F. E. DURHAM. Recording Secretary.
THE BOARD OF PHARMACY
not having been organized, there will be no
meeting for examination and registration
until further notice.
JOHN CALVERT, Acting Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having r*-
ctived applications to mine by the hydraulic
f>roc«»ES from F. C. LeBlond and W. E.- Olin-
elead. in the Chaparral Hill mine, near
Downieville. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings ir.
Goodyear Creek; from Ah Lung, In the Ful-
ler Flat mine, near Scales, Sierra Co., to d<»-
T'OFit tailings in Canyon Creek: from J. II
Fklnner. in the Lava Point mine, at Hepsl-
datn. eierra Co.. to . deposit fallings in
"Whiskey Creek: from J. W. Dempsey, in the
Hungarian Hill mine, near Quincy. Plumas
Co.. to deposit tailings in Whiskey Creek.
*nd from J. S. .Carter and William Deal, In
the Cadmus mine, at head of Peters ; Creek.
Piumas Co.. to deposit tailings In Peters
Creek, gives notice that a meetine will ue
he'.d at room 59. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on April 15. 1301. at 1:30 p. m.
THE adjourned annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Pacific Undertakers will be
held at 777 Mission St.. on MONDAY. April
S. 1501. at 8:80 p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors for the balance of the ensuinpr term
Rr.d the transaction of "Burh other business as
may come before It Transfer books will
cles* Friday, Anril E. 1901. at 4 p. m.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
ADOPTION.
GOOD home open for he_lthv boy and srtrl
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1H6 Sth. Alam»3a.
AGEVTS WANTED.
SOLICITOR wanted— Good position and salary
to capable man. California Phcto Engraving
Co.. S13 Market at
SOLICITORS, male or female. 50 per cent com-
mlFslon. 2?7 Hayes st.
ASPHAI.TUM' ROOPIXG. , -j
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- 1
paired; postal. 11SS Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
-- fee without success; collectk ns. G. \V. '
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market., cor. Stocktn. '
J. H. McKNIGHT, collections; damages; es- :
tates; mining; open even. T92 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE fr«»e; no charges unless successful. W.
W DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no fees in advance.
HUSIAESS CHASCES.
A-UOOO; FIRST-CLASS and elegantly fitted up
restaurant; choicest downtown location; do-
ing a good paying business: rent 150; a rare
business offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4
Kearny Et. .
A— $1300; DELICACY and provision 6tore: 1 •
block from Market et; daily receipts from |
J?.'. to {40: a first-class, paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2Gi£ Kearny St.
A— flSCO; SALOON In wholesale district; no
night cr Sunday work; rent $50; daily re-
.oelpts $20; good business; owner engaged
otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE, 26»i Kearny. i
A— $CTO; SALOON; corner; enly one block S. of
Market St.; net rent J35; a first-class paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE, _6',i Kear-
ny st.
A— $1850; CORNER grocery and bar. on Point
Lobos ave.; rent $40; lease; living rooms; old
established and first-class paying business,
•with large stock; rare chance. Call'R. G.
WILKE. 2SH Kearny st.
A— $300: RESTAURANT on Sansome St.; rent
US; good paying. R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $1900; PARTNER wanted .in plumbing shop;
JO years; well paying, large patronage;
shop, bldg.. horse, wagon and stock; business
man or mechanic wanted; $250 per month
guaranteed. Call R. G. WILKE. 2S»j Kearny.
A A ...A
Marion Griffin. 719 Market st, by Call bldg.
A branch bakery on Fillmore Et. ; rent. 120
S fine Jiving rooms; pood business; invoice....
A saloon and 12 elegar.tly furnished rooms;...
rent 1115: finest proposition in this city;
a money-maker for a man and wife
A .restaurant; good location; fine business;...
JTiO cash, bal. 110 month; a good proposition...
Bakery and cafe: mining town; 2000 people;.,
rent only $25: sold on account of sickness.
C. ANTHONY & CO.. 759 Market st
Phone Black 4071
...Money loaned on legitimate propositions...
List your business with us
We sell for cash
*400— Bakery; "Western Addition "
$27o — Branch bakery; near school >
1700— Butcher shop; Mission; horse, wagon...
JWO— Candy, ice cream parlor; leading street..
J250— Cigar Eland; wholesale district
— — . — — — _ _
A SPLENDID paying drugstore.
Will tell stock and store complete
or will sell prescription books,
- fine fixtures and goodwill.
Daily eales average $75.
On very best business corner.
Established many years aso.
Thorough investigation solicited.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. by Call bldg.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 croceries and bars.
300 candy and icecream stores, 500 restaurants.
POO stores of all kinds; partners wanted
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to huy a busin<r33 call and see us.
WALTER HAYES 61 CO.. £38 Market st.
FOR private eale; some of the best saloons in
_the city. WALTER HAVES & CO.. 838 Mkt.
SPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
. tionally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
Junch. grocery arid bar and delicatessen
stoiee; also restaurants, barber shops and
g.loong. FISHER & CO.. 835 Market st.
CHOPHOUSE on Sixth Ft.; bargain: must seil
at once; worth $500; will sell for $250 FISH-
ER & CO-. CSS Market st
CIGAR store; good location: owner leaving
city; make offer; gr-wery and bar;. good cor-
ner; owner has other business; will sacrifice
for $4£0. Bargains in hotels, delicatessens,
• butcher shops, cigar stores, drag stores,'
branch bakeries, confectioneries, livery, etc
¦ G. XV. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1 and 2. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
A — GOOD restaurant complete: good, payer: in
manufacturing center: cheap rent DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market tt
RESTAURANT; good location; cheap rent-
dally receipts 116 to S20: make offer to-day-
mart be sold. LUXDIN' _ CO.. 906 Market st.
555C0 — FOR eale— Roadhouee east of Hay wards- ''
one acre land and improvements. Fcr partic-
ulars apply M. L. CRANZ. 4S3 Eddy st, S. F.
HIGHLY profitable, exclusive staple formulas-
world-wide field: promoter cr investor Ad-
dress box 2310, Call office.
PRIVILEGE for sale for benefit picnic or
tree barbecue cf Old Frienls .-it Glen Park
on Sunday. April 14. Apply at 4_J Kearny.
J100— BARBER shop: bargain; coin* East cause'
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
tSOO-BAKERY for tale. 613 Post street.
OLD established corner saloon; 2 sunny living
rooms; no ¦ reasonable offer refused. S54 4th.
WILL rent, long lease, newly furnished v res-
taurant; cheap rent Address box 2938, Call.
SMALL neam laundry at a bargain; power and
water included in rent. Box 2SG6. Call office.
IN VEST , $200. good cash business, and receive
good salary in return. Box 2S05i Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A GENTLEMAN representing foi-eeveral years
a large California house would like to make
other connections in canned and dried fruits,
beans; etc.; best references furnished If neces-
sary. Address room 311. Board of Trade build-
ing, New Orleans. '
A— $350: REST AITR ANT; no better location in
the city; this' Is positively worth over $1000,
but it must go immediately. Business Board
of Trade, 326 Pine at; phone Davis SSfl.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for «al«. Apply
Call Business office, ,'i L
FOR SALE— Account 111 health; general mer-
chandise store in thriving manufacturing
center; 15 miles from San Francisco; $3C00 or
by invoice. Call box 2783. Call.
EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY for mechanic
with some little capital to obtain paying posi-
tion in a new furniture manufacturing com-
pany. Address O. F.. box 2S27, Call offise.
A BARGAIN— Milk depot; butter and eggs and
delicacy store; 2 furnished rooms; make offer;
leaving city. 324 Fifth Bt. ¦- "
FOR sale— Paying- lunch house and bar. In-
quire at MURKEN'S grocery, corner Fine
and Polk sts. -
FOR sale— Small restaurant: cheap; two living-
rooms. Box 2895. Call office. •¦
WANTED— Partner In butcher business: expe-
rience not needed; references. 3055 Sixteenth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions. has been established at 1096 va-
lencla st. .
aE LODGING-HOUSES S FOB f ,S AJLB_^g
aTcameron & co.,
S50 Market st. and £ Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phono Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or busines?
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and srices. Buyers, see our list
of barealns: ¦ - • -
34 rooms. Van Ness: r=nt $1SO; boarding-
house; good furniture ir.d carpets $35C0
31 -rooms: Market; rent $i50; good transient;
always full;, good investment ....$1400
35 rooms; Howard; rent ISO; good transient
house; pays well titXt
20 rooms; Turk; rent $S0; new SWiO
12 rooms; rent $C5; hardwood furniture; g;*id
carpets; clears $100: private boarding-house. $U0J
15 rooms; rent $70; elegant furniture, with
piano: always full;, table board $1100
Inventories and legal papers typewritten;- rea-
sonable rates. .
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THK
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
S rooms; fine location; elegant furniture. $2*>
II rooms; always full; good income: on!y.$;>00
18 rooms; sunny corner; cheap rent $100^
27 rooms; apartment house- well furn — »o"0
46 rooms; downtown: a wise investment. S265O
89 rooms; modern house; clears $450 mo.. $9,500
150 rooms; first-class hotel; bus. people.. $25.<iO
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,009
Also boarding-houses ano country hotels.
See our special bargain J.st before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., S3S Market st.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all' sizes and prices;
CO rooms, close in, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new. clean; clears $50.. 900
34 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
30 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, enly ?200 cash, balance pay-
ments 500
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market st.
MORTGAGED HOUSES 1 HAT MUST SELL
21 rooms; new: near Maiket st $13^3
20 room/; central; part cu:h...... r 1000
32 rooms; corner; good liouFe 270)
24 rooms; offer wanted; see it 1OK>
47 rooms: rent enly $60 1109
WINSTON /i WOLF. 1026 Maiket st.
LODGING-HOUSES. boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1SS2; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guarantfied. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 191L
Rooms 1. 2, No. 917 Market -st, opp. Mason.
24 SUNNY rooms; lent only $70.... ..$170>
17 rooms: all lipht: transient 1-V.O
43 rooms: Post; half ean stand 250>
35 rooms: Howard: well rented ...10)0
EITEL & CARROLL, imvea to 1032 Market.
S3 ROOMS on Howard; rent '$80; price $1000?
I 19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75: price $150>>
Jl rooms: McAllister St. : rent $40; price $350.
14 rooms: Mission Ft: re it S-i0: price $530.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S Sixth st
_ __ _
M GRIFFIN. 713 Market st— By Call bids.
1 have houses of all sizj-; and prices for sale
and exchange. I will lend you part of the
I money and net you a cood title.
i FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.; tel. Jpssie 15^.
4S rooms; north of Market; only... JI6-W
16 rooms; Hyde: very fmely furnished tjOO
20 rooms: rent CO; location desirable 909
If a bargain we have t'r.erp. at any price.
J7.-.00 — A SNAP— 50-room nearly new hotel, with
2 stores: large lot: main street. Alameda;
will exchange. Appiy A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market j=t.
FOR sale— A 6-ronm- furnished houss; nice
home; rent $23. 1614 Bush st. •
14 ROOMS, central: transient: neatly furnished;
rent $40: birsa:n. Donnelly Co.. '532 Mark.; 1 :.
gpj-^-.UALISM. ~
KNOU^YOURSELF! Self-knowledge leads~to
WISDOM! Learn to take advantage of the
flood tide that bears to FORTUNE. Send
date of month of birth for complete- charac-
ter delineation, practical advice, etc., 25c;
three Questions answered, 25c; lectures de-
livered bv appointment; Interesting demon-
strations; PHTCHIC CARTOMANCY, new in
the field of OCCULTISM. Send stamp for
particulars. Address "SPHINXIA," P. O.
box 2165, San Francisco.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling; your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium in the
¦ world' so sure of his occult power that he
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
stamps for answers. 1332 Market St., opp. 7th.
| AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
j world-renowr.ed spiritual medium; advice in
I all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
I cles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve.; letters answered.
Resld. (no siens). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
| A^MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings fl. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough, Ellis car.
j MME. GYEISX, trance medium: advice in all
j Rffairs cf life: sittings from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9,
at 33 Sisth st, rooms 16 and 17.
JOHN SLATER'S circle to-night, 8:13: sittings
10 to 4. 1809 Stockton Et, near Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer, Room 14. 305 Larkin st.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues. and Thurs.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. 146 Eddy st. ¦•.. •
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: tests to all to-night: 10c:
- CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future, if you are In trouble, discontented, un-
liappy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business trouble! 1 , consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life;. 25c up; perfect satisfaction fruaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the i well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail: send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the greal clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215' / 4 Sixth st. ¦
MME. VALEEN, palmist and life reader,
psychic and magnetic healer: cures diseases
and habits; teaches how to influence people
and be successful in love and financial "af-
fairs. 215 Leavenworth Et.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ card
.reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. alt. $1 50. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, "palmist; advice on all
affairs of life: business, love, mining, law-
gults. »6H Kearny. r. 5, 6; hrs. 10 to 1J. 1 to 7.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy. - clairvoyant and
- palmist; permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and palmist:
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on
earth; readings daily. 1130^Market st.
MME. RENNER. life, planet reader, palmis-
try; ladles only, 25c and 69c; German spo-
ken. 725 Ellis St. -•
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; J~c up. 472 Stevenson st,cor.6th.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh st.
YOITXG Zemdar. clairvoyant business medium;
. names given; L. 50c. G. $L 1203 Mkt. cor. Sth.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;G*rman spoken ;tel.Howard 1S16.
CLAIRVOYANT- carl reader; just arrived
from La.. 15c: ladies only. 262 Minna, nr. 4th.
"MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S\j Jessie st. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmfntry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business
advice; names given; CJc up. 5 Fourth st. *
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with ¦ poor work
send to SPAULDING'- Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works J _353-S57jr_hamj__'_^
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St. ; phone South 146. '.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating -Works. G. H..
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth st; tel. South 2oO.
J E. .MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. .40 Fourteenth at.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Maine 394. GEO. "WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at'lhe lowest rates. STRAT-
¦ TON, 3 Eighth st. Telephone Jesse 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Be_ting Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
! CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blaina; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room .310. 927 .Market st. ,
COTTAGES- TO LET.
TWENTY-FIFTH,' 3833— Cottage, 3 roorns^; large
yard; rent $8. .¦¦¦¦¦ '•¦'•¦.
i DENTISTS. •
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7,* Flood .bids., you can
have your extractions dor.s painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, '
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 0 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions ; or fillings ¦ by ' my
wonderful . secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest nnd guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable piate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 year*; crowns. $3 50: fillings,
EOc; plates, $5: full sat; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. S4 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates /na4e over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; 'extracting. 50c; gas given.
MEYER. 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized.
: alr;crowns;brldgewoik. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings, 25c.
DR. R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 5pc: plates $5 up:phone Polk 1135.
DR. 11. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aniiner building; formerly in'Murphy bldg.-
LOWEST prices in _. F. Painless extraction,
M)c. N. Y. Dentists, f.69 Mission st. cor. 6t!-h
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 10C1 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st
j DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut . 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating: country < orders prompt
attention. 121 Poet, o'-er O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. .' -
PROF. CALDBRWOOD'S Faculty Developing
School, opposite Hale' s, . 1130 "Market st—
Talent discovered for law, journalism, medi-
cine, dentistry. . elocution, psychology, drama,
music, drawing mathematics, teaching,
banking, literature, electricity, assaying,
- mining, farming, manufacturing, inventing,
etc.; 5Cc; open evenings . and Sundays.
GALLAGHER-MARSH Colleee, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; -catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
S. F.— Bodkkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and ininins? engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions: ne>v*J>0-pase catalogue free.
j AYRES' Business College, 723 Market 'st— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50; individual
I. instruction; positions secured catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. F'nelan building.
PRIVATE teacher, with' several years' suc-
j cessful experience," desires a few pupils in
?:ng. branches; special attention young chil-
I dren; best refs. 19 Glen Park, bet. 12th & 13th.
] CALIFORNIA BUSINK^S COLLEGE has posl-
1 tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl-
i tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.,mining,mech.,sur-
f vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and -the
Gregg shorthand costr. only $60. San .Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct..22O Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER Colleg?. shorthand and
i typing, removed to new quarters, ; rms. 40-45,
I Parrott bldg.; Individ Instruction; catalogue.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st. .
, : — — . : 1
CROW'S Dancing Academy; private. or class;
waltz a specialty. 615 Post st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
! ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night claBS. 424 Pine st.
j 'employment offices.
JAPANESE Employment Office and : House-
cleaning Co., best help; send men- at. . short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel.. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203..
RELIABLE- Japanese-Chiness employment of-
fice; all kinds help. ; 315 -Stockton; Main 51SS. _
ORPHKUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
j JAPANESE and Chinese employment office—
j Best help. C26 O'Fairell st; tel. Hyde 219L
i CHINESE and Jacanese employment office—
! Best help. IWi, O'Farrell st.: tel. Kast 41»S.
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
REFINED young Swiss lady wants a position)
for upstairs work in American family; city
preferred ;¦ city references 3 years. Call or
address 4060A Seventeenth . St., off Castro.
WOMAN with references desires to be em-
ployed half days at washing or housework;
terras 60c. Address box 2934. Call.
GOOD cook wishes housework in private family
out of city: reference. Call at 462'-4 Minna
St., near Sixth. , ' - 1 ¦'-,-
WOMAN wants to go cut by the day or half-
day; quick and neat. 4 Sherwood place, off
Third st. between Howard and Mission.
COMPETENT chambermaid • desires position in
hotel or Iodglng-h6use.. Call cr address C,
28V; Clay st. ¦ ;¦¦--'¦'
GERMAN, good cook, would like a position in
Santa Barbara; good reference. Box 2937,
Call office. .-- .. .' • . ¦¦
RESPECTABLE woman would do cooking and
housework. Apply 126 Silver St.. upstairs. / ;
LADY would like children's and plain sewing
at home or ' by the day. Address MRS.
FISHER. 2221 Webster, st.
NEAT young girl wishes a place" for light
housework: country preferred. 446 "Seventh
, st.,- near Bryant. , . -';','¦ ¦ . ' .
SITUATION wanted by a competent S we/dish
girl as cook or general housework in a small
family. Call Monday aj 713 Minna st.
SKIRTS and waist linings cut and fitted, 25c.
10 Metcalf place, near Mason, off Geary.
A WOMAN wants plain sewing and mending;
call after 6 p. m. : also will do housework.
E. E. M.' IIS Sixth St..
HONEST middle-aged German ; woman, with-
out .lncumbrances. desires -chamberwork in
hotel, respectable lodging-house or resort.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-.
. ket— 200 rooms ; 25c to $1 50 per night : $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ' .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions has been established et •- 1093
¦Valencia st ¦ .. .-.-¦• ¦ - -.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE. ,
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener, willing and
obliging, wants position -in private "family,'
summer resort.-institution; can care for lawn,-
flowers, vegetables,- horses,, cows; all round
man; very -handy and. useful; good refer-
ences. Box 2935, Call. ;
SITUATION by ¦ young man taking care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 2874, Call office. , ,
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes position: : is fine
cook or can do general housework. -Box 2936,
Call office. ......... , ,
BARBER, 2 years' ; experience, ., wants work
with cood man. ; Box 2933, Call.. ;;•-.,
RELIABLE single man wants a Job as a plain
gardener; understands to milk and raise veg-
etables: also handy with tools: .with- best of
references. J Box 2S0O,' Call office.
_ EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
BY trustworthy, reliable, active .'. man. large
business" experience; Income ia' Insufficient;
>> live: on- small -salary; pleasant occupation;
;No. 1 references. Please address box 290,;CalL
BY an ./industrious, trustworthy, active man.
outdoor occupation preferred; good home more
an- object than -salary; No. -1 references.
Please address box 289, Call office.
SITUATION by young man' (German), taking
care- of ' horses, cow, garden: useful in . gen-
eral ; references. Address E. BURKE. Ar-
lington Hotel, 474 Ninth at. cor Washington,
• Oakland, Cal. ¦ > r -• - ¦ *
ENGINEER (German), middle-aged, licensed,
with thorough knowledge about ice machin-
ery and able to take charge, of plant. Is
open for engagement: flrst-cUfss reference.
Address B. T., box 2828, Call office. .
MECHANICAL engineer would like situation;
stationary, hoisting or pump work. Address
Engineer Headquarters. 105 and 107 Mission
st. S. F.; telephone Main 562.
ENGINEER, first-class mechanic wants posl-
tion. Address A. O. U., box ¦ 2S96, ' Call..
POSITION wanted by competent man as col-
lector; bonds and references; salary no ob-
Ject Box 2829. Call office. --. ¦
COMPETENT and thoroughly expereleniced
* stenographer, young man, energetic and am-
bitious, desires position; Al references. Box
2918, Call office.. • a
A . GRADUATE In pharmacy wants employ-
- ment in city or country; single man. Ad-
. dresa Druggist, box 2921, Call.
MAN and wife, without children, wish situa-
tion to take charge of a j ranch ; best of ref-
erences given. Box 2928. Call office. '
GOOD reliable man and wife wish work on
ranch; wife good plain cook. Box 2929. Call.
STEADY reliable man wishes situation: private
house; taking care of horses, housework and
.make himself generally (useful. Box 2865. Call.
BY a first-class cake ba_er and confectioner;
good references: wants situation. Box 2795.
Call office. . ' .. .
CARPENTER wants steady work; would ln-
: vest small capital. Box 2863. Call office.
MARRIED gardener with first-class references
•desires situation. Add.' V. P., box 2858, Call.
ET experience'l dry good man; [a country
town; dress goods or domestic;, no window
trimming: good references. Box 2784. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st " . : ¦''. : . - .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
FINANCIAL.
FOH^iNVESTOK? 1 !!"' i "~~ ™~
I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and income, city property; gilt-
edge bonds and stocks j of electric, gas, rail-
road and industrial corporations; money to
loan; investments made; bank references; cor-
; respondence solicited. -..
T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
Room 40, 310 Pine St.,
' . San Francisco.
$fiC00 LOAN wanted on Improved ranch prop-
erty within 65 miles of S. F. ; will pay 8 per
" cent net. Box 2843, Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
! A SNAP— Five rooms, bath; near Taylor and
Geary: $25. SPECK & CO.
FLAT -of 4 rooms and bath. 1307A Broadway;
rent $12 £0. . -¦ -¦
NICE lower flat, 5 rooms, bath, garden; keyc
. at 828 Lombard St., 1 to 3.
NICE sunny flat; corner; 7 rooms and bath.
402 Ninth st. ¦-- ;
OCTAVIA, 615— Corner sunny upper flat, 7
'rooms and bath; $S5. ".! /
TWO sunny flats #ear City Hall; 6-room flat,
12 Grove st. ; 4-room flat, 62 Ivy ave.
$6 50— FLAT of 3 rooms. 246 Harriet St., bet.
.Sixth and Seventh. Harrison and Bryant
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In cak, $1S 50, with No. 7
rarpe. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat for sale; central
location; cheap rent. Apply 202 Fifth st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
; Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
I ' furniture & furn' d houses bought; spot cash.
EEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folsom
5245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
CliAS. LEVY buys ycur furniture, carpets,
piano3. etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie .761.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
. " .. • HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
;. 4 waitresses, Arizona, free fare..... $25
2 waitresBss, south, free fare .......$25
2 waitresses, commercial hotel. $20
Waitress, San Jose .- $25
Waitress, Vallejo $20
Waitress; Nevada Co., see party here $20
2 waitresses, Institution, country — $25
Chambermaid, institution, country. '...a $25
2 restaurant -waitresses $7 week
10 waitresses, city '..' $20
Pastry cook, hotel, city .' $40
Pastry cook,« short hours, sleep home..$> week
' Cock, 12 boarders, Oakland $3«
Chambermaid to wait Colusa, fare paid. ..$20
. . FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Girl to take care of small children, choice
place, $15 to $17 50, office fee paid by lady.
2 Klrls-for same family, general housework
and care of children .$20 and $15
Wanted by the 14th. good plain cook and
housework, small American family; office fee
«_ paid by lady. . . '
Swedish house girls $25
Cook, German- style, 2 in family.. — ;......$35
Cook. San Rafael, small^family.. :....$30
House girl, Marin Co., see party here, $25;
' French second "lrl, $25; Swedish second girl,
$25; second girl, $20; 2 cooks, city, $30; house-
keeper fcr lady and two, boys, $15; young
- girl, light work. and act as companion, $12;
., infant's nurse. ¦ .'
. C. R. . HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st
A MIDDLE-AGED American housekeeper; one
. who can take charge of a large family of
children and used to handling- help; $40. ¦ C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
MRS. M. E. DA.Y _ CO. .... ..Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
12 waitresses, first-class commercial hotels,
$20 and $23; 5 waitresses, city, 1 $20; 2 restau-
rant waitresses,- $6 and $7; 3 chambermaids
to wait, $20; ¦ 2 chambermaids, no • waiting,
same— hotel, near city, $15; woman cook, $12
week; 2 pastry cooks, $30.
¦¦' ....' FAMILY DEPARTMENT
,Cook and second girl, $45; housegirl, Ameri-
can family, $25, Santa Rosa, fare paid; many
choice places in city. $20 to $30;. companion
to elderly lady, must do plain sewing. $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 'Geary St.
LADY who can play piano for office of first-
class' resort: see party here. MRS. M. E.
DAY &' CO.. 335 Geary sj.
WANTED — A working housekeeper at $25 per
month, to look after the house, keep ' it - in
order and - wait j at the table only I when the
owner is at the. residence; -no cooking, , no
'washing; no woman to boss you; a very nice
and responsible place; for the country. /J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 418 Powell, st— Help of
all nationalities to fill Various positions.
A— WANTED— Small girl to assist in ' house-
work; wages $10. 4047 Seventeenth st. * •
GIRLS at -MRS. BLESSING'S Employment
Office, 415 Stockton st. ; call bet. 1 and 7.
WOMAN to cook and do light, housework:
Alameda; family of 5; $20. H. A. SMITH.
.. 25 Market st . .' „
JvEAT young girl for upstairs work and-sew-
- ing. 2520 Vallejo st ¦ . - ¦ - ' -. • ¦'¦¦
WANTED— An experienced bindery girl. MY-
SELL-ROLLIXS CO., 22 Clay, st.
YOUNG girl; assist . with' light housework;
sleep home. Apply ¦ 1434 Leavenworth st.
GIRL for housework. 931, Ellis st.
GERMAN girl for general housework. -1713
Leavenworth st., bet. Broadway and Vallejo.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady. Talace Millinery,
1036 Market st. ;..•'•
PANTS finishers at once; good salary. HENRY
HILP. 106 Battery Bt ., - i
GIRL for 'general housework. : 907 Devisa-
dero st. .. '-. '. ..¦ ' '
WANTED— Apprentice • for tailoring; one who
can sew. 720 Bush st. ' . . , '.",
EXPERIENCED . help in dressmaking wanted.
I 844 McAllister Et., corner of La iguna. .
2 WAITRESSES wanted at 1550 Market st.
WANTED— First-class finisher ; on pants, 75c
> pair and steady work. 211 Vi Tehama. st.
GERMAN or Swedish .girl for general house-
, ; work and cooking, $25. 709 Mason : st. .' ' '
WANTED— Chambermaid, $15 per month, room
-and board. ,211 Fourth st. v - • •
"WANTED — Gh-1 for : general housework :'- and
cooking. Apply Monday forenoon, 2321 Scott*
GOOD woman for general housework; 3 In fam-
: : lly. 845 California st . ¦ -¦ - \ . : > .
WANTED— Young girl for- light housework;
family of 2; $10. 1126 Turk 8t..; : '. --' ,
.WANTED— Nursegirl to • take care of 1 child;
must sleep home; wages ?8. Call 816 Sutter.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats. 4 927
'¦:- Market st ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ . > ' \
WOMAN 30 years of age for light housework;
>'; 2 in family. 716 ; Franklin st :
' '_'_1_ELP WANTEp— PEMAL---Con.
APPRENTICES on coats, vests and pants; paid
while. learning. BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. - , ->. . - : -*
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. BELAS-
- CO-HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
OPERATORS on pants and vests; steady work.
. BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
GIRL for housework and cokolng; no washing;
$3 to £3 50 per week. 153 Octavla st.
WANTED— In San Rafael, for general house-
work i In a family of 5, a strong, quick, ln-
' telligent " girl with good references ; between
age 28 and 30; wages $30 per month. Ad-
dress P. O. box 225,. San Rafael. Cal. .
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Bis Commissions ..»
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANT. 21 Spear st. • '
WANTED— First-class finishers on good pants;
steady work; good pay. Inquire Monday and
Tuesday at JOE LANCASTER'S. Tenth and
•Washington sts.. Oakland. - .'¦
WHOLESALE house desires the services of a
woman not under 25, who is Intelligent and
trustworthy; no bookkeeping or stenography.
Box 2912, Call office. ;
'YOUNG girl wanted for Alameda for general
housework. Call at 1C64 McAllister Bt.. San
Francisco,- Monday, between 2 and 3 p. m. ;
call 3 days.. '
TAILORESS on custom-maje coats; $2 per day:
also improvers. 272 Stevenson st. bet Third
and Fourth..' i , v
WANTED— A dressmaker, who would exchange
sewing for, first-class music or French' les-
so-s. 1235 Market st. room 119; 2 to 7 p. m.
A LADY to assist In housework and sewing;
- good home; fair pay, for right party; 2 p. m.
116 Taylor -t. : " -¦"''.-
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators; steady
work; good pay. LOWENBERG & CO., 27
Jessie st. - ¦ ¦ >
WANTED— First-class chocolate dipper. Ad-
dress box 2796, Call office.
FINISHERS on cloaks. Apply M. SIMINOFF.
1228 Market at . ' •_
WANTED— Goodcpantsflnishers: steady work;
good wages. HENRY HILP. 106 Battery at
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON _ CO.. 535 Market st.
EXPERIENCED finishers and tuckers on la-
dies' waists. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light housed
work; small family: home; $12. 1510 Vallejo.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; $20.
Call 1833 Ellis St. > ' '
WANTED— First-clsiss saleslady for cloak and
suit house; good salary. Bex 2930. Call office.
PANTS finisher; steady work; also apprentice;
paid while learning. 14 McAllister, room 18.
WANTED— First-class skirt trimmer. COX, 336
O'Farrell st '
GIRL to take care. of children; $.10. 1821 Point
Lobos ave. ¦.•¦•'¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia St.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^^T^V~HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185 '
,.. RAILROAD WORK j
Teamsters, Nevada Free fare
Teamsters, Uklah *-
Heading men. Chatsworth Park: ..$2 50
Timber men, Chatsworth Park..... ..$2 50
Drillers, /Chatsworth Park..... .....$2 50
Free fare Free fare
Box' factory foreman, country, $3 a day;
sash and door man, country, $3 a day; 6 milk-
ers, $30 and $40; 2 blacksmiths, $2 _5 and $2 50
a day; choremen, $20 and $25; millwrights,
.country, $4 a day; 6 carpenters, $2 50 to $3 50
a day; 10 laborers to build road In the woods,
$26 and found; fare paid for. above order.
¦ HOTEL" DEPARTMENT
Broiler, restaurant, $50; broiler, hotel, $45;
cake baker, .country, $50; baker. Institution,
country. $35; 8 cooks, ?30 to $50; cook, hotel
restaurant, $12 a week; meat cook, city, $14
a week; 10 kitchen hands and dishwashers,
$20 to $30; 3 waiters, country hotel, $35 and
free fare; 2 waiters, summer resort, $35 and
fare paid; 2 omnibuses, country hotel, $25
and free fare; 3 neat young men to carry off
dishes, country hotel, $25; 6 waiters, city and
country, $25 to $45; polishers, washers, starch-
ers and ironers, ?30 to $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ' 104 Geary st.
A— THREE stonemasons, country, $4 a day; see
boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A— ALL YE THAT LABOR
. COME UNTO MURRAY STREADY
AND WE WILL FURNISH YOU WITH
WORK. Following are only a few of the po-
sitions we have to offer »•••
.OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.. MONDAY
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
2 millwrights. Sawmill Co.., $4 day. fare paid;
3 carpenters. Sawmill Co.. fare paid: black-
smith, foundry, country $3 50 day
blacksmith. R. R. camp.' $65
8 blacksmiths, shops, ranches and camps, $3
day. $75, $40 and $35; carriage and wagon
painters S45
harness-maker, country $35
SAWMILLS ....... FARMS DAIRIES
WE SHIP TO-DAY v -.
20 laborers, no experience required, to work in
mills, yards, woods
FOR A SYNDICATE RANCH, 5 more handy
men make themselves useful $20 and found
3 farmers and wives $40 and $40
cheescmaker, butter-maker, 25c fare
¦ stenographer and assist bookkeeper. .$50
6 bakers, different country shops, $55, $40
Third hand baker, $40; bakers' helpers; cook
and dishwasher, plain hotel. $40 and $15; .9
hotel and restaurant cooks, $50 and $40; wait-
ers, city and country hotels. , C
MURRAY & READY. .'..634-636 Clay st.
DELICATESSEN man for country, $40 and
board: 2 hotel cooks, country; third cook,
country hotel, $30: cook, small boarding-
house, $30; hotel waiters, country. $25; res-
taurant waiters, country, $30 and found; dish-
washer; restaurant porter, $27 50 month; ho-
tel porter, $20 and found; saloon porter, $30,
and others. J. JT . CROSETT _ CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. ; •
4 MILLWRIGHTS, $4 day; Jobbing blacksmith.
$2 * day and board ; ranch carpenter, $40 and
board; 2. ranch blacksmiths, $40 /month and
$1 50 day and board: Jobbing carpenter, city:
blacksmith on truck work, $3 day: 3 slack
work coopers; cabinet-makers, machine men
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sac-
ramento st. ¦ - . . .
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 3d; phone Red 31.
2 first-class carriage painters, $2 and %Z per
" day; 2, machinists; 2 coppersmiths; 2 milkers,
Italian-Swiss. $23 per month ; 2 milkers. 13
.to 18 cows, $2o per month; 1 first-class edger-
man, sawmill, country; 6 men for sawmills
: .and lumber woods; 4 men to cut wood, pine,
$1 25 per cord. - .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm 12.
Porter, $25; 2 colored waiters, north, $27 50.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
" meets to-night, 8:30, 32 CFarrell. I. Less, Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; oniy recognized union. 115
• Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
. WANTED — For the English market, by firm
of good standing, novelties, patents or e_>
' elusive agencies for the photographic and
allied trades. Address box 105, Sell's Agency,
, Fleet st., London, England. . . .-
FIRST-CLASS boys' and children's clothing
salesman : none other need apply. I RA-
-^"PHAEL'S, Inc. : ~-
WANTED— Three good coatmakers. Presidio,
near guardhouse. •WILSKOUSKI. .
."WANTED — First-class ! bootblack. . Ill Ellis st.
BOYS for fishing voyage,' $10 month, at HER-
j MAN'S. 26 Steuart st
WANTED— Wheelwright. 437 Francisco St., be-'
tween Powell and Mason.
WANTED — Tailor .to work Inside on custom
coats. ¦ 927 Market st, room 623. '
WANTED— Sober night clerk and bedmaker.
Call 149 Third st. at 8 o'clock. }
WANTED— A good dishwasher. T Ninth st ¦
DISHWASHER wanted at 422 Sixth gt.
: WANTED— A good first-class dinner waiter at
304 Mason . st. ; .wages $3 50 a week. - *
WANTED— A ' good sober short-order night
cook at 304 Mason st; wages $3 a w«ek.
• ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prtce. £62 Mission __ bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
RESTAURANT cook. 226 Kast st.
WANTED— 2 lunch waiters at SS2 Sixth st.
"WANTED— Carriage painter. 107 Jones, st.
MAN 'for general housework; one that - U used
to it. 1443 Harrison : st. '
! YOUNG man .to solicit . for merchant tailor;
I experience ¦ not necessary. 1215 Market at
TAILOR wanted at 1241 Kentucky "st V
WAITER wanted; wages $25. Apply immedi-
ately. Troy Hotel, '506 Twentieth st.
¦ GOOD hands c-n vests; wages no object proper
, party. .* 641V4 Stevenson %t: .
¦ EXPERIENCED" solicitor for printing 1 . Apply
at 354 Hayes st
; "WANTED— A good waiter for French restau-
: ', rant Call after 11 a.m. at -25 Taylor ft
; 'WANTED— Good barber. - Call for 2 days at
.' 1792 Haight St. •
I WANTED— Man . to carry, advertising signs on
i street. ;. Call at 342 ; Kearny . st. . . ; _.---._-
; GOOD waiter wanted in restaurant. Call at
. ¦ 1550 Market, st. ¦ - . \ ¦
HRLP WAXTJSIO--^
YOUNG man to help on fi"_> e^ st^y
have experience- good v.ages. sie--j
. 1000 Harrison St.. corner Sixtn. .
WANTED-Baker. "''MVlJORD^S^:
dlately. Address J. S. MLLFUK^. -cu
Cal. - ¦ ___^ •
WANTED-1C0 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
WANTED-Pants and .vest makers. Apply at
JOE POHEIM'S. 1110 and 1112 Market st. _
MEN-Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, .saving two 5^™:
' mailed free. --We have no oc shop lnconaec
tion with our cgflege; chai "_ a ° d ltn u _ view
are all made to our own order, with * view
to cleanllnses and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay s_
Beware cf any cheap imitations. -. ¦ _
WANTED-An> experienced wrapper for house^
hold supply department. Apply at HAL_.
BROS.. 979-987 Market St.. before 11 a. m.
YOUNG man. experienced at Introducing spe-
cialty to the retail grocery trade; ,? ta ,ifl,. aKe
and salary expected. Box 292o, Call office.
WANTED- A porter and bedmaker for hotel in
Nevada, with references: wages $2a »d found
the first and J30 the next following" month.
Address box 2S63. Call office. '.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to too— '
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House Proprte 1 . 0 .^,*""
runs Denver House, 217 Third st: l»0 lar.o
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Dress goods ' salesman and a gent's
furnishing goods salesman: state experience.
age and saliry e-pected. Box 2S73, Call.ofllce,
WANTED— First-class window dresser for dry
goods store: state experience, age and salary
expected. Box 2892. Call office.
STEADY man; light indoor work; will pay $75
per month to start; steady place; must have
$225.. READ & CO.. 1007'i Market St.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only: salary $1200 and expenses. r»a-
tlonal, 302 Caxton bldg.. Chicago. ' .
WANTED-Men for salt works; $1 50 to $2 50
daily: free fare. Address CARTER'S Salt
Works. Los Angeles. Cal. ]
BARBERS, call Stoltz's Barber Supply House,
723 Market, and see latest and most practical
revolving chair; called "The Auto-back."
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st:
no barroom chalra used in this college.
UNDERPRESSERS on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541, Market st.
WANTED — Good 4 young .. steady union barber.
.1759 Union- st
FIRST-CLASS painters wanted at 1614 Mar-
¦ ket st. —
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 35o
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
6 MEN to sell table delicacies; large promise;
call all day. 164 Tehama st.
UNDERPRESSERS on coats and pants. 641
Market st.
GENERAL compositor for printing office; two-
thirder. PERNAU BROS., 543 Clay at.
BOYS wanted. Apply at Glass Works, Fifteenth
and Folsom sts.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third Bt
MAN with $300 to join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen _ green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1034
Valencia st. *
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec.. 610 Golden Gate ave.'
A — 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons in good
order for sale. S77 Shotwell st. .
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAN ft SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
: light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express waTTOQ; single, also light
: . camping wagon, for sale cheap. 533 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
Handsomely frnshd 10-room house; newly con-
strctd; Laguna, nr. Pacific; for 4 mos., beg.
May 1; rent $75. F. D. Madison, 104 Crocker bg.
MCALLISTER. SIS — Fine sunny house: 8 rooms
and basement: large yard: rent $35. •* -.•¦»
HOUSES TO LET FURXISHED.
A NICELY furnished bright sunny home. 10
rooms and 2 baths; magnificent view and lo-
cation. 2103 California st
DESIRABLE sunny corner fiat. 3 rooms and
bath; Oakland; $18. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
room 2.
2520 OCTAVIA. nr. Broad— iy— Cc— toletely fur-
nished 10 rooms and bath; for three month",
$75 per month. . ¦
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
j - .,- -i — - -j
THB Ribbon Wa.ter Heater will flow boiling
water In 30 seconds; will give a hot bath
every ten minutes at cost cf 2% cents; call
and see in operation; ; send for illustrated
. pamphlet.. Ribbon Water Heating Company,
Hearst (Examiner) building, room 607.
LOST A\D FOIXD. ." .>y.>V;
LOST— Off a wagon Saturday evening, 1 bale
furs, on Mission or Folsom st, between Sixth
and Twenty-sixth. Liberal reward if returned
to COSGROVE BROS., Folsom and 26th sts.
REWARD $3 — Tx>st. gold and black enamel
memorial rine; inscription Inside. Return
442-/2 Minna st.
LOST— Gold chain and lorgnette. Return to
1340 Market St.: suitable reward. •
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th»
name of WALTER I. MAGEE, No. 219-104.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Rubber carriage tire.' Return- to TOM-
KINSON'S Stables, 57 Minna st. ; reward.
FOUND-^Brown Irish setter dog. Call 8 p. m.
at 71S Waller st. -^
I OUND — Purse containing money. Apply at
192 Seventh St.. room 40. •
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jeweler. ?4S O'Furrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRI3IONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthv ladles
want 1fV for Vit. MT?.~. I" JPT7,. 70S F,llt« nt.
MATTRESSES ,AX^ UPHOLSTER yT^
MATTRESSES and upholstery; taL South 732;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
. steamed: expert caroet cleaning: strictly re-
liable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh *t.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, "d-hand • machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, minvrs, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
' have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand-
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ehip everything in 24 hours J
NOON AN, 1017. 1013, 1C21, 1023 Mission «t."
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, pells or rentj gear machinery en-
gines, boilers, • water pipes." shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A STEAM merry-go-round for sale. cheaD- ac
count of death. MRS. M. H. I_ Box __
Watsonvllle. Cal. **•
A 15 H. P. 500 volt T. & H. dynamo- also on*
10 H. P. 220 dynamo; guaranteed all rijtht
J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st au .? gnt -
B 4?,F? ALl1 caj"^"' containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren- 30o ©ost-
pald. S. R. CHURCH. 307 SaCme'.l, S?F.
"•ro-rW'RITERS-at any p rtce to c i oge
out; different makes; call early for bargains
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE,^ 4oV C-tlSl"
200 LIGHT marine set. directly connected; good
shape; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission V?
CHEAP r A p . la!n transit; in good
, condition. Apply box 2916^ Call office.
VffJ 0 L B &toT£ tel " S; tubs;
G BURK E fl^B e ae 8 st nd - handmaCmnery -
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. .NEWEL-, £6 Bluxome!
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-h_.-d. all makes, at low*
- figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
1 "' 0^ 33 .. secon d-hand modern engines and
, boilers bought and sold. ' KROGH MFG. CO.
P 2? T ? GRA ,5 HIC - n <». magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1$3 Montgomery st
S^n C S~^L &nd se «H' d hand. THE HER-
J .MAN SAFE CO... 417-423 Sacramento st.
MISCELLAJfEOUS— FOR SALE.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BUI— ARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. -109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
3HSCELLAXEOIS WANTS.
TILTON"S misfit parlors wants masguerade. la-
dles'. gents' clothing. 154, 9th: tel. Folsom ZaZ2.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal: all classes ot fe-
male complaints relitved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinate*
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most cl'.r-
flcult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. ODONNELL, 1013 Mrkt.
DR AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladies'
specialists: 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other: positive cure
guaranteed at office; r-atients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Homa
Treatment: harmles3^ consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market St., nr.
6th— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles ;
avoid Incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS DR. WYETH. relfable specialist ; 25 yr_*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any aliment; homa before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyda and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st. bet Maaon
and Taylor— Reliable ladles' specialist
MRS* D ALLEN— Removed to 111S Market St.,
bet! Taylor and Maao;?: ladles' specialist
ALL cases of female complaints cured with
pills: price tl. DR. V. POPPER. S23 Kearny.
CHEAPEST and best In America.— The Weekly
Call 18 pages, sent to any address In tha
United Statea or Canada one year' for 11
~~ MoxBnr to loa^. ~
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship: do business with strangers
¦ and you will be better satlstled: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Market st.
1F yOU^. P^ O . P . E^:V.V.V.i3' MORTGAGED
and vou need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates in. probate,
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN _ OLSEX.
ANT amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay- get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
J5OO.0OO AT 8 per cent In sums to suit In city:
$150 000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 413 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms ; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 63.
MONEY loaned salaried people without slcurity.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 421 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%, undi-
vided lnts. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott blsr.
LOANS on salaries without lndorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, 309 Phelan bids:.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THB
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or fcr building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st,. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
: Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b!g.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
given to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Steinway any. time within
three years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for $S cash and $S per
month. We offer to sell some good pianos at
$3, $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO., Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Sutter sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth st. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright $65 1 Schiller $2«r.
1 Emer3on upright.. 55 1 Gabler 135
1 Vose 85 1 Waverly 122
2 Steinways 1S5 up 1 Fisher upright m
2 Heines 315 up 1 Mason-Hamlin ... 3W>
1 Hallet-Davis 46T. 1 Hardman 85
2Behr Bros 35711 Miller 123
and fifty others: rented and rent allowed:
rents $3 up; we handle all majces; agents
for.' some of the oldest and most famous
pianos in existence; agents wanted. HEINE
PIANQ CO.. 217 Geary Bt.
PARTIES i having any kind of repairing or
tuniiljc of pianos will do well to remember
that we have the very b^st facilities for do-
ing fine varnishing, polishing, action repair-
ing and regulating, and will make lower price*
for good work than any housa en the coast.
Let us make a_ . estimate on your ¦work.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
SPECIAL sale of good pianos at low prices at
MAUVAIS', 7G9 Market tt. this week: you,
• can pay cash or installments, es you prefer
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nous*
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2S.
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices?' terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy -tho
customer.'*
5 PIANO snaps— $60. S75. $30. S125. $130: easy
payments; also Apollr slight 1 -- used, a bar-
gain. BENJ. CURTAZ &.SON. 16 O'Farrell
St.. Chickerreg. agency. . .
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1708 Market st, you
can get storage pianos almost for a. song — $3
per month — dirt cheap. * -7 •
FINE 3-pedal standard upright piano; sacri-
ficed account of death. 613 Eddy. nr. Larkin.
$135— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale.
217 Geary St.. room 33.
B_AUTIFU_ new pianos, J133 ur>: rents and
easy payments. KLARE, 22C3 Flllmore st.
SPECIAL sale of pianoa thi3 week: Steinway.
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 208 Post St.
BIGGEST bargain in Fi3her upright piano:
. nearly new; must be ;old. 301 Jones st. I
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman, Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BAROATN — Most be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 21G McAllister.
BYRON MAtTZY. atrercy Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Speilman r>ianos, 303 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MCLLER, maker, repairer. 3 — a itham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for tl.
r 1 ~— ~— ~~~— '
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
USE of 2 rooms, $7 SO a month. Apply rooms
27-23, Blythe buildln?. 14 Grant ave.
POWELL. 143— Elegant offices partly furnished;
terms reasonable.- . '"-,>¦*
_____
THREE cents per share: safest oil Investment:
Is expected to go to $2 per share In a few
months; send for prospectus. P. S. M. _
I. Co.,' SZ6 Pest st.
JOSEPH B. TOPL1TZ, 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL company Ju?t forming: you cam get in ot.
ground floor for little money. Box 2314, Call
office.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In pood order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission st
WILL deed choice tract as subsidy for boring
well. "W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bMg.
OIL LASDs.
CALIFORNIA Crude Oil Co.. now drllllne on
SW. M. of STV. Vl of _>.' 23-28. Kern River, with
producing well3 on all sides offers its first
block of stock at 10c per share for one week:
first well will be com_leted by May 1, and
work will be actively continued until 12 wells
are completed; company also haa 640 acres
deeded land in Fresno-San Benito district soon
to be developed ; a ¦ surer, safer Investment
was never offered; no agents; no prospectus.
Full Information at company's office, room
. 16. eighth floor. Mills buldjr. Pres. Led. F.
Winchell; sec. T. A. Kirkuatrick: director
• and counsel. JAS. G. MAGUIEE. Depository.
First National Bank of S. F.
75.C00 ACRES oil land in various counties tor
lease and sale. ROBINSON, 36 Geary 1 st, r. 8.Mary E. Lewis (Russell) (Bailey), wife of
David G. Lewis', to Adolph Schwartz, lot on S
line of Turk . street, U2:6;W of Larkin, W 23
by S13TA; S95C0. " ¦.--. ; .- : . -¦ • .'.;.- '
Annie E., Estelle, Mabel, Bertha and Adolph
D. Sweet, Ida L. Ulman and Louise M. Bettel
helm' t« Mary. E. Callahan, lot on N l|ne of
Pacific street, 112:9 W. of Buchanan, 'W SO by
N 132:7%; ?SB,500. • ¦ -' ,
Paul ¦ Bettelheim (husband of Louise Bettel
helm) and Victor,- R. Ulman (husband, of . Ida
L. Ulman) to same, all. interest in same; $500,
Eugene Jr., Edward and Thomas H. Kelly,
Paul' Fuller and Daniel" F. Sullivan, (as execu
tors and trustees of the estate of Eugene Kelly)
to Philip Bannwarth, lot on NE corner of Eddy
and Fillmore streets, N 27:6 by E*100; 55100.
Estate of. Amelia V. It. Pixley (byJ.F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executors)
to Henry Hoffman, lot. on -N line of Green
street, 127:6 E of Stein»r, E 75 by N 187:8; $3000.
Julia Leahy or Leahey to Cornelia A. Thomp
son,' lot on E line of Devisadero- street, 77:8Vi
S of Jackson, S 60 by C 110; $7000. . .
Carl D. Salfield to Mary J. x Boomer (wife of
A. H. Boomer),- lot on NW corner of Page- and
Lyon streets,' N. 1 80:9, VV to a point, S 84, E to
beginning, to correct XSS4 p. • 292, • quitclaim
deed; \\. ': ¦' v - -- ¦_ :¦- : ¦
Mary J. Boomer (wife Cf A." H. Boomer) to
William McCormlck, ,i-jt on NW corner of Page
and Lyon streets. W 32:6 by N 93; $10,000. ;•
" Stefano and Adele . Paganini to O. B. Torre
lot on E line of Harwood alley,- 79:4;S"of Fil
bert Btreet, . S .13:5 by E 60; $1500. ' -. . .- .
. Peter. A. and Marie L. . Aguirre to John Seli
rart and Mary Garbinl. (wife of. Joseph), lot on
NW corner ot" Valparaiso aiul Mason streets
K 20 by W. 6S:3; ' $30Cft. ; - < : -¦ ¦ ¦ - • " _'
-Estate "• of Barbara Burke (by Edmund W.
Burke andR.E. Rowland, executuis; lO'Joan
McCIuskey.' lot cn.W line of. Jones street,-ll3:6
S of Greenwich,, S. 22:6 by W 137:6; $300. -.¦•:
..'Mary; J.5 Blair to " Chr. -., Mortensen, lot on
SE line of /Shipley, street. 502 .NEof , Fourth.
SB 19:6 by SE 69 (quitclaim deed); $500.. : •- - ¦
P. . R. and -M.'- H. Woodman (his wife). • Wil-.
liam ' C.- and L. . E. Woodman . (his wife) "to San
Francisco ". Candle Company (Corporation); •-¦ lot
c?ii NW. roriter " of '1>- Haro and' Alameda
streets.^N 260 by W-200; $250. . vv "
. Hichard«N. "\\ ilcox to-Charles A. Rusbton,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Fair weather prevails throughout California
and Southwestern Kevada, generally cloudy
weather &ver Washington, Oregon and Idaho
and cloudy weather ¦ with scattering snow over
the Rocky Mountain region. Snow is falling
thts evening in- Southern Idaho, Wyoming and
Northern Arizona.
The presgure has risen rapidly over the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains. An area
of high pressure is central of! the Washington
coast while- the ldwest pressure is - reported
from Southern Arizona. .,- i ¦ .;-..,
The temperature has . remained nearly sta
tionary on the Pacific Coast and fallen over the
plateau and Rocky Mountain rejtlbns.*
Conditions are -favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather in California -Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for. thirty
"hours ending midnight April 8, 1S01: . •¦
\ Northern California — Fair Monday; light
northerly, wind. ¦; ' '
' Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
Nevada— Fair Monday; warmer in north por
tion; brisk north wind. ; -¦."'' ¦
Utah— Cloddy with snow, followed by clear
ing weather Monday; brisk northerly wind.
Arizona— Snow followed by fair In north por
tion, .fair in south .portion Monday; fresh north-.
• el San Francisco' and vicinity— Fair Monday;
light northerly wind. ..
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
San Francisco fiata: Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 42; mean, 4S. . . ¦¦¦::¦
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
¦ The " following . are seasonal rainfalls to
date,- as compared with those of same ; date
last season, and. rainfall In j last twenty-four
hours: , ¦ . :. - . * •
BAN FRANCISCO, April 7-5 p. m.
(12<5tti Meridian-Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
: t PALACE HOTEL.
TV E Guerifi StA. 8eatl]<J E. "Wetter-stein'.' - la.
R A Graham & w, Or W S Augsbury & wife,
E N Camp. & w.-Ill New York
J L Mic aels, Napa R B Miller. Pittsburg
J S Chapman. Los An R C Klngr. Pittsburg
AV; J Frost, Los Ang Miss A King, Plttsbrg
R*V Ellis, Hanford ' D J HHdon, Pittsburg
A D Stlmson and wife, Dr Murphy, Stanford
Seattle • , J E Dodge, Boston
F S: Glass, Berkeley- R'H Herron, Los Ang
F G-Sanuerson: & wf, G J Siegle, Michigan
Redding C E Wai te,. Stanford
C H Miner • & w. 111 R S Brannen, Stanf rd
H W Adams & f, NY H Y Drucker. Stanfrd
J J Murnhy & wf, 111 E O Muller, Visalia
Miss C E Murphy. Ill O Braslau^ San Jose
R Jeff erson, - St . Paul G Jussen. San Jose
Miss Jefferson.- St Paul Mr and Mrs Dallernan,
Miss H T Smith, Minn Paris
R V Johns4n & w; Pa T L-Lillis. St Joseph
Mrs T R Lane, SUnfd Mr and Mrs Cotter,
F Lane. Stanford ¦ ¦ Buffalo
R T Lane, . StanfoW - J C Augsberrj', Cal j
R V Corning j & wife', Wrfl Grant. Vermont
•Cincinnati - F Larter &w;.N J
R W Perkins. Stanfrd W F Day & w. N J
F J Cannon, Ogden G A Stewart. Jr. N T
L H Howe, N Y •- Wm Townsley, Ohio
W Astheimer. Hambrg W H Hibbard, N Y ;
Mrs C E Kelmer, 111 - tl Trisott. Callahan
Mies J Kelmer. Chsro G Stern & w. Berlin
D E Bradley. Salt Lk W R .-/Ramsdoll, San
S H Fields. Salt Lake Diego* ..-..-.
Miss N Lunt, Cdo Spr T Stillman. St Louis
E James, Toronto ¦¦ Mrs W H Evans. Colo
W J Cleggr. Montreal F M Clarke, N Y
TRoehm, Illinois ' ¦¦ ¦ - - * .
GRAND HOTEL.
CM Chadborne, Stanfd W.Wadleigh & w. Seat
-E A Smith, Stanford A Johnson, Seattle
F W Hubbard. Woodld L F .Warner. Auburn
"W Maguire Dutch Fit SB Amory, Wis
! Mrs Smith. Vacaville A" H Rohser. Redlands
Miss Smith • Vacavllle ¦ G Jessen; Watsonville
H Rogers, Sacto v T F B!ew!tt, Mexico •
Mrs W 1 C Price, Cal W Nettleton & w.Wash
PL Case, U S 4 ' G H Adams & w.Mont
C L Wlllard,:U S A G T Bradley' & w.Colo
G' W Jackson, Cal ' ' C Bereft <ft w, C&l
Mrs P B Fra2er, Mo W F Allen, Los • An?
Miss Frazer, Mo E K Smoet. Grass Val
Mrs H Dalton,' Mo Dr J T Jones. GrS3 Val
H R Vail. Santa Barb W S Ferris, Salt Lake
A C Antrim, Cftl . P Muller & w. Serkly
F D Baldwin*, Sta Cruz J Beaton, Portland
TV E Beck & w, Oakld S A - Police & w. Cal
CW Hindicliffe, L An J R Potter, Minn ,
CM Serley. Los Ang C W Parsons, Los Ang
H C Rlsley, Cleveland B Roland 8t w, Cat
A M Slauson & w, NY J H Falint '& w, Mich
Miss « Carpenter. NY Mrs W Palin. Mich
H' Hentz & w, T*xas JF V dairies, -N-'T
Mrs T B Read, Chicago 1 Miss M Galnes. NY
A J Walker & w. Butt J McDonnell. Cal i
3 S Dovey, Phila t tt C McClure, Cal
J W Martin & w, Seatl MM McClure, Cftl .
J E Lancaster, Seattle J Brooks, Salt Lake
A M Simons &'w. Or W H Lumsden, Cal
g \V Butters, Portland T Cunningham, Cal
H D Carroll & w. Cal C A Webb. Montague
Mrs G W Short, Or H B Oberlin, Fresno
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
Frederick* H. ; and Franclsca Hahn .-to Mar'
garet Thomas, lot on E line of Everett street,
125 N of Clement avenue, N 25 by E U0.6M,
block 4, Jenks and Mead Homestead Tract,
Alameda ; $500. . . . ".
¦ Fred and Flora, Knudsen to Charles Will
mott, lot 5. block 12, Central Park Tract, quit
claim deed, Berkeley; $5.
Hermine Marols to, Frederick H. and Fran
cisca Hahn, lot on V E line of Everett street,
400 N of -Clement avenue, N 50 by.E 140:6^,
lot 10, block 4, Jenks . and ; Mead .Homestead
Tract, quitclaim deed, Alameda; $1500. • •
Puget Sound Lumber Company to Alameda
SavUgs Bank, lot on 8 line of Clement avenue,
35 W of Chestnut street, W 35 by S 100, block
60. on map of property In vicinity of Encinal
station. Alameda; $500.
• Central Land Company to F.'A." Loah. lot
on E line of Market street; 69 • N of Thirty
third, -N.I foot by B 116:3. block K, map of
property of Central Land Company, Oakland ;
$10. • .
M. and Elizabeth E. Rinehart to L. E.
Davis (wife of F. M.), all interest in lot on
S line of- Thirty-second street, 1C0.58 W of
Telegraph avenue,- W 23 by S 110, block 2036,
Rowland Tract, Oakland; $3500.
Vesta M. and A. D. Colby jj to A. J. Snyder,
all interest In lots 20 to 23 and E 40 feet lot
24. block I, Roberts and Wolfskin Tract, Map
3,. Oakland; $500. . ' - . .
. A. J.- Snyder to Vesta M. Colby, all Interest
in the following: Lots'13 to 17, block' Q, Rob
erts and Wolfskin Tract; also lot on : SW
corner of Colby and Yolo streets, S 100. W to
8 boundary line block Q, Roberts and Wolf skill
Tract, thence NE to S line Yolo street," E 6.1
to beginning, being a portion of Vicente Per
alta Reserve, Oakland; $1300." ' "" "/'
Eliza Woolfenden- (or- Wolfenden) to ¦ James
F. Wolfenden, lot on NW corner of Dennison
and Kennedy streets. N 33:4 by • W 100. block
C, Shell Mound Tract, East Oakland; gift.
Elijah Griffith to James R. T. Mershon, lot
on W line of Market street, 209:7% S of Twen
ty-first, S.SO by W 125, . being lots 9 and 10,
map of subdivision of the Wall Tract, Oak
land; $3600. - - . •.
Henry T. Atkinson to Charles L. Ingler, all
interest In lot oh • 8 line of Fourth street, «
W of Washington, W 25 by S 100, being lot 14,
block 29. Kellersberger's Map, quitclaim deed,
Oakland: W. ¦• .» '. . ¦ -¦' : ' '
' William C. Randolph to Sophie T. Randolph,
property in block X, Railroad Homestead As
sociation No. 2. San Francisco, also property
in Mission block 104. San Francisco; gift.
Alameda County.
George W. Eastman, to Olive - Verkouteren,
lot 33, block 8. People's Homestead, Tract A;
$10. - -'*.-- ¦ - : ; • N ¦
Frances Van Ness to same, lot $. block 2.
Syndicate's First Addition to San Francisco;
$10. : -.. ¦¦-;¦:,¦: '<-> ¦¦¦ •¦ - :
lot on WV line 'of Seventh avenue, 125 : N of
Lake street,' N 50 by W 114; $1500. .
¦• George C. and : Dora C. Harrison to Frank
Feusier, lot on W line of Twelfth avenue, '200
N of Clement street, N 25 by JV 120; $3000. .
Lena H. Lolor to Ella Lolor, lot on W line
o£ Forty-second • avenue. 230 N of U- street, N
60 by W 120; also lot on E lire of Forty-third
avenue, 100 S of T street, 8 50 by E 120; also
lot on W line of Forty-fourth avenue, 315 N
of W street. N 1S5 hy_ W 120; also -lot on S
lihe of T street, 32:6 w of Forty-second ave
nue. W 150 by S 100; also lot on SW corser of
Nineteenth and Guerrero Btreet3, W < 75 by . S
ll«;*$U,50O. ' •
William and Sarah "Price to Michael Kelly,
lot on E line of Folsom street,. 217:6 S of Pre
cita place, S 41:3 by E 110. lPrecita Valley
lands; $900.' . : \ .¦ ¦
Margaret Webb-to DaVld and Frank Schnei
der, lot on S line of Eleventh avenue. 150 B
of P street, E 25 by S 100, block 227, Garden
vllle Homestead; $1000.
THE "SAN FRANCISCO' CALt, :: MONDAY, APRIL 8*; 1901.
9
lAst
24 Hours
¦ This
Season.
-¦¦Last
¦Season.
STATIONS.
Sure**- •"
iled Bluft .;.:.;.....
iacram^nto .';. >V. . . .
Kan Francisco.......
rresnrt ...............
¦dependence
San Luis Obispo....
Atiseles
5an Diego ffftftriltt
o.oo
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0,00
0.00:
0.00
44,49
• 22.87
17.50
18.85
10.3S
5.80
27,*S
14.17 ,
10.54
43.03
' 20.08
15.92
17.47
7.36
2. Si
15.10
5.71
: 3.41
lAst
24 Hours
¦ This
Season.
-¦¦Last
¦Season.
STATIONS.
Sure**- •"
iled Bluft .;.:.;.....
iacram^nto .';. >V. . . .
Kan Francisco.......
rresnrt ...............
¦dependence
San Luis Obispo....
Atiseles
5an Diego ffftftriltt
o.oo
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0,00
0.00:
0.00
44,49
• 22.87
17.50
18.85
10.3S
5.80
27,*S
14.17 ,
10.54
43.03
' 20.08
15.92
17.47
7.36
2. Si
15.10
5.71
: 3.41
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 26 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will he payable at the office
of- the company, 327 Market Et.. San Fran-
cisco, on and after Wednesday, April 10,. 1901.
Transfer books closed Thursday, April 4,
1S01, at 12 o'clock ra.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. ¦
DIVIDEND notice— The Ciant - Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. - 2S, of seventy-
. five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company. 430
California st.. San • Francisco, on April 10,
1SCI. Transfer books close April 3, 190L . at
noon. A." A.- BPARKS, Secretary.
Me a vo v & 'jco:, : , |
FUNERAL DIP.ECTORS & EMBALMERS. i
I2S3 Market ft.; between Sth and 9th. a
' Telephone .South; 247. ., -I
- These • steamers t are ' built = expressly for ¦ Cen-
tral ¦: and .. South 'American passenger ' service.
(No change at'Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and - passenger ; office. 318 California • street.
¦ BALFOCR. GUTHH1E & CO., Agents.
>AGlFiC STEAM NAVIGATION 00.
r,HCI4 6Up A*"ERIC*NA E VAPQ-JB^
To Va]paral«o,*BtcrjJp!rig at Mexican,". Central
and South American- ports. ; Salliftg Section :,
Seawall.' 12 m." ¦ ••; ¦—-- i- - • -;-,W-vi r.
AREQUIPA, .... Apr. lCf PERU ..C.......Apr. ./
L1MARI-. .....: Apr. 17 1 GUATEMALA .May ..
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, g
'n and 29 Fifth at. T?L- South .167. -". f
iUHESAL. DIHEOrOSJ AND SKBAtMSaV 1
Finest Eaclfiwat -at Moderate Rates. I
JAMES McGlNN, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened ¦
hew Funeral Parlors at 214. Eddy St., bet. B
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South '576. I
HENRY. J. GALLAGHER' CO.
; (Successor lo Flannaran & Gallaghsr.) i
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMUALMEEi
20 Fifth ct..- opposite -Lincoln -School. •-
: Telephone So'jih tO.r - -v ;¦-. -.',-.'
From ' New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland .'.'April 17|Frle3land :..... May S
Kensington -..-..April 24; Southwark -*.... .May 15
Zeelan-i .".'.May >: II Vaderland .......May J2
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
. -'. -:¦¦¦.¦¦¦:>¦¦ ' CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, -30 Montgomery ftj
RED STAR ; LINE.
New '.York and Antwerp;
- Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. -
From New York Every Wednesday, la a. ra.
Vaderland ..'... April 17) St. Paul ."... -....May S
St Lonls .....: April 24 St. Loulst ......May 15
New York '...... May l! New York ......Hay 22
AM ERIC AN LINE.
aiw YoaK. BoorHAmrcm^ ioioo*. pabis.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE!.
NEW cottage 5 rooms, nearly "finished; call
at Weber St., south of Central ave. If this
does not suit I will build you what you want.
J. H. YOUNG, BUILDER, 1243 Park st
ALA.MEDA HOUSES TO LET. ;
2112 CLEMENT ave.— Six rooms and bath; rent
815. Apply 1318 Larkin St.. San Fran., Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. •
?S30— A BARGAIN for little money; cottage of
4 rooms, hard finished; pood sized lot; chl;k-
cn yard; flowers; 2 blocks of schoolhouse; a
snap for few days.
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley Station.
JC50— FINE corner lot on Grove St., near High
School and Town Hall; street work done one
. side; a bargain for quick buyer. MAY &
MORTIMER. Berkeley Station. ¦¦
$12C0— NEAT cottage of 4 rooms and ¦ bath;
windmill ;' street work done; must be sold.
$2S0O— Almost new cottage on lmprov- d
Btreet: fine view.
$5000 — Modern home of S rooms; let 50jcl25;
all Improved; will take outside land in part
payment.
MAY fe 'tORTIMER. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY HOTELS.
I THE PLEASANTON— A first-class hostelry for
those wishing to spend a few months in
Berkeley durinp the summe; season; rooms
on suite or single. For prices, etc.. address
The Pleasanton. 2C22 Durant ave.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND X ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD FKRXITURE FOIl SALE.
AN Introduction to you from II.. Rchellhaas. the
fcrnltur* dealer. Tlth and Franklin. Oakland.
| ROOMS FOR HOl'SEKEEPIXG.
I BUENA VISTA ave,. 449, near Frederick— 3
fur. or uhfur. rooms or more^ fine grounds.
EDDY, 604—2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas. -
ELLIS. €39. corner Larkin— Large sunny bay-
window; use of kitchen; other room.
FIFTH, "33— One furnished housekeeping, $7
to $S; single room, $5 per month. .
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— $7; 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Bay-window suite,
3 rooms; gas range; also 1 room suitable for 2.
GEARY, 1012—1 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, with use of bath and telephone.
HOWARD, 817—2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room. $10; housekeeping.
LIBERTY. 129—3 to 5 handsome completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; use of piano,
phone, Z .gas stove; pleasant surroundings;
very desirable.
MASON. 417— Xicely furnished for housekeep-
ing; sun all day; $18; single rooms from $5.
MISSION, 1647— For housekeeping, 2 sunny fur-
nished j-ooms; gas; bath; runnig water; phone.
O'KARRELLi 742—3 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; 1 large light housekeeping;
low rent, i
POWELL, 143—2 bedrooms; also housekeeping
room furnished: references.
SACRAMENTO. 1514. bet. Hyde and Larkin
—1 nicely furnished room; private residence;
light housekeeping allowed If desired.
STOCKTON. 607— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms: also single rooms.
TO rent for the summer — Three newly furnished
sunny rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; Lacuna, near Pine; no children. Box
2914, Call office.
TURK, 803 — Nicely furnished alcove suite; con-
necting kitchen; running water; gas, bath.
f 6— NICE front room; 223 Kearny St., near Sut-
ter. Apply 13 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ • ¦ :
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. nndllnfirn.
AHLBO RN^H^E^Hr^HinTliveT^BeSr doH
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 60c up; first-cliss meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOU6E, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per Week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BIRCH av»., 617^4— 3 unfurnished rooms to
let; is.. -
BURNETT. 1426 Marktt (old NO. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single ; also unfurnished.
CAPP, 20 — 3 large sunny unfurnished rooms.
CALIFORNIA, 1419— Furnished room5 with
board; suitable for two gentlemen.
EDDY, 872— Elegant suite. $35; other rooms; if
seen will satisfy; new flat. ' "
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Keartiy St. —
Tel. Red 2334 rooms fu;-jiis!ied or unfurnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730—2 large sunny front
rms.; 1 single rm., tG; bath; private; German.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — SUnny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON, 784, near Fourth— Finely furnished
eunny rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 a. week up.
MINNA. ~667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1206— Nicely furn'.Ehed front bay-win-
dow room: sunny; suitable for doctor.
NICELY furnished rooms, with bath; good
location: with private family; references.
Box 290L Call offlce.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, jno.
ROYAL Hcuse, 126 Kills— Incandescent light:
readlngr-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
JS; month, SS to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 31^-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
.night. 25c to tl; week. II 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER. 717. nr. Taylor— Very -choice for busi-
ness or home; reasonaVle;. please investigate.
TURK, 432— Bay-window suite of rooms; also
eingle rooms; private family.
, VAN NESS, 930
Bachelor's' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FIHmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096. Va-
lencla st. .
~~ ROOMS AISD BOARD.
VT the old Stevenson mansion, cpp. Grace
Church, with annex £07 California st.; may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELLIS. 324— Newly furnished sunny front suite,
with or without board.
IIAIGHT, 232 — Nice sunny rooms with board.
HANDSOMELY refurnished rooms; board first
class. 2101 Central ave.. Alameda.
NICE sunny room, furnished, and board If
required. 42 Oak st
O'FARRELL,. €05 (Johcton House)— Elegant,
larsre sunny rm., also sing, rm. ; board; ref.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
OFFICE cf Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 175 Crocker building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. April 1, 1901.
Coupon No. 8, due April 12. 1901, from first
mortgage 6 per cent bonds of Sierra Railway
Company of California, will be paid, at the
fiscal agency of this ¦ company, I the Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank, on and after that
date. • S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
'413 Montgomery St., rooms 9-13; tel. 5550.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 937 Market St.— La-
dies during confinement w. 10 days' care, $20.
bEWIXG 3IACHJXES ASTD] SUPPLIES, j
ALL kinds bought. soi:l and repairing guaren-
teed. Charles Plambeclc, 1S13 Mission, nr. 13th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, ' rented, exchanged, re-
paired ; open even. ; phone Black 1124, 203 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, renteJ, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 Gth: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD W.VREIIOUSKS.
P1FRCE-RODOLPH Storage ar.d Moving Co.,
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5711
HEKIN'S ¦ Van and Storage Co.', 722 ' Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture -Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore at.; phone Jackson 2S1."
GOLDEN WEST Storase Warehouse 840 Mis-
• eion st. ; te!. Mint 1S21. F. V. . ZEHFL S3. •
OCEAN TBAVZ_
IC7Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Byrne funeral will -take place this day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 316 Oak Btreet, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Fillmore and. Fell' streets,
where a Eolemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repese ot his soul,- com'
' mencinfr x at 9:30 ' o'clock. - Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦
CANTY— in this city, April 7. 1901, Harold
Thomas, -beloved son of Thomas' and Hen-
rietta , Canty, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 10 days. ¦• . ; . ¦ -
DELUCCHI— In this city, April 5. i901, Louia
dearly beloved husband of Martraret De-
lucchi, father of Mary, John, Louisa i and
Louis Delucchi, and brother of Mrs. 8. Cor-
tapassl and Mrs. G. Taleri, a native of
Italy, aged 53 years 1 month and 14 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:20. o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. - 27 .and 23 Fifth
Street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CONNIFF— In this city, entered into ' rest,
April S, 1S01. Nicholas, husband of the late
Joan Conriiff, a native of Galway, Ireland,
ared 77 years. - ¦
ICTlhe funeral will be held this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, . 1202 Pacific street, thence to the
Church of Nuestra Senora de CJuadalupe, cor-
ner Broadway and Mason street, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
1 Friends and Acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend.
BROWN— In this city, April 6, 1901, Irason C,
beloved husband of Amanda L. • Brown, and
father of Nellie R. Brown, a native of
Maine, aged 73 years 8 months and 4 days.
fuTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Pest and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodee No.
1G6, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
'tery. •
BEXCHLEY— In this city, Aprit 7, 1001. Wil-
liam B. Benchley, father of Jatnes \V. and
William W. Benchley, a native of Herkimer
County, N. Y., aged 58 years.
CHABOT— In this city, April 6, 1901. ¦ Julia
Chabot, beloved mother of Joseph A. Chabot,
a native of France, aged 46 years.:
ADAMS— April 4, 1801, Pascuala A. Adams,
dearly beloved Wife of William F. Adams,
mother of William, .Juanita, Charles, Edna,
Josephine, John, May and Loupe Adams, and
sister of Mrs. E. Murat and Fernando Ace-
ves, a native of Mexico, aged 40 years -10
months and 18 days.
DIED.
Adams, Pascuala A. Murphy, James P.
Benchley, Wiliam B. O'Neill, Patrick
Brown, Irason C. . Pottor, Loretta E.
Chabot. Julia Roche, Katie F.
Conniff, Nicholas Strong, Johanna
Canty; Harold T. Schmaltz, -Jacques
Delucchi, Louis Smith, Richard '
Foster, Mrs. Emily Severns, Mary Ettie
Hart, Joseph Shimonoueky, Hen-
Hemberger. Julia rietta ¦
Hughes, Ellen R. . ; Seiler, Frank "W. A.
Johnsen, Rebecka E. Sutliff, Aileen J.
Kemp Van.Ee, Mrs. . Williams, Kate A.
J. C. . . Wright, Annie B.
Mayers, Dorothy Zimmer, John
Mansell, Michael
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
mail -will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
NOSTRI— In Oakland, April 6. 1901, to the wife
of Ralph Noatri, a • son.
RICHMOND— In this city, April 6, 1901, to the
wife of W. B. Richmond, a daughter.
BEBELLE— In this city, April3, 1901, to the
wife of William T. Sebelle, a son.
UNITED STATES Engineer Offlce, Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal.. April 8. 1901. —
Sealed .proposals for dredgins in tidal : canal.
Oakland harbor. Cal.. will be received here
' : unttl r 12. . noon. May 22. "1901. Information en
application. W. H. -HEUER,! Lieut. "Col.,
Engineers. ¦ ., • ss ti$ii i
PAHtTEItS Ayl> DECORATORS.
WALL paptr. Trittfiow shades; rootas papered ft
up. Jensen & Bath. SOS Sixth; open evenings.
nOOMS papered from S3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 352L
——————
II. JEROME FO_ELLlTsc!Mitiflc p^LlmTsCElS
Taylor Ft., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black Ml.
PATENTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free; rto> charre unless successful.
«;EO. D. CAMPSELL. Lawywr. Examiner big.
——————— _____
WANTED— Doctor as partner on new discov-
cry. Box SC27. Call office.
——______ .„
WOMANLY BEAUry^CaWerwooda ~Develo:v
ins School. 1130 Market st. ; lessons orally and
by mail. £0c; no woman has a right to have
wrinkles, look old, be flat chested or fat and
flabby; mental healing, human science,
thought transference, health culture and child
guidance.
A — IF your balr is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE, <ti Geary *t.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy la posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
THE Microban« Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary et., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, fallinc hair and dan- i
drutl; Microbar.e Hair Grower cures all cases; '
we also remove Buporfluous balr; call and see
ug. Microbane Mfoica! Co.. 411 Gea;-y st. !
REWARD — $1000 paid to any one whose wrin-
kles or freckles return after our treatment;
sample free at branch office. N. T. Institute
of Dermatology, 105 Ellis Et.. S. F.
CIGARETTE iiiii tobacco habit cured at
home: S5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MUS.
WILLIAMS. 1S29 Polk ft., San Francisco.
l>. WEEKLY— Su!ts to order from genuine
Scotch. 515 up; fine dress suits. $20 up: ele-
jrant overcoats, J15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
TLECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 4« Third St.. near Market; 700 roomi:
25c to Jl CO per night; Jl 60 to J6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
FINE suits, J10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
A— 13 BO DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 230 Kearny et., near Pine.
SCHOOL to learn halrdressins, hair work, man-
icuring: private leesons or class. MISS A V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or dotJble. J2 2i EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1Z10-1S12 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, $57 Jessie st.
JAMES' Detective Bureau, 127 Montgomery St.,
room 21; phone Bush 2SS; charges reasonable.
Ladies' & gents' cast-off clothing bought *
eold. J. Silverman. 984 Folrom; tel. Folsom 1191.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious ctcr.es
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market ft.
>LFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to it? natural color; Jl; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors," :or leather, wood
end photos, at all first-class art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA & CO.. 24S EIHs; tel. Red 13G8.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1K1 Market st., nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
(SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Cora Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGBOXS.
DR. C. C. O" DONNELL— Office and residence.
1023 H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; ses
tpytlmor.ials at office. 115-117 -Mason, nr. Ellis.
RJ54X ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
ALL GENUINE^^RGAIl<b^jr"THli~LTsTl
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market et-
?16O0 — Seven-room bouse " on Broadway; a.
snap.
rj3iO— Two splendid tats; rented $23; near
Sixth st.
JS250— Seven-room aoii3e on Leavenworth 3t. ;
vpiy cheap.
J'iBOO— N>ar Sutter Bt; *-s".orr "-room hou-se;
oJTpr. wanted.
$7750 — Splendid Investment: near Van- Ness
avf. ; rents $S1; all rented.
$ar,or» — Vicinity of Ellis and Powell sts.: iot
40 feet 1rent; rents J63->er month.
$12.000 — Leavenworth Bt. ; rtnts 5103; lot 55 fesr
Tront; all rented.
?14.'K)0— Three elegant flat*; rents $150; all
rcntf^d: half caf-h; must sell-
?17.!i0(>— Two stores and two flats; no vacancy
in « years:. rents $107; lot 50 feet front.
J1S.0O0— Howard rt. ; downtown: fine £-story
buildlne-. with basement; -t-nts $125.
f25.Wi3— Greatest barwam in city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building; all rented and
mn poFitively over 8 aor cent net; within few
Ijiorks of Chronicle.
(K.OQS — Business property of 4 6tores ana S
flat*; rents f25n.
$3fi.OOO— Mission Et. ; 70 feet frontatre; down-
town district.
$40. 000— Corner rm Sansome et. : 137 feet front;
old improvements: renting for 1250.
J<9,00ft— Corner Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
rents S240.
f 55,000 — Grand corner; no feet front; few
blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$75. 000— Grand corner; 60 feet front; within
block of Tivoll; old improvements; rents $i00.
$7.". 000 — Splendid corner investment; rents $535;
lnt S3xl20; 3 front ases; ..ew improvements.
Other bareains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market Bt.
$l'?,000— FOUR very f>ne modern flats near the
Park; 4 rooms and bath each: rents
J110; morUrape JSDOO: lot 40x106:3; cost
113,000 to build.
$6,C0O— Two new up-to-date flat* in Western
Addition; 1 and 11 rooms and bath re-
spectively; rents $5S.
$6,E00 — Thre*r T-ery nte« flats on Larkin st. ; 5
and 6 room* and bath eax;h; rents $62 50;
mortgage $5500.
J4.500— A enan; north Harrison, between 5th
and €th: two 2-etorj' houses of 6 rooms
end bath each; -rents 540.
$7, "30- Three flegant flate, 6 rooms each; west
Fide Jones, north of Filbert Bt.; rents
J65.
Apply R. McCOLGAN.
24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
ttSO— CHEAPEST home in the city: to effect
quick eale; 4 rooms and etable; well of water
produces 1000 gallons per day; street accepted
by city; cement sidewalk; plank side en-
trance; part cash. Call Immediately on H.
TV. DAVTS, 415 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
CHEAP— House airj lot, 56 ft. front, concrete
wall, iron railings. 1 rooms, bath, laundry,
barn, chicken yard, lawn: most healthy and
pleasant location in S. F. ; further particu-
lars Inquire of L L. MERRELL. 22 Vlcks-
burg- et. -. V- ¦-
11350—4 ROOMS and bath cottag-e, on very easy
terms; lot 25x100: $300 up; only 4 minutes 1 walk
to 24th-Ft electric cars. Wisconsin and Twen-
. ty-fourth sts.
t>OT in Mission — Corner. 25x90: desirable lo-
cality, residence district: suitable for grocery,
no opposition. Apply 791 Stevenson st.
MUST be Fold— SE. cor. llariposa and Florida
*ts. : store of 3 rooms and flat of a rooms,
bath: easy terms; see owner.
FOR Sale— Nice cottacc. 4 rooms and bath;
every convenience. r.2S Sixth ave., near Park,
Richmond.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond an-1 the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 630 California.
MODERN cottages and fiats built: reasonable: ¦
plans furnished. GEORGE M. SALSBURY,
builder: effice \VZ Market st
IV you have lots to sell north of the Park.
Then call on XV. J. CirNN. n30 California «t.
UEAI. KST.VTn- -COfXTKY — Fop Sale
I>: the healthiest and best part of Placer Co.;
20 acres fruit; best varieties; 16 acres In bear-
ir.fr; fine fence, barn and house; grood water; 'j
ons mile from depot: ideal place made by
practical man v.-ith experience; wiil sell
' ohenp on account of leaving the country- R-
F... Vex 2104. Call office.
£1000—40 ACRES; < miles from county seat:
2.% acres cleared; some fruit and vines; a good
hr,z ranch. Apply A. M. £PECIC & CO., CC7
Market ft. '
RANCH fcr sale— i« aere«; 3D in prunes and ap
plre: JO in crapes: louse. bar-J. ' springs.
Apply owner, M. MELLOT Lsrinsrton Hotel.
-Mma P. O.. Banta Clara County. Cal.
lit.'Y la Kapa County; no drouths, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us fnr free
'opy "Ntpa County VSiitfuHuriist." THE W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. gt. Helena. Cal.
M. GRirFIN. 719 Market St., by Call building,
sells hotrJc, lodg'.nit-housep stores, etc.
_ Printed lifts of farms and city property.
WUI'J'JJ J. \V. KOTIJC. MS Main. Petaluma. for
'.yfp cr:>y rf f^rorra Co. reai estate bamlns.
CHTiTAPnST iM bert !n America— The Weekly
is pnercs. scr.t to any address In the
rr Jll^ or Canada cne 5'ear fcr SL
REALTY TO _CHA.\GE.
1 2 PTO P p rty~in^irparts^o7T«ie~~ursr~to
and choice colony tracts for tale;
«ad stems rcr cauiogues.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
*J7 Market st., opposite Mason.
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
gineer, Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I., March 1, 1301— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., wUl
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m.. August 1, 1901. and then publicly opened.
Work to be' done includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
' 000 cubic yards of dredging and a piln -bullc-
• hea.1 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud, sand
e.nd shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming, land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.
One contract -will be made ¦ for the -whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right Is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For speciflchtlons and
blank- forms apply to this office, -Bureau of
Insular Affairs. Washington. D.. C. : United
States Engineer Offices at Nfiw York. Chi-
cago and San . Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain, Engineers.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 6, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Monday, May 6,
1001, and then opened, for construction of a
sewer system at Fort Point, Cal. Govern-
ment reserves right to reject or accept any or
all bids in whole or In part. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (including- in the price
of. foreign productions the duty thereon) be-
ing equal, and such preference given to arti-
cles of American production produced on the
Pacific Coast, to extent. of consumotion re-
quired by the public service there. Informa-
tion furnished on application to J. M. MAR-
SHALL, Assistant Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M. . . . : .
PROPOSALS will lie received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Depart-
ment, Washington, D. C., until 12 o'clock
noon, April 16. 1901, and publicly opened lm-
. mediately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
Yard, Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of
brushes, Eheet Bteel, rivet steel, beeswax,
iron pipe and fittings, lumber, chain, grind-
stones, muslin buffs, carborundum wheels,
sewer pipe and fittings, closets, ..machine
tools and motors. Blank proposals will I be
furnished upon application to ' the Bureau
or to the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco,
Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster .General U.
S. N. - - - '. > 3-16-01.
RAILWAY TBAVEL. .
JA FEW FIGURES
9.00 A.M.
I THAT'S V/HEN YOU
t LEAVE SAN FBANCISCD i
. ¦ . - i - i
- - <
¦ . - 4
2:15 PJ. ]
THIRD DAY .THAT"S )
I WHEN YOU ARRIVE IN ft
!;i CHICAGO ON THE . . . i|
» CALIFORNIA LIMITED I
7 ' wTm fi Bi D S S i *
I onli I A rr I
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
I'raini lfi»«c> ..u.i nr* iliic i»» »rrl*« <?«
MAK fit .tNCI.NI'O.
- (Main Line, Foot of MarUet s:reet.)
Mate — From March 31, 1S01. — abritb
?:SUa Benicia. Sulsnti, Elraira. VacatUIc;
- lSbmsny &ml M icr»uieiiri> 7 :53 r
7:3I)A D.ivirt, Woodland. Kuitbts Laiidiiiif,
Maryafille, i>rmill«« ?iS5p
7::iO» Atlai.Mi: Kxpresa— U^ too »ud Km: 13:»3v
S:OI>a Martiiien, .S;m ILainiiii, Vi-.llejo, Nui'K, '
• Ualistnga ftml Santa Una* fl:3Sp
8:OOa Livennord, StncXtoii, IlM-ford, Vi a-
' lla, torrcrtlili' ¦ 4tZ*T
»:(»()* j;iii-», Lsthr.iy. Merced, Piikiio, Cj-
k. raarla 4;S3r
- S:SOa Sh wsa Kxv"ess— Davis, Williams (for . - .
Bartlatt Springs), Willows, Usd -
; " Bluff. Portland., .i 7:50f
. •>::•> a Sum .lube, l.iTtrrmote, Stocktim,
- lone, .Sitrrainrntti. IMacerville.
»:.-.rjii»ii!«, Cliici. Uwl IJIi.lT...... -tiSSr -
m-.n»* OakdRlr, Chinese, noiwra. Cartnn... 4i23p
tt:t!l>A H»y»7»nla. Nilrsautl War (*»_¦»¦ .1 Ii»3a
v U:<m>aLos Ansetes E.tiiresH — "j irtiimz^
Tracy, l«i;lirf>p. Mtocktou, llerceu
iVesno anil Los Aiigetcs T:33a
O-.:i»a V»ili-Ji», .MortinnxaiKt Way Station* »:43r
I !•:«>» a Th» Ov«rl*ini JJinttmt— Osdeii, l>wi-
»er, Omaha. Cblragx ..." ««S5r
fl:««>p Bner>iini>iito Iliruf HiBaii.wrn f5:0i»%
SsSOp IUWftriK N't. • au<l Way HkstiniM. T.SSp
a-.'M'e I'ort-CoitA. 5t..rtintz Sjron. Siock-
too. Lodi .V. ... »O9»A
4i»»r K-iiicm. •V/iKtent, ita <¦»»¦.- n to,
WimmIi.ukI, Knliflitn Lnudinc,
MNrjstillt*. OriiTirin.'....... ....... IO:O3i
4,t>Op Mr.rlinez, Han lUnifiri, Vnllrjo,
- - K:ip:i, < fettatntfn, Snuta Uunt . . OiSS V
•i;UOp Ki'e?, TjTFrmore. Stockton. Lo4i,
Mo ced, Fr-wco •- ?:»3?
'•f ::i<>r Hiywards. Niler,.«an.li.»«. J.irf raori tS'^^A
%:()«p TlmOirl UmltvJ— Tracy. Swcktoo.
E'resuu. lUkenlielii. ftutigiui for . .
rtanok B«>>r*ra, \a e Anic<-iea St.iSt
3i«m»p JlayiT-iriiH. Mile.; rikI Hw Joiie "-J-It
I !:»»»
6iO»r Orlonbil M,,i\ -Oj leu, CUeionuo..
... .. Omaha, Chieiffn.. 12:25f
6:O0p Orloiital Mail— Ogdeo, Denter.
Oinah». (Jhicuto •ItSS*
?:«><>¦• OrcKi»i:ui<l Calif'iriii* Ktfrmm. Hue- ¦ ¦¦ -
ruuaulM, iMitrj-Hvlllf. KmbltvK
l'o»tl:iu.l, I'litjet .S«iii,.I mi-, I Kaib . »«53a
«:«)5pSan P*b!o, l'»tt <;osta, Mirtlaez
ami Way KlaUoiiS ll.-!»5%
l«l(KIp VatWo ?t3A>
COAST LWE (S»rr»w <4=.ii s e>.
(fcotuf MiirJu-t Strewr.t
. 8:15* Kei»ark.Oi'!itMfillf,M«ii.;<«o,Kcihiii,
iJu. 1 : 1 l e rCr.-ek..Haut«.(Jrii/.ui>.lV.'«>-
Htvtlmm «.«O#
t3il.tr New-u-k, ».•«!. InrvUlM, H»fl .!,«, H'W '
Alinaile:>, fBlt->ii, ISoiiIilor «. 1 r«-eb,
Santo • .'cm; ami Tcincipal Way
SfjtUoiw H»i!»«>A
: 4:l.1pNotrark, S*ii ,1iki«. Lou Oiton S;:VO»
a9:30p Hnuten' I'xeursioD, San Joes and
- Way Stttioon t7s3O>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from S4X FiUNCISvO— r«t of Mirk.t StrcwXIb S>—
't7:18 0:00 ll:00*.il. 1:03 3:33 JiK'.*..
fr«mOAIUHD— r«ol «t Bto»d«»T.— 1«:00 td.OO tS:03
10;U0«.W. 12:00 3:33 . i:33 r.M.
T " COAST LilXB (Uroail ««n B »).
(ThlriUmllownseint.SK)
t(!:l»AOcean View, .South n*n Vcaueliicu.. f«»a»#
7:I»»a Mail .line nutl \Y»y St:«tl..iiH l>:t<>*
/7:«o» N«w Al.im.l-ii / li3O»
»:00a CotstLJneLlm'.ted, H»a Josp.nilroc.
. -.; Bdlinss, Jf.go Kobles, H^n Xni3
Obiipo, L'-.mpoc, Sant* B»rbir»,
Los Augeles 10:<«3»
Vi30A N»i J<»«. Ties fiuon. HantiL tfwttm,
- - ' IV.riii,- \unir, a»it Principal inter-
' I inodiits .Sti»tl..im... i 7;3i»»
IIi«Oa -San .liMRiiinl Way. Station »«U«p
13:l-*«P.Sa:i AUtco. Uednooit. MhiiIo Park,
¦ • Pala Alto, fianta Clara. San June, -.
Tres Pinoa. Santa i'.twt., Salinas,
. ' . Monterey aiul !'.'icllic «JroT« tIO:43i
frtsnor San.Ioaaana Way .St..l.i.»u» C::t<»A
t t:l»r SanJnuoainl DrinritCT! Way Stations »:i3»
ff\t 13? Sunset IJ-nitwl— El Ptso, Maw Or-
. leaiisard Jfti*t ..." e»0:l».i
t.1:OOi>Saii Jos>-, Los UatO3 and Principal
Way Station!! i»iO3»
.1.-:so r Han.I'.iw mi.l Principal W»? Stations K:.tnA
B::s»p ,o«.n.1i>s-aml Wny t»»»«A
TsOOr Nmr Orlwns ETprexo, S.»n Jose, • ¦ ¦
S »nt % Bsrbar*. Lia ADjelw, D m- * nn ,
Ins El Vwo. New Orle»n» tnd E. st T.OWA
7:00p HA M'.nta. Monterey. fuciSc Giotp ; - „_
Lotipoo l°\££,
ml:4.'»rS»ii.lum-nii.l Way Stxti.wia « :8OP
¦ - • A for Morning. ¦ ¦ I* for A f temuun. -
tMii..(lar»tcepteA t "nnd>«y on^y.
ffVreAif<uUji. ' / Tu "Malaya %ud Fridaji.
. a Saturday «»ol» - -.'
CALIFORHIi KORTHIESTERH RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHD KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.. .
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San FrnnClNco to Saii Rafael.
'TlBURON FKRRT-^FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. ll^H) a. m.; 12:35. 3:10.
¦ 6:10. «-:3« p. ra. TburaUay*— Extra trip at 11:3»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m. ;¦¦-¦¦¦;
fiUXDAYS-S:00. 9:S0. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 1:39.
5:00.- «:M p. m.
San Rafael to San FrancUe*.
TVEKK t)AYS-6:l<>. 1:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; i3:«.
3:40. -3:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1.3*
8UNDAYS^S:?<>, 9:«, 11:19 a. m.J l:iO, »:*».
Bet'weeii sin Francisco and Schuetxen Park.
same schedule as above^ ¦ ¦
~~ L«are T"in~Effect I Arrtv*
Fan Franclsca INov. 7. 1900. 1 San Francuco.
C , k I ff£ I D«t,nat,on.[ j^ 1 5K
7:30 am «:eOam Novato. 10:40 ftm|S:«0 am
8:30 pm »:30 am Petaluma. 6:to PmllO:2» am
5:10 pm S:<»pm Santa- Rosa. 7:3apmr«:23P"
t..---. Fulton. _
7-30 am Windsor. M:a s_
• Healdaburg. - ¦¦»--. v>;
Lytton. .. ' . V
Geyserville,"
jt:30pm 9:00 am ClOVertlale. 7:35 pm <:K pm
'** '"I 8: 00 , J ajyagglu I 7:35 pm| ¦:« pm
7-30 am ' " 10:25 am
8*0 asi Guernerllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pmr 6:22 P" 8
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:i* am 8:40 am
and
5:18 pm 5:0ft pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm »:g pm
7:Maml «:00 an7( ~^ jio':4i) amilO:25 am
3:S0 prn| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:2j pm| 6:22 pm
. Stases connect at Santa Rosa tor _irk TVes:
SDrinea and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton,
for Altruria: at I.yttcn for Lytton Sprints: at
Geyser-vine ' for Skaess -Sprinsa: at Ck>v*rdal«
fcr -the Geyaers; at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Hlghlahrt Springs, Kelgeyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda T3ay. Lakeport and Eartlett
£t,rins3: at Ubiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Boring*. Cpper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day'". Riverside. Lterley'a. Bucknell'a.
f anhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoctno City. Fort Bra??. Westport. L«al,
Willetts, Laytonvllle. Curnmlngs. Kell'a Springs,
JIarris. Olsens, 'Dyer. Scotia and Kurelca.
¦ gaturday to- Monday round-trip tJciieta at r»-
duced rates. . . ¦ •
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce. KO Market st. Chronicle build-
ing. R. X. RTAX.
H. C. WHITIXG. .:.. , Gen. Pass. Agi.
¦ - General Mooaser. ,\ -
MOUNT TAMALPA IS RAILWAY
. Via Sausalito Terry— Foot of Market 'St.
tw- •«¦» ruAii. '.:•'..- •¦«••• mtm. ¦
9115 a.m.) WFrirTlVYf I 3*0 lr. If.
1-tiP. M.J- WtEK IUYS -~ i a:23p.jfc
"4:uOp. m.) Stay over cigh tat tlieTAVtrtM Luk&a.m.
s<:ooa. m.i • njggg?" f '•<*"> m
10:00A.M. { - *»-"XT>lVS| J 3:W.M.
11:3 a. M . f :~~ » •- S DA Y3 „„.„ j |rS 5 y u
l:!ip.u.) ' I 5:1ir.n.
l-afe. s*n Frardsco to Summit ami Rj-rarn. *l.44>.
Ticket Offices, &-'l Market St.. A Sausaiito Verrr. ,
/^%k Dr. Gibbon's Bispensary,
jL.gf-^^629 iiLEA.tS.iSTC St"I ilsrab!Uh«-d
[&£**, p^rah 1*154 for the treatment »f I'rlv-ntn
jaa / jfh^aMf l>JJw^.<e!<. I^r«t KanlMmd. Debility or
1 "* 83 '' xv * ar ' n jron l>ody »n<l niiml *:nl
Disuses. The Doctor enrw when
cS5s**"*^i other3 ' <rl "* ' r^ h!nl - •'DarfffS low,
?jgsE9^i<'iirr<i;u»r;iiiirril. Ci-.ll or write.
Or. J. i". UIBBOa, sai: Krr.jsclscc, CaJ.
MCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
&$ : 9?- fe
50 Head of BROKEN, DRIV-
ING, WORK and SADDLE
HORSES, weighing from
950 to 1500 lbs.
Also a number of WORK MULES
Consigned by HON. M. BIGGS of OROVILLE.
JOS. DYER Esq.. W. W. CASEY
Esq., SAN MATEO. and Others. •- \
TO BE SOLD j
TO-MORROW.
TUE8DAY- - - April 9th. 1901.
AT 11 A. M.. AT
SALESTARD, 1732 Market st.. cor.- Van Ness.
Stock at Yard April 6th.
FRED H. CHASE & CO., . ,
. •. - ' (Successors to KilliD & Co.)
¦ ¦ • ¦ Livestock Auctioneers.
' ; OCEAN TRAVEL.
. . „.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m. - '¦' ,v;i- ' Steamers leave . Broadway
6^ - . " wharf, San Francisco:
Wa,, For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
SKlS|*Ih v April 1, 6, 11, IS, 21, 2S, .May
' pi§S^rwS 5 *5lK *• Change to company's
i <yCKS5iV*£?l steamers at Seattle.
I jSo/agfa Ma! For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
KjSjSK2i*5A*3 C), Port Tojvnsend. Seattle.
L *^__3_ Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
•*-. ' - and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
* • • ». n a . ra.. April 1. 6, 11. 16. 21.
26, May 1, ' and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry- : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Fcr Eureka. Humboldt Bay— % p. m., April 3,
8, 13. IS, 23, 28, May 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. , L,
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geleg) — steamer Queen, Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For. Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos, Pert Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. in.; steamer Bo-
nita. Tuesdays, 9 a. m. ¦ .
For Fnsenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)^lO a. m.y 7th each
-month.-. • ¦
For further- information obtain company's
folders. / - ¦
The comnany reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and 'hours of sailing
without • previous notice.
TICKET. OPPICE — i New Montgomery
street (Palace lintel). ¦ . - "
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st- San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
AndShrrt Rail Lire from Portland to *!l
points East. Through t'ekets to all
! prints, a! I rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
S. &. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
S. S. GEO. W. ELDER. Satis Anr. 8. 18, 23, "May 8
. - E. C. WARD; General Agent.
. . - • 1 Montgomery- St.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. - v • . •' . ¦-' ¦
S3. HONGKONG MARTI. Tuesday, April 9. 1301
ES. NIPPON MARIJ........ Friday, May 3. 1901
ES. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced 1 rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
lil Market street. . oorner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
ES. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa," New
.• ¦ Zealand -and- Australia... T..' ...;./....'
"¦ .;,...........' — Wednesday, April 17, 9 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)....; ;.
Saturday, April 27, 2 'p. m.
3. D.SPBECKELS & BROS. GO., General Agents, 327 Harket St
Ben'l PassengBr Offiss, 643 KMot St., riir lo. 7, P3ciSj St
iiNiiiiii^si
TO NEW- YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
. . Cabin, ?105; Steerage, $40.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Snturday, "April 2O •
S. S. Argyll sal^s Alondsy, May 6
8. 6. r sai!s Alonday, M&y 20
From Harrlson-st. Wharf, 2 v. ra.
Freight and Dassenger office, 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR: Pacific Coast Agent.
CCKPAGlilE GENEBALE TRAN3ATLANTKJUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. J*^^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42,
North. River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second clasa to
Havre, *43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York - J. F.
FTJOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San -Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Asents.. . -
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEES.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello." -
MON., TUES.. WED., THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. tn. and 8:30: Sundays. ,
10:30 a. m.,'8 p. IE. Landing and office, Mls-
slon-»t. Dock. Pier Ko. 2. Telephone Ham 150^.
, BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
' . _ hocal Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Daily. Daily. Dally.
LiV. fean Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
-Ar. Stockton.. 1(1:23 a 11:43 a 11:05 p. 7:25 p
" Merced... 12:33 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
•• Fresno .. 2:20 p" 2:35 p 3:03 a ........
•¦ Hanf6rd.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:08 a. ........
•' Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a .'...
" Tulare ... 4:27.p 4:47 p 6:05 &
•• Bksneld.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
- " -Kan. City ......... 2:4la ?:3n a „,
• • Chicago 2:15 p t 5:00 p
¦ a for morning, p. for afternoon.
'¦ 9:00 a. m. train is the Califorijia Limited.
-Carrying Palace Sleepins Cars ami Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Kakersfield for accommodation of local
flrPt ¦ class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-'
spending train arrives at 5:55- p. in. daily.
4-20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspofcd-
ing train -arrives" at 11:05 a. tn. daily.
8:C0 P. ni. Is the Overland Express, vrllli
through Palaca and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair .Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts our at' Fresno.. Corre-
Epondtns train arrives nt 5:53 p. m. daily.
7-20 a »ni. !« Bakersfield Local, stoppins
at all Points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
Officer— 6<t Market street and in .'Ferry
Depot; San Francisco; 1118 Broadway', Oak-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
" ¦"¦*' Coromenctas September SO. 1300.' : "
FROM KAN FRANCISCO TO MII_ VALLET
¦ - AND SAN HAFAEI*.
WEEK DAYS-«:5a. *»:15, 11:00 a. m., *1:U,
S15 4-00. 5:15. »a:15, 6:40 p. m. - * ,
¦'EXTRA - TRIPS— For .Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:0tt and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAY.*-*8:00. *10:0^, »U:30 a. _. ,»1:15.
3:15 »4:43, 6:30, 9:00 p. m. . < . -.
Trains marked (•) run to Pan Quentin. ¦
FHOM SAN 11AFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.'
WEEK DAYS— 5:20.- *8:30, 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12-30 1:45. *3t3C. 4:30. 5:20 p. m. - . - . .
¦ KXTftA -TRIPS- on Jlcndays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:10 p. m. . -
*SUNTiAYS-i:20, •8:00. . *W:00. '11:45 a.m.,
{ •1-40,' *2 :15, 4:4S,«»6:30tp. m.
I Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FKOM MJI*L VALLKY.TO SAX - FRAXCISCO-
-WEKK DAYS- 3:43. 6:45. 7:5*. 9:Z0 a. m..
I2as. 2:10. 3:30. 4:34. 5:3) p.m.
EXTRA TlclPS • on , Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. 01. • ¦ •
-SUNDAYS— 8:03. 10:05 'a. m.. i;;05. 2:13. 3:30.
' 5:00, «:t5 p. Bi. - v" . . - ,
,,...,. THROUGH TRAINS. ., : .
. - - «:E5 ¦ a. io. week - dey»-<;azadero . and -way
stations..- . ¦ • '•;'¦;--.¦ ¦-¦
1:43. p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
rtations. v>*sflD3SS8H** ' -
g a. tn. Sundays — Tomales and r way sta-
tions.
PROPOSALS^ for Woolen Blankets, . Depot
Quartermaster's Offlce, 36 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco, Cal., April 5, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this offlce until 10 o'clock a. m., Saturday,
April 20, 1901, Pacific Standard "Time,- and
then opened, for. furnishing Woolen Blankets.
Quantity to be subject, to an increase of 20
per cent, if desired by this Department. ' Un-
• guaranteed bids, and bids upon sampled dif-
fering from standard and specifications, -will
under no circumstances be considered; pro-
posals for less quantity than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids will be Opened for
the delivery, of the Blankets at either the
San Francisco, Boston, Chicago, and Phila-
delphia Depots, but none will be given con-
sideration for Inspection or delivery at other
points than those named above. Early de-
liveries are essential. The 'rate and time-of
delivery must be stated by bidders in their
proposals, and no proposition should be made
which they are not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference will be . given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty ¦ thereon),
&nd such preference will be given to'articlea
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast,' to the extent of
the consumption required by the public | ser-
vice there. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
indorsed "Proposals No. 3447," and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster,
U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS.
jn^Fi-iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, -from hi3 Iat6 resi-
dence, 15S7 Alcatraz avenue., between Lovell
and Calais streets. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. ' ¦ ¦ " ' '.'-'¦''•-.'
iCTFriends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street,
•- under the auspices of the Pacific Coast Walt-
• era' AcsDCiation. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. - . -. . . ; -. -.'.-.
SUTLIFF— In this city, April 7, 1901, Alleen
June, beloved daughter, of Thomas B. and
•Agnes C. ¦ Sutliff; and sister of Carmelita,
Natalie, -Muriel and Norma. Sutliff. a native
of San Francisco, aged .4 years 10 months
and 22 days...- ¦ •¦ v - • : . . . .
SMITH— In this city, April 6, 1901, Richard
13. Smith, a native of Ireland, aged 53 years.
WRIGHT— In Sacramento, April 5, 1901, Annie
B., wife' of Walter Wright, and sister of
Mi c s Mary Mails of Sutter Creek, Cal.,
George Mails of Sacramento and Frank Mails
of San Quentin Point, a native of New.YOrk,
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral , this , day
.(Monday), at Cypress Lawn Cemetery, on tbe
arrival -of the 11:30 o'clock train from San
Francisco. • .
WILLIAMS— In Oakland, April 7. 1901, at 604
Seventeenth street. Kate A., wife of Albert
S Williams, daughter of the .late J. W. and
Helen A. Shaeffer, and sister of Edgar W.
Shaeffer, a native of San Francisco, . aged 29
years B months and 29 days.- :',-.-:•.,
OFFICERS and members j of Golden . Gate
Chapter No. 1, O, E. S., are notified -to at-
tend the funeral of pur late member, Kate
i Shaeffer Williams, to-morrow (Tuesday), at
I o'clock, from Golden. Gate Hall. 629 Sutter
street. By order of the W. M.
M. A. HAWLBY, Secretary.
ZIMMER— In Lorin, Berkeley," April 7, 1901,
John, dearly beloved ' husband of Katherine
Zimmer, father of Louise, Christopher, Kate,
Edna, John and Johanna Zimmer, son of the
late Christopher - and Margarethe Zimmer,
brother of Mrs. K. RItter and. Miss Louise
Zimmer, and son-in-law of Margaret' and the
late 1 John Muleahjv a native of Melbourne,
Australia, aged 48 years 5 months and 10
days. 'A member of Verein Eintracht and
West Berkeley Lodge No. 21, O. d. H. S. ¦
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
l fully invited to attend the funeral this dav
' (Monday), from her late residence. 1938 Ellis
street, thence to Holy Cross Church, • Eddy
' street, between. Scott and DeVisadero. where,
at 9 o'clock, a solemn requiem mass -will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. Inter-
ment private.' Please omit flowers. •
SHIMONOUSKY— In this city. April 7, 1901,
Henrietta, darling little daughter of Mr. and
' Mrs. H. Shimonousky, and sister of Esther,
-. Annie, .Dora, .,' Morris .and Bennard Shimon-
ousky, a native of • Oakdale, Cal., aged 4
years and -7' months.
SEILER— In this city, April 8, 1901, Frank W.
A. Seiler, a native of Germany, aged 44 years
8 months and 17 days. . .-.-.,
(C?"Friends ajid.acauainta.ncos are .respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1: o'clock, from his. late resi-
dence, 1219 York street, between . Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, j thence . to I. O. O.
F. Hall, .corner Seventh and Market streets,
where sen- ices will- be held under the aus-
pices of Franco- American . Lodge No. 207,
I. O. O. F. Interment I. O. 'O. F Cemetery.
STRONQ-^In this city," April 6, 1901, Johanna,
. beloved mother of. Robert W. . Strong, and
eister of Thomas Sheahen and the late Mau-
rice Sheahen. a native" of County Limerick,
Ireland, ared 70 years. .: " : .> .
¦¦ (£?"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect?
fully -Invited > to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at. 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
de nee,- 23% Folsom avenue, off Folsom street,
-' between • Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
• Joseph's Church, s where: a- requiem mass will
¦ be "celebrated for'the repose of her soul.at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary' Cemetery.
SEVERNS— In this city, April 5, 1901, Mary
Ettie, beloved daughter of T. J. and the late
Mary A. Severns. and sister of Erie, Emma,'
Ethel and the. late Andrew E. Severns, a na-
tive of California. - ¦
' (Tuesday), at 2 'o'clock, I rom'_St«. Peter, and
Paul's Italian « Church, : -corner Dupont . and
Filbert" 8treets. At 10. o'clock same day re-
mains will ' be conveyed from his late ¦ resl-
• dence, 535% Union street to . said church,
' where a solemn requiem hlKh'mass will.be
celebrated for • the - repose of - his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 j o'clock. Interment New
Italian Cemetery. ' : : ' ¦;. . . . :
FOSTER— In this I city, , April 7, 1901, Mrs.
¦ Emily Foster, a of . Germany, aged
' 78 years.'.'.' -.' , ... .- '¦ ;:.-..- »
HART— In this city, April 6, 1901, Joseph Hart,
a native of Ireland, aged 79 years.- .
HEMBERGER— In this city, April 7, 1S01. Julia
Hemberger, beloved mother of Mrs. L. Kipp,
Mrs. F. Enos, Mrs. F. K. Dedrich. v Mrs. L.
Burmeister -and Frank, ¦ Rose, Albert and
Edward Hemberger, . a native of Baden, Ger-
many, aged 67 years and 14 days. \
HUGHES— in this city, April 7, 1901, Ellen R..
beloved ' wife of John. Hughes, mother of
Daniel, John, Alice, Robert • and Rose
Hughes, and Sister of Mrs. . Mary A. Heney
of Mountain View station, Santa Clara
County, a native of Boston, Mass." -,
(CTFriendS and acquaintances are respect--
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9. o'clock, - from her late resi-
dence, 507 Webster street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church,' corner Fillmore - and -Fell
Btreets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated fof'the repose of her soul, com-
:mencingr at 9:30. Interment Mt... Calvary
JOHNSEN— In this city, April 6, 1901, Rebecka
. Elizabeth Johnsen, beloved mother of Peter
Johnsen, Mrs. P. Turner, Mrs. G. Gregor-
inssen and Jens Johnsen, and sister of the
late William Smith, a native of Norway,
aeed 80 years.- . • . . ;- - -
. n^jr Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at -2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 40 Clyde street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. ¦ ."¦ ¦" ¦ - . -• " ¦
KEMP VAN EE— In Santa Rosa, April 7, 1901,
Mrs. J. C. Kemp Van Ee, mother of J. M.,
¦J. C., H., W. A. ahd Dr. F; Kemp Van Et
and Mrs. D. KraUsse, Mrs. N.' Morini, Mrs.
M. Godens and Mrs. Z. Adams, aged 84 years.
MAYERS— In this city, April 6, 1901, Dorothy,-
beloved daughter of Walter H. and the late
Mary Pauline Mayers, and sister of Hazel,
Walter and •'Madeline Mayers,- a ! native . of
' San Francisco,- %ged 6 years and 9 months.-
(rirFriends and acouaintanees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday)! at 11 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence 817% Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. :¦ \
MANSELL— In this city, April 3, 1901, Michael
¦ Mansell, beloved cousin of Thomas Morlarty,
; a native of the 'parish of Claham. County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 58 years. &.%
tCTFriends and acauaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. this day
• (Monday), ; at 8:15- o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy- & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth,- thence • to the
Chapel of the : Passion, ¦ First, street, between
Bryant and Harrison, -where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
MURPHY— In • the City and County Hospital,
¦ April 7, 1901. James P. Murphy, a native of
Ireland, aged .72 years _. .... .¦:"¦
O'NEILL— In this city, . April 7, 1901, Patrick,
beloved son of Felix and -Sarah" O'Neill, a
native ¦ of Markea Hill, County Armagh, Ire-
land, aeedf29 years. (Dallas County, Tex.;
: Sacramento, Los Angeles and Tucson, Ariz.,
papers please copy.) , ¦
tC?"Friends ajid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 'the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James' McMenOmey '&' Son; .1057
Mission street, opposite new Postofflce. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.' .
POTTOR— In this city, April— , 1901, Lbretta
E., darling daughter of Steve and Evelyne
Pottor, and sister of Steve Pottor, a native
of- San Francisco, ' aged 7 days.
ROCHE— In this city.,- April 7,' 1901, Katie
Frances, beloved daughter . of > John S. and
Hanorah Roche, and sister of Stephen,
Thomas G., J. J. and Joseph Roche, a native
of San Francisco, aged 8 years and 9 months.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 26 Thirteenth street. Inter-
ment Holy . Cross Cemetery. : .
SCHMALTZ-4ln this; City, Anrll 6, 1901, Jac-
ques Schmaltz.- beloved husband of Blanche
Schmaltz, father of JRosalie- and Aline
Schmaltz, beloved son of Bernard Schmaltz,
and brother of MrS; Samuel Hancock and the
late Mrs. Marie Hancock, a native of Mul-
house, Alsace, aged 47- years 8 months and 12
days. .
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGaTnS IN~TYPEWRrrERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
" houre In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.CRESCENT CITY, April. 7.— The* City
Council has passed an ordinance .raising:
saloon licenses from $3 per month to $10
per month and requiring a well approved
bond of $1500 for the keeping of an orderly
house. - Before a . new saloon may be
opened the proprietor must present. to the
Council 'a petition signed by not less than
ten -reputable citizens and heads of fami
lies residing within the immediate vicinity
of the designed establishment. •:.-•;
Cost of Saloon Licenses Raised.
Rev. Father McLoughlin, the. "singing
priest" from New .York, will deliver a
musical. lecture at the Metropolitan Tem
ple on the evening of April 9 for the bene
fit of the Young Ladles' Institute. During
his stay in this city- the eloquent priest
has won a . host of admirers with his
charming manners and oratorical powers:
'x_e subject of his discourse on this occa
sion will be "The Shamrock, Rose and
Thistle." .H- -
Father Iff cLoughlin to Lecture.
NEVADA' CITY,, April j 7.— Mayor B. ! S.
Rector has issued a call for a town elec
tion to take place on May 6, one month
from to-day. The officers to be "elected
are two Town -Trustees, a Treasurer,- an
Assessor and a Marshal. Some little time
since Treasurer J.B. Gray died and E.J.
Morgan was elected by the Trustees to
succeed him. At the time Morgan made
the public promise ¦ that he ¦ .would turn
over every; dollar of his salary as Treas
urerUo'the widow of . his predecessor,
which promise he has fulfilled. Morgan.
Is now a candidate for the nomination on
his own account. -. i . . ' ,»•_
Nevada City's* Election.
The appeal of George A. Rltter, attor
ney, St. Louis, Mo., .which appeared in
The Call Saturday for information as to
the whereabouts of his son, Orville M.
Ritter. met with a quick response. The
boy was found In the Helping Hand Mis
sion of the Salvation Army, Commercial
street, early yesterday morning by Po
liceman Scott and was taken to the City
Prison. Yesterday Captain Seymour had
a talk with him, and learned that he had
been working for the Boesh Lamp Com
pany. 5S7 Mission street, for some months
anc was mailng good wages. The reason
he had not written home for four months
was that he wanted to save enough
money by June 1 to go home and surprise
his parents. The captain wired to Attor
ney Ritter, and Orville, who is""a- bright
boy, 18 years of age. will be detained
pending a reply from his father.
Hissing Boy Is Found.
Wedding Invitations and. visiting cards.
Orders received in stationery department
and promptly executed In the very latest
style and at moderate prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
John Dukes, a colored man, who is fore
man in Bohl's . tobacco factory, j was ar
rested yesterday In Hinckley alley by Po
licemen Baxter and Matthieson . on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Dukes quarreled with Marie Garcia, a
Mexican woman living at 11 Hinckley al
ley, and he alleges she chased him out of
her house with a bottle. -When he reached
the street he picked up a rock and threw
it at her. It struck her. on the head, in
flicting an extensive scalp wound, which
was stitched and dressed at the Receiving
Hospital. •
Hit With a Rock.
Wife - Iioses by Not ¦ Accepting Hus
band's Offer of a' Cash' Set
tlement. . -
NEVADA CITY, April. 7.— In a star
chamber" session of the :. Superior Court,
ending Friday evening, Mrs. Ffeida'Gehrig
was granted a divorce from George Geh
rig for, extreme . cruelty. ' The ' case was a
long drawn-out ¦ one, having ; been fought
in one form or another for two years.
Judge Stanley A. Smith of Sierra County
presided in .the hearing just concluded, as
he did at the hearing of one year ago. • At
that time the suit was 'for- maintenace,
the parties not having resided in the State
the statutory period.- of one year. Ali
mony of a month was allowed. On the
question of permanent alimony the de
fendant offered to compromise by paying
the lump sum of $1500, which was prompt
ly declined by the plaintiff. The court in
its decision has divided that sum by two,
giving the woman ?750. : '
MRS. FRIEDA GEHRIG
GRANTED A DIVORCE
The Eastern Outfitting Company of 1304
to 1312 Stockton street, beginning with to
night, will close their establishment at 6
p.- m. and every night thereafter except
Saturdays and evenings before holidays. *
Early Closing.
Columbia Circle of the Ladles' Auxiliary
attached to the Ancient Qrder of Hiber
nians is preparing for a ball at . Union
square Hall on next Tuesday evening,
April 9. The members of the circle are
mostly members. of St. Teresa Church at
the Potrero. A shcrt programme will
open the evening's pleasure. It will be as
follows:
Address by the president. Mrs. Theodore
Kichards; vocal solo, John Glennan; recitation,
James M. Ward (by permission of Belasco &
Thall): fancy dances. Miss F. M. Smith; vocal
sclo. Miss Iona McDonald; Irish dances, O'Con
nor and Kelleher; comet solo, I Mr. Landers;
vocal solo. Miss Donovan.
The affair is in charge of the following
committees:
Arrangements — Mrs. Theodore Richards
(¦chairman), Mrs. P. "Ward. Miss Annie
Reedy, Mrs. J. Reedy, Mrs. S. McFaflden,
Miss II. O'Brien, Miss M. Fordy, Miss Bessie
Hennessy. Miss Fannie Galloway, Miss M.
Ganey. Miss, W. Higgins. Mrs. M. Onnell.
Miss T. Powers, Miss M. Powers,- Miss J.
Keeffe. Miss K. Ganey, Miss Delia Pardy,
Miss Annie Ryan. Miss Mamie Murray.
Floor' — Miss Annie Reedy, Miss Bessie Hen
nessy, Miss Hannah O'Brien and Ml«s A'
Galloway.
Reception— Mrs. P. R. 'Ward, chairman; Miss
X?ary Fordy. assistant.
HIBERNIAN AUXILIARY
ANNOUNCES A REUNION
The bay schooner Katie S took on board
178 tons of coal last Saturday and went
alongside the fhip Occidental in order to
be ready to begin discharging . to-day.
Captain Nels Schou and all hands went
ashore as soon as the schooner was made
fast. During the night it began to blow
and a swell came up, which broke over
the Katie S and soon flooded her so that
she sank. When the crew got down to the
front ¦ yesterday the schooner was at the
bottom of the bay. The wrecking schoon
er Catalina was hired to raise the Katie
S, but had not succeeded last night. The
cargo of coal will have to be taken out of
her before the hull can be raised. A diver
was sent down yesterday morning, and
he says that the schooner is not damaged
to any extent. ¦ . }
SINKS AT HER MOORINGS.
Schooner Katie S Fills and Goes to ths
Bottom. ; ,
Fifty-yard race — P. Sundberr first, S. Mc-
Kenzle second. Underwater ewimmlng— Andrew
Johnson first, P. Louis second. Tub race— W
"Wilson first, S. Raymond second. W. Rollins
third. 100-yard race— S. Raymond first, P.
Ryland second. Springboard diving— TV. Car
roll first prize, P. Sundberg; second prize. High
fiiving for boys— W. Stockton first prize, P.
Sundberg second prize. *
Large crowds passed Easter Suinday at*
the park and beach yesterday. One acci
dent was reported, and that was not se
rious. A man who gave the name' of John
Maloney fell down the stairs of the
Ocean Beach Pavilion and suffered a lac
eration of the nose. This case ends the
list of the day's accidents, and incidents !
•worthy of mention were as scarce. A
large crowd assembled at the Chutes ajid
enjoyed the varius features. The aquatic i
contests at Sutro Baths were witnessed ;
by many enthusiasts. Following are the '
results of the contests:
Easter Sunday at the Park.
' Mound Park.
' Court Shell Mound and Court Oakland,
social clubs, held their annual, picnic at
Shell Mound Park yesterday. About 1000
guests ; were present, and the afternoon
was spent pleasurably in dancing and
sports. Thirty-one gate prizes ' of wine
and provisions were given away.
The sports, arranged by Captain Siebe,
the popular proprietor of Shell Mound,
consisted of races for boys, girls, young
men. young ladles, fat men, fat ladies and
members, for prizes of household articles
and provisions.
The upper pavilion and the hotel dining
room were given up to the dancers, • for
whom a band and orchestra . furnished,
music. The following named composed
the committees: ,
Arrangements— William Bartels, cTmlrman;
C.Coughlin, treasurer; A. Anderson, secretary;
K..W. Niedt, B. Frohn, W. Bayles, F. Casey,
C. ' Granholt, : 'William j Henderson, ¦ William
Gobell, ' W. •' J. Briton, P. Newell, "W.Scheuer,
A.- Anderson. ' H. Smith, H. . Leiter, H. , Mc-
Manus," J. "F. ' Gleason,' F. Verden.
Floor— W. J. . Briton. H. McManus and H.
Smith. ¦ ¦.•-¦••• -• -. '
fathering Pleasantly Entertained by
Sports and Music at Shell
OAKLAND SOCIAL CLUBS
HOLD ANNUAL PICNIC
Under the conditions of the race the
minimum weight was fixed, at 168' pounds.
The course, 'a natural one of nearly five
miles, took the starters over. thirty-seven
jumps and five ditches, the obstacles be
ing four feet in- height. For over four
miles Monte Carlo, ¦with Harry Scott " in
the saddle, showed the way, and then the
game told on the old gelding. At , this
stage Mr. Parsons, who had been laying
away quietly, picked up the running, only
to be challenged after taking the last ob
stacle by Mr. Wheeler, astride Spectator.
After a long, gruelling drive the judges
awarded Spectator the race by a nose.
Monte Carlo ran third. Mary Keery, Mer
ry Bqy, piloted by Mr. Carolan, and the
mount of C. L. Whitney came to grief
during the journey.
There were eight starters for the mag
nificent trophy, valued at $500. which was
won after a fierce and thrilling finish by
Francis J. Carolan's Spectator, 6uperbly
ridden by the .Philadelphia gentleman
rider Charles Wheeler, beating Cuidado,
piloted by George Parsons/ a nose on the
wire.
Before a very select . and fashionable
turnout of society racegoers the annual
race for the San Mateo Hunt cup was de
cided at Burlingame Saturday under the
auspices of the Burlingame Country Club.
W. O'B. Macdonough acted as starter,
with Harry Howard and J. Downey Har
vey presiding *.n the judges' stand.
Charles Wheeler Mounted on Spec
tator Wins the San Mateo
Cup.
GENTLEMEN" RIDERS
OVER THE JUMPS
very great loss to our order, of which he has
been the general recorder for many month;
but It is a very much greater loss to those
vho were privileged to share his friendship
or to feel his charity and sympathy.
States Naval Order.
At a. meeting- of the Council of the Cali
fornia Commandery of the Naval Order
of the United States, held on Friday last,
a resolution of sorrow at the death of
Lieutenant Commander Leonard Chenery
•was • adopted. After dwelling upon the
beauty of his personal character, his gen
erosity and heroism, the resolution con
cludes:
Leonard Chenery was barely 55 at the time
of hie death, and the years that seemed to l>e
chead of him would have been full of good
deeds had it not been for the disease which
caused his retirement from active service in
ISO, and which terminated fatally on the
Kith of March of this year. His death Is a
Chenery Is Deplored by United
Death of Lieutenant Commander
RESOLUTIONS OF SOEROW
PASSED BY COMRADES
Major General Wood, TT-.S. A., Who
Saw Service in Two Wars, Here
to Meet His Son.
Major General Thomas J. Wood, U. S.
A., retired, arrived in this city yesterday
with his wife and took apartments at the
Palace. General Wood is here to meet his
son, who Is a commissioned officer with
the Twenty-eight.i United States Volun
teer Infantry, which will arrive on the
transport Thomas next Thursday. :
General Wood is a gallant West Pointer,
who won distinction in the Civil War. He
was born in Munfordville, Ky., in 1S23, and
graduated from West Point in 1843. He saw
service in the Mexican 'War on the staff of
General Zachary Taylor, and was for
twelve years on the Kansas and Texas
frontiers.
At the breaking out of the Civil War he
•was a major in the First Cavalry and was
attached to the Army of the Cumberland.
He commanded successively the Fourth
and Twenty-first Corps and was at Shiloh,
Stone River. Chickamagua and other im
portant battles. He was a major general
of volunteers when he was retired in 1868.
and breveted with similar rank In the reg
ular army.
GALLANT WAR VETERAN"
ABBIVES IN THIS CITY
Burglars entered the residence of I.
Sampler, a cigar merchant, at 625 Octavia
street Friday afternoon' and carried away
valuaoles to the extent of $600. The thieves
were evidently frightened away before
they had a chance to search the . entire
house, and overlooked gold and eilver
plate valued at $2000.
Mrs. Sampler left her residence about 2
o'clock In the afternoon to call on a
neighbor. She returned in a short time
and found that the bureau drawers in one
of the rooms had been ransacked and a
jewel box taken.
In the box were two ladies' jeweled
watches, two chains, two pair of diamond
studded bracelets, four diamond rings and
five Dins set with valuable stones.
Just before makins the call Mrs. Sam
pler had laid her plateware from the side
board on the dinins-room table, prepara
tory to cleaning it. When the detectives
visited the premises they expressed the
opinion that the lady's sudden reappear
ance caused the thieves to make their es
cape before they entered the dining-room.
Thieves Enter a Residence
on Octavia Street in
Daytime.
BURGLARS SECURE
VALUABLE JEWELS
Why Don't You Travel by Sea?
Call at office of' Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., 4 New Montgomery st, and inform
yourself concerning that company's im
proved service and low rates to Los An
geles. San Diego. Santa Barbara, Tacoma,
Seattle. Juneau, Skaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports.
The much-talk ed-of California Club col
lection of posters will also form a part of
this exhibit. There are some twenty-five
of them in oils, water colors and black
and w'r'te, ar.fi one of them is destined to
win a mize and furnish insignia for the
club. ' •
In leather this year's exposition will be
especially rich. California, alone, of all
the world, supplies that exquisite art
medium known as "velvet leather," and
rare samples of this will be shown.
Artistic wood carving, modeling and
burning occupy much space. Besides many
single craftsmen, the Wllmerding School
will contribute to this, while the Alameda
schools', exhibit of sloyd will be notable.
The rarest bit of beauty in this display of
woods will be a casket of curly birch with
ornamentation after the well-known "Ver
nis Martin." This is by Mrs. Susan Loose
ly, whose miniatures have gained such
favor with art lovers.
In sculpture numerous artists and the
Liok School are exhibitors. -
'The center attraction, and one which is
also a bit of artistic household beauty, is
an old-fashioned., mantel of brick tiles,
with wrought iron crane and kettle and
l.rass Jire .dogs, all designed and made in
San Francisco. A broad platform, slight
ly raised, suoports the mantel, and upon
this, surrounded by evidences of cozy com
fort, an honored member of the California
Club will keep her spinning wheel merrily
humming. The mantel and wall space will
serve for the display of brasses, some ex
tremely fine bronzes and wrought-iron
work In the shape of art lamps and other
objects. Elder, Vandenburgh, W. W.
Montague, the W. T. Garratt Company
and many others will be represented, in
the metals. ¦ :
Committee B of the California Club,
with Mrs. Arthur W. Cornwall as chair
man, occupies the second section of the
gallery with a meritorious and interesting
collection of metals, wood and leather
carvings, pyrography, sculpture and
Bloyd. . . • . ¦ : ; '
When the public goes to see the exhibi
tion of industrial and allied arts, which
opens at the Pavilion Wednesday evening
next, the art gallery will be found present
ing a harmonious whole with a detail so
rich and varied that one will linger long
to study and admire.
The police are firmly convinced that
Chin See, the Chinaman who was found
dead at 1024 Stockton street Saturday
night, did not commit suicide, but \ was
foully murdered. Two highbinders who
were seen leaving the place shortly after
the body was discovered are suspected; of
having committed the crime, and Detect
ive Edward Gibson, who Is working on the
case, expects to arrest them to-day.
The dead man was known as one of the
most peaceable residents of the Chinese
quarter. A short time ago he signed -a
contract to work at a cannery in , Alaska
and was given the usual' advance money.
It being suspected that he Intended to vio
late the contract and not go to Alaska,
two notorious highbinders were sent to
round him up. They met him on Dupont
stree* Saturday afternoon and asked him
for the advance money.
See refused to give up. the coin, where
upon one of the highbinders struck him
with some blunt instrument, knocking
him down. After he regained, his feet
they told him that unless he returned the
amount he would be killed.
' . See hunted up a policeman and told him
of the threat, and was advised to go to his
home and pay no attention to the men. .
From the investigation made by the po
lice it appears that the unfortunate China
man could not have been in his room
more than a short time when his assail
ants entered and, failing to force him to
give up the amount advanced by the can
nery people, strangled him to death.
The rosition of the body when it was
discovered shows conclusively, according
to," the police and the Morgue deputies,
that the Chinaman did not commit sui
cide. The rope which was around his neck
did not touch the flesh, it presumably hav
ing been loosened after the stranglers
had completed their work.
Display by Industrial and
Allied Arts Opens on
Wednesday.
SPLENDID EXHIBIT
FOR ART GALLERY
Say Chin See Did Not Kill
Himself but That He
Was Strangled.
POLICE BELIEVE
HE WAS MURDERED
marriage of Miss Ethelwynne
I Thompson of Eugene, Or., to ¦ El-
I more Lefflngwell will take place at
JJL 10 o'clock on Thursday morning at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred
Clarke, 1713 Broderick street. The Rev.
F. W. Clampett. rector of Trinity Church,
will perform the ceremony.
Only the intimate relatives of the con
tracting parties and a few intimate friends
will attend the happy event. Miss Ruth
Clarke, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred
Clarke, will be the bridesmaid, and Judge
Alfred J. Fritz will be sponsor for the
groom. Immediately after the ceremony,
which Is to take place in the main draw
ingrroom of the Clarke home, a wedding
breakfast will be served. Besides several
Intimate girl friends of the bride there
will be present a number of newspaper
writers, who have long been associated
with the groom, and a chosen few from
the San Francisco Press Club, of which
Mr. Lefflngwell is a director. The young
couple will be absent from the city but a
few days on their wedding trip.
The bride -is the eldest daughter of Mrs.
Elizabeth Thompson of Eugene, Or. The
cated and trained for hia life's work. .He
is at present the coast editor of the Ex
aminer and correspondent for two East
ern journals. Some of his literary efforts
have already been accepted by well-known
magazines.
Henri Dallemagne, the newly appointed
Consul General of France for this port,
arrived in this city with his wife on the
Coast Line yesterday morning and regis
tered at the Palace. M. Dallemagne came
from New Orleans, where for tae last year
he has occupied the post of Consul Gen
eral for the French Government. He re
tired to his apartments immediately upon
his arrival and denied himself to all call
ers. He will assume the duties of his of
fice to-morrow morning and contemplates
no changes in his official staff..
1.1/ Dallemagne began his diplomatic
career as head secretary of the Minister
cf Foreign Affairs in 18g8. He was after
ward successively Consul at Ahlon. Bel
gium and at Bosna Serai, and upon his ap
pointment as Consul General was assigned
to New Orleans. During his .tenure of
office in the Crescent City he had in hand
some important diplomatic matters, that
city having a large French population.
His assignment to San Francisco was
made in February of this year. Among
the distinctions which he bears is that of
a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor.
•The Consulate in this city has been filled
by Baron Houssin de Saint Laurent, the
Consul at Vancouver, ever since the de
parture for Liverpool of M. Alphonse de
Trobriand, who succeeded M. de Lalande
in November. 1898. Baron Laurent has had
a varied experience in French consular af
fairs. He was an attache of legations at
London and Athens, secretary in the con
sulates at i Chicago, San Francisco and
New York, and vice consul at Quebec. Af
ter belns made Consul he served at San
Sebastian. Spain; Philadelphia and Van
couver. When M. Dallemagne assumes his
new post the Baron will return to Van
couver. .
Comes From N«w Orleans, Where for
a Year He Had in Hand Im
portant Diplomatic
Affairs.
. One of the '. strangest features of this
case is the' fact that the* detectives of
Scotland -Yard . have known that Adam
Worth stole the picture from William Ag
new & ¦ Sons. They knew . it, but they
could not prove it. * Thus there ¦will be no
surprise to them .when they learn that he
has at last disposed of = the canvas. .
• : . v hen shrewd lawyers obtained the re
lease ; of the • man . in trouble in ; France
Worth . retained possession of the paint
ing, expecting, that he would.be able, to
return it to its owner, receiving In return
a big reward- His expectations have been
realized after twenty-five years. Worth
returned -to England' and, having fallen
heir. -to . a few hundred . pounds, ¦ settled
down, determined to live an honest life.
Worth was always a man of quick wit,
and devised the scheme of obtaining pos
session of the famous Gainsborough,
which was then. on exhibition, In the hope
that William Agnew would go bail for one
of the band arrested in Paris, If by so do
ing he could get his picture back. Susko
vitch,-Joseph Reilly, Becker and one or
two others had part in the theft/ Spies
were stationed * about the ¦ building occu
pied by William Agnew & Sons, and then
Suskovitch, who was a big, powerful man.
hoisted Worth upon his shoulders and
helped him through the window, that had
been left unfastened by a careless clerk.
Worth was smaii quick and wiry. - He
was In ¦ the • room less- than five . minutes,
but that was long enough to enable him
to cut the Gainsborough masterpiece from
its frame. . •
After having had the famous painting
under his control for . twenty-five years,
lacking two ' months, Adam Worth, on
March 26 of this ¦: year returned it to C.
MonandAgnew. The .transfer was made
in the Auditorium Hotel in Chicago, the
details, having been arranged by the two
principals, who dealt through Detective
Pinkerton and Patrick Sheedy, a gambler.
NEW YORK, April 7.— The police say
the man who took the Gainsborough pic
ture is Adam .Worth. Time, however, has
outlawed the crime, and though Worth is
well known to the Scotland Yard author
ities and to the police of this country he
has no fear of prosecution. .' '
From Its Frame Safe From
Prosecution.
Thief Who Cut the 'Costly Canvas
ADAM WOBTH IS THE MAN
WHO STOLE THE PICTURE
¦Later, while on a trip to Europe, Lees
stopped over in Cincinnati to give testi
mony against the same gang of forgers,
which resulted in their conviction. He has
followed their movements ever since, and
unhesitatingly declares that the reason
for the stealing of the picture was soon
made known to every detective in the
country, and that while its location might
have- been known -years ago there were
reasons why it was not secured. The
mystery regarding Its location and the de
lay of the owners in reclaiming it are
shrouded In as much mystery as the iden
tity of the man for whose release it was
stolen.
¦Former Superintendent C. E. Vannetta
of the local Pinkerton agency, who was
in the field while the early search for the
picture was being conducted and who is
conversant with Becker's - history, says
that he doubts if the latter had anything
to do with the theft of the picture. To
the best of his recollection he says that
Becker was in prison at that time. He
also took a hand in the search for the
picture.
Confinement Is wearing on Becker and
he is anxious to turn his talents into a
larger field than is afforded in the re
stricted confines of San Quentin. He lias
yet some years to serve, but has seriously
been considering the advisability of ap
plying for a parole. , To some one he has
confided this intention, and to a betrayal
of this confidence he lays the foundation
of the story that he was interested in the
theft of the picture. He has served about
one-half of his term of seven years, and
as • the Bankers' Association, for i whose
benefit } the Pinkertons . prosecuted him,
keeps an eye on his movements it is not
considered probable that the Prison Di
rectors would grant him a parole. •
Of the gang of forgers who were con
cerned in the theft of the picture but few
are left. Ivan or John Siskovitch, better
known as John Grande through his moth
er's matrimonial vagaries,' was arrested
and convicted through the instrumentality
of Lees. His mother was first married to
Siskovitch, by whom she had four chil
dren, all of whom turned out badly. ,Later
she married Grande, moved, to San Jose
and then resumed marital relations with
Siskovitch. She and -one or two of her
sons are living in the southern part of the
State.
One of the Siskovitch brothers was con
cerned with the Brotherton brothers In
the forgery on Hickox & Spear, in which
some $14,000 was obtained, and. also in the
Wood & Cheeseman forgery in the Bank
of California, where a lesser amount was
secured. In unearthing these forgeries
former Chief of Police Lees played an im
portant part.
Becker 3>esires a Parole.
CHICAGO, April 7, 190L— Becker does not
know all the circumstances or would not say
the original picture had not been recovered.
The identification made in this city was per
fect. There is no possible doubt ot a mistake.
During the years Becker has been In confine
ment he has had no chance to have any
knowledge of this picture and he never did
know its whereabouts. He never had any in
terest in it further than the theft being com
mitted for the purpose of furnishing bonds for
one of Becker's gang then In custody. He
was not actively connected in the theft of the
picture. The original Picture has been re
stored to its owners. W. A. PINKERTON.
That the original picture has been re
stored there is not the . slightest doubt,
and some one has reaped a rich reward
after many years of patient search. A
special dispatch to The Call sets all doubts
at rest. It reads as follows:
Pinkertons Substantiate Story.
Former Chief of Police Lees and Cap
tain of Detectives Seymour, who were in
terested in the apprehension and convic
tion of the Becker-Creegan-Deane band
of forgers, know much about the history
of the case. Lees was instrumental in
bringing the "forgers to justice, and rem
nants of the same b£i.nd of men who ter
rorized the banking institutions of Eu
rope, committed murder, forgery and les
ser crimes,- finally paid the penalties of
the law in this State. The last of them
is Carl Becker, known as the prince of for
gers. Another is Ivan or John Suskovitch.
alias " Grande, who died while serving a
sentence of twelve years in the same
prison in which Becker is now confined.
As to the participation of Becker in the
crime of stealing the portrait, those most
ly concerned In his apprehension are
doubtful. It is probable that he was in
jail in Constantinople irnen the other
members of the ban.i of forgers murdered
Mrs. Chapman wife of one of their num
ber, in London." Efforts to trace his move
ments at that time liave so far been
futile, although all the energies of the
Pinkerton agencies were concentrated In
the effort. -
A peculiar local interest attaches to the
recovery of the celebrated Gainsborough
portrait of the Duchess of Devonshire,
concerned in the stealing of which was
Carl Becker, now serving a term in San
Quentin prison for participating a few
years ago in a- forgery, of which the Ne
vada Bank was the victim. It was to re
lieve the pressing necessities of the gang,
of .which he was a leader, that the pic
ture, now restored or in process of tran
sit to its owners, was tstolen.
Part of Gang Intimately Associated
With Stealing of It; Served
Terms in San* Quen^in
Prison. .
Gainsborough Portrait Has
an Interest for Local
Detectives.
FORGER BECKER
NOT CONCERNED
Dr. Walter B. Coffey. chief surgeon of
the Southern Pacific Hospital, corner of
Fourteenth and Mission streets, had an
exciting adventure with footpads while ou
his way home. Saturday night.
He left the hospital at 12:30 o'clock ani
proceeded up Mission street toward Six
teenth, where he was going to attend a
case before going to his home at 11S2
Valencia. As he neared the corner of
Fifteenth two men started diagonally
across the street in his direction. They
approached him silently from behind be
fore he turned and saw one of them with
his hand in the air apparently about to
6trtke him. The man grasped something,
but whether it was a sandbag or a re
volver or some other weapon, Dr. Coffey
did not see.
The doctor was carrying a light cane
and when he saw the two men he turn-; 1
just as one warned the other off. The
man who had attempted to strike came
on, however, and Dr. Coffey kept him off
only by swinging his cane in front of
him.
Matters were at this critical point when
three or four young men were heard com
ing down Fifteenth street. The doctor's
assailants took to their heels and, run
ning up Fifteenth street, turned up e lite'e
thoroughfare called Julian street.
Dr. Coffey sought a special officer anJ
told him of the attempted assault and
then Informed the Seventeenth-street po
lice station. Several policemen ¦were sent
out after the two footpads and six or
eight men who could not clearly explain
their presence on the streets at that i;our
were locked up on charges of drunken
ness or vagrancy. They were held unt'l
I>r. Coffex could pet a look at them, but
he failed to Identify any of them as the
nien who had waylaid, him. He says it
was Quite dark where he met the two
men and anyway it all happened so
quickly that he had no time to do any
more than note that th§y were roughly
dressed.
The doctor had $30 with him, besides
a watch and a diamond pin and some
small jewelry.
Dr. 6. E. Whltcomb. a dentist, reported
to the police yesterday that his offices, on
the corner of Third and Howard streets,
had been ransacked Saturday night and
some of his valuable instruments stolen.
Waylaid on Mission Street, He Fights
Until Bobbers Bun— Dr. Whit
comb Receives a Midnight
Visit
Dr. Walter B. Coffey Has a
Lively Experience With
Footpads.
SWINGS HIS CANE
TO SAVE HIS COIN
Henri Dallemagne Arrives
to Assume Duties at
CONSUL GENERAL
FOR FRANCE HERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 8, • 1901.
Well-Known Local Journalist and a Belle of
Eugene, Oregon; Are to Be Married.
POST-LENTEN WEDDING
WILL MAKE THEM ONE
family is one of the best known and most
highly respected in the State. She was
educated at Miss "West's School for Girls,
on Van Ness avenue, in this city, and has
long been one • of the members of San
Francisco's best circles.
. The groom is a young 1 newspaper man,
well known here, who came to this coast
from Milwaukee, Wis., .where he was edu-
YOUNG COUPLE WHO ARE TO
BE MARHIED ON FRIDAY
. NEXT. '
10
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ' . _.___
On MONDAY, April 8th, we will open
.up and place on sale a most elegant
assortment of the following New
5 Cases NEW JAPANESE WASH SILKS, extra fins
aualitu, In all the leading shades, such as Rose,
Green, Lavender,- Gohelln, National, Jasper, Car-
dinal, Clel and White,
; 7 Cases NEW FRENCH CHALYS, Yeru latest patterns,
In new Persian Effects, Foulard Designs, Polka
Dots, Floral Effects, Fancn Stripes and Plain Colors.
These Chains come In all wool and sllK and wool, and
are from the hest manufacturer In Europe. :
2 Cases (125 pieces) NEW PRINTED FOULARD SILKS,
all 24 inches wide and fine twill satin finish. The
colorings are Reseda, Old Rose, Argent, Gohelln,
National, Cardinal, Electric, Etc., Etc., and the
designs are exclusive and confined to us.
15 Cases fine WASH fabrics, in silk Ginghams, Mer-
cerized Foulards, Printed Dimities, English Gala-
teas, Emhroldered Swiss, Japanese Crepes, Silk and
Linen Ginghams, and Woven Lace Tissues.
NOTE...
AH the above goods will be on display
in our large show' windows this week.
9 -
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
IISSiJROCERS
THREE-DAY SALE.
PHOXE MISSION I.
PI fill R S p f. rrv ' s Golden Gate or Ofln
ILUUn, Drifted Snow, per sack.... OJC
Made from California "Wheat,
BUTTER, fanciest creamery, q r .30c
Resular size. "We cell the very best.
EGG^, no better.laid, psr doz I7Lc
Direct from Highland Poultry Farm.
SAFDINE', g^is:
Mahrsell brand. Regularly 12}jc
SOUP, Mb tins. g°c" a d n e 8 n8ed .'....... 25c
A Snap. Assorted 90c dozen.
en AD Te-uie French on
CUMI, Castile, per bar ZUG
How can It be done? Regularly 30c
CHEESE, full Gal. cream, per lb 12 jc
The nicest made. Very mild- Reg. 20c.
PEAS. French, good size, can....l5c
Dandlcolle & G&udin brand. B.eg. 25c.
0LIV2S, selected in size, per bot 8c
Quality euaranteed. Regularly 10c.
CATSUP, Home-meds, perbot....8c
Made from ripe tomatoes. Regularly 15c
We sack and chip goods free everywhere.
T. H. C02C0BAN & CO.,
1201 Valencia Street,
Southeast Corner Twenty-Third.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Prujtglsts, 60c flask. Richards & Co.,, 406 Clay.*
Rauer"s Law and Collection Co.,' re-
moved to S13 Bush st. *.
QOLDBEBa. BOWIW * CO'S gPECIaJC BAVCTa 8ALB
GOLDBERG
BQWEN^
V & GO
PI a s m o n
Jib 35c ilb6oc ilb$i
. The new soluble— digestible food
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Hams
Old Dominion — reg'ly isJc lb— T - t _
Eastern sugar cured — , . Oz
the price of hams is advancing
Coffee
Finest Kona— pure— _1 *%r\r*
reg'ly 23c lb 2OC
Pick 1 e s
Pin Money— sweet— pints
gherkins— mixed — ~
reg'ly 40c and 70c quarts OOC
Goc o a
Van Houten-rreg'ly 95c lb — R oc
best Holland cocoa made uuv<
Ginger
Tropical — crystallized — . -.
reg'ly 15c J lb can * uv *
L e in o ns-
Thin skin—juicy- — ICC
reg'ly 25c dozen . . J
Lemon squeezer
Glass — separates the •» oc
seeds— quick— simple * vv r
Goo se-liv e r
French paste for sandwiches — or%C
reg'ly 25c can— Teyssonneau * w **
Fruits
Alcalde-rreg'ly 20c can ' f or ror
-all kinds in rich syrup 3 Ior 5 OC
W h i s k y
McBrayer— 13 years old— $1 IC
Cedar Brook— r D
reg'ly $1 50 bottle 1 — $6 gallon 4 50
Burgundy
Mountain Vineyard— rich ¦ z _
heavy body — reg'ly $1 gallon ° 5 C
P e 3. s ¦
Extra sifted — 1 lb can o x r»
Wisconsin — *lb,can — reg'ly 15c * -^a c
Walnuts
Grenoble^ — fine flavor — 11 -,'iv,
reg'ly 20c lb 3 lbs 50C
C h e e s e
-Eastern — full cream — _ ¦' i^-
reg'ly 22k lb I 7 2 C
F i g s
! Smyrna— reg'ly 25c lb— . o
Royal Locoum
To w el bar
j Brass— nickel plated— f\r\r\
[ 3 arms— reg'ly 75c c ;
eoLSBXXts. Bovxir * ccra spici al satino sale
Hair brush-
Solid back — Loonen — France— A/-\«
reg'ly 8oc oo °.
Tooth powder
Wright— ork 2
reg'ly ascb&tto-. . 2OC :
S k in 1 ot ionj
Rose and cucumber jelly — V.; ?/- - -»
reg'ly 20c bottle x JV
433 Pine 2)2 Setter «Soo California San Frimtw
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
AUCTION!
WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, .
FRIDAY,
SATURDAY,
April 10th. Uth, 12th, 13 th,
At 11 o'clock a. zn. and 2 o'clock p. m.
149 STOCKTON ST.,
CORNER OF GEART. S. F.
MR, ffl. B, MIflRAN'S
Rare Collection
PERSIAN RUGS,
TURKISH GOODS.
Antique_Funiitare
Owing to the departure of Mr. M. B. Mihran
for a Ion* absence to the Orient, be has
placed In oar hands his entire collection ot
Persian. Slme. Boukhara, Cashmere and Silk
Rugs, considered to be the finest collection In
this country. We undertake the sale under
special Instructions to dispose of the entire
collection ABSOLUTELY without reserve.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers.
Broken
Eyeglass
Lenses replaced for SO cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for Sl.OO
and $1.50. , . »*•"«
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists' prescriptions fllled Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 10.
OPTICIANS^^^J"'"*""*
o4Z Market ot. instruments
af»oE» cMHOHKLt BUU.DIN&. Cataicgue Free.
JL SpeciallstcureiBlood Poison, Go'norrhcea,Gleet.
• Seminal Weafcnew, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. free.
S7VP.T ea i£ ex 5 e I; en< ; e - Ternl * reasonable. Hours.
9to3dally ;8:30to3.30ev ! S3. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Can or address
. F. KOSCOE MeXUIiTY. 31. D.
36K Eearny St., San Francisco, Csl*