VOLUME XCI.— NO 16.
INVENTOR MARCONI DESCRIBES FOR THE CALL HIS SUCCESSFUL EXPERIMENTS
IN SIGNALING ACROSS THE ATLANTIC BY MEANS OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
IMPRISONED
VICTIMS DIE
IN FLAMES
Fire Destroys Wrecked
Trains on Illinois
Central.
Eight Persons Perish and
Eleven Are Seriously
iDJured.
Hen Pinned Down Beneath the Debris
Are Incinerated Before They
Can Be Beached by
Bescuers.*
ROCEFORD. 111.. Dec. IS."— Failure on
the part of a conductor to obey orders Is
supposed to have been the cause ot a
head-end collision on the Illinois Central
Railroad, between Irene and Perryville,
early to-day. The two trains were east
bound passenger train No. 4 and a freight
train from Chicago going westward. Eight
people are dead or missing and eleven in
jured. The known dead are:
RICHARD ORMSBY. Chicago, engineer
of passenger train.
JAMES REARDOX. Freeport, fireman
of the passenger train.
ROBERT THOMPSON'. DubuQue, Amer
ican Express messenger.
J. W. FUNK, Chicago, brakeman of
passenger train.
DAVID BEHAX, Freeport. engineer of
freight.
EDTVARD CARET, Freeport, freight
fireman.
Missing and supposed to be dead: News
boy on passenger train, name unknown;
section foreman from Irene, name un
known.
The seriously Injured, so far as names
could be ascertained, are: H. G. Well
man, Chicago, right arm crashed at el
bow, taken to Rockford City Hospital,
condition critical; D. R. Abrredent, Chi
cago, cut and bruised; J. H. Qulnlan, pas
eenger conductor, cut and bruised,
crushed about the chest, taken to Rock
ford City Hospital, condition critical; W.
B. Keefe, Sioux City, Iowa, bead cut se
verely; Frank Stadleman, New Athens,
EL. cut about head and arms; Thomas
Hendrtcks, Xew Athens, cut and bruised
and hair ecorched off.
Crash Together at Full Speed.
The trains met In a slight bend fn the
track, both running at full speed. The
smoker, express and baggage cars were
piled on the locomotives, pinning down the
occupants. Only three of the half-dozen
persons in the baggage car escaped. The
others were penned in, and If not roasted
to death were" Instantly killed and their
bodies entirely consumed. All efforts of
the survivors to rescue the victims were
•unavailing. The flames drove them back
at every point
The temperature was 20 degrees below
zero and an Icy wind was blowing across
the prairie, the point where the wreck oc
fetirred, a shallow cut, affording no protec
tion. The Injured were without hats and
suffered terribly. By the united efforts of
the survivors the way ■ car was • pushed
back from the wreckage to escape the
flames and the injured were placed on the
bunks inside.
Two hours elapsed before any relief was
at hand. Then an engine arrived from the
east and pulled the way car to Irene,
three miles distant. A relief train from
Rockford arrired at the scene of the
wreck at 10:50 a. m. In the meantime the
Injured had been brought back from Irene
In the way car and wore transferred to
the relief train and brought to Rockford.
All are doins well except H. G. Wellman
of Chicago, who is In a critical condition.
Wrecking trains have been at work to
day and will have the tracks clear to
night. /Six bodies were recovered from the
debris but were charred beyond recogni
tion.
Willfully Disobey Orders.
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— J. W. Higgins,
general superintendent of the Illinois
places the blame for the wreck
at Perryville. Ill-, on the conductor and
engineer of the freight train. They are
Continued on Page Two.
The San Francisco Call.
Works in Secret Un
til Triumph Is
Achieved.
ST. JOHN, N. F.,,Dec. 15.-I
saw Marconi to-day and in
formed him that the report
that wireless signals had been
received here direct from Eng-
. land had created a tremendous
sensation in New York and that cable"
experts and electricians were incredu
lous and thought the signals were sim
ply a result of atmospheric conditions.
In reply 'he said:
"I have no doubt that there will be a
good deal of criticism. Many will j find
the news difficult to believe. If I were
a novice at wireless telegraphy I might
possibly be misled by such things as
atmospheric disturbances.
"It is now five years since my discov-
SIGNALS ARE FLASHED ACROSS THE OCEAN
AT INTERVALS ON TWO SUGCESSI VE DA YS
WHEN zve left England, I arranged zvith operators at The Lizard, in Cornwall, tto send a signal consisting of thclcttcr "S" at a certain hour each day on receipt of a ca
ble from me that I was ready to receive the same. I cabled them on Wednesday that I zvas prepared and I received the signal e( S" seven times on Thursday, one signal
being very distinct, shozuing no doubt zuhatevcr as to the result. The signal was received twice on Friday. A then cabled again and on Saturday received a cablegram fromCorn
.wall, absolutely confirming wliat had taken place. The weather was unfavorable yesterday for further, tests or I believe zve would have, had the signals repeated.
I can quite understand that it is difficult to believe 'that, England [has communication direct zvith Nezvf ounaHand. and can well imagine the excitement it creates in cable
j circles. All I can say is that the nezvs is. true and events .will provi I my zvords.— From a statement inade by Sizno'r Marconi for The Call. ] ■ ". /
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1901.
*, ■■..■.;.■■- • -..- '■■•;,'..•'• ■■■■■ ■-:) ,'■ ■■ ■ ' : • ■•. ■ - ' : ■■■'■ ■• 4
INVENTOR OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY •AND-; VIEW OF A STATION.
cry was made that messages could be
carried "by electric currents, without
wires. I. am confident that Thursday's
tests were in no way affected , by . at
mospheric disturbances. You will re
member that in my first interview I said
that there were some matters in connec
tion with my visit t/S Newfoundland
which it was not desirable to make pub-
lie at present; , but I did not wish that
remark : reported at ..the time. These
long-distance tests are! what I "referred
to.'^I purposely refrained from making
any mention of the fact that I hoped to
receive a-signal right across the Atlan
tic, as I preferred to wait to' see if a
successful result. could first be obtained.
Particulars' about the large and impor-
tant stations in'Cornwall;and Cape Cod
have been kept secret for this same rea
son. ~ t
RECORDS DAILY SUCCESS.
"I may say that if I were working 0Y1
my own account alone these results
would .still be kept- secret,, but, after
thinking the matter over yesterday, I
concluded ".that it was my duty to my
Large Stations Are
to Be Erected lj
at Once.
shareholders to announce for. their ben
efit the successfulfissue of the long-dis
tance experiments.
"When we left England I- arranged
with operators at The Lizard, in Corn
wall," to send a signal consisting of the
letter 'S' at a certain hour each day on
the receipt of a cable from me that I
was ready to receive the same. I cabled
them on Wednesday that I was pre
pared and I received the signal 'S' seven
times on Thursday; one signal being
very distinct, showing no doubt what
ever, as . to the result. The ; signal . was
received twice on Friday. I then cabled
again and on Saturday received a cable-
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VENEZUELAN
PORT WILL
BE SEIZED
Germany Sending Three
Warships to Coerce
American Cruiser "Will Foil ow
the Vineta to South •
America.
Berlin Government Resolves Upon a
Course to Enforce the Imme
diate Payment of Its
Claim.
Special Dispatch to Tho CalL
NORFOLK, Va., Dec. 15.—
Engineers of the German cruiser
Vineta, now here, say the vessel
will sail for Havana on Tuesdav
to meet three German warships.
Then they will go to seize a Ven
ezuelan port if the debt claim is
not paid. The American cruiser
Prairie will go with the Vineta
and will follow her when she sails
for Venezuela.
BERLIN, Dec. 15.— The re
port that diplomatic relations
between Germany and Vene
zuela have been broken off is
semi-officially denied.
WILL.EMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Dec.
15.— The Venezuelan General Victnte San
chez, who Is now here on his -way from
Maracaibo to Caracas, reports that 1000
Colombian Liberals, distantly supported
by 4000 Venezuelan troop3, captured the
Colombian seaport town of . Rio Hacha
(on the northwest coast of the Guijlra
peninsula) on December 10, after. Generals
Clodomlro Castillo and Clrio Ftpo, both
Venezuelans, had defeated 2000 Colombian
Conservative troops near Trelnta. (Tre
inta is about thirty 'miles soutiwest • of
Rio Hacha, in Colombian territory.).
TJribe-Uribe Directs Campaign.
General Rafael Uribe-Uribe is directing
this campaign from Maracaibo, 'where he
has obtained lukewarm Venezuelan sup
port. Upon learning of the Liberal vic
tory at Rio Hacha, General Urfbe-Uribe
immediately proceeded south to the pro
vince of Tachlra. The Colombian Con
servatives made an attempt to Intercept
Uribe-Uribe, but were foiled by means of
a deeoy armored train. .
: Uribe-Uribe's forces are now moving
along the Venezuelan-Colombian frontier.
Their objective. is said to be Bucur manga,
in Colombia, which, it has been. reported,
has been lost to the Colombian Govern
ment. The Liberals are also said', to have
taken possession of the; capital of the
Colombian district of Toiima.
Venezuela has renewed her w.ir meas
ures since. the rejection of ChLe's offer
of mediation. Her present position is
weakened by grave army frauds, impli
cating the eldest brother of President
Castro. The followers of Castro' 3 brother
are dwindling away.
Davila Accused of Murder.
The Venezuelan General Davila . has
been charged with wholesale thefts . of
cattle on the Guijlra penlnsjjla. Davila
Imprisoned the Mayor of Sinamalca, In the
Guijira. and caused the arrest of the ehief
of staff of General Vicente Sanchez. He
has been replaced in the Guijlra by Gen
eral Ollvarez. The charges against him
are brought by President Ferreia of, the
State of Zulia. Ferrera has resigned his
position in disgust. Davila has l>een for
mally accused of murder. It is said he U
to be made military commander } at Cara
cas. Maracaibo is restless and a popular
uprising is apprehended.
Heavy Earthquake at Manila.
MANILA. Dec. 15.— The, wors" earth
quake shpek since 1S68 was felt laere this
morning. One house was wrecked Ti'j
many bouses were damaged, ,2
FAMILY FEARS
DOUBLE CRIME
Mystery of the'Millbrae
Clam-Digger's Death
Deepens."
Search for the Body of the
Missing Man Is Still
' Fruitless.
Special Dispatch to The Call
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 15.— Coroner
Crowe took the body of Louie Decrouix,
the young man who was found dead in a
boat at Millbrae on Friday, to San Fran
cisco to-day. I-ast night the body •was
Identified by two brothers of the deceased.
They state that there is another brother
ttill missing and fear that he has met the
tame fate. In" speaking about the mat
ter this morning August Decrouix said:
"My two young/ brothers, Louie and
Freddie, and my sister resided with my
father and mother' at Bay View, at what
is known as Bulchertown, in San Fran
cisco. * Louie was 25 years old and Fred
die v.as IS. They had been engaged in
digging clams in the creeks about Red
wood, Eelmont, San llateo and Millbrao
for the laEt six or seven years. They
would, go out and sometimes be gone for
a week at a time, though generally it was
only for a day or two.
"A. week ago Friday they started out in
their sailboat, and with them was a man
whose name I do not know. On the next
Thursday my folks saw this man. who
had returned the previous day. As the
boys did not, come home with him they
began to worry. The man acted very
strangely. When he was asked where th«
boys \ver% he appeared confused ani
nervous. He told my father and mother
that he returned Wednesday morning am!
had left the boys in the creek. Later he
told my sister that he returned Wednes
day night and left them in another place.
"On Saturday morning I started out In
a gasoline launch with six other men to
look for the boys. This man started out
Friday night for the saine purpose. We
went up all the creeks but could not fjnti
any trace of the boys, nor did we see any
thing of this man. When we returned
yesterday afternoon the man was not
back. I saw the article in yesterday's Call
and came to Redwood last night. At the
Morgue 1 identified the body as that of my
brother. .
"My father told me that my brothers
had been having trouble with some Ital
ians. My brother could not have' been
drowned,- for he would not have been In
the boat. I b'elieve he was murdered, and
1 will pVt the matter in the hands of the
police."
It is thought here that the body of. the
missing man will be discovered in a day
or two and that developments may show
that a double crime has been committed.
Thene are bruises upon the body, of the
dead man, but they may have- been in
flicted after death. One peculiar thins
about the matter is that the mast and
sail of the boat in which the boys started
out are missing. The inquest will be- held
Wednesday. ""»*£■
IHOIED VICTIMS DIM FUMES
. Continued From Page Onf.
taid by Higglns to have disobeyed orders
to step at Irene, several miles east of
Perry ville. Higgins said of the wreck:
"The passenger train was delayed by
the cold weather and it was three hours
and forty minutes late when the freight
train going east reached Coleman, forty
miles west of Chicago. Coleman is the
passing point for the two trans. The
engineer of the freight train was in
structed that the passenger train was
late and it was his duty to sidetrack at
Irene, which he neglected to do.
"Employes aboard the trains say that
both were running at foil speed and that
the shock was terrible. It seems there
were three distinct blows, due to the re
coil. It is said they were thrown down
three times in rapifl succession. The pas
senger train and a large part of the
freight were demolished, with the two
locomotives."
Rapid Spread of Flames.
Conductor Quinlan of the passenger
train was able to-night to talk of the
wreck. He said:
"We were trying to make up lost time
when suddenly there was a crash, throw-
ing us all to the front of the car. I man
aged to clear myself from under the seat
where I was thrown, and finding two men
close by tried to release them. This I
was unable to do, and as they did not re
spond to my caJls I escaped through a
window, being scorched by the fire as I
crawled out, so quickly did the flames
spread. As I remember there were eight
men in the car, and 1 find that only two
of them got out. The rest were doubtless
burned in the wreck."
In their stories of the disaster all of
those who escaped dwelt upon the horror
of the fire and the rapidity with which
the wreckage was eaten up by the flames
Almost Instantly after the first terrific
crash an oil car close to the freight en
fine exploded, the oil adding fuel to the
flames. Persons who were attracted to
the fpot by the noise of the collision and
vhe glare of the flames were unable to
render the unfortunates any assistance
as the fire spread so rapidly that in less
than fifteen minutes the cars had been
consumed. «^=«
TRAIN FALLS INTO CREEK.
Bridge Across Swollen Stream in
Pennsylvania Gives Way.
WILLIAMSPORT, Pa,, Dec. 15.-A
freight train on the Philadelphia and Erie
division of the Pennsylvania Railroad
went through the bridge spanning Lycom
5ng Creek, between this city and New
berry, at 6 o'clock -this morning Three
lives were lost. The dead:
JOHN MARTZ, engineer.
FREDERICK GLASS, fireman. '
GEORGE HARLEY. brakeman
». Th L train was know n as. fast freight
N o.^S3 and was running three hours late
owing to»the disarrangement of the sched
ule in consequence of the storm. The
bridge across the creek was a two-span
structure, the first span of which eave
way. The engine and nine cars were eri-
Kulferl in the icy waters. The creek-was
greatly swollen as a result of the heavy
rains and it is presumed the middle pier
had been weakened. No efforts could be
made to reach the bodies on account of
the height of the water. account of
TURKISH GUARDS KH,I*
A BTJLGARIAN SOLDIER
CONSTANTINOPLE, De C . i 6 ._Three
Bulgarian soldiers crossed the Turkish
frontier at Chiltepe in the fog. They were
fired upon by the Turkish guards. One of
the Bulgarians was captured and decapi
tated. The others escaped <-<-*im
Bulgaria has demanded the restoration
of the body of the man. who was killed
and has reserved the right to demand full
satisfaction for the incident miQa IUU
CALIFORNIA k
.CHUTNEY, vfe>
SAUC E^'iS^
to i% ny dish that I i]|k>
needi a Savor / ||1a
All rrk <s act a do. i E'eBT
i5*&.25* ALL GROCERS
SEES COLLIER
NEAR FLATTERY
Steamship Captain Tells
About the Lost Mat
teawan. :^
Centennial's Master Thinks
Disaster Occurred on
the Ree£
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SEATTLE, Dec. 15.— It Is now believed
by local mariners that the steam collier
Matteawan was' lost on the Flattery
rocks. Captain C. G. Conradi in tho
steamsnlp Centennial was followed by the
collier around that cape during the b:g
storm early in the month, and he states
that this is his belief. He bases the opin
ion in part on the fact that the Umatllli
reef lightship, which is regularly sta
tioned off these rocks, had broken loose
from her moorings and was not on her
usual spot to guid.e vessels away from the
dangerous place.
The Centennial on the afternoon of De
cember 4 passed around Cape Flattery.
The Matteawan was at the time scarcely
a mile away. The night before the Cen
tennial put to sea was a wild one. So
bad was the weather that when Captain
Conradi reached Port Angeles he feichei
harbor and remained over night. The
next night he started again for the Pa
cific. /
During the afternoon of that day he
met the lightship, which had broken from
her moorings. She was coming up th<s
straits and was to all appearances putting
for shelter in the Port Angeles harbor.
Late that afternoon the Cente m a', rounj
ed Flattery. So cjose behind her that th.i
smoke from her funnel could be seen
steamed the Matteawan.
Until the Centennial was midway be
tween Cape Flattery, and Flattery rocks
the Matteawan remained the same dis
tance in her wake. At that time dark
ness had long since fallen, and the light
from the Matteawan's smoke was all that
could be seen. That vanished about 9
o'clock in the evening. Until midnight'
the storm continued.
During the early hours cf the morning
of the 5th the wfnd abated and the s&is
commenced to grow "more regular. From
these facts Captain Conradi is of the
opinion that the big collier was lost be
tween 1 9 and 12 o'clock on the night of
December 4, and that in all likelihood she
went ashore and pounded to pieces on the
TJmatilla reef or Flattery rocks, by both
of which names the reef is known.
MARCONI DESCRIBES EXPERIMENTS
Continued From First Page.
gram from ; Cornwall absolutely ' con
firming what had taken place. J The
iveather was unfavorable yesterday for
further, tests, : or I believe we would
have had the signals again repeated.
, "Having assured myself 6f the,suc
cess of my experiments, Iinformed the
Governor of the Colony, who cabled
the news to the British Government.
After notifying the Premier and mem
bers of the local Ministry I gave the in
formation to the press. I believe The
Call and New York Herald correspond
ent was the first to receive the news
outside of the officials' '"' J- ... ,
USES A SIMPLE » SIGNAL.
"I have been asked' why. a signal was
sent and not a message. Scientific men
will readily understand the reason. The
signal is much more satisfactory for ex
perimental purposes. The letter 'S'
consists simply of three dots and makes
an admirable signal. .
"Our receiving instruments are very
sensitive and had to be readjusted con
tinually. Under the circumstances,
messages would have been almost unin
telligible, as portions would necessarily
be omitted. ; '
; "It must be remembere'd also that ray
kite was flying. about in all directions.
The signal was received only when the
kite was at a great height. Mv opinion
is, however, that a station here similar
to that at The Lizard, on the Cornwall
coast, with special machinery and a
mast 200 feet high, will be quite suffi
cient to make powerful communication
across the Atlantic.
. "Another question asked is why I did
not connect with the Cape Cod station.
The answer is simple: This station is
not yet ready, and, beside, I preferred
making tests .over a longer distance.
"I don't expect to obtain any further
great results from the kite tests and
must wait till a mast is erected. I be
lieve that we would have done better
with a balloon than with a kite, but un
fortunately the wind on the hill blows
too heavy for balloon experiments.
"I am aware that the station here can
not be of. service for .commercial and
other purposes while the Anglo-Ameri
can telegraph companies monopolies
exist in this island, but their charter will
expire in a little more than two years,
and in the meanwhile it will take us
some time to arrange our plans and
make the necessary preparations.
"I intend to-morrow to visit Cape
Spear in company with the Governor
and examine that site, returning again
in the evening."
In conclusion Mr. Marconi said:
*'I can quite understand that it is diffi
cult to believe that England has com
munication ; direct with Newfoundland
and can well imagine the excitement it
creates in cable, circles. »A11 I can sav
is that the news is true and events will
prove my words."
ILOOD-PAGE CONFIRMS
NEWS FROM ST. JOHNS
Tells How the Signals Were Sent
From the Marconi Station at
: Cornwall.
LONDON, Dec. 15.— Major Flood-Page,
of the Marconi Wireless Telegraph Com
pany, confirms the report that Mr. Mar
coni, at St. Johns, N. F., had received sig
nals ' from • the experiment- station at
Stanatanold House. _
Major Page said that the severe weather
made continuous tests very difficult,
but that there was no • doubt that the
wireless signals had been successfully
transmitted across the Atlantic. . «.
Before starting for Newfoundland, Mr.
Marconi established his station at Poldhu
and arranged for the repetition at certain
times of alphabtical signals. It is un
known here to what extent his experi
ments have succeeded, but It is evident
from a cable received that Mr. Marconi
considers he has surmounted the initial
difficulty* and that wjreless .• telegraphy
thus becomes a real .and live factor of
the commercial life of the world. : . "
At the Marconi station at Poldhu- a"
great* circles of twenty poles has been set
up, each one of which is 150 feet high
and bears an arefl. wire. __Pro vision, has
-b£en made for unusually powerful cur
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1901^
ATTEMPTED ASSASSINATION MYSTERY
BAFFLES THE MARIN AUTHORITIES
Evidence Found on the Ground Near Adolph Sylva's Residence in Sausalito
Shows That the Missile Hurled Toward One of the Windows a Mid
night Was a Mechanical Contrivance Containing a Powerful Explosive
SAUSALITO, Dec. 15.— The' mystery
that enshrouds the attemptvmade
at an early hour yesterday morn-,
ing to accomplish the assassina
tion of Adolph Sylva by means of
an Infernal machine remains as impene
trable as It was at the time it first came
to the knowledge of the officers of th-s
law.
The vigorous efforts _ made by the
authorities to-day to discover a trace of
the would-be assassin or to assign a mo
tive" for his fiendish action have alike
proved fruitless. Conjecture, treads, tho
heel of conjecture, but to no satisfactory,
conclusion. The political unpopularity of
the intended 'victim and his recent contro
versy with the poolroom men furnish ma-,
lerial for surmise, and It is generally,
agreed that on these may rest, the reason
for the crime. l ■ , - • cf"-"'.T
Sylva Sorely Puzzled.
But Sylva declares that' his life had not
openly been threatened, and his fnenas
say that even granting the justice or tne
severest criticism to which he has been
subjected no sufficient cause could have
existed to blow him up in the middle or
the night by the use of dynamite. - -.
An examination of the grounds near. the
Sylva house revealed the fact that the in
strument designed for the destruction of
the occupants had in it some mechanical
contrivance. ' Scattered about • the yard,
and under the tree, which stayed the
force of the projectile, was found a great
number of fragments, evidently parts of a
small machine. Among them were por
tions of screws, bits of wire, vestiges of
steel springs and a section of metal p*ate.
The officers also discovered hundreds or
small pieces of a gunny sack, which had
undoubtedly contained the deadly missile.
The sack had been rent into shreds by
the explosion, and nearly all of the frag
ments ar£ partially burned. The purpose
of the assassin In enveloping his destruc
tive device in a sack is not clearly under
stood.
Evidence of Footprints.
From footprints found in a vacant lot
evidence was gathered that the miscreant
stood about thirty-five feet away from the
house when he hurled the explosive.- The
night was very dark, and it is presumed
that he could not see the tree which, in
terrupted the line between his position
and the window of Sylva's room. In any
event, it was the tree that probably saved,
the life oX Sylva. The terrific explosion
converted it into a Heap of matchwood.
A few of the windows were broken, but
the. residence suffered no serious damage.
Sylva has employed detectives to work
pn- the case, and declares that, he will
spare no effort to fathom the mystery
and have the culprit sent to the peniten
tiary. Meanwhile the greatest precau
tions are being taken against a repeti
tion of the crime. The people of the town
are greatly agitated over the sensational
affair and are extremely anxious that the
person or persons concerned in the at
tempt af assasination should speedily be
arrested and visited with the severest
penalty the law provides.
DYNAMITE WRECKS SALOON.
Northern Incendiaries Resort to Des
"perate Measures to Destroy Resort.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 15.— An attempt
to blow up Maple Brothers' saloon in
rents from these poles and at prearranged
times arid intervals signals have been sent
from them. "•
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— Discussing to
night Signor Marconi's , announcement
that he has established wireless communi
cation between St. Johns, Newfoundland,
and Cornwall, England, Rear Admiral
Bradford of the naval bureau of equip
ment said:
"I feel skeptical about Signor Marconi's
claim. The slight results he did obtain
minght have come from atmospheric dis
turbances. /There are such things as elec
trical storms, and they often affect tele
graph wires. Wireless telegraph instru
ments are so sensitive that they are very
easily affected. A thunder storm in Maine
is not felt ' in Washington and the feeble
efforts of man are not comparable with
the tremendous force exerted by nature.
Signor Marconi claims to have received a
signal over 1700. miles — a distance three
times as great as that from here to
Maine." . . ... - ,
COMMITNICATION WITH
MARS NOT IMPROBABLE
Astronomer Serviss Says Marconi
Has Opened the Way to Vast
. Possibilities.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— The Journal pub
lishes the following: Garrett P. Serviss,
astronomer, says it may occur to many
to ask: "How, now,~about interplanetary
communication? ' Does Mr. Marconi's new
achievement . render it any more likely
that we shall some time be able to send
messages to Mars?" •>*.
The reply is that if Mr. Marconi's elec
tric undulations can be sent to any dis
tance, independent of the presence of the
earth and atmosphere, then his recent
achievement has a most important bear
ing upon the question of communicating
with foreign worlds. Of course, the 17U0
or 1800 miles over which he has been able
to transmit signals is insignificant In com
parison with the 30,000,000 or 40,000,000 miles
that" separate us, under the best of circum
stances, from Mars or Venus, but yet he
has gained so enormous a step at a single
effort that it seems hard to set a limit be
yond which these strange impulses cannot
reach.
RUSSIA SEEMS DISPOSED ;
TO IGNORE' OTHER POWERS
Japan Taking Firm Stand' to Prevent
Aggressions of the Czar. in
Manchuria.
PEKING, Dec. ' 16. — The Manchurian
question has reached a stage which best
informed observers consider lo be a crisis
in China's history. The Chinese Govern
ment is beset between Russia on the one
hand, and Great Britain, the United
States and Japan on 'the other. The gov
ernment is helpless and will yield to that
faction able to bring the strongest press
ure to bear. *. " °
Prince Chlng is distinctly more frieudly
to Great* Britain than was Li Hung
Chang. The British, American and Jap
anese representatives here have separate
ly visited ■ Prince Ching and insisted -that
they be shown any treaty before it is
signed. Prince Ching has submitted • to
them the draft of a treaty ' practically
identical to the treaty already published.
Prince Ching is now pressing Russia for
more definite terms, the present form of
the treaty ■ being so vague in its impor
tant points as virtually to , leave ' Russia
a. free hand. The Japanese Minister has
taken a strong stand in the. matter, and
has notified Prince Ching that Japan will
require concessions equivalent to all -the
advantages conceded to Russia in Man
churia. .•■.'-. ■ •■ , • • ;
The belief -is general that Russia; in
tends to ignore what she regards as mere
formal objections on the part of t other
powers. Japan" would go to the length of
war to stop the Russian occupation of
Manchuria if she were assured of sup
port, but she will not risk a repetition
of the rebuff administered after: the
China-Japanese war.
Goluchowski May Resign.
VIENNA, Dec* 15.— A rumor is. current
here that Count Goluchowski, the Aus
tro-Hungarian Minister ■. of ' Foreign Af
fairs, is about to resign owing to the re
fusal of Emperor Francis Joseph to sanc
tion his arbitrary proposal to satisfy Ger
man complaints arising from the -anti-
German demonstrations, in' Gali«la. ,.
Mail a copy of the great Christmas
Call to your friends in the East and
foreign lands. ; i~ - -
ADOLPH SYLVA, THE SAUSALITO POLITICIAN, WHOSE LIFE AN AS
SASSIN ATTEMPTED TO TAKE BY HURLING AT THE HOUSE A
MECHANICAL CONTRIVANCE CONTAINING AN EXPLOSIVE.
Van . Asselt; "was made early yesterday
morning. An'exploslon of dynamite de
stroyed the rear wall of the building to
gether, with a small outhouse that stood
in the back yard. The proprietors of the
place are at a loss to explain the act and
do not know who committed the outrage.
The saloon was closed at 1 o'clock. Two
hours later a loud report was heard and
flames were seen shooting up from the
rear of the building. A number of Italian
laborers who were passing formed a
bucket brigade, getting water from the
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is Your Stomach Weak, Inactive and Unable to Properly Digest Food? Dees it Subject
You to Inconvenience and Distress by Day and D isturb Your Best by fl igiit ?
Does Indigestion Acquaint You with the Horrors of Insomnia
, or the Dreadful Caprices of Nightmare? ,
• K so, you can be relieved and cured. Dys- • Ins. affidavit:, •, "Gentjemen — Stuart's Dyspep- appetite. I was troubled, with gas In stomach
pepsla.bas no terrors for those* who areTa- sla,'Tab!ets were recommended to me for my causing pressure on the heart, with palplta'
miliar with the virtues of Stuart's Dyspepsia two, months old baby, which , was sick and tlon and short breath. : Nearly 'everything I
Tablets, They can bid defiance to Indigestion, puny and the doctors said was suffering from ate 'soured on my stomach; sometimes I had
A "Square Meal" can be made to give rise to lndigesUon. I took the child to. the hospital, cramps In the stomach .which almost resembled
a Kensatlon of satisfaction and comfort, and but ,the#e found no relief. A friend mentioned spasms. Doctors" totd me that I had catarrh
sleep rendered sweet and restful after a hearty the Stuart's Tablets afod I procured a box from of the' stomach, but their medicines would not
repast.. ' , " my druggist and used only the large . sweet reach it,' and I would still be a sufferer had I
' Mr. Thomas Seale, Mayfield, - Cala.,' says': lozenges In the box and was delighted to find not. in sheer desneration, decided to try
"Have used and recommended Stuart's Dys- they were Just the. thing for my. baby. I -feel Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I knew thev were
pepsia Tablets "because, there, is, nothing like Justified in saying that Stuart's Dyspepsia an advertised remedy arid I didn't believe anv
them to keep the stomach right." '■ Tablets saved my child's life. MRS: W. T. thing I read about them, as I had no P ™«"
-Mils Leila Dlvely, :4C2T JPlummer. st... Pitts- ? ETHL °£ I E \ < U' S " bs ? r i b t d f,"^ c S 0 WOr^r^ dence in advertised remedies, but my sister
burg, writes: "I wish every one to know how ' or A e ™ e *»■ 12U L d^ °, f Apr "-, 1S97 \ HENRY llv ing in Pittsburg wrote me last spring telllna
grateful I am for Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.' KABIS. Notary Public In and for.Erle County, me how Stuart's Tablets had cured her and her
I suffered 'for a Ion* time and did not know N - *• : ,• little daughter of indigestion and loss of flesh
what ailed me, .-. I lost flesh, right along until ,Rev..J. 'R. Hoag ; of - Wvmore, Nebraska, and aDDetlte. and I hesitated no longer. 1
one day Inotlced an advertisement: of. these : writes: .. "For six years I/Bave been troubled bought a fifty-cent box at my drug ' store and
tablets and immediately bought a 50-cerit box with dyspepsia. Last fall I became, very much took two of the large tablets after each meal
at the drujr store.' I am only on the second alarmed • at some (symptoms: of heart trouble and found them delightful to take, being as
box and am gaining in flesh and color.Wl have and came to believe there was a sympathetic pleasant to the taste as caramel candy. When-
at last found something that has reached my relation between the two diseases, or rather, ever during the day or night I felt any pain
aliment.".. > - . . that the stomach trouble was the cause of tha or uneasiness in the stomach or about the
.From Mrs) Del. Eldred, Sun Prairie, Wls.: heart disturbance. VI- hit upon Stuart's Dys- hearr I took one of the ixnaH . tablets and in
J'l was taken dizzy very suddenly during the pepsia Tablets for \. remedy and Invested a three weeks It seemed ta me as If I had never
tot weather of the : past ■summer. -After ten dollar and a half for>ree boxes, which lasted known what stomach trouble was.. I keep
days of constant diizinees I went to our locat me three . months, ' and I can eat any kind of Stuart s Dyspepsia Tablets In the house and
physician, who said my liver was tonrtd'and I food I -want, and have -a- good, -vigorous appe^ every member of .our-famlly- uses them • occa-
had overheated my blood: he doctored me 'for *>te.- Although I am seventy-seven years old, I sionally Rafter a hearty meal or when any of
two ' weeks without ' much improvement: 'I now, feel perfectly well, and without being re-, us have:, a pain or ache In the digestive or-
flnaliy thought' of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Quested by. any. one I make this statement as gans." ,.
(which I had used long before for various bad a comDliment to the of Stuart's Dys- „ ■ „ _ . w»m^««"-c
feelings) and the first three tablets helped me. pepsia Tablets." - , do^tore^ "ve ye^s fof : ♦ "*
They are easily : the best all-around family Mrs. Lydia Bartram of Assyria. ■ Mich.; SES5 I sot m"e D^enfS Mart's" l£!
medicine I, ever used." . " writes: "I have suffered from stomach trouble p^a Ta blets than in five years of th * >
'Mrs.. G. H.'Crotsley f 538 Washington St., for ten years and five different doctors gave tor's treatment" '.. . 4oc<
Hoboken, New Jersey, writes: "Stuart's Dys- me only temporary relief. A' Mr. E." R. Page
pepsia Tablets Just fill the bill for children as adviEed me to try Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, Stuart's Dyspepsia , Tablets contain no onl-
well as for older ■ folks. , I've had' the best of and four , boxes did me more permanent benefit ates, cocaine or any narcotic, cathartic or
luck with them. -My three-year-old girl takes than all the doctors' medicines that I have other injurious drugs, simply -the natural pep-
them as readily as candy.r I have only to say ever taken. '- \. tones and digestives which every weak stom-
'tablets'; and she drops everything else and Mrs. Ira Knowltoii of Butte, Montana, is a' achlacks - ■
runs for them.":; ~ . v *- - most enthusiastic convert to the virtues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be bought »
,v A Buffalo mother a short time ago who de- Stuart's ' Dyspepsia Tablets ""as a. ■ cure ■" f or . ob-^ any drug store for 50 cents a box Ttw p a
spaired of, the life of her babe was so delighted stinate stomach ; trouble. '. She says: ." 'I z. had Stuart Co., Marshall. Mich, publish^. ho«v
with the results f rom;- giving, the child these poor digestion, nearly, all my. life. -It. now, about dyspepsia which they will send you iW
Ublets^hat she. went b5fore_the. notary public seem*. to me that.for. years I never.knew. what. _and prepaid, if you , will .write and reauaat i»
of Erie County, N.Y.. and. made the. follow- it was to be hungry, to have a good, natural A postal card will bring it. "Write to-day'
Duwamish River. They were assisted by
the small crowd that quickly gathered.
Flames blazed up v fiercely and threat
ene'd to consume building. The men
fought the fire for over an hour. TVo of
them, who had ventured Into the build
ing from the front, were overpowered by
smoke, but soon recovered in the fresh
air.
Fire recently broke out in the Van As
selt glass factory three times in one
night, and It is known that incendiaries
are at work in the neighborhod.
FATE REUNITES
TWO BROTHERS
Men Separated for Thirty-
Years Meet in Wash
ington. r>
At Everett They Are Brought
Together Accident-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.TACOMA, "Wash., Dec. 15.— Charles
Cato and A. O. Cato, two brothers who
separated in Sweden thirty years ago,
met again for the first time in an Ever
ett store yesterday. * , . T\\
A. O. Cato, who is the elder of the two.
kissed his small brother good-by in their
Swedish home just three decades ago.
Coming to America he prospered and
soon stopped writing home. All trace of
him was lost. Ten years later Charles
Cato came to this country with the
double object of making money and flnd
inT his brother. After repeated searches
he gave up tne quest long ago.
Now it appears that both men have been
living- In Everett for two years past. Tb/ey
were standing almost side by side Satur
day when a storekeeper called one of
them by name. His brother turned and in
an instant they recognized each other.
Fate had brought about their reunion
where an anxious search had failed.
NORTHERN LUMBERMEN
ABE JN SOBE STBAITS
Shortage of Railroad Cars Causes the
Loss of Thousands of
Dollars.
TACOMA. Dec. 15.— The lumbermen of
this State are making another determined
effort to secure from the Northern trans
continental roads cars enough to meet the
normal Eastern demand for fir lumber and
heavy timbers. All the big mills and
many small ones have been making loud
complaints that their business is being
seriously interfered with by the diversion
of lumber cars for grain carrying.
The railroad committee of the Pacific
Coast Lumber Manufacturers' Association
met here last night and decided to make
a vigorous appeal for more cars without
further delay. The members of the com
mittee state that orders amounting to
$250,000 to $300,000 have been lost by the
car shortage. It has been especially hard
to get flat cars for hauling high grade
timber. The lumbermen will also seek to
ship more lumber by steamers around
Cape Horn to Atlantic ports. % • •'
HIGHWAYMEN ATTEMPT
EOBBEKY OF JAPANESE
Demand for Money Is Refused and
Two Bailroad Laborers Axe ;
Injured.
MODESTO, Dec. 15.— At Clauston, a
small station on the Santa Fe railroad
in this county, two masked highwaymen
to-daiy tried to rob Japanese section
hands in a bunkhouse. The highwaymen
demaned money, which the Japanese
said they did not have. One of the Jap
anese grabbed an 'iron rod and started
for a highwayman. The bandit shot him
in the cheek and beat him on the head
with a pistol. Another Japanese was
also struck on the head with a pistol.
The highwaymen then escaped.
ADVERTISEMESTTS.
222-224 SUTTErt ST.
OPEN EVENINGS
TILL CHRISTMAS.
NEW GOODS and Many Suitable
'Gifts, Among Them—
Chafing: Dishes. Fard and Gold
Five o'clock Teas Dates.
In nickel and Smyrna Figs.
brass. Wiesbaden Stuff-
Carving Sets. ed Prunes.-
Clears plum Pudding.
German Honey S'Sc due Cur-
taKe. rants.
Lowncy's Choco- Salted .Almonds.
lates jn beauti- Salted Pecans.
ful boxes. Louisiana Mam-
Maillard'a Can-, moth Pecans.
dies. Marronr Glaces.
Our own French Finnan (laddies. 1
Mixed Candies Ripe Olives. A. 1
at only 35c lb. Goosebrsast. "
Perf^me3 a n d Westpliilia Ham.
Soap cf French I Stuffed Oriental
and Am. makes. } Dates. •
TREE DECORATIONS— BONBONS
'—CANDLES HULL OOLORS. .
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
BONBONS, Wdi IO e c ac b rr 3 box 25c
containing mottoes and caps. We
are headquarters for the latest nov-
elties and dinner favors at all prices.
RJITTFft Finest Creamery >) it- i~r
DUllEK, Tub. full weight, i IDS 45^
Our own packing, reg. 27V£<:; 1 lb. 22c
BAKING POWDER.' '"r^S?" KS 39c
Absolute purity guaranteed.
COFFEE,' " Orl !£ a / b ': r83 2 lbs 55c
1 lb 2Se
A hig-h-grade blend— roasted and
ground fresh daily. 5
HLNCE MEAL Home Hade.
pt. jar — regular 40c SOe
qt. jar— regular 60c 50c
An exceptionally line quality.
BRANDY, Cal. fieg. $1.(10 bot, lie ,
3 bottle?.! .*. $2.00 }
Reg. $4 00 gal., gallon S3.OO
An old. pure grape brandy, excel-
lent for mince meat.
O.K. WHISKY. 10 years a!d.
Reg. $4 gal., gallon ..«??. OO
Reg. $1 bot. 73c. 3 bottles Sli.OO
Absolute purity guaranteed. . . »
CROWN PORT and SBEfiRY;
Reg. 50c bot. . 4 IJOtS $1.CO
As good as ever.' ' - . ■
CLARE f, "La Favorita,"
Res. doz. qts. $100 *^.2S
Reg. doz. pts»$2 50 SlMo
This State's finest table -wine.
IRISH ..WHISKY, " BURKES," 9jc
Reg. $1.10 bot.
COGNAC, Regular $175, $1.35
Three star, bottled in France— Trl-
coche, Bonniot & Co.-
CRANBB.RIES, ? e a g pe .5?at 2 qts 25c
CATSUP, Tomato, L £ 3 \%Z.' S bot. 15c
ORANGES, < N a E v;T. a re F g a0 43c. &Z. 3tC
CH.STNUTS, f£Sri5££ lb!5c
PE2FUMES, £&.,. | ln J£? c o^ r °r 5
PERFUMES,7c!, c fa. 3 Sfe 45c,eacb
We also carry a full line of Roger
& Gallet, Pinaud's. Piver & Violet's,
Houbi?ant's, Le Grande. • ,
DANDRUFF CURE acd HAIR TONIC,
Jl/hnSOn ? S reg. 50c. tot. 43C
SOAP, Lau F n a Viiy° ld 7-cakes.25c
Extra value. \
CifiC - Fancy Smyrna It, 7fl r
rlUJ, reg. 26c. ID -«C
WALNUTS, 3 °;i?£- 2 lbs 25c
HALT WHISKY, £2 c 2fJ 75:
A medicinal article. ;
WOOD ALC0H9L, f r ° e r 3 B^riy: fl ° g °ir'95c
CIGAES — Imported and Key
West — complete lines from $1.00
to $40.00 per box. v ,
Exchanges made willincly.
Step in and get one of our latest
"Seventy-seven Delicious Dishes"
books — free..
HOLIDAY CATALOGUK READY.
California
jLJSilHwlSist
The greatest train across the conti-
nent. High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have made
it th* most popular with travelers.
From Saa Francisco. . daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street
(Defect EyE-Q lasses
Fitted by bSjert6ptici^5
. Y. ;
04Z Market 5tv instruments.
CHRQ.YKI! BUtUHXG.
BAJA CALIFORNIA^.
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN VIGORA>
I tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodlulac and Special
Tonic tor th» Sexual OTgans, ;.'or both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Dtsirases of th<s Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merit*
. NABEB. ALFS 4 BK1JME. Afenti. -
123 Uarfcet at., S. F.— (Send tor Circular*.)QUARREL IN SENATE COMMITTEE
MAY DELAY ACTION ON THE CANAL
Morgan s Report in Favor of the Nicaraguan Route
Arouses Some Protest and an Attempt May Be
Made to Depose Him From the Chairmanship
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAV, 1406 G STREET N.
W\. WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— There Is
likely to be trouble over the report which
Senator Morgan made to the Senate last
week as chairman of the committee on
interoceanic canals. In favor of the
Nicaragua Canal against the Panama
Canal, and reporting favorably the bill
authorizing the Government to go ahead
and get the land needed for the Nica
:.-i:an CanaL
The meeting; of the committee when
tlv? action was taken was attended by
oiA' two members on the Republican
si/^— Senators Hawley of Connecticut
ar.d Platt of New York. The committe
is really in the hands of the Democrats.
The Democratic members are Morgan of
Alabama, who is chairman; Harris of
Kansas, Turner of Washington and Cul
berson of Texas, all members of thfc
Democratic caucus, and Hawlev of Con
necdCBt. Sewell of New Jersey, Platt of
New York and Hanna of Ohio. Senator
Sev.cll is dying at his home.
Senator Morgan, In his report, was
very severe en the officers of the Pana
ma Canal Company and. in view of the
fp.ct that several members of the com
mittee were absent, it is said, some of the
Senators are in favor of having the re
port sent back to the committee. This
would be regarded by Senator Morgan as
a move in behalf of Panama and would
«5<;ubtless be characterized by him as
such.
Senators who are incensed at the man
ner in which the report was made do
not look at it in that light- They say
that they are not committed to either
route and that Congress, in the matter of
the expenditure of !1S9,000,000, ought at
least to wait until the report of the last
"Walker commission, which cost more
than $1,000,000. has been printed and
placed on the desks of the committee.
There may be a desire to delay action
in this, but they deny that they have any
•wish other than to get the best possible
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i, NOTrGE-
SAVETfflSHtONT^j)
UPON RECEIPT OF
Box Fronts;
, .{Large or SmalljK
THEY WILL BE REDEEMED AS FOLLOWS^
OftFfcBb, A Handsome Leather]
«-V Cigar Case.C -
150 " ASterlingSilver Match Box:
17c ". An Elegant Amber Cigar
I/O Holder in Case.
DUJ . Leether Slide.
7Afl "
Ivv CtearCase,LeaHier5Ude.
y Not Responsible for Fronts,
<os-t in transit.
Send Fronts to
„ X^IULLER fic SONS,
JSS-IS5-IS? CROSBY ST., - K .Y., UkS Jtf
AT
AUCTION
CONTINUATION
EXTRAORDINARY
AUCTION SALE
OF REAL ESTATE
WILLlAi A. RIPER
' ESJATE.
December 16th, 1901.
Tb« followlns choice *nd «tl**t list of !»rroT*<l »n«
«r,irr!>r \*<\ proprruet will be .■■■!! !■ r the heir* of tt.r
Ute W!S!i«m A. Pi|'<», «t our nlriroom. Monday,
I>f-crn:!..T 16, 1WJ1. »t IS o'clock noon, by order of Gu*
tore H . Cicbsen, •olo referee, tubject to eonfirmaUra
ty the Suptrisr Court.
Northrast Cor. Setter and Gongh SU.
ThU choir* eornar would pty UrvUomely if prupetlj
Improved. Lot 70x13), ttirrc frouUm.
X45O, I4SS. 1454. 1 456 A: 14SS Franklin St.
BouthtMt corner Bnth St. ThU choice IsTestment
eocs'.sM ot two corner*, with fl»e dcf»nt 2-etorr *nd
feMttaeat houses ot 14 rooms »nd Wit etch. Beat*
g3iS per aapBth Lot 129x1114.
— Alto —
Two dwindle baildtns lota, SSzlSO etch, fronting ur.
£csh bt. and Fern Are. Will be told separate)?.
1212 to 1220 Polk bt.
Southeast corner Iiuch St. ThU choice bndnru
•rcnertT coosiit* of two corner*, and i« close to tin
Xr&nsferpoiat ot Suttcr and Polk bt.v ImproTenier.U
eocKit of eitfht store* and ttre. flaU, wjth fram.
boUdlntt, Sos. 1325-1328 Bnii Bt. Bentt «S90 per
Boats. Lot X2CX150, three trouUget. ,
McAllister St.
Kear inaction cf Market and Jones 8u. ThU cholet
feu8ine«» property could be made to yield nandaoaelr if
prajjtTijimpnrtA. Lot 123xS7.6. irregular.
City Hall Avenue.
Between Leitenworth and Citj Hall Bgturi. Tw;
•hoice buildinf lots. 35x100 each.
21S tVashincton St.
Between Front and Da»J« Sts. ImproteraentaconaJat
ef frame building. Rents t» per mouth. Ix>t22xiactc
0768011 6t pnTBEKO.
" Artlon of Block 441, lot 100x400, three frontages.
W^T « " 406, " 10ox400, three frontages.
m •» •• 432. •* 100x300. two frontages.
« " " 513, " 10Ox UK, three frontage*.
m - - £12, " 100x233, two frontage*.
•• * " 475, ** 100x330, two fronucei.
« •• •• 514," 100x410, three frontagM.
•• " " 520, " ■ 200x400, three frontages.
« ~ •• £18, " 100x150, two frontage*.
Olft Map No. 3.
EWe Bt.. west line, l*-tween Emerald* and Oom
§tt Lct« 3C1, SGS, 2SJ and 36!. 25x70 each.
For e*tsic«ue« and further partJculM*, apply to
G. H. TJSIBSEX * CO.
t* TlTnntirnrnnry 8tf»*«fc-
ttjTJZj x^^^^sS^ 9f\ P3I frj"\ yj
•>-
' \A/. T. HESS,
K0TAKT rtJBLIC AHD ATT0B5BT-AT-L1W.
Teeth .Floor. Itoom 1015. Claus SpreckeU Bid*.
Telephone Main 98J.
Residence 821 California Bt.. below Powell. .
Reddest* Telephone James 1691..
route over which the best canal can be
built for the least money.
The report that there is a movement
to retire Senator Morgan from the chair
manship of the committee is denied by
these Senators, but they do say that in
view of the fact that the Republicans
have to take the responsibility for legis
lation they should have control of the
committee. No one would be surprised
If In the rearrangement of the commit
tees the dominant party should be given
teh larger membership.
TO VOTE ON TREATY TO-DAY.
Senate Certain to Batify the Hay-
Pauncef ote Convention.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— The disposi
tion of the Senate Is to do very little busi
ness beyond acting upon the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty before adjournment for the
holidays. In accordance with the agree
ment on Friday the treaty will be voted
on before the Senate adjourns to-morrow.
Senator Teller will make the first speech
of the day to-morrow, and he will be fol
lowed by other Senators with brief
speeches. The opponents of the treaty
admit there is no doubt of ratification.
On Tuesday the announcement of the
changes in committees will be made, anu
there is a probability that after this an
nouncement the Senate will adjourn until
Thursday, when the adjournment for tho
holidays will take place, extending to
January 6. If there are business sessions
on Wednesday and Thursday Senator
Morgan will make an effort to obtain ac
tion on his bill authorizing the acquisition
of right of way for the Nicaraguan canal,
but Senators on the Republican side of the
chamber are inclined to postpone all Im
portant legislation until after tb,e holi
days.
There probably will be action before
the adjournment on Thursday on a num
ber of nominations, and the chances ate
that Attorney General Knox's nomination
will be among those to receive attention.
The introduction of resolutions bearing
on the case of Admiral Schley is also
among the probabilities, but no action in
that direction is expected for the present.
The House this week will pass the bill
to provide temporarily revenues for the
Philippine Islands, which was reported
from the Ways and Means Committee last
Friday. Under the agreement made gen
eral debate will extend throughout Tues
day and until 4 o'clock Wednesday, when
a vote will be taken.
There will be no opportunity to amend
the measure. There will be no break in
the party lines on both sides of the
House. McCall of Massachusetts, the Re
publican member of the Ways and Means
Committee who opposed the Porto Rican
bill during the last Congress, will speak
against the measure, and will be support
ed in his dissent from his Republican col
leagues by Littlefield of Maine and per
haps several other Republicans who op
posed the Porto Rican bill and who hold
that a similar issue is presented at this
time. On the Democratic side Robertson,
a member of the Ways and Means Com
mittee, will support the bill, and the re
mainder of the Louisiana delegation will
do likewise. Representing the cane sugar
Interests of their State, they are opposed
to concessions on sugar duties either from
the Philippines or Cuba. The general be
lief is that the bill will secure as many
Democratic votes as it loses votes on the
Republican side, and that the majority
in its favor when placed upon passage
will be about the Republican majority in
the House.
• The complete remains of the mammoth
found in Siberia, now on the way to St.
Petersburg, are about three times the size
of a big elephant.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o '■ o
Xmas
Presents
At Cut Rates.
We Carry a Large
Assortment for Selection.
Perfume Atomizers from 25c.
Ladies' Pocket Books from 25c.
Albums from $1.50.
Boxes with Perfume from 25c.
Another
Gift Day
Tuesday, Dec. 17.
We present free to our patrons on
the above date an elegant Doll, 13
inches long, real kid body, genuine
bisque head, or a bottle of Vellot's
fine Perfume, with every purchase
of EOc or over.
As many of our customers were
disappointed on our last gift day
we have made this arrangement to
please all.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
3 (>
When Prof. Manyon says his Rheumatism
Care will cure rheumatism there isn't any guess-
» work about it — there isn't any false statement about
k. It cures wiihuut leaving any ill effects. It is a
splendid stomac'i and nerve tonic, as well as a posi-
tive cure for rheumatism.
All the Muny -in remedies are just as reliable, 25c.
via!. The Guide to Health is free. Munyon, New
York and Philadelphia.
HU.VYO.Vi) F VOILES CURES CAT1BBH.
§VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY tor MLN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure tho
worst cases in old and young;
arising from effects of eelf-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Im potency, Lost
Power. Xlght Losses, Insom
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitncsa to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, _ -^ Var lcocele or Con-
etipatlon, Stop Ner *Sfl vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are *■' Immediate, Im-
part vlror and pote CBHTS ney to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 &0 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis Bt..
San Francisco. Cat GRANT DRUG CO.. SS
and 40 Third tst.
TELE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, :19O1.
RAINSTORM AND DISASTROUS FLOODS
FOLLOW PENNSYLVANIA'S COLD WAVE
Damage to Railroad and Mining Country Will Reach Millions of Dollars,
and at Least Four Lives Are Known to Have Jteen Lost—Rivers Over
' .^flow'Banks and Hundreds of Factories and Residences Are Inundated
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 15.— A storm
which for severity and dqptruc
tlveness has not been equalled In
this section In twenty-five years
visited Eastern and Central Penn
sylvania last night, causing unprecedent
ed damage and resulting in the loss of at
least four lives. The havoc in the south
ern region Is enormous, • and the loss to
railroad and mining companies will
amount to millions of dollars. The
Schuylkill, Lehigh, Susquehanna and Ju
nlata rivers have risen as high as llfteen
feet above their levels, and all of their
tributaries have overflowed, inundating
the surrounding country in more than a
dozen counties.
Innumerable washouts have occurred on
the Pennsylvania, the Philadelphia and
Heading, the Northern Central, the Le
high Valley, the New Jersey Central and
the Lackawanna railroads. Bridges were
carried away and traffic is at a standstill.
The delegates to the convention of the
American Federation of Labor are storm
bound at Scranton, with no Idea of when
they will be able to leave. . .
The force of water weakened the sup
ports of a bridge spanning a creek near
Willlamsport, and as a result a freight
train was wrecked and three men were
killed. At one place a miner was swept
from a bridge and drowned.
In the Schuylkill Valley forty-eight
mines were flooded, and in the Lehigh
and Lackawanna regions the destruction
is equally great. Hundreds of mules were
drowned in the collieries, and it will be
weeks before many of the mines can re
sume operations.
Entire Town Is Submerged.
In some sections the water reached "the
second stories of dwellings, and the town
of Westmore, near Wilkesbarre. is sub
merged. Many of the residents have left
their homes in boats. Similar conditions
exist along the Juniata River, farmers
being compelled to abandon their homes.
The flood was rendered more disastrous
by the melting of the snow on the moun
tain sides. The storm broke with great
severity yesterday afternon after the rain
had been falling incessantly for several
days. At Pottsville and other places in
Schuylkill County ten inches of rain fell
in twenty-four hours. The high wind ac
companying the rain unroofed many
houses, and the Individual losses will be
considerable.
ALLENTOWN, Pa., Dec. 15.— The most
destructive flood in the Lehigh Valley
since 1862 started this morning at 3 o'clock,
following a two days' drenching rain,
which melted the snow in the mountains,
causing the Lehigh River to become a
raging torrent. The traction company's
power-houses are flooded by seven feet of
water, which drowned the fires under the
boilers. No trolley cars have been run
since 10 o'clock this morning, and Allen
town is to-night in darkness. The Ade
laide silk mills sustained a loss of more
than $40,000. Eight feet of muddy water
is on the first floor, completely covering
the machines and ruining all the silk. The
American Steel and Wire Company's wire
and nail plants are under water and thou
sands of dollars damage has been done
there. All other industries along the
course of streams suffered heavily by
water flooding the basements and first
floors, damaging the machinery and stock.
Bethlehem, Pa., Dec. 15.— in six
hours this morning the Lehigh River
overflowed the canal and adjoining rail
road tracks on both sides. Both the Le
high Valley and the New Jersey Central
railroads were forced to suspend traffic.
Not since 1SH has the backwater from the
river wrought such serious damage. The
canal bank bosses say the damage to the
canal will reach $30,003, while 200 private
residences in the flooded district were
damaged to the extent of $50,000. Both the
electric and gas companies are without
power and the churches were compelled
to suspend services to-night.
The Lehigh River was seventeen feet
above low water mark here before the
people .realized their danger. No loss of
human life is known. .
VICTIMS OF COLD WEATHER
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— This was the cold-
REJECTS PORTION
OF CHILE'S NOTE
Argentine Republic to
Forward Its Reply
To-Day.
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 15.— Although
the situation between Argentina and
Chile has improved, it has not yet been
clearly defined. The Council of Argentina
has spent much time In studlng'tho two
paragraphs of the Chilean note which de
lines that country's position and an agree
ment upon which will mean the solution
of the pending dlfllculty. Its reply will be
forwarded to-morrow.
The council has decided to accept the
first paragraph , concerning the construc
tion of roads. This paragraph Is satisfac
tory to the Argentine Republic. The com
pilation of the second paragraph, refer
ring to the pretended occupation by the
Argentine Republic of Chilean territory at
Ultima Esperanza, Is not acceptable to the
Ministers. The assurance Is given that the
Argentine Government, replying to this
paragraph, will answer that it is Impossi
ble for it to recognize an t ct which, after
in veatigation, has been disproved.'
The hope prevails here that everything
will be arranged on a friendly basis within
a few days. It is believed that Chile will
insist upon presenting an insignificant
claim for the invasion of Chilean terri
tory by three Argentine policemen.
Argentina continues taking military
measures. Men of wealth are offering the
Government money with which to buy
horses and otherwise equip, should occa
sion arise, a regiment of cavalry. Public
opinion throughout the entire country is
expressing its patriotic approval of the
Government's conduct. The people remain
quiet.
The Government has decided to divide
the republic into six military zones, with
20,000 men in each. The arms and equip
ment for these men are already on hand
in the respective zones. Over and above
the reserves called out last week, .15,000
volunteers have presented themselves for
service. In case of necessity, the Govern
ment has reserves which would enable it
to mobollze an army of 200,000 men.
PARIS, Dec. 15.— The Temps, reviewing
the dispute between the Argentine Repub
lic and Chile, says that what complicates
the questior is the vigilance, not to say
jealousy/with which the United States
remains faithful to the two-edged Monroe
doctrine, which excludes all other inter
vention, while justifying its own, and
watches for the interference of Great
Britain or other powers in the affairs of
South America.
La Liberte declares that an Argentina
Chilean war would just suit the American
Imperialism and that it would entirely suit
the designs of those working to pervert
the Monroe doctrine.
Identifies the Stolen Jewelry.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 15.— Alfred Lowen
thal, the New York jewelry salesman
who was robbed of samples valued at
$15,000 at Portland, Ore., three weeks ago,
to-day identified the $800 worth of jewelry
recovered by the Kansas City, Kas., poi
lice department, as being a part of the
stolen property. Lowenthal asserts that
W. H. Wood, who is under arrest at
Omaha charged with complicity In the
robbery, is innocent. ' . v .
COLD weather and
floods east of the
Rocky Mountains have
caused heavy loss in life and
property. In Pennsylvania
a rise in the temperature has
been followed by Hoods that
are causing trjfnendoits dam
age, while in the Middle
Western and mountain
States the losses sustained by
stockmen will be enormous.
Latest zveather reports indi
cate that the cold wave has
about spent its force.
est day Chicago experienced in the month
of December since the weather j bureau
was established here thirty years ago.
For three hours this morning the mer
cury stood at 12 degrees below zero.
Later, however; the skies cleared and the
wind, which, had been blowing from the
northwest, died down, pausing a_gradual
rise of temperature. To-night the ther
mometer at the local weather bureau reg
istered but 3 degrees below zero. The pre
dictions for •to-morrow are moderate
weather and a rising temperature.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Dec. .; 15.— Reports
from the blizzard-stricken^ district of
Southern Wyoming are to the effect that
the great storm which has raged, for the
past few days with unprecedented, fury
has spent its force and that the
is slowly moderating. Rumors of loss of
life through exposure to. the storm^aie
numerous and in several. instances have
been confirmed. One of the latest tells
>of the death of a young man; named
Hemingway, who left, the home of his
brother in Casper, Wyo., to go^to a neigh
boring ranch on Thursday last. He never
reached his destination and is believed
to have perished. Meager reports" from
the range country are to the effect that
stock weathered the storm much better
tuan was expected, although the. loss will
undoubtedly be great. It will be several
days before conditions in the stock-rais
ing sections are known.
BILLINGS, Mont., Dec. 15.— Eastern
Montana has been enveloped In one of
the heaviest snowfalls ever known • here.
The snow averages from two to six feet
in depth on the level and railroad travel
will be Interrupted for the next few days.
The thermometer registers 20 degrees be
low zero to-night, with a strong north
wind blowing, which will drive it from
10 to 20 degrees lower by morning. All
stock on the open prairie Is suffering
frightfully, and unless "weather changes
come within the next twenty-four hours
the losses /will be great. J. A. Phillips,
a well-kndwn sheepman, left here Friday
for Flat Willow, forty-five miles from
here, accompanied by two herders, and a
report reached Billings to-day that the
entire party were frozen to death en
route.
DENVER, Col., Dec. 15.— The tempera
ture here rose to between 30 and 40 de
grees above zero to-day, a welcome
change from yesterday's condition,-* when
the thermometers registered as low as 21
degrees below on the streets of Denver.
To-night the mercury rests around freez
ing point. A moderation of the cold
weather is reported from other sections
of the State, although not quite so de
cided as. a general rule as, in this city.
But little suffering is : reported as a result
of the storm in Colorado. ' ■
TOPEKA, Kas., Dec. 15.— Temperatures
in Kansas have risen from 10 to 30 de
grees since last night. The wind is from
the south to-night and the indications are
that by to-morrow the weather will be
much warmer. The situation of the stock
POLICEMEN MAKE
A GOOD CAPTURE
Arrest Two Men for Com
% plicity in Montana
Train Robbery.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Dec. 15.-A man
who, the police say, is tho one who shot
two KnoxvlUe policemen Thursday night,
and who ' they first thought was Harry
Longbaugh, but now believe Is Harvey
Logan, alleged to havo been concerned
In the Montana train robbery, was cap
tured with a companion to-night one mile
from Jefferson City, Tenn., twenty miles
from KnoxvlUe. Tho escape of the man
that shot the policemen was followed by
the discovery of a flood of unsigned $20
Montana bank notes, and on the person
of the man arrested to-day was found
over $5000 of tho stolen bills. A. B. Carey,
a Jefferson City merchant, telephoned po
lice headquarters In this city this after
noon that he believed he had seen the
much-wanted man and a companion in
Jefferson City. Local officers hurried to
the Bcene by special train but arrived too
late to participate In the capture. Carey
and four other men first caught a man
who gives his name aa John Drees of
Louisville. The other one was found In
a patch of woods one mile away. He was
slow In putting up his hands, but finally
surrendered. When taken he give his
name as Wilson. Both men were brought
here to-nleht.
Police officers are almost certain that
they ' have both Longbaugh and Harvey
Logan. Wilson fills Logan's description
precisely, except that he Is clean shaven
Instead of having a full beard. On his
head are scars which the local officers
say were made by the policemen's clubs
Drees about answers Longbaugh's de
scription. The man who gives his name
as Wilson absolutely refuses to talk, says
he has no name and does not know how
he received the scars on his head. Drees
claims to be a molder by trade. .
Railway Loses Heavily by Fire.
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— The total destruc
tion of the Lincoln- avenue car barns of
the Chicago Traction Company with more
than 160 cars resulted from a fire this
morning. Besides the building nearly all
the grip cars and trailers used on the
Lincoln avenue car lines were destroyed
Loss, $130,000. ■
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISS ROSA McAHAN OF BUTTE
How After Two Years She ' Pound a
Betaedy for Dandruff.
Miss Rosa McAhan of 211 We^t : Quartz
street, Butte, Mont., says: "Herpicide
has thoroughly cleansed my scalp of dan-
druff, which was entirely covered; and it
has stopped my falling hair. I have tried
many different preparations in the past
two years, but none took effect except
Newbro's Herpicide." • Dandruff is a germ
disease, and Herpiclde is an infallible de-
stroyer of the germ. "Destroy the cause,
you remove the effect." Kill the dandruff
germ. Ask your druggist for Herpicide.
It is a delightful dressing; allays itching;
makes the hair soft as silk . -
men In Western Kansas is greatly Im
proved.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 15.— The report of the
weather bureau to-night contains the In
formation that the- backbone of the cold
wave has been broken. From all of the
stations in, the far Northwest come re
ports that there has been a decided rise
In temperature. Sub-zero weather con
tinues to be reported, however, but not
In such intense character as was shown
by the map in the last twenty-four hours.
In St. Paul to-day the . maximum was 8
below, and at 8 o'clock the thermometer
showed 4 degrees above.
OMAHA, Dec. 15.— The extreme cold
weather which has prevailed for forty
eight hours in Nebraska and the Missouri
Valley began to moderate this afternoon.
The minimum temperature to-day was 14
degrees below zero, which point was
reached at 7 this morning. At 10 o'clock
to-night it had risen to 16 above, with
prosoects for a further rise.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 15.— Shortly after 8
o clock to-night the mercury reached
.zero here and is still falling. The Ohio
River suddenly fell from 10 to 15 feet dur
ing the day, causing much suffering along
the river front, through breaking up an
endless line of river boats. "Dock"
Orra, a well-known character on the
Kentucky side of the river, was found
frozen to death to-day near his home
at Fort Thomas.
AUSTIN, Tex., Dec. 15.— The cold wave
has moderated. Cattle are not in good
condition for such weather, and in. their
unprotected condition : on the big ranges
it is feared that much loss will result. In
this section quite a number of horses
have died during the past twenty-four
hours, mostly the property of poor people
who have been unable to feed them prop
erly, on account of high prices of feed.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Dec. 15.— The
mercury reached a low mark this morn-
Ing when 10 degrees below zero was of
ficially recorded at the weather bureau.
From that hour it steadily, rose to 12 de
grees above and to-night stood _at 3
below.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Dec. 15.— From 16
degrees below zero in this city at an early
hour this morning the weather has grad
ually, moderated until, at 10 o'clock to
night, the mercury stands at 5 degrees
above zero. It is getting warmer through
out the State.
I suit or overcoat 1
Here 'are points that enter into the making of our $9 suits which prove that
they are superior garments in many ways : ]
! The fabrics are all-wool cheviots, serges, worsteds and tweeds in new and ■
I exclusive patterns ; also solid colors. Jhe cloth is purchased by us direct from the
\ best American mills../
I •' The garments are cut, trimmed and tailored in the height of style— just like
high-priced clothing as regards the style of the garments.
I They are distinctive in style, perfect in fit, pleasing in effect. .
1 The making is done by union labor and every suit Bears the label which
proclaims it such. : Kv
The suits are made in our own workshops — you buy direct from us, the »
ymakers, and put all the middleman's profits in your own pocket. \
They are good business suits for the man who wants to dress well on a ]
j nominal outlay. ;S£;.;
The overcoats at £ 9 are made up under the same advantages and in the
same careful manner. The materials are black or oxford gray cheviots, blue kerseys j
and tari coverts. The cheviots and kerseys come in the long styles now so popu-
lar, and the coverts are box lehgth-(to the knees). , . I
1 Both the suits and overcoats are fully guaranteed — your money back if they
I don't come up to our claim and your satisfaction. The' price of either is -
! Write for our sug- C^ \l \ A [f\ jt\ jnT*^ d~Y\ Out-of-town orders
! gestion booklet- OxVWwllfl III rt) i 1 §• filIed for clothes,
"Christmas Gifts ** l r '"."-• -" VM hats and furnishing
i for Men and Boys." T18 Market Street goods — write us. «
SINGLE WORD "APPROVED" TO END
SAMPSON-SCHLEY CONTROVERSY
Will Be Written by Secretary Long Below Findings
of the Full Court and No Action Will Be Taken
Regarding Admiral Dewey's Individual Opinion
Special Dispatch to the Call*
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
"W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— But the
single word "Approved," written below
the findings of the Schley court of In
quiry signed by Admiral Dewey as presi
dent, will probably, comprise the action
which will be taken thereon by Secretary
Long. Admiral Dewey's Individual ex
pression of opinion that Schley maintained
an effective blockade at Cienfuegos and
Santiago, proceeded with all dispatch
from Key West to Cienfuegos and from
Cienfuegos to Santiago and was in su
preme command In the battle with Cer-'
vera's fleet, will require no action, and
it is not believed that Secretary Long
will consider it part of his duty to either
approve or disapprove it. Aside from the
exceptions noted, Admiral Dewey has
agreed with his colleagues on the court
as to Rear Admiral Bchley's disobedience
of orders, failure tcA "pot" the Colon,
etc., so that it Is held by subordinate of
ficials of the Navy Department that It
is Secretary Long's duty to confine any
views he may express to the opinion ad
vanced by. the court and signed by the
admiral as president.
Congressional Action Unlikely.
Secretary Long does not propose to act
hastily, but he will certainly dispose of
the matter before the end of the week
and the court will then be dissolved. With
this action will conclude all investigation
of Rear Admiral Schley and of the con
duct of the navy during the war with
Spain. The mutterings of Rear Admiral
Sampson's friends over Admiral Dewey's
opinion will pass unheeded. Even the re
quest for a court of inquiry will not be
considered. The sense of Congress, de
veloped by consideration of the findings,
has established that both the Senate and
the House are opposed to a Congressional
investigation.
So, with Secretary Long's action, will
close officially the Schley-Sampson con
troversy. It was suggested to-day that,
notwithstanding the recommendations of
the court that there be no further pro
ceedings. Secretary Long will order a
courtmartial to try Rear Admiral Schley.
There is authority for the statement that
the Secretary has no thought of such ac
tion. In his opinion the morale of the ser
vice will be Immeasurably improved by
a close of the controversy, and he will
certainly consider this feature of the mat
ter in connection with the action he will
take. The department believes it could
order a courtmartial. notwithstanding the
expiration of the time- limit In the regu
lations, and thus compel Rear Admiral
Schley to plead the limitation at tho bar
of trial.
Squadron's Coal Supply Ample.
One of the features of the court's report
to which comparatively little attention
has been paid Is that relating to the coal
supply of the flying squadron. Lieutenant
Charles W. Dyson, an engineer officer,
prepared a table showing the length of
time the squadron could have blockaded
Santiago. Lieutenant Dyson gave the
Brooklyn 34.15 days: the Massachusetts.
26.23 days: the Iowa. 20.13 clays: the Texas,
16.54 days, and the Marblehead. 8.01 days.
The court found that the Brooklyn could
have remained on blockade duty for
twenty-six days, the Massachusetts for
twenty days, the Iowa for sixteen days,
the Texas for ten days and the Marble
head for five days, and would still have
had enough coal in their bunkers to have
steamed to Gonalve Bay, Haiti, or to
Cape Cruz. Cuba, to coal from the collier
Merrimac. The court's report shows that
Rear Admiral Schley had no reason to be
concerned over the coal Bupply ot hla
command. *
Raynor Hints .at Civil Action.
BALTIMORE, Md., Dec. 15.— Rear Ad
miral Schley has notified Attorney Gen
eral Baynor that he Is ready to taku any
action with reference to his case that
Raynor may advise. Raynor expects to
meet the admiral lrt Washington to-mor
row or Tuesday. When asked whether he
favored a Congressional investigation,
Raynor said:
"I doubt whether a proceeding of this
sort is the proper one. It generally as-<
sumes a political aspect. At this time I
am of the opinion that matters should
be prosecuted in the courts. Thero are
plenty of ways In which this can be done,
and this week we will begin to consult and
determine upon our course of action."
Among the telegrams Raynor ha3 re
ceived since the publication of the findings
of the court of inquiry was one from a
gentleman in another State, who E.sked
that his identity be kept secret, with an
offer of $10,000 for the necessary expenses
attending a further prosecution of th«
case. The offer was declined.
34
MONDAY DECEMBER 16, j 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Icirtss All rcjcsmicttienj to W. S. LEAKE. Kat>a?er. * '
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Preis SO4
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORI.1L IIOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
£i»sJe Copien. 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mail, Including I'ostaset
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sui.day), 6 i..onths f 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— 13y Sincle Month 6Sc
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters arc authorized to receive .
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be iorwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in orderh.g change of address should be
rarticular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICD 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS.
tttif f- Fcreif t -P.crf rtis;rf, Etrqeettt Btlldisg, Chicago.
(Long: Distance Telephone "Central 2C1&.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAKLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPOEBk n. SMITH 30 Tribune Building;
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 ynion Square:
Murray BUI Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRAXCII OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, opep
until S:!0 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock.- 633
McAllister, open tntil 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkin. open until
S:30 o'clock. 1341 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, rpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh. o;ien until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-sscond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1200 Flllmore. open until 9 |>. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll — "Little Hed Riding Hoofl."
Central — "Muldoon'e Picnic."
Alcazar— "The Gay Mr. Llghtfoct."
Columbia— "A Royal Rogue."
Ornhcum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Diplomacy."
California— "Rir Van Winkle."
Chutes. Zoo end Theater— Vaudeville every af:ti:.^..:i anJ
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SAL£S.
By G. H. I_*n-ib«-n— Monday, December 16, Real Estate, at
31 Montgomery street.
ABNORMAL TRADE CONDITIONS.
THE condition of trade is abnormal for this time
of the year. Usually during the month of De
cember ihc wholesale business of the country
lulls off, being superseded by retail buying for the
holidays. But this year there is not only a lively re
tail trade all over the country, but undiminished
wholesale trading as well. This double activity is
seldom seen, and accentuates the current phenomenal
volume of general business. Almost every section of
the country and almost all lines of trade report the
same heavy movement in merchandise and produce.
The West and Southwest are large buyers of grain,
fruits and feedstufTs, owing to the partial failure of
the crops through last summer's long hot dry spell,
and the best of it is that they seem to have plenty of
money to buy with. The Atlantic and Middle States
report factories in full blast with large orders
running far into nexi year, and the Pacific Coast is
enjoj-ing cne of the best years id its history as far as
outward shipments of its field products go. There
seems hardly anything produced in California or its
two northern neighbors that is not in good demand,
cither for the East 'or foreign countries.
The general export trade of the country, hoxever.
seems to be slowly diminishing. Shipments of
breadstuff's, livestock, cotton and oils, while larger
than at this time last year, are smaller than during
October. For the calendar year to date, however,
shipments of these products are 5 per cent larger
than during any previous year. High prices, more
than any falling off in the demand, are causing the
current diminution iii foreign exports.
The failures are fewer than in 1900 at the moment,
those last week being 233 against 247 for the same
week last year.
The staples, considered individually, are lively and
in good condition for producers and sellers. Woolen
goods are in brisk demand, dress goods especially,
and raw wool continues to sell off well at all points.
Shipments of boots and shoes continue to exceed
those of last year and most of the factories are run
ning full time. Leather rules firm, but hides arc still
quoted easy. Cereals seem to have touched the crest
of the current rise and the tendency is toward lower
quotations again. Countrymen no longer crowd the
Board of Trade of Chicago scrambling for wheat,
while realizing in wheat, corn and oats has been enor
mous for a week. The decline in prices, however, is
unimportant and less than might have been expected.
The demand for iron and steel continues unabated
and commercial reports say that probably never be
fore was there so much forward business bqoked as
at present. If this industry were not hampered by a
chronic scarcity of cars its showing would surprise
the public; but many furnaces are being driven out
of blast owing to their sheer inability to obtain the
cars to move iron to and their product from the mill.
It would seem as if this dearth of rolling stock would
make a material decrease in the earnings of the rail
roads, but they actually show a gain of 11.5 in No
vember over the same month last year.
The feeling in Wall, street continues nervous and
unsettled. and the bankers and other conservative
financiers are warning the public to go slowly 'and
with caution. They say that we are in an era of ex
travagance, not economy; that the current activity in
trade is more in luxuries than in necessities; that we
are spending money when we should be saving if
tliat our exports are falling off and the foreign trade
balance is beginning to point against us; that scar
city and high prices of farm products <lo not mean
prosperity; that the present phenomenal wave of
commercial activity cannot last forever, and so on.
These bankers arc shrewd and careful men. They
generally know what they are talking about. They
say that there arc certain signs in the sky which only
the willfully blind will not sec and arc advising a
flower and more conservative pace. The advice is
gcod, even if we- arc doing a "land office" business.
Just about this time a good many society men have
come to the conclusion that the grand opera season
and the Christinas season have been brought a little
bit too clo^c together for gcod form.
FIGHTING THE ELEMENTS.
REPORTS from the orange-growing districts of
the State are to the effect that despite the se
verity of the frost there is reason to believe
the loss of fruit will be much less than might have
been feared. , The orchardists have resorted exten
sively to smudging and are sanguine the results will
show the efficacy of that system of fighting frost.
It is to be hoped the results will not only be bene
ficial but will be conclusive on the subject. A good
many orchardists are skeptical of the claims - made
for smudging as a piotection against frost. Some
have tried it without achieving success and have con
duded it is of little value. Others have argued that
the smudge smoke has no other effect than that of a
thin blanket which tends to prevent the radiation of
the heat of the earth during the night and also, to
prevent the ill effects of the morning sun streaming
directly through a clear sky upon the frosted fruit.
They argue, therefore, that it can be of no advantage
where the earth has been chilled by prolonged frost
or when there are winds that blow the smoke awayy
By reason of these differences of opinion it .has
been difficult in some parts of the State to get the
orchard pioprietors to engage in such universal
smudging as would cover the entire district with
smoke, and as a consequence in those districts the
experiment has never been given a full and fair trial."
If, now, after these repeated frosts and prolonged cold
weather, the orange orchards where smudging-has
been extensively resorted to are saved, there will be
something like a convincing demonstration of 'the
value of smudges. We may then expect that here :
after the practice will be more generally adopted and.
every fruit-growing district in the State will be com
paratively safe from danger of frost. .. '■■):
It is worth noting in this connection that the vine
growers of Austria and of France tontinue to assert
a confidence in the efficacy of cannonading hail
storms, despite the skepticism of scientific men. The
criticisms of the Chief of the Weather ,Bureau and
other authorities in this country have been tele
graphed to France, and in commenting upon them
Consul Covert, who represents the United States at
Lyons, says in a recent report to the State Depart
ment: "The individual opinion of any one is worth
iittle or nothing upon a question that is being tested
by experiments conducted on a large scale by sev
eral thousand people in two great nations. It is not
the uneducated peasantry, but the wealthy, well edu
cated proprietors, who have directed these experi
ments and who are most emphatic in indorsing
them. I have interviewed all classes of people, scien
tists and laymen, and find only one, Dr. Paul Caze
neuve, who does not accept the cannonading theory.
He insists that the experiments have not yet been
conducted under sufficiently diverse circumstances to
clearly prove the theory. In answer to this the large
proprietors and the peasants repose the most implicit
faith in cannon and laugh at the learned doubter.','
In matters of this kind it is always worth while to
make experiments wherever one has the means to af
ford the risk. Our science is still a long way from
understanding all the force's of nature. In the civil
ized world the soil has been fairly subdued and man
knows how to manage it. We have now to fight
weather. The battle, is difficult; but within certain
limits man may hope to achieve victory. The ten-"
deircy of the weather to produce frosts and hail
storms ti;ay eventually be counteracted by human
skill ns efficiently as the same skill can now counter
act the tendency of the soil to produce weeds and
generate diseases among trees arid vines.
Representative Robertson of Louisiana is a Demo
cratic member of the Ways and Means Committee,
arid yet when the Philippine tariff was under consid
eration in the committee Mr. Robertson voted with
the Republicans instead of the Democrats. Evidently
protection to home industries is appreciated in Lou
isiana when Louisiana happens to be the home of the
industry.
BILLS BEFORE CONGRESS.
DURING the first week of the session there
were introduced into the Senate 1104 bills
and into the House 4355. -That breaks the
record. During the first week of the last Congress
the bills introduced into the Senate amounted to 1050
and those in the House to 3300,^0 that the total of
both houses in the Fifty-sixth Congress was less than
the number introduced this time in the House alone.
The /bills range of course from measures upon
which the increasing welfare of the nation depends
to those designed to win favor in Buncombe. Pen
sion bills of one kind or another are more numerous
than any other class. Some of them arc for the pur
pose of providing a pension for a particular person
whose claim cannot be allowed under the general
laws, while others arc designed to so amend .the laws
as to increase* the list of persons eligible for pen
sions. An interesting bill intended to give govern
mental recognition lothe veterans of the Civil War
has been introduced by Senator Burrows. It pro
vides that the Government shall furnish each hon
orably discharged soldier, sailor or marine who
served ninety days in the Civil War with a badge or
button as a testimonial of his service for the preser
vation of the Union. It- also prescribes a penalty of
$500 fine and six months' imprisonment for falsely
wearing the badge. . .'
There are a considerable number of bills for es
tablishing national parks. Such measures have now
become one of the favorite means of getting appro
priations for districts which have no claim for river
or harbor improvements, or for Federal buildings.
Many of the parks are to be established upon sites
rendered historic by war and are to be of a memorial
nature. Pennsylvania has two bills of this kind, one
for a park at Valley Forge and the other at Brandy
wine. Kentucky wishes one at Perry ville 'and Geor
gia wishes one at Atlanta. The' most important of
this class of bills is that providing for a grand'na
tional park of upward .of 2,000,000 acres in the Ap
palachian Mountains. This park would be one of
national benefit, and will doubtless be established.
The fate of the others will depend largely upon the
skill with which their promoters can practice the art
of log-rolling. . . '
To this great mass of bills presented m the first
week of the session others will be added as the ses
sion goes on. It is utterly impossible for Congress
as a body to attend to them all. The mere reading
of them would take up about all the time the two
houses are in session. They will be sent to com
mittees and there the slaughtering will begin: Some
will go into pigeonholes, some into waste-baskets.
There will emerge from the committees, however, a
much larger number than the. House can attend to,
and the Committee on Rules will have to 'make a
further- diminution. :V^O-'-Y ; ''
Of- the despotic power of the Rules Committee
many complaints have been made, and yet it is clear
that such power must be lodged somewhere or Con
ftress would never be able to get along w j t h its work.
It is safe to say that many of the bills introduced are
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1901.
not supported earnestly even by the men who pre
sented them. They 'are designed to please certain
elements of a Congressman's constituents and to en
able him to show that he is "domg something" at
Washington. The killing" of the great mass of- the
bills, therefore, is not going to hurt anybody.' Any
measure of genuine importance is sure to have a hear
ing sooner or later, and its chances are helped rather
than hurt by the authority given to the Committee
on Rules. In fact, the present system of dealing
with legislation has been developed'by the conditions
under which. legislation is carried on, and is not likely
to be changed until the conditions change.' '
I' "While" the Pan-American delegates at the City of
Mexicd were! uttering their first expressions/of de
light at, meeting one a^ Colombia and Venezuela
were; threatening; war and'now at the end of the Con
gress Chile and Argentina are preparing to fight.
The Pah-Americ'anf therefore, is another proof added
to- that of The Hague conference that as soon as na
tions begin to talk of- peaceful arbitration there is
bound to be a fight. -
•/*^\.UR London dispatches inform us that every
r%J body in Great- Britain who takes any interest
:^^' :,'"'• P u b lic - affairs has been for a week waiting
impatiently jtp hear/what .Lord Rosebery will say in
his speech at Chesterfield to-day. The impatience is
,due to -.popular discontent with the present Govern
iment.fdisgust.with the incapacity of the Liberals and
thehope that Rosebery .will by .his speech reawaken
publicconfidence and prove himself to be fitted to
take chargej of the -affairs of the nation.
.Rarely have a great people been in such urgent
need- of a-leader the British people now. The
war .H South Africa, /which was expected to be "trou
blesome ; dut -not .dangerous," as General Buller said,
is; now ; more troublesome than ever, and/moreover,
has "become' decidedly dangerous. .Winston Churchill
very graphically: .described it by saying that at first
"if was like an open wound where the blood flowed
freely/but now it has become a festering wound and
threatens to poison- the empire." The manner in
which it has been waged has possibly been not more
severe than is necessary in dealing with guerrillas,
but it has had the effect of exciting against Great
Britain a large number. of persons in all parts of the.
civilized world. That popular hostility is not to be
ignored. It constitutes a very serious menace to
British interests and. may weaken alliances where'
Britain needs them most.
In addition to the gloomy outlook abroad, the do
mestic situation is anything but reassuring. The pub
lic debt is rapidly augmenting, taxes are heavier than
ever, and, moreover, a formidable competition with
British industries is appearing in the home market
itseM. The Ministry seems utterly incompetent to'
deal with the situation. Salisbury is old. and has be
come something like a pessimist, having no word of
cheer other than that of the utterance of a dogged
determination to see the war through. Chamberlain
has been found incompetent. His speeches have the
misfortune to make enemies for Great Britain instead
of making friends. No one else in the Ministry .has
any strength at all. The Liberals are equally deficient
in leadership. It is. therefore, Rosebery or nothing;
The man from whom the empire is expecting so
much and whose words to-day are waited for with
such anxiety is one of those children of fortune who
seem to have been born with. every good gift except
that of making a great use of it. His tutor at Eton
described him as a man- who, could easily win the
laurels if he would, but who would shrink from the
struggle, and the dust of the arena. Were he ani
mated by any of Roosevelt's delight in the "strenuous
life" (jie would be a leader indeed. It happens, how
ever, that he has none of it. He has more than once
expressed his dislike of government by party. He has
recently declared he would like to see the affairs
of Great Britain managed by business men like Car
negie and Lipton. Some time ago he announced that
he would ally himself with no party, but would "plow
his own furrow and stay in it." Now it is to be seen
what he has to offer in the way of leadership to the
nation.
The dispatches state that the desire to hear him is
so grea^that the hotels of Chesterfield began to fill
up with strangers last week, notwithstanding it was
announced that every seat in the hall where, the
speech is to be made had been already taken. Prob
ably it is the intention to give him a grand ovation
on the streets should he speak "like one having
authority." All things being taken into considera
tion, Rosebery has before him the, greatest opportu
nity that has been enjoyed by an orator in this gener
ation. If he be equal to the occasion he may be
Prime Minister of Great Britain before the coming
year closes. If lie fail, his political career will end in a
worse fiasco than that of Bryan.
THE SOUTH AND THE TARIFF.
BY- the report of the Democratic minority of the
.Ways and Means Committee of the House on
the Philippine bill it appears the opposi
tion is to attack the Administration on 1 general prin
ciples and not upon specific policies." There. was a
time when Democrats would have objected to the
proposed tariff because it would interfere with free
dom of trade. That they now evade that issue as far
as possible is an evidence they have learned some
thing. In fact, a Louisiana member of the commit
tee, who is as much a Democrat as any other in Con
gress, is in favor of imposing tariff duties upon im
ports from the Philippines. He is not going to sac
rifice the agricultural interests of his State for the
sake of making a Democratic platform.
There are other Democratic States as well as Lou
isiana that would be injuriously affected by the coni
petition of cheap labor were full freedom of trade
granted to the Philippines. It is for that reason,
more than any other, perhaps, that; the minority of
the Ways and Means Committee "denounce the so
called "imperial policy" as a whole instead of making
a straight fight for the free admission of Philippine
products. The demand of the minority is that the
Filipinos be fitted for self government and indepen
dence, and about all their report has to say of the
proposed tariff is: "We do not believe the trade we
are now obtaining or that we are likely to obtain
under our operations in the Philippines is worth what
we are paying for it." .
The delicate way in \\hich the Democrats have han
dled this issue may be significant of .what. would hap
pen should; the Northern wing of the Democratic
party take up the free trade issue again. It seems
clear they could no longer rely upon the support of
the solid South. , % A free trade campaign 'might split
the party in that" section as deeply as free silver split
it in the North. At the Massachusetts banquet, the
other day Henry Watterson said Kentucky niight yet
be a champion , of protection When Pennsylvania is
for free trade, and the saying is not without reason.
The South is no longer unanimous for free trade or
for anything that tends to it
WAITING : Fp;E ftoSEBERY.
QUEER GUIANA REPTILE
IS SENTINEL LIZARD
CURIOUS REPTILE OF GUIANA, KNOWN AS THE SENTINEL LIZ
ARD. IS GIVEN ITS NAME BECAUSE IT HISSES LOUDLY WHEN
EVER IT DISCOVERS A RATTLESNAKE OR A CROCODILE.
ONE of the most curious reptiles In the world is the so-called sentinel liz
ard of Guiana, this name being given to it because It hisses loudly when
ever it discovers a rattlesnake or a crocodile. The authorities of the
. Museumof Natural History In. Paris were extremely delighted when they
received word some time ago that M. Merwaert. a leading official in
French Guiana, was sending them a fine specimen. - and were correspondingly
disappointed on opening the box to find the lizard dead.
This lizard was more than four feet in length. If It had reached the mu
seum alive it is thought likely that it would have survived for several years,
as it could easily have been supplied with appropriate food, such as eggs, chop
ped meat and young birds.
The natives of Guiana say that the flesh of the sentinel lizard is very savory,
and the few Europeans who have tasted it agree with them. Their eggs, which
are, oval in shape and quite large, are also regarded as a great delicacy.
The scientific name of this lizard is "Tupinamble nigropunctatus," and "Teju
guacua," or simply "Teju," is the native name for It.
ANSWERS TO QUEKIES.
A. GOLDPIECE— Subscriber. Alameda,
Cal. There is no premium for a five-dollar
piece of 1S35.
POLISH CATHOLIC CHURCH— J. H..
City.' There is no Polish Catholic church
in San Francisco.
BY MON'TGOMERY-Reader, City. The
lines
To gather round an aching breast
The curtain of repose
Are from "The Time for Rest," by James
Montgomery, first verse.
AN OLD BIBLE-H., Oakland, Cal. A
Bible printed in Massachusetts in 1S03 is
worth just what a person desiring to be
possessed of the same would be willing to
give for It. There i3 no market price for
such a book.
GOLD QUARTERS— H. H. F., Granite
ville, Cal. What are called octagonal
halves and quarters, gold., are not United
States coins, but jewelers' tokens, that
were issued in California in the early
days. Such do not command a premium.
They are offered~for sale in this city for
25 cents for quarters and BO cents for
halves.
A DEED— A., Exeter. Cal. In California
the husband has absolute control of the
community property with the right of dis
position (except testamentary) the same
as of his own separate property, there
fore he can dispose of /the same without
the) signature of the wife, but cautious
buyers always insist on the wife signing
the deed.
RAILROAD EUCHRE— A. O. S.. City.
In railroad euchre if the blank card or
"joker" is turned for trump, the dealer
has the right of immediately naming any
suit for trumps, but this does not debar
him from the privilege of turning It down
when his turn comes to announce what
he will do. as in the regular game.
PROPERTY— C. E. S. H.. Oakland, Cal.
Community property Is that which Is ac
quired by husband and wife after mar
riage, except such as either may acquire
by gift or inheritance, which is separate
property. The property which either hus
band or wife was possessed of at the time
of marriage is not community property,
but the separate property of each.
THE CROCKER BUILDING FIRE^-
Subscrlber, City. The fire In the Crocker
building, on Bush street, near Sansome.
in which Martin Hanan, assistant fore- #
man, and Peter P. Healey. hoseman of
Engine No. 4. lost their lives, occurred on
the Stli of October. 1SS5, the alarm being
sounded at 2:0S a. m. The lire in the Ban
croft building, on Market street, between
Third and Fourth, occurred on the 30th of
April, 1SS6,- the alarm being sounded at
3:55 p. m.
THE SHIP EDWARD EVERETT— M.
H., Santa Cruz. Cal. J. W. Davis of Sac
ramento has kindly furnished the depart
ment of Answers to Correspondents the
following account of the pioneer ship Ed
ward Everett:
• Tho Edward Everett sailed from Boston Jan
uary 12. 1S19, with 1 112 passengers, and arrived
at San Francisco, via Cape Horn. Friday, July
6, 1949. Among the passengers was Rev. J.
A.Benton, a pioneer CongreKatlonallst minis
ter, and for many years pastor of the church
of that denomination in Sacramento. In an
anniversary sermon delivered July 12, 1SH,
speaking of the voyage of the Everett. Mr.
Benton said: "We left the harbor of Boston
early the morning of the 12th of January, 1843,
a brlsht. clear, winter day. the thermometer
having fallen below zero the preceding night.'
The voyage was not a swift one nor were its
incidents striking. We fell in with very few
vessels on the ocean. We did not see land ex
cept during our passage through the Straits. of
>Le Malre. . We made only one port on the way,'
that of Valparaiso, early in May. We were
there about a week. The Gold-hunter's Log.
a weekly, was published on board of the ship.
The most tedious part of the voyage was from
Valparaiso up. because It was protracted by
calms and head winds and because our anxiety
to have it end speedily added to our sense of
tedium. When our . anchor dropped in San
Francisco Bay we had been six months on the
way. lacking one week. During .the days we
remained at the bay our home was still on
the ship, and In her we ran up as far as Ben;
cla on the lOth'of July, sailing. slowly enough
to enjoy all the. beauty of the fine scenery, the
islands, the rocks, the blue water, tha San
Pablo expanse. | the Carqulnez | opening, tho
lifting un of the hills, the towering head of
Mount Diablo. We were two days in Benlcla.
The . ship was to remain - there. We left her
on the morning of the 12th and few of us have
ever seen her since. ■ though the imsression Is
that she is BtiH afloat somewhere."
The last record that there Is of the ves
sel in San Francisco Is furnished by A. J.
Coolidge. formerly secretary of the Mer
chants' Exchange, which Is that she
sailed from t this port for Callao April 12,
1850. Wlllard B. Farwell, who was. one
of the passengers on the vessel In '49, one
of the few still living, has no informa
tion of what became of her after the dato
last given. , -,:w, >;
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 70 pages and will weigh 17
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as follows: ;
: Domestic. ; . . . 5 cents
Foreign. . .............. .9 cents
; HOTEL DEL CORONADO, choicest Wlntei
Resort in the world, offers best living, climate,
boating, bathing," fishing . and : most amuse
jueuta. E. S. Babcock, manager, Coronado, Cal.
PERSONAL MENTION.
) Ex-State- Senator E. C. Voorhles is at
the Palace.
J. F. Parks, a mining man of Jackson,
is located at the Palace.
J. H. Corcoran, an attorney of Mari
posa, is staying at the Lick.
C. S. Fitch, a mining man of Salmon
River, is a guest at the Lick.
George E. Church, an attorney of
Fresno, is registered at the Calif ornla.
W. T. Summers, a banker of Juneau,
Alaska, is a late arrival at the Califor
nia. . .
D." McM. Ross, a well-known mining
man of Virginia City, is at the Occi
dental.
P. F. Plowden, an insurance man of
Portland, is making a brief stay at the
Occidental.
Domingo Salinas, a wealthy planter of
Leon, Nicaragua, is at the Occidental
with his wife. •
P. Glasgow, a prominent merchant of
Los Angeles, is at the Lick, accompanied
by his daughter.
B. P. Brooks, largely interested In oil
properties, is registered at the Palace
from Bakersfield.
Choice candies. Townsend's Palace Hotel.*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. *
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c, 40c. Look out
for 81 4th st-. front barber and grocery. •
Townsend's. California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Japi bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern triends
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men ty the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
At a rough estimate the total amount
of Income taxes which Americans in Eng
land are compelled to pay for John Bull's
support is J5.000.000 a year. AH whose In
comes are below $S0O a year escape free.
"The Overland Limited." via Union Pacific
R. R.. Is the only train making connection in
Chicago with the fast Express Trains leaving
Chicago in the morning for New York. By
this Route you can remain in San Francisco
until 10 a. m., reaching 1 Chicago six hours
quicker than on any other Limited Train. This
train runs Every Day in the Year. D. W.
Hitchcock. Gen. Agt.. No. 1 Montgomery St.,
S. F. .
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of the: —
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BASLB, SWITZERLAND, ON THE
aist day of December. A. D. WOO. and for
the year ending on that day as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of tha State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and All of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by "Company $CS0.ft2» 00
Cash In Company's 'Office 3«> 48
Cash In Banks H7 07S IMJ
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,16C 07
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 6C159 21
Total Assets ". $S36.2S3 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $15,337 SS
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 17.502 73
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 3 9S5 C8
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one .year or less. S.107.025 20;
reinsurance r>0 per cent 153.B12 03
Cross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $130,-
134 17: reinsurance pro rata .'. 63 7S4 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
eto *.*•.-.......-...«.*......„ . ftf*4 tit
All other liabilities ',. 31,122 40
Total Liabilities $290. S20 S3
INCOME^
Net cash actually received for fire
: premiums S3SO.3O1 72
Received for Interest 'and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 23 087 If
Total Income $404,378 S3
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losaea
(Including $M. t II 7.S. losses of pre-
vious year*) t-y-o «» fln
Paid or allowed for Commission or -?J* '"
Brokerage ;:*' in ft<« -a
Pal.l for Salaries. Fees. Rnfl other ™
Charges for officer*, clerks, eto I rsic <v»
Paid for Slate. National and Locai
"taxes .;........ 2 ori -o
All other payments and expend*!-
ture8 •- ■/'■:■ i.Sffl on
Total Expenditures $407,40!) 12
Losses Incurred during the year.... $354 a&f'ja
Risk and Premiums. Fire Risks Premium!
Net amount of Risks " ~~* '
written during; tlie
: ;; f** T ' • • ?*2.«07.n2S $r,<>2 370 m
Net amount of Rl«k» . ♦•""•<*' s> w
•Wr 1 "'*'' durinp the
NeT^mouVt "r.;"forc; 42 - ft27Bl ° «^«
December 3i. JftOQ.... OT.88a.7W 437.1W) 43
SAML. R. WEED (of Weed & Kennedy).
- Subscribed and ,wom to before m^hfs^ih.n,
day of January. l»oi. p. riSHBECK
", b-vt • «/-v .r. Notary Publ"«c
512 & CO.. O«neral Agents,
Sao Francisco. CaL
GRIEVANCES
OF WARRANT
MACHINISTS
Engineer-in-Chfef George W. Melvillo
has somewhat modified his views ex
pressed two years ago In relation to tha
warrant machinist corps established in
1S0D to take the place of the commissioned
engineer officers in the engine-room,
which had been transferred, to the Una
corps.' Chief Melville then said: "With
the official elevation which comes with
a warrant there is not unreasonable ap
prehension that these m'?n will desire a
severance from actual manual care of
the machinery of our ships, and will ex
pect to act merely as engineering super
visors below. This, of course, would Le
wholly inconsistent with the Interests of
the service. • * • Clear and definite
regulations are needed tn this point at
the start, in order that no ambiguity may
foster discontent with simple duty. or lead
to hopes of further offlci&l elevation." On
October 1 last he complains that warrant
machinists are discriminated against, and
that their advancement, open to ,cM*nov
warrant officers, should be equallS\ as
great. As two gunners ha.ve recently been
promoted to ensigns. Chief Melville'a
recommendation Is not rJone proper and
fair but indicates a decided change o£
opinion in two years.
There were four prominent naval archi*
tects mentioned as possible successors to
the post of Director of Naval Construc
tion in the British admiralty, from, whidx
Sir "William H. White tas resigned, anj
to which Philip Watts has succeeded.
There was Chief Constructor H. E. Dead
man of the navy, at present time senior
chief constructor In the admiralty, receiv
ing a salary of $3750; another was J. W.
Shepherd of the London and Glasgow 1
Shipbuilding Company on the Clyde; Pro
fessor J. H. Biles of the Glasgow Univer
sity, an eminent naval expert, was also)
said to be a candidate, while Philip Watts,
formerly a constructor In the navy anil
now holding a -similar pcsitlon In the Els
wick Company, was not so desirous o£
succeeding Sir William. The regular sal
ary of the Director of Naval Construc
tion was $7500 a year, but in 1SS3, when
Nathaniel Barnaby retired and William
White, then at Elswlck, was selected to
succeed Barnaby. an additional sum o£
$5000 was offered as an Inducement to ac
cept the office. The present pay df $12,-«
600 will therefore mos- likely be con
tinued. Philip Watts, the new Director
of Naval Construction, Is beyond docrbt
the most skillful and successful naval
architect and builder of warships, lie
shares with William White tho honor of
designing the first modern war vessel— tha
Chilean cruiser Esmeratda— the introduc
tion of which has revolutionized all
navies and made obsolete all vessels built
prior to 1883. It Is just possible that his*
services In the admiralty may not prova
so effective and valuable as they were
with the Elswick firm owing to the red
tape, rules and regulations prevailing in.
government affairs, and which hamper
"rather than • encourage individual efforts.
Two very fast cruisers will probably
be included in the next British naval es
timates. It is said that they are- to ba
of the Novik type, built In. Germany for
Russia, and of which two more are build-
Ing at St. Petersburg. Thia remarkablo
vessel, which is in reality a gigantic tor
pedoboat. Is 348 feet in length, 40 feet
beam and displaces 3200 tons on a draught
of 16 feet. She has triple screws of 1S.00O
horsepower to give a speed of 25 knots.
The armament consists of six 4.7
inch rapid nrers. eight 3-pounders,. two
Maxims and six a be ve- water torpedo
tubes. The vessel was launched August
13, 1900, and has passed through her triai^J
the details of which have not yet been
made public. . .
The British cruisers Hyacinth and Mi
nerva are to> have a nothet competitive
trial, this time to determine the relative
efficiency of the engines. The former trial
was held to ascertain the merit3 of the
Belleville boiler over that of the Scotch
boiler. The propellers will be removed
from both ships and the engines run to
ascertain the horsepower lost in friction,
after which the propellers will be replaced
and the vessels will, In company, pass
through a series of trials at sea ~at vari
ous speeds.
Four submarine boats building- at Bar
row for the British navy will .be launched
before New Year. Of tfce seven submarine
boats contracted for by the United States
In August of last year only two have been
launched, and they ara now from six to
eight months behind contract time.
Twenty vessels will shortly be contract
ed for by the Admiralty In conformity
with the approved m.val estimates toe
Great Britain.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
—OF THE M
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— -OF T'HB— —
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND. ON THB
31st day of December, A. D. 1900, an
for the year endlnsr on that day, as roads t*
the Insurance Commissioner of the State ofi
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by tha Com-
missioner. "
ASSET3.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and -•
Bonds owned by Company $712,577 SO
Cash In Company's Office isn id
Cash In Banka ." CS.sai SZ
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 8 291 67
Premiums in due Course of Collection 87.770 it
Total Assets $387,637 St
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $12,656 39
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense I7.0S2 21
Losses resisted. Including- expenses. 5.250 00
Gross premiums on I?lre Risks run-
ning one year or less. S372.TS2 02* - v - -'-■"
reinsurance SO per cent .' 1S6.376 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $137.-
853 00: reinsurance pro rata 73.050 13
All other liabilities 42,293 4»
Total Liabilities $33S.£wi2
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $i3S,512 94
Received for Interest and" dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from < ■&• •
all other sources 21,863 63
Total Income $460,373 63
EXPEND ITL'REa
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (ln-
cludlnst 5G0.022 23. losses ot pre- -
vlou s years) $371,706 63
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage *. 120.913 23
Paid for Salaries. Feei and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,000 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ' 12.469 39
All other payments and expenditures 10,7$<> 90
Total Expenditures $327. Wtt S3
■ Fire.
Losses Incurred during tha year $326.740 60)
Risks and Premiums. Tire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks >
written during the
year $33,162,147 $616.503 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 3S,364,7« 504.653 01
Net amount In force
December 31. 1000. 42.457.3t0 810.705 03
SAML. R. WEED ,
(Of Weed & Kennedy). Mana&^j.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thJ^jth
day ot February. t!H11.
F. FISHBECK. Nr.tary Public
STZ & CO.. General Agent*.
- San Francisco. Cal.
WeeklTcall^l^pepYearPLEA FOR STATE
CIVIL SERVICE
J. R. Freud Addresses a
Large Audience on
Merit System. •
— h
Declares the City Must Own
and Control All Pub
lic Utilities.
"Municipal Civil Service'.! was the sub
ject of an address delivered before a large
audience last «ventn« at the Metropolitan
Temple by J. Ricr..— d FreTvJ. The speak
er in upholding tb , nerit ;. t tem declared
k: to be as demo atic aifU American in
desire and sent: .lent as^r the common
school system of ducatiori£yet there was
a false sentiment existing^ in some who
attributed to the civil service system
something that was aristocratic. There
could be no greater fallacy, and as an in
stance the speaker illustrated the intelli
gence and high capacity of letter carriers,
all of whom showed and proved their
capability to obtain and hold their re
sponsible offices. In the merit system
mere was nothing that was complex, or
mysterious or intricate.
Business men practiced It every day,
the speaker said, when they demanded to
know the fitness of those who sought em
ployment. They did not inquire into a
man s political opinions, but they de
manded that he must be able to discharge
his duties efficiently. There was nbthing
of a partisan character in the merit sys
tem. Politics was formidably against civil
service, he declared, and would crush it,
but the people were strenuously in its
favor. 1o Andrew Jackson and Van Bu
ren he a.tributed the spoils system and
since Jackson, Presidents, one after the
other, hand condemned and deplored ap
pointments other than by merit.
There was no place on earth where the
people held the destinies of a city in their
hands as didihe citizens of San Francisco,
Mr.. Freud declared. It was necessary
for them to uphold and further the merit
system, which would assure them honesty
and efficiency in office. Of late years
things had changed somewhat and the
political bosses had not the power they
had in the past, yet California was slow
to see its way clear on the subject. It
was a "spoils State" given over to "spoils
■politics."
The lecturer cited as Instances of his
charges the administration of the harbor,
the hospitals and the prisons and remind
ed his hearers that a doctor who had
served the State for twenty years had
been turned out of office in the twinkling
of an eye through politics. He hoped that
California would soon have a State civil
service law as has New Tork, Illinois and
Massachusetts.
The speaker illustrated the advance
ment of cities in England. France, Ger
many and Austria, where municipalities
owned and operated public utilities and
declared that the people of this city had
voted for a similar municipal control.
Copies of the jreat Christmas edi
tion can. be obtained from all agents.
newsdealers, newsboys and at the
Business Office of this paper.
Officers of Foresters' Court.
MONTEREY, Dec. 15.-Court Del Monte
No. 47, Foresters of America, has elected
officers for the ensuing year as follows:
A. R. King, chief ranger; R. C. Sargent,
sub-chief ranger; F. J. Kelley. senior
woodward; David Miller, junior wood
ward; D. Donelson. financial secretary;
J. Lachman, recording secretary; Dr. A.
M. Stafford, treasurer; William Hunt,
senior beadle; L. D. Lacey, junior beadle;
F E. Skinner, captain of the guard; F.
Olarh, trustee.
JEFFERSON'S SON
IS INSUFFICIENT
Pails to Reach Father's
Standard as Rip
Van Winkle.
Theaters Are Preparing to
Present Their Holiday
Attractions.
Not even the name of a Jefferson in
connection with "Rip Van Winkle"
served to attract the multitudes to the
California Theater last night, nor to be
dazzle the slim audience that did make
its appearance^ It was not the great
man himself, but Thomas Jefferson, his
son that pictured the- immortal "Rip,"'
and that was perhaps what was the mat
ter with the audience, as well as with Mr.
Jefferson himself. He is the son of a
great man and is trying to fill a pair of
very large shoes witn a No. 6 foot.
The day of the play has perhaps gone
as a medium for cramming houses, and
even the ushers had the soft pedal on
last nignt so far as applause was con
cerned, yet in "Rip" mere is one of the
shrewdest and most picturesque charac
ter studies ever conceived, the opportuni
ty of a lifetime for a player like Joe
Jefferson. It is not his son's big chance,
evidently, though the part is played
agreeably by fcir. Jetierson. But it 13 a
negative sort *of conception, pitched in
too low key and lacking in body and
roundness. It is not sufficiently genial,
not sufficiently tragic, not sufficiently
anvthing, and though it is nothing that it
should not be, Mr. Jefferson's Rip is by
no means all that it should be. He has
a modicum of all the necessary qualities,
the dry, shrewd humor, the jovial irre
sponsibility, the persuasive lovableness,
the easy weakness of the village vaga
bond, but not enough of anv one of them.
His work in the later scenes is his best
and as the returned Rip, a broken old
man, he comes out rather strongly.
The company supporting Mr. Jefferson
is one of the dustiest. Gretchen is cari
catured out of all recoggnition by Mar
garet Hayward, and the rest of the char
acters fare equally hard at the hands
ci the rest of the company. Eugene
Brown as Meenle is a bright spot, how
ever.
At the Columbia Theater Jefferson de
Angel's will continue for a week more
in the operatic success "A Royal Rogue."
De Angelis is a very amusing comic
opera star and as he is surrounded by a
lot of capable people the performance Is
one of strong interests. It will be given
for the last time on Sunday night.
Interest is already being shown in the
engagement of Mary Mannering in
"Janice Meredith"- at the Columbia The
ater. The opening performance will take
place next Monday night, and from pres
ent appearances the audience will be a
large and fashionable one. Miss Man
nering is one of our most beautiful and
talented stars and her play has proven
eminently successful. The production
shown during the run of the piece at
Wallack's Theater, New York, will be
brought here.
To-night the Tivoli Comic Opera, Com
pany will return to the popular opera
house and will present Ferris Hartman's
new Christmas extravaganza, "Little Red
Riding Hood." The fantasy is in Hart
man's best style, breezy, up-to-date and
full of good things. He has a part as
King Fire Fly that should fit all his
peculiarities v-ithout a wrinkle, and has
provided the rest of the company with
roles that show them at their best. Miss
Florence Chapman, who has the title
role. Is a newcomer, and said to be of th«
very promising: kind. Annie Myers will
be Boy Blue, with all - her customary
December 1st, 1901, San Francisco had ONE TELEPHONE to every 12 people.
January 1st, 1901, St. Petersburg, (Russia), had one telephone to every 283 people.
Vienna, (Austria), had one telephone to every 120 people.
London. (England), had one telephone to every 111 people.
Philadelphia, (Pa ), had one telephone to every 96 people.
Paris, (France), had one telephone to every 82 people.
Chicago, (111), had one telephone to every 64 people.
New York City, had one telephone to every 49 people.
Stockholm, (Sweden), had one telephone to every 13 people.
DURING 1902 WE HOPE TO PLACE A TELEPHONE IN EVERY
HOUSEHOLD IN SAN FRANCISCO.
* » . ■...
216 BUSH STREET, San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1901.
SOME NOTABLE SOCIAL AFFAIRS
TO OCCUR DURING PRESENT WEEK
I NEVER met another debutante •who
has such a thoroughly good time
as Miss Kathryn Robinson. She is
at the very top notch of happiness
every time you see her. It is a
standing joke among ' her girl
friends that she, has invariably just
had "the time of her life." She is asked
everywhere. Never was a debutante more
sought after, and it is not to be wondered
at, for she is quite unconscious of her
beauty, but ever bubbling over with de
light, and her frank, childlike enthusiasm
is truly refreshing.
Miss Robinson will give what she
chooses to call "a little informal after
noon" next Sunday for the debutantes,
and it is needles to say she has no idea
'of leaving out the men.
* * *
It will be a long time before San Fran
cisco will have such another tea as the
one given by Mrs. Towne and Mrs. Wor
den last Saturday afternoon. Everything
was perfectly appointed and showed every
thoughtful consideration of the guests,
who in return paid their hostesses th-j
compliment of looking their very best.
When has there been such a display of
jewels and laces at a tea before?
The gowns, too, were superb. " Mrs.
Towne, with her usual modesty, wore an
all-black gown of spangltd tulle, a sim
ple mauve velvet flower in her hair being
the only touch of color. Several hand
some diamond ornaments completed tho
toilet.
Mrs. Worden's gown was well chosen.
It was of soft cream wool with exquisite
Valenciennes lace and insertion. Her col
lar was solely of jewels — one row of large
diamonds, two strings of pearls and a
small gold chain studded with d.amonds.
One of the most ethereal gowns was the
pale blue chiffon creation worn by Mrs.
Fletcher F. Ryer, who assisted in receiv
ing. There were clouds of lilmy gauze
that would almost have blown away but
for the wealth of duchesse lace. There
was a wide lace flounce at the 'feet, and
the bodice was also elaborately trimmed.
Mrs. Henry J. CrocKer wore a stylish
gown of white brocaded satin and that
wonderful necklace of hers. It is a wide
collar— a trellis work of diamonds with
a tiny diamond rosette at the corner of
each square, and a pearl in the center o'f
each, giving the effect of three strings
of pearls and a number of rows of dia
monds^ A new boa she wore was very
much/ admired. It was a full, fluffy af
fair made of scores of white silk poppy
petals, all fastened loosely together.
I wonder if Mrs. E. R. Diamond knew
how stunning she looked in that^elegant
black satin cloak which she has just
brought from New york? It was long,
with white revers all the way down the
front. The broad collar and revers were
of rich Irish point lace over white satin.
The bell sleeves turned back and showed
the same white facings. The cloak fas
tened with four black velvet rosettes with
rhlnestone buttons in the centers.
• • •
For this week we have the Preston-
sprightliness. Arthur Cunningham has a
congenial role as Prince True Blue, Ed
ward Webb is cast as one of the wicked
barons he does so well, Harry Cashman
will not be found wanting as Red Riding
Hood's grandmother, and Harry Kava
nagh is the indispensable wolf of the
cast.
There are ballets, topical songs, bur
lesques and specialties of all kinds and
a gorgeous transformation scene to cap
the climax.
The Grand Opera-house revives this
week what has been one of the most
popular revivals of the Empire Theater
Company last season Sardou's "Diplo
macy," with Minnie Seligman as the
Countess Zicka. Miss Seligman will be
supported by the full strength of the
Grand Opera-house stock company, in
eluding Herschel Mayall as Henri Beau
clerc. William Bernard as Count OrlofC
and Laura Nelson Hall as Dora. This is
the third week of Miss Seligman's season
Ames wedding, Miss Maude Cluff's lunch
eon for Miss Gertrude Jack, Mrs. James
Otis' tea for Mrs. Page and her daugh
ter. Miss Nokes' tea for Miss Mabel
Kane, the Campbell tea in honor of Mrs.
Robert Campbell, Miss Mabel Hogg's de
but at" a tea given by her mother at
their Sacramento street home, Miss Ro
wena Burns' luncheon for Miss Jack,
Mrs. Herrin's tea to introduce her
daughter, Miss Kate, and the Christmas
cotillon of the Fortnightly.
and the most popular bill so far pre
sented.
"The Gay Mr. LIghtfoot," a new far
cical play by Louis de Lange and Lee
Arthur, will serve to show the versatile
Alcazar Company on its comedy side this
week. "The Gay Mr. Lightfoot" comes
with the record of a long and successful
run at the Bijou Theater, New York,
and is said to be full of original and
wholesome humor, comical situations and
fun of all kinds. Juliet Crosby, Marion
Convere, Margaret Wycherley, Frank
Bacon, Marie Howe, Howard Scott and
M. L. Alsop will be- in the cast and will
take ample care of all there is in the
play. "Charley's Aunt" will be the holi
day bill.
Melodrama gives way to farce at the
Central this week, when the evergreen
"Muldoon's Picnic" will go on. Accord
ing to a custom becoming popular with
the Central Theater, up-to-date special-
ONE OF THE MOST POPULAR
DEBUTANTES OF THE SEA
SON.
ties will be introduced and the bill should
give the usual satisfaction to Central
patrons. Harry Conlon, James Corrigan,
Georgie Cooper, Annette Marshall and
Margaret Marshall aro among the thirty
people that the cast calls for, and will
each furnish his or her quota of the
fun in which the piece abounds. "The
Silver King" will be the holiday attrac
tion.
-Among the entertainers at Fischer's
Concert House this week are Mme. Char
ity Martin, prima donna soprano, and
CARS BATTERED
IN A COLLISION
Passengers Fortunately
Escape Any Serious
Injuries.
Accident Occura on Corner
of Sutter and Devisa
dero Streets.
Either through a faulty brake or greasy
track or neglect. on the part of a motor
man to observe the rule of right-of-way,
a collision occurred yesterday morning
about 10:30 at the corner of Devisadero
and Sutter streets between a Devisadero
street car bound north and a Sutter-street
car going east.
Each car carried a good number of pas
sengers and when the crash came and
the dummy was thrown from the tracks
it was feared that some had been injured.
That they escaped with nothing more
than a severe shaking and shock was
fortunate, for the front of each car
shows the force of the collision.
Among the passengers was M. Cohen
of 1516 Devisadero street, who testifies
to the narrow escape of the occupants of
the cars from serious injuries. . An elderly
lady, seeing a collision was inevitable,
attempted to leap from the northbound
car, but was forcibly held back by Cohen.
The officials of the Sutter-street line
claim right-of-way and cannot under
stand how it was that the cars came into
collision.
Defective Flue Causes Fire.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 15.— A fire caused by a
defective nue broke out in the McAnney
residence, 2848 Central avenue, this after
noon. The building was damaged to the
extent of several hundred dollars.
Sig. G. S. Wanrell, basso cancante, who
wi.l be heard in solos and duets; the
Paloma Ladies' Quartet of singers: Ivan
Trepoka, a Russian specialty dancer;
Deming and Carroll, sketch artists; the
Mullaly sisters, singers and novelty
dancers, and Charles Stanley and Anuta
Walton in their amusing skit, "Mrs.
O'Grady's Washday." Hinrlchs' orches
tra will render an entire new programme.
The new bill which opens at the
Chutes to-day includes Bicknell, the
famous clay modeler who appeared at
the Orpheum a short time ago; Brown
and Lancaster, comedians and dancers;
Alma Wutrich, juvenile comedienne; Al
Hazzard, ventriloquist; Montgomery and
Evans, song illustrators, and the Lockos
bag punchers. A series of new moving
pictures will also be shown.
J. Sherrie Matthews and Nonna Whal
ley continue as the main attraction this
week at the Orpheum. All of the addi
tions to the bill are extraordinarily good,
and the Dumond Parisian Minstrels, play
ing their final week, still keep the audi
ences convulsed.
Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane appear in
a dainty comedietta entitled "A Happy
Pair." The dialogue is especially clever,
and their acting thoroughly finished. "A
Happy Pair" was cordially received, and
is one of the best skits of its sort seen
this year.
Rose and Jeanette, two very talented
juvenile dancers, do an act replete with
grace and daintiness. Flo Irwin and
Walter Hawley remain for the week, and
their humorous conceit. "Caught With
the Goods." is very popular.
Norwood brothers open the programme
with a good specialty on triple horizontal
and Mrs. Walter E. Deaves con
clude it with an act of attractive fea
tures.
SEES IN 'PHONE
WHO IS TALKING
Former American In
vents Remarkable
Spectograph.
Person Conversing Over Wire
Gets a V2ew of His In
terfiocutor.
Special cable to T he Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Compa .ny.
BRUSSELS. Dec. 15.— The Independence
Beige says tb at Dr. Sylvestre, born an
American but naturalized as a French
man, has invented a spectrograph which
enables a person using a telephone to see
his interlocutor and the latter's surround
ings.
A French Minister, according to the
paper, has witnessed conclusive tests of
the invention and King Leopold has ar
ranged a sd eciai audience for Dr. Sylves
tre for the purpose of inspecting' it. It i3
said that the instrument can be adapted
for use on an ordinary telegraph wire.
CLAIMS HIS ARREST IS
THE BESTJI/r OP A JOKE
H. 21. Thomtom Says He Took Sirs.
Den.ton'.s Purse With the In
tention of Returning It.
A man who gave his name as II. M.
Thomtom at the North End Police Sta
tion was arrested last night by Officer
Dugan and charged with grand larceny.
He is accused, of having extracted $-J
from a purse belonging to Mrs. H. 3.
Denton, wao resides at 1054 Bush street.
Thomtom vigorously denied the charge
and protested that his arrest was the re
sult of a practical joke which ho waa try
ing to perpetrate on a friend.
According to the story told to the polica
by Mrs. H. S. Denton, the man under ar
rest came to her house yesterday and
requested to see J. Miller, one of her ten
ants. Thomtom' informed- Mrs. Dentorx
that Miller was a friend of his. As Miller
was not in at the time/ that Thomtom
called, the landlady invited him in • to
await Miller's arrival. While he was in
the house and- before Miller's return. Mrs.
Denton. says that she missed a purse con
taining $81) that was In. the room whero
Thomtom was waiting. She accused him
of having taken the purse. He at first de
nied the accusation, but afterward pro
duced the missing article. But Mrs. Den
ton claims that wiien the purse was re
turned to her $20 of the money was miss
ing.
At the Police Station Thomtom denied
that he had extracted the money and
said that he bad ■ taken the purse only
as a joke. He claimed that he intended
to return it as soon as It was missed.
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Its quality tells the story. ■ ■'-':_' j *
LATE SHIPPING^INTrTLLIGEJfCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. December 13.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, 04 hours from
Coos Bay. -. .
Stmr Marshfleld (new), Christensen, 34 hours
from Coos Bay.
Stmr Leelenaw, Monroe. 15 days 1» hours
from Panama.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. S hours from Bo
dega.
Roger, King of Italy, Is said to h&ve In
troduced the silk culture Into that coun
try about 1146.
56
SPORTS OF THE DIAMOND, COURSING FIELD, GRIDIRON AND TENNIS COURTS
HONORS ARE WON
BY COLD SHIVERS
Fast Greyhound Annexes
Union Park Open
Stake.
Lively Pace of Strong Hares
Gives Coursers Hard
Running.
Storl & Knowles' fast young greyhound
Cold Shivers, winner of the last Cali
fornia Futurity, captured first honors in
the open stake yesterday at Union Cours
ing Park. Too much credit cannot be
given the game youngster for his last
victory, when his fast company in the
class event is considered.
The hares furnished for the stake were
a fast lot. even livelier than those of the
preceding day. From the opening course
they set a heart breaking pace for their
pursuers and as the stake progressed
teemed to show increasing speed.
In the first round Cold Shivers was
slipped with Hickory Dick, his opponent
in the Futurity iinal. The pair were sent
after a jack that was more than their
equal in speed and were still In pursuit
•when the time limit was up. Relief dogs
joined in and at the end of the course
coiu Shivers was given the decision. The
hard work told plainly on the victor and
no one looked for him to respond for the
next round. The game youngster recov
ered sufficiently, nowever, to outpoint
fclim in his next go and foilowed by Deal
ing Freda C in a close course.
After a bye in the fourth round Cold
Shivers beat Sacramento Boy pointless
in the semi-rinal and earned tfie rigrht to
contest lor the last flag. Faraway, who
had been fortunate in getting short
courses had reached the bottom, of the
card and the talent made him a 5 to 3
lavorite over the harder run Cold
fcmvers. Faraway showed the speed,
boored the first five points and stumbled,
cola Shivers got in and by his game
and determined efforts landed the stake
after a severe course.
Sacramento Boy looked the best dog
in the stake for a time, but fell a victim
to coursing luck. In every trial the
clever dog was forced to a long run until
In the fourth round. In a bye with Can
delaria, a 1 to '2 favorite, he won a course
that virtually proved his undoing.
Palo Alto, the stake favorite, was with
drawn after the second round, he, too,
being overworked by the fast hares.
Slipper "Jim" Grace scored a hit by
clever work in ending courses when
the contestants and relief dogs were out
footed by the hares. On four occasions
after the hounds had been run to a
standstill the athletic young slipper
picked up the hare as it passed his sta
tion and throwing it over the fence
stopped a killing course.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open Ftakp. first round — J. M. Carroll's Mas
ter CiaJr be&t George Xethercott's Red Kock.
JO-6; J. H. Perigo's Faraway beat P. M. Clark
pon's Sofala, 4-1; Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
let« beat J. M. Haltoii's May Hempstead, 12-4;
George Sharman's Firm Fellow beat J. II.
Carroll's Auckland. 11-5; D. J. Healey's Tapi
oca beat A. K. Curtis' Loyal Lad, 16-8; E.
«parj''» Palo Alto beat George Knlsht'«
15-12; A. R. Curtis' Fly by Night
lwat C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud, 5-1; F.
Jones' Harlean Gladys beat J. M. Connell's
St. Helen, 18-12; A. Vanderwhite'F Flora Mo-
Uonald beat J. J. Keenan's Dread Not, 7-4:
Grorge Eharman's Black Flush beat D. J.
Healey*E Fine Form. 6-4; J. F. Badt's lxvrtna
beat Oorge Sharman's Warship, 6-3; H.
Lynch's Merrimac beat F. Jones' Wedsewood,
4-2; Pasha Kennels' Real Article a bye; H.
Lynch's A. J. Martin beat Ed Neave'B First
Toot. 9-5: Ed' Neave's Spiteful heat J. Dow
ling's Sir Lawrence, 13-9; T. J. Cronin's Van
dal beat E, Parkinson's Ben Lomond, <>-4; Ed
Neave's "VVeddintr Bells beat D. J. Healey's
TIburon. JR-11: H. H. Gray's Rona beat D. J.
Healey's EUsta. 12-10; B. Silva's Master
Rocket beat Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist,
12-10; George fiharman's St. Ives beat D. Mul
larkey's Mamie Pleasant, tt-5; Joe Shea's Slim
beat George Sharman's Sir Pasha, 8-4; Stprl
& Knowles' Cold Shivers beat George Nether
cott's Hickory Dick, 18-11; C. Bonar's Wild
Norah beat Ed Neave's Castaway. 16-11;
Georgre Nethercotfs Freda C beat Kelley &
Hanley's Naughty Girl, 18-8; A. R. Curtis'
Oandelaria a bye: T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy
beat Ed Neave's Daisy Clair. 4-2; George Shar
man's Gold Bug beat E. Reddy's Full Moon.
11-3: D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy beat George
Shinnan's Hot Haste. 18-5.
Second round — Faraway beat Master Clair,
3-0; Roman Athlete beat Firm Fellow. 8-3;
Palo Alto beat Tapioca, 1R-5; Fly by Night beat
Harlean Gladys. 12-5; Flora McDonald beat
Black Flush, tt-2: Merrimac beat Lovina. 17-7;
TteaJ Article beat Spiteful. 5-4: A. J. Martin
brat Vandal. 12-4; Rona beat Wedding Bells.
5-4; Master P.ockct beat St. Ives. 13-11 ; Cold
Shivers beat Slim, <5-3; Freda C beat "Wild
Norah, 12-6; Tralee Boy beat Candelaria. 7-3;
Sacramento Boy a bye.
Third round — Faraway beat Roman Athlete,
«-2; Fly by Nisrht a bye; Flora McDonald beat
Merrimac, 22-12; Real Article beat A. J. Mar
tin. 11-9; Master Rocket beat Rona. 24-7; Col-1
Shivers beat Freda C 7-6; Sacramento Boy beat
Tralee Boy. 15-12.
Fourth round — Faraway beat Fly by Night,
5-4; Real Article a bye; Cold Shivers a bye;
Sacramento Boy a bye.
Fifth round — Faraway a bye; Cold Shivers
beat Sacramento Boy. 14-0.
Deciding course — Cold Shivers beat Faraway,
GEORGE JAMES CAPTURES
HAUDBALL CHAMPIONSHIP
George James Is the handball champion
of the Olympic Athletic Club. He earned
the title yesterday by defeating Jack
Gleason. the score being 20-21, 21-6, 21-8.
In the first game James took the lead but
Gleason tied the score at 10. From that
until the finish it was one of the hard
est contested games of the tournament.
Gleason won the first game but it was
at the expense of his strength. The sec
ond and third games were won by James
in clever style.
This marked the close of the success
ful tournament which has been in pro
cress during the past three weeks. Jam^s
did not lose a game. Gleason was de
feated by Russ but In return defeated
him. Gleason played well but James*
superior condition carried him through
to victorj*. An interested crowd of spec
tators watched the exciting contest yes
terday. *
The games played at San Francisco
court resulted as follows:
Dan McDonald and M. McLeod..21 17 *>l *»l
P. Mclntyre and M. McNeil 15 21 12 13
P. Te.!* an<2 M. Kirby 21 21 19 21
J. Klrby and J. Foley 18 14 21 15
M. Ryan anfl P. B. Lynch 21 17 «»1 21
J. Kennedy and J. McGee 14 21 18 20
J. Lawless and D. Connelly. .21 21 16 14 21
M. Joyce and W. Williams.. 17 19 21 21 13
E. White and R. Regli 21 12 51
A. Whitcman and W. Mitchell "17 «1 19
J. McNamara and J. Man
ninjr 21 16 21 19 «i
\V. Cummings and J. Bol- ' -
ster 13 21 11 21 17
J. Harlow and TV. Kelly 21 18 •>% 21
P. Kelly and G. Hutchinson 16 21 20 17
J. White and M. J. Kilgailon.,21 21 15 «>i
J. C. NeaJon and E. Curley 16 18 21 19
,T. C. Nealcn •>! 21
E. Curley ig ltt
Du Pont Powder.
Black Sporting,
Mining and
Smokeless.
Ask your dealer for
Shaffo Loaded Du Pont
iloHo With Smokeless
C. A. HAIGHT, Agent,
226 Market St., S.F.
SENATORS LOSE
A CLOSE GAME
>
Meet Defeat in an Inter
esting Game With
All-Americas.
Circus Catches by Sheehan
and Barrett Enliven
the Contest.
The All-America baseball stars added
two more to their string- of victories yes
terday, shutting out the Oakland team
in the morning and defeating the Sena
tors by a 3-2 score at Recreation Park in
the afternoon.
v "Rube" Waddell struck out eleven men
and fielded his position well until the last
inning, when he intercepted a ball intend
ed to shut off a runner at second. The
ball hit the big pitcher's glove and bound
ed out of reach, Devereaux scoring and
McLaughlin going to second. Before the
score could be tied, however, Stricklett
flew out, ending the game.
Leaving aside the errors, and each team
made glaring ones, the game was an in
teresting one. Two sensational catches
were made. In the second inning Dever
eaux sent a fly out into right field. Bar
rett, who is stationed at center, but plays
all over the field, started for the ball as
it was hit. He ran around the fence
which projects into center field and after
a long .run captured the ball. r x"he spec
tators thought it an impossible play and
so did Eagan, who ran on the hit and was
thrown out at first before he could re
turn.
The other circus catch was made by
Sheehan. L-ajoie hit a fly over thira.
Sheehan ran to the fence, reached for the
ball in among the spectators and cap
tured it. Devereaux nearly had a lit
when he saw his team mate return with
the ball.
The Easterners sent a man home in the
first inning. It was Barrett, who, next
to Waddell, has made the greatest hit
here. He hit to shortstop and was safe
and scored on Mercer's two-bagger to left
tield. JL^ijoie singled, the ball hitting Mer
cer, who was sprinting for third. Mercer
was disgusted, as, besides being retired
when he had a possible chance to score,
he was hurt by the ball. Davis singled
and stole second while the ball was in
the infield. Bradley flew, retiring the side.
The Eastern men did not score again
uutil the sixth, although they had a man
on second in each inning. In the sixth
Bradley hit to Eagan at second. He threw
wide to first, Bradley being safe at sec
ond. Irwin sacrificed and Sullivan flew
to left field. Bradley just beat the ball
home on the throw in.
In the eighth Irwin scored. He started
with a two-bagger. Waddell hit a fly to
right field and the pitcher, flelder and
first baseman all went after it. They were
all under the ball, but each left it lor the
other. The ball hit the ground and Irwin
scored.
The Senators scored their first, run in
the seventh. From the way they started
proceedings it seemed they would be scor
ing yet. Waddell redeemed himself by
striking out two men and the third man
was out on a hit to first. Courtney, the
first man up. was safe on Irwln's fum
ble. Davis was also safe on Irwin's fum
ble. Eagan bunted to Waddell, who threw
badly to first base. This filled the sacks,
with nobody out. Devereaux took four
balls, forcing Courtney home.
.The spectators became enthused for the
first time, as it looked rosy for a num
ber of runs, Waddell then struck out
McLaughlin and Stricklett, and McNeely
was out at first, leaving three discon
solate players ornamenting the bases.
In the last inning, with two men gone,
Devereaux singled to third. McLaughlin
sent a fly to Lajoie, who misjudged its
flight and missed it. Devereaux stole
third. McLaughlin stole second and the
catcher shot the ball down to stop him.
Waddell intercepted It, but failed to hold
it. Devereaux scored on the play and
McLaughlin was safe. McNeely flew out,
ending the game. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. It. BH. SB. 1»O. A. E.
Sneehan, 3b 4 0 0 0 4 2 1
Stanley, c. 4 0 0 0 2.0 0
Courtney, cf 4 1 0 (» 2 1 0
Davis lb 4 0 1 0 4 il 0
Eagan, 2b 4 O 1 0 1 2.1
Devereaux, b. s 2 11 14 2 1
McLaughlin, If 4 0 1 X 6 0 1
Stricklett, rf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
McNeely. p 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 33 2 4 2*23 7 4
•Mercer out; hit by batted ball.
ALL-AMERICAS.
AB. R. BH. SB*. PO. A. E.
Pickering. If : 5 0 0 0 1 0.0
Barrett, cf 4 1 4 1 1 1 0
Mercer, rf 4 O 1 O 1 O 1
Lajoie, 2b 4 O 1 O 3 2 0
Davis, lb 4 0 1 1 «j 1 1
Bradley. 3b 4 1 1 1 1 0 1
Irwin. s. 8 3 1 2 0 2 1 2
Sullivan, c 4 O 0 O 12 10
Waddell, p 3 O 1 0 0 1 1
Totals 35 3 11 3 27 7 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 — 2
Base hits 0 1 0 1 0 O 0 0 2— 4
All-Americas 1 0 0 0 0 10 1 • — H
Base hits 4 1 1 1 1 0 1 2 •— 11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — "Waddell 1, McNeely 2.
Two-base hits — Mercer, Bradley. Irwin. Sacri
fice hit — Irwin. First base on errors — Sacra
mento 4. All-Americas 4. First base on called
balls — Sacramento 1, All-Americas 1. Left on
bases — Sacramento 6, All-Americas 10. Struck
out — By Waddell 11, by McNeely 1. Hit by
pitcher — Devereaux. Double plays — Barrett to
Davis; Devereaux to Eagan to Davis. Time
of game — 1 :30. Umpire — J. McDonald.
Oaklands Are Shut Out.
The All-America baseball team shut out
the Oakland team yesterday morning on
the grounds across the bay, the score
being 9 to 0. Bernhard, in addition to
pitching a great game, sent the ball over
the fence for a home run and also lined
out a two-bagger. The detailed score:
OAKLAND. »
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, e. s 4 0 1 0 1 .1 2
Mohler, 2b 4 0 10 5 8 0
Dunleavy, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Streib, r. f 4 0 2 0 1 1 0
Eagan. lb...: 4 0 1 0 !) 0 0
Moskiman. c. f 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Hamilton. I. f 3 0 0 0 5 T) 1
Hansen, c..' 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Hodson, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 1
Totals 31 0 5 0 24 14 4
ALL-AMERICAS.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering. 1. f 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Barrett, c. t 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Mercer, r. f 4 110 2 0 0
Lajoie, 2b 3 1 2 0 5 2 0
Davis, lb 4 l.\_l . O 10 0-0
Bradley, 3b 4 1 1 1 1 o o
Irwin, s. s 4 2 1 0 1 1 0
Sullivan, c 4 1 1 0 4 0 0
Bernhard, p. 4 2^3 0 0 2 0
-Totals 35 0 12 1 27 11 0
-RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 000 00000 0 0
Base hits 10 10 0 0 111—5
All-Americas 1 .,. 02300013 • I)
Base hits 1 3 10 1 0 2 4* 12
SUMMARY.
Runs responsiW* for— Hodson 5. Home run
— Bernhard. Two-base hits— Irwin, Bernhard.
First base o*n errors — All-Americas 3. First
base on called balls— Oakland 2. All-Americas
4. Left on bases — Oakland 0, All-Americas 6
Struck out— By Bernhard 3. Double play—
Irwin to Lajoie to Davis. Time of same— 1:15.
.. n l? lr £~ J - McDonald. Official scorer— H. S.
Sacr arlln.
Tapped His- Till.
F. Albrecht, cigar dealer, 257 Fourth
street, _ reported *n tho police yesterday
that a man called at, his place Saturday
night representing that he was an em
ploye of the electric light company and
had been sent to examine the wires. He
was there for only a few minutes,. and af
ter he had left Albrecht discovered that
he had stolen $1 50 from the till and the
keys to the showcase and to the padlock
for the iron railing in front. He must
haye been an adept at the business as
Albrecht Bays he was talking to him all
the time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 16^1901.
PRINCETONS DEFEAT APPRENTICES
HANDILY ON THE FOOTBALL GRIDIRON
Boys From Mare Island Navy-Yard lose by Score of Eighteen to Nothing
in a Game in Which Many Players on Each Team Are Disabled Owing
to Hardness of the Field— Victors Banquet the Vanquished' Eleven
THE PRINCETONS. A FOOTBALL ELEVEN MADE UP OF LIGHTWEIGHT PLAYERS. WHO HAVE NEVER
BEEN SCORED AGAINST IN THE COURSE OP THREE YEARS' PLAYING IN THIS CITY AND IN ADJA
CENT TOWNS. THEY DEFEATED MARE ISLAND APPRENTICES YESTERDAY.
ON a. gridiron whose surface -was
almost as smooth and firm as as
phallum the Princetons, a local
aggregation of football players,
defeated the Mare Island appren
tices yesterday afternoon at the Six
teenth and Folsom street grounds by
a score of 18 to.O. Earlier In the season
these two teams played a tie game at
Vallejo, and both teams entered yester
day's contest with a determination to
win. The result was a game full of per
sistent and exciting playing. The Prince
tons had the advantage in being' better
conditioned and more expert in team
work.
Both teams suffered exceedingly be
cause of the hardness of the gridiron.
Almost half of the players were disabled.
PARK TENNIS TOURNEY
IS WON BY DUNLAP
Ex-Champion of Tennessee Played a
Strong Game and Disposed of
Opponents Handily. .
A successful tennis singles tournament
was held yesterday on Golden Gate ParK
courts. C. Dunlap, ex-champion of Ten
nessee, proved the winner. He had for his
opponent in the finals Harry Routh. the
park champion. AH matches except the
finals consisted of two sets out of three,
and were not, vantage sets. The finals
were three out of five. Dunlap was a
strong favorite and won without much
difficulty.
In the first round L. C. Bozart won
from H. Baehr, 6-5, 6—3: C. Dunlap won
from O. Beyfuss by default; George Bates
won from R. J. Putnam by default: H.
Allen drew a bye; R. D. Walker won from
R. H« dge by default: J. Kamp beat Alec
Beyfuss, 6—3, 6—4; Carlton Davis beat E.
Twgg, €—3, G— 3; Har.y Rauth drew a bye.
In the second round Dunlap beat Bo
zart 6—1, 6—2: Allen beat Bates, 6—5, 6—0;
Walker beat Kamp. 6—5, 6—1; Routh beat
Davis, 1— «, 6—3, 6—3.
In the semi-finals Dunlap and Allen
came together. Allen was unused to play
ing on earth courts and Dunlap beat him
easily. The score was 6 — 1, 6 — 2. In the
other half of the semi-finals Routh beat
Walker. 6-2, 6-5.
The finals brought Dunlap and Routh
together. It was thought Dunlap would
beat Routh without the loss of a set. Tho
spectators were surprised when the latter
took the first set. ] Dunlap was slow to
start, but after the first set everything
went his way. The complete score, in
Dunlap' s favor, was 4 — 6, 6—0, 6—2, 6—3. ,
The California* Tennis Club will hold an
open class singles tournament on Christ
mas, and Routh, with several other park
experts, will take part. His game is bet
ter suited to earth than to asphalt courts.
W. B. Taylor, who for years held tho
championship of the coast, played on th^
California courts yesterday. He and
George Whitney, the present champion,
joined forces and beat Collier and Crowell
two sets out of three. Taylor was out Qf
practice but played a good game.
"X0UNG MEN ARE HOSTS
AT A HOUSE-WARMING
Hebrew Association Holds Grand Re
ception at Its Headquarters in
Supreme Court Building.
The Young Men's Hebrew Association
gave a house warming yesterday after
noon and evening at their headquarters
in the. Supreme Court building, 305 Lar
kin street. The association was organized
one month ago for the moral and phy
sical development of ! Hebrew young
men, and has a membership of 183.
The finely equipped gymnasium, library,
whistroom and large reception hall were
thrown "open for the inspection of the
guests, who numbered several hundred.
An orchestra composed of some of the
members played .selections for dancing,
which formed the principal part of the
entertainment. Light refreshments were
served. . '
The committees having the affair in
charge were: ',.
Arrangements — Gabriel Goldberg, president;
Harry Llchtensteln, vice president; 11. Moses,
secretary; H. B. Harris, treasurer; I. P. Nleto,
B. Shapiro, S. Simon and L. Bernstein, direc
tors. ,
Entertainment — Max Abrahams, S. Bernstein,
M. Cohl, Sir Friedlander, Sigr .Herzog, Bernard
Joseph, R. Karmlinski, Jake Lakenback,- Sam
uel Louerich, Abe Morris, Abraham Mayer,
Isldon Rosenthal, J. Fi ledman and Harry Levy.
Reception— H. A. Harris, A. Joseph, R.
Jacobi, I. • Lalser. J. Mayerle, Joseph Rosen
baum, Ike Springer, L. Breslauer, ' Robert
Meyer and L. Robin.
His Arm Broken by a Fall.
John Doyle, a teamster, while driving
a pair of horses attached to a lumber
wagon on Potrero avenue, near Twen
tieth street, yesterday, was. unseated, and
sustained a fracture of the left arm. The
injured . teamster resides at 3455 Seven
teenth street. .
4 Mail a copy of the great Christmas
Call to your friends in the East and
foreign lands. \
and both sides were forced to Introduce" a
number of substitutes. On account of ton
frequent stops to care for the wounded
the contest was long drawn out.
In the early part of the first half the ap
prentices not only held their own against
the onslaughts of the local aggregation of
pigskin kickers, but carried the ball back
to ' the Princetons' five-yard line. The
ball was held under the shadow of the
Princetons' goal for several minutes of
fast playing, but the locals finally suc
ceeded In strengthening their defence and
took the ball on downs. By a series of
irresistible end runs and line bucks by
Fullback Clapp the oval was carried the
length of the field and across the line
for a touchdown.
In. the first part of the second half the
apprentices were materially weakened by
the loss of their fullback, who was se
verely injured In one of the scrimmages.
CHAMPION JEFFRIES INVESTS
FORTUNE IN GOLD MINE
Puts One Hundred Thousand Dol-
lars Into Colorado Mining
Property.
DENVER. Colo., Dec. 15.— James Jef
fries, champion heavyweight of the world,
has invested more than $100,000 in mining
property near Ward and probably will
take up his residence in Denver during
the winter to look after his interests.
He is Interested with James Craig, a for
mer mining man of British Columbia,
who induced the champion to invest after
his fight with Ruhlin.
Jeffries previously followed the counsel
of Craig by investing in some mining
property in Canada, which is now paying
the champion a good income, and since
that time the two have been close friends.
Jeffries has practically turned over all
his interests to Crate's care.
Jockey Eddie Jones Home Again.
Jockey Eddie Jones after a moderately
successful season on the European tracks
arrived In this city Saturday night. Eddie
was always popular with local racegoers,
and will no doubt accept some mounts at
Oakland.:
The entries for to-day's events are as
follows:
First race — Five and a half furlongs; purse;
three-year-olds and upward:
)... Jack Chaafe..lO2 1224 Oonstellator ..112
2754 R. del S. JuanlO7 2072 Pompino .....107
2870 Crinkle 107 2702 Luca ........102
20M Captivate 102 2258 Edgardo .....107
2978 Frank Bell. ...112! (290l»)The Miller 107
.... Mary Nance.. 1121
Second race — Mile and a sixteenth; selling;
three-year-olds and upward:
2675 Ulm .... .105 (2973)Whaleback ..105
...JM.L. Rothchd.103 20G0 Canejo 105
242(5 Fondo 1O0 20«0 Free Lance.. .110
2694 Kl'Mido.. 107 29Ga Mont Eagle. ..105
2015 Talma 100 2985 Mrs. Brunell.. 06
Third 1 race — Futurity course; purse; two
year-oids:
2»2Z GlendennlnR ..115 ( 2022) Botany 115
(2»02)Rameses 113 205(i Discovery 108
2384 Ru bus .: 110 2084 Josie G 115
2958 Flo Culver... .110 Royal Rogue. .115
Fourth race — Six and a half furlongs; purse;
three-year-olds and upward:
(2657) Vesuvian 105/ 2401 The Pride 105
(29(i5;Watercure ...105( .
Fifth race — Seven furlongs; selling; - three
year-olds and upward:
(2tJG0)RedwaUt ... .'.112 (200C)Plohn ....... .112
.... P.elarlo 107 2S07 Oscaf Tolle. . .110
.... Mlthridatea ..110 2G85 Ravlno 112
(2tt:'.«)Duckoy ..112 (2!)«4)Natlve 112
2070 Coming Event.112 2S47 Marion Lynch.112
2457 Dr. Bernays..ll2 ;
Sixth race — Mile and a sixteenth; selling;
three-year-olds and upward:
2959 Wyoming 111 2977 Rushfields . . ..109
2952 Darlene 96 2982 Artilla. 107
2966 Lodestar .....109 2877 Essence 107
2075 San Venado...l08 2»6C Merops 107
2ti25 Cromwell 110 (2892)E1 Orlente TOO
2867 Morlnel ...... 107
To-Day's Selections.
First race— Frank Bell, Pompino, Constel
lator.
Second race — Canejo, El MIdo. Fondo.
Third race — Botany, Glendenningr, Josie G.
Fourth race— Watercure, Vesuvian, The
Pride. V
.' Fifth race — Native, Oscar Tolle, Redwald.
Sixth race — Wyoming, Cromwell, Merops. •
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains .70 pages and will weigh 1 if
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition' will be as follows: . .
Domestic... ............ .5 cents
; r Foreign. . ... . .....".. 9 cents
Crowds at Park and Cliff.
Crowds of pleasure-seekers flocked to
the ; park and beach yesterday afternoon.
The snappy, crisp air was the delight of
pedestrians and -horsemen, who were out
in large numbers. ". ;^
He was carried to the side line, and it
was fully twelve minutes before he re
gained consciousness. The loss of the
fullback seemed to completely demoral
ize the navy-yard boys. The defense,
which in the first half had not been of
the best, completely faded away before
the persistent line bucking and end run
ning of the Princeton backs. During the
last half the Princetons scored twice,
and each time a goal was kicked. "When
the whistle was finally sounded the local
men had the ball on their opponents' five
yard line.
The winners lined up as follows: Tighe,
center; Tehaney, left guard: Mclntyre,
right guard; Maino (captain), right tackle:
Rossi, left tackle; Cahill. left end: Jas
per, right end; Stewart, quarter; Blethen,
right halfback; Clapp. fullback. After
the game the apprentices Vere banqueted
by the victors at a downtown' restaurant.
OAKLAND POSTOFFICE
MEN LOSE AT BASEBALL
San Francisco Carriers Defeat the
East Siders by a Score
of 10 to 9.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— By a score of 10 to
9 the San Francisco letter carriers defeat
ed the Oakland postofflce carriers at base
ball played this afternoon at Golden Gate.
The chill air did not deter a crowd com
posed of people from both sides of the bay
from attending the contest.
This is the second consecutive defeat
which the Oaklanders have suffered at the
hands of their brother postal employes
from the west side of the bay.
To-dai-'s score follows:
SAN FRANCISCO POSTOFFICE.
AB. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
La Fountaine, r. f.. 4 1 IS 0 0 2 0
Voss. 2b 4 0 1 O 2 0 1
Jacks, lb 5 2 2 »0 « 1 O
Hardy, s. s 4 1IO 4 1 I
Whalen, 1. f 4 1 0 0 1 O O
Cashman. c. f 5 2 2 2 2 5 .1
Rocthe, c 3 1*1 1 10 5 1
Bonnilla. p .*...> R 0 0 0 0 1 0
Buckingham, 3b 2 2 0 113 1
Totals 36 10 10 4 -;26 Is ~7
OAKLAND POSTOFFICE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Finegan. 2b 4 0 0 O 6 1 /I
Fiege, p 4 2 1 O 0»0
Smith, r. f R 1 1 0 2 1 %, 0
Mueller, l. f o o o 0 0 o o
Skinner, «b .t 1 2 0 2 0 4
Cohn, c. f 4 0 1 0 1 1 0
Peralta, c 3 3 2 1 14 4 O
Campbell, lb... 4 110 2 0 2
Kelton, s. a 31 1 0 0 0 1
Mitchell 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 34 9 10 1 27 10 8
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco Postofflce. 01002114 1 10
Oakland Postofflce 21000204 0 — 9
I I SUMMARY.
Three-base hit — Jacks. Two-base hit — Jacks
Struck out— By Flege 13, by Bonnilla 7. Double
play — Smith to Finejran. Wild pitch — Bon
nilla. Passed balls — Roethe 1. Peralta 2. Um
pire — Agnew. Scorers — Hallahan and Trieber.
Aquatic Sports at Sutro's.
The swimming and contests at
Sutro Baths yesterday resulted as follows:
Fifty-yard race— Won by P. Sundberg, J.
Driscoll second. Divingr for plates — Won by
J. McClosky, H. Heinz second. 100-yard race
— Won by T. Surratt, J. Desmond second. Tub
race — Won by P. Martin. A. Hines second, J.
McCarthy third. Trick and fancy springboard
diving — Won by A. Sundberg. J. McClosky
second. High diving for boys — Won by J
Franty. E. Ulman second.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco December 18, Los Angeles
December 19. reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco, $80; Los Angeles. J70. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullman
sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low side trip
rates. Optional itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street. San Francisco
itl South SDrine street. Los Angeles.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
J Ellison. Cal J Morerot. Modesto
Mrs Camp. Cholame H C McClure L Ane
F H Merrill & w. Cal L L Gilbert.' St Louis
I P Guerin, Lytton Spg L N Ford, S L Obispo
J Buck. Palermo J Ellison, Calistoea
J H E Perlett & s. NM B J Nlcholls, Berkeley
J A Pusselley, Manila G McMullen Ukiah
C M Allenhurst. Joliet J McKea, Red Bluff
E M Baxter, Auburn S Wells, w & c Cal
W H Glenn, Jackson H Richter & w 'Red B
MrsPeysett, Raymond Miss Richter Red Biff
Miss Peysett, Raymnd E J Mathews, Oakland
P Finning. Forest Hill P H Cummlngs, Shasta
Mrs J- N Vores, Iowa E N Brown, Oakland
W F Strain. Chicago J O'Connor, Sacto
J J Parker, S Jose B Slater S Mateo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. .
J Doyle. Lexinjrton Miss ,J Holton, Ls Ang
E D McCarmack, Wis Miss K Teller, Ls Ang
E Beckley, Lexington A V Glougie, Prescott
R Coleman. Lexington C D Lyons, St Louis
H B Anson, Portland J T Anderson, Rd Bluff
F A Right. Idaho P Mullen, San' Jose
G Limbach, Pittsburg P McDougall.* Spokane
J R Ballon, NY ■ ' C R Reeves, Fayette
L E Bouchard & w.Cal J H Rollins, St Paul.
G Bush, Los Angeles C Mackley, St Paul
A Reed, Los Angeles
The people of Vancouver, : B. C, have
withdrawn liquor licenses from music
halls. --
GOOD SHOOTING
AT SHELL MOUND
National Guard Experts
Hold Exciting
Contests.
Colonels Evans, Smith and
Hughes Make High
Scores.
The shooting at Shell Mound rifle range
yesterday was confined to the regular
monthly medal contests of Company A,
Fifth Infantry, and field, staff and band,
First Infantry, National Guard of Cali
fornia. No records were broken by either
of the organizations, but the scores on
the average were excellent.
During the last week Colonels Evans,
Smith and Hughes and Captain Siebe
held a private contest for honors. Colonel
Evans scored 198 out of a possible 200
With the pistol at fifty yards. Colonel
Smith made 192, Colonel Hughes 190 and
Captain Siebe 177.
Yesterday's scores follow:
Company A, Fifth Infantry? National Guard
of California, monthly medal : shoot.
1 200 1 300 I
NAMES. | Yds. 1 Yds. |
I 500
I Yd3.
NAMES.
Sergeant C. Cron 22 | 22
Lieutenant Peterson lt> j 12 I
Sergeaut Willard 9 | 23
A. rioderstrand 18 la I
Corporal Gray 21 'Jrl \
Corporal Francis It 17 I
C. .Lancaster 21 2."{ |
B. "Woodward 23 24 |
Captain Hunt 14 24 |
Sergeant S. King 22 19 I
13. Thelln 24 17 I
Musician Herman 21 I 9 j
J. Oilman in I 23 |
C. Smith 13 23
Lieutenant Ellis 24 j 23
i
I
I 18
I 12
0
5
I 3
i l>
I 22
I 23
I 21
I VJ
I 1*
I «
10
14 V
1 200 1 300 I
NAMES. | Yds. 1 Yds. |
NAMES.
Sergeant C. Cron 22 | 22
Lieutenant Peterson lt> j 12 I
Sergeaut Willard 9 | 23
A. rioderstrand 18 la I
Corporal Gray 21 'Jrl \
Corporal Francis It 17 I
C. .Lancaster 21 2."{ |
B. "Woodward 23 24 |
Captain Hunt 14 24 |
Sergeant S. King 22 19 I
13. Thelln 24 17 I
Musician Herman 21 I 9 j
J. Oilman in I 23 |
C. Smith 13 23
Lieutenant Ellis 24 j 23
Field, staff and band. First Infantry. Na
tional Guard of California, monthly medal
shoot, with pistol.
I 20 I 40
NAMES. Shots. Shots.
Lieutenant Colonel Connolly — 144
Major Theo. Rether — 07
Lieutenant T. P. O'Brien 74 —
Color Sereeant W. P. Maher 8U —
Chief Musician Geooce Hollister. . — 76
Musician W. H. Townshend — 121
Musician Henry Zeigler. . .• — 117
Musician Henry Leuscher — 126
Musician L. D. Jones 43 —
Musician Ray McCUnton 33 —
I 20 I 40
NAMES. Shots. Shots.
Lieutenant Colonel Connolly — 144
Major Theo. Rether — 07
Lieutenant T. P. O'Brien 74 —
Color Sereeant W. P. Maher 8U —
Chief Musician Geooce Hollister. . — 76
Musician W. H. Townshend — 121
Musician Henry Zeigler. . .• — 117
Musician Henry Leuscher — 126
Musician L. D. Jones 43 —
Musician Ray McCUnton 33 —
Dewey Club Shoot.
The members of the Dewey Rifle Club
of Oakland held their last, shoot for the
year, yesterday. The attendance was
large and- marksmanship good. Great In
terest was taken In the final of the team
shooting. Colonel 'Ervln Blunkall .and
Captain Harry McGurren defeated Lieu
tenant W. M. Walling and Private Lan
ders fetevens. The score wa3 268 to 252.
The Dewey Club will hold Its annual
banquet on the 21st lnst., when the med
als and prizes will be awarded for the
past year. The diamond "Dewey trophy"
has been won by Colonel Blunkall and
Captain McGurren.
. » m
Columbia Club's Closing Shoot.
The closing shoot of the' Columbia Pis
tol and Rifle Club for the year was held
yesterday. The results In detail follow:
Rifle, 3 shots, 20O yards — A. H. Pape, 8, 13;
A B Dorrcll, 9, 2ii; XV. G. Hoffman, 11, 12,
13, 17, 17, 18, 18, 18, 18, 19, 10, 20, Iil,:J2; 1ft O.
Young, ll>, 15, 16. ltf, 17, 1£>, 21; C. M. Dalsa.
13 22« 28; G. Mannel. 20, 25. 3l>. 32, 34.
Rifle, 10-shot match — K. O. Young:, 49, 51. 85.
58; A. B. Uorrell, «5<>; O. li. Cody. 62, 64. 71.
7S> W), 81, 82; C. Bachman, 82, 120, 121; Alex
rape, 91, 02, 04. 129; E. A. Allen (repeater),
IM. 100, 100, 106, 105, 109, 110. 114.
ristol. 50 yards — C. M. Dafss 30. 47, 53. 55.
56 «2: F. O. Young. 3$>. 41. 41. 47. 49; Dr. J.
F\ Twist. f*>. el. 6», 67: O. Mannel. 85. 95,
102; >V. F. Browning. 9»; J. J. Crowley, 126.
Revolver, 50 yards— A. J. Brannagan, 41; J.
R. Trego. 56, €4, 73,. 71, 76. 78, 78, 80. 85, 87;
P A. Becker. 58, 5<S, 50, 64; Dr. Twist. 02, 87.
22 rifle, 50 yards — A. B. Dorrell. 22: E. Ho
vey, 2.-J, 25. 25. i»5. 26, 28. 30; Mrs. G. Man
nel :M>, SO, 34, X4. 35, 53; Dr. Twist. 31. 30;
Mrs. C. F. Waltham. 43,. 63, 62.
OTiree-shot pistol match — Dr. Twist, 16, 16,
20, 23, 24. 25. 19. 17. 19. 14.
At San Rafael Range.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec, 15.— The final shoot
of the year took place to-day at Schuct
zen Park. The score In the California
Schutzen Club section was as follows:
Bullseye shoot —
C. Sagehorn, 1215; A. Rahwyler, 132S; E.
Englander, 785; A. von Wyl, 7U7; M. Blasse,
1173; W. Blasse. 2+49; H. Becker, cadet 684;
O. Tammeyer, 1908; L.. C. Babin 14«S; O.
Burmelster; 144S; F. A. Schrumpf. 1112; J.
Kullmann. 8X5; F. Carroll, cadet, 1125: F.
Hagerup, 1791; M. C. Rousseau, 060; C. Meyer
1320 ; O. Bremer, 435; C. M, Henderson, 760;
R. Langer. S47: J. Straub. 1507; F. Riede. 2170-
D. \V. McLaughlin. 42S; U Reubold. 872; L,
Rink. 15«8:- H. Enge, 106B: W. Ehrenprort
2010; J. C. Waller, 2416; A. Gehret, 207; F E*
Mason, 242; A. Jungblut. 1628: Captain F.-At
tlnger. 1573; G. Oral. 849; P. Jacoby, 1343; M.
Harter. 1528: J. Gassner. 1587; R. Utschitr
176; T. J. Carroll, 26S; G. Rischmuller Sr
6!>9; A. Mocker. *i2O; A. Strecker 755- m'
Reubold. 2115; A. Hampel. 1324; R. Meyer
hofer. cadet, 1246; C. Gut, 2132; E. "Woenne
258; F. D. Schmidt, 227; F. G. Bradford 8KJ-
C. Meyer. 1CS4. _;
In the San Francisco Grutll section the
best bullseyes were made by the* follow
ing:
Karl Gut. T. SImmen. F. Baumgarten A
Studer. E. Suter, A. Gehret. R. Hauser' G*
Orsl. A. von • Wyl, A. Hinterman. F. Werlen.
The yearly contest for extra bullseycs
resulted as follows: O. Imdorf won first
prize and Brehm medal with 17. The
others won in the following order: J
Brugger, Gllndermann medal, 126- a"
Gehret, 153: A. Studer 169; L. Hauser"
209; E. Suter, 217; A. von Wyl, 229.
The San Francisco Turners' schuetzen
section was the scene of some lively
shooting.. The score was aa follows:
F. A. Schrumpf, 503; F. Kommer. 633- H
Enge. 1C30; R. Langer, 1265; J. Kuhn 2215- c"
Sagehorn, 2428: O. Burmelster, 2271; Captain
F. Attinger. 2055; G. Tammeyer, 16C6- J
Straub. 2025; A. Utschlg. 1180; F. J. Kla'tzle"
2150; Li. Bruner, 2500; J. Gassner, 2702.
• AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES and~zoi5
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Great Bicknell, Alma Wutrich
Brown and Lancaster, Al Hazzard*
The Lockos, Montgomery and
Evans.
NEW MOVING_PICTURES.
THURSDAY NIGHT—
THE AMATEURS
IX ALL-STAR SHOW.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
glg^ RACING
Jjj&T^^^^^ Every Week Day—'
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
' OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Rcces start at 2:15 d. m. »narp
cn te tra?n^e n EFf-
ladles and their escorts; no smokl C | Bu^v™5
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AU traln/vX
Oakland mole connect with San Pahlo 2v.™,l5
electric can at Seventh and Broadway Oak
land. Also all trains via - AUuneda £Zi» 7^-*
nect with San Pablo avenue car? S Vfu?*
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. TheiV eltXfl
cars go direct to the track in flftee?»i^J rla
Returnlng-Trains leave the lrac k at ?•«%
COLUMBIA SS*'
8ECOND AND
EVERY NIGHT (INCLUDING SUNDAY).
MATINEE SATURDAY
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian.
JEFFERSON DE AN6ELIS,
In the Enormously Sn«rc«sfal Operatic Novelty,
A Royal Rogue.
By Chas. Klein- agdJWm. T. Francis.
TWO WEEKS BEGDnilNG
NEXT MONDAY,, December 23,
MARY MANNERING
JANICE ISEREDITH.
Seats go on •*!» Thursday.
Prices— »1 SO. $1. 76c. 50c. 35c. 25c
VAUDEVILLE HIGH TIDE!
Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane, Mr. and
Mrs. Walter E. Deaves' Merry
Manikins, Kose and Jeannettc,
Norwood Brothers, S&errie Mat-
thews, Norma Whalley, Sam Mar-
ion and William McCart, Flo Irwia
and "Walter Hawley, Dumond f 2
Parisian Minstrels, The Biograpli.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 80c. .
Evenlnc* at fr Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
TO-NIGHT— GRAND OPENING OF THE
TIVOLI COMIC OPERA COMPANY
In Ferris Hartman's Merry Extravaganza,
Little Red
Riding Hood
A HOLIDAY DELIGHT FOR EVERYBODY.
POPULAR PRICES — 23c. 5Oc and 75c. ,^
Telephone Bush 9. ' |^
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening 1 This Week,
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress,
In Vlctorlen Sardou's Powerful Play.
"DIPLOMACY,"
The Biggest Hit of Last Season at Charted
Frohman's Empire Theater, New York.
POPULAR PRICES^ — 10c. 15f. 25c. 5Oc. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c. ■
Next Week— MINNIE SELIGMAN In "CAR'
MEN." ; ; ■
ALX. THIS WEEK-MATKTEE SATURDAY.
First Time In tho West
THOMAS JEFFERSON
Presenting on a Grand Scale
RIP VAN WINKLE,
Assisted by a Carefully Selected Company.
NEXT SUNDAY. Dec. 22,
Chas. H. Yale's Everlastins
DEVIL'S AUCTION
Matinees Christmas Day and Saturday.
SEATS THURSDAY.
ftSHH SAT R gfMT
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL. WEEK. -
The Sparkling- Farce-Comedy.
"THE GAY MR.
LIGHTFOOT."
First Time In This City.
Seats on sale six days in advance.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES — 15c, 25c. 33c, 50c and 73c.
NEXT — Christmas Week, Din't Do Anything
Till You Sec
"CHARLEY'S AUDIT."
BELASCO AxnTHAlZS^tf^ ■
TO-NIGHT— ALL, THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
HERE'S WHERE YOU LAUGH.
The Funniest Farce on Earth.
MULDOON'S
PICNIC.
Songs. Medleys. TVinces, Eccentric Acts and
AH Kinds of Wholesome Amusement.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 5<Vj
lAlWCJ Matinees 10c, 13c. 25o
Next Week— "SILVER KIXG."
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. Mf'
Every Thursday, Saturday, Sunday and Tues-
day.
MORE EXCITINO THAN BULL FIGHTING.
THE GREATEST GAME OF THE AGE.
ADMISSION 25c AND 00c.
FISCHER'S co^£T on H ,<£ SE -
MME. CHARITY MARTIN; G. S. Wanrell:
Mullaly Sisters; Paloma Quartette; Stanley
and Walton: Deminsr and Carroll; Ivan Tre-
Poka, and Hinrlchs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats.
25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On "one aids of thes» magnificent
botels ls the wholesale and ntanu-
(acturers' district— on the oth«r re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and tha-
*J« ra - Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass tho entrance.
American and European plans.
■It
irti fi!\B tf\ Ammunition. Pistols, Cut-
E ■■ SL\h\L B Ier *'- Carvins Sets, Football,
I n n H H»9 Baseball, Athletic and Out-
H i H Blu O M ln * Gods for Holiday Trade.
yj I \l \M Send for Catalogue.
■ w " " w 8HKXVE A BARBIS CO..
739 Mukit St tad 511 Knnj Si
I 500
I Yd3.
I 18
I 12
0
5
I 3
i l>
I 22
I 23
I 21
I VJ
I 1*
I «
10
14 V
i
ITO FORM NEW
ORGANIZATION
State Building Trades
Council Meets in
Convention.
Many Delegates From Various
Sections Are in At
tendance.
The convention of the State Building
Trades Council met in Prospect Hall in
Odd Fellows' building in executive ses
sion yesterday afternoon. The meeting
was called to order by E. J. Brandon, who
■was chosen as temporary chairman. W.
J* Badger of the Stockton Council was
«ijpcted temporary secretary.
A committee on credentials was ap
pointed, with the following named as
members: H. Ryan, Santa Clara; M. J.
Barnhard, Stockton; M. P. Manning, Al
ameda County; H. D. Bieg, San Fran
cisco, x
The committee reported in favor of seat
ing the following named delegates to the
convention:
Stockton— H. J. Condy, delegate at large;
G. A. Knisely. Plumbers' Union; M. J. Bam
hard, Carpenters' Union; W. H. Badger. Paint
ers Union; Thomas Reeves, Hod Carriers'
Union.
Alameda County— J. H. Mullen, delegate at
large; TV. J. Baocus. Bricklayers' Union; G. \V.
Smith. Millmen's Union; Paul Nelsen. Cement
Workers; B. l>avenport. Plumbers' Union; M.
P. Manning, leathers' Union: J. T. Kerns.
I IaetertTs' Union; F. Boehmer, £h!nglers'
Union; R. Feeley. Laborers' Union; TV. TV.
Tomkins, House Movers.
Santa Clara County— C. O. Metcalf. delegate
at large; C. B. Schaefer. Painters' Union No.
114; William Keinhold. Carpenters' Union Xo.
~lt>; %%ood James. Millmen's Union Ko. 2t52;
G. L. Tonkipi, Lathers' Union; J. A. O'Neil,
Plasterers' Union; A. F. Slackhouse Bricklay
ers' Union; Ed Behrendt Tinners' Union; H.
Ryan. Plumbers' Union; L. B. Hamilton. Car
penters' Union Xo. 844: A. J. Reusher. Labor
ers Lnlon; G. E. Fall, Painters' Union No.
271; Charles D. Raines, Painters' Union No.
388; V. II. Trace, Carpenters' Union No. CCS.
San Francisco — Louis Chester delegate at
large; H. Neidlinjrer. Amalgamated Wood
workers No. 15; K. J. Brandon, Bricklayers;
J. Falconer, Amalgamated Carpenters; P. H
McCarthy, Carpenters No. 22; J. Salanave,
Carpenters' Union No. 95; A. Henning, Carpen
tpre' Union No. 304; E. H. Hardie, Carpet Mc
o^anice; O. A. Tveitmoe, Oment Workers: W.
IJ French. Derriekmen. Engineers and Struc
tural Ironworkers; L. R. Bynton Electrical
Workers No. 6; George Cole, Elevator Con
structors; B. E. Powers, Felt and Composition
Roofers; J. Mitchell, Gas and Electric Fixture
Hangers; S. E. Hopper, Glaziers and Orna
mental Glass Workers; J. Spargo Granite Cut
t^re; B. A. Donohue. Housemovera; C Weber
Mantel. Grate and Tilesetters; J. E. McDou
pald, Marble Cutters and Finishers; TV. H.
Bemlss. Millmen No. 423; TV. L Evans, Mill
wrights No. 766; A. Hogan. Paint Burners No
3: H. D. Bieg, Painters No. 73; H W. Luhrs*
Faperfcangers and Frescoers No 131; J. Brad
ley, Plasterers No. 66; J. Coefield, Plumbers,
Gas ana Steam Fitters; I. Carroll, Sheet Metal
Roofers; C. S. Penn. Sheet Metal Workers No.
I'M; T. J. Topper. Sheet Metal Workers No. 67; \
William J. X. Robinson. Signwrlters and Pic-
TortaJ Painters No. 1; J. J. Madlgan. Stalr
builflers No. 616; D. TValsh. Stonecutters; E.
Clancy, Metal Workers No. 1; J. Tuite, Var
nishers and Polishers No. 134; R. Lynch, Wood,
Wire and Metal Lathers.
A committee on permanent organiza
tion was appointed as follows:
J. T. Kerns. Alameda County; H. J. Condy,
Stockton; Wood James, Santa Clara: L. Chec
t»r, San Francisco; J. Coefleld of San Fran
cisco, at larg-e.
The committee on constitution and by
laws was appointed as follows:
O. A. Tveitmoe, San Francisco, chairman;
D. A. Walsh, San Francisco; M. P. Man
ning and J. II. Mullen of Alameda County:
SI. J. Barnhard and J. A. Knisley. Stockton:
V. M. Trace and C. D. Haines, Santa Clara
County; P. II. McCarthy, San Francisco, at
►,'arge.
The folIowinsT were appointed on the
finance committee: ■
TV. J. Ba-ecus,' Alameda County; Cfcarlfs B.
Schaefer. Sanfa Clara county: William ' E.
French, San Francisco: TV. H. Badger, Stock
ton; J. Tuite. San Francisco, at large.
The following were appointed as a press
committee:
O. A. Tveitmo*, San Francisco; C. O. Met
oalf, Santa Clara County: J. EL Mullen. Ala
m«>da County; W. H. Badger, Stockton, and
E. J. Brandon, tian Francisco, at large.
The convention took a recess until 7
o'clock p. m.. and promptly at that hour
the committees reported the result of
their labors. After the adoption of tho
report of the committee on organization
P. H. McCarthy of San Francisco was
made the unanimous choice of the con
vention for permanent chairman. TV. H.
Badger of Stockton was elected perma
nent secretary. J. E. McDougald of this
city -was chosen treasurer. The vice
presidents s=e!ected were: V. M. Trac,
Santa Clara; George TV. Smith. Alameda
County; G. A. Knisley, Stockton; D. A.
Walsh. San Francisco.
The constitution of the council was con
sidered at length. That of the San Fran
cisco Building Trades Council being in
harmony with the objects of the State
Council, was recommended by the com
mittee for adoption as the constitution of
the new prospective State organization.
The sessions of the Council are execu
tive, and will continue to-day anu possi
bly to-morrow. Considerable interest in
the proceedings is being manifested by
• the delegates.
"CASEY" A COMPANION
OF ABSCOMDER FLEISHMAN
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 15.— David "W.
Shanks of Los Angeles, who saw and
talked with H. J. Fleishman, the ab
sconding bank cashier, in Mexico, reached
here to-day. Mr. Shanks repeated the
details of his meeting with Fleishman at
Torreon, Mexico, last Tuesday. After re
lating the incident of his conversation.
Shanks continued to say:
"As I started for my train he turned
to a fellow he called Casey, with whom
he seemed on very good terms, and the
last I saw of him he and Casey were
Standing talking together. He did not in
troduce us, and I took no particular no
tice of the man. 1 *eishman did not show
the slightest embarrassment all the time
I was talking with him. His personal ap
pearance seemed somewhat neglected. He
looked as though he had not shaved for
five or eix days. He made no attempt
to disgTiise ' himself. Yet after this sec
ond recuest to keep still about seeing
him I suspected that • something was
wrong;' The first thing I did when the
train reached El Paso Thursday morning
was to buy a paper. Then I found that
my suspicions. were verified." . .
There is no clew in L<>r Angeles to the
identity of the man Casey with Fleish
man.
( " I Kohler & Chase Save You Money. fc
7 A GUITAR,
.; MANDOLIN ♦ ,
:;■ OR BANJO "
- r rnav soK'G for you the problem of a substantial, useful Christ- .
mas gift. To select it from the largest wholesale stock on the
j v ccast and to get with it the Kohler & Chase Guarantee costs
] you nothing. Isn't It worth while remembering the street num-
> - ber, 28 O'Farrell street?
Our holiday reductions In pianos ar.d all instruments are
' * now in force. "We can save you from 550 to $100 on a piano, and - «
- " k our easy payment method IS EASY. If out of town write us
__ " what you want and ve will send a pretty souvenir with our ft .
J h l 1CNABE flGENCV.
f H^dquartsrs: 26. 28. 30 o'Farrell Street. S F. _
WITH SOLEMN CEREMONY AND THE BLESSING OF ARCHBISHOP
RIORDAN CORNERSTONE OF SACRED HEART CHURCH IS LAID
New Edifice Is Consecrated
to Inviolable Mission by
Prelate and Many Priests
Father Lagan Preaches Upon
Pastor's Energy and Great
••Beauty of Holy Tabernacle
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— The corner
stone of the new Sacred Heart
Church, at the corner of Fortieth
and Grove streets, was laid this
afternoon with fitting ceremony
in the presence of several thousand peo
ple. Archbishop P. W. RIordan of San
Francisco conducted the services and con
secrated the edifice to its sacred mission.
There were many priests, both from Oak
land and San Francisco, in attendance,
and all the local Catholic societies were
present in full force.
Prior to holding the cornerstone cere
monies all the participants assembled at
St. Frances de Sales Church, where a short
service was held. Here the organized
bodies met in marching array and after
tbe service lined up in processional forma
tion for the long tramp to Fortieth street.
It was a big procession and a long road,
but the lively music contributed by the
band of the Societa de Christofero Colum
bo made marching easy, and distance was
covered without tiring anybody.
The consecration services were held on
the finished floor of the new building,
where a • temporary platform . and altar
had been erected.
The services were held at the west end
of the building. It was at the southeast
corner that the stone was laid, and so
great was the crowd on the floor that it
seemed as if two distinct ceremonies were
being held.
Promptly at' 3 o'clock 5 Archbishop Rior
dan, accompanied, by Fathers Fraught,
Heslin and Mulligan, made his way
through the throng\to where the mass of
hewn sandstone was swinging over its
permanent resting place. "
Priests in Full Robes.
The priests were clad in their full robes
of office, and the white and gold of the
vestments shone bright and clear against
the dull background presented by the
mass of humanity from which the priestly
procession had emerged.
Archbishop Riordan, with solemn cere
monial, blessed the stone. Father Mulli
gan acted as master of ceremonies.
Father Praught as deacon and Father
Heslin sub-deacon.
In a cavity in the foundation was placed
a copper box containing a programme of
the exercises, the names of the societies
participating and the names of the offi
cers of the new church.
Over this foundation the stone was then
carefully lowered. Again the Archbishop
spoke words of consecration and with a
sprinkling of holy water closed the cere
mony. With the benediction the exer
cises were concluded.
Meanwhile services were being conduct
ed at the west end of the floor. The choir
of Sacred Heart Church discoursed sacred
music and later, when the Archbishop and
party had retired. Father Lagan of San
Francisco preached a sermon.
"Oakland," paid Father Lagan, "is re
nowned throughout the country as 'the
city of churches.' It comes rightly by its
fame, but I ■want to tell you people of
Sacred Heart parish that when this edi
fice is completed there will be nothing
more beautiful in the whole of Alameda
FITZ AND SAILOR
IN LIVELY BOUT
Former Champion Spars
Five Rounds With
Sharkey.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— Robert Fitzsim
mons, former heavy-weight champion
pugilist, and Tom Sharkey, an aspirant
for that title, met in a fifteen-foot ring
early this morning and boxed five rounds
for points. It was their first meeting in
the ring since "Lanky Bob" put the sailor
out in the second round before the Coney
Island Athletic Club a year and a half
ago The bout was held at the Theatrical
Business Men's Club, at 139 West Forty
first street. The club held a smoker for
members only and the tip went forth that
it would be worth while attending. Both
fighters were stripped, with the exception
of their trunks, and they donned eight
ounce gloves. It was announced that the
bout was to be a friendly one and simply
for points.
In the first four rounds honors were
easy. In the fifth round the men agreed
to mix it up and they started right at it.
Fitzsimmons led with his right for the
body and landed good and stiff. He fol
lowed this up with a right hand hook
that landed on Sharkey's jaw. Sharkey
swung his right for Fitzsimmons head
and left a red spot on the lanky fighter s
cheek to show for It. They fought at close
auarters and there was an even exchange
of blows. Both men were puffing before
the round was half over.
As the men warmed up to their work
the spectators gave vent to their delight
in cheers. Sharkey got in a couple of
body blows and Fitzsimmons returned
them by landing on the sailor's massive
h From this on till the bout ended they
went at each other hotly. Blows were
coming so quickly when the gong sounded
that they could not be counted. When
the bout was over the men shook hands.
The referee declared the bout a draw.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER : 16, 1901,
County.
"I am grlad to be here to-day," he con
tinued, "if only to see the crown of glory
placed on the work done here by Father
Serda, the honored pastor of this parfsh..
When he was placed in charge twenty
five years ago the outlook was anything
but inspiring. There was no church, no
pastoral residence, no school accommoda
tion and such congregation as there was
was scarce and widely scattered.
Sacrifice of the Pastor.
"Father Serda went to work, however,
gathered together his little flock and by
the sweat of his brow— I say this literally
—built up this parish to what it is to-day.
It has meant hard work and' self sacri
fice for you all. In 1897 God tried your
courage sorely when by means of fire he
swept away in a brief hour the result
of your years of toil.
PLAN TO REDUCE
THE WAR TAXES
Ways and Means Com
mittee Informally Dis
cusses Matter.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.-Chairman
Payne of the Ways and Means Commit
tee says that no definite plans have been
made thus far for considering the ques
tion of further reducing the war taxes.
At the same time there has been much
informal discussion of the subject, much
data has been gathered concerning- the
items which can be best reduced, and
there seems to be a general purpose on
the part of the members of the commit
tee to push the important question to
the front soon after the holidays. In
speaking of the matter to-day, Payne
said:
With a surplus of about $100,000,000 I have
no doubt the Ways and Means Committee will
frame a bill reducing the revenues, probably
on the general lines of the last war tax reduc
tion bill. But there is no particular hurry in
dealing with the subject, as there are several
contingencies which may call for a large in
crease in Government expenditures, and It will
be well to understand pretty well what our
expenditures are to be before finally determin
ing on a large reduction of the revenues.
When we make the reduction we ought to
make It as large as can be made with safety
In my judgment the committee will take the
matter up soon after the holidays. Whether
we will have hearings or not will depend upon
the pleasure of the committee.
In the absence of action by the committee,
Payne will not discuss the prospects of re
duction on particular items. Already how
ever, several interests have applied for hear
ings. These include the representatives of the
tea Interests, who desire to have the 10 cent
tax Imposed by the war revenue act taken on*
that product. No formal application has been
made by the representatives of the beer and
wine interests, but both are expected to make
strong efforts for reductions In their respective
taxes. Suggestions have also reached) mem
bers of the committee that the war tax im
posed on banking capital be taken off. An
other proposition for the doing away of the
withdrawal stamp taxes on imported merchan
dise, particularly on tobacco, as these with
drawal stamps are said to be very onerous to
importers. The large tobacco Interests have
not yet made known what further reduction
they would seek on tobacco, but the independ
ent producers of manufactured tobacco and
snuff are understood to desire a reduction from
the present rate of six cents per pound. Bills
have been introduced proposing a 'reduction as
low as two cents per pound. There is no sug
gestion thus far that further changes will be
made on sugar? and cigarettes. Owing to the
large amount of surplus there is some senti
ment among the members In favor of wiping
out the entire list of war revenue taxes at a
single stroke, thus leaving the revenues and
customs law upon the basis that existed prior
to the Spanish war. \
SELBY C. OPPENHEIMER
IS" NOW A BENEDICT
Is Married to Gertrude Eunice Leavy
at the Home of the Bride's
Parents.
A pretty home wedding occurred last
evening when Selby Charles Oppenhehn
er and Miss Gertrude Eunice Leavy were
united in marriage. The ceremony was
solemnized at the home of the bride's
parents, 2727 Pacific avenue. The con
tracting parties stood beneath a beauti
ful bower of roses while Rabbi Jacob
Voorsanger pronounced the words that
made. them man and wife.
The groom is well known as the man
ager of the, California .Theater. Alfred
Ellinghouse, Openheimer's partner, in
the theatrical business, ■ acted ■ as b*st
man. - ■ - : •
-Mrs. Oppenheimer is the daughter of
Charles M. Leavy, formerly United States
appraiser of this port.
The young couple will spend their hon
eymoon in the southern part of the State.
SOME OF THE SCENES CONNECTED WITH THE LAYING OF THK
CORNERSTONE OF THE NEW SACRED HEART CHURCH, PER
FORMED YESTERDAY BY ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN.
"You were not found wanting, however,
as these splendid parish buildings testify
BITTER GROWS
THE OHIO FEUD
A Compromise Between
Foraker and Hanna
Not Probable.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
CINCINNATI, O., Dec. 15.— Much in
terest is taken in the expected trip of
George B. Cox and other Republican
leaders to Washington this week. Owing
to the contest between the friends of
Senator Foraker and Senator Hanna over
the organization of the Legislature there
is an unusual agitation all over the
State. The long distance telephone has
been in use daily between Washington
and Ohio cities, and especially with cer
tain Republicans at Columbus and Cin
cinnati, and now it is reported that there
may be another attempt at compromise
by a conference in Washington betore the
Kepublican caucuses are held at Colum
bus two weeks from next Saturday. If
no compromise be effected, it is said, both
Senators Foraker and Hanna may come
to Columbus after Congress adjourns for
the holidays, to marshal their respective
forces for the caucus contest.
During the campaign of the past sum
mer the Ohio Senators co-operated in the
interests of the Republican candidates
for the Legislature, as Senator Foraker's
successor is to be elected now (January,
14) and Senator Hanna' s successor two
years hence. The Junior Ohio Senator
was interested as well as the senior
Ohio Senator, because it so happened
tnat about 8 per cent of the members
elect are on their first terms_ tm& are
expected to be serving their second terms
when the election of Senator Hanna' s
successor takes place in the next Legis
lature. . -
The Hanna men assert that the Poraker
men proceeded after the election to form
slates for the organization of both
branches of the Legislature with ulterior
views, notably that of the retirement of
Hanna two years hence. The contest
about two weeks ago broke out into open
conflict and now there are opposing tick
ets, composed of Foraker and Hanna
men, respectively, ' for the caucuses of
both the Republican State Senators . and
the Republican Representatives. The op
posing candidates are not limited' to the
presiding officers, but the factional lines
are carried on down the list to clerks,
sergeants-at-arms and everything.
Many leading ! Republicans from . Ohio
have visited Washington the past week
and none of them reports any prospect
of peace or compromise, so the indica
tions are that the contest will continue
for almost three, weeks longer.
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 70 . pages and will weigh 17
OTinces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as follows:
Domestic. ...... i .5 cents
Foreign. .9 cents
GREAT NORTHERN DISASTER.
At iLeast One Passenger Killed an<l
Nineteen Iniured in Montana.
KALISPELL, Mont., Dec. 15.-A wreck
occurred. on the Great Northern Railroad
near Essex, in the Rocky Mountains/at
2 - o'clock this morning. Tha overland
train went into the 'ditch. The engine,
mailcar and smoker, remained on the
track,, but .all the other cars were de
railed. Some cars were overturned, and
all wsre more or less wrecked: -The ac
cident was due to' the" rails'' spreading.
Among the killed was, Otto Erickson, en
rout* from Sweden to Calif orala, - Sev-
and as this handsome foundation for a
house of God bears witness. Carrying: out
NATIONAL AID
FOR IRRIGATION
Bill to Be Introduced in
Congress After the
Holidays.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— The commit
tee of seventeen Senators and members of
the House appointed by the fu-* Congress
ional representation from the western
arid land States to draft a bill providing
for national aid for irrigation has com
pleted the bill, but it will not be intro
duced in either house of Congress until
after the holidays. The bill embodies
some of the provisions of both the Sha
roth and the Hansbrough-Newlands bills.
Its central idea is the devotion of the pro
ceeds of the sale of the public lands to the
reclamation of those lands. It also in
creases the price of the public lands to be
benefited by the proposed irrigation en
terprises so as to make settlers pay part
of the cost of construction.
The bill provides that moneys received
from the sale and disposal of public
lands in the arid land States shall be set
aside. as a reclamation fund: that examin
ation and surveys of reservoir sites, tun
nel sites for diversion of water and irri
gation , canals to be connected therewith
shall be made; that the Secretary of the
Interior may withdraw from public entry
the lands required for irrigation works
and the public lands proposed to be iriigat
ed by them, and that upon the determina
tion being reached that any irrigation
project is practicable a contract shall be
made for its construction if the estimate
of the engineer shows that the cost will
not exceed $10 per acre on the land to be
reclaimed. ' ■
After construction" the lands to be Irri
gated are to be subject to homestead en
try in areas not exceeding eighty acres
upon the entryman's paying $5 per acre
to the reclamation fund. This fund is to
be used for the construction and main
tenance of reservoirs and irrigation works
until payments for the land settled upon
are made, when all the irrigation works
except the reservoirs shall be turned over
to the settlers who are required as a body
corporate to operate and maintain them.
It also provides that In the event that
there is sufficient water for public and pri
vate lands, water rights may be sold for
the irrigation of private lands at a price
of not less than $5 per acre. •
Full power is given to condemn lands
needed for reservoirs and ditch purposes.
It is provided that State laws shall gov
ern in the matters of the appropriation
and distribution of .water. Power to make
general rules and regulations Is vested in
the Secretary of the Interior.
eral »others are supposed to have been
killed, but their names have not been
learned. Two elderly women were hurt in
ternally, and neither is expected to sur
vive. Fourteen persons were more or
less seriously hurt. Among * the injured
was Advance Agent Sycle of the McPhse
Company.
The train was going at the ' rate of
twenty-five miles an hour, when it broke
in two. The air brakes were ■ set imme
diately, preventing a more serious acci
dent. The larger number of Injured were
in the day coach. All were asleep at
the time of the accident. The day coach
caught fire, but the flames were extin
guished by the passengers.
ANACONDA, Mont., Dec. 13.— A special
to the Standard from Kalispell saya that
Otto Erickson was the only man killed
in » the Great Northern wreck near Es
sex. Ho was probably smothered to
death. ■
Among the Injured are: Joseph Kipp
of Blackfoot, badly bruised about head
and body: John Miller of Blackfoot,
bruised, not severely; Yale Gleason, San
Francisco traveling man, bruised, not se
riously; Mr. Tycle, address unknown, bad
ly cut and bruised. In all nineteen pas
sengers are reported injuredv
this work will mean self-denial all around,
but you have shown In the past that the
future may safely, be left in your hands."
The new church takes the place of the
edifice that was burned down in 1897. The
fire also destroyed the pastoral residence,
the gfrls' school and the parish hall. All
these buildings have been replaced by
handsome buildings and now the building
of the new church is well under way.
Among the priests present at the cere
monies were:
Fathers McSweeney, Butler, Cantwell. Mc-
Nally. Riordan, O'Connell. Nugent, Connolly.
Coyle, Carahar, Lane and Scanlan.
The societies which took part were
Societa de Christofero Columbo, St. Patrick s
Alliance. Y. M." I.. Ancient Order of Hiber
nians, Catholic Knights - of America, the
Junior Rank Y. M. I. of Alameda and the
League of the Cross Cadets from St. Francis de
Sales and St. Patrick's parishes.
GENERAL BOTHA
STOPS A BULLET
Receives Wound in Left
Leg During a Recent
Engagement.
DURBAN, Dec. 15.— A dispatch received
here from Nkandhla, Zululand, dated De
cember 5 and delayed in transit by the
censor, tells of a recent action near Lune
berg, Transvaal, in which Commandant
Louis Botha was shot through the left
leg below the knee. He only escaped by
crawling into the bush. His followers say
they do not know where Botha is now.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ • .
is a real substitute
for mother's milk.
Our book, '** Me Bits Food
Babies" sent free*
' — r— •
Mellin's Food Co.. Boston. Mass.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
4HUSEUH OF flN&TOHY?
@ Q) 1051UASSIi:T.lat.6±47-Ji,3.P.CiI. I
\ ,CJy The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
B ■ *r*afe*v World. Weaknesses er in? contracted A
V GS R3*J disease positively rarxdtiy the oldest "
Q flK»J2|j Specialist on the Coast. list. 36 years. ©
A §*%&\ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f^S^S Consultation free and stiirtly prirate. \
g I X&vr n Treatment personally or by iMter. A B
\ H W TI If J>0 * it ' v * Cur * ia erery c^se undertaken. \
BVn \\& Write for Book.raiLOftumy.r A
* II II 1»»HHUCE, MAILED FREE. fAT
X A IL valuable book for mm) \
V OB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Maxkrt St.. R. P. Y
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1S8L Con-
sultation and private boo*
free at office or by maiL
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CJL1»
BADWAY'S BEADY EKUKF has stood
unrivaled before the . public for JO years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drugcisu.
FEAR OUTBREAK
AMONG FILIPINOS
Spirit of Rebellion Re
vives in the Island
of Luzon.
General Chaffee Takes Vigor
ous Measures to Prevent
a Massacre.
PEKING, Dec. 16.— A private letter re
ceived here from an American general at
Manila, whose position gives his state
ments the highest authority, says that
secret service reports from all the pro
vinces of the island of Luzon show a re
markable and -widespread revival of the
spirit of rebellion there. This letter says
the American army expects a general out
break throughout the Island of Luzon, and
is taking vigorous measures to suppress
it. Manila is the center of discontent.
General Chatfee has frequent parades of
the garrison through the city streets to
display the American strength, and, fear
ing an attempt at a general massacre of
Americans, arrangements have been per
fected to concentrate the American
women and children In the public build
ings on short notice.
MANILA, Dec. 15.— General Franklin
Bell has been exceedingly active In Ba
tang-as province, where he intends by
every means available to , stamp out the
insurgents.
Lieutenant Hennessy of the Eight In
fantry, together with one American scout
and six Filipinos, captured an Insurgent
major with forty-two men, twenty-two
rifles and 8SO rounds of ammunition, with
out the loss of a man.
A number of captured documents and
papers, now In the hands of General Beil,
Implicate in the insurrection the presi
dente and other prominent natives at
Li an, Batangas province.
General Bell has notified the natives in
Batangas that on December 2S he proposes
to concentrate them in the neighborhood
of the towns. He will move their live
stock, rice. etc.. to within the limits of
concentration. After that date everything
outside these limits will be confiscated.
The roads from Batangas and Lacuna
provinces are lined with a continuous
stream of native men, women and chil
dren, in carry-alls, carts and mounted on
cariboos, seeking safety from the horrors
of war.
The column under Colonel Theodore J.
Wlnt of the Sixth Cavalry is zealous in
Its operations against the insurgents, and
has received high praise from the military
authorities.
The insurgent General Torre?, who was
found guilty by a military commission of
ordering the assassination of an Ameri
can corporal and sentenced to be hanged,
but whose sentence was disapproved by
General Chaffee, broke down when he was
released. He said it was just that his
life be spared, because he was innocent
of the crime imputed to him. He has ex
pressed his highest regard and warmest
feelings for General Chaffee and his ap
preciation that the supreme military pow
er in the Philippines is in the hands of
such a man. Torres says he is submis
sive to the existing conditions.
Patterson, the English secretary to
Slxto Lopez, who was expelled from the
Philippines for refusing to swear allegi
ance to the United States, left her« to
day for Hongkong on the United States
array transport "Warren.
4» » » t t t » ♦■■»..t..t..?..»-t-f..»..»..»-t-«-t-»-T..t. A
The dispatch. adds that the British took
eighty prisoners.
JOHANNESBURG. Dec. 13.— Within
three months 10,000 refugees are expecte I
to return here. Permission has been
granted to the mines to start one hun
dred new stamps weekly. The railway is
now able to cope ■with the increased traf
fic. Eight new engines were bought dur
ing the last few months, and there ha-«
also been large additions of now rolling
stock. .The Stock Exchange will shortly
reopenl The Star, a newspaper, will start
after January 1. The registry of th<» Su
preme Court will open in January for the
issuing of writs. The court will sit in
March. Twenty-two prisoners chargp*!
with conspiracy are about to be brought
to trial.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
Cervtemeri
daiivty saxhets
will be honored in
over 150 dtora&in
the United States
Sales ro om ■• 200 vosi st
W.M.&xrviiK A^arct
Specialists
Sltrictly Reliable.
! The Largest Prac-
tice on the Pa-
cific Coast.
THERE IS NO SUCH CONDITION AS
weakness in a man under fifty years oC
■gre, other than general debU'.tj-. Prerr.ature-
ness, loss of vitality, etc.. are but symptorru
of some damage to the reproductive system,
caused by a contracted disorder or ear'y din- *
slpation. In looking for the location of this
damage we generally flnd an enlarged. »woll*n
and inflamed prostate gland. As this gland is
the very center of the reproductive system It
can readily be understood that inflammation of
It must cause disordered function. These cas«i
ar« promptly benefited by proper treatment;
otherwise the patient goes from bad Jo worse.
The essential point in all of th?m Is the neces-
sity of the cure of the focus of the trouble in
the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully
treated for. a weakness rnd become discour-
aged, when if an antiphlogistic plan of fx*at'
ment had been adopted instead of tonics —
cure would have been the result. In cur er
perience there Is no drug in the pharmaccperx
taken into the stomach, that will even benefit
this class of cases. Our plan of treatment la
entirely a local one and prompt results itre ob-
tained, as indicated by Increased circulation
and return of natural vigor. Our colored chart
which we mail on application, is interesting t<i
any one wishing to study the anatomy of tho
male.
Contracted Blood Disease
Cured by ihe fnjec'hn Treatment.
After ten years' use of this method w* havo
v,. no . r * asol » to change; on the cor.trarv. our
belief increases dally from reports of patients
treated who have married and suffered no re-
lapse. It otters the foMotrln? advantage:* viz.:
8aves tim- for the physician and patient, at
well as labor, office visits being rendered In-
frequent. Besides, little change Is necessary
in diet or hab!t3 of life, the disease is readilr
concealed and permanent cure is effected In a
short time, the stomach Is not drugsed and the
precise dosasre 13 obtainable. The expense «l-o
is greatly reduced
Dr. Taleeit & Co.. 997 Market St., Ccr. 6!j.
DR.PiERC£S
MEDICAL.
FOR THE
BLOOP,BJVER.lUftGS.
CAMP OCEAN ROAR — Situated on Tomales
Bay; good accommodations for camping,
bunting, fishing and boating. Cottages and
tenfs. Cottages ?2 50 per week: board JC 50
per week. Boats 50c a day. \VM. AKCHER.
i < P. O. Tomales. Cai.
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUEDCESS OFFICE of The San P"ranei»eo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
cMl 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery «treet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
too Hayes etreet: open until 9:38 p. m.
CSS McAllister Btreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
22S1 Market Etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
cr.til 9 p. m.
106 Eleven th »tr«et. open nntll 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia etreet. open until • p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tacky etreeta; open until 9 p. m.
gOO nilmorc street; open nntll I p. m.
MEETING yOTICES^
A5rrL"CM~of~Goiden^Gate Commandery •y-_
No. 10, K. T., 023 Sutter st. — Stated TSEH" 1
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 RJ
o'clock. Order of Temple. All ira- \g?
ters are courteously Invited.
H D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLJCH. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. ft
Roval Arch Masons, has lta annual JFkf
meeting THIS EVEXgg.^ 8ec ftfl
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7::jO o clock. TKJ\
First degree. By order of the \\. M. ' *
A. A ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127 F. and A. •
t*. — Called meeting THIS DAT. MOJ>-
DAY. December 16, 1901. at 7:30 7t3T
o'clock p. m.. lor installation of offi- ' v >
cers. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodce No. 136, F. and A. M.. ■
121 Eddy et.. ■will meet on MONDAY.
the 16th. at 10 a. m. sharp, to attend TKi\
the funeral of cur late brother. JA- /V^
COB DEUTSCH. Master Masons are ln-
vltea. GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodse No. 136. F. and A. M.. ■
121 Eddy Bt.. will meet on MONDAY. _J0%_
the ICth, at 10:30 a. m.. to attend the pQJX
funeral of our late brother. JACOB /V»
JCEUTSCH. Master Mason are Invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
Cal., will be held e.t its banking-house, S01
Montgomery 'st, San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY. January 14, 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m., for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
cuch other business as may come before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
Ban Francisco, December 13, 1901.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. W. Stone Sr.. in the Red
Hill gravel mine, near PlacervHle. El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings In a worked-
out pit; from Mrs. Olivene A. Stone, In the
Gignac gravel mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings In "Webber
Creek; and from J. B. Lassiat In the Las-
riat mine at Poker Flat. Sierra County, to
deposit tailings in a worked-out pit. gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
E9. Flood building, San Francisco, Cal.. on
December ISM, at 1:30 p. m.
ACEVTS WASTED.
GOOD canvassers for the city: something en-
tirely new; big money fcr live men. Call
9 to 12 a. m.. 613 Market St.. room 9.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
CITT ASPHALTUM CO.. €32 Market st-Roofs.
cioetralks. floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 233!.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success ; established 16 yrs.
Open evenlnps by appointment: phone John 31S1.
G. W. HOWE. SoO Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorces private: bankruptcy : col-
lections : attachments ; mortgages : bills of sale:
partnerships ; deeds; wills drawn;fees low; open
eve' 6. THURSTON..100S'4 Mkt.. r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket St. f consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women:
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market ets.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD^
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 295*.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-7C6-708 Mission gt
BLUEAUTTRCXICS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. S26 Howard.
BISIM3SS CHASCES.
A^f2OOoT SALOON, about 20 feet from Call
building; rent $125; long lease; rarest
chance in the market Call R. G. WILKE.
26^ Kearny st.
A— 4100oT~PARTNER wanted in pork and deli-
catessen store close to Market st; good busi-
ness: only honest party need apply. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26'ti Kearny St.
A — J1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
st.; rent f£5; place establ. many years and
doing a good business; value in Eight. Call
R. G. WILKE. Kearny st
A — $300; CORNER saloon -with 3 rooms; rent
$20; good business and finest locatloln in the
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $CO0; COFFEE saloon and restaurant estab-
lished years; first-class paying; located dose
to Chronicle bldg: bargain; call soon. R. G,
WILKE. 2C^4 Kearny st. -
A— «500: RESTAURANT on Ellis st doing i
rushing and good paying business; rent only
$35- place easily clears $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A — $900; SALOON including S furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat: rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26'.£ Kearny st
A — $1500: BAKERY. Including stock; rent $40;
living rooms; best location; no opposition; es-
tablished years; good paying; sickness of
owner only cause of eale. See R. G. WILKE,
25 ii Kearny Et
A — $000; SALOON. Sacsome et.: rent $25; very
choicest location and a gt>od paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $1000; CORNER Baloon on Sixth st; rent $60
net: good nayicp business; no better location
on Sixth 6t Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
Keamy Et.
STENBERG CO.. 753 Market st
Phone Black 5401.
Buys and sells real estate, furniture, lodging
houses, restaurants, business chances. Phone
calls promptly answered.
CHRISTMAS BARGAINS.
51100 — CONFECTIONERY and candy factors",
clearing $300 monthly: sickness compels sale.
$250 — Cigar Etore. est. 30 yrs.; living rms.
$;jOO— Candy etore, Ellis st.; central location.
STENBERG CO.. 758 Market st
$2000— DRUG Etore; Invoice $1800; doctor will
pay rent; lease 1^ years; clears $200 per
month; near Market Ft.; on a busy street;
fine location. DECKER, 921 Market Bt.
CIGAR stand $75; rent $10; can make a good
living: partner wanted In a good chophouse.
DECKER. »21 Market st
$."j0 — BARBER shop. Sixth St.. near Market; 4
chairs; 3 running. DECKER. U21 Market st.
McBRIDE & CO., 705 Market st
If you want to buy or sell business, call at
our office, rm. 2; see our large list of differ-
ent chances; a friendly Inquiry costs nothing.
AT a great sacrifice — $125 will buy a first-class
restaurant; must be sold at once; party leav-
ing the city. McBRIDE & CO., 7C5 Market
MILES & CO.. 927 Market St., room 208.
£4500 — Hotel in dairy country; always full.
$5000 — Hotel In farming country; close to city.
*0C0 — Restaurant, this city; very central.
$2000 — Saloon and building; rent $40.
A full list of all kinds business chances too
long to advertise; see us.
$350 — PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
business; clears $100 to $150 per month to
each partner. Call 035 Market St., room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
business; must be Eold; price $450; call and
Investigate. Room 14, 935 Market st
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy Et, rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
etores, cigar 6tores. ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
A — $350; RESTAURANT; old established; re-
ceipts $25 day; must be sold Monday account
departure. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
A— WE buy. sell or exchange business of all
kinds. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny gt.
A — RARE chance; stationery and notion store
for sale; established 20 years; auctioneer*
please take notice. Call at 450 Third st.
Monday.
S-550—RnSTAURANT. Market Bt; It's a little
mint; clears $100 month: big snap; must sell.
BrtOYTN & CO.. 1221 Market 6t.
A — FOR cigar etands that actually make money
see C. L. HEDGES. 401-462 Parrott bldg.
FOR SALE^ — Saloon, big dining-room and
kitchen: 8 furnished rooms upstairs; rea-
sonable rent and price. Apply 45 Eacramento
ct., between 9 a. in. and 5 p. m.
WANTED— To rent a centrally located board-
Ing house, unfurnished, about 40 rooms; north
side or on Market Bt. : new house preferred.
Address box 2115, Call offlce. ■ - .
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery, on account
of death. Inquire at 1697 Folsom st.
$250 — FOR sale; good will and fixtures of Ba-
loon: a bargain. Apply 157 Minna sty- /
$700 — HALF interest In manufactur!n«r busi-
oest; wholesale and retail. 2C7 Fourth et.
BPSITfKSS CHAXCE8— CQTiHimoji.
BEST opportunity ever offered — Requiring from
*lO0 to $1000 for purchase of profitable busi-
ness located In Pacific Coast States Philip-
pines. China, Japan, Hawaiian Islands," Alas-
ka- guaranteed expenses to point of location.
Apply 20 O'Farrell st.. room -.between 10
a. ro. and 5 p. m. -^
S3 WON 532 last week — Expert system; safest
and best devised; advisory bulletin issued
daily. Particulars National Turf Agency.
105 Ellis st.
$600 — ROADHOUSE saloon; no opposition; lo-
cation the finest; owner retiring; long lease;
cheap rent. Business Board Trade, 32« Pine.
FOR sale— A flrst-class candy store, good busi-
ness and location, on account of sickness.
Apply 304 O'Farrell, bet. Taylor and Mason.
PARTNER wanted with Email capital In sa-
loon; clears $80 to $SH> each; low rent and
long lease. Miles & Co., 927 Market, rm. 208.
ESTABLISHED fruit store, doing cash busi-
ness; two teams; selling on account of HI
'' health. Box 2788, Call offlce.
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER, 124 Myrtle Bt.,
Santa Cruz, Cal. "
RESTAURANT privilege for sale at Seventh
and Market sts., under Odd Fellows' Hall.
$300 — PARTNER wanted' In light business.
Call room 14, 935 Market Bt.
GOOD experienced power sewing machine oper-
. atcr, or one that has worked In overall fac-
tory. 1139 Mlssloi st. ,
GOOD chance; - old established butcher shop:
cheap. Box 2731, Call offlce.
FOR sale— A good planing mill In a lumber
yard; located In a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal. -
BLACKSMITH shop for sale. 205 Eighth Bt.
Established Mfg. wholesale and retail business;
good location: $1600. Call 247 Fifth st.
" LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.. i
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. .
SO rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200 $2200
83 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $200 2000
10 rooms; downtown; clears $80 700
30 rooms; elegant; owner slclc 2200
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100
44 rooms; fine yard 3000
20 rooms; on Kearny 1400
18 rooms; rent $50; sickness 1250
18 rooms ; sunny corner 1000
10 rooms; downtown 700
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
20 rooms; on Kearny 1400
23 roome: clears $100 950
100 rooms; clears $400 6000
60 rooms; clears §350 3600
54 -room corner house 4000
10 rooms; on Eddy st S50
18 rooms; on Third st 050
24 rooms; 2 fronts; clears ?200 1600
3S rooms; best in the city 2000
60 rooms; sure to clear $300 3G00
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 790.
A— Near the Call Building.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3,
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st..«ns. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real eEtate.
9 r. : respectable; installments; central. . ..$250
10 r.; installments; respectable; house lull. 300
28 r.; Installments; permanent and tran-
sient; rent $60; clears $90 mo.; bargain.. 600
14 r. ;boarding-house; income $159 over rent;
bran% new; part cash, part In payments. 1300
15 r. :one floor ;sunny;swell location; strictly
lst-class: splendid surroundings ;porcelaln
baths; marble steps; steady roomers;
clears $58 per mo. ;leaving city;part cash. 1300
3S r. : a central, fashionable ' family hotel;
elegant furnishings; full; clears $175.
40 r. ; Sutter st. ; fine: clears $217 a month.
20 r. ; Installments; clears $80 mo. over rent.1000
24 r.; rent $40; installments; clears $63 900
80 r.; fi^e. sunny corner house; bargain 2G00
A CHRISTMAS PRESENT A
FOR YOU FOR YOU FOR YOU
60 Booms; central; transient; rent $200.. $4300
30 rooms; new house; running water
every room; rent $S0 1C00
15 rooms; bonton; only. $300 cash 900
20 rooms; rent $40; business street.. T. SO0
14 rooms; a snap; rent $45 900
40 rooms; new house; new fur.; rent $75.
10 rooms; fine new sunny fiat... 1200
25 rooms; sunny corner; rent $90 2200
17 rooms; a money-maker; rent $60.... 900
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
We'll loan you all money needed to buy these
or any house in city.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
S50 Market st Telephone Davis 2S1.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments :
9 rooms; bargain: S.%0 cash, bal. paymts $150
22 rooms; income $200; elegant; bargain. 1500
8 rooms ; well furnished 400
33 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150.... 1200
16 rooms; corner: part cash 1000
28 rooms; clears SCO: payments.. 400
99 rooms; grand corner: clears $600 . 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker.. 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 900 Market st.
DO YOU WANT A LODGING-HOUSE?
IF SO
SEE . ........... .....*.••••.••••
WINSTON & WOLF.iode MARKET ST."
(THE RELIABLE AGENTS.)
7 r. ; brand new; G. G. ave. ; part cash. $550
11 r. ; corner; offices: part cash; $10 monthly.
15 r.; corner; near Powell st $900
17 r. ; rent $30; reduced to 450
20 r.; brand new furniture: modern bldg.
20 r. ; must Eell: make offer; see this!
28 r.; apartment house; corner $2500
18 r. ; rent only $50; payments 850
65 r. ; finest corner in city; we have it.
__________
£50 Market _t. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our lfst of bargains.
52 r.: low rent: best house In city: never
changed hands; Income $G00; Investigate. •
13 r.; total expenses $175; apartments $3250 •
56 r. : rent $140; first-class room, house.. 3250
13 r.: rent $150: part offices; good house.. 1800
10 r.; rent $»O; clears $100; good fur 1800
17 r.; rent $45: cor.; oak fur.; clears $100. 850
11 r. : Jones residence; nice home C50
i r.; rent $45; modern flat; reduced 375
McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market St.. rooms 1 and
2 — WorklnRinen's houses, 32 rooms $400, 100
rooms $1500. 120 rooms $2000. all full and
money-makers: transient, 23 rooms, all light,
near Market, $1550; must sell, 22 front rooms,
Kearny St., $1800; good houses; 50 more
houses. Call and Investigate and If suited
make an offer.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
Lodging-houses. Lodging-houses.
CLEAR TITLE.
Money to loan at lowest Interest.
SEE LIST 200 HOUSES.
BRANDON BROS.. 903 Market, rooms 1-2.
$2000 — 44-ROOM lodging-house: all newly fur-
nished; situated on very busy corner; 10 bay-
windows: reason, owner Is sick: we have also
&O others: see us before you buy. MILES &
CO., 927 Market Bt.. room 20S.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in ell parts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market Ft.
A — FOR sale. 250 lodging-houses; prices $125
to $5000. See STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE. 16 rooms; all rented;
rent $35; good location. DECKER, 921 Markt.
FLAT to let: furniture for sale at a great sac-
rifice. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market, r. 1 & 2.
ROOMING-HOUSE, 17 rooms: rent $30; full of
men; best location; price $400. 28^4 Clay st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 60c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life Deader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings, 50c, $1; circle every night, 1 0c,
MME. THYES, removed 993 Market; all receive
tests Sun., Tues., Thurs., 8 p. m.; priv. read.
Mrs. Valeen. automatic writing; palmist, clair.;
succeeds when others fall. 1583 Mrkt, nr. 12th.
KATIE HEUSSMAN removed to 1774 15th. nr.
Guerrero; circles Sunday eve... 23c: sit. daily.
EDWARD EARLE. J28 Ellis, phone Polk 16C1;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ONE DOLLAR! ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London. ;-. -':
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ". ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love a,nd
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 dally; 10 to S
Sundays. "
Reception rooms, 13, • 14. first floor.
1104 — MARKET STREET — 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnklnd's.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known tranca
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st..- cor. Golden i Gate ave.. rooms 23 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; leadings by mall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1901.
_ CLAIRVOYANTS-— Con<inned.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~~— ~
THE FAMOUS S T=.V
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st,, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45C9.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
Becret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215% (ith.
MME. . PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight:
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
1 poslte Sixth: private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis;. clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. 1206 Market— Suite 34 and 35; won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
ings, $1 & J2; readings by mail; satisfac. guar.
MME. LAROSE. 777V4 Market st, room 21, the
gifted clairvoyant, card reader; 25c up.
MME. WINZOLA. medium, palmist and mag-
netic treater: read, dally. 148 Sixth, room 12.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
. dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MISS LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c. 00c. 1C8 Tehama St.. off 3d.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles,
25c; gents, 50c; no sign. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sundays.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. 510% Leavenworth St., S. F.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G.TiOc.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., near 4th.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant: fee 25c and
50c. 349% Minna St.. near Fifth. ,
BROCKWAY'S seance to-night,' 2t5c. 1052 Ellis
st., between Franklin and Gough.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c np. 5 Fourth-st.
j CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South '40.
MODERN CO. ; steam cleaning, 3c: laying ;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mfssion.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 304. ' GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH- & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2G3.
CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333, Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS Mgr., 3S-4O 8th st. ; tel. Soujh 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
painless) no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chi-
ropodist, indorsed by med.prof n. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency; 6th
floor; 916 Market St.; advics free. Tel. Bush
114: able body of attorneys.
DENTISTS.
| A— DR. T. S.' HIGGINS. 027 Market St., Emma
! Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
| able prices; pure gold fillings, fl 50; other flll-
iings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
■ and guaranteed, $5 up.
j Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
1 EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling's by my
j wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
: experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants,
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 800 Market, cor
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gok
crowns, $3 50 up;plates, extractions frce,$4 5(
up; offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D. S. p Manager
A NEW plate — The "Whalebone — cannot break
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; 1st
class results. W. C. HARDING, M.D., den
tist, room 24. 14 McAllister st.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
i Full net. of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 069 Mission, SE. cor. Cth
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work b:
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G
YOUNG. 1841 PolK st.
DR.R.L.WALSH.815»4 Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
less ext., .10c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN^'dentist. third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
• DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES j
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School — .
Class rates ; patterns , cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIOXAL.
SECOND term night school for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and j
Ellis sts. ; 15-week courses, beginning Janu-
ary 6; bookkeeping course $5, electrical i
course $5, English course .■>.'!, stenographer's
course *4; classes In algebra. Anglo-Ameri-
can history, architectural drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government,
civil 'service, commercial geography, com-
mercial law, electricity, elocution, English,
free-hand drawing, geometry, German, • me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archi-
tecture, penmanship, political science, social
economics, steam engineering, stenography
and typewriting. Apply at offlce for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACURDA, Edu-
cational Director; H. J. McCOY, Gen. Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
- tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and, night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $00 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 p6st~StT!
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, ,law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50;. catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business Collogre; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new (10-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin ,st.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlning.mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1S&4. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City^Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners.college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
! A FULL course of Ellis' bookkeeping. and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236, Market st. ■
C." HOFFMAN,; the European tenor and voice
builder: Italia\ method. Concert and ora-
torio. 1017 Sutter st. . .
A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine st.; board;
Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo. ;coach.
I TENOR lyric,- high with powerful . voice, de-
| Fires engagements. Address box 2681, Call. -
i VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of . Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
LEO Cooper's. School of Acting, S14 Geary St.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin. Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 77C O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College. n;:r. Market, nr. 10th.
- Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $Q mo.
■_'■_ EDCCATIONAL^-Contlnqed.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Plna «t. -.'
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^-J^P^^SE^TeTiablTTiouse cleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Klnochlta, 1233 Page St.: tel. Fell 8501.
br'ch 605 Stevenspn, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, . waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT w^manTfine cook; will do small
pieces in American family; city or country;
good city references; no postals or notes. 824
Mission st., near Fourth. I . ■■-
WANTED— By a young lady, quick to learn, a
position to learn the milliner's trade; will
pay for tuition. Address STAR, box 2116,
Call offlce. '..•;! ■ ' -
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook, will do
some washing and kind to children; will go
short distance in country; references. 211
Fifth st. • ■ .
GOOD cook wants position in family ; no ob-
jection ..to small washing. I Apply 653 Fol-
som st.. -near Third. ' ■ •
RELIABLE competent English woman desires
to do housework; is good cook; city Ameri-
can family; wages $20. Call 100 Fifth St..
WOMAN with references wants cooking or
housework; is good laundress; would work
by the day. M. H., 1024 Howard st. ; car fare.
WOMAN wishes housekeeper's position; wages
reasonable; references given. Please call
2015 Hyde St.. bet. Union and Filbert.
WOMAN wants situation to do housework;
good cook and laundress. 204 Van Ness ave.
A RELIABLE Derson desires a position; house-
work or cooking. 707 Mina st.
COMPETENT woman with 2 young girls wants
situation in the country; experienced cook
and general houseworker; small wages;- best
references; letters. MRS. ABEL./717 Howard
• St., room 1G, between Third and Fourth.
A STRICTLY first-class colored woman cook
wants Dosition in first-class private board-
ing-house; S40. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..
' 335 Geary, it. \ . . ■ ■
DRESSMAKER from New York wants en-
gagements in families: tailor made and
evening dresses; beautiful styles. 427 Sut-
ter st., 2 bells.
DRESSMAKING — A perfect fitter on ladles'
tailoring and evening suits wants engage-
ments; $1 50 per day. 244 Taylor st
NURSES — 2 young women between 20 and 30
years of age, of good health and morals. For
particulars apply 1051 Market St.. Cfakland.
WETNURSE — A healthy woman of 30, having
1 a healthy baby 1 month old. wishes position
ps wetnurse. Apply 1051 Market st, Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar- I
ket — 200 rooms; 25>; to $1 50 per night; $1 50 j
j to ?U week; convenient and respectable; free I
| bus and baggage to and from ferry. i
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnee, 2200 Fillmore.,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — 'MALE. I
FIRST-CLASS dairyman wishes to take charge !
of dairy of 70 cows with his own help; good i
references; reasonable wages. T. p., 21% |
Harrison ave., off Kolsom st.
SOBER young- man of 25 wants work of any
kind, or would work in packing-house or
machine shop; 8 years' experience in dried |
fruit; good references. Box 2100, Call office. I
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; single;
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; will-
ing arid obliging: expert horseman and driver;
very best references. Address box 2633, Call.
SITUATION wanted as bartender: city or
country. Addr%ss B. WACHTER, 522 Stock-
ton st. j
GARDENER who worked four years In last !
place In Sin Mateo Co. and understands
propaKatlng, hothouses, etc., wishes situa- I
tion; best references. ANDRE'S, 316 Stock-
•J ton St.: shone Main 1304. ■ . ■
I WANTED — Position by young man; experl-
; enced bookkeeper and shipping clerk; relia-
' ble and Industrious; references. Box 2733.
Call. --■:.-■
RELIABLE young man wants place in gro-
i eery or saloon: speaks German and French:
! private family or hotel preferred. Box 2734,
Call. . ■ .
SITUATION wanted by a first-class dry goods
man and good window dresser; small salary
no objection: be3t of references. Address j
box 27'J1. Call office. ;
RELIABLE elderly man wants work to care i
fcr horse, cow and garden; good references; j
small wages. Address Reliable, box 2771,
Cal lofflce.
A YOUNG pastry cook desires position. 1127 j
McAllister st. j
YOUNG man. strong and willing, wants work
of any kind. Box 2763, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH olnce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ■
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— "We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. ' Call I
or address main offlce, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg. !
I COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock !
taken In payment for services; good mining j
• and industrial propositions .wanted: gold ;
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
" AND INVESTMENT CO,. 326 Post Bt. -
FLATS TO LET.
; SUNNY modern flai; 15 rooms: marine viaw.
2S Pleasant st., near Sacramento, abovo
Taylor.
i HARRIET, 339— 4-room flat. $9; no children.
1 I Between Bryant and Brannan, 6th and 7th. |
I LOWER flat; 25O5i,4 Howard st; 5 rooms and {
i bath; warm belt. j
■ VALLEJO, 1220. bet. Hyde & Leavenworth—
Cottage, flat 4 rms.; yard: marine view; $12. i
' $S — UPPER rear flat of 3 sunny rooms. 27 1
Pearl st.. off Market, near Valencia. , ; "f ■■-,'.. I
■ 5 ROOMS, bath, yard" 25 Lloyd, bet. Scott I
I and Devlsadero, Waller and Thirteenth; $15.
, $20—6 ROOMS and bath. 176 Julian ave., nr.
. Sixteenth st. SPARROW, 107 Geary st. •
I $25 — MODERN flat, SE. cor. of McAllister and
• Broderick sts.; 0 rooms and bath.
', A WEEK'S news for S cents-The Weekly Call.
j 16 pfaes. in wrapper for mailing. \\ per year.
- FOR SALE.
- FURNITURE of an elegant home ?or Pale,
with the privileges of renting. Box 2716,
Call office.
.' 4 ROOMS furnished in oak. »48 50, with No. 7
- range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
I FURNITURE WANTED.
. WILSON, buys all klnd3 of household goods.
y 1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
\ A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
I A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st : telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
h •
> GLOVES. .
- CHRISTMAS present— Danicheff glove order;
" factury prloe guar.: ker>t In repair. 121 Grant.
\ . HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
n MRS." mTe DAY" & CO . . . Phone Main 1575
1. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...:
Wai tresses, city and country, $20 and $25;
chambermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid,
- $20.. ..........
:• ..... . . . FAMILY DEPARTMENT
r Parlormaid and waitress, $25; houseglrl, Ala-
'* meda, $25; houseglrl, Napa, $30;- houseglrl,
. Oakland, $25; second girl; choice, reliable
'positions, city, best wages. .'........".......
e * MRS. M. E." DAY. & CO. . . . . . .335 Geary at.
." MIDDLE-AGED -German- or Scandinavian
woman, good plain cook, some housework;
e wages $20 per month. Apply between S and
11 a. m., 2520 Clay st. ~
_ WANTED— Experienced saleslady. KOLAN-
l; DER'S Music and Picture Store, 14S4 Market
i. St., opposite 8th. ■
~ SALESLADIES for hosiery, handkerchiefs and
ribbons. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Market.
d WANTED — Apprentices to ■ learn halrdressing,
manicuring. Call 633 Ellis st, ground floor.
JT WANTED-^A young girl for general housework
and assist with cooking. ' 118A Fulton st.
, ; GIRL for general housework; good plain cook;
r. wages $20; references. 36C8 Twentieth st
a WANTED — A neat girl for second work; must
t. know how to sew. 1180 O'Farrell st.
\. EXPERIENCED • dressmakers wanted. 623
j. Sutter st/. room 3.
jaEL^WAMTEb^FBMALE--C_on.; ; _ !
,V ANTED— WORKING GIRLS and WOMEN to
learn- hair dressing, manicuring, ' electrical
face massage, shampooing, dyeing and bleach-
ing, etc. ; full course, 3 weeks; tuition J5; posi-
tions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
in; fine stores now open to those entering im-
mediately. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COL-
' LEGE, . first and only school of the kind on
Pacific Coast; all others are Imitators. S. F.
Halrdressing College, 233 Geary, rooms 13-13.
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont st. ; . no experience
r.eceEsary: good pay. steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — A first-class waitress; good wages.
Apply Hotel Crocker, 915 Leavenworth st.
SALESLADIES' wanted; fancy goods store.
1400, Stockton st.
3IRL for general- housework, cooking and laun-
dry; S25 month. Apply this aft.. 946 Halght.
WANTED — 25 young women living at home,
who embroider, to train for teaching em-
broidery in the Japanese method; training
free and position assured ; teachers paid 60c
. per lesson ; can give 4 a day. Box 2310, Call.
WANTED — First-class seamstress to make
neckwear. Apply at HALE BROS, before
11 a. m.
A. WOMAN, free from home cares, can secure
permanent position by addressing at once.
Box 2753, Call offlce. -'
GIRLS, be independent; entire course in halr-
dressing; 3 weeks, $5; materials furnished.
633 Ellis st.. ground floor. ■
GIRL wanted for light housework; small fam-
ily. •„" 225 Lacuna st.
EXPERIENCED operators on hemstitching
machine. 220 Sutter St., room 28.
APPRENTICES for ladies' tailoring; paid and
steady. 819 Post st. <
WANTED — Sales women. Apply at HALE
BROS." before 11 a m.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at New Mechanics'
Hotel. 444 Brannan st.
WANTED — Experienced hands as coat finish-
ers and buttonholers. 43S Geary st.
WANTED — Girls .to sew shirts; steady work,
good pay; a few beginners taught. Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO., 21) and 31 Battery st.
YOUNG lady wanted for Russian dance; ex-
perlenced dancer pref. 20 O'Farrell Bt.. r. 26.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. 5180 Slx-
teenth st.. near Guerrero. ' .
GIRL to assist In housework. 2106 Bush ef. ■ '
WANTED — A chambermaid at the Manhattan
House. 825 Battery st. < .
WANTED— Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subserlptlor-s
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP AVAXTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & -READY Phone Main 5S18
(J34-630 CLAY ST
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
. .; OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
Carriage trimmer, country shop $3 day
Shingle' packer and sawyer *t>5 and found
2 sash weight molders; 3 machinists, 0 hours
day; young man for lettering and designing
metal and rubber work
Furnace man, quicksilver mine, $65 and
house; slack cooper, see boss here. $35 and
. found; 5 blockmakers, see boss here; 15 farm
hands; 0 farmers, orchard work
5 plow teamsters $30 and found
G pruners. apricot and peach trees..
| ...■ i $30 and found
I Horse clipper; 2 stablemen $40 and $50
; Milker, city. $05; milker, country dairy, $30
', and found [
| Italian vegetable gardener $40 and house
.3 cboremen; 2 choreboys; old. man for chores,
ranch, $10 and found; 10 tiemakers, good
Job, 12c each; 25 woodchoppers, $1 25 to $1 50
cord; milk wagon driver. , city. $30 and
| found ""
I HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and wife, man as cook, wife as wait-
ress $f<0 and found
Cook, restaurant, near city $40 and found
Cook, short order, Mendocino County
$:!5 and found
3 cooks for other places; waiter, city, $40:
; waiter, country hotel, fare 75c, $30 and
I found; waiter. Colusa County. $30; 7 waiters.
! other places; baker, mining camp, steady Job.
! $45 and found; cake baker, south. $35 and
i found; young man to drive for bakery, city,
| $20 and found; kitchen hand. $25; dishwash-
i ers. $15 $20 and $25. MURRAY & READY,
C34-636 Clay st/ '
HOTEL cook, $45 and found; camp cook, $55;
cook and dishwasher, country restaurant, $60;
restaurant second cook, $00; waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
C28 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS gardener; farmer and wife,
small place, $35; car builders; 10 laborers
for quarry, $2 a day: 10 tiemakers. 10c to
14c;- 3 men for grubbing. $20 and found;
driver for milk wagon, $30 and found : pruner.
■ $1 a day, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
I 628 Sacramento st.
I AT .W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay St.
; Baker, country shop $45 and found
; Driver for milk wagon. $30 and found
| German harnessmaker for ranch $3T»
Farmer to rent 600-acre ranch; basalt block
| makers, piece or day work.
BOY, age about 16, to work In cigar stand
part of day; one lives at home preferred. Call
at 201 Powell st., between 11 and 12 a. m.,
Monday.
BARBER chairs — 2 high-grade hydraulics,
nearly new. will be sold* at extremely low
price. STOLTZ. 723 Market, History bldg.
"WANTED — A good boy 14 to 10 years old In
a wholesale house. Address box 2103. Call
office."
BARBER shop and baths; one of the best In
j Bakersfleld: good baiber can buy it with one
; of men working there. STOLTZ, 723 Market.
j WANTED — Good steady union barber; no other
, need apply. 175!) Union st.
! WANTED — First-class barber, short hours, at
; 230 California st.
ERRAND boy wanted; good wages. Cll'-s
Stevenson st.
STRONG boy wanted at 128 Eleventh st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Dishwasher at 1506 Kentucky St.,
j Potrero.
j WANTED — A strong young man with expe-
i rlence to work In bakery. 011 Vi Larkln st.
j __________^____^____^_________
j WANTED — A union barber at 709 Geary st.
I ■ _^^^__
! WAITER at 10 Powell st.
YOUNG man to make himself useful In oyster
j house. Southeast cor. 24th and Folsom sts.
WANTED — Experienced men wrappers. Apply
at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch'; able to speak and read English. For
i . further information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
BARBER shop in country; running 3 chairs
and 2 baths: established 20 years; a bargain.
DECKELMAN UROS.; 106 Ellis st. . Y \ .
WANTED — Reliable young man with $75 cash;
light indoor work; $15 week; steady place; no
! experience; only those meaning business need
apply. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. ,
. WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
i that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 2">c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN'S furnishing goods salesman.' Apply
; with references, EAGLESON & CO.. 635
Market st. ,
" WANTED — Carriage woodworker and all-round
• man. 265 Stevenson st., or Bay View . Car-
riage Factory, San Rafael.
AN. old established 4-chair barber shop for sale
cheap. Box 2787, Call offlce.
• WANTED — An experienced milk wagon driver;
good wages. Apply at 1421 Buchanan St.
. BARBER shop In country; fine place for man
. and wife. Inquire at WILL & FINCK'S.
1 WANTED — Experienced domestic • salesman.
■ Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.
5 GET- your shoes half-soled while waiting; -25o
to 50c. B63 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d ats.
1 WANTED — Cash boys. Apply between S and
. 11 a. m.. HALE BROS. .
1 WANTED— First-class . machinists and Iron
. molders. : 505 Mission St. v,'. .
- ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
t propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
J DOc up; soling 20o up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
- SAILORS, ordinary, 'for ships for all parta of
V the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
• MCDONALD & PERRY have COO pairs second-
'&■ .'hand shoes for sale;.C0c up. 241 Third st. ,
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
; - mailed. S. ■ F. Barber College. 741A .Howard.
- PENSION 'atty., E. A. ;Bu11Is. 3. 40, Phelan
t : big.': Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A. R.
- WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
8 ' ket — 700 rooms, 25c 7 night ;. reading" rooms;
-fre« 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday Dec. 1*. at 11 a. m.. at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. "
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, on« 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAB-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth at. ;
GOOD cheap horse wanted. HUFSCHMIDT' S.
1235 Market st. "
F 5__ % r gN n g. 0V HATT e oN h °l^ a M a aTk a e y t S
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 7il Howard St.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 O. O. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies carts harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon « n « le 5^ 1 S > , "JJ"
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO _ LET. -^^^^
A— NEW, sunny, northwest corner, 45 rooms.
4 baths; marine view: 1005 Powell st. Ap-
ply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 811%. opp. Jefferson
square — Cottage, 5 rooms, basement, attic.
yard, hot and cold water; rent $20.
LOST. AXD FOUND.
LOST— In Park. Sunday afternoon, a sliver
chatelaine purse containing $5 in gold ana
about $2 in silver and a trunk key. Return
to 2260 Fifteenth st.; reward.
LOST— Purse containing $10 80 and key. Re-
turn to 1111% Pacific St.. In rear, and oblige
a poor widow; receive reward.
LOST— Sunday, gold wire ring, small chip dia-
mond. Return to J. McC, 223 California St.:
reward. •
LOST— Small buckskin bag containing gold;
liberal reward. Laumelster Mills. 203 Mission.
LOST— "Greyhound? 1 white with black mark-
ings; reward upon returning same. 2710 Sut-
ter et. ,_ *
S20 REWARD— Palace of Art. 16 Post, round
raas-nlfylnjr Rlass; broken rim: no quest long.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watcn cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 P«r year.
. MACHINE WORKS^
SNPIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento «:..
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
JENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mr*. Hertz. 706 EUla.
MATTRESSES AKU PILLOWS.
ro order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.: tel. Bush 421. .
;, MEDICAL. __
DR o'DONNELL— All who are sick 'and in.
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of * de »*
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
AV. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
i-MRS SWEET is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin in midwifery cases; takes
ladles before and during confinement, with the
best of care; Infants adopted; -/ill take two
to work at my private residence, on 60S
. Guerrero St., near Eighteenth: phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS M. WEGENER, ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st. near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F.
THE original .MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
1228 Market: maternity home provided; offlce
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. ro. and 6 to 8:30 p. m_
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement : best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician: 25 yra."
successful experience in S. F. Maternity
Home. 000 Market, opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.. opposite
Union «n\mrA: all r»lspn>e« cured bv h>rb«.
aUSCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-137 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
Ealcon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready mads: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission at., above Sixth: write for catalogue.
AUCTION sale, Dec. 18. 10 a. m. — About 200
Government wagons, pumps, boilers, en-
gines tlevators. machine shop tools, etc.;
write for list. J. C. BAKER, 410 Third «t.,
Oakland. ' -
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail: Special for Xmas: Children's
Toy Furniture Sens.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geanr at.
A— BUYS, r*lls or rents gear, machinery, eri-
I glnes. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-235 Spear st. .
A FINE Great Dane, well trained, good watch
dog or for boy and cart. $25. 110 Twenty-
nlr.th st.
WOULD make a nice Christmas present; seal-
skin; bust 36; will sell for $S0; just remod-
eled; original cost $225. Box 2609. Call.
CANARY ■ birds; most acceptable Christmas
present; rollers and others. Cheap at LOH-
M ANN'S. 316S Sixteenth st.
A— *3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
Iar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINK- suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
THE Dumond violin collection, rarest speci-
men, on sale 2 to 5 daily. Rm. 4, 126 Ellis.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1815, worth $250 only
$90. Portland Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings, $22 00. Port-
land Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton st.
GENT'S black sult3 for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
St.. upstairs. m t
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined, $5.
Mlsflt Parlors, 23 Stockton st. .
$15 WILL buy a $45 physician's operating
chair. Room 11, 1170 Market st.
WALLPAPER; 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN, 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
FOR sale — Beautiful tapestry painting, 4x6 ft.,
subject. "Motherhood." .Apply 3374 17th st.
FOR sale— Pipe. 6000 ft. of 6". 3C00 ft. of 3";
in good condition. Address box 2760. Call.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg*y.
FOR sale — A Call newspaper route of 000
names. Inquire telephone Kate 2047.
FOR SALE — A fine watchdog; genuine Dane. S
Delgardo place, off Hyde St.. near Green.
NEW and 2nd hand boilers, engines, pumps,
pipe and supplies. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, tall Flzes. new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 896 Mission Bt.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento rt.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boiler!
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stone:
bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny gt.. rm. 29
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving olc
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post it.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements an.
subscriptions has been established at 10!*
Valencia Bt. ■
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old 'teal
skins. Address at once box 1205. Call ofnee
T Hr TON wants good second-hand clothing an.
theatrical goods. 154 9th »t.; tel. Folaom 2522
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bough
&sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1191
BIG prices paid for sealskins.- full dress & Tux
edo «ults. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stockton
MONEY AVAXTED.
W A2J ED ~; T ' 0 b 0 ™- 01 * ■um«^££n~~$2ob~'t
$1000; real estate security; full Interest. Pa
clflc Homo Building Company. 38 Nevad
block. • •. •
IERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner buildlnf,
....... $4,500,000 at lowest rates
. on first and second mortgage* ......
Life Interests in estates .........
Property being held In trust «
Undivided Interests in real estata .....
..Life Insurance policies, estates probate..
. Financial problems of all sorts and sizes...
If You Need Money • • • -
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
VA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5^ & 6 per cent in sums to sun,
City Oakland Town and Country property.
Second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies : will pur-
Chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldy.
VNY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no detay.
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24, Montgomery st..' room 3
*.NY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interest*, corporation loans. Room te.
1st floor,Chronic:e bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave., r.r. Mkt.; tel. Black 54<1.
3N real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal: *2ty
amount: lowest rates; open evenings 7 ttf\
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market St., room 6»n.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable prtvat» plac* to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, llbra-
« rles. goods In warehouse, etc. : any amt. : low-
est rates; private. Crmsby. 26 Montgomery gt.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privata
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory blcfg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
3% ON furniture and pianos; ?15 up; no re-
moval; open evenings. Rcora 81, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
corarais. ; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mrkt.
ON salaries N Y. plan: Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON country real estate, furniture, pianos; low-
est rate; no removal. 027 Market St., rm. 208.
ON furniture pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUPELL. 222 Sansome st-^
ON SALARIES without lndorser: other pro'JR-
sltions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan biff.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bids;.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co. ; sola
agents most famous and oldest American,
makes; easy payments; big allowance for old
pianos; rents $2 uj> allowed.
A GREAT OPPORTUNITY.
Our new building and hall will be completed
before March 1. We are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to clear out
our slightly used goods. Among them arcs
the following immense bargains:
1 small upright, mahogany $33
1 small upright, walnut $9,}
1 small upright, black case $145
6 Chlckering uprights from $125 to $325
4 Steinway uprights from $185 to $300
2 Hallet & Davis uprights $325 and $650
3 Conovers. uprights $150. $225 and $."525
2 Sohmer uprights $1(J5 and $1D5
2 Webers $95 and $173
And many others: you name the terms.
Open evenings during thij sale.
Bright, aggressive and competent men to
learn to sell our pianos in every town of tha
Pacific Coast.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A GOOD thing to recollect is this: We do not
reckon a sale complete unless the customer
gets all he is entitled to. We give a perfect.
»ound and undamaged new piano for Ies3
money than is often asked for patched up
and made over Instruments, worked off under 'j
all sorts of disguises. It is much better t>f^
get a reliable new piano that is known, than
a "bargain" that is good only for the time*
being. Our pianos or customers are not
"wrecked." Ask about our new plan of
$1 50 per week. We se:.l Wissner. Decker
& Son. Baumeister. Steger and Singer pianos.
Call and see us — open evenings. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
WE have just received the latest designs In art
pianos a great assortment In Sohmer. Byron
Mauzy and Lester Pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Pest st. _^^
A GRAND concert every afternoon. 2 to 4. by
Cecilian Piano Player at BYRON MAUZTS,
3CS-310-312 Post st.
CHRISTMAS Specials In small musical instru-
ments. Guitars. Violins. Mandolins. Banjos;
bargains In all makes. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post st.
SELECT your Christmas Pianos now; we de-
liver for Christmas present at your order.
BYRON MAUZY. 3G3-310-S12 Post st.
A LOT of slightly used p.anos. $30 up. Re-
member we are open evenings until Chrlst-
mti. BYRON MAUZY. S03-310-312 Post st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the- largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable*
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
ea«y payments of J« per month; some (rood
pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per mouth. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter »ts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright planoa from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from IC5 up; new upright
pianos from $17T. up. BENJ. CURTAZ * v
BON. 16 to » O'Farrell. Chlckertng. Mason J
& Hamlin. Vcse. Sterling: pianos. , "
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $S3; slx-octav*
Mason A- Hamlin organ. $33; Steinway
square. $100: elegant burl walnut Camercn
upright, used only few months, $275: Bech-
stein baby gTand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us t.ixen back any Urn*
within 2 years and full purchase price ai-
lov.Td on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only :nc a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil
St.: established l«3tt.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap i In-
stallments): open eveninjrs until 9:30. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLKN 933 MARKET.
PIANOS THE BEST.
PRICES THE LOWEST.
OUR pianos, the leadlns makers; price $100
upward: values best in the city. PIERCE" 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
COMPELLED to sell account departure, new
3-pedal standard upright piano. TT7 Geary.
PIANO free: party* will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell It. R. 36. 217 Geary.
UNEEDA a piano fnr the holidays; rent one;
total cost yr>. 560 Hayes at.
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price ?153. B, 33.
217 Geary at. .
J12.W SCHLKIP upricht. excellent condition.
175: Erard upright. Horeung, 218 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
GOOD second-hand upright for sala che^
SCHMITZ. II McAllister st. LvV
AT KEEFFETS. Tt Turk St.. neaf Market^
Phoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A PHYSICIAN centrally located wishes to
share his offlce with ancther physician. Ad-
dress. with reference, box 2773. Call.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order: all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PAL5IISTRY.
MISS LEMPP. palmist: hours 10 a. m to 8 p.
m.; Sundays by app't. 2247 Mission, nr. 19th.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary ami Post; tel. Black 661.
NEERGAARD. president St. Germain College.
reads from 1 to 4. 700 P'3»t: phone Hyde 2fl£i.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $.1 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Red 3521.
PATE\TS AXD PEXS1OSS.
PENSION advice free; seneral practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEON'S. //
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and restdenST
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONO. HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: «ee
testimonials at office. 113-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A T« D ?io W ,? NO wo » hert doctor: sanitarium!
704-766 Clay it. ; see testimonials at of flc*.aprgTIC hairircssir.g 25c. manicuring 25^ ; 3
t c:.'-s' manicuring- 5t)c. by exr*rts; btst hair I
v. ■■■:•* r-T. r.-atcnrbl» prices; l»aths. most ele- I -
pant ta city. 25c: our specialties, scalp treet- i
peat er.<S lace manage; Patti Beauty Cream I
: ; beftflQuatten rcr eenuin? Farina Cologne- ;
CMtttj Iluti-.an tea served free to all visitors I *
..: tb* POM-TON. 324 Po^t st.
/ y clesrant line of remnants for suits to order i 3
<]:■: with these suits we make ar. extra pair
, : pasta free cf charge; other suits on install- I
ncsta, ?I weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
i . : tv.ccn Seventh and Eighth.
r ■ •:: irasscge. complexion beautifying- latest 3
.T.nnental methods; electric roleau; super- ' -
I Co m hair, moles, etc.. rcir.ovcd by electric I (
;c,a:e. MME. ZEP11CY, 125S California VU
CLECTB1C Jight in every room— Winchester , 1
H-tel. « .nird st.. near Market : TOO rooms • -1
U..c to $1 ..0 i«?r night: $1 50 to $6 per week : 1
-h^ nug and baggasft-to ana rrom the ferry, j •
VHY Gu€fs? You can ba certarn of stvle and '
Rt J%i?*SS f tand£rd Patterns: Nov. patterns | ;
.-ij'.d The Desijnier now ready, j. -\v EVA\s '
:>omertlc olfice. 1021 Market ft., near Sixth! '
pilB latest nnd best things in ladies' ready to i '
wear garments. Vailor-ciafie suits, eklrts on !
:nstf.llP.ients. at C. F. ADA^Ig CO., 15S 5th. ! .
, FWlttfc^St hair at cheapest prices eo to i ''
LLDtUER Switches. $1. ?! 50. f2-. hair-
ore ES ;ng. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton. »
E *?^ d A ini - QU ? plx ' sents f °r the holidays' at
The Old Curiosity Store. IIS. Geary st NAT '
RAPHAEL; novelties of every description.
Y.mTE enamel iron beds«. single three-quarter
SViMnfi*?* 3^ EASTBBM OUTHTTING
C<y. Io:0-lol2 btocklon st.. near Broadway.
GOLD cure for drunkenness; sure remedv tes-
timonials. MOOSEK CO.. _ 1125 Geary st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 3^2 O'Farrell ; send for circular. '
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair moles removed I
by electric needle, aiis Sutter: tel. L.arkln3171. j
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs; 1
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 OFarrcH; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FP.ENCH CORN PAINT.
j __the best corn cure; 2Tk-; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural ecler; ?1; at all druggists.
500 MEN wanted to order euils for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., tailors, 115 Kearny st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1, j
IKjgtage paid.
PLAMXG AXD TCEXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping I
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont, j
REAL ESTATE: CITY FOR SALE.
THE undersigned calls the attention of those
who have property to dispose of in the dis-
>^ct between 14th and 26th ets., and on j
em >ets between Sanchez and Howard, to sub- ]
nf.t propositions to sell. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st.
IF you have any property to sell on Vallejo,
Green. Union, Filbert or Lombard, west of
Van Ness avenue, then call on ! the under-
s:cned. W. J. GU^N, 530 California st.
)j22.<x>G FOR 9 acres of nicely located city prop- J
trty. suitable for subdividing into building 1
lots; sewer extends to property line; will |
sell cne-l;alf interest for $11,500; principals
only. Address at once box 2:1(3, Call office.
FOR rent or sale — At Ocean View, in city lim- 1
its. thirty-two fine lots, with house of six !
rocms; will sell or rent very low. Address |
box 27CS. Call office. i
. i
A BARGAIN— Three lots in the Mission. $ 1000
each; situated on San Jose ave. and 27th et-
Address box 2774. Call office.
/FOR FALE — Sacrifice; handsome flats; Mission
warm belt; choice location. Owner, box 2732,
Call office.
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
and yard: sun all day. Corner Waller and
Portola sts., between Pierce and Steiner.
fiX'Ct— COZY 5-ROOM house; bath: pantry;
basement; Richmond. Box 2105. Call office.
HOUSE for eale. cor. Mission and Twenty-
F^ci'Tid si5.. to be removed. Apply at house, j
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly |
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada year for it.
J^GAL. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
r JZfoR SALE~T^CR^AN^ : RANciica^
Email tracts, ?t'O to J30 per acre, on Rancha
Cotati. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
- San Francisco is growing rapidly: location 1
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctati Co.. £02 California St.. for pam-
phlets and information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. O. R. WINFIELD. Petalnma. Cal.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE — Foreclosure property, lots and
houses. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park
st., Alameda. >
EARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; J -i cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
' . UEUItELEY REAL ESTATE.
12 HOMES, ranging in prices from J20O0 to
JSCCO en term* cf from $50 to 1100 down, all
in the coursfe cf construction; all modern and
have from 6 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; situated on the local Berkeley roa 1.
giving the same service and time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway to
taa Francisco. Further information apply
A, J. SNYDER,
467 Ninth st., Oakland. Cal.
Or Branch Office
„ A. J. SNYDER,
J^ Adeline Station Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFiCH— 1118 BKOADWAY:
OAKLA.VD REAL. ESTATE.
A— ErECIAI^— IMMEDIATE SALE!
Our Contract Expires Tuesday.
Necessitates Immediate Sale.
Our Contract Expires Tuesday.
Deposit Payable Before 12 m.
TO SECURE THIS BARGAIN.
INVESTIGATE AT ONCE!
$18 500 worth to-day $25,000 — The choicest
ou'iness comer In Berkeley; paying good in-
terest on investment; increased rents offered;
bank on corner of same block; new $40.OWi
•'.-story business block now under construc-
tion in block opposite; this corner will grow
to be worth $50,000; San Francisco and Oak-
land choice corners have doubled and trebled,
why not tfcle? where millions are to be ex-
pended on the State University and Berkeley
with an unparalleled increasing- population.
A SPECIAL. BARGAIN".
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
Contract Expires Tuesday 12 m.
Forces Immediate Sale.
Contract Cannot Be Extended.
Fullest Investigation Solicited. -
"latmance real estate co.,
JM 4<;0 and 4C2 Eighth et. f Oakland.
GRAY'S BARGAINS. .
52250 for an elegant lot on Lake et.; snap.
$(^-,(Xj Elesant home of » rooms; new;
everything modern; porcelain bath; plate glass
windows; furnace; beam ceiling dining-room;
large basement; fine large lot; terms can be
arranged to euit; situate on Adams Point, one
block from electric car line.
Elcrant new colonial home of 9 rooms, laun-
Ars and »>ath; electric lighting; combination
fixture*:- furnace; beam ceiling <Jining-room;
<-]«-gant location on Nob Hill of East Oakland;
•>00 feet from electric car line; lot 5ozl5O.
*■"" leeX CEO. B. M. GRAY. 454 Ninth st
PM. DODGE & PON. .
1100 Broadway. Oakland.
$3250 — Something extra nice in the way of a
Trodern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 00x120; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
HOUSES of every description and price for sale
o-rent. Apply to W. 12. BARNAHD, 1118
Brog<3-way: teier>hTie Main 10.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
fcUNXY Jower fiat, i large rooms; electric ser-
vice thicugl-^ut; 2 coal end I gsi« grate; large
corner lot; jawn; fruit and nlsade trees auu
I'.OWere-Mct t»«vatca; choice locality; will re^t
Vw K> OtUtMCtmr permanent tenant: Klgnta
»•• eltctri" cars, corner Washington *nJ
/£ >Hh yt%.. cctr.e within 1 Work. Call cr
a'ddregg 1€5?* Nir.ili ave.. Hast Oakland.
caklasd fgy»ariy7»mIi^tt^»AJi^BJ
an ; rn^ductioiTio you from H. Schellhaai tht
lui£u£ Sr. nth and FrankUc. Oakland.
- - °?. 5 . I^ FOr L HOL'SEKEEPIXG.
'*w^} S ', 33 °— 2 email furnished rooms for "
"^s^ecpiny^tn rear; rent $10. : |
Pi^T 3 rocm s. furnished housekeeping, s
J^dJjath^JgO; 3 lor $12; alsp E in S le. $4 to $7. ■
ri 5^ AR ? > - 7C1^4— Nicely furnished .bay-wln-
aoa guite; kitchen; man and wife; others. S
11DE 40S— Sunny back parlor, with kitchen, ,
complete tor housekeeping, $18. ;<
«tALLisjER. 937 (lower)— 3 well-furnished 5
_J^^f. $15; call after 10 a. m. • ■ - - : ■
125 — 2 nicely furnished basement rooms,
.^AGE. 116, neir Goug^h — Handsoma sunny J
alcove suite, 3 large rooms; newly furnished;
grate; bath; phone: refined adult family oniy.
RAUSCH, .85, near Folsom — Furnished rooms, (
_sinsle. and housekeeping; cheap.
I NICEL.Y furnished rooms, - furnished com- ]
plele for housekeepinff. Inquire 50 Rausch j
St.. off Howard, bet Seventh and Eighth.
SHIPLEY, 259-261—4 nice rooms," $S; house ,
new; good class people wanted only.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; also 1 for gentlemen.
TWELFTH. 12 — 1 or 2 rooms furnished for
housekeeping. . •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
rubecriptions has been established at 1096
Valencl:. ft. .- .
ROO3IS TO L.I2T — Farm, and Uiifnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — Xew, elegant,
eunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US - Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and ,
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. '
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. -
DEV1SADERO, 1705 — Sunny neatly furnished
rooms,- $4 and S5 per month.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
S5c. ?1 50 night; $1 50. $6 wk.; open all night.
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth — Furnished rooms,
?1 per week.
FOLSOM, S34— Sunny rooms with closets, sin-
gle or double. i
FOLSOM. cor. 9th — Large sunny corner bay-
wlndow room. $9, adults; one, $4.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
FULTON. 671 — 2 furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; seperate entrance; $9.
GEARY; 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
JONES. 018 — Newly furnished room, bath,
sunny, central, private family.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy st. — High-class hotel;
furnished rooms, en suite or single. '
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week' up; 35c 'a day up. '
O'FARRELL-, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator;- elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PACIFIC ave.. 1724 — Furnished sunny front
rooms; private -family.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.-\ ■
STOCKTON.- 332 — A sunny suite and singles ;
neat and clean; bath; phone; prices low.
SUTTER. S20i£ (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TWELFTH, 135 — Furnished room with or
without board.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia 6t.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
A PLEASANT room, with breakfast, dinner,
for two gentlemen In private home, where
there are just a few other boarders; north of
Market; gas, hot and cold water; $45 for
two. Private, box 2792, Call office.
O'FARRELL, 832, near Polk — Large sunny
front room, with board, in private family;
suitable for 2 gentlemen or gentleman and
wife; running water; bath. « .-....,
HOTEL Denniston. cor. Valencia and 21st sts—
In the "Warm Belt"; free from' prevailias
fogs; choice eunny suits; first class.
NICELY furnished front bay-window room,
with cr without board, for tw"o gentlemen;
single rooms, $5 and up. 748 Harrison et.
THE Irvingdale. €26 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. $60; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent' table.
THE Pierporit. 418 Ellis— Every thing new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
dining-room. ; . ' . ■ -
VAN"NESS ave.. 1714 — Select private boardlng-
house: sunny front BUites; also single; every-
, thing first-class ;. references.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
fa*ni!y hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
EDDY, 310 — Elegant furnished sunny room,
with or without board.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
NIARA. 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable.
POST. 1414 (The 'Willard) — Newly furnished
south front room; sun all day; board.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been festablished at 1096
Valencia St.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
~~~ SPECIAL XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Et.'.rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pares, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
SEYVTXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing ; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
palring; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
- eioti Et.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; chipping at cut rates.
CHEAPEST and beat in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, eenf to any address • In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.^
gkeTt^aegaiss in typewriters — we
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 030 California; telephone Main 206.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
JDIVIDEXD XOTICES.
rouROil^Company— Dividend No. 5 will be
pavable December 10, 1901, at the office ' of
the secretary, room 23. third floor. Mills
building. CHARLES MUSAUS. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
;_ ; -
"BUSINESS Mea's -Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court,
rtoom 611.. Examiner bldg. : phone Black 3604.- ■
~~~ PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted— Notice is hereby given that
-sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Hume of Cali-
fornia at its office, room 13, 320 Samsome St.,
Han Francirco, Cal.. up to 10:39 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, December 21. 1S01. and opened
iicnWiately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders." for furnishing and deliverins quarter-
mast»r and commissary supplie* for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (mil road sta-
llca' Tountville), for six months commencing
January 1 1S02. and endinx June 30. 1302.
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids -will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the -sched-
ules and no bid will be considered unless it is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon *cme well-known and responsibls
banklns-houte for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Kinni treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a. Rood and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
* bids and to order any quantity over or under
l*i&tt?S&Smi& Secretary f Board
«r Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia rocm 33. 829 Sansome st.. San Fran-
ctecc i Cal. By order of th- Board of Dlrect-
tfsco. <-ai. * j. jysCOVILLE. Secretary.
•T"- . • . ■ ; ' : • - -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DEOEMBERf 16^1901.
BIRTHS— MAERI&GES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlase and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of. the publication offices and . be
indorsed with the • name and ■ residence of per-
sr.w authorized to have the same published.
- v BORN.
MALLIN.GKR — In this city. December 5. 1901,
to the wife of T. llallinger, a daughter.
OWLES— In this city, ! December 15, 1901, to
' the wife of F. S. Owles, a daughter.
TAYLOR— In this city. December 6, 1901, to
the wife of Georse H. Taylor, a son.
MABEIED.
ASSMANN— OBRIST— In this city. December
1-t, 1U01. by Kev. Paul Branke, Karl Fried-
rich Assmann and Bertha Obrist. both of
San ilanclsco.
GUDERIAN— SCHLOSSER— In this city, De-
cember 11. lbOl, by Kev.- Paul Branke, Rich-
ard E. H. Guderian and Caroline Schlosser,
'■■ both of San Francisco. .
KOCH— HASTENS- In this city. December-l-i.
ISm, by Kev. Paul Branke. Otto Koch and
Anna Meta Hastens, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Behnken, There&a Krebs. Hermann
Cain, William T. Lehmann, George
Chilcis, Ada L. ' McCarte, Sarah A. '
Chute," Naomi T. McGratn. ; Patrick
Daley. Jennie A. . Merrlam, George B.
Deutsch, Jacob .-Mibach, Michael
Ducroux, Louis Nally, Martin
Flanasan, Katie O'Connor, Julia
Foley. John Pellisson. Rosillia.
Forman. Sands W. '.Potter, Mary A. .
Freequery, Eugene Richardson, Sarah A.
Gibson. Julia Stanley, Edward J.
Goetz. Bartholomew Todd. Mabel
Golden. Hugh M. Vogelman, Harriet
Gutsch, Hon. G. F. Webster, Judge W.-
Howard, Elizabeth Wilson. Margaret „"
Kelleher, Julia .
BEHNKEN— In Oakland, December 15. 1901.
Theresa, beloved wife of the late George
Behnken. and daughter of Mrs. Thomas Mc-
Donald, and sister of M. A. Byrne and
John J.. Mary and. Margaret McDonald and
Sister M. Margaret Alacoque, a native of
Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 36 years.
it^t'riends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 825 Fifteenth street, thence to the
Church of Immaculate ConceDtion, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's "Cemetery, Oakland.
Please omit flowers.
CAIX— In Berkeley. December 13, 1901. Wil-
liam T., beloved son of Margaret and John
Cain, and brother of Charles. Alice, Annie,
Frank, Margaret. John and Peter Cain, a.
native of Oakland, aged IS) years, and 13
days.
C?"Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1040 Addlson street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
CHILDS— In Oakland, December 13, 1901, Ada
Lela, dearly beloved wife of Calvin C. Chllds,
and mother of Beatrice Dexter Childs. a na-
tive of Hillhurst, Washington, aged 2<J years
6 months and 18 days.
CHUTE— In this city, December 15, 1901,
Naomi T., beloved daughter of John W. and
Marearet F. Chute, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 months and 27 days. s
DALEY — In this city. December 15, 1901. Jen-
nie A. Daley, widow of the late Charles H.
Dpley, a native of Maine. A member of
Golden Gate Chapter No. 1, O. E. S.
$y Remains at the parlors of Porter &
White. 122 Eddy street.
DUCROUX — In Belmont, Cal.. Louis Ducroux,
beloved son of Jean Ducroux and Vlglnie
Ducroux, and brother of August, , Joseph,
Freddie and Mary Ducroux, a native of Bel-
gium, aged 25 years 9 months and 21 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1115 V4 Bryant street, between
Ninth and Tenth, thence to French Church
Notre Dames des Victoires, where services
will be beld. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ■ , . ■
DEUTSCH — In this city. December 14, 1901,
Jacob Deutsch, beloved father of Isaac, Fred
and Mose Deutsch, Mrs. H. Johnson, Mrs.
H. Morris, Mis. S. Home and Mrs. F. Theo-
dore, a native of Austria, aged (57 years and
3 months.
tS? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from B. B. Hall.
121 Eddy street, under the auspices of Paciflc
Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
FLANAGAN — In this city. December 15, 1901,
Katie Flanagan, a native of Ireland, aged
49 years. ■ ■
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from 6t. . Dominic's
* Church, where a solemn reouiem mass will
be celebrated for th<^ repose of. her soul,
commencine at the above hour. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery. ' :
FOLEY — In this citr. December 14. 1901, John
Folcy, beloved husband of the late Elizabeth
Foley, and father of William, Albert and
Esther Foley, Mrs. R. J. Espy and Mrs. C.
A. Phelan, a native of Ireland, .jiged OS
years.' • • ■
lE?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral i to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 18 Shotwell street, thence to St. j
Charles Borromeo's Church, corner. Eight-
e«nth and Shotwell streets, at 10:30 o'clock,
where sen-ices will be held. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FORMAN — In this city, December 14, 1901 .
Sands W. Forman. a native of Illinois, aged
52 years 10 months and 27 days.
fry Funeral services to-day (Monday),
10:15 o'clock, at the Occidental Hotel. In-
terment rrivate.
FREEQUERY — In Oakland, December 12,
1901, Eugene Freequery. a native of East
India, aged t'2 years.
(CJ'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to att«tnd tha funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the funeral
parlors of Albert Brown, 4G8 Thirteenth
Etreet, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. • ■ »
GIBSON— In this city, December 13. 1901. Ju-
lia .Gibson,, a. native of Ireland, aEed 51
years.
GOETZ — In this city, December 15, 1001, Bar-*
tholomew Goetz. beloved father of Annie,*
Emma and John Otto Goetz and Mrs. S. H.
Hobron. a native of Germany, aged 53 years
3 months and 26 days.
IE?" Remains at- parlors of McFadden. Mc-
Brearty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
GOLDEN — In this city, December 14. 1901,
Hugh M." Golden, dearly beloved husband of
Louisa Golden, and father of Alma Golden,
and brother of Patrick Golden and Mrs. W T il-
liam Harney^ and son-in-)aw .of Mr. and
Mrs. William Maessen, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, . aged 20 years 0 months and
10 days.
[CTKriends - and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 415^ Eleventh street, thence to
St Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
hl*-h mass will be celebrated for the repose
of "his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cros Cemestery.
GUTSCH — In Alameda, December 15, 1901.
Honorable Gustav Friedrich Alexander
Gutsch, beloved husband of Minna Gutsch,
and father of Gustav and Axel Gutsch, a
native of Germany, aged 73 years 9 months
and 24 days. - \ ■
ITTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at the
Chapel of Odd Fellows' Crematorium, where
the remains will be incinerated.^ Remains
"at the funeral parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957
MifBion street. - ' •
HOWA.RD — In East Oakland. 1109 Tenth ave-
nue* December 15. 1901; Elizabeth Howard,
mother of Mrs. S. A. Webster, a native of
New Hampshire, aged 85 years 9 months and
25 days. . ,
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner Eleventh avenue and
East Twelfth street. East Oakland. Serv-
ices under the auspices of Brooklyn Rebekah
Lodge No. .12. Interment Mountain. View
Cemetery. ■•':■■ ' . '
KKI.LEHER — In this city, December 15, l»01,
Juila beloved wife of the- late Michael Kel-
leher' and mother of Kathleen Kelleher. and
sister of Thomas, Humphrey,- John. Maggie.
' Mary and Hannah Murray and Mrs. Katie
Holland, a native of Macroom. County
Cork, Ireland, aged SI years 11 months and
12 days. , " i
rr? Friends .and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tu»=day), at 8:30 • o'clock, . from her late
residence,- 1007 Natoma street. • thence to St.
HENRYi J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flar.nagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Ugr.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. .
Telephone South 80.
Alt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE blB MARKET STRHaT.
J. HENDERSON. ! Manager.
I\EW I-lttM OF U.NDtiicTAKfciRS.
i SanTuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'. Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years- P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at ,1171 Mission street, between Seventh
"and Etchth. , Telephone South 44. •
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn ' Bros.,- has opened
new Funeral Pa Horn nt 214 Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Tefephorie South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
- 27 nntf -20 Fifth St. Xel. South 167 I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest . Equipment ' »t Hoderele H&tes. .
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass .
will be celebrated for the repose of har soul, .
commenclns at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cros.3 Cemetery.- . . - - - I
KREtJS— In this city, December 13. 1901. Her-
mann Krebs, beloved son of George and Kar-
tDline Krebs, a native of Germany, aged U4
years 1 month and 5 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
* Metzler"s parlors, 036 Washington - street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
LEHMANN— In Alameda. December 14, 1901,
George , Lehmann. a native of Germany. .A
member of California Lodge No. 2. O. d.
H. S. '
McCAETE — In this city.. December 13. 1901.
Sarah A., dearly belo\-ed daughter of Daniel
and Mary McCarte, and Bister of Mary, Dan-
iel Alex, Joseph, Hugh, Archie and Arthur
McCarte, a native Of County Antrim,, Ire-
- land. , " '. ;
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1G4" South' Park. 'thence- to St. Rose's -
Church, Brannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth where a Solemn requiem high mass
■ will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
•commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' •
McGRATH— In this city, December 14, 1901,
Patrick, beloved husband of Victoria Mc-
Grath, and father of Nellie. Emma, Kath-
ryn, Cecelia, Joseph and Alice McGrath, a
native of County Waterford, Ireland, aged
CO years. . • .
I5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3975 Nineteenth street, thence. to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hU
soul, . commencine at 9 o" clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ■ . -
MERRIAM— In this city, December 15, 1901,
George B., beloved husband of Mary E.;Mer-
riam and stepfather of Albert B. and Bertie
S. Flags, a native- of Lowell, _ Mass., aged
76 years and . 25 days.
MIBACH— In this city, December 14, 1901, at
his residence.. 356 Corbett road, near Fal-
con avenue. Michael Mibach, dearly beloved
! husband of - Agatha Mibach, beloved father
of the late Peter Joseph Mibach and- Wil-
liam P.. Joseph H. and Ida Mibach.' and
beloved son of Peter Jossph and the late
Catherine Mibach, a native of Idenbach. Ger-
many, aged 51 years 5 months and 26 days.
A member of St. Peter's and St. Paulus"
D. R. K. UnterstuetzunKS Vereinsr' ..
• E?"Friends a nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ' attend the jfuneral to-day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 356 Corbett road, near Falcon ave-
nue thence to St. Boniface's Church. Golden
Gate avenue, near Jones street, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NALLY— In this cfty, ■ December 15, 1901,
Martin Nally. a native of Ireland, aged 67
KTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), At » o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvcy & Co.. 1239. Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for novices. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' •
O'CONNOR— In this city. December 14, 1901.
at her residence, 60 Waller street, between
Octavla and Lagur.a. Julia, beloved wife ot
Daniel O'Connor, and mother of Timothy J..
John F.. Mary, iWilliam; Annie and Julia
(deceased), a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, aeed 63 years.
t?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 :S0 o'clock, from her late
residence. 66 Waller street, between Octavia
and Lacuna, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a solemn requiem hljjh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencins, at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PELLISSON— In this city, December 13, 1901,.
Rosillia Pellisson. a native of • Marysvllle,
yuba County. Cal., aged 47 years.
IC? Friends and acqiuwntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente. Marlnl &. Co.. 1524 Stockton
street between Union and Green. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ■-
POTTER — In this city, December 13. 1901,
Mary Anna, beloved daUKhter of John and
Mary Potter, and sister of Thomas E. and
John Potter, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years 1 month and 10 days.
[C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1S16A Howard street, thenco
to St Charles Borromeo's Church, corner
Kiehteenth and Shotwell streets, at 11
o'clock, where services will be held.- Inter-
ment Holy Cross CemVtery. by electric fu-
neral car from corner Fourteenth and How-
ard streets at 11:20 o'clock.
RICHARDSON— In Oakland. 510 East Eleventh
street. December 15, 1901. Sarah A. Rich-
ardson, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 68-
yeare 10 months and 12 days. •
STANLEY— In this /city, December 13, 1901,
Edward J. Stanley, a native of California,
agad 35 years.
IHTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ' attend the funeral to-day.
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of E.
Castagnetto & Co., 643-645 .Vallejo street,
between Montgomery avenue and Stockton
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TODD — In this city. November 30; - 1901, Ma-
bel, beloved daughter of Mrs. E. G. Todd,
aged 17 yearn 7 months and 14 days.
VOGELMAN— In this city, December 15. 1901.
. Harriet W., beloved wife of Dr. • D. J. Vo-
gelman, and mother of Albert W. and H.
Marie Tobin, and sister of G. W. Wilson of
•Vallejo, a native of California, aged 3S
years. (Vallejo and Modesto papers please
C °(E7 i Funeral sen-ices will be held Wednes-
day morning, December 18, 1901. at Church,
of Ascension. Vallejo. -
WEBSTER— In this city, December 14, 1901,
Judge William Webster of Reno. Nev., be-
loved husband of Elizabeth Webster, and
father of W. W., Stella N. and F. Elizabeth
Webster, a native of Scotland, aged C9 years.
WILSON— In this city. December 14, 1001,
Mars8 ret Wilson, a native of Ireland, aged
50 years. ■ ■ ■
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.).
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 15—5 p. ml
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last twenty- four hours:
".-....,. Last , This Last
Stations 24 Hours. Season. Season.
F-nrpka 0 10.01 ■ 17.11
Red Biuff::: :::.. o : o. 6 « 8 .w
Sacramento •• 0 5.08 6.92
San Francisco Of. 5.80 0.29
Fresno .....: .•••• JJ f«"j g£-
Independence 0 ■' *•** . ,*.j>0
San Luis Obispo....<... 0, iW 10^
Los Angeles -. 0 2.40 6-^
San Diego -0 ■ 0.(7 1.(3
San Franci3co data: -Maximum temperature,
53; minimum. 41; mean, 47.
- . THE COAST RECORD.
~w - 2 ■ g "■ u ■ - » : m
I If || illf :? jM:
STATIONS. 3 33 || .^= 5 0 E
>< . : *^ • c* i r^..
\ ■•'.'-'. '. '•••'■ 3 ■
Astoria .;.'.. .30.40 ' 40 34 ' NE Cloudy loo
Baker 30.46*30 14 NW Cloudy .00
Carson .30.40 50 18. S Clear .00
Eureka 30.32 52 3« NW Clear; .00
Fresno .......S0.00 M .28 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.32' 33 12 NW Clear .02
Pocatello Ida.30.28 32 16 SW Cloudy .00
Independence .30.16 CO 40 W Clear .00
Les .Angeles... 30. 20 62 38 W Clear .00
Phoenix .. 30.18' 56 26 W Clear .00
Portland .....30.40 40 38 NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 30.30 50 34 SE Clear _ .00
Roseburg 30.38 32 30 • E Cloudy. .00
Sacramento ..30.00 62 32 SE Clear .00
Salt Lake.. -..30. 38 34 ■ 20 • SE Clear T.
San Francisco.30.30. 52 42 , N Clear .00
S L. Obispo..30.20 64 34 S • Clear • .00
San Diego 30.18 58 ' 4G NW Clear ' .00
Seattle 30.4-4 40 ' 30 NE . Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.36 30 v 22 W Cloudy .00
Neah Bay.. ...30. 40 4t 38 SE Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 34 : 38 32 NW Cloudy .00
Winnemucca'-.30.40 40* 14 W Clear .00
Tuma, 30.18 62 34 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
.FORECAST.
Genfirally cloudy .weather prevails over
Washington, Oregon and Idaho; elsewhere on
the Paciflc Slope clear, weather prevails.. . , ■
There has been but little change in either
pressure or temperature on the Pacific Slope.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather in California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 10, 1901:
• . Northern • California — Fair Monday; not' so
cold; light northwest wind. •
Southern California — Fair Monday; not. so
Cold; light northerly. wind, i .
Nevada— Fair. Monday; j not so | coW; light
northwest wind. .'
San - Francisco - and vicinity — Fair Monday;
not so cold; light northwest wind. . • : .>,
• • G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Water Front Notes.
The British ship | Sierra, Blanca arrived
from San- Diego yesterday. She .cornea
here in ballast to load wheat forEurope.
- The German ship Henrietta 'sailed :> for
Queenstown 'yesterday with a cargo of
.wheat: Captain Weinberg hopes to make
arecord.run to Europe.. ■" . . . .
The transport Hancock sails to-day, for
Manila via Honolulu and Guam. She-wiil
carry 260 recruits and a number • of pas
sengers. ' ' ■■'"■'. •
The Sheridan is now. loading, and will
sail the first of the year for the Philip
pines. . .:' : > ' ■'■ ;• - %*:-!■*' ■:■ •
x The Kosmos liner' Nicaria will be here
about. the first' of' the .year. She . is
cha rtered " from .. the ■ Hamburg-American
line, and. will be the first vessel of her
class that has yet visited this port.
Copies of the great Christmas edi
tion can be obtained from all agents,
newsdealers, newsboys and at ths
Business Office of tnis paper. C-rV ;
SOLDIERS FROM DETENTION CAMP
BEING FLEECED ON WATER FRONT
ps-rj-^ HE bunko steerers*, "grafters"
I and' others not criminal but high
,1 ly obnoxious who look upon the
Ji discharged . soldiers ' as legitimate
prey are having trouble with the
police at Clay-street wharf these days.
There ; are nearly, 1000 discharged soldiers
on Angel Island, and these are paid off
at the rate- of about 150 a day. They
come •■: over-- from the .island* on' the
Piper- Aden-Goodall Company's chartered
steamer Grace Barton, and- are landed at
Clay-street wharf. Once ashore they are
importuned" by hotel runners, ticket
agents arid bunko steerers and "grafters.
Each soldier has from $100 to $250, and all
are anxious to g.et home by the shortest
route, j In consequence, some of them fall
an easy prey to the sharpers.
Captain Dunleavy has had his eye upon
the bunko men and others of a criminal
character for a couple of days. Yesterday
he ordered the men under . him. to maks
arrests of any one overstepping the law.
The bunko men had escaped thus far,
but yesterday morning George Newbauer
was booked' on a charge of violating the
hack ordinance, and to-day when the
steamer arrives from the camp a posse
of police will be there. to meet her- and
more arrests are sure to follow.
The soldiers in" the detention camp -are
making a vigorous kick because they are
not. paid off at once, ; and some of them,
■who are in the city on . '"shore leave,"'
will not go back until the last moment,
as no more leaves will be granted.
BULLET MISSES DOG.
■Window in Office Perforated Instead
. . of Canine.
Fred Jacobs was charged at the Harbor
police station yesterday morning by Po
liceman. Dower and Burns with discharg
ing firearms on the street. Fred had been
celebrating, and the water front whisky
fired his imagination. -When on the cor
ner of Steuart! and Market streets he
saw a dog crossing the street. "See me
kill that coyote," said he.. At the game
moment he drew a revolver from his
hip pocket, and, aiming at the dog, fired.
The bullet struck ■ the pavement in front
of the Rococo saloon,. and, richochetting,
flew upward and went through the win
dow of the Pacific Coast Steamship-Com
pany's offices.
The Overdue Fleet.
The British ship Glenericht, which left
here fourteen days ->g" for Portland, is
how quoted at 25 per cent by the 'rein
surance brokers, j. he ship was oft port
a fortnight ago, and was ordered to th'a
Columbia River. She was, in ballast, and
her owners now fear that she was caught
in the gale that has caused so much dam
age along the coast. The gamblers think
she is "as safe as a church," however,
and are playing her to arrive.
The Renfteld, now out seventy-four
days from Pisagua (nitrate port) for.Port
land, is quoted at 15 per cent; the William
Mitchell, 146 days from Table Bay for
Portland, is quoted at 20 per cent; the
Robert Duncan, seventy-five days from
Wei Hai Wei to Puget Sound, is quoted
at 40 per cent; the Anglia, from New
castle, Australia, for Panama, and now
out 162 days, at 80 per cent, while the
Matteawan from Nanalmo, B. C-, and
given up as lost, is quoted at 90 s-ar cent.
The Matteawan is not being gambled
upon', but the Anglia has quite a number
of followers, as they figure on the dead
calms that prevail In the Gulf of Panama
having detained the vessel.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
~" Sunday, December 15.
• Stmr Celia, Adler, 20 hours from Mendocino.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
'Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 18 hours from Moss
Landing.
Br bark Sierra Blanca. Corkhlll, 14 days
from San Diego.
■ SAILED.
i . Sunday, December 15.
Stmr Geo. Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, . San Diego.
Stmr Eureka,' Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Coquille River, Hansen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Arctic, Erickson, .
Ship Santa Clara, Lindberg, Ladysmith.
Ger ship Henrietta, Weinberg, Queenstown.
Schr Jessie Minor, Whitney, Eureka.
Schr. Monterey, : Panzer, Coos Bay.
Schr Newark, Crangle, .
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Laura Madsen, Jorgensen. Grays Har
bor. - •
Barse Santa Paula, McGovern, San Pedro,
in. tow of tug Rescue.
- TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 15 — 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy, wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS. V
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 15— Brig
Courtney Ford, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING — Sailed Dec 15 — Stmrs
Navarro and Gualala. for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr
Despatch, from Seattle'. . .
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 15— Ger ship Slrene,
for Queenstown.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Meteor,
for Eureka: ■ schr W. S. Phelps, for hunting
cruise. ;
FOREIGN PORTS.
HULL — Arrived Dec 13 — Br stmr Glamor
ganshire, from Portland.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr
Bremen, from New York, for Bremen.
HAVRE — Arrived Dec 15— Stmr La Gas
cogne, from New York. .
MOVILLE— Sailed Dec 15 — Stmr Furnessa,
from Glasgow, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Dec 15 — Stmr Celtic,
for New York: stmr Campania, from Liver
pool, for New York. -
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE. •
Steamer. From. Due.
Maria....... Nanaimo Dec. 16
8.- Portland.. Seattle Dec. 10
Crescent City Crescent City. Dec. 16
Kdith." Seattle Dec. 16
Pomona..... Humboldt Dec. 16
Leelanaw.... N. Y. via' Panama...... Dec. 1«
Sonoma . . Sydney & -Way Ports . . Dec." 1«5
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma. Dec. 16
Stratbgyle. . . Hongkong v. San Diego Dec. 16
G. Dollar San Pedro .... [Dec. 17
North Fork.. Humboldt .,..../ Dec. 17
Coptic....... China & Japan Dec. 17
Empire. Coos Bay Dec. 17
Washtenaw.. Tacoma '. Dec. 18
Tucapel V. Valparaiso & Way Ports Dec. IS
Umatllla. : Puget Sound Ports Dec. 18
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Dec. 18
Sequoia Grays Harbor; Dec. 18
Eureka Humboldt Dec. IS
Progreso.. .. .' Seattle : "......Dec. 10 j
Hyades Seattle :....... Dec 10 i
Rival........ Willapa Harbor Dec. 10 |
Sun Juan .... Panama & Way . Ports. Dec. 10
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & WayPta. Dec. 1'J
Corona...... Newport & Way -Ports. Dec. 10
Point AVena. Point Arena .". Dec. in
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Dec. ,22
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports... .. Dec. 'Zi
Santa Ana.'.. Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 23
.Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Dec. 25
Nicaria...... Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 29f
Herodot ...... Hamburg & Way Ports. 1 Dec. 2(J
Curacao Mexican Ports ...IDec. 27
Australia.... Tahiti ...... ...... .{Dec. 27.
/ TO SAIL.
Steamer.. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
. ' ' December 17.
S. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Mandalay. . Coquille River. ..... 10 am Pier 2
Walla Wai. Puxet Sound Ports.. 11am Pier u
December IS. - .
Iaqua. . . . . . Humboldt ...... 4 pm Pier —
Pomona. .'. . Humboldt . . .... 1 :30 p Pier 0
NoWburg.). Grays- Harbor- 5 pm Pier 2
State or Cal San Diego & Way.. 9am Pier 11
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts. 12 ni PMSS
." December 19..' '
Empire..".. Coos Bay .V.\ ....... 9 am Pier 13
Peiu China «& Japan.. 1 pm PMiS ;
■ • -December 20.' 1 " ' '■
Eureka Humboldt .... .' 1) am Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt ..: 0 am Pier 2
■ December 21. . ■ ■
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma. .. 5 pm Pier 8
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 12 m Pier la
Corona..... Newport & Way.... 9am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
.Sequoia:... Grays Harbor ....... 6 pm Pier • 2
I J.' Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
" December 22." -•
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Rival..:..: Willapa Harbor .... 5 pm I Pier 2
Umatllla... Eaeet Sound Port3. 11 am Pier U
• . - December 21i. "■'. .
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via, Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Tucapel.... Valparaiso ■&. Way.. 12. m Pier 10
■^December SO. •
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
: , ' -FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ~ / For. .'- ',V I . Sails.
Cottase City. Skagwuy & W r ay Ports. (Dec. 10
City Seattle. . Skagway & '-Way. Ports. Dec: 18
. City of Topek Skagway & \\ ay Ports. Dec. 21
Dirigo... '...'•'■ Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 22
Excelsior.... 'Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 20
Sun; Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and ,. Geodetic . Survey—
■ • Times and : Heights? of. High and Low
•Waters' at --Fort iPotnt, .entrance- to San
• ' Francisco Bay. 5 Published ; by official au
thority of : the Superintendent. ' -v.' - i
; NOTE — The high ■ and low . waters : occur ; f.t
Ihe city front (Mission-street whart) about'
'twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY.- DECEMBER 16.
:Sun rises ... ." 7:111
Sun sets '...4:52
Moon sets 10 :2\ p. m.
O Time (Time . Time Time
£ ~ Ft Ft. Ft Ft
• .. H W L V> H W ' L W
16 3:41 5.0 8:51 2.8 2:311 4.7 0:06 0.5
17 4.:21 6.1 10:(XJ 2.4 3:44 4.3 0:57 1.0
18 5:00 5.» 11:11 2.0 5:0B 4.0 10:52 1.4
19 6:41 5.512:14 1.3 6:30 3.9 11:40 1.8
20 6:28 5.S 1:18 O.C 7:55 4.0.
L W H W L W H W
21 | 0:44 2.1 7:15 6.0 2:14—0.1 9 07 4.1
22 I 1:40 2.4 8:02 6.3 3:0,7 — 0.7 10:10 4.5
NOTE — In the above exposition ot the tides
the early . morning tides are given in the left
hand \ column and the successive tides of< the
day. in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time' column gives the last tide of the
day; except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and- then the number
g*v°.n is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters. "
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
|Sw. Wharf. San Francisco:
'&?i-2^fc^ for Alcs«kan ports— 11 a. m..
5$K»lrSK*-^ Dec 2 7 12 17 22. 27. Jan. 1. .
|&£P>S9»5'&t Change to company 1 * steam-
i rffiMsra^Sl «"« st Seattle.
F*&&5®fcfc C ) Fort Townsend. Seattl*
if Tacoma. Everett and Nevf
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
Dec S 7 18 17 22 27. Jan. 1. Chang* at Se-
(reles)-Steamer Santa Bosa. Sundays D a^ m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays 3 a m
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa C ™-™°~-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucns. Port Harford <3*n
Louis OblspoX. Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Hueneme. East San * > *«' r %J? a " dr ?
and Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays. 1
%or Enseaada. Masdaler.a Bay. ? aT1 '°*« ?; 1
Cabo. Mazatlan. Alwta La Pax. S*"* *£":
lla and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m..- Tfi of esrt
For further information cbtain the company* *
f0 The%oinpany reserves the right tj> chane,
*teamers. . palling days and hours of sahlfi?
without previous notion.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montsomery
street (Palace Hotelt. _
GOODALL. PF.KKINS * ro.. Oen. AcrenU.
10 Market »t San Franelsco.
O. R-'& /V, CO,
Only StetunsWp !"««» to '
% PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail l.'ne f rom "^rtl«nd to n]\
points East. Through Tickets to all
polrit-», aP rnil «*r Bteaoisnio and rail, at
LOWEST RATES.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BERTHand MEAI/l.
SS COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 14, 24, Jan. 3 12
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
.Sails Dee. 19. 29. Jan. 8. IS
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt.. 1 Wonts' y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA7
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COK-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HiojyO. Nasraraki and Shanghai and
connecting at Honjskomc with steamers for
India, etc.. No cargo received on .board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU ■••••_
Saturday, January 4th. 1902
SS. HONGKOXaMAmi... g^Wg "30th: -1902
SS. NIPPONMARO..^. ffgjjjfejgfc [&£
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freipht and passage apply at company s office.
421 Market ffee^ corne^Flrsj.^^
AMERICAN LINE.
KK* T02K. 8CHTHAMPT0U. LOKDOW. P»M1
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .,
From New York W^nesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ..Dec. 2r^t. Louis. .. .^. Jan. 15
St Paul ... Jan. 1 Philadelphia ...Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. SlSt. Paul Jan. 29
RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Vaderland ... .Dec. 25 Friesland Jan. 1."
Haverrord • . . . . .Jan. 1 South-wark . . . ..Tan. 22
Zeeland Jan. 8 Vaderland Jan. 29
'Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
. CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Paciflc Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cia Slid Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard S. P*ier 10, 12 m. •
TUCAPEL Dec. 23ILOA
AREQUIPA Jan. 4iPERU
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. !
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight I
and passenger office. 31fl California street.
BALFOTJR. GUTHRIE & CO.,' Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA 01REOF.
Cabin. $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
5. S. Leelanaw sails A'ondav, . Tec. 23
6. 8. Argyll . rails Thursday, dan. 23
S. S. Lee'anow *?»iU Monday. Feb. 3
From Howard^treet wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and - Passenger Office. 330 Market St.
■ . F. F. CONNOR, Paciflc Coast Agent.
*l_l!l" .. .. ! SIRECf LINE TO TAHITI.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. ...Thursday. Dec. 26. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti «
...•....;....:...>.... Jan. 4, '02, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
..'.'..Saturday, Jan. 4, '02, 2 p. ro.
1. D.SP&CKEU k BROS. C'j , Hfiarai Agents. 327 Marks; %\
Sen"! Passengar Gf&s, 643 Uarkst St., Pier Ko. ?. Facia: St
C0HPAGNI3 GENEBAu3 XRANSATi.ANTiQU2
DiKECT LINK TO HAVRE-PAKIS. .
Hulling every Thursday. Instead of dfJvrCjJB
Saturday., ac 10 a. m.. from pier *£. ■3 a UK < s"g
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havrj. 170 and upward. SeconJ
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
lork. J. V. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Paclnc Coast
• Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticltetn sold by all Rail-rwi' TlcKet Agents.
BAY AND JRIVER STEAMERS.
RBflMs llAVlRJl plYAUEJJ
Steamwi GEN. FRISBI3 or MONTICSLL)
S:45 a.' m., 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sun-
<Jay. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo . 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, S p. m.. except
. Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
i cents. Telephone Wain -15CS. Landing aad
office. Pier t. Mission street dock. HATCH
BKOS. • ■ ■» i
RAILWAY TRAVEIi: ;
'■ Via Sausalito Ferry-
Commencing September -V, 11)01.
' FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
1 *" AND SAN RAFAEL.
i WEEK DAYS— 0:55. 8:30. •y:30. 11:00 a. m.,
> »l-45 3:15 4:15. 5:15, *6:15, B:45 p. m.
i EXTRA TRIPS — For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. V7ednesdaya and Satur- ''
days at- 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
> sUNDAYS^-*S:00. »10:00, -11:30 a. m., •1:13,
i 3-15 '4-.-15. 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
. Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
( FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 0:27. 7:45. 8:35. 1U:15
a. m, •12:25. 2:15, -3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p." m.
r EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 0:45 and 0:55 p. m. Tfiffi |f
SUNDAYS-C:15. *8:00. •10:00,.*11:45 a. m..
• •i:40.-'3:15." 4:45. *6:30 p.\m. •
Trains marked <*) start from San Quentln. ■ •
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
1 WEEK DATS — 5:15. 6:4*. 7:55. 8:55. 10:U0
t a m. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
!• 'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
' and Saturdays at 7:10 and.lO:o3 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— 8:05, '10:05 -a. -in.. 12:05, 2:15,
• 3-M 5:00, 6:45 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero . and way
• stations. ; .
r 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Puncan Mills and way
i stations.
. S :00 a. ■ m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
t Legal 'Holiday boats and. trains will run on
t' Sunday time. .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
MAX V>CAK«'IM«'«>.
.:il (Main Line, Foos of Market Saeet)
LEATt — FllOM D»Ct.1!BE:i 6. I'J'Jl. - ARRITl
":«<►* BfiiicU, SuUiin.. Kluiim and ctecra-
- - meuto. . . ...... .......•••• S:il^T
1:OOa Vantille. Wlu t» r»," Kumaay ?:33r
<K!»A Martinez, Situ Kaiimn, Valicjo. Nv,'».
«!»IUU^»mtHaitl» V,»ax «:23r
■ SiUUa Davu. WnoUaiul, KuitfliU l.nvdlui.
Miirvnvill.-. «in>i"i.|.;. .... l*»-»»
8:OOa AtUuti.- Kiprew- O)fl«i> »m» K»st MiXSa
»:(»i»XiikI.'!!iri,.S.«r.ion .. ~*:~-i-r
»:ill)iNI'r<, VriiUbta. lUnlt.itl Viailia.
rortenl'lo 1:35?
»:3Oa Shnst* Kxpriw-D^rb, WUII!aiu*<Vr
■■■•s ■: B»rtlett Kfrh'csi. \Vill..u». Ue-I
Bluff. I'ortiHii.1 J=3»r
».!:<•» Sun .1i>h«. l.ii^riiiorf. HUMcklnn,
i....e tiMiawm ruc.«»i:io.
M.rymlll*. «:iiic. Uo-1 niusf r^SSr
Mt3(M(>itkiUlr.Ubliifie.Sii!i«ia. Junkrane 4 2.ip
»:O«» lln»w»nl. Ni!>Sii:>il '•*'*» Hiatii.it*.. ll»»3»
»:«OA V»il«jo ri:«Sp
»:««« I .os Autrolex Eifrw — Rl»rtln«-i,
Truer l.itiirop S-.H-fclu.it, M-re .1
Krwi M«Auz»!n 7:33*
»::1Oa Vnli.J», Ularllnr/. umI Wh» MUtiniu 7:»3p
I«:«OA Tli« Ufcrbml IJ»i»:to«l— <>sJo:i. I en-
- w.*>>*»hx a..-™*. r,?'SJ
H :IMM" K.n.nnonlo IM.n Sioii 1 1 1 ■»"*
3i<M»i- I: iiiii... Wlnti-M. .S»^ri»m^iili>.
«-(H«lini,il. Ki.ii.-I.l» S.-tu.lit.K. •*
M..ryH»ill.-. Orovllle • »=.V» »
3:30p ItaytTHnl. Nii.« itiul W»y .Sl»timi».. 1:33P
4-.«i«r MiitUii«. Sbi» l.'aum... V»l!oji..
Na|.». «.UIugKiKit. K»hU K«M ... "'•«»
•I:O»P Ni'e». LiTerniore. Stockton I^iili... »2 a.»p
4::t>>r Hnyivinl. M!w. !-si:i .l..nt-. l.iv. rn.oro |M:3Aa
4:3»r Tli« Oirl I .i*.ii ■ •.'. - I i«i. ... Tu!>.rr.
lUk<-rnn«iil. .Maiigiui for Bwta itur-
lwri», l<ns Aii«'-le» *:»•» \
St«»p Port Co»-a. Twry. L»<lsrrm. St^ckt.-n I »sX3A
5:<M»p Martin- z, Anticch, bu.tklun. Wsr-
crti.Fro^m...... I2:23P
li:»<>l- Ilityirai.i. MIsh unil Km Juae Si»»»
1<i-.<>»|- Vallejt , 11:23*
ii:O<n- (irii-iitiil i\I»il— Odifcn, I>s:iTer.
Omaha. St Lculs, Ohtogo 4j23a
*:0»i- Ori'K<m mid I'nlifornU Ki|-riui!<,Saa-
ntnianlv, !U>»)-h. ill-. I.'i-MIuk.
r.tiLli.n.1 rii t .l .--.OHI..1 Hii.l Knl S:3iA
M>«3r8sn P»b'o. l'.rt C«wt«. M.rliu.z
km.1 Way autiuus 11:23a
tn-.n^e v»ii r }. «a»af
COAST LINE (Narrow <,!in«e). v .
(t';H.t»f M.Tfe.:lSlrcv>.>
Hit.tA N«nark.(:.-iiUrtllli-.N»ii.l<>n«.Kr!t,Mi.
l;iiii!il«r«.'ri-«k.Sa.iit»C'iiizi<iKl \V»» ' _ *
stiiii..i.» ;.. ».ao»
. r4il.tr NeiTiirli. (,'enlertlllf. «rh .»>.»». Mew
Aliiia<i«ii, Krllim, linuliler Cn>«k,
HiuiU Cnn ami 1'riuuUiiil Way
H hilio..« IOiHOA
4il3r Nnwurk, h»ii .!<>«>. !.■•• CVm 18:5OA.
aO.Sup Ilanteri" Train— San Jcse and Way
Htntiong..^ :7.ao>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS FH1SCISC0— r<>*\ st' Xuket Sire:'. (Slip S) —
ti:15 'SOU 11:00a. u. 1:C3 J:JO S:15p.».
rromt'ilUMU— r»«l •' Br«J«»j.— ti: : ii0 *i.00 t3:0«
10:00A. U. 12:00 2.03 1:33 r.H. m
COAST IilXK («ro«il «au S e).
' (Thirl :.i.il lo%vn««ti.t att.)
litlut bttu Joiw.ml Way htatiuua. «s-*«»a
7:0«\ S»» .Jo.se :n.. I Way Sliill..im tS:«OF
/7:««* New Ah. ailwi /4:10»
8:00a Coast Line Limited — ban Jose,
Oiir. y. Sali ;aa, San Lnia Obiapo,
f ant-ik Unrbarv Iam Argelia and
principal intt-nnt ilia te stations .... 1 0:49V
BiOOa Salt .Ii4i<:. T.c< 1'iuiM. tkuOa t'liiit,
, ■ rniMiic «lriA«. raihna «an l.nU
Obs;>o niiii Prtudiial interaieUiata
Sl;.!.l.,ll» ... 4sI0f
1O::iOa Sin .Trac ami Way Stations. *::»«*
ll::i!)A Haii.limai.il Wa) SULimiii 9:40a
tS: l.1p San Umtro. IU-ilwi-o.1. Alt-nlo l\irit.
Vain Alto. SanUCiara. NwiJiho.
Tr?» Picof, mil On**, Saliusa,
MniueifyMi") I'auitic <4rnTe |>0:43a
3;»»r San Jimr »n«l V/ay .Stali.M.ii. l:*«r
M:l.1rS»ii,loiii!aii.l |-rii<-ti<al W» r Htoilma StSOf 1
4:3<lr Suns* 1 1 imited— Mcndsya, Wt <ln»s-
rt»ys, F»iil-»y». for iM. An-teW*, FI
Fa.<o New t Orleans anil New York.
>>riTea Suausys. Tuesdays and
Thursdays irt^JSl
t&:GOrSau .I.,k,-, l.os Gatos sn.l Principal
Way SUtions.. t?»:»«A
3:2»r »»iiJnw an.i Principal W»y Station* «:»oi»
• «::iOi- .Sm, .'.,^->tii,l U'a T Sr.a».i.>M» ?:»Or
■JiOOp Nrw Or!#aca Kxixm-s — >aii Lnfs
" O!>i*i'O. elanla ts^r v '»r». I.** An-
geles. 1) mine. Ki S'Mdo, Neif Or-
lo-ius ami V.i*s, 7:SOa
all;4-"»p San ■)"»!• »■■■! >V»v Srj.ti.MH 7i:tOl»
A^for Morniiij ." fur Afti-riiimii.
♦ Mniirtay rxa«|«:ed- I Snisdar ou'y
a Saturday only. / Turtd iy.< cud Friday*^
Santa Fe ,
Trains-Daiiy,
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot '
~" " I Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Daily Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:COa S:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p. 1:30 a 0:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:^5 p a-.15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p S:05a
" Visalia.. 3:3»,p 5:00a
" Ba^rsfld C:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40a i:SO* I
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
S:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cut3 out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at (f:00 p. in.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — Wl Market street and in Ferfy
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
11 ■■ — '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRAHCISGO 'AND NORTH PACIFIC
HAIi-WAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30 !>:0O, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3J,
5:00, «:2O p. m.
San Rafas! to San FransUco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 0:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10,
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
" Leave | In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901| San Francisco.
Week I Sun- | I 1 Sun- I Week.
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:U0am| 8:00am| Novato, lt>:40am| 8:40am
;{:30pmj »:30amj Petaluma, 0 : 05pm 1 10 :25am.
5:10pm| 5:00pm|Santa Rosa. 7:35pm| U:20piq
I . Fulton. |
7:30am J Windsor. 10:25am
- • I 5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
- Lytton.
Geyservllle, • -;>■ - ! -
3 -30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7U55pm 6:20r.m
7:30am 5:00pm Hcpland. 10:4Oam|10:25a.m
3-:t0pm S-.»0am and Uklah. 7:35pm| 6:2Oi'Ul
7-aOam 1° :4Oam|10 :25am
8:C0arn Ouerneville. 7 :30pm I
S :30pm 5:C0pm | 8:20pn*
7 -30am 8:00am Sonoma I 9:15am 8:40am
and [
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05pm 6:20pm
7-30amt 8:00am| |10:i0am|10:23.ira
':t:30pm| 5:0Opm| Sebaatopol. [ 7:35pm| 6:2Opis
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
SDrings and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
GeygervlMe for Skaggs Springs; at Clo\«rdal9
for the Geysers; at Kopland for Dun>»3
Scrinzs Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Wi:ter
Springs! Upper. Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrtn' Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot
Springs " Mendocino City, Fort Brags, W»st-
port L'sal, WiHita. Laytonvllle. Cummin3,
Bellfs Springs, Harris, Olsen'3. Dyer, Sootla
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to a:l points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Qhrotlcla
building.
II. C WHITrNG. H. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen, rasa. Agt.
flOUNTTAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of MaTkct St. Son Fran.
4J5 p. 11:30a. _ n>.««.i, i: -^ p - & «' & p *
: »1:15p. "-"- w " kI>ll '™ lT - • 5:55 p. /
Tlak.-t OUkcJ. «±1 M AilStr STSEKT and SACSJLUTO JERilt
j^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jK^C^ftiln 15.>3 tortlie trcatnvnt ..f Irivntn
hH L±t£*H.l IW^isw, U>"t Mni)no«.(i. Dfhliliy or
ffl3Rfi£«^(liM-a9» wKirhipnii hodvnntl niln- ;vil
2«ASi%KfjTa.skiii Diseases. The Doctor c«r»*s t.'lifa
2^^Ss^T^W"therr, fan. 'IVy hin. lUarges low.
Urr, j. jg>. HIBBO3T. tMui Frauclaco. CftL i^.
910
■ AT gVERTISE MEUTS. '. -.,.-. -.I J.:^-':-
/*"* J * I ' A.
Apprecia- | f^^^^f^M
Pi. S S&^V
resents.
Writing i^y(^^r»l!
JL>eSK 01* 2L g&^fflSRS&mjw]
We have them in great array— in all woods
and all styles and we sell them at prices which
put them in reach of any one who! has a few dol-
lars to spend for Christmas.
Indianapolis Furniture Co.
750 Mission Street,
ASSASSIN ALMOST DECAPITATES
DEFENSELESS CHINESE COOK
Highbinder of the Bing Kong Tbng Skulks Into
Jackson-Street Lodging-House, Entices Victim
to the Door and Cruelly Slays Him With a Hatchet
Hacked to death with a hatchet in the
hands of a murderous fighting man of the
Bing Kong Tong was the cruel fate that
befell Wong Fook, a Tim Kee man, in his
room in a lodging house at 607 Jackson
Btreet, shortly before 6 o'clock last nlght.
The murder was one of the foulest that
has grown out of «. -e present highbinder
war which has been going on in China
town since Thanksgiving day. The mur
dered man was horribly cut on the head
and shoulders. One wound at the base of
the skull nearly severed the head from the
body and must have caused instant death.
It is said by those who are familiar -with
the differences between the warring fac
tions that Wong Fook, the murdered Chi
naman, was the victim of mistaken iden
tity. He was living In a little room on the
second floor of the building where the
murder occurred, with three members of
the £uey Sing Tong, and it is believed
that a Bing Kong Tong hatchetman slew
Fook, thinking he was one of the Suey
Sing men.
■ The murdered roan was a native son and
was known to be very religious. His
friends claim that he was in no way impli
cated in the present troubles and this
statement strengthens the theory and
general belief existing in Chinatown last
night that "Wong Fook was slain by a
highbinder who was too cowardly to take
time to identify his victim before he dealt
the death blows with the hatchet. It was
the first case i- hatchet warfare that has
occurred for over a year.
Goes to Horrible Death.
Wong Fook was in his room preparing
his evening meal when the highbinder
knocked at his door. The hallway outside
was dark and Wong Fook opened his door
to a horrible death thai lurked in the
shadows. His murderer first struck him a
blow en the top of the head with the blunt
ANGELUS
PIANO PLAYER
RECITAL
Saturday Next, 3 p. m.,
at Sherman-Clay Hall.
Owing to the fact that great Interest
has been taken in the Angelus and as
the exhibition room in the store is not
large, Sherman, Clay & Co. have de-
cided to hold an Angelus Recital in
Sherman-Clay Hall Saturday after-
noon, December 21. at 3 o'clock.
The programme v.ill constitute num-
bers from the old masters as well as
popplar music.
There will be no admission charged,
but to prevent overcrowding of the
hall tickets should be procured at
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s store, Sutter
and Kearny, after Tuesday.
The Anselus is a small instrument
which enables anybody to play the
piano with all the feeling and expres-
sion of a master of the pianoforte.
This occasion affords a splendid op-
portunity for seeing the wonderful
achievements of this remarkable in-
vention.
Eherman, Clay & Co. extend you a
cordial invitation to the recital.
Sherman, Glay & Co.
Stcinway Piano Dealers
Cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.
Cor. 13th and Broadway, Oakland.
711 Second avenue,«Seattle.
end of the hatchet, and, when the unfor
tunate man fell*tt> the floor, the assassin
fiendishly sank the sharpened blade of the
weapon into his skull and body. Then he
stealthily shambled along in the darkened
hallway to the stairway and made his es
cape unseen to the street. The cowarulv
crime was committed quietly and the
murderer left no clew but the hatchet,
which was found lying in a pool of blood
beside the victim.
Detective Ed Gibson received a tip
shortly after 6 o'clock that trouble had
occurred in the building where Fook
lodged. Gibson and Sergeant Conboy hur
ried to the scene, but upon arriving they
found everything quiet. The other lodgers
in the building stated to the police of
ficials that they had heard of no trouble,
and believing that the report was "a
canard they left the place. A short time
later another Chinaman told Detective
Gibson that a man had been shot In the
Jackson-street building and the officers
went again to the scene. '
Police Find the Body.
They knocked at the door of Jew Foo,
secretary of the Six Companies, who told
them he had heard some noise in the rear
of the building-. Detective Gibson went
to the rear of the building and on open
ing Wong Fook's door a ghastly sight
was presented. The murdered Chinaman
lay across the room In a bloody pool with
his head dangling in the woodbox.
Wong Fook was a cook and has been
employed, on various coastwise steamers.
The murder of Fook will undoubtedly
cause more trouble In Chinatown. It in
dicates an outbreak of hostilities between
the Bing Kong Tong and the Suey Sings.
As the war between the Bing Kong Tong
and the Four Families Is still on the
Chinatown squad will probably be kept
busy. Up to a late hour this morning the
police had developed no clew to the slayer
of Wong Kook.
CLAIMS HE WAS ROBBED
-.0; OF A VALUABLE PIN
E. H. Spencer Says Diamond Was
Taken From Him in B'nai
B'rith Hall. 1
E. H. Spencer, who- recently came to
this city from Denver, and who resides
at 327 O'Farrell street, reported to the
police last night that he had been robbed
of a 1360 diamond necktie pin. Spencer,
while out viewing: the attractions of this
city, happened to visit B'nai B'rith Hall,
where a dance was in progress. While
he was in the hall, he claims, a, number
of young men who, he says, had been
casting covetous glances at the $360 dia
mond which he was wearing in his neck
tie, made an attack upon him. He told
the police that they, mauled him about
the hall, and in the scrimmage stole his
pin. . y
Spencer first reported his loss to Of
ficer Wilson. The officer accompanied him
to the Hall of Justice, where he gave a
detailed account of the theft te Acting
Captain Joh'n Martin. The acting captain
detailed officers to make, an investi
gation. ■ • /,-■
At an early hour this morning Police
man Cullman arrested three young men,
Thomas Hendon, John Boyle and F. E.
Dupont, on suspicion of having been Im
plicated In the theft of the diamond. As
they were unable to satisfactorily ex
plain their actions during the evening
they were placed under arrest and their
names registered in the detenue book.
The police will make a'Turther investiga
tion to-day. 'a -v ■■•":>".•
New Firm Is Incorporated.
Articles of incorporation of the East
Shore Company were filed with the Coun
ty Clerk Saturday. The company Is or
ganized, to deal in property of all kinds,
to buy, sell and operate vessels of every
description; to maintain warehouses,
build docks, piers and wharves; to build
and operate tramways and railroads of
every description, and to own" and op
erate mines. The company is capitalized
at $25,000, all of which is subscribed by
William S. Tevis, Clinton E. Worden, D
G. Scofleld, H. C. Breeden and E S
Pillsbury, who are the directors of the
corporation. '
Archbishop Chapelle Returns.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.-Archbishop
Chapelle of Nefv Orleans, lately Papal
delegate . to the Philippines, returned
from Europe to-day on the La Bre
tagne. Mgr. Chapelle was sent to
Manila by the Pope : in 1899 at the
suggestion of President McKlnley to set
tle the friar question. . On the way home
from this mission he stopped at Rome
and to-morrow he will make his report
to President Roosevelt. The Archbishop
declined to discuss his mission abroad be
fore making his report to the Washing
ton authorities. *
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALLj MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1901.
LOVE BRINGS HIM BACK TO THE GIRL
HE HAD FIRST PROMISED TO MARRY
Young Ned Haley and Miss L^o Nielsen of^W
Day Set— He Makes Another His Wife, but' Subsequently Secures
a Divorce and Runs ] Avyay to Reno With His Original Fiancee
A BROKEN-HEARTED . Berkeley
girl laid away her trousseau
months ago . when the man with
whom she had plighted her
troth married another woman.
Last week the man to his first
sweetheart and toltf her the old tale
again and they fled together to the ha
ven of California divorcees across the
State line. He said he had been divorced
from his first wife. • "' „
A vear aeo on New Year s day Miss
VETEBANS OP CIVIL WAR
PETITION ROOSETv'ELT
Hold Regular Meeting, at Which
General Discussion Divides the ■
Time With Resolutions. ,
The Veterans of the Civil War Associa
tion met on Saturday evening for a dis
cussion of matters important to the mem
bers.
A motion was made to send representa
tives to the Republican State League of
Clubs, but after considerable discussion It
was decided that on account of , the large
number of Democrats in the association
representatives should not be sent. -
Strong resolutions were adopted in favor
of the total exclusion of Chinese and
Japanese and all other pauper labor.
A resolution was adopted asking presi
dent Roosevelt to issue an order to' the
heads of departments. to reinstate all vet
erans who. were removed from their posi
tions on account of-plltics. .. -
Knocked Down by a Bicycle.
Emma Tilton,' a domestic employed • by
Mrs.. Turner 'at'1148 O'Farrell" street, -was
knocked,. down by a. bicycle at the cross
ing of Thirteenth and Folsom • streets at
5 o'clock yesterday afternoon: The woman
was crossinc Thirteenth • street, '.when .a
man on a wheel dashed against her 'and
rendered her • unconscious. She was
taken to the Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. McElroy treated her ■ for contused
wound of the forehead, a lacerated wound
of the nose and severe concussion of- the
brain. She remained in- an -unconscious
condition for quite a period after her ar-;
rival at the hospital, .but .finally recov
ered and was taken home by her frlenda.
The rider of the wheel stopped -his. bicycle
and stated to bystanders that he would
surrender himself to - the " police, • but a he
failed to do so. - -.* : . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
harpSKs
A Splendid Holiday Gift
Wouldbegoods
By E. Nesbit.
One of the great Children's stories of lit-
erature written for .grown-ups. "It; tells
of the humorous escapades , of ,'a" family
of English boys and girls. It is told: from'
their point of view. It reminds one of the
"Whllomville"- Stories of Stephen Crane—
the same ■ delightful : style, wit' and : viva-
cious humor; It is an - : ideal ■ book V for
Christmas.
Illustrated 1.50..
HARPER&BROTHERS
Franklin Square. New} York. ,
Leo Nielsen and Clarence C. Haley,, bet
ter known as "Ned" Haley, were to have
been .married. The ceremony was not
performed and a few weeks ■ afterward
Haley married a girl from Upton, Shasta
County, where 1 tie was employed as
bookkeeper in the ! Van Arsdale Lumber
Company's office. Young 1 Haley's father
was at one time principal- of ■■ HeaW's
Business College. He died recently.
While visiting his father at his West
Berkeley; home Haley became acquainted
with Miss Nielsen, the' daughter of L. N.
HONORS ARE BESTOWED
UPON MOTHER MARGARET
Visits Pope Leo XIII, VTixo Bestows
■ Blessing* Upon Her for
: Community.
Mother .Margaret, ! the founder of the
Girls' Directory Orphan' Asylum' at Cen
tral avenue and .Waller jj street,; has re
turned to this city • after ! an j absence of
three months, during most of which time
she was in Rome. - . - .'
.Mother Margaret was honored • by Pope
Leo XIII during her stay in Rome.- Be
sides being received, by his .Holiness in
person . and having a blessing; bestowed
upon her for her community, Mother Mar
garet, with; the Pope's permission, opened
one of ; her homes in : Santa Enea.ln the
Archdiocese of -Perugia, where . Leo was
Archbishop for many years before he was
made; Pope. • .' ■ ■
.Great reduction In prlcfc on Holiday Liquors
at Horwltz & Conn's. "1710 Market.- phone South
C84. "...Straight whiskies, $2. $2 50, $3 gal. Port,
sherries, 75c. $1,;$1 25 gal. Purity guaranteed. •
Civil Service Examination.
-The time for filing applications foiv the
examination- for. chief assistant engineer
in the Department of. Public Works. has
been extended by the Civil Service Com
mission until to-morrow afternoon, the
ii. i n , st - at 5 ! o'clock. The examination
will take place on Wednesday and Thurs
day,'the ISth and 19th inst. The time for
filing applications has been extended be
cause ; of the small number who have as
yet made application for this very im
portant examination. . , - ,,
jO. _...,•• ADVERTISEMENTS. '
PM efFMf
' r£ •'• Ought to be bestowed tfo
'f with ■ a view , to utility -«S
If; and comfort. If you mil
0 have a friend or relative : . Wj
' W " whose eyesight is defec- s . Qll '
ffb tive or failing a pair of ■ nH "
jgsj . our. glasses would;. be B
Cwsrr tne proper thing for a n
?\f f)).' gift. You can obtain an H
W order for. glasses .from ' H
■ JSL i'' us. Present it as 'a gift. .53
g*^3 and we will honor it at fi^fl
: itfj ' '.'.. its - face value at our flfl
jj. Remember Our Name fil
''■' f\"'' and Number. . $1/
y^2l7Kearny.:5t.tataajii> a
Nielson, an old resident of the West End.
Later they became engaged. Then Berke
ley people were surprised by Haley's
marriage to the Shasta girl. ,
Telegram Announces Marriage.
Thursday last Haley and Miss Nielson
disappeared and according to Miss
"Amelie Nielsen, Miss Leo's sister, the
'following: telegram, dated at Neno, Nev.,
was received by her mother Friday:..
P . Ned and I were married here to-day. LEO.
! But little further information could Be
obtained at the Nielsen residence onUni
,versity;avenue, Berkeley. Mrs. Nielaenac
knowledged the departure of her daugh
ter and Haley, but stated that no par
ticulars of the wedding could be given
, out until the two returned. "I do not
know when they will' return," said the
mother, "and: I can tell nothing regard
ing their marriage." Mrs. Nielsen is
greatly grieved over her daughter's ven
ture.
Do Not Know First Wife.
Mrs. J. E. Morehquse, a sister of
young Haley and who resides on Berke
ley way, East Berkeley, had this to say
regarding, the elopement:
BERKELEY GIRL WHO ELOPED
WITH OLD-TIME SWEETHEART
AND WEDDED HIM IN RENO.
I • have heard rumors that Ned has goc
away with Miss Nielsen, but I do not kno'
whether they are true. -I- have never " hear
that , my brother was divorced, and if he
It is news to me. He has been employed for
the 'last seven years at Upton and was mar
ried less than a year ago to a girl there. He
was formerly engaged to Miss Nielsen, but the
match was broken oft for some reason which
I never learned. His wife was visiting in San
Francisco recently, but Ned was not with her
th«n so far as I know. I was told that he
was in West Berkeley last Sunday. His wife
Is now in Placerville with friends.
A peculiar circumstance connected with
Haley's ; first marriage is that neither
his sister nor Miss Nielsen's relatives
know the name of his' first wife.
BREAKS THE WINDOWS
OF PAROCHIAL RESIDENCE
Miss Belle Thelmey Smashes Glass in
Home of Pastor of St. Pat
rick's * Church.
Miss Belle ' Thelmey, while temporarily
suffering from dementia, last night began
to break the windows of the parochial res
idence of the pastor of St. 'Patrick's
Church. The unfortunate woman was
placed under arrest by Officer W. H. Har
rison and removed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where one of her hands,
which had been cut by the. broken glass,
was dressed. She was detained at the hos
pital on a charge of insanity.
This is not the first time that Miss Thel
mey has developed a mania for breaking
windows, but hitherto she has confined
her attentions to those of her own hous»
at 211 Minna street. As far as is known
by the police window breaking is the only
way In which the unfortunate woman has
given signs of mental derangement.
All for Young Men.
During this month. only young men may
secure annual membership tickets in the
Young Men's Christian Association at the
special club rate of $8.00. A membershio
ticket will be a valuable Christmas pres*
ent. -■.._■ ..;; ■ . •
OPPENSEIM'S SLAYER
/ NOT YET DISCOVERED
Police Still Adhere to the Theory
That the Shooting Was
, . Accidental.
The detectives have practically given up
any hope of finding the man who fired the
fatal shot . at , Adolph Oppenheim In his
shooting gallery ■ on Dupont street late
Thursday night. Every possible clew has
been closely followed without any result.
The officers still adhere to the theory
that the shot was accidental and that the
man. -who fired it either does not know
that the bullet had struck Oppenheim or
is afraid to make himself known.
The inquest will probably be held to
morrow, but Captain Seymour does not
expect to have any further- evidence to
offer than that already published. The
theory that business rivalry had anything
to do with the shooting is scouted by the
police.
Copies of the great Christmas edi
tion can be obtained from all agents,
newsdealers, ' newsboys and at tiie
Business Office of this paper.
Carpenters Elect Officers.
Carpenters' Union No. 22 held - a. meet
ing last Saturday evening and elected the
following officers:
President; P. P. Nicholas; vice president J.
.T. Burns; recording secretary, W. -E. Smith;
financial i secretary, N. . L. Wendell ; treasurer,
P. Conner; conductor, Fred Mertes; warden,
Joseph Rosa;' trustee, J. ' J. Swanson; auditor,
N; H. Estes; trustee Organised Labor, P. H.
McCarthy ; trustee for : ; labor temple, E. L.'
Malsbury; trustee- for progressive mill. P. • M.
Leonard ; delegates to District Council. John
F. McDonald,. Fred : P. Nicholas. Theodore
Wicks, ■ Joseph A. Rosa, Lincoln Regan. R. E.
Thurman. H. M. Saunders, Lauglilin Morrison,
William Harman and J. P. Morgan; delegates
to Building Trades Council, , P. H. McCarthy,
John J: Tierney, F. P. Nichols, J. ■ P.-'Horgan.
A: - L. Holllp. . J. J. Swanson, John .Van Dalcn.
P. Connor. J.. T. Burns, P.: M. Leonard,- A. P.
Peterson. • .-.* • . • •-■ • . -
' Trapper's Oil cures rheiimatiam and neuralgia.
Drueelsts. 60c flask.. Richard & Co. 406 Clay. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ELEGANT DISPLAY
SUITABLE FOR
Ladies 1 Noveltu Ruffs in LUertu, Chiffon and
Net, Black, White and Black, and Black and
White) Ladies'- Fine Feather Scarfs, White,
Black, Graus, Natural, and Black and White;
Ladies 1 and Men's Best Brands Fine Kid
Gloves and Silk Umbrellas; Ladies' Noveltu
Belts in Elastic, Jet, Velvet and Satin Studded?
Ladies 1 Real Duchesse Handkerchiefs, Real
Duchesse and Point Venise Collars, and Band
Collars, Ladies' and Men's Handkerchiefs,
hemstitched and initialed in both silk and
. linen, 1 Ladies' Fine Purses in Morocco, Walrus,
Alligator, Seal and Sea Lionj Men's" Silk
Reefers, Mufflers and a large importation of
Gents' New Neckwear? Men's Fine Underwear,
Hair Hose, White Shirts, Night Robes, Sus-
penders and Collars and Cuffs; Ladies' Cash-
mere, Silk and Merino Underwear; Silk,
Cotton, Merino and Lisle Hose.
OUR CLOVE ORDERS MAKE VERY ACCEPTABLE
HOLIDAY CIFTS.
HI, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
QOLDBZES, BOWEH fcCO'S SPECIAL 8ATIH3 SAC*
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
■.*:cd
Open Evenings
Christmas
tree ornaments
Our Importations this year comprise
an assortment never before approached
Bonbonniere toys to suit mostanybody's
hobby
Electric light and candle shades— for
decorating in any color — gorgeous se-
lection — and reasonable
Ch ristmas basket
Containing the famous Franc-American
Food Co's plum pudding — soup —
bird pate — custard sauce —chicken
beef tea
worth $2- — sells for '$i
Come early
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Pasha coffee— reg'ly 35c lb 2 lbs 55c
Royan sardines— reg'ly 15c can 2 for 25c
French Castile Soap No. i-reg'ly 50c bar
2 for 75c
Shelled almonds — reg'ly 35c lb 30c
Olives stuffed with peppers, bottle ioc
Cranberry sauce— jelly— Hb jars 35c .
Cranberry sauce— Anderson 2 can 25c
Italian chestnuts— reg'ly 15c Ib 2 lbs 25c
Malaga raisins— 1 and 5'lb boxes 35c — 5a
Pin money pickles — >£ pts reg'ly 25c 20c
Pin money mangoes— peppers— pts 45c
2 for 75c
Pineapple — Hawaiian, grated-reg2oc 15c
Pineapple " sliced-reg25c 22>£c
Cranberries— Cape Cod —
reg'ly 60c gal 50c
B on b o n s
For old folks— for little folks— for fun—
in all colors— ioc to $4 dozen
Liquor department
res'ly special
Whisky O K bourbon— $1 bot 3 for $2
4 gal 3
ooth's Old Tom Gin 1 bot 90c
. Orange bitters — Field-reg'ly $1 bot 90c
Bull Dog whisky
Rye and bourbon — 10 year's old-
very fine — first time advertised- &t 2 C
full quarts ;, J^ * 3
P u n c h
Arrac punch extract— bottle $1 50
Caloric— Swedish " 1 40
Vista del Vail e
wines—full assortment
Sa u t e r n e -
Plain sauterne— $5 50 case qts $425
'V r 650 "pints. 5 ' /
Dry-Hautand 1 Chateau Yquem Sau-
terns-Special discount 25 per cent off
regular prices ,
60LDB2BS. BOWES ft CO' 3 SPECIAL SAVIN3 S JLLB •
Pomm e rani a n
G u e ese
First received this season
Claret
rec'Iy speefat
Larose claret — $5 case qts $3 75
" •; "C f 6 " pints 4 50
Vin de Table— Chateau Victoria— Royal
Special discount 25 per cent off regular
prices
Arrived
Car of Poland water — still and sparkling
Rhine and Moselle <
w i n e s
Imported especially for the German trade
Assorted wines and liquors
Angelica — muscatel — medeira — sherry-
port — burgundy — riesling — gutedel —
sauterne— claret — malaga — brandy , w
Case 1 dozen quarts -$6fL^
Nick el -ware
A practical and beautiful suggestion
for Christmas gift
« Chafing dishes Tea pots
Baking dishes Coffee pots
Crumb trays 5 o'clock teas
Tumbler and bread trays
Perfum ery
Roger & Gallet— Pinaud— Violet-Hou-
bigant— Guerlain— Le Grand— Richard
Hudnut — represent the highest grade
goods made In the World — Individual
boxes— Fancy assorted cases— Special
sets as Christmas gifts
v>» 1 g a r s
I As Christmas gifts— 12-25-50-10x3 In
box— Ladies may order cigars here— We
know what to send— Special sizes in
pretty wrappers
Humidors
Elegant cabinets to preserve the good
qualities of fine cigars— In oak— cherry—
ma P le — beveled glass top— 53 50 to $12
A gift a gentleman who smokes would
appreciate .^
Come early t
43a P!n« 232 Sutter 2800 California San Franc!sc»
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
MISSION ST.,
Next to Fourth St.,
26x160 FEET TO JESSIE STREET AND 50
FEET IN REAR.
$31,000,
THOS. IWAGET& SONS,
. 5 Kontgom ery St.
mraULTYT
qmswEtx-KN'owN akt> rkliable or.n
.*. Specialist ewj-MBIOfHt Poison. <!onorr:i<xu,Gie«-t,
«ih!h I" iv"' Weakness. Impotencoanrt their
nlf J lsordprs - Bootc on I>i«w.ies of Met', free.
9to3rtally :6r30to3. aOev'ss. Sundays. 10 to li C»vgL)-
uuioulreeand sacredly conPdcntial. Call oradaf^s
„ , f.«OSOOE 31«X CITY. 31 . T>.
ZVlj Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
Weekly Call. $1 B er Year