*ee balloon ascensions. That's wnen'tn* '
crowd came. Prettyigay times,'! tell you*"*
that. Pretty gay/ times'." • --'
Herpicked outthe' spot from .which th«: i
balloon used to ascend, and the spot .where*, j
the swings were hung and the spot 1 where • -
the gravity-impelled ,boat x ' rode -its circles. : v -'
"Well,' it's a shame to see" it gone/'^'he;
said. . .' . . .. "
Andas he turned away: "It seems too
bad that the Sunday crowd, hasn't: any - ;
"And then there was the old bobtail
car." he -went on. - "It went out and out
and out until Jt came to Valencia street.
and there it turned off. * I; used; to go to
Woodward's Gardens that way of a Sun
day. How are the gardens now? Must
have grown to be ' pretty fine by this
time." " ' ¦.- .
Afterward, when he was taken to the
scene of the Woodward's Gardens of his
memory, he stood there in deep thought.
"Gee! Here's right about where the
swings wore," he reflected aloud. "Didn't
Querita like to swing,' though. I used to
bring her here of a Sunday, now and then.
"And the camel. Now, if there" was
anything on earth that little Juan liked,
it was that camel.- He'd rather ride it
than-be given a harp In paradise. - I won
der If -that camel's dead now, like all the
rest of 'em. / itijVf
4< x;came out here a lot of Sundays ; to
The large buildings almost frightened
him. 1 "Won't they tall down when the
next earthquake comes along?" he asxed.
As he gradually became accustomed to
the motion of the car he compared it with
its predecessors. ¦
"We used to ride about town in the old
balloon car," he said, and grew remi
niscent about the historic "balloon" that
was afterward supplanted by the Larkin
street line.
*^Tf RE those the automobiles you read
f I about? Are they the horseless car-
I I riages? They are a wonder, sure."
I - As a matter of fact they were
X cable cars standing in line at the
foot of Market street, ready to
march at the signal, propelled by a power
unseen. But to Ag&lestein Castro cable
cars were as new and unknown a thing
as automobiles.
For he has been shut up for thirty long
years, Bhut up within San Quentin walls,
and he is beginning to find that a good
many things have happened in those
. thirty years.
.^^.Steam has learned tricks that dazzle
'. Electricity has grown up, stepped out
of short frocks as it were, since he saw
the last of her.
She has learned to carry cars over the
San Francisco hills that he once looked
upon as an invitation for alpenstocks. She
has learned to carry your voice for hun
dreds of nales over a wire, and your
words even without a wire.
She has grown as clfc\er as the young
ster that you send away to college.
Agglestein Castro came to San Fran
cisco the other day tor the first time in
thirty years and he tried to say the'ap
propriaui thing. -, He couldn't.
Tnirty years ago he shot a man. That
is how it came about' that San Quentin
got hold of him.- He doesn't remember to
this day that he did it; but atter the
mescal began to work off they told him
that a saioon keeper was dead by the
¦work of his six ehooter in his own
drunken hand.
Agglestein Castro is a native of San
Francisco whose name dates back to the
days when fandagos and bear hunting
were more important to this coast than
shipping and railroading. He counted
among his friends those who bore such
names as Noe, Bernal, De Haro and Vai
lejo. The young men of these families
were his fellows on the bear lassoing ex
peditions: they were his rivals at the
dance. Most of them are dead and the
rest have forgotten him.
"That's where 1 was born, fifty years
ago," he said, pointing to the summit of
Telegraph Hill. There where the old
castle stands is the epot which, together
with acres and acres more of land, be
longed to the Castro estate.
The father was a wealthy man. He.
together with two or three other Mexi
cans, owned over $100,000,000 worth of land
in the State. The others died poor, but
Agglestein says that his father buried his
money somewhere on Telegraph Hill.
He never told anybody the spot, how
ever, so it is no better to be his rightful
.--¦beir than to be anybody else with a spade
Vn that hill. The father died when Aggle
ktein was still a young man; he was
thrown upon his own resources, and he
took his mother and his sister and
brother to San Diego. There he attempt
ed to support the family on his income
from sheep shearing, while his mother
made tamales and his sister Querita took
in sewing.
The next thing he did was to fall in
love, then to be jilted, to take to drink,
to get very drunk, to shoot a man, and
to be shut up for life in San Quentin.
Having been an ideal prisoner, he is now
at the end of thirty years out on parole,
and if he lets licuor alone he will have
his pardon from the Governor. He is now
working for Mr. Kohn at San Anselmo,
where he was taken directly from prison,
and it was only the other day that he
made his first visit to town.
"This ferry-beat goes by a different
route from what it did when I came
across here the last time," he said. "I
was going- In the other direction," he
added.
Thirty years ago, when he crossed in the
other direction, he was a young man of
20. Now, although only 50 in years, he is
70 in feeling. Ke is an old. bent man. He
is Rip Van Winkle returned, and not even
the <icgs know him. • .
"There wasn't any Tiburon then, and
the boat made a long trip in a roundabout
fashion and wound up at ' Point San
Quentin." he went on.
"That's the way they took me. Up by
boat— there wasn't any other way to go to
San Francisco from the south then. I
hear now there's a train that brings you
up here — two roads, aren't there? But in
ffiose days a steamer vf&s the onlv means.
I "After we landed at San Francisco we
took the old ferry. Well, if we haven't
stopped already! and it used to. take the
most part of the day to cross;."
He was surprised at being alreadv on
this side of the water, and he was thor
oughly dazed at what he saw when ho
left the boat. The Ferry building stretched
before him. mazelike, with its complex
» exits and entrances and corrals.
"Why, it used to be a kind of a shed,"
h* 5 said.
When he came out on the town side of it
he wanted to stand back and "size it up.*'
end had started to do so when he caught
fiiKht of the -cable cars which he took for
automobiles.
"They are a wonder, 6ure," he repeated.
When they were explained to ' him he
gazed in rapt admiration at the "no
pushee-no-pullee." He was a little sus
picious of them, for all that. He mounted I
a car with a firm grip on the rod and he
sat gingerly in liis seat, as if'he expected
the thing to run away and wanted to be
preparei to jump.
Along Market street he stared stupidly,
like a dumb animal. The giant buildings
were strange to him: the Intricacies of
Etreet cars bewildered him: the thrones of"
people on the streets— driving, walking,
wheeling — all confused him.
The old one-story buildings that he had
known were replaced by many story office
buildings, stores, hotels. Where St. Ig
natius Chut ch .had been a landmark, at
the fo.»t cf PowieJl street, stores now rose
and filled tVte land to the last Inch. Wh«re -
the old buildings had „ gradually . disap
peared and had given way to vacant lots,
all was now filled in. packed, built full
Where empty land had lain in his day now
rose the City Hall — huge. Imposing, unwel-
I coming. -"What's that stone woman and'
*t to represent?" he asked as the statue
caueht his eye
-,' place to "go now. They must have a dull
¦time cf.a Sunday."
' He was/ put on the first car for the '
park. ,
..;.-. It: was too bigTfor; him. He couldn't
realize .it some* way, he said.
? • '"We .'always thought- Woodward's Gar- •
¦ ' dens was big enough for us in ' those^i
days," he said. "And then there was the
•old Plaza,,-. I suppose that's gone, too."
He was very • much delighted to be told
. that'it was still in use, and, later on, to
. be shown it in the same ' old place.
"But you might, think the Chinamen
owned it; now,", he commented. "They do .
. .say 'that'.' Chinatown's grown a lot. In
my ; day It was just beginning up on Du
pont street, and ¦ there was such a little
hanclfulibf the Chinese that they couldn't,
pioteet^themselves, and the boys on the
stic'ets-used to josh .them and pitchinto
them.' too; sometimes." 1 . - .¦'¦''*•
He walked down Dupont street and saw
: the closely packed buildings. He followed
into < Giant avenue. - ; -.. . ¦
"Dupont street has been widened a lot
..since I last: saw it." "he said.
When- he was told that the lower part
| of it had.. outgrown Us old name and
-must iiow.be called Grant avenue he dis
; approved.. ¦'¦.¦"
¦ -_ "Dupont street was good enough in my
day,", he said. e, . • ¦-'¦•-.
Out r.t the Cliff he felt more at home
' than he did in town. The Cliff. House Is.
not the same building »that he knew,' but
: it is the CiiuV House for all that, and the ;
same ; pleasurs resort as ever: "But it
seems, queer to come here ona car,", he
said.-.VWe used to drive out here by way
of Trier street.". V '¦-•'- -
"".It -was the ; turn of r somebody of this
-generation to question : him then. Where
- in.the world was Tyler street? :
->" ' ''Why, ; Tyler street— "he couldn't see
"how Tyler street could have disappeared —
everybody.' must'know Tyler- street.i,For
it was by this name that he remembered
thV principal driving avenue of the town—
' Golden • Gale ' avenue as ¦ we know it.
Returning to the water front, he stared
at the vessels: and ferry-boats, all so in
- creased" in. numbers since' he had i seen
them. ¦'¦-¦". - : - •* ¦ • ¦ . '. „' : ¦.•"¦ ¦¦
'.'Where's the old El Capitan?" he saW;
. "and where's the Chlndu Wan?" "
'They, too, had gone. '. . -¦ ... ' .*-.•;
"I'd like to hear the calliope playing
' again,"^he" said; ¦ "the: old calliope that
used >• to ' cross every, afternoon on the"
'Chindu Wan.^ There used to be a crowd of
.': Uicis to listen. to ahat.'".' ¦ [: ' .
• - The ferry- syetfni puzzled him. - -.-.-;"
':'-¦ l "What's this talk" -of -the: broadi gauge
• ana ",'thfe Vnar caw- * gauge ?" \ he .'• asked. ' '.'I '¦
.. nevpr heard -of more than one wayto i-.'
to Oakland.". >j\ - ' . . .
"It was the ord El Capitan that used to
take us over there," he went on to ex
plain. "It ran between here and the Oak
land wharf."
The mole is new to him.
"It's a. big heap of dirt. It must h*v«
taken plenty long to T>u lid up. There was
a good -job for some rellow that diln't
have cash."J . -^
His mind runs on hard times, for they
are associated with his last recollections
of San Francisco.
"And the trains?" he asked. "I suppose
the trains run down 1 the coast to San Joa«
just, as they used to?"
He was assured that they wer« just aa
they used to be.
"I'd like to have a 'look at them, Juet to
see them coming- In and going out again.
I used- to /watch them a lot. Yes, It's a
lazy man's trick to watch the trains, and
I had a. lazy streak in me. But when I
worked, I worked. That's because I'm a
Mexican." ¦
When he" was told that he might go to
the station, he tried to lead the way. H«
did not leave the Market-street car at
Third.' . . r ,
, "Guess it's so long since you've been on
acar that you don't remember to get off,"
his guide said.
"What do I want to get off for? Oh,
you can't fool me now, even if this Is my
first day on cable cars. I know how to get
to Market and Thirteenth streets Just as
well as the next man."
"Third and Townsend" is a phrase that
he never learned.
Back in the center of town and loitering
along the streets he seemed suddenly to
realize how he had been "rubbering." "I
don't want to make you ashamed of me,
because of my staring like an owl," he
said.' "So I'll keep my head down and
turn my eyes up. I'm no farmer."
His first ride in a modern elevator
threatened to be his last. A quick ride
to the height of some dozen stories made
him reel so that he was not*sure of hi3
balance' for a quarter of an hour after he
had left the "airship," as he called it.
A trip to the Chutes at night was what
made him happiest. There were no sad
associations to be recalled, but there were
endless wonders to be seen.
.He roared with laughter when the first
boat shot the chutes.
"Something broke loose." he cried as
the party slid over the water: and when
he was told that there had been no acci
dent, that this was an amusement for
amusement seekers, he only laughed
again. \
' "I don't want any of that kind of fun,"
he said, only naif-convinced.
The -lion Wallace absorbed his atten
tion for at least ten minutes. His roar
seemed =. to- startle- the mam- No wonder,
when he v has seen and heard only the
monotonous noises of the prison for these
thirty years. ; ..- . *:
Returning in the electric cars his won
der . broke -, out afresh. Again he ex
claimed that -he' "couldn't get it through
his head how those wires, were rigged to
tow .the cars along." Having boarded it,
he got off just as it was starting in order
to look under it and see how the wheels
were "fixed." . *
As he was dragged up again to an out
side seat he heaved a long sigh. •
'.'I'll tell you what," he said: "I'd like
to have' fifty more years to live.^for this
is a new worM."
Hoy s;Sapjr ;F ;^a?lCtSCO ? Wftsfi Its SlJsy
• : UtF^ ar|d;vUo^(gj-ri Inversions,, S^rps
• to: a Man Who Has*S$snJn San
LOST TO THE WORLD
FOR THIRTY YEARS1A ORA ' NA TAHITI"— that , was tha
song bur hearts were singing on the
morning, of- June 26— the hearts of
those who were going down to*Jthe
sea in the great ship Australia:,-To
be sure, most of the company .had never
heard the words nor knew their meaning,
but among us" there were some who had
been" born and bred in fair .Tahiti, and
others there were— it seemed from every
race and clime— who had dwelt thete for
years,. and their intense longing for home,
their enthusiasm about their lovely island
paradise passed soon to stranger hearts
and ears, and so not many days out the
spell and fascination of this pearl of the
Pacific was upon us all; thus, It was that
the burden of our song was "la ora na
Tahiti," rand the music melted all hearts
into one. ••, • . - .....;..•¦....
The Fourth. of July was passed in mid
ocean,-and you may be sure- we did not
forget -to put in prayer .and- praise and
.speech" and "patriotic, anthem the story of
our country's • glory. Other places and
other- Americans may, have had more elab- |
orate celebrations, but surely none that
were entered into with more spirit, nor
brought with them a more realizing sense
of -what American ' citizenship '( with - its
blessings and duties meant. Judge Knight
of Ix>s Angeles 'entertained" and edified ua .
"Toilers of the Seal" \vith"a speech that,
e'ntirely impromptu;" was really "remarka- .,
ble.for its beauty and eloquence and yet
simple dignity. . The " afternoon was spent
on the .hurricane deck, where a pro
gramme of games, both for ladies and
gentlemen, caused much enthusiasm and
laughter. , . ¦ ••¦¦¦." < ' .
And so the days went by, delightfully
and all too rapidly. Early on the ¦
morning of July '6 we found ourselves
drifting in the harbor of Nukahiva; the
principal island of the Marquesas, waiting
for the pilot and physician, not a cloud
between us, and the heavens» the faint
odor of the land stealing out to us from
the tropic island, the music of the surges
tossing on the beach. Boats were soon
wered and manned and in a short time
¦ were landed on the shores of lovely
./likahivaw The white coral sand shone
«lke bits of broken glass,, and downvto
ocean's very edge row upon row of stately
cocoa palms reared their, graceful heads
to heaven. These, interspersed with rose
wood, sandalwood, breadfruit, banyan,
mangoes, guavas and other strange- and
wondrously beautiful forms of tropic veg
etation made real a land hitherto we had
only dreameS of and seen in painted
pictures. • . '.- " ' - • . •
We had six hours on, shore, and during
that time saw something of the natives.
We also called upon the sisterhood, who
are laboriously striving to teach these
young "savages"!the ways and graces of
Christianity. .And indeed theirs is an up
hill task. If Christian faith and eractica
could be loosed from so-called Christian
civilization and from many of, its expo
aents-as found in these peaceful isles all
might be well with the missionaries and
their neophytes. ¦ We had the honor of
dining with Monsignor Martin, the Vicar
Apostolic of the Marquesas. Truly his Is
an apostolic life, and a more kindly, gen
tle and hospitable shepherd of hls-flock
one would scarce wish to- see.- It remind
ed us of some such scene'in the life of one
of the apostles to watch this humble
Christian Bishop, In his poverty and sweet
simplicity and without one word of apol
ogy, for his slender larder. and poorly fur
nished banqueting, hall, going about and
with his own consecrated hands preparing
dinner for those who were so favored as
t» be his guests. .
Th« •pTtcopal "palace," the cathedral.
By Zev. John A. £,ally.
fastened, if you please, wira a garseouj
hatpin of prismatic glass. And in some
quarters the inducing of these poor na
tives to thus clothe themselves passes for
civilization. Other women who are as
yet still near to nature's heart despisa
this headgear and crown themselves with,
garlands of frangipani and hibiscus flow
era, which here attain the dimensions of a
saucer. Their ears they entwine with
other sweet-smelling blossoms. But all
alike are addicted to tha Mother Hub
bard habit— and it would seem irrevocably.
Boots for either sex are entirely un-^
known, for the reason that from conH
' stantly going barefooted their feet araT^
flat and exceedingly broad, and boots to 1
fit would have to be something- the siza
of their own canoes, but loss graceful In
outline— decidedly so.
Frequently you see a Mother Hubbard
with one or two yards - of a train and
sometimes the women carry these "court
trains" over their arms and so save wear
and tear and avoid blinding their neigh
bors with dust and poisoning them with
microbes. Fancy what a comfort these
South Sea ladles, with their thoughtful
ness concerning the ravages of the "dead
ly microbe," would be to the Oakland
Supervisor who strove to put the ban
on trailing skirts! Thus virtue is its
own reward and even Oakland waa re
membered in our wanderings in the South
Seas. Other dusky maidens there, were,
however. And they seemed to have an
utter contempt for the "microbe fad."
and one of the funniest sights under
heaven is to see them go sailing by,
bare-footed and their long trains gather
ing up the dust like a city street sweep-
Ing machine and seemingly as self-satis
fied as must have been the good Queen
of Sheba when she appeared bef ore Solo
mon, in all the glory and magnificence 0*
an up-to-date wardrobe.
Two of these native women some of us
will never forgej. Enthused with rum
and, drunk with a conviction of their own
gorgeousness, they frequently appeared
at most unexpected time3 and places,
clothed in Mother Hubbards of intens*
purple and with regulation trains. Th«
sight of us seemed to make them starle
mad and immediately they would begin
to caper unsteadily to the weird move
ments of their native dance. Tha only
explanation of their "midwinter" matasii
we could offer was possibly they had
•' gone daft over one or other of the hand
some gentlemen of our party.
The natives, as a whole, are a •Impla,
kindly, gentle race — positively handsome
in many cases — with their souls, without
guile or pretense, looking at you from th«
depths of coal black eyes— eyes that would ,
give beauty and distinction to the most 1
ordinary face. But like the Marquesans. I
moral and physical disease are sapping
their fine proportion and defacing their
bodily comeliness. However, they ax»
still a race that artists and lovers of th«
body beautiful can yet enthuse over—
with their intensely black hair, .pearly
teeth, broad noses and copper colored
complexion and without a trace of th«
conventional savage in their tenderly «•
¦ pressive . faces.
From what we could learn from hlglj
class half-castes and unprejudiced Euro
peans the pure native makes no pretense
of practicing sexual morality. In other
times, so we were told, it was not so.
Many Europeans resident in those Islands
have no high standard of living, and th«
poor natives have caught the moral con
tagion and strive to imitate those whom
they consider their. betters. And so laxity
In the decencies of life has terribly In
creased in later years. Marriage laws are
ignored or not enforced, and many of th«
natives have reduced the relationship ¦ of
the sexes to the manners and customs OS
the poultry yard.
To sea a native reeling drunk is no ex-
The remainder of the day w» spent in
walking about through the shaded by
ways and lanes of this topsy-turvy little
city. The streets are absolutely noiseless,
save now and then an occasional weird
chant coining from native throats, to
which native rum had lent enthusiasm,
for, although this was only July 9 and the
"fete" did not besin until July 14, the gla
mour and the promise of It was already in
the hearts of the natives, and, like happy
children of other climes, they were begin
ning a bit early to enjoy Its many pleas
ures and, alas, its too great freedom and
license. We notice that the natives all go
barefooted, men and women alike. Tha
men -are clothed in a long strip of thin,
cloth dyed in contrasting colors of whit©
and red and blue and orange. This is
called a. "pareu,"/ and falls in graceful
folds from the waist line to the knees,
the upper • and lower portions of . their
bare, bronze, shiny bodies being- nude.
Their heads, covered with a thick growth
of black hair worn short, are topped oft
with a hat of any description— in fact,
"any old thing," so long as it is a hat.
The - native women - wear the Mother
Hubbard gown, and anything more un
graceful and better calculated to hide tha
beauty of the "female form divine" was
never invented, even by missionaries. The
(female portion of .the population seem to
have caught some idea of its, utter hlde-'
ousness, and. so strive to even up things
by '.having their "glad rags," as one
American irreverently styled them, made
of .cloth more or less expensive and be
flounced and bef rilled and trimmed with
lace and ribbon. The very up-to-date
amonff them wear a Jaunty sailor hat,
poised upon their well greased heads and
' Here we Americans' gained our first les-
Bons oh the ~strenuous life," as It is un
derstood in the ; tropics, among us
'wished'" to make* a few necessary pur
chases, so we w.endedrour way to a store
owned and controlled .by an American
company,- the only one in Tahiti. The
hour was 10:30 a. m., the doors were wide
open, the clerks— some of them at .any
rate— standing - outside. We stated our
wishes and were promptly informed that
we could buy nothing until 12 o'clock
noon. At first we took it as a joke, but
soon realized that it was sober truth.
Everybody .who was anybody had gone to
breakfast at 10 a. m. and all work had
ceased, until after 12. The business hours
are -from 7 a.m. until 10 a. m. — two hours
for. breakfast— and work from 12 m. until
5 p." m., when everything is closed for the
night. That beats the 6 o'clock closing
movement of the~S3tates to a finish.
through the narrow opening In the coral
reef, and gazing* through interlacing
forests of cocoa palms and endless vistas
of green, we could see the cross-sur
mounted -steeple of the cathedral, tha
tower of the former royal palace, and the
government houses of the French offi
cials. •
As we drew near to the Oceanio wharf.
It would ' seem as if gathered ther 9
was the whole population, . native
and otherwise — the- women clothed in all
the colors of the rainbow and in all the
fashions that have come and gone since
• Mother Eve first wove for herself a gar
ment of leaves. All this In the funny little
town of Papeete, the seat and center of
French authority, civil and ecclesiastical,
in all these islands.
Our physician having, reported a clean
bill of health, we were permitted to plant
our feet on terra firma. and then began
ten days of uninterrupted pleasure and
bewildering' sightseeing.
The principal street of Papeete Is La
Petite Pologne, which on one side runs to
the- ocean's very edge, the other bein?
taken up with shops and restaurants,
clubhouses, Government barracks,, etc.,
and on this particular morning with men
and women of every tongue and tribe
under heaven. ¦ '
"We were to have taken with us Some
thing like 250 native Marquesans, .but
either from mismanagement or misunder
standing they were not allowed, to come
with us; but they did the next best thing,"
for, tricked out ¦ In all the glory ! of
"Mother Hubbards" and black suits,
they sang and danced for us oh the beach.
And then, laden with -tropic fruits of*
every variety, we made our way back to
the steamer, all of us delighted with our
first experience in a tropic land — not quite
sure,, however, "but that we •. had been
tricked, and had been attending a .per
formance of "Sinbad the Sailor," with
Norman and his little cannibals singing
"The Bogle Man." .
Soon we were under way for Tahiti— two
and a half days' steaming. Our second
Sunday out found us sailing close to the
"dangerous Archipelago" or. Paumotu
group of islands. They are a low-lying
series of coral i reefs, with beaches ••- of j
glittering white sand, covered with dense
tropic vegetation. Stoddard, describing
them, says: "They are the very hotbed of
cocoanut oll, : pearls, half-famished-Kan
akas, shells and shipwrecks." • : .:•<.'..
. These islands passed, our way lay direct
to Tahiti. Arid on the morning of July 9
we were safe and sound at our Journey's
.end. Amid a glorious sunrise, such, as is
only seen in these Southern n seas, ¦ en
chanting and bewitching Tahiti rises j to
our view, bathed in sunshine; its three
peaked center; cloud-capped and myste
rious— with .its ¦¦ encircling reef of coral,
and the waves dashing 1 into spray over the
wmte ¦ edges. Back of us, nine miles dis
tant, the mists of the morning still cling
ing to its myriad peaks, stood out in bold
ralidLtht igyjlYjslajul ef SIoowc -Rioted.
nuns' residence and girls' school nestle
together and form a group of building!
situated on a rising slope amid a dense
tropic grove.' - To be sure, for one who be
lieves in Jesus Christ and his divine mis
sion as the Savior of man, and In the ne
cessity of Christian baptism aa a'neces
sary condition of the soul's salvation,
there can be no question that the lives of
men like Bishop Martin and his brethren
certainly have not been in vain. This is
the purely spiritual point of view. Unfor
tunately there is another— the purely ma
terial view— as it affects the earthly lives
and fortunes and destinies of these gentle
South Sea Islanders, and from this merely
material point of view there comes a ter
rible Indictment of "modern Christian
civilization." It is one of the saddest,
saddest stories ever told. Thirty years ago
there were upward of forty thousand;
souls in the Marquesas group of islands.
Now diseases, new to these lands, and in
troduced vice in varied forms and death
have done their work, and there. remains
but a shadow of a race— only four thou
sand. Truly, a- terrible record! And* only
God himself, when he shall judge the race
of | Adam, can mete out- justice, to those
who are and have been responsible for the
outrage...;,' -^ ¦..-¦.- k v - ' \-. fH'% •¦"¦¦
: The aged arid last Queen v of- the •Mar
quesas had just been buried shortly before
.our arrival, .but we were - graciously re
ceived in royal abode by •»ome»of {her
weeping handmaidens with gentle dignity
and. guileless hospitality. Each -one <was
given some souvenir of her Majesty,- who
in life, so the Bishop informed us, .was a.
sincerely practical Catholic. -
Up to a short time ago, when it was
prohibited, the natives of both sexes made
¦ a practice of tattooing, and so many of
them are' still adorned in that way — the
imen generally across their faces, the wo
men on their hands. And it seems that
they do this to" beautify themselves, and
: render themselves attractive to the oppo
site sex. ( To civilized eyes, of course, it
'makes them' merely hideous — but perhaps
not more' so than do the methods of some
of our own "beauty doctors"— for surely
the standards of beauty are varied and
wondrous queer. :. . . '...."¦.'_.":
HOW THE
TAHITIANS CELEBRATEwas awaiting his new found friend at the
steamer wharf and became his faithful
shadow during the remainder of the day.
and only losing sight of him when his
Fetii, to whom had been given the native
name of Anapa, had sought "the seclu
sion that his cabin grants." The young
savage begged to be taken to, America,
willing to leave home and friends and be
come the slave of the Californian. He
was greatly distressed on not being taken
with us. and the last seen of him he was
swimming around the hull of the Aus
tralia calling and ¦waving farewells to his
departing Fetii — affection and regret
stamped on every feature.
Our next stopping place was Tautirai,
the extreme point of the island, and the
proud possessor of the temporary abode
of Stevenson during one of the novelist's
visits to Tahiti. Through dense growths
of sweetly scented flowers and foliage
plants, with oranges and bananas and
breadfruit and guavas and mangoes and
ferns of bewildering varieties and shapes
•and sizes lining the way and frequently
meeting overhead, on we go. Sometimes
we skirt the sea, anon our road turns in
land, affording glimpses of Edenic beauty
that fill the heart with delight and strike
one dumb for want of words to speak its
loveliness. Angels' tongues might sing
the unearthly glory of it all, mere men
can only gaze and marvel and then re
member for all time to come. Every few
hundred yards the road is crossed, by
streams of limpid, living -water, some
times swelling into turbulent rivers, and
then with a dash and a splash, midst the
shouts of our native, drivers and out
riders, and comedy of comedies — midst
real English curse words, of whose mean
ing they are completely ignorant, we
reach the other shore, sore in body, but
soothed in mind to be over without a
drenching.
Our last night out was spent in the
beautiful and characteristic dwelling of
Mr. Tati Salmon, a half-caste gentleman,
educated in the best schools of England
and France, and with the polish and hos
pitality of a prince. In his veins flows
the best blood in the island, and he is
connected with the roya^ family of Ta
hiti. Standing at his own door, under the
spreading shade of a magnificent bou
galnvillea vine, his three stalwart sons
by his side, Mr. Salmon received us with
open arms, like lost friends,- and his home
was ours. We shall remember with grat
itude and love the delightful evening
spent In Papora, the home of Mr. Salmon.
Saturday afternoon found us tired, but
speechless with admiration for every
moment of our excursion into fairyland's
groves and mountains— ready for the cel
ebration of Julv 14.
The fete proper was begun on Saturday
afternoon and continued until Tuesday
night. The natives from the various dis
tricts had been brought to Papeete free,
of charge on board a French gunboat.
However, as it was the season when the
vanilla flowers must be fertilized or go to
ruin some preferred to remain away. The
European population took no active part
in the programme beyond that of patrons,
acting as judges of the .various events
and distributing prizes. The tQwn was gay
with flags and bunting, and at night all
of the public buildings and many of the
private residences were brilliantly and
beautifully illuminated. The games and
bicycle races of Saturday took place on
the street La Petite Pologne, and were
very similar to events seen at home. The
wonder was, not that they were well done,
but that they should be done at all. The
idea of South Sea savages doing stunts
on a bicycle is just a bit fantastic.
The remainder of the exercises consisted
of native "hymnies," viz.. choruses of
male and female voices and native dances.
These were done by natives of the
various districts contesting one against
another for the prize. All took
place in a magnificently shaded grove
fronting the government buildings. The
natives of the various districts
were garbed in strange and savage,
ofttimes beautiful costumes, worn over
their present day attire. They marched in
and seated themselves in a semicircle on
the green sward, the women in front, the
men behind. There is no musical accom
paniment whatever, unless it be the beat
ing of rude native drums and the clap
ping of hands. They sing of the grandeur
of their mountains, of the beauty and re
pose of their valleys, of the sea in its
changing moods, of their martial prowess
and success in war and of the mad revels
of former days of utter savagery. Some
times their chant is accompanied by a
slightly swaying, graceful but character
istic movement of their sleek bodies. One
female voice leads and upon this is built
the harmony. Usually one of the men
stands before them beating time, encour
aging them by wild gesticulation and
dominating all the other voices with a
treble, shrill enough, indeed, but for all
that marvelously effective in. concerted
music. The basso voices, with their hum
hum sound, are like the 'rumbling Of a
great organ. The savage music is really
enchanting— now soft as a bird's trill, now
it surges up in triumphant harmonies of
glory and of praise; again it falls into
plaintive unison as they bewail the loss
of their national independence, 'and then
it is-soul-pieicing and inspiring as they
denounce the perlidy of tho King who bar
tered away thtir liberties. Most curious
of all was. when they sang to native words
the music of one of Sousa's marches.
"America," "The Star-Spangled Banner"
or "Ta-ra-ra boom de aye."
The native dances as sean under govern
ment auspices are really nothing more
than calisthenlc exercises, in which are
portrayed the antics and movements of
various beasts and fowls and fishes. Dur
ing .the "cow dance" the men wore hats
made to imitate the heads of bulis, and
the dance movement was intended to por
tray the belligerency of a bull lighting his
fellows for the mastery of the herd. The
same idea was carried out in the "cock
and hen dance." in this the headgear rep
resenting the heads of the male and fe
male denizens of our domestic barnyards.
The whale dance was really ingenious and
cleverly sustained. The men and women
were seated in a triple row, provided with
,paddles, which they used as if propelling
canoes while whale hunting. One of the
men. fantastically made up to represent a
whale, was rolling and floundering on the
grass. Suddenly the. boss sailor espies
him .through his make-believe glasses.
Aided by his assistants he promptly pro
ceeds to harpoon this "prince of whales."
and after much frantic effort Mr. Fish is
done to death. The leader announces that
the carcass is to be divided between the
"crew and the French officials, the entrails
and offal falling to the Chinese, all of
which denotes that the natives under
stand the arts of flattery and ridicule.
During the fete there was one block of
street given ever to booths of -various
kinds, and at night brilliantly illuminated.
This we Americans dubbed the Midway
for want of a better name. This on every
night of the holidays was crowded . with
promenading throngs, who sang and
danced and made merry as the spirit
moved them. One of the prettiest things
seen here, was the French custom of
throwing confetti at thfe promenaders.
These confetti lire circular pieces of paper
of many colors put up m neat bags of
netting and secured with pretty ribbons.
This method of -merry-making found no
small favor with the American contingent,
to whom it was entirely new. . .
Some of our party/criticizing the dances
as tame and disappointing, were informed
tra.erdlna.ry thing— men, •women and chil
dren i.-ke. They drink, so we heard, for
the sake of mere drunkenness, their fa
vorite tipple being native rum or ferment
ed orange juice; and as oranges grow
wild and sugar cane is abundant the
means of intoxication are ever at hand
and always cheap.
The second morning of our stay on shore
our party, under the care of Mr. Kennedy,
a hustling representative of American
pluck and energy and hospitality, aided
by his charming wife, a gracious and ac
complished American lady, we were
bundled into spring wagons and surreys
end began our tour clear round the island.
The trip consumed four days, and a hun
dred times as many would not exhaust its
wondrous beauty. Our first stop was made
et the lovely home of the Kennedys, about
two miles from Papeete. The house js a
two-story cottage, with spacious verandas
running around it on all sides. It is set
upon a, knoll of green, which slopes- for
sixty or seventy yards to the ocean's
shore. The lawn ie dotted with regal
palms and tropic trees. So beautiful is it
that cne of our party remarked that
heaven with its beauties would be no sur
prise to those who dwelt in this ideal
home. At the rear is an extensive sugar
plantation, amid whose waving cane we
could hear the whirring of the cotton mill
and the buzzing of the sugar factory, for
both cotton and sugar are raised on this
property.
The French Government has built a
road almos; encircling the island, the dis
tance around being something like eighty
miles. The island consists of two almost
dietinct mountains connected by a narrow
neck of land called the peninsula. It rises
by gradual terraces from the sea to the
triple peaks that crown the center. All
the way around there is a comparatively
narrow plain almost level, through whicn
close to the sea the road winds. Along this
road are situated the different native vil
lages or districts. Practically the whole
population resides In one or the other of
these districts. Each of them is presided
over by a native chief, elected by the peo
ple, and representing the French local au
thorities.
Each village has Its own meeting house
cr hall and church. A curious thing is
that one village may be entirely Catholic
and the next just as thoroughly Protes
tant. "We had taken along with us sup
plies for four days, but they proved al
most unnecessary. Everywhere we were
received with open' arms by these gentle
"savages." They gladly gave up their
homes to us. who were surprised to find
them spotlessly clean, and every night
found us occupying beds superior to many
tound in European hotels.
In every place we stopped for the night
we found native banquets awaiting us at
which we were garlanded with sweet
emelling wreaths and entertained with
"hymnies" and dances. After dinner, on
our first night cut, at Haiteaa, we w-an
dered into the village hall and found a
6emi-religious meeting going on. The na
tives were seated on the floor, the women
In front, the men back of them. A na
tive preacher, standing back of all, was
addressing them in a quiet, earnest mon
otone. It was very droll to see the con
gregation rolling cigarettes of native to
bacco and smoking them, and. as is their
custom, after two or three puffs, passing
them on for others. So you see they take
their religion, as they do all things else
in these lazy latitudes, in a free and easy
manner. Here, also, we were reminded
quaintly of Stoddard»'s "chumming with a
eavage." For here a young native boy
took a sudden fancy to one of the gen
tlemen of the party. He was named
Maihaa. and proceeded to adoot the
American as his "Fetii." or relation; ex
changed names with him and followed
him around the island to Papeete, and
every morning during the "feast" Maihaa
that the French officials had ordered the
dancing to be toned down, lest they be
held responsible for any breach of the
proprieties on the part of the natives. So
far," so good.
But for those who had eyes to see and
ears to hear there was no need to travel
far to witness the native dance in all its
indecency and hideous suggestion. Not
fifty feet away from the "Midway" and
under the very noses of the police, wher
ever an accordion was droning out music,
there was gathered a group of persons
and in the center a diunken man ana
woman were sweating at every pore and
dancing as if tneir very lives depended on
it, shrieking in drunken frenzy, tearing at
their already scanty raiment as if threat
ening to add the last touch of supreme
indecency by going stark naked. All this
to frantic appiause. by onlookers of every
age and both sexes, most of whom, like
the dancers, seemed to be under the sway
of the juice of the sujsrar cane. v
Tuesday afternoon came the races, and
the funniest thing of all. at least for
Caiifornians, who are so used to the best
of this "sport of kings." However, .the
resident portion of Tahiti seemed to take
it seriously, actually dressing for the oc
casion, there being one lone pony cart
decked us for a San Jose floral fete and
occupied by two elaborately dressed Euro
pean ladies. The Governor also lent dis
tinction by his presence, accompanied by
his suite. :.: - . : :...•¦
The niust distinctive : feature of. this
great "meet" io'r us Caiifornians was that
we were kept the unholy length of fifty
minutes #a waiting his Excellency's 4good
pleasure, mid, ?.hen he did arrive, with a,
motley band of outriders and attendants,
amid the booming of the brass band, it
looked for all the world like the grand
entry first act of one of our American cir
cus rings.
S'i'ueEoay night saw the end in a blase of
glory; lor there was a gorgeous Venetian
illumination of the' canoes and all the
shipping in the harbor.
¦•. Wednesday we witnessed the famous
feat of tho fire-walkers. The chief. Papa
iti, a tir.e looking old man from the island
of Raiatea. claims preternatural powers,
derived Irom the spirit of a woman who
lived here many hundred years ago, and
who at her death was turned into a
"devil.". .
' 'ihe exhibition' was- given within a cau
vas-inelosed space. Admission to this cost
whatever the doorkeeper could get out of
you. In the center was a large pit. say
10 feet long, into which had been thrown
large -stones upon a blazing fire. When
they were sufficiently heated "Papa Iti,
with much ceremony amljncantatlon ana
beating, of the air with native shrubs a.id
fantastically rigged up, . proceeded leis
urely across the heated stones, followed
by a. procession of his disciples, all bare
footed. He would allow no strangers to
do likewise, although he had guaranteed
immunity from burns. He did. however,
allow them to cross over in their boots, of
which ¦ permission many availed them
selves. -Any native could do the trick, for
their feet are so calloused by the vol
canic rocks and coral roads over which
they are constantly threading as to have
skin as thick as any shoe leather ever
made.. All who saw agreed that there was
nothing preternatural about it; that, is
was a cleverly -worked up and ingenious
show—nothing more.
¦ The last night ' on shore- all our' party
were entertained at a ' magnificent recep
tion and dinner, tendered us at the unique
home of our American friends, Mr. and
Mrs, Kennedy, who had spent every. day
and l:our .since our. arrival in casing for
our comfort and amusement.
Thursday morning ¦ we bade good-by to
Tahiti . and, started on our return to
"home, sweet home,'' and the trip was as
pleasant and the sea. if anything, smooth
er than on our sail down. . . -
THE FALL OF THE
BASTILE"I witness your extraordinary fortitude
with new wonder at every new misfor
tune/ Often, after reflecting on this sub
ject, you appear to me sq superior, so ele-
In his dedication of "Blennerhassett."
Charles Felton- Pidgin's Aaron Burr ro
mance, which 'will be out In September,
the author, uniquely Inscribes the volume
to, the memory of Theodosia, Burr- Alston,
the daughter of Aaron Burr, and at the
same ] time; expresses ;hls sentiments ¦ re
garding'the. man by quoting these lines
from a letter written by TheOdosia to her
father:
Now and again the picture was relieved by
some primal being who added a flash ot radl-
."At times, as in the 'Song of the Falcon,"
the note became piercing In its lyric beauty:
or proud In its defiance,' as in th3 "Song of
the Petre!." More often, though, he showed
the Interior of eome foul kabak. where bitter
words were *i>oken and fierce blows struck,
where women were beaten for mere relaxa
tion, and vodka at length brought sullen ob
livion.
Sketches and tales folk-wed in rapid »ucces
eession, most of them appearing In the Zhizn.
though sometimes the Rueskoye Bogatftvo^con
descended to admit him. They were masterly,'
vibrant transcription* of the life ' h» had
known: many were autobiographical, and 'all
were Illumined by nity and darkened by pes
simism, "the dumb pessimism of the submerged,
of those who suffer and' can see no end to
suffering.
A pervlstent thirst ."for- knowledge led him
always to keep a .book or two In the belt -of
his blouse during those lean, errant years.- The
Publication in a provincial paper of his ; first
story was but a gesture which brought some
hint of the relief tie lopged ,for. Then, came
his f rlendihip ' with Korolenko v and 1 the- as
tounding success of "Chelkash." - _ _¦ -
At one bound the vagrant became an author.
He had entered upon the path of glory, had
left behind the fields of pain.
siak, or barefooted, because 'he was himself
of their number, .because like\ them he had
been forced from th« social groove by poverty,
by the moral. and" economic disorganization, bf
Russia. . " ¦ • ¦ ' ' . '
The Irish- literary element Is strongly
represented in J. B. Llppincott Company's
new list of fiction. Mr. Georjire Moore,
whose "Sister Teresa" has just been pub
lished, and . who recently proclaimed his
Irish convictions by fleeing from London
to the green shores: Mrs. E.' L. Voynich.
who . has : Irish blood in her. and whose
novel. "Jack Raymond." has set the lit
erary world by the. ears: Cyrus Townsend
Brady, the appearance of whose Revolu
tionary novel; "When Blades Are Out and
Love's Afield," was followed. by his tern
porary, retirement from the" pulpit, in or
der to. obtain more time for his writing;
and now Mr. Fames O. G. Duffy, whose
novel." "Glass and Gold," will be published
this autumn. These are but four of tho
conspicuous- names on the list of the
Philadelphia house. which represent Ire
land;, by inheritance at least.
Gorky was not. as many puppoee, the first
to treat of Russian i- -p life: he is merely
1W chief nalnter nnd apolosfst.. He began by
v.'iitict of the gypsy, the metshebanin, the bo-
This ofowmre nainter of ikonn. peddler ¦ of
kvapj>. eeu'lery boy. gardener, watchman and
baker's apprentice. Is the pet of St. Peters
burg and the particular Idol of the Marxists.
This tattered proletarian, who slept often Jn
roadside dilcfceo. who worked and begied his
vay over th; parched or snow-swept ' face ¦ of
Rusfia. is read throughout Germany, and ' is
even known on the boulevards, where they Flp
bocks Incrmseqnently and fancy themselves the
focus of the universe.
With little eave an" Instinct for expretslon,
a desire that hi* cry might be heard, a hope
that when he knocked some door might swing
©pen. Maxime Gorky, vagabond and outcast,
.bid* fair to capture the attention of man
kind. He asked but a cru6t, yet asked with
puch Blncerlty, cuch infinite self-pity, that he
ha* been elven not alone bread but wine. By
telling, crudely find Implacably, the story of
his wanderjnrs he * hss strayed Into paths of
£lory. " ,
HEKE is more about Maxlme Gorky,
Russian, the latest comet in the
literary heavens, whose sudden
advent and brilliant flight are th«
sensation of Russia and France, and
wn$>se fiction is to be introduced to Amar
lcan readers this coming autumn by
Charles Scrlbner's Sons. The following:
is from an article Jn the current number
of the Critic by Christian Brinton:
ance or lent a moment of . sava*e fervor, but
she usually | left the sufferer more troubled,
more disheartened than ever— witness ' "Mai
va," or "Twenty-six and On«"— left^hlm often
for some .one more forlorn, more abandoned
than himself. •
Those' early tales, chanted the Odywey of
the outcast. -the petty wage-earner, the Itiner
ant cobbler or tinsmith, the navvy or the fl*h
erraan on the bleak ' headland. All the " rest
lessness 1 of soul, the! scorn of convention,' tha
blind craving for something different, some
thing' ' better, perhaps, . which , characterize
these creatureB., Gorky mirrored with insistent
powe"r and precision. . His heroes were 'always
victims, and the victims were, as in Russian
.f"tiori,.' usually heroes. ';•'.!,.
.' Tet there was something defiant, almost ma
• Jestic about • them.*; Instead ' of > being -repudi
ated, It' was they who ' repudlated-^of ten, .with
pathetic bravado. ¦ Told in grim, ' ruthless J ac
cents, their story caused a shudder.'of "pity and
of terror to shoot from the ' Black Sea to Arch
angel. ' It was a ; triumph not ' of ; bald ' realism;
but of neo-romantlclsm : ; stronger, . more color
ful and more human ¦; than . any yet known to
literature^.- ;? ''-• ;,. ~. ~ '..; f " ; ."-.,'y : ;- '.,'.'¦.
Those passionate words spoken > at the grave
of Nekrassov' had proven ", true;'".: the-- next
prophet' had come from; the : people, and " had
spoken of the people, and to > the ' people."/ . ' -•¦
i The fact- that '. he >¦ had "become the '-center of
enthusiasm seems /to have '" proven S too ''- much
for Goiky. Dostoyevsky,\ shattered and-.tri
umphant, understood ¦ when ; they bore 'him
above thelr«heads. Not so Is this boy of i two
and thirty. He seems dazed, like a bewilder
ed child, not knowing where to turn.
CHRISTIAN BRITON RELATES FURTHER DETAILS
OF THE CAREER OF GORKY, THE
FAMOUS RUSSIAN WRITER.
MASTERS OF MUSIC— By Alice Chap
man. Dodd. Mead & Co.. New York. $1 50.
GEOFFREY STRONG— By Laura E.
Richards. Dana, Estes & Co.. Bostdh. 73
cents.
THE DEAD CALYPSO AND OTHER
VERSES— By Louis Alexander Robertson.
A. M. Robertson, San Francisco. $1 50.
CAMP VENTURE— By George Cary
Eggleston. Lothrop Publishing Company.
Boston. . $1 30.
J. DEVLIN— BOSS— By Francis Church-
Ill Williams. Lothrop Publishing Com
pany. Boston. $1 50.
AN AERIAL RUNAWAY— By WllHam
P. and Charles P. Chlpman. Lothrop
Publishing Company, Boston. $1 50.
THE SOUTH AMERICAN REPUBLICS
—By Markwick and Smith. Silver. Bur
dett & Co.. New York. 60 cents.
Books Received.
God's Puppets.
Launched, on the high tide of the his
torical, novel and steered by a first class
publisher, such a book as this must float.
George Kennan's 1 unceremonious expul
sion from the Russian Empire has direct
ed public attention to his book, "Siberia
and the Exile System," which startled the
world ten years ago by Its revelation of
the way political offenders were treated
by the Czar. As a serial in The Century
the same material had caused a veritable
sensation. Copies of the magazine circu
lated In the Czar's dominions reached
their destination with whole pages blocked
out by the Censor. The book has not lost
its interest in the past decade and even
before. Mr. Kennan's summary ejectment
from St. Petersburg it had been selling
better than for several years past. It i3
understood that certain reforms have been
effected in the Siberian penal system,' ihe
necessity of which was pointed out in this
work. , .
This little party not only have all the
dangers of a mountain life to brave, such
rs snowstorms, floods and wild beasts, but
they have the more formidable difficulty
of marauding moonshiners with-, whom
This time his boys are in the mountains,
'xray up- in the "high mountains" of Vir
ginia, and hard at work -to fill a railroad
contract for supplying a large number of
logs for ties. A young doctor joins their
party for his health and proves himself
the right sort of a fellow in more ways
than one.
The boys who enjoyed George Cary Eg
gleston's book of last year^'The Last of
the Flatboats," wherein is related the ad
ventures of five boys who sailed a flatboat
for pleasure and profit on the Mississippi,
will be glad' to learn that he has a new
one for them to read this season. Mr. Eg
gleston is a good story-teller and "Camp
Venture" will not prove a disappointment.
Camp Venture.
The American edition of Cllve Holland's
"Mousme," a sequel to "My Japanese
_Wlfe" by this author, has been the sub
ject of comment upon the very remark
able beauty of the Japanese girl shown
In the frontispiece of the book. This
frontispiece is printed in colors as an ac
curate reproduction ; of a photograph
.taken from life, and it is, therefore, not
an ideal picture, as many have supposed
because of the almost western perfection
of beauty shown in the face. A slight
part of the charm of the original photo
graph was lost In the reproduction, but
nevertheless this colored frontispiece
shows one who may. perhaps, be regarded
as the most beautiful Japanese who has
ever stood before the camera.
Messrs. A. C. McCIurg & Co. make *h*»
interesting announcement that their pub
lishing department will hereafter be un
der the full management of F. G. Browne,
for the past twelve years business, man
ager of The Dial. Mr. Browne comes to
his task well fitted by temperament,
training and business experience to under
take the responsibilities _6f his position.
The department was . f ro"in its beginning
and up to the date of his death in April
last under the Immediate personal charge
of General McCIurg. and the high stand
ards which he set will be zealously guard
ed and maintained.
The other volume, from the Idiomatic
yet easy French In which Its little slory
Is written, together with its charming
portrayal of. the home and school Ufa of
a typical French girl, is especially suita
ble for class reading. The notes give all
needed assistance to the pupil, and th.?
very ! copious 7 materials for French com
position furnish a thorough drill in the
principles of syntax and construction. The
story is well suited for exercises in con
versation, in which the words learned
from the reading of the text can be help
fully used. The vocabulary is complete.
(Price, 45 cents each). . \ . ¦ ¦
The first of these new additions to the
American Book Company's series of Mod
ern French Readings contains, in addi
tion to the title story by Alphonse Daudet.
the same author's "Les Vieux." Coppee's
"La Medallle" and "Mon Ami Meurtrler,"
De Maupassant's "Le Loup" and "L'Ap
parltlon," and Merimee's "Vision da
Charles XI," , "I'Enlevement de
la Redoute." They are all simple
In style and construction, and In
teresting and attractive in subject
matter. Brief . biographical accounts of
the authors precede the text, and the
notes, explain all historical and other al
lusions! Exercises are given in French
composition based on each story, and a
full vocabulary is also included..
The American Book Company, New
Tork. has recently published iwo new
additions to Its series .of Modern French
Readings.. One of these is '.'L'Enfant Es
plon and Other Stories,", edited by.Regi
nald R. Goodell, M. A., instructor in mod
ern languages. University of Maine; and
the other is "La Neuvaine de' Colette,"
by Jeanne Schultz, edited by Florence I.
C. Lye. St. Mary's Hall. Faribault. Minn.
Two French Books.
There are some delicious secret passages
in the old Vail house connected with an
ingenious murder plot. From the time
this plot gets well under way until the
epilogue the story grips you, but the first
chapter%,-' which deal with a tame: love
affair, lack interest. Moreover, Harry
Vail, the hero, is not half the man that
is Geoffrey Langham, his friend, and. our
sympathy Is constantly thrown in,, the
wrong channel.
The Luck, together with the supersti
tion, is ' fallen heir to by young Harry
Vail, the hero of the novel. He suffers a
number of accidents, all attributable to
fire, frost or rain,' and thus the supersti
tion becomes . firmly rooted .in his mind.
Benson cleverly winds up by pointing out
that not the danger is hereditary, but the
fear of It, and thus the luck Is, indeed, an
e\'il influence for the possessor.
"The Luck" Is an heirloom in the form
of a wonderful, gem-set cup, which has
belonged for generations to the family of
Vail and-* about which clings a supersti
tion founded upon the lines engraved
around it:
• "When the Luck of the Vails Is lost.
Fear not. fire nor rain nor frost:
TVhen the Luck is found again.
Fear both fire and frost and rain."
The trouble Is that the thrills begin so
late in the book. -In fact, the first chap
ters are bo unattractive, that it is to be
feared that only the paid revlewerwill
ever read far enough to reach ,the Intense
part of the narrative. In the first part of
the story the author fails of suspense,
which is the primary secret of success in
a tale that depends for, its interest upon
event. ' ' . <
E. *T\ Benson,' 'the (young ;Engl!shman
who called attention?to himself by writ
ing the smart portraiture of "Dodo," has
struck out In a new direction. In "The
Luck of the Vails", he has revived old
time romance, rutting it forth in modem
coloring, and the result is several . thrills.
The Luck of the Vails.
Harold MacGrath's handsome fa«*i» and
Harold-MacGrath's-clever pen furnish, the
portrait and autobiography .for August
Book News. There is a dramatic story
by A. E. W. Mason, called "The Coward,"
and a fine description of a horse race
against time, taken from John Trqtwood
Moore's "Summer Hymnal." St. Julien
Grlmke reviews a couple of important
novels, and Marie Louise contributes a
characteristic poem and writes as cleverly
about many books.
Bird-Lore for August continues the
helpful series of papers on "Birds and
Seasons." In which the student Is told
just what birds he may expect to find,
what he should study and what he should
read during the month.
Literary Notes.
Sorlbner's Magazine for August Is the
annual fiction number, and it contains
seven complete short stories, the beginning
of a new serial, and special illustrated
articles and poems. The color-printing
is shown at its best in the exquisite work
of Maxfleld Parrish. who has found a very
congenial subject in Quiller-Couch's story
of the Cornish coast, which has to do
with a classical legend. These drawings
are . the most remarkable In color which
have been yet attempted. There i3 also a
beautiful cover design by Albert Herter.
which it has taken ten printings' to repro
duce. The leading fiction Is a novelette by
Richard Harding Davis, entitled "A
Derelict," which depicts the character of
a brilliant but erratic newspaper corre
spondent, who writes the best story of the
destruction of the Spanish fleet at San
tiago. It is a thrilling narrative, and the
illustrations by Walter Appleton Clark
are the most effective yet achieved by
this artist. Another sea story by James
B. Connolly, the new writer, is filled with
that vigor of description and rapidity of
movement which distinguish all his
work. This one describes a race between
a Gloucester fishing schooner and an
Englishman's yacht from Iceland to
Gloucester. It is fully Illustrated by
'Burns, who is familiar with every detail
of the fishing fleet. A Mississippi River
story, entitled "The Memphis Packet," by
Willis Gibson, reveals a charming char
acter and an original situation; Illustrated
by F. C. Yohn. What women's clubs
meant to one woman Is- told by Octave
Thanet in "The Object of the Federation,"
a story full of humor and sentiment, illus
trated with drawings by Christy. Mrs.
Isobel Strong tells the true story of "A
Little Savage Gentleman." who was for a
time a member of Stevenson's household.
J. A. Mitchell, the author of "Amos
Judd." begins a short serial to run through
the fall months, entitled "The Pines of
Lory." This Is in the author's romantic
and whimsical vein, and Is a sort of up
to-date "Paul and Virginia." the scene
being a promontory In the St. Lawrence)
River. "Zack," the popular young Eng
lish writer, contributes a humorous story
of Devonshire, entitled "Benjamin Par
rot's Fancy." Jesse Lynch Williams. who>
has written for Scrlbner"s a number of
articles about aspects of New York City,
describes "Rural New Tork City." show-
Ing how one may go shooting and fishing,
see Chinese farmers at work, visit a
typical country store and get lost In the
woods, all within the city limits. The
illustrations for these unusual places are
by such artists as Child. Glackens. Shinn.
and McCarter. An elaborate Breton poem
by Florence Wilkinson is illustrated by
Henry McCarter.
This is. said to be an excellent likeness'of Mrs. Beginald De Ko
ven, wife of the composer, and. one of the well-known society women
of Washington. Her book, "By tiie Waters of Babylon," has just been
published by Herbert S. Stone & Co. and is said to be creating consid
erable discussion. The description s deal with the wild, licentious life
in ancient Babylon at that time, when Artaxerxes ruled with free hand,
and the story tells of the immoral lcve.of -the beautiful Amytis, the
King's passionate'sister. ' ¦-"-?£ ¦ ¦* ¦¦' ~ % ;.
-¦ ' ¦• -¦*" '->-¦•; •.'•?'» .•.'<*."' : i,~: ./,»,.¦». ,....;;,.,.. -: .::_:...¦-¦¦.¦<¦.'
MRS. REGINALD DE KOVEN.
The American Book Company of New
Tork has Just placed on the market some
thing In the way of an arithmetic. Tt Is
called "Winslow's Natural Arithmetic." by
Isaac O. "YVinslow. M.. A., principal of the
Thayer-street Grammar School. Provi
dence, R. I., and is In three voIuit^s. The
purposes of this series, as set forth by the
author, are: 1— To present the subjects in
a spiral order, treating together the easier
principles of the various topics and re
serving the more difficult until the child
has gained the power to comprehend them
easily. 2 — To make the work easy, the
pupil being kept busy with a varied appli
cation of the principles already mastered.
Instead of being too rapMly crowded for
ward into greater difficulties. 3— To give
the subject variety and interest by basing
the problems upon facts and principles
gathered from the different studies, and
thus correlating arithmetic with the other
branches, while adding distinctly to its
vividness and attractiveness. 4— To de
velop genuine mathematical thought by
promoting originality in + he pupil's work
and by developing fully each new princi
ple before it Is put into practice. 5— ; To
give prominence to the idea of magnitude,
recognizing the psychological fact that all
mathematical knowledge is a system of
relations, or ratios. (Price, Book I 30
cents. Book II 40 cents. Book III 50 cent3.)
Winslow's Natural Arithmetic.
Of varied interest and moment ara
papers by Gerald Stanley Lee on "Lit
erary Drill in College." by Mrs. Louis-,
Betts Edwards on "The Literary Cult 6\
the Child," and by Mrs. Mary J- Serrano
en the- late Roman de Campoamer. the
most famous of modei>r Spanish poets.
The illustrated articles, which com
monly form such a feature of the Critic,
are not in this issue In any way lacking.
The most engaging of these are Cllve
Holland's "A Pilgrimage to Wessex" and
a .series of portraits by the Marchioness of
Granby with introductory note by Chris
tian Brinton. Mr. Holland knows the
Thomas Hardy country from end to end.
and his article, which describes the scenes
of "Tess of the IVUrbervilles." "Far from
the Madding Crowd," "Two on a Tower,"
"The Mayor of Casterbrldge" and other
novels, is not only illustrated by many
photographs, 1 but bears the further in
dorsement of Mr. Hardy's personal ap
proval. .
An article entitled "The Aim of Balzac's
Comedie Humaine" by Mra. Ella Stryker .
Mapes. together with the many portraits
and drawings which enliven "The Loung
er," complete the pictorial features of the
current Issue. '•:'•.••
"U'lthout aiming at variety for the mers
sake of variety the August Critic never
theless covers a wide and diverse field.
Perhaps the most serious and scholarly
and at the same time absorbing contri
bution Is Joseph McCabe's paper on "Th*
Most Famous Love Letters In the "World
—the Letters of Abelard and Heloise."
The author, who 13 himself an apostate
from the Roman Catholic Church, bring*
to bear upon his, subject a learning and
an insight which are indeed unusual. He
is, as well, a first-hand authority on all
that concerns the abbot lover, all of
which Is reflected In the present papar.
Another article of serious nature la
George "L. Beer's tribute to the memory
of the late Professor Fiske. Mr. Beer
finds many admirable and appreciative
things to say of Professor Flske. but does
not in his admiration for the student and
popularizer fail- to record the fact that
Professor Flske" was not. strictly speak
ing, an original or creative force.
limited space prevents more liberal quo
tation from "The Children of the Na
tions." He has made a close study of his
subject and his words are entitled to carry
weight. . One point of Latin failure as con
trasted with Anglo-Saxon success Is prob
ably as JMr. Bigelow says: "Spain has
solved much of her negro question by in
termarriage with Africans. The French-
fore:
The Portuguese, too. seem to have been
unfortunate in their ideas of colonial gov
ernment. In this connection the author
gives.some interesting examples of affairs
at Delagoa Bay. He says that this port
is naturally situated to the best advan
tage, but through the lack of sanitary
measures it is little better than a pest
hole; and further, that the customs regu
lations are such as to frighten away all
commercial enterprise. On the other hand,
the port of Durban, which was once look
ed upon very unfavorably, is now actually
regarded as a health resort— this under
British rule.
There is much hard sense in all that
Mr. Bigelow has to say, and I regret that
man colony of Kiaochau are not without
their lesson. He found on his first visit
about 1500 soldiers or officials as against
five merchants and the Governor In a
frame of mind that could not Understand
why these merchants would persist in
bothering him with questions about the
place.
TVhen in 1620 the rilsrim Ksthers r»ache-1
Massachusetts in a fhip not blKger than a
Gloucester fishing schooner of to-d<<y they fell
on their knee*, thanked God for their safety,
and then «et to work bnildin*— first homes,
then churches, then schools.
Tfhen I happened to be in Klaochau not
even the soldiers had barracks fit to keep. out
the rain: two buildings of mud fit for cow
Ftibl«-s represented the hot<tl accommodation.
There mas no wharf for landing: general stores,
no storehouses for tne Custom-house. There
was no. water fit to drink nn4 no means of
procuring any. Labor was almost impossible
to rrocure. even for the Government, and 1
found the head of a grreat German manufac
turing house painting the shutters of his hut
because he could find no one to do the Job
for him.
Yet In such an hour official Germany was
employing a long train of coolies for the pur
pose of erecting— what do you suppose? A dls
tllllni; plant? A recreation ground for the men?
A church?
Ncne. of these!
These precious coolie s were employed In
erecting a monument to Admiral Diedrichs.
who had seized the place twelve months be-
climate: Spain has looked upon her out
side possessions simply in the light of
slaves to the mother country. \
In his first chapters Mr. Bigelow draws
a strong and vivid picture of these Span
ish Iniquities. The slaying of the mild
mannered natives through the pretext of
false religious belief that they might be
despoiled of their possessions, the enslave
ment of the miserable savages who were
not killed— all this was done without the
raising of a single voice,' with the excep
tion of the Jesuits, who were learned in
government and foresaw the ultimate ruin
that must necessarily follow the exter
mination of a race where no more could
be sent to fill their places. For Spain was
not a country of vast population nor great
manufactures seeking an outlet.
It is curious, but with all Spain's ha
tred for the Anglo-Saxon her only com
mercial prosperity has been through
these enemies with whom she has been
almost continuously at war. At no, time
In her history has she been able to hold
her island possessions free from depreda
tion, while England on the other hand has
ever been attracted by colonies surround
ed by the sea.
The Germans as colonists seem to have
had their best success under the flag of
some other country. Their own flag, ac
cording to Bigelow, has brought too much
officialism and red tape for the best ad
vantage.
A German official who had been . stationed in
Africa once described to me the panic. created
amons his colleagues when regulations and
forms were received from Berlin calling for de^.
tailed information regarding the native capac
ity for taxation. Column arter column was to
be filled in with certificates of birth, charac
ter of occupation, nature of dwelling and the
many sources of income known to a Prussian
policeman. The panic In tlje Government Bu
/roau was as nothlne. to the blank amazement
\of a native Kaffir, whose worldly inventory
comprises a war club and a hut of reeds.
The Germans themselves realize all this,
judging from a conversation that Mr.
Bigelow had with one of them:
A wealthy German planter who had lar*e
plantations in Sumatra got oft at Slnpapor».
I took him one day frreatly to task for not
assisting in the development of German East
Africa instead of brinplng his capital and in
telligence to the advancement of a rival col
ony. Said my German friend:
"I did try to settle in German East Africa
but I was not made welcome. I was chokea
by red tape. I was not reearded as an In
telllBent member of the community, but as one
to be ordered about by officials— as though I
were a peasant recruit.
"So! It is impossible yet to drf anything In
« German colony— there Is» too much Kovern
irent. Instead of getting the best man ar.1
paying him a high salary, they pay a dozen
men shabbily and get hut the common run of
officials, end you can't ask for anything worse
thnn that, at least In the- tropics. Why, th»
German Government does not pay the Gov
ernor of a colony as much as I pay an over
seer! My manager would not change places
with the Governor of East Africa!"
The author's observations In the Ger-
POULTN'ET BIGELOW as a writer
on colonization possesses the double
merit of being a student and a
traveler. His latest book, "The
Children of the Nations— a Study of
Colonization and Its Problems." is re
markable in two ways: first, for the care
with which its author has culled from the
authorities on the subject, and second, for
what he has seen with his own eyes and
having seen has derived therefrom a les
son.
Mr. E'.gelow writes his history of early
colonization from the fifteenth century in
plain, straightforward and purposeful
style. Considering tha possible length of
such a* treatise, he puts the matter in a
rutshell. Of colonizing at the present
time he has much to say from his own
personal observations and experience.
Nothing Is given that does not in some
- ¦ -v present an object lesson of value.
This book Is very apropos of both time
and event. As we are a nation governed
by the people It is right that the people
should further inform itself "before it tries
to extend its jurisdiction to others than
itself. In his preface Mr. Bigelow even
advocates the establishment of a colonial
schooL He says:
It Is our hope that earnest people may ulti
mately Induce Congress to establlfh a na
tional university for the study of subjects in
which » colonial official should be proficient.
V» need a. species of Colonial ¦ West Point: we
owe It - to our fellowmen. .whether they be
Fpanish or Tacalog, Chinese or Malay. Papist
cr pagan. East or W«*t Indian, that we Rive
them a jrovernment based on business princi
ples.
After reading all that Mr. BiKelow has
to say from careful research and years of
practical study in the matter, the serious
ness of colonization cannot fall to be ap
preciated by any one who follows him in
his outline of colonial development.
His study begins at the earliest time
when the Pcpe Alexander VI, dividing the
world into two parts of East and 'West,
gave one to Spain ard the other to Po.rtu
gal. This was in 14L J 3 — one year after Co
lumbus had discovered America to estab
lish a slave trade and begin the long years
of conquest and plundering that seem ever
to have followed Spanish rule. Spain's
example has given to the world some
splendid rules for what not to do.
Her con<juest of the Western world was
achieved within the lifetime of A single man.
but no sooner had her power been effectively
asserted than she . commenced to govern in a
manner which makes us marvel, not so much
at the quantities of colonies Fhe has lost, but
lit the fact tliat there remained In 1898 any
for her to lose. ¦¦• -' • '.
Flavery, love of plunder and a Fhort-
Ffchted policy of looking only at the ben
efits of to-day and not at those of to
morroTi' seem to have been the cause of
Spanish failure. Treachery and misrule
have followed close in the wake of the
Spanish flag abroad- The comparison be
tween the Knglish as colonizers on the one
hand and the Spanish on the other affords
a pplendld lesson. It Is one that we^as
Anglo-Saxons can appreciate. Looking* at
results alone here is an example:
Clive entered India as a seourjte; he left It
amid the tears of jrrateful natives.
The Spaniard entered Mexico as a guest; he
remained es a ecouree, and he left it after
three centuries of misrule amid the curses of
an outraged people.
Spain has worked her colony schemes
on the principle of killing at once the
goose that laid the golden eggs, lest some
one else might get a few. England has
simply fed the goose and kept a close eye
out for the eggs— that Is all. England has
always made a study of her colonies and
has tried to adapt the Government to the
requirements of the people, conditions and
man In Martinique and Guadelupe. has
also produced a bountiful bastard breed.
The Anglo-Saxon and the Boer" of South
Africa are the only peoples that have kept
their blood untainted— and this is one se
cret of their power over native races." .
He thinks that the ability of, the Fili
pino is, as a general rule, underestimated
In America, for he says:
"The FVIplno. of all the natives of the
Far East, has a character which endears
him to me. He has In his blopd a'sugges
tion of the chivalrous Japanese, . the dig
nity and of the unspoiled
Spaniard, the ferocity of the Malay and
the secretlveness of the Chinaman. In
America we have been pleased to carica
ture him as' a man half nepro, half
monkey. That is far from the .truth.
Filipinos are highly Intelligent creatures,
and our fault has been to suppose that
we can rule 6uch people by force alone.
Other nations have failed at -this, game,
and it is for us to profit by their, ex
ample."
Two sections of the book are deserving
of especial mention, for they deal with
subjects materially affecting our own
colonial aspirations. These are, "The
Negro as an Element in Colonial Ex
pansion" and "The Chinaman as. a Colon
ist." Volumes upon volumes could be
written upon these problems alone, but as
far as he goes Mr. Bigelow Is complete In
his analysis and apparently fair. He de
cides that the Chinaman makes the beat
colonist that the world has to offer,, for
he Is Industrious, can stand any climate
and hard work, and always lives to his
agreements. He thinks that one serious
mistake. made by Americans is a popular
tendency to consider Inferior races the
equals of the Caucasian. He asserts that
the negro in the capacity of a soldier or
n servant Is loyal." stanch and useful,
and that he needs the restraining and
governing hand of the superior mind.
From Herodotus to Uncle Remus, we find
the same helpless darkles, the delight of chil
dren, inconsequent, shiftless, loyal, melodious,
fond of color. dellghtim? In sunshine, and shy
of consecutive labor. * • • Our law shouM
recopnlze the neeroesas minors, as wards of
the r.atien. ¦ • • • Our former slp.ve States
have been compelled by military force to sub-,
scribe to a monstrous lie as the. price of politi
cal existence, and the result has been that in
more thnn one of our black Plates the law
Is nullified, and younK men are demoralized
by Fcelr.e the law daily set uside by respect
able white people. * • V The necro needs"
guidance, for he Is an Imitator: sympathy, for
he lacks the power to stand alone, and. like
most children, he needs at times parental cor
rection to remind him that, authority is lodged
In superior intelligence.
In his closing chapters Mr. Blsrelow does
not hesitate to express his. mind freely on
our own requirements at the present pe
riod. He writes:
At this moment we are repeating, in Cuba
ar"i the Philippines the same political faults
which hav« made Spanish administration a by
woni throughout the world. Pur first task
should he. therefore, to reorganize our own ad
ministration on a business basis, so that In
the courBe of time w^ may. attract to our
colonial service not the political riffraff, -the
professional failures, the ..eoeial...trampF,--Jt>ut
draw to the Government service . the flower' of
our well-educated young men. who should.'look
forward to political life i.f tMs nature 'with as
iruch confidence and enthusiasm as the young
West Pointer looks forward to a commission
at the end of his four years at the national
academy. ' • .
Tl.e Unlte'l States npeds. a colonial West
Polr.t — a school In which yauriK ttifn ehall t>f
prepared for administrative positions In " far
away countries— a school In . which promotion
phall follow upon, pond work and.no*. political
Influence- alone. With such a school and an
honest desire for the welfare of the colonies
und»r cur care w« may hope for a bright fu
ture In the "West Indies.
A book that makes excellent reading in
connection with this work is one that was
published last year by Scott, Foresman &
Co. of Chicago, ''The Expansion of the
American People— Social and Territorial,"
by Edwin Erie Sparks, Ph. D., assistant
professor of American history in the Uni
versity of Chicago. Thls"book tells of the
American people and their gradual ad
vance to the -West in building up this
great United States, just as Mr. Blgelow's
book makes a study of the scattering over
the globe of air "The Children of the Na
tions."
"The Children of the' Naflons," by
Poultney Bigelow. M. A., F. R. G. S., is
published by McClure. Phillips & Co.,
New Tork. Price $2. ,B. G. LATHROP.
"Which words." adds the author, "have
roi dered her conspicuous amone: the wo
men of America for filial devotion."
vated a"bove all other men. j I contemplate
you with such a strange mixture of hu
mility, admiration, reverence, love an-1,
pride that very little superstition xvouM
be necessary to make me worship you aJ;
a superior being, such enthusiasm
your character Incite in me. . When 1 aft
erward revert to myself, how Insignificant
do my best qualities appear. My vanity
would be greater if I had not been place'1
so near you. and yet my pride is our re- *-
latlonship. I had rather not live than not
to be the daughter of such a man "
Egerton Castle's dramatic and absorb
ing story of Paris, with a descendant of
the royal Stuarta as one of the chief Char
acters and with his wife— an American—
as the heroine. Is now runnlnsr serially in
the Cosmopolitan Magazine, and will b-»
published In book form in the autumn.
Mr. Castle writes to his publishers that
the story has be*n dramatized most sur r
cessfully in Grrat Britain, and that it*
Euccess on the stag:- there has been very
remarkable. The Kendala will probably
rresent the play In thia country later on.
The publication of "The Secret Orchard"
In book form is likely to be one, of th*
most notable events In the world of fic
tion during the autumn of 1901. The pub
l'shers are using their best efforts to make
the dress of the volume worthy of Its con
tents and are preparing a very large first
edition.
The author is. a resident of New Tork
City and an enthusiastic student of New
Tork history. Her earlier book, ."Will
Shakespeare's Little Lad." was also care
fully historical. (Published by Charles
Scflbner's Sons, New York. • Price $1 50.)
The title la taken from Browning's. line,
"God's puppets, best and worst, are we,"
and indicates the widely divergent types
in , the story. The fashionable English,
the simple and devout Dutch, are far
apart, with a great gulf fixed between
them. The skill of the novelist • has
bridged th'is gulf.
Many of its pictures are exquisitely col
ored, such as that of the Domlne's home
and his old garden with the little back
gate, where the gay young officer .paid
many a visit to the Dutch girl; Jan, the
old gardener, Is a good study, and Larry,
the excitable. Impetuous and irresolute
brother of Peggy, is true to life. The' char
acter sketches all have merit in a some
what superficial way.
The story deals with soldiers, but not
with war. Its time, is prerevolutlonary.
It finds itself," however, in the outskirts
of the "Washington atmosphere" and
ought to satisfy the popular demand for
that same climate.
This Is Peggy, a belle among the Eng
lish and nominally the heroine of the
story. She is a dashing, independent
young lady, with a deal of spirit and
agreeable wit. One of the principal event3
of the tale is her riding and winning a
race in the guise of a jockey when her
financially embarrassed brother could find
no one else whom he could trust to ride
and so win the much-needed cash. The
young lady's escapade leads to many com
plications through her own and her
friends' efforts to keep it secret and its
inevitable discovery.
"God's Puppets," by Miss Imogen Clark,
is a pleasant story, full of charming his
torical coloring. It deals with the old
Dutch "element In New York, tw» of the
principal characters. being, a Dominie of
the Dutch church and his daughter An
netje.- The portrait of the girl is clearly
drawn and appears to be the favorite of
the author. She is gentle, clinging, duti
ful, affectionate. She is sharply contrast
ed with the other girl of the story.
It ; may find. Itself, washed ashore and left
stranded when the tide goes down, but
that. day 'is not yet come.
Shells and Sea Life.
j .•¦ Josiah Keep, A. M., professor of natural
science^ Mills College, is the author of an
\ excellent- little book on "Shells and Sea
Life." His book is Intended for the use of
; young people, and here on the Pacific
Coast, where .we have the wonders of the
ocean right at our command, it cannot fa'l
to-be of direct service. It makes an ex
cellent book to take with you to the sea
shore, for; though it is written for youth,
it. is filled with facts-that are well worth
the knowing and lose nothing by their
simple^ "statement.. (Published by the
Whitaker & Ray Company, San Francis
co.' Price 50 cents.) -
Bridge Whjst.
;, The latest; manual on "bridge ' whist. 'Is
one ; by Lennard -Leigh, the ; editor ¦ of
WhiBt Opinion. .Mr. . Leigh ; has already
established a /reputation -In "this -.line, by
his contributions to \ numerous <•; journals.'
The present 'book | gives a" concise and lu
cid description of the : game,' as well as a
comprehensive - enunclation'.of ¦„ its \ prlnei
p'es. . Many - parts of \ the book are illus
trated by examples and specimen deals.
The need /for, special leads . adapted ..to
the peculiar ¦ -and ¦ varying \ conditions of
bridge is supplied In a. new system 'which
has been subjected to the test of anajysia
and experiment. v v .'¦¦'.. ,
The book presents for the first time to
the general public a ¦ code " of ' laws for
bridge whist, the need for which has hith
erto been the chief drawback to the prac
tice of the game. (Published' by -Henry
T. Coates & Co., Philadelphia. Price $1.)
there" are frequents scrimmages. _ They
also have their share of adventures with
the revenue > officers and soldiers. , .
The'book has a good, , healthy tone and
yet will- hold the. interest of any young,
reader who ; delights , in \ adventure. ;. The
boys are" all good, honest , fellows ; and \ by
their pluck .'and, effort meet with '"even
greater, success than they had" at! .flrstf
anticipated. /(Published by 'the Lothrop
Publishing Company.' Boston. '.Price $1.50.)
. Benson .could never, write 446 pages
without"' 'introducing. : ; plenty ( of well
groomed' 'conversation; .which'-; is. -often
more entertaining -' and always .more true
, to'; life than; is genuine '. wit. 7 The dialogue
ofi thiB~ book is not '(: up to the standard
which he set for himself in "Dodo,", but it
is easy," natural ' and well-bred.
; Benson displays his unusual talent of
Introducing -.few characters and keeping
thern;busy'eriough\'.to cause the reader. to
forget hotv few . they, are. Four men and
two .women. play! almost the whole of the
little drama.' * These all have distinct per
sonality. .: (Published by D. Appleton &
Co',' New York. Price $1 50.) ;V-
THE SUNDAY CALIi. ¦:
4
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
126 POST STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
•Prices are always in the
Reading Notices.
A. M. R0SERT30N.
AyLjP'- through words? to^ get into fsgj'isPi
/££pft\ the deep water of interest is
; F^^^L happily absent-in 'The j^£&
f %J&P Puppet Crown,' for the first t^^E^i
J Jjf^S P a g e plunges you headlong ' flR k
I /^*<2; into a story that is so inter- !%\l 1^
• \-g»'> |}T est i n g> so exciting, so full of jlmr m\
jr^£» *§ dramatic incident, so abso- I w fl5»\
mf^jjir lutely absorbing, that there II iV^CTw
Wswf J£l' ls never a moment in the Jfl 1 |H«
W W}\m& reading, of the book, that "> ' l\\ I f{|»
... • jifl • : ' ", The book that takes sSl}i£i§SL
jfWA v 'fxil' one's, ©.djectives
<- ,^^ THE BOWEN-M ERR! LL CO.. Pu.u.h.r."D. M. Belmas.
-William S. Barnes.
«^-r LTHOUGH I do not Indorse co-edu-
I | cation. I think our women should
[ I have the same educational oppor
*• I tunltles that our boys enjoy, not
.-I; .' only to educate the mind, but aiao
the body. It is no longer the fashion to
admire physical frailty and feminine ig
norance; It is our active minded athletic
girl that Tvlns the palm. A college educa
tion does not unfit a woman for domestic
duties, but it may make her a trifle more
critical ir. the choice of a husband. A
woman with a rich and. well stoied mind,
with a broad view of the life of the world
—a woman who can converse and If
necessary advise, in fact, a companion in
every senee of the word; Is the magic
work of .the higher education. I should
Judge the beneficial results of a college
course to be. very, great in developing the
better, appreciation of the relative value
of nutritious foocta and of systematic ex
ercise. A college education has. a ten
dency to broaden character by destroying
local prejudice and peculiarities. In a
word, any learning or y accomplishment
which enables a woman to attract conju
gal love, to become the parent of healthy,
progeny.' must be reckoned as her proper
endowment.
the perfection of the moral, intellec
tual and physical nature, it imparts
the power of self -discipline, thus en
abling one to confer the greatest
iavor and to be of the greatest possi
ble service to not only themselves,
but to all with whom they are asso
ciated. In the uplifting of self the
individual unconsciously uplifts all
with whom he or 6he is thrown in
contact. The higher education, in the
finest and best sense of the. word,
means culture of the heart as well as
of the mind, and the best result of
learning is to illustrate it by reliev
ing the indigent, teaching the ieno
*«oit, bringing joy to the sad.
*? T has been quoted that "education
may modify but never overrule in
11 herited defects. All nature, includ
ing human, nature, is governed by
immutable laws," but my experience
from thirty years' observation has
been, with both man and woman,
that the wider the knowledge and
the more liberal the education the
more is the usefulness and the happi
ness of the individual promoted. It
is but the natural consequence of'sys
tematic training of the mind that the
mind so brought into action will be
clearer in perception, more accurate
£n judgment and enjoy a more thoi
ough understanding of the majesty
/ and beauty of the law and order and
design. A development of the facial
ties through mental activity cannot
"hut promote to the success of any oc
cupation or profession in any walk of
life. To thefliigher education of wo
man the same rule will apply. If she
is to bs a wife and mother, the moie
thorough her training 1 the better will
the fce enabled to train her child; the
nore comprehensive her understand
ing, the better will she be fitted to
advise her husband, and for the gen
eral good of the nation this type of
woman is most essential. I consider
it highly important that our girls
nhould fca cflnvcrsant-with one or two
of the less obvious branches of sci
ence, and especially those studies
which will enable them to better ur.
derstand the operation of the human
mind. Physical health depends great
ly upon the exercised knowledge oC
hygiene, an elementary knowledge of
therapeutics is essentially beneficial.
rJso natural philosophy is important;
for Low many erroneous and con
tracted views are given to the most
simple causes of natural phenomena.
Education attunes the mind, it opens
the way to a better appreciation of
fc;2usic and literature, it promotes to
gT education I understand the devel
opment of the faculties of the body,
heart'; and mind — physical, moral
and mental. The highest education
of an individual consists In the
harmonious training of hla faculties
to that degree which enables him
to perform with the- greatest effi
ciency those functions, and to dis
charge those duties which In his spher»
of activity confront him. Tou ask.
Can there be an excess of true educa
tion? In the sense in which I understand
the term, obviously not; for, strive how
ever we may. perfection must ever eluda
our efforts. And this Is as true of. edu
cation as of all other human pursuits.
Education, however, must not , be con
founded with mere learning— especially
book learning. To illustrate: A man
might be able to explain most lucidly the
varying degrees of efSciency of all known
detonants, the mathematical curves de
scribed by a bullet as it leaves the muz
zle' of the rifle, and the history of fire
arms from the days of the Invention of
gunpowder to the present: and yet, for
the purpose of bringing down a deer B3
It leaps over rocks and brambles on the
slopes of Tampalals, the barefootad
mountain boy who never has heard of
Roger Bacon, and for his life could not
tell the difference between a parabolic
and a hyperbolic curve would be better
educated, better trained, than he. You
may, if you wish, readily apply these no
tions to the education of women. Before
you can determine what is the proper edu
cation—the proper training— of a woman,
you must first know what she is destined
? o be and to do. .
meant to him. Not the importing
of dry facts and arbitrary doc
trines; these would never be edu
cation; but the leading forth of a
mind, the cultivation of its growth.
This is why he was an educator
in the true sense of the word. He
led forth tlwse under his guidance;
led them from the darkness of
ignorance into the light of greater
understanding. Nor did lie ever
fail to live up to the principle which
he laid down here: "The higher
education, in the finest sense of the
word, means culture of the heart as
well as of the mind."
7 HIS little essay on education
¦ was the last writing that
Professor Joseph Le Conte
gave to publication.
There was no subject on which
he could possibly be more fitted to
write; this man who had given a
i long life of labor to the cause in
) which he wrote tlicse words. Edu
cation meant everything to him; he
had spent the years of his life in
educating and being educated. And
he knew the full meaning of the
word — to educate, to lead forth —
and that was what it always
THE LAST WRITING PROFESSOR
JOSEPH LE CONTE GAVE
TO PUBLICATION.
1 CERTAINLY approve of the same
. educational opportunities for our girls
as for our boys. If a woman were to
do the best for herself in a worldly
sense there is no better way than by
' fitting herself to confer the largest bene
fits to those around her. It Is a foolish
theory that learning makes a woman a
bore and destroys the pleasure of so
ciety. I should rather say the lack of
learning makes such conditions. Men
looking for agreeable companions look
among the educated. The development
of the faculties gives additional grace and
luster to their attractions. I should say
a college education does not unfit a
woman for domestic duties; It adds rather
to -a. more- perfect ~ accomplishment ., of
them. A knowledge of Greek or Latin
may not assist in the concocting of a
dainty dessert, but it will not detract
1 from H3 perfection.
Early Impressions are not easily ef
faced; if the mother is able to give . in
telligent answers to the child's query, will
not that child bo more fully developed?
If she understands music, will it not add
to the pleasure of her home? Perhaps
she has learned French; a knowledge of
the language of any contemporary nation
cannot be harmful. But a most thorough
education consists in ; giving our girls
mental . equilibrium regardless of the
learning— the rest will depend upon tha
Individual. '
fT^HERE is a misconception of the
I term education from my point of
1 view. One may have a mind well
I stored with the wisdom of the an-
X cients. be able to perform with ac
curacy a mathematical problem, or glibly
quote pages of the Iliad, yet should their
Inner heart be the abode of vanity and
prejudice they cannot be accredited with
a true education. I share the view given
In Sydney Smith's Theorem: "The woman
who has successfully cultivated her mind
without diminishing the gentleness and
propriety of her nature Is always sure to
meet with respect and attention, border
ing upon enthusiasm." Certainly the edu
cational doors should be open to man and
woman alike, for in many instances that
which nature r-ns neglected education will
develop. Through the pursuit of the va
rious branches the intellect is broadened
the brain is made necessarily more active'
new currents of thought are entered Into
the memory is trained to receive and re
tain and the mental arguments uncon-*
eclou6ly taken up develops the reasoning
faculties. The higher education ia also
conducive to prudence and a closer dis
crimination In all thing*. Including matri
mony. The process of having'clear and
r y\ COLLEGE education certainly
f [ does not unfit a woman for do-
I I mestic duties, for anything which
V» I tends to develop the faculties can-
JL not but be for the betterment of
the individual and all with whom she is
thrown in contact. Let it not be said that
the higher education will take woman
from her home; precisely the contrary
must be the effect Should those who de
nounce the higher education for women
be remanded ti» homes where women were
taught only to be proficient in sewing,
cooking and the nursing of babies they
would Boon cry out for a home with a
woman of the period. Sweet simplicity is
beautiful, like a beautiful picture, but
beautiful pictures do ¦ not make compan
ionable wives, and Ignorant motherhood
is a crime against nature.
At a. rseeting of the collegiate alumnae,
a.n organization consisting of representa
tives from eighteen different Institutions
for the higher education of women, an ac
tion was taken which resulted In the
renovating of the entire system of plumb-
Ing existing at that time in the city of
Boston. So much for the hygienic knowl
edge of the college women.
At the same meeting a statistical re
port concerning marriage was read. A
large percentage of non-college women
enter into matrimony under the age of
£4 years, a corresponding percentage of
college women marry at the ape of 26
years or over, thus proving that the high
er education tends to a closer discrimina
tion in selecting a life partner. Concern-
Ing divorces, it was found that there are
fewer divorces and less domestic infelicity
where the wives are college women, also
that there is a less mortality among tho
children. An applied knowledge of hy
giene certainly adds to physical health
A knowledge of the laws of chemistry
carmot but result In economy In cooking
end In the direction of her household. As
tronomy, geology or the classics may not
have a direct influence upon the home,
but they are certaisjy beneficial if never
used, for they broaden the mental vision
and strengthen the Intellect. Our great
statesmen, our lawyers, our doctors did
not study the classics because they
wished to read them now. they do not use
their knowledge of these branches in their
every day activities, but In' the pursuit of
tl^cse studies they have developed Into
great rr.en. as the higher education will
de\elop our girls into great women, good
wives and noble mothers. Education im
perta the power to minister to the higher
v/ants of those nearest. When a woman
Is thus fully equipped she can be truly
called an angel in tfce home.
TO make a nation truly great we
must have great women, and the
broadening of the intellect through
education, theoretical and practical,
can make such. It is not necessar
ily the college woman, but the woman
who knows how to make her home the
center of, intellectual and kindly Inter
course, the artist, the woman of letters,
the philanthropist who stands forward as
our ideal mother and w^fe. A woman can
not have too much education. The edu
cation which arms one tor every point
should comprehend a training for all
parts of life equally, for hours of relaxa
tion, as well as hours of active occupa
tion. . We are told how frequently a hus
band, lives a life apart because the wife
is not interested in the life that Interest?
him. Lack of interest is often Ignorance
of the subject In hand. I most heartily
approve of college education or any edu
cation which will broaden the intellcc'
and promote the general good of the na
tion, for its future depends upon what
the mothers of the period make it.
Mrs. May "Wright Sewall.
Major General Shafter.
<-T * ISTORY has been written about
I A court circles of our republic deal-
F 1 Ing with our finest grained and
J noblest women from Marth*
Washington to Ida 'McKinley.
Among them figure all women who have
attained a prominence as beauties, wits
or "grand ladyes." Each one of these
women was educated for the express pur
pose of presiding over the home of som»
man, becoming the mother of children
who were expected to be "wise and brave
as their fathers and as virtuous as their
mothers."
These women accomplished all thetr du
ties without the "higher education." They
•were taught to write elegant letters: they
wore lovely gowns: had the whitest
hands ever seen; their children were- obe
dient and deferential: they are the wo
men whose faces will be glorified and
whose names will be the theme of the
"belles' letters" of the world while it
rolls around In Its space. The education
of my day was & little more advanced, but
I was also trained to believe that to ba
the companion of some manlike man, to
be mother and trainer of hi3 children,
was the chief duty of woman: but even
then the continuous straining of th»
mind, the concert pitch upon the line of
crowding studies and multifold accom
plishments which we attained Injured us
In a degree, and the present higher col
lege education of girls Is undoubtedly In
jurious to them. Some of our finest medi
cal men have sounded the note of warn
ing. Schiller says, "To be man's tender
mate was worrtan born, and In obeying
nature she best serves the purpose of
heaven." The college-bred woman does
not make a good mother. It is not the
modern woman of the higher education
that the boy away from home will think
of as of one whose brooding tenderness
encompasses his very soul with love. The
best qualities of woman are Injured, or
at least latent, while her brain Is bein*
drawn out fine. It is the woman of the
fireside, the mother who talks to her Cre
ator and pleads with him for her child
that remains a picture like that of the
Madonna In the mind of every man -with
one pure spot left In his soul. In this
brief space I could not fully reply to the
question proposed, but I am for various
reasons relating to health, both mental
and physical, and for the good of the
coming race for whom we ought to live
opposed to the extreme higher education
now eiven to our girls. ...
' A woman who can write a good letter,
either business or social; who can keep
accounts so aa to stay within the limit 3
of her own or her husband's income: she
who has read , the great prose and poetic
literature of the world and its history; a
woman who knows how to keep her home
so that It will be a delight to the eye and
herself also — In fact, the "creature not too
high nor good for human nature's daily
food," Is my ideal.
My young daughter will not have a col
lege or "higher education." I shall Illus
trate my belief. No woman who ever
won the highest prize in mathematics
ever enchanted a man any more than the
Colossus of Rhodes does, and I do not
wish the days of enchantment to fade
entirely out of sight. Future generations
will pay the penalty of a manlike educa
tion of the girl of to-day. I am utterly
opposed to it, and am not alone, for thou
sands of men and women who are lead
ing the world are with me.
ICZ^OE, years and years it has been
wrangled over, this question of
"woman's education. Perhaps
this century will solve it.
Ever since the first woman with
an inquiring mind determined to
know things the fight has been or.
Goodness only knows who sbe was.
She may be recent, but it is more
likely that she dates back a long,
long way. She may have poked her
rose out of an early American wig
wam or a Grecian house, or a cliff
dwelling, for the matter of that. In
any oase, she vowed that her sole
duty was not to the cradle and the
cook stove, and she demanded a peep
into the world beyond her home.
But in these years it is not a lone,
bold woman here and there -who
pokes her nose out — it is an army
which cries out right lustily for edu
cation. The "higher educated" wo
man is among us, and we must decide
whether or not she is to have our ap
proval.
v The opinions on this page may give
a hint of what sort of an outlook she
has among representative San Fran
ciscans at the beginning: of this new
century.
DOES A COLLEGE
EDUCATION UNFIT A
WOMAN FOR
DOMESTIC LIFE?
J-WHE fear Is expressed that the col
• I lege woman as the result of her col
1 lege experience will lose her worn-
I anly charm, her chance of ' matri-
JL mony, her possibility of mother
hood and her taste for domestio
life, but statistics do not confirm
this theory. Fifty per cent of the college
graduates are happy wives and mothers.
The task of motherhood is one of the
most complex and exacting known, for It
requires ¦ all the various talents and the
most thorough knowledge." and the pecu
liar fitness for this of the woman of high
er education must not be overlooked. The
college woman has learned too much of
the Intricacies of the human body and the
human mind to neglect her child. She
studies her offspring, the result being
children mentally and physically stronger
than are shown in the best of the com
munity. * Her T/ell informed mind Is a
never falling source of amusement and
Instruction. She controls her children not
by force, but by superior knowledge,
which always commands attention and
respect. On the other hand. Ignorance
sometimes breeds contempt even of one
who might be loved otherwise.
WHAT PROMINENT
MEN AND WOMEN SAY
ABOUT THIS
GREAT QUESTION
distinct notions or thoughts Is of as much
importance as; having. them. - ; •;"•
Education itself means the perfecting of
the faculties to perform any one thins
well. Tie skilled. mechanic, the success
ful gardener, not ' thoroughly - at V ease S In
the translation of a Greek poem, yel with
the perfection they have attained in their
everyday calling, they certainly - can lay
claim to. education. "We are all ready to
affirm that the great aim of human ex
istence is happiness. Beyond elementary
education : the > process of ¦ procuring this
happiness must vary in "the case of every;
Individual according to his or her position
in life. As?for ; the effects of higher edu
cation upon domesticity, there can be but
the one opinion. A woman cannot but be
more companionable to a " man of intel
lectual . pursuits through the acquisition
of varied knowledge. I cannot say that
a reading of the glassies will have a ten
dency to make a woman a better wife, but
It does not always detract from her fem
inine attractiveness:- So .much depends
upon the individual, and one's own in
stincts*, will be too pronounced to need
guardianship in this matter of domestic
ity. It is but natural that culture and
elegance vin a home will make that home
more attractive, but perhaps the most sa
lient point to observe upon this guestlon
.is to make a note of the. numerous mar
riages -wherein the learned professors of
our State universities have selected col
lege women to be their life, companions.
Considering their superior advantage of
Judging from an unprejudiced point of
View, a search through Cupid's record of
.the last year will result In the most sat
isfactory reply. However, to resume, the
greater proportion of college graduates
are country bred, and their return to the
' country during the last twenty years has
had the most excellent, effects upon the
country community, for extensive knowl
edge goes hand in" hand with higher
standards and more lofty ideals, two
qualifications which we as a nation are
desirous of obtaining, for the prosperity
of a country depends upon Its citizens. I
would say that any education which can
promote the. general good of any commu
nity to the moral, mental or physical con
dition of a nation should be extended
equally to Individuals of either sex hav
'ae the desire to attain such.
THE SUNDAY GALL.
Clara Bell Brown.
Mrs. John F. Swift
B. H. Webster.
Mrs. "R. H. Waxfleld.
5THE SUNDAYVcALL.
AN AMERICAN" TUNE THAT CARRIED THE
"HOT TIME IN THE OLD TOWN"
\:WI* EN the British officers realized
VaV/ that the Americans were really
±JX!Jt going away,., out of the good
-ness of their hearts they deter-
mined to give a big evening to remember
and to "take them all in. The big Tern-
pie ; , Theater, with Its electric-lighted
stage, where the song-was sung which
upset the British Colonial Secretary, was
again opened up.f A bar with dusky ha-
tive waiters in their white dress and
3itp 5uppu,a , h, ero.p, Bf, er.a ¦
around every little table, while the offl-
cers of both countries did "turns" in reg-
ular vaudeville style behind the foot-
¦TO Genera. Oa.tee Sat i|i Genera!
.Gaselee and General Barrow on. th. raised :
platform which did. duty, for the private
t box. There Is a song, known to every-
bodywho has seen much of the army in
the Philippines, that represents a dis-
•tinguished major general whoat one time
had something; to do with governing the
islands as inquiring at',the eiid" of each
¦' ¦ . ¦ - ¦. '; ¦ .' -' - '¦'¦ ¦''"'.-- '.->¦-'" ' . ' ' ¦ '¦ .. ¦-¦*.¦¦
stanza, "For I'd like to know who's the
boss of the show; Is it me or ' Emillo
Aguinaldo?" An anglicized version of the
song, sung; by Lieutenant Stamford, hit
off the situation In China and caused the
generals.to smile-by asking. "For I'd like
to know who's the boss of this show; Is It
the Ministers, the generals or. the Chino?"
General Gaselee made a straightforward
speech without any flowery expressions,
in which h«» rifx-inr^a hi= ....^ *„, r~~~'
5JS££r?sis: z%z,G::«
they had pulled together, and expressed
the pleasure It had become *to see the
spontaneous friendliness which hpfl
-g|| UD J*^?^™,, £
tw0 io^and,. and hi, reeret that he
and his officers were to lose so many good
friends. He called upon the assembly to
give three cheers for General Chaffee
which' was done with* a will hl *
health w« drunk^nd^n "th^d t.S
pie rumbled in its roof with the sound of
"For he's" a jolly, good fellow." General
Chaffee made a graceful reply and ex
pressed in strong terms his belief not enly
that England and America should bo
friends, but that they were friends and
would remain so. He said; "Politicians
may talk, ministers may talk. Kings may
talk. Presidents may talk. but. gentlemen,
it will be all talk." Then the Americana
cheered the British, first the three gen
erals Present and then a11 £he °fflccrs and
their friends.
bSsr-vs ,47s. £x«?s£
land and even to Australia, as It has
taken the British contingent by storm,
When the Ninth Infantry band bepran to
S&&JZTZ£ &ln°a £3
SffSS-" »«" indufS 1°. ".STuS
band had to play it at least five times.
and then again later in the evening. From
the very first it "caught on" with the
British, and now it haa reached something
ZW^^ZL^Z^o^^^k
earth.-Sydney Adamson, In Leslie's*
Weekly,
|T Is "positively shocking" the way
they are catching fish at the plant of
11 the St. Anthony Falls Water Power
Company. This, too, in face of a large
eign on which is inscribed in plain letters:
"Ko Fishing Allowed; Keep Off." But,
then, only the immediate attaches of the
power-house are privileged.
Th<» flectricians have become so used to
working wonders by electricity— such a
miracle, for instance, as running the
street railways of two cities without
scarcely having to turn a hand them
selves—that they are in the habit of call
ing the mysterious fluid to their assist
ance whenever It Is convenient to bfo-so. .
They started,' out early in £he season,
which did not open until Wednesday, to
fish in the legitimate way. but, falling to
get any fish to speak of by hook, they de
termined to catch them, if possible, by
crook— to electrocute them.
Since then fish have responded with
eucb wonderful alacrity to the novel bait
A
that a few minutes* sport ' will give the
new fisherman "a nice mess." The eight
would bring tears to the eyes of Izaak
Walton, who believed "art for art's sake,"
who accounted It a more creditable per
formance to catch one fish an hour by
patient, painstaking, philosophic en
reavor than to slaughter the finny tribe
on the wholesale plan in . short order.
At the power-house they take a good
live wire, properly Insulated, where' the
angler holds it, and stick the same into
the water. Water Is a good conductor, as
everybody knows, and every time a fish
comes within ten or twelve feet of the
center of disturbance he Is conducted to
the surface.
He is not dead— he Is simply shocked
Into insensibility by his sensational recep
tion, and If left to his r own resources
would soon be himself again. But the
cruel man on the ledge of masonry which
juts out into the river around the power
house, through which the tail race come3
t . ¦. ¦ ' . ¦
pouring, reaches deftly into the water and
scoops up the unfortunate fish with a net.
Perch, shiners, bullheads, crappies and
an occasional sturgeon are caught in this
way. One of the electricians who was di
recting the mighty machinery which gen
erates 10,000 horsepower said that he had
caught a sturgeon early in- the spring
which weighed twenty pounds. He said
that an ordinary current of ¦ electricity
was strong enough to bring the most ob
streperous " fish to the , surface in' n\ost
cases. He had to handle the sturgeon con
siderably more than the average before he
could make him "lie still and be quiet."
Sometimes a simple Iron plate with elec
trical connections is used. v It. is hung. over
the side of the wall into the/river.. and
does the work as effectually as the wire
apparatus. ' : ** " "
The law does'not specifically forbid elec
tric fishing, but Garnet Warden Fullerton
Is going to see If the powerhouse '. sport
can't be stopped.— Minneapolis Journal.
THEM ALL FOR CATCHING THE FINNY TRIBE.
CURIOUS FISH ELECTROCUTION
AN ELECTRIC LINE THAT SEEMS TO BEAT
of fact, I was able to render several ser
vices for the commanding officers Just In
that way. The body of .troops which I
joined was conspicuous all through the
earlier part of the war. Some of us .were
with Buller and the force occupied in re
lieving Ladysmlth; some of us, the. squad
ron to which I was attached, were be
sieged In that city and others took a prom
inent share In the famous relief of Mafe
king, defended by Baden Powell.
They were a volunteer corps, and having
been subjected to the rule of the Boers in
the ¦ Transvaal were bitter, and were
equally disliked by the enemy. Scott-Chis-
holm, our first colonel, was- tilled in the
battle of Elandslaagte. Step by step we
were driven by the overwhelming numr
bers of tho Boers into Ladysmlth, where
we were beleaguered for many weary
months.
The story of the siege with Its heart
breaking disappointments has been told
so frequently that I can j add but little
to the general Information. It wag only
the. most dogged persistence that en
abled us to hold on while Butler's guns
would . boom up the valley on one day
only. to go growling down again in defeat
a little later. We had our compensations
also. Our victorious sorties flUed to vrtfh
enthusiasm and hope, *and but for these
we should have sunk Into the very grave
of despair. . s
When this war is over (and In spite ot
all the croaklnss of the dismal it cannot
be very long before the organized brigand
age Is broken up), I hop© to return to
South Africa and to enjoy some of the
opportunities for wealth which will then,
be open to all comers; and I can tell the
men of my race that they need not hesi
tate to try their luck. from any fear of
their treatment at' the hands of the Brit
ish colonists of South Africa.
Under ; these circumstances there could
be ho doubt .where my sympathies as a
colored man should lie. I pushed on south'
and Port Elizabeth just as the
storm was about to\ break.' On the first
threat of hostilities the refugees from
Johannesburg and other places In the
Transvaal ors.ihized ' themselves' into a
body of light cavalry under; the name of
the Imperial Light Horse. . To' this body I
attached myself .V I thought that my color
and my knowledge of the native dialects
might render me -useful, and, as a matter.
I had become worn out with the contin
ual labor and anxiety of bush life, and I
made my way slowly back to the more
settled districts. All the way back I heard
frequent rumors i of war impending -be-*
t ween the \ Boers and the English. This ;
.did not surprise me, as I knew' that the.
conflict was inevitable. Any one who lived
for any length, of time in South Africa
must have been convinced that the fight
had to come. \ The Jameson raid had done
av/ay. with any chance of a peaceful solu
tion of the difficulty. Feeling ran very
high, and the Boers, particularly those in
the remote '.districts, boasted repeatedly
that the time had now come for 'them to
take possession of the whole of South Af
rica. The natives were British to a man,
and some of the more powerful tribes
were Itching to get a blow, at their hered
itary oppressors. The sufferings of the
Swazis, whose lands had been ceded to the
Boers as ; a par t ; of ; the Transvaal Vepub
llc.had been told everywhere in the na
tive kraals. Those Swazis had been robbed
of their cattle' and had been made practi
cal slaves 'by the Boers upon the acquisi
tion of, the territory by them. Every;na
tive feared j his fate If the Boers should
make themselves master of the country. •
The imitative qualities of the natives
are frequently of great advantage to
them. Dinizulu, the son of Cetewayo, the
great Zulu warrior, Is a notable example
of this. This chief was sent by the En,
glish to St. Helena on the breakup of his
father's power. He remained oh that
island some ten years arid then was al
lowed by the British to return and re
sume authority in his tribe. It is easy to
see that Dinizulu had the natural instinct
to follow the example of thebest social
class in which he found himself. His
bearing is that, of a British officer, quiet,
dignified, unostentatious and with a touch
of hauteur. To see him on horseback rid
ing in his district, his drees and the very
poise of his body bespeak the aristocrat.
work with an Intensity and power of mas
tery that is really wonderful. The boys
that are sent by the missionaries, into the
English districts to pursue their educa
tion come back well informed and com
pare very favorably with the missionaries
themselves. It must be confessed, how
ever, that the latter are by no means the
best specimens of the white clergy. It ap
pears to be unfortunately true that only
the intellectually and socially deficient
are employed in the mission field. The .
native African brought up in his village
community is frequently very much more
of a natural gentleman than the son of
the small storekeeper, who, being too
lazy for physical toil, and not having the
intellectual equipment for home service,
has been sent out to work among natives
of remote lands.
There were two things which struck me
more forclby than anything else about
the colored aborigines of the. African con
.tlnent. In the, first place their great phy
sical vigor, and. in the second place their
wonderful adaptability. They have a cap
ital of health to draw upon. They know
nothing of the nerve wear of the present
day and they can apply themselves to
I had been hunting, and after bringing
my game down went to recover It. As I
raised my eyes from the quarry I saw
several native heads peep cautiously over
a bit of rising ground. Three rifles were
pointed at me and I was commanded in a
language of which I was ignorant to walk
ahead of the men, who thus conducted me
to their native village. Here a court was
formed and .1 was brought before -the
head man and his advisers for trial. All
through the proceedings a woman kept
shrieking something, the burden of which
I could not grasp. At last her ravings
grew bo wild and her behavior so unre
strained that I asked of a native who had
interpreted for me Into one of the Cape
dialects if the woman were really mad.
This amused the interpreter immensely
and he repeated the question to the
court. It seems that the woman had been
clamoring to have me put to death as a
Cape spy, and my ignorance of the lan
guage, as. evidenced by my question,
proved to be my salvation, for the court,
being convinced of my Inability to under
stand the language of their people, or
dered my release and I suffered no further
molestation from them. ••..-.
This Idea that I was a native boy from
the Cape» engaged In spying, nearly
proved my undoing on one \
that I was a Cape boy In the service of
the Cape Government passed away they
offered me every hospitality and kind con
sideration. .
The war over, the service of the Rho
desia Company offered no further attrac
tions, and my American Independence be
gan to assert itself. I bought a sufficient
quantity of material and started on a
trading expedition into the Interior of
Africa. "With a native boy and a few ani
mals I made my way Into the most re
mote and least Inviting sections of that
part of the country. Large patches of
solitary and uninhabited land gave place
at times to prosperous villages and smil
ing and well tilled patches of cultivated
ground. The natives were all more or less
well disposed, and as soon as the. fear
It cannot be said that the Matabeles
were ever really defeated. A compromise
more or less satisfactory to both parties
was attained and the Matabeles were al
most unconsciously to themselves trans
formed from fighting men to a new ele
ment in that mighty composite, the Brit
ish empire. In a short time the Queen
became to them an object of respectful
veneration and a wild African tribe had
fairly embarked upon the path which
leads to self-government and political in
fluence.
The treatment finally grew unbearable*
so I left the Rand behind and started for
Maf eking. Over the long, dreary- stretch
of country I tramped and suffered many
hardships. At Ma f eking I found Colonel
Plumer's column about to go to take part
In the Matabele war. I joined it and for
months engaged in the wild frontier fight
ing of that campaign. The Matabeles are
a fine fighting people. Their physique is
splendid. They can endure fatigue which
would tax the energies of our best trained
men to the very limit. \
ceedingly galling, and expostulation was
frequently made* which, however v only
brought the retort that men of our color
could expect nothing better*
FOR a colored man to be under the
command of General White seems
to be a contradiction in Itself, but
such is but a very slight instance
of the contrasts and variations
¦which have made themselves mani
fest In ray life.
I little thought -when I -went to the Isle
of Maul as a veterinary surgeon that my
Journey had really begun and that many
weary years and peril from unenlightened
man and savage beast -were to Intervene
before I again looked upon the place of
my birth. Had any one hinted that I
should be shut Tip for four months in a
hole between hills and pelted with nlnety
eix pound shells by the enemy the smila
of Incredulity -would have shown -what I
thought of the prognostications.
From Ma-ui to Australia -was my next
move. Here I mined for gold and met
•with several minor successes until in the
pursuit of the yellow metal I finally found
myself In Cape Town. Gold had Just been
<iiscovered in paying quantities and the
Rand -was beginning to be talked about.
That Rand, which was to be the scene
and the cause of conflict between the civ
ilization of the twentieth century and the
belated bigotry of the seventeenth.
No sooner had I crossed the Transvaal
frontier than the disposition of the ; re
public toward men of my color immediate
ly made Itself felt. "We colored men were
not allowed to enter the custom house.
We were compelled to stand In a row out-
Bide and our baggage was then examined.
Instead of marking our baggage, the Boer
officials marked the clothes which we
wore as a sign that the baggage had been
inspected and passed. Only colored peoplo
were subjected to this indignity, and
every Insult that it was possible to con
oeive was heaped upon us. To one com
ing from the British colonies, where no
such discrimination exists, this was ex-
6
EXPERIENCES
OF A COLORED MAN
IN AFRICAdoor. And when I got her pinned down
at last she said that her head w.*s feo full
of clients and oil business - and suffrage
that she really couldn't turn it In the di
rection of the whipping post discussion.,!
I started to go then. I never knew It
to fail.
"But in a off-hand discussion," she pro
ceeded, settling herself while I followed
suit, "I should say that I don't believe in
a whipping post for- the same reason that
I don't believe in forcing criminals- to
walk upon broken glass. I don't believe
in reviving the tortures of the Inquisition.
I don't believe In returning In this day of
enlightenment to things that are primi
tive and barbarous;
".Whipping would be degrading, would
It not? It's in a line with capital punish
ment. Those that look on at such an ex
hibition are degraded, those that read of
It in the papers are. Just because the
criminal has descended so low as to com
mit a brutal act is no reason why the law
should dp the same." [-*
"But the object is to deter the crime,".
I offered joyfully, for I was posted on the
arguments and I couldn't have stood it
not to air my new knowledge. •¦ "And if.
fine and imprisonment won't do if- — "
"No, they don't always accomplish the
object, of course. I don't believe in long
terms of imprisonment or in heavy fines.
I don't believe much in punishment, any
way. Let'us be gentle. Let us get at' the
root of the matter. Let us eradicate evil
by- teaching 1 good. If any man has don«
so horrible a thing as to beat a helpless
wife, I say, he is : morally diseased. He
ought to be put to bed and, nursed to bet
ter moral health. That's what he needs—
not punishment of a nature with his own
crime." .
I rose to go." "I mustn't keep you any
longer,". I said.
"And you may add,'.' she went on, "that
Mrs. Foltz says that any woman who per
mits the first beating from her husband
well, she deserves the second."
¦ ; ¦ . . . ¦ ¦ ¦ • . * : • ;
Kansas City has a ; whipping -iost in
active operation. It does not limit its
scope to wife beaters. ; The other day
word. came of the whipping of a pumpkin
colored young' lady.
"For tho first time since -his, whipping
post £aa .been established," ran the- dis
patch% "Justice Walts has ; had a girl
whipped in his court. Before this the lash
has been used on boys only. A number of
them havo been whipped for . minor of
fenses, principally theft. The Judge was
unwilling to punish a girl In this manner,
and It took a good deal of pleading to
convince him .that such a courso was a
good one. The 'girl's lawyer and her
mother both asked to- have the girl
whipped rather than sent to jail. Finally
the Judge yielded , and her mother gave
the child 'the best whipping she has had
for some time. It was, however, so the
mother said, only a forerunner .of what
was to come. '. ' .' . : .
"Last Monday .Ullle Thomas. 13 years
old and very black, found herself suffer-"
Ing from ennui.' Her mother was away
from home, and In looking about for a
good time, Llllie took $3 from a neighbor.
Soda water, i lemonade and . candy ' made
rapid Inroads upon this capital and by the
time the neighbor had told ¦ the girl's
mother of the affair Lillie had not a cent
left — She was a very much scared girl
when she sat : in court and waa told the
gravity of the offense.
"Mrs. Thomas, who persisted* In calling
the . Judge .'Boss.' .-was pleased when ho
told her she might whip her girl and then
take her home. *
" 'When niggahs get bad, you have to
use do rawhide/ .was her comment. .
The day of the earth is now shorter
than the month— the period . of revolution
—of the moon. The moon is therefor*
slowly receding from us, and it has been
receding for thousands of centuries. But
the day of the earth Is. as we have seen,
slowly growing longer. The finger of th©
tides is always pressing upon the rim of
our huge flywheel, and slowly but surely
lessening the speed of its rotation. So
long as the. terrestrial day Is shorter than
the lunar month the moon. will continue
to recede from, us» — "
ever the rotation time of a planet Is
ehorter than the period of revolution of
Its satellite, the effect of their mutual ac
tion Is to accelerate the motion of the
satellite and to force it to move in a larger
orbit— to increase its distance, therefore.
Our day Is now twenty- four hours: tha
distance of the moon Is now 240.000 miles.
When our day was about five hours long
the moon was In contact with the earth's
surface. It had Just broken away from
its parent mass. As the length of tha
terrestrial day Increased, so did the dis
tance of the moon. The two quantities
are connected by Inexorable- equations. If
one varies, so must the other. ¦ /When-
It was at this time that the moon waa
horn— separated, broken off, from the
parent mass of the earth. The earth was
;hen a molten, flattened sphere of lava.
Its whole body was fluid. j The tides,
which are now small, superficial, and so
to say. local, were then universal and im
mense. They occurred at short intervala.
The whole surface of our globe was af
fected. And the corresponding lunar tides
In the molten moon were Indefinitely
greater, still.
hours; millions of years before It
was twenty-one. As we look backward
Into time we find the earth revolving
faster and faster. There was a time, ages
ago, long before geology begins, when the
earth was rotating in a day of five or six
hours in length. In the remotest past the
earth revolved in a day of about five
hours. It could revolve no faster than
this and remain a single unbroken masa,
says Professor E. S. Holden in Harper'*
Magazine.
THE earth revolves on Its axis one*
In twenty-four hours. Million* ot
years ago the day was twenty-two
As this Earth and
the Moon Are
to Each Other
ling.
"The man 6tammered Indignantly and
k«-pt handing out the ten dollars. 'But,
Judce, she's my v-jfe.'
• • • •
After I had loft Mr Leaco i came Ijack
U» this side of »he tay and sought out
airs. Clara Foltz. I had to seek some dis
tance—past a door and a stenographer
end several waiting clients an* another
woman?*
" 'Yes, sure, I hit her. She's my wife.'
" 'What's that ten dollars for?*
" 'To pay for hlttln' her.'
" 'Now. the price for hitting wives has
been raised since you were here before.
It will cost you Just one hundred dollars
this time.' I could feel the Judge chuck-
THERE Is talk of our having a whip
ping 1 post where husbands may be
trained up In the way they should
Co.
The thing has been hammered over,
time and again In the East. Here on
our coast It was for a young attorney
: and a young husband to throw the bomb
1 shell proposition Into our midst very late
ily. Bald Prosecuting Attorney A. P.
' Leach of Oakland, better known as Abe:
"If I had my way, the whipping post
' should be used with all the public dis
1 grace and physical punishment Its ser
' vice Involves upon such men as this who
beat frail little women, particularly their
: ¦wives."
It was Jean Latrtlle that he was talk-
Ing about. Jean keeps a French laundry,
a dog and a wife, and they are all his.
He considers it his privilege to do with
them as he pleases, and it is no concern
of the court If he shower upon one of
them delicate little attentions with po
tato masher or stove lid.
Mr. Leach •was extremely war in when
he eald It He has been Prosecuting At
torney in that Oakland court for three
years, and in that time he has bad some
thing like twenty-five wife-beating cases.
Of these he has 6een all but some half
dozen dismissed.
"It makes me mad," he said.
"When I saw him it was several days
after and he was entirely cool, but his
view6 had not changed In the least. ¦ "It
makes me so mad," he repeated, "not to
be able to do anything with those great
husky brutes that take clubs and pokers
to little hundred-pound women."
The trouble, he r says, all ariaes from
the old law by which wives cannot be
compelled to testify against their hus
bands.
"They back down every time," he went
on. warming as he talked. "Fve seen the
eame thing happen bo many times Tin
tired of It.
"A wife rushes into court, crying out
for protection against a brutal husband.
Th# matter is taken up, the case is pre
pared—nothing is wanting except the
wife's prosecution. Then, after she has
made all the fuss, she backs down. She
walks out arm In arm with the man who
has been abusing her. She won't prose
cute.
"When Injured -wives of this class come
to me I say, 'Oh, you're wrathy^just now,
but you won't prosecute when the timo
comes.*
** The idear they always say. 'Do you
suppose I'm going to stand any more of
this? Very indignantly, of course.
"Te». I suppose you'll go back to your
husband and stand It, Just like all the
others,' I reply, and then they raise their
eyebrows and pucker their mouths firmly
and answer, 'Others may, but you don't
know me.* They always say, 'You don't
know me.' Heavens, don't I? I know
every one of them. They're^all alike."
Mr. Leach Is a rattling good talker and
not an amateur actor for nothing. I had
been bo absorbed In watching how they
"rolled their eyes" and "puckered their
mouths" that I had to remind myself that .
I didn't know yet how the whipping post"
¦was going to correct all this.
It seems that the arguments run this
way: If Imprisonment is the penalty for
wife-beating, the wife cools before she
eends her husband Into comfortable Jail
quarters while ehe has to work to sup
port the family. If a big fine is the pen
alty she is too good an economist upon
eeccnd thought to rid the family coffer*
cf ten. fifty or a hundred dollars. But If
a whipping be the penalty 6he is nothing
out of pocket by the transaction and th»
chances are good that her lord and mus.
ter will leave flailrons and bootjack* to
their legitimate uses, at any rate for a.
while after he has *felt how it feel* hlm
eelf.
"I don't see any other way to teach
these brutes that they must not use a wlf$
JIke a dog," Mr. Leach wound up with vim,
"Talking doesn't make any impression on
them. They believe that they have a per
fect right to do as the whim direct..
There was one who shuffled into th$
Judge's presence feeling In his pocket aa
he came. He drew out a ten-dollar plee*.
'Here. Judge.' he eald.
" "So you struck your wife*** inquired
the Judge, not taking the gold. >V j.
"'Oh. yes. She's my wife.* .'..;-;
" 'And you struck that little defenseless
"I am In favor of abolishing capital
punishment," said this Frenchman, "when
the criminals set the example. They re
gard the possession of a watch on my part
as a good reason for perpetrating capital
punishment. Now, when they abolish it
and set the example we will follow."
It was little Delaware alone of all the
States that made, Itself famous by stick-
Ing to its post. It was Maryland, some
where along In the 'go's, that made Itself
famous by starting a new one. It wa3 in
defense of this move that a lawyer said
he was in favor of abolishing whipping
In the same way that a certain French
man waa In favor of abolishing capital
punishment.
During the colonial and .revolutionary
peric-ia whipping posts flourished like
green bay trees. They were to be seen In
the market places of county capitals. In
1S40, the famous reform year, many of th»
States individually abolished whipping,
and the United States "rid Its statute
books of the matter In February, 1839."
It Is certainly enough of an antique to
be made a fad of. It dates-back to the
Bible times and those of the Zend Avesta.
It was more popular than golf among the
ancient Greeks and Romans. Any little
boys of Old England who said a naughty
word, that rhymes with "lamb" were
whipped by command of the law. It is re
ported, too. that In the same Old Eng
land—Merrle Englande— "gentlemen , ar
ranged parties of pleasure to Bridewell
for the purpose of seeing the wretched
women who beat hemp there whipped."
Some New England lawyer remarked
that he would approve of the revival of
whipping when he indorsed the burning of
witches. He seems to voice a good many
people's sentiment. However, there Is no
telling how fashionable whipping may be
come before the century Is over. It may
be revived along with the old brass and
irons and dawfoot tables. Maryland re
vived 'it In the latter, part of the last cen
tury; and who knows that California
won't be following suit?
In 1SS7 the American Bar Association de
voted hours at their convention to the dis
cussion of the- problem. Nothing In par
ticular came of It all. but a great deal of
arguing was done. The pros said that ap-
proprlateness In punishment was the
great thing; that when their sinful little
sons pinched a sister's arm they must be
pinched themselves, and so with wife
beaters. They also argued that men like
sixty days or so when the landlady la ur
gent and no cash is in sight; but they
never like to be whipped.
. The cons talked about returning to bar
barism.
• • •
"The Judge stopped the woman when
he thought the girl had been whipped
enough, and mother and daughter left th«
court together."
"All this was punctuated with blows.
" 'Llllie* Llllie !' she ihouted. again and
again, 'ain't you 'shamed? I've treated
you so well. Heah you've disgraced me
by making m© bring: you to dls notorious
co*t and dls notorious whippln' post.*
?It was when Mm, Thomas had ha*
daughter tinder the influence of tb* whip
that she began to talk at length.
7
THE SUNDAY CALL.
SHALL WE HAVE A WHIPPING
POSTOne of ths cheapest as well as tn# most
wholesome of Jams Is made from straw
berries and rhubarb boiled together. Th«
proportions are one pound of peeled and
cut rhubarb to one Quart of strawberries,
and one and a half pounds of sugar. Boil
Blowly In an agateware kettle, being very
careful not to scorch. Whea a Ilttla
poured on a cold plate will make a thin
Jelly It Is done, but it requires much
longer boiling than the strawberries
alone. This Jam has a fine flavor, and la
not so rich as the pure strawberry Jam.
Following the sams directions and sub
•tituting raspberries for the strawberries
will produce a Jam of different flavor but
equally as good. This Jam should bs
poured as soon as done Into earthera or
glass Jars and covered with a thin coat-
Ing of melted paraffin wax. It will keen
a long time In a cooL dry place.
This may be varied by makingr a.sHght
cavity In the cream Just befor* serving
and filling the space with thick straw*
berry ayup. Mash some of the berries
with an eaual amount of sugar, let them
~»tand an hour, or until the aug-ar Is
melted, then squeeze through cheesecloth,
and use the syrup as directed, or as a
sauce for th* berries served whola or for
Ice cream.
of halved berries, points toward the cen
ter, around the edge. This Is a pretty
way of serving the berries for a first
course at. luncheon or for a dessert. Tlia
berries seem to flavor the cream mors
highly than when they are served whoi«
In the cream.
Luther chose a wife when he was 42, and
Button when be was 55. Goethe gave his
name to Christiane Vulpius when three
years less than three-score. Klopstock
after mourninff his Meta 33 years took.
Dante married when 26 the Florentine,
Gemma Donati. Napclen was 27 when he
married the rich widow. Josephine de
Beauharnais, and Byron had attained the
same age when he gave his name to the '
heiress. Miss Anne Isabelle Milbanke. The
Swedish naturalist, Llnneus (Llnne). was
27 when he married: Herder was 29 and
Robert Burns was 30. Schiller had passed*
Ois Thirty-first birthday when he wedded
Elizabeth Dorothea Kodweiss. Wieland was
married when he was 32. Milton began
hie unhappy union when he was 33 years
old. Buerger led his beautiful and beloved
"Moll" to the altar when he was more
than 36 years old.
Shakespeare married Anne Hathaway
when IS years old. Frederick the Great
¦was 21 when he led Princess Elizabeth of
Brunswick to the altar.. "William von
Humboldt married Caroline von Dach
droeden when 24. and Mozart and Walter
Scott were 25 when they chose their better
halves. The musician married the charm-
Ing Constance Weber, who inspired him to
write his most beautiful compositions,
while the choice of the novelist was Miss
Charlotte Margaret Carpenter.
has presented an Interesting compilation
of the ages at which they do the rash
deed.
TO make delicious strawberry dessert,
select nice, shapely berries, of
medium size, rinse In a colander
placed in a pan of cold water, drain
thoroughly and dry by rolling carefully on
a cloth. Turn out a few at a time on a
thick cloth, lift the edges until the berries
have all turned over and are free from
moisture. Remove the hulls and cut each
berry in halves from stem to point. Have
ready some thick cream, sweetened with
powdered sugar and whipped stiff. Una
the bottom and sides of frappe glasses
with the strawberries, cut side next th»
glass, and fill the center with the whipped
cream, adding it as soon as one layer oi
berries 1st In place, and when the glass IS
full, pile it in the center and lay a row
FINE STRAWBERRY DESSERTS.
£p? CLEVER man once remarked that
II \\ many marriages which give the
Ji public much unhappiness are per
fectly satisfactory to the persons
xnoEt closely concerned. Seas of ink have
overflowed on the subject of the advisabil
ity or non-advisability of geniuses marry
ing. But since they do marry, and some
times more than one*. McCall's Magazine
unto himself a second wife when 67.. She
was a widow bearing the name of Jo
hanna von Windhelm.
And, bv the by, if geniuses did not
marry, who would? For a man who at
the marriageable age and in the marriage
able frame of mind who does not expect
to astonish, the world some" day is scarce
ly worth marrying.
AGES WHEN GENIUSES MARRY.
for a while wound up her career In a
lunatic asylum.
Th2 stage people know that well
enough. They ask, "Was it her whirl
wind dancing that caused her insanity?"
They do not know,- but -the thought
comes to them now and then.
Perhaps this is'why the Molasso-Salvag
gi wonders have things pretty much their
own way.
"There are very few ¦who do it," said the
only Molasso-Salvaggi who knows any
English. He was obliged to say it in
French, for the only English he knows
is, "I speak English.'-' , •
He Is a wee, wiry slip of a man. The
other one is still wee-er, still wirier. They
look as nervous as cats, and their every
motion shows that they are.
"It is so hard," he went on with a sigh
of weariness, and this was before the
performance began. ( ¦
"It is so hard," echoed the other with
an Italian groan.
"It is so hard," echoed the feminine of
the Molasso-Salvaggi troupe.
"And how long do you have to devote
in practicing?" they were asked.
"We do not practice 'at alL We can
not' endure to work at the dancing any
longer than the required time of the per
formances."
To work at dancing. That is what it is
—work. Dancing is something els© by
tradition, but not to these whirlwind peo
ple.
For every grand flourish is achieved at
a big cost to muscle, to agility, and above
all to nerves.
Will the nerves give out in the end?
Look at the two men. They have the
art of- the grasshopper, to be sure, but
no more physique.
Look at the two women. They are de
void of every, curve that easy living and
good health give. They are flat-chested.
as If they never had the time nor the re
pose to draw a long, lazy breath; They
are compounds of muscle and nerves.
Nature won't stand everything.
She protests in the end.
There is a terrific nervous tension about
the work, differing in that from every
other kind of dancing. Serpentine . or
skirt dancing are supposed to stand for
grace of motion. '¦ They are a -kind of
calisthenics and are worth recommending
as gymnastic work. T'-U^? •'
Buck and wing dancing gives you supple
Joints. • '
To© dancing is excellent physical train
ing:.
But whirlwind dancing Is another thing.
Every time that a great whirl is made
there Is a. nerve strain until It Is safely
through. One slip of a toe, one loosening
of the firm grasp of a hand and the «»ame
is up. As a man behind the scenes re
marked the other night when a gentleman
In black was whirling a pink lad/ through
the air by her arms:
"Golly! If one of her arms should pull
out, what a fall she'd get!"
She is flung through the air, toward the
•^¦T RE they whirling their wits away?
f \ Night after night you can watch
I I them at the Orpheum, the Molas-
I so-^Salvaggrl troupe, twisting and
spinning, wheeling and whirling,
winding up each time with a giant pin
trheel flourish— it looks like fun. to you.
"What do the Molasso-Salvaggis think
about it?
They think that the fun is on your side
of the footlights.
To render oneself a Fourth of July piri
vheel for seven nights out of the seven
and for plenty of matinees besides; to
•whirl one's body until one's brain whirls
too, out of sheer sympathy; -to drag one
self below stairs, exhausted, while a
greedy crowd above clamors for you to
do It all over again — that it Is to be a
¦whirlwind dancer.
And what is the end of It all?
There was once one of the tribe, De
Forrest by name, whom you have forgot
ten. You applauded her while she danced
for you, but now you have forgotten her.
For she has ceased to dance, and that
ceasing: meant the end of your memory.
Tou are the public
Why did she cease?
That Is a questlon^that nobody ever
asked at the time.
There were others, always others to
take her place.
Not many of them, to be sure, for they
knew what you have never heard, . per
haps, or having heard have forgotten.
The Madame de Forrest ,«rho dazzled
wings, with a force that would mean a
fearful accident If the grasp slipped.
This wear and tear of danser risked Is
the same that belongs to any acrobatic
performance. What . makes this work
worse is the dizziness that must be faced
and overcome.
Perhaps It never Is culte overcome.
The one who wears her hair in a fan on
top of her head came off the stage the
other night with a hand pressed to her
She staggered slightly.
She looked completely exhausted.
Remember that these whirls are com
plete, made all in one direction; that they
are not relieved by reversing as In other
dances.
That accounts for a good deal.
When these people began to learn ths
work, which Is so Ions ago that they have
to tap their foreheads to recall the time,
they could make only a part of the circle
at once. Their brains reeled.
Little by little, patiently, they at last
gained control of their dizziness. They
have learned not to show it to an audi
ence. . They leave the stage night after
night sick with fatigue, the blood rush
ing to the head. They are applauded — *
you want them back.
If you could see them as they drag
themselves to their dressing-rooms, you
would not blame them that they fall to
respond.
Every night feels as If it must be the
last. ->v.?
What fate Is In store for the whirlwind
dancer?
THE STTNDAY^CALL.
8
THE FATE
OF THE
WHIRLWIND DANCERJporismen Jtunting for Deer in Jtitls of Maria County
- Many French automobiles have a large
plate of plate-glass In a steel frame in
front of the driving seat' to protect the
operator from dust and wind during fait
Mark Hlrschberg of Morenei, Mich., ha*
Just completed the work of establishing
liis claim as one of the four heirs to an
estate of $1,500,000 left by his uncle, Aaron
Brinneur. In Russia. Hirschberg has sold
his tailor shop in Morenei and will leave
tor Russia.
The chief engineer of the navy, by law
bearing the title of. rear admiral, George
W. Melville, is the possessor of a gold
medal awarded by Congress in recogni
tion of services in the Arctic regions. He
has the degrree of doctor of laws, con
ferred by Georgetown University, and the
degree of doctor of engineering, conferred
by Illinois Institute of Technology.- Be
sides, he is a member of a dozen literary
and patriotic societies. 'Withal, Rear Ad
miral Melville has not the qualifications
of a gentleman, according to the Sampson
code.—Utlca Prea*
Admiral Melville's Titles.
Without hesitation and with hardly a
pause he repeated from memory ' the
15,350 lines that are in the "Divine
Comedy" of Dante. It was 8 o'clock in
the evening when he began to recite, ind
he did not stop until a quarter past two in
the following afternoon. The task, there
fore, occupied him 1095 minutes, which
was at the rate of 830 lines an hour. Dur
ing all this time he recited- unceasingly,
except at rare intervals, when he stoppod
for a minute or two to sip a little brandy
and water. The feat was the result of a
wager.
An extraordinary feat was performed
the other day at Naples by M. Arlini, a
professor of rhetoric. In presence of a
large audience, which was mainly com
posed of actora. authors and Journalist3.
Feat of Memory.
Crack GreWs of TKis City and Yicir\ity
/\re y\r\xio\js- to Participate.
As, Ed Kragness, Leo Wienand and T. J. Sherry of the Dolphin i Boating Club'
all want to r-ull i n the outrigged skiff race.'at; Astoria, there -will probably be a
t«.-«m +? decide who shall represent the club.' .
> One well-known San Francisco oarsman will be missed at Astoria this year-
A. W. Pape Of the Dolphin Boating Club.. He has visited. Astoria during regatta
week for the past two or three, years and has always beaten the northern men.
He hopes; however.'to make a trip to the Eastern States next year and cannot
spare the time to leave San Francisco .now. It has been ill-naturedly suggested in
an Astoria newspaper that Pape did not wish to meet the Portland single scullers.
Ball and Gloss, but he defeated Gloss last year and Gloss has. beaten Ball."v.r-<
The University of California has a crew in training, mRde up' of L. M. Turner
bow; H. Muller, No. 2; Frank Klngton, No. 3, and E. B. Harley, stroke. Klngton
is a strong, powerful man, who has been rowing for two years and was captain
of the crew which beat, the four of the Cloumbia Rowing .Club on , Oakland Creek
last year. Turner has rowed in Australia,. while Muller and Harley are new men
but are reaping much benefit from W.B. Goodwin's coaching. Turner will- B teer
the'new cock&wainless four-oared shell lately buiit by John Hoyle of Ithaca from
his place In the bow thwart. The shell was built on a model approved by Court
ney, the coach of the Cornell University crews, but the* outriggers were found too
low for use on this bay and have been rafsed somewhat.-
The Alameda senior barge crew is'going out three erfour times a week, and
having won the senior barge race at the Lake Merritt regatta is entitled to -go
without question. The Olympic crew Is going out for practice from the South
End Rowing Club's house and is doing faithful work. . An Ariel four wants to go,
and it is now said that the Pioneer seniors " would . like to row on the. Columbia
River. '" ... ¦' - .• t ¦*¦;.; . ¦" -.¦¦.¦•'¦ • ' •. ¦ ¦¦.'¦¦'¦ '¦'¦ i - *;'?'. ¦' " ¦¦ . ¦ . '/'-'
It has not been decided what crews from, the local rowing clubs will go to As
toria, as Secretary McCue of. the Astoria: executive' committee has ' not yet been
heard from. It seems probable, however, that more crews will be ready to go
than can be accommodated, and in thlscase it will be necessary to hold "try-outs
to determine who- shall be sent. . . V
is well known and popular, both in Portland and Astoria. The queen, with
her maids of honor, the Portland committee, Geer and his guests,.- will
leave Portland on Wednesday, August 25i. and on reaching/Astoria tnat niplit will
be welcomed by the carnival committee. On Thursday evening-, August 23, there
will be a ball. The rowing 'and^ sailing races will lake place on August 29 c*nd 30.
crews from Astoria, Portland, Victoria and Pan Francisco Bay taking part.' On
the 31st there will be a field day, at which athletes from the Olympic Club and the
athletic clubs of the Northwest will compete. ; . • ¦
PREPARATIONS for the eighth annual regatta at Astoria -are going on
apace, and it is expected that this year's event will eclipse Its predeces
sors. Miss Ivy B. Barker of Portland, daughter of a former officer of the
United States navy, has been elected queen of the Astoria carnival. .< She
; On Saturday, August '. 3.- a tournament
was; played on : the - links :' of the San. Ra
fael Golf Club fortwo prizes presented by
Graham. Babcock. It; was a mixed four
some over eighteen holes, .with handicap;
Major ¦;' and;. Mrs.; -Charles Christensen
proved the winners of the silver cup with
a net score of 35.' W. B. Murray and M13S
M. Burrows were second, with 41: D. E.
and Mrs,' Skinner, R. H. Ingram and Miss
Hopkins, 46; . . W. ;. H. and Mrs. Fitzhugh,
47; J. J. and Mrs. Crooks, A. Arand Mrs.
Curtis, 48: 'William "and Mrs. Gerstle, F.
S. and Mrs. Johnson, 49; - Lester * A." and
. At . ;the :- time of j writing: It cannot be
stated positively what ladles from the
south will play at 'Burjingame and l Del
Monte, but it is confidently hoped' by ths
committees in charge of the competitions
that - several of i the strongest southern
players will be seen- there. , The list of
men golfers who will take part !n the
open competition at Del Monte for ama
teurs, .which has already been . published,
includes many of the most j noted ama
teurs 'of San I Francisco and •> Southern
California. ' r ' : . ".'.
Xext Thursday, August 15, the third
contest for the Ponjatowskl cup, for
women golfers, will "be held on the links
of the Burllngame Country Club. Former
contests have been held on the Fourth of
July, but this year there were so many
events scheduled for that day that It was
decided to postpone the cup competition.
To'enable players from a: distance who
might desire to enter both the Poniatow
skl cup contest and the tournament at
Del Monte it ' was decided to , have the
competition for the cup a '- f ew deys be
fore the events at • Monterey bes:lri. Ar
rangements have been made with the'
railroads whereby special rates will be
given to those who attend the tourna
ments at Burlingame and Del. - Monte."
These who travel from points to the north
of Burlingame get tickets to Del Monte,
with privilege of stop-over at Burlingame.
while those who come from places to .the
south- buy tickets . to Burlingp.me direct
and purchase their return \ ticket;, there;
they., may therefore, stop over, at Castro
ville, paying local rates to Dei Monte and
back. . The secretary,- in ¦ charge -of the
tournament will certify that 'the holder of
the receipt certificate of the ticket agent
has attended the , tournament. -.%-.
OARSMEN TRAINING FOR
THE ASTORTA REGATTA
..The all-comers' tournament, over thirty
six holes, medal play, recently held on the
links of the .Hollywood, Golf Club, near
Long, Branch, N. J., ; was won by Willie
Smith of the Midlothian Golf -Club of
Chicago: Willie Anderson of Flttsfleld.
Mass, being second.- In .the Scotch,four
some, over thirty-six holes, Willie Smith
and .Willie Anderson were, paired, and led
all the^ other couples with a scote of 79
for eighteen' holes. ¦, best ball. : Horace
Rawllns and his partner, JYV. F. Davles of
the Apawamis Golf Club of ;Rye r N. Y.,
scored . 81. All the above except Davles
are well known In San Francisco.
Mrs. -Wright. 50; 'George and . Mrs
Heazleton, 56; E. J. arid Mrs. Hooper,
69: Graham Babcock and Mrs. F. H.
Green, 62; W. J.' and Mrs. Casey, 65; Vln T
cent and Mrs. Neale. 7L'
Percy Miller and E. ,T. Langdale have
been elected members of the Pacific
Cricket Club. ' '
The Alameda team to-day will be chosen
from the following:' R. B. Hogue, G. J.
Baugh; J. J. Moriarty. F. Croll, B. Bird,
Harold Ward, W. G.Fortmann, F. Stahl,
W. Richter, A. Brown, A. Willis, D. See
beck and H. Bird. The Pacific eleven will
be chosen from the following: H. C. Cas
idy. C. P. Coles, W. C. Comyn." D. Jamie
son, J. Myers, W. Petherick, E. T. Lang
dale, .Harold B. Richardson, T. J. A.
Tiedemann, George Theobald and A. W.
Wilding.
To-day the Alameda and Pacific cricket
elevens will meet on the ground at Web
ster street. Alameda for the fifth time this
season. The Pacific team has been much
strengthened by the' addition of Harold
Richardson, who . played in the Surrey
County eleven last year. In the Old Eng
land versus Young America match last
Sunday . he scored 4S runs and was run
out by a lucky throw-In by Croll from the
field! Had he not been run out it is prob
able that the Old England team would
have played out time and made a drawn
match of it. The defeat of the Old Eng
land men seems to have been due largely
to poor fielding, and bad judgment in the
disposition of their fielders. .But the Bird
brothers played excellent innings, hitting
freely, and- after they had got well set
gave few chances.
In the doubles Miss Hall and Miss Hoff
man will Join forces, and either they or
the Sutton sisters will probably bo the
first women champions of the coast ta
doubles. *.
In the mixed doubles tournament there
will be s!x teams, which will be picked by
the. committee. The best players are 'in
favor of having the contestants choose
partners, but the majority favor drawing
them by lot." The latter way would prob
ably be fairer* for everybody and produce
better results.
Miss Miriam Hall is the present coast
champion, and Miss May Sutton of South
ern California will be her most dangerous
opponent. All the best players, both wo
men and men, are practicing constantly
and these .will be the most successful
tournaments ever held here. ' t
As yet nothing: definite has been done
concerning the championship tournaments
to be played the latter part of this month
and the first of next. The ladies' tourna
ments will begin on August 26, and will
be completed on the 31st. The doubles and
mixed doubles will probably be played on
Monday and Tuesday, the first rounds ot
the singles on Wednesday and Thursday,
the finals on Friday and' the champion
ship match on Saturday afternoon.
The location of the courts, which is the
ground occupied by the old bandstand, is
a very good one, as there are wind breaks
on nearly all sides. The courts are the
regulation size, with the proper space on
the sides and backs. While asphalt courts
are hardly as fast as bitumen, still If kept
in good condition there is little difference
between them. It might be well to sug
gest to those in charge that the park
courts would be improved very much wera
they swept, rolled and watered every day,
or even every ofher day. Another matter
to which attention should be given Is the
erection of some structure containing
dressing-rooms. Tennis Is 'a game that
cannot be. properly played in street at
tire,.which Is found to be .also very un
comfortable. With these few suggestions
carried out, the park courts will be as
good as any turf courts in the State.
The public tennis courts being 1 built to
GcJden Gate Park are fast nearlng com
pletion. Of the five courts to be laid out
four are already finished and the fifth will
be completed In a week or two.
GOLF EXPERTS WILL
PLAY FOR FINE
TROPHIES.
CRICKET ELEVENS
WILL PLAY IN
ALAMEDA.
TENNIS COURTS IN
GOLDEN GATE
PARK.
Cq-p^HE hunting grounds resound with the baying of hounds
II and the report of firearms. This is the season for deer
I hunting and the ruthless slaughter of the pronged
JJL quadruped Is now under way. So far very little slaugh
tering has been done, as deer have scented the coming
of the sportsmen from afar, and- like wise animals have
avoided a • meeting. The dogs loll around in the hot sun and
•show little- inclination to chase the festive deer over the wilds
of Marin County. Hunters have been out in great numbers,
but. luck has befallen few of the shooters. :.
An expert, hunter assigns the lack of . success to three.
Firstrthe hot* weather that- prevail "/in Marin and
other counties; secondly, the poor condition of the dogs, and
"thirdly, moonlight nights. 1 , He claims that until the weather
becomes less torrid and the docs round into form and the moon
stops shedding its bright rays on the valleys the hunters will
enjoy better luck.
. In Marin County the hunters have had much to contend
with. In the day time the hot sun makes it uncomfortable
• for them to' climb hills and force their way through unused
trails. In the afternoon the fog from the coast has had aj
tendency to hide the deer from sight. But all hunters are
hopeful and expect to bag some of the big game before the
season closes.
Among the hunters who are chasing the elusive deer may be
mentioned Alec Hamilton, Frank Carolan, Achille Roos, Harry
Hosmer, Dr. de Marville, W. S. Kittle, George Jackson, Al
Lahrke, Tom Walsh. John C. Nobman, E. B. Preston, F. W.
Van ' Slcklen. Robert Oxnard, .-Andrew , Jackson, John Lemmer,
George W. Root.General John H. . Dickinson, N. H. Hickman,
W. M. Cashman. J.- W. Crandall, George W. Smith, Fred S.
Johnson and others. '
Mr. Lewis of Tiburon is reported to have landed two bucks.
- He and a few friends have been hunting in the vicinity of No
vato and. have had average luck. v
The adventures of half a dozen local hunters have created
no end of discussion among the sportsmen. Dr. C. H. Bell, who
extracts teeth; C. F. Fuller;' who handles .drugs; G. F. Miller,
an upholsterer; Roy Fuller. Dr. , R. F. Millar and friend tried
their fortunes in the neighborhood of Pleasanton. On Friday
of last week. the sextet departed from this city with high hopes
. and two wagons. Owing to the strike they, were unable to se
''cure the. necessary vehicles to carry their guns, freight and
selves into the happy hunting grounds. In order to make the
trip Dr. Bell engaged a waffle wagon. The eight of this pecu
liar shaped vehicle, laden with men, guns and dogs, created no
end of surprise to the residents of the towns through which
they passed. The signs on the wagon had not been removed,
nor had the bell used for attracting attention to the wares on
sale. The occupants of the waffle wagon refrained from using
the bell, as they carried no "dough" and were not able to "make
good." They arrived at Pleasanton in good season and then
went In search of deer. Their luck was as good as that en
joyed by other sportsmen. Their stay was a delightful one,
' but their home-coming was not. In fact, Mr.' Miller, who was
driving the waffle wagon, ditched the vehicle and snapped one
of the springs. They managed, however, to reach the boat in
fairly good condition and the party was congratulating . itself
on soon being home. A reception awaited them on this side that
they did not bargain for. It was Sunday night and quite foggy,
but the strikers were ever watchful, and believing the driver of
the wafHe wagon to be a non-union man, proceeded to call him
a "scab." As the wagon slowly moved up Market street the
driver was greeted with choice words of abuse. Small boys
took up the cry of "scab" and followed the vehicle for many
blocks. The unhappy hunters bore the abuse and at the first
opportunity turned down a side street to avoid observation. The
st^ory of their ride has become public property and the sports
men have come in for their share of chaffing at the hands of
their friends. .
Dove shooting is not as good as in former years. According
to sportsmen it '¦; too late in the season for these birds."
Doves are reported to be In number along Lindsay and Steam
boat creeks. There Is very little flight, however. The birds
roost in the trees and seem contented to stay there.
J. M. Duke went to Bodega last week and bagged thirty-five
doves in two days. •
Otto Feudner, the Olympic Gun Club's crack shot, has chal
lenged H. A. Webb for the Phil Bekeart trophy. They will
probably contest at Ingleside to-day. It' will be a 10O-blrd race.
Jack McGovern. the well-known turfite, has Just returned
from a dove-hunting: expedition to LIvermore. He reports that
game is plenty and that a good shot can spend several days
there and kill birds enough to keep the wolf from the door for
several days. McGovern says a good dog is the main thing in
Llvermore and saya that as his dog Collls is the "best ever"
he could not help being successful.
Warm WeatKer ar\d Poor Gor\dH:ioi\ of tke Dogs
Pre^erxt tke j(illir\g of Deer.
MANY OBSTACLES CONFRONT
THE LOCAL DEER HUNT.
H. R. Simpklns' little sloop Mistral is
lying on the beach at Old Sausalito. She
has a deep keel with several hundred
pounds' weight of lead bolted to it, and
is a handy knockabout boat which cost a
good deal to build, but is. for sale for
about the value of the lead on her keel.
The Corinthian sloop Speedwell left
Tiburon last Sunday afternoon for a
cruise up the Sacramento River with T.
Jennings, Ed and Mrs. Howard and Carl
Westerfeld on board. The party returned
to witness the Helen-Presto race yester
day. The sloop Cupid Is earning a repu
tation as the most regular attendant at
club cruises, a reputation that belonged a
eeason or two ago to the yawl Arcturus,
then owned by W. S. Grover.
Next Sunday, August IS. the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club will hold its annual
regatta. Hitherto these events have been
held over a triangular course from the
clubhouse at Sausalito to and round Shag
Rock, thence to and round a stakeboat
anchored off Angel Island, thence to the
clubhouse. This course gave spectators
on the clubhouse piazza an excellent view
of the racing and there were usually some
exciting knockdowns off Hurricane Gulch.
The race this year will be over a new
course, very much the same as the Cor
inthian course, except that the yachts will
sail to leeward instead' of to windward
after starting. The fleet will be divided
into classes according to the racing length
of the craft and It Is expected that almost
every boat enrolled in the club will take
part. It is to be hoped that the schooner
class, which Includes the Lurline, Aggie,
Virginia, White Wings, Ramona, Chlspa
and- Wave, will be well filled, as the
schooners are seldom seen in a race, and
always excit«nnuch interest. t
The San Francisco yacht is being built
from Crownlnshield's designs and will be
sailed several times before the present
season closes. She will be laid up and
'carefully looked after during the 'winter
and next year will challenge for the Per
petual Cup.
The sloop Catherine, formerly owned by
the Sutherland brothers and recently won
In a raffle .by James Sutton, has been sold
to two members of the California Yacht
Club, who sailed her from Sausalito to
Oakland Creek last Sunday. The sloop Is
a fast one and actually won one of the
annual races for the Perpetual Cup, be
ins disqualified because of the inclusion in
the crew of Dan Eustis, a professional
boatman. With a new center-board cas
ing and suit of sails she would be quite
fit to make another try for the PerpetuaJ
Cup, for which the Callfornias have never
yet challenged, though early this season
It was reported that J. T. Carrier's sloop
Jessie E^ would try to win the trophy.
The up-river cruise of the Corinthians
begins next Saturday and the fleet will
rendezvous at Vallejo. on August 24, re
turning to moorings next day.
Next Saturday, August 17, the sloop
Ariel will start from Tiburon for a trip
up the Sacramento River with the fol
lowing on board: J. K. Bulger, J. Keane,
G. P. Aurich. E. - N. Boyle. W. J. Wood.
D. J. Sheehan and A. J. Nicholson. The
first night out the sloop will make Val
lejo, next night she will lie at Suisun,
whence she will pass through Montezuma
Slough into the Sacramento River.
The slocp Pactolus of the California
Yacht Club came to anchor last Sunday
in Tiburon Cove and its crew attended the
Corinthian elam-bake. To-day the Cali
fcrnias have a cruise in the channel on
their schedule. The rendezvous at Mc-
Near's Landing scheduled for the Co
rinthian and San Francisco Yacht clubs
last night was called off, as most of the
yachtsmen of both clubs desired to wit
ness the race for the Perpetual Challenge
Cup.
During the past week a larger fleet of
Fan Francisco yachts made Walnut Grove
its rendezvous than has been seen at one
place on the Sacramento River for a long
while. It is quite an unusual thing for
the owners and crews of half a dozen
yachts to be able to make arrangements
to get their annual holiday at the same
time. The fleet was in command of Vice
Commodore R. S. Bridgman of the sloop
Thetis and included the yawls Royal and
Phs'llis and the sloops Cygnus, Surprise
and . Mischief. W. Humphreys of the
sloop Mischief acted as pilot to the fleet.
YACHTSMEN ENJOY
FINE SAILS ON
THE BAY.
The question of training greyhounds
and fitting them that they might go
through a high-class stake is one on
which there is a diversity of opinion.
The sport of the leash in California has
developed from an almost unpatronized
patne to one that holds sway with our
best attractions. The purses that-recom
pense the owners of winning hounds have
been increased, too, so that now there
Is a strong financial inducement added
to the glory to be won In a stake final.
The conditioning of a dog to the proper
point In training is an Important feature.
Tet the followers of the game know lit
tle or nothing of what is being done be
tween stakes to bring the performers to
the slips ready and worthy to compete
for their backing.
The best of our local trainers are tak
ing more kindly to the English system
and reducing the hard, wearing, rough
work In favor of the shorter and snap
pier exercise. Coursing men like' Sliar
man. Jones. McCaffery and the Curtis
boys have experimented to a great extent
in the endeavor to perfect a system of
training. Running dogs for miles behind
a cart en dusty roads finds no space on
the<r list of rules, for to them the snort
spurt has appealed as the most legiti
mate practice to give the necessary nre,
dash zvA speed.
The method of heavy training that -was
thought the proper thing in the early
davs in local coursing has been tried in
England and found wanting. Competent
judges in the old country were unani
mous in declaring that the speed of the
Purser was sacrificed for a few ounces
of strength. There are many dogs in our
local aggregation that are In the j running
from week to week and on the cards lor
alm^r every stake to which they are
eligible To give them that racking, pun-
SSS work in advance of their events
would mean an early retirement « a even
.take except in the occasional one where
mam strength is depended on to *ni out
on an extraordinary hare. •
Of course, .his does not mean that a
dog's strength should not be deve oped
and this mode of training is applicable
only to hounds that have been at the
game for a. time and that have passed the
preliminary stage
[ Joe Thrift broke away from the manner
of training that was in vogue for such a
long time and as an experiment put the
persistent Brutus through a course ac
cording to the new idea- Stamina was al
ready a pronounced characteristic of the
hound and further development of that
point was deemed unnecessary. The dog
was given only short spurts in his train
ing and the records for that season show
that as a result of the change Brutus fig
ured nine times in the final during the
6< Of °P J. ReiHy's dogs it is said that
when they reach the final their colors
will go up to a certainty if the course is
T long cne. for Rellly keeps his hounds
tell fed aT.d on strong food, which leaves
them in condition for a drawn-out final
to beat the cleverer opponent on main
strength alone. Despite the reputation of
the Reillv kennels in this regard the fact
remains "that speed will win nine times
out of ten. ,
Quite often when the subject of train
ing is mooted. a*nd especially after the
great sprinter Palo Alto has annexed a
etake one can hear the statement plaln
lv made that Geary's dog was not prop
erlv trained. With nothing but praise for
the champion, the speaker will denounce
whPt he terms the careless and lax meth
od of preparing the courser for Ms stakes.
"What a wonder that dog must be, they
areue "to take money in such fast corn
pan v 'when he is but half-trained and
what a greater wonder he would be if he
were handled properly."
While the argument sounds reasonable
the fact is plain on the summary that
Palo Alto made the best showing of last
reason, and besides heading the list of
money making winners broke all previous
records with nine stakes to his credit. To
<the fact that ne is but half-trained in his
I engagements Palo Alto owes his standing
' ss a breadwinner, for his case Is one of a
few that have proved exceptions to the
regular methods of preparation. He per
forms better under the training that is
better fitted to his peculiar habits.
Instances where dogs practically un
trained have gone through stakes to a
successful final are not uncommon in Ens
land The result has always caused com
ment, as in the case of Palo Alto, and
would finally suggest the theory that the
showing could be improved with the
benefit of hard work. In every case the
training and feeding in the manner laid
down by rule proved the undoing of the
dog 'and left him unfitted to perform up
to the usual standard.
Our home records will bear witness to
instances where untrained hounds have
captured honors in stakes where their op
ponents were the pick of the season. Right
Bower, a. youngster of 15 or 19 months,
had been at a ranch running about as he
pleased and with no prospect of an en
gagement in an event, for a time at least-
J R. Dlcksons had a nomination In the
Merced meeting, but gave it no attention
until quite late. He w,ent in search of an
able dog to run in his name but could not
secure one. Rather than give up his priv
ilege In the stake and as a last resort he
named Right Bower, after having secured
the owner's consent to run him. * Right
i Bower was shipped to Merced to take part
In the meeting, though he was untrained
»nd considered no chance at all. He went
through, the stake, however, and won a
legitimate victory. Vv' y_X
There are many greyhounds who, start
ing t» a stake above themselves, manage
to survive a couple of courses, and im
proving as they go on. run themselves into
perfect condition. In England's big Water
loo Miss Glendyne ran her two first
courses in slovenly Btyle. but improved
and was perfectly fit when she reached
the final, where she displayed the finest of
A local instance Is that If Firm Friend.
The greyhound had been trained hard
but could make no showing. A bench
ehow being in progress Firm Friend
was placed on exhibition and held until
the closing of the show. He was entered
in an open stake and was run without fur
ther training. He celebrated his release
from the exhiMtion by taking first honors
¦*¦ the event in easy style.
TRAINING HOUNDS
TO BE STAKE
WINNERS.
".- ¦ - i . ¦¦ ¦ . , ¦ '
THE SUNDAY c^LIi.
9
MIDSUMMER SPORTS ON MOUNTAIN
FIELD AND WAVE¦¦¦¦-'-.-¦ - . .- ¦
THE StTNI>AY CALL.
but they rarely make any extended trips
as the tides and currents are- so strong
as to render such excursions somewhat
risky. -Indeed, even men who are well ac
customed to handling the oara often have
quite a struggle to get around Belveder*
Point when the tide is running against
them. Few ladies are better known In
Tiburor. Cove than the Misses O'Brien,
sisters-in-law of Port Captain John H.
Keefe. They are regular attendants at
all entertainments of the Corinthian
Yacht Club' to which ladies are admitted
and use a pair of sculls quite handily.
The Seven Bells is the swell yacht
owned and sailed by Mr. and Mrs. Andrew
Thorne. They . spend many happy hours
aboard/Sometimes they are accompanied
by several guests. All envy the fortunate
ones who receive an invitation.
Miss Elizabeth Chapman «*s a skilled
sailor maid, who keeps her "weather eye"
open. She loves the waves and ocean
breezes. They are lucky who ,occupy the
cockpit while she stands at the wheel.
Dr. Haslacher is one of the most enthusi
astic yachtsmen on the bay and he is oc
casionally accompanied by his charming
wife. She would rather stay ashore,
though, when the. sea is choppy and plan
cruises and . cheer some "discouraged
novice.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Mattoon. Miss
Mangin, Miss Eleanor Mangin, Miss Helt
man. Miss Kettler, Miss Kennedy, Miss
Majbel Hopkins and j Miss Johnson are
prominent among those skilled and Inter
ested in yachting.
: The clubhouse around which ladies are
mo3t frequently seen in this bay is the
Encinal Yacht Club house at Alameda: but
they go the re chiefly in the mornings fcr
Lathing aril in the evenings for social di
version. The Encinal Yacht Club owns
so few yachts now that sailing is but in
unimportant part of its activities. Tha
Encinal and the San Francisco Yacht
clubs are the only two which give dances
during the season, the Corinthians giving
one on the afternoon of opening day only.
But the San* Franciscos have found that,
while their dances are well attended and
apparently much enjoyed, few of their
own members come, so that the benefit to
the club is slight. A clam bake recently
given at Paradise Cove by some energetic
members of the club was so successful
and provided so. much entertainment that
it has been decided to eliminate the dance
set down on the programme for Septem
ber 14 and substitute a clam bake, which
will be managed by the club officers.
Yachting has not been in so flourishing
a condition for 'many years in San Fran
cisco Bay as now. All the clubs are gain
ing in membership and there is plenty of
enthusiasm. The Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association has been re-established
the Misses Clay.- They are "every inch"
sailors. ; They can^ "feather" their oars
with the skill of a veteran and can do a
trick at the wheel or trim the sails as well
as a first class naval apprentice/;* Almost
any pleasant day they, can be seen cruis
ing around in their trim little yacht, the
Pactolus. ,'- Occasionally their father and
mother take a short trip with them.
Among ladies who are really fond of
yachting may be mentioned Mrs. Frank
Bartlett, whose husband owned the yacht
Dawn, then the sloop Queen and who v is
now part owner of the sloop Spray. Mr.
and Mrs. Bartlett have made several trips
up" the Sacramento River and have prob
ably been up every creek and stream
flowii.jt into the bay^where thero is water
enough to sail. Ed Bartlett,- Frank's
brother, was for several years owner of
'the large yawl Frolic, and during that
time Mr 3. Ed Bartlett was constantly out
on the. bay; 'indeed, .she is probably the
handiest woman on a yacht to be found
in these waters.. Another enthusiastic
sailor woman is'Mrs. Young, wife. of Alex
J. Young, formerly commodore of the Co
rinthian Yacht Club and still part owner
. of the large sloop Clara. : . Miss Roberta
Clay,- daughter of Allen M. Clay, presi
dent of the Pacific Interclub Yacht Asso-'
elation, ex-commodore of the California
•Yacht Club and owner of the sloop Pac
tolus, regularly sails on' her father's bo<it
and never dreams of getting squeamish.
It. is said that she can niake sail on the
yacht and cast off from ,the moorings
without masculine help of any kind.
George D. Campbell of the San Francisco
Yacht Club, who has sailed- the 1 cutter
Folly for the last two or -three seasons,
but who is now in Alaska, frequently had
his wife as his sole companion during his
sailing trips. Dr. T. Lr. Hill, ex-commo
dore of the : San \Yacht Club
and owner formerly of the sloop Grade,
but now of the sloop Cygnus, is a fervent
believer in the practice ¦ of husbands and
wives joining in the. same recreation and
pastimes; hence Mrs. "Tom" Hill, with
h*'~ intimate friend, 'Mrs. "Charley" Hill,
takes frequent sailing .trips— indeed, at
the time of writing she is on a summer
cruise -up the Sacramento River. Secre
tary W. I M. Edgell of the San Francisco
Yacht Club. is often accompanied by Mrs.
Edgell, ar-d the children. i.Irs. Bridgman
and. Miss Ethel Bridgman are often seen
on the sloop_ Thetis, which is . owned by
B. S. ' Bridgman, vice commodore of tha
San Francisco Yacht Club.
Corinthian Yacht Club has a large
boathouse, with accommodation for sixty
or seventy small. boats, and several of the
members own . rowing craft. 1 • In Tiburon
Cove or off the Sausalito shore ladies ar©
often seen pulling 'around in rowboats.
yacht owners from such an extended
cruise. Therefore cruising and .yachting
around San Franci3oo Bay. becomes a
risky sport. So we have reason to be
proud when we can say that our girls can
handle a yacht with great success in this
treacherous bay ¦ •• '"'.''
is kind to the yachting people of
California, in one particular at, least— she
gives them almost perpetual sunshino.
Boats can be -sailed the year round. Sail
ing in^ winter en San Francisco Bay is
sometimes even more enjoyable than in
the summer. The fierce wind "dies^ down
and the choppy sea is subdued, the* trade
winds having less Influence.
When a long trip is desired the girls
generally prefer a cruise to Mare Island
or Benicia; but sometimes when crossing
San Pablo Bay in the afternoon the eea
is very rough. Then the girls work with
the boys like beavers..' It Is enough to
frighten you to see a bold sailor girl run
ning along tse very edge of the flush
deck. But she has method in her mad
ness. She is as sure-footed as e. ; squirrel
in a tree. The beat may roll and toss like
a shell, the waves may sweep the deck,
but our girl is game.- '". "" . .
A jolly, chatty crowd In the cockpit Is
sometimes surprised by a shower bath of
sea water, but the girl tar laughs through
It as gayly as her "brother and minds -it
no* a whit more.' \ ~ • .
All club, members, as well as tfteSr fair
"mates," keep the season going in" a jolly
fashion from April to November.
Sunday sees all the clubs well represent
ed on the bay. Sometimes there it a clam
bake near El Campo or, Paradise Cove,
much to the ladies' delight.
The members of the clubs are mostly
young men, exceedingly fond of the sport,
full of; enthusiasm and always eager to
receive the girls on board. If there are
not enough girls to go around there is
Often a hot contest for the honor of tak-r
ing the, fair Llptonites as passengers.
These passengers are adepts at learning
the art ef sailing.' They can fill any of
fice about the yacht, from, skipper to cab
in "boy." -
Many of the clubs have good facilities
for bathing, having a number of dressing
rooms near the clubhouses and Jieing care
ful to provide ropes and other necessary
articles for the sporti '
Dances and-' parties ' are enjoyed with
much enthusiasm by both sexes, the girls
rinding especial ' enjoyment • in . arranging
cotillons, , short: plays,* light operas arid
the like. Amusement, "¦ gayety and high
jinks are never lacking. /'
Open dates are always- devoted to the
ladies,; and > over " half .'-" th» programmed
events each year are given to thenV^'Jp'-*
Two representative types of the Tommy
Upton girls among the Calif orniana are
/"-"Y AN FKANCISCO girls are no longer
Vex rare articles on board of yachts.
V J Sevefial years ago they, were re
r*"^ garded"-with curiosity; now you
may see them wherever a sail flut
ters, dressed as the real sailor girl should
be— in skirt and blouse, with rubber-soled
ties peeping from under. short skirt and; a
darK wool "Tam" covering wavy looks. /
With hair flying, skirts blowing in the
strong breeze, the girl tar grasps tha
'wheel with her strong brown hands and
brings her "hard a-lee," fairly bubbling
over with pride in her skill.
Formerly the ' "old salts" were shocked
at the fair maid's daring- and declared she
was tempting fate. At any moment they
expected to be capsized.
i Perhaps there, is no sport which inter
ests the San Francisco girl as ' much *s
yachting. What does she care if her soft
tresses are blown from their fastenings
and stream out ¦ f ron*. her head like the
dub pennant from, the masthead? What
does she care if face and hands are
brown or neck is tanned? She is the
Tomnay Lipton girl always. .- She is a
happy combination of the "IJpton and
Iselin types. She talks and cheers while
ehe Likes the wheel; she graces the boat
wlven she bosses the crew. She is a hard
"master," but an a.dored companion.
This girl can sail a boat like a commo
dore. As a jolly tar she is a big success,
atnd . her society Is eagerly sought. She
"makes good" in everything- she under
takes.' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ : .
Our girls believe that yachting Is the
most rational diversion; is a natural
¦olace for the active mind, and is the
means by which their physical: equilib
rium is best restored af£er a racking win
ter season.
The charm «f yachting Testa a great
ideal 7 on its uncertainty. Air and water
elements are elusive and changeable, and
ene must keep eye on mainsail and hand
on wheel when she strikes a thirty-knot
breeze. - '"-.-.
There is excitement, there must bt ac
tivity, but withal is a delightful sense of
rastfulness and comfort. -
, San Franoisc© Bay, being tho only har
bor of any nize or this coast, is of course
the headquarters of California yachting,
and most of th« flaera that float from the
masts are those of the. San .Francisco,
Corinthian, California, Oakland and South
Bay Yacht dub«. -
The .yachts of these^clubs rarely venture
•utside the HejMla, owing to the violence
of the wind* and roughness of the seas.
Of course there are a few: large yachti
that so out arid down t» Santa Barbara.
Beyond Point Bonita «here la', a , heavy
¦well that elves "cold feet" even. ¦ te " the
boldest yachtsmen. V . .
The heavy sea foar^which is often en
counteredon the "outside" deters many
10
.this season and is bov ea t, firmer and
more satisfactory basis than ever before.
A race for the Perpetual Challenge Cup
took place yesterday and already on* Is la
sight for 1902, the San Francisco Yacht
Club having already set to work to- build
a fin-keel racing yacht from designs by.
Crowninshield of Boston, with, -which to
challenge the winners and present hold
ers of the trophy, which is regarded u
the blu© ribbon of local yachting.
As most of the yachts owned In this >«.y
are of only moderate size, ladies do not
usually take trips overnight. The favorite
destination for a day's sail Is Paradise
Cove, between California City and El
Campo,' for there good holding ground is
found for the anchor, and the shore offers
fine opportunities for an, al fresco lunch
eon under the trees and a pleasant stroll
afterward. McNears Landing is anothe*
pretty spot, where a dance may be en
joyed and a bath taken In an enclosed
pool, the water of which is warmer than
that of the outside bay. A mile or so from
the dance hall is a Chinese shrimp- fishers'
camp and a considerable settlement o£
Mongolians. The curious methods of dry
ing and winnowing the- shrimps,, and the
strange craft employed In the industry
are always interesting.
There is a woman who navigates a "real
live tug," the Ethel and Marion, In the
waters of the bay of San Francisco. Her
husband, Captain Charles Thorrold, was
a veteran in the business and Mrs. Thor- -
rold was his ever present companion. Sh»
learned every rope, every signal, every
"freak" on the stanch little craft- When
her husband died she assumed complete
control of the tug. She could not do|any
regular business at first with ship owners
because she possessed no legal right to do
so. She employed a "figurehead" master
to go with her, and although his salary
took a snug sum out of the receipts, she
had money to bank. Later she got her
license.
In talking about her first venture she
said:
"I had thought of this move for two or
three years after my husband's death."
Somehow or other I was deterred from
making a decisive move until my children
voted for it so enthusiastically that I
yielded. In fact, my husband was unfor
tunate in his financial transactions and
when he died I had only a moderate In
come. All these circumstances brought
about my decision.
"I thought of other women In the 'city
who were entering upon a- legitimate bus
iness career, some as doctors, some as
lawyers, some as storekeepers; why not
as sailing- masters?" »
Why not, indeed? Mrs. Thorrold has
proved that there. is a new and success
ful occupation for the woman who wiU. '^
* * m /
UP TO-DATE JOLLY LADY TARSMany kinds of yachting women ar«r
there. .There is the sort that can 'never
yacht at all because of. town duties; ther»
is the girl who cannot - get | away from
home for a breath of the sea; there is the
woman who •, must ( plan the tri-daily
spread and - the woman who must rock
the cradle. But they are yachting women;
just the same,, for they read yachting and
they talk yachts; and, over the cradle and.
the | tablec\oth, they -hum yachting j songs
of the deep ;. blue' sea , which brings tha
white-winged boats hearer.
and she plans yachting joys which nuuca
you think she is a yachtswoman, though/
well she knows that not for worids would
she go to sea. ' .
' The Woman Who Stays Home.
It is she who thinks of a sea food soup
and she who knows' how the J finny tribe
can 'best be turned to good account In the
setting of a friendly board.' J She^ never
overdoes the matter, this ; lady tar, but
she provides ; a dinner which , the yachts
man eats .and . over which he thanks : his
sails. that he is on land. once mom -
The lady , tar gets up cup race dances
wears many a yachting sign of ths lady
tar ana even her underwear Is embroid
ered with, anchors. Her watch charm is
an anchor and anchors appear upon her
sleeves and spring. miraculously into view
upon her jacket, shirt and skirt.: She is
quite a wonder in enthusiasm,. the jolly
lady tar.
It is to the 'lady tar that the yachtsman
who * goes : to sea : owes ¦ his j good . times
ashore. At best, yachting is but a -dry
occupation, and, : even : while engaged in
the excitement of the sail, the yachtsman
is planning his dinner at home. He knows
that the jolly lady tar will not forget him.
- This jolly lady tar is always ¦ perfectly
gowned and to look at her one would
know that she was a yachtswoman. She
j There is another type of yachtswoman,
one you' frequently see these -days. She
knows nothing about yachting, but she
dresses as a jolly lady tar and she lives
ashore. She doesn't go aboard "the boat,
but stays on land and talks yacht. It is
she who gives yachting luncheons and she
who attends yachting suppers, and she
who is authority on the menus for yacht
ing dinners. . •
She is ! a law unto herself, the society
type, a piece of j charming femininity,
something one cherishes and loves, and
it is she who generally lands the yachts
man as her own; she'who gets a husband
when the others wait for a proposal.
The Jolly Lady Tar.
To the society type the man who- can
sail a yacht is 'a hero, and it is she who,
on account of her great, appreciation, is
invited to go when others are either left
ashore or put aboard the observation
boat, which is heaVy.and goes ponderous
ly upon' its way" without the terrifying
duckings of the little yacht, v
¦ail of a tipping little katydid of a yacht
is too mucn to be born with equanimity.
But one must get used to all things cup
years.
rrw NT) now it is th« yachting girl.
f I The golf girl has put away her
f-— 4 cleek and banished her caddy;
V, I the piazza girl has forgotten to
X pose; the hammock girl has risen
from, her attitude of gracefulness and
has sprung into activity; the tennis girl
has forgotten her racket, while all have
joined with, a unanimity in the one great
interest of the day. which is yachting.
The yachting girl is ever so nautical.
She knows all about the sails and' can
talk of them and their peculiarities to
you by the hour. She thoroughly under
stands the art of boat building and she
knows all the tricks of yacht sailing,
from the minute the yacht is launched
and Elides down her ways, to the time
when, sails in trim shape, she Is laid
aside and goes Into drydock for the win
ter.
It is the fashion to be a yachting girl
nowadays, and the girl who made It a
practice to carry her racket In the street,
or who enjoyed lugging the caddy, now
prefers to wear a yachting gown and to
appear in public In the full Insignia of her
yachting glory.'
The Tommy Lipton Giri.
There are several kinds of yachting
girls, Just as there are varieties in the
sands of the sea. There is the fragile
girl who sits one side and sips lemonade
and gin cocktails; and then there is the
Tommy Lipton girl, the one who can get
out upon the deck and boss things. She
3 loves to ship as mates mate, and she
likes nothing better than handling the
ropes. She is generally pretty, the Tom
my Lipton girl, or she would not be tol
erated, but, as it is. they are glad to
have her around, because she is so
amusing, though she does make trouble
and is awfully in the way.
The Tommy Lipton girl is a product of
America. They would not own her
abroad. Lady Dufferin. who knows a
thing or two about yachts, and Mrs.
Lucy Carnegie, who Is the cleverest
yachtswoman in the world, are quite dif
ferent from the Tommy Lipton girl, and
would not presume where fhe hesitates
not to rush in. But they all love her,
from the cup defender down to the cap
tain, and from the captain to the sail
or*, so she continues to hold sway. On
every yacht you can see her.
The English yachtswoman is quite a
different order from the American type.
She Is extremely secluded. Lily Langtry
Is quite an excellent example of the true
English sailing woman. She loves to
lounge on deck and to languidly sniff the
K2.lt air. but when the breezes blow she
generally goes below, and. like Joseph
Porter. K. C. B., of "Pinafore" fame, is
mere for ornament than for actual use.
But the Englishman prefers bis woman
that way. He likes her as an ornament,
pot as an assistant. /To her he is an
austere companion, and, when she ap
pears upon his own ground, as the deck
of a yacht must be regarded by an Eng
• lishman, she Is there on tolerance, on,
¦itiuff ranee, on Invitation, but never * to
The society type becomes dreadfully
seasick on a small yacht, for she is used
to sailing or steaming in a yacht tne size
of a palatial hotel, and to sit under the
The society type comes from Newport.
All In softest and most perishable mate
rials, she steps atoard the yacht, and with
a little scream becomes righted and pre
pares to tnjoy the day. .
The society type of yachtswoman, is a
very friendly one. She is not such a s'ood
sailor, but phe" '.b such a good fellow. With
an" American flag in one hand and the
Stars and Stripes back of her, she will sit
and sip claret lemonades and listen. She is
an excellent listener, this society type,
and you like her because ehe hears your
sea stories and laughs at and appreciates
them.
It is this type that cheers you on in
spite of discouragement. In the calm mo
ments, when no progress can be made, she
jests, and when the adverse winds blow
Ehe tells you how to turn them your way.
"It is like life," she reminds you— "the
winds. It depends upon the way you
handle them. All yachts have sails; yet
some boats go one and some go another
way— all propelled by the same wind."
Her logic is supreme; her good ch"eer is
infectious. .
The mascot is a never-to-be-forgotten
thing in the chronicles of yacht tailing.
Without it no favoring wind can puff;
with it the sails inflate and the yacht
sails swift, even in the teeth of the gale.
The Boat's Mascot.
Should the breezes blow and an icy blast
strike across the decks she slips below
and comes out brave in a sealskin coat;
should the wind die down and a calm lie
over the water, while the sails hang list
lessly, it is she who throws off the seal
coat and gets into a mysterious jacket,
which seems <=omehow to bring cooling
thoughts with it. She is always comfort
able, the Mrs. Iselin type, and, what is
more, sho has always a mascot with her.
The Mrs. Iselin type carries an immense
wardrobe with her, but it is an outside
wardrobe, ready to be slipped on or taken
off at a second's notice. It consists not of
gowns, but wraps, and she is proof against
colds, coughs and consumption.
The Mrs. Iselin type Is an inveterate
yachtswoman. She does not "dress" at all,
but wears one suit always; usually she se
lects a dark blue, because it does not
show the weather and because it looks as
rice at one time as another.
Tho Mrs. Iselin type of yachtswoman is
a most charming creature. She is aboard
yacht not to command, but to chter. She
is pretty always, and vivacious very. She
is a woman who is ready to entertain at
any time and who is always entertained,
whether any one is entertaining her or
not. £he has a smile, the Mrs. Iselin type,
and she is chtpper and cheery from morn
ing to night.
The Mrs. Iselin Type.
boss. No Englishwoman handles the ropes
unless It be languidly and with laughter,
uncertainly, and with masculine guidance.
THE StXNDAY CALL.
The Tommy Lipton girl is popular thesw
days,' even though she makes herself num«
erous'aboard ship, but so also is the homa
yachting woman, for. to her enthusiasm
as much as to the Tommy Liptoh grirl'a
assistance,; do the great international cup
races owe their success.
JLIIGUSTA PRESCOT3*
11
AND THEIR BROTHER SAILORSMrs.' Belle Conrad has another spleri-*
did collection' that she made while travel- \
\ ing over the\Continent. Hers : do not run I
; to scenery or types 'as much as national
. emblems. ; The French flower , ; the British ; ¦
' arms,- the German flag's and'th'e numeroui
¦ Swiss coats-of-arms are' all there.\ - .
Some' of the ; best: postals In: town ar© '
' owned by' Mabel ¦ Hopkins, Laura Derisbn,
'W.' Mitchell Bunker.^Horace V.vDeming, .'
'Daisy Van Ness/ Helen Wright,' Blanche
Davis, 'Bessie "Ames, Katherine Dillon and
Marie .Wells.: ¦¦¦ v . •'¦..-., :-_;•»>¦¦¦.¦•.
. One'| can ..learn all kinds of things from
these-play. letters/ A'- good .collection 13 '
I better." than any | tfook: on I travel that J lias -
-ever .-been * compiled, > for 'somehow such ¦
reading seems: like .work and: is' speedily
: forgotten.. The postals are \ intensely : in-'
•teresting,' and. nothing f escapes "and noth-'
;ing is ever forgotten. Maybe, that Is one >
* reason why they are -becoming so popular. >
- ¦¦') .-- . . •' . i ¦•¦¦'¦¦•- •.¦•.: ;-¦-.
'^^ UITE the latest caper la to follow
I | your friends about Europe/It may
Vwi sound a bit difficult at first, but in
JP\ reality you , may sit at home ¦ in .
your most comfortable chair, toast- %
Ing your toes | before a cheerful flre.-j and.'
keep track of them just the samei -
And that is exactly what most of us are -
doing, ; keeping tab on the . goings arid
comings ; : of those • who are lucky enough
to vwritVa hurried scrawl on the queer
looklng'vpostal cards .that most* every
European city boasts of. %£ '
- Besides being extremely '. unique they are
the most" convenient- things that were
ever Invented. ' Letter , haters who . thor
oughly detest writing a dutiful billet doux
have found them a j/Sy. forever; for they
tell better than words can all about the
place. Arid, going one better still, they
convey the distinct idea that in all the,
hurry and flurry of sight-seeing one has''
been remembered. -There is a great deal ¦•
In .that, you know. 7. It is no trouble tc I
drop oneheje and there: along! the : route,
and jjltf certainly '¦'. is a ¦ paying propositions
when, It tickles one's friends so mightily.^
A '."postal r . with "Napoli"' or "Le Mont ;
Cerwin" onit looks. terribly important and
may fill you .' with awe; ' or a. Dutchman
chuckling with glee over a stein of.beer
and saying "zwei" may amuse you for ;a
minute, and then remind you that ;> you ,
are certainly a badly. abused individual "
because you can't scatter the same things
broadcast. Either way : the postal" prob
ably has'f'hello" and "good-by" on it, and ;
maybe the date squeezed in. .For Ithe ..
dealers are-more than. thoughtful and put
on everything that is necessary, and often
Just a little bit more. :."¦ .. ,. :
. The very latest card has a photograph
of the sender on .'it— o»e of those. "made
while you wait" kiiyl. Needless s to say,
they are more 'popular V than any other'
kind, but not nearly. as plentiful.: The idea
will probably be carried out here by the
camera fiend with the aid of a common,/:
ordinary postal card. They are not half- '
bad. Try it and see. : * :
The. fad- to gather these - postals hai
.proved to be more than a. passing fancy.
Only those who are patient can make any j$
kind of a showing, and they 'are. really the :
; ones that count. The ; fly-away -trifler rare
ly can wait six months or a, year.> There ¦¦
are far too many hobbies that they can •
ride at a 2:40 pace. and get in at a quick
finish.
iDr. E.'H. Mattner of San Francisco has '
more than a good collection, as one can see •
by looking at the pafe. All of i these cards |
are ¦ from his collection. , He counts them
by . the hundreds, and then -holds, up five 3
.fingers. -Five hundr*d, and every one dif- ' •
f erent ¦. . meens that' he ; has visited just • a' |
few 1 places They begin in' London and
¦wind" up in "Japan, and in all that territory :.'•
there is hardly a' place of interest that is 1
not repreoented.* ' ¦ . - - '
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
THE
POSTAL CARD
FADPages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22f
Continued on Page Fifteeau
u. Continued .'on Page ¦ Fourteen. 1 -
Being, found ..out has ; made great men
small in : tho eyes of the. world. Stealing
$2S3,000 In a; single nighfls no mean "¦•¦un
dertaking 1 — but just to steal It and nothing
more makes no great [ episode . of j crime. *
The big criminals of • the world : have • al
ways covered up their tracks with pains-:
taking Industry. '.. No one man had 'ever'
before /done such work .as 'Jack .Winters
Bingle handed. After,; securinff bullion;
which,: If ;a : quarter. :of : a; million, dollars
would bej deducted ; there. from', would still
leave a fortune, he threw^it away-'asif It
world.. He was a brilliant, scintil
lating star for two days. All his stellar
criminal glory, resplendent In the rising,
was dimmed and clouded by. a seating that
marks as strong an anti-climax as has
ever come -under the eyes of professional
detectives. Jack ; Wlnters was a master
mechanic, nothing, more. . ¦,./;>;.>::
. «r ACK WINTERS, otherwise "Buck
H Taylor," and sometimes "Butter
¦ - ,H u^ e >" no longer occupies a
<a |§ P^ ac e In the multiples of the seven
S&J6? times wonders . of the criminal
The'; theftl consummated Winters," seem
ingly .without a defined plan, dropped the
bullion \ in i shallow water not. . more than
250 ( yards from the scene. of the robbery. 1
Discovery"; of . the gold • was Vertain at no
remote date,' for the , losers had; already^
determined k to search- the ' shore where the
Robbery Fizzles Out.
meant nothing and he had never Intended
to retain it ; for any. use/.
fc mj il HERE Is no disposition on the
r_B^^. part of the authorities of Con-
H '¦ tr * ?° sta County *? allowJWin
\ yH.. tersto escape punishment for
1 ' "^^" ¦ the robbery of the bullion vault
¦of the Selby Smelter Works,
statements to the contrary notwithstand
ing. ' . !¦ •
i Sheriff Veale and Constable Moiles of
Crockett stated yesterday that they would
put the machinery , of the : law.: In motion
against Winters and bring him to trial. '
i ' Durlne the early hours of the mornlns
yesterday, when Veale and Moiles threw
down the gauntlet to ex-Chief of Pollca
Lees and warned him not to take their
prisoner out of the jurisdiction of . thd
county of Contra Costa. Veale stated em
phatically that he would prosecute "Win
ters to the end.
Although' Sheriff Veale was excited
•when he the evident plan of
Lees to win the glory of-running down
the location of 'the stolen gold, he said'
Master Mechanic in Boring a Tunnel and Gutting Out an^ Entrance
Into the; Safe, but Amateur im Covering
Promised Short Term and^ Money Consideration f 017 Confession'
Sheriff; of Contra Costa County Says He
; r AYill Bring /the Robber to
; Trial in : the County Seat at Martinez
OFFICERS AND WORKMEN
WANT WINTERS PUNISHED
ROBBER OF SELBY VAULT TELLS HOW
HE WORKED HIS SCHEME DAY BY DAY
SKETCH FROM LIFE HADE BY A CALL ARTIST AS JACK WINTERS SHOWS THE DETECTIVES WHERE" TO GRAPPLE FOR THE GOLD.
"JACK" WINTERS ASSISTS
IN RECOVERY OF GOLD
Continued on Page Fourteen.
IT was with UtUe trouble that one
• half of the stolen bullion from the
Selby Smelting Works was recov
' ered from the waters of the Car
l quinez Straits yesterday, from the
spot near the coal bunkers at Val
lejo Junction where Winters had dumped
his booty.
After the wordy war between Lees and
Seymour on the one side and Sheriff Veale
or Contra Costa County and Constable
of Crockett on the other as to the
possession of Winters and the sharing of i
One-Half of Bullion Buried , on the Shore
of the Bay Near Vallejo Junction Fished
Out of the Water by Selby Workmen
the reward "of t23,000, all parties patched
up a truce and at 2 In the morning ¦went
on board the tug Sea Witch, lying at the
wharf of the sugar refinery at Crockett I
"Winters was not in^the party- that left
the Hotel Crockett fcr the tug. He was
not taken off the tug at any time in the
night and when the sleuths- were at war
over the division of the reward/ Winters
was on the tugr carefully guarded by De
tective Crockett.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 11, "l901^ramTY-TWG PAGES;
VOLUME XC-NO. 72.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DETECTIVES AND WORKMEN FISH UP SHINING GOLD BRICKS FROM THE MUD
WHILE WINTERS LENDS A HELPING HAND TO RECOVER BULLION THAT HE STOLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLWINTERS AIDS IN RECOVERING GOLD
The employes of the manufacturing de
partment of the firm of A. Schilling & Co.
were notified yesterday that their wages
¦were increased 10 oer, cent, to take effect
at once. The employes of this firm have
for a long time been given the advantages
of the nine-hour day.
Ten Per Cent Increase in Wages.
A portion of the refuse which had ac
cumulated on the streets of the city since
the beginning of the sand' teamsters'
strike was removed yesterday. Gray
Bros., the contractors .who have the con
tract for street cleaning, in response to
the demands of the Board of Public
Works, put about sixty men to work yes
terday morning. Although this force was
but one-third of the former number that
were engaged in street sweeping, they
succeeded in rendering the streets in the
business portion of the city fairly sani
tary.
Eight wagons were pressed Into service
to carry off the sweepings. They were all
driven by owners and as yet no complaint
has been lodged by the union with the
Board of Public Works. The men did not
require police protection. There was but
one sprinkler at work and in some places
the. streets were sprinkled by hand. Thi«
mode of laying the dust will be used to
a still greater extent to-morrow, jf more
sprinklers can be secured. ...
The sweepers, sprinklers and wagons
will be kept at work to-day and a'n at
tempt will .be made to have the streets
thoroughly sprinkled and swept to-mor
row morning before business hours.
Are Cleaned.
Part of the Busiest Thoroughfares
STREET-SWEEPERS AT WORK.
President Longshore of the Sand Team
sters' Union said the matter of settling
the trouble would be carefully considered
at a meeting to be held this afternoon.
Several speakers counseled wise action
on both sides.
Representatives of the Sand Teamsters'
Union then, spoke. AH urged the mem
bers of the association to do what they
could to secure a recognition of the de
mands of the strikers by the Employers'
Association.
Charles A. "Warren Bald the sentiment of
the members of the association was not
one of opposition to the principles of
unionism, but he believed the teamsters
could • subserve no purpose by continuing
their strike.
J. W. McDonald of the City Street Im
provement Company made an address, in
whicti -he said there was no valid reason
why' the sand teamsters should have
walked out, thereby crippling the build
ing trades and causing distress to hun
dreds of deserving mechanics and their
families. He thought that if the matter
were left to, a vote of the union Instead
of to the judgment of a handful of labor
leaders the teamsters would go to work
on Monday morning. He urged the strik
ers to reconsider their action and bring to
a close what must prove to be a dis
astrous action for all concerned if unduly
prolonged. ( '
• Exchange on Bush street last
night, during which the probability of ef
fecting peace between the .warring inter
ests was discussed pro and con. F. L.
Sheerin, vice president of the Contracting
Teamsters' Association, presided. About
100 persons were presant. .
A CONFERENCE, of the ~ Contract
ing Teamsters' Association and
the Sand .Teamsters* Union was
held at the rooms of the Builders*
Strikers Urged to Resume
Work and Prevent Further
Injury to Building Trades
Conference of Contracting
Teamsters' Association With
the Sand Teamsters' Union
CONTRACTORS
MAKE A PLEA
FOR PEACE
Continued From Page Thirteen.
ROBBER OF SELBY VAULT TELLS,
The industrial conciliatory committee of
the Municipal League held a. meeting- yes
terday in room 76 of the Flood building
for the purpose of formulating some plan
by which the strikers and their former
employers might be Induced to settle their
differences. The situation was thoroughly
discussed and after the meeting the com
mittee issued the following statement:
"The committee has arrived at a line of
policy which will be presented to both
sides. Through this plan it Is hoped to
effect an honest settlement."
lates a Plan,
HOPES TO EFFECT PEACE.
t ' ' --- — ~- ¦ — A* Vf i^7
Municipal League Conamittee*Tormu-
George Renner. manager of the Dray
men's Association, stated /yesterday that
the Police Commissio'ners have promised
The members of the Draymen's Associa
tion'received notification yesterday to the
effect that on next Tuesday, because of
the primary election, police protection. .will,
be withdrawn from the wagons," and:
trucks. Policemen also will be withdrawn
from the danger district in the railroad
yard around the teamsters' headquarters
on Fourth street and from the water front.
They will be needed to guard the polls. Be
cause of the withdrawal of the police the
draymen have decided not to allow a
single team to leave the stables/ on Tues
day.. The day, as far as draying is con
cerned, will be a holiday. < r
Hundred Specials Tuesday Night
Commissioners Will Swear In Two
MORE POLICEMEN FOR TRUCKS
firebrand threatening the safety of the whole
community. For these reasons, and for many
others we respectfully request your Honor to
use your undoubted right under the charter and
remove George A. Newhall from the. position of
Police Commissioner of the city of San Fran
cisco. Respectfully yours,
ED ROSENBERG,
Secretary San Francisco Labor Council.
August 10. 190L
"We have protested again and again. In the
first place, that the police are acting as team
sters for the employers, that they direct those
men who have been imported to take our places
and ¦who are unfamiliar with the city, and that
they even help them in the management of
the vehicles and the goods. We have protested,
la the second place, that the police have shown
bias and have used unnecessary violence in
dealing with peaceable and orderly, crowds of
Police Acting 1 as Teamsters. 1
air. "Newhall therefore haa used his official
position against the Interests of the working
men, and ilr. Newhall is therefore unfit to be
a member of a government that is bound to
treat labor and capital with equal justice.
This use of the police is unfair to us. It ad
vertises to our fellow citizens tho accusation
that we are law breakers, who- would destroy
our employers' property if not restrained by an
overwhelming show of force. It was a cun
ning move on the part of the employers to put
us In the wrong. We know now why such a
move was possible. Mr. George A. Newhall is
a member of the Police ¦ Commission, and Mr.
George A. Newhall is a leader of those who are
fighting our right to organize to protect our
selves.
The workingmen of this dtr have again and
again protested to your Honor against the as
sumption that they are the law breakers. It is
a dictate of justice and a. maxim of law that no
n-.an be treated as a suspected criminal until
there be some evidence against him. There has
been absolutely no evidence that the men now
-locked out of employment by the Employers'
Association are law breakers. Tet the police
of this city paid by our taxes as well as by the
taxes of every other class have been put on
ve-hicles driven for the employers to protect
them against a violence that was never offered
and which was not even thought of.
The author of such a libel Is not a fit or
proper person to be a member of th« govern
ment of San Francisco.
Violence UTever Offered.
Tbe average number of dally assaults, af
frays. Quarrels, has been no greater "during
the strike than during any other equal period
of the past year. Whatever exceptional vio
lence has occurred has been Initiated by and
is to be laid at the door of the employers,
of those they are using to hurt us and of the
police themselves. The city is peaceful. The
assertions of. Mr. Xewhall are a libel not only
on the worklngmen, but on all the citizens
of this town.
That statement Is untrue. It is untrue to
day. It was untrue yesterday. It is untrue
of every day einoe the strike began. Never
has so great a lockout and strike been main
tained with so little disturbance. And the
credit is due not to the employers, not to the
Police Commission, not to the police, but to
the worklngmen and to their unions.
In ¦writing tils letter he has. with a disregard
for facts extraordinary in a man chosen for
so important a position as Police Commissioner,
etated that this city is the prey of violence,
& scene of riot where police and even soldiers
are required to restore the peace and to protect
life and liberty.
In writing this letter George A. Xewhall
has. In a manner unparalleled for its Indecency,
forsaken the impartiality demanded of a mem
ber of the city government, and has thrown
his Influence and. the influence of his office
against the worklngman in the present dispute
now agitating the city.
Tti^ti<»ti/ > .<» A pn^Ti sr. w r>f Viti grn a n .
George A. Newhall is unfit for the position of
Police Commissioner in San Francisco, because
he has slandered this city and the people there
of. He is unfit because he is using the influence
of the city government for one class against
another. He ¦ is unfit because he is a veritable
Therefore we come with confidence to your
Honor to ask that you exercise the powers com
mitted to you by the charter and remove George.
A Newhall from the office of Police Commis
sioner We demand this in the name of all the
fair-minded people of this city, who desire Jus
tice and peace. George A. Newhall has tam
pered with the even balance which the govern
ment should hold between all classes in this
community. The claims of labor were in the
one scale, the claims of the employers were in
the other. George A. Newhall came and threw
the policeman's baton into tbe scale against us,
and, having found that even that was ineffect
ual to turn the balance against justice, he now
clamors to your Honor to cast in the soldier's
rifle.
Newhall's Removal .Demanded.
"The strike has not developed violence
demanding the sort of measures suggest
ed by the Chamber of Commerce." said
the Mayor last evening. "There have not
been riots or outbreaks that were not eas
ily suppressed by the police. Calling for
State aid would be entirely out of the
American citizens, xrho have as much right
to line the sidewalks on the 4th of August a«
they have on the Fourth of July. We can now
understand the zeal of the police. The police
are men of our own class. Naturally their
sympathies would be with ub. " But they are
human. Their hopes of advancement, of re
ward, of promotion are in the Police Commis
sion. Mr. Newhall is no Insignificant part of
the Police Commission. The police know his
sentiments; More police, aye. even call in
the soldiers. Is It any wonder that they would
be zealous in guiding teamsters? Is It any
wonder that their eyes would be sharpened to
detect the beginning of riot? Is it any won
der that their batons would fall a little heav
ier on strikers' heads when they knew that
George A. Newhall was looking on with the
colors of the employers in his button-hole,
with his eye ensanguined with prophecies of
fire and riot, and with his august thumb
turned down to decree no mercy to labor?
The police should, as the Immediate repre
sentatives of the law, be as impartial as the
law itself. The police cannot be impartial
when the head of the commission, to which
they look for orders and promotion, is rabidly
opposed to one side of the community. George
A. Xewhall Is a perpetual incentive to the
police to break the peace. George A. Xewhall
is unfit to be a Police Commissioner.
p-r—^HE communication addressed to
I Mayor Phelan Friday by the
I directors of the Chamber of Com-
H merce was followed by another
yesterday from the Board of Trade
urging upon the Mayor the issuance of a
proclamation declaring that peace must
be preserved and personal property rights
respected. Mayor Phelan holds that such
a proclamation Is unnecessary and would
be gratuitous, and a possible cause of vio
lence rather than operating to allay it.
The Mayor so replied to the Chamber of
Commerce, and his position is not
changed since the Board of Trade commu
nication was drafted. •
"So far employers and* strikers are act
ing within their legal rights. The policy
of the police is to prevent conflicts in or
der to avoid the necessity of making ar
rests or using repressive measures. This
plan averts trouble and keeps the hot
heads from assaulting teamsters. No man
pursuing his legal rights will be exposed
to danger if the police can help it. Every
"Of course, we cannot furnish policemen
to an unlimited number to protect indi
vidual worklngmen. There cannot be a
remedy for the situation in the augmenta
tion of the police force, for the tax levy
has been made providing only for the
present numerical strength of the depart
ment. When merchants have applied to
have certain men appointed special of
ficers to guard their property or protect
their employes the appointments have
been made, and will continue to be made
upon request. While I do, not advise that
course, it is the only method of meeting
the conditions that prevail.
question. There has been no occasion
whatever for calling out the National
Guard.
the association to swear in 200 special
policemen at their meeting Tuesday night.
These specials will be used to guard the
number of additional wagons which the
draymen intend to send out. At present
all the trucks and wagons are out for
which there is police protection.
There is a report in circulation to the
effect that a number of the striking steve
dores and longshoremen ' have put In ap
plication to be sworn in as special police
men. The members of the Draymen's As
sociation do not relish the idea of having
the strikers as guards for the non-union
teamsters and therefore each applicant
will be required to show that he is not
out on. strike. -.y. • ¦
one knows that violence Is no remedy un
der American institutions and with the
American people, and the labor organiza
tions know it well, for they have advised
their men' not even to be provoked into
acts of violence. It has been said that the
police have served the employers. That is
wrong. They have preserved the peace. In
the same sense the police have served the
unions, because the unions are co-operat
ing to prevent violence. Violence is fatal
to the cause of labor. The man who com
mits an overt act condemns his cause.
The killing of the soldiers and the en
gineer on the wrecked locomotive by a
crazy fool broke the railroad strike in
1894. As soon as violence is resorted to it
becomes a question of upholding the law,
and the sympathy and support of the
whole community Is arrayed on the side
of law. If industrial battles are to be
fought; they must be by peaceful and
legal weapons. So long as this condition
prevails there Is no necessity, so far as
I can see, for a proclamation. The least
show of violence/ however, will call forth
the sternest measures." . .
Mayor Says Action Along Lines Suggested by Directors of the
Chamber'of Commerce Is Entirely Unnecessary.
PHELAN WILL NOT INCREASE POLICE
NOR CALL ON THE GOVERNOR FOR AID
The Police Commission is a most Important
part cj the city government. George A. New
hall Is a most Important part of the Police
To the Honorable J. D. Plxelan. Mayor of San
Francisco— Sir: In this morning's papers we
read a letter addressed to you and signed
"George A. XewhaU." In that letter it is
Etated that the lives of tie residents of this
city are threatened: that the industries of this
city are in daager of destruction; that the com
merce of this city is hampered and that the
ooastittttloiial rights and privileges of citizens
are abridged. That letter calls upon you to
demand that acts of intimidation and violence
should oe&£e; it demands thai you increas* the
police iorce, and It suggests that you flood our
town with the eoldlery of the State.
It 1b with, deep pain, as •well as with deep ln
cign&tioB. t*" we contemplate thia letter of
George A. Newhall. George A. Newhall is a
member of the Police Commission of this city.
He r-flf been appointed by your Honor to that
responsible position. It is clear to every one
tv«T the city government exists for every class,
for every interest in the city. Every citizen
pays taxes to 6upport it. Every citizen ia
OQ-uaHy entitled to its protection. In any dis
pute between any classes In the community the
city government is boand by decency, is bound
by reason, is bound by honor. Is bound by law
to bold an equal and a just balance.
THE executive committee of the
San Francisco Labor Council
drafted last night a letter to
Mayor Phelan demanding the re
moval of George A. Newhall from
the office of Police Commissioner. The
communication is as follows:
Organized Labor Demands
His Official Head as Penalty
for Alleged Antagonism
Leaders Assert That Newhall
Has Thrown His Influence
Upon the Employers' Side
STRIKERS SAY
POLICE HAVE
SHOWN BIAS
HAVANA, Aug. 10.— La Discuslon say*
that the enrollment of a Cuban artillery
corps by only permittinar whites to enlist
will sow the germs of discord between tha
whites and the blacks and establish at pre
cedent both dangerous and -unjust.
Fears Discord May Follow.
' "When' you -talk 'louder than the other
fellow iU's a Bigrn that you're wrong and
he's right. ... : ..
The water was almost low tide and the
two officers" waded out from the rocks at
the side of the railroad track and made
their way toward the boat. Breast hhrh
the officers were when they reached the
boat and while they held on with one hand
they groped under water with the other
Slowly the boat moved, under the direc
tion of Winters, and in about five minutes
after the search commenced a shout went
Fishing Out the Gold.
c Superintendent Von der Ropp of the
£m by i M° rk .? T st0( # Winters and
called him "Jack" whenever h© had occa
sion to ask him for directions. Winters
seemed to look upon Von der Ropp as his
friend and addressed his remarks to him
while he scowled at the detectives when
they broke in on the conversation
Under instructions from Winters, the
tug drew up at a spot about 300 yards east
of the railroad tunnel that is dose to the
smelter. The wharf that runs f rom Vaj!
lejo Junction to the coal bunkers lies out
about twenty feet from the railroad track.
*v * n . tU8 was in a correct position
the detectives left the vessel and climbed
on to the wharf. Winters joined them
wVft crlty £ nd a11 hands «4e?ly • fo°
of the office^ marched along with one
_"This Is where- -you will find it." said
Winters in his shrill voice. -
;, In a n Instant commotion reigned among
the party of gold seekers. - The prisoner
w S o1ffS5r e v b^ Ck V»A he tue > accompanied
by J S^ erlff Veale of -Contra Costa County
and Constable Moiles of Crockett The
three men climbed over the side of the
tug and entered a small boat that was in
waiting. Moiles took the oars and the
Sheriff sat alongside Winters. The pris
pner had a twelve-foot iron dredge and he
let the apparatus down into- the ¦ water
about eight feet from the piling of the
wharf -Detectives- Tom Giblon and
Crockett had striped- off their suits in
the meantime and stood clad in their
underwear, despite the cold atmosphere of
the early morn. •. •
Winters Directs the Party.
When the Sea Witch pulled. away from
the refinery wharf she went up Carquinez
Straits toward Martinez and then
doubled back and anchored off the Selby
i£h r t£ S u " tU 2 the C0I^e of morn. All
t\F h l I on the tus were extinguished. When
the darkness of night was dispelled by the
coming of the morn the party of detec
«l 3 ?, n v, tne^ tug awok e f rom a short sleep
and all hands met on deck. .
The ,tug steamed in close to the wharf
that runs out -from ValleJo Junction to
the coal bunkers alongstda the railroad
track. Winters was then brought upon
deck and he gave instructions as to the
spot where the tug should be placed.
Bungling Immediately after the commis
sion of the robbery. Winters did all he
The detectives, and there were many of
them, had an easy task to ferret out what
developed into the most unique of all rob
beries. On Tuesday morning when the
theft had been discovered Pete Donaldson,
the supposed accomplice of Winters, came
to Superintendent von der Ropp and told
him that he had seen the. robber hanging
about the smelting works and acting sus
piciously. Winters was also discovered
accidentally at 4:30 on the morning of the
robbery leaving the shore for his cabin
home on the hillside down the road.
Others then remembered that he was seen
underneath the wharf from which the
gold was dropped into the shallow waters.
These were the very first clews the.detec
tives worked on. The discovery of Win
ters was a foregone conclusion.
Easy Task for Detectives.
Chained to the floor and feeling the ut
ter uselessness of holding out against the
hand of the law, \ Winters confessed Fri
day afternoon . not only to his guilt, but
to the hiding place of the gold. He con
fessed not because he was badgered and
mentally torn asunder - by the Vsweat"
process. The evidence they piled up before
him looked like the forbidding mountains.
They even told him where the bullion was
and that In a short time it would be.re
covered and returned to its rightful own
ers. Then revengeful law was pictured
with all the weary years of penitentiary
suffering. This moved ' him but little.
When Lees and Seymour had finished
their churning Winters called for Super
intendent von der Ropp of the Selby
works. Von der Ropp talked sympathet
ically to him, advising confession before
it was too late. He spoke of possible le
niency on the part of humane Judges, of
the injustice to fellow workmen under
suspicion and, most of all, of the strong
chain of evidence coiled around the sus
pect.
¦ Winters seemed a little less obdurate,
but still fought against self-incrimlnation.
Then came Von der Ropp's final stroke.
He promised money and reduction of pun
ishment for a confession. The visions of
a lengthy, wearisome; term in prison had
passed before the suspect's mind and he
seemed disheartened. Then came the'con
trast—a few years and several thousands
of dollars, maybe five. t maybe ten. if he
would disclose where he had concealed the
gold. Von der Ropp won out and the wit
ness bating was over. Then came the
tug ride and the 1 fishing up of the gold
bricks, which is the final chapter. I
Confessed for Money.
And so the greatest bullipn robbery of
all time has fizzled out afteV a beginning
that was as fruitful of striking incident
as the cream chapter, in a saffron-hued
novel. Its artistic simplicity in the first
stages made the name of Winters, or
Buck Taylor as he . would always be
known among professional cracksmen,
one to be engraved on the book of big,
featural crime. • To-day there Is not a
criminal of reputation who would give
him a thought. The robbery was the
work of a professional whose name would
have been enrolled in the police records
of every big city in the world. The after
math makes Winters the veriest of ama
teurs and without a tithe of right or title
to the degrading distinction of even a
noteworthy criminal.
bullion was found. Then again Winters
confessed, something which the profes
sional detective views without respect.
Ofke of the keenest who has been at work
on the case said yesterday: "Winters was
an actor. It looks as If he played at rob
bery just to see what he could do and
spend a nice portion of his life in stripes
and behind the bars in realizing it." •
¦ The. 525.000; offered in reward ' for the
capture of the thief and the recovery of
the money, will -be productive of. more
than one wordy,. fierce tattle among the
detectives. From pre.ieht indications it
seems as if, the division •• would '•¦ include
Captain Seymour, Detective Savers of tho
Plnkerton force and Tom Gibson. Gibson
did specially good work on the case and
made the arrest through the letter found
in Winters', cabin— the letter from Miss
Ida Spencer of San Rafael. Lees was em
ployed by the Selbys and received a big
consideration for his. work. ¦,. ¦, ;
Division of Howard.
- When his tale was done Winters lapsed
into silence and fell into a speli of
thought. . . , ,, : "•- ¦•¦- -
Oh, I had a scheme for disposing of
the. gold. I would have dug it up and
every once In a while taken , a couple of
bars -to Germany or other countries and
sold it. " After working as^hard for it as
1 did I was going to make use of all that
I got. The $150,000 left in the safe I wanted
also, but did not have' the time."
"It was a tedious job, but at no time
did I falter. You seem surprised to hear
that I worked within ear shot of the men
at the furnaces. Only once did they hear
me, and that was when I forced the hole
after the 136 borings. That was the 'ghost
or devil' which McGlynn i mentioned.
Why, while I was working, night after
night one of the men would come for air
to a window not three feet distant from
me. There. I lay- on the ground and there
he was looking out into the dark. Of
course I escaped discovery. He couldn't
see into the dark just after looking into
a hot furnace. When he got cooled he
would return- to his work.
Why He Left Two Behind.
. "I made fourteen : trips altogether In
packing the gold through the bridge. The
two bars which -I left on the rocks were
not left for sentimental or Ingenious rea
sons. A Chinese coming along road
disturbed ma and I>ft the locality in a
hurry. ¦
"For six weeks I worked on the vault
and the trick showed I did not work with
out results. I knew all about the interior
of the vault and worked accordingly. The
opening which I cut out In order to enter
was made purposely oval in shape. If it
had. been circular it would have cut under
neath the tracks on which the car .was
run into, the vault.
Compared with this amateur conduct
in crime see how cleverly the robbery it
self was conducted. On *" Friday • night,
aboard the tug Sea Witch, Jack Winters
told -the story of his $283,000 theft.- It
reads as follows: ,
Winters Tells His Story.
No detection ever seemed surer when
the detectives reached the cabin. First
there was the chalk corresponding to that
found in the tunnel under the vault, then
the gun filled with the same character
of earth,. the scoopings of the shovel, the
shovel itself, the tacks and the cloth and
the frame, the oak block, the burned
clothes and the cap in the tunnel and the
lamp. There was enough cumulative evi
dence'to send a score of robbers to. jail
and this man took no precaution to de
stroy it. "It was genuine criminal negli
gence," one of the detectives said.
could subsequently to make detection ab
solutely certain. Seemingly without a
thought of the destruction of material
evidence he left his cabin Tuesday morn
ing post haste to San Rafael to the side
of a young woman for whom, he is sup
posed to have a fond affection. 'With the
traces of guilt left behind him he really
invited the sleuths to charge him with
the crime. And then circumstance after
circumstance began to dovetail until he
was completely encased. The confession
on Friday clinched It all and after an
easy search the detectives will divide the
$25,000 reward offered and smile in the
doing. . ¦ . -
Sheriff Sibley will leave for San Fran
ctsco to-night and he has hopes that he
will be able to secure the money taken
from St. Joseph's Home by Winters.
Published pictures of Winters were im
mediately recognized as those of the man
who. came to the institution and under the
guise of an electrician who had come to
inspect the electrical wiring and lighting
apparatus was allowed to go about the
place unattended. While going from room,
to room, ostensibly to inspect the wiring,
the electrician found a bag of coin, with
which the head nurse of the hospital was
to have paid the, monthly expenses within
a few days.
STOCKTON. Aug. 10.— Jack Winters,
who has confessed to being the man who
robbed the Selby Smelting Works of J2S0,
000 worth of gold bars, has been recog
nized by attaches of St. Joseph's Home in
this city as being the same man who
robbed the institution of $400 in coin on
the 29th of March last.
ACCUSE WINTERS OF
ROBBING ST. JOSEPH'S
A careful day and night watch will be
maintained on the maritime "cache" of
Winters, and the work of diving for tho
treasure will be resumed to-day. Steps
were taken yesterday by the Selby man
agement to have a cofferdam built with
out delay, so that the balance of the srold
bars can be recovered. The water when*
Winters walked up and down the wharf
and played "chuck stone" with gold bar*
Is very muddy. The silt is about four feet
deep, and the heavy bars of ¥ ?oid havi
presumably sunk into the slimy mass.
Winters stated yesterday that he threw
the four big gold bars Into the water
without any covering, while one sack of
smaller bars burst open as h<» was just
about to throw it into the water.
Shortly after the noon hour some Por
tuguese employes of the Selby Works
were allowed to dive in the muddy water
Jn the hope that they might bring up
some of the gold bars.- After working 1
about two hours one of the men caught
hold of a sack and hauled it into shallow
water. On being opened it was found to
contain four small bara, valued at $11,000.
The bars were conveyed to the smelter
works by a trusted employe of the Selby3 ,
and the "find" was credited to the "re
covery account," which then totaled up
to $141,000, or exactly half of the big sum
stolen by Winters.
A curious throng congregated on tha
rocks near the place where a small for
tune was hidden, but no one was allowed
to enter the water to search far the treas
ure.
The superintendent proceeded to th»
Selby works to spread the good news
among his associates, while Constable
Moiles and Detective Sllvey carefully
guarded the location where more than
half of Winters' booty lay embedded In
the mud.
The recovered gold bars were taken on
board the tug and guarded by an officer.
Then the entire party with Winters, ex
cepting Constable Moiles, Detective Sllvey
and Superintendent Von der Ropp, board- v
ed the tug and headed for San Francisco, j
Half of Stolen Goods Recovered.
ers, and walked about sixty-flve feet and
showed another plank, the end of which
had been recently severed. The two
planks were the limits in which Winters
said the gold would be found in the water
between the wharf and the rocks of thd
railroad track.
Then he started to walk about thirty
ieet toward the junction and showed the
officers where the end of a plank had been
newly sawed off. Again- he turned In the
opposite direction, toward the coal bunk-
"There is no need of going anv closer to
the wharf than this." Taking another
piece of coal from his pocket Winters
hurled it about- eight feet out in the water,
toward the railroad track, at the same
time saying: ."And you don't want to go
any further. from the wharf than that."
. Superintendent , Von der Ropp was at
the side of Winters during the time he
wa3 engaged in showing just where the
gold had been thrown from. Winters sug
gested that it might be good policy to
build a cofferdam in order to recover the
balance of the treasure. . Taking a piece
of coal in his right hand Winters walked
to a certain spot and • dropping the coal
right* dawn by the « piling.- said:
Tells Wliere More Bullion Is.
' Turning to the officers, Winters request
ed that the workman "be sept away and
the look on the prisoner's face showed
plainly that he thought the rope was In
tended for summary justice.
The workman evidently thought that a
rope would be of some use in the search,
but Winters placed a different conclusion
on the proposition. "What do you know?"
said Winters excitedly. "What do you
want? I never talked'to you before. You
don't know anything about me/*
Coolly and deliberately Winters acted
until a workman from the smelter ¦walked
up with a rope in his hand and greeting
the prisoner, said: "Here Is a rope. Jack."
Winters walked toward the coal bunk
ers and picked up some small pieces of
coal and then returned to a spot on the
wharf about 150 yards from the junction.
With a piece of a cracker box held down
by a lump of coal he showed the officers
the exact place where he stood when he
heaved the sack containing the four
heavy bars of fine sold.
The detectives /refused to allow any
newspaper men to speak to Winters when
he left the tug for the second time and
walked up and down the wharf. He was
allowed to take sufficient exerciset to
counteract his long Immersion in the
water and then was asked by Superin
tendent Von der Ropp to designate just
where he stood when he threw the gold
laden sacks into the water.
Winters, after the first sack had been
discovered, took oft his clothes and waded
into the water to aid the officers In their
search. He acted nervously, but a
stranger witnessing the early morning
scene would never have suspected that
Winters was the man guilty of a gigantic
robbery, not in its cunning, but in the
value of the loot.
The minutes slipped along swiftly as
the detectives with Winters waded in the
muddy water near the coal wharf and
bunkers. Within an hour five sacks had
been recovered, containing twenty-one
bars of gold, valued at $130,000. The In
coming of the tide prevented further
work being done and it was decided to
suspend operations. The detectives and
Winters, who had spent an hour in the
cold water, were assisted on the tug and
shortly afterward they came out on the
deck, looking none, the worse for wear. ¦
"^inters Tries His Hand.
up from those on the bank who were
hoisting a
h&X weighted sack out, of the water,
and with difficulty he was aided by his
brother officers to land the burden in the
k'ttVas a sack containing four small bars
of the stolen gold The tension of five
days was broken. The police officers had
in their custody the robber of a Quarter
of a million of dollars and the spot where
the booty lay hidden from sight was
known definitely. There was but little
excitement attending the work of search
ing for the precious loot beneath the- mud
dy waters of the bay.
/ ..¦¦'¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦ .. .-¦¦.'
THE • SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 11, ...1901.
LABOR COUNCIL DEMANDS REMOVAL
OF POLICE COMMISSIONER NEWHALL
A public statement to this effect from your Honor, coupled with an ap
peal to all persons to abstain from interfering in any manner whatsoever
with the lawful pursuits or occupations of other men, will, it is believed,
have a very salutary and beneficial effect in preserving the peace, and you
are therefore earnestly requested to -issue such a proclamation with
out delay. BOARD OF TRADE OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Attest: H. L. SMITH, Secretary. A. A. W ATKINS, President.
San Francisco, August 10, 1901. ,
HON. JAMBS D. PHELAN, Mayor, New City Hall, City— Dear Sir: The
Board of Trade of San Francisco is convinced that the time has ar
rived for the Chief Executive to issue a proclamation that all citizens
of the municipality will be fully protected in the fundamental rights guaran
teed them by the laws of the land, and particularly the' right of the enjoy
ment of their property and the operation of their business free from menace,
intimidation or violence. -
BOARD OF TRADE MAKES REQUEST
THAT MAYOR ISSUE PROCLAMATION
Continued From Page Thirteen.
14
What is the use of telling the rheumatic
that he feels as if his joints were being dis-
located? .
He Jliiows that bis sufferings' are very
much like the tortures of the rack!
What he want* to knote is what will per*
manently cure nis disease.
That, according to thousands o( grateful
testimonials, ia .
Hood's Sarsaparilla
It j promptly neutralizes the acid , In the
blood on which the disease depends; com-
pletely /eliminates • it, and strengthens the
system against Its return.. Try Hood's.
Rheumatism
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna.
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
dc pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of
The Hartman Sanitarium, Coh^nbus,
Ohio.
"After months of this kind of work I
fully made up my mind to try Peruna,
and thank God lor it, as I had not used
over two bottles until I f^lt a change,
and have been getting better evar
since, and now I am well and strong.
All my friends tell me how will /look.
Let me say to those who are sick, iry
Paruna it you have any of my symp-
toms; it will cure you. Don't expect
to be cured by one bottle, but stick to
it until cured." — «/. Edward Clark.
"I took all kinds of medicine — do not
think there is a drug store in this city
that I did not get some truck from. I
also used vapor baths, dieted, drank all
the mineral waters, had many consulta-
tions with two of the best doctors of this
city, used their prescriptions, but all
seemed of no use.
tongue was coated, I had chills from
my head to my feet. I was weak and
had very little life and everything
looked dark to me, and often I wished
for the end.
A Traveler's I*etter.
."I have found Peruna an ideal tonic.
Some months ago I suffered with 'neuras-
thenia (systemic catarrh), caused by
too close application to office work. My
system seemed worn out and I felt far
from well. I found Peruna benefited me
very much. It built up the- entire sys-
tem and made me feel like a new man. I
believe it Is well worthy the high praise
bestowed upon it."— J. A. Simpson.
Systemic catarrh always gives fair
warning of its approach, and can be
easily warded oft by the proper treat-
ment. Floating brown specks before
the eyes, mental confusion, fits of nerv-
ous headache, sleeplessness, flashes of
heat, chilly sensations, palpitation. Irri-
tability, despondency; any of these
symptoms or all of them should be
promptly met by the use of Peruna.
Hon. J. A. Simpson, secretary of the
Board of- Education of San Francisco,
Cal., writes:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Praise and Recommend Pe-ru-na.
I cALnrKS and CIILI the mrU
M Why should you pay more for your drugs, %
IW 1 medicines and toilet articles than we charge'? %
.m No reason at all. These special prices good until km,
¦ '31' Saturday night, August 17th. ' \%
j. Witch naze! pt. boL 20c Honey and Almond iu\
I 20c g||l IS^fe j
h Pho/plTat'e-cfsoda *S^S£*£i«« |
• 1 » ID tin* 1*V* ia Maoich-regularly ije— ipeci*l I
H „ . * Ull;> lDf " price thi« week by the dozen Si 7C |/|
\\f P. & W. granular phosphate of r% t_«r ' ' ffl
ttodz on sale everywhere for 15c. (\llDi 103171 15C fj f
Jap Rose Soap 4 for 25c Tbe , reE ~" l5e bottle - ' kii
Regular price ioc cilce. * LyOrt S iOOth Powder I5c Ml
i JlJVenile SOSD 3 for 25r We eeneralJjr charge ioc. Other Ix]
\W R 1 ** w **t* < ** * vl *••-»*. stores charge 15c. . ' /[Iff
m Cutter Whiskey 70c Fl( ! rida , Water ' 45c m
W|> The regular oacbotk £K w£T "**" *" wJJ
\V\ ll25 *••*•« »«- S«n rr»ncl*e o % f/lf
'tW 0 Br " dw " x *' IChK s < o.Ki. n « J iff
¦ ¦¦¦¦ Illlllllll/^^N yr-
1 '^^«^^\SECYBOARD-0r-EDUCATIONJ/
J. Edward Clark. 402 Temple street,
Los Angeles. Cal., writes: -. '- - 7
"I fully believe Peruna saved my life.
About two years ago after returning
from Alaska I was taken with O catarrh
of the stomach, and in fact of the whole
system. My stomach failed me, as noth-
ing I ate seemed to do me any good, but
always gave me pains and belching pf
gas. My kidneys got apre and ™fak.
I had palpitation of the heart, my lungs
were sore and it was difficult to draw 3
long breath. I also had fainting spe.ls,
and while walking was afraid I might
fall to the sidewalk. I also had to tret
up at night and sit In a chair to keep
from smothering. My legs and arms
pained me most of the time, my feet
were cold on the hottastjday, myPITTSBURG, Aug. 10.— President Shaf
fer began his final tour among the strik
ers early to-day. He left Pittsburg this
morning, and. shortly before noon reached
Newcastle. . - Two thousand- organized
workmen paraded there before his arrival
and were lined up around the station as
he arrived. In the afternoon he spoke to
6000 people in the amphitheater at Cas
cade Park, and submitted an offer for the
submission of the issues of the strike to
arbitration. This was his formal tender
for arbitration:
"Now, in our willingness to settle the
matter we are ready to arbitrate. Let the
Amalgamated Association select one man
and the trust select, one man, the two to
select the third. We will abide by the de
cision of the three. I wish this to be gen
erally known."
In his speech Shaffer said the strike was
a matter of wages and labor conditions,
notwithstanding the efforts'of the opposi
tion to prejudice the labor cause by alle
gations to the contrary. He added:
'"The trust will not permit the extennion
of unionism, because it states that the
Amalgamated Association might become
too strong. We can make our own deduc
tions relative to the meaning of this ex
pression."
President Shaffer stated that the news
papers had been criticizing him because
he had not stated whether or not there
would be an effort to call out the carpen
ters, railroad men and all other organiza
tions in an effort to gain a favorable ter
mination. He added: .
"We do not want revolution. This is
merely a strike. I wish it understood
that I stand for no violence. Our inter
ests will not permit acts antagonistic to
country and law. We will avoid them if
the trust will permit us. It is often asked
Shots Fired at Non-Union Man.
While Randall Blunt, a colored non-un
lofi teamster, was going to his work about
6 o'clock yestei day morning some one
fired a shot at him at Post and Leaven
worth streets. Policeman L. L. Levlngs
heard the shot and arrested James Martin
and" Edward Haynes and booked them at
the City, Prison on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon and an additional
charge of carrying a concealed weapon in
the shape of a revolver was booked
against Martin. A few minutes later J.
H. Styles and Charles Marks' were ar
rested by Sergeant Brophy and ' booked
on the same charge of assault ' with a
deadly weapon. . The four defendants are
striking teamsters. They appeared .before
Judge Conlan yesterday and the cases
¦were continued. Martin and Haynes told
the Judge that they had nothing to do
with the shooting, as they were a block
away at the time, and the Judge released
them on $500 bonds each. The other two
defendants are still in prison.
¦ Antone T. Alborelle, a clerk with Hoop
er, Jennings & Co.,- grocers at 215 Front
street, when on his way to work yester
day morning was stopped at Tenth and
Folsom streets by a crowd of .strikers and
dragged off his bicycle. They beat him
about the head with their fists and finally
one of them seized a bar of iron which
was lying close by and struck him on the
left arm, breaking the bone above the
wrist. Alborelle was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. McElroy
dressed and set the broken bone.
John Phillips, an' expressman, living at
413 Oak street, was hit with a brick while
driving at Seventh and Market streets at
10 o'clock last night. He suffered a severe
cut over the right eye. His injury was
treated at the Receiving Hospital. The
identity of his assailant is not known.
Situation in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Aug. lO.-The olf tank
steamer George Loomis ' is being dis
charged at Alameda' Point under guard
of four Alameda special policemen.
The brig W. G. Irwln, lumber-laden,
docked at the Puget Sound Lumber Com
pany's wharf to-day, her seamen leaving
as soon as the lines were fast.
¦ The Master Painters' Association has
issued a statement declaring its purpose
to stand against the demands of the union
and claiming that the union's announce
ment concerning the accessions to their
ranks is misleading. Such non-union help
as can be obtained is being employed.
The .injunction suit brought by Bar
num's restaurant proprietors against the
Cooks' and Walters' Alliance has been
dismissed, the differences having been
settled. ,
The bet you intended to make but didn't
is always a safe bet.
"A disinterested- party called at the
Amalgamated headquarters and offered to
use hia service looking to the arbitration
of the matter in dispute between . the
Amalgamated Association and the United
States Steel Corporation. The proposition
to arbitrate was turned down by the
United States corporation."
The subject was discussed on Friday by
President Shaffer, President Gompers,
Joseph Bishop, Frank Morrisson. M. 1 M.
Weyland and an unnamed official of the
American Tin Plate Company, and a basis
for the submission of the question agreed
upon. It. is believed that President Shaf
fer opposed . the plan at first, but was
finally won over and agreed to certain
concessions-in behalf of the Amalgamated
men. The strikers are using the Incident
in their fight. They say that they went
much further than could be expected, and
that they have been put on the defensive
In a light which threatens the existence
of their organization. "
Secretary Williams made the following
statement : '
"This is no time for arbitration."
The reference made by President Shaf
fer at Newcastle to-day to the willing
ness of the Amalgamated Association to
arbitrate . was followed here ; to-night by
the announcement on behalf of the strik
ers that on Friday an offer to arbitrate
was formally submitted to the United
States Steel Corporation. According to
this statement, the offer was referred to
J. P. Morgan, whose" reply rejecting it
was: i .
"The men who made McKeesport made
the trust. They now threaten our rights
and deny our liberties. I call on you,
men of McKeesport, to throw off the op
pressors and the system of spoliation, re
venge and reprisal. This is no time for
weakness; no time for truce; no time rtir
cowardice. .You cannot yield; you will not
surrender, for it means reduction of wages
and ignominious slavery. Let our gar
ments become threadbare; let some of us
toll until we fall into our graves, but re
member this, even if the .Amalgamated
Association should be overthrown it
would only mean a greater brotherhood
of men, which would attain a glorious
victory." • ¦ , -
/: "I'' have received from someone a let
ter saying that the workingmen have - a
lot of money in the banks which is being
used by ( the trusts: This, is true. The
trusts are supported by the banks. Men,
draw out your money,' not to bring trouble
on the. banks or impair, the credit of , the
house,, but to assert your right to de
fend yourselves and your rights. . Do not
let your money be used against you. Only
this week I was called on the telephone
by a tin , manufacturer who sold out to
the trust and is now anindependent man
ufacturer in this State. He offered me a
compromise. I called a meeting of my
advisers, and . this man, with another,
came to the meeting. He made his propo
sition to me and I asked him to put it
in writing.: He would not do it, and that
proposition was just what was wanted."
. Speaking of the threat to dismantle the
mills. President Shaffer said:
of me, 'Will you win out?' The Amalga
mated Association -will win out or it .will
cease to exist. We realize that wages- are
at stake and labor conditions are at issue.
If our organization dies I hope it will^not
have died in vain."
President Shaffer hurried to McKeesport.
from Newcastle and to-night addressed a
big mass-meeting at White's'Opera-house.
Shaffer was loudly cheered ' when he - ap
peared and the, meeting was very enthu
siastic. The strikers claim that as a re
sult of the meeting the National Tube, and
Rolling Mill men will strike. . -
¦ In the . course of his address President
Shaffer made the following statement:
The local leaders on either side did not
show much activity to-day. Secretary
Williams was the only Amalgamated rep
resentative who spent the entire day at
the strike headquarters. He said that the
office, would be closed this evening and
not reopened .until Monday morning. He
denied knowledge of any definite move
for peace, and declined to talk about the
situation. None of ,: the Amalgamated
leaders would discuss the conference with
President Gompers of the American,Fed
eration of Labor, but all who were ap
proached on the subject denied that there
had been any friction as to the part to
be finally played by the -federation. Pres
ident Corey of the Carnegie Company left
this afternoon for Homestead and the
other officials went home early. * Joseph
Schwab reached here, from New York
shortly after noon, but said that he was
merely here on a Sunday visit to his fam
ily. The steel officials denied knowledge
or any peace plan and said that they were
entering upon a winning fight. They said
that the Carnegie plants would lose no
men; that the reports of a general strike
at Wheeling were inaccurate, and that
many of their men would remain loyal
It was reportea that they had engaged
large numbers of non-union men who they
planned to rush into different works af
fected by the strike early next week, but
no confirmation of the statement was ob
tainable. ,-•...-;
Representatives of the strikers insisted
that the company was not in good faith
in the announcement, and that even if it
was it could not win with such methods.
Opponents of the strikers counted the
plan another victory, and declared that
the strike must "fail in the face of such
decisive action. ' : . , *:.¦
Say Strike Must Fail.
KeesjKirt be dismantled was already being
carried out, and the announcement from
the American ; Tin Plate Company created
a marked impression. . ~ • - ;
American Federation of Labor returned
to-day from Pittsburgh where they were
in conference with President Shaffer and
others. Gompers declined to discuss the
strike situation or plans at this time. He
said that the statement* he cave out at
Pittsburg yesterday covered the ground
and that he had nothing- to add to it.
"I propose, to act, not talk," he said.
"The newspapers have threshed over this
strike matter too much already and I do
not propose to take any part in the dis
cussion in print. The newspapers can say
what they please. • I have nothing what
ever to 'add to what I already have said.
I stand for industrial peace and will do
everything wittiin my power, to bring
about an adjustment' of the present con
flict, an* as president of 'the federation
to use my grood offices, if necessary, be
tween the two sides of the conflict to set
tle the trouble. I stand ready to assist
the Amalgamated Association in any way
in my power. Further than, this I cannot
talk." ¦
, For a time neither detective would give
way, po both took separate turns in cross
questioning the ' witness. : Then Von' der
Ropp arrived and harmony was restored.
On Friday afternoon when ex-Chief
Lees, Captain Seymour and Superintend
ent von der Ropp had their long session
preparatory to the securing of the con
fession of Winters the old Chief. and the
new captain fell into a wordy war over
the plan of action* to be followed. Both
talked loud and long, and for a time it
looked as if ¦ the confession would never
be wrested from, Winters if both worked
in conjunction. -¦>¦¦' . . •¦} -., ;
USES AND SEYMOUR
HAVE AuHOT TILT
In spite of Miss Spencer's denials. there
are several people here . who claim that
Winters has taken her out buggv riding
several times at least during the iast few
months. ¦ .
"I feel sorry that he has been proven
guilty. I can hardly believe that he could
commit such a crime. -Oh, how cool he
acted on Tuesday. It did not seem possi
ble that he could be guilty. No, positive
ly, we were never engaged nor nothing
like it. - He was Just a boarder, that's all.
If he should get out to-morrow ourvdoors
will be closed to him. Our acquaintance
ship is at an end." .
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 10.— If John Win
ters is anything more than a mere ac
quaintance to her Miss Ida Spencer is the
cleverest little actress off the boards.
Many circumstances have come to light
that point to her as a sweetheart of the
confessed bullion thief. A week ago to
day a package valued at about $50 was
delivered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel In
this city addressed to Miss Ida Spencer.
George Woods, a driver of the San Ra
fael Express Company, took the parcel into
the hotel and delivered it to Mrs. Spen
cer, the girl's mother. Woods says that
at that time Mrs. Spencer said, "This Is
a wedding dress." any rate both
mother and daughter were very particu
lar and demanded that they be allowed
to examine the contents of the package
before receiving it. . ¦
The express company next day secured
the desired permission from Hale Broth
ers, from whom the purchase was made,
and on the 5th Miss Spencer accepted the
package. To-night Miss Spencer denied
that Winters was anything more to her
than any other boarder who had staved
with them. She said: ¦ ;
MISS SPENCER RECEIVES
SOME PRETTY PRESENTS
One of the workmen In speaking of the
matter yesterday said: "It would not t>e
pafe for Wirlers to come up here. He
ought to be sent to prison for life. We
don't think for a. minute that the manage
ment of the works will make any dicker
¦with Winters. They secured all positive
evidence against him and he broke down
end made a confession, llany of the men
have ta'ked this affair over since the rob
bery and we all feel that Winters must
The feeling among the employes of the
Selby Works is very bitter against Win
ters. Many of th« men are stockholders
In the rv3mp3.r:y and in addition to the
loss they would have been called upon to
puffer if tie bullion had not been located
fhe employes keenly resent the Implica
tion that Tvas cast on all of them by the
robbery.
Constable Holies of Crockett, who was
one of the first to -work on the robbery,
•was interviewed yesterday at noon. In re
ply to questions he said:
"Winters has been taken to the city, but
we propose to bring him back. I do not
care what Lees may have said or prom
ised to Winters. This case was taken out
of our hands without any authority by
I-ees and Seymoijr. I have a ¦warrant for
the arrest of Winters and I propose to go
over to San Francisco and bring him back
here. I have talked the matter over with
Sheriff \>ale. ar.d an information will be
filed against Winters before tha Grand
Jury cf tr.is county. I intend to see that
the lasw takes its course."
that he would secure a warrant for Win
ters and lock him up in the jail at Mar
tinez.
"This robbery was committed in this
county," said Vpale. "and we propose to
deal with the thlef^ If "Winters Is the
man, and I understand he is from what
Lees says. I will see that he is given a
trial here quickly. The evidence is all in
this county and we secured the evidence
here. The witnesses are here also, and as
an officer of the law I propose to Bee that
the law is not trifled with."
Conttmied From Page Thirteen.
When the tug had tied up to the wharf
a patrol wagon was called and the party
driven to the Hall of Justice. In the bot
tom of the wagon lay six sacks, each
containing from two to six bars of gold,
the whole aggregating a value of some
$120,000. The gold was placed on the floor
of Captain Seymour's office, ¦where It was
tagged and notes of markings on the
bars made. An hour later the precious
metal was lying safely In the office of
the Selby Smelting Company on Mont
gomery street.
Winters ¦was closeted with the detectives
for several hours. It was after 4 o'clock
when Captain Seymour announced that
Winters could be seen by the representa
tives of the press. Winters was in a
surly, vindictive mood, that found expres
sion In oaths and bitter rallingrs against
the newspapers. He charged that he had
been villainously abused and that many
lies had been published about him. He
refused to talk about the robbery of the
smelting works, nor- would he affirm or
deny the story that he was to receive
$25,000 and Immunity from prosecution for
making his confession to the police.
"Get out of here!" he snarled, savagely.
"If you don't go. I will. I don't want- to
talk to any of you." • .
Captain Seymour denied positively that
It was nearly 10 o'clock yesterday morn
ing when the gold-laden tug Sea Witch
steamed up to the Vallejo street wharf.
In the party aboard were Captain of De
tectives Seymour. Superintendent Sayers
of the Pinkerton agency, ex-Chief of Po'
lice Lees, Detective Tom Gibson and the
prisoner. Winters was morose and sullen,
for on the trip he saw a copy of a morn-
Ing paper containing the picture of the
woman he loved and for whom he had
stolen the gold. He resented this as a
serious reflection upon the young woman
In question and the thought that she
might feel offended at the notoriety thrust
upon her seemed to worry him far more
than the knowledge of the predicament In
which he found himself.
PAUTT BETTTKNS AND GOES
TO HALL OF JUSTICE
be placed on trial and given his deserts."
OFFICERS HfiD WORKMEN WANT
Shortly after his arrival In the city
Detective Gibson was taken with a chill
as a result of his early morning bath and
he was forced to retire to his bed.
Captain Seymour praises all the detec
tives engaged in the capture of the crim
inal for their good work, but he Insists
that the credit of the capture rests with
the San Francisco detective force. As for
the reward of $25,000 offered by the Selby
people, the captain says he has no idea
how It Is to be divided. Speaking for him
self, he said he had no intention of claim-
Ing any part of it. although it was appa
rent that the confession was wrung from
Winters mainly through him. What dis
position will be made of the reward can
not now be determined.
He told of the task he had undertaken
and of the herculean labor that was his
before he had dumped the last of the
gold bars Into the waters of the bay near
the railway track. Fourteen trips were
required before the last of the heavy
bars, the whole Involving the carrying
of a half ton of metal and the trotting of
seven miles. Winters is a slight man and
not of apparent good health. How he
could find strength enough to carry some
of the sacks a distance of a quarter of a
mile is a matter of sumrise to the de
tectives, as some of them were heavy
enough to form a good load for two men.
This money he burled in. the hills near
his cabin, and since that time his fru
gality enabled him to increase his hoard
to $4300. When asked to disclose the'hid
ing place of his little store of wealth, he
laughed pleasantly and began to whistle
softly to himself. His manner was that
of a man who, crushed by the weight of
some great misfortune, and ashamed of
betraying emotion,, exhibits gayety in
order to mask the feelings which he seeks"
to conceal. He insisted that the. news
papers had betrayed him, but in what
manner he was unable to explain.
With the exception of admitting his
guilt and offering to steer the officers to
the place where the gold bars were rest
ing in their bed of mud. Winters proved to
be very reticent. He barely alluded to
his career In Texas, but said he came here
seven years ago from the Lone Star State
with $2700 In greenbacks.
Captain Seymour denied that he had a
quarrel with Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa
County relative to the custody of Winters.
That official was well satisfied to allow
Captain Seymour to retain charge of the
prisoner until Monday, when he (Veale)
will escort him across the bay.'
any hope of reward had been held out to
Winters in order to secure a confession of
guilt from him. "The evidence against
him was presented so forcibly to him that
he could not help confessing," said Cap
tain Seymour. "He realized that the game
was up and that his only chance of es
caping a long term was to make a confes
sion. While there was nothing said to
him about reward of a monetary charac
ter, it was intimated that the Selby peo
ple would be lenient with him 1£ he
showed them where the gold was hidden.
It is true the statements of Winters were
made with the understanding that they
would not be used against him. There is
enough evidence in my Judgment to con
vict him of the burglary. I am convinced
Winters will plead guilty when arraigned
for the crime. He will be sent to Crock
ett on Monday."
Almost at the same time It was unof
ficially announced that there - was a
chance that the plant of the "American
Steel Hoop Company at Warren, Ohio,
would be torn down and removed to some
community more favorable to the cor
poration. The order of yesterday direct
ing that the I>ewees Wood plant at Mo
Since the relations between tha American
Tin Plate Company and the workmen at
Monessen have been mutually satisfactory, in-
Euring steady and profitable operation. It has
been determined to more than double the plant
at that point, and some of the mills now Idle
on account of the strike, declared in viola
tion of the contracts signed by the Amalga
mated Association, will be dismantled and
moved to Monessen. Undoubtedly this will be
done In the case of works In which the senti
ment of the employes delays the resumption of
work. • ' . • -
A striking development of the day was
an official announcement from the Ameri
can Tin Plate Company to the effect that
certain plants of the company crippled by
the strike would be dismantled and re
movecr to Mone66en. The formal, an
nouncement, given by William Leeds after
a lengthy conference of the officials of the
company, follows:
The officers of the American Tin Plate
Company authorize the follow-in* statement:
The strikers held a series of demonstra
tions In the outlying towns and President
Shaffer spoke a final word of encourage
ment to his- Industrial troops. Great
throngs of workers turned out to greet
and cheer the leader and to maintain the
contest upon which th»y have entered.
The policy of the American Federation
of Labor has not been fully disclosed yet,
and that fact contributes another element
of uncertainty to the situation. The ac
tion of the executive board of the Mine
Workers at Indianapolis to-day in resolv
ing to support the strike cheered the
Amalgamated men, ! and they are confi
dent that the Federation will aid them
to the fullest extent. The closing hourg
of labor lacked spectacular action. This
city, which is the strike center, was calm
and undisturbed. There was no. violence.
The police issued an order suspending
for the time being the vacation system.
They do not anticipate trouble, but want
to have every man here ready for duty
in case it should come. They say that
President Shaffer has counseled peaceful
methods, and that they hope the strikers
and their sympathisers will heed his ad
vice.
PITTSBURGH Aug. 10— The great steel
strike on the general order of President
Shaffer of the Amalgamated Association
became effective to-day, and thousands of
workers left their places - to return at
some indefinite time in the future, either
victorious over the ironmasters or in hum
ble defeat. The order to strike was gen
erally obeyed wherever the workers were
organized and enrolled in the lodges of
the Amalgamated Association, but "it will
be Monday before an accurate count can
be made of the men who have gone out.
A great majority of the mills close on Sat
urday and reopen Sunday night, and the
true test of the strength of the contend
ing sides will be furnished by the number
of men who return to work to-morrow or
Monday.
. ¦ .' ." ¦'¦¦¦ . '¦'¦ ¦'¦..¦'-' '¦ ¦• ¦?-¦¦ ¦ " ¦¦ :i ' : /:H>V;v ':^/a-S;-.'. :; v : .
THE SAN FRANClSCa;CALL,::SUNDAY, AUGUST 11 ; l^Ol'; 1
GENERAL STRIKE OF STEEL
WORKERS IS IN AUGURATED
Steel Strike.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— President
Gompers and Secretary Morrison of the
Refuses to Discuss the Issues of the
GOMPERS PROPOSES TO ACT.
AGREES TO ARBITRATION.
President Shaffer. Addresses Large
Gatherings of Strikers.
15
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
1 Sample Bottle Sent FREE by MaiL
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Boot, tha great
kidney remedy, fulfills every wish in
promptly curing kidney, bladder and uric
acid troubles, rheumatism and pain In tho
back. It corrects inability to hold water
and scalding pain in passing it, or bad
effects following U3© of liquor, win© or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of being compelled to go often dur-
ing the day and to get up many times dur-
ing the night. The mild and the extraor-
dinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon real-
ized. It stands the highest for Its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp-Root is not recommended for
everything, but if you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
it just the remedy you need.
If you need a medicine you should hare
the best. Sold by druggists in fifty-cent
and one-dollar sizes. Tou may have a
sample bottle of thi3 great kidney rem-
edy, Swamp-Boot, and a book that tells
all about It and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mall. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. T. When
writing, mention that you read this gen-
erous • offer in the San Francisco Dally
Call.
AUCTION
Of the Crook's Properties.
SALE!
BY ORDER OF COURT.
CHOICE
PROPERTIES.
T0-M0BB0W. C^l
MONDAY,
AUGUST 12 .- 1901,
At 12 o'clock noon, at salesroom of
G.U. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
No. 813 Washington Street.
Southwest corner Washington and Waverly
place, between Dusont and Stockton sta.; Im-
provements consist of three-story brick build-
Ings; rents $166 per month.
Nos. 716 and 718 Jackson Street.
North line, between Dupont and Stockton
sts. ; improvements consist of four-story sub-
stantial brick buildlns; rents $250 per month;
lot 34:4x127:6.
- POTREKO.
..The- following three pieces are In the vicinity
of properties recently purchased by ths g<»^*^
Fe Railroad Company:
Southeast corner 19th v and Wisconsin sts.;
lot 135iHl. Irregular.
POTBEBO.
Northwest corner 13th and Wisconsin ata.1
lot 67x165, lrresular.
POTBEBO. ';;.'-¦
Northwest corner 18th and Wisconsin sts.:
lot £01x152. .irreeular.
TOWNSEUD STBEET,
Between Third and Fourth sta., northwest Has
opposite the Southern Pacific Railroad depot!
This choice holding suitable for manufactur-
ing: and warehouse purposes; lot 60x275. lr-»
regular; 2 frontages.
For further particulars apply to referees.
J. T. HARMES. 628 Market St. f^
G. H. TJUBSEN, 14 Montgomery tt. »
P. J. SULLIVAN. Parrott bldg.
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailai
DIRECTORY
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND ¦WASHINGTON STS.— KB-
modeled and renovated. KING. "WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to IS week: *3 to $20 month. Free baths; hot >
and cold water every room; lire grates In wwy.
room: elevator runs all night.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. lat» Jacob Strahl*
& Co. (est'd. 1S£2V 409 Market St.; upon In-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
. • COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C> WILSON & C0*> Telephone atatn ISM.
FRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS BOTES & CO. gS? ta T.L u MaS 1 i»l 0€
' OILS.
LUBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD * ELT.Tg.
418. Front it. 8. 7. Phona Mam 1713.
lubricating: oils, ensign a • mcgubv.
; FICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F. Tel. Main 1330.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladles' . and Children's Rosa So a pal?;
Ladles' Linen Skirts, 35c: Men's Fins Dress
Shirts, worth Jl. for 40c. at 105 Kltth street.
; ? PRINTING.
P' (• HfTfiHF? PRINTER. 1
£. lr flUuiJCj. m 8aa*om» «t.. a T.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDO CO.,
/._. 13 First Street, gaa TTftQCJaotj
T^ ' J
This is the greatest remnant sale in the history of §an
Francisco. Over 2003 remnants remain unsold. Many are
still in the stock rooms. Over five miles of odd pieces in over
2000 patterns from one to ten yards long. Think of it ! Can
you afford to miss such an opportunity ?
Remnant Sale o! Fancy Jacquard Suitings-
Two tone effects in new blues, golden brown, plum, etc., combined
with black — a neat, serviceable material for children's school dresses,
house gowns and separate skirts — 40 inches wide, silk v finish effect —
our great 50c leader in remnant lengths, beginning to-mo'rrow 28c Yd
For sale at Market-street store oniy.
Remnants of French Henrietta Cloth—
A soft, silken finish material for evening waists, etc. — 36 inches wide —
insuch shades as reseda, ox-blood, baby blue, cream, rose pink, etc. —
this is our 40c grade, and will be sold, beginning to-morrow, at. . . .
: 21c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Remnants of Black Sicilian Alpaca —
This is the genuine English make and guaranteed a fast black — a very
silky finish — both in plain and small figured effects — 36 inches wide—
this is the alpaca we have been selling at 50c and 60c a yard, and is
just the thing for traveling dresses, bathing suits, etc/ — while the rem-
nant lasts 26c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Remnants of Huck Towels— \
A bargain for «very. hotel and rooming house keeper — an odd lot of
heavy linen huck towels — soft finish — have been selling: all sizes at 15c
each — will be put on the tables at the special price of lOc Each
For sale at Market-strett store only.
Remnant Sale of Pillow Cases —
An extra gx>od heavy undressed muslin pillow case— soft finish, hem-
stitched — 4^x36 inches — usually sell at 15c — a big special for to-morrow
..1214c Each
For sale at Market-street store only.
Semnsnts Gale of Sheets — -
About 100 double-bed sheets of extra fine # muslin— very heavy, have
been set aside for a special remnant clearing to-morrow — these are a
grreat value at 55c each — they are very large and exceedingly well made
— special, beginning to-morrow • . .47^c Each
For safe at Market-street store only.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
BOTANICAL REPTILES |H
TKeir Sting Sets tKe SKin. oxa Fire and Fills
tKe. Veins witK a' Violent, Lingering Poison itiiiU
These plants seem to partake of the nature and character of the M /W^^^
serpent; in winter time being- comparatively Harmless, but when warmed l^^l^ir^'*
into life by spring and summer heat they become extremely venomous 'S^M| Wu ] \ $jj$&P
and spiteful, emitting a milky juice that burns and blisters like a fiery ?S|lillp
acid, producing quick inflammation and painful swelling. Some persons Jl R '^^^im'
are so susceptible to these vegetable poisons that coming in their vicinity Jffr t^Mv&L.
will produce almost as much discomfort and pain as handling 1 them; Sk "• l&ffvF&r
their thin and sensitive skins seem to absorb from the surrounding •'^PS^^^^^?-
atmosphere the acrid juices emanating from these plants. There is j^^^P^^^^^
seldom a picnic or family gathering in tire woods but that some mem- <^^^^^^^a
ber of the party comes in contact with Poison Ivy, Oak or some other
hurtful plant or weed, and through the open pores the poison is carried
to the overheated blood. Poison Ivy is found clinging to tree trunks, s^^il^^W^M Wm
BLOOD saturated with POISON OAK. f euces °\ r^ s j> sometimes reach-
Mr. John Friel, of Bear Station, Del., m S g^at heights; the leaves : are
writes: "i was poisoned with poison oak nearly square in shape, smooth j\¥?##»:I S\i/
which went through my blood, and my j i • ' j . i r i '
condition became bo oerious that tho and shiny and three on each stem; i*jrB\ M-mi '
t^Z^T^&r^iZC™. the flowers are °f a greenish white X»5^1«f'
£?-**•.*%< srsaajs-arsars mm an^ ** h *™ s paie green or w»™» »»'¦
use, soon realizing that it was doing me wnite. The Oak is a small shrub, seldom more than three
good. I continued tha medicine and was i? ' .1.1 • i •.»_'¦• j t - - li - *_ ' ¦ > ".1 -i
cured entirely, i think it the best blood feet mgn, its size depending upon the nature of the soil,
medicine made." '^^^laBif^^SS&^^^^^^ pointed With Saw-
like edges and a downy appearance underneath. While the two plants are entirely unlike
in appearance, the poisonous effects are very similar/ R ETURNPn |lf| sprinp for ir yfar*
After the swelling subsides the skin remains for a long R " U ™ E ° E RY f R !- N J^° R ' 8 YEARS<
• . . i_ j • h j ¦¦ ¦ i- • 1 '.. -i 1 - j Mrs. A. N. Bennett, of Toeooa, Ga., whoso
time ma rougn and mnamecl condition, dotted nere and case is similar to thousands of others who
there with bad looking ulcers and little festering sores. f^e?ei'St^LSS^StfffiSai l ISd
It is : truly remarkable with, what regularity and' LF" b^e^t^^^rV^n/ft
Certainty the disease returns, and alwaVS On Schedule eighteen years. Some one recommended S.
L . J ¦' •¦'¦,t ¦'• ••-¦¦ '¦'¦ ' - , .. 11* ¦ i» , S. r 3., which cured us completely, and we
time, appearing. the same month, day and hour, almost, have seen no signs of the eruptions for
that it did the year before, pon't be deceived should all; eeasons.^ ; :
the signs of the poison vanish soon after the first attack— the acrid juices have been taken
through the open skin pores into the blood, and the most persistent and faithful use of
external remedies can never dislodge them, and next season, and for years to come, you may
expect to endure the same bodily tortures; the blood in the meantime becoming so saturated
J^ E^^ SB^fei j&P 8^^* charged with the poison that each succeeding attack
K& as ***M ' Iz^&^^t l eave . s the body weaker and recovery more uncertain and jj
V^^T* \ %i»8jZ^ slow," and thus the once^ simple malady ends disastrously.
¦^^^V. For every poisonous plant, tree, shrub^ or flower, nature
J^^i J &^Z-^& a fc^_J^ as wisely provided /anantidote or : cure. The roots and
i^^Zlr C^™^r C!^^^^ herbs of which S. S. S. is composed quickly, surely and
m^^- a^^ mK^r. permanently overcome and drive out of the blood ; and
system the effects of Poison Ivy, 'Poison. Oak, Virginia Creeper, Thunder Weed,- Sumac* and "
yegetable poisons of ., every variety. S. S. S^ will be found atf invaluable and perfect antidote
for poisons of this class. 'There is never any : return of the aggravating symptoms after !a;
course of S.S^S.,asit destroys every vestige of, the poison.^: , ; - v.'V' ; \,_
. Don't abandon hope "because of repeated failures/: State your case to^qur doctors; we feel"
sure they ; can help you; : Medical .advice will cost you 'nothing and is strictly confidential.
Book;on Bloodand Skin Diseases free. ;SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
dp - - •• -— -*T"iij 4^|^j imi---M TA
IA v\ other shipment to our already attractive line • I
of dressers. A hundred<«6tyles- in mahog- 1
any, birdseye maple and golden oak up to $90.00. I
I Others $40, 30, 20 down to one in golden finish 10. !
yA cy«*£±p±fjk 1-x I pk and attentive salesmen in |
1 1 UL%^ theDrapery Department. "J
So well lighted that selection of color and pattern is 1
easy. Latest in Drapery Silks, 65c to $'1.25 a yd. 1
ill 1*1^1*1 Qtf-* at l he quantity, delight with |
I ± pattern and variety,
I tion in quality and price for you in the Carpet and I
I Rug Department. Come and see for yourself. I
dj "The Credit House." Six Stories High. i
I p"?Str?et if Ml Goods Mari^d in Pl^ r.^.^/Pr.v^S ,„ I
¦«L._ ' ¦ ..... . ' ..^-;,;3;7. .- ¦ H
MubDII
mitt fhis 6re»i TrabM
flKf]
4T1*HJ - , mmm Kit* luif"
• miJjj BUI (jVImD
¦ ¦ * - ' '¦.'
per week during
ITHURSPIY °-r-
_ H _ Leaving it 9 am.
, ltlfc Karrimin
ft 1 1 1 r a nu i i ChIcafl0 rt 2M
PrpBMl.j:t~
LiImIILU ib hlg* xlaaiUrd*
of servtco I j -
ON foUyBiaintiIne4.v
WL.lt
AD VEBTISEMENTS. 'SAN FRANCISCO.
For the visitors McLaughlin and Doyle
cJd the best work with -the- willow. Each
secured two safe hits, making four out of
the seven obtained by their team. Mc-
Gucken made a hard running ; catch of
Nordyke's long fly in the initial inning.
The Sacramentos. as a whole, played good
ball in the field, Devereaux making the
only misplay. : ""' .
Hoffer will pitch this afternoon for. Sac-'
rarcento. and a great game may be ex
pected, as he is considered a past master
at the art, as he played with the Balti
mores in the days when they were invinci
ble. .The official score of the game follows:
It was San Francisco's turn to hit and
ehout yesterday, both of which they did,
raucn to the discomfort of Thomas, who
lasted for an inning and a half, * and
Stricklett, who managed to cling on,
though the locals bombarded him with
force enough to unnerve any pitcher. Dur
ing the agony nine husky Germans com
pleted the circuit and 'eleven safe bumps
were secured «.ff Stricklett. Meanwhile
the Statesmen were able to score but one
run, though seven base hits were made
off the reliable lberg.
The Wasps took kindly to Thomas* de
livery in the first. They did not have to
hit, as Thomas either gave a base on balls
or else hit the batter. While the farce
v.-as being enacted Hildebrand and
Schwartz made the rounds and Pabst
stole third.
The Legislators made their only mark In
their half of the first. McLaughlin hit
for two cushions and trotted home on
Schwartz's wild throw to Pabst of Doyle's
grounder. After this the locals settled
down to work and not another Senator
crossed the plate. Though chances were
plentiful, sharp fielding did the work, and
"Brick" Devereaux with his followers
were forced to bow to the superior work
of their opponents. Seven, more runs
were piled up by Uncle Henry's men dur
ing the remainder of' the game — two in
the second, one in the third, one each in
the seventh and eighth and two in the
last round. Hitting the ball at opportune
times was responsible for this, as Sacra
mento made but one error.
Little Hildebrand played the game in
truly clever style. He hit safely three
times — one being a double — made three
runs and stole a base. He accepted five
chances In the field, bringing down th.e
applause of the stands twice on phenom
enal catches. Krug made two inexcusable
errors in the second and was sent out to
right field, Nordyke. relieving him at
short.
San Francisco 9, Sacramento 1.
Both boats carried big topsails through
out and fortunately without accident to
any rigging aloft.
Jones 1. Home runs— Atherton. Francks, Held
Two-base hits— Eagan, • Lohman, - Bowman.
Sacrifice hits— Hutchlnson, -Drennan, Lohman
Dunleavy. . First base on errors— Oakland '3
First base on called balls— Los Angeles 6, Oak
land S. Left on bases — Oakland 9, Los Angeles
2. Struck out— By Hale 4, by Jones 5, by John-
Ron ' 3. . Double plays— Hutchlnson to - Kelly to
Hutchlnson. Passed ball— Spies. Wild pitch-
Jones. Time of game— Two hours and 3 min
utes. Umpire — Levy. ; . , . '
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. 10.— Boat for
boat, the .amended Constitution beat the
Columbia to-day by four minutes and
nine seconds. It was a hard hammer to
windward and return "in an eight-knot
breeze. The new Herreshoff racer, in fine
form, did wonderfully well, but the result
was not altogether satisfactory as a test
of relative speed, because fifteen minutes
after the start the Columbia suffered a
mishap which cost her all of five minutes
in time, and, in the judgment of most
sood yachtsmen, the race. Her. bow
sprit shrouds were found to be
too long. As \T. the wind freshened
and she lay over at a big angle
the big stick which they supported
buckled dangerously, so that it was neces
sary to luff her Into the wind to take in
the slack of the stay.s. At the same tims
the steering gear was useless for some
minutes while she- was jumping on the
seas, and she yawed about almost-help
less. Repairs ' were made with remark
able skill and speed, and she was sent
away again, but well astern of- her rival,
for the, Constitution had passed her and
taken . a commanding position on the
weather bow of - the unfortunate boat.
The Constitution founded the outer mark
two minutes ahead, having gained In
elapsed time two minutes and fourteen
seconds in the flfteen-mile beat to wind
ward. 0 '¦'¦
On the run m, which was made with
spinnakers and balloon jibs, the new boat
came in like a racehorse and made a gain
of one minute and fifty-five seconds more
Both boats were handled admirably, and
barring the accident tfi the Columbia, it
was a grand race, at times bordering on
the sensational. . ' .—
Philadelphia ...;....... ......13 23 1
Batteries— Gear and Grady rWiltse and Pow
ers. . ¦ ¦ . ¦ , ',' . ' ¦ ¦
DETROIT, Aug. 10.— The score: -j
Clubs— ,| R. H. E.
Milwaukee. '....'. 4 8 3
Detroit ...\' :... 3' ..' 8 3
Batteries— Husting and Maloney;. Yeager and
Shaw. . • • ¦ ¦. ¦ •¦
BOSTON, Ausr. 10.— The scores: •
First gamfr^-
Clubs- R. H. E.'
Boston 6 10 4
Baltimore ¦.... 4 7 2
Batteries — Lewis and. Schreck; Howell and
Bresnahan. ; . •
Second Kame— ,
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston .................. ............ 7 ,3 0
Baltimore 4 , 1 . 0
Batteries— Young and Criger; Foreman i and
Bresnahan.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 10.— The score: '
- CH-bs— . "~ ¦ R. . H. 'E.'
Cleveland .......'. .11 15 5
Chicago 7 . 12 " F
Batteries— McNeil and Wood; Katoll, Mc-
Alee and Sullivan. . ,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— The score:
First came — , . ' , . _.¦*
Clubs— R. H. . E.
Washington ....".'...... ....9 10 .2
Philadelphia 4 ; 8 3
Batteries— Mercer and Grady; ¦ Fraser ¦ and
.Clubs — . . R. H. - E.,
Washington .;............*.*.......'. 0 ¦ 4- vl'
AMERICAN. LEAGUE,
SOME LARGE SCORES MADE
ON THE EASTERN DIAMONDS
SAN FRANCISCO
TAKES A GAME
COLUMBIA LOSES
THE TRIAL RACE
" SUMMARY. : ,
Runs responsible for— Johnson 1, Hale • 2.
Totals ......39. 4 9.0 33 14 ' 1
" RUNS AND" HITS BY INNINGS.
fcon Angeles 2[0 0 1 O'O 0 0 0 0 0—3
' ' Base bits:... 1 0 0. 2 0 0- 1- 0 0' 0 1—5
Oakland 1^0 0 2 0-t) 0 0 00 '1—4
Base. hits....'.... 1. 0 0 3 12 1:1 0 0 1—3
¦ '-<>' . .. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.. E.
Drennan, c. f.. ...... 4 1 0 0 6 .0 0
Lohman, c............ 4 0 1 0 5 4 0
Streib. lb".. ,.......;.. 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Eagan. 3b : 6 0:2 '0 1 10
Dunlea'vy; 1. f........ 4-1 2 0 •' 2 0 . 0
FranrkB.ss 5 1 8 0 6' 3 1
Arrellanes,- 2b..:...-.. 4 0 -•©-.- 0 060
Held,.r.-f 5 1; 0 0 2 0 0
Johnson, p 4 .0 1, 0 0 00
Totals. ..;...*.. ...31 3 5 0 33 17 3
OAKLAND. ;-
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.. E.'
Reltz, 2b 4 1 0 0 1 3 1
Kelly, ss.. :..... 4 1 0 0 1 5 2
Hutchlnson. lb 3 0 1 0 10 2 0
Householder, c f.... 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Atherton, r. f. 5 12 0 2 0 0
Reilly, 2b." ...7... 4 0 10 2 2 0
Bowman, 1. t 4 0 1' 0' 3 0 0
Spies, c... 4 0 0 0 11 2 0
Jones, p .2- 0 0 0 2 2 0
¦Yale, p......; 1 ., 0 - 0 . 0 0 0 0
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGE13ES, Aug. 10.— A home run . by
Held in the first half of the eleventh inning
won the game for Oakland.' Hale and Jones,
in the: box for Los Angeles, were both ex
tremely wild and Johnson for Oakland was no
better, but the 'Dudes were luckier with' their
bits. The 'game was replete with miserable
plays. The score: [
ing 1 in Los Angeles.
Eleven Innings, but Much Poor Play-
OAKLAND WINS THE GAME.
Runs responsible for— Thomas 2. ! Ktricklett 4.
Two-base hits— McLaughlin. Hildebrand. Nor
dyke, Krug. Sacrince hits— Krug, Schwartz.
First base on errors— Sacramento 3. First base
on called' balls— San Francisco 4, Sacramento 1.
Left on bases — San Francisco 6, Sacramento 7.
Struck out— By lberg 1, by Stricklett 2. Hit
by pitcher — Hildebrand, Nordyke. Double plays
—Schwartz to Nordyke to Pabst. • Time • of
game— 1:50, Umpire— Graves. Official scorer—
H. S. McFarland. •/••••.¦-....
Krug, s and rf 4 12 0 3 1 2
Nordyke. rf and s... 4 1 2 0 6 2 0
Reilly. 3b 5 0 10 0 2 0
Sullivan, c 4 12 0 1 1 0
lberg, p... 3. 10 0 0 . 3 ".'0
Totals .<.... 35 .9, 13 3 27 \ 12 3
/ SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Devereaux, ss 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
McLaughlin. If 4 1 2 0 1 2 0
Courtney, 2b 3 0 0 0 1 R 0
Doyle, lb :.. 4 0 2 ¦ 0 12 1 0
McCarthy, rf..:...... 4 0 10 2 0 0
Stanley, c .....4 0. 0 0 '4 1.0
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 00 4 . 1 .0
McGucken. cf 4 0 1 0 1 0- 0
Thoirae, p 0 0 -. 0 0 0-0 0
Strlcklett. p 4 0-10 0 1:0
Totals .....35 17 0 27 14 . 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco ...2 2 1 0" 0 0 1 12—9
Base hits 1 2 10 0 12 3 3—13
Sacramento 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits ...11 10 110 1 1—7
SUMMARY.
BAIN MAZES THE TEACK
HEAVY AT BUFFALO
Captain Potter "Wins a Eace fn Three
Straight Heats From Four
Other Starters.
BUFFALO. . Aus. 10.— The track wu heavy
from last night's . rain at the grand circuit
meet to-day. There were only two event* on
the card, the 2:07 pace, which wai won by
The Bishop, in the last three heats, and th«
2:18 pace which went to Captain Potter In
straight heats. Summary:
2:07 pace, purse $500 — The Bishop won tha
third, fourth and fifth heats In 2:07%. 2:07%.
?:<J7%. Rlley B won the second heat in 2:0S?i.
Mayette won the first heat la 2:0% Edith
W and Eyelet also started.
2:18 pace, purse $1200— Captain Pottar •won
In three straight heata In 2:i3\i. 2:13^. 2:12%.
Orrln B. John R, Potts, Saniarltana and Teddy
F also started;
Yuba Dam Suit Beady.
United States Attorney Woodworth has
completed the papers to be filed In th»
United States Circuit Court to condemn
16,000 acres on the Yuba River for the pur
poses of an impounding dam In which to
store the debris from the mines. The
tract to be condemned by the Government
is about three miles, north of Marysville.
The United States engineer corps made
all the necessary surveys several months
ago. , -•. - 1 ¦¦¦ '..•.' • ¦-.
SARATOGA, N. ,Y., Aug." 10.— "W.-'C.
'Whitney's, two-year-old colt Goldsmith
won the Saratoga special sweepstakes this
afternoon, defeating .the champion two
year-old filly Blue Girl by a short head.
The special Isa purely sporting sweep
stake for the owners of the eight horses
that went to the post, subscribing $1000
each, while those who had entered candi
dates for the race and declined the Issue
contributed. $500 each toward the stakes.
The association added only a $500 'silver
cup. ,
The start was an excellent one. Rossig
not, with Blue Girl at her saddle girth,
made the running down the backstretch,
with Goldsmith third. On the far turn
the order was the same, with Masterman,
who was last to leave the post, gradually
improving his position. The stretch
reached, the pace began to tell on Rossig
not, and both Blue Girl and: Goldsmith
passed her. A furlong from the wire Blue
Girl was a length in front, with Gold
smith closing on her at every stride. At
the lower end; of the grand stand Gold
smith swerved twice, but Turner quickly
straightened ;, him .-, out and he came on
again. A closa finish resulted, in which
Turner just squeezed Goldsmith home In
front by a scant head, while: Masterman
was third six lengths away. The total
value of the stake to Whitney was $15,500.
For the $10,000 Travers stake, for three
year-olds, Chuctanunda was favorite, but
he was never prominent. Dublin made the
pace up to a few lengths from the finish,
where Blues, the extreme ender in the
betting, ranged alongside and after a hard
race won by a half-length. Results:
First race, handicap, seven furlongs — Bellario
won. Belle of Lexington second. His Eminence
third. Time, 1:29 3-5. .
Second race, mile and seventy yards— Dr.
Riddle won, Hammock *econd, Alfred Vargrave
third. Time, 1:44 1-5. .
iThlrd race, Saratoga Special, live and a half
furlongs — Goldsmith. 122 (Turner), 6 to 1 won;
Blue Girl, 119 (Shaw). 8 to 5 and 3 to L sec
ond; Masterman, 122 (Bullman), 12. to 1 third.'
Time. 1:08 1-5. Whisky King, Caughnawaga,
Smart Set. Stranger and Roaalgnot also ran.
Fourth race, the Travers Stakes, mile and an
eighth— Blues, 126 (Shaw), 20 to 1, won; Dub
lin, 111 (Mounce). 8 to 1 second; The Parader,
129 (McCue). 6 to 1, third. Time, 1:56 3-3.
Water Color, The Rhymer and Chuctanunda
also ran.
Fifth race, five and a halt furlongs — Hans
Wagner won, Honolulu second, Emma A third.
Time, 1:10. i
Sixth race, handicap, mile and an eighth—
King Bramble won, Cambrian second. Time,
1:53 8-5. Only two starters.
BUTTE, Aug. 10.— Results:
First race, one mile — Mr. Robinson won,
Harry Thatcher second. Cousin Lettle third.
Time, 1:44.
Second race, six furlongs— Lucy won.. Lee
Metford second. - Homage third. Time. 1:16.
Third race, one milr — Synia won. Free Pass
second. Spike third. Time. 1:42%.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Innocencia won,
Winnecock second. Flourish third. Time,
1:01%. .
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Tom
Kingsley won, Kitty Kelly second, Pope Leo
third. Time. 1:O7V4. '
Sixth race, mile and three-sixteenths, five
hurdles— Old Fox won, Delgado second, Gus L
third. No Hkne.
¦ST. LOUIS, Aug. 10.— Delmar Park results:
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Empyrlal
won. Two Annies second. Diaz third. Time. •
1:41%.
Second race, five furlongs— Okla won, Mamie
English second, Attelle third.. Time, 1:03%.
Third race, seven 1 furlongs, selling— Nellie
Helmuth won. Miss Theresa second. Syncopated
Sandy third. Time, * 1:30%.
--Fourth race,' six- and' a half furlongs — Verify
won, Jim Clark second, Charles C third. Time,
; 1:22.: ,- ¦ : , . : y.^..-, f -.-.: .. > . . . ,
! . Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Lunar
won. Meddlesome , second. Lord. Neville third.
Time. 1:49H- ¦
Sixth race, se\-en furlongs, selling — Nearest
won, Sweet Dream second, i Schnell Laufer
third. Time, 1:28%. >
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— Harlem results:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Andes won,
Likeness second, • Rosa Diaz - third. Time,
1:13 3-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Magla
won, Mabel Winn second, Hoodwink • third.
Time. :55.
Third race, six furlongs — Miss Bennett won,
Burnie Bunton second, Sam Fullen third. Time.
1:12 3-5. ¦ . ¦ . , :
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth— The
Pride won, Lady Strathmore second, Siberian
third. Time, 1:46.2-5.
Fifth race, one mile— Six Shooter won, Henry
Burt second. Parley Moore -third. Time. 1:39 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and 100 yards — Conetella
tor won, Evelyn Bird second, Hermencia third.
Time, 1:46. ; - . .'
' Seventh race, one mile and 1P0 yards— Chorus
Boy won, Havlland second, Kunja third. Time,
1:45 3-5.
DETROIT, Aug. 10.— Windsor, Ont.', results:
,' First race, one mile, sellingBrown Vail won,
Ollle J second, Onanetta third. Time, 1:43^4.
Second race, six and. a half furlongs, 'cell
ing — Red Apple won, Amron second,- Ruth
Parks third.- Time. 1:22.
Third - race, steeplechase handicap, full
course— George W. Jenkins won, Tates Creek
second. Lord Farndale third. Time, 4:55.
Fourth race, seven and a half' furlongs—Es
pionage won,. Miss Soak second, Frelinghuysen
third. Time. 1:35. y
Fifth race, one mile and a half— Enghurst
won, Bentley B second, Pacemaker third.
Time, 2:37V4.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs— Newton
W won. El Giva second. Sly Maid third. Time,
1:08%. ¦ .:-
Seventh race, one mile — Aurea won. Dr. Fan
nie second. Polly Blxby third. Time, .1:423c.'
Burns & Waterhouse. b. t. Doreen; Burns A
Waterhouse, br. f. Torso Maid; Burn* A
Waterhouse, b. f. Cathello; Elmwood Farm.
b. c. (unnamed): Elmwood Farm, b. c. (un
named); Elmwood Farm, ch. g. (unnamed):
La Siesta Ranch, br. c. Wandering Boy;
Thomas Fox, blk. f. Not; Thomas Fox, ch. c.
George Clark; A. T. Rosa. Sue Robinson;
A. J. Stemler & Co., b. f. Divlna; W. B.
Sink Jr.. b. e. Royalty; G. Summers & Co..
br. f. Waterscratch; J. P. Atkins & Co.. b. c
Barkleylte.
FUTURITY STAKE. 1901.
James 'Coffin, Cuba; W. Hogoboora, Charles
H. ; Thomas S. Manning, Commander Muckle:
J. Doran. Delia McCarty; A. M. McCoUum.
Jennie H. ; C. A. Owens. Lee Roy; Santa, Ros»
Stock Farm, Almareta; Santa Roaa Stoclc
Farm, Lady Russell: Santa Rosa Stock Farm,
Marentro King; G. W. Ford, Neernellia; P. W.
Lee, Fluey.
130L ELEVEN ENTRIES.
The following made final payment:
W. Hogoboom, o. c. Charles H. ; Tbomaa 8.
Manning, b. c. Commander Muckle; c. A.
Owens, ch. c. Lee Roy; Santa Rosa Stocic
Farm. ch. f. Lou Dillon; D. J. Desmond, b, f.
Italia; J. Doran. b. t. Delia McCarty.
FOURTH PAYMENT. STANFORD STAJCHw
OCCIDENT STAKE FOR 1901.
G. Farisien, br. g.. 3. Master Cal; T. J.
Field, b. g., 3, Rey Dare; J. Weber, b. m.,
a. Llzella; Jamea Coffey, ch. g.. 8, Galanthus:
James Coffey. ch. g.. 6, Opponsnt; James Cof
fey. ch. g.. 5. Jim McClevey; F. D. Weir. ch.
g., 5, Merops; P.xJSonaleche. b. c, 3. Ward
i.ian: P. Donaleche*; b. c, 3. Canttous; P.
Moore, ch. m., a, Alicia; Burns & Waterhouse,
b. g., 6, Scotch Plaid: J. McGovern, ch. m.. 5,
Torsida; W. I* Stanfleld. b. g.. 3. Jim Hal»:
J. S. Campbell, b. g.. 6, El Mido: L. 3. Young.
b. *.. 6, Twinkler; E. F. Sohwarta, b. m.. 5.
Odd Eyes; W. B. Jeanlnga & Co., b. h.. 4.
Vesuvian; W. B. Jennings & Co., b. c, 3.
Canmore; W. B. Jennings & Co.. b. t., 4, Aa>
drisa.
NO. 8. THE PRESIDENTS STAKE.
leche, b. g. Sol: P. Gullfoyle. ch. g. Rsdaa;
Lone Stable, ch. c. Carlo; Burns & Waterhouse.
b. f. Doreen: G. Summers & Co., br. f. Water
scratch; G. Summers & Co., ch. g. Tyrannus;
G. Summers & Co., ch. g. Rubina; W. L. Stan,
field, b. f. Flo Culver; J. S. Campbell, b. f.
Louwelsea: J. S. Campbell, ch. f. Ionocencia;
J. S. Campbell, b. t. Huachuca; W. B. Jennings
& Co., b. f. Sister Jeannie; W. B. Jenninss &
Co., b. c. Lapidus.
Vendome Stock Farm, b. m. China Maid; W.
S. Maben; b. h. Redline; C. D. Helnes. b. g.
Penrose; S. H.Hoy. br. f. Reta H; John Dona
hue, b. c. Richard B.
NO.' 1, FLASH STAKE, FOR ALL AGES.
George Snider & Co.'s ch. m.,4, Vantlne; R.
GREEN PACERS.
Jnmes A.I Daly, b. c. Osmont; T. W. Bar
stow, b. f. Alone; J. Evlston. b. g. Joe Evle
tcn; R. H. Nason. b. f. Fidelity; F. E. Wiight,
b. m. Pearl Sinclair.
NO. 8, STAKE FOR FOUR-YEAR-OLD
PACERS.
H. M. Dunlap, b. g. King Cadenza: William
G. Layng,. b. g. Sir Albert S; J. L,. Smith,
ch. h. Gaff Topsail; Ed Graser, ch. m. Nellie
I: C. W. Whitehead, blk. h. Delphi; J. D.
Heins, br. h. John A; S. C. Tryon & Co., blk.
m. Margaretta; R. R. Brown, b. g. Doc Wllkes;
J. B. Iverson, ch. m. Dicta tress; C. W. Main,
b. m. Queen R; J. H Thompson, ch. g. £1
Diablo. ¦ .
NO. 7, 8TAKE FOR THREE- YEAR-OLD
NO. 6. 2:13 CLASS PACE. PURSE J1000.
Vendome Stock Farm, ch. m. Our Boy's Sis
ter; G. Trank, b. g. Harry J; W. G. Layng,
b. g. Sir Albert S; J. L. Smith, ch. h. Gaff
Toppail; J. A. Laffeity, br. h. Advertiser; Ed
Graser. ch. m. Nellie I; C. W. Whitehead, ch.
g. Toppy; R. Freeman, b. m. Banker's Daugh
ter; A. M. Le»per. b. *. Wilfred L; H. D.
Harrison, br. m. Little Maud; W^. Vanderhurst,
b. in. Diableta; Valencia Stock Farm, br. h.
Direct Heir; J. H.' Thompson, ch. g. El Diablo.
NO. 5, 2:17 CLASS PACE, PURSE $800.
Vendome Stock Farm, b. m China Maid;
Santa Rosa Stock Farm, ch. g. B. S. Dillon;
Valencia Stock Farm, br. g. Direct Heir; W.
8. Maben, b. m. E I ectra;, George Trank, b. g.
Harry J.; Reidy & Johnson;- br. m. Colmar;
J. A. Lafferty, br. h. Advertiser; Ed Graser,
ch. m. Nellie; C. W. Whitehead. ch. g. Toppy;
R. Freeman, b. m. Banker's Daughter; T. C.
Cabney, b. g. Al Bandy; A. M. Leeper, br. g.
Wilfred L.; W. Vanderhurst, b. f. Diableta;
John Donahue, blk. g. Midnight.
NO. 4.. 2:25 CLASS PACE. PURSE, $800.
Valencia Stock Farm, br. m. Bet Madison;
W. S. Maben, N gr. h. Richmond. Chief; T. J.
Crowley, b. h. Boydello; George F. Anderson,
•b. g. Claudius; George A. Kelly, b. m. An
zella; M. M. Hackett, b.' s. George W. McKln
ney; Irv Mulholland.^br. h. Oslto;"L. Zimmer
man b. g. McBrlar; S. H.Hoy, br. g. McNally;
G. P. McNeil, r. g. Dan W; E. J. Baldwin,
blk. h. Santa Anita Star.
NO. 3. 2:14 CLASS TROT, PURSE $1000.
Vendome Stock Farm, ch. g. Thomas R; A.
Josephs, ch. m. Floradora; L. M.- Clark, b. h.
Oulboul; D. J. Oglesby, b. h. Almonada; Grace
Bros., br. h. Ole; R. Freeman, b. g. Prince A;
George F. Jacobs, br. g. Walling; C. Dsnlaoo,
b. h. McKenna; F. C. Ward, b. g. The Tout;
A. G. Gurnett, gr. g. What Is It.
NO. 2, 2:20 CLASS TROT, PURSE $800.
Vendome Stock Farm, b. m. Nora-McKln
ney; A. Josephs, ch. m. Floradora; W. S.
Maben, b.-jr. Doctor Mao; P. Foley, br. m.
Lady Franard ; Thomas Norton, b. g. Albert
X; . D. F. Oglesby. b. h. Almonada; Grace
Brothers, br. h. Ole; John- Quinn, blk. ht
Black Bart; A. G. Gurnett, rr. r. What I« It;
I. Mulholland, br. g. Petery Jackson; R. Free
man, b. jr.- Prince L; T./C. Cabney, br. m.
Pearl K; S. J. Dunlop, b/m. Lucy G; Georss
F. Jacobs, br. jr. Walling; G. Denlson, b. h-
McKenna; Tuttle Brothers, b. m. Rosalind.
PURSE *S0O.
NO. 1, 2:40 CLASS TROT,
The pool room privilege was awarded to
Caesar Young of* San Francisco for
$17,505. The entry list presented axid
adopted was as follows:" • —
There are twelve more running races
than last year and the entries are usual
ly satisfactory, both in class and number.
The Stanford stakes has eleven, this year,
against seven a year ago.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 10.— A meeting
of the executive committee of the
State Board of Agriculture was
held to-day for the • purpose of
opening bids for various privileges
and' to. pass upon the entry list for races.
John Weber, br. f. Torso Maid; J. D. Dunn,
ch. c. . Marello: G. AberCTomble. ch. c. Yellow
stone: G. Abercromble. ch. I. You You; Stem
ler & Co., ch. c. Quiet; Stemler & Co., br. t.
Dlvlna; R. Husrhes, ch. c. Jim Roberts; R.
Hughes, ch. f. Jennie Hughes; W. B. Sink Jr.,
b. g. Royalty: J. P. Atkins, b." g. Jarretierre
d'Or; J. P. Atkins, b. c. Achilles; P. Dona-
ANNUAL STAKE.
.G. Parislen, br. g., 3. .Master Cal: T. J.
Fields, b. g.. 3, Rey Dare: John Weber, b. m.,
a, Llzella: James Coffey. ch. g.. 3. Galanthus;
James Coffey, ch. g., 6, Opponent; George Mil
ler, br. c, 4, Sir Hampton; F. D. Weir. ch. g.,
6, Merops; P. Donaleche. b. c, 8, Wardman;
P. Donaleche, b. c. 3. Cantinus; Burnt &
Waterhouse. b. g., 6. Scotch Plaid; J. Mc-
Govern, ch. m.', B, Torslda; G. Summers &
Co., ch. g., a. True Blue; W. L. Stanfleld. b.
g.. 3. Jim Hale; J. S. Campbell, b. g., 5, El
Mido; Owens Brothers, ch. f., 4, Flush of Gold;
L. S. Young, b. g., 6, Twlnkler; W. B. Jen
nings & Co., b. h., 4. Vesuvian: W. B. Jen
nings & Co., b. c, 3. Canmore; W. B. Jen
nings & Co.. b. t.. 4. Andrlsa.
"NO. 7. THE CALIFORNIA STATE FAIR
NO. 6. THE GOVERNOR'S STAKE.
John Weber, br. f., Torso Maid; A. K. Wack
mat, b. f. Mabel Cluff; Georsre Snider, ch. f.
Quadra; P. Holly, b. t. Rosary; G. Aber
cromble. ch. f.. You You: Stemler & Co.. br.
f. Dlvlna; R. Hughes, ch. t. Jenny Hughes;
James Coffey, ch. f. Evea G.; F. D. Weir, br.
f. Flattered; Lone Stable, b. /. Yankee Dame;
Burns & Waterhouse, b. f. Doreen; J. S. Gib
son, b. f. Josie G. ; J. S. Campbell, ch. t. In
nocencla; J. S. Campbell, b. f. Louwelsea; W.
B. Jennings &. Co., b. f. Sister Jeannle; A, T.
Ross, br. f. Sue • Robinson.
NO. B. SUNNY SLOPE STAKE.
T. J. Field, b. g.. 8, Rey Dare; R. Wilson,
ch. g., S, Byron Rose; J. Coffey, ch. g., 3.
Galanthus; P. Donaleche, b. c, 3, Wardman;
C. Earl & Co., b. m.. 4, Coming Event; C
Young-, ch. h., 5. Meehanus; Burns & Water
house, ch. g., 3. Rollick; G. Summers & Co.,
ch. g., a. True Blue; W. L. Stanfield, b. g.,
3, Jim Hale; Owens Brothers, b. g., 3, Grafter;
E. F. Schwartz, b. m.. 8. Odd Eyes; W. B.
Jennings & Co.. b. h., 4. Vesuvian; W. B.
Jennings & Co., b. c. 3. Canmore; W. B.
Jennings & Co., b. f., 4, Andriea.
NO. 4. THE VINCTOR STAKE.
T. V J. Field, b. g., 8, Key Dare: O. Aber
croRible, ch. »., 6. Rio Chico; James Coffey,
ch. g., 3. Galanthus; Jamea Coffey. ch. g., 8,
Opponent: George Miller, br. c, 4, Sir Hamp
ton; F. D, "Weir, b. g.. 4, Prestidigitator; C.
Earl & Co., b. m., 4, Coming Evant; C.
Young, ch. m., 3, Eonic; Burns & Waterhouse,
ch. g., 8, Rollick; Burns & Waterhouse, b. g.,
6, Scotch Plaid; J. McGovem. ch. m., •. Tor
sida: G. Summers & Co., ch. g., 9, True Blue;
W. L. Stanfleld. b. g., 3, Jim Hale; J. S. Glb-
Eon, b. I., 3, Narra G; J. S. Campbell, b. g.,
6. El Mldo; Owens Bros., b. g., 3, Grafter;
M. Duffy, b. g., 4. Phlegon.
ING STAKE.
J. D. Dunn, ch. c. Marello; G. Abercromble.
ch. c. Yellowstone; G. Abercromble. eh. t. You
You; Stemler & Co., ch. c. Quiet; Stemler &
1 Co.. br. f. Dlvlna; R. Hughes, ch. c. Jim Rob
erts; P. E. Smith, blk. g. Robert Bonner; W.
B. Sink Jr., b. g. Royalty; J. Coffey. ch. f.
EveaG.; I. P. Atkins, b. g., Jarretlerre D'Or;
I. P. Atkins, b. e. Achilles: P. Donaleche. b.
g. Sol; J. Humphrey*, ch. g. Maraschino: Burns
& Waterhouse, b. t. Doreen; G. Summers ft
Co., br. g. Waterscratch ; G. Summers & Co.,
ch. g. Tyrannut ;. G. Summers & Co.. ch. g.
Rubina; J. S. Campbell, b. c. Huachuca; J.
S. Campbell, ch. c. Estrado; M. Kane. b. t.
Nonle. . i
NO. 8, SACRAMENTO STATE TAXR SEXXr-
NO. 2, SHAFTER SELLING STAKE.
"vTllson's ch. g., 3, Byron Rose: G. Abercrom
ble's ch. m., 6, Mocorito; C. Karl & Co.'s b.
m., 4, Coming Event; C. Young's ch. h., 5, Mee
hanus; Burns & Waterhouse's b. t., 2, Doreen;
Burns & Waterhouse's ch. g., Z, Rollick: G.
Secrest & Co.'b b. t., 3, Roundhead; G. Sum
mers & Co.'b ch. g.,' a. True Blue; J. S. Gib
son's b. g., 4,' John BoggsSJ. S. Gibson's b. I..
Z; Narra G; J. S. Campbell's b. f.. 2. Louwel
sea; J. S. Campbell's b. c, 2. Huachuca: M.
Kane' b b. g., 4, Heraldo; Owens Bro9.' ch. f., 4,
Flush of Gold: M. Duffy's b. /?.. 4, Phiegon; D.
S. Fountain's ch. g.. 4. Doublet.
Blues, an Outsider in Price,
Lands the Saratoga /
Sweepstakes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Champion TworYear-Old
Filly Is Defeated liy
• a Head.
C5_i- ... ...; . . JfZ i .',.. - ~-* : 'V ¦¦ •' :"V"-"V_'
Running Events Are Increased" by Twelve Over the Number
Last Year, and the Executive Committee of the Board of
Agriculture Is- Pleased With the Prospect of a Notable Success
GOLDSMITH WINS
FROM BLUE GIRL
CELEBRATED HORSES ARE ENTERED
FOR RACES AT THE STATE CAPITAL
rHES^ FRANCISCO CALL-; SIW^
Petitions - in Insolvency, were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as* follows : Robert' B. -' . Sherman,' 'fruit
grower, Newcastle; 1 liabilities t. $7648 17, no
assets; F. I. Brazil, peddler, Oakland, lia
bilities $1237 97, assets $385; . Wesley . Reed
farmer. Winters, liabilities $1526 19, no as
sets.. Creditors, of C. P.* Willing, a. ¦¦ mer
chant - of Sierra City, filed a petition *, to
have him -declared 'an Involuntary insol
vent. - - - - ' * .'^ ¦ -^
Petitions in Insolvency.
••; , ;,; NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 10.— The score: . r .
-Clubs—': I '¦-¦')'¦ '¦' ' R. ' H. E.
St.* Louis a... ........ ..'.^....¦.......¦5 '¦ \ 15 1
Cincinnati -..¦:. ;;.". 8 15 '.• " 3
Batteries— Powell, Nichols and Scrlver; Stlm
mel and Bergen. "Umpire— Brown.
I . PHILADELPHIA, 1 Aug. 10.— The score: • :",
, Clubs— '.;'. v V ;^" R^ H. ¦ E.
New ¦ Tork 3 6 2
Philadelphia'... .....5 8 I
Batteries— Taylor ' and • Smith; ¦ Donahue and
Jacklitsch.' Umpire— Dwyer.-. v ,- .••¦!•¦
Aug. 10.— The score, first game:
Brooklyn ..¦..:......'.'.'.'.'.'¦...!'.!.'.'!!.'!.' 4 . • 10 ' 2
Batteries— Dlneen and Moran;- Hughes, Ken
nedy, Farrell and McGuire." .
I Score, * second game : ¦
-ciubs- .;: -. - _ r.;; ; H . .e.
DusLun •••••••••••••*••••...•••.••••». o 9 ' * 2
Brooklyn .........'.......¦..... 8 ,'13 ; '4
: Batteries— PittingeV." Diheen . and Kittredge';
Newton. Donovan and - McGuire. . Umpires-
East and Nash. : ;- ¦.- ;.." ¦¦:.-
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, cf.....'. ..6 0 i 0 0 0 0
Hildebrand, If. ..4 3S 1. 8 O'O
Schwartz, 2b 1 2 0 1 0 3 X
Pabct. 1b 6 0 1 1 12 0 0
16
FREE ANOTHER WEE*?!
Drs. Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts
Give Their Services Free This Week.
IN ORDER TO DEMONSTRATE TO THE SICK AND AFFLICTED THE VALUE OF CORRECT DIAG-
nosis in the cure of Deafness, Catarrh and all forms of Nervous and Complicated Chronic Diseases'. Drs. Shores
have arranged to examine absolutely free of charge all who apply before August 18. Drs. Shores will tell you, free,
v what the disease is from which you suffer, the "CAUSE" of your ailment and "WHETHER" or not you can be cured.
¦ * This grand special offer goes into effect, AT ONCE and holds good every day this week up to SATURDAY
NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK, AUGUST 17, to all who apply. Difficult and obscure cases especially invited. Apply any
day this week. . . \
TEST DRS. SHORES' SKILL AT DRS. SHORES' EXPENSE.
This free expert examination is given by Drs. Shores for the special benefit -of those who are m DOUBT as to
what their ailment really is. It wilt also allow the public to test, free, Drs. Shores' skill as expert physicians and spe-
cialists at Drs. Shores' expense. Drs. Shores court the fullest investigation. This expert examination is absolutely
free to all who apply before August 18. YOU WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO TAKE TREATMENT OR
PAY DRS. SHORES ONE CENT.
Drs. Shores know there are thousands of sick people with Catarrh or some OBSCURE, NERVOUS OR
COMPLICATED CHRONIC DISEASE who blindly doctor year after year with this doctor or that, and spend hun-
dreds of dollars on *FAKE PATENT MEDICINES"; who have no correct or definite idea of WHAT THEIR AIL-
MENT REALLY IS or the CAUSE of their sickness. It is to this. class of sufferers that Drs. Shores' free expert ex-
amination will prove of INESTIMABLE BENEFIT.
,. If you are a "Doubting /Thomas" as to Drs. Shores' skill: if you are deaf: If you have Catarrh: if you suffer from
any Chronic Disease and are In DOUBT as to trie CAUSE of your ailment. Drs. Shores especially Invite you to come. This
free expert examination Is made to DEMONSTRATE clearly to the afflicted that DRS. SHORES ARE "I>T FACT" WHAT
THEY ARE IN NAME. SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING SPECIALISTS IN THE TREATMENT OF DEAFNESS. CA-
TARRH AND ALL i-ORMS OF NERVOUS AND COMPLICATED CHRONIC DISEASES. Drs. Shores* voluntary testimo-
nials from San Francisco people each week POINT THP WAY. If you apply this week Drs. Shores will tell you, FREE,
what your ailment is and If.you can be cured. DO NOT DELAY. COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK.
After you- have had your case diagnosed free. If j ou want to be cured. Drs. Shores" prices and terms are within tho
easy reach of all.- $5, a month for all catarrhal chronic diseases, medicines free. . - . ."¦__'
MRS. MAY E. WILSON.
211 Turk Street, Saa Francisca
MRS. WILSON SATS: "lam a glovemaker,
and have lived In San Francisco for the past
sixteen yrars. I have been sick for the last
three years, and have doctored a great deal
with different physicians, but all to- no pur-
pose. I have suffered a great deal from LIVER.
STOMACH and KIDNEY trouble. My stomach
would BLOAT UP after eating and PAIN ME
greatly. My food did not seem to do me any
good, and after I would eat a hearty meal I
would STILL BE HUNGRY. My condition
prew gradually worse, until the past year I
have been UNABLE TO WORK. I also grew
very NERVOUS and MELANCHOLY, and
was very WEAK AND RUN DOWN In every
way. This was my condition when I came to
Drs. Shores ONLY TWO WEEKS AGO. I can
say that Drs. Shores have helped me more in
the two weeks than ALL THE OTHER DOC-
TORS. MY STOMACH DOES NOT HURT MB
¦ANY MORE-AND I DIGEST MY FOOD. My
kidneys and liver, are much better, and my
nervous system is .also much Improved. 1
sleep 'good now, and feek better stronger
In every way. ' . " . ,• ' -T
"IT GIVES ME PLEASURE TO RECOM-
MEND DRS. SHORES' TREATMENT to all
sufferers, for, they have- done WONDERS for
me. ¦- .'¦
"Any one doubting: this testimonial Is at per-
fect liberty ¦ to call on me. and I will gladly
verify the truth of the same.
"(Signed) MRS. MAY E. WILSON,
¦ "211 Turk street, San Francisco, Cal."
DRS. SHORES €r SHORES.
i< ¦ ;^iv specialists. \
C^teo^ H^TORY BUILDING, 723 MARKEf Si:
Office Hnun-Week Days,-* A. M. to 4 P. M. Evenings. 6 to 8. Sundays. 10 A. U. to 13 Nooa.
and Lung Troubles, Asthma, Stomach, Liver
arid Kidney Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Female
Complaints, Diseases of Women and Children.
He'art Disease, Nervous Diseases. Chorea (or
St. :Vltus* Dance), Rickets, Spinal Trouble,
Ovarian Diseases, Sciatica and Rheumatism.
Diseases of • the Bowels, Piles. Fistula and
Rectal Troubles. • Lost Manhood. Private Dis-
eases, Goiter (or. Big Neck)/ Blood Diseases,
Tapeworm, Hay Fever, Hysteria. Epilepsy, In-
somnia,, etc. • . " ; '.,-''•.
> WE TREAT CATARRH AXD ALL
FORMS OF NERVOUS A->D CHRONIC
DISEASES. ,
CATARRH— Deafness, Noae and Throat
Troubles. Eye and Ear Diseases. Bronchial
SPECIALTIES-
Vrite if Yon Liye Away From the City.
ing away from the city. If you are a suf-
ferer from CATARRH OR AIfY DEEP-
SEATED CHROMO NERVOUS 6a
S^\V4T^ H. ISBASB and want t0 know
EXACTLY what it is that alls you ITS
CAUSE and WHETHER OR SOT'yol 1
C^ f BE r, CUR «?°- WRITE. If you c2n?ot
call, for Drs. Shores' new question list and
symptom blanks. When you have answered
these questions and returned them to Dr<
Shores for the FREE EXAMIN VTIO:* bv
return, mail you will receive « complete 'diag-
nosis of your ailment. Drs. Shores will ten
158?
WRITE TO-DAY, If you can't eaa
ASTHMA 14 YEARS.
Read the Test m:ny of J. E. Wells,
' the Well-Known Restaurant Man.
! ' Mr. Wells says: "I am an old ¦ resident of
San Francisco, : having lived here since 1SS3.
I have several restaurants in. this city and a
great , many people j know me. I have bsen a
great . sufferer from chronic asthma, ca-
tarrh and bronchial trouble for the past four-
teen yearn. My asthma ' bothered me so
much It Interfered with my sleep. I "would
have to get up half a dozen times in a night.
I would cough and raise a great deal.. Some
nlRhttt .¦- I vroiild consh up - a Halt
pint of innenn. At times my asthma would
get so bad. I. feared I would' choke to
death. My asthma, bronchial and catarrhal
trouble • so • reduced . me that - when " I came to
Drs. ¦ Shores three months ago 1 1 1 only.
TvelKhed 117 ponnd*. I. felt weak and
run down -in every way. I have doctored
with i fourteen: different doctors for
my trouble, but none of. them did me any per-
manent good. " This was my . condition when I
came to Drs. Shores - only three -months
ago. I can nay I feel like a new
man. I - hare ¦. fcalned twenty-two
pounds ' in freight, v I . sleep : fine now,
all night, - and , my voaprh :ifi much
Uetter.. I - feel - strong. I can say I
feel natural now and better than I
have been In fifteen, years. -. I tako
pleasure In -recommending .Drs.. Shores to all
sufferers, ¦ for they have . done wqndert for me.
¦.'"Any one doubting this statement Is at lib-
erty to call on me and I will gladly verify the
truthfulness of -this testimonial. . •'
"(Signed). J. E. WELLS,
"'--_•,: '•3342 2Cth St., . San Francisco, ; Cal."
J. E. WKLIvS, 3942 20th St., San Francisco, Cal,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| The Biggest Neckwear Opportunity of the Yeari|
1 THIS SEASON'S CHOICEST NECKWEAR ON SALE AT HALF PRICE. I
«fc= A most sensational sale of ladies' high grade the chanc « of the year. A transaction inyolv-
ZZ neckwear starts here to-morrow. Preparations @MJtSy ing more goods for less money than ever De- _*»
J£T have been made to do the biggest neckwear ®SEs5 b rk-/^ fore went " lnto a Ein & le Purchase, in tne 101 _^
£r business In our history, and there will be no are Included the choicest novelties^ sue? _ * s r35
~= disappointment either. Our New York buyer T^JJ WffftS ' BOLEROS « JABOTS '^^ V^??'a^r • UWN r5
S=: secured the entire surplus stock of this sea- ffijttfflvi CHEMISETTES, STOCK q COLLAR^_LAWN
SZ son's most beautiful and best selling styles in XJ^%:-,%\ AND GRASS LINEN TIES, .BMBBOIDEBED .
ladies' neckwear-about 2500 pieces in all-from BJ'M! > V :1 TURNOVER COLLARS, etc-every piece to be
•- the largest neckwear manufacturer of New . NT- f\-V<'l sold at exactly one-half the ' former selling- .^
g= York at; LESS THAN HALF PRICE. , It was /hf^,iS%y price. '
%¦ 10c TURNOVER COLURS 5c Each 7^K\ 11.75 HECKWEAR . . . . 89c Each %
E 25c HECKWEAR 15c Each IWY\ S2.50 NECKWEAR ... . $1.25 Each 3
% 50c HECKWEAR. .'. . . 25c Each \MW /•} ) $3.00 HECKWEAR .. . $li50 Each %
i $1.35 NECKWEAR. .. . . 69c Each } : M? // $4.50 NECKWEAR , . ¦ $2.25 Each |
g IMMENSE OFFERING BIG SAtE BLACK VENETIAN }
I COLORED TAFFETA SILK. AND BROADCLOTH 95c YD. 3
S= THE BEST 85c QUALITY MONDAY RECULAR VALUE. SI. 5O. =-
£^ Cmr Pnk Announcements alwari result In en- t*r* j**. SH TTe" Intend to make this an exceptional week for Black Gooda
as they never were before. THREE TEOU-^ll 1 Bradford's leading mills. -«
g~ BA2CD YARDS, all plain colored Taffetas, will K\B M. M -^ , QtZ*+ VARfl- Broadcloth and Venetian. 52 Inches wide, war- -^
be ready for you at this wonderfully low price. %y>-ii^ lHnu« ranted pure wool; a satln-flnlsh cloth of the — «
Jfc 'They are new, criap. strong and durable silks, • WflRTH SI 50 highest order; a fast black dye. On QS r -^
2^ made for the best retail selling s.nd more than thirty of th« "Unin *I.UU Bpeclal Bale at... .....Tud OOW r2
y leading shades are represented. Including Cream, ' Light Blue, (inn pUCUinT Extra heavy quality 50-inch Camel's Hair Black -^
S= Pink and Black. The luniversal price oC these high-Class Taffetas $I.UU UHtVIU I cheviot, an exceptionally fine quality, already =3;
sssf&szrr"-" 00 Y>rd 69c yard. •-««- ¦sa^s«jsg w T^ i . T «s eec
E 2 CREAT SILK ITEMS FOR MONDAY. _ •¦ ' '¦ 3
g— eQ A VARn CflR RRf» To better introduce this new make of . rrti* Ivf f\f*flZ*\/ -^
O»C TAnll rUn DOC Taffeta. wewUl sell It for "Monday I Ul IVIilBUJCly* , r^
»^- RniRANTEED TAFFETA. at a yard: 8ells pe « ularl y at 85c - * r> ¦ r ¦¦ • - * * %./ « r^
m~ OUMnftniCtU l^rttlK. and remember, we guarantee every k Cal-% -"iT H^fi ri£»tf Zk A-A.C YH =S
»I_ yard: extra heavy; of a pure dye; very lustrous finish. f\ Oul\2 Ul ISVy III l"lXCla nrnrL. I U« -«•
£^ Rl 10^ TAFPFTA This one 1« of the highest order, '
n uO*lnun CLAofk IftrrCIM moEtly used for dress purposes. It : The newest and most favored fabric for Fall on special sale to- _jj
«^— CJIftOYARD ' Is of the blackest brilliancy, an ex- morrQw. Strictly all wool French Henrietta. 38 inches wide, in — *»
«l»««w*^ inuui ceptionally fine wearing quality, colors of Navy. Reseda. Rose, Cardinal, Gray, Tan, New Blue; ~~Z.
•— fully 36 Inches wide; sold regularly at JL50. Monday 6I1-0» NiI «> Light Blue, Pink and Cream. For Monday only, A Ac <tZ2S
•^ at Yard O* — special price Yard TrTrV -j
| A Tremendous Sale of California Blankets. |
i»— TTe continue that great sale of White Blankets Inaugurated last week. A phenomenal business was done because the values in- — JS
deed m-ere extraordinary. The result of our recent tremendous purchase of high-grade White Blankets that were sacrificed to us by ~* "¦¦
j£r the biggest California Woolen Mills. - '.. lJ5
i^- CO QQ Fcr $4.50 Blankets, extra! CQ Q^ For * 6 -°° "White Blankets ' for < flj^r erfVFor 912.50 White Blankets, a -*»
J^ 0^.t00 heavy White Wool Blankets, tJ>O«t/O double beds. 11-4 size, the *f> t iOU 18-4, high-gTade, fine blanket;.
ft- with pretty borders; 10-4 size; good value greatest of all bargains; actual value $6.00 good value at $12.60. _^5
5£= at S 4 - 50 - Pair- CQ HO Fl "" J1S-50 White Blankets, an
oQo <Z.A QK For JS.50 Blankets, fall 11-4 CT f» T^ For 5 10 - 00 'White Blankets of *ifiJ»\J\J exceptionally large blanket — . .
«fc_ t3>T"«C/«J 6ize, with handsome borders; *p\J* I <9 a beautiful soft and fleecy for double beds and of the finest wool; — "•
*"" worth JS.50 a pair. wool; 12-4 size; worth $10.00. •: worth no less than $13.50 a pair. ,, '
. .... */ ¦ ' *^\^*
fc W COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. '
g FRENCH FUNNELS ON SPECIAL SALE ANOTHER SHEETING SALE. A SALE OF MOCHA GLOVES-MONDAY
£ HOHDAY-50C YARD. J~ ISSPF&S % 95c PAIR. 3
S= Regular Value 75c and 85c. JSS^JSS^T SS 2?*th?iS32? ?? ft E S ec " lar j J ; lce $l '? 5 ' ' 3
SE: We have secured another lot of the finest 2400 yards fine grade Bleached Sheeting Fitted- and Guaranteed. ;^
f*** imported French Flannels. The handsom- for double beds, 81 inches wide. « 43 A new lot just arrived. They are by far — «
gT~ est effects imaginable, in dots, stripes, Per- Special for Monday Yard lOv the best value we ever offered. Manufac- ZS
•»- tian and Scrolls, in the best colorings. In- . «, 500 d fl auantv Bleached Pillow tured of the best selected skins, in Tan. -«
S= eluded in these is a line of plain French rasing 45 inches wde Spwial ifvZ Br0 < wn Gray, with 2-clasp fasteners;,
S ; -z^--^" 1 : 0^ 1200 YARDS 25c £PHYR GINGHAM i 2^^^T-P i h^3
E 25c IRISH DIMITIES I4c YARD; MONDAY 12c YARD, ' lOT?HJE!!!!lSSi
•^ We will place on Bale over 1C0 pieces of You never saw handsomer Ginghams this S3, S2>5u AND S2 WAISTS TO-MORROW —•
SS; the best Irish Dimities in the most beautl- season. This offer' will surely crowd our _ . _ _ ,.,_,, — g
ful designs and color combinations — the fln- department to-morrow. Elegant Madras . SB-25 lAUH. -^
•»— est and sheerest fabric imported; iwsittvely Zephyr Ginghams Jn exquisite colorings; w ""J^ —«•
S^ worth Zte a yard. Monday \Ac regular 25c Ginghams. Monday.... |Q r Here is an offer that represents the best
y ar d It-W Yard 1.4 V values and the smartest styles of thy entire j^
*»— ¦'* "* " "" , . season. But we need the room these occupy -^
C J i»\ ' rkllO riDCT QDPTiAl ClI r r|F ' for our Fall Waists. All of our handsom- *^
5T %''?*& \9Vt\ rlilOl OrLLlAL OALL Ul est Waists, made of the best Zephyr Glng- T2&
\ f • iiril/ rig I nnrCk O/IDTC ham, Madras and Mercerized materials "^6
Jj: r Jl I\LW, tALL LTJlLOJ OAlKIO. that were-J3.00, $2.50 and J2.00. fi>1.2o
C p£*\±i<\ We are constantlj' planning to give you o-morrow ac -^»
: A ' /\ \ somethinR extraordinary in our popular and "
\S^jL/j) growing Suit Department, and we assure you SAMPLES OF HIGH-GRADE
m*. S >F^> every late idea in skirt style will be cm i/ PFTZirnAT^ ' "*
S^ I \ found here to-morrow, and at a big saving, »3»«-«» r L M ILUA I o
St: I \ too. They were expressed to us on Satur- AT A BJC SACRIFICE.
ITT I \ day by our New York buyer. Included are if you are iookinar-for real swell underskirts, come US
J£T f \ the Correct Styles in graceful hanging and here to-morrow; besides there is a bi* saving. We
•*- ¦-¦¦¦| : "fVv Yi T,erfArf fifri'no- cVi'rtc t1i«»!atPQr flari flnimrp closed "Jt every sample on hand from a leading East- -*m
o— / \ penect fitting Skirts, the latest nare llounce €rn manufacturer- we had to take them all in order to - — g
7?" / $ — tucked. Stitched and trimmed With silk and J?et them at our own price. AH of them are made of _3
"— / X *v cstin hanH<«- hpatJtifrllv tailorpH- marie of heavy rustling Taffeta, flounce trimmed with extra -^
' >4V ,>-X<^>W SfV? , Jir S * . Dea ™i u 'y _ tailored, j maae OI wide accordion plaiting and edged with Taffeta, ruch- "^
pT" AwV^LX 3)l Cheviot, Venetian, Broadcloth, etc. ing. In every way high class; to be sold .as"* follows: =3
£ Onspe S l n? e t?i;n *« tnisn t>* * mm $6.95 Each $7.45 Each $11.50 Each 3
— -^ ' JOiUU, *0.0U 10 tlZ.OU taClli Worth $6.00. Worth $10.00. Worth U2.50. Worth $18.00. Z2. James J. • Hill, the railway magnate,
was at one time a Mississippi steamboat
Vrunner.'.V: and as such well known In the
early development of Milwaukee. - He
was . then accounted one of the best
"drummers" of business for river boat*.
The. general Impression is that gold Is
the"> greatest. of all precious metals, but
scientists assert . that : there are at least
seventeen metals on the roll of metal
lurgy,-that are greater In value than the
yellow, metal. ' .
And.every pair of shoes of the California
Shoe Company trust be gone. To-morrow
there willbe on sale the' regular $2 50 shoe,
for men-and .women';''* at $1 00 a pair-.^Thls
is an especially .good offer. ; Mr.. H. : Lesser
will be therein person to take care, of fall
the customers that * wish ; to « take I advan
tage of -this sale.;; Mind you. all shoes will
have, to: be cleared out before- August' 31,
no-matter, what 1 the 'cost, 1 so be sure and ;
attend ' the bankrupt . sale of shoes. .• 1506
Market street, 1 above City. Hall avenue. *.y
Only Two Weeks More
MUNSTER. Westphalia, Aug. lO.-The
remains of Baron von Ketteler, the Min
ister of Germany who was murdered at
Peking at ' the outbreak of the Chinese
trouble, were burled to-day after the cel
ebration of a requiem mass. The widow,
mother and other relatives of the ' de
ceased were present. A guard of honor
headed the procession. It was followed
by the students' associations bearing ban
ners and the chapter of the cathedral.
Behind the coffin came the family, the
Governor of ' the province, the general
commanding the district, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, Baron Richthoff , the Sec
retary of State and a deputation from the
'Foreign Office. While the coffin was be
ing lowered ' into the grave a guard of.
honor fired three volleys.
According. to advices received at the de
partment/ up to; July 3 the' revolt on the
island of .'Quelpart, off the- southern 'coast
of. Korea, has been suppressed by. the Ko
rean. Government, ,- aided - by f , the .two
French gunboats.'vAbout 300 persons were
killed in the revolt, mostly Christians: It
was ascertained i from " persons >.who .- had
been- on the Island that the revolt was
caused by an attempt to collect
¦ taxes.' . The ; substance of ¦ the - information
received is that.,the islanders,, who are
yery : poor, "refused to pay theses taxes,
and as : no > tax -• collectors .were ' available
amongfthe inhabitants themselves it was
arranged- that' the Christians. -mostly
Catholics , and 'presumably ¦ exiles." should
collect- the', taxes. ; v r A" cqnflict •> occurred,
and' before quiet ? was .restored jail ;..tKS
Christians had been killed. :- When the con
flict / had ."- been precipitated s ' between the
people and the tax, collectors itseems that
the inhabitants ' collected at- the ' town on
.-,; WASHINGTON. Aug. lO.-The State De
partme'nt gives the following: summary of
advices received from Minister Allen, our
representative in Korea:
You are informed that this deliberate publi
cation of yours has Justly. ' incurred", the -dis
pleasure of the department. For an officer th"u*
to attack a former head of : the Navy : Depart
ment because! of -orders given to. him \ by that
official is to. abandon the courtesy that" should
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— The Navy De
partment-has acted upon the complaint
made by the Hon. William E. chandler
against Rear Admiral Robley D. Kvans.
It has reprimanded the admiral and the
following letter has been addressed - to
him: :'-;: • . - : • -
* Navy Department, ¦¦?'.."•
WASHINGTON. Aug. 9, 100L 5 \i
Sir: The Hon. .William. E. Chandler,-presi
dent of the Spanisn Treaty Claims Commission;
lately a Senator of the United States and for
merly Secretary of the Navy, has complained
to -the department, aa you are aware, of cer
tain strictures Upon" the official * conduct of'
t the ' then (1SS4) Secretary of the Navy, r .-.-.
--.The text of your book It Is not necessary,
here to recite. Nor Is It needful to /ask of
you an explanation why you felt yourself Justt
fled'In publishing what you have. [ It is obviour
to any, reader, that ? you . speak offensively ; of
Secretary Chandler's action: that you impugn
his motives and otherwise traduce him In re-
bpect to orders given you by the Secretary In
the discharge of ithe duties of his office... .
The new motor, which is on hand, 'will
have waterjackets : to cool the cylinders.
This will add twenty kilogrammes to the
weight, but this will be counterbalanced
by the superior lifting power of. ¦ the bal
loon. >••¦-' ' - - : .
.PARIS, Aug. 10.— M. Santos-Dumont Is
opposed to any changes in his itinerary
for. the Deutsche prize and desires no bet
ter 'turning post : than-the Eiffel tower.
The silk for the new balloon will be cut
to-morrow and sev:n together in a day or
two. The varnishing and drying will take
at most three vweeks. and the balloon is
expected: to be ready by Augrus.". 31. ' - ¦
Airship.
the Reconstruction of His
Making Important Improvements in
M. l SAUT0S^DUM0NT
. " : : 'il,i.Z "NOT DISCOURAGED
Burial of the Murdered
Minister Occurs at
Munster.
Slain During the Revolt
on the Island of
"Fighting Bob's" Criti
cism of Chandler Is
: Cause of Reprimand.
THREE HUNDRED
CHRISTIANS DIE
REAR ADMIRAL
EVANS CENSURED
the. south side of the Island under the
leadership of an ex-magistrate and
marched In two divisions around the Isl
and to the town of Che' Chou, on the
north, driving the Christians before, them.
Under: the name of Christians seem to
have been included those ' who were not
natives of the island.. The fugitives were
driven into Che Chou. where many were
killed.. Two French priests engaged 1n
missionary work on the Island are said
to have been saved by the insurgent lead
ers until | relieved * by ' the arrival of the
French gunboat Alouette. which was soon
followed by.:the Korean merchant vessel
Hausung bearing 100 Korean troops.
No word has been received as to the re
ported renewal of the outbreak. . : •. :
VON KETTELER'5
BODY AT REST
-Admiral Evans has acknowledgred, 'under
date of August 10. . 1901, | his receipt of the
letter of [ Artlner Secretary. Hackett. . •¦¦. ,
- • Accordingly the department has censured that,
officer, \ as will appear from : the i copy of letter
to .him '> of." this date, herein: Inclosed.^ -I have
the honor to be. yours respectfully. - ¦ '.-.? :•
i .' F. W. HACKETT,; Acting Secretary..
Former Secretary Chandler was. notified
of the action of the department In the fol
lowing letter: ' [ ; ¦
, Navy Department, ' 1
¦¦'- , WASHINGTON. Aug.* 9, 1901. 5 .
Sir: : Referring to recent correspondence upon
the subject of alleged strictures made -by Rear
Admiral ¦ Robley • D. '¦' Kvans .upon the ' conduct
and motives of the Secretary of the Navy In
1884. published In his. book entitled V "A Sailor's
Log,'.' I have the honor to Inform you -that 'the
department . regards this , action * of Admiral
Evans as deserving of reproof. *> .
A copy of this letter, will be furnished to the
Hon. William E. Chandler. Very respectfully,"
- i F. W. HACKETT. Acting Secretary.
Rear 'Admiral Robley D. Evans, . U. S. N.,
Washington. D.' C. »: : .
It has become my duty, therefore, to censure
you for this breach of the obligation Imposed
upon you as a commissioned ' officer of the
navy of the United States, I accordinglr
do. ¦ ' ¦:¦'¦-¦ •¦¦,"¦'¦ ' ¦' •¦ . ' ' ¦ . -
always characterize : an orncer of the navy.
If tolerated It would unquestionably prove sub
versive of discipline. - It would tend ¦ to bring
the office Itself into disrepute. ' The act Is the
more reprehensible In this Instance, because of
your long experience In. the service. - .:
Machias Goes to Colon
and the Ranger to
Panama.
Claims That He Has
Been Misrepresented
by Interviewers.
Serious Situation Necessitates
Presence of "Warships
at Isthmus.
In Consequence He Declines
to Discuss the Strike or
Boer Question. !
Special Dispatch to The' Ca.Il.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON', Aug. 10.— Orders
awaiting the gunboat Machias at Hamp
ton Roads direct her to proceed with "all
dispatch to Colon, and preliminary in
structions have been given to the gunboat
Ranger, at San Diego, to hold herself in
readiness to proceed without delay to
Panama.
These were the Important developments
to-day in connection with the troubled
situation existing in Colombia and Vene
zuela. It had been the intention of the
2\avy Department to have a board of in
spection and euivey make an official in
spection of. the Machias at Hampton
Reads. This would have meant a delay of
at least two days, and she would probably
b ?£? had J to s P e nd another day in coaling.
The serious situation necessitates, in the
opinion or administration officials, the
t*J TTiva } 2 t American warships on
botii sides of the Isthmus. These gunboats
will serve as a nucleus for a larger force
In case the situation should increase in se
rlousness. Rear Admiral Higginson is in
readiness to dispatch one of the battle
ships of his command to Colon or to go
a JP i . TS th his entire squadron. Rear
« i'iSi. Case y na « under his command
In addition to the battleship Wisconsin
the battleship Iowa. It is not believed,
however, that Rear Admiral Casey will
be ordered south If Rear Admiral Hig
rinson should b« ordered to Colon. ,
Bullet Holes in the Body.
PORT AXGELES. Wash.. Aug. 10.— The
body of M. Link of Augusta, Maine, was
Xound on the outskirts of this city to
day with two bullet holes In It Robbery
Is believed to have been the motive for
the crime. Link was known to have had
considerable money, but only half a dollar
was found In his clothing.
LONDON, Aug. 10.— "I am 'going to re
tire from the interviewing business per
manently," said United States Senator
Chauncey M. Depew to-day. "I have
served my full term and have generally
enjoyed it, but there have been so many
fictitious and erroneous reports of my
sayings and speeches since' I arrived in
Europe this summer that I have cpnclud
ed to give up the job. . ; ¦ ...'"¦
"It is Impossible to discuss the great
strike Intelligently at this distance, but
the important thing to note is that the
prosperity of American manufacturers
and afirriculture continues in spite of
everything. The fact Is that American
prosperity is now so great that nothing
but a revolution can stop it, and nothing
can produce a revolution.
! "I have been seriously misquoted In an
American paper concerning the efforts, of
European governments to offset Ameri
can inroads into their trade and manu
factures. My observation of this move
ment leads to the conclusion that "while
the European . governments ) view with
alarm the increasing inroads of American
products, it is impossible that they should
successfully combine against them. .1 am
led to this conclusion by my railroad ex
perience. We often got a half dozen- or
more trunk line managers together who
agreed upon certain, rates, but when the
question of percentage was discussed it
was always found that their aggregate
demands reached 300 or 400 per cent. When
there was only 100 per cent to- divide.
There is no chance of European nations
ever agreeing upon a basis of division.
"I have not seen Croker, but he is. ap
parently getting much enjoyment of Eng
lish life.
"As a United States Senator I am pre
cluded from discussing Lord Kitchener's
proclamation,'. which undoubtedly was the
most important feature of English politics
this week. It is bound to create wide
spread comment, appearing as it does on
the day Lord Milner is returning to South
Africa. I presume Balfour and Chamber
lain will enlighten us on the subject at
Blenheim to-day, and it would have been
a. pleasure to me to hear them and wit
ness the demonstration at the Duke of
Marlborough's charming place had I not
thought that my presence there might be
misconstrued in the United States. It is
hopeless to expect European Intervention.
No matter how much the people sympa
thize with the heroic conduct of the Boers,
(governments are forced to determine ex
actly what effect intervention is going to
have for the Boers and where they them
selves stand when England declines their
demands." .
AGRICULTURAL SECRETARY
DISCUSSES CROP OUTLOOK
There Will Be an Abundance of Pota-
toes, Hay and Oats, and Wheat
Is Excellent.
TRAER? Iowa, Aug. 10.— Secretary Wil
son" of the Department of Agriculture has
.completed his tour of the corn belt and is
resting for a few days on his farm here.
"The weather of the future," said the
Secretary to-day, "will have much to do
with regard to the linal yield of corn and
final figures cannot be given by anybody
at the present time. Late corn will be
benefited by favorable fall weather, and
early corn, growing .under the best con
ditions, will fill out better with sufficient
rainfall in the near future. There has
been some injury, owing to the protracted
heat, to all corn fields, but much less
where rotation in crops has been ob
served than where the land Is perpetu
ally cultivated 'and crops are grown for
the purpose of selling the grain. "
"The oat crop is Kbundant. Wheat is
excellent everywhere. The hay crop Is
abundant. Northern and extreme West
ern States will have an abundance of po
tatoes to supply the States farther east,
where they have suffered. The sugar
beet is entirely > healthy everywhere and
has withstood the drought admirably.
"I have visited no locality where the
people need help from anybody. There is
an abundance of forage in the West to
winter all kinds of stock, and the damage
done to. the corn crop may result in man
agement in the future that will enable the
.farmer to avoid to a large extent a repe
tition of this year's experience."
CHICAGO, Atig. 10.— The packing firm of
Armour & Co. and Swift & Co." to-day be
came joint owners of the stockyards at
Fort Worth, Tex., and will 'soon expend
$1,000,000 in building branch, plants at that
place.
Packing Plants in Texas.
CLA.USE " TS ORGANIC ACT
VIRTUALLY INOPERATIVE
Circuit Judge Gear Renders a Decis-
ion of Great Importance to
. Honolulu Land-Holders.
' HONOLULU, Aug. 2.— Circuit Judge
Gear has rendered a decision under which
the clause in the organic act which pro
vides that no corporation In the Hawaiian
Islands shall held or acquire more th£n
1000 acres of land is of no effect unless the
Territory shall take proceedings against
such corporations as may hold more than
the limit set in the act. The issue was
raised in the suit of J. B. Atherton against
the Wahiawa Sugar Company, the claim
being made that the plaintiff had no
standing in a court of equity in an action
to quiet title to a lease, for the reason
that he was the holder of more than 1000
acres of land as trustee for a corporation.
The court held that the allegation was
of- no consequence, having no bearing on
the case at issue. It was declared that
corporation titles to land exceeding 1000
acres were valid except against the Gov
ernment, which means that unless the
Government adopts the policy of proceed
ing against holders of large tracts of land
to prevent them from holding more than
the limit set forth in the organic act they
are cafe from the act's provisions.
TWO GUNBOATS
TO SAIL SOUTH
SENATOR DEPEW
HAS A GRIEVANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, AUGUST li; 1901.
17
ADVESTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
K
DR. GREEN, Specialist. |
DISEASES OF MEN QUICKLY CURED. %
rnea Epreekelt Bcr.iing, Recn» 118-119, ; <|
Offie* Houn: 15 k. M. to 3 P.' M., 7 to 9 P-M. S
Sundays, 10 A. M. to 2 P. M. ©
M CM !CM ESTER'S CNOU8H *
Pennyroyal pills
E ,-/£"V Original o»d Only Genalne.
r-O*«Nv6ArE. Alw.reU.fcla. I,*£ie*. a«* DrnrH*
&N JgSa. f CHldHKSTEK^SfiNGlSH
rN^^t^ Jn liED and Cold mtltm* bott*. *etlta
5a lu>ti »«rtbbon.Takeii«otfcer. EcfBM
J *) «^> «vi l»e«ccro«« t>ulMt!t»tloa» and Jtmlt*.
I / , fn timar. B«y of jon X>rsg«i<t. or «rn« 4 c la
I • iff ««np« for PartlouUr*. Te«tliB*nUl*
•\\:/s tBr»M«ll. 1 0,O<>« TotineDUli. Ralftbf
.^ \ MDnt&n*. Chleh ester Chemleal O*_
(adostUiptpw. Mails.. 6«-«r«. PUII^U P2
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and'troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. statingr that you desire one
of their frc; trial packages, will be com-
plied -with promptly. ¦', The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy It Is to .be'eured of eex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man 'who writes .will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without' delay.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who- had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It ia a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can' now
cure themselves at home. ¦ '. ¦vrvi/-.^
to AH Who Write.
A Free Trial Packasre Seut by Mail
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
m. HALL'S EEINYIGORATORBfgra
Five hundred reward ror any Un"UE
&r« we cannot curt. This secret P"« Wfl
*medy stops losses In 24 hours, B !
"uree EmiEsioriE. Impotency, Varl- ESS HE
•ocele. Strictures. Gleet. Drains, f/JT.? ffTf
Manhood and all ether wast- U4J LtiL
r.g ejects of self-abuse or excess- j&fcl MB
«. Sent sealed. 52 bottle; 3 bottles. »«ISEaa8
L; guaranteed to cure any case. Address
I ALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 655 Broad-
ray, Oakland, ' Cal. Also for sale at 1073%
ffarket ft.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
ured. Send for free book.
J»*>^ **.»W *^K »^** «^^
I utf le Japanese #^^» s r i^» ¦¦* m Photographs at Cut Price, j
K Beginning Monday, the lig store will ofivr for the entertainment I HA Bb - H" Hfl HJPffl ¦RJ) l9 H B ffPft fflfi ¦ NeVCr hu the h! S hest c ' ass of photographs been sold at such little £
£> of its patrons, in Attraction Hall, second floor, the tiny Jjfta- BH iB^-f rB^w^ BBiSBtB JH B^^ H IH E§Bh P rict! as wc are going to sell them now. We have figured out the "<*
J ness Princess, Httls Doris, «^,«*. H iiP^ W* atod 118^
£ markabe children on the stage to-day. This little seven-y ar-old M W^^^m JmJ^^ « ml. *± _ _ '^ " T H , Cards de Vis 3/ inch.,, en heavy -beveled edge mount,, oer «?
J. Japanese girl sings, dances, impersonates. She will bt assisted by Mi»3 ¦^-TBF^^'fff^^ 1^T- : S\ SPI_M% dozen ._. $1mOO
g Natai C DcAngclisj daily from; 10 a. m." to 5 p. 4 :>»/S- " CAUFORN^ GRANDESPfSTORE ' Mante "° sizt ~^ 6 '**«* on h ™7 dozen
S 8ionFrGB ' ¦•¦:.- ¦ .,;.¦-.':--..:¦.-. ;-..;.¦.::-. ; - ¦'¦^¦r. ¦.-,,•/ --.;, : ;. , . . , c.bi n vt siw-^'^'n;;,;^;^:;;::;;:;:;:;':::$£5o |
I A Great Silk Safe Rev^^uars Sale popular Copyright Books J
|- Scheduled for Monday. v h^ yon^ Wc This Offer Monday Only. |
ii . ¦ TO- morrow V\e prese jit the mpSt Sensational Silk ' v "y ehSe-An?^ 1 • I Ab ? ut 5° fam ou» copyright books by popular authors that have formerly j
v values that .we have offered this summer— a lar^e «=pe- ' €?JW$iMrffi? p ° :nt Ve " :se> silk> sold for I - 2 5»J'-5o and $1.75 each, good cloth Of j^ >
I cial purchase of Flannel de Soie (4800 yard-); all pure '^^^^^^ Jj nd:n 8 s; . " e oCrcd b^ thc bi s store Monday only, Jffi BS £T£ %
; *r' silk; f the silk: that has Ij^P^^to^^ffil^r^atCpopullK .'^miSi^Su^k l iiktc ' * \: '"'."":'¦"¦"''¦" ";~y ••"'"'"". %mW%mW'%mW J
; *! ity during the past, two months, and which every one will wear during the com- '' 'F^MA WWm c l'"' ' D* Willongrhby Claim Frances Hodgson Burnett \J
»f ,, ing Fall and Winter. These silks are in th C n,w Fall; co-oringi—th e very lat- '''Wffc FW « c«arn ¦ - - gi-»»ffr£if - # ¦ SSSth ISS? Fheip.
J cst tints of light hue, rose pink, reseda, turquoise, lavender,, castor, grav, car- : ' r W% and / c ™' : SSfSVSi?^^*^? 1 -'* 11^ jTSSw^taith : f t S
}J dinal, gobelin, royal navy, brown, hunter's green; also black, white and cream. ¦ WM " lso * few L Th^choi^i^Uibf/ jam"l^finfa DaVl * ¦ • S
%* This silk is retailed regularly 'and is an exception- mmmW mm*Bh. - "^V !Jf& «- u ««n The Sorrows of Satan Marie Corelli J ¦••:• .; • >|
«>> », , , _\ ° .... r V|| \3k&. /LvJir L.ace ilska ¦¦ . ;t,.-" . , Marie Carelll ¦••,-' m
*» ally good value at 85c per yard; the big store's special Brt& &J| mVtt ffg^ ¦ -• Bo'eros ¦ '.' S? ra » b f s . Marie corein ;• "2
fa , i« ir 1 .¦¦{«' . , ° " mm Wm km ¦• *&* liy* ,¦¦'.'¦•'.<* Docros . The Prlnoner of Zenda Anthony Hops , "2
ft sale price, Monday and Tuesday only. " m ¦¦ ' : ' - ¦ ¦" : "' ' anl G ' r " ¦ Phronoi (illustrated) Anthony Hope I -3
* ;¦ ' " w . : . . ., ¦¦;. '^ \ dies, in b!aclr, rrram and eL-ru— all marked .' ; y ,I*J Quality ; Frances Hodgson Burnett ;¦; '?
Jf "~ ~ — __ _ one . third , one-half and more under the SJo.r'nfnSlrited) 10 * nSrfsrtS* Merriman \$ 5
II Torchon LaGe Turkish Towels 12c^^^^^.:.63oX MB^Sl^XST' :. SJST"' I I
5> . mm w^ ¦ ' Nearly 100 dozen unbleached heavy, goo4 Jl.5o.to.JI2.oo qualities, ... .Q fc McTeagrue ' .'•..;.'; Frank Ncrrla ji' 1 V
* YO Yard* ::*.»% Turkish T °«' cI *. inches in $*.S° »"d $3.00 quaUt^Monday...^/.^ C Me lS5S K^SS SS5 ' £
* ¦ : ««, reguary 15c each, . on sa!e in the" and $"i 5° qualities, Monday.. .$1,38 ¦ The JeBsamy, Bride • ,. Frankfort Moore ' • j*
JC 5OOO yards Of well made, superior Dome tic^ Department,' Monday _ J + .oo to Jj.oo pities, Monday.^.-gJ | - A^^linJtr^d)^ £ ' • - S
tf quality cotton Torchon, Cunie and en y, each...... .......,• tdiC $5-5° t0 $7-5° q^ 1^", Mondiy.. $3 a g8 The Greatest Gift A. W.- Marchmont I: J*
Si in j- ¦ . , . '¦ ¦¦ r ¦.:'- . - — '¦ ¦ .. The Gadfly ... B L. Voynlch i*' *
fc » Medici, ma large variety of patterns, . ' fl#>»##*»»»a»»»«# 9B - : AGentieman Player (Ulnitrated) Robert Neiiaon Stephens *- «
J with, insertions -to. match almost A»OtherSale Of^ ThTGe^eTb^ Ji^ D^'on I^FrHEf"^ ' If iFlf / I
J everyone, the regular IOC, I2^C ft OSS CUSHlOnS* • ary-Tneautho. ity on the EngUs'h language, . For the FreedoiJ Tof the Sea (llliU.) C^s Towns'end Bradr 2
ft : and I CC per yard qualities, on special \ tr , j "' .complete with an extra «upplem:nt of more «l'«*T el1 i«i T M^ . Robert Louis Stevenson 9
. | V« sale Monday only ,Vat the uniform f^MM^M^W^o^Ml than 5 ,ooo wor., with anew pronouncing \ flVU^e^^^nerlocV Holme., fen^ l£& ; ; ; S
'¦at--. ••-,•¦• .-. nm , j mm tovtrei wtn.tr.wi frasdoth, and e,2etteer of the world, with a new bograph- A Gentleman ol France . Stanley J. Weyman • • • ' ; .«
$ H- ¦ wh,ch enable us to put them on special sale nam . 5 o f. noted personVo/anchnt and mod- % The Landlord a? wfn'. Head [ W? D.^oweili^ ' *
| •' Notions at ¦"%,?& , ccsizc v^^r^^^-J^^-^^^lft^ B e' , 5KSa"SS?*. ¦ ;'¦ I
» - -¦«»•-•»¦»«» •«• , I Sxi 8 in., 35c sire. ..29o thousands of engravings, bound in full shsep, The Manxman Hall Calne •*
$ Emporium Prices. M^^H'S 3 A° . . StSfSf uftith 0 * ¦¦ • &S8SST - , %
* 's»«kin.^r,« ShVlHi M !r ' K** "'' I " 4-2o x DicUonary t on special .a e through the Trilby 1 George du Manrier . ! %
* ".-^'u- /?,?,' P ... SO 24x34 in., 60c size. 46o - month of August, if quantity _«, -. _ Under «fce Red Robe Stanley Weyman -1 ,- J
jf :^Kns?"oo°count;;ach;:;:;::;::i:f^ in ., 75 ,^......... S6c lasts... .^ : .[.\.S $5.25 wt^o^i^' ,g^^ nMcrrim " |
*f Ha'f Rubber S eeves, pair .25C ¦ ™~ ~~ ¦ ¦ "' ¦S
ig^SliiiPl m^Half-PHpe Corset Saio g^ J^J^H^J^. j
5 corset steels, good pair ...So W^W; . ' New goods ol the bzsX bTQuds made— black, white i^*f Trif^JtlllSr^^^i: i
jf. Hook on Garters, pair 25o A '']< A 1% J u \J #u l i s ' *<• i AA . ¦, V M f , There is a full line of colon, in a large yanety £
V Basting Cotton, 3 spools..'. So J^ *-< UFaD 311(1 DrOCIlC— llie DalanCe Ol OVr 14,400 Pin* purchase. J^Z^n of desirable figured effects and stripes. These £
J Mending T«sue, piece 8o \>" A 75C and 50c Corsets of American Co util— $2.50 llmported \ Italian • Cloth Corset— A w"^ WM > fabrics U on "^ "Tim 5
J Bone Hanpinf, dozen... #4,0 Mfeav, 2 "de s'eels; sizes 18 to 30; sal? price. . .. . Folly boned, handsome silk' flossing top .• £*§%,. *&& Monday only, p:r yard £ V
J : / ii *rf\ :..:...:...... 25C and bottom, a side steels; tale price.. .... W^^^^^^f " *J
j Very Interesting //te|f§^^ Crockery Sale 5
*»" SIlOB NSWS* ' ( \ V^\l//r/'i/ i a fide £tct ls; lace and ribbon trimmed top with I ones that wiU not push through, /. /^^^^^Sr\ j /101 s ATdllCfdV*
K . . , . ., , /r' V \ I ani bottom > our sa'e price ..50c handsomely silk trimmed and flossed; tale J. I M.w R.m!.i. «... I™ "5
¦ At special sale Monday, we offer \ \ J^jwm / ' " . - price ' . ¦ : - • $1.OO^*< vttl mlfffjC^ ' s (emish Stone Jars— __ _. •-¦.^.¦.; .*
two attractive styles of Women's Well- . \}^f/fjW\ H50 Imported; Sateen— Full boned, bust $3.00 BlacVcr Tan* BrochtXl'oth Corsets -^MOT(vl^^ V ™ W °& **]? #T~ f* "" '^ "5
$ Made Shoes, that wiil withstand much "A \HIBm b - oned and sik " flosscj ' * ilk \ mbro ' d « v °" -Short over, hips,. fu!ly goteJ, sizes aoto "mMilr\ St»Ve' for'iams™ m- I fr" ..^ -2
J hard wear, at prices nearly one-third /V . * rke - - " - : *J*/ P««.:.. :..;... .....^50 fW^ \\ serve, anJ o'ierW- J^^ 5
5 less than regular. . . Extra SpeCtal, $4.OO COHSetS SimOOm . •¦' ' ¦'":•. hold uses; regularly 3S c I vj^^: : :?
»I | -v These fine Vki Kid Lace S omc J - B - and Her Majesty's Corsets— In sizes 1 8, 19, 20, 21; sonic were as much as £4.06; sale price. . . .$1,00 Monday'^ 1 * 1 5*5C &^T ''£ "?
$ Jk Shoes e ither do th top with _ : __ _^_ . ! _ _ _ _ __ _ Hand-Painted'Opal Rose : J^\ M *
* / /W3i\ kid tips, cr k:d tops with pat- ...¦-- ¦ _ . e 1 a -S^^ \
I-/ rW Semi-Annual Carpet and Rug Sale. r»"5 S
» / X \5,l ' , I . • ¦ ...••¦ ( ¦ . ¦ " •* ¦ - tor cut flowers : regu.ar -*- --^ S
it I i \S\ soles, a regular {3.00 shoe in -•..-• .. w —^" «
g- nA an s^es and widths, Monday We jfuaTantcc :.thcsc prices to be thc lowest ever named in this mirKct lor equal SfJ^ 8p . J
g on !£o 00 qualities. Customers may select carpets now and we will hold them for delivery until 0 ; 5
y \^^\ &mmm&O fir»*nh i» 1 10m : • ¦¦¦¦•". r .. / • - • • V Decorated China Cream Pilcherj— Gold edge, 5
5> r ' WLlOUer - 1, IWL ... . assorted flower decorations, would be cheap $
£ V[> r "7 Tapestry Brussels— Large and small designs, dining-room, par'or and ' RUGS «t 15c each j special Monday only.. _ *
T* ¦ \l* chamber efFects, pretty colorings, a serviceable carpet, _ _, ,. . ¦ ,. , . ... , 7^ ,^,.T /• ; . « • •• • 9G 3*
% Ladies' Vici Kid Lace Shoes, « ' wo th 75c. .Sa'e price ' '\ ¦' , . 55C I" thl s Apartment wdl bs found a 1 kinds of Domestic Rugs at pnce3 Glass Care Plate— Fine imitation of clear-cut °5
J ¦ cloth" or kid tops, new: F'T- 1 ';' V -•••••••••• •••• • ••• whxh ws ars satisfied cannot be duplicated elsewhfre— - glass, large size, regularly ace each: "J
a>2 coin toe, patent leather j|&& \ Extra Quality Tapestry Brussels— In all the latest shad=s and color- Genuine Axmlnster Ru^s— S:z: 60x17 inches, Per- fi . .. special Monday on'y IOC "«
*£ t ; ps, medium . fifflimi'S \ '"P' bord r5 to micl1 , worth $1.00' per yard. Sac —— sian and Oriental effects. Sale price 9^>'4d ............ -^
S -flexible soles, a it V ) J prce • •• 75C ' n grah Rugs— Size 36x36 'inches, tiaveler*i.samp!e3, worth ]^_ yS5S>w^^ «
r/gu'ar $ 2 . s o fi» l/Sl ." ; '^ 7S C - Siie price. mwOC 7^^ "?
*f ihoe, in all sizes /k^*!*^ AII-WooI Ingrain Carpet— Strict'y all wool and the best __ ' Carpet Mitre Rugs— -Wilton B >dy Brussels and Velvets, a .mmmm' Sy*^^^if)iW S- + I ff/fy*^m ) ) «*
and widths— spe- >^ va!ue ever offered in this city, wcrth 80c per yard. Silcptice O3C nice Rug to place in front of piano. Sale prxe ." mOC *^fr^Aj.ji;^/ y
2". cial Mcn J av only, 0^ .,.'¦"¦¦. '. ¦ Genuiie Wilt>n Rugs — B:st quality of American Rjg-made Carpet, i^rr^r^-Z^^^j!/ "«
«f fl7 ' Body Brussels— Good co'oringf, high art effects, tw?.roned borders to • $ize * "9 lcet - SpeciaUy priced forthis sale.. ... _-« *^" _f ]f
*C W * ¦ *» * .. . mitch, Lowel and Whittals manufacture,- worth $ 1 . 3 5 per 0% _ • • • 3? ¦? «9 » O C# This Car.'sbad China Tea Set is worth J4.00; •<
2* ' _ .. ., _ • yard. Sale price 95C A.LWool Smyrna Rugs— Large size, iax 9 feet, Per- o^ -,-j it is decorated in dainty pink and yellow £
K UnmatchablB Price fOr ... * un and °' iental Patterns. Forthissale ip^O.UU flowers, with gold Unes on handles} there are $
k Groceries- Liquors Parlor Furniture .^^ p tt psnonS5Oaspecial8a!cMon - |
t fflOaf— B..t Dry Granulated Sugar (we f'« -^ -«h 9 o Cpe r yard. Sae price. 65C OnO-ThfrdJtfrRegul^Pl'lOaS. - ./.'... ;^^$2J85 $
f handle the best only), and it is the only MattintfS- Double dve carret rff-ct Da«ern S in a f aw an H ' - v Ab c ° U ' ' 0 ° *""* ° f . P ' rior Fur " Iturc . Reception Chair;,' Rockers, HnvUand China DInnOn *
$ quality that you can safely "put up" fruit * S,S« % • d ?" S " llI ?" d 22'fl ¦ ¦^ B| -£ > 7!? " ? J" M , lhJe " »»»f - Full rize, 100 J
V with, on Monday, 2O Ib*. ~~ } ' ' ig^ 2 lg OnO.thJpd off fOgulaf prices. - : • -, pieces, for 12 persons; the daintiest of -pink J
|f $1mQO a » mm «.- ¦-¦« ¦¦ ¦ > « - ¦ .- - ¦¦ ~~ "7 : ' ~~ ~ r~- — • . and vio:et decorations; we have just - X
J Coffee— Best Java and Mocha, the kind you scptemnsrFashiQns ' Photouraphs of Heavy Marseilles ***** tw ° »«» ««yi«, which wm be x j
» on^^. 35^::. 1 ?;.^.- 0 :^ |lpp?^l^iii:p |p«^^2^$ Spread St. 38. ' •£^^£939.00 $
J I X L Chxken Soups-On special sa-e Mon- tl^Y^^T^ tJ^tck^ns Ihh N 0 ?*"**™ California Bought in the regu'ar way these heavy Maneil- • '¦ — |
day only, % pts. 3 tin, ,or 24OJ pts., e^ Yo « " J"' A^r " W We will sell to-morrow (Monday only) an " 1« Bed Spread-, for fell . «« double beds, Mpti'd Undt*WmVt*Sm- I
»f tin, fUC- qts., tin, /5c. 7Zw6nZt cnLthT^^ . could not be S0 Id less than 1 1.60 each. We «*«« S Utt UCrWOar »
J 1r^nd P a""tr SJCCU ° r Erate "^o l :^^\S* : m^^^ % y ' inzss Ttrr Shirts, Hosiery, etc. 5
% V^^^^M^S, the woman whose figure I, perlcct.y propor- ISSSSSSS^I^SfflSS Balbriggan Underwe.r-Ught wdght, in blue, ?
* Monday, 3 for* /..^lo «ff« w>U read^y a pprec ate throng and grace- re^ ar m « rkctJ P^"'. . MondTonfy each S/.S^ black and pink ribbed; p^ garment. .. 50© - S
£ Tea-Good English Breakfast, ft,... . . . .35o ful hnCS whxh cha " ct «'« the S e mod*. These pho ojraphs give a vivid portrayal of m ? aaa y ° n ' y> CaCil H{ayy RIb|)id Cotton UllderwMP _ B:iIa^S 5
5 Tcmstoes— Best soUd pack, 2J^ lb. tins, no The September Delineator fully illustrates "c^ondertul gold fields ana the pen.oustrai.s -^ m ¦_ .. natural gray; soft, fleeced finish; nicely made; 5
».* • water, just solid vegetables, Monday only, and describes them on pages 366 and 367. of the fcr North. j ¦• OfCVC/C SUFttfriBSm per garment 5Q O jf
Jf 3 tins'.... ........',,.... ;;.,.Wo The September number of the po.ulai- fash- .,^ny °f them are artuticaUy framed in ¦¦**£' Z ' *¦ Fkece.Mned Merino Underwear - toy o |
g B..t Washing Sod.-.i lb. . . . . . . .f. . . ./o ion' magazine aiso sho^s LslSon' of a.Mhe LlfesS^^ S^ScS^riw D * a *' S ' OrG PwCe *' blue, non-drinkable and durable, hand«,mel y J
if. O arOf-Good table quary.reguarly 40c latest styles. It id. scription of a country home S^STw d-rab.e p.tures for 1 brary, Wc £a!1 mikc you a very appredable 8avifl finished; per garment BOO; 5
g pergaUon^onMonday.sgal- jft^ will be apprecia rib, these whes, tastes run in 8 ' tt '"B-room, hall or offi.e. on m3i t of your bicycle fittings-for example- Men's Ur ion Su.ts- Becoming more and more S
J. , lonsforfi.50; sin- o : that direction. The viewj accompanying this ' ' —— ' - P««, r I ' "^P 16 '. .. popular every day for men s wear— J
k » glcgallon.. 33C OS^W. article on the Pan-American Expedition at Buf- SjlltCaSCSm Pony Gas Lamp ...r.Sl.OO In Cotron at $1.25 and $ 1.50 «
I !£2^« a -^^™ ¦ |^P|Sp^^^ h^ black, blue and red . g^d; |
J price whi, supply ; A, Pattern E^partment, on , main Linen, co^J /' E.ecWc Stroke bV/-,'^ ,%. 1^^^-^?^ fi5 5
ChVmni^Wnhkv-TTat fT floor under the Ladles Par t r. , -russet, ohve « / • «J Massberg Tire BeHs- 7 5c trimmedf cut fuU size and well made! BOo «
i 2e£ ooper«Uo« "Uand '^^ - A copy of the fashion sheet for Scp- . or .chocolare; . %& _^ — Jif.'y Cement-^3 in , S c; 4 in., 10c. Men's Neckwear-Advanced styles for FaS; 5
jf on special f sale Monday >=='- tember free on application at : the Pat- *^ 'iij ' ; nch .«- n/J . ¦ g - . w «^«,^or; LuggagcCarriers, ' 15V; ,tek' som 2 new ideas in the small four-in-hand. S
* THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
TEE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
B.KATSCHINSK! I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO, |
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Talk of the Town.
OUR
SHOE OFFERINGS.
Broken Lines of Ladies* Shoes,
BUTTON AND LACE.
Tan and black kid; cloth and kid
tops; sewed and turned soles.
These shoes are from some of the
world's best shoe producers and
comprise the following- sizes:
AA 3 to 8. C 2M to 5 and 6 to 8.
A 214 to 8. D 2H to 4 and 6I5 to 6%.
B 2\i to 8. E 2Vz to 4 and 6 to 8.
We Do Not Guarantee to Fill Mail
Orders on These Shoes.
S 65e
BUTTON AND LACE SHOES
FOR THE LITTLE ONES.
"We have placed together such
makers of children's shoes as
Lalrd-Schober, J. & T. Cousins and
Maloney Bros., in tan and black
kid and patent leather, cloth and
kid tops, hand turned soles and
epring heels, composed of the fol-
lowing sizes:
A S to S. C « to 8.
B 5 to 8. D VA to 8.
REMEMBER,
WE ADVERTISE FACTS. .
"We have no branch Btores nor
traveling salesmen.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
IO THIRD STREET,
San Francisco.POPULAR AUSTRALIAN ACTOR
"WHO JOINS THE NEILL COM
PANY TO-NIGHT.
_ . " V^ he S^ mmer schoolat ¦ 5? r^eley ,has;the3satisfaction of^knowing that it gave rise to more
"""discussion this summer than any other thing of tHe sort'on the^continent. . : ': ' '
It will benoteavthat;:in;iiot a single State this year.^
desire to have Bryan command take the stump for ; , ' '- : -l : '.''¦. ''¦¦¦'¦-¦'¦ ¦;?.'- .'..: ._, "
The Young Man (admiringly)— No faster,"
sir, than the subject* warranted.— Detroit
Free Press. •¦>• ¦ -' !
The Old Man— Your love for my daugh
ter seems to have, grown very, fast -since
you found out I was worth so much
money. .. . ,.' ; . ;,--:
Everything pertaining to the- New WorM
may be easily and cheaply seen at th» Pan-
American Exposition, and the best way to
get to Buffalo la by the comfortable train »
of the Nickel Plata Road, carrying Nickel
Plata Dining CiM. In which ara served Amer
ican Club meals from 35c to J I each. Boolt ,
free, showing pictures of exposition bulldlnj-a.'
Hotel accommodations reserved, JAY W,
ADAMS. P. C. P. A.. J7 Crocker building.
Ban Francisco. CaL . —
Are You "Of the Old World"?
The early cucumber joke may be laugh
able, but when It comes to doubling a
man up- it isn't in it with the real thing.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
CaL glace fruit 60c per.lu at Townsend's.*
A Salvation Army artist wrote on a bill
board in letters a foot high: "What shall
I do to be saved?" A patent medicine
painter answered it by putting underneath,
it: "Take Blank's little liver pills." The
Salvationist saw the joke and again used
his brush effectively under the cruel Joke
of the medicine taker by painting, "And
prepare to meet thy God."— Gllroy Tele-
S ram 43BfB8fi
The. Texas example comes latei/butit is none the less.timely. It will draw attention to. the
value- of timber lands and impress upon the public mind the importance of preserving the^forests
that remainTS^y and Jjy the people will be: wise enough to act through governmental authority
for, the protection' of the woods, but until that time comes it is good to have something done by
the corporations. • ¦'¦>f'>'i^-- " ; ' : ¦'.- ¦'.. ¦*¦'.'•¦ .- \- \
This step toward the preservations of -the forest, it is .to be noted, has been taken not by
the State but.by a private corporation. It may be many years before Texas, through her Legis
lature; will be able to 'take so wise a step toward the . conservation of her woods, and accordingly,
it is a good thing that this particular timbered tract is in the hands of men who have business
sagacity and the energy and the pow,er to act upon 7 it^; •¦; . ' x v
Even in the hands of a .corporation it is a new thing to have that "much done in the way "
of preventing the wholesale^waste of /our woods. T
that degree of good sense shows what : has been accomplished by the persistent efforts; of the ad- •
vocates of forest preservation. ,In times past corporations have hot been so far r sighted. They
have wasted their timber as ruthlessly as .prodigal, heirs; waste their^ fortunes. Had all owners of
large timber^areas been as' thoughtful as are the i directors'qf the Houston Oil Company, they would
now have /been much richer than they are. : v - r . - -' '
FROM Texas ceres' the report that a large.area of timber land in that State has been leased
to a lumber company upon terms that will, conserve instead 'of > the forest. The
parties to the deal are; the Houston Oil Company, which owns the;land,'a tract of upward
of a million acres, and the Kirby, Lumber Company, ovhich is tocut the wood and 'manu
facture it into V merchantable lumber. By the terms of^hecofitract- the lumbermen are to cut no
tree that is less than, a foot in diameter, and care is Vto be. taken that saplings are not to be in^
jured. It. is; believed that by the enforcement of the terms, the value' of the forest will.' be. con- *
tinued indefinitely. ; ..'-
AN EXAMPLE FROM TEXAS.
This week the new tenor. Agoetinl. wttl
appear in the quaint old Donizetti opera
"La PSvortta." not heard here for some
ten years before this season. Ha is, of
coarse, cast as Ferdinand. The new
prima donna soprano, Linda Montanari, is
also to make her first appearnce this
week as Desdemona in Verdi's "Otello,'*
in which also we shall have Salassa at
his best as lago. Curiously enough.
"Otello" seems to have met with more
favor here than In any other city of its
production, mostly, indeed, through Salas
sa's fine lago. "We were to have had the
"Falstaff" also* last year, with Salassa In,
the title role, but ilt never came off.
though | It was rehearsed a number of \
times; and I fear me much will not mate- \
rialize this year either. Too bad; but the
"Meflstofele" is a certainty and "Andrea
Chenler'.' and "Fedora" the likeliest of
probabilities. = Z-
. Not since Gustav Hlnrichs* wife, Mrs.
Katherine Fleming Hlnrichs. sang the,
part of Azucena in "II Trovatore," some
four or five years ago. at the Tivoli, have
we had so good a gypsy as Collamarlnl
has given us this week. Vocally tho
singer is, of course, much more than Mrs.
Hinrlchs' equal, but she shows the saxaa
genius in her dramatic conception of th«
part and the same self-sacrlflclntf excel
lence of make-up. Of the four roles in
which we have so far heard Collamarinl—
Carmen, Amneris, MIgnon and Azucena*—
the last named comes nearest to her Car
men in* point of worth and is so far one; Y
of the roles of the season.
Slgnor Russo's Edgardo is another
notably good effort. ' He permits himself
here none of the liberties with the text*
or rather none of the interpolations—
"lazzi." as the Italians Indulgently tens
it— for^whlch he Is somewhat notorious,
but gives a serious and almost dignified
rendering of the part. He la singing very
well this season and has gained more no
ticeably than any member of the company
during the year In poise and vocal round
ness and breadth. His voice seems to be
going the vocal way of dramatio tenors,
losing somewhat It3 lyric quality. Ha
may possibly be springing a Lohengrin
on us next year. '• .\ •
opera. Seppelli, Damrosch and Flon win
be the season's directors.
Rebellious Susan's lover consoles himself
In three weeks with another woman, and
she in turn consoles herself with | her
maimed Ideals and a husband i for - whom
she has lost all respect.
In "The Liars" the same smashing of
Idols and Ideals goes on, and all the plays
leave the same unwholesome taste In. the
mouth despite their undoubted brilliance
and genhis of technique. It is a view
"My boy," solemnly says . Sir Daniel,
after a long pause. "L. too, have suffered.
I loved your mother, ray lad, and had "to
give her up, but I met it as a man should,
and 60 you can."
Which would have been all very beauti
ful had not Sir Daniel just confessed to
Lady Eastney that he had tried to. per-
Euade the boy's mother to run away frora
her husband, and that but for an inop
portune illness of her son she would have
come to him. but hau vowed a vow that
if God would spare the child she would
give up her lover. And yet Sir Daniel so
thoroughly belie\ r es in his great sacrifice.
"You have never loved, it is easy to
talk," rails Sir Daniel's adopted son and
Mrs. Dane's lover, who has just been ad
vised of Mrs. Dane's past and of the con
sequent advisability of dropping her.
And that, I think, la Mr. Jones' position.
For the brave, beautiful, impossible
¦ thlngthat sometimes does happen he has
no ear, for the splendid foolishness that
la the one wisdom of a lifetime no voice.
He is the mouthpiece of the hopeless
mean, the deadly level, a master mechanic
of the commonplace, and sincere only In
his disbeliefs. He is at once the most tol
erant of men and the most cynical.'
Everything is reduced to absurdity. Even
Wb latest and greatest play, for "Mrs.
Dane's Defence" Is indeed a masterpiece,
he styles a comedy, and so it is if the
tragedy of a woman's honor has aught of
comedy about It. He has even sacrificed
bis wonderful sense of construction here
to his perverse passion for the reductlo
ad absurdum when he drags in a wholly
needless scene at the end to suggest Mrs.
Dane's lover's swift return to his former
love as soon as that errant lady's back
shall be turned. And with what quiet en
joyment he permits Sir Daliiel to disclose
the hollow-ness of the one great sacrifice
of his life I
"You may as well take these, for these
are all there are In the market, and they
are not at all bad when you get used to
them, take my word for it. True, Cupid's
nose is out of joint and Venus has lost
her arms, but a little plaster of parts and
they'll look as good as new, even if they
don't wear quite so welL Neither is
Diana all 6he should be, I own, but put
her in a dark corner and who'll be the
wiser? And this Golden Fleece only
needs touching up here and there to'de
ceive even an expert at a little distance,
while any one with a little ingenuity
could tack another wreath on Zeus' brow.
You want the genuine article? Well, I
haven't got It, and between you and me
I don't believe there is any such thing.
Good-day."
WHATEVER else Henry Arthur
Jones may be, and he is many
things that are brilliant and
fine, he Is never for one instant
the poet. Each play he pro
duces more clearly defines his lack of vis
ion, his limitation to the paths of the
purely commonplace, his boundary line of
the bread-and-butterism of life. Things
as they commonly are are Mr. Jones'
theme, sometimes even things uncommon,
but from the ordinary, standpoint, and
"herein he is undoubted master. For grasp
of the commonplace he is unequaled. He
has a "bead" on the middle of the road,
but he never lifts nor lowers his glance
to the heavens above or yawning hells be
neath him. His Is a gospel of the half
gods, the hymnal of a second hand Olym
pus, and he lays his battered deities at
our feet, saying something like this:
The Countess has a" brother, Count Fel
sen, whose part will be played by William
Bernard, a member pro tem. of the Neill
company. Mr. Bernard has lately arrived
here from Australia, after an eighteen
months* tour with Nance O'Neill in the
land of the kangaroo, and has much that
is interesting to tell of the fair Nance.
She has had a, wonderfully successful
tovfr, with such plays as '"Macbeth,".
"School for , Scandal," "Magda" and
"Uncle Tom's Cabin" In her repertoire,
and has also tried Ibsen on the natives.
They won'.t stand for "Hedda Gabler". at
all down there^Mr. Bernard tells me, and
as he came in time to see the Blanche
Bates "Hedda Gabler" here he was agree
ably surprised to see the size of the Ibsen
congregation' here. - Mr. * Bernard played
the part of George Tesman. I understand
the actor Is to play the leading heavies in
the new stock company that will shortly
begin operations i at the Grand' Opera
house! y *55H?8S
"The Royal Box," at the California
Theater, is also a pleasing novelty, the
drama being. largely played between one
of the boxes in the body of the house and
the elage. The leading character is one
James Clarence, a leading . actor of the
time, who has captured London. The
Countess Felsen is in love with him, and
he with her; also George, Princo of
"Wales. The Countess and the Prince ap
pear In the royal box together to witness
a performance of '"Romeo and Juliet," In
which Clarence is playing the__ leading
part, and the actor, realizing that ' this
means disgrace for the woman he loves,
publicly denounces the Prince - from tho
stage. Mr. Neill appears as James Clar
ence, Frank MacVicars as the Prince, and
Julia Dean as the Countess Felsen.
There are two distinct novelties Jn the
theatrical bill of the week— "The Royal
Box" at the California and Miss Char
lotte. Thompson's new play, "Silver
Mounted Harness," at the Alcazar. Miss
Thompson's play has been some time In
writing and a hopeful length of time In
rehearsal., and from . the .plot .promises
a good evening's entertainment. The
story is that of a woman who marries a
mart for a home and to free herself from
the quasi fast set in which her mother,
moves. She does not believe in love, hav
ing seen and heard it travestied and paro
died beyond recognition by her mother's
set, and thinks her admiration and re
spect for the man she marries a sufficient
basis for a happy marriage. She after
ward falls in love with a young lawyer,
a friend of her husband, and begins then
to find her. "silver-mounted _ harness" a'
gilded fetter, so to speak. A convenient
villain, also in love with the harnessed
•lady (Mrs. Latimer) ruins her husband
in order to get her in his power and then
offers to' save the husband if ¦ the wife
will suffer his attentions. But the hus
band commits suicide rather- than face
the financial disgrace that he foresees,
thus leaving Mrs. Latimer in possession
of the silver mountings of the. harness,
that she probably melts into spoons when
she marries the young lawyer, who has
come in for the unearned Increment of
her affections^ ... i ( t
' Miss Florence Roberts will assume the
role of Mrs. Latimer; White Whlttlesey,
the Wall-street manipulator who ruins
her husband; George' Webster,. Hugh
Latimer, and Lucius Henderson, the part
of the young lawyer, John Darlford.
point, clear~and keen, and as such entitled
to respect, but it is open to one to believe
that there are others, and looking on a
country fairer, cleaner, sweeter than that
Mr. Jones has pictured, or his temperate,
tolerant sinners have known.
COMPOUNDING A CRIME.
• Mancinelli i will not be among. the con
ductors In ; Mr. Grau's organization dur
ing the ;*. forthcoming season. He : is at
,work on his" new opera, V'Paolo and Fran
cesca,". the. libretto of which is by Bolto.
The Musical • Courier; hints at other rea
sons ; for his ; non-appearance this season,
but does not specify. It will be a matter
of i much regret , here.' ;. Mancinelli , is one
of Hhe -greatest conductors", of .the day
'_ and is probably unequaled ; In - Italian
The Sun is my authority, for the above
remarkable statements that certainly on
the face- of them . bear ! all . the earmarks
of the yellowest. of Journalism. Quite as
much, in fact, as did the first accounts
of the Roentgen ray wonders!
Mr. Hutchison's . instruments are* al
ready in use at the New York Institution
for the Deaf and in' many .other kindred
Institutions throughout the country. : For
eign institutions .have also taken advan
tage of ' the invention, and letters* of In
quiry from all parts of the civilized world
have been received by the Inventor. A
million dollar organization has taken up
the invention and is turning out the instru
ments as fast as possible,, but is as yet
unable to meet the demand. Applications
are received from all over from deaf suf
ferers, for every class and kind of deaf
ness. From the West Indies and South
America came in one day two typical in
quiries; from South America for a lady
38 years old who had lost her hearing aft
er she grew up. The West Indian case
was that of a. boy who had lost his> hear
ing through fright at the age of three:
For the lady, as she already "knew
sound ." one kind of instrument, "an op
era," wa3 recommended; for the boy, the
"teacher and pupil" instrument, through
which the patient Is' taught the meaning
of that which he hears right from the be-,
ginning. %-¦ \. . "
"It's wonderfully interesting to see how
they take It," says Mr. Hutchison. "Some
of them are simply thunderstruck at first.
Others cry. Oh, yes! Cry -the" way you
have seen people cry. with Joy. - Others
are like this fat man here (pointing to
one"of the picture?), simply in a rapture
of delight. Others faint. I studied medi
cine for a year so as to get a good 1 knowl
edge of the ear, and I bring the f alnters
around all right." —••»"•
The inventor has many photographs of
deaf people who for the first time in their
lives are hearing. Among these are some
pictures of deaf mutes at the New York
Institution for the Deaf listening to a
concert given for their benefit by Scotti,
Plancon, Suzanne, Adams and other sing
ers. : .. ' . ' -;> .' .
"The deaf person has a receiver of
•drying form, according to the degree of
his deafness. One style looks much like
the receivers worn by telephone girls. Let
a person with- normal ears put on one of
these receivers and sounds are intensified
to such a degree that the louder ones are
almost unbearable. A guitar, for ex
ample,' sounds almost like a pipe organ.
Music is not spoiled by the instrument."
AN invention apparently destined
completely to revolutionize the
education of the deaf Is one
just made by a young scientist
named Hutchison of New York.
The New York Sun of July 21 has a de
tailed account of Mr. Hutchison's mar
velous machine that reads like nothing so
much as a fairy tale. Men and women
deaf from birth are~ made to hear; those
who have become deaf through illness or
accident have their hearing restored, and
the stories r of their experiences are full
both of pathos and humor.
The principle of the invention is a sim
ple intensifying of the volume of sound
by? means of electrical intruments some
what on the order of the telephone. No
less than seventeen different kinds of in
struments have been perfected by the in
ventor, ranging from one that can^be used
by one person at a dinner party or opera
to one that is designed for the simultane
ous use of a teacher and a half-dozen pu
pils. Not only ha3 Mr. Hutchison proved
that his instruments can make the deaf
hear, but that their use has a tendency
to increase the actual hearing power of
the sufferers. On the ordinary ear the
effect, as Mr. Hutchison proves in his own
case, is simply to make the hearing rather
more normally acute, though on the sur
face it would appear it should be other
wise. Says Mr. Hutchison:
THE TTVOLI'g NEW STAR
WHO WILL, APPEAL IN "FA
VORITA."
These are the sources of good breeding/ and there are no others., No pedigree is re
quired. The means are possessed by all. In the homes of the blessed and transfigured and glo
rified mothers who baked. beans and made apple pies, there were better manners and better
•breeding than in the palace of a Duke, because they sprang from this natural" source and were
not affected and artificial. Heaven bless the rusticity from which we "sprang. It is the patent of
American nobility, and the world's best genius in every land has sprung from its loins. The child
nurtured on the lap of those "rustic" mothers, is now, as ever, the world's hope. His lineage is
more ancient than any Duke's, and his ancestry furnished heroes and made history when royalty
was a sapling. Compared to him the caste of Vere de'Vere is junior, artificial, excrescent. Over
the lintel of the American home is written the legend ~cf the Laureate: ' "Kind hearts are more
than coronets, and simple faith than Norman blood/' j r' _.-:.••
There, brethren and sisters, you are. You can't act like a strain of music because your
mother baked beans and made apple pies! It does not seem to occur to these folks who feel so
painfully their social inferiority- while " lunching \with the Hon.- Mrs. This 'or That,, that goodi
breeding, asrvve call the method of social intercourse, has a common source, which is subject to"
the use of all, gentle and simple. It is genuine kindness of heart, sincere 1 regard /for the rights
and feelings of others, and a generous measure of self-effacement, by transformation. of selfishness \
into an unaffected interest in the pleasure and welfare of those with whom we are associated.
. Poor Carnegie, poor America;; too young to have good manners and social form! The lady
does not unkindly leave us in the dark as to what is the matter with our. manners. It is a sin of .
¦ our^ parents that is to stick i« our bark to the tenth generation. She says our trouble - is that:/
"We Americans, without exception, spring from more or less, rusticity./ Most of our motriers'/
baked their own beans and made their own apple pies. My father was a man -of wealth 'arid I:
leisure and my mother a very beautiful . and elegant woman; but when a person like Hon. Mrs!^
Wdlesley comes to lunch we cannot escape the ; consciousness of her superiority. Sucfrwomen v
never speak nor act amiss. Whether they eat or drink, or whatsoeyer they do, they do all beau- ;
tifully. Their conduct suggests a strain of music." . " '
THE ancestry of a people, the kind of folk from whom they sprang, is:a subject' of interest / ¦
always to the student-of man and history. -J , '
!;, It has been believed that Americans have no need to blush at a comparison of their
forebears with those of any other ¦ ¦country." We have our, individualities, our" peculiar!- ;
ties, if you please, and so have the people of : other nations These are more or less- an expres
sion of our national . character, which is the aggregate of individual characteV. The most of
us are content with that expression' in our case, and have no desire to exchange it for the char-:'
acteristics of others. But there "are some among us to whom that expression" is so offensive that %
they desire i to efface it altogether, and with it to wipe put their distinct: Americanism and assim- ' ;
ilatf something else which they regard as superior. Mrs. Sherwood, an American: woman, has
| become a student of our social imperfections, and blushes for them. ; She declares that "we can
; not compare with our English kindred for perfection of social deportment..'' The nobility and
aristocracy of Great Britain have behind .them the education, culture and good form of centu
ries. Their ancestors' elegancies come down to them as do their ancestral estates. Think what
it means -to be born in. such a storehouse of luxury as home of the Duchess of Sutherland.;
One so born begins life under tlie most beautiful and~ tasteful of auspices, unequaled in any palace
in the United States. America produces giants of practical mentality, industrial and commer
; cial Napoleons, but it is yet too young to produce men like the Duke of Sutherland, who is the
; epitome of. the grace and elegance of a thousand years. Carnegie can pile "up, millions and dis
pense, them with a prodigality unknown before, but the uttermost heights "of social culture "lies
quite beyond him." ' 4 . * •
JOHN WINTERS, arrested for :ihe. robbery ,of the \Selt>y Smelting Works, has con
fessed the crime and Has, pointed out where the stolen bullion was hidden. It is now re
ported that he made the confession%under a promise that he would not be severely punished
and would receive a reward: The exact nature of the means used to obtain a confession may
be known only to the parties concerned in the agreement, but if the reports be true therehas been
committed in this case a second offense against the law; and the second is not less menacing to
society than the first. " ¦
It is a necessity to civilized communities that criminals be not permitted to escape im
whipped of justice, and accordingly statutes have been enacted against compounding crimes. The
statute of California on the subject' says: "Every person who, having knowledge of the actual
commission of a crime, takes money or property of another, or any gratuity or reward, of any
engagement or promise thereof, upon any agreement or; understanding to, compound or conceal
-such a crime, or to abstain from any prosecution thereof/ or to withhold any evidence thereof, ex
cept in the cases provided for b* law in which crimes may be compromised by leave of the court,
is punishable as follows." The statute then sets forth the. various degrees of punishment pro
vided in proportion to the magnitude of the crime compounded. . v.*>
In this case as Winters has~not been held before any court there has been no possibility
of compromising his offense by "leave of the/court/' Thus if the reports be true there x appears a
clear case of the violation of the statute. \ ¦' <
•The officers of the law should not*p>errnit a matter of this grave importance to pass over
without investigation. If. the crime of Winters has ; been compounded, if he is to go witlr a nom
inal sentence, with or without reward, the men who grant him that freedom should be prosecuted
in his place/ " - • ' . '.•'." \
Compounding crime is the most dangerous of all forms of encouraging crime. ..The crim
inal who escapes justice is almost sure to commit 'other crimes. That '"the Selby Company may
gain much by agreeing to let Winters . go free may be concecfed, but they have no right
r to make that profit for themselves by turning loose upon society ;a confessed -robber 'Winters
has not violated a law of the Selby Company, but a Jaw of California, and to that law.' is. answer
able/ The rights of the community are at stake in this matter, and it isHhe duty of the authorities
to see to" it that the law isVnforced. r '-¦' ¦ -'' * • . '
A MATTER OF ANCESTRY.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
MUSIC FOR THE DEAF
IS PRODUCED
BY A NEW INVENTION.
PLAYWRIGHT JONES
CYNICALLY
MARS THE POETICAL.
BY GUISARD;
THE SAN^ FRANCISCO- CALL, SUNDAY,. AUGUST 11, 1901.
the ¦; san; eEangisgo c;ale
J3H>T 6: S^RECKELS, Proprietor.- . ¦ . '} '. : ¦ ;: V '. : "Address Communications to" W. Sr'LEAKE, T :Mahager
SUNDAY . . : .....:.. ¦ ¦'$¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦••'¦ ••!'¦'•¦ ¦¦¦¦>.¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ :¦,¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦:¦ ¦ .;:¦¦¦'¦¦¦¦¦ ¦'¦'¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦:¦ ¦'AUGUST n, iqoi
Publication OHice ...... .*!.'.. .'.'......... **^1?S^S^ .. Market and Third, S. F.
18North Dakota— Miss K. N. Seward, Grand
Forks; Mrs. S. C. Edsall. Fargo: Miss L Bur
leson, Fargo; Miss S. Burke. Fargo- Mrs C
Turner, Devils Lake; Mrs. A. A? Jost^Bis
marck. • ¦
Ohio— Mrs. W. A. Leonard, Cleveland' Mrs
C. S. Bales. Cleveland; Mrs. B? R Rhodes'"
Cuyahoga; Mrs. J. O. Moss, SanduskT; MrS'
M. P. Hubbell. Toledo: Mrs. G. F Sev-mmir
SprinKfield; lln. J. A Candee Cairo! MrSi
M. .F. Gilbert, Cairo; Mrs. H. M. Chtttenden!
Alton; Mrs. L. W Irwin. Mount Auburn? Un.
S. Vincent, Avondale; Mrs..L. L. Taylor Pin
dnnati; Miss A. Bishop, Springfield
Oklahoma— Mrs. F. K. Brooke. Guthrie
w»°^and A - A - Hl » M- J-
Miss J. W. Hoover, Mrs. Ashbridge Mrs m'
T. Nellson. Miss M. B. Laudell and Mrs' M
J. Mitchell, Philadelphia; Mrs. C* WhltShead
Miss J. Cuddy and Mrs. >H. M. Doubieday
Pittsburg; Mrs. J. K. Brooks/ Oil City Mrs
G. Gormley, Sewlckley; Mrs. O. Phillips Al e
ghany; Mrs. A. E. Physlck. Chestertown; Mrs
W. H. Wallis, Kennedyville; Mrs * w T
Malster, Baltimore; Mrs. G. E. Kaddaway)
Easton;-Mrs. S. N. Cleaver and Mrs G h
Sterling, South Bethlehem; Mrs. E. G. Scott.'
Wllkesbarre;.Mrs. G. D. Ramsay, Harrlshurr.
Rhode Island— Miss A. B. Manchester, : Bris
tol : Mrs. ' E. - H. Porter, Newport; Miss Mc-
Vlckar, • Mrs. G. ¦ J. Arnold, : Mrs. J. H." Stlness
Providence; Miss Whlttaker, Newport
South Carolina— Mrs. R. : Wilson, Miss M. H.
New -York— Mrs. Seth Low, New York: Mrs.
£' H -i^' Bh £ N t w York: Mr »- p - R- Sturgis,
S^ 1^: MrS> xT F - Delaneld, New York; Mrs!
M. E. Watson, New York; Miss Cornelia Jay,
New York; Mrs. W. B. Cutting, New York;
£! 18 /? . *• Schuyler, New Rochelle; Mrs. H.
Mollett New York: Mrs. W. F. Sage. Me
hands; Mrs. J. K. Page, Schenectady; Mrs. W.
B. Van Rensselar, Albany; Mrs. A. Van Nos
tx A> ?? hen^ cta T dy i, Mrs ' F ' FInla y. Cham
plain; Miss E. J. Hughes, Gllbertsville; Mrs.
G. W. Stedman, Albany; Mrs. E. L. Knicker
bocker. New York; Miss L. C. Watson IJtica*
Mrs. N C. Stiles. Watertown; Mrs?' C. H.'
Thoin, Utlca: Mrs. E. H. Coley, Utica; Mrs.
J. H. Egar Rome; Mrs. J. E. JuIIand, Greene;
Mrs. J. Albro. Syracuse; Mrs. E. C. Stewart,
Ithaca; Mrs. W. Crocker. Utlca: MIbs M E
Cornell. Ithaca: Mrs. J." E. Lanestaft* Br'nnlc"
lyn: Mrs. G. G. Hopkins. ftX^ltaK.
W. Roberts, Brooklyn; Mrs. Samuel - Cox
Garden City; Mrs. C. F. Wlllard. Brooklyn';
Mrs. T. N. Nicholas, Geneva; Mrs. F Glf
ford. Jamfstown: Mrs. T. T. White, Rochester;'
Mrs. D. S. Chamberlain. Lyons.
North Carolina— Mrs. N. Harding. Washing
ton; Mrs. F. Duffy. Newbern; Miss J D
Hughes. Newbern; Miss M. E. Horner ' Ox
ford; Mrs. T. N. Hill. Tarboro; MI™F. H.
Busbee, Raleigh. ¦
Big New York Delegation.
.New Jersey— Mrs. S. A. Clark, Elizabeth:
Miss M. T. Kingdon, Burlington: Miss H P
Townsend. Elizabeth; Mrs. C. J. Taggart Bur
lington; Mrs. T. R. White, Elizabeth; Mrs.
T. A. Starkey, East Orange; Mrs. D. Sawyer,
Montclalr; Mrs. J. Mersereau, East Orange;
M>s. J. L. Truslow, New York; Mrs F c'
Upton, Newark: Miss E. Peters, Newark; Mrs'
J. S. Palmer, Summit.
New Mexico— Mrs. T. H. Conklin, El Paao;
Mrs. F. M. John, El Paso.
New Hampshire— Mrs. Nlles, Concord; Mrs.
S. Humphrey, Concord; Mrs. F. K. Lane, Con
cord; Mrs. J. Carpenter, Manchester; Miss M.
F. Duxbury, Dover. — . p
Mackenzie, Sault Ste. Marie; Mrs. A. Maitland
Nequanee; Mrs. J. H. White, 1 Michigan City;
Mrs. E. Case, Michigan City; Mrs.- R W
Butterfleld, Grand Rapids; Mrs. J. T. Starr,
Coldwater; Mrs. F. B. Egglesfleld. Niles.
Minnesota— Mrs. H. B. Whipple, Fairbault;
Mrs. -H. Baxter, Minneapolis; Mrs. C. R.
Branson, St. Paul; Mrs.' \V. B. Folds, Min
neapolis; Mrs. D. Follett, St. Paul; Mrs. J. W.
Bishop, St. Paul; Mrs. L. D. Frost. Wlnona.
Mississippi— Mrs. H. M. Thompson. Jackson;
Miss V. T. Phelps, Greenville; Mrs. J. K.
Wright, Meridian; Miss E. Fox, Vicksburg.
Missouri— Mrs. E. R. Atwill, Kansas City;
Mrs. L. E. Tracy, Chillicothe; Mrs. G. T.
Lynn, Kansas City; Mrs. J. C. Horton, Kan
sas City: Mrs. E. C. Simmons. St. Louis; Miss
M. W. Triplett, St. Louis; Miss A. S. Cous
land. St. Louis; Miss Hoffman, St. Louis; Mrs.'
W. H. Thompson, St. Louis.
Montana— Mrs. L. B. Brewer, Helena; Mrs.
J. L. Patterson Bozeman: Mrs. S. D. Hooker,
Dillon; Mrs. C. H. Moore, Butte; Mrs. A
Brown, Anaconda. : ,.•
Nebraska— Mrs. G. Worthington, Plttsfleld,
Mass.; Mrs. A. L. Williams, Omaha; Mrs. A.
Noo, Omaha; Mrs. W. G. Sloane, South Omaha;
Mrs. M. C. Burnham. OmaH£
Michigan— Mrs. E. B. Palmer, Marquette;
Mr«. W. Sedgwick, Ishpenlng;" Mrs. D. A.
Massachusetts— Mrs. 8. - .Van ' IIT. Thayer, Bos
ton; Mrs. H. Arrowsmlth, Lenox; Mrs. Cheney,
Boston; Miss Cheney, Boston; Mrs. i E. •Ab
bott Cambridge; Miss C. V. Barker,' Boston.
Maryland — Mrs. A. L. Sionssat, . Lake Ro
land: Mrs. B. S. Randolph, Frostburgh; Mrs.
M. R.Snowden. Baltimore; . Mrs. E. C.-Gard
ner, Dorsey; Miss L. Lay, Baltimore;; Mrs. J.
Piper Toweon, Baltimore.
Maine— Miss A. E. Clark, Kennebeck; Mrs.
P. M. Blake, Bangor; Mrs. C. T. Ogden,
Woodford: Miss-E. H. Smith, 5 Portland.
Louisiana— Mrs. T. G. Richardson, New Or
leans: Mrs. E. Greenwood, New Orleans; Mrs.
W. T. Clunerlus, New Orleans; Miss M. S.
Plerpont, New Orleans.
Kentucky— Mrs. T. M. Dudley, Louisville;
Mrs. L. D. Morton, Louisville; Miss F. C.
Anderson. Louisville; Miss S. G. Stewart,
Louisville: Airs. L. • W. Burton, Lexington:
Miss M. E.' Harrison, Frankfort; Mrs. F. A.
RoBscer, Covington.
Kansas — Mrs. F. R. MUlspauch. 'Topeka;
Mrs. E. S. Thomas, Christian; Mr. E. Wright,
Lawrence; Mrs. D. P. Blish, Atchison.
Iowa— Mrs. T. N. ' Morrison, Davenport; Mrs.
S. Mehon, Ottumwa; Miss S. K. Weare, Sioux
City; Mrs. S. Caasady, - Des Monies.
Indiana — Mrs. M. JD. Pratt. Indianapolis;
Mrs. I. L. Beach. Lafayette; Mrs. C. H. How
land, Indianapolis; Mrs. A. N. Hawley, In
dianapolis; Mrs. S. N. Rice, Terre Haute; Mrs.
A. B. Huber, Connersville.
Idaho— Mrs. J. B. Funsten, Boise City; Mrs.
W. H. Ridenbaugh, Boise City: Miss L. G. Kln
ney. Boise City; Mrs. B. B. Kurtz. Nampa.
Illinois — Mrs. D. B. Lyman, La Grange; Mrs.
J. T. Hayne, Chicago; Mrs. II. A. Blair, Chi
cago; Mrs. V. B. Fullerton,. Ottawa; Mrs. C.
C. Grlswold, Evanston; Mrs. C. K. Lefflngwell,
Knoxville; Miss H. Miller, Quincy; Mrs. M.
de Toland, Rock Island.
Georgia — Mrs. F. F. Reese, Maeon; Mrs.
F. H. Miller. Augusta: Mrs. W. L. Cosgrove,
Atlanta; Miss A. C. Johnson, Savannah.
Florida— Mrs. E. G. Weed. Jacksonville; Mrs.
I. F. Young, Jacksonville; Mrs. J. H. Burton,
Jacksonville; Mrs. W. C. "Gray, 1 Orlando;
Mrs. E. F. Sperry, Orlando; Mrs. J. H. Wed
<3ell. Thonotosassa. - . . . '
Delaware— Mrs. C. E. McIIvalne, Wilmington;
Miss H. Van Trump. Wilmington; Miss E.
Rodney. Newcastle; Mrs. N. D. Wilson, W1I
mlngrton.
Connecticut— Mrs. E. K. Colt, Hartford; Mrs.
H. F. Girand. Mlddlotown; Miss E. D. Fergu
son. Stamford: Mrs. S. F. Jarvls, Brooklyn;
Mrs. J. H. Brush. Greenwich; Miss L. C. Jar
vls, Brooklyn; Mips Edith Beach, Hartford;
Miss May Beach. .Hartford; Mrs. Davenport,
Stamford; Mrs. F. A. Bowers, New Haven.
Colorado— Mrs. J. F. Spalding, Denver; Mrs.
J. Humphrey. Colorado Springs; Mrs. N. G.
Burnham. Denver; Mrs. E. T. Arthur. CrlpplB
Creek; Mrs. F. W. Oaks, Denver.
China— Mrs. F. R. Graves, Shanghai
Alaska— Mrs. P. T. Rowe, Sitka; Mrs. J. L.
Prevost. Brooklyn, N. Y.; Miss B. W. Sabine,
Anvik.
Arisona — Mis* E. W. Kendricks, Phoenix.
Arkansas— Mrs. J. B. Pillow, Helena; Mrs.
L. H. Rools, Little Rock. -
California— Mrs. T. A, Eisen, Los Angeles;
Mrs. E. Towell, Los Angeles; Mrs. S. B. P.
Knox, Santa Barbara; Mrs. J. E. Cowles, Los
Angeles; Mrs. J. McF. Pallon, Redlands; Mrs.
E. Woodward, San Diego; Mrs. G. F. Bu?bee,
Los Angeles; Mrs. G. C. Spencer, Los Angeles;
Mrs. J. Bullln, Los Angeles; Mrs. J. H. John-
Bton, Pasadena; Mrs. A. E. Tyng. Pasadena;
Mrs. W. F. Hubbard, Los Angeles: Miss M.
B. Elliott. Los Angeles; Mrs. W. M. Fresner,
Los Angeles; Mrs. "VV. H. Moreland, Sacra
mento. ,
Alabama— Mrs. F. H." Warren, Montgomery;
Miss A. M. Williams. Montgomery. -
Delegates to the Auxiliary.
Hawley; Trinity. Trinity Guild, Miss Ida
Brooks; Pacific Grove— St. Mary's-by-the-Sea,
Sunday school, Mrs. Anderson, superintendent;
San Francisco— Good Samaritan Mission Sun
day school. ; St. James' Memorial Sunday
school, Miss Gussie V. Petrie; St. Luke's Sun
day school. R. C. Daniels,' treasurer; St.
Luke's Junior Circle, Mrs. F. B. Gallndo; St
Stephen's Sunday school. ; Trinity Sunday
school, ; the Maria Kip Orphanage, Misa
Nellie Simon; San Jose^ — Trinity. Alpha Chap
ter, Miss Sayler Van Hagen; Sonora — St.
James', Miss Carrie A. Burden; Stockton— St.
John's Sunday school working branch. Miss
Alice W. Phillips; Walnut Creek-St. Paul's,
Miss A. B. Caldwell.
The following: representatives from the
various States and Territories and I from
Africa, China and Japan are expected to
be present at the October convention:
Secretaries of parish branches: Alameda—
Christ Church. Mrs. L. L. Glllo^Iy; Bakersfield
— St. Paul's, Mrs. McCray; Berkeley — St.
Mark's, Miss J. E. Hill; Fowler— St. Michael's
end All Angels' Mrs. M. B. Parkhurst; Fresno
—St. James'. Mrs. Gertrude Lee; Gilroy— St.
Stephen'e. Mrs. D. J. Rlley; Hanford— Church
of the Savior. Mrs. F. L. Mynard; Lorln — St.
Matthew's Mission, Mrs. E. Spenser; Martinez
—Grace, Mrs. E. U Ballh&cne; Modesto— St.
Paul's Woman's Auxiliary. Mrs. Keeting; St.
Paul's Gins' Auxiliary. Miss Zena Pervell;
Oakdale— Si. Matthew's Mission. Miss L. V.
Smallwood; Oakland — Church of the Advent,
Mrs. W. C. Shaw; St. Andrew's, Miss Wneaton;
St. John's, Miss C. K. King; St Paul's, Miss
M. A. Hawley; Trinity, Mm. Vernon Jones;
PaJo Alto— All Saints'. Mrs. D. Charles Gard
ner; Robs — San Anselmo Chapel, Miss Mary H.
Barber: San Francisco— Good Samaritan Mis
sion. Miss L. P. Langrhorne; Grace. Ministering
Women nad Children. Mrs. A. M. Catton; St
Agatha's Guild, Miss Effie Johnson; St. James'
Memorial Mission, Mrs. C. H. Anderson; Rt.
John's, Mrs. Julia W. Cochran; et. Luke's
Woman'* Auxiliary. Mrs. G. H. Kellogg;
Young Woman's Auxiliary, Miss Emma C
Eaton; St Paul's, Mrs. Henry Euler; 6t
Peter 1 *. Mrs. D. O. Kelly; St. Stephen's.
Mrs. J. LI. Streshly; Trinity, Miss Laura D.
Bates; Et. Felicia's Guild. Mrs. W. A. Deane;
St. Mary's Guild. Miss Helen S. Barker; Trin
ity Guild. Miss Elizabeth Brown; Golden Cir
cle, King's Daughters. Miss Eleanor Morgan;
Willing Circle. King's Daughters. Mrs. E. L.
Ereyfogle; San Jose— Trinity, Mrs. E. D. Van
Hasren; San Mateo— St. Matthew's. Mrs. E. G.
Shrewsbury; San Rafael— St. Paul's, Miss Edna
Hall: Santa Cruz— Calvary. Mrs. CO. Tlllot
eon; Sausfclito— Christ Church. Mrs. H. C.
Campbell; Selma— St Luke's, Mrs. Annie Bor
chere; Sonera— St James'. Mrs. C. H. Burden;
Stockton— St. John's. Mrs. H. T. Compton:
VJsalia— St. Paul's Mission. Mrs. B. L. Hughes.
Secretaries. Junior department: Alameda —
1 >rist Church Sunday School, Miss Elsa Kuhls;
takprsfield— St. Paul's. Miss Edna Jameson;
; "resno-fit. James', St Agnes' Guild and Sun
1 ay School, Miss Suvle A. Diamond; Gilroy—
I *- Stephen's. ; Modesto— St. Paul's. Miss
I rertruda Keetlnir; Oakdale— St. Matthew's
; tlrelon. Miss Frances Tone; Oakland— St.
, ohn'e, Sunday school and working branch,
! lisa Edna Hudson; Et. Paul's, Miss 11. A,
President. Mrs. James Kewlands. S*n Fran
cisco; vice president. Mrs. Richard M. Sher
man, Oakland; eecretaTy. Mrs. A. M. Lewver.
Ban Francisco; recording secretary. Miss Kate
t . 5> ey v 8an Francisco; treasurer. Miss
Jennie E. Hill, Berkeley; secretary and trea"
S rer '^i nlO . r de P*rt™«nt, UU> Evelyn Btocker.
6an Francisco; secretary, bables'^branch, Mrs.
William F. Mchols. San Matfo; secretary,
missions' classes. Miss Elizabeth S. Wade!
Berkeley; correspondent. Church Periodical
Club. Mrs. J. O. Lincoln, San Mateo. ""'""
Advisory committee. San Francisco— Good
Samaritan Mission, Miss L. P. L«nshorne;
St. John's. Mrs. E. F. Noble; St. Luke's Mrs.
George Herbert Kellogg; St. Paul's, Mrs
Amos Welty; St. Peter's, Mrs. Elisabeth
Henry; St. Stephen's, Mrs. F. L. Bird; Trinity
Mrs. William H. Taylor. """j.
The officers and parish representatives
In the diocese of California are:
Officers and Representatives.
The prospect of a great attendance of
churchwomea in October is regarded by
tbe local officers as assured.. An Immense
amount of missionary enthusiasm has
been created among the members, and the
help which the society has given to the
bishops has contributed greatly to the ex
tension of the church in distant lands.
Without the assistance of the auxiliary
the missionary work of the whole church
would have been greatly hampered.
The ¦Woman's Auxiliary to the Board of
Missions of the Episcopal church In the
United States will meetjn this city dur
ing the Triennial Convention to b* held in
October next. The auxiliary has branches
In every diocese and represents a ma
jority of the constituted parishes. Its
purpose is to help the missions by contri
butions of money or goods. At the con
vention In 189S it reported contributions of
over JS50.000 for the three years previous,
and at the ceneral meeting held in Wash
ington one contribution of $80,000 was of
fered. Efforts will be made to increase
even this magnificent figure at the general
services.
WOMEN OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH WILL
COME FROM ALL PARTS OF THE COUNTRY
Million for Gold Mines.
BUTTE, Mont., Au£. 10.— The Amalga
mated Copper Company has bought for
$1,000,000 the Clipper-Boss Tweed group of
gold producing mines in Madison County
Montana. . • . ¦ . . -
Tickney, Miss .K. Lee. Mrs. John Wllkes
Charleston^ Miss K. Hampton, Columbia; Miss
F. L. Patton. Asheville; Mrs. 8. R. Lyman
and Miss F. E. Buxton. Lenoir.
South Dakota— Mrs. G. GL^ Ware, Dead wood-
Miss M. B. Peabody, Sioux Falls.
Tennessee— Mrs. H. Du Bose. Sewanee; Miss
Cunningham, Nashville; Mrs. S. Rlngg-old.
Knoxvllle. . ¦ .
Texas— Mrs. M. C. Crane, Houston; Mrs. T.
F. Wallace, Dallas; Mrs. C. A. Keating, Dal
las; Mrs. B. B. Ramage, Fort Worth; Mm
J. R. Glbble. Dent ton; Mrs. C" H. Allen Cor
slcana; Mrs. J. T. Hutchinson, San Antonio;
Mrs. J. Mind, San Antonio; Miss R. Johnston..
San Antonio. :
Utah— Mrs. A. Leonard, Salt Lake; Mrs J,
C. Trout, ,Ozterr. - - -.
- Vermont— Mrs. J. C. Farrar, Burlington 1 Mrs'-
T. B. Foster. Rutland; Mrs. T. H. Canfleld"
Burlington ; Mrs. J. R. Pember, Woodstock /
Virginia— Miss S. Stewart, Alexandria; Ml/s
R. Barton, Winchester; Mrs. G. H. Shields
Richmond; Mrs. J. R. Hubbard, Norfolk- Mrs'
W. N. Meade, .Kastvllle; Mrs. J. J Lloyd'
Lynchburgr; Mrs. 1 T. H. Lacey, Lynchburtr
Washington— Miss, E. H. -Maynard. Tacoma-
Mis. N. B. Coffman, Chehalis; Mrs C A
Pratt. Tacoma; Mrs. A. D. Bishop. Seattle-
Mrs. S. Dutton. Seattle; Mrs C G Brown
Spokane; Mrs. H. M. Bartlett. North Yaktma;
Mrs. C. Webster, Spokane; Mrs L< Wells
Spokane; Mrs. H. T. Satterlee, Washington'-
Mrs. A. Williams, Washington; Miss Saxton
Washington; Mrs. L. Miller,- Washington'
West Virginia— Mrs. Brandenburgh, Parkers
burir: Mrs. W. II. Small. Parkersb'urg; Mr«
G. W. Peterkln, Parkersburg; Miss M. - G
McSherry. Martlnsburg; Mrs. G. Larao, Wheel
ins. • ¦¦"¦-,'.
West Africa— Mrs. 8. D. Furguson, Cape
Palmas. *- ¦'
Wisconsin— Mrs. V. Beek»rY Milwaukee; Mrs.
H. M. Merrlman. Milwaukee: Miss M. A At
wood, Milwaukee; Mrs. J. G. Meachem, Racine;
Mrs. - J. " L. ' Bostwlck, - La Crosse; Mrs. J. M.
Parkinson, Madison; Mrs. T. E. White Mil
waukee; Mrs. G. L. meld. Ripon; Mrs. *C. K.
De Groot. Fond du 'Lac;- Mrs. E. L,. Dean
Sheboygan Falls; Mrs. J. T>. Morrison, Duluth-
Mrs. C. F. Hendryx, Sauk Center; Mrs. G V
Quilliard, East Duluth. ' -
- Wyomingr— Mrs. A. R. Graves, Kearney; Miss
A./C. Kramph," North Platte; Miss C. Mills,
Cheyenne. ¦¦.•./- - —
"All that now remains to be done," said
Chief Hazen, "is to recover the $30,000.
We do not believe that it has been spent.
Dimmick was too clever and wary '¦ to
gamble to any noticeable extent and while
there are rumors he was mixed up
with two or three women, there isno/ie
that he. expended much money on them."
Chief /Hazen will keep Dimmick in cus
tody until Monday, when he will be
turned over to the United States Marshal
and taken . before Court Commissioner
Heacock for arraignment. The Chief pub
licly complimented Mr. Burns for the
valuable assistance he had rendered in the
case. - . ;. ;
United States Attorney Woodworth ex
pressed confidence that the case against
Dimmick was as strong as could be de
sired. If It had not been so strong, he
said,, he would not have drawn up the
complaints.
The speaker added that there were two
very substantial reasons why the prisoner
had not been arrested before. One of
those reasons was that all the evidence
had not been secured until a day or two
before the arrest, and the other reason
Mr. Burns preferred to keep locked In his
own bosom.
"Dimmick covered up his tracks very
well," continued Agent Burns, "for the
money was removed from the vault in in
stallments, but he overreached himself
In his cunning. I never saw a thief yet
that didn't leave a track behind him."
Thinks Money Has Not Been Spent.
The Secret Service men and Mr. Wood
worth had another protracted consultation
from 2 until after 3 p. m., at the end of
which Secret Service Agent Burns made
a statement to the representatives ofahe
press to ihe effect that the matter was
now in the hands of the .Department of
Justice, and that they had. nothing to give
out except that they had secured sufficient
evidence to warrant the I conviction of
Dimmick on all the charges. Mr. Burn3
was sent from Washington, D. G., about
three weeks ago to assist Chief Hazen in
unearthing the criminal. He said there
was great surprise in the "Secret Service
Department when it was learned that the
local Mint authorities had been investi
gating the- shortage for at least four days
before the * Secret Service people had been
notified. He was at a loss to account ra
tionally for such shiftlessiWss on the part
of the Mint peoole.^ — ¦'
Mr. Burns was frank in admitting that
no part of the stolen $30,000 had been re
covered, and he was equally frank in
stating that the guilt of Dimmick would
be proven beyond a doubt. He denied the
reports that Dimmick had made a confes
sion and declared that Dimmick con
tinued to protest that he was innocent.
The evidence against Dimmick was con
clusive, he said:
Burns Gives " Out "Statement.
Dimmick was arrested late last Friday
night in the Union League Club by Se
cret Service Agents W. J. Burns and
George W. Hazen and was kept by them
under surveillance , in a. hotel. United
States" Attorney Woodworth and the
agents had a consultation with Commis
sioner Heacpck yesterday morning and de
cided that the bonds : of the prisoner
should be fixed at $30,000 on one complaint,
$5000 on another and $1000 on each of the
two remaining complaints, making'a total
of<"$37,000. It was intended. that the pris
oner should be brought before"?Commis
sioner Heacock at noon for the purpose
of being properly^ identified and of hav
ing a date set for the preliminary exam
ination but after the Commissioner had
waited half, an hour after noon and the
prisoner and his captors had not ap
peared. Judge Heacock adjourned court
and went home. -. - - .
. The United States Secret Service agents
and United States Attorney "Woodworth
announced yesterday that they had a
strong case against Walter N. Dimmick,
the chief clerk of the Mint, who must
stand trial In, the United States District
Court for the embezzlement of $32,700.
Confident That They Will Se
cure a Conviction in
the Case. .
Secret Service Agents
Hazen and Burns Do
/•; ¦•¦¦£• Good^Work.
DIMMICK DENIES
THAT H E STOLE
THE SAN . 'FRANCISCO "CALL, ;xSUN D A Y; ; • AUGUST v' 11, 1901.
19
And Short Rail L!i-> from Portland try ntl
- points F«i«t. Thronfth^ tickets ••» all
, point"*, nil r»»l' •»•• ••te"*"!*^?^ utI rail, at
* ¦¦¦ ". . ' LO W JUST 3RL^l."XVfci;SI.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BB5TH sal SEAL1
SS. COLUMBIA... *..............
......Sails Aug. 1. 11. H, 31. Sept. 19. 20. 30
ES. GEO. \V. ELDER..":
............Sails Aug. 6. 16, 2*. 1 Sept. 5. 15. 2J
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GRN.Art..l Montsm'y. S.F.
PORTLAND; Or.,
Only StSMBMtalp Ijlnm «<s
.o;./?.:«w.-.co,
RED STAR' LINE.
. - New York and" Antwero.
¦' From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Zeeland .....August 21 Vaderland .....Sept. It
Friesland '.. .'.August 28 Kensington ....Sept. W
Southwark .....Sept. 4 Zeeland ..Sept. 23
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO .
CHA8. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
•Zeeland ..... August 211 Philadelphia t..Sept. 11
St Paul. Aui?ust 2S St. Paul Sept. IS
St. Louis Sept. 4) St. Louis Sept. 23
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TOKK. 80UTH»MPTOM. t0!H)OH. PASI2L
• To tha ATLDT, "WHITE HORSE, HOOTA-
LINQUA. BIG SALMON, STKWART RIVErT
KLONDIKE and YUKON MINING DlS
TRICT3. . .
Ocean steamers connecting with rail ltn» at
Ska^uay. Alaska.
DOUBLE DAILY TRAIN SERVICE BE-
TWEEN SKAGUAY AND WHITE HORSE.
Special Steamer from White Horse to Hoota-
llnqua and Bis Salmon mines.
Direct connection made at 'WHITE HOR«IT' 1
WITH BRITISH TTTKOX NAVIGATTO^f
COMPANY'S FLEET OP FINE STEAMERS
TO DAWSON. '."
Connections made at DATVSON FOR ALL
LOWER YXJKOM RIVER POINTS. ~*«
For freight over this route, qolck dispatch Is
assured; to tha traveler, comfort and quick
time.
Tha Whlta Pass and Yukon Route la th«
Summer Tourist's Paradise.
E. C. HATVKECS. General Manager. Seattla.
Wash. '
J. FRANCIS LEE, Traffic Manairer
Skasuay, Alaska: Seattle, Wash.
M. P. BRASCH. Com. Agsnt. '
536 Market «t. City. '
WDITEPASSAND
YOKON ROUTE
S iT F*AYS TQ TRADE IN THE MISSION. |
£ ' ~ " : ; :;. J. -'3
I THIS WEEK. 1
b ¦ - : ¦ ' . -. • . ¦ " ¦ fl g
| Marvelous Bargains that cannot be duplicated in any otber store in H
| tb« city. We invite a careful perusal of this advertisement. H
1 ' Bargainsin Wonderful Bargains in Special Bargains in i
| Carpet and Rug CURTAINS. PAELOR FURNITURE. I
I Dp.na vim &nt T ° BE CL0SED out-regardless tSfiiaS? *S£ss3." y ujsE I
tl £-r\J\JiAL tlllVllt* OFTHFrn"<?T stered in fine silk velour, empire Q
3 * urinauuoi. green: regular^ 585.00; 711 lh i m
¦ ¦ special bargain price m\9*\9\3 SJ
k x\^ x« -n - Third Week-Special Sale, parlor sofa, upholstered m heavy •• H
EB DfimPQllP RlirrO f rei i^ ta Pestry, nicely carved and 5
H isuiilGbllU nugb. New> dalnty patterns of rococo - Jw^l^^SrV' 61^; 0111 ' 01 " 1 ; S
- » WOO, SMXH.A HUGS, l « " SSHR^^fctt \
¦" J -worth $27.50; COO rz.ri at J6.50 a pair; O 7k: V-hatt? J . ?#^til *- AV 1 Z ?f. -RP AV ¦*
. price iZZXitOx) our price..*. .'. ...Oi(O CHAIR, seat tufted In best silk dam- B
¦ 28 WOOL SMYRNA RUGS, size 9x12. New patterns of daintily corded SWISS v !f.' hl «ffi. p °'^f? me; r^ ular B
¦ worth J22.50; 'i-o 7 e LACE CURTAINS, best quality net, 1? " e j"' sPf 1181 bar " I5.5U m
¦ price! lo.IO fast edges, guaranteed to launder; pfm f fc'iVpc""V", ' vJ<JU S
K SO WOOL, SMYRNA RUGS, size 7 6x would sell elsewhere at X i,*PC PARLOR CHAIRS, upholstered, spring •• M
S 10.6; worth J22.50; . Ifl Vft $7-50 a pair; our price 4-.^O r s -. £a 5 cy ,, s 5 a P ed ba ? k - hand BB
k price ; Ib»OU Elaborate patterns in ARABIAN carved and polished; regular value B
g THE NEW ELECTRA AXMINSTER LACE CURTAINS, heavy corded, *^. special bargain 3.3 3 K
W RUGS, size- 9x12 feet. O*^ f\f\ very best Quality net; would sell pjRin'p'niWiv W • B
¦ worth J30.00; price *O'.UU elsewhere at $12.50 a pair; T Ctez. k R ,°? DIVAN mahogany paneled g
¦ THE NEW ELECTRA AXMINSTER our price r C •<£** a , Cl 5 > h 5 nd , carved polished, up- g
q RUGS, size 8.3x10.6 feet. OQ^O CHAMBER CURTAINS, muslin em- hols tered In empire green velour; R
S worth 127.00; price .'.. iiiOU broidered, with cord effect, very regular value J22.00; spe- IS 50 B
g BROMLEY'S REVERSIBLE RUGS. beautiful-at $2.75. $3.00 and -J3.50 a VAmnn rnfiR h* n ";"«^fl 7 ¦
g sise 9x12 feet, worth fl Kf\ P»ir. Entirely new patterns; our own Ai t, ,» CHAIR, mahograny finish, \ _ .
¦ 515.00; price .. II.OU importation. upholstered^ in silk damask, with .2
B -r \Z~tt ~.~~C'ILIV~~ ' ' **-, m ,l DUCHFSS POTVT T A rv ottt?tatk«? open carved back; several of these ;¦
g To^on^bfsT^t wide^^SO.OO \ aTaTr-^ elsewhere ™™ ipl^ol^n^e. ' ''....... A -5U "
§ 12 feet long by, feet wide...S36.OO &ffi5 i S.7^ V^O^V^^nocgEM. g
I Bring ihe S,ze of Your Room. BRASS AND ENAMELED BEDS. ¦
¦ Best prade WILTON VELVET. $1.50 Op Monday we will have a line of 1 te L <^ b a " < ?, r , lea n t^ er Vl o 0 v? ler Tr SeatS ' B
B oualitv at SI 1O sample beds which will be closed out with high and low backs. If you - ¦
R wt,« AVMTVQTTrn «««5 «i«mJ at prices that will suit any one looking want a flrst-class rocker at an ex- H
¦ Fine AXMINSTER, ?1.Z5 quality f or a bargain tremely low price you should see this m
R at I »1.1O Enameled Bed, worth $10.00, for $5. coll^«on. The prices 3 50 R
¦ BODT BRUSSELS, Bigelow Lowell. Enameled Bed, worth $8 00, for $4.50. are W.<d. $7.50, $9.50 and JlJW 5
B $1-50 quality at Sl.iio Enameled Bed, worth $25.00, for 514.25. About 60 rockers at each price. Sale, g
3 VELVETS, wool face. $1.15 quality And other bargains such as these. - on the great second floor. w
B at -81.00 WOVEN WIRE SPRING on steel TtfnJTii*' DAATn m
s u^ai t i i ; a y^ PESTRYBRUss^!: y^iR^^A^^NS ¦ -iimmg-Koom . .j* urniture ¦
B CARPET REMNANTS. 10c. 15c. 25c. BOXSPRING.puafanteed::/..^'? iV.Ho D^F^IDS. 1
¦ 5Oc - Ji 0 ? D ~ ,. 40-lb. HAIR MATTRESS. $12 and 810 ««n j,«iiuui «
B BRUSSELS. i»c quaUty at 60c . GOLDEN OAK CHINA CABINETS. 5
g Extra super ALL-WOOL INGRAIN. I , hlTTmil PT*C made of selected quarter-sawed oak, £
B 90c quality at 65c VUlIllUlllGl O. has bent glass ends, stands 62 inc-nes ¦
r« HEAVY INGRAIN, 50c quality at A MAHOGANY FRONT CHIFFO- " highland 37 Inches wide. This cabi- g
S 35c: also some of the same quality, NIER, former price 'jy n*l 3 Positively worth 1 1 7^ B
g slightly soiled, sample rolls, at 25c $35.00; sale price...... *¦ ' "" 50 ; ?ale P^MaHyi J jt ¦
| HASSOCKS, large size, round and CURLY BIRCH CHIFFONIER, full A . |8.50 g
B JS2S?£ZZr- a V"; 15C SriS«««? n iiieprl™ er - 28.50 CHINA CABI- J.
a CARPET RUGS, made from remnants pfRnwrp maptf rklFFOVlFT? NET AND BUFFET, OA fill 5
g of Tapestries. Body Brussels and B O^? S pllnch olate mirror- for mVr reduced to ;...*»•«« H
¦¦ A vmfnctArc -all cWoe moriroH o ?¦ v»« *• oval rTeiicn pidxe inirror, lormcr •»
1 'rso Extension Tables. |
S % ZunMo fl , 1 M,.H n ; <)' CHIFFONIER /.3U $16.50 ROUND EXTENSION TABLE, Q
B 1^ MattinI 1-o 4^ MattiSf C 5 s BIRDSEYE MAPLE 1 7 Eft made of selected oak and finished in „ q
B ir Martini «>n» fi£ M«t«Sf aK C DRESSING TABLE I/.3U r!ch art golden oak; • 1 eif\ H
~ »0c Matting JOc I 60c Matting 40c 0 SOLID MAHOGANY qq Kf| sale price I I.OU. g
it Special prices by the roll. _.. CHIFFONIER jj.o>v Qur special pedestal round pattern 52
¦J EXTENSION TABLE, 8 feet long, B
g *• -ft made of quarter-sawed 26 tlO "
I WE REPAIR AND RE-UPHOLSTER PARLOR FURNITURE. i^i^SiS&?^l?| g
B bargain at ' |JU £
g Send to our Contract Department and our representative will call and GENUINE BUFFET SIDEBOARD; W
gj submit plans, designs, photos and decorative scheme for your approval has spacious cupboard and large IB
U absolutely free of charge. . . linen drawer, also two small drawers fl
2 . OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK. for silverware; also large mirror on fl
B top; worth $40.00; re- OO eft h
B * "- + duced to J<:) 'Jv .5
B • '^ - , . ¦ ¦ . . . . ™
h ¦ ¦ ¦ - - -. ¦ • ." ' .h
1 Cor. 16th and Mission Streets. g
B B
SEBgnBHgBggCBgEEBBgHagBBBEB3BnH3EEBBESBESBgSS!asgSHBi5aBgBBBgBEtBBBBBHaBHaaaBl
MISCELLANEOUS.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing; from Ho-ar-
ard 3,-*Pler 10. 12 m. «- .
PERU .........Aug. 181PALEXA .Sept 4
GUATEMALA.. Aug. 22ICOLOMBIA ....Sept M
These steamers are built expressly tor Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No cnaoga at Aeapuleo or Panama). ' Freight
and passenger office. 315 • California, street.
, BJVT.FQUB. CUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Ajsnti* ;
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
STEAMERS "WXLi; LEAVE 'WHARF.. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I'D. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), ; Nagasaki : and Shanghai and
.connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
>rndla. etc. No cargo received on board on
'day of sailing. • - -. ; -.
,SS. AMERICA MARU.:. Saturday, Aug. 10. 1301
SS.. HONGKONG MARU.:........... •
¦;•=-¦ .::;..... ;..... T.Wednesday, September 4, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU..Friday, September J7. 1901
¦• Round-trip - tickets • at -. reduced rates. ¦ Kor
.freight and l passage apply at company's office.
421 " Market ' street, corner - First.
„ > W. H. AVEax; Gciuurai AgiaL. >
TOYO KISEN RAISBA.
COMPAGNIE GEIf SEALS TSAVSATLANXIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. '^^^.
Sailing: every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, tm Ti lit
North River, foot of Morton street; •1/Aqul-
talne, August 15; La Normandie. August 22;
La Bretagne, August 29; La Champagne, Sep-
tember 5. ¦ : -
- First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, - MS and upward. GENERAL)
AGENCr FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, S3 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO., Paclflo Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery arenue, San Francisco,
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
Cabin. S105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
5. 8. Argyll sails , AujJ.
6. S. Leelanaw satis , AujJ.
S. 6. Argyll sni's , Sept.
PANAMA R. R, T^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
From Howard street at 3 p. m.
freight and passenser office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CX3NNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
' ..Wednesday. September 11, 10 a." m.
J. D. SPSECKELS & BBOS. CO., 6meraJ Agents, 327 Harfat 81
Gen'l Passsngar Office, 643 Market St., Pier lo. 7. Paeifis St
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolula only „
Saturday. August 31, 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA (via Honolulu), tor Samoa,
Xew Zealand and Australia
Thursday. August 23. 10 a. ra_
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
occaaics,s.co.sag
OCEAN TBAVEI,.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OCEA2T TRAWT.,
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SANBENITOCO.
' ¦. -_^_ - •; ." ' .
To raise money to build a large furnace on
this mine we will sel\ treasury stock for 50c
per ' share until further notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock is' all sold and
isKU«g, and we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
y.\- H/R. BRADFORD, General Manager,
; > '-...'"¦ '~ 7 North Market Et., San Jose.
' Prospectus -and exhibits at branch of flee, 413
Kearny it* San Francisco.
• ," ¦ -• - ¦ F. DE FREITAS, Agent.
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
$ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
Cft ! 1051 UASZST ST. tat. S:h47ti, S.T.dCd
*C Cj Tbe Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
' fi —gJ a^ World. Weakneues or any comracted B
7 flbg Mft *se«e p«»ltl»r»jr cared by the oldest i
Iggjl Speciilist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. <p
A Q&S&l DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
\ V€SS fSS Consultation free *nd strictly prirate. \
B I Jt»*t H TrB » trnent personally or by letter. A A
\ N W Tl W '* n '" e C^^ln e»erjr case undertaken. \
j M // |ll|' Write for Book. rBILOJtOPHV«ri
" ' U ' II 1 *- JBAItnlACE. HAILED FREE. (AY
X II ly valuable book for mm) - • -\
" 1>K. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. P. y
J\ *» ir *V <^ Q
> f^x Rupture Curedi
. iV .-..'The celebrated California In-
' fx/^W&i Ten tor, Dr. Pierce, discovered
fy ' y j \*$* t ' iat f^ e on ' 7 rcrue^y '° r -R«p-
\A J^ob^S tnre <s ElectricHv. and In per-
7\j &2sssir f acting his wonderful Electro-
<jgfew(rV / V ; '^7» Magnetic Truss and est»b-
iPIS^l^V*-)^^^ 1'shiDg its ealotbrongbont
VwMm«W WSL M fcrersfromtbiHdaogerons
WWi W malady tlic relief and so-
¦^V^Sl^ilf tty cnrit y mainly sought for
' elsewhere. This renowned
¦'"^'I'r appliance is radically dif-
ferent from all « others and its action on the
ruptured put* is quick and effective. > Cures
accomplished by its use are numbered. by the
thousaud. - If ruptured investigate at once. Call
1 or sencrct 2-cent stamp for new " Booklet No. 1." -
Address Magnetic Truss Co., 1145 Broadway (near
26th < Bt.).NewYork,or206Poat6t.,SangtanclBco.
JDR.KGJOYICEE, ;
, . 110 STOCKTON ST.. •
'/"'-'. San Francisco, . Cal.
: ; •:. Baa recently established
the ¦ Tea and Herb Sanlta-
¦•-v rium In this city. All tnan-
\" ; oer of diseases, both exter-
_^ nal ¦ and internal, and * all
|V manner of local diseases are
m skillfully treated : without
V. ¦''*' performlna; any kind o*
¦-:',¦ v. ¦ operation whatever." ' -
BA-ST^AND >BIVE^ STEAMEB3.
GEN. ¦ FRISBIE or MONTICELLO %
9:45 a. m., 8:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun;
day." ' Sunday, ." 9:45 a_ m., 8:30 p. m. - Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., • 12:30 t noon.' 6 , p. m., - except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. - Telephone Main 1608. ¦ Landlnc and of-
flee, ; pier . 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. , HATCH BROS. ,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\' . Steamers leave Broadway
•». h Wharf. £j.an Francisco:
Gn>^< . For Alaskan ports — 11 a. in.,
ME|j3«S. August 4. Change to com-
54*>'J>JSr>\ pany's steamers at Seattle.
' E3k»Mm3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
H^ffiq^|i C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
EH^^I Tacoma, Kverett. Anacortes
f^^^a^ffiffil and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Aug. 4 and every
fifth day thereafter. ¦ Chansre
¦t Seattle- for this' company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
fcr N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay — 1:30 p. m..
Aue. 5. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
gelesl— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:
«teamer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
a.m. ¦ ¦
For Los Anseles. calling at Banta Crua.
Monterey, Pan Simeon. Caynccs. Port Harfonl
(Ran Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pedro
pnd 'Newport (*Corona only) — Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. in.; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays.
9 «. m. :
For Fn«epi»da. Magdalena Bay/ San Jo«» del
Cnbo. Maxntlan. Altsta. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia i»nd Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
mnnth.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. • . .-..
The- company reserves th* right to change
Fteam»rs, falling date* and hours of sailing
without r>r«»vinijs notice.
I TICICKT OPFTCE-4 New Montgomery
F tr»ot 'Palxce Hotel), fii
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
¦ , * 10 'Market et.. San Francisco.
¦5DBIHH»BDEIEI9BIIIIIDIIBEIIBBBllBZlS»aBBDfiBEaHBBBB353^SaE3aDB2Ea£ia^
j Youthful Vigor for Men j
¦ Ti: VERY MAN LIKE^TO BE STRONG AND HEALTHY. SO WHEN *HE BEGINS TO FEEL HIS g
H f""^ youthful strength faihnK he naturally doses himself with drues. supposing that they will build him up again, p
HI "^ - " But they don't. Some of my patients have been drugging themselves ior years before they came to me, and j|
§ they are always worse off than before "they started. . . N g
§ Why don't dtug's cure? -If the steam in an engine has run down wi^l oiling the parts make it sro without Hi
H steam? No; you must/get up m6re steam. Drugs have no more effect on the body than has oil on an engine. ¦
H Drugs don't give the body new steam, and can't restore lost strength.
5 ft Electricity can, and does, make the body go just as it makes the machine go. It is motive power, life and h
5 energy, and anything that it is pumped into will become active with new life. n
B ' V That's all the argument that is needed for k -. \ ' 1
I Dr. McLaiighlih's Electric Belt. I
¦ If It was a new thlngr that alone ought to sell it, but it's not new. It has been slowly developing: tor twenty years, \
¦ and it has an army of followers now. Here are a few new converts: Jg
m lamn Rark anrf Rheumatism left me. Your No. 7 Belt" is the best purchased of you. I am satisfied that H
£1 Lame Hack ana Kr^eumausm. - x have ever geen anywhere aRd j thank it win do an that you claim it win. it S
2 Raymond, Cal., June 5, 1901. you very much for the same. Kespect- has cured the lameness in my back. B
" Tm M'T ATIOHLiIN— Dear Sir* I must fully yours,' . F. LEHMAN, and I feel stronger than I did before ¦
¦ Ba ? that you? Belt is tSf best treat- Sergeant Company I, 23d Infantry. I commenced to use it. and I have g
¦rnent for lame back or rheumatism -, . 5SS!5? 1 tS? ed ~ U «, + se J eral ° f m 7 S
g BViirtbrss^fffii^ffiiffi- Would Not Be Wtthovt II - a3 $ ™ |
I ances, and I would not be without it. Orick, Cal., June 8, 190L - GEORGE M. GIBSON. ¦»
(3 V S.W. WHITMAN. D R. M'LAUGHLIN-Dear Sir: I ? g
B - ¦ /think a great, deal of the Belt and Dnrfnr Arfvicorf IIsa nf Rolf s*
B I a «i« R»rU ri.r-rf would not be without it. for it has done WOClOr Advised LSe OT Beit. ¦
« Lame back turea. me a deal of good . Klmball Park House. S
§ ' Covina, Cal., July 1, 1901. MRS. GEORGE BRACE. Park City. Utah, July 5. 1901. g
¦ DR. M'LAUGHLIN-Dear Sir: After ~ DR. M'LAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: You g
g < Varlcocele Cured. ~ r d ffi |
a am cured, after wearing your Belt one •« Gracy. Cal.. May 11. 1901. by accident. My doctors advised the i
|: ?^y^%7Xf\^JLi &zvss®%£v£J2«ii S-H"tv;H'SS 3
I ~^- s swA m r«5stiJ?«rasSr t 5ysss» S g ?0H!£l'SHS 8
B / in every respect than I did when I be- lt s a sfista^ C e that not oni^tnf^i-S B
I Rheu.na.isn.Cure.OSDays. g^Sl^p| lilSlHHSH I
H Fort '"Win gate? N."M., July 7. 1901. " r : 4S a " d she received so much benefit from PJJ
H DRi M'LAUGHLIN-^Dear Sir: Hav- Rprnmmends the Belt. the u / e °i my ?- elt tnat J hav ® ordered **
S me received the No. 7 Belt ordered. KeCOmmenas me Ddl. f one for her You may . mako use of H
]U and having used the same for five Fresno, Cal., June 27. 1901. this letter in any manner you choose S
5 days, I thought it best to let you know DR. M'LAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: In to. Yours very truly. «
S, that the rheumatism in my leg has regard. to the Electric Belt, which I GENERAL WILLIAM KIMBALI*. a
¦^ IV\ AKF^ nPIM OVFI? It beats the world for building up men broken down from excesses, dlssdpa- "
iTl-/\I\.I-iC-» 1 »C1> v^ v EiiV» tion and neglect of the laws of nature. No matter what your trouble is you H
H can be made better and stronger by using this wonderful Belt. It pours glowing vitality into the body, and that does ¦
B wonders. Try it, and save doctor- blllls and useless suffering. It cures RHEUMATISM, BACK PAINS and all OR- ¦
B GANIC .WEAKNESS. ,'. g
h PFAl) IV\Y ROOK J have a book whJcn every man should read (one for women also). It tells facts B
M RL-rt^ •.'*» ¦ LJVFV_/rv. that are of interest to every man who wants to remain young in vitality at wiy B
.B age. Send for this book to-day if you can't call. I mail it. sealed, free. If you will call I will give you a free test. R
E Remember, my Belt does not burn, though you feel the current and can regulate It. I warrant it to give a stron* cur- ¦
H rent for years,. though no man who uses it right needs it over three months. Cut this ad. out and act to-day. a «
g DR. M. G. McLAUQHLIN, 702 Market-Street, Cor. Geary, San. Francisco. I
D - . Office Hours: 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to 1. ' a
SgBWnBBHHBHBaHBBBBBBBBBllBBBHBBBBBBaHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBMBBBBS
If you haven't a . retrular, healthy raovempnt of tha
bowels every day, you'ro 111 or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and bo vroll. Force, in tho shapeof vio-
lent physic or pill poison, Is dangerous. Tho smooth*
est, easiest, most perfect way of keeping the bowels
clear and clean is to tWco • •
EAT J EM LIKE OANDY
Fleasant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good, Do Good,
Never Sicken, Weaken, or Gripe. 10, 23, and B0 cent!
per box. Write for tree sample, and booklet oa
health. Address ~ ./ • . 43S -
bTKBLISa BBSKDT COHPAXT, CHICAGO .r KEW TOttE.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
RijTTQWlTQ FOR BARBERS." BAK-
breweri, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannern,'
dyers, flourtnills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe . factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eto,
BUCHANAN "BROS. "
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento StTO LECTTTRE IN FAVOR
% OF RESTORING, CANTEEN
The following statement was handed in
by Mr. Chambers of the Santa Fe Com
pany, showing how much oil the company
had shipped into San Francisco from Ba
kersfield for the first six months of 1901:
January, 7 cars. 42.333 gallons; March. 53
cars, 326,450 gallons; April, 88 cars. 532.972
gallons; May, 107 cars. C46.476 gallons:
June. 74 cars. 451.2CS gallons— being a total
of 1,999,509 gallons.
"No railroad can hope to do only a first
class business. We would not make the
rates so low if we could not use the re
turn cars loaded."
Railroad* Commissioners Laumeister.
Edson and Blackstock heard the last of
the testimony in the oil rate investigation
yesterday, and arguments will be heard
by the Commissioners on September 3.
Mr. Sproule was the last witness to be
examined. He was questioned carefully
by Mr. Short, and then Mr. Herrin took
the witness in hand. Between them they
made Mr. Sproule answer a multitude of
questions.
Mr. Short wanted to know if an agree
ment existed between the Southern Pacific
end the Santa Fe railroads regarding the
use of the spur track that enters the
Kern River oil district. The witness said
he had no knowledge of such an agree
ment. He admitted, however, that there
was an arrangement by which a nominal
sum was charged the Santa Fe people for
the use of the spur. He thought it was
about one cent per barrel for the Jbil taken
off the .spur. This oil. the witness said,
was for the Santa Fe's own use. otherwise
the company would be charged' the same
rate as is charged consignees. He said
the Standard Oil Company paid the same
rate as any one else, and that there are
no favored parties on the spur. _
Mr. Herrin examined the witness about
the making of rates. Mr. Sproule gave a
long explanation. In which he said in part:
"Tariffs are formulated by mutual
agreements with Eastern lines, and rates
¦were so made that Western goods could
find a market in the Easi and a rate was
made West so that Eastern products
could be marketed. If the Southern Pa
cific refused to take a 75-cent rate upon
fteel goods the result would be that the
connecting lines would refuse a reason
able rate for our commodities. The 50
cent rate on some of our products is so
low that our connecting lines refuse to
handle them. This commodity goes by
the Southern Pacific ships, by the gulf
route — that is, to Algiers and then on to
New York by the Morgan line of steam
ers. The Southern Pacific Company car
ries this commodity at the 50-cent rate be
cause if it did not do so this business
¦would be given to ships, and the Southern
Pacific would lose business of a better
class by declining to carry business of a
low class.
"It is apparent that adequate relief Is
not within the hands of plaintiff. The
means of identification are not perfect.
If they were defendant would not sell
these tickets. • • * The relief at law is
not adequate, for its remedy at law for
breach of contract consists of a suit for
damages against the original purchaser
or the substituted holder; but suits
against the purchasers would necessarily
be separate and numerous." # . .
In his opinion Judge Murasky does not
pass upon the merits of the point raised
in connection with the Sherman act, ex
cept to say that the mere fact that a
party ' to a contract happens to be a
member of an illegal trust does
not operate to vitiate a contract between
the party to an illegal trust and a third
party. Continuing, the court says:
Duffin filed formal answer, in w.hich he
denied that he had been dealing in scalped
tickets or intended to do so. Then on the
hearing .his counsel contended thaf the
Southern Pacific Company was not en
titled to relief, as it had come into court
with unclean hands, in that it had vio
lated the Sherman act by entering into a
combination with other railroad com
panies to fix the Ep worth League rate.
A judgment rendered yesterday by Su
perior Judge Murasky leaves the local
ticket : scalpers without" an occupation.
Judgre Murasky refused to dissolve the in
junction heretofore issued . restraining the
scalpers fr*om dealing in Epwprth League
and other tickets. This decision leaves
the scalpers without further remedy, un
less upon appeal to the Supreme Court
the judgment is reversed,
Action was filed by the Soutnern Pacific
Company to restrain the scalpers.- Scalp
ers Conklin and Duffin joined issues and
moved to dissolve the injunction, each ad
vancing on a different line of action.
Conklm admitted that he was scalping"
tickets, but contended that his business
was legitimate. He held that the* South
ern Pacific. Company ¦was not entitled to
equitable relief, as a remedy at law was
in its hands.
The legislators who read the pamphlet
undoubtedly expected when they voted
that the State v/ould get 5000 acres for its
money, and they have been surprised' to
find that the plan is to ' charge a : price
that will give the State only one-half of
the promised, tract.
¦ Andrew- P. Hill, who was very active
at Sacramento fh urging the passage of
'the Big Basin park bill, says' that when
Mr. Reed issued his statement* that was
made a part of the Sempervirens pamph
let, an option on the land had already
been secured from the owners at the rate
of $100 per acre, and that Mr. Reed knew
that to be the fact. Mr. Hill says that
the conversations that he had with Mr.
«Reed "on that very point left no doubt that
Mr. Reed understood the facts. Mr. Reed
said, however, that he would make the
owners take less than $100 per acre.
Mrs. Walters says that after she had
prepared the. pamphlet to be presented to
the Legislature to influence the members
of that body to move to save the Big
Basin? forest- from destruction Charles
Wesley Reed dropped out two pages of
the original matter and inserted the state
ments "^concerning the price for the land
to be acquired by the State. She says
there .was no such . statement when she
completed her work.
Mrs. Walters, secretary of the club, and
Andrew P. Hill, who has more actively
and energetically promoted the' club's in
terest than has any other person, told the
story to a Call reporter who went to the
camp in the tasin, expecting that the
Redwood Park. Commission would be
there. It will be x recalled that an extract
from a pamphlet -Issued by the club and
published in The Call contained the state
ment, over Reed's signature, that $500,000
would buy 14,000 acres in the Big Basin,
and that $250,000 would be sufficient to ac
quire 5000 acres. Now the fact having been
originally made known through The Call
that the price placed upon the property
by the lumbermen is $100 per acre, and
there being a seeming inconsitency in, the
attitude of the club in that matter,. Mrs.
Walters and Mr. Hill have" hastened to
justify the club. •
The members of the Sempervirens Club,
now encamped in the Big Basin, in Santa
Cruz County, *say that Attorney 'Charles
"Wesley Reed was responsible for telling
the Legislature that $250,000 would buy
5000 acres of land in the basin, and that if
the legislators were of opinion that the
State would secure this amount of forest
it was not due to the club, but to Reed.
"Witness in a Prolonged
Hearing.
William Sproule Is the Last
Statements Misleading to
Legislators Charged to
President
Holds Southern Pacific Is En
titled to Equitable
Relief .
Court Refuses to Dis
solve Restraining -
Order.
Arguments to Be Made
by the Attorneys
Next Month.
Members of Sempervir
: ens Club Shift Blame .
/Upon Reed. v
STRANGE STORY
TOLD IN BASIN
OIL BATE CASE
IS NEARLY ENDED
SCALPERS LOSE
IMPORTANT CASE
- Don't think because a man has one glaaa
eye that he only gets half enough, alees.
Tn*TlfTT*T"rtTfl'flr'iirrim^firii urn ¦ 1 "~ff-
At a meeting of the executive committee
of the :r Retail | Dealers' 3 Association ) last
night it was decidedto hold a public meet
ing to-morrow- night at Native Sons' Hall
Mason street. 'The meeting will .be called
to order at: 9 p. m.: A general Invitation
Is t extended ;• all interested parties. : It Is
hoped a" way out of the present Industrial
disturbances can b« found. /. ¦ ¦¦
Retail Dealers' Association.
HONOLULU, H. T., Aug.- 2— It Is' re
ported from Samoa that Malietoa has de
cided to return to German Samoa and
take the oath of. allegiance to the German
Government. He was a claimant against
Mataafa to the throne of Samoa. After
the Germans took possession ot their part
of the country Mataafa .took the oath of
allegiance, but Malietoa refused to do so
and left for Tonga. Fiji Islands. Natives
on Tutuila reported to the officers of the
United States 'cruiser Philadelphia that
Malietoa had stated in Tonga that he in
tended jo return to Apia and make peace
with - the Germans. In return the Ger
mans are to make him a member of the
Advisory Council. Unless the old enmity
between . Malietoa and Mataafa should
break out again this would mean an end
of »; tho various discords with which the
Germans have -been contending : in their
Dart of Samoa. - - . .
of Allegiance.
Samoa and Taking the Oath
He Intends Returning to German
MAUETOA, WILL MAKE
PEACE TfrlTH GERMANY
/.Last night he was approached by sev
eral men and one of. them struck him in
the face. The others ' then sprang upon
him and beat him into insensibility. - They
then picked him up and threw him into a
vacant-lot, where he was found an hour
later by a man , named Peterman. Hoch
muth was taken to the Receiving Hospia!
and it -was found that- he had sustained
eight scalp wounds and a possible frac
ture of the skull. In addition to his In
juries Hochmuth was robbed of $14; a gold
watch and chain and a sleeve buttdn.,
; Hochmuth's; condition is serious. He
says he will be able to recognize some of
his assailants if he is confronted by them.
Charles Hochmuth. chief steward in the
culinary department of the Fulton: Iron
Works', who lives with his family at 1119^
Ellis street,; was attacked *. at Baker. and
Chestnut^ streets at 6 o'clock last night
and j severely injured. ¦ He claims his as
eailants were* strikers, as he was warned
several .'times . during the past few days
that he was in danger of being assaulted
by them. .
MAN BRUTALLY BEATEN
AND ROBBED BY A GANG
The mystery of the disappearance of
Mrs. Margaret Dawson was solved yes
terday afternoon when her remains were
found in the bushes near the South Drive
in Golden Gate Park. Mrs. Dawson was
the wife of George" Dawson, proprietor of
the Pantheon saloon. She left her home
at 2219 Devisadero-^treet on July 29 At
the time she left she was suffering from
ill health and it is supposed that her suf
ferings led her to take her life. The bodv
was badly decomposed- and the cause of
death is unknown. The deceased was a
native of Australia and 46 years of age
Mrs. Dawson's ilemains Found.
The First Battalion of Artillery will pro
ceed to Shell Mound to-day to engage In
target practice.- First Lieutenant W. ' S.
Grattan has been detailed as acting in
spector of rifle practice. ••• , ,
Captain Nerney of the Naval Militia,
accompanied by a limited number of offi
cers, went to Mare Island last Wednesday
and returned on the following day with
a new 36-foot steam launch' which was
turned over to him as the agent of the
State for the use of the militia at this
port. The launch la one of the best that
is used by the naval department.
The report of Captain Wilhelm of the
regular army .'on the condition of Camp
Gage, which was occupied by the Na
tional Guard recently, has been the sub
ject of a great deal, of discussion by the
rank and file of the guard. All seem to
agree that from the standpoint of the reg
ular army the report was a good one. but
that in viewing the citizen soldiery the
captain did not take into consideration
the fact that the guaidsmen do not have
In the short time in the year they devote
to the study of the c'uties of the soldier
the same opportunities to perfect them
selves as have the regulars. Viewed from
the standpoint of the guardsmen, the re
port is considered in some parts quite
severe.
But the criticisms are nothing as com
pared with the strictures of a city paper
based on what in the article is credited
to Captain Wilhelm, but what in reality
was said by a nameless "prominent offi
cer of the National Guard" about the
camp. These utterances of the prominent
National Guardsman are greatly at vari
ance with the views cf the regular army
officer and have aroused the indignation
of many officers and men of the guard.
It Is stated that reports of other officers
of the regular army who were at the
camp will soon be presented to the public
These will show the encampment was a
good one, beneficial to the men, and was
for the few days they were together a»
creditable as any aggregation . of volun
teers during fhe late war.
Furnishes Food for Much. Dis
cussion by Experts and Others.
Recent Encampment at Santa Cruz
CRITICISM PROVOKES
TALE IN THE GUARD
Lew Fook was sentenced by Judge Law
lor.-¦•¦. He ¦ was convicted of the murder of
Wong Yuen at Waverley place and Clay
street on the : night , of January 6, 1900.
Huey Mon was arrested by Detective Ed
Gibson on the . same charge and his trial
is yet to take place. Friday night Lew
Fook and Huey Mon quarreled in their
*cell in the County Jail and Huey Mon
nearly, killed Lew Fook. ¦
JohnH. Cordes . received his sentence
from Judge Cook. He was convicted of
the murder of John Carlson in the Diana
dance hall, Pacific ."' street, on- April 4.
Cordes went to the. dance hall with the in
tention of killing Katie Eisei, a woman
with whom he had lived at Elmhurst.' He
fired at- her but missed her and fatally
wounded Carlson and Peter Svorjen. The
Judge ' in | passing sentence said the de
fendant ought to be hanged, but he was
compelled to "give heed to the recom
mendation of the jury. : , ¦ -
Two' men were sentenced to life Im
prisonment : yesterday,' each 'having been
convicted of murder in the first degree,
but with the recommendation " of impris
onment for life by the juries.
ceive Penalty- Recommended
by Juries.
John H. Cordes and Lew Fook Re-
MURDERERS SENTENCED
V . TO LIFE* IMPRISONMENT
Forty-first District.
There was a large attendance last even
ing , at the meeting of the Forty
first * Assembly District Republican
Primary League, ajid the keynote
of the gathering 1 was success, sure
and sweeping 1 , for the anti-bosa Re
publicans. Colonel John C. Currier, who
presided In the absence of Horace Davis,
spoke of the primary election as some
thing which had been sadly neglected In
the past by the better class of citizens.
The primary election, he said, was th»
very foundation of the government, and
it was in taking advantage of their real
ization of this that the bosses had se
cured their grip on municipal affairs.
This year, however, it was going: to be
different. The registration among busi
ness men had been unusually large, the
district had been strongly canvassed and
everything pointed to a clean primary,
which for once would represent the voice
of the people. Attorney Pratt, William
Sexton, Maurice Brandt. F. C. Selfridge,
E. J. Casey and others addressed the
meeting, .which adjourned early for the
reason expressed by all the speakers that
work would count more than oratory and
there was still a field in the district for
the missionary of anti-bossism. Atten
tion was called to the fact that Tuesday
next was collection day as well as elec
tion day, and business men residing in the
Forty-nrst were advised to vote In the
morning, before going to their offices,
where the extra work of the day might
detain them, until after the polls had
closed.
Reader, can you ' trust these gentlemen with
your interests? If possible, secure the tickets
of our opponents, both of which the bosses have
created to deceive you, scan them closely and
after falling to find the names of any of la
bor's friends printed on either, reflect and con
sider this matter fully, then go to the polls on
Tuesday next and with your vote assist to an
nihilate this vile and malicious slander. Officers
of the Republican Primary League Club of
Thirty-seventh District. •
J. K. Jones, No. 2 on ticket, president of the
Primary League Club of this district. Is an act
ive member of the legislative and judicial com
mittee of the Labor Council of this city;' Rich
ard P. O'Meara, No. 22 on ticket, Is an active
member of the Delivery Wagon and Blacksmith
Helpers' unions. Horace V. Carter, No. 19 on
ticket. Is past president of the Boot and Shoe
Clerks' Association, and was one of the princi
pal lnaugurators of the early 'closing movement,
and Is an active member of the Labor Council.
G. W. Glbb, No. 23 on ticket, is a stanch and
loyal member of the Painters' Union. Leopold
Bearwald. No. 27 on ticket, proprietor of butch
er shop at 492 Hayes street, was the last one in
the whole Western Addition to remove his union
card. S. M. Reynolds, No. 7 on ticket, is pro
prietor of a union barber shop at 607 Laguna
street, and is a true friend of labor In all its
branches. Philip Rogers Is secretary of the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club, which club. In con
junction with the San Francisco Athletic Club,
is preparing a grand joint athletic and social
entertainment at the Alhambra Theater, the
proceeds of which will be donated to the several
labor unions of this city.
The Republican political bosses realizing their
utter deteat in . the - Thirty-seventh Assembly
District, at the coming primary election, have
resorted to a last foul and vicious manner of
winning votes, namely: ralsenood and deceit.
For the past few days a number of their un
scrupulous lambs have been circulating a re
port that the Primary League ticket In this dis
trict was an anti-labor - concern, and hoped
thereby to deceive the honest voter. In contra
diction of. their assertion, kindly refer to the
Primary League or Anti-boss ticket..
The attention of the voters of the Thir
ty-seventh Assembly District Is called to
the personnel of the ticket presented in
that district by the Republican Primary
League In the following circular: .
ARE YOU A WORKINGMAN? HAVE YOU
THE INTEREST OF LABOR AT HEART?
IF SO. READ!
Notice to Honest Voters.
! BERLIN, Aug. 10.— All eyes in Germany
are.,turned to-day on Cronberg. -Public
Interest in the deceased Dowager Em
press during her widowhood has been
slight, as she did everything possible to
retire from public view and avoided every
semblance of political activity.. The lat
ter fact has softened the judgment | of
even the unbending Junker organs, who
once persecuted her Majesty, assailing
ner most sharply when at the very acme
ot power. The Dowager Empress" death
reveals the' fact -that the autocratic ex
tremists had largely modified their judg
™ or }.' en at Jeast had ignored their points
of differences. They praise her. for her
humanity, her tender nursing of the sick
in war, her interest in industrial art and
the. practical advance she made in these
lines. .They also praise her activity in
promoting female education and in the
advance of. women'. The most conserva
tive papers praise $ the latter feature of
her character unstintedly. ,The news
papers comments partake largely 'of
reminiscences, pointing out that. the de
ceased was one of the last links binding
the Germany of to-day with the great
historical events of thirty years ago.
While the nation has thus been engaged
m. recounting the story ot the life of the
Dowager Empress her -.relatives have
been assembling at Cronberg for the fun
eral. King Edward and Queen Alexandra,
arrived there to-day and Prince Henry
°£ Prussia . who is now steaming up the
channel, is expected to arrive at Bremer
haven Sunday or Monday, too late for the
services at Cronberg, but in time to at
tend the burial at Potsdam. ; -
Large Cro-wds Arriving at Cronberg,
Great crowds of curious people are ar
riving at Cronberg. All the hotels there
are overflowing and all the windows are
engaged for them. Cronberg is overrun
with English people in deep mourning.
King Edward, with Queen Alexandra,
will go to Potsdam. Then his Majesty
will return to Homburg alone, "where he
will take the waters, living at his accus
tomed hotel in the same style as when
he was Prince of Wales. .
The coffin of the deceased Dowager Em
press, which has been sent- from Berlin
to Cronberg. is of the English' style, with
a flat cover; not the German pyramidal
style. The deceased herself designed; the
rosettes ornamenting the cover and also
designed the coffin. The train which is to
bring the funeral party to Potsdam-has
been prepared at Frankfort. The car
which will carry the coffin is trimmed'
with English mourning colors, lilac and
white, and is richly ornamented within
and without. Other cars have been pro
vided for the fune.ral narty.
The Emperor has Jeen busy as usual
with the affairs of state. He worked at
his office nearly all day, and then late In
the evening took a walk in the park with
Count von Bulow.
Papers of various shades of opinion give
expression to the complaints or theatrical
people and musicians at the orders issued
for the closing of theaters until the fu
neral is over, and print letters "To the!
Editor" mildly remonstrating.
Friends Welcome Von Waldersee.
While Field Marshal Count von Wal-
There are unusual numbers of Ameri
cans visiting Berlin. All the hotels are
crowded with them. . It Is impossible to
secure tickets ion the German steamers
before October. ¦
Suderman, who is recuperating in the
Engadine Valley (Switzerland) has nearly
finished a new play.
The Emperor has ordered a change in
the arrangements of all launchings where
he participates, furnishing himself a
sketch showing how the lines of soldiers
must be drawn up within the ship yards
while he is present.
The week's tariff discussion took largely
the form of a sharp attack on the part of
the Agrarians and Conservative organs
upon a semi-official news agency for the
continued publication in the foreign press
of attacks upon the bill. Some of the
bolder papers go to the length of openly
attacking the Foreign Office as being re
sponsible, since all the political dispatches
are censored there before publication in
sinuating that Count von Bulow is Insin
cere in his tariff bill attitude and is now
trying to kill it.
The United States continues to play an
important role in the tariff discussions.
The Kreuz Zeitung to-day quotes ap
provingly the declaration of the Chamber
of Commerce of Eupen (Rhenish Prussia)
that Germany must expect to be flooded
with American goods. . The Kreuz Zeitune
adds that the domestic industry is threat
ened by keener foreign competition -and
especially American, adding:
"The greater the danger the more urg
ent and inexorable the demand that the
home market be surrounded with firm
protection. The United States Itself pre
cedes us In this respect with an example
impossible to misunderstand." •
Attacks Upon the Tariff Bill.
While the train waited Von Waldersee
entertained them with- his China expe
riences, which called forth roars of laugh
ter. The field marshal will dine with Em
peror William at the, Homburg Schloss
to-day. He will return to Hanover to
morrow. It is understood that Von Wal
dersee's reappointment as inspector of
the Third Army Corps is In accordance
with an arrangement with his Majesty
prior to the field marshal's departure for
China-
dersee's arrival in Germany was natural
ly overshadowed by . the sad event at
Cronberg, the whole tone of the press and
the attitude of the crowds during Count
von Waldersee's trip yesterday from
Hamburg to Hanover indicated that Ger
many takes a much more sober view of
von Waldersee's mission now than was
the case a year ago. '.The more influen
tial papers regard the field marshal's
work appreciably, but imply- that every
body in Germany has formed exagger
ated notions of the i task before him.
Count von Waldersee is described as deep
ly bronzed. Yesterday at Kaisset his old
military friends welcomed him on his way
to Homburg-.
The statutes of most States where there
has: been legislation on this subject use
the words "religious purposes," but un
der the ¦ constitutional provision in this
State the words "religious worship" are
used. "And not only must the buildings
and real estate be used exclusively for
religious worship," says the Attorney Gen
eral, "but' they must be used solely for
such religious worship. There would seem
to be no doubt," he adds, "that a church
building or property which is rented for
lectures and concerts is not used solely
and exclusively for religious- worship." It
is therefore decided that church property
when so rented is. not exempt.
The 'Attorney General was also asked
by the Board of Equalizers if there was
any authority for examining persons in
regard to church property. It is held by
the Attorney, General that such state
ments as are deemed necessary may be
exacted.
The Attorney General then cites various
authorities to prove tbat because certain
portions of the property. ara used exclu
sively for religious purnpses it does not
follow that . other portions not- so used
shall have equai immunity from taxation
It is also shown that even though pro
ceeds from rentals may be nsed for re
ligious purposes the fact does not legally
warrant exemption.
All buildings and so much of the real prop
erty upon which ¦ they ¦ are situated as may
be required for the convenient use and occu
pation of | said buildings, when the same are
used solely and exclusively for religious wor
ship, shall be / ree from taxation; provided that
no buildings s'o used which may be rented for
religious purposes, and the rent received by the
owners thereof, shall be exempt from taxa
tion. •
In answer to a' communication from the
State Board of 'Equalizers requesting in
formation as to whether church property
should be taxed when 'portions of it are
rented or, otherwise used as a source. of
revenue, the Attorney General rendered
an affirmative opinion yesterday.
,The State constitution in respect to this
matter reads as follows: -
Attorney General Renders
an Opinion of Great
Interest.
Relatives Are Now Gathering
at Crbnberg to Attend
¦ the Funeral.: .
Church Property Draw
ing Revenue Can
Be Taxed.
German Press Speak in
Kindly: Terms of ;
Dead Empress. 1;
DEATH SOFTENS
THEIR JUDGMENT
MAY NOT LOOK
FOR EXEMPTION
- . ¦",...; ¦ .... - . . ' . .. . '• ":• ¦ ".v\ '. ¦".-¦'¦ ' ' .-'•"¦
THE SA{ff FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGIJST 11, 1901.
Suits for divorce on the ground of deser
tion have been filed by Estella Ritschy
against Valentine Ritschy, John A. Egan
against Ida Rose Egan and Sarah A. Bil
lings against William H. Billings.
Divorce Suits Filed.
The Pacific Commercial Museum Is In
repelpt of a communication from the
United States Consul at Bordeaux, France,
which states that the size of the prune
crop in that country is estimated at 25 per
cent less than that of last year. It is also
noted that the crop is above the average
as regards size and quality.
French Prune Crop Light.
Suits and Overcoats for Hen.
P. C. Kelly, assignee of the Lyceum
Clothing Company, will sell to-morrow 500
men's suits, clay worsted, blue serge, all
wool fancy cheviots and tweeds, in vari
ous colors, checks and stripes, - single or
double breasted, worth $20, for $4 65. Also
500 men's overcoats, latest styles, worth
$18. for $4 €5. Every man will be properly
fitted at the clothing assignee sale of the
Boston, 773 MarKet street, near Fourth. •
A lazy man is never inclined to decline a
chance to recline.
Mrs. Clara Bell Brown will deliver a
lecture on Saturday evening, Augrust 17,
at Sherman & Clay Hall in favor of the
restoration of the army canteen. Mrs.
Brown's lecture has the official indorse
ment of Thomas Post. G. A. R., Colonel
A. B. Cuttler commander: the Union
League Club. General S. B. M. Young and
Colonel Rawles. This lecture on Saturday
evening next will be the first of a series
that the lady will deliver at the different
posts in this country.
ment of Prominent Soldiers
and Civilians.
Mrs. Clara Bell Brown Has Indorse-
20
ADVTEBTISEMinNTS-
¦ r. - 1 ' 1 .; ¦•:. r y
• y A Special Offering This Week In
LadiesvLace Lisle Hose
The Regular 50c Quality on Sale at
3 Pairs for $1.00
"Nothing so stylish as Black Lace Lisle Thread Hose" says
fashion. An immense lot came our way from a leading
European manufacturer, at such a figure that we could not
resist. They are high class goods, this season's most desirable
lace stripes, well made with double soles, heels and toes, and
are guaranteed fast black. Were never offered at less than 50c
a pair. Now on Special Sale at
I 3 Pairs for $1.00
Special Discount Sale of
Decorative Glass Ware
At J 4 Off Regular Prices
Commencing to-morrow and during the balance of this
week 2,5^ discount will be allowed on:
Imported Glass Ornaments comprising Vases
in the most unique shapes and styles in opal crystal and
irredescent effects, also a beautiful assortment of Lonhuda
ware in rich, dark colorings. This is an exceptional oppor-
tunity to secure high grade novelties. Prices are marked in plain
figures and from them this week we will deduct One-quarter.
Our Extraordinary Remnant Sale of
Laces and Trimmings
Closes To-morrow (Monday) at 6.>p. m.
The greatest Remnant Sale in our history ends to-rnorrow at
6 P. M: During last week, sales have been greater each
succeeding day, proof that no such values have ever been
offered. We have gone through our stocks and added some odd
lengths of recently imported Laces, Trimmings, Allover Laces,
Spangled Nets, Brussells' Nets and Chiffons. These besides
being, marked at the regular remnant prices, will be offered
to-morrow at - - - - - - One-third Off
\ : 1
Shirt Waist Sale
Closing out broken lines of Summer Shirt Waists at greatly
reduced prices.
Summer Shirt Waists (Value $2.00) - - $1.25 each
Summer Shirt Waists (Value 2.50)-- 1.50 each
Summer Shirt Waists (Value 3.00) -- 1.75 each
-Summer Shirt Waists (Value 4.00),-- 2.25 each
50c Pillow Tops .
Now 25c each
Clean-up of Pillow Tops, Stamped and tinted, floral, con
ventional and poster designs. The regular 50c pillow tops,
closing out price— 25c each.
to 131 Kearnp Street\
S^^^^Iil^l^j^^ 11^!, upon this^ and this. |
IS A * p oto«key f Awaiting a Frost At Home, Using Cocaine. Cured by Stuart's Catarrh Tablets. 29
m ar^ntlte^rh^e 1 ?^^^^,™ £%Z ' i "•. The ?f "? to tonKh " out at ***** P^P 1 * took a course of Stuart's H
5*J fitaa^T^fli^ri^^fa?^?^ ?* "J.® y checkln S down th8 distress with prep- Catarrh Tablets, and. immune to pollen poisons, fM
M. f le^ u / es ; Prtwnew to loc»Uty wait- aratlons containing cocaine. ; Tbey should .•>.... they hall the glad Summertime as the pleasant- B|
tv^j ing lor a irosi. beware of drugs that enslave. • i\, est part of the year. ffl
pl In a recent issue of a medical journal, an editorial, written exclusively for physicians, safe: ' 'Something more than an B
|pi external irritant is required to produce hay fever. Country people are surrounded by a pollen-laden atmosphere; .the fields are full M
|| of ripening grasses, the ever-present rag weed grows in luxuriance, the goldenrod blooms by every roadside, and their pollens float H
|gj on every breeze, yet nearly all the hay fever victims are from the populous centers and of a class shut up in the study, the counting H
S| house, the factory or store, where the atmosphere is as free as possible from plant dust.'' 88
|k ; The results of treatment go to prove the same fact, thaf the real fault is with the individual, that hay fever is a systemic or 11
gj constitutional disease rendering one particularly susceptible to the influence of substances that have no unpleasant effect on healthy HI
pj Local applications alone never did and never will cure hay fever. Most local remedies, that give relief, containV cocaine that ; H
£p deadens the affected tissues and lulls the more distressing '¦ symptoms to temporary rest , but must be resorted to so frequently as to, H
|H each season, fasten the dreadful cocaine habit on a considerable percentage of -hay fever victims. '.' - ' ' II
jay -. To cure hay fever we must not rely on the local tinkering of mere symptoms but address remedies to the deep-seated consti- I
gl tutional cause that permits of the local irritations. r . . , H
II . . The only real cure for hay fever » the only true cure for catarrh, consists in so influencing the system by internal or con- 3
|j| stitutional treatment as to enable it to withstand and be immune to all plant dust irritants. Correct the constitutional weakness H
P| that allows of the disease, by proper internal treatment/and, like healthy folks, you , will not have hay fever." ••' - ||
g| _ There is one remedy that will do this; will so alter, strengthen and fortify the system that it will be proof against poUen ffl
&3 poisons. It is the same remedy that has cured so many thousands of catarrh by building them up out of a systemic weakness that H
£h permitted of catarrhal conditions. ; * " , : ,- *• . ' , . Egg
|| ; Stuart's Catarrh Tablets if taken in time will render the system resistant to ;hay fever, and one will no more have it than do ' H
r|| other people who are equally exposed to plant dust. " ' -' v. . : . •_ . , ' HH
|| To wholly escape hay fever one must begin the tablets some'time before the attack usually comes on. ' If one waits until the I
m disease is already manifest, to take the tablets, they will relieve to some degree, and, in a measure ward off the disease - 9
m Begin early, get your system thoroughly under .. the influence, of the tablets aid in perfect condition "to resist influences that
m do not affect healthy and constitutionally right people; /escape the annual vexations and miseries that attend hay fever stay at ' II
H home among your friends attending to life's duties and pleasures, and enjoy the beautiful Summer and Fall months when all nature I
Bra rejoices and normal folks are happy and content. . . - . . •. ¦ : ;: : " ! ' ; ' . ' • H
H . 'All drug stores sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at 50 cents a box. They contain noxocaine or opiates,^ so common to hay fever 1
m remedies, and are safe as they are reliable and satisfactory., '¦¦^ry^theai and be convinced- V. We will send booklets about hay,fever H
g| and catarrh free for the asking. F. A. Stuart Company, Marshall, Mich. ll!!!!? Htion and Barred From Taking
Another. .
Fails in One Civil Service Examina-
SUPERINTENDENT BARNETT
WTXIj LOSE HIS PLACE
THE TOTO KISEN KAISHA'S AMERICA MARU, THE OCEANIC STEAMSHIP. COMPANY'S MARIPOSA AND THE'
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S POMONA LEAVING PORT YESTERDAY AFTERNOON. ALL THE
VESSELS TOOK AWAY LARGE CARGOES AND MANY PASSENGERS. "
of the day; except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the hetght. and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of referenca is
the mean of the lower low waters. . .
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, 17. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
August 10, 1S01.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Tim© Ball.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Aug 10— Stmr
Doric, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama-
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Nomadic,
for Liverpool: stmr Marquette, for London;
Btmr Statendam. for Rotterdam, via Bou
logne: stmr Minneapolis, for London; stmr As
toria, for Glasgow; stmr Campania, for Liver
poor; stmr Werra, for Hamburg.
Arrived Aur 10— Stmr Potsdam, from Rotter
dam and Uoulome.
' ANTWERP-Arrived Aug 10— Stmr South
trark, from New York.
Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Friesland, for New
Ynrii.
HAVRE— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr La Gascogne,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Cym
ric, from Llvernool. for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Auk 10— Stmr Lucania,
for New York; stmr Cevic, for New York.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Ching
Wo. from Seattle, for London.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 20— Ship Charmer,
from Tacoma. July 2S— Bktn S G Wilder,
hence July 11: schr Defender, from Hana
maula: schr Oceania Vance, from Grays Har
bor. July 30— Bark. Albert, hence July 14; bark
Mauna Ala, hence July 12. Aug 1— Stmr Peru,
hence July 25; U S stmr Philadelphia, from
Pago Pago: Br ship Kinross, from Liverpool.
Sailed July 27— Bktn S N Castle, for San
Kroccisco; Nor bark Oddsrejaa, for Pueet
Sound; bktn Benicia, for Ban Francisco; ship
Florence, for Puget Sound. Aug 1— Bark R P
Ri'het, for San Francisco; bark Ceylon, for
Laysan Island: stmr Peru, for China and
Japan: ship Elwell; for Puget Sound; Br ship
Republic, for Puret Sound.
KAHULUI— To sail July 31— Bark W B Flint,
for San Francisco.
Sailed July :g— Br bark Antiope, for Oyster
Harbor.
HILO— Sailed July 25— Ship Falls of Clyde,
for San Francisco.
MAHUKONA— Sailed July 2— Brig Galilee,
for San Francisco. ¦
Arrived July 20— Bark Carrollton, from Ta
coma.
Palled July 21 — Bktn Gardiner City, for Grays
Harbor. July 22 — Br bark Senator, for Liver
pool. " . .
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALCUTTA— Arrived Aug 6— Br stmr Almond
Branch, from.. Port Blakeley.
TOKOHAMA— Arrived Augr 4— Br stmr Brae
m»r, from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Sailed Aug 8— Br Btmr Flint
shire, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Aug 9 — Br ship
Swanhilda. for Hamburg.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Aug 9-Br ship Lady
Isabella, for Oregon.
ISLAND PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 9— Schr Ivy. from
Nome. Auz IC — Jan stmr Idzuml Maru. from
Yokohama.
Arrived Auk 10— Stmr Lakme. from San
Pedro.
EUREKA— Sailed Aug 10— Schr Ida McKay,
for San Pedro. \
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aw 10— Schr W F
Jewett, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived AU3 3— Schr John
A, from San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived— Schr Volant, from
Port Gamble.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Au«r 10— Schr Albert
Meyer, from Ballard; stmr Sequoia, from Fort
Brass-
PORT TOWNSENI>-Arr!ved Aus »-Bktn
Quickstep, from Salinas Cruz.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Jap stmr Kinthui Maru, previously reported
stranded oa Quflsart, Corea, has been floated
and damage was not serious. Steamer arrived
at Shanghai July 2S.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per 6tmr Zeaiandia— Aug 10, at 7:25 a m, lat
37 ?2 N.I Ion 123 23 \V. Br ship Foyledale, from
Mollendo for San Francisco: all well on board;
pive him his course and distance to -the Faral
loncs.
Aug 5, lat 47 N, Ion 8 W— Br ship Lang
dale, from London, for Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBCS. Aug 10, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind S\V, velocity S miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Saturday, Ausust 10.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka,
Stmr Marinosa, Rennie, Honolulu.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, .
Chil stsnr Aconcagua, Sorensen, Valparaiso.
Jap stmr America Maru. Going, Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkonr.
SAILED.
Jap fitmr America Maru. Going, Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong; W H Avery, agent.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, 7 days 15 hour3
from Honolulu.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. 67 hours from Vic
toria and Pugret Sound ix>r-.s.
Stmr Asuncion, Evans, 4 days from Seattle.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridjett, 40 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, 3^4 days from
Oyster Harbor.
Br Ktmr Peru, Newton, 42 days from Val
paraiso, via Mazatlan 5 davs.
Schr Volunteer, Bressen, 2 days from Coos
Bay. . .
CLEARED. \
• Saturday, Ausust 10.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. *¦ •
Stmr Eanta Rcsa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr MarlDoea. Rennie. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Saturday, August 10.
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Notice Is hereby civen that the Sherman
Rock Bell Buoy, a red, nun-shaped, lattice
work body surmounted by a bell, heretofore
reported adrift (L. H. B. Bulletin No. 117, par.
S5. rage IS), was replaced July SO. 1S01. by a
red, second-class nun buoy, Xo. 2, without
change in position.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1901, page S6.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
V W.' P. DAT.
Commander, U. S. N..
Llghthouss Inspector.
Notice to Mariners.
LTXX CANAL. ALASKA
In addition to cargo previously reported the
steamer City of Sydney, wheih sailed Friday
for Panama and way ports, carried the fol
lrwir.g cargo for Central America, valued at
J2C53:
3 bales dry goods, 5 bales basrs, 433S ft lum
ber. n ?<> lbs lard. 30 ga's> whisky. 119 pkgs
groceries and provisions, lf.O lbs dried fruit.
39 cs hardware, 20i cals 18 cs wine, 6 ca coal
oil. i
Additional Cargo.
barley, 4 cs rubber poods, 40 cs salmon, 1750
lbs shot. 3 cs soap. 35 cs typewriters, 410 jjals
wine. 2607 bdls wire. 42 cs whisky.
Japan— 228 ers bicycles and sundries, 646 cs
canned goods, 200 bales cotton, 30 cs electrical
supplies, 13S5 bbjs flour, 376 pkgs groceries and
proviflons, 24 cs hardware, 4 bdls hose. 21 cs
hardware. 117 bdls leather. 23 pUgs machinery,
HrO kegs nails, 20 bbls oak extract. 53 pkgs
rubber roods, ll,2ro lbs sugar. 7 cs silk, 289
lbs starch, 212.0W lbs soda ash. 15.298 lbs tan
bark, 66 cs whisky. SCO gals wine.
Manila— 12 pkgs machinery, 1J pkgs vehicles,
6 cs dry goods, 242 pJvps tools, 14 cs drugs, 2
rolls leather. 3 pkFS electrical supplies, 3 cs
rubber ironds. 10 bbls flour, 16 cs boots and
shew. 62,?98 lbs malt.
East Indies — 480 gals wine, 30S cs salmon. 22S
cs canned goods, 22 pkgs groceries and provi
sions, 2 cs drues.
To Korea— 83 pkgs groceries and provisions,
4 cs photo goods, 1 pkg machinery, 4 cs glass
ware. ' ' , '•
Vladivostok— 7250 lbs tallow.
IT was a very busy day on the water
front yesterday. The Walla Walla
arrived from Puget Sound, George
Loomis from Ventura. Wellington
and Asuncion from the Sound, Zea
iandia from Honolulu and Peru from
South America.
The America Maru sailed for the Orient,
the Mariposa for Honolulu, the Pomona
for Eureka, the Aconcagua for South
America and the City of Sydney for Pan
ama- During the arrival and departure
of each of the fleet there was not the
slightest disturbance and the evidences of
a big strike were scarcely visible.
The Martpoea took' away oyer a thou
sand tons of freight and the following
cabin passengers:
S. T. Alexander. Rev. Father S. Barbe. W.
G. Bamwell. Mrs. Barnwell. C. T. Bird. Miss
N. Carr, Miss E. M. Che«k, C. H. Clapp. E.
J. Cotton. E, H. Davis, B. K. Denbigh, Mrs.
Denbigh and child. P. H. Dodge. Mrs. Dodge,
Rev. Father W. Dutching. Mrs. A. Eldredge,
Ira Esken. Mrs. R. Gillam. P. K. Gordon. Mrs.
Gordon. Mrs. C. A. Graham and two children.
Graham H. Harris, Mrs. Harris, Miss O. Har
ris. Miss M. Irvrtn. W. u. Klncaid. D. C.
Ltnfisey, W. Lucas, C. J. Ludwlgsen, Mrs. M.
MaKum and infant. Miss Mahlum. Miss X.
McLaln. Mlrs C Mead. Fred R, Merchant.
Miss K. Nielsen, Miss G. Power, J. C. Quiiin,
Rev. Father M. P.aepsaet, Rev. Father R.
Roche. Miss M. B. Rose, W. F. Sanborn, C.
Seen, F. G. Sykes, Mrs.' Sykes, A. H. Warner.
E. Wolff.
Among the cargo were 100 tons of stone
for the new Young house at Honolulu.
The largest mail sent to the islands in
months went out on the steamship. In
ell there were 256 bag:? put aboard at the
last moment. One minute after 2 p. m.
the Mariposa was on her way into the
stream and the Pomona for Eureka was
a close second. •
Depart for the Orient.
The Toyo Kisen Kalsha's America
Maru got away for the Orient on schedule
time yesterday. She took away about 3800
tons of general merchandise and went out
just three minutes behind schedule time.
Her cabin passengers were:
For Yokohama— Rev. Charles Bishop. F.
Deardorf W. L. Franklin. Mrs. W. L. Frank
lin, Miss D C. French. F. Hansen. Miss E.
P. Hughes, Mrs. E. P. Milliken. Miss E. P.
Milliken. Miss T. Matani. Mrs. J. M. McCar
tee S Nlwa T. Shioka, Miss H. Wyckoff,
D. J. Wallac«.
For Kobe — Rev. W. M. Barrett. Miss M. B.
Barrett Rev. W. M. Blair. Mrs. W. M. Blair.
Mi*s M. H?nrj'. R* v - E. H. Miller. P. Ottesen.
For Shanghai— J. H. Dugan. Rev. G. M.
Gardner, Mrs. G. M. Gardner and six children,
L. Harrison Mrs. L. Hopkins, Mrs. L. Lewis,
A. R. Miller. Archdeacon J. R. Wolfe. Mrs.
Wolfe, Miss A. Wolfe.
For Hongkong— L. Basch. F. C Cosby. Mrs.
Xj Evans. A. G. Field, J. Israel, S. Jacobs.
W. D. Kraft, Mrs. W. D. Kraft and daughter.
Ed Mathie, C. H. C. Moller. Mrs. Nellie Robin
eon. B. C Randall. William Taft Jr.
From Honolulu — J. S. Ames, W. F. Draper,
Miss von Rodt, F. R. Sears, J. B. Thompson,
City of Sydney Sails.
The Pacific Mall Company's City of Syd
ney got away for Panama and way ports
late Friday night. She took away a small
general cargo and the following cabin
pesseng-ers :
Captain D. Angelo, J. H. Ellis. W. L. Hill.
Carlos Miron, John Milton. E. Pattee, G. S.
Tyler A. W. Burrell M. Friend. Louis Jacoby,
Jose jacoby. Mrs. M. E. Koch. Miss M. Koch.
Mrs. I. Levy. Miss F. L*vy. S. Merida. A.
Xo»fll G. W. Reed. Charles Vercoe. S. Colon.
L. BC Fatjo. A. D. Martinez, C. Nowell, > L.
Satres, F. \V. Wclcott. «
The Pomona took away the usual list of
passengers for Humboldt, and the Acon
cagua took freight only.
Peru Arrives From Valparaiso.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Peru arrived from South and Cen
tral American ports yesterday evening.
She brings a general cargo and the fol
lowing passengers:
James Fultcn Jr., Miss M. Hope. John Erin,
Captain Thomas Boyd and wife. Miss M. Boyd,
R. Saenz, Max Gonzalez D.Iej:a, Jose L. Minero.
Mrs. A. Wiessir.an, Miss M. Gonzalez. A.
Etahl. X. Rairaundo, Miss J. C. Burke, Diego
Estrada. Enrique Tunlga, Anton Marcial del
Rial, Mrs. N. Gutierrez. Miss Jessie Gutier
rez. Rafael G. Ibarro, Marcelino Herrerias and
family, Frank Eaton, John Marsden, E. Uaty
and J. Guerrero.
Arrival cf the Zeaiandia.
The Oceanic Mail Company's Zealandla
arrived from Honolulu yesterday. The
City of Peking had not arrived when she
left the Islands ar.d may not be looked
for before this evening. The cabin pas
sengers on the Zeaiandia were: •
Miss "Whitney, Miss Fitch. Miss M. A. Fur
ley, Mrs. Deacon, Mrs. J. J. Specker, Mrs.
Hagkill and child. Mrs. Morse, Captain Morse
and ¦wife," Captain Knacke end wife, J. H.
Drew and wife. E. R. Johnson and wife. W.
Cahill, O. Eastwood. J. F. Cawes, L. F. Sterne
rr.nr.n, O. Shlpman, William Hanley, F. F.
Porter, H. X. Caawet, J. S. Schweizer, Mr.
Hay, A. B. "Watson. A. Berg, J. F. Morgan,
James Whitney. A. 6. Peters. G. H. May. Mr*.
DowdeU.
The cruiser Philadelphia was In port
¦when the mail boat left and may be ex
pected here during the week. The ship
J. B. Brown wac not dismasted, but
sprang a leak and had to put Into Tahiti
for repairs. "When spoken by the Gleaner
she was under short canvas and not in
distress.
inrWS OF THE OCEAIT.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Th© Mohican will load merchandise for Hon
olulu; the Pasqucle Lauro, wheat for Europe,
40s, prior to arrival; the W. F. Babcock, bar
ley for New York, prior to arrival.
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
The Japanese line eteamer America Marti
sailed yesterday for China and Japan with a
general cargo valued at $214,053, manifested
and destined as follows: For China, $166,515;
Japan. J58.6C9; Manila. 114.131; East Indies,
$2481; Korea. J7S7; Vladivostok. $450. The prin
cipal «xr>orts were as follows:
To Chlna-16S bbls asphaltum, 2230 lbs cheese.
439 cs canned coeds, 9 cs champagne, 81 cs
drupe. 1264 bales drills and sheeting*. 1673 lbs
dried fruit. 3 ce electrical supplies. 16.X37 bbls
flour. 14 csks ginseng, 454 pkgs fruit, 1026 pkgs
jrroceriee and provisions, 4 ca hardware, 4455
lbs ham and bacon, 8 cs honey. 1135 pigs lead
It c* liquors. 23 pkgs machinery £300 lbs pearl
STEAMSHIPS GET AWAY
LADEN WITH FREIGHT
Mariposa Sails for Honolulu With' Crowd of
Passengers— Other Liners Depart on Time
for the Orient and' South. America
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic ' Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francieco Bay. Published by. official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FROM SEATTLE.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 11.
Sun rises 5.-21
Sun sets 7:03
Moon rises 2:30 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition ' of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day - In the order of occurrence I as to time of
day; the third time column • gives the last tide
The only route having ¦ through sleeping
car service between San 'Francisco and St.'
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed ' at Salt
Lake City. For • full information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 120 California street. ••
"The Missouri Pacific Limited.''
Lady Friend (nervously)— Which way do
you i turn the handle to . steer out when
something is coming toward you?., ;
Owner of Automobile^ You needn't turn
it, dear. You just act as though you didn't
know; what; to do, and they will turn but
and ; give you the : whole ¦ road.—Washing
ton Btar.-,./ : VKi,: . ¦ : : ->.W;
From basement to garret during the
past seven months workmen have been
transforming . the old-fashioned furnish
ings into the most modern equipped hotel
of the coast. Over $70,000 has been.ex
pended, and that it has been wisely done
Is evidenced by the comfort, taste and
convenience seen at every turn. Perhaps
the most conspicuous feature in the
change is the magnificent new entrance
on Montgomery street, constructed almost
entirely .of marble. A broad flight of
steps ascends to a landing midway'be
tween the first and second floor, whence
the flight continues at right angles to the
office. . Heavy brass fittings of balustrade
and chandelier heighten the effect of
massiveness and contrast pleasurably
with the rich mahogany of " .which the
woodwork is constructed. The I business
office' has been completely remodeled and
is one of the nandsomest in the city, - be
ing finished in well selected • mahogany.'
Throughout the hotel entirely new sani
tary plumbing has been installed and hot
and cold water introduced into each of the
300 rooms. Twenty-one new baths have
been added % to the suites not previously
supplied. An electric service has been es
tablished, as well as gas provided in event
of electricity falling. The dining-room and
kitchen have been remodeled and supplied
with 'the latest apparatus known in the
conduct of a modern hotel. It may be
mentioned in. this connection that the cui
sine of the Russ House has been one of
the features that has gained for It great
popularity, not alone among the traveling;
public,' but with San Franciscans as well/
The lunch especially has been well pa
tronized by downtown business men, and
with the Increased facilities for handling
expeditiously a large number of patrons
should surpass its previous popularity. '
Colonel J. S.Young. the proprietor, has
been - in . the hotel business for the past
thirty-five years, and his career has been
one of uninterrupted success. No one un
derstands or is . quicker ; to anticipate the
demands of the public, and no. hotel pro
prietor, on ; the coast enjoys greater per
sonal 'popularity -with: the public Asso
ciated- with him are his -two sons, who
have been carefully trained in the busi
ness, "i and their assistance, coupled with
his experience, insures; his guests the best
service obtainable.'-.."-^ , ' •
The old patrons, and they are many, of
the Russ House would scarcely recognize
the Interior of this popular hotel, so com
pletely have the premises been rehabili
tated. .' "'. V
Improvements of .Splendid Character
Made Throughout.
THE NEW RUSS HOUSE.
"Look at the stun*;that goes to waste In
the grocery business," said the lounger in
the ; store, "and think ¦ of ; the small mar
gin on most of the goods. Where does the
profit come in ?" ¦ • ' r "
"The i profit,"- said the impatient man
with • the ; basket on his arm, ' 'comes from
having one clerk to wait on ; thiity-six
-The jury In the case of , Alfred Mc-
Laughlin, charged with assault to murder,
after being out all night brought In a ver
dict I of | simple I assault . in Judge ; Lawlor's
court: yesterday morning:.: The prisoner
will be sentenced next Saturday. He and
his brother Daniel were accused of almost
beating • Police Sergeant Lewis to death
last- March. "Alfred was tried by a jury
in Jugde- Cook's; court, but the jury dis
agreed and this was. his second trial. His
brother is yet to :be tried.; ¦ -
McLaughlin Jury T^enient.
Overture, "Rienzi' ' . .' Wagner
Moaaiquo on German popular songs... .Kuhner
Barytone solo, "The . Evening Star," -from ¦
. ,VTannhauser" .\ Wagner
Introduction third act and wadding march
from "LohenKrin" ". ¦ ..Wagner
March from opera of "The Prophet". Meyerbeer
EVENING. <
Overture from "Egmonf ' . ..... Beethoven
Address by the president Charles Bundsc.hu
(a) Adagietto "Suite Arlesienne". ..Bizet
fb) Entre Acte Gavotte. i. ..Gillet
Oration by Professor Julius Goebel of Stanford
. University.
Bridal aonsr and dance from "Laendllche
Hochzeit'i ....'. Goldmark
Recitation, poem by F. C' Castelhun. ........
...-¦ ..............Miss Mnida Castelhun
Serenade for flute and French horn.........Tltl
. Messrs. W. Oesterrelcher and O. Schlott.
Address . by , Prof es3or Albin Putzker of Uni
versity of California. ;
Selections from "LohenRrin'T. ......Wagner
Closing remarks by the president, Charles
Bundschu. • .
Concluding with the singing of "Die Wacht
am Rhetn" by the audience. .
concoser..
"Soldattnchor. 1 ' aua "Faust" '...Gounod
Massenschor and Park Band." Kapellmeister,
... Paul Steindorff. .
The .German Colony Will . Calebrate
I : To-Day Completion of Ooethe
* Schiller Statue. ' -
The arrangements for the unveiling In
Golden Gate Park this afternoon of. the
Goethe-Schiller monument have been per
fected and nothing but the co-operation
of. the weather Is wanting to make the
cercmenythe success the local German
colony expects it to be.
The programmes for afternoon and even
ing r will; be" as follows, the latter being
rendered at Native Sons' Hall:
' Mubel Overture' ' '. .Weber
"Der Taz des Herrn" Kreutzner
Ma3renchor. Kapellmeister, Paul Steindorff.
AddreEi-es by Dr. Max Rlchter. Charles Bund
schu. Hon. James D. Phelan.
"Triurrsph Marsch". Theodor Vogt
Specially composed for the occasion- and dedi
cated to Paul Steindorff. Directed by the
AEBANGEMENTS COMPLETE
; FOR UNVEILING CEREMONY
Trick and fancy springboard diving:— P. Louis,
R. Hall, J. Armacost, W. Gorman, H. Heinze,
R. Seltzer. W. Guine. H. Wilson. H. Foweler.
E. Bell. H. Leicken. T. McKillop. F. Muller.
W. Carmody. W. Carroll. E. Wlnfleld. J. Saw
yer. J. Stelljes, A. Sundberg 1 .
Tub race, three prizes, open to alL
100-yard race, ' amateurs — A. Martinez. F.
Springer, J. Ryan, C. Donovan, L. Harper. J.
Stelljes, C. Hanlon. D. Kerwln, E. Jacobs. F.
Wolfe. E. "Wells. O. Freemont. C. Harnes, W.
Fisher. M. Griswald, E. Lynch, F. Moody, R.
Rldlng, A. Hay. F. Clayton, W. Boyle C.
Crist? G. -Manning, F. NelU. F. Irving. H.
Doughertr, H. Mitchell.
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— I* Britten, C. Au
gustus, .W. Conners. C. Mason. J. Morris, P.
Berges, E. Bell. C Shultz. r>. Chase. X*. Bau
daln, J. Terry, H. Heinze, "W. Condon, J.
Erasmy, T. Alexander, J. Sullivan.- J. Sherry,
C. Simpson. C. Leary. C. McCarthy. L. Cor
nelt.l-.O. Mtzem. S. Martin. ~T. Erown, F.
Baiter; F. Clough. TV. Stockton.' J. Sundbergr.
H. McKenzle. B. Coll. C. Swett, J. Callahan.
J. Lillie, O. Caulfleld. M. Leornard, C. "WrUt.
W. Bush. "W. Adams, L.; Brader. J. Lalley.
Underwater swimming, ¦ free for all — E.
"Woods. B. Klpp. C. Wryst. H. Lelcken; J.
O'Brien, O. Lowenthal, S. Flnnlgan. r>. llackel.
O. Meyers. C. Butterworth, !». Summers. H.
Pfuhl, E. McClure. J. Jackson. R. Grundy, P.
McDermld. VT. Cook. M. Roche. B. Ferrtll, H.
Cross.
' Following are the entries in the various
swimming contests to he held this after
noon at Sutro Baths:
rotis Entries for the Contests
That Will Be Held This
Afternoon.
AMATEUES WILL SWIM
AT THE STJTRO BATH3
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, SUNDAY, AUOUST 11, 1901.
Twelve of the fourteen civil service dep
uties certified for appointment in the Tax
Collector's office were sworn in yesterday
after filing bonds in the sum of $5000 each.
Hiram Goldstein and Charles Squires, the
two other ellgibles, are out of the State,
but their, places will be reserved for them
when they return.
¦ Mayor Phelan withdrew . his protest
against the payment of Scott's old depu
ties, who have been resisting civil service
and whose salary demands for four
months were not approved by the Aud
itor. Each deputy received $500.
. Superintendent of Public Buildings Bar
nett is in danger of losing his position if
the Civil Service Commission follows its
rule providing that any applicant failing in
one ' examination ' is barred from taking
another for a r>erlod of six months. Bar
nett received only 70 per cent in the ex
amination which was held one month ago,
75 per cent beinjr the minimum.
The commission has decided to hold the
remaining examinations .for all positions
under the civil service in the city govern-:
ment before the end of the year. -This
will bring, the second examination for Su
perintendent of Public Buildings within
the six months' limit,": and Barnett , will
consequently follow in the footsteps of
Superintendent of Streets Thomas, who
also failed in the examination, and will
be succeeded by one of the three ellgibles
who passed.
21
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. —
L, W H.W L. W H W
U .[. 8:04 -0.5 10:06 4.6 2:42 2.8 8:59
12 ... 3:51—0.6 10:51 4.9 -3:37 2.6 9:51
13 ... 4:35—0.5 11:28 B.I 4:29 2.3 10:42
]*...! 6:14—0.3 12:03 6.2 6:16 2.0 11:31
15 ... 6:50 0.C 12:46 6.3 6:01 l.g
H W L W H W L W
18... 0:20 E.! . 6:2S 0.4 1:19 5.4 6:51
17 ... 1:06 5.0 7:04 0.9 .1:52 5.3 7:40
! Ft.
6.1
6.1
6.8
5.6
1.7
1.6
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Peking-. China and Japan- Aug. 11
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts. Au* . 11
Sonoma Sydney and Way Ports Aug. 12
Pomona. Humboldt Aug. 13
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 15
Santa Rosa San LJiego & Way Pts. Aug. 15
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 16
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Augr. IS
San'Juan Panama & Way Ports. Aug. IS
Bonlta .*.... San Pedro & Way Pta. Aug» 18
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Aug. 19
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 20
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama.... Aug. 20
-Corona.. Newport & Way Ports Aug. 22
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 22
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Aug. 23
City of Puebla. I Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 23
Eteamer. Destination.
Anprant 11.
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Mandalay.... Coquille River
Empire. Coos Bay
Curacao Mexican Ports
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
Santa Rosa... fan Diego & Way.
AuKimt 12.
City Puebla.. Pugst Sound Ports.
Eureka Humboldt
August 1.'!.
Arcata jCoos Bay
Anubls. ....... S. America, Europe
Bonlta San Pedro & Way.
AusuNt 14.
San Pedro.... Humboldt .....;....
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Anicnat 15.
Pomona.. Humboldt
AllKtlNt 10.
Peru Valparaiso & Way.
AuiviiMt 17.
City Peking.. China &, Japan....
Corona.: Newport & Way..
[Sails.
I I
i i
2 pm
5 pm
10 am
10 am
11 am
9 am
¦ I
11 am
12 m
12 m
I Pier/.
I
i .-
IPier 2
Pier —
Pier IS
Pier 11
Pier 2»
Pier U
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 11
9 am
10 am
Pier 2
Pier S
Pier 9
l
ii am
1:30 p
Pier 9
12 m
Pier 10
1 pm
9 am
PMSS
Pier, 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
DIrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 13
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way , Ports Aug. ,13
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 13
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 14
AI-K1 Rkaguay & Way Port* Aug. 14
Dolphin Skaguay. & Way Ports. Aug. 16
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way ¦ Ports Aug. IS
Chas. Nelson.. "•'UKuay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Spokane Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and Teller....... Aug.* 24
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Peking-. China and Japan- Aug. 11
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts. Au* . 11
Sonoma Sydney and Way Ports Aug. 12
Pomona. Humboldt Aug. 13
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 15
Santa Rosa San LJiego & Way Pts. Aug. 15
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 16
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Augr. IS
San'Juan Panama & Way Ports. Aug. IS
Bonlta .*.... San Pedro & Way Pta. Aug» 18
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Aug. 19
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 20
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama.... Aug. 20
-Corona.. Newport & Way Ports Aug. 22
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 22
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Aug. 23
City of Puebla. I Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 23
Eteamer. Destination.
Anprant 11.
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Mandalay.... Coquille River
Empire. Coos Bay
Curacao Mexican Ports
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
Santa Rosa... fan Diego & Way.
AuKimt 12.
City Puebla.. Pugst Sound Ports.
Eureka Humboldt
August 1.'!.
Arcata jCoos Bay
Anubls. ....... S. America, Europe
Bonlta San Pedro & Way.
AusuNt 14.
San Pedro.... Humboldt .....;....
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Anicnat 15.
Pomona.. Humboldt
AllKtlNt 10.
Peru Valparaiso & Way.
AuiviiMt 17.
City Peking.. China &, Japan....
Corona.: Newport & Way..
[Sails.
I I
i i
2 pm
5 pm
10 am
10 am
11 am
9 am
¦ I
11 am
12 m
12 m
I Pier/.
I
i .-
IPier 2
Pier —
Pier IS
Pier 11
Pier 2»
Pier U
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 11
9 am
10 am
Pier 2
Pier S
Pier 9
l
ii am
1:30 p
Pier 9
12 m
Pier 10
1 pm
9 am
PMSS
Pier, 11
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. —
L, W H.W L. W H W
U .[. 8:04 -0.5 10:06 4.6 2:42 2.8 8:59
12 ... 3:51—0.6 10:51 4.9 -3:37 2.6 9:51
13 ... 4:35—0.5 11:28 B.I 4:29 2.3 10:42
]*...! 6:14—0.3 12:03 6.2 6:16 2.0 11:31
15 ... 6:50 0.C 12:46 6.3 6:01 l.g
H W L W H W L W
18... 0:20 E.! . 6:2S 0.4 1:19 5.4 6:51
17 ... 1:06 5.0 7:04 0.9 .1:52 5.3 7:40
! Ft.
6.1
6.1
6.8
5.6
1.7
1.6
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
DIrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 13
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way , Ports Aug. ,13
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 13
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 14
AI-K1 Rkaguay & Way Port* Aug. 14
Dolphin Skaguay. & Way Ports. Aug. 16
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way ¦ Ports Aug. IS
Chas. Nelson.. "•'UKuay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Spokane Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and Teller....... Aug.* 24
GBAPE-NUTS.
S GRAPE-NUTS
No Cooking.
WARM
WEATHER
BREAKFASTS
EASY FOR THE COOK.
As the warm days approach, it is well
to give some thought to an easy way to
prepare breakfast. A food that is already
cooked and simply needs to be treated
with a little cold milk or cold cream 13
Ideal on that point, and such a food can
be found in Grape-Nuts, at 15 cents per
package.
It is sold by all grocers, and is so highly
concentrated that not more than three or
four teaspoonfuls are required for the
cereal part of the meal. This makes the
food very economical and does not over-
tax the stomach with a great- volume.
|M TALCOTT • ||
l : fTO II &eo - s
IS ¦ . ) ::¦> . ¦ ¦.'¦'• .'- H
Q ¦ n
B ¦¦ ¦ - : .-¦' • .- B
g Followed by Correct Treatment . a
m ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
0 ' ¦ " B
| >4 Weakness. M |
y There is no such condition as weakness in a man under fifty years of age, 35
fed other than general, debility. In a stomach damaged by an ulcer or inflamma.' jg
ES* tion, symptoms of disorGered function arise. Prematureness, loss of vitality H
S3! and the disorders known as '.'weakness" are but symptoms of some damage to j B
E the reproductive system, caused by a contracted disorder or early dissipa- Q
E3 tion. In looking for the location of this damage we generally find an en- ~
BS larged, swollen and inflammed prostate gland. As this gland Is the very cen- : ma
SI ter of the reproductive system, it can readily be understood that Inflamma- j
H tion of it must cause disordered function. These cases are promptly benefited »j
B by proper treatment, otherwise the patient goes. from bad to worse. The es- jg
B sential point in all of them is the necessity of the cure of the focus of the »g
H trouble, in the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully treated for a weak- (j
H .ness which never existed, when if the damaged tract had been repaired a, '¦
8 cure would have been the result. In our experience there is no drug in the ¦
¦j Pharmacopeia, taken into the stomach, that will even benefit this class of ¦
H cases. Our plan of treatment is entirely a local one and prompt results are HI
S obtained, as indicated by increased circulation and return of natural vigor. ¦
El Varicocele is an enlargement of the most vital blood vessels in man. In 88
EB their normar condition, their function' is to carry oft waste material, thus R
H enabling the organs to receive fresh nutrition. Owing to the breaking down B
H of the valves, caused by the paralysis of the muscular coat of the veins, they ¦*
H become dilated and local stagnation of the blood follows. The vital organs, g
El' being deprived of their. proper quality and quantity of nourishment, impaired, g*
3 function is the result. Statistics prove that 23 per cent of th» male population ¦*
™ are afflicted with varicocele In some stage of <Be disease. We guarantee to curs E
H .varicocele in one w'eek at our office, or four weeks of home treatment, with-' 5
2 out the use of knife, caustic or ligature. We have cured over 3000 cases with- /5
¦ out a single failure or unpleasant result. We invite correspondence and the ¦;
H fullest investigation of our methods, and can refer to cured patients If da- ¦
H sired. -V- -.•..-. ..-..- - ¦ ¦
El ¦ Colored chart of the organs sent on application. . U
j§ , Address F. L. TALCOTT, M. D., or DR. TALCOTT & CO., a
8 00*7 Mowi/af Corner Sixth. 1
§ t/y 4 lYIClI tik^L OL»J Entire Upper Floor.; -g
BniiiauHBiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiii
', . .,-.¦,¦¦.••¦.-.,• .-,.,;¦¦¦. ¦ -.• _-.;-. •;-¦-¦ '... .; V-... -;-. . •¦ • :r; -..-. __,-
JOE riOSENBEBG'S.
JOE ROSENBEBG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S,
JOE KOSEHBEBG'SL
f jilt ¦ VgiiP 1 , W---^__J|^ . ANNOUNCING THE APPROACH OF WINTER. 1
I rflgpyfP^ - '¦dM&^* S ° ° UR SUMMaK GOODS WILL Bs FLYING AT THE PRICES WE HAVE MARKED. f
A FEW OF THE MANY OFFERINGS. I
3 RARE OPPORTUNITY TO BUY LEATHER SOROSIS. HAIR ORNAMENTS. 'Y '. CLEARANCE SALE IN UCES. EMBROIDERY OPPORTUNITY. 1
afifinn^ ' or c it is known aq tv»*» — U0^2^ * The IDEAL 5000 . yards of TORCHON LACE, 3373 varr >- errorqet Tr\TT»T*rvrrvirTVV m
: LADIES' LEATHER BELTS, made igSffli S5S*. f^S^lk "«• iKdJ* 1 *- tSJSiy dllSr^ntTittgSff'to "SSSfe- ™*° °* th ' «« ««**» *nd nam^ ,\
f, of seal and patent leather. It is the / /- Glove mad n f Iw lj^U^^>^m finest polished from, three inches wide. If you are sooks. open and closed edges. If you 2
new patent citwel belts, curved and MJ lambskin- nioue «Pwpri MmS£r : \^-^££'$ Italian ' shell, the not in need of laces right away it will are looking for poor goods at poor J*j
-SALE PRICE 25c no^ejiial! granted and fitted! best W^wIFZ ' clasp that will READ ON. low prices, that's what they are. g
I mdcct nrnin-riiruT ' for the least ••••81.OO WW / »?,!? u o St « a^, « - 378 yards BLACK FRENCH LACE. 4 inches wide 15 c S
| CORSET DEPARTMENT. G ores and R.bhons cleaned and mad\ I io / n?ac£no^ 2Oc 1
. I A Story of More Then Passim interest to io:k Ike nZ, 5c"' ° *^%*™% fourtin^ch^Idl. sSSe 'oTthesa 8 lnche3 - Id9 --5e A
3 Those Who Neid Corsetr. \ ..'¦ >.. ', W$W$M ¦ slT «&vft£!i. laces have been sold as high as $1.50 a ic Turnr le iiivTiiiiir* hpu» «
275 corsets, made __ AND STILL THE GOOD WORK GOES ON. "^^^P^-, g^^te^ 6 ""^ ®^ e d pric °e ur clear | n 5 c^ IF THERE IS ANYTHING HEW J
I of the best imported iZ^OL AII _¦__,, „,_ Btnt^ », - K «v*.uwn.. , manufacturer to- dmt&k saie price PERTAINING TO IM- rfflW \L
\ colored flowered ba- %%SM • -v^i wL nf t 11 be as It should be. OUR INTRODUC- W&BX NEXT. PROVE YOUR FORM V»- J
J tiste. the new Empire T*S» ar a^nd wp hlfe htirflnnt I v.i Ln( l er ; TTOX PRICE lOe 3ft|\ 983 yards of NOR- look toward JOE ' \±P §
«hape rust .proof front \W 'Zl^slt^M^ilnt^uiau^^^J^BO A' NEW PATENT BACK f$f%? M A N D Y VALENCI- ROSENBERG, -and 0
steel, lace top and Jaot- ) \ Jri™ Monday and C»Z ifii h TORTOISE SHELL COMB. Best 82 >ui ENNES LACB, neweBt here it is. It is a long /^V\vN I
to n V,r e O v ra t 1 ?£ ldeban^ Jt^<^ ¦ -thVlkst days of this TOtwT^ strons to r n % r or T 8 ?^ / \V\\\ I
. to prevent the corset JB^rttt \ V^ • u ij . sreai saie> round teeth OUR SALE PRICE / r^toM? «^S 6 ' the kind we can waist extender. It is a / >v JJK. \\ \ g
\ from stretching. A miX<S^ \ Gowns, embroidered and lace trim- . r0Una ieei< U hA-£&m warrant will wash. Our band of highly polish- ArV^si t I
g beauty in looks, but a \ \\ \&r/) ) med •> • 70e •' "" clearance sale price, ed steel, with five per- VVQ^'SSJl M
M wonder in price, ,48c Nia^ I / / Chemise, embroidery trimmed.. .SOp DIDROMC BIDOnilC five inches wide 15c forations to attach to lt^dj^lUj K. •'
Q WE DON'T WANT >\ : ' '• / A • niDDUIIO! nlDDUPIOi ¦ • .. your corset. Rivingr any lH3§SfeaE&^ r
a TO BOAST. BUT \- J<y*. I AfllF^' HAMM(FRPHIFF$ IT PIUCU One item from our ribbon department. Kfln PUII f)'C Ufi^C UnW 9Rn 3t \ QTi p- h you I
E THIS IS THE BEST \,^ \ L * ulc w nAHURtlllinltro Al UtVtN- « Or ca«5H rirrhn lor -OUU UniLUiO. nUJC -. BUIl ZOUi choose. It is connected with a tape so I
E CORSET THAT W^ AWAYPRIPF^ - ti 1.™=^ «J,n .it w i, , ? Made of the best French lisle, fast that it can bo tied around th© waist. 1
B MONEY CAN PRO- • Y J AWAI rnlbCdi . • It is made ! of all-silk, black lustrous black, double heel, toes and knots.. One look will convince you it is the I;
D CURE. / . A .2000 dozen Ladies' Swiss Embroid- £f ' o g k «^?Cf y q * ua iu y> 1^?^ 1 ful1 length, medium weight, sort na proper article to give you the required 8
Q LA VIDA-It 1^ thfl I ///Jl ered Handkerchiefs, scalloped and AWAv^TB'iPAv'pwQAT?-' ott?S Q: vdvet - At this clearance price they lonpwaJst shape. IMPORTANT B
1 new erect form mill- / #// hemstitched borders; they are manu- AWAT CLEARANCE SALE PRICE.. wII1 sell qulckly 2 5c ARTICLE AT A LITTLE PRICE 25 C i
I tary corset It is the facturers' seconds; that is, some are ". •' XifC _
SS&^feiH'fSSS&a- wSn^ol ?^ .^^^^Ic&ffi This fs the Way Joe Rosenterg SeUs n^JEJ"™'— LADIES" JAPANESE SILK GOATS. j
the world : Made of 'the finest HawS there is not one among them which NOTIONS KNITTED UNDERWEAR DEPARTMENT. $2.95 for a $5.00 Coat 1
C^^£l?i$t^ Eye 8 . Tlack^and white, , We bought m .dozen LADIES' JER- Slightly Soiled From Being Displayed I
n^vo^cSrsets^VeTo^orier^y ' 1OC Lonl^a^inV/ bes^uaVn/-^^^^^^^ I
H tho finest French maker we can eive ' Rflo WiSH VFIK NOW OKi*-"''' •• • ......5c a doz soiled or manufacturer's imperfecUona. - anese silk, wadded throughout and |
§ you a J5fect^form^ntheLa Vida fo? 5UC " AiH VtlLi N0 " 25C. x Best nickel plated Safety Pins, large We refused to accept the goods unless lined In silk. The color combinations Jl •
I less thL half the money?.. .. 85.00 650 dozen Wash Veils, made of the nd '^ a ".'Vi>-^;"^;i ,V, 3c do 3 ¦ 7m We^^f«~ ~°^n'W Jh Wch Jn e are beautiful, «uch as red with blue C
H . a»u.ww very finest wash nets; embroidered and Paper Pins, the kind that will not bend did. Therefore we will sell these 40c u n i n ~ i em on with hin« i»r,<r,«. t ll
0 TWO CORiETS FOR THE PRICE dotted effects; new end pretty designs -i .5c paper ¦ and 50c vests for less than half. They ",** "f£ ft e U ° ln^ P'^ 3
1 ne nwP of scalloped borders. The one store Black Corduroy Dress Binding 3c yd are made of the best American sUk. with green »ning. There is only a $
m Ol^ ONE. that is satisfied with small profits 25c Stockinet Dress Shields, larpe size Richelieu ribbed, low necked, no small quantity. So if we have your I
Q The NEW MILITARY 'ERECT !. i' • ...Re pair • sleeves, neck and sleeve finished with size here is your chance 83.9."> ¦
a FORM CORSET; the new TWEN- ¦ unDC CftM |IPW« ' Cloth covered Corset Steels.... 5c pair a crocheted edge, run through- with . c tl7U r.lt;
& TIETH CENTURY EMPIRE COR- BlUnt DUUU HLWo. ; Cabinet Hairpins. 4 packages pins in a a silk tape. A wonder at this price— — rwrny nny UCCnC 1 CUnDDIlin Bin S
X SET; the world-renowned W. B. and 225 dozen Ladies' White Belfast ""cabinet 2%c cabinet lOc tltnl LAUT HttUi A oHUrrlNo BAG* i
M R. & G. CORSETS. All bias cut, hand Linen Handkerchiefs; hemstitched; ¦ ** « n^k A n B .A M AA o«A hm a rtwrwnrrr omrkccm "Walrus and allieator ii n^ +i,^,, ». W
M gored, all mSte of best imported good and strong-the kind that wll IftT HHOr^i Dmn 816 MARKET STREET «,,V i^i !««£•« a T^Ia ! d throu^-
I caieens. rust-proof steels, embroidered- stand washing; If we didn't buy them 1191" K 1 1\ ¦¦ 111 Kl" K ¦¦ Ol .out undressed kid, patent clasp?, 1
H or lace top and bottom. Here is your direct from the factory you would not jlUL.IIlJS*l— i!iJL.IiU Running' through to 11 O'Farrel!, not Slued, but extra strong sewed ft
g chance to get two corsets for the price be able to buy them for three times the _T^ . • ¦ w <=> -yv b naV e too many on hand. OUR B
g of one. This week's price $1.00 price that we are selling tnem at.. 6^4c Mail Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. CLEARANCE SALE PRICE 50c fThe race was under the management or
the regatta committee of the Corinthian
Yacht Club! composed of P. J. Martin
stein, E. B. Learning and "W. P. Harrold,
, and that of the Vallejo Yacht Club," con
sisting of W. Callan, James Turner arid
W. "White. Allen M. Clay, president of
the Pacific Interclub Yacht Association,
acted as referee. Frank Bartlett of the
, yawl. -Spray represented the Corinthians
on. board the challenger, while D. Barry
watched the race for the Vallejo Yacht
Club, on board the Presto, Each yacht
carried a crew of six men, including the
skipper, i The length of the course was
12 6-10 nautical miles. ¦ There ; was a good
. Those on board the judges' boat missed
much of the most interesting parfof the
contest while the sloop Emma was being
towed Into Tiburon, but got back to
Powell-street wharf in time to see the fln«
ish, the sloop Presto crossing the winning
line at 4:37:13 and the challenger at 4:38:59.
The elapsed time over, the whole course
for the winner was 2:34:04, and for the
challenger. 2:36:56. As the Helen received
a time allowance of 2 minutes 11 4-10 sec
onds the sloop Presto won by 40 6-10 sec
onds. ¦ . . - i ; _; , .
In Time for the Finish.
3:02:55 and by the Presto at 3:04:51, a loss
of fifty seconds up to that mark by the
Presto. On the second beat out to wind
ward the Helen lost her previous gains,
the Presto rounding the Presidio Shoal
buoy at 4:23 :38V£ and the Helen at 4:25:46.
The Presto now"had-a lead of three .min
utes thirteen and a half seconds. On the
second run home she lost a little of this,
crossing the finishing line two minutes
and fifty-two seconds to the good.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists." 50c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay. ?
* Veruscures piles or'JSO re ward.; All. up
io-date druggists seU'iind guarantee it." • '
Nervous lady passenger (to deckhand)—
Have you ever seen any worse weather
than this. Mister Sailor?
Deckhand— Take a word' from an old
salt, mum; the weather's never very bad
while there's any females on deck a-mak-
Ing henquiries about it.— Fun.
A South Orange. X. J., man, who has
Just succeeded ln eating 420 clams at a
sitting, now offers to eat 500 on a wager.
Mrs. Anne ' Hogan Robinson has filed a
petition asking for theremoval of Attor
ney .Thomas E. Curran as guardian of her.
estate, which is valued at $6000. Curran
was appointed In 1833. Since that time,
Mrs. I Robinson ' alleges, •. he has • grossly
mismanaged her estate,.: to her. damage."
She avers that Currawhas'sold real prop
erty for one-third^ its actual -value, with
out obtaining the permission of. court;
has neglected his ward, and has filed no
bond." She* ask? that hp be compelled to
file an accounting of his trust and- be
compelled to. settle Ihe same, according
to the judgment of ' the court, and that
he then be discharged. ¦ ¦ • 4 . .
Wants Cuiran Removed.
The yachts beat out to windward, the
Helen rounding Presidio Shoal ; buoy at
2:30:01 and the Presto at-2:31:04. or. three
seconds better than the Helen. Both boats
Through some hesitation on the helms
man's part, the yacht lost headway and
could not avoid the tug. which dented the
yacht's plankinp on the port side and
strained her so that she leaked considers
ably. The general impression among those
on beard the Sea Queen seemed to be that
the captain of the tug was not to blame
for the collision, which did less damage
than at first appeared inevitable..-^
The preparatory whistle for the.race
was blown* at 1:55 p. m.. and the starting
whistle at 2 o'clock. The sloop Helen,
sailed by Commodore A." E. Chapman of
the Vallejo Yacht Club,' crossed, the line
at 2:02:03; the sloop Presto, steered by
Frank "Stone, crossing o^e minute and six
seconds later at 2:03:C9. The sailing
length of the Presto be'nsr 2S. 3 feet and
that of the Helen being 26.00 feet, the lat
ter received an- allowance of two minutes
eleven and four-tenths seconds from the
Corinthian defender.
The tug then came alongside and threw
the lonely mariner a line; the crew
dropped on board, got down sail and were
towed back to Tiburon Cove. The mis
hap seems to have occurred through an
attempt on the part of the helmsman. of
the yacht to clear the tug by slacking out
his sheet and going about before ¦ the
w!nd.
Tows the Yacht to Safety.
THE Perpetual Challenge Cup will
not leave the i Tiburon Clubhouse
this year. Yesterday's race be
tween the I challenger Helen and
the defender Presto was one of the
closest and most exciting ever seen on the
bay, the sloop Presto ultimately-winning
by the very narrow margin of 40 6-10 sec
onds, corrected 'time.
' But interesting as the race .was ¦ it was
by no means' the most exciting Incident
of the day. The' Short brothers' sloop
Emma while cruising -about- to witness the ;
race was struck amidships by the judges'
tug Sea Queen, and for a few moments it
seemed as if the yacht would be cut ln
two and go down. But Captain Ike Smith
of the tug quickly reversed his engines,
and when the collision came' the tug had
lost a good deal of her headway. -. As it
was the mainsail of the yacht was 'hung
up on the bow of the tug and the main
boom threatened to clear the top of the
tug's house of the crowd of officials and
spectators. Those on board the til*" shout
ed to the people on the yacht to come
aboard, an invitation of which ex-Com
modore W. J. Wood of the Vallejo Yacht
Club, P. J. Wenlger and a woman lost .no
time in availing themselves. Jack Short
bravely stuck to his yacht, however, and
tried to sail, her home alone. But the
breeze was very strong just then, and, to
add to his trouble his jib carried away.
breeze, which stiffened considerably dur
ing the progress of the race.' but as the
tido was flooding all the afternoon the
water was comparatively smooth. •.
The > race .was .really won by Frank
Stone's superior seamanship ' and local
knowledge, as the Helen actualllroutfoot
ed the Presto, both when beating to wind
ward and running free. .
set spinnakers and watersails and came
down the •wind for Blossom Rock buoy,
round which both yachts gibed. Shortly
before gybing the Helen had taken in her
light sails, and as she reached for the
leeward stakeboat her mainsail was neat
ly reefed from the gaff downward, •while
the Presto had to carry full sail. The
stakeboat was founded by the Helen at
MOST EXCITING INCIDENT. OF YESTERDAY'S RACE FOR THE CHAL
LENGE CUP WAS THE COLLISION OF THE SHORT BROTHERS' SLOOP
EMMA "WITH THE TUG' SEA QUEEN, DISABLING THE FORMER.
B.ABBI MASTTN MEYEB
PREACHES AT ETVTAHTJ-EL
The track team will be one of the be«t
s t n ,^ out by the club - It 'will in all prob
ability consist of the following well-known
athletes: E. A. Abadie and Pete Gerhard
will negotiate the 100-yard dash. Both
are capable of doing it in : 10 1-5. Fred
Burgess and W. Garcia are strong run
ners and will look after the 440 and 3S)
yard dashes; Everett Smith and E. Coul
ter are scheduled to do the' half-mile and
m i T « J" uns; Robert Thomas, the clever
t^kiah sprinter will represent the club in
the hurdles; \V. Cutter will look after th"
high Jump and pole vault events, and A
Hussey will strive to win the long jump.
\\ McKenzie. George Jenkins and W.
B. Cornell will represent the club in ihe
wrestling bouts. McKenzie will meet
Oscar Cahn for championship honors and
Cornell and Jenkins will -try conclusions
with Joe Acton's best ta:ent
Leader Hammersmith will accompany
the team and it is his Intention to arransre
a big entertainment,, which will be par
ticipated in by the Olympians. Al Lean
will train the men during the day in the
north.
The Olympic Club will send a large del
egation of athletes, members and trainers
to Astoria the latter part of this month
to participate in the eighth annual re
gatta and field day sports to be held in
the north on August 29, 30 and 31. -There
is keen rivalry. among the athletes of the
local institution" to be" sent on this trip.
Leader John Hammersmith," -¦ Captain
George James and" John Backmanof the
Pacific Amateur. Athletic League will
choose the team that will defend the club
colors. .... ¦
Compete in the Field Day and
Other,. Events.
List of Men to Bs. Taken North to
"For myself I think God is very good.
'Cast thy bread on the waters, for after
many days thou shall find it back again.'
It is a source of gratitude — the humblest
gratitude that once again I can place be
fore the congregation of Temple Emanu-
El cne of my dear boys who went away
a mere disciple and comes back as my col
league. I therefore have the honor of in
troducing to you Rabbi Martin Meyer,
born and bred in San Francisco, who will
now preach the lesson of the day."
At the conclusion of this tribute Rabbi
Jueyer addressed the congregation He
took his text from the seventh chapter of
the book of Ecclesiastics. He spoke in a
clear voice and his statements were
forcible and conclusions logical. He told
of the Bufferings of the Israelites In the
past, dwelt on the present and adjured his
auditors to look to the future and teach
their children the tenets of their creed so
that the religion of the Jew shall never
die out.
"I feel somewhat proud this morning
and I want you to share this feeling.
Ta hen a child of our own community,
bone of our bone and flesh of our flesh,
leaves our homestead and goes abroad and
after many years comes back to us pro
vided with the authority to teach and
preach to the widely scattering settle
ments of Israel we should all experience
a feeling of joy— that is, we who believe
in the perpetuation of the cause. We
don't care for the Indifferent.
Rabbi Martin Meyer, the Native Son
vho has achieved high honors in his
chosen calling and who will leave shortly
lor Palestine for_the Palestine Explora
tion Society, preached an able sermon at
Temple Emanu-El yesterday morning. In
Introducing Rabbi Meyer Dr. Voorsanger
taid:
to His Young: and Brilliant
Colleague.
Dr. Voorsanger Pays a "Warm Tribute
The management of Rlngllng Brothers'
Circus,* which will open a seven days' en
gagement in this city on August 26. an
nounces many " iiew acts and attractions
on its bill. of. fare. 'The* list of stars em
braces riders, aerialists. acrobats and spe
cialists from all parts of the world, among
the newcomers being Miss Fee
ley; a young English woman, who is said
to be the youngest successful rider now
before the public. .This Is Mlsrs Feeley's
first visit to America. Another new fea
ture is ; the | Garcinettl troupe of acrobats.
The trio of high ivire perform
ers are known here by reputation. Among
the nearly 300 other performers are some
old and fam!liar:names. but. the majority
of * this ¦ year' a : offerings are newcomers.
The trained animal displays are said to
be especially strongs this year.
Ringling Brothers' Circus.
Louis F. Byinpton, representing a spe
cial committee that had been, entrusted
with the duty of. Inviting the Native
Daughters, reported that every parlor of
the Daughters had accepted the invitation
to participate in the festivities and that
an unusually laree attendance of the
ladies might be expected. The matter of
providing flofts was leftifor settlement at
a future meeting. _/
Homer Prlndle and W. H. McComas of
San Jose were present and sooke of the
promises the daily papers of San Fran
cisco and San* Jose. had made in the mat
ter of advertising and | notices, of the
pr eat help that had already been received
through the Hndne c f of The Call and
others ard of the srood the lournals could
still do .between now and September 9
The fireworks question has been settled
and there will be all sorts of illuminations
and pyrotechnic displays accompanying
the night parable in thin, city. The invi
tntlon sent the Pioneers to participate was
declined because of a separate celebration
that.wUl-ne held H the .ATonnuts. The
invitation to the Veteran Firem*n has not
From the smooth way in which every
thing is at present working, it looks as
though the celebration, both the night
parade which will take place in this city
and the day exercises which will be gone
through ln San Jose, will make one of the
most successful anniversaries of the many
that have from year, to .year taken place
in the different parts of the State.
Great enthusiasm is being manifested in
all nuarters and officers of the different
parlors are working together with a lack
of friction and a unanimity of purpose
that promises • well for the outcome of
their labors.
' James L. Gallagher, chairman of the ad
vertising committee, reported that the
railroads had promised to see that promi
nence was j given notices of the coming
celebration in all of their trains. The
Market-street 'and most of the other cable
companies had promised to do likewise
as regards the street cars. Arrangements
have also been made for a proper display
of posters throughout the city and on all
the lines of ferry-boats. In fact, the ad
vertising end of the -business has been so
completely taken care of that, only a. few
unimportant details remain to be looked
after. v -
Chairman Mulcready of the parade com
mittee stated that it had been decided to
allow each parlor furnishing a band cr
drum corps one marshal for both the night
parade In this city and the day parade in
San Jose. Each parlor will also be repre«
sented by an aid irrespective of what It
furnishes in the way of music or anything
el?e. ¦ It was also stated that Colonel Bush
had promised that the artillery would join
in both parades if suitable accommoda
tions could be found for the men, guns
ard horpps in San Jose. As soon as this
offer of Colonel Bu^h .was marie known it
W2S decided to raak* the artillery a flat
rate of one dollar to" San Jose and see that
the accommodations desired ¦were pro
cured. "\
•A meeting of the Joint Ninth of Septem
ber celebration committee was held in
Native Sons' building last evening to
listen to the reports and suggestions of
those acting on the various sub-commit
tees that have the arrangement for the
great day in charge. J. P. Dockery acted
as 'chairman of the meeting and at his
command the' different gentlemen present
told of the work that has already been ac
complished.' "
OLYMPIC CLTJB; ATHLETES
ABE GOING TO ASTORIA
JOINT CELEBRATION COMMITTEE
OF NATIVE SONS HEARS REPORTS
yet been officially answered, but It is
almost certain they will be on hand.
THE SAN FEAJNC1SCU gALLi; AUGUST 11; 1901.
SPEEDY SLOOP PRESTO IS WINNER
OF PERPETUAL CHALLENGE TROPHY
The Presto beats Helen actual sailing time, 2 minutes 52 seconds. Corrected time, 4Q 6-10 seconds.
22
OFFICIAL RECORD OF. RACE BETWEEN PRESTO AND 'HELEN— AUGUST 10.
NAME.
Racing
Length.
Start.'
Presidio !
Buoy.
Stake
Boat.
• | PresMlo
Buoy. .
Elapsed.
Allowance.
Corrected. Place.
Presto ......I
Helen |
28.3
26.9
_l_
2:03:09
2:02:03
I
2:31:04
. 2:30:01
I".
¦¦ 3:04:51
- 3:02:53;
4:23:38%
I 4:25:46 "
I
4:37:13
4:38:59
.. I 2:34:04 I
1 2:36:56 |
6:62:ii'i-i6 ,
2:34:04. I
. I 2:34:44 6-10 | |
1
3
OFFICIAL RECORD OF. RACE BETWEEN PRESTO AND 'HELEN— AUGUST 10.
NAME.
Racing
Length.
Start.'
Presidio !
Buoy.
Stake
Boat.
• | PresMlo
Buoy. .
Elapsed.
Allowance.
Corrected. Place.
Presto ......I
Helen |
28.3
26.9
_l_
2:03:09
2:02:03
I
2:31:04
. 2:30:01
I".
¦¦ 3:04:51
- 3:02:53;
4:23:38%
I 4:25:46 "
I
4:37:13
4:38:59
.. I 2:34:04 I
1 2:36:56 |
6:62:ii'i-i6 ,
2:34:04. I
. I 2:34:44 6-10 | |
1
3
ADVEHTISE3SIENTS.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
For LIQUOR r and • MORPHINE ¦ HABITS.
. .- Twenty Years"- Experience. - *
Patients may be- treated at home or pri-
vate sanitarium. ; Office Glasgow Building,
105 Ellis st.,<near.Powell. Hours, 10 to 12
a. m.;"2 to 4 -p.- m.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
La e Super! -ts<-dent Physician Cl'.y
;¦>.;*..' ar"d Count > Ho pltal. , " •
MENTAL. AND NERVOUS DISEASES.
DR. G.E. SUSSDORFF,
the. stomach, and
allied organs of digestion and nutrition.
It strengthens the stomach, purifies the
blood, cures obstinate cough and heals
weak lungs. N . * , ¦»« ¦, ;•
« I was taken with Grippe, which resulted in
heart and stomach trouble, "writes "Mr.'.T. R:
Caudill, Montland, AHe^haney Co.,N. C «I
was unable to do anything- a V°°d part of the
time. I wrote to Dr; 'Pierce about my condition;
having full confidence in his medicine.. He ad-
vised me to take his ' Golden Medical Discovery, 1
'which I did. Before I had finished the second
bottle I began to feel better. I have used ncarlv
six bottles. I feel thankful to God for the bene-
fit I have received from Dr. Picrce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery, j I can highly recommend it to
all persons as a good and safe medicine." :
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets keep the
bowels healthy.
. ,« Any fool can take a horse, to water,
but it takes a wise. man to make him
drink," "says the proverb." The horse
eats when hungry and drinks when
thirsty. A man eats and drinks by the
clock, without . re-
gard to the needs of
nature. 1 Because of
careless eating and
drinking "stomach
trouble" is one of
commonest > of dis-
eases. Sour and bit-
ter, ! risings, belch-
ings/ unnatural ful-
ness '"after .-, ' eating,
dizziness, headache,
and , m a n y o t her
symptoms mark the
beginning i and . pro-
gress of disease I ot
the stomach.. .
Dr. Pierce's Gold-
en Medical Discov-
ery cures ¦. diseases of
the stomach and
other organs : of . di-
gestion arid nutri-
tion". , J It cures
through ' the stom-
ach diseases of other
organs .. which have
their origin in a dis-
eased condition of
Horse Sense.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
See Lap£e Window Display fop
Qualities and Prices.
This week we will place on sale about 65
CASES WHITE BLANKETS, just delivered
to us Lu the WOOLEN MILLS OF THIS CITY,
These goods were made to our order, are
specially fine aualitu, and are fop SINGLE,
THREE-QUARTER, DOUBLE and EXTRA
LARGE BEDS. The prices commence at $3.00
pair and range up to $13.00 pair. Mog of
them are made from IMPORTED AUSTRA-
LIAN WOOL and have extra wide Taffeta
Rihhon hindingi We call the particular at-
tention of our customers and large huueps of
Blankets to this sale, as the goods will he sold
v'epu cheap.
¦M. J^. J^m^^g &mmm*m
Fine White Blankets
ANNUAL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ToTHElf I J
BLUE^/ W SWEET ENOUGH
SERGE # FOR ANY TOOTH
iy u<a a run they've had Ttat SWeet little SUit piC- '
-sold tons of 'em. They tupel above, with the swell
fit as if warred for j/ou. ' louhle-hreastel vest. No
end or pretty colorings.
You might trg evergfah- Fop sweet tots, aaes 3 to 8
rlc under the sun— none uears. Values $4 anl $5.
will hold its color like this SPECIAL $ 1 Q Q
serge. . PRICE, vjH.oO
Theu're tailor-made gar- | - A - ; _-<-_
ments, easily worth $15. ROYAL BLUE
A special suit at a special CHEVIOTS
I '/hn f^fl "^^ Infuilwln-
vPOiOU ijL^ j Handsome
TEE S UIT. /$PW%\ new P alterns
ff/A !nfn! v\ ln all-wool
The selection or Tancn mJI £ liiiM^SGOtches,
suitings in Oxfords and | mm built with
plain colorings at this spe- x\\ 01©^ th e strength
Gial pries Is quite large. of iron, For
Another special leader of * $/ Wil hous, ages 8
men's fancu striped wor- , m^ vui to 15 years,
stei trousers, new fall col- I | Mothers,
oringsj regular $5 values; I i these are, $5
spscial leader, j « and $6.,Yal-
J s: L $2.68,
ADMIRAL DKWEY
Joini in Honoring Mr. George K«yer'«, fe Otrmaa
; Expert Optician, 1 1 1071.'^ Market Bt. , 8. F. ,
Highest U. S. Army and Navy
Officials are using Mayerle's Glasses.
ADMIRAL G l OR(T.D^WfY.
Who has been usinR Mayerle's ' glasses during
the Spanish-American war and is still uslne
them with much satisfaction, highly' appre-
ciates their superiority and sends: the follow-
ine testirronJal: . - ;•
MR GEORGE MAYERLE. San- Francisea
My Dear Sir: I am still v«ing with . much
satisfaction the/ glasses you sent me at Ma-
nila: ' also, the new ones , suit my eyes per-
fectly. • Very, truly yours. . • -•
, . GEORGE DEWEI.
6"fi^e Polfe.
Ore of fan Francisco's most <?fflcl»nt doIIop
; officers. HIGHLY RECOMMENDS Mr Georsre
Mayerle, the German Expert Optician, 1071'4
Market street, . and sends the following testi-
monial: ..: v • .' - .
-,"It glves'me much ' pleasure to : recommend
to the public Mr. Georpe Mayerle of San Fran '
Cisco. I. have been using jrlassrsfor the past
four years and durins that time have consulted
mveral opticians.' .but -not until I consulted Mr
George llayerle and had him fit glaspps to mv
eyes dM • I "get entire satisfaction. Most re-
spectfully, •'..'-.... ;« • J. H.'ANDKRSON
"Sergeant, of Police, San Francisco
MR. GEORGIT MAURiE,
. The- German Expert Optician, - : T-':
Is also a graduate of the American Coll<>ee "nt
Ophthalmology and a charter member of th^
American Association of Opticians, , and is now
located at •' ¦ . - -.
1O71K Ma rket «a t reet
(Opposite Hibernla Bank), San Francisco Cal
Persons ordering glasses by mail should' state
their age; also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both; and what price
•'Consultation, Examination and Advice Free
Telephone South 572. : Open Evenings until 9
- GERM N EYEW,iTtR 50;
'^iQ< CUT ; : * THIS OUT. ; ../
O \ TT H nilft I CornK r - "Fourth and
¦ - - -.¦ . ; j c. . i.j>ercoats and
valises checked free.
| The Glove Sale I
e Of the Season. §
S For One Week, Commencing MONDAY.- S
i 55c. I
2 50 dozen LADIES* TWO-CLASP •
2 KID GLOVES, in black, red and •
• brown; sizes from 6% to 8. Former- 0
© ly sold at one dollar. 0
I 64c. •
• 100 dozen LADIES' TWO-CLASP" •
• WASH CHAMOIS GLOVES in all #
9 sizes. Every pair fitted and war- A
ranted. Reduced from one dollar. -*•
I 74c. :
0 SCO dozen LADIES* TWO-CLASP 2
@ EXTRA QUALITT REAL KID 2
q GLOVES, in black, white, red. 2
q mode, brown, tan and gray. The •
J2 greatest bargain ever offered. 9
I 95g» i
w -^r -^m «• 4^
2 Ladies* finest quality FREXCH ©
• KID AND SUEDE GLOVES, in all •
2 colors and sizes. Formerly sold at •
• two dollars and one dollar and fifty Q
© cents. Perfection of fit and finish, q
I $LOO. §
9 LADIES' EXTRA HEAVY •
© QUALITY KID, with gussets, in Q
Q pique seams or out seams. Un- a
Ck questionably the greatest glove 2
q ever offered for fit and durability. 5?
x will outwear two pairs of ordinary •
• gloves. O
I MOSS GLOVE STOREf
g 1210 Market St., •
9 Between Taylor and Jones Streets. g»
\THE J. XOOXAN FXJRXITURK CO. (Inc.) \
1 — — . I
' f., n ~\Z ~ in T^i ore. '
[Wisi^k
\ Golden Oak or Mahogany, with '
\ French plate Mirrors; handsome V
r designs; exquisite patterns; all .1
) the latest ideas. We also have V
\ everything in the house furnish-. \
\ ing line, and all at- the most !'
(: moderate figures. Why? Be- /
f- cause we pay no rent and you *
/ save the difference., . \
(The J. Heonan Furniture Company |k
/ ¦ (Inconx>rated.) . . |
) IO 17-1 023 MISSION STREET V
\- Above Sixth, San Francisco r
) We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday. \
to please the eye, to impart com- S ***V-/^^^^P^
fort and grace to the wearer — f^^^^^^J]
such are the shoes we have just i^^^Sp^
for men and women. They com- JBhSBH^B^K
pose a large and complete as-
sortment of exclusive shapes in f^^^^^M
t every correct style of Oxfords V^^^^^i
and Boots, in all materials, Tan ¥$'^M^^^t
or Black. The most particular 11%^]^^^
foot can be correctly fitted and M^fM^^^^JL^
the most exacting eye can be tM^^^^p^WK
suited with such . marvelous f^^SW^^^
Vgl^^ - /?oo&r/?s • act*- ¦j-/ r
AU VEBTISEMENTS.Colonel O.'F. .Long. Garrison No. 101,
R. and'V. A.'and:N.;U., will hold an old
fashioned' military and ' ; naval < smoker in
the social hall 'of the Alcazar building to
its friends, on -the. night of the 13th inst.
The ~ committee : en invitations 'declares
that "a -jolly-good time-is assured;" ¦ : .'¦
Colonel O. -F.' Long \ Garrison.
.- Ar law\of the.' order is^TTiat no .liquors
shall be dispensed in any ceremonies given
night "given , an •'opportunity- ' ; to ~ see the
work of the several drill teams that'en
tered, the competition .for the prises: of
fered. This to many was a novelty £which
repaid them for, the disappointment- of not
seeingthe ceremony of initiation.'*".
the place hundreds of the citizens of Ala
meda County,' who came by train and by
team to see what, could be seen.*.. They
could not, of course, sec the initiation, for
a line' of pickets all around the pavilipn
kept them away and prevented ; them-fro"m
peering under the canyasj that surrounded
It. But' these outsiders were later. In the
In the name, of \he T order, -consequently
there . were no beverages on the grounds.'
One of: the camps which had .with it a
side degree sought to- have wines with
which to entertain members .and friends,
but this coming to the knowledge'of Gen
eral Organizer .Temple . he . notified those
in charge^ that : such would not ,be permit
ted, r giving them notice I that' he' had . re
ceived" a'- telegram trpm Head Consul Falk
enberg in these words: ."Any- camp that
has. liquor at Fernb/rook will be deprived
of its charter." -.The idea-was then aban
doned/. ": ..¦-.'¦ .". ; . ;' •• ¦ y t ¦ ,1 :
SCENE .,¦ AT FERNBROOK PARK
DURING THE.. INITIATION OF
CANDIDATES.- - , •
: • Tho interior of - the pavilion was' by
means' of trees'and -boughs transformed
into • a - miniature • forest, cleared- away In
1 The arrangements that were made for
the conferring of the degrees on the many
who . gathered around . the central stump
were most perfect. I ./The • ceremony took
place in the great pavilion, which had been
lavishly, embellished \ by the decoration
committee, consisting- of : the' membership
of < Maple Camp , of •' Centerville. of which
J.' C; Lynch" of "the school department is
the consul -commander. vThe pavilion
space is 125x65 feet, with a: reserved space
in the center, ¦where the stump, the maul,
ax! and other appliances necessary in the
conferring of degrees were ; located. The
stump, which is the name that is given by
the neighbors to what in other organiza
tions is 4 called-an altar, was the one of
San Francisco Camp, the finest piece of
carved wood in the United fctates. It is
the work, of -Neighbor George W., Baltic
cf that . camp,' and it was : dedicated by
Past Head; Consul ,M. T. Moses i In -the
presence of 4C0 neighbors on the 25th of
last February, ( It is a beauty and every
Woodman feels -proud of.it. ¦ ,
The candidates after taking the obliga
tion at the stumps were assigned. to seats
in the western end of the hall, while, the
eastern and the northern ends were re
served . for those who were spectators.
This novel bit of -fraternal work in the
valley, at, the foot of high hills and by
the side of a rloolins stream, attracted to
' • ¦ ¦'.¦-.
From a fraternal standpoint the affair
was a great success, both as to numbers
and the manner of giving the . ritualistic
work. \ The officers who delivered the
charges to -the candidates had perfected
themselves so that they were letter per
fect, and the scene In" the miniature for
est,'In which the American flag was in
evidence on all sides, was most impres
sive. ':_¦ ¦"/':' - '-
FERNBROOK, Aug. 10.— The mon
>Bter Initiation of the Woodmen of
the World. Pacific jurisdiction, is
now a thing of pleasurable mem
ory. A large number of citizens'
from all parts cf the State were inducted
into the mysteries of Woodcraft in a man
ner never before attempted in this part of
the country. .¦„'••» ¦%
Immense Crowd Witnesses
¦* Exercises at Celebrated
THRONGS SEE
THE CEREMONY
ting the finishing touches on the Interior
of the pavilion. In the afternoon the
place had the appearnce of a tented <5ty.
Some of the sheltering places bear large
designating signs, notably Golden Gate
and Forest camps. California Camp was
profusely decorated with flags and bunt
ing and was the most attractive place on
the grounds. The headquarters of the
Woodmen Chips, the official organ of the
Woodmen In the northern jurisdiction of
the order, was prettily decorated.
By the time the first special train; that
from Sacramento and Stockton. - arrived
¦with the neighbors of the camps in those
cities the greater portion of the work had
been concluded for the ceremonies of the
evening. -Then the sounds of the ax and
the saw ceased, and the assembled dele
gates rested to await the arrival of the
late trains with hundreds of neighbors on
board.
The first train to arrive at the park was
the one from Sacramento and Stockton,
with about 250 Wpodnien • from those two
cities. They -were an enthusiastic crowd
of choppers and were received with the
Woodmen'6 welcome, after which they
were escorted by the officers of the gen
eral committee to the headquarters as
signed to them. After resting for a. while
they began to make preparations for the
work they had for the night.
The executive committee, the busiest lot
of men on the grounds, had headquarters
In a building alongside the pavilion, | and
from the time the trains began to
arrive until the Initiatory work com
menced they were kept occupied receiving
reports from th<» clerks cf each camp and
in giving directions as to the placing of
i thoee who were to take the degrees in the
' \iorest. These were arranged in groups,
With a view to avoid confusion.
the morning there was a large force of
f Woodmen pitching tents to be used by the
' various camps as headquarters and put-
early morning until. late Into the night. In
Fernbrook Park was a busy place from
CITY OF TENTS
IN THE GROVE
In June. 1S30, F. A. Falkenburg, assisted
by Joseph Cullen Root. ' founded the
Woodmen of the World in Omaha, Nebr.,
and in the same month the PaciSc juris
diction. Woodmen of the World, was or
ganized by Mr. Falkenburg in Denver. In
June. 1£99. the Woodmen of the..World in
cluded a single member; to-day 70,000
names are enrolled in the nine Western
States and 220,000 in the United States and
Canada. Falkenburg has been head con
sul of the order since its birth and Is said
to bo without a peer in this country as an
organizer.
The idea of founding the Woo<lmen of
the World originated with F. A. Falken
burg on the summit of Pikes Peak; One
<lay in September. 1SS9, a special train left
Denver for Manitou Springs, which place
lies at the foot of the famous peak. The
special carried four candidates for inltia
tior. in a sister order, Falkenburjr, the
Initiating officer, and others. This was
before the famous cogroad was built to
the peak and the ascent from Manitou
Springs was made on burros. Four news
paper reporters followed the party and
.were not discovered until on the very
summit, ¦when they ¦were given the alter
native of joining the order or of spending
the night in confinement. They were ini-
VLlated.
It was an all night session. On the
summit, 14,479 feet above the sea, huge
bonfires cast their light on the impres
sive scene. As the stars went out and the
rising eun dispelled the morning mists
Falkenburg stood watching the vast pan
orama below. As it gradually unfolded
the Idea was born then and there of or
ganizing an institution that would be in
ternational in its Bcope. The idea has be
come a reality and to-day "Love, honor
and remembrance" is the . watchword of
one of the largest xraternal beneficiary
orders operating in the nine Western
States.
Novel Occurrences Made Pic
turerque the Society's >.
I . Birth.
ORGANIZATION
OF THE ORDER
WITH colors flying, drums beat-
Ing and bands playing, the
Woodmen of this World start
ed over a thousand strong
from Pioneer Hall yesterday,
pearlng with them over 400 happy captives
•rtio were later Initiated In the. mysteries
pt the order amid the gloomy fastnesses
of Ffernbrook Park.
• The procession started for the ferry at
6:15 o'clock and was enthusiastically
cheered along the entire lin© of march. It
tras headed by Grand Marshal William C.
BlalBdell, who on a prancing eteed that
pranced Just enough but not too much,
cut Quite a stunning and martial figure.
The degTee team of Calumet Camp and
details from Mission and Golden Gate
camps, under the command of Captains
Btuart and McCourtney, acted as escort
to the marshal.
Following- tie escort came a brass band,
resplendent In gold lace, and then the
prisoners under a heavy guard of Wood
men veterans. Among the most prominent
of these sacrificial lambs were City and
County Attorney Frank K. Lane, who
eeemed cheered with the knowledge that
for once in hie life he had a proposition
before him which involved no question of
•water rights; United States Attorney M.
B. Wooaward and John Fouga, who
marched along hand in hand, sustaining
each other in their predicament. Colonel
Boxton of the "Fighting First," and a
host of other celebrities were there.
Following- the "prisoners" came the ten
camps that composed the parade, with
two more bands at Intervals. Conspicuous
\ among those composing this part of the
/procession was D. Oliver Jr., chairman
—of the executive committee, to whose ex
ertions and excellent management of the
¦whole affair Its satisfactory- start must.
In a large measure, be attributed.
Though there are but 400 candidates
from San Francisco to be initiated, there
are so many from other towns ready to
be taken into the fold that the total num
ber will run something above 1390. Merton
Allen, who has been acting as the apostle
of the organization, is responsible for a
preai number of these converts. His work
has been unceasing' and the resuK -* his
labors in the vineyard is a source of much
gratification to his brother Woodmen.
Prominent San Franciscans
r • Trudge Over the Basalt To
ward the Altars of Sacrifice
Brilliant Spectacle Seen on
the Streets of the City
When the Delegates Depart
DRUMS SOUND
AND BANNERS
ARE A-FLUTTER
A new camp called Sausallto Camp of
the "Woodmen of the World was brought
into existence at Sausalito with a good
membership . on the 5th inst. by R. F.
Wells, organizer for the order. The fol
lowing named are the first officers: Judge
J. H. Pryor. P. C. C.: Hon. A. Sylvia, C.
C; Judge O. F. Meluon, A. L.; W. H.
Hannon.C; Ed Baraly, B.; H. Lewis, E;;
H. Lovono, I. W.; J. D. Bern; O. W.; Cap
tain W. Chllds. C. F. Walsh and J. D.
Lindsey, M.; Dr. Crompton,' M. E.
Woodmen of the "World.
Executive committee— C. L. Robinson. Sprue*
132; A. N. Lindsay. Alvarado 429; P. Salisbury
Peralta 123; G. N. Farren. Wedgewood 604; H*
J?W y 2r Cl V , Ma P le 146 = c - w - Klein. Aliso 540;
G. M. Hodgklns, Hollywood 417; F. Storer Elm
361; A. N. Frost. Fruitvale 431; L. J. Bills Ful
ton 428; C. L. Bruce. Russian River 420* A M
Hardman, Ellenwood 437; A. L. Graham, Cy
press 141; J. H. Mathews. Geyser 370- J R
Grubb, Hollister 266; H. A: Hagemann Live
Oak 114; E. E. Fhipps. Los Gatos 573; R B.
Borland, Laurel 143; H. Meinlnger. Mount
Eden 34S: T. M. Robinson, Oakland 94; C. H
Da vies. Alpha 101; W. H. Wollard, Forest 102;
A. G. Taft. Athena 437: F. C. Doty. Castellejo
419; W. C. Ayers. Petaluma 515;" \V. O. Stick
ler. Sycamore 162; Charles Blanchard Blrnam
wood 3S0; S. Boss. Embarkadero 25S; D. Oliver
Jr.. Golden Gate 64; F. C. Russell. Redwood 91;
P. F. Gllroy. Mission 264: F. H. Muckler, West-
ern Addition 306: E. C. Parker, Tamalpais 427:
W. C. Greaves, Calumet 436; C. "W. Baltic. San
Francisco 437; W. B. Nye. Richmond 470; EL
Farrell. Progress 425; F. B. Brown. Alamo 80;
John Gansberger. Old Orchard 142; O. J. Lynch.
Cherry 1S4; C. W. Westcott. Buckeye 583: F. H.
Miller, Mlra Monte 353; H. E. Perks. Charter
Oak 321: D. E. Albers. Rosewood 93; W. O.
Posfue. Yokia 2£9; H. C. Weisenberger, Watson
ville S2. ¦
Ofncers of the executive committee—Presi
dent. Merton C. Allen. Golden Gate No 64 San
Francisco: first vice president. M. J. AlcCabe
Mission No. 264, San Francisco; second vlco
president. W. D. L. Held, Yokla No. 369 Ukiah
secretary. H. B. Smith, Alpha No 101 Oak
land; treasurer, J. K. Jeffress, Forest No. IV
Oakland.
The camps that took part in the great
initiation were Golden Gate, Western Ad
dition. Mission. San Francisco. Tamalpais
Richmond. Calumet. Redwood and Cali
fornia of San Francisco; Oakland, Alpha
Forest and Athens of Oakland; Peralta
and Wedgewood of Berkeley, Fruitvale of
Fruitvale. Old Orchard of San Lorenzo.
Elmhurst of Elmhurst. Cherry of San Le
andro. Cypress of Haywards, Mount Eden
of Mount Eden, Maple oi Centerville, Uve
Oak of Livermore. Pleasanton of Pleasan
ton. Spruce of Alameda, Ramon of Dans
vllle, Aliso of Concord, Laurel of Marti
nez, Hollywood of Crockett. Charter Oak
of Santa Clara, Alamo of San Jose. Loa
Gatos of Los Gatos. "Watsonville of Wat
sonville. HolHster of Hollister. Castello of
Palo Alto, Embarcadero of Redwood City
Buckeye of San Mateo. Miramonte of San
Rafael. Petaluma of Petaluma, Progress
of South San Francisco, Rosewood of
Santa Rosa, Elmwood of Glen Ellen Ful
ton of Fulton. Gyser of Healdsburg To
klah of Ukiah. Vallejo of Vallejo Morant
of Benicia, "Winters of "Winters, Almond
of vacaville. Sequoia of Sacramento and
Protection of Stockton— in all fifty-four
the largest aggregation of camps that
ever met in California.
At onetime in the early part of the
campaign the executive committee waa of
the opinion that the initiatory work
should be performed by a team of one of
the camps, but after consideration ifc was
thought that such a course would engen
der jealousy, so the committee by a unan
imous vote decided that that work should
be performed by members of the depart
ment of organization; so Merton C. Allen
deputy head consul and city organizer'
was selected as past consul commander*
W. L. Temple. State organizer, as consui
commander; B. F. Ledford, district organ
izer, as lieutenant adviser; A. J. Wein*»rt
city organizer, as banker; Burdette Cor
nell, district organizer, as escort, and F
E. Trimble, district organizer, as watch
man. These officers were perfect in their
work and the manner in which they per
formed their several duties won for them
praise that was well deserved.
The Initiation was engineered by the fol
lowing officers and members:
At the close of the initiation of the se
lected candidates there were log-sawing
and wood-cutting contests participated m
by the teams from the various camps In
attendance and these were followed by an
instrumental and vocal musical pro
gramme. The affair ended with a mid
night banquet beneath the trees. "With
the initiations of to-night the local camp
has more than 600 members.
the center to allow all persons present to
have a full view of the ceremony. The
evergreen decorations were brought up to
the ceiling in such a manner as to form
an arch. From many points of this arch
were suspended brilliant lanterns that
shed a soft light, over the novel scene.
The station of the consul commander was
oa the south side of the pavilion, and
back of that was spread a large American
flag. At one side was a rustic path, and
steps which had the appearance of hav
ing been hewn in the forest for the pur
pose of allowing tho3e who took part In
the ceremony to reach the central point.
, On the other side of-^the consul com
mander's station was a round tent for th«
Ishmaelites, who took part in one of the
great scenes produced for the purpose of
impressing the candidates with the lesson
of fraternal help in time of need. At the
stations of the lieutenant adviser, the
banker and the past consul commander
there were stumps cut at Fernbrook, and
the working tools upon each stump were
of wood cut on the ground, with the idea,
of making all as realistic as possible. To
accommodate all who could not get inside
of the pavilion there was erected an im
mense tent on the north side, the end
facing the structure being open so as to
allow all who found sitting or standing
room to have a view of the officers at
W O I*£C.
The committees which had charge of
the wholesale initiation had been at work
for several weeks and their plans were
successfully carried out. Immense bonfires
were -lighted and an eleven-gun salute
called the neighbors to the forest. Lines
of carryalls were run from the center of
the city to the scene of the big Initiation
and they were kept moving so that there
was plenty of communication between the
city and the grounds.
The work was In charge of Head Ad
viser C. H. Bartholomew of this city, and
though quite a number were obligated at
the degree room before going out to the
grove it was quite late when the cere
mony was completed with the few who
were, retained for the exemplification of
the work.
•Howard tract on the City Park for
the purpose of initiating 127 new members
of the order.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 10.— More than 400
"Woodmen of the "World from the
different camps of San Diego
County gathered to-night at the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Neighbors Gather in the For
est-and Take Part in Con
tests After the Initiation
Members of All the Camps in
San Diego County Have
a Great' Night Celebration
CANNON ROAR
AT A MEETING
IN THE SOUTH
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD ARE IN SESSION
WITH FOREST TREES FOR THEIR TEMPLE
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST li; 1901.
Tages'23 to 32
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES MARK THE INITIATION
OF A HOST OF PROMINENT MEN I NTO THE ORDER
Pages 23 to 32GOVERNMENT WILL INSTALL
SYSTEM AT FARALLON ES
Fast men, like' fast rivers, are generally
shallow. * ..
AUSTIN. Tex., Aug. 10.— A dispatch
from Hermosillo, Mexico, says: The Chi
nese labor agency of which Wo Sen is at
the head Is arranging to bring to Mexico
direct from China 10,000, Chinese between
now and the first of next year. The first
cargo of 200 head have just arrived at
Guaymas. While they are brought to
Mexico ostensibly to work in mines and
railroad construction, it is believed for
good reasons that many of them will soon
maktj their way across ' the border into
the United States.
Will Cross the Border Into
the United States.
Fear Expressed That Many of Them
PREPARING TO FLOOD
MEXICO WITH CHINESE
An ounce of prevention is better than a
200-pound physician. . .
Mirth is a paying investment, because
Its stock is never watered with tears of
¦recret.
SAN r BERNARDINO. Aug. . 10.— Miss
Grace Wiltshire, a well-known young
woman of " San Bernardino, has recently
attracted the attention of Mrs: Phebe
Hearst, and the news reached here last
evening to the; effect that she will soon
accompany. Mrs. vHearst to Europe, where
she will • enter upon a • four years' course
of study. The young woman's parents re
side on. Sixth street.. Her ambition haa
long been to study abroad and prepare
herself for a higher, education. After hav
ing graduated from the High School in
this : city in 1S93 Miss Wiltshire taught
school at Ontario, and In this manner ob
tained enough money to. pay her way
through the. State University at Berkeley.
In the spring, of 1899 she graduated with
honor. ..,..-.. . . ¦ . , .
Will Complete Studies in Europe.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— The announce
ment is made that C0.000 workmen in this
city are ready to join in a sympathetic
strike when requested by the Amalga
mated Association of Iron and Steel
Workers. Philip Welnzeimer, secretary of
the board of delegates of the United
Building Trades, in an Interview says:
"All buildings in which the structural
iron or other products of the United States
Steel Corporation are used will be tied
up by strikes ordered by the board the
Instant word is received from the strik
ing steel workers that such action is de
££SS!- Thls actI °n of the board will affect
60,000 workmen."
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 10.— The execu
tive board of the United Mine Workers of
America. In session here has officially rec
ognized the steel strike. At noon I a reso
lution setting out the causes of the strike,
indorsing the action of the Amalgamated
Association, pledging the support of the
mine workers and calling on President
Gorapere to call a meeting of the presi
dents and secretaries of all bodies con
nected with the American Federation of
Labor to meet and devise plans of aiding
the strikers was adopted. Copies were
sent to Presidents Shaffer and Gompers.
port Steel Strikers.
New York Workmen Ready to Sup-
FOB SYMPATHETIC STBIKE.
Treacherous Undertow
Causes Tragedy at
Long Beach.
They had secured an old bicycle post,
and at noon, when most of the officers
went 'to dinner, they, pried' off the lock to
the cage. The noise was heard by. Officer
Humburg. He paid little, attention to it
at' first, but finally concluded to investi
gate. '.¦ .. "•¦'.. •; . •"¦¦'-/. . ¦ .' ', ¦•' « ; .
¦ 'Opening the door to the cage the three
prisoners ran back behind the cells. Draw
ing his gun, the officer, followed the. men,
leaving two others to. guard the door.
The lock -had fallen to the floor. When
Humburg appeared Ruiz threw the bicy
cle post up on top of the. cells. A search
showed that an improvised 'club had been
made out of a i bicycle tlre.» which had
been filled and tied at both ends.
The three, men after their preliminary
examinations hail been- locked in the City.
Prison.. ¦ . • . ...
SAN JOSE, Aug. 10.— A bold attempt to
break jail was made at, the City Prison
at noon to-day and but for timely'dis
covery three prisoners would have ob
tained their liberty. In the scheme were
Frank Arantz,' awaiting, trial on a charge
of robbing a Chinaman's cabin; Charles
Ruiz,- an ex-convict, charged..with'burg
lary, and Fred L. Pinard, who was held
to answer this morning on a charge of
bigamy. . ' . • } -
Joss Prison Prevents a
Break. }. -
Vigilance of an Officer in the Saii
PRISONERS ATTEMPT
TO ESCAPE FKOM JAIL
.Immediately/after the wedding her hus
band was called out on strike, and she de
cided to pay . her foster-parents a' visit.
Last Wednesday night she j failed to re
turn home, and It is feared she is held in
duress on the water front or Is a victim
of 1 foul play. • ...-•.•• . ¦"• : .
VALLEJO, Aug. 10.— Mrs. Lottie Fletch
er, who was married a week ago Monday
to a San Francisco glassblower, came to
¦Vallejo a few days ago on a visit, and has
suddenly disappeared. The young woman,
who Is 19 years of age, was raised by Mr.
Fairburn of this city.
Disappearance.
Alarmed Over Her Sudden
Friends cf Mrs. Lottie Fletcher Are
MISSING VERY SOON
AFTER BCEH MAHEIAGE
Elsie Wallace was 18 years of age and
had been a student at the Normal School
for a year and a half. She was unusual
ly bright and pretty. Imogene was 16 and
graduated last June from the Calrumja
School. She expected to enter the high
schrol next month. The body of Imogene
Wallace was brought to the surface this
evening with the aid of a drag net.
Elsie Wallace was an accomplished mu
sician and played the piano at the Sunday
school and Christian Endeavor services of
the West End Congregational Church.
In the meantime swimmers and divers
searched the water for the bodies of the
other two and the large crowd that had
gathered watched along the beach.
As soon as they saw their danger the
young men worked until exhausted, try
ing to get the girls ashore. Wilkinson
could swim and clung to Cora, who had
separated from the other girls, and tried
to pull her ashore, but she was washed
from him. lie was so exhausted that it
was with extreme difficulty that he got
out of the water. Smith, who could not
swim, had a still harder time, and when
he reached the shore sank on the sand,
completely worn out from his battle with
the breakers. His companion had enough
strer.gth left to run for help.
J. Y. Carruthers, the first man who re
sponded, is powerfully built and a good
swimmer. He rushed into the water and
in a second saw Miss Cora Wallace float
ing. The others were not in eight and he
devoted himself to an attempt to save
her. When he got her ashore a blanket
and restoratives were brought and a man
was dispatched for a doctor. Dr. J. N.
Wood and Dr. Frank Wood worked for
two hours trying to restore the life that
was extinct.
The undertow was very strong and
there is no life line for the benefit of
bathers, so the young people were at the
merry of the waves. They had be^n in
but a few minutes when a. whirl of the
¦water caught them and they were rapidly
carried out into the deeper water. All
were holding hands and having great
eport when the fatal waters caught them.
LONG BEACH, Aug. 10.— About " II
o'clock this morning three pretty young
girls — Cora Wallace and her two cousins,
Elsie and Imogene Wallace, with two
young men— went into the surf. A few
minutes later the girls were drowned. The
boys — Fred Wilkinson of 470 Centennial
street and Harry Smith of 410 Beaudry
avenue. Los Angeles— did everything in
their power to save their companions, but
were unsuccessful.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i A short time afterward he saw a fire,
the , flames from which ascended above
the tops of the surrounding trees. He
telegrapned the Morning News that he
has no doubt that the negro has been
burned at the stake. . ¦
Positive news of the lynching is lack
ing, snd could not be secured to-night.
The Morning News" advices come from. R.
J. Young, who captured the assailant of
Mrs. Clark, who says that he was ordered
to leave the vicinity by the men who took
the negro from his custody.
While being removed from Ways' to
Bryan County Jail the prisoner was taken
away from his captors by a. mob and it la
believed he has been burned at the stake.
SAVANNAH. Ga.. Aug. 10.— The negro
assailant of Mrs. J. J. Clark was captured
at Liberty City to-day. To-night he was
taken to Ways Station and identified by
Ri.rs. Clark.
The British officers here and agents of
the lines employed by the British Gov
ernment for the transportation of. mules
and horses to South Africa are much ex
ercised over the attempted destruction of
the. Mechanician and the vessel has been
moved, out in midstream with a double
watch on board. This Is true of the other
mule transports in port, the Milwaukee
being one of them. But for the torpedo
exploding the vessel would undoubtedly
have been sunk. Mules will be taken on
Monday and the ship will proceed on her
trip to East London. ' < '
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. lO.-New evi
dences of the plot to the British
mule ship Mechanician were discovered
by an officer of that vessel to-day. At
tached to the anchor chain near the sur
face of the water was found a cotton
wrapped wire about 125 feet long, to which
was evidently attached a bomb or torpedo
that exploded last night and, drove in
those plates of the ship on the port side
at the water line.
A spirited narrative of the ejectment of
General Dewet from Cape Colony con
cludes with the statement that the raid
ers undoubtedly received a number of re
cruits from the colonial Dutch, an ample
supply of food and timely information.
Lord Kitchener received certain infor
mation that Dewet intends to \ make
Cape Town, when General Botha, as soon
as he heard that the concentration In
Cape Colony was effected, was to enter
Natal with 5000 picked horsemen and
make for Durban.
Mall dispatches ' from Lord Kitchener,
issued to-day in a Parliamentary paper,
says his constant endeavor has been to
improve the fortifications along the lines
of communication, thus releasing men
from active service. The garrisons off the
railways have mostly been withdrawn.
"Elliott has captured seventy prisoners
and large quantities of stock and wagons,
which he is sending in. No details have
been received."
"A blockhouse near Brandfort (Orange
River Colony) was rushed and captured
by the Boers, after severe fighting, the
night of August 7.
day, says:
LONDON, Aug. 10.— A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dated from Pretoria to-
When a girl calls a rich old codger at
silly boy he forgets that he ever had tha
rheumatism.
Negro Taken From Cap
tors and Probably-
Burned.
Kitchener Reports Dis
aster in the Orange
River Colony.
Torpedo Exploded Under
Mule Transport at
New Orleans.
AN ASSAILANT
IN MOB'S HANDS
The remains were embalmed 1 and kept
until yesterday In the hope that some
friends might appear. - This morning a
couple of young women called at the un
dertaking establishment and told one of
the employes that Mrs. Barnes' had once
informed- them that she came here from
Kingston, Colo. The woman . left , abou*
$800 in a local bank. The moriey is now in
the custody of the Public Administrator.
SACRAMENTO, Aug.: 10.— A : woman
aged about forty-five years, apparently
of English birth, was buried yesterday in
the City Cemetery. She died at the Sis
ters' Hospital on July 31 and positively
declined to tell anything about herself.
She gave her name as Mrs. Nellie Barnes
but the belief is expressed that that was
not her name. : . . ¦ -¦ ¦ .
English Woman Who Had Money in
Bank Buried in Sacramento's
City . Cemetery .
CONCEALS HER IDENTITY
WHEN DEATH IS NEAll
A committee representing the citizens of
Dubois, Pa., has forwarded a statement
to J. P. Morgan offering to give a bonus
of $1,000,000 to have the McKeesport mills
moved to Dubois. V
If the mil! is removed, he says, there
will be another to take its place. In con
clusion. Mayor Black declares that he is
"heart and soul 'with the men engaged in
the strike."
I have served many. years in the Councils
of the city," and I know what I am talking
about when I assert that every request made
by the mil's here for the vacation of the
streets, for special privileges and special bene
fits has been cranted. They have never been
backward in asking what they wanted. They
have never asked in vain.
The trust mills here to-day pay. taxes on
assessment valuations of v a. trifle over . 4 per
cent oC their real value. On the other hand,
the latorlng man who owns his own house is
taxed to three-cniarters of the real value of
his home. Were the trust taxed on the samr
basis It would take thousands of j dollars an
nually from the trust coffers.
Continuing, the Mayor declares that talk
of the removal of the mill is an old story.
When the trust bought the property, he
says, it was claimed that there was not
ground enough and that the mill would
have ¦ to be moved. Of McKeesport's
treatment of the trust he says: . ¦
The reason which the trust gives for the re
moval is that the Mayor and people of Mc-
Keesport are hostile to the trust, or, in other
words, because the people of the city and chief
executive ¦ favor the oppressed against the op
pressor; because their sympathies are with the
downtrodden' and against those who seek to
enrich themselves by ill-requited tollnhe. trust
will seek some other fields. Where In all the
broad expanse of the great Union can the
United- States Steel ¦ Corporation find a place
where the sympathies of the people . will not
ever be with those who groan under the heel
of the oppressor? "Where in all the wide world
can they go where they can escape the inex
orable punishment that Infinitude metes out to
rapine and injustice? What boots it that the
place of oppression means a different name If
the oppression goes on?
PITTSBURG. Aug. 10.— Mayor Black of
McKeesport issued a formal stdtement to
night defending his attitude toward tho
United States Steel Corporation. After re
ferring to the threat. of the trust to dis
mantle the Dewees-Wood mill, he says: .
Cause of the Workers.
Mayor of McKeesport Champions
REPLIES TO THE TRUST.
SEATTLE, Aug. 10.— A telegram r«»
ceived to-day by Captain James Carroll
from the Apollo Mining Company of San,
Francisco states that a gold brick valued
at $20,000, which was shipped from Unga,
Alaska, via the steamer Newport about
July 20. has not arrived in that city. The
treasure should have reached San Fran
cisco several days ago. It is not known
what became of the brick and the author
ities are searching for It.
Treasure Worth. Twenty Thousand
Dollars Fails to Arrive in This
City.
GOLD BRICK MISSING
A.JTD COMPANY ATiA-R.Tvrp.-ri
"I wish to thank The Call for its efforts
in behalf of the wireless telegraph sys
tem. I feel that it Is only a question of
time when it will be further perfected and
developed and it cannot fail to be of great
benefit to the whole commercial world,
"I really think it not only in the Interest
of commerce," he said, "but in the inter
est of horticulture that the Weather Bu
reau should have the data that can only
be given by the establishment of a
Weather Bureau station in as 'advan
tageous a position as the Farallon
Islands.
Senator George C. Perkins, on receipt
of this telegram, stated that If the ex
periment was not a success he would use
every effort to induce Congress to make
an appropriation to lay a cable from the
Farallon Islands to Point Reyes or San
Francisco.
When The Call learned that the New
York Herald intended- installing a system
of wireless telegraphy at Nantucket it
immediately notified the Senators and
Congressmen who represent this State in
Washington. The latter immediately
telegraphed to James Wilson, Secretary
of Agriculture, notifying him of the Her
ald's experiments and recommending that
he send a man from the Weather Bureau
to report, on the effectiveness of the plant.
Secretary Wilson not onlv sent, one man,
but; notified the members of the California
delegation that he Intended sending an
additional expert. This was welcome
news, but when he added that it was the
intention of the Government to install a
like system on this coast, his sagacity
and foresight were commended.
telegraph the news of the approach of
an incoming vessel. I, as one of the rep
resentatives from this port, shall be
pleased to lay the matter before Congress
and will do everything I can to secure
favorable legislation upon the subject."
"A difference of two or three hours in
notifying the quarantine service and the
barge office of the approach of a vessel
would in many Instances mean the saving
of considerable delay, annoyance and in
convenience in the matter of getting a
vessel to her dock. San Francisco is the
leading port of the Pacific Coast. The
Farallones, lying as they do thirty miles
from the entrance of the Golden Gate,
will be in a splendid position in which to
"At a recent meeting of the directors
of the Chamber of Commerce, when It
was suggested that an appropriation be
secured for the purpose of laying a cable
between those islands and San Francisco,
I made the, suggestion that perhaps we
could get a wireless telegraph service
much more readily because of the saving
In cosL The commerce of San Francisco
is rapidly growing. The best interests of
our merchants and our community de
mand that we should have the best pos
sible service for promptly apprising con
signees of the earliest approach of in
coming vessels. *
Congressman Kahn stated In an Inter
view on that occasion that he was heartily
in favor of securing an • appropriation for
such a purpose. In part he said:
In June last The Call published a dozen
Interviews with prominent merchants and
professional men who favored the estab
lishment of a " wireless telegraph service
between the Farallon Islands and San
Francisco. Senators, Representatives,
merchants, shipowners and citizens warm
ly commended the suggestion, of this
paper.
Experiments with the Marconi system
were constantly being made in England
and the success of wireless telegraphy was
assured. The wonderful discovery has
gradually been perfected until now it is
one of the marvels of the age.
BOERS CAPTURE
A BLOCKHOUSE
GIRLS DROWN
IN THE OCEAN
Ever since tne memorable day in
August, two years ago, when the welcome
news "The Sherman is in sight," relieved
the tension that bound the entire city's
Inhabitants. The Call has striven to
educate the people up to the value of
wireless telegraphy. This all Important
message was sent over sea and land and
apprised the residents of the city that the
transport Sherman, bearing California
.volunteers home from the war, had been
sighted. Following this wonderful
Achievement The Call -and New York
,Herald successfully reported the Interna
tional yacht race between the Defender
and the Shamrock. Marconi manipulated
the keys that flashed the description of
the great race over the waters and the
world was given a minute account of the
contests.
The dispatch sent to Congressman Julius
Kahn indicates the Interest that the Sec
retary of Agriculture is taking in the
gTeat discovery*. He has not only sent an
expert to Nantucket, from which place
the Xew Tork Herald is transmitting
wireless reports, but is bending every ef
fort to perfect a system that can be in
stalled on the Pacific Coast.
This will be welcome news to the mer
chants of this city, who have long felt the
need of a mode of communication from
the Islands that would apprise them of
the arrival of incoming ships. Ever since
Marconi's wonderful discovery The Call
has devoted every effort to secure the es
tablishment of the system on this coast
and its endeavors have been crowned with
success.
p*"Tf"^ HROTJGH the efforts of The Call
I! direct communication is to be es
i tablished between this city and
Ji the Farallon Islands by means of
Marconi's system of wireless tele
gTaphy.
WILLIS L. MOORE, CHIEF OF THE UNITED STATES WEATHER BTJ
REAU. WHO IN THE ABSENCE OF HON. JAMES WILSON 13 ACT
ING SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE. -
Great Schemes in View.
The Call's correspondent understands
furthermore that a New York City elec
trician of national prominence wUl, at the
coming session of- Congress, attempt to
pass through that body an appropriation
for relaying messages from Island to Isl
and in the Aleutian chain of the North
Pacific Ocean from Alaska to Siberia. He
will use the islands as stepping stones
across the North Pacific. He will first
attempt to interest the Russian Govern
ment In the enterprise and if successful
will endeavor to induce the United States
to act In conjunction with that country.
At first blusn this would appear to be a.
visionary plan of the Jules Verne type,
but he asserts confidently that he will yet
send wireless messages from the Ameri
can to the Asiatic continent, thus getting
in ahead of Nikola Tesla, who talks of
sending messages across the Atlantic. Of
th-i two visionary plans that of the
former would appear to be the more prac
tical.
telephone transmitter Is too feeble to
travel a long distance without wires.
The feeble alternating currents gener
ated by a telephone transmitter have
been conveyed for short distances with
out wires, rendering speech possible for
a mile or two, but for distances of thirty,
forty or fifty miles a powerful battery/
and induction coil are- required and there^
must be a complete make and break of'
the current instead of mere variation of
pressure at the point of contact, as In the
case of the telephone. But as is well
known to any one who has used a tele
phone receiver, that Instrument Is cap
able of rendering distinctly audible dots
and dashes of the Morse alphabet when
complete make and break is made by a
key and this fact will be taken advan
tage of.
resented to be a great caving will be ef
fected, for the Government proposes to
utilize the wireless telegraphy on a big
scale.
The Call correspondent learns % from an
inside source that the Weather Bureau
will have a chain of stations extending
along the entire Atlantic coast from
Maine to Florida, and will eventually
have a simpler system on the Pacific
Coast. The wireless messages will be re
layed from station to station. Messages
have been, successfully sent over land by
the Weather Bureau system for distances
of from thirty to forty miles, and. It is
hoped to gradually increase this distance
in order that so many relay stations will
not be required.
Jealously Guarding Method.
' The Weather Bureau is jealously guard-
Ing its method, but The Call correspond
ent has reason to believe that an ordinary
Bell telephone receiver is used to receive
the messages instead -of the coherer ajid
Morse sounder. It is well known that a
telephone receiver with coils wound to a
resistance of from 75 to 100 ohms 13 the
most sensitive apparatus known to elec
trical science, not excepting the galvono
meter. The telephone receiver is affected
by a current too feeble to have any sensi
ble effect on the galvonometer, and it has
been estimated by Mr. Preece, the great
English authority on telephones, that the
electric current required to generate a
sixteen candle-power incandescent light
would make sounds distinctly audible In a
billion telephones. It must not he sup
posed, however, that articulate speech
will be attempted by the use of a tele
phone receiver in connection with a wire
less telegraph' system, for the current
generated by variation of resistance in a
PLOT TO SINK
BRITISH SHIP
Now that The Call has succeeded In se
curlngthis valuable aid to the merchants
the people of this country will await the
results with deep interest.
"I believe it to be within the province
of this Government to construct . such
telegraph system for the better protection
of our merchant marine. Also, It would
be of advantage to vessels In the Govern
ment ¦ service. They could communicate
with or receive orders .^without/the neces
sity of coming into the harbor. Vessels
arriving off. the port in distress or requir
ing the services of a tug or other assist
ance could by signaling the operator on
the. islands communicate with the ' city.
A dozen other interviews with such well
known citizens of influence as George A.
Newhall, president of the Chamber of
Commerce; Frank J. Symmes, president
of the Merchants' Association ; A. A. Wat
kins, president of- the San Francisco
Board of Trade, and A. Sbarboro, presi
dent of the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association, have been printed in these
columns. These gentlemen not only favor
tne establishment of the wireless tele
graph, but demand it for the benefit of the
vast and increasing commerce on . this
coast. . • >
"The Merchants' Exchange has its look
out station at Point Lobos at a" high ele
vation, and as the Farallon Islands are of
sufficient height the expense of construc
tion would be minimum. The Merchants'
Exchange has a telephone line connecting
the Point Lobos station with the ex
change, so that any message sent in could
be promptly transmitted to the proper
address. •
Of Value to Government.
"Regarding the advantage of a wireless
telegraphy system between the Farallon
Islands and San Francisco via Point L.o
bos, I am pleased to say that I believe,
if the system Is practicable; its advantage
to the shipping Interests would more than
justify the expense of construction and
maintenance. It is one of the many, re
cent advances in electrical, science that
has practical value and should be put
into operation wherever it can be used to
the benefit of our commerce.
That the merchants of this city are in
favor of wireless telegraphy is evidenced
by the sentiments expressed some time
ago by G. W. McNear, president of the
new Merchants' Exchange. He said:
"The usefulness of a prompt service be
tween this city and the Farallones is well
understood by all who have any interest
in shipping news; nor would it be outside
the legitimate province of the Govern
ment to establish it. ; In fact it would be
but an extension of the lighthouse ser
vice."
"Of the' 1 feasibility of the service there
can be no question. Reports from Europe
are to the effect that the British have
wireless telegraph stations at every dan
gerous headland along their foggy and
stormy coasts. The Germans and the
French also have adopted the system to
a considerable extent, and only recently
the news of the day illustrated the use
fulness of the service In the case of a
steamer passing a lightship off Dunkirk
and receiving across the water a wireless
message to the effect that the illuminat
ing machinery . of the lightship was out
of order and that unless relief were sent
there could be no light on the ship that
night. The steamer reported the news as
soon • as she reached port and men were
at once sent to make repairs, so that the
lightship showed her signals as usual. In
that case the wireless message may have
saved from wreck some vessel passing In
the night and missing the familiar light
from the ship. ¦ ,•
The following Is an ' extract from an'
editorial which appeared in the columns
of The Call on June 14:
especially to the Pacific Coast."
The method of wireless telegraphy is
also kept a secret by Professor Dinwoodie,
the expert In charge. The object is to dis
pense with the coherer, so as not to in
fringe on Marconi's patents. Marconi's
invention, as is well known, is based on
the fact, that when a feeble current of
electricity. Is passed through a Bramley
tube filled with minute particles of metal
filings', these filings, which in a loose state
are non-conductors. Immediately, become
good conductors for the current and estab
lish contact in a local circuit In which a local
Morse sounder is included. The Marconi
instruments are quite expensive, costing
about $1500 each, and the annual royalties
are about $1000 for each instrument, so
that if. the Weather Bureau's experi
ments are as successful as they are rep-
When The Call first broached the plan of
erecting a wireless telegraph station on
the Farallones under Government auspices
Secretary Wilson wired to A. G; McAdie,
the weather forecast official at San Fran
cisco, promising to install such a plant
just as soon as it was demonstrated be
yond doubt that a system could be suc
cessfully operated. But the. department
did not wait for • others to ' make the
demonstration, for Mr.' Moor© with
promptness and energy immediately In
structed experts to begin experiments, and
they have been quietly conducted ever
since The Call first suggested the project.
The experiments have been conducted
with great secrecy, the department not
even making known the exact locations,
but as will be seen from Mr. Moore's let
ter experiments are being made "at cer
tain stations oh the Atlantic coast."
Began Experiments at Once.
Mr. Moore has for many years been
chief of the Weather Bureau and in the
absence of Mr. Wilson, who Is on a
month's vacation at his Iowa home, .is
Acting Secretary of Agriculture. Upon
the occasion of his . recent trip with the
President to the Pacific Coast Secretary
Wilson was greatly impressed with Cali
fornia and her people. He saw in San
Francisco vast possibilities and predicted
that the city would soon become next to
New York, the greatest metropolis of the
western hemisphere. The anticipated
trade with the Orient and . California's
abundant and almost boundless natural
resources, together with the geographical
advantage of the city and a magnificent
harbor were destined, he believed, to bring
about this result.
Mr. C- C. Carlton, Care Herald. New York—
Dear Sir: Replying to your letter regarding
the proposed test of the Herald's system of
wireless telegraphy on August 16, I have to Bay
that the Weather Bureau Is conducting exten
sive experiments at certain stations on the
Atlantic ' coast and expects to be able to In
stall itn own system on the Farallon Islands
within the next few , months. We are not
ready at this time to make any more definite
announcement. Tours very truly,
WILLIS L. MOORE, Acting Secretary.
have borne fruit, the Weather
Bureau having decided to install Its own
system. The Call's persistent advocacy
of this project, coupled with urgent tel
egrams recently sent to Secretary Wilson
of the Agricultural Department by Sen
ators, Representatives- In Congress and
other public men of California at The
Call's instigation, has had the desired
effect.
The Call's correspondent Is in receipt of
the following letter: '*.
Department of Agriculture,
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Auc 9.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— The Call's
efforts to Induce the Government
to establish a wireless telegraph
plant on "the Farallon Islands
Heartily in Favor of
th£ New Wireless
System.
LOCAL
M ER CHANTS
EXPRESS VIEWS
THE SAN 1 FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ADGUST 11, 1901.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY TO BE INSTALLED
ON THIS COAST BY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
Experts Are Striving to Improve on Marconi's Patents and the
Result of. Their: Investigations Will Be Noted in the Sys
tem to Be Inaugurated Here Within the Next Few Months
WEATHER BUREAU IS CONDUCTING
EXPERIMENTS ON ATLANTIC COAST
Notifies California Senators and Congressmen That He Will
Have a Perfected System Placed- at the Farallones for the
Purpose of Aiding and Protecting Western Commerce
SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE WILSON
ALIVE TO NEEDS OF PACIFIC SLOPE
24
The Cry of Despair
From Men Who Ape Weak and Suffering Is Answered by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
i - Much depends on a man's health.
sZZ?~00ZZ^§^^S*&)-^—^ strength, vigor and courage. If he 13 a
puny weakling, tired and weary from
/^^^^^^^^S^L morning till nisht, he does not know the
$!Sp<!|5?-^^ Dr - Meyer? & Co. restore victims of
K4%£i£# / jf *ny nervous debility, whether the trouble has
«50§^S^f 'W* been brou &ht on by overwork, worry, er-
V&0^-~ : £ \ Dr. Meyers & Co. bepan their successful
EpfcsTfe^? • I career as specialists for all diseases and
flw /fa\ir jai^^^Sk "fej^-^J weakness of men more "than twenty
tt $*^W *k^zz&&$ &SS. 1 years ago. Their practice is now more
jk \ IX h <*'W\k£ V*=^ / extensive than ever. They have the
v8v\w> ftr *Vr«* ¦ V I largest and best equipped medical Insti-
™ y II tution in America. Their prices are with-
V "Vx. y' \ 1 Dr. Meyers & Co. treat weakness and
r '?\ 'fAjVjfc.* .Z? J diseases of men only, and cure
M$^WS^^wi Disaases of the Kidneys, B!addep 1
jKw^^mm^^^^ Spine, Liver, Heart, Skin, Blood;
A^^K&*w^ also PremafjIlre Deca 7» Unnatural
'¦.^LS^'^^Skpt^- Losses, Wasting Drains, Nervons
"^S^^s^^mM^k Debility, Stricture, Rnptnre, Piles,
•c: t^^W^ Private Diseases, Etc.
Nft DAV nril 1 CIW>1FV\ Patients can arrange to pay after
n\> rHkH I ILL VUrSOLJ they are entirely well, or may pay in
weekly or monthly installments, as they prefer. ->'-?«:
Private Book — Home Cures.
Dr. Meyers & Co. euro and restore a great many men every year without
seeing them. Sufferers who cannot call should write for their book. "Marriage
Guide. Private Counselor for Men." symptom blank?, prices and full particu-
lars of their wonderful Home-Cure System. Correspondence confidential.
7"Q {¦ Market Street fimtor h™-^ *£
I KJ -ft . SAN FR ANC , 3CO> CAL> 1 nirance. Sundays— 9 to 11.OAKLAND. Aug. 10.— The funeral of the
late Peter Thomson will -be held Sundav
afternoon at 3 o'clock from his late resi
dence, 1431 Webster street., The Rev. J.' S.*
Macdonald, assistant pastor of t v e First
Presbyterian Church, will officiate., as
sisted by the officers of the St. Andrew's
Society. . ,,, -
Late Peter Thomson's Funeral.
' O..A. Murray, the 'nine-year-old son of
W. J. Murray of. 61 Tehama street, died
very suddenly, last night at , his' father's
residence. ' He was' taken' to: Golden Gate
Park yesterday for an- outing-, land; there
ate some green pears. Cn his return home
he complained of feeling . ill, and jvDr.'
Keefe :. of 621 ' Folsom> street ' was sum
moned. The physician went'to a drug
store for 'some • medicine and ' on .his ie
turn found the child had died. .
Sudden Death of Child.
CONSTANTINOPLE, .Aug. .. -10.— Ths
Franco-Turkish I dispute on *; the quay
claims - remains • unsettled.. Turkey ., per
sists in the idea of. purchasing the quays
from ; the .'French '.company; but. it is Im
possible to find the money; at present.ow
ing 'to the impoverished condition- of the
treasury. -'The Porte to-day again ~ in
formed the French Em
bassador, that- the , French . conditions for
the -transfer of the quays' were unaccept
able. - - -¦ v
Porte Is ' ' Still Stubborn.
- There has been organized . in this city
the Twentieth Century Club, having f or
its purpose the raising of funds to enter
tain the officers of and delegates to iha
next high court of the jurisdiction. "It
will give its first entertainment and dance
in the Foresters' building on the 24th of
August. .
; High Chief - Ranger Boehmof the An
cient Order of Foresters has i started on
a'. tour, of visitations through Piumas and
Lassen counties and in the State of Ne
vada.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
A new branch cf the Irish Nationalists
was recently organized at Crockett with
Beventy-flve charter members, In- .the'
presence of <3<-;egaticns of the order from
Ean Francisco, Oakland and adjacent
places. After the ceremony of institution
end lr-Ftallatlrn cf officers there was a
banquet and an intercher.ge of views for
the pood of the order. The new organiza
tion has chemen the name of Wolfe Tone.
Several delegations of members of this
order will visit Emmet Branch at Sac
ramento to-day, and after that an effort
Irish Nationalists.
U OAKLAND, Aug. ,10.— Marriage licenses
were issued at- the County Clerk's office
to-day to the following named: Cornelius
V. Eagan of Columbus, Nebr.. aged 23
and Mary Ann Kennedy of Oakland, agcii
CO;- ClausC. Lauritsen of Oakland aced
25, and Cecelia M. Nisseri • . of Oakland
aged 17; Albert E. Field of San Francisco'
aged: 26, and Marie -C Dorfler of San
Francisco, aged 21; Leander G. Osgood of
San Francisco, aged 38, and Ada E Thall
of San Francisco, aged 22; Oliver J Hall
of San Francisco, , aged ... 25. • and Anna
Brown. of San Francisco,' aged 23* Wash
lngton J. • Berriman . of Oakland, 'aged 28
and Rose M. Dickinson of Alameda aeed
31: Frederick S. Roney of San Francisco,
aged 30, and Mary E. Roney of San F-an
cisco.'aged 31. . r ¦ . - :
License to Wed.
Grard Arch Druldees Anna Sorensen it*
working to have a new circle In Center
v!lle and one In Ne^a, with proar>ects of
niece— in each
Boadicea Circle gave a social in Shiels
rrjlldjrs: last week that was well attend
ed ard proved a delightful affair.
Cypress Circle has arranged for an
apron ar.d n^-ktie party In Its hall on
the nisrht of the 17th inst.
After the resmlnr troe'.ness on the night
of the 22d of Ausnst the member* of El
Dorado Circle will have a social hour
when there will be a grab ban, music
ard dancins:.
The Druidessss.
.OAKLAND; Aug. 10.— Professor * Wil-.
liam VP.'Milliken. of the Chico Normal '.
School ¦ has been -elected Instructor of
chemistry at the Oakland High School to
fill the vacancy .caused by the resigna
tion ¦¦: of Fred Koch. The • Classification
Committee of the Board of Education has
ordered Miss Hattie Corliss to be trans
ferred from the Polytechnic High School
to the Oakland; High School to succeed
Professor Charles Bledenbach : as instruc
tor of: mathematics. Miss Martha Brier
was to ' have, been '-transferred from the
Polytechnic toUhe High School : to teach
English, but she preferred to retain her
present » position v and was .undisturbed.
Miss Mary Tyrrell- will teach mathematics
at - the ¦ Polytechnic. School. -Miss- Grace
Sutton, on the: preferred list, Was elected
to the English -department of the High
School.' These changes are subject to con
firmation by the Board of Education. • .
rious Instructors for "Vacancies
: That Have Been Created.
Classification Committee Chooses Va-
NEW TEACHERS FOR
THE HIGH SCHOOLS
During the past week grand first vice
president of the Native Sons. L. F. Bying
ton. a member of the 9th of September
celebration committee, in company wltn
other members of a special sub-commit
tee of that body paid visits to a number
of the parlors of Native Daughters to in
vite them 'to take part in the celebration
at San Jose. Fremont Parlor assured the
committee that it would be In line in uni
form and make a good showing.
Orlnda Parlor will give its eleventh an
niversary ball In Native Sons' Hall on the
night of the 27th inst. It is to be an
evening: dress function. ,
La Estrella Parlor Rave a social in ths
banquet hall of the' Native Sons* build-
Ing on the night of th« 8th inst. which
was attended by nearly every member and
many of their friends and acquaintances.
There was a well arranged programme of
dances, and between dances . there was
given a vocal duet by S. Kent and Louisa
Lohmeyer, coon.BpecIalties by Ellin Lam
bert, fancy dance by Miss Hazel Allen
and other numbers. The function was
under the.direction of MJss Minnie Kle
versahl, chairman of the . committee of
arrangements. This parlor has organized
a drill corps of twenty-seven members
that will take part in the 9th of Septem
ber celebration In San Jose.
l_>arina Parlor, the parlor of beautiful
girls of the Westfern Addition, has de
cided to forsake Franklin Hall on Fill
more 6treet and wili hereafter meet in
Red Men's Wigwam on Post street.
New parlors axe in process of organiza
tion — one at Fort Jones. Siskiyou County,
and the other at Ban Mateo.
The personal friends of Grand Vice
President E. D. Keith In Alta Parlor ten
dered her a supper in the Maison Alladio
on the 7th inst. It was a very exclusive
affair.
Native Daughters.
According to Mra. Schaarschmidt's story
Theobald came to her place yesterday and
demanded of her son the return of a dog,
which he claimed the boy had stolen. The
boy i claimed the dog had been given to
him by another boy, and refused to give
It up. Theobald then grabbed the boy by
the back of the neck, it is alleged, and
dragged, him about the yard, hurting him
so -that he had to. go. to bed. Theobald
also claimed to be an officer and threat
ened to arrest the whole family?
ALAMEDA, Aug. 10.— R. W. Theobald,
once "secretary for the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children in San
Francisco, is accused by Mrs. Annie
Schaarschmidt, keeper of a bathing es
tablishment at the West End, with mal
treating ¦ her 14-year-old son Paul. She
secured a warrant for Theobald's arrest
on a charge of battery this afternoon
Former . Cruelty Society Secretary
Gets Himself Into Trouble in
Alameda.
THEOBALD SQUEEZES
SMALL BOY'S NECK
Owing to the absence of the chief com
panion of Robin Hood Circle on the 7th
Inst. Grand Chief Companion Miss Ticou
let presided. This circle Is making ar
rangements to admit candidates at a re
duced initiation fee for a stated tw>Hnrt
the grand chief having grantSa &*L
sation for that purpose. The circle will
give a social in the Alcazar buildlntr on
the night of the 28th inst^ e On
The executive council has districted th*
State Into four, viaitation districts Th«
g ,T an i fiS 1 ?' com P anl °n has taken one of
the districts and assigned the-three others
to Grand Sub-Chief Mrs. Worms Oranri
Treasurer Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ee and
Grand Deputy at Large Mrs. Ellis "
The grand chief companion has pre
pared a circular for her deputies, in which
she lays down their duties and what she
expects they will do during her term of
The meeting of Inter Nos Circle on the
6th Inst. was well attended by the mem
bership and there were present many
members of other circles. There was the
initiation of a candidate and an exempli
fication of what might be an improvement
onHhe installation of the ofllcers After
the work of the evening there were ad
dresses by Mrs. Sarah Beverson of- New-
Century Circle. M. Licht of Martha Wash
ington Circle, Mrs. Zeising of New Cen
tury T Blake of Grass Valley and oth
ers This circle, having formed Itself into
a club, will give the Inter Nos Club pic
ti% MnsT VISta Park * Saus a»to. P oa
New Century Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America on the 5th inst.
Initiated several candidates and will have
several more for the next meeting. This
circle will give its second entertainment
and dance In the social hall of the Alca
zar on the night of the 17th Inst., when
an Interesting: progrramme will be pre
sented. • . •• •
American Companions.
National Parlor of the 2*. S. G. W. will
celebrate Admission day at Fernbrook,
where there will be literary and other
exercises befitting the occasion.
On the night of the 22d Inst. Hesperian
Parlor will have a gala time in its hall at
Sixteenth and Valencia streets. There
will be an interesting programme of en
tertainment.
Sequoia Parlor, X. S. G. "W., celebrated
its eleventh anniversary at a banquet in
Union Square Hall, at which there was a
large attendance of members, who en-
Joyed a feast of good things, after which
President C. M. Woods, who made a few
remarks appropriate to the occasion, pre
sented L. C. Pistolesi as. toastmaster.
Grand President Frank L* Coombs re
sponded to the toast of "California,"
which gave him an opporunlty to contrast
the people In a "pinched" condition In
the_northern part of the State when by
Federal edict hydraulic mining was shut
down and the prosperity in the southern
part of the State. First Grand Vice Pres
ident I* F. Byington responded to "The
Pioneers," Grand Secretary Lunstedt to
his favorite toast, "The Xative Daugh
ters," Grand Trustee James L. Gal
lagher to "The Ninth of September/'
Grand Trustee J. Knowland to "The Pres
ent and Future of. the Order" and Treas
urer Lewis iL Bannan gave a history of
the parlor. In addition, Richard D. Bar
ton, better known as "Professor. Bousa,"
entertained with selections on the phono
graph; "W. Brown with a bass solo, and
Judge Ed Sweeney with funny stories and
stories that were not funny. The com
mittee of arrangements was William
Loch, Henry P. Scheper, David Gibbons
and "William L. Goodwin.
Native Sons.
As there Is only $2213 In the Allman es
tate it is supposed that Richard Allman
will try to have judgment, should he se
cure it, run against the property of his
lata'brofher which was deeded, during the
latter's lifetime, to his children,- George
D. Allman and Mrs. Emma J. Tompkins,
wife of ex-vCity Clerk J. W. Tompkin3.
George Allman is now in the Philippines.
John W. Tompkins is executor of the
Allman estate. John Allman left no will.
He met death by drowning some three
months ago. Richard Allman hasretained
Attorney T. C. Coogan to prosecute hl3
claim. .
Richard Allman claims that In 1864 hl3
brother received from him, in trust, the
proceeds from the sale of certain property
owned by the claimant. John Allman, he
says, never made an accounting of the
$11,500 so paid to him. The interest, cal
culated at 7 per cent from June 1, 1864,
amounts to $33,637 50, making a total claim
of $45,137 50.
Richard Allman will try to have the
courts declare that his dead brother, the
late John Allman, well known as a pioneer
stage owner on this coast, was guilty of
having, wrongfully withheld $11,500 from
him nearly forty years ago. He filed a
claim against the estate to-day for that
amount and interest aggregating nearly
three times as much. • . •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway,. Aug. 10.
During the past month San Francisco
Tent of the Knights of the Maccabees
has held several very interesting reviews,
at each of which there has been a marked
increase In membership. The tent on the
9th inst. was visited by the degree team
of Argonaut Tent of Oakland, which con
ferred the degrees on four strangers in a
satisfactory manner. Past Commander
Sir Knight George V. Leroi, who but a
day before returned from Port Huron,
where he attended the ninth biennial re
view 'of the Supreme Tent, to which he
was a delegate from California, was pres
ent and gave an instructive account of
what was done by that body. The sir
knight will visit as many tents as possi
ble to explain -to the membership what
was done during the i supreme review.
Past Commanders M. B. Schofleld and
rneo * rollch were each presented a solid
gold diamond set jewel of the order. Thia
tent has secured a number of whist tables
so that the members and their friends
who -visit may after the work of the even
ing 3f over enjoy a game of whist. The
tent has offered a first olasa prize to tho
member who shall gain the greatest num
ber of games within a given time. There
Is also a first class boooby prize.
Knights of the Maccabees.
the greater number of candidates. The
gTOve Js inaMng exeat preparations to re
ceive tbe noble grand arch on his official
visit in the latter part of the month.
MaTizanlta Grove is perfecting: plans to
introduce a number of professional men
into the membership In a short time.
badge to the member who shall Introduce
r>epatv Grand Arch Gugrlietmonl visited
T^oleta Grove last week and under good
cf the order offered a gold emblematic
Golden Stax Grove on the 2d inst. ini
tiated six candidates and expects to have
many more, as it wants one of the prizes.
Galfleo Grove promises to furnish ten
candidates tor the monster initiation it is
proposed to get up and Trustee A. M.
Annetrong of Olympia. Grove promises
fifty for ids grove at that initiation.
Noble Arch Fontana of ilonteverde
Grove offers a gold badge to tho mem
ber who during a stated period will bring
in the greatest number of members. This
grove at its last held meeting gave two
strangers the adoption degree.
Alpini Grove will be visited August 22
by the 3*aj=t Arches' Association, when
the initiatory degree will be conferred.
Grand Secretary Graves visited Modesto
Grove and Mistletoe Circle in Modesto
last •week.
The local groves are already showing
the effect of the offer by the noble grand
arch to .give prizes to the best workers.
Many applications are belus presented.
Noble GranS Arch Godeau will pay hl3
first official visit of the term, to Monte
verde Grove on August 14. This is the
grore of Deputy Grand Arch Guglielmoni,
and it is out of courtesy to him that that
grove -was chosen tor the first visit. It
is ex]>ected That there will be a large at
tendance.
by the membership of Olympia Circle. On
the 15th inst_ the first degree will be con
ferred on eeveral candidates, the second
on the 22d and the third on the 23th. This
grove will enter the competition for the
valuable prises that have been offered by
XCoble Grand Arch Julius S. Godeau. The
members of this grove are all being photo
graphed, eo that the pictures may be
placed in the grove's album.
Olxmpia Orove of tbe United Ancient
Order of Druida, at its meeting on the
8th tost., conferred the third degree on
a number of eligibles In fine form, after
•which there was given the fourth degree
In the ban<jnet hall. To-day this gTave
will have Its first annual picnic In Schuet
zen Park, and in tfr<« it will be assisted
The Braids.
will be made to establish branches in
every city on this coast. The latest ad
dition will through its ofScers and mem
bers afid to the membership and try to
exceed In number the existing branches.
There .were In the house at the time of
the fire, besides Mr. and Mrs. Douglass
;and Miss Dale, Miss Marie Douglass. Miss
Esther Dickinon and Miss Marie Dickin
son. ; . ¦ •
The fire was discovered', shortly before
3 o'clock. Half an hour before this Mrs.
Dougless thought she detected the smell
of smoke and went through the house, to
investigate. Finding nothing she returned
to her room and retired. Miss Dale, whose
room was over the kitchen, was awakened
by the cracking of boards In the floor near
her bed. She was so nearly overcome by
smoke that it was with an effort that she
aroused herself. 'Half staggering Into the
hallway she screamed ana beat upon the
doors until the sleepers were awakened.
There was barely time to secure a few
personal effects before the flames were
over the upper floor.
The volunteer companies' responded to
the alarm but were handicapped in their
work by a low water pressure." They suc
ceeded, however, in keeping: the flames
within the walls of the burning building
and saved a block of fine residences which
surround the destroyed house. Two homes,
on either side of the burned building,
were barely scorched. Fortunately there
was not a breath of *wind and the wood
burned slowly. The fire Is .supposed to
nave started from a defective flue, i
. Mr. Douglass saved a piano and a . few
pieces of . furniture. His loss was practi
cally covered by an Insurance of $500. The
house, which belonged to 'Mrs. C. Lane of
Oakland, was gutted and is a complete
loss. It was Insured and was valued at
$5000. ¦ [ ... :.- '¦ -. VV v .' 1-cl- ¦ V _ .-' ¦
Miss Louise Dale, a student at the Uni
versity of California, was nearly suffo
cated with smoke when she was awakened
by. the crackling of names in the floor "of
her room. She rushed into the hallway
and -awakened the other occupants of the
house. •; -
BERKELEY, Aug. 10.— The family of W.
D. Douglass and several young lady
boarders had an exceedingly close call
from death at an early hour this morn
ing from a fire which destroyed the
Douglass residence at 2239 Telegraph ave
nue. ' . ' •
Dead Brother's Honor In
volved by Claimant -
of Old Debt.
Half Suffocated Woman
Awakens Other
Slumberers.
AFTER ESTATE
OF CAPITALIST
tenden are residine on Park avenue in i
East Oakland.
POPULAR EMPLOYE OF THE
UNITED STATES MINT AND
HIS BRIDE.
Spirit Medium Dismissed.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 10.— Mrs. Delia Rog
ers, the colored medium, whose spirits
disturbed the sleep of Angus Mclherney.
was tried before Justice Morris this
morning and dismissed. She and Mclner
ney "had words" In the courtroom and
nearly came to blows. Mrs. Rogers want
ed to pay a $5 fine In advance for tho
privilege of "licking" Mclnerney.
The appearance of the child's body
bears silent but strong witness to the bru
tality of her punishment. Her left ear is
torn and discolored, her left arm from
shoulder to wrist and her left leg from
hip to ankle are one mass of glaring
bruises, and the whole demeanor of the
child is such as might be caused by the
violent treatment of which she complains
and from which she seeks protection. .
•Mrs. Groat saw the little girl later, and
after hearing her story and seeing the
condition of the child's arms she was
going in to see- Mrs. Schwarting, but
Annie's pleading. "She will kill me if she
knows I told." made her change her mind.
Yesterday forenoon the quiet of the
Groat residence was broken by screams
from next-door. Running into the yard,
Mrs. Groat found Annie cowering in a
corner, sobbing and evidently in great
pain. She took the child Into her own
house, reported the matter to Secretary
White and later swore -to the complaint
on which the warrant was Issued for the
midwife's arrest.
escaped that time with a black eye.
On Friday evening last, the little girl
says, she heard the door bell ring. It was
one of her duties to notify her landlady
in such event, and in her search for Mrs.
Schwarting the little lodger entered the
room of/ one of the patients.
As Mrs. Schwarting explained to Mrs.
Groat yesterday morning, "My patients
do not wish to be seen," and accordingly,
when the door bell had been attended to,
Annie was thrashed with what she de
scribes as a billet of wood.
THE FRATERNITIES
LITTLE LODGER WHO wXs
DISCIPLINED FOR OPENING
A FORBIDDEN DOOR.
BURNING BOARDS
AROUSE SLEEPER
Mrs. Chittenden Is the daughter of J.
B. Baker, widely known among old min
ing men as well as among shipwrights
and shipbuilders. Her brother, Joseph
Baker, is a successful Alaskan miner,
with rich claims at Nome. The wedding
was the sequence of a romantic attach
ment that began during the school days
of the happy couple. - Mr. and Mrs. Chit-
Mr. Chittenden, who' holds the respon
sible position of assistant weigher in the
receiving department, is a son of C. R.
Chittenden, who is well known in yacht
ing circles, having been for years a direc
tor of the San Francisco Yacht Club. The
groom is a nephew of ex-Governor John
Daggett. • ,
bs^ MPLOTES at the Mint were
given a surprise yesterday by tho
" announcement of one of the most
e^ popular of their number that hg
had taken a' wife. .Paul Chitten
den' was the man who furnished the
surprise, and he was kept busy during the
remainder of the day receiving congratu
lations. '-,
»,The bride was Miss Jessie Janis of Oak
land. :'. The wedding occurred July 20 at
San Rafael, but only the families of tha
•ntracting parties and a few intimate
Triends' knew of it until yesterday. Mr.
Chittenden had told his chief in the Mint,
Major D. L. Noggle, the weigher, of the
marriage, but until yesterday none of his
fellow employes knew that he had be
come a benedict. ,'
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— Attorney S. B.
McKee to-day filed for probate the short
est will yet recorded in Alameda County.
The tiny slip is In a big envelope Indorsed
as the last will and testament of Hannah
A. pray. Mrs. Gray died in this city-
July 27. After her death a bank booJc
was found showing deposits to her credit
amounting to $1175 05. Pinned to one of
the leaves was a scrap of paper inscribed:
This money is for Leon E. Gray In case of my
decease. H. A. GRAY.
Leon E. Gray is the son of the decased.
Mrs. Gray left other property, bringing
the value of her estate up to about JoOoO.
Letters of administration have been asked
by Henry H. Haynea, son-in-law of the
deceased.
Testament of Woman Who Left
Money to Son.
Laconic Document Offered as Last
SHORTEST WILL YET
FILED FOB. FROBATS
John A. Borge has begun suit for di
vorce from Lena Borge on the ground of
infidelity^
Catherine Boeder has filed a divorce
suit against Mathias J. Roeder on tha
ground of failure to provide.^ *
Sharpe says that his wife's devotion to
the doctrine of objective immateriality
has emancipated her from the grosser de
lusions of life, such as satisfying Ima;- S
inary hunger with ,food and ¦ paring,
kneading, cooking, cleaning and scrubbing
In general. Not being himself an initiata
to the esoteric circles of the faith. Sharpe
has perforce started a cult of his own
sWhicb he calls domestic science. {Sharp©
Is very enthusiastic and when he dona his
gingham apron night and morning and »
kneels at his devoirs he makes comments
which are described in his wife's com
plaint as blasphemous beyond measure.
Mrs. Sharpe does not refuse the term
scientific to her husband's exercises, but
vehemently protests that they are noc
Christian and says tnat they have caused
her untold anguish, for which reason sha
accuses Sharpe of inflicting mental cruel
ty upon her. The couple live on Ea3t
Twelfth street and have six children.
1118 Broadway, Aug. 10.
Christian and profane science are hope
lessly mixed in the family troubles of ¦•
Frank B. Sharpe, a Custom-house em
ploye, whose differences with bis wife cul
minated to-day in a divorce suit charging
him with cruelty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
After ! that the raising of : assessments
was proceeded with. . The average raise
was- about one-third,- but in the case of
property at the lower end of -the district
the raise was small, • while along • Four
teenth street the increase was very great/
In some, cases - assessments were more
than doubled; and in some cases the addi
tion was fully one-half. S . -
The Increases Made.
"We remitted the assessment upon three
franchises and the Board of Supervisors
remitted the assessment upon nine fran
chises, yet they escaped all criticism and
we are attacked most bitterly. They, are
holding us up to attack, and claiming that
a pack of scoundrels from San Quentln
ar£ angels compared with us; yet. the Su
pervisors did more than we did. •-• Now I
understand .what all . my friends meant
when they came to me around election
and said. 'Wixson, you are trying: to get
into the Council; but after you have been
there a month you could not be hired to
take, a second term.' The Council is at
tacked for doing just what, the Supervis
ors did without a word being said.".. <
This brought Councilman Bon to hia
feet. Bon was popularly supposed to be
the mild, pacific member of the Council,
but he has suddenly developed a capacity
for argument that his friends did not
suppose existed. •
"There has been some criticism of the
action of this Council in striking off the
assessment of the franchise of the Contra
Costa Water Company,", said Mr. Bon. "I
made the motion to do that, and both Mr.
Dornin and Mr. Wallace have been free
with their criticism of that action. I have
been watching: the papers, and I saw that
Supervisor Kowe. who comes from the
same ward as Mr. Wallace and who is
the close friend of both of those gentle
men, took the same ground that I did. It
was Mr. Bowe, I believe, who made the
motion in the. Board of Supervisors to re
duce the assessment there.' and the friends
of the gentlemen who are criticizing me
were the ones who voted for the reduc
tion by the Supervisors. I believe that
Mr. Rowe was right, and I am merely
following his example. Why don't they
criticize Mr. Rowe? The Supervisors can
take any action they please and not get
criticized, but when we do the same thing
in the Council we get hauled over the
coals." '. . "< • ' - •
This brought forth a burst from Coun
cilman Wixson.
Supervisors Did Even More. ,
He told the Council that he was opposed
to this wa3' of doing- business and that
it was not fair to take the assessment off
a corporation and place It upon the
people.
This brought Councilman Wixson to his
feet, which is not a very difficult thing
to do.
"You evidently did not pay much atten
tion to the decision of City Attorney
Johnson," said Mr. Wixson. "That was
a very cunningly arranged decision. He
was ready to advise us that the olace of
business of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany was In San Francisco, but' he was
not ready to advise us that the franchise
should not be assessed here."
« "I meant no insult to my colleagues,"
replied Mr.- Dornin, "but it is a well
known principle of law that taxes shall
inure to the benefit of the people taxed,
and certainly that franchise was not as
sessable in San Francisco under those cir
cumstances." . -, -
The only excitement that occurred dur
ing the afternoon was when Councilman
Dornin made hie appearance in the Coun
cil chamber a little late. Mr. Dornin Is
one of the minority in the Council and he
has been the leader of that small fac
tion. Once In a great while Mr. Dornin
will make a few remarks and this after
noon was one of the times.
So Professor Wallace voted against the
first increase that was proposed. Then
he was shown a large map with the
streets and blocks and, assessments all
laid out thereon, and he was flanked by
Councilman Wixson ¦ and a city expert,
who told him that this was a mere equal
izing of the assessments of the city. The
map was well drawn and the figures were
all marked In- various colored inks and
after that Professor Wallace voted to in
crease the assessments with the exception
of a very few.
Map Convinces Wallace.
. As soon as a quorum was secured the
Council settled down to , business, and
that business was the raising of the
assessments in the business section of the
city. . *
. CHy Clerk Church appeared with a pile
of prepared resolutions. These resolu
tions had all been settled upon in execu
tive session and nothing remained but to
adopt them formally in open session.
They covered every piece of property In
the district bounded by Clay and Broad
way, Eighth and Fourteenth streets, ex
cept some very few pieces . that were
passed for. future consideration.; at "the
request of the property owners'. With a
monotonous regularity Clerk Church read
the increases and with a monotonous reg
ularity they were adopted. - '
It required but six votes to adopt the
resolutions, but after the ! first one had
been passed Professor Wallace of the
Seventh Ward joined with the six of the
solid seven who- were present, and after
that there were no negative votes record
ed. Professor Wallace is a man of great
honesty of purpose and he seeks earnest
ly and sincerely to acquaint himself with
all of the proceedings of the City Council,
but the professor instills learning Into the
minds of the students of a denomina
tional college In the day time and to de
scend from ths heights of Highland Park
learning to the depths of the proceedings
of the Oakland City Council is too great
a drcp, and the professor sometimes fails
to grasp everything that is going on.
"It cost me $2 to locate Bon and I think
I ought to be reimbursed," was the report
that Boyer made of his mission.
Finally Boyer was delegated a commit
tee of one to' try to locate Councilman
Bon, and after half an hour's search
Boyer rounded him up and brought him
into the City Hall.
Costs $2 to Find Son.
The meeting at which these Increases In
assessments were made was an afternoon
aftair. it was supposed to begin at 1
o'clock, but at that hour President Schaf
fer and his ever faithful Courtney were
the only ones present. • In course of time
A. W. Bishop dropped, in. Mr. Bishop has
the record of being the only man who did
not want to face the attacks of Frederick
Kahn and who voted against recalling
that fiery merchant, who had the temerity
to speak his mind. . Then . Wixson of the
Second Ward made his appearance, fol
lowed by Robert Boyer. . But it takes
seven to make a quorum of the Council.
Professor Wallace of the Seventh Ward
arrived, but that was only six. The six
waited and waited. /
The people who own property in the dis
trict bounded by Eighth street on the
south. Fourteenth street on the north,
Cla.y street on. the west -and Broadway
on the east are now asked to supply the
revenue that would otherwise have been
supplied by the water corporation that
was given a $7,000,000 valuation by Judge
Hart. ¦ . -. ;
The property assessments in Oakland
went up with a rush this afternoon, •when
the City Council, sitting as a Board of
Equalization, got hold of them. There
was only one more rapid move that has
been made by this board, and that was
the reduction of the assessment upon the
franchise of the Contra : Costa "Water
Company after Councilman J. S. "Wixson
got over his attack of cold feet.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
, 1118 Broadway, Aug. 10.
Custom-House Employe Saya
He Is Cook as Well as
Bread Winner.
Oakland Council Raises
Values on Private ,
Property. •
¦ ? — -' .
Deficit Prom Water Company
Franchise Reduction
Made Up.
Christian and Domestic
Science at War in
Household.
BLAMES RELIGION
FOR THEIR WOES
INCREASE MADE
IN ASSESSMENT
USES POKER AND BILLETS OF WOOD
TO PUNISH HER TEN-YEAR-OLD LODGER
Mrs. Dora Schwarting, a Local Midwife, Arrested for Cruelty to
Little Annie Keller, .Whose Body Bears Silent Testimony to
the Rigor of Her Landlady's System of Corporal Punishment
MRS. DORA SCHWARTING. a
midwife, residing at 510 Eddy
street. was yesterday arrested
on the charge of maltreating
Annie Keller, a minor child.
The arrest was made eX the Instance ot
Mrs. William H. Groat <Sf 512 Eddy street.
The little sr- r^ whose arms, Iefrs, face and
body bear the marks of what had been
Epparently a terrible beating, was taken
under the protecting wing of Secretary
White cf the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children.
Mrs. Schwarting was released on flOO
cash bail.
Annie K«ller Is one of the four children
of C. G. Keller, said to be a paper car
rier. Keller end his wife are separated.
Keller Is now In the country and. the chil
dren are distributed among relatives and
others. Annie was placed with Mrs.
Sehwartlng about four months agt>, Kel
ler paying a small sum monthly for her
maintenance.
According to the testimony of the child,
which Is corroborated by Mrs. Groat and
a dozen ugly scars and bruises, Mrs.
Schwarting took no chances of spoiling
Annie by sparing: the rod. the rod in this
particular case being sometimes a poker,
occasionally the open hand. but. for pref
erence a billet of stone or wood.
The poker is said to have been called
Into requisition a month or so ago for the
purpose of teaching Annie the wickedness
of opening the oven dear when a roast
was in course of cooking. Mrs. Schwart
lng's son Interfered, however, and Annie
. • . . ; x ' ¦ . * ' i -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST ll v l?Ol?
Paul Ghittenden, Assistant Weigher in the
Government Institution, and Miss Jessie
-Janis Are Married 1 at San Rafael
MINT EMPLOYE GIVES
FRIENDS A SURPRISE
C
25
LEADIMG BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Poet rt.. San Francisco. CaL
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
"Write for SO-page catalogue (free).
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET, v'
Sns Prnnclsco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Iceland Stanford
Jr., also Vassar, Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens Aujrust 12. 1901.
SARAH D. UAMU??. Principal.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL.
1613 Bush street... .fWest of Franklin*
PRINCIPAL, GEORGE BATES. M. A.
Primary Dep't.. MISS MARIE MoDOXXELL.
Is intended to furnish the best preparation
for the universities or for business to a limit-
ed number of pupils. Opens MONDAY. Aug. S
For circulars, etc.. address 904 Van Ness ave.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE.
1236 Market «treet.
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers; Grez*
shorthand, tbe easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE. (60.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKLAND. CAL.
Studies will be resumed MONDAY, August
5. 190L ¦ BRO. ERMINOLD. President.
~ THE LYCEUM,
: AH ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOTi
i for the aniverslty, law and medical colleges;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xmas ' Term "Will Commence August IV
Major Geo. C. Collins. Commandant.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and d.iy school for girls. 2121 Call-
fornfa et. Accredited to the universities. Th*
next session will begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
catalogue addrras the principal.
REV.* EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL. The next term will begta
August 15, 190L For catalogue and Illustrate!
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER.
A. B.. Rector and Head Master.
"Broken Eye-Glass Lenses
'Replaced for Fifty Cents.
Any Astigmatic Lens Duplicated for
&1.OO to 55/. s Or
OcaHsts* Prescrip's. Filled, rhone— Mala IX
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
: opTiciANs^H0T^ c o rrr-
642 Market 5t. instruments
ukocp chromicie euaDiM&. Catalogue Frje.
t| ad way's
Purely vegetable. ' mild and reliable.- Cause*
perfect digestion, completo absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all dlsonVrs of the Stomach,
Llyer.* Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
rc^ularltles. Sick Headache, Biliousness, ! Con-.
5tipa*ton, Pile* and all derangements of tha
Internal Viscera.' 23c a box. At Druggists, or
by malL KADWAX & CO.. K«w Tarfc.. The forty-four little ones who: are the
guests at the Orphans* • Home; : with . the
consent ' of, the' , board of. directors, - were
given a vacation : to , go ; to a : grove ; ten
miles from' Gilroy to camp'there. They
Loyal Rebekah Lodge .will, have several
candidates to initiate on the 12th inst.; on
the. 9th Templar Lodge Initiated a clasa of
strangers,: and" there are several of the
local lodges that are to confer the degrees
in the near future. ¦ ; : .': :% ; . .
The president has issued a circular call-
Ing attention to.the fact that. the 20th of
September, which is recognized, by the
Sovereign Grand- Lodge a,s. the, anniver
sary of the ¦ institution of ; the -Or
der of ; Rebekahs, 't-ls designated - in
this •. State as "Orphans' Home '. Do
nation, day," and' as the coming'anni
versary will be the golden jublUe of the
order, the lodges of the State being grant
ed a" dispensation for. that date, to^give
entertainments in aid of the home, should
do all in t?|eir. power to make a generous
contribution in aid of the little ones. '
Kebekah Lodges.
The following named are the officers
who have been installed in .Cali
fornia Rebekah Lodge for) the current
term: Annie W. Lewis, N." G. ; Martha
Ossosky, V. G.; Minnie" Simons, -R. S. ;
Mary A. Hawley, F. S. (re-elected, twen
ty x -flrst year); Rebecca C. Lee, T.; Louise
Brland.W.; Bertha Rather, Con.; Samuel
Bachman, I. G. ; Eugene Dauchet, O. G. ;
Marquette Reed, R. S. "N. G.; Sarah Pat
terson, L.S. N.G.; Flora Bergman, R.\ S.
V. G.; Ida Salowitz, L. S. V. G.; Minnie
Homiher, Chap.; Ernestine Griesman, R.
A. S. ; Flora Ossosky, L, A. S., and Laura
M. Anderson, O. - ¦
. Walhalla, the German lodge,' has made
arrangements for giving an. entertainment
and dance in its hall-ln the Odd Fellows'
building on the night of the 17th. In this
a number, of the^ prominent members of
Hermann Lodge , will assist and - a first
class programme is promised. •
President. Mrs. Nellie Mitchell of the
California Assembly. will make visitations
as follows: Miriam 'Rebekah .'Lodge at
North San Juan, August 20; Morning Star
Lodge, Camptonville, 21st; Mount Queen,
Iowa Hill,. 23d; Naomi Lodge, VTruckee,
2Sth; Golden Rule Lodge, Dutch Flat, 30th,
and Silver Star Lodge at You Bet, on the
31st..:. .> . . •- ', ..; - '- ."-¦ :.-" " ¦; .
The reports received by the grand
scribe indicate that'-', the present grand
patriarch, R. D.- Gummoe, will beat the
record for Increase of membership during
any one term.
With a view to keep up the Interest of
the members of the order of Odd Fellows
in his district Harry D. Saville. D. D. G.
M., an energetic, and conscientious
worker, addressed a committee composed
of representatives from Bay City, Abou
Ben Adhem, Apollo, Cosmopolitan and
Excelsior lodges last week, arter which it
was unanimously resolved to hold a series
of district meetings during the year.
Apollo Lodge will inaugurate the first of
these meetings on the 16th Inst. in Me
morial Hall of the Odd Fellows' building,
when there will be an interesting pro
gramme by the best of lodgeroom enter-,
tainers. It is expected that these meet
ings will be productive of much good and
will attract many young men to this g-reat
fraternal- organization. The subsequent
meeting will, be -by Excelsior, Lodge on
the 16th of September, on which occasion
the lady relatives and friends of members
will be invited. . -
Odd Fellowship.
This organization v holds its
meetings at the farthest point north
at which any . Iixasonic gathering*
has _ ever been held. On the night
named' there was "'¦" a supper, the
menu showing that what was served was
made up of the choicest Alaskan delica
cies. After the supper there was an N hour
of talk, instrumental and vocal music,
jokes and a very interesting address on
the "Influence of Masonry" by Juliu3
Thompson. Those who took part in the
programme ¦were G. "W. Fox, A. L. Mc-
Clanahan, Charles S. Bosener, E. S. ln
graham, Dr. E. S. Griggsby, W. A. Aber
nethy, W. V. Reinhart, Fred Hanks, Oli
ver Olson, F. B. Lazier. A. B. Gibson, VV.
T. Perkins, L. B. Shephard, D. S. J. Call
and S. H. Howland. The committee of
arrangements was composed of Julius
Thompson, George W. Fox, Major Bald
win, I. Goodfriend and Alexander I.
Smilie. . .
/^------f HE Anvil Masonic Club of
i ¦ Nome, an organization of
([ \ members of the. Masonic fra
(VI . ternity, on the 27th of June
\^*— l-y gave a banquet in the Golden
/*" Gate Hotel in Nome, Alaska.
are in -charge of the- officers of the insti
tution and are reported as enjoying the
outing very much.. s ¦¦;.. ... ' • -
On the 7th inst. Mrs. Harriet Beckley.
noble grand of Oriental Lodge, after the
business of the evening introduced a novel
entertainment which she called the "Ge
ography Lesson," which was productive
of much merriment. The best scholar was
Mrs. Sophie Forbes, who won the first
prire; Mrs. E. M. Cyrus was awarded the
second, and G. D. Sickels of Amity Lodge
received the booby prize. It was the first
time humorous geography was introduced
In a lodgeroom in this city. At the. next
meeting there will be a peanut hunt under
the direction of Vice Grand Sarah Draffln.
The Eastern Star.
At the last held session of Golden Gate
Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star
there was a good attendance, and among
the number were visitors from Washing
ton, Dakota, Massachusetts, Arizona and
Texas. . After the business there was a
pleasant social hour.
Harmony^ Chapter had a very pleasant
meeting on the 8th and received several
petitions, which were referred to appro
priate-committees. There were in attend
ance visitors from Boston. Arizona, Chi
cago and Washington. Upon the close of
the chapter thsre was an adjournment to
the social hall, where ] there was an Im
promptu programme of entertainment.
Mrs. Mary Ella Klein, who a few days
since returned from a visit to the East,
entertained with vocal selections; Mrs.
McBaln and J. McBain also favored with
vocal selections, and Annie Marie John
son delighted all present with recitations.
Then followed dancing. This chapter will
have a delightful social function on the
occasion of Its next meeting.
Past Grand Matron Mrs. Fannie Thomas
MvCowen was in the city last week, as
was also Past Grand Associate Patron
Dr. Charles Colfax Corbiere.
Pa3t Grand Patron George -L. Darling
met with a severe loss last week, his sis
ter, Mrs. Cooper,' for many years connect
ed with the school department of. this city,
having been removed by death. Her re
mains were taken to Sonora on the 8th
Inst. for Interment In the family, plat by
the side of her late husband, Judge
Cooper.
The National Union.
The next entertainment of the National
Union Social and -Literary . Club will.be
given in the Odd Fellows' building, on the
14th inst., ¦when. the following programme
will be presented under the direction of W.
W. Healy, E. A. Kldd, J. N. Bunting and
F. H.- Hastings: >
Selections, Slchel's orchestra; inarch, "Frog
Puddles" .(Whitney); (a) quartet from "Rigo
letto" (Verdi); (b) sextet, "Lucia*dlLamrner
moor" (Donizetti); soprano solo, "When "the
Heart is Young" (Dudley Buck). :Mme. Lillian
Walther; the novelty musical ¦ artists, the
Laskys (Jesse and Blanche), i portraying - mili
tary musicians of different nations; violin solo,
"Zlgeunerweisen" (Gypsy Thou) (Sarasate),
Bernhard Walther;' Professor George S. Mieh
linu with his Chinese Boxers (by kind permis
sion of Olympic Club); musical selection." or
chestra; Robert Demlng and Grace - Carroll In
a laughable skit, introducing Miss Carroll's en
durance buck and wing dancing. N
Ladies of : the Maccabees.
- Lady Ida Leroi, record-keeper, of ; Fra
ternal Hive of the Ladies of. the-Macca
bees, has returned to her. station after, a
six weeks'. : vacation- in the southern part
of the State.. This hive, which has taken
quarters. on the fourth floor of the.Pio
neer building, has been doing a great deal
In the line of . increasing its ¦ membership
of late, and it will be -pleased; to receive
all lady Maccabees In Its new home.
Mrs. J. Shannon, Miss Shannon and Mrs. M.
C. Ambrose. Mrs. C. Lovpland, Miss D. Llm
baugh, David C. Coleman and wife. Georgs
Welsh. V. A. Hancock. R. D. Dlxon, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles R. Gacan, Miss M. C. H. 'Daly,
Miss M. Davis, S. Paksley, Mrs. K. Breuner,
Miss Breuner, Miss C. Breuner, W. P. Mc-
Faul and J. J. Hess are among the recent ar
rivals at the springs.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— Late arrivals at
Gilroy Hot^Sprlnge include: From San Fran
cisco—Consul H. H. Blrkholm and wife. Cap
tain L. D. Bendlxsen and wife, Chris Toft, T.
F. Clsmepts. Peter Hnnsen. R. R. Ritchie. P.
A. Walker. Miss Maggie Milligan. A. B. Feld,
John H. Drumgold. B. Rich, H. M, Llchten
stein, Miss Llpman, Mrs. Llchtenstein and
dauKhter. S. Peters, wife and maid. T. W.
Butler and son, MIfs R. Roberts, J. D. Stone,
F. S. Martine, W. NordyV«, Frank Schloss. G.
C. Weise, 9. Phillips. Henry Ryder. F. B.
Conners, T. G. McWynne. David Evans.
Charles J. Palmer. S. Dupuy, George Whitney
and wife, B. F. Thomas, J. W. Williams and
wife, T. J. Woods and wife, H. McAdams. C.
J. Lartqn. B. E. Hendricks. From Menlo Park
— Mr. and Mrs. John MacBain. From Boca.
Nevada County—^Ir. and Mrs. \V. J. McDonald.
From Houston. Texas— S. Baldacci. From
Phoenix, Ariz.— Charles P. Jensen. From Eng
land—Mrs. Spencer Ashline. Miss Isabel Ash
line. From Alameda— Mis?T^£leanor Eschen.
Master Robbie Eschen. L. D.^McLean. From
Oakland— Miss Lilian Coates, Mr. and Mrs. P.
Murphy, H. F. Dunne. Miss Marion Lewis,
Captain J. Williams. From Gllroy— Miss Bar
bara Gassner, Miss Clark. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Clarke. Dr. J. Clark. From Irvington — Mr. and
Mrs. M. L. Ferrlera. S. Jackson. ¦ From New
York— J. G. Grimms ' and wife. From Menlo
Park— Thomas Fitzgerald. Miss Bessie Fitz
irerald. From Watsonville— J. W. Chapin, H.
Morrison.
Mrs. R. T. Van Norden, accompanied by her
daughter, Mrs. Travaithen. and Miss, Collins,
are up for. a few weeks' stay.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Major A: D. Grim
wood and Miss Grlmwood and Hon. James T.
Boyd have been guests of Miss Floyd at her
charming home on the shores of Clear Lake
and are now at the springs.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— Registered at Sara
toga Springs during the past week were: Miss
T. Fuestenthal. Miss P. Thierbeau. F. D. Til
ler, ¦ F. M. Furger, A. M. Morrison. Sam Sola
mon, Al Watson, San Francisco; D. C. Smith,
Utah: J. Spear Jr., Modesto; J. C. Smithson,
Myrtle Scott, Effie Scott. Mamie Scott. Lodi;
Guy F. Mason. Birdie Burke. Ufriah; Mr.
Sperry San Francisco: Myrtle Leath, Edna
Sllberhorn, Grace SilbBrhorn, Myrtle Silberhorn,
Healdsburg: Frank Farrace.- H. E. Reed, M.
Wambold. Roy Fay, Paso Roble^; John Morrow,
St. Helena; Edna Reves, Santa Rosa; Mrs.
Dr. Gardner, Sacramento: John Carter,- Mo
desto; Ernest Mulr. Salt Lake; Mrs. La Mar,
Portland: Walter Bermudas, Oakland: Gertrude
Gustav St. Clare, John St. Clare, Bert Bruner,'
Orin Whltcomb, Los Angeles; Gus Miller, Mrs.
Miller, Miss Edna Miller, San Jose; Mr. and
Mrs. Holllnsworth. San Francisco; - Mr. and
Mrs. Moore. Miss Una Swarts, Cazadero; E.
Dinniam, Euden Rosenberg. Mrs. Sweat, Los
Angeles; Fred Bowen, Paso Robles; Rev. and
Mrs. -Smead. West Virginia; Frank Willis, E.
R. Hoffman, Wiirows; Mrs. B. Harris. Oak
land. . ,•
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS— I-ate arrivals
at Klainath Hot Springs include: San Fran
elsco—S. Goldman, Theo. Bradley. Rolla V.
Watt, Mrs. R. V. Watt. M. A. Lippltt, Ben
jamin , Boas, Dr. Morrow, Mrs. Morrow, ¦ Roy
Weldon. W. F. Pitts. Sacramento— D. M. Lan
caster and wife. B. L> Wertheimer and -wife,
E. M. Coty and wife, C. F. Williams, George
FeUierston. Klamath Fall?. Or.— B. E. Mc-
Carthy, M. Hatery and wife. R. W. Marple.
Gazelle— E. L,. Foulke. Klamath Agency-
Miss Eacan. Alameda— W. L. Frier. Oak
land—Alex Martin. Fresno— Mrs. G. H. Aiken,
Miss True Aiken. Stockton— E. L. Hudgln.
Seattle— F. H. Osgood. La Grande— Stewart
MrAmlfh. -
Among the arrivals at Wegner Villa are;
Mr. .and Mrs. Haekett. Mr. and Mrs. J. Co
blne, Mrs. 'A. J. Flynn, .Andrew J. Flynn, Mr.
and. Mrs. J. J. Sullivan, the Misses Sa»1Ie and
Rose Standart, Mr. and Mrs. Spreckels, Miss
Louise Spreckels, Miss Enna Sullivan, Miss
Marie Coblne. Mrs. Troll, Miss Helen Hamil
ton, Miss Elizabeth Sullivan, , Miss Mary Da
vie, Miss. Grace' Sullivan, Lawrence . Flynn,
Miss Martha Davie, J. O'Neill, Misa Anita
Cobine, j Don Ryan, Mrs. Humphrey, William
Gannon, Miss Anita Fennell, Harry Sullivan,
Edward Krelss, Mrs. Judrc, Mrs. Bryan,
James Sullivan, Hert Oesting. Mr. McCaw,
Mpsters W'UHe Sullivan, Harry Davle,. Theo.
Davie, Willie Davle, Miss Sophia \VS«on. Mr.
Murphy, the Misses Murphy, Dr. | Mosgrave,
m- and Mrs. Llllis and family. Mr. and Mrs
Hasan, Martin, Fennell. Mr. Kenney and Mrs
Gray. ' "¦ - - • ' ' "
Among those present were Mr. and Mrs. J.
Wcirner, Mr. and Mrs. Lills. Mrs. J. Cobine,
Miss Marie Cobine, Miss Grace Sullivan, Mrs.
J. J. Sullivan. Edward Krelss. Misa Anita
Fennell. Andrew J. Flynn, Miss Anita Cobine.
Miss Elizabeth Sullivan. * Bert Oestlnc. ' Miss
Saciie Standart, Hiss Emma Sullivan, Mr:
Bryan. Miss Rose Standart. J. O'Neill, Miss
Sophia Wl!son, James Sullivan. Miss Helen
Hamilton,-. Mrs. Troll. Martin Fennell. Harry
Sullivan. Misa Alice Gray. William Gannon,
Mrs. Blggy. ' .Miss Murphy, . Dr. Mosgrove.
Lieutenant Strong, . Mrs. Hauan. Don Ryan,
William Sullivan, Mr. and Mrs. Hackett.
day last. The ballroom was very prettily dec
orated wltl; ferns, palms and numerous Chi
nese ¦ lanterns.- . • . . ,
will return to the city in two weeks, accompa
nied by his wife and daughter. Miss Bertha,
Mrs. I. Rosenbaum of Virginia City, Nev.
is visiting In this city and would be pleased
to see her friends at 426 Golden Gate avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Tausslg of Virginia City,
Nev.. v are on a visit to their daughter. Mrs.
Belle Harris. 1854 Bush street. -
Mrs. H. Schoenholz will leave to-morrow . for
a trip through Southern California, New Mexico
and Arizona. .' ' • /
Mrs. Maurice M. Knlstler, who has been the
guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Jo
seph, returned to her. home in Tucson, A,riz.,
accompanied by her sister, Gladys Joseph.
Mrs. Janet S. Porteous and Mrs. Lovell White
are spending a few weeks at the Calaveras Big
Trees. . ' - ¦. ../ . ¦ - . ' - ;•¦
Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Levy and daughter have
moved from 1219 Pacific avenue, Alameda, to
Hotel Repelier, 781 Sutter street, where they
will be pleased to see'thelr friends.' .'/.'¦-.
Mr. arid Mrs. Stephen Troy have returned to
San' Rafael ¦ after a two months' tour of the
Eastern and Western States. • '
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene W. Levy will be pleased
to see their friends to-day, between the hours
of 2 and 5 t o'clock p. m., at 2318 Clay street, in
honor of th^ confirmation of their son, David
Levingston Levy.-- * .-
Mrs. Alexander Campbell of Los Angeles is
visiting her- sister. Mrs. William K. Black, at
Berkeley. ' / ¦ .- ¦ ¦
Mica 'Ada P. Chambers, 1230 Post street, has
gone on her summer's vacation to Visalia.
where rhe will be the guest of Mrs. Dr. H.
Cross. . .-.:..
Barney A. Eohralm of Chicago is visiting
his mother, Mrs. E. EDhraim. of 705 Broder
ick street.
Dr. »M. Herzstein has returned after a three
months' European trip. .
Mrs. Charles L. Hammond of Shasta County,
who was for some time visiting her sister and
niece. Mrs. R. W. Pilcher and Miss Pilcher,
at their home In East Oakland, Is at present
visiting friends in Los Angeles~ Mrs. Ham
mond will return soon for a short stay in
East Oakland before returning to Shasta. •
Dr. and Mrs. E. A. Clay have returned from
their northern trip and are stopping at the
Hotel Miramar. * . ;
William A. Sullivan of 15 Sixth street will
take his annual vacation of two weeks with his
friend John Mulgrew of Skagga Springs.
Miss Hattie O'Neill of 2215 Devisadero street
has returned home, having spent the past five
weeks in Larkspur, the guest of Mrs. John Mol
loy. ¦'M.Isb O'Neill will niena the next two
weeks at Ivy Terrace, Pacheco, Cal., the guest
of Mrs. CaMain L. Anderson.
Mrs. M. Meyer and her daughter, Miss Ella
Meyer, have returned from Santa Cruz and will
be nltased to see their friends at their new
residence, , 127! Ellis street.
At the Us sorts.
'>. HOTEL CAPITOLA— The following aro
among the recent arrivals at Hotel Capitola:
From San Francisco — Mr. and Mrs. F. . C.
Bethell, Mrs; M. Lynch. Miss Agnes Lynch,
O. L. Nelson and family. Ethyl V. Leighton,
H. Nathan. H. C. Porter, George H. Ismon,
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Daggett, J. M. Israel,
Robert Romer, Harry J. Lask, F. D. Mullin,
J. H. Mepham r ..N. B. Kooser, Mr. and Mrs.'
Maggln, Oscar Rasmussen, Mr. and Mrs. Theo
J. Roche. Mr. and Mrs. A. Relichley. G. M.
Berry. Gerald Lyons, A. M. Lester, J. Morris,
Mrs. E. B. Cadwalader,- Miss Cadwalader, O.
O. Ellison, G. Bartlett, L. A. Folsom, Miss
A. M. Thomas, Miss Mayne Carroll. Mr. and
Mrs. F. S. Myers, Milton Bernard. From Oak
land—Mrs. L. Selby, May E. Selby, Mra. George
H. Ismon, Mildred Ismon, G. Harry Ismon,
Mrs. F. R. Noyes. Harry Benner and wife,
"Dr. Charles Gilman and wife, Mrs. B. S. Hub
bard. R T.- 'McMannis. George C. Cushing,
Miss Daisy Walker, J. H. Davis. I From San
Jose— John A. Petunivich, Mrs. A. G."" Col' and
children, J. W. Piper, E. M. Piercy. Mrs. Kate
L. Evans, Miss C. V. West. Miss Harris, MAj
Norma Ryland. Mr. and Mrs. ¦ G. T. JamisoV
J. W. Chilton, C. A. Wayland. M. D. ; ,R.;M.
McCarty and family. F. E. Bourgtjrnon,- T/: F.
Tormley, Clem Portal, Mr. and Mrs. W. . E.
Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Sharp. Bernlce
Sharp, Mrs. J. -Turel, George Turel, Alice Tu
rel. .Alex Coil, Arthur Bubb, A. G. Col,. H. J.
Lion. W. E. Blaner. AV. * Emerson. From
Stockton— F. O. Gardiner and wife. R. J. Man
nakee. Mrs. F. XV. Butterick, G. E. Housken
and wife, C. F. Williams. From Los Gatos—
Miss E. Goggln. Miss N. Lynch, Miss E. Bress
ler, W. O. Pepper. From Pasadena— H. C.
Rogers. Spokane — W. Marie Gookstetter, Mr.
and Mrs. Albert Johnson. Woodland— Mrs. XV.
Michael, Davy Michael. Los Angeles — Mr. and
Mrs. William Mead, Mr., and Mrs. C. F. Win
ters. Columbus. O. — Mr. and Mrs. "S. K. Long.
Lathrop — A. E. Munkef. Gllroy— R. - L.
Beauchamp, Ida Breen, Ruby Breen. Denver,
FROM FRATERNITIES' LODGE ROOMS.
CAMP CURRY— Arrivals at Camp Curry,
Yosemite, during the past week include: W.
E. Robinson, Los Angeles: Willtam W. Gross,
George W. Wagor, Stockton; I. E. Gusdorf,
Fremont Ohio; Mr. and. Mrs. A. D. Wilson,
Fruitvale. Cal.; Rev. H. Williams, Elwood,
Iowa; Rev. C. W. Crooke. Indianapolis, Ind.;
J. G. Etter, San Jose.J. A. Baker, Earle Seely,
Merced; James Stewart, Kansas City, Kans. ;
Mr. and Mrs. A. Henley, Lawrence, Kans.; W.
M. O'Brien. San Francisco; Rev. W. S. Wood
ard. Fayette. Mo.
WEONER VILLA— A very pretty ball was
given by the guests at Wegner Villa on Satur-
SUMMER HOME FARM— The following
guests registered at Summer Home Farm,
Glenwocd, Santa Cruz County, during the
week: From San Francisco— L. S. Schoenfeld,
Mrs. L. S. Schoenfeld, -I. Mlchels. L. Mlchels,
A. Michels, A. E. Rose, Mrs. M. Lewis. Miss
Irma Triest, Maurice Frank. Mrs. M. Frank,
Miss Mary O'Learey, Mrs. Morris Windt, Miss
R. Frank,- D. C. Deasy, Miss Viola Goodman,
Miss Selma - Goodman, F. I. Gonzales, Albert
"Windt, Miss E. Brown, Miss Minnie " Jones,
Mi-s I. M. Roberts. L. Reinstein, A. M.
Schoenfeld. Mrs. J. G. Leibold. From Sacra
mento—W. C. Hevener. From Vallejo— A. Han
son, Mrs. A. Hanson. From Oakland— Major
C. F. Poiilter, Mrs. . C F. Poulter. From
Mountain View- ranch— F. R. Dann.
THE GEYSERS— Registered at, the Geysers
are: Mr. and Mrs. Llchtenstein, Mrs. J. Levy,
Mrs. G. F. Levy. Miss E. Levy, U. Means. M.
A. Eagles, Miss Cornelia Farrell, • Wilbur
Knapp, Mrs. C. Loveland,- Miss H. Llmbaugh,
Miss M. Shannon. David Coleman and wife, F.
J. Harrington, Ike Uri, N. Wenman,:M. Herzog
and wife. Richard Dunn, Eveline Dunn, Hazel
Frazler, .B.- C. Windsor. James D. Bailey. San
Francisco; Mrs. H. M. Benner, Miss Julia A.
Benner. Miss B. D. Walker, Miss Mary E.
Dow, Miss M. Emke, Miss Maud Wilkins, Mifcs
Helen Powell, H. A. Powell, Oakland; Dr. Da^
vld Powell and wife, ' M!sh Jenette Powell,
Miss Marguerite Powell, Miss Carrie Berg, Ma
rysvllle; J. Johnson, Stanford' University; W.
L. McCray, Cloverdale; Miss C. C. Harvey. Se
bastopol: H. H. Burns, Mrs. H. H. Burns,
Arthur Burns, Los Anreles; Mrs. A. O. ChRt
field, Oliver D. Chatfieid, M. M. Johnson, Clo
verdale; C. L. Lippitt, .Arthur Evans, Pcta
luma; J. M. Caldwell. Rock Island. 111.: H. B.
Bowers, Fulton; C. E. Bowers, Will M. Bow
ers. Storm Lake, Iowa: H. M. Spaulding, Clo
verdale: Mrs. M. R. Rhoads. Earita Rosa: Mrs.
M. A. Walker. Favette: Mrs. Thomas Foley,
New York; Lillie Herndon. Cache Creek; C. B.
Braw, Paterson, N. J. ; Marie Heaton, C. H.
Heaton. 4 Healdsburg; Mr. and Mrs. Harlon and
son. Geyser Peak; Mrs. Bemner, MIes Bedwell,
Missouri; "Joseph D. Bailey, Willows; Ammie'
M. Hacke, Palo Alto: Estelle Rulin, Indianapo
lis, Ind.; D. E. Behlow, R. E. Behlow, San
Francisco.
Colo.— Miss L. B. Rhodes. Miss E. M. Thomp
son. * Santa Clara — Mrs. ¦ Albert . Harris, . Miss
Miriam Harris. Miss Harris. Mrs. ; E. " A. Jor
dan G - E. Mitchell Maude Southerland. Santa
Clara— Albert Harris. Rediands— Mr. and Mrs.
E. G. Judson, Harry Judaon. Watsonville— S.
A. Morris, Miss ' Mtchalske. Cupertino— Mrs.
P. C Curtis. ~,Hollister— T. McClpskey. • Sono
ra — Thomas ' Richards. Sacramento — W. ."¦ W.
Douglas, Mrs W. H. Devlin, Mrs. A... P.
Scheld, Miss Scheld. Helena, Mont.— XV.. B.
Hanna, . Louisville, Ky.— Mr. and Mrs. H. L/
Lewman, Miss Lewman.' London! England —
Mrs. Spencer Ashlin, Miss Isabel Ashlln. .
MARK WEST SPRINGS— The arrivals of the
past week at Mark West Springs include: John
P. Adams, R. P. Sather, Charles F. Jackson,
Mrs. C. P. Jackson, H. ,E. Rademaker, James
Pierce, O. M. Sayers. L. Bowens. R.. Reynolds,
H._P. Conway, G. A. R. Mitchell, Miss Mai
Carrel ton. Miss Viola Clark, Robert ' W. Neal,
G: A. Edlund, "E. M. Stevens, R. e: Stevens,
Mrs. Lundborg and child, William Pitts, Miss
L..Cox. Miss M. Williams. Harry Rice, Port
land; William F. Vandwater, Mrs. William F.
Vandwater, Wright Petersen, Robert F. Cook,
•Miss Faut, Mrs. Faut, William Faut Jr.
LAUREL DELL— Registered at Laurel Dell
Hotel are: Mrs. C. R. Gagan, Mrs. Breuner,
Miss Kittle- Breuner, Miss Carrie Breuner,
Mlsa Mollle Davis, Miss M. C. H. Daly. R. D.
Dlxon, Miss Hyde, Miss Katherine Hyde," J.-.
J. Mltchure, A. C. Adams, Dr. J.= W. Henry.
Ivy Rosenfeld, Miss C. Isaac, A. W. Cox, Miss
J. Smith. Miss E. Smith, I\ T . A. Root, Mrs. N.
A. Root. G. W. Dickie Jr. F. M. Dickie. J. D.
Cox, Mrs. F. B. Hogun. .W. R. McTaul, J. J.
Hess, Ed Chedbourne, Mrs. C. W.-Heyer, Miss
Klnsey, Miss Maud Nelson, Miss Maybelle
Smith, Miss B. Nathan, Louis Hoffman. M.
Luce, Mrs. M. Luce,' William Marders, Grace.
Marders. Gene Maye. H. S. Hughes, W. E.
Steinbach. . C. B. Layton, Sam Solomon, Mrs..
Smeade, Mrs. E. Dorr, Miss Jessie Stevens,
C. W. Carpenter, Murk Carpietel, J. M. Rob
erts. Kate Busch, W. H. Stevens, John Barnes,
Richard V. Curtis, Mrs. R. V. Curtis, James
J. Geary, Mrs.vJ. J- Gearv, Emil .Judell,
Johnston Walls. Charles R. Gagan.
SUMMER OUTING OF SOCIETY
>>¦— — — _j;HE opening of the Empire
* ~~P~~\ — Company at the Columbia on
rf 1 Monday evening: last was the
(v 1 occasion of several large
\\-A*4 theater parties. Mrs. Eleanor
¦' Martin was hostess at one or
the parties, entertaining- her
guests at dinner previous to the perform-;
ance. .. .
Miss Margaret Anglin. the'leadlns lady
of thfc Empire Stock Company, has been
extensively entertained during her stay
Jn tills city. Miss Anglin came to town a
week previous to the opening night and
during that week visited Mrs. Jack Cass
erly at her place at San Mateo. There
were many dinners at the Country Club,
Burlingame, in honor of the lady, and a
most delightful affair, a moonlight ride
iriven by Walter Hobart and followed by
an elaborate supper at the Hobart place.
On Thursday last Mrs. Casserly gave a
luncheon at the University Club in honor
». of liiss Margaret Anglin.
Engagements.
The engagement is announced of Mrs. Leti
tia T. Sawyer to Robert C. MeCIure, a prom
inent wholesale merchant of Syracuse. The
v-ednlrusr will take Dlace at the Sawyer resi
dence. 2414 Pine street. August 14.
The engagement is announced of Miss Eve
lyn M. Katz and 'William B. Waterman, both
of this city. At nome Sunday, August 18, at
1S32 OTarrell street,
Mr. and Mrs. I. ICpvinsky announce the en
"cagement of their daughter Bessie to John
Lefkovitz. They will receive their friends to
day from 2 to 5 o'clock, at their residence, 220
Seventh etreet.
The engagement reception of Miss Josie Stein
and Eigmund Beck will take place on Sunday,
j August IS, at 607 Grove street, from 2 to 5
P- El.
The redding of Miss Minnie "Webster and
Bernard J. Joseph has been set for Sunday.
August IS, at 3 o'clock p. m. It will be a
quiet home affair. .-
Pretty Wedding.
One of the prettiest weddings of the season
•was that of Miss Jennie Hooper and Dr. W. A.
Brooke, which took place last Tuesday evening
«.t the home of the bride, 2613 Octavia street.
Only relatives and intimate friends were pres
ent. Although the Invitations to the cere
mony were limited, elaborate preparations had
been made. The home was converted Into a
perfect bower of flowers. In the drawing-room
¦where the Ilyemony was performed, choice
white blossoms, palms and ferns were used
exclusively. In th« bay-window, under an ex
quisite pendent marriage be-11, the bride and
proom took their position when' Rev. Dr. Hemp
hill pronounced the solemn words. which made
them one. Little Harriet and Otis Hooper,
niece and nephew of the bride, were the ribbon
bearers, and Naomi Hill acted as flower girl.
The bride, who is the youngest daughter of the
late Mr. and Mrs. Henry Otis Hooper, and sis
ter of Dr. Harry Hooper, looked beautiful In
an exquisite gown of ivory silk. The skirt
was made en train and the corsage trimmed
with rare old lace. The veil was fastened to
the coiffure with a spray of orange blossoms.
The groom, a prominent young physician, has
been very successful in the practice of hi# pro
fession in Sacramento and Placer counties. He
is the son of Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Brooke of
Sacramento.
From the mountains or seashore will find
in Camelline a certain specific for restor
ing the complexion and removing all
traces of tan, sunburn, etc. ?
Ladies Returning
Socials and Parties.
Mr*. Plevin tendered a very enjoyable party
to her son George at the residence of his sis
ter. Mrs. Ernest, 1C3 Diamond street. Satur
day evening. August 3. Those present were-
Misses Pearl Willis. Eva Smith Emma Dulfer
Mabel Simmie. Laura Dakln. Alice Arnott!
Dora Mullens. Hazel Garner and Pearl Reiser.
Masters Frank Dakin, Alfred Butler, Ray
mond Kern. Joseph Robinson. Isador Band.
I Herbert Voltman. Roy Jeffress. Fred Mullens,
Xorir.an Short and George Plevin.
A rleasant birthday party was given by Mre.
Bprtfca .Goudy on the anniversary of her 36th
birthday at her residence, W20 Powell street.
The floral decorations consisted of American
Beauty roses and smilax. An excellent musi
cal programme was rendered and a sumptuous
rrast served. The guests present were: Mrs.
Marie Walich. sister of Mrs. Goudy, and her
daughters. Misses Lizzie and Elsie, and Mas
ter Ado'ph, Mr. ar.d Mrs. Wilkins, Professor C.
L. W. Gerer of Cincinnati. O.; Miss Lulu
Bellser of San Diego. Mrs. C. Linck. Kashvill«,
Tenn. ; Mr. and "Mrs. John Linck, Tacoma,
Wash.; Miss Minnie. Bellser, -San Francisco;
Mrs. A.- Harris and Miss Florence Harris. Mr.
'and Mrs. Maxwell and her daughter, Miss El.
Us Maxwell, Mr and Mrs. Johnson and daugh
.ter Edna, Mr. and Mrs. Goodwell and daugh
ter Hilda. Miss Clara and Miss Burta Frank
lin, Professor Clarkson and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
Dr. Crowley, Professor Metzpeth and wlfe.'wr.
and Mrs. Wilson and daughter Alice and son
Arthur, Mr. G. T. War. Mr. Wilfred Kitchen.
Mr and Mrs. James Kllpatrick celebrated the
tenth anniversary of their wedding at their
residence 937 Poplar St., Oakland, Tuesday
! evening? July 30. -A" large number of well
j wishers' were present and a most enjoyable
evening waa snent. Miss Mamie Roland gave
several selections on the .piano with rare abil
ity, and the singing of the Misses Harold, Mrs.
Bradway and Miss .Jennie Stanley was excel
lent. Miss Thomas did a cakewalk in good
style. The feature of the evening was the
cakewalk participated in by Miss Harold and
Mr. Kilpatrick.
. After an outing at De Vota Villa, Novato.
Miss Birdie Marks of 216 Hyde street was ten
dered a surprise party upon her arrival home.
The evening \vas epent In games, music and
dancinjr, after which a delicious repast was
partaken of.
1 The thirty-fourth musical and hop given by
the McKenzie Musical Society will be held on
Thursday evening. August 15, at Odd Fellows'
Hall. The following excellent programme has
been prepared for the occasion:
Selections, orchestra (Dibben): "Moonlgiht on
the Lake" (White). McKenzie Musical Society:
i"Golden Love" (Sullivan). Maud Seger; "Queen
of the Earth" (Plnsutl). W. G. Baudoin; "Cu
ban Dance." Paloma Quartet, Lily Laws,
Ethel Carroll. Millie Murray, Eugenia Breit
engxoss; "Legend of the Bells," "Cloches des
Cornevllle" (Planquette), Julia White and
McKenzie Musical Society; "Narcissus" (Nev
in). (arranged by McKenzie), McKenzie Mu
blcal Society; I "Only .to See Thee Smile".
(Strelezki). Clara Sprauer: "Minstrel Boy,"
Master Donald Cameron ¦ and McKenzie Musi
cal Society; "Hunky Dory March" (Holzman).
(by general request), McKenzie Musical Soci
ety. . ¦ : . ¦ - ;¦
: The ladies or the Informal Lunch Club were
entertained at an Indian luncheon on Thurs
day. August 1. 'by Mrs. C. J. Lancaster of 1721
Central avenue, Alameda; • Decorations of
palms were used in the reception hall and par
lors. The wa'Is of the dining-room were cov
ered from floor to ceiling with cornstalks on
M'hich many Indian curios were displayed. The
menus were of burnt leather on which the
monogram of the club was burned with pretty
effect. " The ladles present were: Mrs. TV.
Gilbert. Mrs. G. Moulin. Mrs. O. B. Caldwell
Mrs. S. P. Messick. Mrs. A. V. Lancaster, Mrs.
M. Case. Mrs. J. EHison. Mrs. E. J. Crowell,
Mrs. J. Hardy, Mrs. C. J. Lancaster.
¦ The Primer and Premier clubs jointly gave
their initial party Friday evening, August 2.
at' the residence of Miss Jeanette Morse,' 101
Hyde street. The dance hall was appropriately
decorated for the -occasion and tiny Japanese
lanterns mounted on cards were distributed
amona the guests as souvenirs. The evening
was pwasantly spent in singinc, dancing and
frames./ Shortly before midnight all repaired
to the banquet hall, where covers were laid for
fifty. The 'tables, which were elegantly deco
rated, were presided over by Miss Blanche Cnl
lahan. Miss Lottie Brockhoff and Miss Millie
Blum. ' Among the invifd guests were: Ma<*
Pabel. Lillle Kayser. EdJth Nelll. Lillian Nelll.
Lottie Bockins. Sprah Galindo, Amelia Galindo.
Jep.nette Morse. Lulu CVDea, Mildred Lynam,
Maud Kraker, Ida Buzrini. Mertie McDonald.
Huth Bockins.. Dolly Samrow of Oakland.- Lora
Custer. Lavina Symons. Lucille Morse. L'U'.an
Fink. B«by Randohr. HuM Breslauer of Chico,
Mamie Kraker. Blanche Callahsn. Lottie Brock
boff. Chester Thurston. Frank Beniamin, Henry
Soto. Frank MaoFee. Charlie Benjamin. Edwar
Lynam. E. Scheller, Paul Sleek. Grant liaising,
Raymond Cederbloom, Ix?rln Kemp. M. Ryan,
Paul- Angelo. Klg'n GUlet. C. Freeman, Abe
Rabel. Gus Ga'lndo. Claude Harding, Jake
Mrrasch and Milton, "White.
Miss Freda Brgttzmann entertained a num
ber of friends on Saturday night last at. her
summer home in Belvedere. Mis^s Delnhlne
Jennings and Miss Grace Lester assisted^- the
hostess in receiving her guests.
A dinner was riven in honor of Miss Sylvia
O'Loghlen last Monday evnlne: at the resi
dence of Miss Constance Smith. 14*7 Geary
street. The parlors were artistically decors ted
with American Beauty rosrs and smllax. Mu
sic, dancing and Kames. folio-wed by an elab
orate menu, helned to make th-5 evening; pleas
ant. Among those present were the Misses
"Sylvia Mclx>chlen. Constance Smith, May
liowney, Dolly Seymour, Crenle Power. Violet
Graham and Messrs. Fennimore, Hastings,
Burris, 'Welsh. Hajrgen and.Earle.
Personal Notes.
Miss Nellie Grandfield and Miss Mamie Fol»y
are spending their summer vacation at Guerne
ville. .^. ¦ ' ¦ ' '' . ' ' - : .
J. L. Radovlch. has gone to Lake Tahoe. He
THE SAN TRA^CISCOVCALL^ StJ^bA^,3AUG1JSt 11, 1901
26
Delightful Surroundings arw *\VITTFI?
Excellent Accommodations at ii 1 1 1 L i\
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTT. CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach, Liver, Kidney,
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
eands Cured. '
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from Ukiah.
. EODXET McCORMICK, General Manager.
" Call or address. •
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY.
Upper Lake P. O., Lake County. Cal."
Main Office & Water Depot. 918 Market, r. 64.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Runnlnp directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove^ Lowest rates on the market.
EpecJal rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2hi hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day,
arriving at Tos>»mlte Valley 5 p. m. Send for
Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE. Gen.
Apent, 630 Market et., oppoelte Palace Hotel,
S. F.: tel. Black S571.
n is a /"*/¦*« HOT springs, eonoma
¦V/T Skills rV Co - onl 7 <H hours from
U/lnUwU Ban Francisco: but 9 miles
staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
ir.a!l end express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning find afternoon stages; round
trip from P. F. only $5 50. . Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 8.30 p. m. •Terms, $2 a day or
£13 & week. References— Any truest of the past
Bis years. Further information «t Traveler of-
flee. 20 Montgomery St., .or of J. F. MUL-
GRETW. Skaggs. CaL
OWN A HOME IN T r F^ A L u CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker. $30
up: boatinsr, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postoffice at camp: board
end lodging tS: take Sausallto ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER.- or H. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Sd and Townsend 9 a. m. and 2:45
p. m. dally. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Prop.
ben Lomond.
Park House Jn the Santa Cruz Mountains: 6
minutes from station; fine scenery: fishing,
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. MRS. I. N.- HATES.
SOLID COMFORT flQME^f! veI fooo :j K
altitude. No foe: climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. ' Hot, cold ' baths.
Hprins water. Rates. $7 week up. Stage meets
train. BCHULER & SCHEBEN'. Napa. Cal.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Cropsing). on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral" baths near by. Terms
SI per day and upward. PETER GOCILHAK-
DOU. Lessee.
LA UREL DELL LAKE.
Moft attractive place in Lake Co. to spend
a vacation. Boating, bathing, bowling. *#tc.
Accommodations for 250 people. Write for. dr-
cultr. Edffar Durnan, Laurel Dell, Lake Co.|Cal. #
2TEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SANTA CAT S ALINA ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The SpcrtFman'a Paradise.
HOTEL- METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent. {
• • 10 Montgomery St.. San, Francisco, *
Or BANNING CO..
122 South Sprinp St.; Los Angreles, CaL
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats: excellent table: climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee. In' an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler orflce. 80
Montgomery, or: MRS. H. M. CLEMONS, N
Truckee. CaL . ,
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
2H hours" ride from S. F. ; S miles from Va-
llejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
pia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing;. Dancing Pavilion. 1$ to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. V«llejo. Cal.
For rest and health |^ THE SIERRAS
near Colfax on o. P. RrR. Elevation lust right-
2iuO ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No *tagins;%ood
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Springs, Colfax, CaL
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort. on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Katee, (rand $2 CO per day; $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St., or
address EDSOK BROS., BesWick, Slskiyou
County. CaL
VtCMT SWrtlNCS. -
• The only place in the United States where'
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electrio Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
• ';. • .. Proprietors.
~ MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Rare sport
during the deer season. ' Pack of hounds,
swimming and fine table. Address VIC PON-
CELKT. Llagas. Cal. .
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT • SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs
via Lakeuort. carrying passengers for Lake-
. port »nd Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
.12:80; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for thl«
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. .Passenzeni for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call . for • tickets by Bartlett Springs
¦' Stase Line. < '. • v ... .*.
- --, . MILLER & HOWARD, Proprietors. ' ':
PLANTATION HOUSE-Eighteen miles from
Cazadero, on stage line. Good trout fishing
plenty fruit, cream, milk, free conveyance for
parties of 2 or more;, grand redwood scenery
Address J. Luttringer, Seaview, Sonoma Co .or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front St.. for particulars.-
THE LAUREL. Los Gato>— First-class family
boarding-house: home 'cooking; beautiful
fcurroundings; 5 minutes' Talk, to town. Terms,
M to $10 a week. .. Piano. References. > MRS J.
.McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON, Props.
Quinine and rum and a, whole. lot of oth-
er things are * pleasant , to 1 rubon'the scalp
after washing it. t fee of but j not
one preparation' of the-general run .cures
dandruff and'falling hair. necessary
to kill that germ to be permanently "cured
of dandruff and to^stop falling', hair.^ New-'
bro'sHerpicideC:- will, positively -destroy
that germ, so. that .there can* be no more
dandruff : and ;'so : that the hair - will grow
luxuriantly. "Destroy tUe cause, and you
remove the; effect." . : ,
and Cures Baldness.
Dandruff Grefm ; Permanently
Newbro's Herplcide' Destroys the
EVERYBODY DELIGHTED.
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
Many'
Excursions.
fHere are a few— only a
few-of the ROUNT> TRIP
rates from Ban Francisco
eoon to be offered by the
Burlington Route:
L0UISVILLIL..S77.5O
August 20 and 21.
CLEVELAND...S82.50
September 5 and 6.
\ BUFFALO $87.00
August 22 and 23.
September 5 and 6.
Through standard sleep-
ers dally, San Francisco to
'-.-."•'¦~:-\ Chicago. Tourist sleepera.
Tuesdays and Thursdays' —
Omaha. KanBas City, St.
Louis and Chicago, mak-
ing direct connections ~ in
latter city with similar
cars for Detroit, Buffalo
and Boston.
¦Write or call— we'll gladly
give you full information
about rates, limits, stop-
overs, etc. J
The special advantage cf !
• - going East via the Burilnaf- j
: . ton is that you see all the
world-famou3 scenery of
the Rockies end yet make
almost aa fast tirna as trie
PlSrSSi W. D. Sanborn.
l^m^-iilll General Ascent.
rc#ii i 'iH^fi l ar ' Ket Street.
jfi^gy^j^l San Francisco.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Parry,
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45 *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00. '10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. »l:30^ 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trainr. marked <*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«5:25. 6:27, 7:47, 8:33, 10:13
a. m.. *12:25. 1:15. 2:20. «3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNr>AYS-6:15. »8:00. 9:45. 11:00 a. m.. 17
m.. 1:00. 2:15. *3:3O. 4:30. *5:45. 6:45, 7:30. 10:U
P Train» marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a m 12:35. *:«* 2=45. »:SO. 5:10. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. \
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:13
1-20 2 30 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p.m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way ata-
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. rn. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10 a.- m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way sta-
tlons. ' '
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. '
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:03 p 2:SS p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a.
" Vlsalla... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
," Kan City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago..... 2:13 p 9:00 p
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. , Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers.' No second-clasa
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday, v -
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally. . '
' 8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
' through ' Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out. at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:35 p. m.
daily.
¦7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopplnp at
all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m.' dally.
Of flees*— 641 Market street and in Ferry '
Depot, San Francisco; U12 Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦ :
. / '¦¦.<¦¦,:...--..-..- • . , ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. '" y^' TU SMiaUia rtrry— r«ot of Market St.
•f3X« ••••»¦*»• ai»«4V« u* raaa.
WstJLi- — WEEK DATS $ ¦**» J - »<•
8:00 a. M.I . . (12:13 r. U.
••00 a.m. - 1:14 f .m.
UJ0A.M. ;••** *", , * * 4:50 r. M.
.130 F.M. J . ; OJOF.JC
2J0F. M.J 7:10 r.M.
. Fare, Saa Praaeltaa ta Branaft ta< Uwirn. tl.tf _
Ticket Offices. 6a Market St.. & SanaaHto Perry.
GREAT NORTHERNxRAILWAY,
COOL AND. DUSTLESS.
Daily Palace and Tourist Sleepers. -C-
Dlnlnr : Car. * Meals a. la Carti.
- v Library . Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TKIP RATES TO
-EASTERN POINTS.
E. 6. BLAIR.- Gen. Act.. 633 Market at.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
7r«lM l*ntr win! arm au#> *•» nrrlf* »«
MAM KKiMlsro.
(Main Line. Foot ot Market Stre«t)
IEAV* — Fanu JCLT U. 1901. — ARKIT*
":OOa BenicI*. Suisua, Elmlra »nd Stcr»-
- nieuro •tS-Tp
T.-OOa V»c»rilla, WUte'a. Eamsey ?>3or
7t3«* MarUi>ez..SaaU»iiiuD.ViUlejo.N*pa.
C»li«:i';aaiid,Sniit* Koss 4i23p
8:0» a Davis. Woodland. Knig&ti Landing;
MarjSTille. OroT|:j«.. 7iS.1p
8:OO» A>l%utiu Kzpreas— Ogdfin and Bask 12:2."J?
Ki»«a KHea. Lmthrop. Stockton ¦Ssa.-Vp
»i»»jMH Mcndofat, lUnfonl ViVilK -^-T
fartorTlllo 4:33? V '
SiSOa Shut* ExpreM— DatU, WilZIsou (fox
Bartlett BprinssX Willows. Red
Blufl. Portland... „ 7sB3r
•¦SO a Situ Jim, i.itr-nnorn. Stachtou.
iniie. Haorkmsutu. Plarcnllla, '
Xl.rymilV, Chico. ICed Itlult 4i33p
SiCOa Oakdala. Chineso (Ycsemito), 80-
nor*. C»rter» 4:25p
ViOOa Hajrw&rd, Ililrt aud <7ar SiaUona.. I IiSSa,
»«*»«a Vallejo lv«asr
•>««A Los Angeles Expreas — Martinaa,
Trier, Lathrop. Stockton. Merced
Frosno and L01 Ac Rules 7:2 Sp
9:HIIa Valli-jo. Martinrx ami Way SUHmn ltSi.tr
I »;O t»A Th« OreTland Limited— Ojlso. D«n-
?er. Omaha. Chlca<o B:HSr
fliMWr Sucr*ment<> Hirer Steamer* 1.1:Di>a
8i8»r Hajwwd, NUrs and War Buttons.. 7>i»r
4i»Or HeuicU. Winters. Saorawenta. , . : :¦*
Woodland. KnlghU Lasdiuc,
M»ry»»ille, Ororille I«:3Sa
«t*«p Vartinm. Nail IUiuoii. Valiejo.
Nup*. (^lintiin. Miuitk Itoga •tS.1.%
4:O«r Kilos, Li»ennore, Stockton, liodl... 19>33r
4•S«»rH¦r«rard.^lle^ Halt .lose, Lirtrmoro t"*:.'»5*
4:3»p Port Cost*. Tricy, La:brcp, StockWa . 10£Ua
SiUOrXhi Owl Limited— fieauo, Tnlaw^ ~c
TUkenfleld. Uatigna for Sauta Bar.
bora. Loa Anselea SiSSa
atOttf Majllntt. Antiocb, Stockton. Mor-
oed, Freamo ISiXSp
' »»O»p Tosemito I2t£3p
•i3ftpKew Orlsana Eipre«»— MendoU,
Fresno. Bakenftsld. Los Angelrs, .
l>=mlnst. El Faao. Kaw Orleana
and East Tt.iSa
•s««p Hajward, Nile* and Sao Joie 7>33*
f«iO«p Vallsjo 11:23*
•lOOr Oriental JJall— Ogien, Cbfjenn*.
Omaha. Chicago 1 2 .2.1 r
•>OOr Oriental ilaii—Ogden. Denver.
St LouU. Chiomo.. 4:B3r
. li««r Oregon aud CalUurul* Eii>r«M.Ha«.
riuiientii. UarjiTllIe. I(««I<IIiik,
rortlnml, rugek Mound and Kast SiSSa
I'MfBtn Pablo, Pi.ri Cotta, Martinu
andWaf dutloun HiSS* ,
llriWf Vall^jo 7»».-tF \
/COAST LINE (Harrow UaB K .>. ""^
(Foot otll^rket Street.)
17*4Sa 8anU Crnt Etcursioa to tiaaU Cnu
and Principal Way Stations JS:05»
¦tI3a Newark. Ceiitertille.daa Joae.Felton.
Boulder Cnek.Santiv Oruz and Wai
HUtiona StSVV
fti 1 »» Newark. Center* !llt>, Ban Jose Nhw
Almadao, Felton, Ronlder Creek,
8anU Cnu aud Principal Wai
SuUols int.iAA
4iIAr Newark. Man Jrate. I.ob Gatoa....... t*"-* 1 "*
««tl8r Qlenwood.B<ro:der Creek. BmUCtm «»«»»*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
f»a Sli faASCIiCO— Fwn *T nuUt Striet (Sli? $)—
T1-.15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 1:00 S:1S'.««.
ii.»onu»a— r«i *rif*iw*j.— t« ; oo t»:oo tS:oa
10:00 a.m. 12.03 a:C3 4:03p.m. __
COAST LINE <H road dance).
(Third and TownMud SU.)
«i»«a Ban Joae and Way Ntationa.......... •»¦»•*
? 7:«Oa Ha« JmmiiiI Wa» SuUoua— ...... ¦•*"»
/7»««a New Aluiadon •••?• /«»»•»
J7*aUA Sunday Kicursion for San Jc»a.
BanU Crux. Vtd&o Grow and
Prindpil Way Statioua I»»3»»
M«aR>u Jm Holli»ter. 8aut» Cr«ju
p.elnc (!m.«, aaJinaa. 8aa Lota
Obiapo. BanU Barbara and Pria-
dpailHtermedlateMUtloiia 7iS0»
1«iSOa Sao Jc»e and Waj Stattona.. Js30»
i 1 1 iU«a Hau Joae ami Way HUUoua ........ Bi3»f
ta>4& v San Matoo. Uedwood. Vcolo Park.
Palo Alto. Han ta Clara. SwiJom.
Bolllster. SiuiU Cruz. Sallnaa.
- Monterey ami Paoliie drove 110:13a
•if tp 8an Jnse. Tres Pines. Santa Cms, ¦-
PacUlo GroT9 and Way SUlloin 4:l«p
fti* 8 ' San Joaaiuwl Principal WayStittiona »:43»
»<«er3sn Jose. Lo» Gatoa and Principal .
Way Stationa ».. f9xOOa
0«30 p San Jose and Principal Way fltntlona Si SO a
Kedwo;d, Han Jo•^ Gilrpj. Sallaaj,
Santa Birbara. Loa Angeln lOiMa
•JtXApSan Joae aiui Way. SMtiona ?•:«'•*
«Tlli45p 8an J«ige anil Way Btationa 7»3«y \
A for Uoruiuc P for Afternoon.- J^f
t Bnnday exeopted. I Sunda t onlj.
O Saturday only. . « Monday.
« S*tarday ao 1 Bcnday. J Taeadaya *a<J Trlil^r*.
HHnH3BHBHHHE«aBBH3SHa3aHSHSS3S32!SSS22Baa312Sl!
¦ ".'' • \ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦' : - • "¦¦ ¦
I Dry Goods **ll|g|fti Compatvy.
|pRE55Q0dD5.
I NEW MATERIALS.
h EXCEPTION A L VA LUES.
I FALL AND WINTER WEAR.
1 GOLORED. BLACK.
" Melton Dloth Suitings «7 en woolen crepe de chine
$ 7.5o PEA u de gant
B Ppan dp Rant *-,**' ™®tm woolen popuns
¦ ¦¦iSiL-S:- $ 7.50 GRANITE SUITINGS
S n rQnl * fl cm,,™ ™E CROISEE SUITINGS
B Granite Suitings — $5,00 prunella cloth
¦ . A11 W ° 01 (5Ult) -; AT PRICES RANGING FROM
gl a !£li M f»-5l5 $lto$2.5Oayard
S NEW REVERSIBLE SUITINGS, 58 inches wide,
| 91. 75 aVard,
D ~ ~~ u -
1 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
B SE. Comer Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo.
flj UNION SQUARE.
laHBBHBBHBnBBBBgBggH«BB""""B"»»»"""B"»"B»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAIL WAY TRAV1X.
Always in the Lead!
Union Pacific Railroad
"TDE OVERLAND ROUTE."
Louisvi le and Return...$77.50
Tickets sold Aug. 20th and 21st.
Cleveland and Return.. .$82.25
Tickets sold Sept. 5th and 6th.
Buffalo and Return $87.00
Tickets sold Aug. 22d and 23d
and Sept. 5th and 6th.
Three Through Trains Daily.
Time of the UNION PACIFIC
from San Francisco to CHI-
CAGO Less Than Three Days
Without Change.
DAILY TOURIST CAR SERVICE
PERSONALLY CONDUCT-
ED Tourist Excursions Every
WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY.
D. W. HITCHCOCK,
General Agent, U. P. ft. R. Co.,
No.! Montgomery St., San Francisco.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
FREE! FREE I
HBSFqraranr [s permanently removed by DR.
yHy9K3sSSff»nd MRS. A. XV. TRAVERSE.
SsS^MSl?K Donohoe building, 1170 Market St.,
with the electric needle, without
SL§sir8, raln or Ecar - First sitting free.
Xl||p£v$53 Hours, 1 to ) p. m. Brahman
aKR^'Vjl Toilet Cream. 50c; Brahman Tooth
rT&9 — ifflS Powders, 25c. All druggists.
<^S»«W£aKj t.iirp;e stock always at J. S. P0U3
J Face Powder '
for summer; keeps off freckles and
blemishes. Absolutely plbre. Sample
free. J. A. Pozzoni, St. Louis, Mo.
RAILWAY' TEAVEL.
GALIFORBU NORTHYTCSTEBB RI. CQt
LESSEE,
SAH FRANCISCO AND KOHTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tttourcrt Ferry. Foot of Market S*
. * v Skjin Fran;5»;o to San Unlfoel.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
i 3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p.m. Thursdays — Extra trip
nt 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips. at .1:50
and ll:3D p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 1:30,
5:00,-6:20 p. m. ' . /
banRai.i.-l tr> Son Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:55
¦ and 6:35 p. m. '
SUNDAYS-S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:0o. C:2o p. m.
Leave 5J I In Effect I ¦ Arrive '.
San Francisco. JAprll 2S. 19O1.| San Franci«co.
Week "I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. I days. (Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pin 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
; . ' '- Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor.'" * 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
¦ - Lytton, • ¦
Geyserville. ¦ : - ¦
3:30 pm 8:00 am - Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:ro pml Hopland j 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| S:00 ami and Ukiah. | 7:35 pmf 6:20 pm
7:30 am - . 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm •
3:30 pm 5:00 pm . 6:30 pm
.7:30am 8:00am Sonoma I 9:15am 8:40am
• .-¦•' and- ¦' ''. -¦• ' ¦
B:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
< 7:30 ami 8:00 am| - ..-V 110:40 am 110:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pml Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at 1 Santa Rosa for' Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: -at Fulton
for Altrurla;at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for . Skaggs ¦ Springs : at - Cloverdale
for the 1. Geysers; .at • Hopland rfor Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda ' Bay, ¦ Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at- Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, I Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell • Lake. • Witter
Springs,' Upper Lake, Porno. •" Potter Valley.
John. Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hull ville. .Orr*s .¦*• Hot
Springs. ¦ Mendocino City,- Fort - Bragg,' West-
port;,- Usal; -Wllllts. - Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. -. '. .', ¦¦ ¦ . -• .-.• ..-,,-
' .Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.* '.-. '¦¦¦• --.--•.- : ...¦; ¦¦ .. •/: •;•. •,•¦ .
On. Sunday round-trip ' tickets to all- points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
- Ticket Office. 650 ¦ Market street. Chronlclo
Building.' . - ¦
- & C, WHITING." " " R.-X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. * Gen. Pass.- Agt.Decent Republicans will not give their votes to any one zvlw is thought, to be tinged ivith
Kcllyism. The "support" of Kelly will mean the defeat of the candidate. He is swaggering about
like the bloated loafer that he is, seeking to impress people zuith the belief that he can "handle"
votes. Anything Kelly handles Kelly zvill fry to steal. . Kelly cannot handle any Republican votes.
His pretenses to power in the Republican councils are absurd; his Swaggering assumption!) f au
thority)is ridicidous. . ...
Kelly is impudently shoving himself forward in order that he may impose ' on candi
dates zvho may be foolish enough to imagine he can aid them. He will take their money and be
tray than. . ' . . • -
KELLY IS A RASCAL
Whenever the Republicans have been confident of victory Kelly's, weight'-, has tipped the
scales on the other side, and the Democrats, who know how- best to use Kcllyism, win. . He .has
sjwtehed many a defeat from victory, and yet he has grozvn richer and richer as the party loses.
KELLY IS DISHONEST. ;
He has a Fad reputation, bad from the standpoint of back room politicians, zvho judge from a
very low standard indeed; infamous from the standpoint of respectable citizens.
KELLY IS A MENACE.
Professing Republicanism, he stuff ed ballot boxes to beatM. M. Estce's gubernatorial am
bitions that he might secure the release of a' relative from San Qucntin. Mr. Budd turned the
convict loose, in return for Kelly's criminal treachery)
KELLY IS AN IMPOSTOR.
His presence affronts respectable Republicans, and the rank and file of the party, despise
him. What lie has done in politics has been for personal gain, and not from the motives that in
spire upright men to labor for the advancement of party principles. , ¦; • ;
KELLY IS A TRAITOR.
FHE Evening Post, directed by W. F. Herrin, chief counsel for the Southern Pacific x
Company, has taken upon itself the unenviable task of becom ng the champion of
ihe unspeakable Martin Kelly and all that he represents of evil in the social and political
life of this city, in opposition not only to the , opinion and wishes of reputable Republ:±
cans, but to the well-being of all decent citizens, the Evening Post is striving to advance the
cause and promote the interests of a man whom, in September, it denounced as a creature un
worthy of consideration, an indecent, despicable fellow nhose presence is an affront to respect
able people, a traitor whose criminal dupl.city brought shame to the Republican party, an im
postor who grows rich upon his treachery, a dishonest, infamous politician, a bloated loafer,
whose participat on in our affairs is a menace, and an impudent rascal who takes the money of . '-
candidates to betray them. : •
In September last this was the opinion of the Evening Post in reference to Martin Kelly,
whese character certainly lias not since improved. The Evening Post is owned by the Southern
Pacific Company, which supports the sheet with a monthly contribution, which dictates its policy
and insists upon the proprietary right of dotngfwith it as it pleases. Does President Hays wish
the pecpfe of this city to understand that this is the way in which he is keeping the Southern
Pacific Company out of Politics? Does Presiaent Hays wish the citizens of San Francisco to
believe that he is using one of his engines to undo what decent men and voters have upbuilt?
Does he wish us to be forced to the conclusion that his reform is deceit and his honesty du
plicity? He pan answer by drawing the sting of his newspaper viper. •
The editorial' in which the Evening Post denounced Martin Kelly was published on the even
ing of September 13, 1900, and is as follows:
KICK KELLY OUT.
The Republican leaders should cast Martin Kelly out from among them.
HE IS INDECENT. ; i , . • . v %
PRESIDENT HAYS OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
MUST MAKE ANSWER TO DECENT CITIZENTS
DELEGATE tickets published under f this*heading bear the names of men who represent in .their re
spective districts the true principles of home rule, honest rule and progressive municipal admin
istration under the auspices of .the party. • -. . ¦¦"
These delegates, are" indorsed; by the Republican Primary League. Before going |o 'the polls
next Tuesday every voter should carefully read the names printed on the paster and compare .them with
the names herewith published. Every Republican who is opposed to boss rule should vote the League
ticket X ' • , <
Twenty-Eighth District' '
Thoma* Westoby. N. E. Whltcomb. <i
Fi'ed J. Hopper. ' E. S. Bl«rlng.
Frank A. Schmitz. Walter Macaulay.
Wm. J. Harrington. N. F. Witzeman.
Fred Bolfe. James F. McCaffrey.
John A. Barr. Chris Andersen.
Peter Donovan. - . - *¦
Twenty-Ninth District. ',
J. J. Daughney. ' » P. Farrell. .
J B. McDermott.., J. Naglemaker.
J.'Atwood. ¦¦;¦-¦- . E. C. Havens. ,
A, J. Gallagher. J. F. Kingston. •
J. B. McNamara, Charles H. Martin.
J. S. Parry. J. H. O'Brien.
Fred Hawes. - , *
Thirtieth District
Henry H. Dllges. James Kennedy.
H. Goetjen. — '. N. B. Engle.
S Gianettonl. " ' ¦ William Koehler.
Joseph D. Bertrand. Henry Lemser.
iFadore Erb.- '7v.. John Ryan.
Matthew Harris.^, }' John F. Twomey.
Alfred J. Sadler. ;.' Horace B. Brown.
Thirty-First District ;
B J. Flood • , 'John Ganey.
J.' A. Madden. . C. T.. Qulrey. ,
John W r . Rogers. ' a- H. Wolflnger.;
D Molander : . - "William Tomsky.
G. A. Melslng. , ' . . . D. T.< Herring.
Hugh McElroy. « •.' ¦ G. Nelsori..
Louis B. Bollnsky. 1 ;. . ' - ' ¦
Thirty -Second District \
Thomas C. DufT.- ' '. C. . M."- Erickson.
T. Byron de Witt. - John Klnney.
William Harrington. Hamilton S. Elliott
Mark F. Crowley. John T. Flynn.
Albert W. Lehrke. ' W. D. Getchell.
Walter A- Moreno. - ' ..¦ .* '
,; Thirty-Third District
C D. Douglas.* Richard Smith.
Henry Schulken. John Risto.
John A Weston. " Frank L.- Wacker.
John McCabe. Frank '-V. Pistolesl. ,
Charles Wiseman. Henry Leffman. • . <¦
J Harry Plnkhani. Hugh G. Hamilton.
Jaines F. Kelly.; Charles Mllly. . '.
Henry Burgers. : Gustaf Swenson;
Thomas Cavanangh. . »
Thirty-Fourth District. .
Carl Anderson. ;. Ralph L. Hathorn.,
W W. Chase. -' -. H. G.'Krasky. '
Captain H. .J. Burns. John Tonnlngsen.
F P Duly.-;"." ' E. D. Knight.' .
J • Corbett. -'¦ ¦/" * J. 1 E. Elkington.
F. W -Burnett.' \ F. L.' Walbel.
Clifford McClellan. , Morgan Backus.
P F." Mertes/ ' - '¦ G. I. Raychester.
H- N. Beatty. ' L. T. Wagner.
AH. Menne. ¦."¦'.\ . . E. L. Knowles.
D Nichols. ¦<-.''•. George T. Shaw Jr.
H*. N. Lange.
Thirty-Fifth- District
Cllve A/' Brown. V.', .James Cronogue. .
Robert ' Husband. -- ' • W. W.de Wlnton. ¦
A.. M. Wallem.t ,.• Ivan L. Peterson.
Samuel M. Snyder. XV. de L. Klngsbury. :
H. C. Schaertzer. . •,;. Joseph Lercarl. ¦
J. H. Rawe. v . ;¦ -Thomas R. Hullng.
W. S. Grover. . Joseph E. Lee. »¦]
William Metzner. , E. A. Parker. .
F. , W. Warren. Sam Gamble.
* * . Thirty-Siith District ,
Charles Ellis. '... A. H. Merrill.
W. A.Colwell. -•-..¦ O. M. Ratto /-
James Duncan. A. P. Van Duzer
M. C. Glmpel. ¦".; w. C. Irwln.
H C. Tabrett." .. L. Whiteman.
Robert Ash. - ¦ •> ¦ * ' ' O. P Beggm ' • :
W^. H. Chapman. H. C. Langrehr. i
P. F. Ferguson. W. L. Coles . i'
Sr 95 hB> ! Henry von Werthern. •
W. H. Kountz. J. B Barber. "
«V B i 5 i?' h S ny ; : Alfred, von Bargen. ."'
??¦ £¦ McD evltt. - ; Charles E. Thompson.
M - S; Ta y' or - Gustave Schnee.
H. W. Melendy.
Thirty-Seventh District ¦
G. H. TJmbsen. S.' Bloom. ¦
J. K. Jonee.' • M. J. Kuhl
Benjamin Apple. 1 T. P. Martin
E. W. Strange. Horace V Carter.
J. Halleck Smith. Ell Pinner.
Jacob L. Rapheld. • N. Schlesinger. '
Stephen M.- Reynolds. " Richard P O'Meari.
Charles F. Priest. O. W. Glb'b. .
Louis ; Goldstone. • E. L. Waldteuf el
David Rich. Charles Hlby Jr
A. C. Gribble. . G. W. McCarthy.
Philip Rogers. Leopold Bearwald
Vernon ¦ Upton. ' -.' August Fuchs.
Frederick A. Cooper. Edward R Hanlon -
Thirty-Eighth District : I .
Byron Maury. :' ,' ,.L. Haake. ' ¦'.' ¦
George W. Blum. ' " A. M. J Currle '¦ - -
Mark Sheldon. ; J. D Nolan. ¦•
F. W. Thompson. S. H. . Beckett
B. A. Sammann. . W. R. Cohn
Myrtlle Cerf. •. Martin Berwln '¦•
J. J. Murry. .,, v John ' Gernns. V
Charles' Bliss. -. • >•. Emmett P Barrett'
Joseph Url. • ,." :'- Clark Spence. • »
William, Loewl. '• -'A G Page ;
Ignatz fteck' • D. W. • Burchard. - ... :
A. D. Buckley."- ¦ . P J.. Shanzer •¦»??> ; "'
C. J. McGlynn. , F/ T. Falrcloth. ~ ..\
I." Goldman. -- ,' " ¦. -¦-.-¦ « « . .
¦¦ Thirty-Ninth. District. .
Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr. Epsa H. Ashton !
Jacob Greenebarum. AV.'^H. Conly. '
John A. i Clover. 'Joseph S. Fonseca, ¦ '- '"i
Frank L.- Von Rheln. Marc Anthony • ¦' '¦'' ¦
Wilbur G. Zeigler.- John A.- McKenna ¦
Dr.' A. S. Adler. .' Ralph N Folks '¦¦'••
Myer Jacobs. • .. Joseph Carroll.-."'
James F. Cosgrove. :. Phincas H S. Barber.
James P. Donahue. . Krnest P. Tlierien ¦¦: -¦
Norman W. Hall. • . - H. "SV. Fra«er. ¦¦
W.-S.- Hamilton.- • ; Euffene L. Marshall.
George B. Kcane. Ernest 'A:. Meyer
.T.J. Neubarth.- '¦¦-,-. Jn**ph -Donovan. 1 - 1 ' ¦».£.-t
Fortieth \ District. * • . ; |
Thomas P. Woodward. Joseph *F. Myrick."--:
Edmund Tauszky. B.D Pike' "
W^Tk Frederick Hancock.
¦£¦• V?T^V I !? orn - J - °- Glestlngr. r
A. c. Rulofson. Charles Sutro Jr.
Lucius L. Solomons. S. D. Davis '
Alfred^D. Allan. . J. H. Hutaff
John H. Drumbell. M. Kollmann
T.Erlanser. E. E. Glllen %
Edward Kelly. Leon E. Prescott
H. J. Owen. James B. Sykes. /
\'. H. de, Curtonl. A. L. Well . • >
Jacob Samuels. • H. P Peart '
Victor R. Ulman. W.'j a. Taylor.
; Forty-First District. J - ,
John C. s Currier. - ',.'¦'¦ Herbert D. "Walter
Arthur G. Towne. E. J.' Prlngle Jr "
Charles A. Murdock. ,Irvln J. Wlel > ¦' ¦ '
Maurice Brandt. • R. G. Schroeder ¦
William J. Hatman. William M Gill' -
A. E. Buckingham James W. 'O'Rourka
•Sanford Feigenbaum. . F. C. Selfrldge
H. O. Beatty. ,Ralph C. Daniels " -
Lester G. • Burnett. "- Frederick L ¦ Crosby
E. B. Cutter. ' Stanley Forbes
E. J. Attridgre. ¦ ¦'¦ w^llllani Reston. '
Al on zo True worthy. . O.'C. Pratt .
R. E.: Campbell. John Maisch. . - :
J. E. Smith. H.,R. Hopps. .
William H. Hammer.., .. . .-•^jt^Bws?
_ Forty-Second District.
W."W. Sanderson. ; Melville Hermann.
D. E. Allison Jr. John L- Davidson. ;¦
C. T. 'Deane. : ".;• ,' Norman H. Hurd
H. TV. Hutton. .':-¦ "Charles -Kaufmann. L
Andftw A. Guarinl. -¦ L. C. . Robinson. •¦-•.
George Lowenbergr. , ; ?S.. 8.. Partello. .
Richard J. Cline. , , J. E. Slinkey
E. A. Leigh. : •" "William E. Abadle
R. B. Treat.: • ¦ ".'. Charles H. Ward
A. "W. " Martin. ' : Robert N. Rlsdo'n.
James F. Norman/ > i-;- / ¦ . • •
.. Forty-Third District.
J. George . Boyne. • Charles A. Dumont.
Walter N. Kempston. John D; Wilson;
Frank P.-Shibeley. James D. Shay. -,;.-.
J.- Rothman. ¦ .. -,/ .-John J. West »
John^Dellamonlca.- - 'Joseph. Danerl.
Daniel H. Sullivan. '¦.¦..<¦ Frank > Tuchler. ,
Xavler Mefret. " E. 8. Strauss. "
I.- Ellas. < -V; ' . James D. Hart.' >'•--
John H. Harney. ¦," ¦.:_, ' >•' , : ; • i ¦ '
Forty-rourth District.
John H. Nelson. \ .¦;• Frank ; Marlnl.
L..A. Rea. 'L Charle3 : Wlnkler.
Charles Reed Jr. Charles Heinz.
J. C. Klmball. Paul . L. Moses.
A. Ruef.: - .. ' .Harry. Huff. ¦
George Faber.c >;• ¦ William Warnke. ¦•.'•*
A. L. Baclsralupl. ; ; ¦ - - Cnarles - H. • Somerlad
Walter Collier. f;.. ly - i- ' •• ¦
;¦ i Fbrty-Fif tli' District.
George M. Perine.. -° Victor Olson.'
Robert Porter. .' ,'.-, Thomas A.~ Benson.
A; H.v Powers.- ' . ; . .; Joseph - Barbetta. *
O. • Scalmaninl. - . " 4 L. 'A. -Canepa." > •¦". .
L. : E. Savage, v. •¦¦'¦¦'¦ "
REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT TICKETS
The report "; of .William • M. ' Bunker, who
attended ; ; Com
mercial ; Congress • at Cripple' Creek, • Colo.V
as : the •representative of :.; the "commercial
interests ¦ of this ; vicinity and '; of '. the city
of San Francisco,* has been; placed In) the
hands of -the officials of the Chamber of
Commerce. 7 Mr.? Bunker adds Uo his i re
port, a brief review -of 'his 1 Impressions of
the attitude . with ." which California and
San .- Francisco .' are -' regarded by other
Western; States.^ v- r ,';," ':¦: ;'<•> . ¦-•""'
Slakes ' Report of , Proceedings.
> The Board of "Education yesterday con
tinued to 'relieve the : congested attend
ance in: schools by assigning Miss A. E.
Bryant to' the Jackson School;: Miss N.
Erb to the Haight School. Miss A. Thom
as to the Spring Valley School and Miss
F.-: Fen ton to the Harrison School. New
classes were formed in the schools named
by renting outside • rooms, /and . steps will
be taken , by the I board to , provide ¦ accom
modations In ? all ; schools . that | are over
crowded.' A new class .will.: probably j be
formed in the Moulder School. -*
¦ : The following. circular was issued yes
terday: . V ¦¦ViiiC-^ : : Vy v- -
As the Board of Health has discontinued the
vaccination of school children, they will here
after b« reauired- to":present • certificates of
vaccination at their own - expense from ¦ family
physicians." : In the -case of indigents. the prin
cipals ..will :¦ have >. the * proper ¦ certificates exe
cuted and direct the -holders thereof to present
themselves for free : vaccination at "the chil
dren's clinics of the f Cooper -Medical College,
corner Sacramento and Webster^ streets, daily
except Sundays from ¦ 9 ¦. to •: 10 . o'clock a. m.
Hereafter , certificates •; are .not required to b«
countersigned by-. the. Board of Health. ,
gent Pupils.
garding Vaccination: of Indi-
Cj rcular of Instructions . Issued Re-
EC ARD ASSIGNS TEACHERS \
TO FOUR NEW CLASSES
The British national memorial to the
late 'Miss Mary Kingsley-has taken, the
shape of an African society to propagrate
the study of native law and customs.
The Forty-fourth Assembly District
Club, Republican Primary League, <, will
hold a ratification meeting at Washington
Hall, corner Stockton and Union streets.
Speeches will be made by A. Ruef.'D. W.
Burchard and 7.. T. Capon.
The following closing rallies of the cam
paign under the auspices of the Primary
League has announced for .to-morrow
night: ; ¦:•'.¦, :
The Twenty-elgiitb. Assembly^ District
Club of the Republican Primary (League
•will hold a general meeting at I Young
Men's Institute Hall, corner of Folsom
and Hawthorne streets. L. C. Crane Is
president and E. Hopper secretary. Able
f=p«akers will be present.
The Thirty-third Assembly District
Club. Republican Primary League, will
meet at Maennerbund Hall, Twenty-fourth
street and Potrero avenue, to ratify nom
inees to the convention. A. P. Van Duzer
and A. J. Dannenbaum 'will address the
meeting. • - . .
Final Meetings of Campaign.
As under the law the paster cannot bear
the names or numbers of the district, it
¦will be necessary for voters to. carefully
preserve the ticket or paster sent -to him
by the Republican Primary League.
Executive committee— H. P. Eonntap, Marlon
Leventritt, Emile Bauer. E. W. McCarthy, \v.
H. Crocker. G. H. Cmbsen. Jefferson K; Doo-
Ilttle. Mark Sheldon, W. R. Smedberg, Maurice
Casey, R. H. Lloyd.
Directors— Thoma* P. 'Woodward, David Rich,
Grosvenor P. Ayers. L. E. Savage, A. Ruef,
E. E. Schmitz. L W. Lees, J. F. Cheetham,
J. G. Boyne, J. W. Rogers. E. P. Barrett.
Fir.ance committee — Vanderlynn Stow, W. F.
McNutt, Thomas R. Banner-man, Bert R.
Hecht, I. J. Truman. A. Gerberding, George
Lowenberg. I. W. Hellman Jr.. B. Arnhold",
O. F. von Rheln. J. Eppinrer. L. H. Bone
etell. A. A. .Son, J. Levi Jr., P. .N\ Llllenthal,
C. C. Burr. M. Greenebaum, John L. Koeter,
S. G Denson.
The primary elections of all parties to elect
delegates to tbe various party conventions will
be held next Tuesday, August 13, 1901. The
day baa been declared a legal holiday. The
primary election, under the new law. is under
the absolute control of the Election Commis
sioners, and will be held under the same regu
lations as general elections, with sworn offi
cer* to receive and properly rpunt your ballot
and under every safeguard and protection of
the law. The delegates elected will nominate
the candidates of the respective parties for
Mayor and all other municipal offices. In
order to avoid mistake be careful to preserve
and use only the inclosed "paster," as there
will undoubtedly be spurious and confusing
ticket* in the field.
' REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE.
THOMAS P. WOODWARD, President
I*. E. SAVAGE, Secretary.
Go to the polls next Tuesday and vote the
ticket of the Republican Primary League.
The inclosed "paster" is the official ticket.
Take it with you to the polls and paste It
on the black official ballot which will be there
furnished.
The vast majority of our people object to them
end their interference. Only by our apathy, by
our indifference, by our failure to vote at the
primary election can they possibly hope to ex
ercise a vicious control of our city.
It will take but a moment of your time to do
your part toward defeating the efforts of the
machine i>oliticlans.
This is an ispue which affects all citizens Ir
respective of party. Shall we control our own
municipal affaire, or shall these men control
them* for us?
The best citizens of San Francisco indorse it.
It Is opposed by Kelly and Crimmins, by cer
tain State and Federal officials, and by their
political manipulators from the interior of the
iState, all of whom have become part of the
Kelly and Crimmins machine with a view to
control the city of San Francisco.
Dear Eir: You are an honest man. Do you
favor Kelly and Crimmin6 as leaders of the
Republican party of San Francisco?
Do you want them to contror our loca! govern
ment? If not. vote the ticket of the Republican
Primary League at the primary election, next
Tuesday. August 13, 1901. It is pledge'd, with
out reservation, against these and all other
bosses, and is in favor of a clean, sound and
liberal administration of our city government.
The Republican Primary League was organized
on sound, sensible and practical lines to defeat
organized corruption, and to exert Its influence
in behalf of candidates who will give the city
&n honest, Btrongr and liberal administration.
The following circular has been sent to
each voter in San Francisco, together'
¦with a ticket of the Republican Primary
League in the district in which the voter
resides and the direction as to where to
vote:
The Republican Primary League.
Headquarters. S30 Market street,
SAN FRANCISCO, August 8, 1S0L
Official League Tickets.
In these two districts, the Thirty-sev
enth and Thirty-ninth, as well as in some
others, a bogus postal card system . of
nomination was attempted by which cit
izens were requested to name a person tor
delegate and were assured by the schem
ers that those receiving a majority of
recommendations would be placed upon
the ticket. As a matter of fact the tick
ets were made up by one or two men in
back rooms and made up without reference
to the desires of any voter. The idea of
Issuing the postal cards was to beguile
the voter into the belief that he was par
ticipating in some way in making up the
ticket, whereas as a matter of fact he
had no more to do with it than if he had
not received the postal.
A few slight changes have been made
in the Republican Primary League ticket
as published heretofore in The Call, but
there will be none further prior to elec
tion. The name of Harry Peterson was
taken off the list of delegates In the
Twentv-eighth District by order of the
executive committee and* that of Fred
Rolf substituted. In the Thirty-sixth Dis
trict the name of H. W. Melendy was in
advertently omitted. In the Forty-fourth
District the name of Frank Eade was
stricken oft and that of Charles Heinz
substituted.
Postal Card System.
The plan is a simple one and is intended
to deceive voters at the last moment. The
names of one or two leading Primary
League candidates are placed at the head
of a ticket bearing the designation "Regu
lar Republican Ticket," "Anti-Boss
Ticket" and so on. After the first few
names taken from the Primary League
ticket follow the names of the most pro
nounced henchmen of Boss Kelly and his
associates.
In the Thirty-ninth District, the club
presided over by D. H. Sklllin, which is
dominated largely by William T. Howe,
the son-in-law of Martin Keily. and by
other men of the same affiliation, has put
out a ticket headed with the name of Mr.
Skillin in opposition to the Republican
Primary League ticket, which is headed
by such well-known gentlemen as Dr.
Henry Gibbons Jr.. Jacob Greenebaum
and John A. Clover. A comparison of the
tickets in this district will show the Re
publican Primary League ticket to be far
ahead of all other tickets, both in per
sonnel and in principle.
In the Thirty-seventh District an at
tempt is being made to deceive the voters
by a ticket headed by W. L. Williamson,
the veterinary, and who is not in any
way connected with the member of the
Board of Health of similar name. This
ticket was put up as a piece of political
jobbery with the intention of taking away
votes from the Republican Primary
League ticket and of indirectly throwing
its strength to the Kelly and Crimmins
outfit.
Spurious Tickets Issued.
Apathy on the part of the respectdTble
class of Republicans has given away to a
determination to administer at the polls
such a crushing defeat to the Boss ele
ment that naught but a remembrance of
this polluted political outtit will remain.
The assistance of Rainey. late Democratic
boss, has been called to the aid of this
queer Quintette. Kelly, Herrin, Gage,
Crlmmins and Lynch. The' Republican
Primary League is out for clean politics,
and as it is known to be thoroughly anti
boss spurious "L«ague" tickets are being
issued in every district.
\
EVERY trick and device that pollt :
leal chicanerj- can conjure ts being
"employed In the last few hours of
the primary election campaign for
decent politics, now being waged
by the Republican Primary- League,
against the remnants of the boss com
bination—Kelly, Herrin, Gage, Crimmins
and Lynch, who on next Tuesday will en
deavor to overthrow the decent element
in the Republican party.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGIJST 1 11, 1901^
Driven to. Their Last Ditch, the Allied Bosses Endeavor T:o Palm Off, Under 'a
Thin Guise, Tickets That Bear the Impress of Corruption— The Republican
Primary League Issues Warning to Its Supporters arid Is Ready to Meet Issues
CRIMINAL ATTEMPTS TO DECEIVE
VOTERS WITH SPURIOUS BALLOTS
27
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦H
I GOLDEN GATE !
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE |
S Advance Styles of . ¦
! New Fall Garments f
5 at TEMPTING PRICES. |
S Tailored Suits, Jackets, Raglans, Glen- S
¦ geppy.6j : dFups, Cloth Capes and Skipts. m
¦ WE 'ADHERE STRICTLY TO OUR «
3 ; '.-,-¦ ¦ POLICY IN OFFERING THE VERY . s
jgj Latest Styles - First-Class Material - Better Made at a
j LOWER PRICES THAN. ELSEWHERE. ]
I .....SiSL™ Far Cape $« |
| the NEW ETON :* the jacket and ELECTRIC SEAL CAPE. 16 g
n skirt are very stylish and hand- . inches long, with Astrakan yoke, a
Bj somely trimmed; our standard satin lined,- tail trimmed; market- g
H • finish; a very swell garment; full price $8.50. . B
¦ - value $20.00. '¦ '"¦¦ Tempting price .......?«.oO O
¦ - Tempting price $15.00, . g
¦ NEW STYLE TAILOR SUITS E« tf .'7\n*A ' -tQXA S
¦ at #20, #25, #27, $30. SEE rUf L306 J0*3U. §
m THEM. r ¦
S IMITATION MINK CAPE. ¦
S • RI £J?T E 4. in i. STYLE ' L ° . ? satin lined, tail trimmed; market ¦
¦ in PRICE, than.you expect to price $12.50. 5
¦ find them. Tempting price .#S.5O. B
S $10.00 BLACK CHEVIOT SKIRTS, g
5 „ , att-t^ B «vmiT« beautifully trimmed., at #4.00, g
¦ New style AUTO BOX COATS. , jp-j.oo and #6.OO. - »
S made of fine Kersey or, Cheviot. . ' S
S with Peau de Soie Reveres, fine MISSES' and CHILDREN'S S
a silk lining the newest cut, cor- NEW STYLE RAGLANS, B
S rect length; excellent value AUTOMOBILES and BOX jg
H $i2'to*J COATS.in large and elegant ¦
B Tempting price. ..... .#10.00 variety, from #2.75 to #25.00. ¦
S 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET ST. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAN D OPER A-HO USE.
WEEK BEGINNING TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
FIRST TlfE IN THIS CITY AT POPULAR PRICES.
DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS •
THE LIARS"
A Brilliant Comedy of Modern Society" Manners.'
By HENRY ARTHUR JONES.
Special - Arrangement With CHARLES. FROHMAN.- -
RecDDearance of DANIEL FRflWLEY as COL. SIR CHRISTOPHER DEERING. E.J.MOR-
GAN 1 0 his original role of EDWARD FANNER an d MflRY VfJN BUREN as LADY JESSICA.
SAME PRlCSS .....:!::.......... - - -- .;.:....^IOc, 15c;,25c, 50c, 75c
GOOD RESERVED SEATS IN ORCHESTRA" ALL. MATINEES 25c
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE EMPORIUM. . .... ,
•TiVPLI*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
•¦BUSINESS LIMITED ONLY BT THE:
;. CAPACITY." " : ,
GRANiy^OPERA
Under the Musical Direction of
. MR. PAUL STEINDORFF.
TO-NIGHT vT. " LUCIA "
Week Commencing MONDAY. August 11
TWO' MAGNIFICENT WORKS.
Monday. Wednesday, Friday . and , Saturday,
Donizetti's Great Creation,
LA f AVQRITA,
(First Appearance . of the Great Lyric Tenor,
GUIsEPPB AGOSTINI.,
Cast Includes Dado, Collarriarlnj and Ferrari.
Tuesday Thursday. Sat. Matinee and Sunday,
Verdi's Greatest Opera, -
OTELLO.
> -..'¦¦ . - -.Initial Appearance of
MoNTANARI.- ,
Prima ' Donna - Soprano. Ekalassa, Castellano,
Poletlnl In the cast. .
' GREAT ORCHESTRA AND / CHORUS.
POPULAR PRICKS. .25c, BOc and 75c
:' . ¦": Telephone Bush 9. : .¦'¦'.¦
Week Commencing This Afternoon, Aug. (I.
I :V, : : AN ENTIRE
NEW PROGRAMME.
22 Vaudeville fm H0ME
Celebrities and abroad
First Appearance of the Great Comedian.
GHAS. H. BRADSHAW
And His Company in "Fix In a Fix."
Direct frcm London. .
REMARG and RILAY
Premiere Grotesques and Comedy. Acrobats.
HILL and SILVIANY
Th» World's Greatest Unlcycllsts.
MR. and MRS. KELCY
In Their Pretty Farce, "Uncla Phlnea*."
\ MOLASSQ-SALVAGGI
| Troupe of French Dancers. Last Week.
SISSON, WALLACE v
And Company In "Lava Finds a. Way."
STANDARD QUARTET
, Of Colored Vocalists and Comedians. '
THE BIOGRAPH
' With Many Interesting New Vlew».
Farewell to San Francisco of
ALEXANDRA DAGMAR,
The Most Stunning Woman in Vaudeville.
i -
Parquet. 25 cents, any seat: Balcony. 10
cents: Children. 10 cents, any part except re-
served. A few front Orchestra rows reserved.
50 cents; front rows of Balcony, reserved,
25 cents.
Oft! IIMBIA SA-i nwmscirs
bULUIVlD I A LEADING THEATRE
2nd and Last TO = IYI O T? R O W
Week Bc&ins * W-]»1UKKU ?> •
Last 6 Nights-Matinee Saturday.
ca£ °«*_ «•*"- Charles Frohman's
"A Dramatic Tri- EMPIRE
umph."-Examiner rrrHPATrD
Wei, "w7rth See- JHgATER
lns."-Chronlcle. COMPANY,
"Powerful and Fas- Presenting
clnating."— Bulletin. Henry Arthur Jonet*
Greatest Play
MRS. DANE'S
DEFENCE.
RSSSST' AUGUST 19.
DANIEL »£."
FROHMAN'S ?^,.
COMPANY p|
Including MISS
HILDA SPONG,
, Presenting K. C. Carton's Comedy Success,
Lady Huntworth's
Experiment.
or IT Oil C Begins Next
OLnl OMLC Thursday Morning
STARTING WITH TO-NIGHT. .." ; ' ..
"MR. JAMBS AND THE
NiRTL I neii -l
1 W ff i • M '- J g ~i " COMPANY.
Presenting Mr. Charles Coghlan'a New Rornan-
tlc Play.
"THE ROYAL BOX."
'Evening 25c. 33c. BOc. 73c, $1.09
Saturday Matinee 25c. 50c, Too
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY.
and BOc
Next Sunday Nl«rht. Public Demand "BAR-
BARA FRIETCHIE."
-I SEATS READY THURSDAY.'
To-ni^ht - CAMILLE.
TO-MORROW. MONDAY, AUG. 14 ?
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
FIRST NIGHT of Charlotte Thompson's New
Play, ' .
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
During Act 3 an entirety" new. sensational
dance arranged by - PROF. BOTHWELL
BRpWNE. -
1*1^ Het2B CITY HAk\
• MATINEE TO-DAY, 10c. 15c. 23c.
TO-NIGHT— Last Performance.
Spectacular Production of the Great Play,
V MONTE CRiSTO.
- , Last 'Appearance of James M. BROPHT.
pbirLC Evening. 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c." 50o
laiVCJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 25o
TO-MORROW EVEN'G— The Powerful Drama, ,
THE GREAT
DIAMOND ROBBERY.
FIQrHF'R'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
JPlOl/riM O Admission lOc.
IRENE Franklin, William Norden. Arthur
Rosell and Pearl Clough. Dutch Walton. Gaff-
ney and Burton, Maud Still, Jones and Brown
and ' Seymour and Hill.
- Reserved Seats. So. Hatlnee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
1 . Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
¦ ' " Bathinsr from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m. . ¦', ¦ ¦
ADMISSION. 10c;' CHILDREN. 5c. ..;
Bathing. Including admission. 25c. Children. 20c.--
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. .THE
great , Mexican remedy; gives health - and'
•trenxth to acxual orsana. Depot. "323 lfarkat,
6|lGRAMENjO- 2nf ro|4>
feNNINQ aK»7HARNE55'RaCING,
•¦e8JtlB-HW«nrjB l 3^'
O01.O pONY %
0AIR.Y Contests. \
fop part JEulaps Wriia.
Ged!WJackson.
Of YilfPf A EDDY ST..
\JSL M iWMMJjML con. ma no ff
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY.
ANNIE •'MORRIS,'
• Coon Shouter.
The -Great French Aeriallst.
KALACRATUS,
. The Famous Novelty Juggler.
IONE,
In Poses Flasttque.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
- . .ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES_AND Z00
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW,
INCLUDING
FIVE BIG ACTS
DIRECT FROM' THE ORPHBUM.
'&\; : < SEE *¦
LUNETTE,
:X THE AERIAL WONDER.
THURSDAY NIGW^TBE AMATEURS
1 £¦; ¦'. '-' .' J Telephone '. for seats. ; Park 13.
PALACE
'-.•»i— ;¦¦¦'-• v - These hotels possess
AND ' tbe attributes that tour-
• ¦ .. ists and travelers ap-
/IRANn predate— central loca-
. tlK^ Lrl11 . ' Uon. liberal . manage-
HATFI C - nient. modern appoint*
11U 1 Ul<t>| ments and perfect cul-
'¦, ."". ¦ ¦ sine. - ? . . : \ -¦¦
San American ' and Euro-
¦ , pean plans.
Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 11, 1901.
28
SAJtf FRAJfCISCO CALL. •' •*"<'
BUSINESS OFFICE of' The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third etreets; open 1
until 12 o'clock every night in the year. -
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
200 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
E1S LarkJn Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22S1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tntii 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p." m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreete; open until 9 p. m.
S200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church in St. John's,
corner California and Octavia ets. — Rev. John
Hemphill. D.D.. pastor; Rev. George G. El-
' dredge, associate pastor-elect. Dr. Hemphill
•will preach at 11 a. m.; topic, "Doubt— Its
Cause and Cure." Mr. Eldredge will preach
_t 7:45 p. m.; text, "How hardly 6hall they
that bave riches enter the kingdom of God."
Sunday-school after the morning service.
Christian Endeavor Society, 6:30 p. m.; prayer
meeting, Wednesday evening, 8 o'clock.
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. . cor. Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
Minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins, Minister Emeri-
tus. Tfce Sunday-school is at 10 o'clock. The
morning service is at 11 o'clock. Rev. Mr.
J>avltt will preach: subject, "Preaching the
Coepel"; Sunday-school Immediately after
morning Bervk-e. All are cordially invited.
There U no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Capp and
Twentieth ets.— Rev. E. F. Dinsmore. Minis-
ter. Sunday-school at 9:45 o'clock. The theme
for the morning service is "Prof. Le Conte on
Immortality." The musical numbers will in-
clude a trio, violin, cello, piano (with organ
obligato). by Messrs. Savannah and Wertsch
end Missee Clement and Pratt: a vocal duet
by Miss Marr«r«t Kroenert and Mr. Cahtll; a
violin eolo by Mr. S. Savannah. There will be
no evening service during August.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason Bts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor. Rev. XT. M. Kincaid, D.D.. of Hono-
lulu, H I., will preach at 11 a. m.: topic, .
"The Word." - At 7:45 p. m., topic, "Manly
Christianity." AU are cordially invited.
EMMANEL Baptist Church, Bartlett St.. near |
Twenty-third. Services— Morning. 11. preach-
ing by Rev. Joseph Ellison of Whlttier; even-
Ing, 7:45. preaching by Rev. Arthur W. Rider •
of Oakland.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
elon St., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. S. D.
Hutsinplller will preach at 11 o'clock on the
topic, "Fields of Labor." and at 7:45 on the •
topic. "Variety and Partnership in Good
Work." Good music, free seats and a cordial
welcome for all. ' ____^
TRDTCTY Church, cor. Bush, and Goueh sts.— :
The Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D.D., rec-
tor. Holy communion, 7:30 a. m.; morning
eerviee, 11 o'clock; evening prayer, 4 o'clock; ;
Friday, service for army and navy at 11 a. m.
The rector will preach.
EEVENTH-DAY Adventist Church, 914 Laguna '<
et., bet. McAllister and Golden Gate ave.—
Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock by the
pastor. Elder W. 6. Sadler: subject. "Inef-
fectual Prayer or the Prayer of Presump-
tion." All are cordially invited to attend.
Peats free. ,'
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus^ Christ,
Druids' Temple, Folsom and Fourteenth 6ts. —
Sunday-school, 9:45 a. m. ; preaching, 11, a.
Sunday-school, 9:45 a. m. ; preaching, 11 a.
Smith of the presidency. This church claims j
divine origin to preach the restored Gospel as i
witness to all nations of the near coming of j
Jesus Christ to reward all men according to |
works. I
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central !
block. 223 Sutter ft., between Kearny st. and ;
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m. ; subject. "Soul." Sunday-school for j
children at the same hcur. Wednesday even- ;
Ing meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading room, \
206 Kearny st., room 510. All are welcome.
THE First Mental Science Temple meets every
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in Golden Gate
Hall. €25 Sutter St. New thought subjects j
presented. This morning Kugrene Del Mar. I
editor of the Mental Science Journal of New
York, will deliver his excellent lecture on
"Unity." Public cordially invited. Seats
free. Collection will be taken.
THE First Divine Science Church meets every
Sunday at 11 a. m. at Home College. 3360 -Sev-
enteenth St., near Valencia. Sunday-echool j
at in a. m. Subject of discourse. "Light on j
the Present Financial Condition," by M. E. i
Cramer, pastor.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge Theosophical Society^
Frep public lectures every Sunday at 8 p. m.;
nbject to-night, "The Rationale of Health.'-'
by Miss Marie A. Walsh. Libray open daily.
Class Thursday afternoon by Mrs. Alice Best.
PudIIc is cordially invited.
THEOSOPHICAL Society-Public lecture in
Odd Fellows' building to-night at 8 o'clock;
Fubject. "Building of Form." ¦ . .- .
MEETINGS Sl'SDAY. i
COME & gee C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues., Fri.. S p. m., 50c; you can speak j
to spirit friends face to face,' recognize them; j
pive names: received medals from many coun- !
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 10S4 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkin.
A TEST meeting. 909 Market, rear hall; 1L
free; 2-8, 10c; Messrs. Swan. Matchet. Mmca.
Maxwell. Kotter. Stodard. Miller, McKee, the
Inspiration singer, others.
(A)— I. F. T. Bible S. £. and church. 909 Mar-
ket— 11, free; 2-8 p. m., 10c; Kate Heussman,
8 sharp; Seely, Wilson; officers' meeting.
4 p. xn. .-. - "..<.'• -.'. '
Chas. Brockway — 25c; seance to-night; every
one receives communication; full names; ques-
'tlons ans. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy. The Salisbury.
GEO. F. PERKINS from Chicago will speak.
• sing and grlve tests at SC5 Larkin St., Sth floor.
3 p. m. ; Prof. Gee and mediums will assist.
KATE HEUSSM ANN'S cir. Mon. eve. 25c; slt-
tings Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. 136 West
Mission st., near Thirteenth.
MRS. STODDARD. convincing test to all: cir-
cles. 10c. Sun., Tues.; readings daily. 278 9th.
MME. 'YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister: 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth st., 2d floor.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual meeting. 8:15
p. m. ; bring sealed questions. 305 Larkin st
1IRS. EBERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting.
2250 22d. bet. Mission-Valencia; 8 p. m.; 10c.
JOHN SLATER, test circle, 25c to-night, 8:15
sharp- 1S33 Stockton st.. near Greenwich.
VAN AUKEN. free lecture on palmistry," free
readlnjrs. 8 this evening. 423 Ellis st. - _
. EARL"E to-night: tests, messages, full names
" etc.; 25c. 32S Ellis ft. .
M EETIACS— Universal Brotherhood.
¦UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical So-
ciety. 310 O'Farrell St.— Regular monthly en-
tertalnnwnt and Greek symposium next Tues-
day. 8 p. xn.; meeting to-night for members
only.
MEETING XOTICES.
ALTA Lodze No. 205. I. O. O. F.— -~yigr»^
Initiation TO-MORROW EVEN- S^P^^cSi
ING. Monday. Aug. 12. Members
and visitors cordially Invited. -<mi»«^-
CHAS. O. PARADIS, N. G.
FRANK McDONALD. R. S.
JR. O. V. A. II., Abraham Lincoln G'^t! '^
Council No. 2, meets every f\' I
THURSDAY EVENING in Seveir , JfT»\J«
Pln^s Hal!. Alcazar building. 120 ( '/tC_rC9
O'KerreU st.
I THE St. Andrew's Society will cele- v «y >.
brate the 130th anniversary of the 1% tjtuj
birth -of SIR WALTER SCOTT by '5>X_«
a literary entertainment and social **a_5 |1 *
dance on FRIDAY EVENING. August 16. at
Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin st. Tickets 25c
each.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN, Vice President.
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary. >
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mis-
sion Et., Saf» Francisco. Cal.. on FRIDAY
August 23. 1901, at 8 o'clock p. m., for the
election of directors for the ensuing term,
and also to consider an amendment to the by-
Uw« reducing the number of directors, from 9
to J. and the transaction of. such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close Tuesday, August 20, at 4
o'clock p. m. By order of the board of di-
rectors. M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
A GRAND mass meeting will be held on SUN-
DAY. Ausrust li in front of the new City
Hall on Market sL to discuss the issue be-
tween capital and labor. DR. C. C. O'DON-
N'ELL and other eminent speakers will ad-
dress the meeting. Come one, come all. ¦
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application* tn mine by the hydraulic
rro»*es»; from O. . F. Sloan o.t als., in the Old
Stiff Gra\-el Mine, near Vallicit—, Calaveras
County, to deposit taillne* in Wade's Gulch;
from W. C. Ruff and Manuel Leal, in the
Pouth Honcut Mine, in Yuba County. - near
Bangor. to deposit tailings In South Honcut
Creek; from Henry Hanley and. Marcus Star-
liuck. In the Last Chance Gravel and Seams.
Mine, near Canyon. El Dorado County, . to
5 deposit tailings In Big Canyon, end from Ar--
?hur n. Pride and Robert Bobb. in the Wil-
low Placer Mine, near Bassett's. Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Deer Creek.
, Fives notice that a 'meeting will be- held at
room 59. Flood building. Ran Francisco, Cal.,
on Awi-im 19. ywi. at 1:30 p. m. .
ACESTS WAXTEp. '_" ' .
I AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to eell than books or insur-
. *-ce? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrctt bldg.
¦ ¦'_.;•_-¦¦ APOPTIOJT. : ¦_
HEALTHY infant, for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE.- 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.' "¦¦¦-•
ASPHALTCM nOOFIKG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- ,
paired: postal. 1138 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607..
ATTORNEYS AT LAW..
ADVICE free;dlvorces private;bankruptcy; col-
lections ;attachment««r mortgages; bills of sale;
partneirhlps:deeds: wills drawn;fees low;open
fve>. THURP7ON. 100SV« Mkt.. r.- 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. \\.
HOWE, atty at law. SSO Market. cor.Stockton.
ADVICE free- no charge unless successful. ' W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free: rio fees in advance.
BOOKS NEW AKI) OLD.
BOOICS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like the care of
baby or one or two children. Address MRS.
C. SHIVERS, Ant loch. Cal. ¦ - -
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care: $10 up: sunny yard. 1607 California,
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A FIRST-CLASS Baloon, near theaters: good
fixtures; plenty of rooms; large receipts; if
ycu want a good-paying place at. right price
. call soon; other bargains. WALL TALBOT,
411 Emma Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
A FEW good bargains In well-located cigar
stands and small groceries. WALL TALBOT,
411 Emma Spfeckels building, 927 Market st.
FINE opening for an active man with good
business qualifications; single man preferred;
good future for good man; capital needed $£.00.
. Partner in paint & paper busi. ; price $1750.
Partner In good hotel; price $1500. T '
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st.. opp. Mason, rooms 1-2.
A SNAP to right man; grocery, $7000 monthly
business. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land.
PRINTING business; rental $25 month; ex-
change for other property. ALDEN CO., 111S
Broadway, Oakland.
A CHANCE of a lifetime; fine confectionery
and ice-cream. store, with cigars; dally cash
business, $20; pop. 30,000; can be fully investi-
gated; owner going East; sold reasonably If
at once. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market nt.
DELICACY store, clearing $150 month; well
located; must be sold; owner going East;
make offer. Cal. Business Assn., 865^4 Market.
MILK route business, together with S2 cows,
9 horses, wagons; clears $300 a month; $7200.
DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted; Indoor business;
steady man. McLaughlln & Co., 777V4 Market.
SHOE business for sale; ten years' established;
paying cash store in Stockton; annual gales
$15,000; present stock small; will sell either
Rtock or fixtures; owner leaving State; first-
class stand to add clothing or dry goods. . Ad-
dress box 4695, Call office.
LEADING 6-chair barber shop on Montgomery
St.; fine fixtures and business; first-class cus-
tomers: first-class barber can make his for-
tune; JK00. Call or write 409 Brannan St.,
S. F. Cal.; sickness the cause of sale.
MUST sell at once; make offer on stock and
fixtures of an up to date poultry ranch In '
Fruitvale; als-o a grocery store doing a cash :
business of $300 a month. Box 4697, Call. i
$375— FOR sale; complete outfit of restaurant,
consisting of steel range, patent bake oven,
tables, dishes, ice chest, chairs, etc. : a bar-;
Rain. Call at NEWTON & HARTER, 769 Mkt. ,
$250 BUYS one-half interest in cleaning and :
dyeing business; plenty of business, and need
partner at once. Call or write to Crystal
Cleaning Works, 312 Fourth. Santa Rosa. Cal.
?300 — PARTNER wanted; light business; must
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with $18
to ?2a a week; no experience required; trial
Riven before buying." 25 Geary St., room 1.
$1650 — OLD established corner grocery and bar;
good .location; fine stock; security or real !
estate taken; corner Gough and Grove sts.
BEST proposition in city. $250 profits monthly;
small capital. 1008% Market St., room 4.
$250— PARTNER in old established painting
business. Box 4044, Call office.
WANTED to buy— Notion store -with living
rooms and basement; state price and location.
Address box 461S. Call office. • ,
FOR sale — Dairy 100 miles from S.. F. ; 150 cows;'
now shipping $500 a month in cream to S. F. : :
also to lease or sell the ranch with feed for
1000 cattle. Address J. M. Canty, Grayson, Cal.
BRANCH bakery and- variety store; a bargain. ;
921 Howard St.: no agents.
YOUNG, active man can buy retiring partner's
interest in old est. grocery and bar at in-
voice; experience not necessary; capital
about $900. Apply box 4651. Call office.
WANTED — An honest and sober partner with
$3000 in an optical .business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.; casn" receipts about $1500 to
$M00 per month. Address GEORGE M AY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071V4 Mar-
ket et.. Ban Francisco.
FOR eale— At invoice price, the merchandise
ftore of CNOPIUS & CO., Santa Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Healdsburg, as a whole or each t store sep- '
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa.
FOR sale — Shoe shop: established 17 years;
cheap. 1503 Post >t. •
FOR sale — Candy store and Icecream parlor;
good location; make offer. 230 Sixth st.
BRANCH bakery for sale cheap; sickness the
cause. Address box 4616. Call office.
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for sale.
Address S. F. Call Agent. Santa Cruz. Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. ¦ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
6S-ROOM modern house....: .'.
North of Market st
". Electric Elevator ..;...
Former price $5000; reduced to $3700
Offer wanted. Must be sold
..To-day. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market..
H. C. DECKER ..; ?
1020 Market ct., opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 Years in Business In This City......
Offers for Sale and Exchange
300 rooming-houses. 10 to 500 rms. $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms, $100 to. 20.000
40 flats. 3 to 12 rooms, $S0 to........ ;. 750
50 private homes, 6 to 25 rooms, $90 to.. 2,000
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms. $350 to 10,000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to 8,000
40 grocery stores, $400 to 6.000
20 candy stores, $300 to 6,000
40 ?aloons. $4G0 to 6,000
10 cirar stores. $300 to ...'.... 1,000
BOO other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
100 vacant lots. $25 to 8. COO
' 75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 50,000
6 chicken ranches, $400 to « 1,700
EO ranches, everywhere. $300 to ~14,000
..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
;'•¦ £50 Market st. and 8 Stockton St., ,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phcne Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for alt sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
60 r.; rent $300; elegantly fur. hotel. $7000
B0 r.; cor.; best st. in Oakland; oak fur... 2800
20 r.; rent $60; good fur., carp, and loc... 950
-Money loaned on deferred payments, 1% p. c.
14 r.; rent $40; oak fur. ; boarders 1000
11 r. ; rent $4714: hardwood fur.; reduced.. 650
9 r.; rent $35; nice, clean; house full 300
6 r.; rent v $25; water free; cost $500.. 225
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rooms 1-2.
NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
These are samples. Call at office for list: <v
9 rooms on Post St.; rent $40; Income $80; "
piano; fine carpets and furniture. $600
50 rooms; corner on Geary st.; low rent 2500
IS rooms; south of Market; rent $35......... 450
7 rooms; rent $30; central; quiet...... -300
14 rms.; principal st. ; free water; rent .ISO 650
ATTENTION" Lodging-house' Keepers— 22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell; suit-"
able Improvement for permanent' tenant;
house being thoroughly painted and papered,
¦ etc.: can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgom-
ery Bt.. room 3. . .
ATTENTION, BUYERS!- ¦ : . . "
You may, buy any rooming-house tn
the city and pay for it
.-', v in' monthly payments
from the profits
of ' the house.
Vacant houses furnished. ,
DONALD INVESTMENT ¦ CO.. 850 Market.
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency.
Everything thoroughly investigated; a trial
riven. ~ ; ">¦' , ... • .
McBRIPB- *, CO .'.'...: ¦ I... 1018 Market st.
WE have ligltimate ; bargains - in ' lodging-
houses, saloons, candy and notion stores; also
several restaurants and cigar . propositions
which we can vouch ' for." Call and get our
prices. FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.. \ •
THE . largest and best . list of lodging-houses
"and hotels can be found. at office of '•
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911, '
No. 917 Market st. (near. Fifth st.).
'y?.? 1 '-:'''-: ": '' ; : ¦ :v - 3^ 2 ' - '¦¦¦*'•'"-'¦¦¦¦:¦' '.-:.'.„.
EXCHANGE" and sales office. 321 Phelan build-
- ing; -Income properties, New York, $350,000,
- $310,000, - $170,«00, for exchange : - gold - and cop-
. - per mines," ranches, historical tapestries, etc. ;
Estate wants; registration free. .' ¦ . -
; FINAXCIAL.
PACIFIC "Coast Underwriting Co. ;(inc.)— Ws
-, have 42 offices In operation;, new method of
placing stocks and bonds; - companies " incor-
¦ porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call-
or 'address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldr.y
FLATS TO LET.
COLE., 411, cor. Oak— One flat left; . furniture
• for sale; tiled bathroom " and sink; beamed
and frescoed ceilings; marble steps and vesti-
,bule; can, be seen. between 10 and 4 o'clock
'every day; *• ¦ ,' . '
STAN YAN. 1120 three blocks from Golden Gate
Park— "Height or Ellis, cars; just finished, 3
modern flats, 6. and ,7 rooms. $20 to $28:, will
-eell at-a bargain; easy terms; key at build-
1 ':¦:'- v ¦": - ix '¦ ¦ ¦/.-¦%¦- •.-.V.'-v-
$S— NEW flat 3 rooms, partly furnished, water
¦ free; 21 Holly st. ; Kearnyv and Mission st.
c/Trs pass the floor; £0 feet Mission, opp.-Tbir-
.fy-third and Mission; no children.
,3 9-ROOM flats; all modern improvements; par-
lors, dining-room and hall frescoed. North
side Eddy gt.. between Franklin and Gough.
'BEAUTIFUL new 7. 8 and 8: roof garden: jna-
rine view,, Daily*. 1 to 6, Van Ness and Union.
FIRST. 210. near Tehama— Flat 4 rooms: also
cottage 5 rooms on . Tehama, near First.
FOURTEENTH ave. and N St.. South S. F.—
-'.. Elegant' flat, --6 rms. &; bath; latest impts.
HAYES. 1743. near Park— A modern sunny up-
. per fiat: 4 rooms, bath: $14; water free.
HAYWARD, 2, off Harrison, near. Eighth— A
' lower flat, 3 rooms; sunny yard; rent $9.
MCALLISTER. 190D. near Park— A sunny upper
flat, 3 rooms; rent $3 50; water free. _ * - ¦
MIDDLE ' flat of 3 rooms at 1310 Larkin st.
Apply 1318 Larkin ?t. ¦¦' ' ¦
O'FARRELL, 1S33— Modern flats, 6 rooms," bath,
yard, basement; reasonable to good tenant.
TO let — A modern sunny flat of 5 rooms and
bath;; $16. 2S17 Union st. :
$17 £0— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath.v 571 Hayes
¦ st., near Laguna; no small children. . -
SIS— 5 ROOMS and bath. 1376 Union St., near
•Polk. ; . , •
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th<? Weekly;
' C2l!, 16 pages, apnt to any address In the'
United States or Canada on° year 'nr t\.
, FLATS T*O LET-^-FURXiSIIBD.^^
FOR Sale— The nearly' "new furnishings of a
7-room flat, with or. without lease. 1213 Cali-
¦ 1 1 61 nla st: : no dealers. ' •: ¦
GEARY, 1410— Sunny furnished flat, 7 rooms.
- Call between 1 and 4 p. m.
F IATS \VA XTE D. /
WANTED— Furnished flat of 6 or 7 rooms;,
inuEt.be flrst-clnss in every respect; refer-
ence* exchanged. .' Box 4682," Call office.
Ft'RSITl'RB FOR SAL.—!.
FOR snle— New furniture of a 7-room house
for cash or monthly payments; selling on ac-
count of departure for Europe. A. VERRA,
19 Silver st. ,
I ROOMS furnished in oak, J4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1)31 Market.
$100— FURNITURE, of 7-room flat: dall after-
noons: rio dealers. . 1620 Polk st. -
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent,- 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694.
. ¦ furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CAL. Auction Co.; 14G2 Market — Buys furniture,'
•; merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071." . *
Auctioneer; W.' P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.': tel. Jessie 126: furniture, mdse.. bought.
BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram'»
Auction Hcise. 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 7S1 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1133 Market..
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
FURS- '
| \ 'M
EVERYTHING NEW, NOTHING OLD.
WE £ INTEND MOVING AND OPENING
FOR - BUSINESS SEPTEMBER 2. I AT 219
... GRANT _AVE..,.JVITH THE. FINEST; AS-
SORTMENT OF GARMENTS EVER OF-
FERED TO THE PUBLIC. ¦ ' -
_ ALL RESIDENTS IN SAN FRANCISCO
AND NEIGHBORHOOD ARE FAMILIAR
WITH THE • HIGH REPUTATION AND
CONSEQUENT POPULARITY OF OUR
FUR GARMENTS; BUT SHOULD YOU
PERCHANCE, BE, A STRANGER, WE
CORDIALLY INVITE YOU TO COME. SEE
AND JUDGE. UNTIL AUGUST 31, AT
OUR OLD QUARTERS, WE ARE OFFER-
ING THE FOLLOWING EXCEPTIONAL
VALUES. WHICH ARE 25 PER CENT/BE-
LOW REGULAR PRICES:
ELECTRIC SEAL JACKETS. $17 50. $25,
$37 50. $45; WITH FANCY COLLAR AND
KEVERS, $25, $33, $43, $55, $65. '.
GENUINE SEALSKIN JACKETS, $75, $100,
$150, $175, $2C0, $250. , .
AN ELEGANT LINE OF CAPES TO SE-
LECT FROM, RANGING IN PRICES FROM
$2 SO to $250. '•;¦"--¦ • •
SPECIAL— A NUMBER OF HIGH-CLASS
NOVELTIES, ALLNKW AND SUITABLE
KOR FALL AND WINTER WEAR AT $15.
FUR BOAS AND FEATHER BOAS IN
ENDLESS ASSORTMENT. - SPECIAL IX
FUR BOAS— THE NEW • STORM COLLAR
KFFKCT WITH SIX LONG TAILS, FROM
VIS , to> 35 INCHES LONG, SEVERAL
LENGTHS TO SELECT FROM, FOR $15.
ROBERT WALLACE.
115 KEARNY ST..
TOP FLOOR. "
FOR THE PAST-EIGHT YEARS.
AFTER SEPTEMBER 2,* 219 GRANT AVE.
p|g||||l ¦
' GLOVES/"
D. * F. new $1 glove, retailed et factory price:
warrant»<l: k»nt- In repnir.. 121 Grant ave.
.HELP WANTEn^FE^tLET
AT C; 1 R. HANSEN & CO.'S.". r.V^D4 Geary st.
..".....-.....HOTEL DEPARTHECT..J
2. waitresses, San.ta Mcnica, free fare.'.:.... <23
.4 waitresses, Coronado Beacm . one-half fare."
:./....-. ...-".'.. :.:..¦. •:;.. ..923
2 waitresses. Marj'avllte, fare paid :...$?D
. AVai tress," Napa ....V...". ....... ;.. '........-.. .$20 •
Waitress. Winnemucca. Nev., fare pald...};5 I
;. 2 waitresses, i Alarneda " \ $20 j
. 3 waitresses,- Sacramento V..". ...".." i2i-'
20 waitresses, city ."..-.."^A;. ...'.:.. .....}20 •
V Restaurant waitresses :..".....'..: $7; week I
' .Chambermaid, springs ..'. ."....- ».."..'.. $30 j
. Waitress, same place ...;....:,. ;'.... .129 >
} Waitress, Sonoma- :..'.:..'... ;..... .$20 j
Waitress, Lathrop ...-.."Ji./. ..."."....'... J20 I
Women for general work, hotels. ......:. .•.•.$20
'.Ironers. „ country '.'. .* .'. .... - . . . . . . . ...".'*. .$10
* Pantry woman7 first -class hotel, fare'pald.. $23
'Waitress, helps hall, city./ ..'...::... $25
.:.... ......FAMILY DEPARTMENT...........
Many places;.; in this among
which are. some fox^German nurse girls and
,, . do - sewlnp, house girls, : cooks, second girls.
;< both for citx and country,' Wages $10-$30; call
"and Investigate. C.; R.. HANSEN. & CO., 104
•'.Geary st. • " ¦ ... . r - * . -_. > ; . .
WANTED— Housework.- Palo Alto. $23: Colusa.
$23:. San Mateo. $23; Mill Valley. $30; Sau-
Ealito, J25;' Menlo Park, ;25; Belvedere, .$25;
i Mill \ r alley. 2 in family, $30: Oakland. 2 in
! iarnily, . J30; . 5 , cooks, Gennan style, $30;
restaurant, cook. $31): North German nurse,.
¦ $25; 4 hotelcooks,'", 530: cook,- plain wash, $35:
; 8 cooks,- German styls,' $30; 5- second girls,
! - J20, J2ar 8 -^waitresses, . J20 and S25; city and
!;. country hotels. A > large • number of houss
,. girls for ail kinds of work: call Monday early.
! J. F.-CKOSETT & CO.. ! 316 Sutter st. / .
AT .Woman's ¦ Educational - and Industrial
Union. ,7 Van Ness rave., ¦ English, Franch.
s German, -Spanish. ' hairdressing,' manicuring. |
dresBmaklnsr, violin, mandolin. . guitar, paint- '
¦ring and :. fancy . work .taught .-for $150 per]
¦ month; ¦ singing ¦ and : cooking , taught for . $1 \
per ¦ month. :> v * ; ',. .. «; i
LADIES "wishing- to employ - respectable . help I
please s call • or: address. All ..mall orders
= promptly: attended to. "Respectable women ;
and young girls can secure good positions by ¦
/'calling. 1 "Wanted.. by a. lady; position as house- I
..keeper,; best references. Apply HARBRIDGE •
¦& CO., 323- Kearny St., : room 4. . . •• - .- :•¦";
1 — 7 ¦ . ' ' |
WANTED Immediaiely, ".women and girls to
" work; on "fruit; steady .work;' highest .wages'''
¦~. paid.'- ".California Canneries- Co., f 425 Bran-
nan st." .—.*¦: ¦ : ;¦ :" -. k • '¦ ")'.-- -'- ¦ , , . ... -- -1
EXPERIENCED . canners if or "fruit; steady
; work;. highest, wages., Apply California Can-
neries Co.y. 425 Brannan st..' .
"' '".¦ y .' , '.'-'.'¦': — : £'"' ¦ - : ¦ '" t -. ¦'
.WOMEN- and. girls! wanted,to- work on fruit;
:¦ steady work - at . good wages. - Apply at CUT- ¦
-TING -BRANCH. ;. California ¦ Frul t j Canners* ''
•> .Association,' corner; Seventh ; and Berry i6ts. -¦
A— GERMAN 1 or Scandinavian girl for general
-. housework; and good' plaint cooking. -'small^
. American family; 4 $25. - ; Apply J. Sunday and
Monday at 233 Third ave.; take Geary or-Sut-'
' ter st.; car. and; get off at .Third ave. : : . ¦ \
EXPERIENCED '. operators on - muslin under-
.. wear; also learners; -paid while learnlng.^G.
, ¦ W. : REYNOLDS, 697 Mission St., cor. Second. *~t
HELP .•WANTED— FgM_L-—Con.
1 OR 2 girls familiar with housework (no cook-
- ing),, who want to attend college on econom-
ical basis will find good home free for work
¦ they can do at 570 Harrison St., Rlncon Hill.
$25 TO $35 per week guaranteed; 5 ladles and
3 gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no previous
S experience necessary- Caldwell College of Ora-
| tory and Acting. Hoover Hall. 1327 Market st.
LADY wanted in every city, town and village
to ¦ superintend pleasant business ; permanent
employment: write. for particulars. Box 145,
.Portland. Or. .. " - ¦ . ¦'¦ ':'-''
W ANTED— A .lady bookkeeper: must have
thorough knowledge of bookkeeping; must
come well recommended. Box 4713. Call office.
LADY to sell diamonds on , Installments;
"Tontine plan"; good pay. Call or address
¦ Empire State Diamond Co., 550 Parrott bldg.
WANTED— A' good, steady: girl for housework.
Call Sunday, 2 to 6 p. m.- 1154 Fifth st. (Ade-
line station.) -.- -' .' '
OPERATORS to take werk home. Mission and
Annie- sts. (new building), v between Second
and Third, third floor. x "
OPERATORS to work In factory. Mission and
- Annie sts. (new . building), between Second
''and Third.;. third floor. . •
FIRST-CLASS sewers on tennjs gowns, skirts,
etc. to take work home. . H. FRLGDLAN-
DER. 333 Fell. St. ' . ¦ .
INTELLIGENT, trustworthy woman, over 25,
by wholesale house; no bookkeeping or sten-
; ography. Box 4801, Call office.
WANTED— Girls to sew shirts: a few Inex-
perienced taught. Apply, THE L. " ELIs.ES
CO., 23 and :i Battery st. ¦
GIRLS to learn hairdresslng trade; taught in 2
weeks; entire courae $5; positions guaranteed.'
College. 233 Geary St.. room 35. . .
WANTED— Strong woman, general^ housework
in family four adults; good pay;. apply soon
as possible. 1301V4 Castro st.
GIRL to assist In light housework; 12 or 14
years of age. Call between 10 and. 11 a. m.
at 710 Webster st.- ________
WANTF.U-Middle-aged woman to help with
housework; 'good home; ' small wages. 132«
Fifteenth St. ;
ACTIVE girls to learn laundry, work. St.
Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth -and Folsom.
WANTED— Neat girl for housework; perma-
,.nent place. 2516 Hillegas ave.. Berkeley. .
.WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom 8t. . ':; ¦ . j-
ELDERLY lady wanted at 13S Arlington st.
Call after 9 to-day ; ' - -
GIRL' to* arslst with general housework. 47
Bartlett St., near Twenty-second.
EXPERIENCED driving gloves makers; steady.
CARLSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
GOOD stenographer; chance to work up; Mon-
day,' call 8 a.- m. 1008% Market st., room 4.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking;, paid; apply
Monday and Tuesday. ' 131 Post st:, room IS.
AN elderly Swedish woman as working house-
keeper; light work. Address 622 Natoma st. .
MILLINERY; flrst-'clas3 trimmer and maker.
Apply Wednesday, 219 Grant ave. .
RELIABLE woman, housework and cooking;
good wages ;. sleep home. Box 4719, Call.
EXPERIENCED underwear hands to take work
hcir.c. BAUER BROS. & CO.. 51 Sanson;e.
GIRL to assist with children and light work,
-$10 month. 1607 California St. -,..•:¦-
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
sleep home. Call 1207% Scott ,st:
McDt)WELL'S! McDowell's! McDowell's!
Never In history of our school have we been
- so prosperous, every day . bringing us new
pupils, and many letters of Inquiry; we have
increased corps of teachers and prepared to
| give most thorough course In dressmaking or
millinery ever given on this coast. Visit or
¦write for circulars. 1019 Market at.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on
- peaches and pears, steady employment: high-
est wages paid. Apply AMERICAN FRUIT
TACKING CO., Harrison ave., off Folsom St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
"WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: both
piece and day .work; steady, clean work all
summer, i Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit: steady
work- highest wages. Apply California Can-
; neries Co.. 423 Brannan et.
"WANTED Immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit: steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 425 Bran-
•nirti «„. • -
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
.. ty. F.. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Exnerienced salesladies. Apply be-,
tween S and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED— A srlrl for general housework and
cooking at 1323 Stockton st., near Broadway..!
COMPETENT jr'rl. general housework; stea.ly i
,- place; wag»s *15 to $18. 3221 Briggs ave.. Ala- !
meda. near I-Ifgh-st. station; narrow gauge !
MY a NTFD— Middle-aged woman as working
hcusekreper; light work. Address box 4852.
Coll orflce. s - \» '
APPRFNTICE srlrla for finishing waists: pay.
Sai Francisco Co. Mfg. Co.. 323 Market st- |
WANTED— A lady to do light housework; good
home; call after 2 p. m. 116 Taylor st>
WANTED — A sirl for general housework and
: cooking. 1612 Scott st. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. ?200 Fillmore st.
A RRANCH office for Catl advertisements and
Fiir^rlptlons has been established at . 1008
Val»rn1n «rt. --' . •. ¦
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A—. SUNDAY
.....TO-DAY, 8UNDAY „
» .TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
RallrOHd work ..Railroad work!
Ship to-day. :...:. ..Ship to-day »
...FOR. UKIAH
tt'O teamsters ...±. *.'...-. $2 a day
: 1C0 laborers .' J2 a day
...: ....FOR NEVADA..
1C0 teamsters :... $2 a .day
ICO '¦ laborers ". $2 a day
." ..FOR TRUCKEE
: lf.O laborers .'.".. ......... $175 a day
~ FOR CHATSWORTH PARK...
ICO drillers and headers......" $2 25-J2 50
-¦ 100 laborers and muckers t $2
• -......Free fare . to all the above places
; . ' Office open to-day.- Sunday
I " C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary st.
, AT THE. CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
j ,59 Third, near Call bldg.; phone Bush 4C5.
J V Special to-day. Sunday ".»......
I ". .".....Railroad Laborers .»..-.
j Uklah -Uklah
I ..FREE FARE... ...;...;...
50 R. R. laborers, Uklah. ....... ...$2 per day
¦ EO axmen and teamsters .'.$2 per day
*5Q section "hands, Santa Fe's.own work..::;.
"5H R. R. laborers..... $1 75 to J2 50 par day
¦'.;..:... Office fee. (to-day only), 50 cents."..;...
10 cents office* fe.e-rFtee fare...
.10 tunnelmen y..'.C.W:..l.\".'..t3 per day
10 rock laborers ....... I'..'.......:.. $3 50 per day
¦Sawmill blacksmith — $75, per mo. and board
Boy to assist -, around rooming-house, $4 per
; week, tcard and room; see party here to-day.
AT HARBRIDGE & CO.'S. .....323 Kearny st
10 graders and laborers..:. ..'.:....'... $i 75-$2 50
CO tunnel and single-hand,- men.. ....»...:... .$3
50 ditch and surface men;..'.:.: ...$3 50
I 1C0 laborers," pick and , shovel.... ;•. ~...$2 25
, 25 fruit pickers.. ¦¦......:.:.... :$l 50 and found
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery, .rm, 12.
¦ 5- colofed waiters, northern _hotel, , $30. . ¦
JOURNEYMEN Barbers 1 International Union—
. Free - employment, i 927 .' Market ' St.. . room 207.
.". ¦ 1 . ' LESS, gecretaryy telephone Jessie 1178.
BAR BER3'"" ! - CERTIFICATES-AdelVne Cope-
land. Notary iPublle, will issue affidavits and
| . obtain' certificates for- barbers at room 28,
• Crocker" building.- from 9 a., m. to 5 p.~ m.
| dally during -.the: absence ofthe State Board
j -, of Barber. Examiners. : - ; ,
\THE . Rlsdon '. Iron Works. San Francisco.' will
- . take' as apprentices at. the trades ofmachln-
.. 1st, patternmaker and boilermaker, a limited
number ot.young men between the ages of 17
. and. 18 years;: strong and able-bodied • good
} references.- Apply at office. ;Beale and How-
: ard sts. •" . ~ ..< . *
' BY established manufacturing , house, resident
j manager for general sales agency; salary $1500
;,j yearly, extra. commissions; .of nee duties ex-
clusively; must furnish $20fltfcash;,gatlsfac-
|- T^^^^nci^a^o"^ 8^ Un '° n
I CI n Y r i Ll SCI 7'ce 'Government positiona-About
9o00 appointments made t last year ; probably
.10,000 this year;only.a common school educa-
-' tlon required; catalogue free. . Columbian Cor-
respondence College^ Washington. D. ; ,~
SOLICITORS wanted -to diamonds on in--
stallments: ."Tpntine ' plan" ;: good ¦ money for
first-class solicitors. Call or address Empire
i State Diamond; Co. -.550. Parrott building. »;. .'
SHORT knife cutters wanted.. Call bet 2 and
yt* P-' m..': Mission "and Annie sts.; ; new'.bUUd-
- Ing," between Second and Third, third | floor;
TA tLORS wanted - on- misses' ; and children's
coats. Mission. and 'Annie^ sts.,; new build-
1 ;• .ing, between Second . and .Third. > third floor..
ENERGETIC young-, man, office assistant and
... .stenographer; state age. experience and salary
1 expected. Box 4693, Call office. ,
tODGING ;. HOUSBS FOR - S AI>1C—^Coi*/
TO rent cheap— A furnished hotel in- Crockett;
doing a rood business. McEWEN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st. '¦-. -.--¦'¦¦¦'."" "' ¦'¦•' J 'i'.\
LODGING-HOUSE with 16 sunny rooms on one
floor.- «6 Stockton and 37 O'Farrell st.; call
for.- particulars. .V ; '" - ™,\. - v ". '¦ ¦". .' '.
BARGAIN— <-room bath; S rooms pay expense*.
. Call bet. 1 and 4 p. m.. 226 Taylor st.
/. spiiiiTUAiiisM. ¦ •;, .'-\
A— Mrs., Dr/ Farnham, spiritual medium and'
life readeV; mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,Wed.
and FrL evenings. 1035 Market st. (no sign).
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c eeance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs., 8 p. m.; every one gets a test; Prl-
. vate readings daily. 299 Hyde st.. cor. . Eddy.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, Jl;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell Bt.; Ellis car. '-y
JOHN SLATER— Circles, 25c; Sun., Mon.. Frl. !
.. eves., 8:15; Wed. aft., 2:45; sit. .10 to 4. except
.Sat. and Sun.' 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun.. Tues. ajid Thurs. Tel. Polk 16(^1.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst; palm-
ist and "card reading; 50c. 1007% Market st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, SZZ- McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all. to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY, .
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy. -draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and' success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for_a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled in life, consult ISMAR, for ? she is, a
prophetess of world-wide fame and her name;
has' become a proverb in thousands of homes ¦
rfcaote happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can
be consulted ; daily ' from 10 a. m. to 5 p. 'm...
Sundays by appointment only, at her office." 114S
Market St.. opp. Sixth. By mall three ques-
tions answered, |1. . Full life reading-, $5.
MME. M. BERNARD, V " "
THE FAMOUS
Clair\'oyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third «„ next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de- '
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu- i
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied, in life, or have •domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c -up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. ¦.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
" medium, la permanently located at 1206 Mar- I
ket St.. corner Golden Gtae ave., rooms 25 and |
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar- j
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
i with special terms. "Daily and Sunday. ¦
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT."
i HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeed! when others fall ; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail.
MME. MONTAGUE. _>
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life: gives
names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest pre- i
dictions In love affairs; reunites separated;
not one failure;' letters answered. 116 Turk, j
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant * car<1 !
reader, born with double veil — second sight; .
I diagnoses disease with life readtrter: ladies 50c,
gents Jl: palm, and clair. sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate— Mme. Richards, astrological
! palmist, render of human destiny: never fails;
25c, 50c. 1203 Mission st: phone Howard 2675.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and ,
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to i> p. m.
CIA1RVOYANT card reading at your home,
$1: send pottals to MRS. VANDERBILDT,
E11A- Larkin st ' ¦ . ¦ ,
MME. I.AROSE. best clairvoyant.- card reader.
. test medium: 25c up. 777',4 Market St., room IS. -
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 2.»c.
gents 50c. ,P51 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card-reader from Louisiana;
I only 10c. "262 Minna st.. near 4th.
i CARD reading. 25c up: 120- Sixth st. MME.
¦ MARSEAU. • '
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. BROWN. clairvoyant. card reader:
ladies 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st. " ",
MrB.Mallory, clairvoyant card reader: whpn oth-
' ers fail consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
j MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th..
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up! 5 Fourth" st.- —
I M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
j sittings, 9a.m. to S p.m.; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call." 16 panes, sent to any address . in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
p^FtPC"** paid.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: t«l. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.". 402 Slitter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
BEATING. 8e; laying. 3c; renovating, 6c up;
work guaranteed.vT. R. Co. :' phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating •works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating "Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J» E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth et. ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. StTSIchth St.: telephone .Teg-yle 914.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ' Ingrown nails, warts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF. Strass burger fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N. Y.: Chronicle big., rm. 7fi.'
' COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lrsa successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
: DENTISTS.
A^Dr!~t!~S?~HIGg"iNS, M7 Market F^eetT
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial > teeth,' on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, . $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
cold and porcelain crowns 55 to $10;. teeth
without plate:" painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
¦ ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
' have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platen, our specialty: gold crowns.
J3 to up; plates, extractions free. $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best^ crowns, plates. -bridges
and fillings;' extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 yeara'
experience; no students; .advice free; prlae3.
cheapest and guaranteed; lady ' attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the' Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates, $5; tall set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist ;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
•¦preservation of natural teeth.- 110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co., « Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates. ""'- <
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. -Bush—
Full-eet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. . 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN. "dentist.. third floor. Ex-
• aminer building; formerly In ; Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in. S. F. » Painless extraction,
BOc. N. .Y.'. Dentists. 969 Mission St.." cor. 6th.
-VAN. VROOM—^'Painless" ;. evenings and Sun-
day*. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth. ' '.
SET of teeth without plate. .DRr H. 57
TOTTVO. : 1341 ' Polk st. -•-.'•"
DERMATOLOGISTS?"
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles^destroyeirby
¦ .'Slectroiysis: facial massage with hydro-vacu *
MIPS MILLMAN. IBO Binh Ft.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McC ABE'S DetecUvTXsen^^h^n^leT^irieglt^
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused.: Emma Spreckels building "
rorJns 323-32,4. San" Francisco: tel.. South 381.'
DRESSMAKERS" AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
; Class rates; ' patterns '-cut;- 1019- Market st. ;
ACCORDEON pleating; : country orders prompt
-¦ atttentlon. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt."
"l / EDUCATIONAL. j ~~
A YRES'. Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education ; " shorthand,' typ-
ing,' bookkeeping, V* arithmetic, penmanship,'
spelling, • Spanish, ¦ etc. ; . experienced teachers ;
new typewriters; positions secured; 'cat. : free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand. .'- typing and .bookkeeping ; s Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
«horth8.nd; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
. tical bookkeeping, full . course. > $50; catalogue.
MERRILL-MILLER i College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping.: Rooms 40-45," Par-'
.rott bldg.; individual . Instruction ; : catalogue.',
ENGINEERING--Civil. elec. mining.mech.sur-
-.- vey;. assay,- cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864.- Van'
der Nalllen School.. 113 Fulton, • nr. City Hall.
.-^/¦EDltJOATl^
NIGHT, SCHOOL FOREMEN. .X - '
A practical and industrial education for men ;
' Y.'M." C"; A." building; more courses of study
• than any other. night schooUnthe city: for a
¦: remarkably low. tuition; send or apply for the
¦ prospectus' at i the building, -corner of : Mason'
.. and Ellis sts.; opening night, Tuesday,- Sep-
tember 10; registration 'beginning September
1; departments — Art, business, .; civil service,
. elementary,, engineering, high lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY, general secretary; A.
A. MACUSDA-, ¦; educational director.
SPANISH language quickly taught, by compe-
~ tent old Castlllian teacher; practical conversa-
tion* and , translation -, begun' on '•first lesson.".
PROFESSOR MAYA, 210 Eddy st , front par-'
. lor, :. first : floor. .: , \..'^/ '.'/.¦',- t ¦ .
A— THE LYCEUM, , an accredited preparatory
school for : the university, la^ and . medical
| colleges; references. President Jordan or, any
.., Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
associated with theatrical, agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell St.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beelnnei s, 1 college graduates & bookkeep-
¦L? 1 " 8 ' Is 'TARR. ; the, expert. 220 Parrott bldg. • •
'A', FULL course 'of Ellis bookkeeplnsr and the
Gregg shorthand costs only SfiO. San Fran-
\ clscp Business College. 1236 Market st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, jruitar
- lesgons. ROc; rln.no for practice. 33 Fifth st.'
MISS GORMAN'S clesses in elocution, ?2 per
month. 14 McAllister St., room 73; hours 3-12.
PROF. L. MKRKI. experienced teacher: violin,.
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
STATE Normal graduate desires pupils in pri-
mary and grammar studies*. Box 45n.i. Call, i
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY ani
ILLUSTRATION— night clasp. 424 Pine St.
HRALD'S, Business Colleee. J4 Post St.. S. F.:
/founded 185"; new SO-pase catalosrue free: v
Hirh School students— The WeeklyGeometry Pa-
pers make home study rasy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIa'xo an<1 German: nuDil of Lelnsic Conserva-
tory: lessons 75c and $1. .-320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writimr,
: day or tv?.: $ r . mo. 1W Mi»"!on. nr. 6th.
LADY ,t?ra<1u»te of p.oFt"n Conservatory erives
piano instructions: 75o hour. Box 4B98, Call.
MTSS R. .ELT-TS. teacher of n'sno. . 1823 Devita-
" dero et.; telephone Geary 4S1.. , « . :
AA— LFSSONS prlven In banjo, with music free.
50c. Box 4643;. Call office. .
PMVTING classes on Sundays; ?1 a lesson. 39 !
- Fifth st.' ¦ ¦ ; -, ¦ ¦]¦*,,¦'
CHKAPFST and be?t in America— The "Weekly i
full ¦'•IS' pa«s. ¦ pnt to nny nflrtiT«s In th"> ;
¦ '. United States or Cnnada on? vear for $1. •
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE" an^r^hure^""h^lp~o7~ali~klndsr;
conks, waiters and house -servants. GEO.
• AOKI & CO. .421 Post St.; tel. "Hush 135.
JAPANESE Intellieence Office— Furnish most
.--.reliable help. E24 Bush st.: telephone Bush 516.
ORPHETIM Employment Office— Jopanose. Chi- j
nese help.^426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5071.
CHINESE and Japanese employment -office—'
Best help. 4UV& O'Farrell st.: tel. East 41S.
RKLIABT.K Japanese-Chinese employment, ol-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main MRS. ,
EMPLOYSIKXT WANTED— FEJJALK.
ENGLISH gentlewoman accustomed to all the
refinements of life, as companion to youn<?
or elderly lady; very musical; pood reader;
hns traveled;' Archbishop's references. Box
47CO, Call of/lce.
COMPANION, amanuensis or visiting: proverness
/ in-city or country; music, elocution and fancy
needlework; highest references. Box 4C25, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position as
cook: a good cook; country or city; wages $12;
no letters. 10 V.'etmorb place. . /' '¦¦--,*
• — — i . _j^
A COOK and daughter (16 years) general
housework, will give services for first-class
' home. Write particulars and pay car l'are.
Box 4658. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants to do cooking and
housework in small family; country only.
315 Minna st., bet. 4th and 5th.
DISCREET, refined lady desires' position, in
roomlnpr-house as managing housekeeper.
Box -1G34, Call. ,
WANTED— Position as stenographer and type-
writer; moderate salary. Address box 4691,
Call.
A DANISH woman. experienced laundress,
wishes, work by the day in private families.
18 Lewis st. -
A GIRL wants a place to do housework. 43Ui
Fulton St.. bet. Goush and Octavia st.
COOK for parties; finest of -French and Ger-
man cooking; references., "1633 " Sacramento
St., near Polk; phone Polk 2651. <¦.'¦
FIRST-CLASS drescmaker and ladles' . tailor,
perfect fitter, .wants engagements, $1 25 per
; day. 244 Taylor St.- - , ¦
YOUNG lady of refinement would like to de-
vote a few hours during the week days In
/reading to an invalid. • Box 4724. Call office.
WANTED— By ' middle-aged Eastern woman,
position as worklnK or. managing housekeeper;
V city or country. Address all week,' 310 Mason
pt. ; phone James. 2796.
CHILDREN'S sewing- done reasonable at 1751
Sutter St.; phone Baker 1077. .
MAN and wife wish work; wife as cook, man
as dishwasher or helper; hotel, camp or"
boardlnK-house. ' Call or address 613 Howard.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
• inp housekeeper; refined and trustworthy;
light work; moderate wages. MRS. ,LISTON,
Peachtree, Monterey County. --
A— EXPERIENCED stenographer and. type-
writer wishes permanent position: $30 to com-
mence; references. L. C, box 4fl"G, Cali. .^ •
' WOMAN wishes a position as housekeeper for
one or more gentlemen. Call or address 7
Clara ft. ..-' ' . * -
PLAIN sewing and mending done reasonable.
501 Leavenworth Bt.. corner O'Farroll. room 6.
'PLAIN s?winc and mending done reasonable.
v. COt. O'Farrell St., room ?, second floor. ! , ¦
': WINCHESTER' House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
" kill — 200'rooms: 25c to $1 50 pernlsht: $1 50 to
J6 we-ak: convenient arid respectable; free 'bus
ar.d baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office. for Call advertisements and.
Fubscriptiona has been established at' lOUo"
Vnleccia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! '.rcciypfl'at Cn'l branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
| ' EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE. \
I PAINTER, first-class in fresco, flowers and re-
j 'lief, -Al-deslgr.fr, "Just. from the Enst,. wishes-
i. employment. Address. box 4G30,- Call office.
STRONG. young man wishes position doing any-
thing; 1 year's experience in grocery; age 21;
Eteady habits. -Box. 4679. Call office..
EXPERIENCED, bookkeeper and clerk, 30 years
• .. old, desires position • in country or on ranch;
I -. good references; moderate salary. B. ;G.,~".5i>4
I Folsom- st. t :
man and wife want charge of
place or work on ranch. Address G. LABOR,
504 Natoma st: . " .
j MIDDLE-AGED Dane" wishes situation in pri-
i vate family: understands rare of horses. C0W3
! and ' garden; first-class ' recommendation;
! HENRY. STEVE, 58 Natoma St.
I ! — : — 1
! CUTTER en custom trousers wants position.
J. WISH, 67, Rausch st. . . •
YOUNG, man of:22, with (4 years' experience
In. the fire N insurance business, . would ¦ like
; position 'in. railroad, steamship or insurance
office ; references. - Box • 4726. | Call j office.
YOUNG man of ,22 would like .position as col-
lector with come reliable business 'house: has
had. experience; references. . Box 471S, Call. '
CLERK >mall grocery or cigar store, or lodg-
"• ing house: Email wages; experience and
est references.- Address box 4716, Call office.
RELIABLE man and wife 'wish -."positions to
work; ' in city, or country; best references.
Ca U 1138 Howard . St.. • cl ty.
POSITION as timekeeper -with large concern ;
have handled time for 500 m?n. Box 4714_j£ffll.
. 1 — : ! 1 *— i
A MIDDLE-AGED, ; sober hotel man wishes
position as day or night clerk; speaks Eng-
lish, French and German; security if < neces-
! s.ary :-Box 2293. Call office. Oakland/* \
MIDDLE-AGED men wants situation as Jani-
tor, 'porter or : man . about private place; un-
derstands care of 'garden, . horses. . Box 2232,
Call office, Oakland.- - ¦. •_.- '. : ' •%- -
A : MARRIED man," thoroughly : experienced ; In
;... mercantile-' and office work,' also- window!
'„¦ trimming,- drslres situation either 'in city or
JoutSide towns.; Address box 4936,, Call.- fcgjj
WATCHMAKER— Y^ung : man - desires position
¦ in country or city; can also manufacture.
Jewelry and ; do *¦ clerking; •' references. /Ad-
" dress ; box i 4530, . Call.' • • ¦ •¦ * v '.- '.-" ; ¦ .;
FIRST-CLASS, licensed"- plumber work by
. th» day or month; for property owner > or es-
'• tate; has all necessary shop tools. Box 4649.'
-.. Call office: . ; - - ,-•- : ¦¦;:... .-.¦
WANTED— A position ' by . a "Japanese ; boy • ae
. cook; '¦'¦ can - furnish best >. of " reference. Box
4654, ; Call of flee. .; , -v. - .,. ' •
JAPANESE boy: would 'like position as waiter;
¦ . city, or . country. 1 HjARA, : 1010 - Pine , St. ;. ,v. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and 'subscriptions
V recehed at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmare St.-
A BRANCH office . for. Call advertisements and
¦" Fubseriptlons - has ;. been - established ¦ at 1096
' . Valencia st.' : ( i- :.- - - . '¦ .¦'.' ¦;.-.'. .-;i;j. -. ,; .;, ¦ -' .
__^_FEATHERS 'REytrVATEp. ,_¦_ ___
I FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
| vated." E.J.O'Rourke.1383 Valencla;tel.Capp 2682.
HELP WAXTED— MALE—Con;
MURRAY St. READY Phone Main 58_t,
Xeading Employment and Labor Agents.
Special — Office Open To-Day (Sunday).
SUNDAY SUNDAY ,
500 Railroad Men Wanted.
Ship to-day (Sunday).
6. P. R. R Santa Fe Cal. N. W. Ry.
FREE FARE
75 teamsters Uklah Free fara
50 laborers Ukiah , Free far*
30 men for balla3t and right of way and ax-
men.
Ukiah. ship to-day Wage* J2. $3 25
S. P. R. R. — Free fare. ,
¦ Santa Fe R. R.— Fare free. '
250 men for the above companies for all
sections of California and, Nevada, free fare.
SHIP TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
MIXES LABORERS ..QUARRIES
5 single hand miners, south..' $75
10 laborers for a new mine.. $45 to (43 and M
10 laborers, quartz mine $60 and found
8 muckers, good mine SSO and found
5 laborers, no experience required for surfaca
work around mine O2 and found
10 quarrymen. $60; 8 drillers. $67 50; 57 laborers,
¦no experience required, $1 75 to W day........
WORK IN REDUCED FARES
¦ Shasta. Trinity, Amador. Sisklyou Counties
50 laborers, Co. work $67 ..0
19 teamsters, scraper and wagons.... $2 25 day
13 laborers for an electric power company,
$50 and found; 10 tunnelmen. $30; 5 drillers.
$75; 25 laborers. $67 50
MECHANICAL HST.P
Tool sharpener, mine; ranch carpenter, $40
and found; rough carpenter, t country; bridge
carpenter. $3 day; 10 blacksmiths, ranches,
camps and shops. $40, $45 and found. $3 50 to
$3 50 day; band sawyer, $3 day; blacksmith's
helper, no shoeing. $52; blacksmith's helper,
country shop, $2 50 day; spooltender; man to
run capping machine; 2 carpenters, country;
2 firemen
FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC
2 milkers, north. $35 and found; butter-maker.
Sonoma County, $30; 10 milkers and dairymen
for other dairies, $30 and $33; 5 pruners. 10
fruit plckera, 12 orchard hands, 43 ranch
hands for steady Job9, $25 to $35 and found:
S (eamstera for ranch, small teams. $30 and
found: 10 hay balers; 10 men. threshing ma-
chine. $40 and found; 23 choremen and boys,
ranches and private. $15 to $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
Man to work In garden, institution. $25 and
found: young man to drive bakery wagon,
speak German, see boss here, $30 and found;
milk wagon driver, country. $30 and found:
50 teamsters, city and country; 2 men and
wifes for ranch. $50 and $80 and found
BAKERS COOKS
HOTEL HELP. ETC
15. cooks, city and country, hotels and res-
taarants. $33 to $60; steward for club, south.
$40 an* found; 10 waiters, city and country,
$25 to $35 and found; pantryman; country ho-
tel, $35 and found; 12 kitchen hands, dish-
washers, etc.; second baker, country. $35:
third baker. $30 and found; baker. $60 and
found: young man to work around institu-
tion. ?15; 3 porters; 2 bellboys and hundreds
of others ,
Office Open 7 a. m. To-day. Sunday
MURRAY & READY 634-836 Clay st.
¦ EXPERIENCED cigar man for city trade on
commission; mast give bond; good proposi-
tion. Box 4689, Call office.
WANTED— 200 honorably discHarged TJ. S. sol-
diers. Apply Monday at room 10, 825 Mont-
gomery, after 9 a. m.; bring discharge papers.
CABINET makers and bench hands, non-union:
no office fees. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau, 410 Kearny St.. room 24.
WANTED— Experienced bottle beer packer at
1407 Eddy st.
.WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. --• . '_?. .
WANTED— Two experienced boxmaker* at
GOULD A JAUDIN. 314 Washington st.
RELIABLE carpenter to build house ip coun-
try town. Box 4>:99, Call of nee.
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER, 581 Market St.
WANTED — Neat boy. 15 years. 207 Montgom-
ery et.; 8 o'clock Monday.
WANTED— A dishwarher at 560 Howard st.
KSO-^BARBER shop. 3 chairs, in thriving coun-V
try town. DC3H Capp st.
GERMAN boy wanted at 816 Treat ave. to
drive milk wagon.
WANTED— 20 well-dressed young men. Apply
stape door Central Theater 10 a. m.
BRIGHT boy about 15 to work in an under-
wear factory. Box 4727, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced barkeeper with good
references. J60 per- month. K)8 Fourth St.
WANTKD— Carriage blacksmith's -helper. 17S7
Fifteenth st. '
"WANTED— Man writing business hand; call
this a. m. 7 to 8. 324 Bush St.. room 19.
WANTED— Cash boy3 at RAPHAEL'S.
TO tailors— Vestmakers wanted. J. GORDAN.
1124 Market st.
YOUNG man to assist in butcher shop, solicit
orders and care of ! horse. Apply 2503 Clay.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building. _>•
'. £00 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ell* st.
¦' ¦ ¦ .
ENTRY clerk, wholesale dry goods: steady po-
sit'on: state salary, experience. Box 4645. Call.
•2 FIRST-CLASS furniture polishers wanted.
1614 Market st.
GOOD man wanted to solicit stationery in of-
fices. Apply before } a. in. or after 4 p. m.
at MYSELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
ALL-AROUND bookbinder. PERNATJ BROS..
543 Clay st;
CLERK wanted at 3113 Sixteenth st; middle-
aged preferred.
CANVASSERS to sell good article to business
men; must have sreneral knowledge of book-
keeping. Apply 1 to 3 p. m. (Saturdays and
Sundays exc.) at Pacific Press Pub. Co..
12th & Castro sts.. Oakland: ask for Dayton.
ltOO MEN wanted — Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on 'ditch line beln<
constructed for" the Sweepstake Mining Co...
near Weavervllle. Trinity Co.. CaL; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 28 Montgomery st.. room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. -
MEN to learn barber trade; positions r at 5«0
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
tools donated; swages while- learning; more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied;
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
633 Clay st.
"WANTED— Recriuts tor the marina corps, U.
. S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over « feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recrultlcs
office, 40 /Ellis st., San Francisco.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still *
runs Denver House. 217 -Third st. ; ISO largs
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— 100 first-class house pain'*'", $3.
8. hours' work. Apply room 534, Parrott
building. 8 to°2 dally.
WANTED— An all-round blacksmith to rent a
blacksmith shop with tools; plenty of work.
• Address P. O. box 185. Truckee, Cal.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 3;
: .".G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg;.. 80« Market.
BASTERS on coats; steady work. BELASCO
• & HARRIS. 541 Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25-3
to 60c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d nt». .
ACTIVE ¦ younjr clerk for ", grocery and bar. .
Apply box 4SS9. Call office. "
JEWELERS.. 32S Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
I WANT an outside ' office man or woman.
: 10C8% Market st.. room 4.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d at*.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart st^
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 30c up.' 241 Third st.
WANTKD-^SOO men to buy new and 2d-hanci
army shoes,. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
" ket— 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-rooms; free
i - 'bus : and baggage to and, from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 \a-
•¦ lenda st. • _J | .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Calf.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
HOnSES_AXP^ WACOyS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
._ SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ' ¦ ..
A BARGAIN in good carriasre. saddle business
V and road horses. DAL2IEL. 60<> G. Q. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagoa
Co.: he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth St.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. » .
ALL kinds of wagons, Juggles, carts, harness, .,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. - 2117 . Mission st- ,
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
_¦ camping wagon for sale, cheap.' 533 Mission.THE SAN/ FRANCISCO CALL, STrNDAY, AUGUST • 11, 1901w
29
REAL ' ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. ~"
' . . 633 Market Street
AUCTION. i.«- -
• . AUCTION.
- AUCTION.
TUESDAT :.: August 2©. 1901
¦ -- - . At 12 o'clock noon, '
, AT OUR SALESROOM, M MARKET ST.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
North side (Noa. 1620-1622) Fulton st, 158:3
feet west; of. Lyon et; 2 modern up-to-date
houses of 9 rooms and bath and - high base-
ment each: substantially built and in flne con-
dition; rents $960 per annum; street bitumlnlzed
and cement walk; lot 50x137:6 feet '
- 'WESTERN ADDITION ITiATS.
South side (Nos. 939-941) Oak st. 15«:8 feet
west of Pierce st; 8 modern flats of S-S rooms
and bath" each; rents for $570 per annum; lot
25x137:6 feet. . ' . . . - ' : .
:-. PACIFIC-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
South side of Pacific st, 165 feet west of
Taylor et; 4 fine lots, graded and ready for
building; desirable location for stores and flats;
lots 28 :10%xl37:6 feet. . , ;
HARRISON-ST. INVESTMENT.
Northwest side (Nos. 1110-1112) Harrison at.,
S3 feet: southwest of Seventh st; 2 new mod-
ern flats 5-6 rooms and bath each; only 1 year
old; rents $510 per annum; lot 25x80 feet
POST-ST/ RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1769) Post St., 113:6 feet east
of Webster st; substantial well-built bay-
window house of 9 rooms and bath; sun and
light in every room; lot 24x114:6 feet
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOTS.
North side of Fulton st.r 206 /eet west of
Lyon st ; 2 flne building lots, short distance
from Golden Gate Park; side sewered; gas and
water connection to each lot; street bltumln-
ixed; cement sidewalk; lot 25x137:6 each.
SACRAMENTO-ST. COTTAGE. > r /'Y.
South side (No. 3265) Sacramento st, 100 feet
east -of Central ave.: cottage 3 rooms; rents $S
a month; lot 25x127 :8U feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East side (No. 821) Hampshire st, 219 feet
south of Twentieth st.; good cottage of 4
rooms and high basement; rents $12 a month;
lot 25x100 feet.
' MISSION INVESTMENT.
East side of Andover st. . and west side oi
Moultrle ave., 50 feet south of Union ave.; 4
lots ready for building; lots 25x70 feet each.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOT.
North side of Persia ave., 83:6 feet east of
Mission-fit, cars; lot 25x100.
EASTON ELDRIDGE & CO.;.
.¦.'¦-¦ 638 Market Street.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
$38 Market it
DOWNTOWN PROPERTT. " • V*
$16,500 — Two stores and two modern flats of 7
rooms and bath each: on Post St., near
Taylor: In flne condition and always
rented.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER RESIDENCE.
SOUTHWEST CORNER.
$13,500— Fine large elegant house, of 14 rooms
, , ¦ and two baths, laundry and servants'
rooms; in best residence portion of Pa-
cific Heights; electric lighting, heating
apparatus, wine room, cedar closets,
etc.; yard front and rear: lot 37:6x104
- • -PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$10.500 — A modern residence of • 10 rooms and
: bath; modern In every respect: must
be seen to be appreciated; yard front
and rear; - Laguna st, near Broadway;
lot 27:6x106 feet
BUSH-STREET RESIDENCES.
$10,000— Two fine large modern houses of 9
.rooms and bath each; in an elegant
residence portion of Bush st., near La-
guna; large lot, 37x137:6 feet . .
WESTERN ' ADDITION RESIDENCE
AT A BARGAIN.
$7,C0O-42:4xl37:6 feet. ' on best bitumlnlzed
block on Pine St., north side: elegant
residence, 11 .rooms and bath; stable:
rents low at $600 per annum; ground
alone worth the money; $5000 mortgage
.can remain.
"WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$4,500 — Modern two-story house of 9 -rooms,
bath and finished basement, on the
north side of Grove st., between De-
¦ visadero and Broderick sts.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTT.
$4,000— East side of Powell st., near Washing-
ton; thiee-story house of 10 rooms; a
- bargain.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT! "
$3,100— Two front houses of 16-8 rooms each
and rear house 8. rooms in good condi-
tion; rents for $51 per month; large lot.
( 50x80 feet; near 6th and Brannan sts.
. EASTON. ELDRIDGE A: CO.,
. 638 Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO., j
667 Market Street \
Opposite Kearny Street. ,
Real Estate Agents and Rent' Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
$2200— Three flats near Mason and Sutter
sts.; rents $21.
- $1500— Stve and four rear living rooms on
: Mission st.
$2100 — Five-room cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Market sta.
• $3000— Lyon St., near Baker; good house
.and lot 25x90 feet; want an offer.
. MoOO— Store, flat and house; rents $36; near
' Fourth and Mission sts.
; $3750— Two nice flats near Hyde and Cali-
fornia sts. ; rents $37. -.
$8S00— Ashbury-st. residence of 10 rooms,
strictly modern; magnificent vie*
% $13,000— Jones St., ; 1% blocks from Market
i st. : very cheap buy.
$15,CC0 — Eight modern flats on corner near
Larkln st; all 'rented for $145. v
¦ $16,000— Ellis st ; 3 modern flats close to
Franklin St.; rents $145; lot 27:6x137:6 feet
$18.500 — Grand investment: modern Improve-
ments; lot 70 feet front; near Jones st; rents
$170; all rented.
. $23,500— Polk-st. business property, best por-
.;tlon: 2 stores and 20 rooms; rents about $137.
- " $36,000 — Golden Gate ave., corner, opposite
Plaza: new costly building; rents $260; mort-
gage of : $20,000 can. remain. - ;
$40,C0O— Devlsadero-st. ' business corner; 2
stores and 7 flats; rents $305 .per month; pays
', S per cent net. ¦ .
•Sansome-st. corner; 70x135 feet; rents $250;
want offer.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO..
" 667 Market Street.
A RARE DOWNTOWN CORNER INVEST-
. - • - ¦ - MENT
One block from ' Baldwin Hotel ' site and
Tivoll Theater; only corner for sale In vicinity
of. proposed new Flood building and Crocker
Nob: 203-211 Mason st. _
.; Two stores and 2 lodging-houses.
"; 60 feot frontage.
Will pay 6 per cent net on $75,000.
Corner, 20x60. in same block Just sold for
$26,000.
For further particulars apply to'
A. M. SPECK. 667 Market st.
STRIKE BARGAINS. - .
. - $6500 — Must be sold at once." 3 flats on Larkln
St., near Chestnut; flne marine view; rents $30
per month. »
* $4200— Rents $48; downtown Income property
on Clay st., near Mason: 4 flats: always rented.
¦ $3750— Cost $4500; a fine, cozy Mission home
in -the best ¦ section of the warm belt; Lib-
erty st, near Guerrero: 25x114. .
v'$600— A cheap lot on Filbert st, near Mont-
gomery; owner must have money. -. < ¦
,: McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st. '
SANTA FE— POINT RICHMOND. - - I .
The coming city at terminus Santa Fe R. R.
' - Where ship and rail meet
Graded ' streets. All lots level.
'¦$125 and "up. $10 cash. J5 monthly.-
- ' McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery.
;. .'¦_. -k ,¦ . Sole* Agents.
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner Building.
$15.000 — Corner on Polk st., near Sutter; pos-
itively must- be sold; immediate offer wanted.
- $16,000— Valuable property on Eddy st. Inside
of Larkin; to close an estate; heirs. want their
money. ' > J^'*3:$.-' ll *^aaKry5WS
' $750 . cash— Small flats; always . rented ; pay
¦ well; --good? tenants. - • --.->¦
' $600— Cheapest lot north of the Park; lot is
very large ; a pickup ; , flne vie w of bay and
ocean; cost owner $1400.
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner Building.
ELEGANT home:* sacrificed at half original
cost; 11 sunny rooms, -bath, attic, basement
" with furnace; fall ¦ in flne : order; '• lot 80x114:
large' garden; magnificent view; part -cash,
balance mortgage, or exchange for Income city
I improvements/ Owner,' 508 California, room 30.
$55CO— GREAT bargain: 3942 Clay St.. near First
ave.; lot 29x127:8; fine substantial house. 9
rooms/ bath. and basement; sun all around;
' everything Inside and out perfect condition:
terms : easy: •> open for inspection. \ JOSEPH
.NASH. 11, Montgomery.' st. ..';. -..'¦..
$8800— RENT. $126 50; 'large inside corner.
(H *480»— Residence on Washington; large lot .
'¦¦¦ $1950— Rent $30; - 4 houses; large lot.
_ . $8C0— House and lot near Larkln and Pacific
. Clty.i country & Eastern property for exchge.
P. *B; TRAVERS. 314 Montgomery, room «.
SELECT your lot anywhere. : we will buy It for
.'you, erect<a house to suit and sell it to you
on. very easy term?. THE MCCARTHY CO.;
.646 Market' st i .. ¦-:.
FOR Sale— A bargain; income property: 3-story
,- house; lot, 48x75:6 feet; 'southeast corner Ma-
-, son and Pacific sts. Call or address 734 Shot-
; well st. ; no agents.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
FOR sale on Noe st., between Nineteenth and
Twentieth— A coay little home, 8 rooms and
bath; the -finest ever offered for a «™«n
price; every modern improvement; fine base-
ment; lot 25x125; everything strictly* first
class. DAVID CONDON, owner and builder.
SIX, seven and eight rooms cottages; also twa
flat houses in block between 17th, ISth. Castro
and Noe sts.; % cash, balance monthly pay-
ments ; Castro or Ouerrero-at. cars. 3*. Tf'-T-i-
SON. builder. - ..
FOB sale as a whole or in aubdrrlstoos; 80-
vara lot; south line Union at; 137:4 fast ea»t
of Pierce. Lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sta., 103:6x137:8 feet Inquire o£
CHARLES C. BSMIS. Seal Estate Broker. .
X2* Montgomery st. - \ .
REAI, L.STATB— COUNTRY — For gml«
A MONBT maker and lovely home— Just ts+pfc
of It: actually $1500 income tbia year from
this 22 acres of sediment loam: complete and
good set of buildings. Including rtock an*
tools only $3000; steamer landing on plac*;
freight $1 a ton; fare 60o to San' Francisco.
GOOD AND VERT CHEAP.
120-acra general farm; -fenced; SO acres cul-
tivated; 15 acres orchard and vineyard; bal«
anca Al wooded pasture; several •prtagit
complete set buildings; some stock and toolst
fare round trip from 8. F. only $1 80 j les«
than 1 milea from R. IL, Sonoma- f^. A only.
HERE* 8 ANOTHER. * . " '
At lem than half actual value. Well tnv
proved 900 acres, Sonoma County, general
farm for $3000; though only 80 acres are now
cultivated there la fully ICO acres more «aay
to bring under cultivation: all rood grain.
% fruit or vineyard soil; balance Al wooded
hill pasture: will carry fully GO cattle; 109
hogs and -all work stock; a money maker:
watered by living creek and several sprlngst
Includes stock, etc.
N. D. SICKBLS. the Land Agent. 8 Geary.
HERB Is a buy for $3200: 9 acres, fruit and
poultry farm In Alameda County, close to
R. R- depot: level land; all In Al orchard;
house 8 rooms; barn, flne large fruit houa«.
6000 gallon tank, can Irrigate any part of. tha
place; personal property and 300 poultry; get
particulars of this genuine bargain. H. H«
CRANE. 608 California st:
S GOOD stock ranches within 40 miles of this
city for sale cheap: call for particulars ot
same. H. H. CRANE, 60S California st
302 ACRES, Alameda County, $10 per acre't
fenced, well watered, suitable for stock. H.
H. CRANE. 808 California st
11 ACRES, short distance from town, Alameda
County; house, barn, some fruits and vines;
beautiful surroundings, splendid climate, Al
neighborhood, running water In front of th«
place; price $2000; easy terms. H. H. CBANE»
503 California et.
A-SPECIAI/ SACRIFICE.
Absolutely one of the choicest fruit ranches
in this county, near Haywurds depot and
Hay wards cannery; 31 acres nne full-bearing
fruit: modern city styl« home; property cost
$25,000; reduced to $18,500; mortgage $8000;
, cash offer wanted; must sell. LAYMANCH
REAL ESTATE CO., 460-462 Eighth st. Oak-
land.
THE FAMOUS ALTA FUNTA RANCH.
On San Pablo avenue,
2 miles north of Berkeley.
6-acre lots— Easy terms.
Electric road franchise granted through ?*<»
property. v
Good soil— Fine water.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st. 8. P.
21 ACRES near Santa Rosa; good hard-finished
house; new barn; tankhouse; windmill; 3000-
gallon tank: chicken-houses; water piped to
h0U3e and barn; 9 acres In young vines; about
3 acres in family orchard: mall delivered
dally: $3100; easy terms. M. FISCHER. $53
Naples st.. San Francisco. Cal.
FOR sale — Good paying- ranch. 63 acres; house
of 7 rooms and cellar; 32 acres In vineyard,
balance in 700 assorted fruit-trees and hay;
700 chickens: 3 horses; 3 cows; buggy; wagon:
all other Implements; 'will take $3000 cash,
balance on time, or improved city property.
Address R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general fanning. Apply"
to The Cotati Co., 302 California st. for pam-
phlets or Information. •
1 LOT in El Paso da Robles; 113 front by 300
feet deep, $123.
80 acres In Sams Valley, Jackson County,
Or.; good frutt land; house, barn, well, creek;
flne climate; no frosfs: on county road; near
school and railroad; $600 or trade; clear.
H. G. WHITTLE. 131 San Pablo ave.. Oakld.
FINE stock farm of 620 acre9, v near Marysvllle:
480 acres wheat, 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance summer fallowed; water right
to 2000 Inches of water goes with place; ditch
wMl cover several thousand acres; water
risht alone Is 'worth price asked for place:
this must he sold to close an estate; price $23
an acre. Box 476, Marysvllle, Cal.
RANCHES from $730 up: splendid selection of
bargains In all parts of Central California.
San Mateo Co. choice lots and homes.
C. VT. ELFVINQ & CO.. 61S Examiner bldg.
FOR sale— Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings: partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion: price $5000. Address MRS. C. V. DAT.
Valencia, Santa Cruz Co., Cal.
WANT to rent land In Mission for hog ranch:
give description and terms. Box 4687, Call.
FOR Mendocino County stock ranches and'
farms address "W. M. PEERT. TJkiaii. CaL
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write fo»
free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petalnma. Cal.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list.
IVooster. 'Whltton. & Montgomery. 634 Market.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATES
LARGE and small houses for sale, leaaa or
exchance: building lots and land by acre. J.
TUNSTKATX Fan Anneimo.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGE.
— -~- — ~ r-~~~~ ¦ — ¦ "->--¦."¦ -.—.
TO trade— House and lot tn Oakland ($2000> for
country (with plenty of water> property, suit-
able for stock. 20 miles from Oakland. Ad-
. dress PAM. 2701 Virginia st. Berkeley.
PROPERTY WAXTED.
WE have demand for stock and fruit ranches;
owners wishing to sell ¦ quickly should list
with us without delay.
C. W. ELFVING & C. Real Estate Agents.
616 Examiner building, San Francisco.
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell? I want ta
build a home: state price and location of lot.
Box 4414, Call offlce.
WANTED— From 5 to 15 acres improved or un--,
improved land, must have irrigation, in Santa
Clara County.- Address box 4670. Call offlce.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP ALAMEDA HOMES FOR SALE.
Near trains and schools; 45 minute9 to San
Francisco: good investments: easy terms; genu-
ine bargains: "a great chance."
TO SECURE A HOME AT A BARGAIN
$1500— Buys a new modern home; large lot.
$1800— Buys a rfew modern homer corner lot '
$2150— Buys a 7-room Cottage; lot, 42x118; a
a snap.
$2500— Buys an 8-room house; lot 35x150; a
snap.
$2850— Buys an 8-room cottage; lot 50x130; a
barraln. /
$3250 — Buys and 8-room house; lot 42x207; 'wind
milt. etc. .
Two flne 4-room' cottages; rented for $20; only
$1000: see these cottages.
. Call and see our properties under foreclosure.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
• < -':'< 150O Park st, Alameda.
¦ Office open Sundays and evenings.
$400— CORNER: 40x100; bet Bay and Grand st
$600— Lot near Morton st. station.
$1000— Lot near Morton st. station. i-
$1200 — Lot near Grand st. and Central ave. *
IMPROVED.
S700 — Cottage of 4 rooms.
$lC00— Cottage of -1 rooms. :
115C— Cottage of 5 rooms. ' :
$1500— Cottage of 5 rooms.
I $1600— 2-story of 8 rooms.
$1900— 2-sctory of 7 rooms; windmill. etc.j
large lot.
AH near schools and stations.
¦ Bargains in improved and unimproved prop-
¦ erty in all parts of Alameda.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
>. Bay Station. Alameda.
FOR SALE.
Great bargains of valuable lots In Alameda.
t_ so lots: $150 to $200. ¦¦Mjm
¦ 2—3 lots: 23x230; $200 each.
3—4 lots: 25xIG7: S2C0.
4—1 lot: 40xlS5: $450.
6— 1 lot; 50x125; J350. -
d— 1 lot: 60x120; $350.
7— House of 8 rooms; large lot;. $8500; reduced
8— Elegant house on Clinton ave.' of 8 rooms;
modern; $5000.
E. D. JUDD A CO..
. ' ,1434 Park st.. Alameda.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2328 SANTA CLARA AVE.
two— Corner lot on Grand st
$1300— 5-room cottage: in flne location; lot 30x
- -' 100; always rented for $12. " •
$2000— Modern 5-room cottage on one of best ave-
- ¦¦¦'.- nues.
$3730— Modern 8-room cottage: stable. . etc.; In
- very best Dart of city.
$4000— New modern 8-room house on corner lot;
never occupied.
. JUST LOOK AT THIS!
Building - lots In every part of Alameda.
Offlce open Sundays and evenings.
NEW coftage on Weber St.. 5" rooms and bath ;
cottage 5 - rooms and ¦ bath " on Taylor S av»..
' $1900; lot 33x135. J. H. YOUNG, builder, UU
i Park st. Alameda. "
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR S/i-E— Con.
FOR sale— Tinsmith's and machinist's second-,
hand screw and power presses; cheap.
BLENNERHA6SETT. 221 First St.
MOVING picture attachments for - magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 103 Montgomery st. ,
NEW $70 White, drop head, oak sewing ma-
chine cheap. 1915 Mission, near" Fifteenth. .
CENTRIFUGAL pump,s. sizes 3. 4 and 6 inch;
cheap. J. L. HICKS. 667 Miesion st.
FOR sale— Large handsome Eskimo dog. I Box
4712. Call offlce. ; *^: .
FOR sale— Fresh Jersey cow; milks 5 gallons, j
4150 Seventeenth st.
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry; cash or Install-
ments. Theo. Ferehtand. 12G Kearny. r. 29. j
GASOLINE engines, all sizes,- new and sscond
hand. J. E. DOAK. Sll Mission st. I
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and :
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. £21 Mission Bt. ,
WE pay big prices for ladles' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
SD-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White, 518 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machin-
" ery. J. BCRKE. 133 Deale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st. .
Gasoline cr distillate engires. new and 2d hand;
j all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new anr? 2d-hand moving pie-
{ turer. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
J WANTS.
RABBITS— SILVER GRAYS.
Wanted in quantities; dark or light;, princi-
pally does. 3 to 18 months old. 20 Besse bldg.,
Springfield, Mass.
WANTED— Second-hand safe; double doors
preferred: state size, make and price. Box
4CSS. Call offlce. . '
WANTED — Showcase cheap for each; give
dimensions and price. Address box 4800, Call.
TILTON 4 wants gocd second-hand clothing and
j theatrical goods. 154. 9th 6t. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
WANTED— Footpowcr machine. P. O. 132, San ¦
Mateo, Cal.
MO XK iY TO LOAN. /'
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY."™'"'"'
{300.000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland; town and country property, second
¦ mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loan? i
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
. of above securities. . Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages '.....
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before dotng business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery et.. room 3 f
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner buildlng-
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money:
see HERMAN MURPHY. C03 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
" In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages: secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of interest.
8 Grant ave., near Market; tel. Black 5471.*
MUNICIPAL.Loan Office.' 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1S03.
HIGHLY respectable, private place tn obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelrr at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 346 Market
Ft.: teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2d mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
lowest rates.- Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party: nq removal; no commission; confiden-
tial Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
ege; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
A — ON /real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage; :
¦ no d<j|ay. LICK. 116 McAllister stj
ONE 'per cent on furniture: $5 a' month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without pecur-
lty. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 4S1 California.
ON salaries or wages; no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no Indcrser; Eastern
plan. 'Western Loan Co-.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome Et, room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
• 821 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to Falarled people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and bert In America— Tha Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address' In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
—_—_______ ____
LOAN •wanted— $1000 wanted. - For further In-
formaUon address box 4619. Call offlce.
MUSICAL INSTRD3IEXTS. .
A FEW Excellent Bargains In Used Pianos.
A Raven & Bacon, square $25
A Mozart, square ....; '. 60
A Symphony, square ; 75
An Emerson, square 100
A Weber, square 125
A Richmond, upright, oak .- .'. 175
A Radle, mahogany '. 200
A Spielmann 225
A Hamilton ..'. 250
A Gabler 300
A Byron Mauzy 350
A Sohmer 4^0
"¦ A Stelnway Concert Grand 450
A Sohmer Concert Grand 500
BYRON MAUZY. 398-310-312 Post st.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any tim» within
t years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some gocd pianos sold for S3. $4 and
Si per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny nnd Sutter
sts., San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oakland.
THE WILEY B-. ALLEN CO...
S33 Market st. S. F. : S51 Broadway, Oakland.
A magnificent stock of pianos and organs.
Big discount this week.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davls; great bar-
Vain list. $50 up; Stelnway. $185 up; Fischer.
$100; Chlckerlng. $165; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
ANY piano eold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new pefriess Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
»t.: established IS'O. '
A LIST of flne second-hand pianos — 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet * Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz, I
Sterling, $75. $125. $145. etc.: easy payments.
BENJ.. CURTAZ & SON. .16 O'Farrell st.
Chlckerlng. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of eelf-players. .
AN upright for $75. $100, 'J150. $200 if you want;
Deckers for $450, $500. $560. with 20 per cent
discount if you buy ytls month. What more
do you want? Cash or payments. The Zeno
Mauvals Music Co., 763 Market st.
ANOTHER cleaning-out 'tale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 17CG Market s=t.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights^ PIERCES
Piano Factory, Market. 14th and' Church sts.
WANTED— To exchange lessons in elocution on
physical culture for rent on piano. 813 Sutter.
A NEAT, small Fischer upright piano for sale
cheap. Box 4642. Call office. T ,
. LEFT on sale. 535 mahosrany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room 38, 217 Geary st. -. :
A SPECIAL for this week— $K>0 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Pest st.
AT KEEFFETS piano store. 22 Turk. nr.'Mar-
ket — Shonliuer and Schubert pianos.
GOING East account of death; mu*t sacrlflcn
largo 3-pedal upright piano. 316 Turk st =
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
8TEINWAY. $200: Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton, 8 Flood bldg. ,
GOOD second-hand upright for eale cheap.
PCHMIT7. 16 McAllister st .
A LARGE lot of second-hnnd' upright pianos
for mile cheap. HORNUNC'S. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me-,
AHister ft. • .' " '. '¦.-'-. ¦¦ : - -•
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— To a' lady hairdresser,' a small room,
all furnished. 2S2 Ellis st.
OIL tanks, second hand.- In good order; .all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
. reading; lessons given. 817 Jones st.
PERSONALS. ¦•..':...¦.
BOHEMIAN Dermatological Institute.
¦ 131 Post Et. . ¦ ¦ • " ¦
FREE!! \ FREE!! FREE!!
Cut This Out!; Cut This Out!
Pimples, Freckles and Wrinkles cured; elec-
trolysis for the removal of superfluous hair and
moles: gray hair restored to natural color: fall-
ing hair and dandruff cured; hair grown "on
bald heads; flesh reduced- or developed,' any
part of the body; shampoo for ladles and gen-
tlemen. The French Importations which we
use are superior to all others. Refined lady
specialists in attendance. ¦ ¦-- ' "
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell st, and
i you will not be disappointed; this remedy la
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
• parts of the world; call or send for. circular.
OUR new book free, sealed, fully- Illustrated,
treats of all conditions of men, how to attain
"Perfect Manhodd"; should be in the hands
of every I male adult. Address . KRIT5
MEDICAL CO.. "Book Dept.." Buffalo, N. Y.
THE juvenile class at Hinman's School of
Dancing, 1412 Polk st, bet. Pine and Califor-
nia, will open for the season Saturday after-
noon, August 17; the adult classes are al-
. ready open.
GENTLEMAN, 34, wishes to meet middle-aged
Protestant lady or widow with some means
or property in city or country; object matri-
mony. Box 4799. Call offlce.
ALL can have healthy hair and scalp with
proper care; gents shampooing, 25c;' ladles',
50c; hair dried by the sun. Mrs. E; R. DUN-.
LAP, 34 Kearny st. and 47 Post st.
{17 50 — SOLID oak bedroom .< set: plate mirror.
$1 — Solid cak chair: factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House, 1423 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third. St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to (1 50 per night; $1 £0 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer, in
carpet twino. in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth.-Oakiand.
$1' WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; flne dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at heme by Internal treatment:
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second st . N. Y.
. WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 • Stockton St.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. Ray, S36 Mission, r.7.
WANTED— The address of CARL WEBER;
tailor. Write. N. 'Davis, tailor, Truckee, Cal.
FACE massage: a new and scientific treatment
done at 121 Mason st., A. ZIRKEL.'
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray-
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, V> 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlcr. cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD jrcld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market St.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wIrs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
- PHYSICIANS AND
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis..
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
A— DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
7G4-7C6 Clay st: see testimonials at office. .
PLAXI^G , AiVO TURNING MILLS. \
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawirnr. CARL F. HAAS. 93 Fremont st.
HEAL ESTATE CITY FOR 8AL&.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE &'CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, -
218-220 Montgomery st.
NEW MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$14,000 — Sunny side of street.- 1 with unobstructed-
view of the bay, Alcatraz Island *and
the Marin County hills; main floor, beau-
tifully finished with hard wood floors;
7 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms.' with porcelain
tubs: basement contains wlneroom.
storeroom and furnace; gas and electric
fixtures; house planned and built by
Architect Edgar Mathews.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
512.B00— In the Nob Hill Mission District: close
, to Guerrero st. ; modern residence of 12
rooms nnd bath; house cost over $11,000;
large lot 62:8x115 feet;, for full particu-
lars apply at office. • . * . : ;
RESIDENCE NEAR TOWN.
$3000— Lea venworth st, near Clay; lot 30x100
feet
CORNER. NEAR MARKET AND SEVENTH.
$30,000 — Lot 75x125 feet; good improvements:
. renting for $225; for full particulars call
/ at office..
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. — " "
$7000 — Cley St.. near Baker; 2 modern flats, 6
and 7 rooms and bath; lot -27:6. feet
front; a rare chance. ', .:,
BARGAIN IN BUILDING LOT. :
$4100 — Sunny side of California st. ,- near
Baker; extra width. 32:6 feet front;;
grand location to build flats. •• \ f .
BUILDING LOT. *' • f
$5250 — Bush St.. near Webster; large lot 34:4%x
137:6 feet; ready to build on. ¦ '.:
- ' PAGE-STREET CORNER. * • . :
$16,000— New flats; rent6 $142 50 monthly; a very,
good Investment; 6 tenaSts In all; lot
37:6x112:6 feet; rents are low and can
be increased. •- •«
SANSOME-STREET CORNER. :¦
1 $15,000— Two-story building; rents $110; a fore-
- ¦ closure sale. 1
VAN NESS. NEAR PACIFIC. S.
$?500— Van Ness-aye, residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contains 9,r'ooms
. and bath; near Pacific ave. ; lot 25x100
feet. •'
< , SUTTER-STREET FLATS.
$11,OCC — Sutter St., north side, near Webster; 2
modern flats of 7 and 9 rooms and bath:
. lot 27:3x127:6 feet; very sunny; always^
rented.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A. CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
. ' - 22 Montgomery st.
$20,000— Rent $160; under long lease to one ten-
e rit, who pays water and makes re-
pairs;, transfer corner on Guerrero st;
}',y\ three stores and two flats; a splendid-
. Investment. • ¦ .
$3000 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath on Dolores
¦ st., near Twenty-second; lot * 26 feet
frontage. ...;-.
. $6500— Russ 8t. t/ near' Howard; .. 2-story.. and
basement 'house of 18 . rooms .and 2
baths; brick 'foundations; lot 80x100.
$25,000— Rents $189 per month: Mason St., near
- •- Sutter; ,five houses, always rented;- a
fine income proposition, i - . •'
$12,500— Geary 'st, hear Jones; 2- houses of 8
rooms and bath each; rents $80; lot 27
'V- f eet . frontage. This property pays well
. and 'has a Erand future. . \
jgOOo — Pine residential lot on Baker» st, near
- Fell, opposite Golden Gate Park; 50x100.
$25,000— Handsome -house of 12 rooms,' porcelain
bath, furnace, etc., 'on Presidio Heights;
northeast corner lot, 75x127:8, with beau-
tiful lawn and. flowers; magnificent un-
obstructed ' marine view." ; .-.
$1250— Lets on Fulton 1 st; north side, -near
Parker ave. ; 25x109; very cheap. •
!$4D00— Rents J49 per month: always rented; 4
i fine big bay-windowed flats of 5 rooms
and bath each; ¦ lot 30x80; a rare bar-
•*'..' '¦' gain. * ' - ' j .: .
$4500— Rents $42 00 per monlh; substantial 3-
t story bay- windowed building of 2 flats,
containing 11 and 6 rooms and bath
¦ each; first story of brick; on Powell st,
¦ near Clay. .'.•••
. . O. D. BALPW1N-& SON.'.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
4 We have unusual good Bargains now. ,. ¦
Secure a home with little money. - ¦
$75/ 1100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st
cars; ft ¦. monthly. ;
$75, $100 to $350— Best Ocean Boulevard lots,
only f5 monthly; ready to build on. -~ .
$500 to $500— Graded and sewered incompar-
able Sunset lots; your own terms. -
'¦ ¦ Sunset Branch office,'; 9th ave.; near H st
$400 to $S00— Richmond lots, only $10 monthly.
IS50, $1000, $1300, $2500 to $3000^-Bargalns In
. modern cottages. Sunset. Richmond and Mis-:
' slon districts; "easy, payments. .
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
¦ - 64 Chronicle building. "
$600 WILL buy a flne lot. 35x120, 2 blocks south'
of Park; parties going to Europe. 30 Lily ave.
REAL EST^ l r&--ClTY---FOB. 'j£ AXJS.
BALDWIN & HOWELI1....IO Montgomery »t.
. . $9000— Rents $960 ' a year; ' newly improved
corner; containing store and fiats; size 75x75,
' Bryant ; Et. •- . ..:";. '. ' , -- - ',
,' . $3500— Reduced " from $4000; bay-window cot-
tage; 7 rooms and bath; lot 30x122:6; owner
anxious to sell; Folsom et
- $4500— Leavenworth-st. corner; house of .. 8
rooms; bath; stable, etc ; lot 48x68 :».>. '.. -,
$2500— Sold to satisfy '- undivided interests;
Clara st, near. Fourth; rents $30 per month;
lot, 25x75. . . ;.. , .
' $4256 — Rents $45 per month; lot runs through
to rear street; store and flat above of 9
rooms and bath ; Clay st , near Mason.
$4000— Castro-st "- residences; entirely new; i
"7 rooms and bath; near .Twentieth »t; easy
terms If desired. ' ;
$3700— Elegant; cottage on Treat ave., near
Twenty-fifth st. ; 5 rooms, bath, ; basement,
Vetc.; lot 25x115, to an alley. .
'¦ J23.50O— Sutter-st. property; large lot, 5Sxl40;
I rents $1950 a year; bargain.
$3300— Cottage, 6 rooms, bath and basement;
¦ near Oak and Ashbury; lot worth the money;
looks into Golden Gate Park.
•: $7000— Reduced from $7800; lot 27:6x137:6,
with 3 separate flats, on north side of Hayes
st, not too far, out; well lighted, sunny and
'containing 6, 7 and 7 rooms. and bath: each;
present low rents $G6 per. month: can be
. easily rented for $75 per month; a genuine
. bargain.
, $25.000— Beautiful Pacific Heights residence:
sunny corner; large lot; modern . house 12
rooms," 2 baths, large, basement and conser-
sj vatory. . _ . ...... ~ .¦
¦- $8000— Eddy st, north line, near Laguna ;
lot 25:9x120 to Willow ave. in rear; 2 modern
small flats; cost $5200 to build; also 2-story
- house; mortgage $3500, can. remain.
$6500— Income $56 per month; 3 separate flats
and .house of 6 rooms on rear street; lot haa
double frontage. Filbert st, near Mason,, and
running through to Valparaiso st.
$7750— Rents $80 per month; flats and rear
house on Grove st; only a short distance from
City Hall; pays well.
$5200— Residence on Green st.. containing •
rooms and bath; house should be seen to be
V appreciated; a perfect home; lot 26:6x137:6.
SUNSET DISTRICT.
Choice Sunset Installment lots and new cot-
tages Just finished on easy terms; prices mod-
erate; payments only $10 per month; lots
..'level; on official grade; streets macadamized;
gas, water and' mall service; Nineteenth-ave.
¦ boulevard; H st. and Park entrance: also
Eighth, Ninth and Tenth aves. Call at
branch offlce, corner of H st and Ninth aye.,
south of Golden Gate Park; open every day,
Sundays and holiday.
> BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Montgomery st
MADISON & BURKE,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1858.
' ! V, .-"¦¦• v- •..•¦;. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF. PROPERTY. '
'626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Gsary - st.. Inside Larkln ; 50x137:6; partially
Improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the
CheapH-O'Farrefi. s t, ( near Devisadero; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rent $25,
only $2900. .. . . . •
$5500— Broadway, near Octavia st ; 7 rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
Two flats— Clinton Park, near Dolores st:
rent $340 per year: price only $3300.'
$4500— Twentieth St., near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable; lot 28x114.
115.000— Beautiful modern house In the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$8500— Pays $78 per month; flats; Scott, near
Ellis; 31x137:6. , •
$7500— Seventeenth st, near' Doloree; flats:
well rented: 35x57:6.
$27.V>— Corner Sanchez and Jersey sts.; lot 30x
10O, with four-room house. • '
$2500— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez:, « rooms
and bath... - jr> «-*
$300ft— Morris ave.. near Bryant : st. ;' double
house; rents $24; lot 25x75. '- -
J4500— Folsom St., near Eighth;* 25x90; two
houses at $16 each; total $32. .
$8000— Natoma st. corner Russ; elegant in-
come property; 25x75. ".
Laundry building with two flowing' wells of
Al water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard st., bet. Fillmore and Steiner-
also lot .452x120 on Chestnut st, in rear; rents
$73 per month; must be sold on account of non-
residence. . . ¦ -
$2200— Guerrero and Twentieth ' sts. ; - cottage ;
lot 25x114; must be sold. " . .> .
$7000— Harriet st., near Howard; lot 50x75,
holding frontage to Sixth st; rent $50. <
$4000— Leaven worth St., near Jackson; 8 rooms
and bath: 22:6x115.
. $1950— Florida St., near Twenty-fifth; cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100. • ": ."-. . ..
, MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st
BOVEE. TOY & . SONNTAG,
_ : "'¦¦ - ¦¦ ¦' • • Real .Estate Agents.
Houses rented, rents . collected and full charge
' taken of * property.
624 MARKET. STREET.
' $12,C00— Choice residence on north line \ of
Washington St., near Walnut; T 16 -rooms, 1 2
baths; all latest Improvements; very fine: lot
32xlC2:SVi. : ' ¦'¦•¦'
$ll.C0O— Two choice up-to-date flats, north
line of Clay st, near, Broderick; solid cement
foundation; sun, in every room; lot 29x105; rents
J90: per: month. This property must be sold
as owner Is about to leave town. -
$12,BOO-^Grove st., near Franklin; flats and
house; rents for $111 per month; lot 27:6x120,
through to rear street; very cheap. -.
$9000— %>st St., near Franklin: 10 rooms and
bathr lot 25x120; rented at present at $52 50
per month, x .
$7750— Two choice flats on Frederick street,
near Ashbury r rents for $70 per month. , -
$6000— Chestnut, near Dupont; nice residence
.of 9 rooms and bath;vlot 40x127:6, to- rear
street. -- . : . .- , . -.- •¦ • . . _¦ .
J6500 — Lot 50x110 on ' Seventeenth st.T close to
Mission; 6 rooms and bath upon same.'. - - ..'
$3750— Choice residence on Sacramento st. : 10
rooms and bath, porcelain tubs and. sink; na-
tural wood mantels; lot 25x117:6. \ •- -¦•
J40C0 — Two nice flats on Natoma St.; near 6th;
rents $80 per month. • j ..--..
$3250— Choice cottace on Capp st.. near 25th;
6 rooms and bath: in good condition.
$1SOO — Choice cottage on Fifth . ave., \ near
Point Lobos. ' '
$16C0— Nice 5-room cottage on Jersey st. near
Diamond. . . ' , ';
$700— Choice corner lot in Mission. ' " ''. i-
For further . particulars 'apply to "- - 'j *
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAO."
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATK CO. (Inc.), :,
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED. ;
$11.000— Corner Folsom and Erie sts.; 30x143;
3 fl?.ts: rents $78. . • ... ' , -..••
$10.CC0— O'Farrell [ st., near | Lark4ffT 25x120 'to
rear street; house of 14 rooms.
. $?000— Pacific st.. ,near . Powell; 40x60; store
and 2 flats: rents $69. . •- '.
$5500 — Buchanan st.v near Post; 24xS7;6; house
of 7 rooms nnd bath; rent $35: . .
$5000— Corner Leaven worth and Francisco; 70x
87:6: 2-story residence'of 11 rooms and bath.
$4oT— Guerrero st. near Twpnty-flfth: . 24:6s
125:*hou?e of. 8 rooms and bath. s ... :.: .
$1200— Clara, near 6th; 25xS0; store and 2 flats;
rents $16. \ • . . ¦ . .;
$3,'CP— Lyon st.. near Sutter: 25x119:3; house
of -8 rooms. - .-..*¦•' - _-¦'.
- $*3F0— Clementina st.'. near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 6 rooms and bnth: rent $25. . ' ¦
• UNIMPROVED. "
$16,000— Corner Franklin and Grove sts. ;-57x
6S:9. ' - ¦ \ * - :¦" ¦¦'¦',:
$5500 — Greenwich st.,near Taylor; 4R:10xl37:6.
¦ $."000— Capp etrf'fiear Twenty-fifth: 65x115.
Corner 19th ave. and Clement; 200x120. -.'
$4000 — Corner Jones and Filbert . sts. : 25x70. -
S35P0— Fulton St., near. Fillmore: 37:6x187:8. •
$3000 — Laeuna st.;*. near Page; " 25xl£O. " % ' • -
¦¦'¦ $22P0— TTnton St., . near U'ebster; 34:4^x137:6. \
$1500— Union St., near Octavia:, 25xf5..-.., « *'
$1250 each— Polk st... near Chestnut; "3 lots,
27-:6x87:6. :.•-;, ..•-•--.. ...
'. t S*2r0— Octq via St., near Union: 23x59:9/ ¦ *'¦
¦'.' JtirCC— Sanchez, nenr IRth; 25x105. ', ' : . " '
• *«S- a' front 'foot— Mission xt-.-near 2Sth. . '
$1100— Francisco st. near L-?avenworth: 2ixip2^
..•1400, lots, $200 to $400: terms easy; electric .road
passesv ..,..- •: ;.» ¦ '. . . ¦' ¦ ' " '.¦.¦'"''..¦;;
RENT MONEYr-New 5-room .and :bath house
- on Twenty-third St., near. Douglass : rHeyman
. Tract; can be purchased for your rent-money;
, gas-lo«r mantel :• open plumblns: «and. all: the
¦' most ' modern Improvements; , resident 'agent,
•James Cotter. -, . ; \,:'\-'. .', '..: ¦ • . -
'; AIpo 2 new 4-room houses on- Lundy lane,
near Mission . St. ; carhouse opposite; 1 terminus
Valencia' St. -cars. . • : .: -• .;
'- $750 — Lots fronting Ocean boulevard, nr. Park.:
'1 For; sale — 8-room house, near. Ocean - Benon,-
47th ave and J st; lots 5^x83; very reasonable. 1
- $150— Lots fronting San Jose ave. 'and electric
road. ¦ ¦". -.*.'¦" ¦ ¦ ¦-.• ,-¦-'¦,¦¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦' "'^ ¦ ¦
$750— Corner lots, 85x93. fronting San Jose
ave. ' and . electric road. • . . • -. .
: $250— Lota , 25x114, • on :¦ 29th st. near Diamond.
•Park lots, south side, $100 and upwards; easy
terms; $5. down. SI. per month. . v- . .; .'
- $450— North of Park. ¦ near • Chutes, 25x120. " . . ¦ :
$50— Lots. Elmhurst railroad station,, near.
Oakland; $1 down and $1 Der month. •
•-. . . . JACOB HEYMAN. •
. ". 117 ¦ Sutter; st
$50 LOTS — San Bruno ave.. San, Mateo County;
$ldown hnd.$l' per. month. ' -••-•> ; v
. ¦•*. • . : A ¦-- JjfcOB HEYMAN.
¦, - '\ :<'¦:.-' ¦-" 117 Sutter ' st
HAWKS & SKELTON. . • .- ;
- Rents ¦ Collected > and . Entire Charge Taken "
V , ¦ • : •.-•• of Property. ;. ;, .-¦.¦• ¦..: ¦',.
¦ - $0600— Flats; Larkln st, near Chestnut; near
Hyde-st.'cars: 15 minutes from this offlce; rents
$68: -view, of ¦'¦bay: a bargain. :; - ¦ ' - ' ---•;; .
• $2700— Pays big interest: Zoe/ near Third and
Bryant! rents $360 per annum: in good order. Jj
$i?000— Valencia-st. Investment; 2 good houses;
rents $45; lot alone worth^the, price. f ">
U Choice lots: Hyde. and iFrahcisco:, 15 minutes
from-our^offlTe:-8Uperb vl»w of . bay; corner;
I 35x1 12:. tZSW: inside lots' $1750.7 : . --
. $3000— Lot on south side Chestnut st, west of
Hvde; 27:6x11": fine view of bav/ - - ,."..*>-..
• $1200— Lot ¦ Stockton. •¦ near * Chestnut; 22x63:
flatn here wUl.pay.r.ig' Income. ¦ ¦• '^aas*T-W»S}3»
:: $1500— Lot ou> north side ' Fulton. • near . First
ave. :• facing p»rk:on wrlfne.'v;?-'-'; :¦ -.••¦¦ -¦ -
HAWKS &; SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st .._.
I1ORSES WAVTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four •
or Cve months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery St.. room 25.
HOSl'lTALS.
1IEXTAL «n<1 nervous disea.ee*— A few selec*.
cases will be cared for at Hospital and fcani-
tarlum. CSO Doudngs ft.. San Franelsoo.
HOUSES TO LET. '
A-PRINTKD Urt houses to let; Bend lor clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LF.LAND Hall. Palo Alto, to let for a year; a
larpe, well furnished, thlrteen-roomed house-
modern improvement s : central .location. Ad-
dress E. ACWORTH. Palo Alto.
H M U f«, f 5* lo ? 1Bt ave - off Laguna st. bet.
McAllister and Golden Gate; 4 rooms, large
basement
A HOUSE of 5 rooms and large yard. 2307
$7 MONTH— House, S rooms; sunny yard: good
neighborhood. Inquire at 2*6 Van Ness ave.
S-ROOM house, with stable; rent $15. 567
Bnant st.. near Fourth.
HOUSES w LET--FUR.MSHED.
J4P— 6 ROOMS and bath; modern plumbing-
comfortably furnished; piano, large yard
*"*.. n L view; * months or longer. Box* 4717,
Call office.
WANTED by a respectable person, to buy a
roomir-g-hcuEe of JO rooms on the install-
ment plan, to pay monthly payments out ot i
the profits of house. Add, box 46SS. Call.
WANTED— Nicely furnished house 10 to 1*
rooms, on Fell st.. west of Lyon et.; six I
months or lenrer.' Box 4G33. .Call.
LOST AXD POUXD. '
» RE-WAR"£^In San Rafael or between San
Kafael and Larkspur, on the 5:30 N. P C
R- R. train. August S. a pair of pold-rimmed
eyeglasses with chain and hook; case marked
California Optical Co. Finder please com-
municate with MISS B. C. BROWN Lark-
spur. Cal.
IF the part}" who by mistake took the pocket-
book containing money, echool warrant and
note from the ladies' parlor. Emporium, will
return same to the superintendent's office, i
Emporium, a suitable reward will be given. I
LOST— On Market st.. near ferry, or steamer
Piedmont Tuesday, August 6, gold watch.
Return to S35 Market st; reward.
LOST— At Sutro baths, two diamond rings, on
Tfcureday, August 8, 1901: Finder will please
return same to 915 Haight et. and receive
liberal reward.
FTRST-CLAES ticket. Topeka. Kans.. cheap.
103S Market St.. room 17, 10-12 a. m. to-day.
IF party that took enameled gold watch from
1063 Mission st. will return same $50 reward;
no questions esked. Address box 4673, Call."
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JANE J. METERSTEIN; No. J4-402.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Leather purse: contents, about $9 coin,
SI paper; reward. 2110 Central ave.
IT will pay to '•Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold to make new watch cases.
MATRIMOMAL.
MARKIAGE^u7e^uTe^tab7TlB7: reliable & con-
fiiientisl: Msts 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st
MATTRESSES A.\6 PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st:
tel. Biish 421.
MEDICAL.
RETURNED
MRS. DAVIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
thejgald number. 1 122S Market st.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Pracyce confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market st, corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
A— Dr. G. W. O'Donnell. renowned specialist:
I treat ladies only; all classes of female com-
plaints relieved; quickest results. 1018 Market.
MP.S. D. ALLEN7~ill8 Market-Reliable U-
dies' epeeialist; a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
HISDOKERB AND MRS. • DR. DAVIES'
original method of treatment; maternity
home: Etamp for circulars. 1126 Market S. F.
MRS. KOHL removed from Market to 410
O'Farrell st.. between Taylor and Jones.
THE WYETH Maternity Home removed from
Post to 410 O'Farrell st.. near Taylor.
Mrs. L. Brooke. M, D.— Obstetrics; diseases of
women. Miyg'.on and 16th.: tel.. Blue 132 1 )."
JUIXKS AAl). 3U.X1XG.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL-COKE.
MOVTEZUM A— COPPER— CO4 L-COKL.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
ADVISORY BOARD ORGANIZED.
At a meeting of shareholders at this offlce
Saturday. August 19. an Advisory Board of the
Montezuma Mining Company was organized for
California and other shareholders! of the south-
west. The board consists of nine members,
whose names win be later announced by cir-
cular. Thirty-five shareholders were present at
the meeting and Etock to the number of about
400.CCO shares was represented. Mr. J. S. C.
Thompson was elected delegate to the annual
etockholders' meeting in Tacoma, September
IP. 13CL '
A DIVIDEND DECLARED.
The Montezuma Mining Company has an-
nounced its first quarterly dividend, payable
October 31. 1S01. of $1 per thousand shares of
paid up stock: that Ijelng equivalent to 5 per
cent per annum on the average cost of shares
for the past six months. This dividend comes
from a single sale of coal and agrees .with the
policy to which the company Is committed."
Other and larger dividends may be confidently
expected from the same source as the produc-
ing capacity of the coal mines is increased.
Present price of shares Is ISc cash or 21c % on
Installments. These are strictly ground-floor
prices and the expenditure of a little money
¦will put one In poFeession of a considerable
block cf what is confessedly the best mining
etock on this or any other market at the price.
He who, waits for the low-priced stock of a
new company will lose the three years that the
Montenima has gained from Its success In
placing of chares. Write to us for full Infor-
mation concerning this big. strong, safe min-
ing company of Washington.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Selling Agents,
310 Safe Deposit bldg.. San Francisco, Cal.
WILL pay 12 cents for shares Montezuma
Mining Company of Washington ; don't write
unices yov want- to eelL A., box 4725, Call
.MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engrines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new ani
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1018. 1021. 1023
MiFKion et. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
1'iZ'j: easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 S6; 24-hand Phonograph*, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor, 3 sizes. S, 10. 29 Etamp mills;
30 mining ears, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 *eti> hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardine, 220 Fremont.
A— BUTS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, 4x>!)ers. water pipes, chaftlng, pulleys,
**tc WHITELAW. -2J3-:** Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hsnd building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices,
.Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market - st.
OXE 6et Fairbanks-Morse platform scales; ca-
paclty 80.0C0 pounds. Inquire at office Risdou
Iron Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
A— U 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7a. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73.^- MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 427 Montgomery «t
REAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
. ¦-..;¦•¦ Real Estate Agents,
- ' . ' ¦¦!:.' * 14 J Montgomery st.
$35,000— Beale . st., near . Mission; ,.45:10x137:6;
¦-. -- <: " only a short time to offer, as owner in-
tends imprpvlng unless sold at-onde. •--'(
$21,000 — Rents $1800 per annum;' choice- inside
business corner; • '2 — two-story brick
buildings. ¦ ; ¦¦" ' . .
$16,000— Rents $1200 ' per , annum; Leavenworth>
st, near Ellis; 2 three-story substantial
houses of 9 rooms and bath each. - 'With
little outlay this could be made a splen-
¦- did paying in^stment . -"¦
$12,500— Rents 11230 per ¦ anr.um; Scott st; .2
houses and 2 flats in perfect order; 55x
-¦'137:6. ' <. ;¦ - .; • •--¦>.¦- --;.;¦'
$12,000 — Price reduced to make quick sale; rents
$880 per annum; Inside property on Post
Bt, through to rear; arranged in flats.
$10,500— Reduced from $11,500; rents $1140 per an-
num; Clay st; near Devisadero; 2 new
choice sunny flats of 10, 12 rooms and
¦ bath each; make offer.
$10,000 — Rents $1200 - per annum; choice, north-
east corner in Western Addition; 6 two-
- ttory- houses of 6 rooms and bath each;
57:8x82:6; splendid investment. . ¦ .-.
$lO,000-rO'Farrell st.,' near .Leaven worth; im-
.-.• (yrovements consist- ; of 2-story building
" . of 8 rooms and bath. , v
$9,00O- ; -Rents $S64 per annum; choice corner on
Fulton st. , near park ; 3 " new bay-win-
dow flats of 6, .7,' 7 • rooms and bath;
- brick foundation, etc. ; 25x86:10. . • t .-¦.-•-¦
$S,5C&— Reduced from $10,500; rents $792 per an-
num; Oak st..' cloBe to Market; 4 flats;
27:6x120; double frontage. -
$7,250— Reduced from $8500; desirable corner-In
- Potrero. near Unioni Iron .Works; im-
provements consist of 9 tenements;' 50s
ico.- • ¦ - v ".- ; .
$6,900— Rents $SCO per annum; near Third and
Bryant sts. ;. improvements consist of 6
flats of 5, 4, 6 rooms . each ; . brick
foundation, etc.; always rented; 40x75.
$5,000— Reduced: rents $500 per annum ; tHarrlr
son st., near Sixth; improvements con-
sist of- 5 tenements; 25x75.- • •> "-^v '
. $5,000— Rents $<34S par annum; near Fourth and
. Bryant sts.; 5 fron^ and 2 rear flpta;
completely renovated and in splendid
'. conoition; Eanitary - plumbing; eio.;,3jx
• 80. This is a snap. . - . • i, •
$3,250 and $3500 — Choice building lots on •
northwest corner Hayes and Fillmore
sts. ; 25 and 27:6 foot front;; ideal loca-
tion for residences or flats.
' Choice list of building lots in all parts of the-
city. Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," containing; a list of . -property . f or
sale In all portions of the city.- • .
Latest Pocket Map of San • Francisco, 25c.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. -. -
14 Montgomery ; st.,
- Real. Estate' Agents.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st, 8. F.
BUSH STREET.
Three-story brick building, stores below,
rooms above; 4 tenants; rented for $290; lot 35x
137:6; price $40,000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER, .f".;
On Pacific ave.; marine and city view; all
ready to build on; 45 feet front; price reduced
to $11,000. ' r \
f THREE GOOD FLATS. 'r^ : '/...~/ i
-Near Buchanan st; 5 rooms and*T>ath each;
modern flats and up to . date; rented at $4/J
month; rents' are very low; should rent $50; a
quick sale desired;, price $4500. • .„
NEW FLATS. . . '• •" -
N For investment; in Panhandle district; 3 flats,
7 rooms each; strictly modern; rents $102 50 per
month; price $10,500. / ~. *V V
CHEAP LOT.
On Clay 8t. in Presidio Heights; 25x102 feet:
only $1500; the cheapest lot in the district ¦
VALLEJO STREET. ¦• ,
Modern residence of 9 rooms; finely finished
throughout; splendid marine view;. price $13,600.
RENTS $80— PRICE $8ft00. . -"•
Two modern flats on Devisadero St., • near
Washington; lot 25x110. .
- BARTLETT-ST. FLATS!
Near Twenty-first 1 st. ; 2 modern flats of 5 and
6 rooms; rent $45; price reduced to $4750; large
sunny lot. —
Send or call for lists of lots; houses built to
suit on any lot in San Francisco.
: ¦ r McAFEE BROTHERS,
' »' 108 Montgomery St.,
San Francisco.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO. . .
•LARGE BUSINESS CORNER.-
$50,ood— Rents $28S 50 a month; can be In-
creased; large corner 82:6x120, near Mechanics*
Pavilion.
: TURK AND MASON STS. [ .
i $13.500— Only 2 . blocks away; large lot and
house renting for bank interest; chance to
double your money In few years. . . .
GREAT SACRIFICE. .
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
$7000— Rent $70; 3 elegant Western Addition
flats on sunny side of street; near Park Pan-
handle. ¦ . . "
TWO CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
$8500— Rent $83; Howard st, near Sixth.
$7500— Rent $65; Folsom St., near Sixth.
To - be sold together. -
TWENTIETH-ST. FLATS. -
$3750— Rent $34; 2 elegant flats; step from car
line.
ELLIS ST.. NEAR MASON.
- $37,500— Rent $230; business property; has flne
future and pays well.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
. x , 20 Montgomery st.
i MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
REAL ESTATE AND LOANS,
. . 7th Floor, Crocker Building.
$4600— Rent $46; 2 flats of 6 rooms and bath
each; high basement; modern plumbing,
stationary .washtubs and all modern con-
veniences; large lot; street accepted; near
7th and Howard sts.; $3C0O can remain at
6 per cent. . .
I $2200 — Reduced from $2300 to make sale; cottage
¦ - of 5 rooms; modern plumbing and build-
r.'. ing: street accepted; $500 cash, balance
:'-t£ ' payments: 6 per cent interest: near. HOW-
S' ard and 8th sts.; save carfare; within
"'¦-,..,.. walking distance of work. .- : "
$425Or-Rent $45; $2500 can remain at 6 per cent;
-.A .Natoma st, near 8th; four flats and two
S^fc-s rear flats; all in good condition and ai-
<"¦":./ ways rented; rents can easily be in-
".':. - 'creased to $52; best buy. on Natoma st.:
: . ' pays over 18 per cent on money invested.
;. - ¦. - MANHATTAN LOAN COMPAN T. >
' V ..*'. ¦-, . Crocker Build ins:.
FOR SALE BY ' . ' ¦ - » ~
•- ¦ *- JULIEN SMITH, - j ;
' ; . REAL ESTATE -AGENT.
i •'..,420 Montgomery Street.- • ' ¦'- '
BUSINESS - PROPERTY ON. CALIFORNIA
r-jj -s. STREET, NEAR. DEVISADERO. -
- — ! — -. r Lot 27:6x137:6; . i
¦ — Store and Flitt Above-^ — ' — — - — --
¦ Nice business block; level; air street work
done; crwE.llne of cars;- stores of every class
around;; one of the best business stations in
Western Addition;, title insured for $4000: pol-
icy can be assigned to purchaser; price $43C0.
SUTTER STREET LOT.
30:6x164:1 — — — — -~i_ —
North Side, bet. Scott. and Devisadero-^
. Fine sunny Jot; unusual frontage and depth;
belongs to non-residents and mue.t be sold;
it, pleasa: only $3700. t' ">
KEY LOT AND COTTAGE. '
A sweet cottage. 6 rooms, bath, etc., on a key
lot: front, south side, and rear facing sun all
day; Western- Full particulars at
office; price $4150. - - ,
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. .Real Estate
26 Montgomery st... Room. 11.
Rents collected. Full charge taken of property
$16,500— 75 ft. on Mission st.i and < Impts for
factory; rents $112; bargain. ¦" ¦ . ¦ -¦¦ . > ¦ '
" $4850— Stylish ¦ new . flats, 4 and 5 rooms- very
sunny; rents $40; Twenty-third st. . ' ¦ - •.
$3750—2 flats. 4 & 5 rooms; Baker st. ; rents $11
$3000— Modern 4 and 5 room flats; California-
st. and Eighth ave.; rents $30.
$2150— Sr.ap; Clay-st. lot, 23x100; north side;
flne residence location. - _ ..... •
¦ $8000— Bargain ; Howard, nr. 8th. ; bug. prop.
' SUNSET HEIGHTS PARK LOTS -¦
JT.0O to $850, ON "EASY. TERMS.
¦ $825— Eleventh -ave., ¦ between H?. and • I ¦ sts.,
near Park music stand; cars pass' block i -¦ ' '
, $3250— Houses— easy terms— above block, 6 and
7 rooms, • bath. etc. ; • plans at office. - ; ¦
A.i E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery st,
room 11; branch office, Sunset, 1 1215 Ninth ave.
$10,500— THREE- new flats,: 21 rooms; rents $100
. per mo. : nr. Park Panhandle. • .
$4750 — Two flats.' almost new; 5 and 6 rooms;
one block from the Park;, rent $45... . .-
$4000— Just f completed; strictly | modern* 7-
; room house ;' Castro, .nr.' 20th;' % cashr-
. $2250— CottRge. 6 rooms; 22d st, nr..Dolores
.." ; JEROME ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery st.'.^
¦ ¦- ¦ - -$5750. ~~~77~~ r ~ r ~7~-
MUST BE SOLD! . . . '
POST ST..- NEAR IN..
Substantial* 9-room residence; .saloon parlors-
French 'range; see this and make an offer; lot
27x137 :6 ; .. small ¦ expense would convert to flats
and pay big.. Full particulars of - * '¦ .' •
TURNER & CO.. ;
: Real Estate Brokers, . 11 < Montgomery st .
FOR SALE— Bargain: cottage of 5 rooms and
¦ - bath ; 2 . rooms unfurnished ; - large basement •
Apply to-day; owner on property, ;Humboldt
•'¦st,- between Kansas and- Vermont*. _ ¦ :-. ¦
FOR SALE — A' $6500 handsome ; 10-room resi-
dence for $5000; easy payments'; healthy loca-
tion ; south front ; close to car line ; ¦ splendid
. view ; ' nice . garden In * front ' and rear of the
' house.' Box 4674. . Call ; of flee.
VALLEJO ST., Pacific Heights. ... ••',-.,
¦ 27:6x137:6 ..........¦..............: ......'.$2575
Corner.- . 32:6x100 ••.'••;¦.......:.....:.-.....;.:. 3750
. THE ; MCCARTHY CO.,-646 Market at 1 i
BAY-WINDOW cottage.: with good- basement
. and a vacant corner, lot, 50 ft. front; all ' for
. 1 $1750; Inquire Plelhop's grocery, 243 . Cortland
ave:..VAL. LAPLANCH.. ;¦,;._ - v
$7C0— House and lot, ; Mission,'- 8 rooms; barn,
; well. -' Inquire : £56 ' Jessie St., . rear, . near [ 7th.
ONE more «-room house on easy terms ' by ¦ J.
; "ANDERSON, 1818 Elizabeth st..- nr. Douglass.ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN TO
CONFIRM A LARGE CLASS
PERSONAL MENTION.
Pastors Will Discuss the
• Strike.
Special Services at the Italian Church.
Archbishop Rlordan will administer con
firmation in the Italian church at 4 o'clock
this afternoon.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on
"Your Father in Heaven" and In the
evening on "Daniel Livingston, the Hero
of the Dark Continent." i
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Power We Have Over Other
People's Lives" and in the evening on
"The Other Side of the Great Strike."
H. J. McCoy, secretary of the T. M. C.
A., will address the mass meeting this
afternoon. His subject will be "The Im
portance of a Right Start in Life."
Rev. T. Brown of the A. M. E. Zion
Church will preach this morning on "The
Teachings of the Gospel — the Hope of the
Moral "World" and in the evening on "The
Power of Influence." * .
Rev. Milton D - Buck of Trinity M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "Les
sons From the Strike" and in the evening
tha Epworth League will conduct the ser
vices.
Rev. Mr. Westenberg will occupy the
pulpit of the California-street M. E.
Church this morning and evening.
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "The
Need of a Conscious Hold Upon the Per
sonality of the Holy Spirit" and In the
evening on "Paying the Lord Our Vows."
Rev.-S. D. Hutslnplller of the Central
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Some Great Fields of Labor and Useful
ness" and In the evening on "The Variety
and Union of Good Work and Workers."
Rev! John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E! Church will conduct services
for the aged this morning. In the even
ing Rev: R. S. Pardington, D. D., of New-
York will conduct a revival service.
MISSOURI SOCIETY
HAS AN ANNIVERSARY
The First Year of the Organization's
: Existence Celebrated Last
t -.• Evening.
The Missouri Society of California held
Its first anniversary meeting ln the marble
room -of the Palace last evening; the day
was also the anniversary of the admission
of Missouri Into the Union.
The meeting opened-wlth a very clever
ly actedlittle farce entitled, "Who's From
Missouri.',' ;;This was succeeded by an
election, of officers, and the following gen
tlemen were chosen' to serve for the en
suing year: President, Attorney General
Tiery L. Ford; first vice president. Lieu
tenant Governor Jeter; second vice presi
dent. Dr. J.S. Potts; third vice president
Hon. J. J. De Haven; treasurer, W. A.
Jacobs; secretary, M. L. Spencer. A few
excellent musical ' numbers closed the
evening. , Among .those present, was one
young lady who owned to Pike County
She would not give her name for publi
cation. : ' :, - ; .
CANNERIES UNITED;
STOCK DISTRIBUTED
in the Northwest Country
; Is Completed.
Consoliation of Thirty Big Canneries
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 10.— The work of
consolidating about thirty salmon can
neries on Puget Sound and in Alaska waa
completed to-day and the Pacific Pack
ing and Navigation Company paid over
about $5,000,000 in .cash and distributed
stock to the various cannery men who
have come into the . combination. The
firms who constitute the new company
follow: Pacific-American Fisheries Com
pany. Pacific Steam Whaling Company
Ainsworth •& Dunn, Falrhaven Cannerv
Company,^ Quadra „ Packing Company,
Icy Straits Packing Company. Taku
Packing Company, Chilkoot Packing
Company, Thlinket Packing Company
Chatham Straits Packing Company Bos'
ton Fishing and Packing Company'"
E..E. Ainsworth.Jhe manager of the
company said: "The pack of the com
pany this should be 1,500.000 cas™
As far as this year Is concerned it would
be poor management to attempt to revolu
tionize things, and I am contented to have
the canneries run along as they have been
since the season opened." Deen
Mr. and Mrs. J. 8. Tobin are at tha
Palace. V ;"_ < ,
James F. Morgan of Honolulu Is at tha
Occidental.
. Mr. and Mrs. Lee Gray of Fresno ara at
the California.
William Rider, the San Josa capitalist,
ia a suest at the Lick.
P. H. Qulnn, a hotel man of Santa Rosa,
is staying at the Lick.
W.' R. Spaldlng is registered at the Lick
from his home ln Vlaalia.
Among the recent arrivals at tha Falaca
Is J. M. Forsytb, U. S. N.
Willi3 Pike is registered at tha Grand
from his home in Fresno.
F. M. Buck, the Vacaville fruit man, Is
at the Grand with his wife.
Dr. H. 1 Simons of New Tork is among
the late arrivals at the Palace.
"W. F. Barnes, a manufacturer of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Grand.
E. H. Hay, V. S. A., is among the army
arrivals of yesterday at the Occidental.
H. J. Small, master mechanic of tha
Southern Pacific at Sacramento, is at tha
Palace.' .
Senator A; F. Jones of OrovUle ia at tha
Palace, accompanied by his wife and
daughter.
Dr. A. M. Richie, one of the leading
physicians of Pacific Grove, is a guest at
the prand.
Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Russell have coma
up from Los Angeles and are at the Pal
ace for a few days.
Mr and Mrs. Fred A. House-worth have
returjied from their honeymoon trip and
are at the California^
Man Arrested in El Dorado Confesses
to a Number of
Crimes.
SAYS THAT HE SHOT
AT A DEPUTY SHEBIFF
SACRAMENTO. Aug. lO.-Sheriff Keena
and Deputy Coan of Placer County to-dav
arrested a man who gives the name of R
Vogel, near the Mammoth Bar miJi
El Dorado County, and are Sow on 'the
.^th him to Auburn, where h? will
be tried on a charge of, having attemDTed
to murder a Placer County Deputy -Sheriff
a* few days ago by : shooting. has
confessed that he was fleeing tnm- jus
tice, having set flre to a barn inTvvheat^
o n arrtst d h?m th ?r Ugh r the °? cer "tatoSS
to arrest him. He also confessed that he
Californians in New York.
NEW ioRK. Augr. 10.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From Sao
Francisco— H. Brannen and wife, at • tha
Grand Union; L. Christopher, at the •Bel
vedere: C. H. Gray, at the Holland: H.
Lazarus, at the Albemarle; G. C. "Wil
mot and wife, at the Grand: F. McPher
son, at the Victoria: Dr. A. Barker, at the
Manhattan; F. Frohman and. wife. .C, C.
Plaut. at the Imperial; S. Weil, at tha
Herald Scuare.
From San Diego— W. O. Bowen, at tha
Broadway Central. ¦ ¦ : •
From San Jose— E. McFarland, at tha
Sartnoldi. . '
loSer^hrwn 1 ? •" Crop Is ln nter tne
longer the bill in summer.
The terms of the sale were one-quarter
cash, the balance being a flat loan at 6
per cent.
The other principal transactions of the
week were the purchase by the National
Ice and Cold Storage Company of a lot on
the south side of Lombard street, 137:6
west of Sansome, on which a nine-story
building will be erected, the total invest
ment representing an outlay of $125,000.
Charles I* Tilden Is also a purchaser of
property in the same vicinity, which will
also be devoted to cold storage purposes.
He has secured the Haslett warehouse
property*, owned by the Clarke estate,
and located on the west side of Front
street, between Broadway and Vallejo
street, for $40,000. This building, which is
one of the old landmarks of San Fran
cisco, will be altered to fit it for cold stor
age purposes. Another large transaction
in which Tilden figures as the purchaser
represents the transfer of a lot on the
southeast side of Mission street, 223 feet
northeast of Fifth, the size of the lot be
ing 120x160 feet, the consideration named
being $85,000. With the continued im
provement of Mission street, especially at
its lower end, the property is expected to
quickly increase in value. . .
Building operations 'are very slow and
owners are afraid to conclude a number
of pending .contracts on account -of the
strike. #
Lot 27:6x127:8*4 feet, with 12-room house, 2713
Pacific avenue, near Scott street, $11,700 (sub
ject to confirmation); lot 27:6x110, with house of
S rooms. - 711 1 Leavenworth street, near Post.
110,000; lot 25x75, with modern residence. 2904
Bush street, near Lyon, $4200; lot 50x95. with
nne modern flats, 3124 to 3132 Twenty-nrst
street, near Howard, $11,000; two lots on Eliza
beth street, near Douglass, each with a cottage
of five rooms, sold for J1760 and $1775 respec
tively; lot 25x114 . feet, on the south side of
Noe street, sold for J500; a lot 25x125 feet, with
small cottage, on Sadowa street in Ocean View,
sold for $650. ;v-
Comparative dullness has marked the
real estate market the last week Two
conditions combined- to produce this re
sult. The first is the summer exodus of
those whose wealth permits them to en
gage in large transactions, and the sec
ond and more Important is the very much
disturbed situation in labor circles. With
an early settlement of labor troubles buy
ers and sellers could be quickly brought
together and impending deals of consid
erable magnitude -vould be consummated.
The total sales for the last month ag
gregated 391, with monetary considera
tions Involved of $2,601,359. All parts of
the peninsula are represented in these
transactions, the larger number being in
the Mission and Western Addition.
During the same period 347 mo rtga»es
were recorded, covering'. *L8b7.aT7. while
the releases were 243. amounting to
$843 0°9
One 'of the peculiarities of the last
month was the great demand for nats.
These domiciles are scarce and in the
choice locations bring good rentals. As
the business portion of the city expands
into heretofore choice locations the de
mand for flats has spread over the entire
city. Lots in the northwestern portion of
the city, worth from $1000 to $2500, accord
ing to Magee's Real Estate Circular, are
very much in demand in the districts
bounded by Vallejo, Union, Buchanan and
Devisadero streets and Clay and Jackson
streets and Central and First avenues.
The demand for property in the Mission
and Panhandle districts ia rep.orted slow.
John Shuey has bought from H. Felge
the row of flats on the west line of Capp
street, near Twenty-fifth, for $6500.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. announce the fol
lowing as the result of their credit auc
tion sale held last Tuesday:
Puppy stake, first round — Kelly & Haalen's
Hickory Dick beat George Nsthereott's Fearful
Ship. 5-2; Pasha. Kennels* Real Aristocrat beat
E. Geary's Fentl. 14-4; J. Blgglo's Colma Bella
beat A. R. Curtis' Rowena, 6-3; Sterl A
Knowles' Freeze Out beat H. Lynch's Clarice,
8-2; J. Seggerson's Algla McDonald beat F.
Jones' Dorothy Belle. 12-1: C. O. Peterson's
Haphazard beat P. SteinhofTs Pasha Belle, 12-0;
T. Donnelly's Flora Temple beat P. M. Curtis*
Becky Sharp. 12-8; T. Jolley's Toronto beat E.
Hood's Jim Markland. 5-0.
Open stake, first round— E. M. Kelloi;;'*
Frisco Lad beat T. J. Mclnerney'3 Annie Hall,
14-6; E. Geary's Ireland beat Sterl & Knowlea'
Ripple, 4-2: Ed Neave's ¦ First Foot beat W.
Shear's Liberty Bell, 7-5: Ed Neave's
Boy beat Spiteful. 5-2; F. .A— McComb's Bona
Fide beat E. Geary's America.. 7-4; E. L. Hath
away's Bridget Cleary beat A. R. Curtis" Blu«
Ribbon, 19-14; Star Kennels' Mayflower beat
George Sharman's St. Ives, 5-4; Chiarini Bros.'
Dewdrop beat T. J. Mclnerney's Norah, 5-0;
F. A. McComb's Sii- Pasha beat M. Nealon's
Achilles, 4-3; T. J. Mclnerney's Regina R beat
S. Henderson's Trade Dollar. 12-1; Pasha Ken
nells' Roman Athlete beat E. Geary's Bonnia
Pasha, 6-4; P. M. Curtis' McKinley beat Pasha
Kennels' Snapshot. 12-8; A. R. Curtis 1 Fly by
Night a bye; A.,, Vanderberg's Naughty Girl
beat P. M. Curtis*, ghadow. 3-1; Star Kennels'
Herschel's Pride beat-Pasha Kennels' Real Ar
ticle. 13-10: F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat P.
Doyle's Liberator, 5-3; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat
T. J. Mclnerney's Rusie R, 5-0; D. J. Healey's
Tapioca beat J. Markland's The Grafter. . 12-0;
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat Pasha Kennels'
Royal Archer, 4-3; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud
beat Captain Clarkson's Miss Brummel, 13-0;
F. A. McComb's Greenback beat J. H. Mehar
ry*s Melpomene. 8-4; P. J. Relay's Honesty
beat R. Strahl's Three Cheers, 8-1; J. Dowllng's
Sir Lawrence beat E. M. Kellogg's Iowa Lad,
16-4; Star Kennels' Fontenoy beat Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Anne. 12-2; Yosemite Kennels' Moss
beat R. X. Curtis' Echo. 7-5; E. Geary's Palo
Alto beat M. Nealon's Agamemnon. 7-2; Sterl
& Knowles' For Glory beat Pasha Kennels'
Rocker, 4-0: W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick beat
Star Kennels' Pickpocket, 3-0: F. A. McComb's
Little Sister beat Star Kennels' Black Head.
12-1; P. J. Relay's Royal Union beat J. Mori
arity*s Klttleman, 5-3; A. R. Curtis* Rector
beat D. J. Healey's Tiburon. 7-2; A. R. Curtis*
Loyal Lad beat E. M. Kelloarg's Modest Lad.
10-6; A. R. Curtis' Candelaria. beat T. J. Mc
lnerney's Johnnie R, 8-0; J. H. Perlgo's Far
away beat F. A. McComb's Royal Flush, 4-0*
A. R. Curtis* Flying Fox beat J. R. McCarthy's
John Doe, 3-2; F. A. McComb's Motto beat T.
J. Cronln's Klllarney. 6-1; A. R. Curtis* Kins
Cotton beat Chiarini Bros'. Santonin. 12-5: Pasha
Kennels' For Freedom, beat M. Nealon' •
Aeneas, 4-2; J. Mortality's Snapper Garrison
beat M. B. Kavanaugh's Swedish, »-«; F. Cox's
Crockett Hill beat L. F. Bartels* Best Barraln,
12-8: D. J. Healey's Lady Clara beat G«org*
Sharman's Black Flush, 6-2; Ed Neave's Cast
away beat R. Strahl's Tru« Friend, 12-4; T. J.
Cronln's Parlor Maid beat Joseph Porter's Bald
Head, 5-1; Star Kennels' Game Boy beat Cap
tain Clarkson's Golden Garter , 6-2; Sterl Jk
Knowles' OUta beat Star Kennels' Master Law
rence, 4-0; J. A. Klein's Coronado beat T.
Barre's Amadee, 7-1; Chiarini Bros.' Whit* Hat
beat H. Lynch's Cotton Ball, 6-0; E. M. Kel
logg* s Sweet Emma beat D. Donovan's Railway
Boy, 6-0.
Freeze Out is picked to walk away with
first money. Following are the day's re
sults, with Judge John Grace's official
scores:
In the puppy stake Colma Belle beat
Rowena, a 6 to »1 favorite; Flora Temple,
at 5 to 1, beat Becky Sharp; Real Aristo
crat beat Fenti at 5 to 3.
At Union Coursing Park yesterday tha
initial rounds of the two stakes offered as
the regular weekly attraction were pro
ductive of clean, fair testa. In the open
event the results were quite satisfactory
to the talent. Throughout the run-down
the favorites were successful in all but
five courses. ¦ Bona tide, the first short
end to get the flag, beat America, a 3 to I
choice, and in tn<» next course Bridget
Cleary outpointed A. R. Curtis 1 youngster,
Blue Ribbon, in a Ions, hard run at odds
of 5 to 2. Naughty Girl, with 8 to 1 against
,her, beat Shadow for the decision. Tho
Grafter, on whom the wise ones had
placed their small change at the rate of
5 to 3, failed to score a point in his go
with Tapioca. After a monotonous run of
twenty-two courses with out cashing tha
pikers found a helper in Crockett Hill.
Five to two that Best Bargain would win
the course was taken by the pikers, wfto,
with this winning, scored their last in tha
The course between. For Glory and
Rocker bordered somewhat on the sensa
tional. The dogs neared the hare when
close to the fence and together drove In
in an effort to secure the kill. For a mo
ment all that was visible was a heavy
cloud of dust, and when it cleared away
both dogs were seen recovering from an
upset, but without the hare. The Jack
had taken advantage and was seeking
the escape .when For Glory sighted and
with her companion was soon in pursuit.
When the pair came together again For
Glory killed and got the flag.
For stake honors it looks as though
Flying Fox, at 6 to 1, has almost a cer
tainty on second place at least. Palo Alto
is the choice at 2 to L He figures to meet
Rector in the third round. Rector Is at
5 to 1. and despite the difference in pries
has a good chance to take the place which
the wise ones have allotted to Geary" a
L«hampion. Dewdrop .will be a factor at
"the close of the day's sport unless the un
expected happens. Ireland, Luxor. For
Glory and Game Boy are at 8 to 1 and
Honesty is quoted at 10.
Winners in the second round look to b»
Ireland. Homer Boy, Bona 1 ide, Dewdrop,
Sir Pasha, Roman Athlete, Naughty Girl,
Harlean Gladys, Luxor, Fine Fire, Hon
esty. Fontenoy. Palo Alto. For Glory, Lit
tle Sister, Rector to beat Farawag, Fly
ing Fox to beat Snapper Garrison, Motto
to beat Loyal Lad, King Cotton to beat
Crockett Hill, Lady Clare. Game Boy,
Olita. Sweet Emma.
Open Event Has a Good Lot
of Greyhounds Contest
ing for Prizes.
Summer Exodus and Strike
Blamed for State of .
Transactions f in Realty
a Lack of
Activity.
Has More Than a Show
Against Champion
Palo Alto.
DEALERS CLAIM
TRADE IS SLOW
RECTOR COUNTED
A GOOD CHANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT^ SUNDAY; AUGUST 11, 1901;
30
OAKLAND: ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATB.J
A GENUINE BARGAIN. ' .
Telegraph-ave. lots, in Berkeley, 336 feet,
fronting the avenue, and within easy walk
of train; greatest chance ever offered to se-
cure such lots, any elze desired; only $15 per
¦ front foot; will double in -a year.- WILLIAM
J. DIXGEE. 903 Broadway. Oakland.
$5500— A CHOICE home in a fine location; closs
to train, street cars, schools, churches and
easy walk to Broadway: lot 50x113; house has
9 rooms, hath and aH modern improvements;
reduced from $7500 for quick sale; very easy
- terms. WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway.
$2000— EXCEPTIONAL bargain in a fine cot-
tage home: large lot 50x125 ;. very desirable
modern cottage of 7 rooms, bath, high base-
ment, all conveniences: $300. down, balance
can remain at $10 per month. WILLIAM J.
DINGEE. 3C3 Broadway. ¦ ¦ ¦ " .
EAST OAKLAND home— On your own terms;
large N. E. corner lot. 75x125; house all
modern; has 9 large rooms and every con-
venience; beautiful grounds; three electric
lines within four blocks; close to schools;
fine view, can never be obstructed; only $6500;
. cost ov*r $10,000. .WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 Broadway.
MOST DESIRABLE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
Any .Size.
Street work is all complete.
Fine neighborhood.
The electric lines pass the property.
20 Homes - . . ¦ -
Built here within last six months.
Go and see them.
Lots front Thirty-third st.
Thirty-fourth st.
Thirty-fifth Et.
Thirty-sixth st.
Market and West sts.
Your own terms; low interest. . "
Prices range from $15 to S20 per foot
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway.
$175 CASH; $9 monthly; % acre, more or less,
with a rustic cottage of 3 rooms; chicken
house, shed, etc.; nice assortment of full-
bearing fruit trees; fine living spring; city
water in house: 6-foot picket fence, trees and
shrubbery: fine soil; no fogs nor raw winds;
nicely sheltered; Just the spot for chicken
raising; price $900 all told; two blocks from
electric car line; 9 minutes" walk to local
train S. F.; near 2 fine school houses and 2
churches: adjoining East Oakland. Call or
send for circular.". 455 Seventh st.. opposite
Broadway Station. Oakland: carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAXD FURNISHED HOUSE >.
FOR rent— Lovely home; nicely furnished; nine
100ms: piano, large yard; reasonable to good
tenant. 1315 %Vebster st.. Oakland.
A MODERN house of 8 rooms completely fur?
nished; lawn, flowers, etc.; an Ideal home.
Apply 6S5 Thirty-third St.. Oakland.
FOR SALE.
ELEGANT new furniture of a new 7-room
flat for sale and flat to rent reasonable:
owner leaving Oakland must sell; time given
on part payment. 640 Twelfth St.. Oakland. I
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APPLY 620 Folsom— Furnished rooms for fami-
Ues wlth'children; large grounds; lower floor.
CAPP, 634. near Twenty-first— Three furnished
housekeeping rooms; private family; refs. ;
CAPP, €24—2 rooms for light housekeeping; rent
reasonable.
CHATTANOOGA, 106— Sunny furnished room.
DEVISADERO, 1311"A— 3 or 4 sunny handsome-
ly furnished rooms for housekeeping; modern.
EDDY, 933 — 4 unfurnished sunny rooms; pri-
vate residence; no children; fine location.
EIGHTH, 225—3 unfurnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; water |ree; $10.
ESSEX. 12 (.Rincon Hill)— Large sunny rooms
for housekeeping; also single room.'
FOLSOM, 525— Sunny furnished front suite:
light housekeeping; $2 25 a week.
HARRISON, 731—2 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; rent $14; bath.
HOWARD, 72S, near Third— Housekeeping
rooms complete. $11 ; also front room. $7.
HOWARD. 761*4— Sunny bay-window suite with
kitchen; others; reasonable.
HYDE. 408— Sunny front parlor suite complete
for housekeeping. $25; also basement suite.
JONES. 513 — Two single furnished rooms; also
housekeeping. »
LARKIN. 613—2 small family suites for house-
keeping; reasonable: 75c gas for cooking.
LARKIN, 623—2 or 3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
gas, bath, closets. $14 to $17; also parlor, i
LEAVENWORTH. 515—2 or 3 housekeeping '
rooms; sunny; adults. •
LEAVENWORTH, 1003— Large room, carpeted,
partly furnished; connected with complete
kitchen; adults; $20.
LEXINGTON ave., 376—3 furnished rooms for ,
housekeeping; kitchen complete.
MINNA, 514—2 nicely furnished rooms .. for
housekeeping; rent reasonable. *
MINNA. B49 — 2 rooms furnished complete for
housekepenlg, $6 and $8. '
MISSION. 817— Two basement- housekeeping
rooms, furnished; rent $2; no children. ;¦
MISSION, 1119— Sunny bay-window front and
back rooms: single rooms; housekeeping al-
lowed ; moderate.
NICE front sunny rooms for housekeeping fur-
nished complete, $1 75 to $2 per week. Apply/
at shoe store. £63 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d.
NORFOLK. 32A. near 11th— A nice furnished
room for single woman; use of kitchen: rent
$3 per month.
OAK, 247—2 unfurnished rooms for light house-
keeping. ' .
1 OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary — Sunny bay-window
kitchen and suite or single, $6 up. " ¦ l-'t .'¦
POLK. 1002—3 and 6 room suites, completely
. furnished for housekeeping: $15 up; reference.
POWELL, 1431—2 or 3 large sunny connecting
rooms; sink; gas and bath; also single rooms.
SECOND, 212— Furn. rooms for housekpg: other
rooms; clean and respectable; no children.
SHOTWELL, 878—2 sunny connecting rooms:
separate entrance; gas, range, bath . and
laundry. ' . . .'
SIXTEENTH. 2822— Sunny furnished^ room*.
I with or without, housekeeping; every,' con-
. venience. ¦ • • .
SOUTH PARK. 184— 2. nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping. . • ,. ¦
TEHAMA, 44— 3 housekeeping rooms. ",;
THIRD, 334— Single and housekeeping rooms for
rent:- yard- for children. ' . ¦"£.-¦"
TURK, 123— Sunny rooms, \jiewly ' furnished,
light housekeeping. ¦' ' , •'
TURK, 625 — Solar fiats: fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; janitor.
WEBSTER, 710— Two large sunny unfurnished
rooms and bath for couple; $12 50; private; no
children. . ' .. • i -,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
fall. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the 1
.T7n*t*rt Pti>t»*i nr Canada on#.year for $1. ."¦:
I ROOMS. TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
: ROOMS — . TO LET.
A— Tor rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest ln city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny st.; tel. 2334 Red. .:
I AHLBORN HOTEL— 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
I day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
I large rooms. 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth-Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 p»r week," and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle: take McAUIster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third —200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to, $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BACHELOR Hotel. 38 Mason St.— 100 newly
furnished rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,'
electric lights in every room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central. . .
BRADY, 33, off Market— Sunny newly furnished
rooms. $6 and $7: private family. «0
BURNETT. U26 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2C4 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; - prices reasonable, j
EDDY. 156— A lady has fitted up a new f ur-
nished flat: would like gentleman • to take
roo«n or man and, wife; sunny.
EDDY 210-Elegant parlor; ¦ also single and
double room: K and up. . •- , .".*••.-•.
EDDY.' 616— Nice single room with board; Drl-
vate family; terms reasonable. 1 > » *,¦;.¦ ;
ELLIS. 1478— Furnished front and back parlor'
¦ with or without use of kitchen. .- . ... '.
FIFTH, 264— Nice front room for younr man-
closet; bath; *7. ! ~ ¦ . ;¦- .. '
BENTOX— DUCHUSNE-In this city, August
S. 1901;. at the Howard-street M.,E. Church,
by the. Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Charles
H. Benton of West -Berkeley and Jeanne F.
' Duchusne of San - Francisco.
BROOKE— HOOPER— In this city, August 6.
1801, by the Rev. John Hemphill, Dr. Wil-
liam A. . Brooke of Loom is and Jennie A.
Hooper. | p
DURELL— LOOSLIE— In this city, August 8,
.1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Earnest J. Durell and Elizabeth Looslie.
. both of San Francisco.
E1CHENBERO— DAVIS— In San Jose, April 9,
1900, .by -, the Rev. .-T. S. Young, William
Eicheriberg and " Stella Davis, both of San
Francisco. . ¦ . . ¦ ¦ \
GROTH— ANDERSON— In . this city. August 8,
1901, by, the Revi O. Groensberg, Maas T.
Groth and Marie Anderson.
HOPK1NS-E VANS-In this city. August * 1.
1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B." Wilson,
. John D. . Hopkins and Grace Evans,' both of
San Francisco. . .- • ¦
MARTIN-McCRAY-In this city, August 9,'
1901, by -the Rev. Dr. ¦ John A. B. . Wilson.
Homer Martin and Lulu Belle McCray, both
of Oakland. ¦¦ .
MILLER— WARD— In this city, July 22^ 1901.
Fred Miller and LHlie Ward, both of New
\ork City.. • ¦ /
MAEEIED.
BORN.
ALTEMUS-ln this' city.' August 9, 1901. to
• the wife of J.-. Altemus. a son. •
BLUM— In West Berkeley. August 7. 1901, to
the wife of. Charles Blum, twins.. .
BRANCH-In thU "city. August 1. . 1901. to the
.wife cf George. H. Branch, a son. r
CAHILL— Xn> this cltv.4 July ' 21. 1901; to - the
wife of^TVilliam Cahill. a daughter. •
DILLON— In this city. August 6. 1901. to the
.wife of M. M. Dillon, a ' daughter.- |
DONOVAN— In this city, 1 August 7. 1901, to
. the wife of J. j. Donovan, a son.
ECKLEY— In this city,, August 9; 1901, to the
wife cf -W. H. Eekl?y. a son. .
LITTLE— In this city, July IS, 1901, to tha wife
• of John Little, , a son. '• ¦
LYMAN— In this city, to the wife of John R.
Lyman, a daughter.
SCHMIDT— In this-city, August -6. .1901. to the
wile of Walter Schmidt, a daughter. . .-
THOMPSON— in this city. July 26. 1901, "to the
_wife of ; John Thompson, a daughter. . ' :
Birth, 1 death and marriage notices "¦ sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication j offices and be
Indorsed -with the: name and residence -of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-^MARRIAGES^DEATHS.
BERKELEY. ADTERTISEMNTS.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HOMES IJC BERKELEY.
t270O— New 6-room house. $200 down, *25 per
month. $50C0— Fine new modern house, with
large lot. I1S0O— 5-room cottage, with 2 lots.
J1650— New 6-room house. $2700— 8-room house
in West Berkeley, with 3 lots, fruit trees.
8 flowers, windmill. $1200 — 4-room .cottage: a
nne bargain. $850— i-room cottage. J220O— A
fine 6-room cottage at Lorln. no better bar-
gain in Berkeley. $1400-y5-room cottage, $500
down. $26 .50— New 6-room modern house,
very homelike. $S50 down, near street cars;
all street work done. $4000 — 11-room house,
$3W) down, monthly payments. $3250— 6-room
house in Scenic Tract. Several houses, ln
West Berkeley from $1500 upward.
LATOFF & WILKINS.
2121 Center St.. Berkeley, Cal.
11400— HOUSE of 5 rooms; lot 60x130; east of
railroads.
JS500— Only one block from university, on sunny
elde of street: well-built house, of .6
rooms: lot 5CxlS5; street work done.
$3000 — A fine corner; lot G0xl3&: house of 6
rooms, bath; street work all done; only
one block from station and near uni-
versity; a thorough bargain.
Only $2750 — A fine two-story S.ouse of 7 rooms
and bath; window shades, combination
fixtures; on sunny side of street; a bar-
gain.
53300— Well-built two-etory house of 9 rooms,
bath, etc.; flee corner lot; near the sta-
tion and electric cars; all modern im-
provements. J. J. MASOX,
Berkeley Station.
NO. 114—$5700; 10-room house; lot 60x155; best
part of beautiful Berkeley.
No. 118— $1250; 6-room cottage: fine neigh-
borhood: throe blocks to Berkeley station:
«=asy payments.
No. 122— $1200; 6 rooms and attic; corner lot;
5(ncllO; a bi? bargain.
No. 119 — 11750; a rooms and high basement:
attic floored: three blocks to local; one block-
to electric oars.
No. 132— $6200; block of 4 Hats, well located;
all rented; excellent investment: owner go-
ing East; must be sold.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate and Insurance.
Opposite First National Bank.
CALL and see the two new 6-room cottages I
am building; high basement; mantel; all the
latest plumbing; well, tank and windmill;
10 ininutes to R. R. station; price only $1400;
$100 cash; balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
>"ETV 6-room cottage, high basement, mantel,
folding doors, tiled sink, pantry, electric and
gas fixtures; all the .latest open plumbing;
only 2 minutes' walk to railroad station; V4
block to electric cars; price only $1SOO; $100
cash, balance like rent. J. R. PERKINS,
Lorin Station, Berkeley.
FOR sale — In Berkeley, near university. 6 new
modern houses: small payment down, balance
same as rent; lot 40x135; street work com- (
plete; lawn and garden made: 10 bearing fruit
tree6 on every lot; house ready to move Into;
water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures: shades, mantels, bookcases and tide,
board; 6. 7 and 8 rooms; from $2600 up: grand
marine view: cement walks; porcelain tubs;
two closets and fences. M. L.\ WURTS.
Seventeenth st. and Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN in S-rocm house and corner lot ln
Berkeley; all modern conveniences; owner
pells owing to removal south. J. H. LOGIE,
71S Market Et.. city.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A SXAP.
J175O— 2Vi acres of land; good 4-room house;
barn; chicken-houses and yards; one
mile from Fruitvale station.
$650— 4-room hard-finished cottage; barn;
well and pump; lot 5Gxl0S.
$1700 — 6-room new cottage; all modern; lot
£0x125; 3 blocks I rom Fruitvale sta-
tion; $200 cash.
J1375— 4-room cottage: modern: fine grounds:
fruit trees: chicken-house and yard; 3
blocks from Fruitvale station. j
$1150 — 4-room new cottage: high basement; lot
3714x175; %ZZO cash, balance $12 60 per
month.
$800— One acre ln the heart of Fruitvale.
Apply to ALAAIEDA LAND CO..
? Fruitvale Station, cr
1500 Park St., Alameda,
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2326 Santa Clara Ave.. near Park st..
Alameda. Cal.
600 beautiful lots. aH situate between Fruit-
vale and Twenty-third avenues and between
the Southern Pacific right of way and the
new canal, which is rapidly nearing comple-
tion. Upon the completion of this canal the
value of property in this location will be
enhanced fully 50 per cent; this elegant
building location is within easy reach of
eteam and electric cars; a more healthful
location is net in existence.
TVe Trill sell you one or more of these lots,
and if you want to build we will erect you
a nice little home— all on easy terms:
Lots. $250 to $350. Plans submitted.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
¦ OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
A EPLENDID LIST OF VALUES.
$12.500— Finest suburban home around Oak-
land: elegant 10-room residence; 5 acres of
choicest fruit and shrubbery; superb location;
fine neighbors; great sacrifice; cost $25,000.
JSS50 — Ideal suburban home; new colonial
etyle; S rooms; 2 acres choicest fruit; everything
Al shape.
$1450— Must sacrifice; bank mortgage $1200 can
remain; 2 years old; Dutch colonial cottage, 4
rooms, reception hall, poreclain bath, mantel,
gas fixtures; street complete; a pick-up.
$18.000— Cost $27,000; one of the choicest homes
ln Oakland: construction, architecture and loca-
tion the finest; heirs are forcing a sacrifice;
built in 1S91 and in fine order.
$5000 — Handsome modern 7-room flats; up-to-
date in every detail; rents $30 month; choice
residence location.
$3100— Near Clinton Etatlon, East Oakland, and
within walking distance of Broadway; extra
good S-story 8-room house, 3 years old; worth
$4500; corner lot; this is a choice home bargain.
JUST COMPLETED.
S4000 and $4500 each— Two handsome (latest
architecture) 8-room residences, fronting "beau-
tiful Telegraph ave.; the terms we will make
to suit you; cheaper than rent; see us for full
particulars.
A special sacrifice— $7500; Alice St., Lakeside
district; 12-room home; owner non-resident:
wanted; must sell; cost $12,000; see this
See us for Oakland Real Estate.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..,
I Offices and 1 Salesroom.
\i 460 and 462 Eizhth st., »¦
j Oakland.
500— EASY monthly payments to settle an es-
tate; two-story house of 9 rooms, bath hall
« '^J 1^ 0 *"' * tc * aU ln S 00 * 1 condition; lot
63x120 f^et (note the sire), with gravel drive-
way, barn, tool house, carriage house fine
fruit trees, lawn, shade trees, flowers, etc.;
street macadamized and sewered and stone
walks laid; rental value $20 per month; in-
sured for $2000: bank mortgage $1300; this!
property cost $3500; handy to schools and !
churches: choice location; close to Telegraph
aye.; price $2500 on monthly payments; liberal
discount for quick cash sale; chance to get
a bargain; title perfect and guaranteed: In-
vestigate at once. '
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$100 DOWN, balance small monthly payments-
two-story 8-roomed house with bath hall
bay-window, basement, etc.; all newly paint- !
«L papered and tinted; in first-class condl- I
tion; north or eunny side; 3 blocks from local !
fetation; street work all done; stone walks
i n «. ro w * ,* nd about the house; Insured for
$12<iO: bank loan now $1100; can be increased-
good neighborhood; close to schools, churches
and train; chance to gf\ a big bargain If
taken at once; title perfect; rent value $15 i
per month; only $1600 on monthly payment* • !
liberal discount for quick, cash sale; house!
not occupied and can be seen at any time-
Investigate at once; keys at the office of ' i
GEO. W.'AUSTIX & CO
Exclusive agents for this property.
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1500— REDUCED $500 for quick sale
Owners took property for a debt: cannot
occupy It; hence will sell at a sacrifice; one-
Etory and a half; 5 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern conveniences: lot 35x100: convenient to
cars, schools, etc.; almost new; first come
first served. J. S. MYERS & CO..
' 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
JSTjOO-ehouLD sell for J5000. Not my fault.
Owners must have money; hence a sale
without reserve; 9 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern^ conveniences; lot 50 feet front: No. 1
neighborhood; bouse alone said, to have cost
$2500. One week only.
• • J. B. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$3500 PROPERTY for $2500. ~ ~ ~
Lot 50x140; sunny and convenient to cars,
schools, etc.; 6 rooms and bath; owner has
left Oakland on account of sickness and must
cell; this is a bargain and must be s»en to
be appreciated. 3: B. MYERS & CO.. -
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
BEAL property center of Oakland; NE. corner
Fourteenth and West ets.; lot 12. block A:
Ox*<l; with cottage, etc; offers invited to close.
. partition estate of Flood, deceased. D.'
i MITCHELL, lawyer, corner Ninth and Broad-
way, Oaki"-*
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
' . (Successor to ' Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, -Mgr. M
FUNERAL i DIRECTORS \ AND EMBALMERS.
7 v 20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
' . „•• : :. Telephone South 80. -.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery ,
i ,-"''¦ . San Mateo County. ~
OFFICE ©16~ MARKET. STREET.
; J. HENDERSON. Manager.
I Eugene McGinn. , McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and ¦ Embalmers, = .
81 EDDY. STREET. : V ¦*. , ;
Telephone South ,252. .: > San Francisco.
'No Connection "With Any Other House. ¦
ROOMS -' TO • LET— Fnm. ; and Cnforn.
FIFTH.' 264— Nicely furnished parlor; grate and
•, closet;for 2 men; $10;*private family. ;' v
FELL, 572— Two large sunny front unfurnished
rooms to let. . ¦ •..-¦-.' .
FOLSOM; "820, near Fourtn— Furnished rooms,
Jl per week. : , •;. ' "' a
FOLSOM, 834— $1 10 a week; large sunny fur-
'• nlshed room; .closet; bath; private.
FOLSOM, 2317 — Furnished . rooms; bath,-,, gas,
-piano, _ . . ; ¦ .¦; . •-
FOURTH. 225^-Nice ' front rooms; also single
rooms. ¦, „• • ' , . : ' . • • . :
FOURTH, 323 — 3 sunny front rooms, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable; up-
stalrs. .. • •< ¦ .". , ¦ . .- .
GEARY. 403. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GE, ART. . 606—3 unfurnished . rooms with bath.
GEARY, 1012, near Van Ness ave.— 1 sunny fur-
¦ ¦ nlshed room with ¦ use of telephone 1 . ""
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 156— Nicely furnisned
single and double rooms; $5 up. -
HAIGHT, 222— Two or three perfectly appointed
housekeeping rooms; sunny alcove; for cou-
ple; gas range; telephone; references.
HARRISON. 670— Newly furnished, well lighted
; rooms, $1, $1 25. $1 50 a week, with board,
$3 50. $4, on Rincon Hill.' 4 blocks from' Pal-
ace Hotel. v . . :. ;.:¦'.,
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
Ft., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
EOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or> month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. j cable cars to Turk st;
JESSIE. 62. below Wells-Fa rgo— 2 small sunny
unfurnished rooms to let cheap. .
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Offices or sunny,
furnished rooms; en suite or single. ' '•¦
LARKIN. S04 — Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished; suitable for 1 or 2 gentleme/i. -'
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up. \ ¦¦
MARKET, 1C53. upstairs — Furn. rms. for, hskpg,
$10; also rooms for transients; baths. .
MARKET, JS02 1 — Modern house; furniture new;
'"gas grates; running water: all outside rooms;
" gentlemen preferred; references.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MASON, 107— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
MCALLISTER, Slo — Large sunny room, hot and
cold water, gas, bath; also single front.
ftcALLISTER. 978— Sunny furnished rooms.
MINNA. 549 — Front room, furnished;; $4 per
month. ¦¦ - , >' .
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
' bay-window room, $l.per week; transient. ¦
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, .week. mo.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient. . .. '.
POST. S27 — Large sunny back . parlor; rent $10
a month. ,¦ • • -" - . -
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescejit light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies', par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
JS; month. $8 to $20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth 6t.,
n»ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 237. between 3d and 4th— Sunny
furnished rooms to let; moderate prices. .
STOCKTON. 332 — Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water; baths; »phone; cheap,
SUTTER. 9!>5 — Unfurnished sunnv parlors, suit-
able for doctor; others furn. or unfurnished.
THE CRCILENE. 930 Van Ness ave.
Bachelors' apartments;' elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms; references. ...
VAN NESS ave.. S07 — Newly furnished rooms
at reasonable rates; also suite.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
revived at Call hranch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS A\D BOARD. .
LARGE, light furnished, room; grate, water,
ample closets, with board for 2 ladies or man
and wife. $25 each; American family. For
particulars address or call 570 Harrison St..
Rlncon Hill. Plainly furnished rooms and
board for two persons, $16 each; or $3 60 per
week; references given and expected.
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission: warm belt;
new management: modern: sunny rooms; ta-
ble board: unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newlv furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.' -
POST. 827 — Young -lady .can have .room and
board for 120 a menth.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, slmrle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
CALIFORNIA. S07— Stevenson '.mansion:, select
family hotel exceptional table:attractlvi» rms..
TWO \>ry pleasant sunny rooms, with board;
' refined surroundings. ¦ 1320 California st.
A WEEK'S news for C cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN and wife desire nicely .furnished
housekeeping rooms: good locality. ' Box 4715.
Call office. .. -/.. .:V -
2 OR '3 unfurnished sunny rms. nr. 5§* r ket. nr.
town: ref. exchanged: 2 adults. Box 45S4. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— -Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
. are the best; safe, reliable: take no oth<>f';
; send <* stamps for' particulars. "Relief, for
Ladies" in letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
NOTICE — "We are responsible for our photo
'-contracts and conpens as theyars printed;
positively no v» r bal agreements with agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait Co.. 3 Taylor st.
BAD tenants ejected for *4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. tel. 55S0.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor: trial free: send for circular. 935 Mkt. r. 8.
DISEASES and aliments of men treated; con-
sultation free. Amprlcan DisnpnFarv. ,514 PIn«.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought,' sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring: lowest rates. Te). Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
mlrinr: lowest rates: nhone Mint 45. 145 Sixth
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ;. tel. Main 6713.'
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
- slon st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W: ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 .Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at. cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2S20 Fillmore St.: rhone Jackson 281.
gj TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITEI^S^We
sell better machines for less-money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 53C California; telephone Main 266.
HARTFORD 'typewriters;' new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
'-*" _ — '
'L^~:'i : :i:.: sliOT -machines.;' : - /"¦ ; ,;
TWO roulettes; only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
Market. b«t.. 7th and 8th: other machines. . ,
.-- ; DIVIDEND NOTICES. ' -.1
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 24 (20 cents
per share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation
.Company will be payable at the office of. the
227 Market St.. on and after Thurs-
; day, August 15,\ 1901. , Transfer books closed
• on Friday, August 9, 1901, at 3 o'clock p m
H..WV THOMAS, Secretary. - ¦ ¦. , .'
OFFICE of the Contra Costa .Wffter Company
, room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
.Francisco, Aug. 8, 1901— Dividend No. 191 of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
, Contra Costa Water Company, will be payable
: at the office of said company, ' room 16, second
floor. Mills building, on August 15, 1901; trans-
fer books will close on August 9, 1901, at 3
¦• p. m. .EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
; MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following" marriage ; licenses were Issued
yesterday: aapSWflSSy^^&y-^'.v; • -•¦'¦¦'
Sol C. Mish, 33, 1153 Oak street,- and Wanda
Shirek, 25, I860 "Washington street. -, ¦ ,
Lawrence L. - Berger, 38, 36 Washington ave-'
nue.'and.Olga Llndgren; 21, 11 Foleom avenue
Ernest P. Jaconpon, 32, 37 Willow avenue
and Ingeborg Lllja", 27," 87 Willow avenue. -
Frederick J.. Salter, 27, .3943 Twentieth street'
I and Gertrudo F. Harper,' 23,' 323 Cumberland"
• William J. O'Donnell, 30, > 3975 Seventeenth
street, . and Caroline Adams,- 22, 609 . Gough . st. -
, Irving A. Nussbaum, ¦ 25, . 603 Taylor street,
and Lillian ¦ M. Street. 20. city. . ' ..
"Wallace ¦ L. Meyers, : 2V, LJvermore, ' and May
Beth, 19, 846 Filbert i street. ¦ .,, -- , ¦
Louie T. Lagamarsino. • 26, Dewey boulevard,'
and Kate Drpaull, 18. 204 Alemany avenue '
William , H. Couch, 21. 1126 - Market street
and . Ethel ' F. ¦ Kuhn,> 21. . 95 Cumberland street.
Guy -: L. Anthony, > 21,- 924 • Page ¦;¦ street, • and
Beatrice B. House/ 21, 924 Page street.- •• . . .
, : Thomas . ; L. -;.., Rhlnehart, i -. 28, . . 846 .Tennessee
street; and Agnes H. Morris, 16, 646 Folsom Bt.
- -William ¦ P. Gray, • 2L ". 949 Hayes i street, s and :
Lillian T. Crummey, " 17, 104 -Fillmore street.
Morris ' Baum, 30, 2019 Mission street,!' and
Bertha Etrause, 23, Oakland.
SianafianPlorisfeo.
w , ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST. N ;« ELLIS 2SS? 5056
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Mrs. Dane's Defence." ,, /.
Alcazar— ; <# Camille."
. ' Grand- Opera-house — '."Toll Gate Inn."
; CentraWMonte Crlsto."
-Tlvoll— "Lucia." . : . - - ,
{; California— "The Royal' Box. •'
Orpheum — Vaudeville.' . ¦ .
' ', Olympia, ", corner Mason and : Eddy streets—
Specialties.;,.! ¦¦¦;• ..
;.-¦ Chiites, Zoo '¦ arid • Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and* evening. . . \ •
> Fischer's— Vaudeville. ' • '¦ >;
.Recreation Park— Baseball.
. ':. Sutro j Baths-^-S wlmmlng. ',
State- Fair and Exposition, Sacramento— Sep.
tcmber 2 to 14. - f.. \. : ; - ' . •
AUCTIONS SALES.
By G...H. Umbsen ' & Co.— Monday, August
12, , at 12 o'clock,' Real Estate, at 14 Montgom-
ery .; street. ¦ . '¦' ¦ ". •!•'..¦ V ¦".
"i By iWm. : G. ' Layni— Thursday. '-/August 15
Trotting: -Horses.: at 721 Howard street. "
,- ' '¦'¦¦' "Jnoq-B aurjJIBJ J9A9J0J
8" teW MOIMl J.UOp 9[dO3d OU1OB ttq^
CREMATION.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Manager.
The Odd Fellows'. Cemetery Association
--¦":•'. Point Lobos ave.,5. F., Cal.
' The ' ordinance ~ prohibiting 2 burials in San
Francisco after the first day of August, 1901.
does not refer to CREMATION. • Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, becauss there is
nothing i less ¦ harmful ; to the living than the
aches , of their ; dead. •- ' ••' •¦ • "
to cremate -will be Issued ; by . th»
Board of Health the same as heretofore. .
f£7Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited . to . attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors. of
¦ ' [E3 r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street,
where services will be Ireld, , under the aus-
pices of Eureka Lodge No. ff, O. d.- H. S.
"Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. -
HARDER— In ': this city, August ! 10, 1901. • Ela-
nore Ruth, youngest and beloved daughter
of Claude and Grace Harder, and ! sister - of
Dora 'Harder, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 25 days. : , . : .
HOLVERSON— In this city, August 9, 1901,
.Eliza, beloved wife of Alex ¦ Holverson, and
¦'mother- of -Mrs. •' B. ¦ Barsantl and the late
. Mrs. C. Green, Mrs. E. Killcllne, -David and
Gus Peterson and Henry Holverson, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 62 years 7. months and
3 days. .. - •-'•-, : ¦ :j*
HOOKER (nee RYAN)— In Placervllle. El Do-
.• rado: County., Cal., July 31. -1901. | Rose ' M.,
; wife '*Wf R. H. Hooker, daughter of Mary and
the late 'Thomas Ryan, and sister of M. J.
'Ryan of San Francisco and- Thomas J. Ryan
'of Placervllle. El tDorado County. "^ ¦¦¦/.: ¦ ,..•
JAMES— In this city, August 9, 1901, Gertrude
James,' beloved wife j of B. D. James, and
'••' mother of, Ellis James, a I native of I Lon-
'" don, :' England,' aged , 50 years. (New York
• papers please copy.)
(GTHends and acquaintances a re ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her .late "rest*
dence, 61SVi Natoma street, thence *to St. Jo-
'ssph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at \9 o'clock. 'Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦ .- . . • '. • " .". ,
FREESE— In this city,; August 9, 1901, John
H. Freese, a native of Bederkesa, • Hanover,
.Germany, acred 53 years. A member of Eu-
reka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S:
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend .the" funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock,- from her late resi-
dence. 2817 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. Peter's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAWSON— In this city. August. 10. 1901. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of George Dawson. and
mother of Augusta E., : Ruby B.. Ethel and
Hazel Dawson, a native of Australia, aged
47 . years. . . '
DE MEDICES— In Oakland, August 10,: 1901,,
Frank B. de Medices. a native of \ FlorMa,':
aged 64 years. • ¦ ¦ . ¦.:', vi *
FERRIS— In this city, Margaret - Ferris, 'be-
loved" mother of John M. Ferris and. Mrs. F.
D. Griffin, a native of Queens- County^; Ire-
land, aged 04 years. ... -¦ ' M." -.'>'.!•*»
' E7" Friends and acquaintances are" respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral, to- morrow
(Monday).' at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
' dence, 3812 Twenty-second street, thence; to'
St. James Church, where a solemn requiem -
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her.
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy; Cross
Cemetery- * - . .. -,¦-'-. .-
FOLEY— In this city, August 9, 1901. Bridget,
beloved wife of Thomas Foley. and mother of
William !¦:., Dennis, Thomas F.f and'. Norah
Foley and- Mrsr J. ,H. Gibson, a'.' native _of
County Cork, Ireland,; aged 67 years. .-.• t
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend • the v funeral • to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California- Undertaking Company, 405
Powell- street, near Post.- Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
DAILEY— In this city, August 8, 1901, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Thomas V. Dailey, and
•mother of Josephine, Minnie and William
Dailey and Mrs. Ann Pauline Wales, a na-
tive of St. John, New. Brunswick, Canada,
¦ aged 64 years 5 months and 14 days.
t lC7"Frlends and acoualntances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. Marie Wohltmann,
• 215 Clipper street, " between Noe and San-
' chez. i Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. ¦ thence
to Union Square Hall. 421 Post street, where
services will be held, ¦ under the auspices of
the Germania. Club, commencing at 12:30
o'clock. Interment Mount x Ollvet Cemetery.
BUTTS— In this city, August 8, 1901. L. G.
Butts, a .native of Portsmouth, England,
aged 52 years. ¦ .
*E7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited . to attend the 1 funeral to-day
(Sunday),' at. 2 o'clock, f rom ' the residence
of her parents, 3111 Fillmore street, between
Filbert and Greenwich. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. '¦ •. • y '¦ ¦
BRODERICK-Iii this city, August 10,1901."
Mrs. Rosa Broderick, dearly beloved wife of
John Broderick. and -mother of John E.,
' Will H., Rose. M. Anna. E. Margaret, Fred
L. and the late Susie T. Broderick, a native
of Carlisle, Pa., aged 63 years 3 months and
10 days. (Carlisle papers please copy.)
ICT" Interment private. . •
BRUNS— In this city, ¦ August 9) 190C Herman
Bruns; beloved brother of Mrs. Anna Ahrens,
Mrs. Marie "Wohltmann and Henry, John,
.Claus, Helnrlch and Dick Bruns, a native of
'Germany,' aged 43 years 11 months and 2
days.
tET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
I (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 24% Lily, avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BAINBRIDGE— In this city. August 10. 1901,
. Sarah J., infant daughter of Harry and
Sarah J. Bainbrldge, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 months and 14 days. : •
BOPP— In this city, August 9, 1901, Louise,
eldest and dearly beloved daughter of Louis
and Caroline Bopp, and sister of Emma,
> Lena and Clara Bopp, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 16 years 11 months and 9 days.
ANDERSON— In this city, August 9, 1901. An-
nie, dearly beloved wife of Nicholas C. An-.
/ der&on, and . beloved mother \ of Emma and
Margaret Anderson, a native of Iowa, aged
! S8 years 7 months and 9 days. , •
DIED.
Anderson. Annie James, Gertrude
Bainbrldge, Sarah J. Jensen, Karen
Bopp, Louise .• - Muller, Agnes
Broderick, Mrs. Rosa Nelson. Fannie E.
• Bruns. Herman Offermann. John H.
Butts. L. G. ' Pearson. Richmond
De Medices. Frank Pease. Mrs. Emma
Dailey. Mary A. Pendola, Peter
Dawson, Margaret Rector, Jesse H.
Ferris, Margaret Rooney, Garry
Foley, Bridget Sandburg, Theodore
. ¦ FreesjwJohn H. Thomson, Peter
\ Hardei^Elanore R. Vilas, Jerome
r Holverson, Eliza . Wanner, Louis
Hooker (nee Ryan), Welling. Leonard
¦ ¦; Rose M. Whittle, Matilda A.
fc "We wish to thank our friends and ac-
quaintances, and especially the officers and
members oO Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U
W., and Badisher Verein, for their sympathv
and kindness shown .-us during our late be-
reavement In the death of my dear husband
and our father, Mr. Jacob Rick.
MRS. ELISABETH RICK (wife). GEORGE
J.. CHARLES H. and EMILE W. RICK
and MRS. ED SAND, children.
A CARD OF THANKS.
(CXFriends are Invited to attend the sol-
emn requiem mass to be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at St. Ignatius Church,
to-morrow (Monday), at . 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ services
to-day (Sunday),' at 3 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1431 Webster street. Oakland, un-
der the auspices of St. Andrew's Society.
Interment private. Kindly omit flowers.
VILAS— In this city. August 9, 1901. Jerome
Vilas. a native of Spain, aged 69 years.
iWANNER— In Uklah, Cal., August 9, 1901,
J,outs .'Wanner, beloved husband of the late
Emma . Wanner, a native of Switzerland,
aged 42 years.
WELLING— In this city. August 10, 1901. Leon-
ard Welling, beloved father of Mrs. M. Fred-
enburg (formerly of Nevada City), Mrs.
Alice Grace and 'Fred Welling, and grand-
father of Carl A. and Byron- W. Fredenburg.
¦ Heni.'etta E. and Florence D. Fredenburg
and - Prentice, Albert and, Laurence' Cort-
masche and Calvin Grace, a native of Ger-
many, aged 67 years 6 months and 25 days.
WHITTLE— In this city. August 9. 1901, Ma-
tilda A. L. Whittle, relict of the late Deer-
.' ing Whittle, and mother of Mrs. M. E
. .Moore and Albert M. and the Rev. Henry
<j- D. Whittle, S. J., a native 01 Sussex, Eng-
.' land, aged 75 years 1 month and 21 days
fCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 913 Broadway, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
. brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
J ing at 10 o'clock. ' Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SANDBURG— In this * city. August 10, 1901,
Theodore Sandburg, brother of Charles Sand-
burg, a native of Sweden, aged 24 years. ¦' ,
THOMSON— In Oakland, August 9, 1901, Peter,
beloved husband of Sarah M. Thomson, and
father of Lucy F.. David P. and W. Edward
" Thomson, a native of Milnathort, Kinross-
, shire. Scotland, aged 79 years and 9 months.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend • the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. L. Valsangiacomo, 126 Fair
Oaks street, thence to St. James Church for
services. Friends are Invited to attend a re-
quiem high mass Monday morning, August
12, at 9 o'clock, at St. James Church, Twen-
ty-third and Guerrero streets. Interment
Mount' Calvary Cemetery.
RECTOR— In Bowling Green, Mo., August 10.
1901, Jesse H. Rector, dearly beloved father
of Mrs. J. G. James of San Francisco and
E.\J. and B. S. Rector of Nevada City. Cal.,
a .native of Missouri,, aged 86 years and' 6
months. ¦ 1 . •
ROONEY— In this city, August 10, 1901, Garry,
beloved son of Catherine and the late Pat-
rick Rooney. and brother of Thomas: John.
j Margaret. Clara, Catherine and Harriett
• Rconey and Sister Matilda, a native of San
¦ Francisco, aged 21 years. .
H. W. QUITZOW. G. S. - .
PENDOLA— In this city, August 8, 1901, Peter
Pendola, beloved busband of the late Mary
' Fendola, i beloved son of Caterlna and the
late Amistlno Pendola, brother of Mrs. L.
Valsangiacomo, and brother-in-law of Mrs.
"W.- J. Patterson and Mrs. Peter Howel. a
¦ native of San Francisco, aged 34 years 7
. months and 8 days.
Z. T. WHITTEN, G. P.
- MAMIE SCHOEN. F. S.
KNIGHTS and Ladies of Honor— Grand Lodge
-. members and members of the order will
meet at El Dorado Hall, Alcazar building.
120 O'Farrell • street, to-day (Sunday), at 10
o'clock, to attend the funeral of Sister Emma
Pease, late G. Sent. G. L.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from El Dorado Hall,
Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell street. Fu-
neral under the auspices of Martha Lodge
No. 1241, K. and L. of H. Remains at the
• parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, via 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets depot.
ROBIN HOOD Circle No. 58. C. of P. of A.—
The officers and members of this" circle are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late companion, Mrs. E. Pease, to take place
to-day (Sunday), at' 10 o'clock, from El Do-
rado Hall, Alcazar building. By order
. -r . - MABEL A. MILLER, C. C.
' (C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.,- 1137- Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.- . .
PEASE— In this city, August 8, 1901, Mrs.
Emma Pease, beloved mother of Albert
Simons and Mrs. Belle Hopps and Abraham
Simons of New York, and grandmother of
Mrs. B. S. Cox, Mrs. L. D. Souriau, Isa-
belle and Budd Hopkins and Garfield Hopps
and Charles Simons, a native of Germany,
ag3d 65 years and 11 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock. • from her late resl-
. d.?nce, i 2919 Sacramento street., thence to St.
Dominic's -Church, where a solemn requiem
' masowill be celebrated for the repose of her
¦ soul. Interment private at Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.'. . V' .' ¦ .
OFFERMANN-Near San 'Rafael. Cal.; August
P. 190L- John Henry Offermann, a native of
Santa Clara County, aged 26«years. \ -•
: CJ' The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. Redwood City. Interment Union
- Cemetery. • . /
PEARSON— In this city, August 9. 1901. Rich-
mond C, beloved husband of Mary Pearson,,
and father of J. R. and Albert Pearson, Mrs.
Ed Carson, Mrs. P. Tormey, Mrs. J. M.
Wllkens and Mrs. Mary Bridge, a native of
Kentucky, aged 64 years 4 months and 16
days.'
- 'Ip"" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦* fuliy^ invited to . attend ¦ the funeral to-day
- (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 427 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, Castro and ! Dia-
mond. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city, August 9, 1901, Fannie
y E. Nelson, • beloved wife of George H. Nel-
son, loving mother of Bessie, George, Elmer
and- Muriel . Nelson, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. P. Dugan, and sister of Mrs. F. A.
Lasell aad Thomas, James. Katie and the
late John Dugan, a native of San Francisco..
H. P. Petersen.- 22S McAllister street. In-
• terment Mount ; Olivet Cemetery.
JENSEN— In Alameda, August 9,-: 1901, Karen
-; Jensen, beloved ; wife of : Captain J.v Jensen,
and mother of George C. : and ¦ Charles ". P.
Jensen, a native of Denmark, aged 62 years
;8 months and 3 days. . -
tC?"Friends and acquaintances'* are respect-
,< fully:- invited to attend . the funeral to-day
, 'Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence.
22ao Pacific avenue. Interment Mountain
Mew Cemetery, Oakland. . '--¦¦/¦.
MULLER— In this city, August 8. 1901. Agnes,
dearly beloved wife of- Phillip Muller. ¦ and
sister of Mrs. W. Werner. Mrs. R. Werdan
and Franzlska, Florentine, Phil O., Helnrlch
and Theodor Muller, a native of Preussen,
-Germany, : aged 57 years 2 months and 23
• days.' . ¦ -.-. ¦ •..-.--. ¦ , .-- ¦ ¦.New York Cotton Market.
Foreign Markets.
'it, CLOSING. . .
Atchison. , «4tf; do; preferred, 97; Canadian !
LONDON. Aug. lO.-ConsOl*. 94 3-16; silver,'
26%d; French -rentes, -. lOlf 40c; wheat cargoes
V NEW .YORK. Aug. lO.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London , financial cablegram says:,/
. The stock market was almost «mpty and Idle
to a degree. Domestic shares -were neglected
and American stocks merely held their open
ing prices. There , was a slight inquiry^or
Atchison, both common and -preferred.
London Market.
Sales - on the • Producers' * Oil Exchange last
week were 46,716 i shares." valued at $22.057, 1 the
leading sales being as follows:- Bear Flag,- 1800
- 1 he following were ex-dividend:- Pacific Gaa
Improvement. 25c; Giant Powder, 75c; Paauhau
Suner, 20c; California Wine. 60c.
¦ Oil assessments delinquent yesterday were:
Grand Prize. V&c; Vernor^ 10c; Big Chief. 6c."
The -Red Bank Oil assessment sale took place
yesterday. -.- - -¦-. -> - ¦ .. -
Kllauea Sugar will pay a dividend of 20c on
thj.lBth. . - -. ,
Changes on the' Bond Exchance were lower
quotations for Ga3 and Electric at $12 and for
Spring Valley Water at $S5@S5 25. California
Fruit Canners; sold at $5R. Business was fair
for Saturday. The oil ttocks stood about the
same.
• Oranges/- Lemons and ¦' Limes continued firm
under : light supplies, '• and . the latter advanced.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs maintained the im
provement already noted, though old stock had
to be worked S off as * low as : 15c . for,- Nutmegs
and 25c for Cantaloupes." • There was a fair de
mand ; for .Watermelons. Grapes were fairly
steady: "'.'.¦• • ¦' -:;¦ ," ¦;¦:¦¦.
¦ Th* river boats were\again late, which kept
the market more or. less . deranged. "¦[ Prices for
good sound I fruit wore firm.", however, ! and th<s
canners paid still - higher ¦ prices for Cling
Feaches. Mountain Peaches, from Colma sold
up to 75c per box.' Bartlett Pears were steady.
Other tree fruits stood about. the same.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK,' Aug. : 10. -The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port' of New
York for this week were 'valued at ; $8,853,887.
The imports: of specie .were $67,420 gold and
$90,760 silver. The exports ; of '. gold and silver
from this port to all countries aggregate $617,
610 silver bars and coin and $ll,59o gold..
Exports and Imports.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, 'Aug. 10.— The usual Saturday
dullness prevailed, in- local metal, circles and
values. In the absence" of business, weremore
or less nominal. Tin' was unchanged at $27if8
27 25. lead dull at $3 87V4. spelter dull at $3 90@
3 95 and copper unchanged / and nominally
quoted at $16 50®17 for Lake Superior and
$16 3TA@16 62% for casting and electrolytic.
Iron - was ; Inactive i and unchanged. Piglron
warrants, $9 60@10. The -English markets were
closed. - '¦"•'. . '¦ .
New-. York Metal Market.
Flour, qr sks — 26.301, Wine, gala 1 COO
Wheat, ctls ' 2.1CCjHldes, No 340
Barley, ctls 4.(nij Pelts, bdls " 75
Cats. ct!s 9<"0 TbIIow. ctls 3l«
Potatoes, sk3 .... 2.752 .Qu'cksilver. flsks to
Onions, ska ...... 2,1 ">j Leather, rols .... 85
Bran, sks 402;Paper. car .¦' ~* 1
Middlings, sks ... 34tr f'hicory. bbls .... 25
Hay, tons - 517! Sugar, ct i s gji
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 10.
Receipts of Produce
EGGS— Ranch, 21@24c . for good to fanc>
with . sales at 25c; store, >15@19c per dozen.
Eastern, -15@19c. ¦ ¦ ;'•¦.-:',:¦-,
BUTTER— Creamery, 23(&24c per lb for fancy
atid- 2C@21c v for seconds; dairy, 16@20c; store
Butter. 12H@15c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 10(gllc; old, nominal: Young
Americas. ll@HV4c per :1b; Eastern. 13@15c.
Receipts were 31,700 pounds of Butter, 6)0
cases of Eggs, 3400 pounds of California Cheese
and pounds of Eastern Cheese. . ,
The markets are quiet all around, at about
previous quotations.'^ The sharp : advance In
Eggs seems". to have. checked the demand some
what, las the retailers now have to get 30c for
the best ranch. Stocks of Butter and Cheese
are light, and the feeling In both is steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
THE COAST RECORD.
<12*th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 10. 5 p. m.
The fcllowinir maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
tureka. 5S; Red Bluff. 104: Sacramento, 1C2;
Mount Tamalpais, 91; Fresno, 106; San Luis
Obtepo. 78; Incep^nclence, 88; Los Angeles, 78;
San Diero. 7U.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
C4; minimum. 64; mean, S7.
Weather Report.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Aug. ;10.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 125. Steady. Natives, $3 40@4 90; cows
and heifers, $1@4; bulls and -stags, $2@4 70;
stoekers and feeders, $2@3 75. .. . .'
HOGS— Receipts. 5300. , Strong. Light and
light mixed, $5 70@6; medium and heavy $o 85
@6; ' ' .. ¦-¦ • ;.
SHEEP— None. .
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200:
including four Texans. Steady. Good to prime
steers. $5 60@6 15; poor to medium, $4 25@5 40;
stoekers and feeders. $2 25@4; cows, $2 50@4 SO ;
heifers,' $2@4 75: canners. $1 50@2 25; bulls. J2 55
©450: calves, ¦ $3@6 £5; Texas steers, *3@4 50
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 12,003; Monday 26,
000; leftover. 3975. Strong. Mixed and butch
ers', So 70«?J6 Co; good to choice heavy, $3 S0@
6 10; rough heavy. $5 50@5 80; light. $5 70@5 99;
bulk of sales, $5 80i@5 95.
; SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. Strong. . Lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 60@4 25; fair
to choice mixed, $3 230)3 75; Western sheep,
$4 2(X5J5: yeartlngs, $3 75®4 35: native lambs, $1
@5 35; Western lambs, $4 25<J?5 10.
Eastern Livestock Markets.
The Financier says: The bank statement of
last week showed a decrease of • $1,212,400 in
surplus reserve, which was due to the com
paratively small gain of $1,154,800 in cash and
also to the increase of $2,367,200 in the reserve
required against deposits. The loans were aug
mented $2,948,7C0, which may be regarded as a
net unusual Increase at this season of the year.
The cash Items were affected last week chiefly
by the ordinary treasury operations and also
by the transfers of Internal revenue collections
from Western points to the sub-treasury, which
together nearly offset ' the payments by that
office In checks for Yukon gold, so that the
banks gained loss than $500,000 through. the sub
treasury. The Interior bank movement resulted
in a net gain to the banks of about $2,000,000.
There were indications at the close of the week
of a lighter movement of Internal revenue
transfer hither and unless there should be an
important decline of money to the interior for
crop purposes, which is not expected, the banks
may, through the receipts of Yukon gold checks
and payments for bonds, get In fairly large
amounts of cash during the current week.
The Increase of $9,468,800 deposits very nearly
corresponds with the gain in loans and the
net Increase in cash,' so that the statement
is greatly out of harmony. It - would appear
Improbable that the bank return should be con
sidered • in any degree unfavorable from | the
borrowers' standpoint and even should. surplus
reserves be further drawn down from the cur
rent week there would seem . likely to be an
abundant margin for all ordinary requirements.
So far as it concerned the movement of money
to the Interior for crop purposes, though orders
were received at the end of the week for the
transfer through the treasury of $500,000 to Chi
cago,-It was not supposed In banking circles
that this really indlceted the beginning of the
demand for money for the crops. There was
good evidence on Saturday; that the tension In
the foreign exchange market was relaxing and
unless there should be an extraordinary de
mand for exchange It Is improbable that gold
will have to be sent to Europe and therefore
no apprehension need.be felt on this score.
Surplus, $20,952,950; decreased, $1,212,400.
¦ NEW TORK, Aug. 10. — The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows:
Loans, $885,445,600; Increased, $7,9S8,700.
Deposits. $365,381,000; increased. $9,46?. S0O.
Circulation, $30,553,200; decreased, $19,600.
Legal tenders, $79,202,700; decreased, $1,393,000.
Specie, $183,095,500; Increased, $2,549,800.
Reserves, $262,298,200; increased, $1,154,800.
Reserve required, $241,345,250; increased, $2,
367,200. .
Associated Banks' Statement.
GRAND HOTEL
Dr H Thomson. Cal -¦
S W . Newell, Stockton
H A Pierce. Los Ang
J M Reltimore, Cal
Mrs W Schane. Sacto
Miss Schane. Sacto
Miss Hall. Tucson
M Sharps. Texas
Mrs H S Sharpe. Cal
B Sharpe,.San Jo;»e
J Be3ton. Kansas City
R H Collins. S-ari Joae
Dr G A White, Sicto
Miss M White. Chico
Miss N Dyer, Alvarado
Miss G Munson, Cal
Dr A M Ritchie. Cal
W A Anderson. Cal
O Wahn. Fresno
W H Lumsden. Tal
T Cunningham, Cal
I> M Doraan. Va!l?Jo
G C Dorroan, Vallejo-
A J Larson & w. I»!i
G F Willis. Indep^ndce
Dr Sampson & w. Cal
J E Keller. Phila
F Kohler. Sacto
1* G Nuner, Calaverri3
J Lansrford. Syracuse
J H Batchsr. Sacto
V Larson, Lodi
T Dolcer, Jerome
Mrs W S Van Cott.XY
L F. Doan & son. Cal
N J Baldwin & w. Va
J H Gardiner. Ca!
C W Craven. Rtversd<»
1 Miss A Craven. Rlvrad
G S Waterman, Cal
J W Bogaa & w. Ariz
F Earner. Lcs Anz
C W McCormack. Ky
C W RogeTS. Lea Ans
O Finer. Memphis
C S Hardy. N Y
F C BtcJtteT, Ohio
J F Magee. Chicago *
P A Dcnaldaon fi: w.
f Phcentx .
!E W I.Iorphy. Honolul
iMrs H J Whitney, Cal
M->s K Day, Cal
¦ J II Drew & w. Honlu
I A S Ileney. Mt View
B Mclntosh, Cal
G H West. B Y
G A White. Saeto
•A W Havens. Oaklnd
i\V Pik". Fres-no .
'O A Willow!.}-. Cat
F A Kaufman. Cal
.1 Taffane!. Parl3
J Louret, Paris
Mr fz Mrs. Atkin. Ga
T H Rnrklnghim. Cal
W S rrodtrry. VavavlII
J J Hagjr^rty, Vacavill
F M Buck & w, Vacvil
|W S Billinscsworth A
' wife. Vara villa . ¦
Misi C Apperson. Cal
J E Apperson. Dison
W D .Tarr.att & w. Cal
C A Rearers. San Jose
PALACE IIOTCL
G C Leonard. N Y ,
L R Phillips. N Y ;
M L Smith & w. city •
R V Wt'.ibow. L Ang
T C Pardee. Oafc'iand
Cl S Wheaton. Oaklanri
J Phlllins, NY
J R Chace Sc w. S Jose
V»' S Bayles. Fresno
H M Russell & w, L A I
A O Kealinrx. L Ans
J Rosenbers & w,
Seattle
H H Brown & w.
Seattle
T Bennett, Los Ang
B F Edwards, w & boy
s t Louts
Miss S L Buttes. Mo
F F. Green, Pueblo
G Gontry. Victoria
W Earhart. El Paso
A F Jones, w & d, Cal
Ml?s W Warr, Wallace
D C Stemmcrti. Castro
Ml?s A Pieper. S Jose !
C P Braslau. San Josei
J M Forsyth. USA i
II R Hlc!iok & w. U3A
E D KendaP.. N Y '
s? a Mever. s?anla
Miss n L Howard.
Seattle •
ytt3 V Short. Fresno
Dr W S Taylor, Cal •
W Leet. San Jose
J S Tob!n & w, city
P Bannerman, N Y
.1 E Trazy. Sacraments
H J Small. Sacramento
W Lfhnr.an. X Y
C D WMttemore & w.
Salt Lake :
H B Maxon & rv. Nev
G T Lansl»y. Eerkeley
E Van In;:en. N Y
A F Cohn. X Orleans
V.' Sanforrt * vr. X J
i!!fs Sanford. N Y
L A Snyder, New Mex
G B Blair, New Mexico
Mrs«. Blair. New Mex
R 1-. Ctackman &. d.
New Mexico
Mias-Vcn Schcelor,
Berlin
Mlsg Baltruschat.
- Berlin •
W J Cros3ard Del
E K Webster, USA
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
LIVERPOOL.
Whfeat- ' Sept. Dec
Opening... 5 8V4 5 9iJ
Closing 5 8tt 5 9Vi
. ¦'. . PARIS. :
Wheat— ' ' " Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 22 25 23 20
Closing ....22 45 23 35
Floar— ¦ .
Opening 2S 20 29 45
Closing 2S 45 29 6S
SALMON — The Alaska Packers* Associa
tion has closed -out nlirost its entire pack at a
price eaid to he a little below laet year's fig
ures. The out-ut of one cannery only is ex
cepted !r. the deal. . .
SUGAR— The Western Susar' Rpflnins Com
pany quotes. p*r pound. In ICO-Ib liatrp: -
• Cubes, Crushed and 'fine Crushed. n.40cr Pow
dered. 5.25c; Candy Granulated, 5.25c; Dry
Granulated. 5.13c: Confectioners' A. 5.15c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.13c: Beet Granulated. 6.05c: &ft«
nolla A. 4.75c: Extra C. 4.6oc: Golden C. 4.55c:
banels. 10c more: half-barrels. ;5c more: joxe^
DOc more; 50-lb bass. lCc more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels nr Its equivalent.
Domfnop. h.ilf-barrel". n.fi.-.c; hoyoc; - jq-. t , er j o
COAL OIL— Water White Cfial Oil in hnllc.
13c: l'farl Oil. In oases. 19c: A.«tral. 19c: Star
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 24c: Eocene. 21c';
deodorized stove pa.«olln«». in bulk. 13c: In ca*»^.
21c: Benzine, in bulk. 14c: in cases. 20c: 3G-da-
Erre Gasoline, in bulk, CCc; in cases, Me
TURPENTINE— E8c per gallon in oases and
C2c in drums Mr Iron barrels.'
OILS— Lir.spfd Oil ha* been marked down 10c
per rsllcn. California Castor Oil. in cases. No.
j. 75c: pure. $1 23: Linseed Oil. in barrf-s. boiled!
84c; raw S2c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter >tramed, barrels, Me: case?, Soc: China
Nut, .*5®72e per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 67V4c: rases. 72«<>c: Sperm, pure. 65c: Whale
Oil. natural whitr. 4rti^45c per gallon: FIsli Oil,
in barrels. STVi 0 : cases 42'£c.
RICE— China. No. 2, ?4 10; No. 1. $4 70«ti 90
extra. JoiOfffooO: Japanese. $4 ~5(gi 30; Louisi
ana. !4@6 5C: Hawaiian, ncminal.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; SouthflelJ
Wellington, J9: Seattle. $7; Bryant. $fi 50i Coo*
Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. $9: Co-operative Walls
er.d. }9: Cumberland. {12 30 in bulk and $13 73 In
s>acki«: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egtr. J14: Can
r.fl. $10 per ton: Ccke, $15 per ton In bulk and"
$17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 4?
per 2CC0 lbs and $S 50 per . ton, according to
b ,o-rl ... ; ...
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta .Grain Ba?s. 7%@8c;
local make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
S:@3.",«: Fleece Twine. 7H*?Ro: Frv.lt Bags. 5H©
6c for cotton and S%@8?4c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was strong. Creameries, ]4^A{i'21c: Dai
ries. S@17c. - Cheese, unchanged. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 15c. ' \ :
GAME— Doves, per dozen." nominal; Hare
$1 25<pl E0; Rabbits, . $1 25®1 50 tor Cottontail
and jl for Brush.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S@10c for Gobblers
and 9@lCc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $l®i *j-
Goslings. $1 YIWUX 37V6:' Ducks, J2 50®3 BO for old
and K0i for youns; Hens. $3 5C@4; young
Roosters. J5@6;- old Roosters, fZ 50@4; Fry
ers, $4; ¦ Broilers. . J3^3 50 for large and $2
@2 in for small: Pigeons. $1 SOdJl To per dozeu
for old and $1 25®] 50 for SquabR.
. There are not enough Doves coming in to
quote. ' The new Game law, ' prohibiting any
perscn from having more than 50 In his pos
session On any one day, seems to be effectually
keeplnc them back.
Receipts of Poultry were light, as. usual on
Saturday, and quotations were largely nominal.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. l'«(S2c: Ftrlna:
Beans, I 1 ,£@4c; Limas, •4'Q6c; Cabbage. 35@40c
per utl- Tomatoes lrom the River. In lar^e
boxes, 2C(g50c; Dried Peppers, 12®lSc; Green
*"'kra. f-CcW'$l ner box: Cariots. 2S(ffi3."i^ per sack:
Cucumbers, Bay. 15@35c; Pickles, lUc per lb
lor small anrt lc for la rife: Garlic. 2i*3.-: «rf-en
Peppers.- 25®40c per box for Chile and 2^500
for. Bell; Egg Plant, 25@50c per box; Oroen
Corn, 10<§65c per' sack; Alameda, iOc@$l per
crate: B«"-Vo]ey. 25®50<V: Summer Squash. !are»
boxes, 2Cg35c; New Marrowfat Squash, JIG'S 20
rei ton.
POTATOES— $1 l."@l 25 in sacks and $1 23<ft
1 60 in boxes for Burbanks. 75c@Jl for Garnet
Chiles and S3otfJ$l for Earlv Rose: Salinas Bur
banks, U 25@1 40; Sweets, l»£@3c per lb for new
and' 73c per sack lor old Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, -75SS3c per ctl; Pickle On
ions. 60IR65C per sack. '
In Vegetables. Corn continued to glut the
market ard Tomatoes were weaker. Egg Plant ;
and (Jreen Peppers continued in excessive sup
ply and cheap. Summer Squash was rather
steadier. ' >:?',
¦ Potatoes continue firm for shipment, with
light receipts. Onions,, on the contrary, were
rather easier. New Sweets sold hip her.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
SATURDAY, Aur. 10—12 m.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alpha (2 04Justice C> 06
Alta C3 05;Kentuck 02 (U
Andea 03 04. Lady Wash 01
Belcher 07 03 Mexican 13 1\
Be?t & Belcher 1» 17:O,;ejdental. ..... 03 «4
Bullion 01 0".!Ophir g2 S3
Caledonia 30 32 Overman 12 13
Challense Con. 33 3S;Potosi H5 OS
Chollar 06 (»>, Savage C7 08
Confidence 1 30 1 33! Scorpion — 04
Con Ca! & Va.l 95 2 00 Se? Belcher — 03
Con Imperial.... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 12 14
Con New Tork. — 01 Silver Hill 35 36
Crown Point 09 lOISt Louis CS • —
Eureka Con 10 — Standard — 3 65
Exchequer — . 02 'Syndicate ...... C7 —
Could & Curry. 13 14 Union Con 12 14
Hale & Norcrs. 2S . 2i L'tah 01 02
Julia — 02!YeUow Jacket.. 2S 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Beans continue In demand for shipment and
tending upward, with Bayos. Pinks and large
Whites leading in firmness and activity. ¦
BEANS— Baycp, $2 604S2 75: Small White. $185
@5: Large White. $3 73573 90; Pink, J2 15@2 2S;
Red. f3?I3 23: Blfickeye. $3 50: Limas. $6 40@6 50;
Red Kidney. $4 25 per cH.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. t2 75^3; Canar>'. "3Vt^
3%c for Eastern: Alfrlfa, nominal: Rape. liiS
2%c: Hemi). 3%c per lb. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 65 per ctl. .
Beans and Seeds.
PORK-Llve Hosts. 2C0 lbs and under. 6%*r
6'jt-r: over 2"0 lbs. fie: feeders. : sows. 20 per
cent off. boars 50 per cent off and ?tags> 4J per
cent off f'OTi the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7Vi@9Uc.
LAMB— Sprinp. S%-g9c p*>r pound
The local packers will reduce their bids for
Hoga to 614c this week, and expect to obtain
supplies at the decline. They have already re
duced their prices for Live Kors to the large,
buyers. Othej Meats are unchanged.
Wholesale fates trom slaughterers to dealers
are «s follows:
BEEF— 6<Q6%c for Steers and 5@5Uc per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Laree. 7<?JSc: small. 8J?9c p»»r lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©Sc; Ewes', 7(f?7%c psr
pound.
San Francisco Meat Markti.
200 Best & Belchsr 14| SCO Crown Point 10
300 Chollar C>: 2C0 Mexican 14
100 Con Cal & Va..l 93 1 1C0 Ophir S3
Following wert the sales in th? Pacific Stoci
Exchange yesterday: • .
Mornirr Session.
SCO Best & Belcher. 141 1C<) Ophir M
SCO Challenge SJ 200 Overman 13
130 Chollar 03 5Cft Potcsl 05
100 Con Cal & Va..l 95 1 ICO Silver Hill .... 3G
fCO Confidence 1 30 1 600 Yellow Jacket.. 23
100 Crown Point 10,
Morninr Session
Following tvere the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock an-J Exchange Board yesterday:
MIXING STOCKS.
There was no further change In either Hay or
Feedstufts. There were 20 cars of Hay on the
tracks. • ¦
BKAN— $19S?19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2C@21 DO per ton.
FEFDSTUFFS— Rolled- Barley. -$16^17 50- per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill $23@26; jcbb'nsr.
$28 50: Cocoanut Cake. $17® IS; Corn Meal:' $30 5C
J?31 50'. Cracked Corn. S31®22: Mixed Feed, $17
@1S. ¦ . - . . •
HAT— Wheat. $7ff?£5O: choice. $10<f?10 50;
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9: Oat. t6<@S 50; Barley
and Oat. ?6@8; Alfalfa. $8 5C01O 50; Clover. $3 50
@7; Volunteer, $4 5C@5 JO.
STKAW— 25<&42%c Dtr bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s:
Morning Session.
Board — '
2P0 California-Standard 22
20CO Independence li>
6C0 Junction ,... 13
ico Junction .:.....;.;.. n
2€tO Lion ; 0I>
SCO Oil City Petroleum 28 •
2C0 Peerless, b 90 6 2%
10 Peerless : '. 5 73
ICO San Joaquln Ollv& Development 7 8715
ICO Sovereign 25'
1C0 Wolverine 70
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
There ha* b<n>n but little change In tempera
tare la California. Warm i weather prevails In
There has been but little change In pressure
over the .country west of the Rocky Moun
tains. A moderate disturbance Is apparently
crojteins the Mexican boundary and may move
northward, causing rain In Arizona and New
C 2 2 0 2 1
STATIONS.- • 1 SgSfja |" ?€
J : a : 5 2.3 - « : ?
Aetorta 30. IS 68 €4 KW Clear 0
j'.afc-T 30.C2 78 60 X Clear 0
Carson , 2S.S0 SS £8 W Clear 0
Eureka S0.06 l>% 48 NW Clear 0
Fresno 29.76 106 70 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.M U &6 NW Cloudy .10
Pocatello. Idaho.. -29.KS 86 &6 . W Clear 0
Independence 29.68 S8 74 FE Clear . 0
Lou Angelee 28.86 &0 f.8 W Clear 0
Phoenix 29.CS 106 82 FW Pt.Cldy 0-
Portlaid 20.10 SO S6 NW Clear 0
Ked Biuff 2*.8O 304 78 N Clear 0
Jtosebure 30.02 S6 62 X Clear 0
Sacramento 29.1*0 102 C2 SW Clear 0
Halt Lake 29.R4 SO €8 NW Clear 0
Pan FranrfKco 29.88 64 50 SW Clear .0
San Lui« ObUx>o...29.S2 78 54 W Clear "0
Kan Diego 29. S6 70 64 W Clear 0>
Seaule , SO. 14 7S 12 X Clear ' O
Ppokane ..80.02 (A 62 8 Pt.Cldy 0
N*ahl'.ay : so.is C4 52 W Clear 0
Walla Walla ?30.C2 88 CO NW Clear 0
Wlnnemucca 29. M 88 W> NW Clear "0;
Tuma 2S.70 104 64 SW Clear .0
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST. •
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
aSKE- -Sis % h &»
Atchison pfd 3.000 95 s\ A ZJ2
Iialtimore & Ohio 400 96 96 «e
Iialtimore & Ohio pfd./ ' 9?%
Canadian Pacific 700 108 107% 108
Canada Southern '. .... 66%
Chesapeake & Ohio 4414 44" 441Z
Chicago & Alton ...„ "... 3^
Chicago & Alton pfd... ~- 75%
Chgo Ind & Louis 600 34% 34 33a?
Chgo Ind & Louis pfd.. 200 70 69«4 C9%
Chgo & Eastern 111 ...... „.; ...'. 120
Ch£O & Great Western. 100 21% 21% ' 21%
Chgo &G.AV A pfd ;.... : gl%
Chgo & G W B pfd. .... 45%
Chgo & Northwestern... ..... .... .... 190
Chgo K l'& Pacific... 800 139 138 138
Chgo Term A Trans 800 18 17% 17%
C+igo Term & Trans prd . 200 37 ' 36% " 36
C C C & St Loula.:.... 90%
Colorado Southern....... 400 13% 13%- 13%
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 100 62 62 62
Colo Southern 2d pfd..., ' 22
Delaware '& Hudson.... 500 159 1SS% 15S%
Developments of the week were not suffi
ciently defined to afford much encouragement
to either bulle or bears, and the result was
a dull, narrow and unsettled market. In ad
dition the uncertainty as to the crop situa
tion continued in the absence of the Govern
ment monXily report and the wide variance In
estimates by recognized trade authority. These
conditions reduced public operations and lrom
day-to-day fluctuations represented only the
character of the professional views. Liquidation
was on a large scale early on uneasiness as to
the possible ramification of the steel strike and
crop scares. Discussion of the effect on gen
eral business by. the reduced purchasing power
of the wage-earners and farmers in the event
of their condition becoming critical was a
factor In limiting general speculation. Large
amounts of the United States Steel issues came
on the market, but the actual declines were
less than when the rupture first occurred weeks
ago. This circumstance was ascribed to the
formation of an alleged pool which was pre
pared to take enormous amounts at fixed prices.
The known conditions made professionals chary
of attacking the stocks, the possibility of an
early termination of the strike and the conse
quencesof a equeeze being weighed. Neverthe
less, their recovery from the low point when
various plants resumed work was checked at
times by "Influential" selling. Consistent sup
port was lacking for others stocks and specu
lative favorites such as Sugar, St. Paul, Atchi
son, Union Pacific and Southern Pacific cov
ered a wide range, either way. frequently.
Pessimistic views regarding the damage to the
crops which had hitherto made large inroads
on prices of the grain-carrying roads were not
borne out by the tenor of the late advices.
Reports, of copious rains remedied conditions
somewnat and the Improvement noted by the
weekly crop report caused a modification of
alarmist reports. Stock prices reflected an ap
parently oversold market. Operations of the
long account, however, were conducted with
caution, traders taking profits and being con
tent to await the monthly showing. General
prosperity being represented in a large part
by the a E ricultural yield and the prices ob
tained, fluctuations in the grain market were
?w«i ? C lu se . !y and stocks conformed pretty
ZSSSa their varlatlonfl - A general waiting
attitude was more or less In evidence and oc
™h S P UTSts , of actIvlt y were suceeded by
£ ri °*| * «f n| -«»KnaUon. Recent liquidation
in stocks was conducive to ease In the mnnei
market. and call rates ruled at about 2% ptr
fn fair r^ ph ° U * t - end<? ™ reported time lo££
US 1 l Mn(1 and mercantile paper withou*
SLr'S'S ESSS
reared to be foreshadowed In thV nea? futn^
by the higher market for sterling bill, a
scarcity of commercial acceptances co ne-Vw
with an active demand, brought ? nue? to i
level at which it was considered probaWe thai
gold shipments would soon be made "
.Prices of bonds moved within narrow limits
throughout and displayed little feature "Tide
thV n calt 11 —*-«* «
NEW TORK. Aug. 10.— Higher prices from
London were reflected in a fairly good tone for
railroad stocks at the opening, but small gains
were soon wiped out and prices dipped • well
below yesterday's, close for Important stocks
on a renewal of professional selling. The In
terest excited in the Government monthly crop
report and the prospect of some Important de
velopments In the stock situation next week
caused a large diminution In the volume of
business. The paucity of the demand helped
to Increase the downward tendency which was
most marked In the grangers. Pacifies, coalers
and Southwe6terns. Missouri Pacific and kin
dred stocks were influenced by denials of re
cent reports of the impending absorption cf
Mexican railroads. Aa on the two preceding
days, Missouri Pacific spurted up sharply at
the close, the final figure to-day bringing, it
to yesterday's level. But little interest "at
tended the fluctuation in the United States
Steel stocks to-day, their movement being only
fractional, but indicating better support for
the common than for the preferred, the latter
ending %c lower. The bank statement, while
less favorable than anticipated, was without
any decided effect on the market. The clos
ing was irregular and almost lifeless.
New York Stock Market.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 71% 71% 71 ' 71%
December 73% 73"fc 73% 73"! 4
May... 77% 77% 77% 77%
Corn No. 2 —
September 58% ¦ 5S% 57"S 58%
; October 55% 59% 58% 58%
December 60%-- 60%. 60 • 60%
Oats No. 2— : ' . .
September -35% -36 -35% -35%
'December 36% 2 37% 36% .~:~ 37
May ..¦...........:.. V38HT 39 '" 38% . .S8T6
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September ..13 92% 14 00 13 92% 13 97%;
January ...........1495 1507% 1495 1502%
• Lard, per 100 pounds — ¦ •
September ......... 8 70 8 72% 8 70 8 72%
October 8 77% 8 80 8 77% ; 8 80 "
January .....8 75 ¦ 8 80 "8 75 8 80
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 7 85 • 7 90 7 85 7 87%
October 7 85 7 95 ' 7 85 7 95
January ....: 7 73 7 82%' 7 75 7 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; winter patents, $3 10@3 50;
straits. $3 20«?3 SO; clears, $2 S0@3 10; spring
specials, $4 10@4 20; No. 2 spring wheat, 71%f(.'
72%c; No. 3 spring, 69<?72%c: No. 2 red, 71@
73%c; No. 2 corn, 52%@52%c; No. 2 yellow, 57'i
<ffi57%c; No. 2 oats, 36c; No. 2 white. 38<fMS%c:
No. 3 white, 3f%@38%c; No. 2 rye, 57%@5S%c;
Good Feeding Barley. 50@65c;/No. 1 flax seed,
$165; No. 1 Northwestern, 1165; prime timothy
seed. $4 50@5 60: mess pork, per barrel, $13 90
fl3 55; lard, per 100 pounds, $8 62%@8 70; short
ribs sides (loose). $7 80(37 95; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides (boxed),/
$8 30@8 40: sugars, cut loaf. 6.00c; granulated.
5.52c: confectioners', A, 5.39c; off A, 5.24c; clo
ver, contract grade, $10 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels :.... 28.000 12,000
Wheat, bushels 219.OQ0 515.000
Corn bushels 14^.000 17.001
Oats, bushels ...327.000 141.000
Rye, bushels 11.000 13,000
Barley, bushels 6,000, 1,000
Delaware. Lack & W. . ' ¦ ¦»<>
Denver & Ri o Grande.. ..".* "" "" 40
Denver & R O pfd W.M& %* IV
Er e ls*'nM '—• 3 ' 400 36 *» 35% ®K
Hocking Valle £ pfd ;; : ;; ™ 52 62 52
Illinois. Central 500 143 " 14V 149W
Iowa Central gm ,«„
Iowa Central pfd. 300 ..75 n<4 72^
Lake IS t es i? ra " ™ " ' ™ 60
i-ake Erie & W pfd 120
Missouri Pacific 4 200 99« 9Svt WK
Missouri. Kans & Tex." • * % 25
Mo, Kans & Tex pfd.... 300 B2% 52% 62
New Jersey Central 157
v'w iT- Or r k ntraI *00 150ii 150% 150^i
NDrfok& Western 1,500 51 50% 51
Norfolk & Western pfd. ..... ..... §7
Ontario & Western 1,900.- 32% 31«4 31%
PennsyK-a^a^.^........ 3 .ooo 143^ i«* _ i«S
Reading 1,100 40 39*i 39H
g ea 2 inR I s } pfd 700 76% 764 76
Reading 2d pfd 400 60 »4 50V& SOU
15 0Ui . 8 £ San F ran... 100 39% 39% 39 &
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 78
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 100 66H 66% 66%
St Louis, (southwestern. 100 2S 1 ,! 2S% 27%
St Louis, Southwsn pfd 200 60?& 60% 60%
ft £ au ! : •••¦ 4.S00 157% 156% 156%
St Paul pfd 200 182V.' 182^ 182%
Southern Pacific 10,400 53% 53 53%
Southern Railway 1.600 28% 28% 28%'
Southern Railway pfd... 100 83% 83% S3H
Texas & Pacific 3,400 42 ' 40 7 4 41«4
Toledo, St L & West... ..... . * 20
Toledo. St L & w pfd " 32%
Union Pacific 14,500 95>,i 94% 94%
Union Pacific prefd 100 ¦ 88% 88% 88'i
A\abai=h prefd •••..•••... 1.400 38% 3S% 3SV 4
Wheeling & Lake Erie 1714
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. 100 23 29 ' 29
Wisconsin Central 100 20 20 20
Express Companies-
Adams .... .. 175
American -iqi
United States '.".'. '.'." 85
Wells-Fargo " j^q
Miscellaneous— . ""
Amalgamated Copper... 1,500 112% 111% m%
American Car & Fndry. 100 28% 28 »8
Amer Car & Fndry pfd. 200 S3' 82% 82%
American Linseed Oil 22
Amer Linseed Oil pfd... "" 55
Amer Smelt & Refng... 300 51 50% 50»i
Amer Smelt & Refg pfd ... 9974
American Tobacco . 13lil
Anaconda Mining Co... 300 44 43% 431?
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 2,100 73% 73 73%
Colorado Fuel & Iron 9914
Consolidated Gas 100 21S% 218% 218%
Continental Tobacco 65"i
Continental Tobacco pfd .. * 115
General Electric 500 250% 249% 247%
Glucose Sugar 200 57 56% 56
Hocking Coal jgu
International Paper 200 21% 21U 204
International Paper pfd .." 75
International Power 200 90% 90'i 90
Laclede Gas „ g 5
National Biscuit 300 42>i 41M 42«
National Lead .... .. «>o
National Salt " ¦--. -
National Salt pfd '.*' ,75
North American " """* oct'
Pacific Coast "" j^
Pacific Mail 100 38 38*' 38
People's Gas 1,400 103% 107% 1C8U
Pressed Steel Car 400 42% 42% 41
Pressed Steel Car pfd * .. 83
Pullman Palace Car 205
Republic Steel 600 19% 18% 19
Republic Steel pfd 400 74 73% 73
Sugar .._ 900 133 132% 132%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 300 59% -59% 59%
Union Bag & Paper Co. '" 1414
Union Bag & P Co pfd .... .... - 70%
United States Leather.. 600 12% 12% 1'%
U S Leather pfd 100 79% 73% 79%
United States Rubber... 100 IS IS 18
U S Rubber pfd ..... 55
United States Steel...:.. 18,800 41% 41% 41%
United States Steel pfd. 6,000 90% 90% 90%
Western Union 200 91% 91% 91%
Total sales 138.000
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg ref 107% N T Cent Ists 104%
Do coup 107% X.J Cent gen 5s. .129
Do 3s reg 108% Northern Pac 3s... 72
Do 3s coup 108% Do 4s ." 104%
Do new 4s reg 137 N Y C & St L 4s.. 107%
Do new 4s coup. .137 N & W con 4s 101%
Do old 4s reg 113 Or Nav Ists... 107%
Do old 4s coup. ..113 Do 4s 101%
Do 5s reg 107% Or. Short L 6s.....l29'
Do 5s coup 107% Do con 5s.....;. .117%
Dis of Col 3.65s 124 Reading Gen 4s.... 95%
Atchison gen 4s.;. .103% R G W* Ists... .101
Do adj 4s 96% St L & I M eon 5s. 116%
Canada Sou 2ds....U0 S L & SF Gen 6s. .125
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7% St Paul con ' 173
Do 5s 120 St P C 4 P Ists. .113%
C & N con 7s 135% Do 5s 115%
Do S F Deb 5s. .122 Southern Pac 4s:.. 91%
Chic Term 4s 93% Southern Ry 5s.... 115^
Colorado Sou 4s 87% Stand R & T 6s 55
D & R G 4s 101% Tex & Pac Ists... .115%
Erie Gen 4s S5% Do-2ds ; 99
F W & D C Ists... 104 Union Pac 48.. ....104%
Gen Elec 5s 200 Wabash Ists 118
Iowa Cent Ists 115'i .Do 2d« 110%
LAN Uni 4s 101% West Shore 4s 112'S.
M K & T 2ds Kl Wis Cent 4s.. 87%
Do 4s 98 Va Centuries 94%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief.: 12
Alice ..• 45 Ontario 8 no
Breece ..1 40 Ophlr ...;... GO
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix ©S
Comstock Tunnel .. 06 Potosi ." C3
Con Cal & Va 1 95 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra 55 Sierra Nevada 13
Horn Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 50
Iron Silver 55 Standard ....3 40
Leadville Con 06 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . Union. Pacific 94%
Call loans 4 <S4% West . End..... 96
Time loans 4%@5 Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s ...102
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 71% N E Gas & C 5s... 51 N
Do prefd 94% Mining Shares— -
American Sugar. ..132% Adventure ......... 24
Amer Telephone... 1C0 Blngham 41%
Boston & Albany. .256 Amalg Copper. 111%
Boston Elevated.'.. 17S Atlantic 35
Boston & Maine... 192% Calumet & Hecla._722
Dominion Coal 38 Centennial 26%.
Do prefd 116 Franklin 17'
U S Steel 41% Humboldt 25
Do prefd 90% Osceola .' 95%
General Electric... 249 Parrot 50
Ed Elec 111 2S0 Quincy 170 .
Mexican Central... 22% Santa Fe Copper... 6
N E Gas & Coke... 5% Tamarack ......343
Old Colony 2C8 I Utah Mining 28%
Old Dominion; 23%!Winona 2%
Rubber 17'/s 'Wolverines 62
There has been a marked Impairment during
the month in the condition of pastures there
being- but Tew gtates in which declines are not
reported.
The average condition of spring- rye declined
£.7 points Curing July; on August 1 It was
7.6 points higher than at the tjorrespondlng
date last year, J.4 pcints lower than on Au
gust 1 and 2.2 points below the mean of the
Augrust averages for the last ten years.
The average condition of potatoes declined
25.1 points during July and on August 1 it
vras 25. S points lower than, at the correspond
ing date lart year. 30.7 points lower than on
August 1, 1899, and 24.8 points below the mean
cf the Auru&t averages for the last ten years
Preliminary returns Indicate a reduction of
2.6 per cer.t in the hay average. The con
dition cf timothy hay Is 4.2 pcints higher «han
at the corresponding date la*t year. •-.; points
lower than on AugUFt 1. IIM, and 1.7 points
below the mean o£ the August averages for
the laft nin* year*.
Th» average condition of barley declined 4.4
IKir.ts during July, but on August 1 it was
15.3 points higher than at the corresponding
date one year ago, while It was 6.7 points
lower than on August 1, 1S39/ and 2.0 points
above the mean of the August averages for
xhe last ten years. The conditions In the prin
cipal States are as follows: California, 98;
Iowa, 84: Minnesota. So; Wisconsin. S2; North
Dakota. &6; South Dakota, S6; Kansas. 44, and
>>vr York. 77. During July there was an lm
rrovement of 2 points in California and North
Dakota and a decline cf 9 points in Iowa, 4
la Minnesota, 4 in Wisconsin, 19 In Kansas,
16 in South Dakota and IS in New York.
The average condition of oats declined 10.1
points during July and on August 1 It wa«
UA points lower than at the corresponding
period last year. 17.2 points lower than on
August L 1««9, and 10.2 points below the mean
cf the August average* for the last ten years.
The average condition of spring wheat de
clined 15.3 points during July, but on August
1 it was 23.8 points higher than at the corre
nwnding date last year and only 3.3 points
lcwer than on August L 1S39, and 1.2 points
below the mean of the August average« for
The last ten years. The conditions In the
T'lncipal States are as follows: Minnesota,
S3; North Dakota, S3; South Dakota, €S; Ne
braska, £0; Iowa, S5.
The average condition of corn declined 27**
points during July and on August 1 it was
S3.5 point* lower than at the corresponding
date last year, S5.9 points lower than on Au
rust L 1S99. and S3.6 points below the mean
th« August averages for the last ten years.
In some localities the corn crop has been in
jured beyond recovery by hot, dry winds, in
others timely rains during the closing days of
July have gone far toward assuring fair
yields. The conditions in the principal States
are as follows: Ohio. 73; Indiana, 57; Illinois.
B: Iowa. 5S; Missouri. 23; Kansas. 19. and
Nebraska. 36. During July there was a de
cline or 5 points In Ohio, 27 In Indiana, 36 in
Illinois, 30 in Iowa. 41 in Missouri. 55 in Kan
sas and 52 in Nebraska.
The following condition figures relating to
the ccrr. and other crops indicate the damage
caused by the recent extensive and severe
drought in such of the principal producing
Prates named a* ha\-e been affected thereby:
WASHINGTON, Aug. IS.— The August report
of the statistician of the Department of Agri
culture shows the following condition of aver
ages on August 1: Corn. 64.0; spring wheat.
80.3: oats, 73.6; barley, 86.9; spring rye, 83.6;
buckwheat, 81.1; potatoes, 62.3; timothy hay,
M.I.
Government Crop Report.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l'/Ac under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. lO^c; medium. 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stag3.
6Hc; Salted Kip. 9^c: -Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 1601614c: Culls. 14c- Dry
Kip. ltc. Dry Calf, ISc: Culls and Brands 15a;
Sheepskins: .shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool. "067-Vlc each: medium. 50$*73c - long
Wool. S0c<g$l each: Horso Hides, salt $2 MID
2 75 for large and J5@2 K for mfdium' $1 50<O
1 75 for small and 50c *or Colts: Horse. Hides,
dry, $1 75 for large, $1 23ijl 30,-for medium. $1 2^
for smell and 50c for Colts. Bearskins Sum
mer or red skins. 35c; fall or m<»<t|u?n skins 30c
winter or thin skins, 21c' Goatskins— Prime
Angoras. 75c; large aridsmcoth. 50c; medium
25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4^^^,^: per u>
choice. 5c: No. 2. S\4'f?4c: prrrnsp. JHtraSc
WOOL— Spring. l?0O or, 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14@13'4c; do. Lambs'. Uc per Ib-
Northern, frc. l?4?13c; defectives Sffillc: Middle
County, free. 10?211c: do. defective, ggicc:
Southern. 12 month?. S@3e: Southern free 7
months. 7@10c; do. defective. 7 months 7@Sc-
Oregon Valley, fine. Hfflloc; do. medium and
coarse. ll©13c: Orrcon. Eastern, choice. ll@i3e
do fair to rood. OSfVc: Nevada. 10@ll^*c. Fall
—San .Toaquin Lambs'. 7iAS"?c.
HOPS-15@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Heps.
EASTERN MARKETS.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual disccunt to' the trade: Graham
Flour. '$3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $3 23;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats. $A; Hominy.
$4«?4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4?74 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $1 £0; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 S5@S 35:
in sacks, $6 50@S: Pearl Barl°y, $5; Split
Peas, $3. Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $* 25^1
3 £0, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 130? 25:
Oregon. ' $2 5002 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75Q3 for bakers' ;• Washington bakers', $2 73
63. ' ' ' '
Flour and Millstuffs.
Local Ber.k Clearings during the past week
¦were $rL01L600, against $15,126,095 during the
came week last year.
Bank Clearings.
Palermo— Fruit picking pears finished; crop
larger than expected; quality very good.
San Jose— Warm, foggy early morning; fruit
conditions unchan~-jd.
Hollister— Bartlett pears getting ripe; crop
medium; quality good.
Napa— Canneries busy on peaches and pears.
Hanfc-rd— Grapes not so nice as last season.
Santa Maria— Favorable weather Improving
beans dally, which now promise well; grain
thrashing only half done.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9Uc: one tierce, 9!ic; two tierces,
9c; five tierces. S%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7M-c per lb for
compound and 10 ! /4c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
lO^c: 10-Ib tins, lH4c; 5-lb tins. ll»ic.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12',4c for light medium. 13Hc for light, 14^ic for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, . 13t&@14c; California Hams,
in@13Hc; Mess Beef. Jll SO per bbl: extra Mess,
$12: Family. $13; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear. $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef, 13^S14c
per lb. . -
Proznsions.
The Chicago market was strong and advanced
from 10c to 25c. This market was quiet and
featureless.
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— Wheat opened strong
and #c higher at 71@71%e for September. High
er cables and small receipts were the strength
ening influences. Trading was rather slow,
however, during the first hour and the price
sagged to 71c. At that point the enormous ex
port demand created a buying movement for the
long account. A report that the -Government
crop report would show a decided decrease in
the acreage of spring wheat sent the shorts to
cover and September advanced quickly to"71«i
@71%c. Profit-taking caused a setback of %c.
The decline was checked by good outside buy
ing and the market ; soon took another' up
turn and again touched 71%@71%c. There was
little trading, during the latter part of the ses
sion and the price sagged off to 71%@71«.c,
where It closed. : . - . -
Corn-, was strong and active on crop damage
reports. September corn closed V,c higher at
oSUc .. • - • , .
Oats shared the bullish feeling which devel
oped In other grains. There was a good com
mission house trade. September . closed U<5%c
higher at 35%c.
Provisions 1 were firm, helped by the advance
In grain. Higher prices for hogs and heavy
buying by packers added to the strength. The
close was at an advance of 7Vic for pork, 10c
for lard and 12%c for ribs.
The leading futures .ranged as follows:
Nevada— Fair Sunday, except thunder storms
in the southern portion; fresh southwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday.
with fog In the morntne and at night; brisk
southwest wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
the Interior. At San Francisco the tempera
ture is 66 degrees and at the same moment 00
degrees on Mount Tamalpais.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 80 hours
ending midnight August 11, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Sunday: continued
warm in the interior, with light northerly
winds; westerly winds on the coast, with fog.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday, prob
ably light thunder storms In the mountains;
fresh westerly winds.
"Evaporated apples were very firm on spot
and in fair demand. Future evaporated were
etrcng. Sales of new prime State apples, it
was rumored, were made at S%c. but there
¦n-ere reported offerings of Canadian goods at
S':<c. in bond."
•'Rather more interest was taken In new crop
California dried fruits, but no very active
fcusiness of any kind was reported In futures,
buyers and tellers still being about '^ic apart
In their Ideas on apricots. New choice" peaches
•were offered Saturday at e^c f. o. b coast
this being about higher than the last pre
vious price on the same grade of Roods.
Dried Fruit in Nnu York.
Ms.ll advices from New Tork say:
" T ?Z * ncreased demand and the stronger
market for prunes xras the leading feature In
flried fruits last week. The coast eituation
firmed up considerably, owing to recent large
purch**«E. and It was reported hard to buy late
J.°=tT;t. 11 at a 3-oent basis, the asso
ciation itself being withdrawn on all sizes.
Local demand was chiefly for the larger sizes.
6u?%o inV are - est holder8 asking 7c. 6c and
T-hi ~f «0-5Cs. oO-60s and 60-70s respectively.
The raisin market Improved decidedly also
during the week as a consequence of the eale
vi/. Cu r ed Frult Association of its entire
holdings of loose to the packers. Prices on
ine epot advanced. 3-crown muscatels being
held very firm at the close at oV-S^H. Seeded
also were higher on spot and on the coast, and
eome carlot business in seeded in cartons was
reported at 6c, California. On the Epot seeded
«»ld at 6%g7»4c for cartons, with a very fair
oemand.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15- o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Continue very dull in this market, at
90c@$l 02M> for Black and 97&c@U 15 per . ctl
for Red. ¦ • '^
CORN — The . Chicago market, though higher,
was dull pending the issuance of the Govern
ment report. The Iowa State report gave the
condition of that crop at 57. The San Fran
cisco market .was unchanged. Small round
Yellow, $1 75: Eastern Yellow, ! $1 62Uftl 65;
White. $1 70® 1 75 per ctl; Mixed, $1 50@l 55.
RYE— IXft.TtVzC per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.,.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
8C0O ctls, $1 02%.:
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 02%; 4000, tl 02%; 2000. $1' 02%. \ ¦
BARLEY — A letter of inquiry addressed to
the grain merchants by the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company relative to the strike will
be seen under the head of wheat. The market
remains as before quoted. Feed, 73%c ' for
choice bright, 71«i<fM2%c for No. 1 and 67%@7Cc
for off grades: Brewing and Shipping grades,
77H@S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The foreign- markets were firm,
with higher futures at Paris and Liverpool.
Chicago was strong at an advance of l%c,
and reported the most active market ever, seen
on a Government report day. Exports for the
week were the largest on record, being 8.8C0.000
bushels. Primary receipts were 300,000 bushels
less than last year. Clearances yesterday were
over 1,000,000 bushels, with New York to hear
from. St. Louis reported.'" receipts of 81,000,
against 210.0C0 last year. The Michigan State
report gave that crop at 10,000,000 bushels.
The San Francisco market was firm, with a
fractional advance in futures. The feature of
the day was the receipt, by every grain mer
chant, of a letter from the Southern Pacific
Railroad saying that owing to the strike the
yards were congested and Mission Bay ware
house was full and asking each merchant If
he had any objection to the company's de
clining to receive any more grain for San
Francisco until the congestion was relieved.
All -sorts of answers \ were returned by the
merchants. . •• *
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 97%@3S%c; milling.
$1«T1 02^ per ctl. '
Wheat and Other Grains.
The demand for Apples, Peaches and Apri
cots continues brisk, though it is not as eager
as it has been. The movement in these goods
during the past fortnight has bee.n remarkable,
and thousands of tons have passed out of grow
ers' hands. Evaporated Apples have advanced
to 8%c In New York, and the market Is stiff
and tending upward throughout the East.
¦ Germany, is cabling for quotations for Califor
nia Pears, Apples, Prunes and Apricots. -
¦ FRUITS — Apricots. 7Vi®10c for new Royals
and Ihic to 14c for standard to fancy Moor
parks; new Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; new
Peaches, 5%®7c for future delivery; Pears. 4@
Sc; Plums, pitted, 3@5c; unpitted, l@l%c; Nec
tarines, 4J?4%c for red and 4®5c for white.
PRUNES — The association has withdrawn
quotations, and will sell no more at present.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
quotes the following prices: Bleached
Mhompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; nrime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's,-9c per lb." Sultanas — Fancy. 10Uc per lb;
choice,' 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6&c; 4-crown, 7c ; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown. iz;
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. 5«4c, and
4-crown. o'-Jc; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Impe
rials. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping potnts in •California. S"
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12gl2^c; No.
2. 8@S^c: No. 1 hardshell. 10®10%c; No. 2. 6%@
7HC; Almonds, 13«?14c for paper-shell. 10@llc for
softshell and 6@Gc for hardshell: Peanuts. 5@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12>4c: Filberts,
12S12\4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50® 5.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@10c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5%<@Sc;
light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark, 3^t?J"U«
BEESWAX— 25fi28c per lb.
.. The Prune combine and the packers are still
apart in their views, and it now looks as If they
will net work together this year\as they did
last. ' '¦ -, -.' .. ¦ -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The America Maru took out a treasure list of
S228.3C5. consisting of $107,305 In Mexlcanr dol
lars. $1000 In gold coin, $116,000 in silver bullion
and $4000 in' Guatemalan silver.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...;... .— $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight ;... — 4 S8V2
Sterling Cables — 4 S9&
New York Exchange, sight..' — • 05
New York Echange, telegraphic — - 07H
Silver, perounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars/nominal... 47 <Q> 47H
Exchange and Bullion.
Board— - ;
15 Alaska Packers' Association 130 50
10 California Fruit Canners 96 <H> ¦
50 Contra Costa Water 7S CO
150 Equitable Gas 5 Z7Y 3
30 Hana Plantation Co 6 50
• 10O Makaweli 30 V>
50 Market Street Railway 79 CO
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 63 119 12*5
120 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 CO
$SCCO S P of A Bends (1910) 113 3T^i
3 Spring Valley Water, cash 83 05
5 Spring Valley Water, s 90 S5 CO
95 Spring Valley Water Si VZM
20 Spring Valley Water Si 25
Morning Session.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 130^131 Oceanic S Co. 45% 47
Cal Fruit Can. 93 — Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. — 100 Pac C Borax.165 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint .... IS —
Hana 6%— IKUauea 16 16?1
Hawaiian — 51 Makawell 29% —
Honokaa 13U 15'i Onomea 22y» —
Hutchinson ...16U lSValPaauhau 17>4 —
Giant 75% 77 IVlgortt 3 3!£
SUGAR.
POWDER.
California 130 134 . ,O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio — 40
Market ........ 78T4 SO I
STREET RAILROADS.
SAVINGS BANKS. ,
German 1870 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav... 52 — Union Trust,. 1500 — '
San Francisco.520 —
Anglo-Cal ....'— 81 L P & A 155 160
California ....404 406 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — SF National..l27^ —
First Nat S F.305 312 ",« : ?}
BANKS.
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 )
Cent L & P... 4 5 iPac Light .... — —
Equitable 5*i SU' Sacramento .L — —
Mutual : 5>4 6V* S F G & E.... ifi U»4
Oakland 51 — San Francisco. 4U 4^i
Pac Gas Imp. — 44 Stktn a &. E. S —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Contra Costa.. 73% 76% 1 Spring Valley. 85 85?»
Mar in County. 50 — I
WATER STOCKS.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.lO6»i — Oceanic SS 5s. 101^102
Cal-st 5a 117H — Omnibus C 63.131 —
C C Water as. 107% — Pac G Imp 4sj — 10O
Ed L & P 6s..l2SH133^ Pk & Cl H 63.IOS —
Fer & Cl R 6S.117& — Pk & O R 63.. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — - Powll-st R 6a. 120 —
H C & S 5VaS..10«U — Sac E G II 5s. 93 —
Do 5s — 10ZM- S F & SJV 53.121 —
Los Ang R 53.118 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
LA Light «3..101>4 - S P of A 6a
Do gntd 6s. .10* — (1DC9> 112% —
Do gntd 5s. .103 — tiaio) 113 —
L A & Pac 5s. .101 103 S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5S.102H — (1305). Ser A. — 10314
Mtk-st Cab 63.127% — (1905), Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m 5s.l2t — (1906) US'-tfH
Nev C N G 7s.lO5 114 (1312) 120^3 —
Nor R Cal 6s.. 111% — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s imi — c gntd. as.. ..107 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 101^101 S P Br Cal 6a. 136 —
Do 5s 1C5 — S V Water 6s. Ill —
Nor R Cal 5s. 110 113 Eo 4a lC2*i —
Oak Gas 5s 115V& — Do 4s 3d mtg.lOlH —
Do Tran3 6s. 119 HS^jStktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 59.102H — |
STOCK AND BOSTD EXCHANGE.
. Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
4s qtiar coup.. .113 113V4I49 qr cp (new).137 133
4a quar reg....H3 113?s 3a quar coup..lOS^10S?i
SATURDAY. Aug. 10-12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
shares; California Standard. 4250; Four. 1300;
Giant. 2000; Independence 30C0: Junction. 22.800;
Lion. 3SQ0; Peerless. 1470; Sovereign. 1130.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Trading In the market for evaporated apples
was of the usual Saturday order, but the un
dertone holds generally firm, owing to the
scarcity of sellers. Prices were unchanged.
State common to good, 4>A@7c; prime, 7@7%c;
choice. 7%@Sc: fancy, S@SV4c.
California dried fcuits were dull and nomi
nally unchanged. Prunes, 3H®7c. Apricots —
Royal, S^fJflSc; Moorpark. 8@12c. Peaches-
Peeled, H@lSc; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS
EGGS— Receipts. 2900 packages. Steady but
dull. Western candled, 12@16V2C; do uncan
dled. S@14c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining. 3 9-16c:
centrifugal, 96 test. .• 4%c; molasses' sugar,
3 5-16e; refined, quiet; No. 6, 4.75c; No. 7. 4.65c;
No. 8. 4.55c: No. 9, 4.50c; No. 10, 4.45c; No. 11,
4.40c; No. 12, 4.40c; No. 13, 4.30c; No. 14, 4.30c:
standard A, 5.10c; confectioners' A, 5.15c; mold
A. 5.70c; cut loaf, ' 5.80c; crushed, 5.80c; pow
dpred. 5.45c; granulated, 5.35c; cubes, 5.60c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2473 packages. Steady.
State' dairy. 14@19c; creamery. 16(S20Hc; West
ern June factory. 15@15V4c: Imltatfon creamery,
14«5;i7%c.
HOPS— Quiet State common to choice, 1300
crop. 13® 18c; Pacific Coast. 1900 crop, . 13@13^4c.
HIDES— Steady. Galveston. lS@18%c; Califor
nia, loMic; Texas dry, 24V&C. ¦
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, 26@27c; Texas.
16017c. ':-. . ,
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet; No.. 7 invoice,
5 U-16c; mild, dull; Cordova, 8@HV4c. Futures
closed steady, net unchanged. Total sales,
16,750 bags, including: September, J5; Octo
ber, $5 05; December, $5 20; March. $5 45S5 50:
July, $5 70. . . > v *•
WHEAT— Receipts. 145,450 bushels; exports,
217,724. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 78%c f. o.b. afloat
and 76%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1; hard Duluth, 87%c-f. o. b.
afloat. Options were active and stronger on
the bullish foreign news, large clearances, gen
eral covering, strength in corn, higher North
west markets and light opening. Closed strong
at lc net advance. September, 76 7-16@76%c
closed 76T6c; October, 77>4@77%c, closed 77%c;
December, 7S%@79 l-16c,- closed 79c.
NEW YORK, Aug. lO.-FLOUR-Receipts,
124,724; exports, 11,140; 'sales; 7568 packages.
Quiet. Winter patents, $3. 35@3 SO; winter
straights, $3 30®3 40; winter extras, $2 50@2 80;
winter, low grades, > $2 30@2 "40; Minnesota pat
ents, $3 60@4 10; Minnesota bakers", $2 85@3 15.
Linseed Oil marked down ioc per gallon. ¦ ' \
Sh.pment cf $228,505 to China. ',* ' ;
Weekly bank clearings gain, a s usual. ;• ¦
Silver and Exchange as before.
Railroad to cease receiving grain for this city.
Wheat and Barley dull and steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull
Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Potatoes continue in demand for shipment:
Vegetable market still heavily supplied and weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs show little change.
Poultry nominal. Game law keeps Doves scarce. '
Canners advance their price- for Cling Peaches.
Fruit boats from the river still arrive late. \
Prune association and packers still apart.
Continued demand for Dried Fruits in the country.
Provisions higher at Chicago, but quiet here.
Packers reduce their bids for Hogs to-morrow. :
Fair trading on the local stock exchanges.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
'New. York Grain : and Produce.
TACOMA, Aug.. lO.^WHE AT— Quiet; Blue
Stem, 57%c; Club, 56c. ¦•: , •. . . .
WASHINGTON.
OREGON.
: PORTLAND, Aug.. 10.— Wheat— Firm; Walla
Walla, 57c; Blue Stem, 59c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Aug. 10.— Clearings, J3S3.300; bal
alances, $125,492. • ,. ¦'
Portland's Business.
WASHINGTON, Aug. ' 10.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury, balances In the -general
fund, exclusive . of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows:* Avail
able cash balance. $178,988,964; gold, $102,673,838.
Condition of the Treasury.
PEACHES— 15@50c per box and 15®35c per
basket and $15@25 per ton for Frees and $35@45
for Clings; Peaches in carriers, 35®75c, accord-
Ing to size of carrier.
NECTARINES— White. 25@35c per box; Red,
404* 75c.
PEARS— Bartletts, *1@1 2S per box for No. 1,
23«573c for No. 2 and $3O@35 per ton; other
Pears, 25<g33c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3©5 for large berries.
BLACKBERKIES-J3ffl.i per chest. •
LOGAN BERRIES— $5<§7 per chest.
• KASPBEKKIES— *5@T per chest.
. HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@Sc per lh.
FIGS— Black, 50c@fl per bpx for single and
for double layers; White. 40@50c.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 50@73c per box; Can
taloupes, 25@40c per half crate and 75c@5l oO
per large crate; Watermelons, 6@25c apiece.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater. 60c
per box; Tokay, 85c per crate: Muscats, 60c@?l;
Seedless, -65c@Jl; Black. 50@90e. .
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2@4; Lem
ons, $2 50@3 for common and $3 50@4 75 for good
to choice: Grape Fruit, 50c<g$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $7 50@R: Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
APPLES— 75c®$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 40@60c' for ordinary.
APRICOTS— 25® 35c per small and 76c@U per
large box: In bulk, $2O@30 per ton.
CRAB APPLES— i0c(aii per oox, according to
package.
PLUMS— 20® 60c per box; Prunes. 60085c per
crate; Green Gages, f 17 50@20 per ton; Egg
Plums, $15@20. . .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
Isabella Grapes from Martinez were offered
at : $1 50 per crate. ¦ . " .- . ,
on passage, buyers Indifferent operators; Walla
Walla, 29s 3d; English country markets, quiet
and steady.- ¦ -; - " ~ ¦ ¦' : ¦ - ¦ /•
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 10.— Wheat., firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s@«s V4d: wheat In Paris,
firm; flour in 'Paris, -firm; French country mar
kets, quiet and steady.
COTTON— Uplands, - 4 13-32d. ..."...
Pacific. 110%; Depver and Rio 'Grande. ' A2V,\
do preferred, 92% : Northern Pacific preferred,
99; Union Pacific, -97%; ;, do- preferred, :M\b;
Southern Pacific, B5U; Anaconda, 9; bar sil
ver dull. 26%d per ounce ;. money, • lVi@ J per
cent; •"..-¦.•¦ - .-¦- . c *, '...¦¦•• - ¦¦"¦ ¦
HOPS— Pacific Coast, dull, £2 6s@£4. v ' -.¦'.'
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, AUGUST 11, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain Market.
SPECIAL. DAILY FRUIT SERVICE,
Foreign Futures.
"Mike." said Plodding Pete, "do you
t'lnk New York, la de wickedest city on
de map?" "No. sir." answered Meander-
Ing Mike. /'Dese little towns Is de ones
dat sets de dogs on you an' makes you
saw weed i.nstid of arrestin' you an'
tryin' to make you comfortable."
" NEW- YORK; Aug. 10."— Cotton futures closed
quiet and steady, with prices 5@9 points higher.
31
STATIONS.
,8^ O
Bg Bg
. : 3 : 3 g. 3 .
CO
SB
I"
5
3*
Hollister S4 61
Hanford 103 69
Napa S9 48
San Jose S8 66
Riverside 95 67
Palermo 108 68
Ventura TO 59
Santa Maria 76 68
.0
.0
.0
.0
. .0
.0
.0
.0
Clear
Clear
Clear
Foggy
W
Calm
S
N
W
STATIONS.
,8^ O
Bg Bg
. : 3 : 3 g. 3 .
CO
SB
I"
5
3*
Hollister S4 61
Hanford 103 69
Napa S9 48
San Jose S8 66
Riverside 95 67
Palermo 108 68
Ventura TO 59
Santa Maria 76 68
.0
.0
.0
.0
. .0
.0
.0
.0
Clear
Clear
Clear
Foggy
W
Calm
S
N
W
AUCTION SALES
MXT THURSDAY, Ang.4
I Will Sell About ¦
THIRTY STANDARD-BRED TR0TTIM
HORSES FROM THE FAMOUS PALO
ALTO STOCK FARM,
Comprising sons and daughters of Azmoor, Dex-
ter Prince, Mendocino, Wildnut and Alttvo, out
of grandly bred speed producing mares. All
well broken, young and very promising; a hand-
somer lot has never been offered at auction In
this city. Horses at Salesyard. August 12th.
Send for catalogue.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard street, near Third.
. WM. O. LAYXG. Auctioneer.Can any. one live down a bad name?
Look at Friday, for instance* .
WIGAN, "England, .Aug. '10.— Harvey
Parker, , the American : middle-weight
wrestler, 1 to-night : defeated Jack Smith, ;
champion of •• '¦ England, .'¦ in a " i catch-as
catch-can match,: in straight falls.. The
match was for a purseof:£50. ,-- ¦¦:.) \ : .
Parker Defeats English Champion.
COLON, Colombia, Aug. . 10.— The United
States Consul • General, Heiekiah AI Gud
ger, has publicly notified the Chinese that
they are entitled to the protection of the
United . States Consulate. He draws at
tention to the acts of ;vlolence committed
against them In the recent insurgent raid
along ' the railroad line and : expresses the
hope that their rights as foreigners will be
in future recognized and > respected.
Will.- Protect Chinese.
RED LODGE, Mont.. Aug. 10.— The Cor
oner's jury. completely exonerated Deputy
Sheriff • Gebo, ' who shot and killed Alex
ander^Matson during . a ? riot \ yesterday.
The -Finns then,, turned upon three of
their countrymen, who they accused of
aiding the officials, and drove thenTout of
town. The Finns are In ; an - ugly mood
and serious trouble- is apprehended. .
Finns in Ugly Mood.
; JEROME," Ariz!, : Aug. ao.— The ¦ seventh
day of the strike of the surface-men' at
the works of " the'' United Ji Verde Copper
Company finds things, while not : settled,
pretty, near; that stage. To-day many, of
the - smelter men.V have i expressed them
selves as - wishing to ; return to • work - and
were only held . back by the mechanics.
Eight carpenters, a plumber, blacksmiths
and [ other workmen . have returned > to la
bor, and the miners are still working.
Jerome Strike Is Breaking 1 .
WASHIXGTOX. Aug. 10.— Postmasters
appointed: Oregon— A. E. Johnstone. Adel,
Lake County, vice C. S. Lembertner, re
signed.".
Pensions granted: CalJfomla — Original —
Robert Branch Oakland, $6; George I*.
Grimston, Los Angeles, $6. Increase-
James Prior, Soldiers' Home, Los Anselea,
?8: John Woods. Veterans*' Home, Napa,
*12. Oregon— Widows— Eliza. E. Haney.
Portland, $8. Washington— Increase— Jaa
§er D. Faulkner, Spokane. $12. "Widows—
amantha M. Hall. Glf Harbor, $8; Rebec-t
ca A. Merrill. Palouse. JS.
Of Interest to PeoTJle_of the Coast.
STOCKTON. Aug. 10.-A special Santa
Fe train came In this afternoon bringing
130 ' Shriners from San Francfsco, who
came to hold a session in this city and in
itiate about forty new members. Half of
the initiates were Stocktonians, ten came
from San Francisco, ten from Sacramento
and several from San Joaquin Valley
points. The affair was very enjoyable and
concluded with a banquet.
Shriners Gather at Stockton.
New shoes— brand new $3 50 shoes-for
ladies, also for men, 51 85 a pair. These
shoes are retailed in this city for $3 50
Come around and see for yourself If
there Is not a saving of $1 80 on every
pair of shoes don't buy them. This Is the
special that the Bee Hive Shoe Company
is offering. Every pair is stylish, up to
date, Goodyear welt and hand sewed vicl
and King kid, velour and box calf To
morrow J3 50 men's and ladies' shoes for
SI 65 a pair at the Portland Shoe Factory
E&le. 717 Market street, near Third. •
Fall in Lane To-Morrow.
CHICAGO. Aug. lO.-The Cadillac. th»
defender for the American's cup. this aft
ernoon ¦ won the first of the International
yacht races, beating the Royal Canadian
Yacht Club's challenger Invader by eight
and one-half minutes. The race was sailed
around atrianguar course of seven nauti
cal miles to the leg, and the first leg was
exceedingly close. It had been planned
the third leg would be a beat to wind
ward, but a sudden shifting of the wind
soon after the start upset the calculations
of the committee. The first leg, which
was a free reach at the start, developed
into a port beat to windward, both boats
having to make a short tack before turn
ing the buoy. The second leg was a free
run before the wind, and that leg was a
fairly close-hauled reach.
The Cadillac finished fully a mile ahead
of the challenger. The Cadillac's elapsed
time was 2 hours 46 minutes 35 seconds.
Fifteen storesin all were 'burned .and
half a dozen dwelling, houses, whose "oc
cupants saved nothing and are now home
less. The private .water system at the
mills; saved :them from, destruction, else
the 'loss .would have been twice, 7 as great.
A; trainload - of < flour ¦ standing in front . of
the: depot and hot ti owned by the Cana
dian Pacific -, Railway saved these build
ings.
Eagles poured . five ' gallons of oil over. ~a
pile of boards in the street outside Gar
gill's general store and set It alight: Half
an hour later .two entire: blocks, contain
ing, most of the stores- in the place, were
burning. The townspeople ¦' gathered, - a«
well as the force from the flour mills near
by, and kept the fire within bounds with
many buckets of water, and wet blankets.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 10.— An in
sane man named -Eagles- set fire to- the
town of Armstrong early this ; morning.
By the time the flames were got under
control, at 4 o'clock, over $100,000 damage
had been done. * : '•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The train was > quickly stopped and it
was expected- the daring fellow would be
found dead <or dying, but half an hour'3
search failed to reveal his whereabouts
although the spot where he had struck
the ground head first was believed to have
been found. The conductor of the train
declined to wait lenger. so one guard wis
left to continue his watch through the
night. - ¦-, ¦. •. .
. There : were two prisoners, watched by
three guards, in the smoker of the Oregon
JSxpress. When near Dunsmuir. as the
train was running rapidly down a canyon,
one of the : men asked to be allowed to
walk down the car. - One of the guards
accompanied him after removing the
handcuffs. .When he wa3 near an open
¦window the prisoner rushed toward It and
before : he could be captured had leaped
outside. ,, - •-;.
REDDING, Aug. 10.— Rather than face
the dishonor of three years' imprisonment
at Alcatraz, - a young soldier of Van
couver Barracks, who : was^belng taken
to that Island, leaped through the window
of a train near Dunsmuir Thursday night.
The authorities have not yet found him.
From the size of the waves and their
peculiar formation, it is probable that the
earthquakes , occurred In • Alaska' or some
locality not far from Victoria, f and the
movements are very similar to those
which were recorded by the seismograph
on September 10, 1S99, and October 9, 1900,
both of which earthquakes •- so seriously
affected Skaguay. Unlike, however, the
two earthquakes above referred to. which
commenced abruptly and -with little or
no • warning, ' In this Instance there were
preliminary tremors and quakes ¦ nearly
four hours before the maximum or ex
treme severity was felt. :
.VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 10.— Bayne Reed,
the superintendent of. the Victoria meteor
ological office, reports that in all proba
bility news will shortly be received of
very serious earthquakes occurring in the
Alaskan region on the morning of Friday,
August 9. The seismograph, Which is part
of the equipment of this office, and which
was installed here by Professor. R. F. Stu
part in July, 1S38, gives : very clear details
of these shocks ; and the photographic
records show the disturbances to have
been the heaviest registered here.
\ Special Dispatch to The Call.
-Sonoita Canyon carried the Water, which
did. the greatest damage to the road. It
swept down from the canyon at a depth
of ten f eet and ¦ the ; tracks : and a ' thirty
loot embankment were^completely washed
away: for; the i width of a mile. -
_ From : Fairbanks^ as / far - south as 3 Cala
basas there are p faces in the road washed
out and it will be a week before trains
are running again. (VAs large force of men
ana. trams with supplies have gone to the
scene of the washout from '. ...-.
'-TUCSON, Ariz.,' Aug. " 10.— Again th.3
New Mexico and Arizona Railroad Is
washed out., A cloudburst occurred in the
Huachuca Mountains and the San Pe.lro
valley and the flood waters washed away
ten miles pf the track of this road. tear-
Ing out all of the track and bridges which
had just been placed In position after the
first disastrous storm two weeks ago. The
road was tied up ten days and trains ha.l
just begun to run when the storm of ye.i
if^W ca me and destroyed the work of
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Arizona Railroad
Property.
Cloudburst: Ruins More
The Cadillac Very Easily
Defeats Invader in
First Race.
Prisoner Jumps Through
Car Window Near
Dunsmuir.
It appears that when the party reached
a point where the old trail led to the old
camping ground ±«.ogers declared he would
proceed in advance of the rest and secure
some game for the evening meal. The
rest of the party, with pack animals, pro
ceeded slowly, Rogers expected to. Join
them at the camp. When night came on
and Rogers failed to appear the Sangster
boys separated and continued to scour the
mountains, returning .to camp : early the
nrst morning much fatigued. »- They kept
up the search at Intervals for six days.
°?I y e i\! ls » 1 J l « 8r^ tl l e services of two cowboy*
after the third day.
Rogers had been missing for six days,
while the three remaining members of the
camp have kept up an incessant searen
for him. The party consists of the three
Sangster brothers, srunsmiths, of - San
Francisco, and George Rogers, their un
cle. They, left San Francisco on August
1, reaching Round Valley August 3. The
entire party is thoroughly familiar with
the wooded fastnesses of the mountains,
having for three successive years spent
their vacation at the foot of Yolo Holies.
COVELO. Aug. 10.— A courier from the
Yolo Bolle Mountains, a distance of twen
ty-eight miles from here, arrived this aft
ernoon, reporting the disappearance of
George Rogers, one of a camping party
of four persons who arrived in that sec
tion six days ago from San Francisco.
News received to-night says that Rogers
was found alive but fearfully emaciated.
He Is being brought . here for medical
treatment. He had wandered for nearly
a week without food. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Franciscan Found
Nearly Dead Near
Round Valley.
Insane Individual Pours
Oil' on Armstrong
Seismograph* at Victoria
Shows Extraordinary
Record.
CANADIAN YACHT
FINISHES LAST
SOLDIER LEAPS
FROM THE TRAIN
TRACKS LOST
IN A TORRENT
DEMENTED MAN
BURNS A TOWN
STARTLING SIGN
OF EARTHQUAKE
LOSES TRIAL
IN A FASTNESS
Golcher Makes Another Excellent
Cast — Mansfield Leads in
Delicacy.
San Francisco Fly-Casting Club
neld its monthly contest at Stow j Lake
yesterday. Golcber made one of his excel
lent casts, extending his line 13O'£ feet
Everett and Brotherton followed with 113
feet each. In accuracy Everett was high
with a score of 95.4. Mansfield led in deli
cacy with 8S >-12. while Brotherton was
first in lure casting with 93 13-15.
Following are the detailed scores- '.
IXTCASTEBS EUJOY
SPOBT ON STOW LAKE
4^1 the Drafts of the old medieval
town was reached the scene seemed even
i tt^ m £ 6tlcaI - , behind the Emperor fol
i££^ the royal family, save the ladies.
rZ?Z£ -2£ om wa6 In lhe Procession: the
rJ2Z,k c r e i of Greece, the Prince of
Echaumberg-Llppe. the hereditary Prince
cf 6axe-Meiningen. Count von Zecken
oorff. who was the secretarv of the
A W /Jf e w E =? pre f s - and other notables.
A double file of soldiers bearing torches
walked on either side of the mourners.
Simple and Impressive Services.
«nK£j? n JM? i" mIy church four
officers with drawn sabers stood as a
guard of honor. The coffin was borne Bi
ii n l! y , 0Wn l u e alEle and deposited silent
ly between the guards beneath the cruci
nx. Trie royaJ mourners followed. The
Emperor, advancing to the head of the
coffin, stood with bowed head, while Dr
Dryander. the court chaplain, spoke a
few solemn words. It was an impressive
scene The flickering of the Renaissance
candelabra cast grotesque shadows on
the tesselated floor, flashed here and
there from the drawn steel of the mili
tary gnard and intermittently revealed
end obscured the Roman tracery and
bas-relief work of the Italian ceiling,
t^ the u most « rikj n& features of
the old fifteenth century church
* .l 1 i°.J ring .m e chaplain's address In the
deathlike stillness the Emperor stepped
forward and deposited a magnificent
wreath upon the coffin. His Majesty!
Stood a moment motionless, then dropped
upon his knees by the side of his moth
er s body The whole congregation fol-
Jowefl and five minutes was devoted to
Ellent prayer. 'It was an intensely dram
atic scene, the more so because of its
f7ni a rf«T ?"^ ty ' v Xo \. a T'rath broke the
stillness of the church, not a saber quiv
l£rrf a Hi°i n f,, th £ statuesau e figures of the
ruard till the Emperor rose, a marshal's,
batcn in his hand, and silently left the
church, followed by the chief mourners
Then sounded the clash of side arms as
the escort, without word eft- command,
closed up around the carriages and the
V^J wa t drlv « n back to Friederichshof.
ifitT?» n ! ? cofl ? n to . rest throughout the
fhf *™ i W £ e . n i t! V snent guards, beneath
the dim light of the srlltterins candles
CRONBERG. Aug. 10.— The church bells
have been tolling- throughout the day.
The Emperor, Empress, Crown Prince
and other princes drove over from Hom
burg this morning and were present at the
reading of prayers by the Bishop of Rlpon
et the side of the coffin of the Dowager
Empress. A requiem service was held iu
the old Catholic church. Bishop Eckerl
¦wing eloquently discoursed on the virtues
of the deceased.
All the Italian workmen at Cronberg
have been sent to Frankfort or have been
ordered not to leave their residences. The
military and police regulations are of the
most drastic nature and the facilities of
newspaper correspondents are much cur
tailed. The village is full of troops and
present* a scene of great bustle. Officers
and mounted orderlies and other messen
gers are hurrying to and fro, completing
arrangements for the funeral.
Emperor William has conferred on Pro
fessor Renvers the title of Privy Sanitary
Councillor, and has also bestowed an or
der on Dr. Spielhagen, who, with Profes
eor Rtnvers, attended the Dowager Em
press during her Illness. In addition the
elx ladies in waiting of the deceased Dow
ager Empress have received Red Cross
medals.
It 1b understood that Prince and Prin
cess Frederick Charles of Hesse will in
herit Friederichshof. The Princess is the
youngest daughter of the deceased Dow
ager Empress.
All day long the heat was Intense. From
2 o'clock this afternoon carriages and
vehicles of every description came stream
ing into the town, bringing sightseers
from Homburg, Frankfort, Xauhelm and
the country for miles around. Mingling
¦with the soldiers, detectives and workmen
engaged in erecting mourning masts, one
found a motley gathering intent upon
. seeking points of vantage from wnich to
view tne funeral procession.
From early this morning the military
held the streets and none but a most priv
ileged few were permitted along the route
to be taken by the cortege. At the bend
wnere the road reaches the old part of the
town is a great arch with green bows and
pillars, the support of which are four im
mense weird torches.
Body Borne to Cronberg . Church. :
Punctually at 9:30 o'clock to-night the
Xar-off sound of muffled drums and the
•*rtll-o -the-wisp-Ilke twinkling of torches
through the distant trees told the people
of Cronberg that the procession had left
Frederlchshof As the glare of the up-
Ilited torches drew nearer down the wind
ing road, it revealed a long, black, mas
elve line, on the shoulders of a dozen
soldiers. Then another flare revealed the
well known figure of the Emperor pacing
with somber tread just behind the coffin
It was a wierd, wonderful sight, appear
ing for a moment and then dissolving un
der the flaring torches, while on each side
lor a mile along the road were revealed
wiSi f tt€ , ri .ge bayonets and helmets of the
Eightieth Regiment of the line, of which
the dead Dowager Empress was colonel-
«M T 5 e * dee P mul F ed roll "of the
drums added to tne solemnity of the
Bcene. * ~ ;
Court Chaplain Addresses
Mourners Who Join in •
Silent Prayer.
Bemains of Late Em
press Borne at Night
to Church.
SOLEMN SCENES
AT COFFIN SIDE
THE SAN FRAlSrCISCO -CALL, SUNI)AY|^AUGPST 11, 1901
32
CONTESTANT.
K K Event No. 3. S
: I : : S:-2S
: * : * * s »
!l^- : ; . : r.
Battu
Golcher
Brooks ...'
Grant
Mansfield
Muller
Smyth
Toung
Everett
Brother-ton
. 109 89.8!S7.fc|77.6!£2.7 nZii
88.S!P2.8|S4.2I88.5 90 2-15
- 100 92.8!S1.4|78.< 79.10 .
i»1.4.'92.S;82.6 87.7
. 80 190 93 ISO 8«.6 64 i-ii*
.119 I»S.4!M.4!8S S7.7
• !11S X |?2.4.!93 I&3.4 88.2 WJi'.'iS
CONTESTANT.
K K Event No. 3. S
: I : : S:-2S
: * : * * s »
!l^- : ; . : r.
Battu
Golcher
Brooks ...'
Grant
Mansfield
Muller
Smyth
Toung
Everett
Brother-ton
. 109 89.8!S7.fc|77.6!£2.7 nZii
88.S!P2.8|S4.2I88.5 90 2-15
- 100 92.8!S1.4|78.< 79.10 .
i»1.4.'92.S;82.6 87.7
. 80 190 93 ISO 8«.6 64 i-ii*
.119 I»S.4!M.4!8S S7.7
• !11S X |?2.4.!93 I&3.4 88.2 WJi'.'iS
Hale's.
Hale'e.
Eale'B.'
Hale's.
San Praneisco's First Tow^ '^<smf
We never heard. of anything as big as this being attempted in the West When we'told them wg were Roinj? in to build up, a towel trade, that we ! ¦¦¦.- - I!-*. . .
before.. > . V. .* . ¦-..,,, '',., ; ", , were So' m g to do it by giving the people so much for their money they couldn't ~ >», __*#** 3 * S> LL« oe '* s *^ j^J!!rp J^s.
Three months ago we began planning and buying towels. We didnt. take help but come back again, they saw the novelty "and logic of it and jumped in ' ~W \~ -' V_ B *«* s *^T-e«*** sS!^^ 'Jr^Sr R^*pV%\
just what were offered us; we didn't buy a single one-just -because . it was to help us do it. They saw a bigger trade in it for them. They gave us better / s «<V& . s *^ a^ =S \^ eS^^ J^^Sr JP\cJ(2r\ I
cheap; we didn't get one. that was imperfect or: inferior in , any.:, way; we towels and made them cheaper than they otherwise would.-' In many cases, to / B\J&ss s *^\ S fit* s^ JpSr^&rX® I
didn't buy to make money on them. Towel men told us they never, ran ( up get-good enough towels, we waited for them to be made.'- • ".'^ ¦/ % : 'j&^^r^&^JR' »S-<^
against such motives as those before. . „ ; /¦-¦;¦.-¦:, '• Thus it is that selling starts to-morrow with , : " . . / y _g *=^\W^ J&^'dr^^f^/F \\tiV
Every kind of a towel for every kind of a use, and * every one "less than We put them ." ./ # \ \& d7^30%^^ ' \\
you'd pay for it any other time. Can any one keep "from buying towels* with fin SoIa MnnHnv IWfti»niti6 P!t»c+ Tim^ - - i \\. J^^J^ ''^ ' ¦ \V'
suchfactsstkringthemintheface? ¦;.¦-'. ¦ .¦ I 1 ..":^oaie monaay .iiiopiiing— rirst i line ¦....,.. % ;> x.Vi^.y- ¦.. ttt>i. . ISi
.¦¦--: ¦ ' •¦.'"'• — and they 11 continue onsale till sold. Don't think you must hurry down be- = \r ¦ jsS^ I I I \y An
BvePV One IS Brand NeW— and PePfeCt. forc breakfa ? t ¦ to-morrow— come Tuesday or Wednesday. Can't come? Tele- 1 j^\S&%rr<P' LJl I tyr*
" • . . '. phone or .write. Whatever you do. though, don't miss these good things. "•¦] ¦¦'¦' g j£r$y&%&%r^ li'tt
We started in to make this' the most uncommon towel sale any one ever While you're at^ it, get enough to last. \: '- r -\:^:j . ! '.'¦'. \ : ji^\W&\ vET " '' IV 1"^ ¥ ' " 8 li
heard of— and we've succeeded because of the unlimited resources and the per- \Ve .can t repeat this again soon. - Lj\ \ Vtt ' 18 U| \\ M
feet control Hale's California stores have of the market conditions. You'll get MOPe Than 40 ExtP3 Salesmen Will Assist. \ \Vj II F ' J B HC
just as good towels as are made— and save money on every one. ' . . This, with added selline space of counters and tables, means promptness. "*^^^^^^^^^^^S^ ~^ i\\
Turkish Towels. Turkish Towels. Huck Towels. Damask Towels. XXT"^T il ;
8 hl;^hi 0r 1OC ° neS> 16X34 lnChe9 ' Un " 20c for 25c ones, bleached. 40 dozen. 12c for 10 2-3c ones, 19x38 inches, ir? c for 20e on=s. 21x42 inches, I 1 B^l " \'U
bleached. ,^..>. on sale Monday morning for the first hemmed, colored borders.' finely woven! fringed, coTored borders- 1W dozen! * 1^^^ ¦ I B ! V%\
lOc for 12l£c ones. 19x38 inches, un- ume. fringed; 50 dczen, Monday for the first Monday for the first time. . , .^L. • ) \ V '
bleached. , 23c for 30c ones, 24x54 inches, un- time> 10? 22c for 30c ones, white and colored . "^S*"^": *^^ ¦ B ,
lie for 13c ones. 20x42 Inches, ex- bleached. ifl/, #„, onn .-„ , 1W , "i^^*.— v borders, pure linen, knotted fringe, • 6. J \
tremely.heavy and not harshly fin- . W
13C for 15C ones, 21x48 inches. HuCk TOWelS. ;.,.; nrst time Monday. ," ISA? " "^ '" UflPS' IlllS DUSIflGSS» III
lie for. 15c ones, bleached, heavy. 7^c for 10c ones. 17x30 inches, 66 19c for 25c ones. 20x40 Inches, white, 35c for 45c. ones 25x50 inches all vrvr V'\-* .. ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' . * -^ JC i«
selvedge, 19x40 inches. dozen, Monday morning for the first fringed; 40 dozen,. Monday for the first linen colored borders frineed- 25 doz- "^-r- : - _ > 15
14c for 2Oc ones.. 21x40 Inches. ' time; hemmed, colored borders. time. en, Monday for the first time. ' ¦ Faster this month than ever. .. 1 :--"-' 5 \ )K
17c for 20c ones. 22x45 inches. 8 1-3p for 12^p ones. 18x32 inches 22o fm- Qn n «««. nn.n t,,,»i, «n <» others at 50c. ooc, 75c,-' fi.oo, "91.25, We've been working iust as hard in the months that are . ?x m
9 xU^ 2^r^a^ lnCheB ' WhIte; . 2 |?he f sT60 3 ? o Vn?tond. n a e y%;r U^^ , Se^^Pffiu^S^^S* Son^slcte^Zwk But you couldn't see the results ||
extra Dig. very nea\y. ; tlme - • tlme - ... priced; Monday for the am time. like you could this month. , , . . •¦* \3> l&
n }:&£'& .--•;.-.¦;-: -— , J »" * * J --^ • -¦•¦-. • - ' ¦- ¦ •' ' : -¦' ¦ ..".¦•¦- We've been down there out of sight laying the foundations. Jtt gg
Po £i;It r o£ ongs ' Fashionable Ribbons "Vf h and8 i ar f s ; ii#S^^^i^^p| If ¦
CHAUNCBY OLCOTT'S. 1 WOU1VUUM1V 1\IUUUU^» f OP.-. the WOrth Of One. master market conditions and-to own goods at- bottom prices £Og
lTy2C. • every y/\rd is ..BRIGHT : 'ANo^New. ... - Takes time to build a foundation, but it pays if it s going to hold . \$M
~^^ r^ Tlsil T R ° se - This ribbon store's supremacy' can be seen by anvbody— which means ; our oreaniratJnr, kjc'w^w v.o^/i * ? much of a building.. ... ¦-•'i. -¦ ?/¦- .'.;--• ' \)i do
£*°^-*Z 1^7^°" month has. ||
f 20c ~ a «M»fcof I»p to must Bee them If you'd know their beauty, . '"™e prices -«1U De. enough to show you what s here. But you been th e wonder and talk of the thinkin B ptlblic- §8 SB
Sone Casket. -20O-54 choice songs. • . ' . WJSvv^S MBB^N-biil^'^it? 1 ?^ 5 I0B BEATJTrFpi, FKENCH BIB- Of course we're selling merchandise closer than we . ever. f&H
Vocal Casket, 2Oc-63 choice songs. ,-M ja colored goods, with three wide stripes of " BONS-three". styles— a: taffeta In satin d 'd before. • , . ;: ? . ' " < 0 U
I X I ilJ white In a lace effect. It's one of the stripe, In solid and combination colors, in Of course we're selling the best there is. <5 '
fhififl f«afC E SHW J r^ t i!Tn S «nn nd w™f^> 1 o« a T 1 in8r^i bbo 2 s^ of *^ "^^ a11 the ' very select shades - Another Of course we're selling just what you want; of course 9, Y,)
v^nina -r>pice jars a iS"tr^d:^V? c SSi ? t? e l ieirSe2 l ftS' QOa -. .French ta ff , ta gl aee qffe cts.. with ai-mch ' f O ik S couidn:theipbutbSy: Bm we'dbe foolish to doit, to iH-
21c. ¦'..- •' ¦ : ' • at'23c to 28c.- - ¦ , : white striped border. Another Pompa- get such hosts of new customers here, if we didn't know when \ >h\
c china- all 1 JTB I " blue ' JL avy U°3. d r0Se> cardinal - e ra >'. tan- marked now 23c. We won't mention their oacK again. .:... /-•-.--;¦ • . % M
Q^Sfe^J/^^M +utJ, JL^ib^V/ 1 the shades you want and it's pure ' actual value, but they would be chean We were sure of our foundation before we beeran. \Y, »
|v ' 5 J oi i n e m . silk. o»4 Inches wide. . a * c >nU
€Piif ¦ iwll Best $3,00 Black "R D." Corsets $1.50, I Li ™ \ t i2Lc Kid coveredi:orset ciaspssc
decora- ., Ql'7^' WhUa'-on/i i^^u <<r» rk ,, ! 'X ' -«.— % ¦'" ¦"' • fnn pvahw nna They are made from the best spring steel and warranted. ? > xi
tions-they stand 6 inches high, and are Ur :Ol.TO White and Drab "P. D." Corsets 95C. : : every One. Come in assortcd lengths. It's very seldom that an article of U U
each labeled for what you want to put .. — Every size (18 to 30) Suitable for ahll il^ lire such everyday use. and which we have never before been able \\ 15
into them, such as tea, coffee, sugar. finrtpi* ¦'n~rp'-h't>in—Tii>T-fi>nt I™ l~j nn + / • . to sell under I2^c. could go now for 5c. There's nothing the p» Q5
cinnamon, etc. More than a dozen dif- UOrsetS are new— perfect— 111 latest Styles. ' matter with them in any way. You get as much for ?c as we \\ \\
ferent kinds On sale Monday for the —You Can't get TYlOre ailJ/ time Or anijivher '3 fOT$ '3 K tKan we'll Hvefor $1 50 usua "y give you for i2V$c \\\\ '¦
three colors. -^c Belt; Buckles, 15c.: : Finishing Braid, 4c. if | \
made in fancy designs, glazed finish— WomenyJeverywhere recognize them as ' ¦¦ • ¦ ' " • ?iSSv t0 Sr y ?hi a fl?I?* t tl 1^ 111 ye! U White assorted patterns, comes : A
the neatest and prettiest ones we know "' • ;•-•*•.- '-: - ' Tri-.^ r?^^^- r* ; ~ *. r* ««-•¦ . " . — . |^P^' how ihev went' We can't riv? In packages. It's just here from 8 8
of for the money— 2 5 c i T Mp Best Corset FPailCe MakeS • : th^m to y^?i in Telull? S New York by express, and goes |L|
; —and that means, best in the world.- The Yankee has tried to copy them but he thinks too much of thp rn*t Th- un *. de 7 5Oc " Th ? s^! es " e Just 2 n sal ! Monda y morningr for the ; «.
Sale of ; * Frenchmen forget cost^in^their enthusiasm to get comfort and gra«. M^S^^^^M^^ : S^Tett^l^. SST first . tlme " 4c - ffl
fnnrr»«OCC Ron-<s frenchmen. And now no woman need deny herself any longer the luxury of a French corset. ";'V- dized or silver. -:* ¦ White Tape, 5c DC. d/%Wk
WOngreSS DagS q>I. The P. D. Corsets at SI.50. The P D Corsets at q^r "Basting Cotton, 2?,c. "" , J\ i\. VK§)
—13-inch ones SI OO *« j *> - * " ¦ • • ' ¦ /stt^-*^ j
lSg81ii' for 75c M f nd p Shirt Waists. $l.0» amUUO Real KM filoves fc£
fh O e O re S t C h°e U Sore TheV T-ant to cCme 5 tf^X' M^»*aS Of ParCa>— White Of Colored— Montfay First Time. On Sale Monday Morning for the First Time. toy
Lucre, Lii\. inure iiicj want to come m> / v j rp. . . s . ' - - - • - * iji 1" \ e z % • lJC*1 L i
there. Everything there is so good so J&P-S) x nere 1S every size from 32 to 40, and plenty of each. . ,. v\ e sold gloves last month for 09c which were thought the ~. ''7.
fairly priced. We are going to do all j4&£^2 m % You have never seen them before. They are this summer's very latest and best values we - had had forisome time. We had every reason faCTJOn '
we can this month to build up our J&%IBP~^ \-' pre } t } est , styles, just here from the factoty. Some of them are tucked fronts 1° """kwe -.could _not 8 et better ones for the price, but we I .**""*
leather goods business. SKF lMr®,«- and bac , ks; some have Sundered collars, others stock 'cellars; all of them have have " For we received yesterday (just in time to make this an- fV~lTT'
You may see that in this offer— ' M& " e - V S0 ft ,t They are in pl ? in blues and ox-bloods; also black and white nouncement > b -V express from >,ew York ?r - .- JUWQ'
Chatelaine Bags 50c, -^^^^^^^ stnpes, and blue and white stripes. :, : - - . Drummer's Samnle linp HtV
Of grain leather, leather-covered frames, ~^^^^^^^^« I,,.. 11/ • X ll/'xL I rff - : UrUmmCr b Z>aiTipie LlIlC | *7*/
linen lined. After Mend., BOc .^^Q^^^M " ittl LfiCe tffeCtS, 65C V^ZP^^
Chsldren's Sun Hats. ™^^ "-"— — "^^a«^ £
MmfeVr^w Mercerized Madras Waists, $1.25. i7c for Our Best 20c Bleached Sheeting %° w i
t^ttoZ^^t^T^rjSlt Ml\Blukf^ 'hi P^'^s and fronts, soft collars! and cuffs: colors, old rose, ox- .1 Monday for the First Time . P 7 "^
Sow thap ever A ¦ ° M/A\l W^l\\R&-0 blood, , silver gray, light blue. Nile screen. They are one of the dressiest " It's full 81 inches wide, the usual width for double beds. fi^J! S1K
4Sc for 75c and' 8^c Hats. if M\I SI#W^^2> SY^ \ " . we f ha \ e eve f r seen = the y l ?° k f«r all the world like silk, and It's as Rood and heavy a quality as we can get to sell regularly CdrGlUl
150 of them with Tam o'Shan"?c?owns /I/ll\i 11 11SF 'Jf don t lose their luster in water, either. 3 2 s to 4 o's. -- at 20c: but by getting a big lot of it and getting along with less n^^.^
double ruflle shirred Lrims. large self-col- Miff \\1 Ws!iWgi*kb*Z' • ' r»-*< «»/- •!.• '. *+> '— -A ~ profit this month we are able to mark it 17c. . :¦£'•:' II tZSS
2 r n e d <i^e. infront - colorspink - blue ' rfed l(l3M[ lW\SmM^-S£ S |8^ Waists- 'at $5.00. ,¦ ¦¦„>
-nSS f fc lthT , m 1\^BI IWk Tff - jhe snk- cost More Th an That. Another Lot of KUow Cases Iflc 9™?"'
—^T" ~ : - V -- XS BiFKA i^fPWk every one, and all made in the very, latest style; some have Bishop cuffs. - Hemmed, size 45x^5 inches, and made from heavy quality \tfnnS\r\
RpQt FrilU I««-C $**fm « MlW some e P uf J ed Isleeyes. some have those rich Persian trimmings; others of muslin. We've never vet sold such a good case under 12^?
»JCM 1^1 Ull JdlS :; :; ''If »i are solidly tucked back and front: others-are tucked all over- all of them are --— — FKl^r*tr
;•;• • Reduced. p/M wm\% \ 'i W w' entirely new picked up under 'price from one of our regular suppliers Sizes M^«»^ i l«l Ck,-*^ A "> LJttO/l
Mason's machine-made, which means no P\ ' 34 and 36 only. .../-,.;:'; V ™ Zt$ M S 0 S UnlaUndered bhirtS, 43C. J ..¦<>¦ 1
rough edges, no bubbly places-th«y all T \V We never saw so much quality and style and fine dressmaking marker! ->t Saeciallv Bot-a'it for This Occasion ~ /7/)A/V
SU"B.««atKSjffi IBS ¦(.-..--"•> : ' ?J^*w£, f e?^^^^^ .^ toJTT^ f?~™^ tor & first (j^
—58c dozen- pints 1. r .,, c - .^ ....... . viST JZrvff time. They are made of splendid quality muslin, reinforce Vil/t/CA>
- —78c dozen quarts. iVlCUa! 1 S oep teiTlber FattemS (zSLd&Lzd&y /W f\ fronts and backs, patent gusset.?, split neckbands, long bosoms: jggffll|l'llln l Jllfll"IT
—98c dozen 2 quarts. and Magazines ore here. . J^ttfr /w/ /^^^ "" A nlfthprTtra talnp fnr men tn-mnrrn • \VO
You can cither write or telephone if you v , T , h 7 are the ones you all have been looking forward to. Just as ilfSrr" /ffl/ /Mf /^^»Ef (§&& @&fe' cffiS^S^ /> / \aHII
can't come. They will be sent to you brimful a8 the >' can he with now fall ideas, chiefest of which are the /ffl/ jflaSy J^ 25^ 5^ yZSs*' *<S&si^ J*Q& S $S2>' MEN'o £ANGY EU&DbRED HANDKERCHIETS Gi/Jc. Wl I /
pafcly in boxes of a dozen each. new she * t r attern s of /j&gf/ L^£^~~ "^^ Hemstitched; this is unquestionably the | r ' JfJ
H Jellv Tumblers 14c- 1-3 or % pts.. child s Raglans 15c. J£2l m «fi?^ ""^if^ifl 1 (fri^irtr^*^ best value we've ever offered. Fifteen
¦¦¦¦S?a<S" or _ uncovered-made of crystal Also box c oats ;. work apron patterns. 10c. .Some folks prefer McCall's / S *^- — -'~* "^ ' hundred on sale tO-morrOW for the first '
s patterns. They're mote economical In the use of cloth and simpler. MARKET, NEIR SIXTH, Qpp (TO : >D~N CATE /V ' tiirc"6 r 'c each 6mvWXr<^
Hale's.
Hale's.