MRS. HENRY T; SCOTT, AT WHOSE BEAUTIFUL; RESIDENCE IN TH I^
) ; Continued ;ca- Second, Page.
Continued on Second Paga.
organization' of this city. Here -there was
a, veritable 'beauty "show. "Ab*out' thirty
Southern belles held court in a,
ibower. of roses arranged" around. a gilded
armchair, -which was designed" to' hold 'the
;President." 'Mr. r McKinley,' ' however," wa3
(too .wary to be caught in-thc;net. Hc'dld
not take; the chair, .but brayed the bat
' tery,; of .'eyes, 1 ? and -, after, greeting* each ; of
thevyoung ; ladies'- personally^ in -turn'", he
¦•was 'introducefi by ¦ W. J:[ Crawford of the
Cdmmcrcifu-Appeal ' and made a, pretty
speech.'." •¦ ' • •" *¦' . • . , • ,¦ . •
• '. Af f?r'. this function " the . ladies '. of .the
¦party, .were taken ? in - hand I by - the : ladies
of 'Memphis.- r A/ r&ceptlon "was held : 5i>
their, honor andjiater a., banquet was given
thfni'at.the Peabody Hotel. At the^ same
time bn T the -floorraboVe the President and
, t jic'5 gentiemeri''ofvhis T -' party. V. with.' about
: 200; prominent business men .of the- city,
sat down to" an elaborate S dinner: j ;;
! Former, Representative* Josiah Patterson
r presided 'and- much- enthusiasm was mani
fested. Secretary; Hay, spoke to ' the toast, 1
j ."Our /Country)" .and' -the'-- President re
sponded : to J the.'' toast, . "The '"President of
th'cv.United. States! V* : Mr. /MckinleVVdeliv-,
'ere^ 'a" notable address, :* dtecussins^ -the'
feature 1 of,- the, great transportation ;lines
and giving special attention tolthe ship
subsidy bill. •• , .: . • $ ' ¦
It is understood that the President had
"not Intended to make an Important speech
at this dinner, but the enthusiastic recep T
t.'onj.he ¦ had receiveVl 'inspired vhlni to a
: somewhat. lengthy . and exceedingly,.fnem
i orable utterance as - to the future policy
of the "United States regarding the expan
sion of our, foreign commerce. , 'After a.
; graceful compliment . to the' city arid its
! growth* he spoke as t follows :y , *
. ' Commercial Instincts. .
' r . This "city, wlth'its magnificent river, with Us
early history and environments, : could not fall
,to the true .Instinct of commerce. Ton'
¦were, born to ; commerce here .'" in Jtheiclty ,'of
Memphis. ¦ It- vas k your early * training. a Ton
i'saw'.the shlps'go'wUh -your -products "and ,th<»
1 ships j return^ with ' the produces '. of .- other coun
.' tries for your, use and comfort. - Tou earty dl*
,'cerned the possibility of .''this "^great '"republic'
and you have been' in the vanguard of,advance-'
ment. and progress and expansion from thejear-"
liest, years. of 'your history. ,- The State of Ten-'
nessee shared In the sentiment and "spirit of the!
people *df"'M4thphIa,'. and 'ori"the"l«ft v/ of rpecein-"
"ber, lSil, the Legislature "of thtaj State' biy joint
' ;i am, glad to 'meet' with the "people ; of ; Mem- '
phis and : of. the^State. of ;Tennessee.t Their". his-
; tory. Is associated ' with • the i ereatest . struggles
'and sacrifices ; of our .country *and ,their>.valbr"
hasbeen'consplcuous on' every battlefield ot- the
republic, gj The j commonwealth' has lost : none | of
:the.zeal 'and 'patriotlsnnwhlch i grave ; to .it In
the early; days -the -name >'of 'the' "Volunteer
State." - It shows .-it . is jfstill ; worthy^ of; that
proud •designation, lor even now it3 enlistments
in' the new army, according to' population,,"ex
ceed any other State In the Union. .(Applause;.)
Her record - in :' the < Spanish 7. war \xvan - a : distin
guished. one,": I shall ;never;rdrget thati during,
.the 'anxious days "of . 1S99 i It {was '.the. Tennessee.
Koldler8iln.' the -Philippines, .with^unfaltering
patriotism., who led all others in re-enllstmentH
for the new"' regiments' then 'forming. '^(Renewed
a'riplauEe.) : J«...;' : ;"-.' •" >^ : '.-;¦' •';','' '" '. .?
k They^'cncouraced; their, comrades and; cheered .
the heart of the 'whole country. ,' Nor.; can '¦ I f.iil
to remember, anil:' recall* In'^ their ,* presence "arid
'make acknowledgment .tothe gajlaiit First",Ten*,
nessce Volunteers, v who. '¦ havlnK j once I embarked
en , the', transports, . > with t their faces .^turned
homeward and ¦ toward tkos<' they ., loved, ¦¦ volun- ;
tarily^dlsembarked'and.'majchinsr to' the; relief
'off their comrades': in : distress,'*' fou'sht a- brave
fight ' and • wlth/them; turned- defeat"' into'lvic
tory. 5 ? AH g honor j to ; the " TenriesEce ¦» oluri teers
and ' all '. the ; grat ItudeTof I w hlch ray heart is Tca
pablo to;the noble men'and^women of this" city
for this magnificent : welcome 'to myself and my j
associates.' .(Prolonged •' applause.) t.j •,-. . . t ¦
'"i^r'^rLadies EntertaihVdi " A\,
I After thisispVech'the* party]'Wfl /driven
to the ' Twentieth^ Centur>'V Club* -;a c ladlca 1 .
with the Union Itself andexists because of our
love for the Union. It is not perfunctory or su
perflcial. but- deep "and '¦ heartfelt. It is 1 the
hearty, honest sentiment of l.onest people lov
ing their, country and proud of Its. Institution^ •
and determined that .both shall be maintained.
It is powerfully influencing /our national nr*
and de>c!opmpnt and completingr' that* unifica
tion so essential to national security nnd : so
iridlepensable to 'the realization of our national
strength and influenced ' .¦ ' -. '
. "What a inilghty, resistless power for Kood.is
a united nation of'free ; men!' It makes . for
peace and prestige/' for 'progress j and liberty, j
It conserves the rights . of the people and
strengthens the pillars of the Government and
Is a fulfillment of. that, mere perpetuation, for ,
which 'oar revoluticnary, fathers .strove and' for
which the '"constitution- was made. • 'No citizen
of the republic rejoices more than I. do at this,
happy .state., and. none will do more withlnhls
sphere to continue, and Btrengthen.it. ¦• >
Our Past; and; Future. '
• pur,"pa?t ; lias gone into history.; Xo' brighter
one adorns the annals'of . ' mankind.-: Our .task
1« in the future. /"We. have the old; centjiry, be
hind us. holding on j to'; Its aehievementg ; and
cherishing its memory,; and; turn" with hope"' to
the new. iWlth- its opportunities and- its oblifra- :
tlonn. :¦: These, wemust meet;: men of the South.'
men of the North, -with high purpose and reso
lution. Without -internal, troubles T to 'distract
us*, or.' jealousies j to .disturb 'our .judgment. / v,e
will, .'solve ¦.: the problems "... which -.confront us,
"untrammeled;by the past.^and, wisely and cour
afreoueiy pursue fa j'policy o£ right '. an<l ¦ Justice
in all* things, '¦' making, the" future, under;' God
even 1 , more glorious than the past. ." ' v'^..\;'->.
A S the time for the reception ap
f\ preaches the ladies are rapidly
•/..^ overhauling the' men in the
* ' / : originality, and" ambition r>t\
•£ • J^ their plans. A round. of recep
tions and banquets* that will
' • ; '" ' make a v.-eek of sociability has
b*en^ planned for the . ladies .from Wash
irjjrton and from Ohio. " The principal
functions-^the reception In : the art insti
tute and- the banquet ' at' thiv California
Hotel— are; all' arranged; "rind ,' as to the
banquet but little more than to order the
dinner and -select the speakers remains
undone. The management of the Califor
nia' Hotel has promised .a banquet tho
like of which has never even been
thought. of in this State, and the pro
gramme , of , speeches that will go .with it
will ¦ be • right up to the standard oC tha
menu. . The selection : of toast3 and
speeches, to be delivered by women at ¦
a women's banquet given under. such cir
cumstances, Is somewhat of a tax upon
ingenuity, butthe problem^wjll.bex solved
satisfactorily . to - all •. concerned Ions
enough beforehand to allow the chosen
ladies'tlme- to prepare -their 'oratorical
efforts. The wives of prominent local
men:'a!nd officials will 'be among' the ,In
vited ,. guests.. . ," ¦ • ¦' K ' •¦=>. '
The reception at the Art' Institute will
be in'charge cf a f . committee^ composed
of Mrs. Frederick Hewlett, Mrs. Charles
"\V. Slack, Mrs. Ella-' Sexton and Mlsa
Susie. Russell, and this committeo will
be i assisted by- the following general com
mittee: Mrs. John F. Merrill. Mrs. L, -'ell
White/ Mrs. William Eckart, Mrs. r'.T.
iiam Alvord, Mrs.- I. Lowenberg.. Mrs.
Emma, Shafter Howard. -Mrs. Margaret
Irvine and Mrs. J. - Brar.dt. The follow
ing subcommittees will also assist: Invi
tations — Mrs. James Robinson. . Mr3. Jo
seph . Crockett. Mrs. -A. Gerberding, Mrs.
Bryant and Miss Briggs.' Decorating 1 —
Mrs. Brandt,, Mr3l ChlUend?n and Mlsa
Froelich. ¦ • Music — Mrs. M:-' Campbell and
Mrs. Lovell AVhite. "House arrangements
— Mrs-, J.^F. Merrill, Mrs. Louis SI 03 s and
Mrs.' A. Chesebrovgh. , Refreshments —
Mrs. - 1. ¦ liowenbergr. Mrs William Eckart
find Mrs. Frank Bates. " Printing— Mrs. E.
G. Uenniston. Mrs.. Frank -Dalton and
Mrs. E!la..Sexton. , \ .
• - Accommodation Problem.
•'Among the problems which confront
those in charge"of the ' coming reception
is one-rvhicti-so far has received but lit-,
tie apparent attention^ it is "that of ac
commodations. • For- weeks .back every
hotel in the city 'has' been full and the
downtown hotels nightly have been turn
ihg'people away. Visitors have been com
bing in from the; East and the -North and
the*. So'uth and the ; Orient untii '. the ques
.tiofr of housing them .has become a .serl
! 6us;'one~,and only to bo solved' with extra
Byd. O. CARLTON.
Specia! Correspondent of The Ca I
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. April 3O.-Tte
second day's run of the Presl-
Jential train was through a
region less attractive than the
picturesque mountain scenery
of yesterday. The •weather was
• extremely warm and the track
tlusty. The spring season In the South
has been several weeks delayed as In the
North, but the warm weather of the last
two days has brought out the trees In
full leaf.
Most of the party retired last night at the
Tennessee-Alabama line. The picturesque
region about Lookout Mountain . was
l>assed at dawn and a few arose to see it
from the observation car. but, the Presl- ;
dent and Mrs. McKinley did not arise un
til near breakfast time. The first stop of
the day was made at Huntsville, Ala.
Toward noon the weather was uncomfort
ably warm, and iced drinks were much in j
demand.
The ladies seemed more interested • in
preserving their flowers than In attending
to their own physical comfort. The' rear
.pratfonn was baiiked with them and many
~~*uia&s6fp& 'wrr^-Alr-d :n tbV-ao&n
. At one stop a fasr-fcjured. .Wu'«-eyed
miss, with- roee-red lips half part£i in a
emll*. roguishly stepped forward, and
plucked a bud from, the car. - .The Presi T
dent gallantly- rowed and smiled, whereat
the~audaclous miss coquettishly kissed
her dainty finger tips.
. _ A funny looking little negro girl, dressed
In homespun anc. wearing a headgear of
red bandana, tried to emulate the example
of her fair tister. She smirked and
"eourtesied" until her linsey woolsey
Fklrts brushed the ground. This raised a
good laugh and a Cabinet officer remarked
poto voce to an associate, "The President
ls= almost as popular as Hobson."
At some of the brief stops, however,
there were, only a few cheers given by the
awe-stricken natives. There was no lack
of warm hospitality shown at any point,
, but many of the simple people teemed
rendered speechless from sheer fright, and
they could only gaep a wide-eyed open
mouthed appreciation of the President's
visit. Never before had they been so near
to greatness and perhaps would never be
sgaln.
Noisy Welcomes.
The larger towns, however, gave the
noisiest welcomes and some of the villag
ers, in their enthusiasm, tried to climb up
Into the vestibuled platforms. At one
place a well-meaning, but ill-advised citi
zen swung his hat and called to his neigh
bors in a lusty voice. "Three cheers for
the liberator of the white Republican in
the South, William McKinley." He was
proceeding to make a set speech, but he
was not heard. His peroration was
drowned in laughter. Some times in dis
tant cotton fields were noticed negroes,
shouldering hoes and drawn up in'military
line as the train sped by. They wore
"strawpiles" turned tp at the back and
down at the front. Hk3 the hayseed bon
r.ets of Filipino troops/
As a diversion the men of the party
sought newspapers, books, cards and the
smokir.g-room, while the ladles read,
played whist or indulged In naps. Thus
passed many pleasant hours as the tiain
sped through the South. The Cabinet
Secretary strolled occasionally from one
"end of the long vestibuled train .to the
other, but the President for the-most part
remained steadily In his own
ment and in his favorite seat; except
when he was called out to address a
crowd assembled at some . station.
McKinley Always Gracious.
Some of the towns were passed without
so much as the toot of a whistle,*? but
when an aggregation of rustics was lined
up at the depot of some little town the"
President would bow and smile his ap
preciation and the ladles would wave
their handkerchiefs as the train tiltied by.
Occasionally a Cabinet secretary wauid
etroll Into the PreFidenfs car for a chat.
The subject that seemed most to Interest
the President was the decadence it the
Southern country and its promised regen
eration.
As the train speeded along there, were
noticed from the car windows many half
deserted village*, with only a few dilap
idated weatherboard houses or log cabins.
Idle mills and vacant stores. The people
in this section, content to take life easily;
had nought to do but gather at the sta- ;
tion to see the trains go by. Negroes al
ways predominated, and for the most pait
nog.rr, "nammys" with pickaninnies
clinging to their skirts.
It was remarked by the President and
his Cabinet secretaries that; though the
'South, with Its Eunny fields, flowery mca-
PROGRESS OF THE PRESIDENTIAL TRAIN THROUGH THE '^SOUTW^^^TjL^^:-/-
At Memphis the President was greeted with an enthusiasm seldom seen in the Southerxrcity. '¦^'^^^j^'^:^p^^S^f^?^>}[i^\
which he spoke in such a vein that it aroused the wildest cheering, and - afterward he was thejguest cf the city: at a : hanque't;.: ;'gr ; . .' T ; . „ - :.
At D«»catur the President spoke to .the throng which crowded round the train at the railway 'station.:- His words' were greeted with tre
mendous applause. His address was very brief, and at its conclusion he introduced Secretary of the "Interior E itchcock, who al^so ; spoj^e ;J-brieny:.
Through Alabama slops were m^e at several' of tha towns' on the way and at every one the same ."desire to see the PrMid-ntand the .sams
enthusiasm was present. \-.' . . ' ! .. i. -.'.--..;{' '"-'•.'¦•' -•;..¦;.¦"/
He Notices Most the Condition of the (Country inv H is P^thxanel: of
Its Inhabitants, and His Dream l-s^^^eWi^Wa^U^^Mpf^^
publican Party in 1 the States- of the Awakening Sunriy^ South
Twice He Speaks in A/Vj^||[S§i ppi,*:and-. at^Merr1if>gl^^|^e^^^^^^^^
the Train for the First Time, He «|^sf|§|^|g|5ftlS^^8-'W
People by Eloquent References to. the Volunteers of • fpinessee
THROUGH THREE STATES M'KINLEY'S
WAY IS MARKED BY LUSTY CHEERS
:¦¦ :r FR£ff^
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 152. %
; PRICE" : Fly E CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
dows and verdant forests, .was beautiful
to behold, there was yet pervading the
country a subdued spirit as If their con
quest In the rebellion' had notaulte been
forgotten, and the general aspect of the
country was a sad one, and seemed to
Indicate that the people were ;*low to re
cover from the desolating effect of / war.
Old South and the New.
These were the thoughts that evidently
occupied the President's, mind as he sat
pensively gazing from his car window
drumming idly upon its pane". - Now and
then he would comment on the beauty of
some bit of passing- landscape— the view
of a. river, forest, mountain or valley, but
irresistibly would he return to a discus
sion of the subject nearest his heart— the
old South and the new. .
A close personal friend who talked ¦with
him to-day said to-night: "To build up
the Republican paity in the \ South is
-doubtless his ambition, yet no one who
heard him speak -to-day could, doubt his
sincere friendship for the whole people
of the. South' irrespective of race, color,
creed or* political affiliation." ;
I This morning at the usual hour for Cab
inet meetings af the ••White:. House the
: President called' Secretaries Hay,- .'Smith;
'Hitchcock -and:. Wilson- info.; the observa
iloa-. cir.5, nvii er«v i^ +i*2*f: -session. i " t r.* Ji -.He W -
"»flhlnd c) of *.•*!¦ «oors. ~ It: r iat«r
ihat'no important- advices had been ,'rV
ieived from Washington a'nd no business
i;f ; importance was transacted. - .-.
'.The rest of the 'Journey to-day. wa3
Marked by no incidents out of the or
dinary- At Decatur. the hcrne of General
"Joe" Wheeler, the train passed under
two immense American flags. Here two
old Canton schoolmates presented Mrs.
McKinley with' a loving cup and a basket
of trout. • : i .•¦• j
¦ At ' Tuscumbia. Ala., an arch of cedar
spanned the track ind the train passed
under it. At Corinth. Miss., the Memphis
reception committee boarded the car. 'At
the Tennessee-Mississippi border a crowd
of whites and black* fired a volley from
revolvers and shotguns as a mark of
esteem.
Memphis was reached on schedule -time,
4:30 p. m. sharp. .
ROYAL WELCOME
TO TENNESSEE
President Speaks at Mem
phis, Referring Eloquent
ly to State's .Volunteers
MEMPHIS. Teniw April 30.— At ; Mem
phis the party received a wonderful wel
come. A committee, headed by Senator
Carmack, met the train -at -Corinth" and
escorted the party to this city. A national
salute of twenty-one guns fired from the
river bluffs signaled the approach' to,- the
city. At. the station Governor McMillan
and others reinforced the greetings to the
party. . A military parade, with, -a' com
pany of grizzled Confederate veterans In
their old uniforms acting ". as the; ¦ guard
of honor, escorted the party in carriages
through the principal streets and around
the Custom-house, whence a" view : ot the
Mississippi, now almost overflowing.'*, on
the Arkansas side, was obtained r ' from
Court Square. The city was elaborately
decorated with flags and bunting. ' Not a
residence or busineps Chouse: 7 seemed to
have escaped from the desire to decorate
In honor of the President's coming. Ban
ners were stret* hed , across ' the .^'streets
bearing such in«jcrlptions ( 'as : "Mr. ; Presi
dent, the City is Tours'" ."The_ Nation's
President," and other slrhllar^reetings. i
The cheering through /which the proces
sion passed was trerflendous 'at points
along- the route. In Court Square, where
the reception occurred.. the platform was
bo hedged around ,'wlth rose-sand other
blossoms as to make a' flower show. Over
10,000 people werfj packed 'into the square
when the President", was: introduced to
Mayor -Williams. " In ; response ¦ to the
cheers which greeted; him, the President
made the first.' really notable speech of his
trip. • ;'
' KcKinley's Speech. . .
His them^ was,; the resistless -power' of
a great united people, and his address was
delivered best .vein. When .he-re
ferred.. In telosing.; to. the noble record of
the Tennessee' .volunteers In the Spanish
and . Philippine wars. Governor McMillan
led the'ebeering. The speech in: full foU
lows: :.-/,\':'.'- ". ¦ • ; ' .'¦. :'.'¦¦
I reclproca^te' f the sentiments of good will- and
fraternity expressed by your honored Mayor'
and 5 ' shown * 1n.ythe cordial . reception •'•on' the
part of the 'people 'of Tennessee. ;l don't mis
interpret "thl* demonstration. I do not appro
priate it; but accept it in 1 its true spirit, and
recognize . its/true^signWcance • our common
country.-;* •¦ Y. *; ~* . •-..., • ... ¦
It is representative of that good ' feeling hap
pily existing lVetween the people, of, the United
States jyhlch' Is -not bound by .State.'polit
ical or 'geographical lines. It . is'co-cxtenslve"A; Month's Test Free.
If you haveRheumatism.wrlteDr. Shoop, Racine.
J Wis.,boxl37.for six bottles of hlsRheumatlcCure, :
express paid.'? Send no money/' Pay $5. 50 if cured*;
fTTT*inifrirwihfiMMiiiiiMiiiiii iiiiiiftinrfiffiginiBwtii
. Following:! our. usual custom,* during this
month -we will close out- a'tlotVof, odd
framed pictures at exactly one-half price.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.; 741 Market street.*
Pictures at Half -Price.
' ': - . -.--SANs FRANCISCO. V April" SO,' ', 1901. ""
• Editor .- of . The • Call— Dear .< Sir: J At our Ad
mission ¦ day celebration many persons ; from
the interior, ;who were turned from the hotels,
walked the . streets ; until : long i after midnight
begging ;•» for - a • room r at • any price. - . Some
complained » that * were s put on - uncomfortable
cots c lni drarty ¦" halls < in • which • . they ' , could
not . sleep, :. and others •' could • not " even ¦ get •. a
cot: : Many ;,were driven ' across z the : bay,, and
had '.to : risk | their; lives j every; time I they » came
over ' on > ; account - of j. the ' overcrowding -of Tlhe
boats."/ Now," while this • state of < affairs did
One Man's Wail:
cots,"but the casual travel that has seen
a period of unusual activity Is nothing to
the travel that will sweep toward the city
jusf, before* the ) President's . arrival; and
while ' he is here. .. -,:¦'¦;'-.'¦
During: the - celebration of the home
coming of. the First California Volunteers
the housing, of the .visitors was a subject
that was given much attention, and after
It'all there were hundreds ;who could not.
find a place to rest? in, San- Francisco.'-- •¦•-•¦"¦
The Ohio • Society, has taken the matter
up for its own ; people I and there is now
at the headquarters a list of members of
the society ; who " have , rooms that . they
will.'giveior rent; to Ohioans- who come in
from -the -.East or. from, . interior . towns • in
the State. ? In - this ..way \ the - society, will
be , able to care | for at 'least 10,000 people,
which it is believed will be as many, visit
ing members of the society as will be In
the city for more than a day at- one time.
" In regard • to -'the i problem of accommo
dating'visitors ;the, following i letter; has
been received ;by^Thel Call:, -.;. >- ¦¦
be in Tacoma for six hours, 'and $2000 will
be spent In hl3 reception and'entertain
ment. , ' >
The keynote of the Tacoma endeavor
will be to keep the Presidential party free'
from annoyance. Everybody who desires
will be given a chance t to see the chief ex
ecutive, and perhaps to hear him speak,
but in all probability no one outside" of
the reception committee (which, : by., the
way, is. composed of the unlucky number
of thirteen members) will be allowed' to
get close enough to the President to speak
to him or shake hands with him.
An exception will be made in favor of
the school children. Mr. McKinley will
be brought into close proximity, with
them, for his Visit means more to them
than to -any one else. " • ' - ¦ '. ..."
The President will arrive in Tacoma by
train from Olympia at 4 o'clock p. m., May,
23.. The train will be stopped probably at
the Pacific avenue crossing, where car
riages and the executive reception
committees -and none; others»;will -. be -In
waiting. With the members of the Cab
inet and their- wives,. press agents. s»cre-'
taries and invited guests, the -visiting
party Is expected' to number slxty-flve,'
The party will -be comfortably disposed ; In
carriages with one member/ of tne;.com
mittees in each carriage, so far as is prac
ticable. Troop B will act as escort. : On C
street, between . Ninth . and Eleventh
streets, 'the school children of the. city -will
be assembled. ¦ There is room : In the two
blocks for 23,000 children. LThese-. two
blocks will . be- rlgjdly reserved for. the
children, between whose ranks. the Presi
dent will 'slowly drive." , - ¦ ; _¦, .. ; - ¦•¦.•.;•:
- At ¦ some other point ¦ the '. Q. i A: •; R. ¦":. and
Spanish-American veterans mayube - as
sembled and be greeted -by the President.
-After reaching Eleventh' and- C* streets
the carriages will be drlyen Rapidly across
the 'Eleventh-street bridge to" 'the St; Paul
mill, where - the largest--' available , log in
the State of Washington will be under the
saws. ."., <' . .*.. ... "..•» •'Wu •;. V- ¦
Such of the ladies of f the -.party as>'do
not desire to, visitythe mill will be" driven
Will Be Driven Around
th e City \ tp See All the
Sights and Industries
¦ '-'-. ''¦:'¦ •.'¦¦';'¦.'!•" ~ ~~ ¦ ' ¦ I. -¦/¦"
TACOMA, April 30.— The President will
IMPORTED CHAMPAGNES
SEIZED IN.THE CAFES
Internal Revenue Officers Raid- Many-
Places of Business in
Ssattle.
SEATTLE, April SO.— Under special in
structions from David M. Dunn. Collector
of Internal Revenue. Special Deputy Mul
lay of Portland and Deputy Ross of the
Seattle office to-day seized in various ho
tels restaurants and saloons in tnls city
upward of 150 cases of imported cham
pagnes and Rhine wines for alleged vio
lations of the internal revenue laws. The
property seized by the officers is. valued
at between $4000 and $5000. - The allegation
made by them is that the wine was found
in the various establishments without
having the revenue stamps required under
the law. ¦
C-AI.OON MEN TO RESIST
SANTA CRTTZ ORDINANCE
Will Test the Legality of the Es
cently Imposed. Prohibition
Law.
SANTA CRUZ, April 30.— As the liquor
ordinance prohibiting saloons outside this
city and Watsonville goes Into effect to
morrow the saloon men in the prohibited
districts tendered the amount or their
yearly license to Tax Collectgr Helms to
day. He refused to accept it. The saloon
men of this city, and Watsonville paid
their licenses under protest. The ordi
nance will not be obeyed, as the saloon
men have organized to resist it and have
engaged attorneys. They are prepared to
fight it through the courts.
Charged With. Smuggling.
SAN DIEGO, April 30.—E. D. Tucker
and wife. American residents of Ensen
ada. were arrested there yesterday,
charged with smuggling several boxes or
goods on which no duty had been paid.
The goods were found by the Mexican of
ficials on their premises. They were
shipped from this city and evidently were
landed near - Ensenada" by coasting ves
sels. . ' . : J
entire population of the town turned out
to welcome the President.
TWO ADDRESSES
IN MISSISSIPPI
People at Decatur and Tus
eumbia Cheer Party and
Crowd Around the Train
CORINTH, Miss., April 30.— Between
Decatur and Tuscumbia the Presidential
train was stopped to permit the party to
be photographed. The operators at Deca
tur and Tuscumbla had not been notified
of the intended stop and when the train
did not appear at Tuscumbla on schedule
time the operator there flashed the news
along the line, "President's train lost."
The report even reached the home office
in Washington. For several minutes the
wires flashed messages back and forth
as the officials were becoming alarmed
over the whereabouts of the President.
Finally the train appeared at Tuscumbia
and the operator reported It safe.
At Decatur President McKinley said:
The attention of the people of the South and
the warmth of their welcome have been t>o
constant since we started from the ¦ Capital
City yesterday morning that words seem poor
Indeed to express our gratitude and apprecia
tion. We. have no North, no South, no East,
no West but are all Americans. No Solid
South and no solid North, save when solid
for the flag and the Union. I have been glad
to note as I traveled through this section of
our beloved country the- great progress and
prosperity everywhere : evidenced. This country
has been signally blessed. We have everything.
God has oeen good to us. He has given to
us a heritage which awaits our development,
which we must not neglect, and it is our duty
to preserve this to liberty forever and forever.
I am sure you will be very, glad to meet
the Secretary of State "and other members of
the Cabinet.* who are accompanying me on thl3
Journey, and . I have the . pleasure of present-
Ing to you Mr. Hay, whree name has been eo
conspicuously associated with the open door in
China for your products. \
In Tuscumbia.
! One of the pretty incidents of the stop
at Decatur was the. presentation on be
half; of ahe ladies of Decatur; of a :oving
cup and a basket of trout to Mrs. Mc-
Klnley by Andrew and Miss Mary Frye,
two 'of her old .school friends at Canton.
Colonel R. H. Adams, as the personal rep
resentative of Governor Sam Ford, who is
ill, boarded the train here to? escort the
President to the Mississippi State line.
At Tuscumbla the crowd about the Pres
ident's . car was so dense that, by Mr.
McKInley's direction, several of the chil
dren-who were in danger of being crushed
were lifted over the rail to the platform.
Many of the old Confederate veterans
fought for the honor of grasping the Pres
ident's hand.
¦ 'As : the President ' was * about " to ' begin
his remarks there were cries of "Put the
flags down," referring to the flags held by
children who were near. the car, at which
the President exclaimed: "Never lower
that nag." . -
When the cheering had subsided he said:'
My Fellow Citizens: I wish I had words In
which to express the feflings of my heart for
this more than kindly welcome on the part of
the people of this city. In all our traveling
through the South we have been showered with
kindness, and we have been mad« to feel every
hour of the day that, If there ever was any
doubt in- the past there is no doubt row that
we are one people, one In hope. In sentiment,
in purpose and undying devotion to our coun
try and Its standard, and the Government rests
upon the people, for they are sovereign. " -We
are your agents. The President and the Con
gress are but the representatives of the public
will, and so long as , the people are united, so
long as their homes are virtuous, so long as
the public schools of our country ¦ continue .to
educate the children In tbe paths of patriotism
and loyalty ' and Intelligence* and morality, bo
lorn? will this great Government rest securely
and advance '. triumphantly to its highest des
tiny. (Great applause.) ~ . ,
The President then* Introduced 'Secre
tary "Wilson, who ¦ bpoke ; of the agricul
tural progress of the State. He aroused
great enthusiasm when he spoke of the
fact that two years ago,' when the cot
ton crop was short and ; was ¦ worth ; mil-"
liena,- the, people'of the South wanted to
know It,' and the administration notified
of this number nearly seventy will be
guests of honor.
There will be a "meeting of the execu
tive committee this morning in the office
of Irving M. Scott, the chairman.
The following official list of the mem
bers of the party to be on the Governor's
special, which will leave Columbus, O..
May 4. has been received by the local
Ohio Society:
Governor George K. Nash. Mrs. . R. S. Wan
rer and son. Miss Louise Deshler. Miss Helen
Deshler. Fred Sinks (private secretary) and
wife. General C.' M. Spitzsrer and wife. Colonel
H. S. Ellison and wife. Colonel S. J. Bird and
wife. Miss Martha Phelps, Colonel George B.
Donavln and ¦wife. Colonel Carl J. Hoster and
wife. Miss Harriet Sheldon. Miss Alice Stew
art. Colonel C. B. "Winir. Colonel Max Flelsch
mann. Colonel M. M. Gillette, Colonet Jerome
S. Burrows, 'Harry Hoover and wife, Fred
Black and wife. Hon. Julius Whiting and wife.
Captain A. Wagner and wire. Hon. George W.
Siebert and wife. E. J. Vaughn and wife, R.
E. Jones and wife. J. R. Schrnm and wlf».
Mrs. Henry Blmple. J. M. Ix>we and. wife, F.
H. Miller and wlf*. Judge H. S. Buckland and
wife. J. Austin Keller and wife. .W. H. Lam
bert and wife. J. V. Guthrie and wife. Mrs.
George "J. Karb. Mrs. Jennie Cashatt, E. A.
Kershey, H. S. Smith. R. D. Lampson. 'J. J>.
Ellison. G. W. Borland. Hon. J. F. Burkett.
Hon. J. B. Allen. H. B. Arnold. W. F. Bur
dell. H. A. Unman. C. M. Peters. Hon. A. I.
Vorys. J. Miller McDonald. Hon. Charles Stew
art. TV Troupe, Harry Frye, Theodore Troupe,
Hon. Nicholas Longworth. Hon.' FerdH. Hey
wood, W. E. Joseph, P. C. Werner, Ralph Laz
arus. Simon Lazarus. Samuel H. Marvin, W.
A. Legff. F. M. Rltezel. H. C. Vortrie<le.
George W. Walbridge. A. H. Push, Judge
Elam Fisher, Baynrd Kllgour. Harry Stephen?.
Rev. George Collier. S". H. Flicktnser, J. W.
Faulkner. J. W. TJages, J. P. DeWolfe.
An Associated Press dispatch from Chi
cago says thai between 30.009 and 40.000
persons departed from Chicago to-day for
points on the Pacific Coast. It was the
last day of the sale of the $30 tickets. On
nearly every road special trains were re
quired to handle the business.
HUNTSVILLE. Ala., April SO.— The
Fcenes attending the passage of the Pres
idential train along the route to-day were
a repetition of those yesterday. Crowds
at every, way. station cheered and waved
to the passing: train '• and every farm
house and cross roads had its group of
eager watchers. At Huntsville a stop of
t~a minutes was made. Apparently the
At Huntsville.
STEVENSON. Ala., April 3O.-The Pres
idential train arrived at Stevenson at 7:10
o'clock this morning on schedule time
At almost every Etation passed during the
night crowds of people, who had re
mained up to see the Presidential special,
cheered the train as It sped by. Several
hundred people were 1 at the station at
Stevenson despite the early hour. The
President, "who had already arisen, ap
peared and bowed his acknowledgements.
ing Train's Brief Stops
at Every Station Dur-
QUICK PASSAGE
THROUGH ALABAMA
Great Enthusiasm Shown
At 1:30 o'clock in the morning the Presi
dential train resumed its journey for New
Orleans, which will be reached at 4:30
Wednesday afternoon.
Thank Gofl no sectionalism now mars the map
of the United States. Our opinions upon public
questions of national interest and national wel
fare fio not rest upon the color of the uni
forms we wore In 1861, but upon our construc
tions of right and duty in 190L And I rejoice
to-night to say in this presence that the happy
time bas come and that:
"The North and the South together brought,
Xow o-wn the same electric thought.
In peace a common flag salute,
And with free and uwesentful rivalry
Harvest the fields whereon they fought."
So we have our railroads to the Pacific, and
now we are reaching out for more trade, and
for a period of years you have been shipping
your cotton to China. This bas been Inter
rupted a little in the last few months, but that
interruption we trust will be speedily removed
and we will have the open door to China, on
equal terms with every power on earth. And
it Is not going to hurt this trade that we "have
the Philippines. - : • ; *
The President paid a tribute to the
efficiency of "General Luke Wright of
Memphis, one of the Philippine Commis
sioners, and continued:
Building of the Roads.
The Government of the United States as
eisted in the building of the roads. It guaran
teed away back in the sixties $04,000,000 of the
Pacific Railroad bonds and became responsible
for their payment, and took a second mort
gage upon the property as security to the
Government- (Applause.) It is Interesting to
note In this presence that within the last four
years, of that debt, reaching- $130,000,000, prin
cipal and interest belonging to the Govern
ment of the United States. S124.000.000 has been
paid into the public Tra&sury and the balance
secured, thus giving us not only the principal
of the aid we gave these roads, but Interest at
more than 3 per cent.
resolution instructed its Senators and members
in the Congress of the United States to vote
for a great transcontinental line to the Pacific
Coast to be aided by the Government of the
United States. - . "
Three years afterward the Legislature then
assembled, not approving of the suggested route
to the Pacific Coast, .suggested that all of the
plans ehould firtt be laid before Congress be
before action was taken, and that the route
that would do the moet good for all the Inter
ests of the people should be the one that ought
to be adopted. (Applause.) • ¦
That was the purpose; that was the spirit of
the people of Tennessee fifty years ago. Xo
question as to whether it was to be the central
line or the pouthern line or northern line. The
real Question was the connection of this
great South and North of ours with the Pa
cific Ocean, thus leading out to the great mar
kets in the Orient. 'What your Legislature: a
half century ago resolved ehould be done has
already been accomplished. We not only have
one. but we have five lines connecting the
Atlantic with the Pacific — the Union Pacific,
the Southern, the Atchison, the Great North
ern and Northern Pacific — making- five great
transcontinental lines connecting the two
oceans. (Applause.)
TACOMA'S WELCOME "
TO THE PRESIDENT
CINCINNATI, Ohio. April 30.— In addi
tion to the Presidential train, which
left Washington April 28 for the.launch
ing of the battle-ship Ohio at San Fran
cisco, there will be two .other trains from
Ohio. General Grosvenor. who is In
charpe of arrangements for the Congres
sional train that will carry Ohio Con
gressmen, has announced that it would
leave Cincinnati on Friday night, May 3,
reaching New Orleans May 5 and' Los
Angeles .May 8, joining the Presidential
party at the latter place and arriving
with it at San Francisco about Mav ?.
From New Orleans the Congressional
train will travel over the Southern Pacific
to San Francisco and thence to Portland,
Or. The Congressional train will return
via the National Park to St.- Paul over
the Northen Pacific. Among the Con
gressmen booked for this train are: Gros
venor, Bromwell. Brenner, ¦ Nevin, •¦: Gor
don, Meekison, Smook, .Hllderbrant. Ly
brand, Warock, Southard,. Tompkins, Mc-
Dowell, Cassingham, Dick and others,
with families. v
The Ohio train bearing Governor Nash
and staff, the Ohio commission in charge
of the launching and others, leaves Co
lumbus May 4, via the Baltimore and
Ohio Southwestern, through Cincinnati,
St. Louis and Kansas City, thence via
Santa Fe to Los Angeles, where itj also
joins the Presidential party and goesiwith
it to San Francisco, and. returns via Chi
cago.
One Will Bear Congress r
men and Other to Carry
Gov. Nash, and Party
the people "so that the foreign speculator
did not get the millions but you did.
• —^ - •
TWO TRAINS .WILL
COME FROM OHIO
Total ..,..„..;;. ..$900
NatiTO laughters' Plan.
In order tcV 8how\ their appreciation of
the -visit, of tr*e President 'of the nation to
their • native Estate .the various parlors of
the Native Daughters: of the Golden "West
have decided • to : select an appropriate
testimonial * to Ws. presented to President
and Mrs. * J McKlnley.-^ A committee com
posed of Mrs.- 'EiSna* Gett of Sacramento,
Mrs. Kmma Thierbachi of. San Francisco,
Mis 3 Emma Mclnerney,;of . San Francisco
and Mrs. Belle Con^rad ~ of * feonora have
had the matter In charge and have decid
ed to make an album *pf California scenes
painted by -California artists.v
The pictures S-Wlll*- be V 12x14 » Inches and
each will represent some, particular bit of
California. The ..whole Will, be bound in
soft leather, on which will be burned the
name "California."^ and ' in 'ar.- ; upper cor
ner will appear the official 'emblem of the
association. The whole wtll.be enclosed in
a leather box, on which will .be set a panel
of gold containing the a inscription ¦"."Pre
sented to President * and Mr*. McKinley
by the Native Daughters of 'the Golden
West." •
The views desired are fron* Yosemite
Valley, ; Golden Gate, . San > Fraiicisco ' and
Monterey Chinatowns,'^MountJi. Shasta,
cluster of eschscholtalas, ; a flelfl fin" Sonoma
Valley, a bit ; of redwooda.^ Caihnel 4 Mis
sion, Indian Head, Monterey Bay..
Those who have been asked, to) paint the
pictures are: Stanton,'-Mrs.J Chittenden,
-Mlsa Froellch, Mrs. Mary Mentorj.Judson.
Gamble. Latimer. Dlckson. Hitte/U, Fonda,
Jorgenson, Sewell and Nelsonv* . .
The committee has also requested Sister
Anna Raphael : of/ the •: Collegeuot s Notre
Dame to .write a^poem, ¦which *w111 be en
gTa-ved In letters of -gold 'and .Wound with
the paintings.-. ;. > /-" 8 3 '
No More Boom. / «7 j;
>. The.banquet committee'in chiirgr© of ; the
citizens' banquet to.be given oh the nl^ht
of Saturday," May. 18, , has : announced '.that
the capacity of the banquet hp.ll has been
reached,-, aad ; hereafter invitations; accept
ed will ; have ¦ to await the i wijthdrawal » of
previous : acceptances v before • where will: bS
place for them.: The hall will/hold 465, and
Dear Sir: The executive council of finance
to raise funda to welcome President McKln
ley "and other distinguished guests find them
selves many thousand dollars short of the
desired amount to carry out their extensive
obligations and contracts to make this a
grand and glorious success. . ?.. - ¦-".-
The committee finds great trouble procuring
volunteer canvassers to solicit, and make
daily rejHMTts,. of results, many books being
out. not reported"j on. -. _
. The committee - recognises your great public
spirit and concede •. yonr cheerful willingness
to subscribe. ; and beg. , if you have not alreatiy
done to through a commute, that you send your
subscription •¦ at -' once - tr» this office, as • we
must know the 'exact condition of our finances
by the ¦ end ' of , this - week.
Trusting to get; an early response, and with
assurances ; of ¦ our great esteem and regard,
very cordlallir youm,
V - F.-,W. : pOHRMANN. Chairman.
The .. following .: subscriptions were re
ceived up to ,noon yesterday:
C.fF.: Kohl. "Sanlilatco... : $100
Alaska*: Packers'. ;Associationi.......;. 1W>
Paclfto Coasts Steamship Company 100
S. F." and S.'M.- Electric R. R. Co ..ICO
Sutler Street ' Railroad Company 100
John, Rovenfeld's Sons 60
"Wilmerding-Lowe Company 50
Shea.-Bocqiierax.A.'Co '...: BO
Joseph Brandensteln '.... 60
Robert /Y. Haytw • 50
Pacific c Transfer Company 13
United? Carriage Company 25
John' Birmingham ~. 23
Samuels j Bros. & Co....... •"•" 23
Slebo Bros. & Plagemann...... 23
Wreden." Kohlmooa & Co 25
"Want More Money.
George A. Newhall, chairman of the
committee on accommodations, returne 1
from the East last evening. It is expect
ed that he will take up the work at once
and that before the time for the recep
tion of visitors arrives , ample room will
be available for everybody.
The finance committee has reached the
$20,000 mark, and as this is about $10,000
short of what is absolutely heeded, the
following letter has been Issued by the
chairman of the committee, F. "W. Dohr
mann: •. .- V ¦¦-
exist, there were hundreds of respectable peo
ple in this city who had vacant rooms they
would have been glad to have rented at
reasonable prices.- The accommodation com
mittee, for . some reason known to them
selves, did not do their duty. I know parties
who iregristered their rooms with . them and
had their rooms . vaeant during the time.
Unless something is speedily done the sam«
experience will be repeated at our cominjj
celebration. The moneyed men of the city
should see that a committee be formed of men
who i would properly attend to the work.
Respectfully yours. \ J. T. MYERS, j
by Harrison G. Foster and members of
the press. • ¦
LOCAL PREPARATIONS FOR THE V
PRESIDENT HEARING COMPLETl
Continued from First Page.
' SAN • JOSE, April 30.— The framework
for the mammoth bouquet which the la
dles will present to President McKlnley
through Mrs. E. O. gmith, chairman of
the ladies' auxiliary committee, is ' In the
hands of the carpenters and the work will
be rapidly pushed to completion. This
skeleton is made" of wood and wire screen,
thirty feet in height and ninety feet in
circumference. In- shape it is- the hand
bouquet of the present time enlarged to
enormous proportions. The base is a tele
graph polo nrmly imbedded deep in .the
earth. Eight feet from, the ground the cir
cular structure for the flowers begins.
This will be first covered with canvas
and . then ' with fence wire screen. The
flowers will be set in the screen with the
stems resting against the canvas and a
spray of water inside the globe will keep
the canvas damp and the blossoms fresh.
The county Is being scoured by the bot
any classes of the normal school. and the
various high schools of the county that
there may be no plant or flower that Will
escape -the dignity of/representation in
this tribute to the 'President. The inter
est in the study of botany that this com
petition has inspired is shown In the en
larged classes and active participation- of
the pupils in the work. Each species of
plant life that enters Into the construc
tion of the bouquet will be analyzed by
the students and listed by Its common
and scientific name.
The. entertainment committee having in
•charge the arrangement of the ' pro
gramme for the three, days is suffering
from, an oversupply of available material.
There are more good attractions to be had
than there is room for or time to hold.
The bicycle and automobile races are at
tracting the most attention from the un
usual number of entries of superior riders.
With Macfarland, Stevens, Cooper, Free
man, Lake, Downing, Bell, Lawson, the
Turvilles, Hoffman and Muff present and
racing there .is a ctrtajBty of rapid go
ing and unusually clever sport.
1 he street fair that will be the attrac
tion .of Sacramento's reception will come
to San Jose, and Cairo's fantastic streets
and snake charmers will hold forth on the
large lot ' belonging to the county beside
the courthouse. A basket-ball game be
tween the 'girls of the normal school and
some outside the city team is being talked
of and ; would prove a drawing: card for
many. The battle of flowers and the pa
rade of the horribles will wind up the last
day of the festival in a blaze of glory.
BUILDING FRAME
FOR THE NOSEGAY
to the hotel, where they will be in the
hands of the ladies' entertainment com^
mlttee. .• , '
Visit to Sawmill.
The mill will be visited at 4:45 p. m.
Recrossing the bridge the carriages will
be x halted while a birdseye view of the
harbor, s shipping and vrater front im
provements and warehouses is shown.
Then the party will either take a boat
for a tour of the harbor, or what is more
practicable and will give much finer view
of the. city and harbor "will be driven
rapidly to Ninth and C streets, where one.
of, the large Point Defiance cars will be
reserved and will make a fifteen-minute
run to Forty-first street. .Here the party
will, by walking or riding two blocks up
the hill be at the most advantageous
view point in the State.
'From the balcony of Whitworth College
will be visible, lying before them, the en
tire harbor. Old Town and its mills, the
smelter and the city, Brbwns " Point,
Quartermaster Harbor, the West passage
and Point Defiance Park will form a part
of the indescribable panorama. In the
foreground will be the Cascade Range
and magnificent Mount Tacoma, whose
snow-capped summit 15,000 feet high and
towering- above the clouds will be kissed
by the declining sun. In the background
will be the rugged Olympic range and, if
it is a 'clear day Mount Baker's snowy
cap will also be in evidence. • .
'The .view from this point covers all that
could be seen, by 'hundreds of miles of
travel and presents the whole upper sound
and harbors and mountain ranges in one
comprehensive panorama. Dinner will be
served at Whitworth College or at \ the
Foster home. f i ¦ . ,
\Vith the return to the hotel and dinner
the sight-seeing is at an end. After dinner
the President will be asked ;¦ to decide,
¦ whether ho prefers .to, go to the^Audi
torit-m and -make a ten-minute address,
where he may be seen by the multitude, or
whether he will In lieu thereof receive .the
citizens of Tacoma at the hotel parlors
and shake hands with them. It is believed
he will accept the former alternative as
Auditorium or Hotel Parlors. . •
. If an address is made at the Auditori
um an effort will be' made to .have the
trustees fulfill their, pledges made at the
time subscriptions were received, and is
sue sneclal ' tickets of admission to con
tributors to the Auditorium fund. When
these' are received and the special ticket;
holders are seated the' general public win
be admitted. Members of the Cabinet
and others besides . the President will
speak. . " ¦ ¦¦
\ Dinner will be served at 7 p. m. ana the
Auditorium speechmaking or parlor re
ception will begrln at 8:30 p. m. j
At the conclusion of . either the party
will immediately go to the steamer Vic
torian,' where they will retire. ; \ .
Departure in Night Time. •'. ,
Between 10 and 11 P- m. ' the ' "Victorian'
will leave so \ as to arrive at Whatcom
promptly at 7 a.m. An hour will be spent
there and at 11 a. m. the Victorian > will
arrive at Port Townsend, where the Gov
ernment • works will be. inspected. : At .-1
p. m. the steamer will arrive at Everett,
where the Tacoma committee .will bid* the
party adieu. . After. - an inspection " of
Everett and its industries a train will be
in readiness to take the party to Seattle,
where It will arrive at 2-30 p. m. and leave
at 10 p. m.' by train for. Yakima, Walla
Walla, Spokane and Eastern Washington. :
¦•I The ¦ , executive committee that -,;, has
charge at the programme in Tacoma con
sists of Mayor Campbell, Judge Thomas
Carroll," J. T. Redman, president of the
Chamber of Commerce," Harry G. Foster,
T. V. Copeland of the Trades'. Council,
and"' Secretary J. S. Whitehouse of ? the
Chamber ¦ of Commerce. "\ . . ¦
-•The reception > committee -which will
accompany the Presidential party, on its
.tour • of . the city,; and . the Sound consists
of the .above executive committee '¦.•and 1
in: addition, Senator; Fostter, Representa
tive Cushman, S. A.' Perkins, Sheriff Hart
man, A.-F. s Albertson, B. S. Grosscun and
W. R. Rust:;: : / • . v ' i<
The ladies 'of, the party are to be spe
cially entertained by a committee of Mrs.
Addison G. | Foster, Mrs. Galusha Parsons,
Mrs. "Joshua 'Peirce, Mrs. . L.; D. < Campbell
arid Mrs.*- L. N.i Cushman. - • : "" : -
-.-¦ There ; will be ; three • press '* representav
tives with the party, including a spe
cial . representative ; •: of . '-. the
Press. 1 - These gentlemen will' probably >be
given -. a- more • extended drive '¦ about : > the
city , than ;the Presidential party /will re
ceive, rand will ; b© entertained : at ,the club
A resistless tide of buying orders was
poured into the stock market, at: the/open^
ing this morning, marklng-an: additional
stage in the progress of the speculative
craze which seems" to have seized upon
Prices Are Sws-pt Upward:
NEW -YORK. April.. 30.— After' a.
record-breaking day . In; the'/sale
of railroad stocks it Is- stated
that the control of the Uniqh;Pa-;
ciflc "Railway has undoubtedly
passed .in .the recent extraordinarily^ ac- : ,
live market for the shares. Even Union
Pacific interests to-day admitted that'the
buying, could be explained on ,no other
theory than that an effort had been made
to get control of the property. It was
declared that control had riot yet actually.*
passed, but it was admitted". that" .in the
next few days;it might be~<1eveloped that;
new interests had secured enough of : the,
shares to place thorn in - control of the
property. *¦¦ \ -.-'"¦ "^ : -
Wall street has held very generally r :to
the theory that the Union Pacific: has
been acquired by W: K. : Vanderbilt. :¦;.'•
the American people, and prices were
swept upward throughout the list. Prac
tically every important- ¦• railroad stock
"opened -wide"- i that is, the demand was
so large 'and the buying orders were in
the hands of, so many brokers that widely
different prices were mado simultaneous
ly for the same stock. The confusion and
excitement were'so great '.that 1 - the brokers
¦were-practlcally\oblivious of everything
but what was occurring; between the two
immediate .parties'. -to the transactions.;
: Thousand shayerbloeks deemed to be the
normal unit of : business and v they ran- up
from that to • 5000- and- 6000 share 'blocks.
ThS -first recorded .transaction In." United
States Steel, v which ' was. -practically
simultaneous withjthe fall of the chair
man's- gavel.- -vere of. "50.000 shares, -the
priceranglng- frpm'53 to 55. compared with
51%.lasf night. Sales of Union Pacific
were 30,000 shares: \ of United! States Steel
preferred, 23.000 shares;, of- Southern Pa
cific, . 12.000 / shares.'- and: of ; a. long list » of
railroad stocks from 1000 to 5000 shares.
; The - opening advances were from 1 to 2
'. points. •¦.¦.Atchison * showed exceptional
* strength .with a j gain of' Z%. - -..Northern Pa
.cific. Which made?sucn a^ buoyant' close
'last night, was' the victim" of an eager de-
VISALIA, April 30.— Arthur Crowley to
day finished taking the official census of
the school children of Visalia. According
to his figures there are 874 children be
tween the ages of 5 and 17 years. This 13
a gain of 65 over, last year.
Visalia's School Census.
VICTORIA, B. G, April 30.— The Indiana
wiio found the wreck of the three-masted
vessel on Queen Charlotte Island report
that traces of the camp of the ship
wrecked men, with embers of the fire ana
a blanket rigged up aslant as a tent, were
found. Tracks of the unfortunates from
the ship led northward, where there are
no people— not even' an Indian hamlet.
BAKERSFIELD, April 30.-W. D. Ham
num. recently arrested on a charge of em
bezzlement sworn to by the firm of Jewett
& Blodgett, to-day pleaded guilty and -was
sentenced to thirty days In the County
Jail. Hamnum formerly resided in San
Francisco. He came to this city highly
recommended by the Remington Type
writer Company. Aft;er being given em
ployment by M.-. Blodgett he betrayed the
confidence of his employer by embezzling
a small amount of money and wrongfully
using larger amounts given to him in ad
vance owing to the illness of his wife and
mother. Because they are dependent up
on him he was not vigorously prosecuted.
After learning his character the Reming
ton Company assisted in his arrest.
INDIANS FINT> CAMP
OF SHIPWEEOKED.' CREW
EMBEZZLER HAMHTTM
GETS OFF LIGHTLY
Sentenced to Thirty Bays' Imprison
ment in the Kern County
Jail, '
SAN RAFAEL, April 30.— The attention
of the Superior Court here to-day was
taken up by the right of way suit of San
itary District No. 1 vs. "Archbishop Rior
dan. The Sanitary District desires to
cross the Archbishop's land below Tamal
pais with a sewer, and his Grace refuses
to sell, alleging that the sewerage would
damage his property facing on Corte Ma
dera Creek. ' -
It 3 sentenced to Death.
LOS ANGELES, April 30.— Murderer E.
V. Methever. who on July 25, 1899, shot
and killed Dorothy- McKee, was resen
tenced in Judge Smith's department of
the Superior Court and left for San Quen
tin at 11:40 a. m. in charge of Deputy Sher
iff Smith. The date of his' execution was
not .announced. » _ .-. ..' ... -¦
Diablo, has been sold to a syndicate of
Montana and Eastern capitalist?. This
farm has a world wide reputation for the
breeding of trotters and other stock. Some
of the finest cattle in the United States
have been bred on this farm.
Twenty years ago Daniel Cook, the
former owner, purchased for 516,000 the
Kentucky bred stallion Steinway, which
has sired such notable animals as W. S.
"Wood, Diablo, Derby. Owyhee and about
thirty others. Steinway is still in good
health.
It is believed that Mr. Boyd, the retir
ing owner, will takesjjp his residence In
San Rafael, where he has a beautiful
Sues for Itignt of "Way.
Famous California Breeding Estab
. lishm:2nt Goes to New
Owners.
"WALNUT CREEK, April 30.— The Oak-.
wood Stock Farm, owned by John F.
Boyd, comprising 6000 acres near Mount
SYNDICATE PURCHASES
OAKWOOD STOCK FARM
- The dealings in the first hour were far
in excess of any single hour's business in
the history of the "New York' market; the
sales running up,. to over 1,000.000 shares.
For the second hour the total fell to near
half .a million, 'but left the^ two hours'
business 8tiH*a- record, with sales of 1,584,
600 shares. .. . ' - VV . -.' ¦
Prices 'fell 'back in "some cases by Wide
lapses and in. only a. few stocks was the
recession" by .slow degrees and under
a steady pressure. : There were equally
sudden '.rebounds and the whole market
fluctuated wildly .within a range of from
1 to 2'.points beiow the best.- In not a few
important stocks the* -relapse - carried
prices to below last night. But the belat
ed expectation ¦{ of the vast accumulation
of 'buying orders which brokers found it
impossible to get. in the early rush and
crush, served.as a strong sustaining force
and kept bringing prices up again. By the
end of the" first hour the greatest strength
in the market -began- to- shift to new
points, Union.: Pacific and the Grangers.
Trunk Lines and Pacifies generally reced
ing somewhat,- while the Southwesterns.
led by Texas ,. and Pacific and - Atchison,
began to assume great prominence in the
trading. > The large buying was commonly
believed 'to represent efforts to secure
control of some of the great. railroad sys
tems by a • brilliant stroke in the open
market. . ; •' . ".' • ' . • •
;sire to take profits on the' part of specu
,'lators who bought yesterday in a wild
: spirit of : recklessness. With- offerings of
4000 shares the 'highest price at the open
ing; was *117anfl ranged downward to 115,
compared with 119 for last night's close.
Heavy Single Hour's Business.
After this .violent congestion at the
opening; the continued on an
' enormous scale a.nd the price -movement
was violently erratic. Quotations were
in a state of flux, momentarily being up
and again melting away under the ebb
and flow -of the 'enormous demand and
.the heavy. realizing. , ;.;."; ''¦¦.¦'.
WIIiLIAM K..VANDERBILT, WHO
; IS SAID TO HAVE SECURED CON
TROJ^OF THE UNION PACIFIC.
Extraordinary Activity in the Purchase of Shares in the New^ York
Exchange Causes Belief in Wall Street That There Is Ground
for Sensational Repbrts Concerning-^0
Continued from First Page.
TRIUMPHAL TOUR THROUGH THE
STATES OF THE SUHHY SOUTH
REDDING, April" 30.— The Immense
smelting plant of the Mountain Copper
Company at Keswick is to be operated
wholly in the near future with electrical
power. General Manager Lewis T.
Wright of the mining company is said to
have signed with the president of Kes
v-ick Electric Power Company (H. H.
Xoble of San Francisco) for enough
power to conduct the entire plant. It Is
believed that 1500-horsepower will be ne
cessary, although no definite amount
is named in the agreement. The "K*»swick
Electric Power Company is" installing a
power plant on Mill Seat Creek, in the
Shlngletown region, about forty miles
southeast of Redding. With the machin
ery now being taken in 6000-horsepower
can be produced. Besides the Mountain
Copper Company it is hoped to supply
not only the other big mines of the coun
ty with electrical power and light, but
the cities of Redding. Red Bluff, Cotton
wood and Anderson as well.
fountain Copper Company Contracts
for Electricity. • '. ; ,'
SAX JOSE, April 30.— San Jose Is now in
a position to compete with other cities in
a manufacturing line, having almost an
unlimited supply of electrical power at
its command. This advantage was aug
mented last night, when the Standard
Klectricai Company sent a current of
60,000 volts over Its lines from Blue Lakes
to this city, a distance of 1S4 miles, beat
ing the world's record for long-distance
transmission of electricity. This feat,
which -was merely to test the wires, was
successful, and in a few days, power will
be supplied to. this city for manufacturing
purposes. —./">-¦ -
Shortly after 8 o'clock the current was
turned into the bay counties circuit at the
big power house on the Mokelumne Kiver,
in Amador County, and a moment later
lights in the stations at Oakland and here
responded to the magic current. The cur
rent was sent to Oakland and from there
to this city by way of Mission San Jose.
As soon as rights of way can be procured
and lines constructed the power will be
taken to San Francisco, thus making a
circuit of more than 235 miles. The next
best record to this in transmitting elec
tricity over a distance is in Southern Cali
fornia, where the power used at Redlands
is carried eighty-three miles.
The power of the Standard Electric
Company in this vicinity will be handled
by the Blectric Improvement Company.
At the latter's plant near the narrow
gauge railroad an immense sub-station
has been erected at a cost of JMW.000. In
ane room are three immense transform
ers, where the i_ressure is reduced .from
00,000 volts to 22,500 or 4000, as desired.
Some $70,000 has been expended on storage
batteries, which are capable of giving out
.several hundred horsepower for twenty
four hours if for any reason the current
should be shut oft". The Electric Improve
ment Company also has a 700-horsepower
engine, which will also be held in reserve
in case of accident.
The people of San Jose are highly elated
ever the turning on of the power, and It
is now believed several factories will be
located here, which,' owing- to lack of
power, have not come heretofore.
- •
POWER FOB SMELTING PLANT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONGEST POWER
L INE IN WORLD
Transmits Electricity to
San Jose From Ama
dor County.
Cable Soon to Be Continued
Around the Bay to San
Francisco.
citement was caused here yesterday when
it became imown that John F. HcDonell,
secretary of the Virginia Miners' Union,
had absconded. It is not known • how
much cf the union's money he has ap
propriated. The books are being exam
ined and the shortage so far amounts to
$1209. It is expected that it will amount,
into the thousands. McDonell had not
been located up to this afternoon, and it
is said he is making his way to Australia.
McDor-ell, before leaving town, com
pletely exonerated John L. Finnegan,
treasurer of the union, from all blame.
He said that himself alone had handled
the funds of the order for the last five
years and that he was responsible for the
entire shortage. He declared it was his
intention to. seek the aid of a wealthy
relative and get enough to make good the
deficiency. , ,.
The people of Virginia are very indig
nant and there are threats of a lynching
should McDonell be captured.
Sneclal Dispatch to The Call.
VIRGINIA CITY. April 20.— Great ex-
Mountaineers Talk of a Lynch
ing Should the-Fugitive
Be Captured.
Secretary McDonell of
Virginia City Union -
Absconds.
STEALS FUND5
OF THE MINERS
COLORADO SPRINGS, April 30.— Mrs.
Nora Greenfield, "the woman hack
driver," recently became the wife of Po
liceman Jaimes, thinking her husband had
'died. She has just received word that he
is alive and^ well In Los Angeles. Cal. Ha
Is 'inot a broken-hearted Enoch Arden.
however, for he has made no visit to hi.s
wife. Greenfield, says his wife, deserted
her about a year ago, taking all her
money and jewelry and taking with him
a woman barber. ¦ Six months after his
disappearance, she says, she received
word that he had died in New York. The
supposed dead man's clothes which he
wore when he absconded were sent here,
together with a formal note of his death.
A short time after Mrs. Greenfield was
married to the policeman Greenfield was
seen alive in New Yoik by a business man
of this- city.
The filing of an affidavit in the District
Court brings to light the fact that Green
field is thought to be living in Los Ange
les at present. The aQdavit declares that
a summons, has been mailed to him in
Los Angeles in a civil suit to recover hev
property. The police profess to know hi3
address. It is related that Greenfield waj
a consumptive and unable to work and
she supported the family by driving, a
hack.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After, Marrying a Policeman
She Discovers Her First
Husband Is Alive.
Serious Predicament of
"The Woman Hack
driver." •
FEMALE JEHU
IS A BIGAMIST
CAPS TOWN, April 30.— Sir. Gordon
Sprigg. Premier of Cape Colony, reports
that eleven members of the Western Pro
vince Rifles were attacked b7 ninety
Boere, near Brandvlel. Two were killed,
('three wounded and the remainder cap
| tured. Boers ; in the neighborhood of
Kenhardt district of Cape Colony are
actively engaged in removing supplies to -v
various laagers.
Commandant Malan, after a skirmish
with Colonel Henniker's Victorians, in
which the burghers a-re said to have suf
fered somewhat, retreated with the pur
pose of joining Scheeper's commando in
West Cradock. They were driven back,
however, by the Cape Mounted Riflemen
into Waterkloof. The British casualties
were one killed and one wounded.
! Commandant Kritzinger's commando 13
being very closely followed by the Brit
ish. The main body, estimated at SCO,
was engaged by Colonel Crewe's column,
near Gelegenfontein, and is being driven
toward Orange River. ."•
Boer raiding and looting parties are re
ported in the Richmond. Murraysbur;
i and Middelburg. Cape Colcny districts.
Boer iri3oners now number I».9o3.
Seven fresh cases of bubonic plagu«
have been discovered here to-day and
five Europeans and two colored persons
died to-day from the disease.
Pursuing Columns Are Driv
ing Republican Raiders
Toward Orange River.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Party of British Rifle
men Attacked and
Captured. .
BOERS ARE BOLD
IN CAPE COLONY
WILL IAM K. VANDERBILT'S REPORTED
CONTROL OF UNION PACIFIC STOCK
THE SAN FBAKCISCO -,OM.Ii, WJfll)JNJESlJAY, MAT 1, 1901.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are 2400
Disorders incident to the htnnan frame,
of which a majority are caused or pro-
moted by impure blood.
The remedy is simple.
Take Hood's Sarsaparilla.
That this medicine radically and effec-
tively purifies the blood is known to .
every druggist, known to hundreds of
thousands of people who themselves or
by their friends have experienced "its
curative powers. . •
The 'worst cases of scrofula, the most
agonmhg sufferings from salt rheum
and other virulent blood diseases, arc
conquered by it, while those cured of
bolls, pimples, dyspeptic and bilious
symptoms and that tired -feeling . ar»
numbered by 'millions.
Hoods Sarsapanlla
WHTdo you good. Begin to take it to-
DRJEYERSUO, jg|ii&
Specialists. D!a- j j^Sa? .
ease- and Weakness ' 3S&
of men. Estab- Yf&ti "££&tf53tt\.
lished 1SS1. Consul- Vi*# XB£*lSl^
tation and prtvatet \^|J> \ • e ¦ VI
book free, at office nl(w..l
or by mail. Cures «^vJkBc2sS*
guaranteed. 7J>1
Market street (ele- l^'^atlMrflf
v a t o r entrance). .A V JReSEmC ' -
San Francisco. .^iasBx«<SLj^nrtS'^tft
RPTTQW17Q r0R BARBERS. BAK-
DllUDAJuD"*. bootblacks. ; batal
. houses, . bllllaxd J tables.
brewers, bookbinders. ' candy-maker*, canners.
dyers, flourmilla, • foundries, ' laundries." paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factorial, § ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, eta.
BUCHANAN BROS."
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento SJCONFESSES THE McGLINCY MURDERS.
STATE OF KANSAS, HARVEY. COUNTY.
EF. GREINER, being- first duly sworn, deposes
"and says that C. F. Crill, not being under ar
rest, in confidence made , the following state
ment, voluntarily and not under duress, to wit:
J That he, C. F. Crill, at Santa Clara County,
California, did kill the McGlincys, and that
after so killing them fled to Mexico, and, being able to
speak Spanish, was therefore safe in Mexico. He said if he
should ever be arrested for killing- the McGlincys he
would kill himself, if he had the opportunity, either by :
taking "dope," as he carried poison with him, or by
throwing himself under a moving train, or he would grab a /
revolver from the officer, as he knew it would be all up
with him if they got him out to California. And further
the deponent sayeth not.
(Signed) E. F. GREINER.
Subscribed before C. H. • Hoag, Notary Public.
Dated April 13, 1901.
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to date as compared
Trlth tbose of same date lost season, wltli the rainfall in last 24
honrsi ¦
WEATHER BUREAU'S RECORD OF RAINFALL.
'.Writing tablets,'. papeteries and ream pa
persJ Prices alK right. " The latest - tints*
and shapes 'just: received/ .Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. ' ¦%-• —
Kings City, .25; Soledad. .39; Salinas, .31; Caa
trovllle, .32; Monterey. .40; Santa Cruz, .61:
Aptos. .77; Watsonvllle, .83; Pajaro, .52; Hollls
ter, .43; San Jose, .10.
Western Division— Merced, .20; Turlock, .60;
Modesto, .17; Napa, .22; Santa Rosa, .61; lone,
.74; Stockton. .50; Suisun. .63; Xilee, .33; Va
caville. .22.
Sacramento Division — The rainfall along the
slope of the mountains at Colfax, Gold Run,
Alta and Blue Canyon ranged from two to four
Inches. The country about Lincoln, Wheat
land. Marysville and Biggs received a half Inch
of rain in addition to that noted in yesterday's
Call. Knigiits Landing, .Willows and Orland
sot R fair quota of showers. Heavy snowfall
is reported in mountains at Summit, Cascade
and Cisco.
Ran Joaquin Division— Fresno, .35; Klngs
burgr, .83; Traver. 1.15; Goehen. .82: Tulare,
.90: Hanford, .50; Porterville, 1.73; San Fer
nando, .72; Newhall, .7*.
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. April 30.— The gentle
rain, which commenced to fall last right,
continued at intervals throughout^ the
day, and at 5 o'clock p. m. registered .60
of an Inch. The local Weather Bureau
officials predict a continuance of the rain
to-night - and possibly to-morrow. ¦ The
precipitation at this time will do a great
deal of good, although considerable hay
now down will suffer if the cloudy weath
er continues more than a couple of days.
Almost all- other crops will be greatly
benefited by water now and all kinds of
fruit, now leafing out, show the benefit
already. Beets will be greatly aided and
all vegetables will take a new start. If
any considerable • precipitation : be . re
corded, whicii appears likely, new pastur
age will etart up and the country will
again become green.
SACRAMENTO, April 30.— The weather
was 3howery here to-day. During the
present storm Sacramento has had 1.82
inches of rain, making: 19.32 inches for, the
season, against 17.36 inches to an ¦ equal
date last season. The storm will do an
immense amount of good to the hay and
grain. There will be slight damage to
some alfalfa hay, which has been cut.
Cherries .will not be hurt to any serious
extent.' Berry, picking will be put back
for a few days. The storm was general
throughout the Sacramento Valley and
the foothills. During the twenty-four
hours ending at 7 o'clock this morning the
fall of rain at Placerville amounted, to 2.40
inches. At Delta, at the head of the val
ley, the fall was 1.50 inches. In the moun
tains, along the line of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, there was a heavy fall of
snow. Summit had 16 Inches, Cisco 13 and
Emigrant Gap 10. The weather is still
cloudy./ '
San Joaquin.
STOCKTON, April 30.— The storm con- j
Unues in the form of intermittent show
ers, and the feeling of encouragement
among the farmers is growing. The hope
now is that the weather will turn off cool
for'a few days to prevent rust. * in the
summer fallowed lands the L .. grain crop
will be large, while the average of.three
fourths crop will be maintained through
out the" county. The- acreage is smaller
this year than last year on account of the
total destruction of some of. the wheat
crops through being washed out by high
water. The island lands will give a big
yield, and some of the unwatered over
flowed lands will be planted to a late crop
of barley. » ;
Monterey.
MONTEREY. April 3O.-Anqther; fine
rain visited this section last night '. and
to-day, . about an " inch*- falling .during the
past twenty-four hours. The weather is
still threatening. .'
SAN, LUCAS,. April 30.— Thousands of
acres of growing grain which a'week ago
I "" I I 1 'I V ill Ml I Bill It Hi Ml IMiI'MWHBRgiraPffiftlOTTm irti
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
¦ OF . THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON,: April 30.— Postofflce or
ders announce the following: Postmaster
commissioned — Oregon — Josephine Pagett,
Pedee. Appointed — California — H. J. Seu
fert, Bay ha, Shasta County; vice C. F.
Rehwald, resigned. : . .\
Major Louis A. Craig, Fifteenth Cav
alry, is detailed as a member of the ex
amining board at the Presidio, San-Fran
cisco, vice • Captain John , Pitcher, First
Cavalry, relieved.
These pensions were issued to-day: Cal
ifornia — Additional — Robert I Harmeson,
Healdsburg, , $10.' * Increase — David _ Stah
ley, Qulncy," $10. Original widows — Julia
Ward, San Jose, $8; Flora E. Young, Coz
zens, $8. War with Spain—Original—Ed
ward Johnson, San • Francisco, $17. '
Washington— Original— Charles E. ' Lam
bert,-Tacoma,' $8. .Original widow— Anna
-Wuestney, Puyallup, $».'•-;- ¦ . ¦
Patents issued to-day as follows: Sam
uel H. Anderson, Pasadena, electric arc
lamp; Henry. 'Wayres, Los Angeles, tie
holder for collars ; G-abriel A. Bobrlck,
Los Angeles, receptacle for ' containing
liquid air or other, gases; O. K. Cleave
land, America,, gate; Hersey. A. Clifford,
San Francisco, photographic plate or film
holder ; ¦. Joseph T. Edwards, Weaverville.
reflector: . Samuel -^Haigh, assignor to
Alaska -PackersJ Association, San Fran
cisco, fish dressing machine ; Adam Heb
erer, Alameda; pipe. wrench; John Jorgen-
Eon, assignor one-half to A~ Quadt, San
Francisco, garment : supporter ; Marcus S.
I>eve, • Fruitvale, assignor to W.* G. Dodd,
San -Francisco,- drive mechanism . for < ore
concentrators;, Augustus C. Massey, as
signor one-half to M. M. ; Macdonald, Los
Angeles, • axle for railway cars - or . other
vehicles; Adolph- Ii.*'Schaar, San' Fran
cisco, -stamp affixing machine; Adolph H.*
Schlueter,; Oakland, convertible baby car
riage and go-cart; John P.' Simmons, San
Francisco, valved piston; Henry G. Tas
sel, San .Franciscq, vaporizing, device for
explosive engines; Jacob E.Waldeck, Los
Angeles, ticket or package case.
• Oregon— Corwin C. - Cofflnberry, Union,
mowing machine : William H. : Morehouse,
Waco, staple;, Beverly * D.- and F. -.. M.
Tharp, rotary weed cutter and cultivator;
Thomas''.Thorp,. : assignor ¦> one-fourth . to
W. A. .Buchanan, Corvallis,« steeper.
Washington— Harrison A: Denny, Rear
don, "-seed drill; George ; H..Hitchings and
P.-. L. Lachappelle, ; Hoqulam,- timber hook.
was taking on an ominous yellow tint has
resumed that healthy 'color that assures
a bountiful harvest. Already .85 of an
inch of rain has fallen and the storm con
tinues.
San Mateo.
REDWOOD CITY, April 80.— Redwood
City and vicinity received a thorough
drenching last night and this morning,
1.61 inches of rain falling during/the
storm. The rain came In good season, as
the crops were beginning to suffer for
want of water. .The heavy winds pre
vailing of late had completely dried out
the ground. ¦ ',
Nevada.
GRASS VALLET^ April 30.— Tha rain
fall in the past twenty-four hours
amounts to 4.10 inches In this locality. In
the mountains above here snow, fell to a
depth of several inches and extends down
the foothills to withln^twelve miles of
town. At Mountain House, on the Downie
ville road, the enow is five Inches deep.
Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE, April 30.— The storm con
tinues, the fall for the past twenty- four
hours amounting to .32 inches; . for the
storm, 2.12 inches; for the season, 23.80
inches. Grain will be vastly benefited, so
that a good crop is now assured. Reports
from tha orchards are all favorable.
San Diego.
WOODLANp, April 30.— The , weather
has been showery and. cool to-day.^The
prospects for good crops have been. vastly
Improved- . during the last . forty-eight
hours. The only danger to be apprehend
ed is warm -weather, which might scald
late wheat and rust the summer fallow.
;- SAN DIEGO, ¦ April 30.— Local conditions
indicate that the rainfall for this -season
is over. .This means that the ' hay . and
grain ; crops : in this ' county will - not be
more than 10 per cent increase over last
season. ¦ . ,
Rain Banefits Livermore. , ,
LIVERMORE, April 30.— The valley has
been drenched with rain, the fall up. to
this morning having been- an inch and a
half. , Late sown * grain and the . vineyards
are inestimably, benefited.
Calaveras.
¦ MILTON, April 3O.-Rain^ has been ; fall
ing ; at' intervals since" Sunday, night and
all indications point 'to -a continuation 1 ' of
the storm. The ground is being thorough
ly soaked. .\ — ¦- ,-. '-.-: •.¦.•'-;¦
Amador.
JACKSON, April ' 30.— Two Inches • : of
Sonoma.
rain has fallen during: the present storm.
The total for the season is 31.50 . inches.
SANTA ROSA', April 30.— Three Inches
of rain has fallen during the present
storm. -
i .i »^ VERY county of the State from
"Slskiyou to San Diego and from
*"" "^ the Sierras to the sea" has re
_^^ ceived copious showers of rain
since last Sunday noon. Along
the crest of the Sierras there has been
quite a lodgment of fresh snow, which
•will tend to replenish the streams of the
valleys in the summer season.
The rains, extending over a vast area,
embracing the San Joaquin, Sacramento.
Fonoaia, Napa and Salinas valleys and
the regions north of the Russian River
and south of the Tehachapi Range, will
prove beneficial beyond calculation. The
yield of beets for sugar will be Increased
over previous estimates by thousands and
thousands of tons. Barley and wheat
products will be multiplied.
The most gratifying intelligence regard
ing the benefits of the general rain was
received yesterday at the offices of the
Southern Pacific Railroad. The amplitude
of the rainfall causes special rejoicing.
April showers were hoped for to help
along the pasture and give the grain fresh
impulse, but a soaking rain of forty-eight
hours was a greater blessing than was
expected. It is admitted that the hay al
ready cut will be slightly damaged, but
the damage in this respect will prove a
mere trifle in comparison with the large
measure of benefit which must accrue. to
the cTowins: crops.
Le.st week, when the wind, driving: In
the fog from the ocean, was blowing, with
summer velocity, the calamity prophets
t-iiid: "We will have no. more rain this
season. The trade winds have set in to
kluv." The rain began with mist, which
developed into a. steady fall of perceptible
drops of water, and culminated in copious
phowers, which extended from the ocean
to the mountains in th^ northern part of
the State and then ranged southward.
The counties of Ventura, Santa. Barbara,
Ban Luis Obispo, Monterey, San Benito
F.nd Santa Cruz, where the moisture was
needed "moft. received a generous allow
ance from the clouds.
In the Uj>oer Sacramento Valley the
earth was dry. the grass dying and the
grain languishing when the rain came.
To the counties of Glenn, Yolo, Colusa,
Yuba, Sutter, Tehama, Shasta and Butte
the .abundant showers were specially ac
ceptable. Everything that grows . in the
Erowid, along the ground or above the
ground has derived a measure of benefit
frcm the moisture laden atmosphere. It
is the talk now that the farmers will be
crying; "too much rain" before the clouds
roil by.
The rainfall for twenty-four hours end
ed at 8 a. m. yesterday is indicated in re
ports received by the Southern Pacific
from the following places, the reports not
embracing the rainfall for the storm pre
vlcus to those twenty-four hours:
Coast Division— Surf, 1.43 Inches; Lompoc.
a.60; San Duis Obispo. LCI; Santa Margarita, ¦ 3
Ischea; Templeton, 1.50; Paso Kobles, 1.40;
EVERY COUNTY THROUGHOUT THE STATE GETS ITS SHARE OF RAIN
the Philippines; Frank Gray, a newspaper
reporter at Pueblo, and Sheriff Moses of
Cripple Creek, but now believed to be in
Kansas. ' •
Crill says his two front- teeth were
knocked out In a fight about three weeks
ago at Wichita. "This man Greiner, who
has played the part of detective m my
arrest, got into a fight- and I went to his
help and had my teeth knocked out."
This part is confirmed by Greiner. >-, ";-:.
Sheriff Langford Confident.
Sheriff Langford Is confident Crill is no
other than i Dunham. ¦ He points to the
tallying descriptions and to the confession
made to E. C. Greiner.
"Crill proved a' willing prisoner," said
Langford. "When we searched ' him he
had a bottle of morphine in his posses
sion, which goes to show he was prepared
to carry out the threat made in his con
fession to Greiner.
"Besides his hair end mustache were
dyed. Therfe was nothing to do but to
bring him back. Others say he is a double
Jim Dunham, but I think I have the right
man. Anyhow, if he is innocent he can
prove his identity. Crill is a hard drinker
and this accounts for some little change
from the description of Dunham."
that he was ashamed of, except to drink
and dissipate. According to Crill he was
married to Dora Schreiber in Cripple
Creek about the year 1887, and has .one
child — a boy 10 or 11 years old. As proof
of this he exhibits a letter from the child
addressed to "Dear Papa" and signed
"Joseph F. Crill." The letter is dated
April 6, and, after mentioning his Christ
mas gifts, the child describes the poor
financial condition of his mother.
' v. Has a "Wife in Colorado.
This letter is all the documentary evi
dence that Crill offers as to his identity.
Crill says his wife resides in Cripple
Creek, at 223 North Second street. For
the past three years, he says, he has
been organizing magazine clubs through
out the country, but he gives no definite
knowledge of his whereabouts since the
commission of the Dunham munlors. i He
was in New Mexico and Mexico, and
claims to have received the scar on the
Dack of his head in a fight In New Mex
ico with Mexicans, south of Trinidad.
As references as to his identity he gives
the names of Will Lang, a printer and
lithographer of Pueblo; a man named Mc-
Coy, who was formerly clerk of court
at Pueblo, who is now believed to be in
¦ E. C. Greiner, who furnished the in
formation on which the arrest was made,
served a number of years as Marshal of
Burlington, Iowa. He accompanied .Sher
iff Langford and will put in a claim for*
the $10,000 reward. He said to-night:
Will Claim the Reward.
"A couple of years ago I arrested a
Dunham suspect at Burlington. His de
scription tallied well with the circulars
and I thought I had the right man. A
young fellow named Parr, who resided at
Campbell and knew Dunham, was in the
East, at the time, and the Sheriff of
Santa Clara County had Parr called in
to see him at the jail.
"The man was. not Dunham, but from
Parr 1 gained the most minute details and
description of the murderer, and when my
term expired I resolved to try to find Dun-,
ham. As to whether he is the man I will
leave that to you folks to judge and iden
tify him."
, Descriptions Tally Perfectly.
The following descriptions of Dunham
and Crill show how nearly, identical are
their features: .
Inscription of J. C. Dunham:- Height, 5 feet
JAMES C. DUNHAM, THE SEXTUPLE MURDERER OF THE McGLINCY FAMILY, WHO, AFTER , ELUDING THE
LAW'S SLEUTHS FOR SIX YEARS, IS BELIEVED TO BE NOW A PRISONER IN THE SANTA CLARA COUN
TY JAIL. f-VvJTsf; T&-' : ~:.'.
Crill's Damaging 1 Confession.
SAN JOSE. April SO.-James C.
Dunham, the sextuple murderer of
Campbell, or his double, is in the
County Jail. So evenly are the
people who saw the man in cus
tody divided that the matter of identifi
cation will have to go before a jury. Sher
iff Langford and Deputy Sheriff Bache.
who brought the man back from Wich
ita, Kans.. are certain he is the man. So
is H. L. MJller, the stationer of this city,
who Is positive in his Identification. E. F.
Grelner, former marshal of Burlington.
Iowa, who return*! with the Sheriff, and
who supplied the information leading to
the arrest, declares C. F. Crill, the sus
pect, confessed to him that he was the
murderer of the McGlincys. He has made
an affidavit to this effect.
Others who have known Dunham are
not so positive, and some assert that,
while Cill so nearly resembles Dunham
that the" might be twins, the wrong man
is under arrest. Among the latter, are
Bvron Cottle and W. E. Dent, who knew
the murderer personally, and Joseph
Guinane, who attended Santa Clara Col
lege with Dunham just previous to the
James Dunham and C. F. Crill, the sus
pect, are as alike as two peas in a pod.
Height, weight, complexion and scars
tally. If Crill is not Dunham he will have
a hard time proving an alibi.
Crlll* tells a well-connected story from
the time of his leaving home up to June
of 1£S4 Of eventa following that date he
gives his interrogators little satisfaction.
If the facts are true as set forth m nis
confession to E. F. Greiner the right man
has been arrested and the people of this
county will be called upon to pay the
$10,000 reward offered for his capture, dead
° For five years Dunham has been hunted
like a wild animal. Circulars have been
rent broadcast and suspects arrested in a
dozen places. Not once has the hunt
ceased. About two weeks ago Sheriff
Langford received a letter from J. C.
Greiner of Burlington, Iowa, saying that
bl« brother, E. C. Greiner, formerly Mar
shal of Burlington, had Dunham under
surveillance at Wichita. Kans.. and ask
ing for instructions. The Sheriff at once
.-vimmunicated with E. C. Greiner at
HuLchir.son. Kans., and asked him to send
a full description and a photograph of the
man. Greiner wired back:
"He has confided all to me— your man
Longford was told to- come at once and
he could get the man. Two weeks ago
tc-night Sheriff Lanpford. accompanied
bv Deputy Sheriff Bache, went to Sacra
mento and got extradition papers and
started for Hutchinson. Kana. Greiner
was met there, and as soon as he and
the Sheriff had conferred Langford at
crce decided to arrest Grill. The Gover
nor's office was visited in Topeka and the
warrant obtained. Langford then went
to Wichita to arrest the suspect, but Crill
was in the country.
• Imprisoned in a Room.
That night Crill returned to Wichita
*>nd was picked up on th<? street. Sheriff
Langford and Deputy Bache spirited their
man away to Newton, thirty miles from
Wichita, where they kept him a prisoner
in a room from Thursday morning to Sat
urday night. Crill waived the reading of
the extradition papers and agreed to ac
company Sheriff Langford to this State.
He stipulated that if he was not the right
man he should get his expenses and a re
turn ticket. - '.
On Saturday night a start was made for
California from Newton. No trouble was
experienced on the way, but not for a mo
ment was Crill out of the sight of either
Langford of Bache, The party arrived
here at 8:30 o'clock to-night. .
Crill was at once taken to the County
Jail. People who knew Dunham were
called in to identify him. In a short time
the bui'dins was full of people. H. L.
Miller, •who perhaps knew Dunham bet
ter than any other man, was positive the
right man had been arrested. Deputy
Sheriff Marcene was also positive it was
Dunham. Deputy Sheriff Bache had been
intimately acquainted with Dunham, and
he declared they had brought the right
man back. "J
Sustwct Tells His Story.
Crill put on a bold front and, while he
was evidently nervous, he hid his feel
ings admirably. .He stood in various po
sitions, got down and turned around
so the light would shine upon . him for
those who came to identify him.
Surrounded by a group of newspaper
men Crill, or Dunham, talked freely. He
denied point blank that he was Dunham
or had ever been in California before. He
said: - ... '¦ -v.fr
"I am not James C. Dunham, the mur
derer. I was never here and never left
here to avoid arrest. In 1S96, at the time
of the Dunham murders, I. was in Lead
ville, Colorado. I fixed the date by the
great Leadi-ille strike.' which, "- 1 think,
started on June 14, 1S96. For two years
from that time I was either in Pueblo or
Cripple Creek.
"Do you suppose if I were Dunham that
I would have come back here - with the
Sheriff without making a legal fight? Not
much! If I had committed the crime I
would have been afraid to come — would
fear I might be lynched by the people.
No. sir; I am not Dunham, and will have
little trouble in proving my identity.
Has Been a Wanderer.
"I was born m Rome, N. Y., in 1860. My
father and mother are both dead. I. have
a brother, E. J. Crill, who is now some
where in Arkansas. Owing to trouble in
settling my father's estate, of which I
received nothing, we do not correspond.
At the ago of IS I left home at Rome,
N. Y-, and went to live with an uncle at
Flag Station, Illinois. My uncle's name
is David R. Crill. I do not know whether
he is dead or alive. I stayed there that
winter and then went to Rockford, Illi
nois. . -- ".'-:
"I worked there several* years for J. A.
Shondy & Sons, soap- manufacturers, and
then went back to New York, stayed
there a short time and came West. I do
not know just where I ha\ r e been. I was
in Colorado for ten or twelve years. Plave
not seen one of my relatives in all those
years, except a cousin, Howard Crill,
whom 1 saw in Salt Laake several years
ago. My relatives were all cattle and
horse men, and as I disliked farming I cut
loose from them. My cousin has a cattle
ranch in Iowa."
Crill said he had never done anything
cess to force it open. Not succeeding, ha
called, "Come out, Mac. Come out, I want
to see you." The"re was no reply. He
called again, "Come out, Mac, I am bound
to have you anyhow. Conrse out. Bob"
(meaning Brisco, who had been asleep in
the shanty) "I want; you, too. And you,
too, Schaible."
McGlincy responded: "I ¦won't come
out, I have two bullet hole3 in me now."
The murderer fired twice through the
door, one shot taking effect on Colonel
McGlincy.
In the meantime Robert Briscoe jumped
through the rear window and started to
run away along the fence. Dunham
heard him and was at once after him. He
fired two shots, both going through hi3
body," and Briscoe fell dead.
The attention of the murderer being,
thus diverted for the moment. Colonel
McGlincy opened the door of the shanty,
and seeing the coast apparently clear,
started as fast as he could for his own
house, but before he had gone twenty
paces he fell shot through the heart by
the ' murderer, who having finished Bris
coe, returned to his elder victim-
Schaible Has Close Call.
Dunham then turned his attention to
Schaible, who had retreated to the upper
part of the barn and hidden himself in
the hay. Dunham approached the door,
calling "George, where are you?" Thi3
call he repeated many times and receiv
ing no answer passed Into the barn,
climbed the ladder and as he £tood on the
toi> round with his head above the level
of the floor, struck a match and by its
light peered around for another victim.
Not seeing him, however, he descended
and taking out a horse without a saddle,
mounted and rode to the house.
In the interval between the killing of
the three women and the return of the
men to the house, Dunham had occupied
himself in getting together some of his
small personal effects and probably what
money was in the house. These, with hi3
letters and every photograph of himself
about the place, he made into a bundle
and laid aside till he was ready to depart.
Securing this bundle he again mounted
his horse, rode back and forth along the
road several times and then disappeared.
These latter movements were seen by a
neighbor, L. C. Ross, who. aroused by
the shots that had been fired, came over
toward the McGlincy place. When Dun
ham rode away Ross cautiously ap
proached the barn and, being joined by
Schaible. they both entered the house,
where the full horror of the fiend's work
burst upon them. The four persons In
side were found dead, as described.
Many Suspects Are Arrested. .'".
Ross and Schaible rode at once toCampi-.
bell and gave the alarm. Within a short
time mounted posses were scouring the
country In every direction. Every Sher
iff and Constable in all the counties
around had been notified of the deeds that
had been done and furnished with a full
description of the murderer, but from that
day. though frequent reports have c^me
from every part of the CQuntry of th" ar
rest of a Dunham suspect, he successfully
eluded all the vigilance of the officers and
the detectives until the present time.
At the time of the sextuple murder Dun
ham was about 30 years old and had been
married two years to the daughter of
Mrs. McGlincy by a former husband. He
was idle and apparently without purpose
in life and lived on the McGlincys, do
ins: little in return for his keeping.
The previous February he had entered
Santa Clara College with the avowed in
tention of taking a full classical course.
For a time he applied himself with some
diligence, but soon fell back into indiffer
ence in his studies and irregularity in at
tendance. He was a man of very morose
and disagreeable disposition and by some
was thoueht to be deranged. The nurse
who attended his wife at the birth of their
child described him as being "the meanest
man that ever lived — too mean to be
crazy " Dunham's baby boy. the survivor
of that awful night, is living in Santa
Clara County with relatives of Colonel
McGlincy.
11% inches; weight, 160 or 170 pounds; age, 32;
dork hair and mustache; blue eyes; complex
ion medium; wears No. 9 shoe; .one eyelid
drooped ;. sharp features; scar on right cord on
back of neck, halfmoon shape; one tooth in
front of eyetooth filled; hair and mustache a
little gray; associates with reputable people;
may drink and gamble; speaks Spanish;
American; a good shot: picture 1SS9 shows he
parted hair on right.
Description , of Charles Franklin Crill —
Height, 5 feet 11% inches; claims to be 40
years old: complexion medium; weight 180
pounds; hair dark, a little gray above the
eyes; mustache and hair dark, both dyed
when arrested; ¦wears No. 9 shoe; scar on cord
on back of 'neck: thumbs peculiar.- short and
stubby from first Joint; two front teeth out.
one in front of right eyetooth; large hands and
wrists; athletic build; eyes blue; parts hair on
right side; speaks Spanish: right eyelid droops;
hose been broken: chin, neck and lips same. as
in Dunham's pictures; has been drinking very
hard. . £?'•*¦.-¦¦
DTTNHAH'S TERRIBLE DEEDS.
His Fury.
How Six Persons Became Victims of
In. the last hours of the 26th and the
early morning of May 27, 1S96, on the Mc-
Glincy ranch near Campbell, Santa
Clara County, James Dunham committed:
deeds unparalleled in the annals of crime
in California. -
Six persons fell victims to his insatiable
thirst , for, blood, among whom were his
wifei mother of his lately born babe; Mrs.
McGlincy, mother of his wife, and her
husband, Colonel R, P. McGlincy; her
son, James K. Wells; Minnie Shessler, a
servant kvc\, and Robert Brisco, a hired
man en the place.
The first of the murders is supposed to
have been committed about 10 o'clock at
night. The murderer' had made full prep
arations for his bloody work. The actual
happenings were learned from an inspec
tion of the premises after the discovery
of the deed. His wife was the iirst vic
tim. Approaching the bed, where she lay
with her babe at her side, he strangled;
her with his hands, forced the bed clothes
into her^mouth to stifle her cries and
twisted her head till he broke her neck.
Minnie Shessler, in .the next room,
alarmed by the. noise, partly dressed and
opened the door of 'Mrs. Dunham's room.
As she stepped across the threshold she
was struck to the floor by a crushing blow
on the head from the pole of an ax. The
blows were repeated with the edge and
back of the weapon until her head was a
shapeless mass.
The murderer then descended to the
room below, where ' Mrs. McGlincy,
alarmed by the unwonted noise above,
was preparing to arise and investigate
the cause. She was struck down with a
blow in the head from the murderer's ax,
and repeated blows followed till her head,
too, was crushed out of shape. Then came
an interval of two hours of brooding and
waiting in the presence of his victims, for
his work was not yet completed.
Pursued by the Assassin.
Colonel McGlincy,' with his stepson,
James "Wells, and a hired man, George
Schaible, had left the premises early in
the evening for the purpose of attending
a meeting of the American Protective As
sociation. They were due to return short
ly after 12 o'clock. About that hour they
approached th-3 house. In passing the
barn Colonel McGlincy said to Schaible.
"Open those doors, it is too hot' in there,
and throw down some hay to the horses."
That order saved George Schaible's life.
Colonel McGlincy, with James Wells fol
lowing close behind, stepped upon the
porch and- with 'his latch key opened the
door to pass into the house. As he moved
across the threshold into the dark hall
he was struck a terrific blow., on the side
of the head with the pole of the ax. and
went to the floor stunned, but not en
tirely unconscious.
Wells, probably not for an instant divin
ing the identity of the assailant of his
stepfather, bravely closed in and grappled
with him. Broken and overturned furni
ture, scattered through two rooms, told
the story of the fearful but vain struggle
which the young man "made for his life.
His body was iound at the far end of the
¦second room with five bullet holes through
it, the last one evidently killing him.
Colonel McGlincy soon recovered . him
self, sprang to his feet and, running
through the house as the last shot was
being fired at his stepson, sprang out of
the window, and ran toward the barn, or
rather toward a shanty where fie hired
men slept, which stood near the barn.
Dunham heard 'him and was sojn at his
heels. McGlincy reached the shanty first
and, getting inside, closed and oarred the
door. '¦' '-..••• ,
Dunham approached the door of the
shanty, pistol in hand, tried it and, finding
it fastened within, attempted without suc-
" George Schaible having done his work at
the barn, was about to start for the
shanty when McGlincy appeared running
from the house with Dunham in pursuit,
firing as he ran. Being entirely unarmed.
Schaible drew back within the darkness of
-the interior and watched what f ollowed.
Murder of Colonel McGlincy.
Sheriff Langford and Deputy Bache Return From Kansas With a Captive Who Is Alleged to Have Con
fessed That He Exterminated "the McGlincy Family—In Every \ Detail the Suspect's Appearance"
Tallies With the .Description of the Campbell Fugitive, and Officers Are Confident He Is the Man
MURDERER DUNHAM OR HIS DOUBLE
IS A PRISONER IN SAN JOSE JAIL
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,, MAY 1, 1901.
Sacramento.
Yolo.
3
STATIONS.
LaHt
24 Hours.
This
Season.
Last i
Season.
Eureka .......................
Red Bluff
Sacramento .............. '. . . . .
San Francisco ................
Fresno .......................
Independence
San Lai* Oblspo ........... ..^ •
I. on Angreles
San Dtesro ....................
.02
.02
.10
.OX
.12
Trace.
.14
.00
.oo
45.03
24.21
19.42
ao.48
10.82
5.81
30. 36
14. 77
1O.GO |
47.05
21 . TO
17.36
* 18. 1O
8.3O
3.43
15.82
O.1O
4.44
STATIONS.
LaHt
24 Hours.
This
Season.
Last i
Season.
Eureka .......................
Red Bluff
Sacramento .............. '. . . . .
San Francisco ................
Fresno .......................
Independence
San Lai* Oblspo ........... ..^ •
I. on Angreles
San Dtesro ....................
.02
.02
.10
.OX
.12
Trace.
.14
.00
.oo
45.03
24.21
19.42
ao.48
10.82
5.81
30. 36
14. 77
1O.GO |
47.05
21 . TO
17.36
* 18. 1O
8.3O
3.43
15.82
O.1O
4.44
Fill a bottle or common glass with yowr
water and let It stand twenty-four hours;
a sediment or settling indicates an un-
healthy condition of the kidneys: If It
stains the linen it is evidence of kidney
trouble; too frequent desire to pass It, or
pain in the back is also convincing proof
that the kidneys and bladder are out of
order. » ~ .> '
WHAT TO DO.
There Is comfort In the knowledge so
_pften expressed that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every wish in curing rheuma-
tism, pain in the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passage. It corrects Inability to hold
water and scalding- pain in passing it, or
bad effects following use of liquor, wine
or beer, and overcomes that' unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases. If yt>u need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists in fifty-
cent and one-dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root and ¦ a book that tells more
about it, both sent absolutely free by
mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
hamton, N. \Y. "When writing mention
that you read this generous offer In the
San Francisco L>aily Call, j -'• i^-
HOW TO FIND OUT.
DB. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
\ I IiwM'''iTOlWLSi^P^il' 1 / pay- In this range .° f pricss
i\f I Kf (S«irTilfl lillP^ sented ever ything in ma-
iMl tilW 1 1 I lH VI \\ lIIPIliKr terials and patterns that arc
« Ife l| ' i f I ifffiam either sta P le or Particularly
|p| I IF (IMP jti V\ IlilM i\ identified with the season.
\^ l| 'Kfy] J^Sjri 1 il^jF'I is P roven bv the growth of
llrliillllf $ (r'lifs Ue are ma k' n £ more su »ts to order
I fnllM liJ M i \Wvi than eve/ in the history of our store.
I V r\' ] Ilif fc iC'llil rh ' 3 counts ior something — it's all
a !<' v lili > I Pilll e^ our sam P^ es ant l compare them;
I ij iti |y I s M then give your order with this assur-
I i kIm/ fill ance — the suit will satisfy in every
• f HIH" llnU re spect or you get your muney back.
I fi| 1 ¦ $!n Sui a saiisfacforify made for oui-of-
r© iffi' customers through our seJf-measvr- '
tli'si lil ' ¦ * n 3 s/sieTi—sencf for samples.
I Pi$?!' VilHl ¦ 718 Market Street ond iHarry Corbrtt.
After donning his street clothes
Gardner went upstairs and paid
his respects to McGovern. He
shook hands with his vanquisher
and they had a little heart-to
heart talk. Gardner is now one of
McGovern's stanchest admirers.
"The first punch did the busi
ness," he said, in explaining his
defeat. "As soon _ as I got the
clip alongside the jaw I was dazed
and remained so for all times. I
was In splendid shape and the only
excuse I can offer is that McGov
ern is a better man. He has im
proved wonderfully since our first
meeting.. He is even faster and
seems to have developed his
punching powers. He dazed me
and I put up 'a poor fight. I
missed, time and again."
Gardner' revived very quickly
and was able to leave the ring
with but slight assistance. After
being rubbed down he donned his
street clothes and unlike McGov
ern received .the -condolences of
his friends. The latter, howecer,
praised .Oscar for his game ness
and assured him that he had put
up a good fight, but it was diffi
cult to make him believe It. Gard
ner showed signs or having en
gaged in a fistic exhibition. His
face was badly swollen and pre
sented a sad appearance.
GARDNER HAS -NO EXCUSES.
The halrdesser feels no compunctions
about dying an old maid. »! •
He seemed to be in a maze throughout
the bout. In his perplexity he would
walk over to where Charley White, the
well known referee, was sitting:, and
mutely appeal for advice, but none was
given him. When McFadden was sent to
the floor in the last round it was his
duty to jump between the fighters, and
his neglect to do so resulted In an un
satisfactory ending to an excellent, box
ing contest.
In the opinion of hundreds at the ring
side McFadden should never have won
on a foul. When knocked to bis knees
in the tenth round, the "Kid" was be
wildered. He heard the count and was
making a move to rise to his feet when
Dougherty, in his eagerness, led * for his
head. The referee promptly disqualified
him and when it dawned on the crowd
there were hoots and Jeers for him. Eck
hart did not prove the best referee fax the
world.
by McFadden. In the first round Dough
erty dropped the California bantam and
repeated this in the last round.
McFadden seemed to possess the stlffer
punch, but he was unable to find the Phil
adelphia boy. Dougherty was a veritable
will o' the wisp and flitted round the ring
so fast that McFadden could never land
his srlove with directness.
The bout was one of the best ever put
up by bantams In this city. The lads
fought like a couple of lightweights and
each round was full of excitingr boxing.
Dougherty's cleverness stood him in good
stead. He landed time after time on the
"Kid" and got away without a return.
When McFadden landed Dougherty felt
the sting, but like a wise boxer side
stepped and blocked until safe and out
of reach.
Round 4 and the end was installed.
Two, three, four, five, six times Gardner
was dropped In his tracks. He was dazed,
stunned, groggy, but gamely held on. He
knew full well that all chances for stay
ing had evanesced, had been beaten to a
nothingness. Just as his own hopes of vic
tory had been crushed, yet he tottered to
his feet and fought on. Then came the
stomach punch which ended all. It was
another victory for Terry, the sixth de
feat for Gardner out of 509 fishts.
McFadden on a Foul.
Danny Dougherty of Philadelphia out
fought and outgeneraled "Kid" McFadden
of this city in their ten-round bout, but
Referee Eckart saw fit to award the fight
to the local boxer on a foul. His decision
did not find favor with the spectators and
he was roundly hooted. Dougherty should
have- been declared the victor, as his work
was far better than the showing made
Right Body Punch Did It.
• Out of the Ring Goes Gardner.
In the third round the blood began to
spurt and roll out of Gardner's nose and
mouth as the heavy straight left and
right smashes would find a smackful rest
ing place on his head or face. There was
one fitful mix-up in this round in which
Terry received a reminder or two that he
was in a fight. Then he went at his game
with renewed vigor. .Clenching his teeth,
half closing his eyes and straining his
muscles McGovern began a hammering
act that would make him a leader among
the elect. By a fistic whirlwind or two
or three he had Gardner out of the rlngr
and sprawling all over the reporters , on
the stand below. Helped within the ropes
Gardner came back only to be saved by
the gong. .
be duplicated here for some time.
McGoverri is a marvel and "Terrible
Terry" is a fit name for the Brooklyn
boy. ;His punches possess power enough
to put a, much larger man than Gardner
to sleep, and he lands them just where
they are most harmful.
The fight, of course, was a trifle one
sided, . but Terry . has it in" him . to . make
any contest In which he enters appear all
McGovern. .- - "-, -: - . . ¦; .
He is all fight from the sound of the
gong. and keeps at' his opponent in a
manner that only a man in the best of
condition could. He :is not afraid of. a
punch and sometimes takes a desperate
chance to land one of his own.' He is
clever and remarkably fast on his feet
and never loses his head.
Gardner is one of the- gamest men I
have ever seen in the ring. He stood
McGovern's powerful blows and came
back- for more. -For Gardner it was an
uphill flght, as he had to contend against
a man stronger and quicker than himself,
and above all, a man many years his
junior. .
Altogether It was : a pretty flght. My
position as. referee was not. an onerous
one. The knockout was clean and left
no room for debate as to who was 'en
titled to the match.
sinewy, he was certainly the physical
superior of his vis-a-vis. Gardner's short,
shuffling legs and much battered face
made him seem an old man compared with
the strong boy opposite.
The bell sounded and the flght began.
Very little time was wasted by McGovern.
Suddenly he shot out. the whole of him
at once, right at Gardner and then there
was no let-up in his fistic furnishings.
Three times he had Gardner down on his
haunches and once on the flat of his back.
A left punch on the vulnerable point of
the chin was the first severe blow struck,
and it made the fight an easy one for
Terry ever after. Were it not for the bell
that sounded, Gardner's second flght with
McGovern might have lasted but a single
round. -
When the second spasm was unrolled
Gardner's legs seemed suddenly made
heavy. The punishment he took in was
tremendous, but he returned— but never
spry or seemingly happy— for more, which
he got In double portions. Terry wa3 there
all the time, whether Gardner was looking
or not. Left and right, boring holes Into
Gardner, Terry was relentless yet fair
and honest in every blow struck.
IN my estimation both these little fel
lows are "wonders. . They are both
strong and willing and game to the
core and put up a fight that will not
Referee Thinks That the Fight Was a Little
'One-Sided, but a Good, Clean and Fast
Battle—Gardner Is Marvelously Game
¦ ¦ » — - — ¦ •
BY HARRY CORBETT.
"McGOYERN A WONDER'
SAYS HARRY CORBETT
"Local men are all right, but I
'want an Eastern man for a referee
in future. I was handed one to
night and I want to say that it
was an out-and-ottt robbery."
Manager Sam Harris is on the
warpath. He wants Referee Eck
hart's scalp. He claims that
Dougherty was robbed out of a
just decision. He states that
Dougherty did not foul McFadden
and believes that his man was the
victim of a trick.
WANTS AN EASTERN REFEREE.
"Oscar is as game as a pebble,
and in my opinion is yet able to
give some of the others a hard
tussle." '- •'•:.¦ :
"Gardner." he said, "is the
gamest little f ollow I ever fought.
Did you see him pick up the piece
of string and throw it out of the
ring when I had him' on the can
vas? Well, it was the funniest
move I ever saw in a ring," and
McGovern laughed heartily.
McGovern left the ring in a
happy mood. On retiring to his
dressing-room be was surrounded
by admirers, who congratulated
him on his victory. In the lan
guage of Joe Humphreys Terry
never turned a hair. /McGovern
appeared to be able to' go an In
definite number of rounds. While
being attended by his trainers he
worked his hands and was delight
ed to report tiiat there was not a
sprain or break in them. • ¦'¦ :-..;<<
ADMIRES GARDHER'S PLUCK.
Alwrys speak the truth— even ' if ' you
have to use a long-distance telephone.
"Waterman," '."Stanly," "Marshall" and
"Falcon" Fountain Pens are the best in
the world for ¦ the : money.' - Sanborn,' Vail
& Co., (Stationery ¦:. department, selling
agents for Sap Francisco. " ?.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 30.—
Arrangements . have been completed by
Manager Fishar for the- second eleven to
play a game of football at Salt Lake City
next fall with a team from the University
of Utah." The grame will probably -be
played about December 16. The Stanford
team will be composed- of varsity, substi
tutes and such men from the squad as
may be needed to complete the line-up.
Stanford. Will Play Utah.
SAN JOSE, April 30.— The entries of bi
cyclists for the two days' races d,uring the
Carnival of Roses, May 14 and 15. is be
coming a matter of importance and many
of the crack riders of the United States
will compete. The latest addition of note
is Hoffman, the Southern California won
der. Muff of Los Angeles, who held the
southern championship . until Hoffman'
pedaled past him into fame, will be In the
race against Burt Downing. :
Fast Wheelmen -Will Compete.
The Inner track at Emeryville had pre
viously been considered and a letter ad
dressed to T. H. Williams Jr. If a favor
able answer Is received the races will
prcbably be held there.
The Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion had under discussion at its meeting
last night the choice of a track for its
Memorial day race meet. Opinion seemed
to favor some outside track, such as that
at San Jose, Santa Rosa or Petaluma.
The last named especially was regarded
as possessing advantages.
CHOICE OF TRACK FOB,
MEMORIAL DAY RACES
Golden Gate Park Driving,Associa
tion May Hold Its Annual Meet ¦
at Fetal tuna.
Second race, four furlongs— John Peters won
Hans Wagner second,- Jaubert third; Time,
:4S%. riRMBBPS+>tMM9M|HnMMB*K. ~*
Third "race, one mile, selling— Amelia. Strath
more won. Peat second, Tom Littleton third.
Fourth race, four furlongs— Debutante stakes
—Autumn Leavas .won, The Esmond second
The- Boston. third. Time. :47%. , .
Fifth race., seven furlongs— The Puritan won
.Wild ; Pirate ; second. Senator Beverldge third"
Time. l:2S%. . . ¦ .?¦ a "
¦: Sixth race, six furlongs— Lyror Bell won, Sim
W second. Pantland third. Time,' 1:1514.
First race, six furlongs, selling— Suave won
Beauty, Book second, Edith Q third.', Time
1:14%.,
LOUISVILLE, Ky.', April 3a— Churchill
Downs summary:
Besults on. Eastern Tracks.
NEW YORK, April 30.— Aqueduct summary:
First race, six furlongs— Outlander won. The
Chamberlain | second, -Ventoro third. Time,
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing-Malden wen, Mtzpah second, Oliver Mac
third. Time. 1:08.
Third race, about seven furlongs, selling—
Sadducce* won. Tyrshena second, Lucky Star
third. Time. 1:25 2-5.
Fourth race, five furlongs*, the Woodhaven
stakjs— Elsie L wen. Juvenile second, C. Rosen
feld third. Time, 1:02 1-5.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Walt Not won, McGrathlana Prince sec
ond. Matt Simpson third. Time, 1:46.
Sixth race, five furlongs— Miss Hastings won,
G WhltUer second. Major Daniels third. Time,
1:02 3-5. , . . .
CHICAGO, April 30. — Summary at Lakeside:
First race, four and a half furlongs— John
A. Clark won. Matt Mitchell second, Brissalc
third. Time, :56.
Second race, one mile — Prestar won, Fatroon
second Ice third. Time. 1:41 2-5. ;
Third race, one mile — Henry Burt won,
Dyxonla second, Leonwell third. Time. 1:42 3-5.
Fourth race, four and a half f urlongs-r
Barouche won. Tana second. Hoodwink third.
Time. :55 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling-
Jake Weber -won. Red Apple second, Ed
Adack third. Time. 1:49 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Annowan won,
Cora Havill II second, Chauncey Fisher third.
Time. 1:43 4-5.
¦CINCINNATI. April 30.— Summary:
First race, six furlongs— Algie M won. Donna
Seay second. Fairy Day t*ilrd. Time. l:22Vi. .
Second race, four furlongs— King Ford won,
Andy Williams second, Tom Crabb third.
Time, 1:54.
Third race.- six furlongs— All's Well won.
Miss Redwood second, Leetka third. Time, 1:21
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs— El
Glva won. Montana Pioneer second. Myrtle
Dell third. Time. 1:00.
Fifth race, one mile, selling-— Peter Durj-ea
won. Masterful second. Eous third. Time. 1:51.
• Sixth race, *lx furlongs, selling— Poorlands
won, Brown Vail second, Al Lone third. Time,
1:22. ¦ idUm UBBnBNattaMBflHBKAfi
OAKLAND RACETRACK-Tuesday, i
April ¦ 30, 1901 -~~^|i|Jl er ; showery. J
- Track muddy. At^i''
2374. FIRST RACE— Slx^fSrlongs: selling;
four- year-olds and upward; pufi%i$3^.
Index.' Horee, Wt, Jockey. S.t I^H.Vi.%: • Fin.
2351 Decoy. 4, 102 Ranscb/3 3 2*21 1%
2325 Barney F, 4, 102...Stuart'5»l I* 1 1 2 4
2331 Lost Girl, a, 105.Mathws l b 7 46131 -J
2356 Hilary, 4, 102..Fauntlroy 4 4 V4 5 % 44 «L
2334 Guilder, 6, 106..Bassnger S^6j!j 7 Vi 5 3 J? *>
2362 Spry I^ark, a, 105. Russell 2@|M 3 % &* 10
1869 Del Vista. 4. 104..Collinsll 5^^ D 2 j-'\' ¦':/< y
1878 S. Dan'baum, 4. 104.Enos 6 S 2 8Kv:^
2208 King's Pal, 4. 107..Flynn 9 5 1 JgRB&S ''
2268 Dr. Marks, 6. 102.MartlnlO 11 h/l^^p^
2290 Aluminum, 6, 102.Tullett 7 10 h *im&i%&
1905 H. Thatcher, 4, 107.Sulvnl2 12 12^12 ,
Time— U, :25H;'%, :S1%; %. 1:18. Good start.
Won first thre3 drivlne. Winner,-, George Mil
ler's b. g. by imp. Decelver-Nantucket. Win
ner ran as If born in the going. Barney F
not bo well handled as Decoy. I»st Girl Iln
ished well. Guilder " showed improvement.
King's Pal had speed.
Betting— Decoy, 16-5; Barney F, 7; Lost Girl,
8; Hilary. 7; Guilder, 20; Spry Lark, 7; Del
Vista, 20; Sam Dannenbaum, 50; King's Pal,
25; Dr. Marks, 20; Aluminum, 15; Harry
Thatcher, 15.
2375. SECOND RACE— Three and a half fur
longs; selling; maiden 2-year-olds: purse, $350.
Index. Horse, .Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2293 Phyllis, 106 Basslnger 4 2 % 2 1 13.
2177 B. C. Greene. 108.Mathws 112 1 h 2 2
2339 Phil Crlmmins.- 108. Conly 2 3 5 3 h 3 1
2363 Yellowstone, 108 Enos 8 8 6 2 4 %.
2130 Legato. 108. ...Alexander 6" 5 3 6 Vi 6%
2119 Warder, 105 Ransch 3 4 1 4 1 6 6
22S5 Prestonian. 107... Hazard 7^7 2 7 2 -7 1
2285 Priam. 105... .Russell S 6 2,8 8
Time— S-16, :19; SMt. :44. • Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, A.
J. Stemler & Co.'s b., f. by imp. Goldflnch-
Phllestia. Phyllis outfooted Greene. Phil Crim
mlns ran well. Yellowstone stood a persuasive
argument from his • rider. Scratched— Dandy
108, Sister Abbie 105, -Flattered 105,, Frank
Bain, 108. ¦• .; .• - ¦ , ,.. . •
Betting— Phyllis, 9-10;' B.C. Greene,' 5-2; Phil
Crlmmins. 9; Yellowstone, ¦- 30; Legato, 30;
.Warder, 12; Prestonian, 50; Priam, 40.
2370. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $330.
Index. Horse., Wt,' Jockey. St. . %. :.'%.. Fin.
2314 Un Cadeau. 4, 102.Martin 2 2 h 3 % - 1 1
2335 Wallenstein, 4, 106.Alxnd 522.22 2n
2367 Nllgar,- 5, 106..Bassnger 4 4 4 4 5 3 2
2367 Alaska, 6, 102. ...Bergen 7 5 3 5 2 4 hi
2351 The Singer, 4, 102.. .Enos 1 1 hi h 5 2
2356 Canejo. 4, 101 :. Matthews 8 8 3 7 2 6 3
2358 Formatus. 4, 102.. Ransch 6.6% 6 h -7 6 .
2240 S. William, 6. lOl.Tullet 9 9 9 '82.
2152 Modwena, 5, 105.. Russell 3 7,1 8 1 9 - ;
..Time—Yt, :25; %, :50^; ?i, 1:1"U. - Good start..
Won '. flrst • three driving. Winner,' S. Givens*.
b. g. by imp. St. George-Mogenl. In getting
through. -. Martin on .- winner - bumped - Nilgar.
With -more luck, 'latter should have won. Sad-'
die on Alaska .turned! Canejo \ ran . poorly. <
:^ nC ' enne ° 10 "' S 'mc-
Betting— Un Cadeau. 6; Wallenstein, 5-2; Nll
gar. 6; Alaska, 4; The Singer, 7; Canejo 30-
Forraatua. 20; Sweet William, 12; Modwena, V>'.
5t ¦ ' .
2377. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; sell
ing; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
l 2$£?^ Horse > Wt. Jockey. St V, Str Fin
U2273)Rory Ough, 118. l\ iitiu
[2365 S. LlchteRstn.TlS.Sdr 2 2* 2 n* 2 5*
r2352 Royalty, 115....Bassinger 4 514 a& \\l
2082 Prestene, 115 ....S 3 8 h « 6
_Tlme-H. :13; %, :25;;%, :50H: %; 1-03U
Good start Won first three driving. WiAner
down and Ac°h U iil b e r s Ok W0^ S £!*', HuachuCa .»«*•
Betting-Rory Ough. 4; Sol Lichtensteln 1
tene 40* Huachu «i. 8; Achilles, 10; Pres
2378. FIFTH RACE-One mile; selling; three
year-olds and upward; purse, $-100.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. V,. str Tin
(2372)Malay. 5. 110.. Alexander 2 13 110 is
2346 Ada N. 3, 105 Russell 6 7 2 1 2 4
(23C0)R. Shannon, 4, 112.Sulvn 1 2 U 3 2 3 8
1939 Kickumbob, 4, 104.Martn 4 6 2 4 5 42
2349 Rlnaldo, 6, 108.. ....Hoar 5 3 h 5 1 ' 5 h
2355 Moringa; 6, 108.. .Ransch 3 4 17 « 8
22B5 B. Stone. 3. 7 6 1 6 1 7
l:44'/4. Good start. Won easily ' Second nrwi
third driving. Winner, Dr. H . E. Rowers br
hf y lm P-,, P1 . rate of Penzanze-Miss Thomas'
Others couldn't make Malay gallop Ada n
came from far back. Rio Shannon not at him
self. Others outclassed. Scratched-HerculeTn
-Betting— Malay, 6-5; Ada N,' 4 : ¦ Rio ' Shannnn
B,r^s». 15: [*>¦¦ 11^;
237O. SIXTH. RACE-SU furlongs; selling;
four-year-old3 and upward; purse, J40O.
Index. Horse,. Wt. Jockey. St. . u^ Str Pin
. 2341 Handicapper. 4, 108.Mrtn 4 3 h 2 1 1 u ¦
(2122) Alee. 4. 104.... Alexander 2 1 3 1 L 2 2°
2343 Good Hope, 5, 105.Mthws' 5 6 h 4 V, \{
2318 Duckoy, 4, 104... Sullivan 7 4 h 3 ' 41
; 235'J Boundlee. 4, 106.Bassngr 6 9 3 8 It, I u
2364 Dr. Cave, 4, 113..RusselU0 10 9 % 1
2S59 Mocorito, 6. 105...Bergen 1 6 V> s 1 71
. 2348 Jerld. ' 5, 113. . .H. Shields J 21471 I
(2083) P. Morrissey, a, 107.Rnch 8 8 2 M) 9 %
,2361 Matt Hogan. 4, 106.Enos 9 7 2 6 H 10
Time— U. :24i4; &,' :50; %. 1:16. Poor start
Won ridden out. ¦ Second and third ¦ driving
Winner. Carruthers & Shields' b. g. by Strath
more-Zuhlan. . Winner nicely, ridden. -Alee did
his best. Boundlee away badly. Pat Morris
sey.must get off in front to win. Dr Cave
may be. no "mudder." Scratched— Hlndoonet
110, Clarando 105.. • . . .-¦ ...
Betting— Handicapper. 4; Alee.' 12; Good Hope 1
10; . Duckoy,- IS; Boundlee. 10; Dri.Cave 5'
Mocorito," 12; Jerid, 15; Pat Morrissey, 4; Matt
Hogan; 11 . . ' ,
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
• ¦ '• ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦
MUD larks were In big demand at
Oakland track yesterday, and
the talent managed to pick up
four very profitable bargains In
Decoy, Phyllis, Malay and
Handicapper. All were favorites In the
betting, but on account of the soggy and
uncertain condition of the track, the
market prices were. good. Showers fell
throughout the afternoon. , which fact did
not deter a fair sized crowd from at-,
tending. '-:.'¦>':.¦
Ex-Jockey George. Miller told his
friends Decoy was a "moral" for the
opening scramble, and at odds of 16 to 5,
the Deceiver gelding came home first in
clever fashion. Barney F., after mak
ing the . running, lost, out by less than
a length. Lost Girl ran a fair third.
Of the eight maiden two-year-olds,
Phyllis was selected as best, closing a 9
to 10 favorite. B. C. Greene,' the '• second
choice, went out in front at the start with
a sharp turn of speed, but couldn't stay,
and the first choice won easily by. three
lengths. Phil Crlmmins. from the Elm
wood'farm, finished in the show.
Through clever handling, Jack Martin
landed the third purse with Un Cadeau,
a 6 to 1 shot. When Wallensteln, the
lukewarm favorite, had tired after chas
ing The Singer well into the stretch, Mar
tin made his move. Using his customary
rough tactics, he cut off the fast coming
Nilgar. scoring by a length. In a hard
drive Nilgar lost the place to Wallensteln
"by a head. Alaska, with Bergen up, was
well backed, but unfortunately- Bergen's
saddle turned and he was kept busy stick
ing on the horse's back. . - ,¦
Bergen. met with better Buccess In the
five furlong dash for two-year-olds, riding
a perfect race on Rory Ough. Sol Lich
tensteln fell in for extensive support at
even money and his downfall staggered
the short-end players. Rory Ough out
broke his field and, rated nicely by Ber
gen, got the decision down at the wire by
half a length. Huachuca,- a handy colt
from Johnny Campbell's stable, after
looking a possible winner, broke down,
pulling up in bad shape. • Royalty took
third place. ¦ ¦ ¦ - ' . •
Right at home again In the sloppy going,'
Malay captured the mile selling event,
running away at the end. . A 6 to 5 favor
ite, with Alexander up, the brown gelding
was never headed, breezing in five lengths
before Ada N. Rio Shannon did not run
his race, ending up a fair third. .
: Ten well matched. "mudders" furnished
a perplexing betting proposition In the
final six furlong sprint, resulting in Hand
icapper and Pat Morrlsey closing equal
choices at post time. Ransch astride Mor
rissey got away back in' the. bunch and
never looked dangerous. Showing first
when over half the route had been cov
ered Handicapper outstayed Alee, winning
by nearly a length.': Good Hope dropped
in third. /
Track Notes.
The excellent riding of the old-timer,
Probable "Winners.
, '
First race—Carlovlnglan, Th» Gafflr, Arion.
Second race—Wardman, Darlene, Phil'Archi
bald. ; ;
Third race —Glendennlng, St. Phlllpplna,. Zx>u
welsea. ¦' ¦ ; . . ' • ¦ W-2p*
Fourth race—Hlndoonet, Nllgar, Ostler Joe.
Fifth race—Pat Morrissey, . Gauntlet, • The
Buffoon, .'"*:<*; '
¦ Sixth race — J>jin.free, High Hoe, : Birdie
Stone< - : ¦' '. ¦¦-.' . . .;. -'..
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling. ...
2360 Flamero ........121 1984 J. Shropshire,.. Ill
, 2378 Birdie Stone..;. 97 • 2349 High Hoe... .".'.'.119
2313 Flatterer, 110 1975 Dunfree 107
2379 Jerld 124 2368 Hungarian 113
Fifth race— One mile and fifty yards; four
year-olds and upward; selling. ',.'..-'
2360 Don tails 108 2379 Pat Morrissey.. 10S
2372 Gauntlet ....;. .111 2253 The Buffoon.... 104
2372 Wyoming .103
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling:. '
2343 Alas .109 2376 ' Nllgar 113
2376 \Val!ensteln ....111 2362 Parader ........113
2326 IiOconorao Ill 2296 Asian 114
2103 Ostler Joe 116 2282 Sir Kingston... Ill
2376 The Singer Ill (2343)Hindoonet .....116
2S51 QIlEsando ...:.. Ill 2361 Grand Sachem. 113
Third race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selllns:
(2369)Glendennlng ..102i(2339)St. Phih"pplna..lO2
2225 Waterscratch ..102 1 2369 Clear Sky .102
2357 San L.utlon.....l02 2321 Jacqueminot ..101'
2365 Louwelsea 102 1 <
' Second race — One mile; three-year-olds;
purse:
2097Dar!«me 107 (2337)Qulbo 112
2350 George I»ewey..lO9 2269 Phil Archlbald.112
(2212)Wardman ,.112
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlonss; maiden.three-year
olds and upward; Belling::
1972 Edith 0 105 2368 Sweet Voice.. ..Ill
2276 Carlovingian ..107 23G8 Lrtica 105
2373 La Calma 105 2325 Frank Duffy ... 113
-2368 Triple Cross.... 106 2332 Illusion 105
2373 Cerro Santa. ...107 2356 Scotch 113
2307 The Gafflr 107| Arion ..........107
Marty Bergen, Is attracting general at
tention of late. Marty lost a small for
tune as an owner of thoroughbreds and
is endeavoring to build up another one.
Walter B. Jennings, who for years has
been one of the foremost figures on the
American turf, owning and training some
of the most noted performers, joined the
ranks of the benedicts in this city yester
day. He was united in . marriage with
Miss Amy D. Stuart, an estimable young
lady of, this city.
Entries for the Colorado Derby, the
stellar attraction of the great Denver
meet, which begins June 15, close to-day.
By F 1 . E3. 3^-u.lliollanci.
TALENT PICKS THE MUDLARKS WITH
MARKED SUCCESS AT OAKLAND TRACK
All the time consuming but necessary
preliminary discussion on the ring's center
spot having passed without hitch or un
usual delay the two fighters stood erect
in their corners, awaiting the clang -of
the bell that would bring them together.
They had chatted pleasantly a few min
utes before, just after McGovern entered
the ring, but now all was business. Mc-
Govern looked the fresh, the well-trained
ringster all over. Youthful, his eye bright;
his skin a healthy pink and his muscles
s
McGovern the Terrible.
Jack Gleason, manager of the Twentieth
Century Athletic Club, was arrested just
before the fight by Corporal Eagan, who
charged him with committing, battery on
an officer. Gleason was released on bail.
Eagan claims that he started to enter the
Pavilion, but was prevented by Gleason,
and that in the scuffle that followed the
manager struck him.
•i- — r
of a good size, rather quiet and of the
curious sort, composed of men— and a few
heavily veiled women — who came there
just to see what manner of fighter this
little whirlwind . from Brooklyn is. Then
came the "Terrible" himself, followed by
Harris, Dukelow and little Danny Dough
erty, who won a prize but had it taken
from him by a misguided referee. At no
time .were the spectators fight mad as
they have been before and hope to be
again. There were no thrilling moments,
no situations provocative of ¦ heart palpi
tations. "Hit him again, Terry"— and
hit him again Terry did— was the cry
from the unenthusiastic spectators.
Gardner's portion was a lamentation.
Nothing But McGovern.
There was but a single man in the ring
at any time of the fight. McGovern was
there with both his fists, small in size, but
The fight did not last a full four rounds.
At the end of ! three of - \ them . Gardner
-heard- the -joyful clang that saved him
from the end of the ten-second count. In
the fourth the finish, in the shape of a
steam-propelled right full tilt upon the
stomach's tender spot, arrived and down
went Gardner, falling upon his face like
so much dead weight. Terry had used his
stiff lefts and rights with bloody execu
tion before the culminating bolt was shot.
Gardner's face — not pretty to look at In
repose and when free from the marks of
battle— was all of a red, the blood flowing
softly and steadily from his mouth and
nose. When that right-hand blow landed
a grunt filled the air and Gardner was out
'for good. He writhed and moaned on the
ring floor, hearing distinctly the tolling of
the seconds as . Harry Corbett gesticu
lated in rhythm with the timekeeper's
sawing of the air. Ammonia, much water,
a plentiful fanning and a bit of alcoholic
stimulant brought the defeated pugilist
back to the realm of consciousness.
ton-^ERRY McGOVBRN is Terry Mc-
I Govern. As fighters go, he is sui
1 " generis, and no matter who comes
JJL his way, they all leave by the
same route— the ten seconds or
more of violently imposed forgetfulness.
Last night at Mechanics' Pavilion Oscar
Gardner felt what it was.to be brought to
the ring floor so many times that the
number became Confused. No match for
the Terrible Terry, Gardner clung to a
thin, frail strand of hope and took a beat
ing such as must have churned his in
sides and rattled every tooth in his head—
and Gardner has a wide mouthful. ¦ ',
Crowd Not Enthusiastic.
Both fighters weighed in at Harry ¦ Cor
bett 1 s yesterday afternoon. The weight
limit was 124 pounds. McGovern did not
raise the beam even with a shirt on his
back and Gardner Just made it. This
being satisfactory to all concerned the
referee had no announcement to make
when the men came together in the ring
last night. Gardner was first to arrive
and he received a humble cheer from the
crowd which was not enthusiastic. It was
propelled by some unseen power that
makes the force of the "Terrible' s" blows
equal to that of a man many times heav
ier. Gardner was nothing but a subject,
something to receive punishment for a
limited duration and, when endurance and
physical strength had left him, to fall to
the ground, helpless and beaten." Gardner
showed pluck. He took a beating, several
beatings, came back for more, shuffled
out a. brief space of fisrhting in trying to
stay ¦ with th-3 Kame and then collapsed.
He closed finally like a jackknife.
So one-sided was the fight that the club
has been censured for bringing McGovern
and Gardner together. It is safe 'to say,
however, that McGovern. is so far beyond
anything else in his class that no real con
test results wh«;n he is matched with one
of his own. weight. - The public did not
see a fleht last night .In the sense of;a
contest, as it was- McGovern in the bone;
McGovern. In , the flesh .and McGovern in
the blood. And this same Terry has im
proved on his former self. Eastern ex
perts find the same dash, the same unre
lenting vigor and forcefulness in his
methods of attack, combined now. with a
clever defense. He Is shifty on his feet,
fast as a man can be, and he never slows
down. As soon as the referee has sep
arated him from his opponent he is back
again at the human mark, hammering,
smashing, churning, never satisfied until
the referee waves him over to his corner
and the battle is won.
WINNER OF THE BIG BOXING EVENT AND SOME OF THOSE PRES
ENT AT THE BOUTS THAT WERE HELD LAST NIGHT . AT ME
CHANICS' PAVILION.
McGovern is fighting as he always fights
— sr.xious to finish his man as quickly as
possible. He is the perfect type of a fight
ing machine, combining qualities of quick
ness on the style cf heavy artillery. He
is a little anxious to commence proceed
ings. Gardner simply was the receiver
As the bell sounds both men spring to
the center of the ring. Without a mo
ment's hesitation McGovern lets fly with
left, right and left on head and face.
Gardner covers himself and backs away.
McGovern is anxious. They clinch and
Gardner lands three lefts on body. They
break cautiously. McGovern lands left
and right on face. McGovern cops a short
left on Gardner's jaw. Terry is very eager
and lands a brace of lefts and rights on
jaw and nearly drops Gardner. McGovern
is too anxious, and misses left swing. He
then lands hard right on body. Terry
lands left and right on head. Gardner
places two lefts on body, but McGovern's
attack is not stayed. McGovern tries to
catch Gardner on jaw in the breakaway.
Terry hits Gardner on Jaw and turns him
over. Gardner rises and Terry is after
him like a demon, but is fighting wild.
Gardner Is dropped again, but Is soon up
and Terry is wildly anxious to finish him.
Gardner hits low and Terry says, "Oscar,
you're hitting low," and Gardner answers,
"I did not mean it." Terry appears anx
ious to finish his man and lands a blow
on the head that turns Gardner com
pletely around. Terry is .fighting very
wild. He lands a hard' straight left on
Gardner's body as round ends.
Round One.
• -, i . - .• » . '
OVRDNER and his seconds 'entered
the ring and took th« southwest
. corner. The "Omaha Kid."' as
usual, was the first in the arena.
He- wore a very confident smile
and his face looked bright. After five
minutes' delay McGovern and his retinue
put in an appearance at the eastern end
of the Pavilion. Harris was in the lead
and behind him came the little champion.
Dougherty and the other seconds com
pleted the procession-. McGovern was
wildly cheered. He entered the ring at
tired in a fed and green sweater and
locked to be in splendid fettle. Advanc
ing toward Gardner, the latter met him
half way. They smiled and shook hands.
Gardner surrendered his corner and took
the one at the northeast portion of the
building. • The men quickly stripped for
the fray and were called to the center of
the ring. Referee Harry Corbett then de
livered his instructions and Announcer
Biily Jordan introduced the pair. ix>ud
cheers greeted each man and they retired
to their corners to await the signal of the
gong to begin hostilities.
McGovern listened to advice from Har
ris, took a parting drink out of a bottle
and awaited the signal. Gardner was like
wise advised. Both men were in the pink
of condition.
Charles White.
Terry goes back to his corner confident
while Gardner shows signs of the severe
punishment he has undergone. Oscar's
training is standing him in good stead. .
'.¦: > ; Round Four. V - ¦'; ;_:-,-.'
Terry Is first up. He '.lands Jeft ion
'stomach and sends right to head. Terry
smothers Gardner's, wild swings. Terry
plants a hard left on stomach. •¦• Terry
puts right on jaw and knocks Gardner
backward. Terry follows up quickly and
sends hard left to stomach and whips
in right on face and Gardner falls.
George Harting, the official timekeeper,
counts ten, and Gardner is out, but Ref
eree Corbett makes a mistake, and does
not declare Terry the winner. Oscar
rises again and is helped to his feet. He
is sent down a moment later and while on
his knees, Terry sends a left that brushes
Oscar's hair. There are cries of foul
from, the spectators, but no foul ha*
been committed. Terry smiles and shakes
Oscar's head. Gardner is up again and
they are again at it. Terry "wants to end
it here but swings wildly. Gardner lands
a good right, but Terry Is not to be
deterred. He watches his chance and
puts a terrible right on body and Gardner
drops to the floor a beaten man. The
time of round is 2:35. Gardner is un
able to rise and his seconds fan htm
while he is lying on the ground. The
body blows hurt him.
McGovern is holding back, judging
from what I have seen him do in former
fights. Terry misses and corrects his mis
take by putting an awful right on Gard
ner's body. Terry hooks right on jaw
and follows up with a brace of rights
knocking Gardner through the ropes.
Gardner turns a comolete somersault in
his journey. He is helped back into the
ring. Gardner Is taking a severe beat
ing. McGovern is fighting carefully. The
bell sounds, otherwise Oscar would have
been out.
Both men come up. looking fresh and
eager. Terry as usual opens up proceed
ings. He slams left on Gardner's Jaw.
They clinch. Gardner lands lightly on
Terry. McGovern rushes him to ropes
and puts in Jeft and rights. Gardner gets
out of danger and catches McGovern
with a hard right.. Terry responds with
one. like it and Gardner hits the floor.
He rises to his feet and Is battered on
the body. Gardner puts two light lefts
on Terry's face and McGovern retaliates
with a right in face and a right upper
cut. Gardner rushes, but Terry smothers
his blows. Terry is following him around
the ring raining blows on Gardner. Terry
puts a hard left on face and straishtens
Gardner up with an uppercut. Gardner
returns to the attack, but his blows are
smothered. Terry is cleverer than he is
credited with being. Terry hooks left on
face and hard right on neck. Terry puts
left on body and holds back right. Terry,
puts an awful left on face and repeats
the blow with even greater force, making
Oscar's head rock. Terry uppercuts hard
on stomach. McGovern lands right and
left on jaw.-- , •«•¦
Round Three.
Gardner meets Terry's rush with a right
on face. Terry is right back at him and
receives two good punches for his pains.
.He laughs and bores in again. ¦ McGovern'
fights like a demon. He is cool, but is
figuring to land a hard blow that will end
the fight. McGovern sends in a straight
left that staggers Gardner. They clinch
and the referee separates them. Terry
puts a hard right on face and a left on
belly. Gardner counters Terr* hard, but
is sent down a moment later for the
count. He staggers to his feet and Mc-
Govern Is at him. He unslings a left and
misses. Gardner is fighting in and
blocking. Terry is warned, to ease off a
bit and fights cautiously. Gardner holds
deliberately. Terry cuts loose with right
but misses. Terry then lands left on jaw,
staggering Gardner. Terry puts four or
nve rights on the body and ribs. Referee
Corbett separates them. Terry has Gard
ner on the ropes and the Omaha Kid is
the receiver- of; some hard punches.
Terry drops . Gardner with a light left.
He is up again after five is counted and
Terry closes in again and uppercuts.
Terry is trying for a knockout and sends
in right on Jaw and left in stomach as the
gong, sends them to their corners.
Terry completely outclasses Gardner.
Oscar is receiving awful, punishment but
shows he is a game man. Gardner landed
six glancing blows in the second round.
Terry is listening to advice from Harris
during the minute's rest. Gardner also
takes heed to the advice of his seconds.
Round Two.
general, displaying: splendid gsmeness.
BY CHARLES WHITE.
CHARLEY WHITE TELLS
STORY OF THE FIGHT
Expert Referee Dictates Each Move and
Action of the Battle Between the Feather
weights — Judgment on the Participants
M'GOVERN, THE PRIZE-FIGHTER, IS STILL "TERRY, THE TERRIBLE"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 19O1.
Four Rounds of Fierce, Unrelenting Fighting oir the* Part of Terry
McGovern Cuts Short the. Rejuvenated Career of Oscar
Gardner, Who Was Knocked Do\vn Again and Again
GARDNER PROVES AN EASY MARK
FOR FEATHERWEIGHT CHAMPION
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L/|O In the Schlitz brew- ffl'j
p^S ery cleanliness is car- sPl|
I&II ried to extremes. We 3jgM
plli do more than is neces- Wyv
Uhd sary to be certain of Pfl
|&|1 The caldrons in re|i|
pail which the beer is K|l$
brewed are kept scru- »4jJ
pgj| pulously clean and P^f
|||| covered. The air in ehh
fcs§5 which the beer is aF&i
k/kj cooled is filtered. frl
Efc|| The barrels in which »&?£
s|||j it is stored are cleaned flfju
ppj with steam and soda, W)/i
al^i then glazed with rosin K^LJ
jps| on the inside, then Kgi
ffij&l cleaned again. The 8as|
pP9 bottles are cleaned Wffl
kIs with utmost precaution. f\^
W$m Still we filter the beer, |^S
ll&H then sterilize every g«j
Ppf bottle, for the slightest K|)J
ifJVJ uncleanliness taints \^^
P§| the whole product. It STr|
«k|| is in these ways that R£J|
pS£a Schlitz beer has gained »ja
t/|v| its reputation for pur- L^U
wjgl ity, and made Milwau- 3*$]
ipi kee famous. Rj3j
rare! 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sher- f^f
FTTTj wood, 212 Marlcet St., San Francisco MflR
OUT TO-DAY! !
Wright & Ditson's ,«
OFFICIAL S%$2\.
LAWN mJm
TENNIS M)
GUIDE W
PRICE BY MAIL 1O CENTS.
Rankln? of players, champion- M&lS~rfim
ships ind open tournaments KS*Z*^Mf
throu<h->ut the United States 9£ k ' mm *k3B
and Canada, photographs o! the TS W
champions, rules of th« : fame
and letters of Interest.
WRIGHT & DITSON, "TKK'
For Sal. bj all Dwl.ri la AUU.U. SilkIt is a pleasure to "visit our leather
goods* department and see .the outlay of
good values. " Trunks, 'valises, pocket
books, traveling rolls, cameras, little gold
clocks and toilet articles. All fine leather
goods lettered -In gold 'without* charge.
Sanborn. VaJl & Co.. 741. Market' street." • ¦¦"¦
Travelers' Delight.
But come around and get your shoes
while you have the golden opportunity.
They are sold for $3.50 In every store of
this city. This week you can buy them
, f-r S1.G5 a pair. Made of vici kid. in black
and tan. for ladles and men both. Regu
lar $3.50 lines, ypt only JL€j at the Bank
rupt Shoe Sale of the California. 1506 Mar
ket street, above City Iiall avenue. - •¦
Do Not Delay,
FT* JOSEPH. Mo.. April 30.-- Guy S.
.Sr olson blew off the top of Charles Mop
p!n's head with a shotgun at Armour, this
county, to-day. The boys were *ach 13
years old and cousins. Snelson says he
did not know the zrun was. loaded.
Kills His Boy Companion.
WAlXiACE. Idaho, v April 30.— The
Frfsco mine will close down to-morrow
for an indefinite period. The shutdown is
due to th<? unsatisfactory condition of the
ieafl market and the desire of the mine
owners to make much needed repairs on
rhe flume and shaft. The Frisco employs
alojit 300 men.
Idaho Hine Is Closed.
CHICAGO, Aprir 30.— The Northman,
the second of Chicago's trans-Atlantic
line to sail for Europe, left here to-day
bound for Hamburg. The round trip is
expected to take fifty days. >
Chicago Liner Sets Sail.
Prominent Mexican at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, April 30.—JoaquinftBa
randa. for eighteen years Minister of Jus
tice and Public Instruction in President
Diaz' cabinet, and Domlnguez Peon,'-' a
member of the .National Mexican Con
gress, are here for a short stay. Senor
Baranda has hut recently resigned his po
sition in the Mexican cabinet to: make a
tour of the United States. From here they
will go to San- Francisco, where they ex
pect to meet President McKinley. after
which they will visit the Pan- American
Exposition at Buffalo. This is their first
stop In the United States.
CALL BUREAU, 340C G STREET, X.
W.. WASHINGTON, April SO.— Venezuela
will be given to understand that the
United States has formally approved the
course pursued by Minister Frank B.
Loomis In his action upon various matters
In dispute between the two Governments.
At the same time she will be told that the
United States relies upon her sense of
fairness and justice in the settlement of
these matters. -
Instructions setting forth the attitude
of the administration have been sent by
the State Department to Mr.- Russell,
Charge d' Affaires in Caracas/ Under them
Russell will immediately call upon the
Venezuelan Minister for Foreign Affairs
and apprise him of ths fact that the
policv of the United States in the several
questions pending is tho name as it was
before the withdrawal of Minister Loomls.
Tho instructions to Russell are the di
rect result of a conference which occurred
last week between S<Atretary Hay and Mr.
LoomiF. As then stated there was no in
tention on the part of this Government
to adopt drastic measures.. Diplomatic
T*»prwentations are considered ample at
this time, especially In view of the action
of the Venezuelan Government in express
ing regret to Russell for the arrest of Ig
naclo H. Balz, consular agent at Barce
lona. By its expression of regret the
Venezuelan Government, in the opinion of
the authorities, has shown a desire to
remove all Irritation from the relations
existing between this country and
Vem-zuela. There remains to ¦ bP de
termined a question affecting several im
portant concessions held by Americans.
These will be discussed by Russell with
President Castro and his subordinates in
accordance with Instructions just sent
him. • •.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
South Americans Must
Be Considerate of
Uncle Sam.
CLEVER PERFORMERS WJ*
HAVE WON THE APPROVAL
OF ORPHEUM AUDIENCES. :.
VIGOROUS HINT
TO VENEZUELA
A three-cornered sailing vessel rac«
frtvrn San Francisco to Honolulu has Just
with a victory' for the barkentine
P'snter. against which were the schooner
¦ V'pr» and the hark R. P. RIthet. The
Planter arrived on the 18th and. the Helene
or the morning of th<? next day, while the
P.iihct came in two hours after the
Hoierie. The race was one of the closest
Fcihngr : vessel contests en record, with
linnors about even. All vessels made quick
tripr.
Vhe tranpoort Kilpatrlck. which came
here from San Francisco with smallpox
nn board. Failed for the Philippines on the
22d. £hc left behind thirty-three soldiers
fufcTing with meas!es and two who were
fifiicf»»d with smallpox.
The steamship Ze-alandla arrived here
on th«» 21st with Sort Porto Rican immi
grants on board. During the trip six in
fants dk-d and were buried at sea. The
Porto Ricans were placed on island
ffariiers and petit to various plantations.
Owing to the danger of Importing- small
r<"x from the mainland, the Honolulu
Board of Health has decided to fumigate
r» ii mails coming here by steamer from
P?n FranciFco.
Likf; a thunder clap out of a clear sky
has appeared a radical. scheme for chang
ing the judiciary system. It is in the form
at a memorial to Congress containing pro
pofed amendments to the organic act. As
fifty-eight out of a possible sixty-three
jjracticing lawyers have signed the me
morial, there is no doubt where the bar
Hands. F. M. Hatch is reputed to be tho
::\ithf't of the plan. The Circuit courts
Tvjll be abolished if the measure passe*.
Home rule leaders are cudgeling their
brains to devise some method of bringing
ihf- Governor to terms. If there is any
particular line of legislation that they dis
cover any anxiety on his part to have
rnscted athwart that line they will throw
barricades cf obstruction/ Representative
Emmeluth is almost ready with a gradu
ated scheme of land taxation which he
believes will provide for revenue require
ments ?.nd break up all land monopoly.
The same member yesterday presented to
th«j house in the guise of a committee re
port a scathing arraignment of the mili
tary pxpondiiures. He showed that in
three years covered bv official reports the
militia cost $168,1S4 19. the Citizens* Guard
SMS3. the band $53.003 95, a total of $230.
2?115. As the police cost $204.610 52, the
total cost of keeping th*» peace "in this
parad:«=^ of the Pacific," as he put It,
amounted to H34.S21 67.
HONOLULU. April 24.— Governor Dole
arncunced yesterday that he would not
grant an extension of the legislative scs-
Fion. He would instead call a special ses
sion, at which nothing can be considered
bat the particular business he may choose
to submit. In this situation, wlth^only
right more days to complete the work of
the session, there being no comprehensive
revenue measure yet presented, the pros
pect of the Territory for needed public
improvements and the maintenance of in
dispensable public services is not a cheer
ful cr.e. v
Special Correspondence of The Call-
Lawmakers in Hawaii
Now Puzzling Their
Brains.
FIGHT IS ON
WITH GOVERNOR
•peculiarly served meals that San Fran
cisco, city of restaurants as it is, ever
Eaw.
The Agousts are Jugglers. The scene of
their act is laid in a well furnished din
ing-room; the dramatis persona are two
ruests in faultless evening attire and an
pqual r.umbfr of waiters; the theme, ex
'•'tement. The entrance of the soup is
sensational. It arrives by the air route
and the tureen which holds it is subjected
to a course of evolutions which would
make an ordinary, self-respecting tureen
pour upon the heads of guests and men
ials its steaming contents. The Agoust
tureen, however, submits with dignified
indifference, and when finally allowed to
rest on the table is able to report its
oargro, a little mixed, but still all under
hatches.
If the plate-throwing episode, which
r-nds the exciting meal, ever becomes pop
ular in San Francisco, Dewey's feat in
SAN JOSE. April 30.— The Odd Fellow
societies .'of Santa Clara County, assisted
by the Improvement Club, have started
out with I fresh vigor to raise tho remain
ing $10,000 necessary to purchase the
White tract, near Alum Rock, for the Odd
Fellows' Home. Two-thirds of. the amount
was raised", when a stagnation was j ex
perienced and the lodges. became discour
aged. This was reported to the.Improve
ment Club last night, and that organiza
tion decided that San Jose must, obtain
ithehome by any means. . ' ., •
The committee of ihe-Grand Lodge,
which inspected sites offered for the home
in various parts of the State; will' recom-'
mend the one offered by the Santa Clara"
Odd Fellows. Located near Alum) Rock
Park.;in a warm Lelt. no better site could
be'selected., It is believed tho remaining
$10,000 ,wlll be subscribed '.without ( delay,
and the home come to San Josei • \j .' .
Santa Clara County. Improvement
Club Assists San Joss -
Lodgernen.
RAISING FUNDS FOR
ODD FELLOWS' HOME
AMERICAN OFFICIAL
WEDS WOMAN OF TITLE
Secretary W. Bayard. Cutting of the
Embassy in London Marries
Lady Sybil Cuffe.
LONDON, April 30.— W. Bayard . Cut
ting Jr., secretary of the United States
embassy here, and Lady ¦ Sybil ' Cuffe,
daughter of the Earl of Dygart. were
married to-day nt All Saints' Church, this
city. The wedding was a comparatively
quiet affair. Embassador Choate and tho
other members of the American -embassy
were among the. few guests present out
side of the . families of • the brid* and
bridegroom. • ¦ ¦ .-/. .-.-'j.^;:
Court Erases the Bogg^s Case.
GUTHRIE, O. T., April 30.— The last act
in the drama of the Shawneo postofflce
imbroglio was enacted to-day, in . tho dis
trict courtroom at Tecumseh when the
case against G. G. Boggs was called and
erased from the docket. Boggs was
charged with misappropriating postal re
ceipts last February, when the real cul
prit made a confession, completely exon
erating Bogga:
• Blunders Cost Him His Life.
. ARKANSAS CITY, Ark., ' April \ 30.—
Robert A. Maxey, manager of the Pond
Lumber Company, committed suicide here
to-day by shooting himself through the
head. His term as City Treasurer expired
to-day and he was short In his accounts.
He worked all last- night on his books,
getting them posted up to date. The
amount of the shortage is $3646 87. He left
a note, to a bondsman saying i that his
blunders had cost him his life. -
OMAHA, April 30.— An agent of the kid
napers has made a proposition to Edward
A. Cudahy to return $21,000 of the money
paid fur his son's ransom, demanding In
return a withdrawal of the $25,000 reward
and a cessation of the search that Is be
ing prosecuted, together with an abandon
ment of the determination to punish the
criminals.
The proposition came in a letter- from
Elgin, HI., and Cudahy is convinced of its
authenticity. He went to Chicago ten
days ago because of it, being summoned
there by his brother in response to over
tures that had been made. He refused to
consider the offer, and declares his un
changed resolve to prosecute to the end
the search for the men "who stole his boy.
"I received a letter about ten days ago,"
said Cudahy. "It was dated April 15 at
Elgin and bore the Elgin postmark. I
cannot show it to you because I sent it to
Pinkerton, nor can I give you its contents
veibatim, as I did not make a copy-of it.
It was very brief and recited that the
chief kidnaper had communicated with
the writer and was getting uneasy. It
set forth that the chase by the detectives
was getting uncomfortably close, and
asked if I would withdraw the offer of
reward now outstanding and let up on
the effort to find the criminals and have
$21,000 of the $25,000 ransom returned to
me.
"It seems that the writer got somewhat
in a hurry, for as soon as he mailed, the
letter he must have slipped right over to
Chicago, .where he called on my brother
Michael the same day, which was two
weeks ago to-day. He asked my brother
whether I would consider a proposition of
that kind. My brother told him that ho
did not know anything about it, but would
ask me to come to Chicago and talk 1he
matter over, although he did not believe
that I would consider it. That afternoon
I received a telegram from my brother
acklng if I could come over, and I replied
that I would be over there in the morn
ing.. I left here on the afternoon train
and on reaching Chicago learned what
had transpired at that end of the line.- I
arrived home on Thursday and the letter
from Elgin was here awaiting me. The
letter was signed and gave directions how
a reply should be addressed to reach the
writer at Elgin. I do not wish to make
that public, as .'assurances were given
that I would not. and that the party could
submit such a proposition as he desired
to make.
"So far as the offer Is concerned it has
been rejected. I refused absolutely and
unqualifiedly to consider, it and am deter
mined to prosecute this search as vigor
ously as I know how.- That is what we
started out to do, and I feel as If I would
follow those men to the end of the earth.
I realize that this means $46,000 and that
is a sum that is certainly an object to any
man. no matter what may be his means.
As I feel about the matter I would spend
ray last thousand dollars rather than com
promise with the criminals. I am desirous
of having them punished for what they
have done and to deter any other daring
gang from compelling other parents to un
dergo what we have undergone."
Mysterious Agent Offers
\to Return Coin to
Cudahy.
KIDNAPERS FEAR
THEIR PURSUERS
The act lasts about twenty minutes, and
during that time everything on the stage,
except the Agousts themselves, has taken
a serifs of trips through the air. And
when it is all over, the Agousts adjourn
to an old fashioned restaurant and rest
up on one of the tame meals San Fran
cisco has baea raised on.
The Agoust selected to receive these
china tokens of appreciation seems well
able to take care of all the plates guests
and fellow waiters are able to send him.
They send them with a rush. They all
throw together and repeat the perform
ance with the speed and precision of a
well regulated rapid-fire battery. In spite
of a badly burned hand, the result of
catching a lighted lamp by the business
end, the receiving Agoust picks the mis
siles out of the air and deposits them on
a side table, presumably for the next din
ner party.
ticularly exciting throw all the plates
within reach.
Manila Bay, where by destroying the
Spanish ships the brave sailorman madq
Mayday famous, will dwindle away, into
insignificance. According to the Agoust
plan, instead, of black coffee and Iiquer3,
the finishing touch to a dinner party is
the bombardment of the head waiter. In
stead of giving him a tip you throw him
a plate, and if the dinner has been par
:
MEALS Agoust Rtyle" promises
to be the vogue just as soon
as the waiter fraternity has
settled Its little trouble with
the man behind the cash regis
ter. Novelty is the spice of life, and the
Apcusts have introduced at the Orpheum
about the spiciest thing in the way of
Patrons of the Orpheum Are ' Enthusiastic Over the Novel and
Sensational Performance of the Agousts, Who Send the Different
Courses, From Soup to Black Coffee, by the Air Route
28 "
Baldwin Asks for. Protection.
MANILA, April 30.— The trial of Cap
tain James C. Reed, ex-depot commis
sary at Manila, charged with soliciting
and receiving bribes and with other offi
cial misconduct, which began 1 yesterday,
was continued to-d4y and was fiercely
contested.' -U .. ¦" «&"* >-¦ ' ' -"'¦¦¦ * .'>'"--- i- ¦
Thomas Harries, "a bookkeeper of the
firm of Robinson & -Macondray. testified
that Robinson paid Captain Reed $881.
The firm's books contained entries to that
effect. . • .
Fred Macondray testified that he ar
ranged to . give Captain Reed 10 per cent
commission on sales of vegetables fur
nished to transports.
Barry Baldwin, formerly United States
Marshal for California and now mana
ger of the Macondray Company. ' before
testifying made a statement to the court:
He said that attempts had been made to
intimidate him, and he asked for the pro
tection of the court. . - . . , . J -
Baldwin testified to having a $220,000 beef
contract. Captain Reed came to his office
and claimed there -were slight shortages
in the beef deliveries, on account of which
Mr. Baldwin gave Captain Reed $345.
Adjutant General Garlington ) testified
that Captain Reed said Major Davis was
short 14,500pounds of beef. He admitted
receiving money from Mr. Baldwin, but
said the sum lie received would be applied
tc the beef shortage.
"Will Investigate Townley.
WASHINGTON. April 30.— The Navy
Department has decided to take steps im
mediately to ascertain the facts as to the
connection of- Lieutenant Townley with
the army scandals in Manila developed by
his testimony before the court martial
yesterday. Admiral Remey being absent
from the station, an order will go for
ward to Admiral ¦Kfi.mnff directing a re
port and probably a court of inquiry im
mediately.
MANILA, April 30.— General Tlnio, with
his entire comnpand, surrendered April 20
to Captain :< Frederick V. Krug of the
Twentieth Infantry,; at Sinait, province of
South' Iloco. . j. - , '¦ . .'
The report that General Alejandriho has
surrendered is confirmed.' He was looked
upon^as the possible successor of Apul
naldo. \ Padre Aglipay, the excommuni
cated • Filipino priest/: who preached the
doctrine of a holy war against the United
States, has also surrendered.
Captain John B. McDonald," with twen
ty rone men of the Third Cavalry; recently
attacked sixty insurgent ! riflemen and
forty bolomen in the mountains of Abra
Province. The insurgents were defeated.
Captain McDonald was • wounded in the
lungs and a private was killed.
The surrenders of Baldomero Aguinaldo
end Pedro Aguinaldo, relatives of General
Emilio Aguinaldo, are expected shortly.
• Importance of Surrenders.
"WASHING f ON. April 30.— Two important
cablegrams were received to-day at the
War Department from General MacArthur
at Manila.' In the opinion of the officials
the news contained in them marks the al
most complete collapse of organized re
bellion in the Philippines. The cable
grams are as follows: *
"General Tlnio surrendered with -his
command to-day at Sinait. He will deliver
all men and guns in his command as soon
as t^iey can be gathered together. This
completely pacifies the first department.
Northern Luzon, for many months the
worst in Luzon. " Colonels Ciprlano Calloa
and Gregorio Katlbac, Malvars' best of
ficers, surrendered to Colorjel Kline at
Lipa on April 28 with 23 officers, 108 men
and 86 rifles.',' .
Tinio'is said here to have been, with Ale
iandrino,'one of the highest officers in the
insurrectionary force. He was in command
in Northern Luzon during the famous
chase after Commander Glllmore.
Malvars, whose colonels surrendered to
Kline, was also one of the best-known
Filipino leaders. He 'was Lawton's moot
formidable foe rnd commanded the insur
rectos at the fight at Zapote River, the
most serious battle fought in the Philip
pines. He has confined his operations to
Southern Luzon, which never has been
completely subjugated, and Lipa, where
the surrender occurred, has long been one
of the principal insurgent' arsenals.
- ¦ It is said at the "War Department by of
ficers recently back from the Philippines
that there now remains in the field in
Luzon only one chief whom they are par
ticularly desirous of catching, namely,
Cair.es, the head hunter. This man' has
violated every rule of warfare, and it is
not expected that he will be taken alive.
Later the following cable message, dated
to-day at Manila, was received from Gen
eral MacArthur announcing several other
important surrenders in the Philippines:
¦ "Juan- and Bias Villamos, leaders of
Abret, surrendered at Bangued April- 27;
now engaged in assembling scattered com
mands;,- delivered arms. . Aglipay, ex
pres5dent.. leader of Ilocos Norte, . prov
ince of Luzon, surrendered at Lacag April
Barry Baldwin Testifies He
Was Held Up by Reed and
Asks for.' Protection.
CLEVER JUGGLERS INTRODUCE A NEW
STYLE OF SERVING MEALS AT TABLE
MORGAN GAINS
COSTLY STOCK
Leyland Steamship Line
Contract Is. An-
' LONDON', April 30.— A circular was Is
sued to-day by Chairman Ellerman of the
I,eyland line in which Is the contract with
J. Pierpont Morgan for the sale of his
entire holdings, of ordinary shares in ths
steamship line— namely. 71.000 shares at
£14 10a per share for each £10 share, and
announcement that Morgan agrees to pur
chase on similar terms all ordinary shares
offered before May 26.
Holders of a great majority of the ordi
nary shares have, according to the cir
cular, intimated to Ellerman that they
will avail themselves of the offer of Mor
gan, and the" effect will be that the pur
chasers will become owners of practically
all the ordinary shares of the , American
corporation at a cost of upward of £1.
750,000. Ellerman. binds himself not to. en-
Rage either directly or indirectly In the
North Atlantic trade -' either with the
United. Kingdom or the Continent, except
between Antwerp ¦ and" • Montreal, for -a
term of fourteen years on condition that
the purchasers, sell "him the Mediterran
ean. Portugal and Montreal fleets and the
bUFiness connected therewith. -
Ellerman adds that he proposes to re
tain his entire holding in preferred shares,
amounting to over £180,000," and hia codi
reclors will retain all their preferred hold
ings,' amounting to . £120.000. ' Ellerman
also offers to buy any preferred shares at
par and their accrued interest.
A circular- issued l by the secretary of
the T>eyland line accompanies Ellerman's
circular. -It explains that the directors,
including* Ellerman, hold £886.680- out of
£1 200,000 of the ordinary share capital and
£314.900 out of £1.415.000- of the preferred
capital. . Several of the directors also con
trol a large amount of other .shares and
all- the directors intend to vote in support
of Ellerman's arrangements. The. secre
tary.adds: ¦ ' '¦- , : . "V '- ..'. ' . .
"It Is anticipated that practically all the
ordinary shareholders will accept the of
fer,, and" the effect will be that the Mor
gans will get £1.200,000 ordinaries at a cost
of over £1.750,000."
A meeting of the shareholders has been
called for May 7. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ' WEDNESDAY, MAYl,; 1901.
GENERAL TINIO
HAS GIVEN UP
Surrenders His i Entire
Command to the
Americans.
5
C0MPAONIE GENERAL H ' TBANSATLANTIQCS
DIRECT LINE TO HA VRE-PARia 1*^-
Sailing ewry Thursday, instead or
Saturday, at ; 10 a. m.. from Pier 42,
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $25 and upward.'- Second class to
Ha.vre.'.$43 and. upward.' GENERAL -AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 3!
rtroadway (Hudson buUcUne) ¦ N«w York. J F
FUGAZI & CO.. Pactfle Coast A rents. 5 Mont-
Kompry avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
•II Railroad Ticket Acea»«. . -/
BAUOUR. OUTHRIK & CO.. Gen. Aicentn.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO;
CIA SUD A«*ER1C 'NX E VAPO^ c .~
,To Valparaiso. ¦ stopping ' at Mexican. Central
and South Amprican -ports. Sailing Fremont-
Rtreet wharf, ,12 m. ¦
PERU .May. ti PALEJf A .......Mav 30
GUATEMALA -.May 15 ' LOA ..:_ .June 12
These steamer- are built expressly for Central
and South American -passenger, service." (N,^
chanpe at Aeapuloo or Panama.) Freight and
passeneer office. 316 California street.
Dr. Sanden's ELEGTRIG BELT
My latest invention, the Dr. Sanden Herculex . Body Battery 'iqoi
Model, with suspensory, « cures weak men. .results of youthful errors, ,1m-
¦ potency, ' Nervousness, Lame Back, Varioocele, etc. Other attachments
used by women as "rell for Rheumatism. Stomach, Bladder Troubles, etc.
'. •' Herculex',' is worn comfortably around the ,waist at night, curing while
you sleep. .Great improvement over ordinary electric belts, though I still
make, the regular Dr. Sanden Electric '* Belt (imitated by others) and,
; either that'or niy new; •• Herculkx" will be sent to sufferers on ? sixty." days'
: ' FREE TRIAL WITHOUT ONE CENT IN ADVANCE OR OITDKrOSIT. "Call personally
'atrny office for free consultation or, write to-day sending' symptoms. My *
N -> 'descriptive book sent seated, free by mail.'.; ]
V DR. VA.; SANDEN. -6-0* Farrell Street, San Francisco," ' Cala.
. Office Hours, 9 to 6; ,Wcd. aud Sat.. Evenings until 9. Sundays to to 1.
THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
K ¦ ' ¦:¦¦ ¦ " ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ : • - • ¦ $
I Wednesday Special Sales* i
| $27.50 and Big Silk Bargain. f
| IPf $30.00 Eton SilKs worth from 65c to $125 per yard for 49c j;
** 1 * n Printed foulards and India silks in. pretty floral de- •?
** / /^^L\\ ' »*» wSS"©jr s'gns, 3" of this season's productions ; 900 yards of these •*
Ii / j lag \ $£^&1& &Zfi * n suc^ c^°' cc colorings as old rose, gobelin, blue, pur- &
H . / /\ iS Ii : '-. \ ple» reseda, brown, red, navy, tan, etc., silks that arc X
% \\ \1 I * ° vcr ~° st)1 " in this s F cc!al Iot ' on '' y 2 popular, silks that will give good wear, silks that arc J»
* \J^»n . or 3 cf a style but all are the very best regularly 65c and 7 ?c per yard ; also a few broken ?
& - ' ySr^' ¦ . effectEtons, and a 1 the newest an! best ,. 6 , 7 r -\y • • u u vj l j \. «
5 :-: Yfr ; - 1 _ , colors and all si KS; regularly f 27. 50 Imcs of fancy silks m stripes, checks and brocade, th.at J
j^ ff ' and $30; to-day and to-morrcw sold regularly for 85c,' $I.OO, $1.25 «
&* only; 4a^^5^ £502 per yard ; these two lines on special m^ jj
JC \ m§J&&m*ff1& sale to-day (Wednesday) ®'" •*
J» j A k - onlv ' ¦ Jp Jtt&L^ °5
g y78^s#\ &ewingai!l*& whSsk Brooms So. ¦ mmk I
tf /// \ \ 5 ;o Jarg: spools of bsst quality black* These are good gradC( u-bch, doubls stitched $WMMW*\ X
K ¦ / / • ¦ ~ \ SeW ' n ? ?ilK '' m * ZeS A> B) C ' Cach wh!sk brooms ; gojd quality, full stock, plush p[0Mm\*A\ "*
£» V- // '£ •/ spool is marked factory end and may eap . ;f bought in ths regu'ar way could not KSWUmMm^ •*
ft & 4^ } 'ave a few joinings; the special sale beso'.dfcr less than 15c; we. have secured " BMMWMiWblM. M
K K r'« tp-day (Wednes- 750 of them at a price which enables us Q «Wffl(|M %
* - , <fey) only.... .'. £x%JPILp to say, special Wedne- day only, each...- *»C '^^ .<»
*" — ~~ ¦ ¦'. ..' — 1 ' : ~~~~ ; ~ ¦ .': -. .'. -. '• . ¦ ¦ .¦ .^ . . *
I 55 Go-GaMs $3,75 ' Miilinery Safe, Grocery Specials. Z
it Two mctheri who faw thfs: nice Go-Carls at .tr^frS^Si Tomatoes — Go.den Ru!e Brand; ' to-day onlv, V
£[ th- reduced pi i;e during Monday sale as>ed 3 tins .-. \.21O**
jjl* us if w; could not repeat th: offer the firit of //^SlE^Kw^S? s^ Coffee — Our regular 35c Java and "J
i* the month, jo on sale the/ go again. We /v^5Q^^^^ Mocha; none better at any price; to-day on'y, jf
?. have enough of them left probab'v to la t y\gk^^/g^^J ptr pound '..". . .'. -23 O J*
j^ throughout the day a*, the price. The bo:i:s Apricots, Pears. Plums or Blackberries— A •*
fc* .are of oak, and they ar; supplied whh a !ju t- ~&fi& **Jd s'andard quali^r of table i'ruirs; regular y 3 %
J*' able foot rest, p'a'n tires, patent hubs, ste=l 5^^« r ; i tins for 50c; -en special sale Wednesday on'y, X
?. " wheels and foot bra'ce comolcte. A Go- Cart i^^^k. V^^v * 2 tins..-. .. 25O &
£ that retails regularly for $5.00, 7~K 0' „ Washing Soda — a^Jbs./ 25O «
H to-dav only £fi3i» I iS (fT^SSf^i^^^S^^^^ Evaporated Apples — New White A'.den: "3
J. $7.75 Recking Go-Carts $5 95-T^ \^^>^i^^^-uW clean, high-class goods; regularly loclb;. to- .«
.j» ''new sty'.e reclining back and foot rest that ; day onlv, 4 lbs 25O •*
mW W& llflltll ~ S0£&*§$^ |
* Curtain Sg^S'ill^M^^ Liquor Specials, j
tf and during the week, at *rw Wednesday only $U QQ «l
J OnV-QuaPtet* Off_ $1.25, $LSO Panama Hals 98c— just Liebig's Malt Tonic— Regularly 12.40 a dozen; x
K. Out* flBCJUtSiP PpiCGSm' * Hke picture above; two styles ; nice white to-iay on'y $1*75 &
*£ The as : oitment includes Brussc's Lace, Irish fine . straw, Panama st/le, black ban's, two White Label Stout — McMullen's — the best 'J
K Point, Arabian, Battenb:rg, and Point dc Ca'a's widths, well lined; regu'arly $1.25 #»«_ *cioney can buy; rcgular'.y $2.10 a doztn; to- \
% curtains. : * and $1.50 ; to-day cn'.y «3©C day $1.90 J*
jf ___ — ; ; : . . — _ : ; ; : ; : J
t. Carpet Remnant SaSe This Week. S
«C Our splendid Carpet trade of ihe last few months has produced a very large accumula- ";
| tfon of short lengths of all kinds of -Carpeting, ranging from 15 to 60 yards each. To'*
«? close them out at once prices have been reduced 25 per cent, and the sale which began x
$ Monday .will continue until closing time Saturday night. * % H
tf Ingrain Carpets — Wcrth 50c p:r yarl: now Axmirster Ca'pets — Rich deep pic Carpets, Extra Quality Tapestry — Worth 5i.co ter "<I
%' ¦ .37'4C torders to match; Persian, Oriental and floral )ard; now /. .75O 5
l£ Vilton Velvet Carpets— All-wco', beautKul effects; worth $1.40 per yard; now.. $1 O5 Body Brussels -A heavy, dnrab'e, $1.40 p^r
•f and effective des : gns ; worth $1.25 per a a-d ; Tap:stry Brussels — Worth 60 cents per vari; jard quality, with loriers to mat,h : now.;. "«
H now .... . . ..... ..^ 94C now. v 45c ..... • $1,05 &
X LinotsuetiS—Mzdc of the finest quality of piilveriztd cork and linseed oi 1 , well se:soned, in a large as- gSfkg^ •*
JC sortment ot handsome tiled patterns ; per square yard *S%2& j*
We have in stock a largi assortment of Wilton Rugs, in.many'd iFerent styles and beautiful color effects—^some of '^
% the prettiest patterns that we havi ev:r sc:n in Wiltoa Rugs — which we offcr'at exceptionally low prices. £j
$*— — ' i : — — ¦ ! ¦ : • S*
Jv ... . . " _j , - : - .-. W'--%i , ft
K Shampoo and ToHot'j^fim'flr WWw§r^$m&mm umm Sei/ "9 Books: ¦<
6 Soap Ft**:e to every purchaser ggj 1 " j "The Octopus" (Ncrris). . $1 2O }x
fc 1 of Coke's Dandruff" Cur- to-day." 8^ Eg™*^ &T%4l " V*isit3 of E' : zaVe:h" SI 2 1 '~
&VThis scap is wonderfully good for th: |P^ gno2tfl&Ilf&BlIe 1%&JZ2U&X\ "~ ™ " L : ke Anoth:r.H:Ien".....$/ 29 ''
JC ha r and scalp. ; # , CAUFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE "Cardinal's Snuff Box" .... $1,2 J yt
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
> V Ste'amers leave Broadway
- *). wharf. San Francisco: I'i*
t«»^-_ For Alaskan i>orts— 11 a. m.,
»?*P!5tx Ma y *¦ 6 - "• 1S - S1 - 26 - 31 -
MHjJTOj^v Tune ii. Change to company" 3
1 G«rp"i5iV3^ steamers at Seattle.
BH^Irra Fcr Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i S*fe?vi?Q%i C.), Port Tov.-nsend. Seattle,
¦ i^^S^?^? racoma, Kverett, Anacortes
"¦ » and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
-*"* 11 a. m.. May 1. S. 11. 16. 21.
C6. 31. June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Rv.; at Seattle or.Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.. May
3. 8, 13. 18. 23. 28, June 2, and every fifth day
thereafter. - • ¦
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
g e iP 8 )_Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Pert Harford (San I.uis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. t=an Pedro,
Kast San Pedro (Los . Anreles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m.: steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada, Maftdalena Bay. San .To)><» del
Cabo. MaJ-atlan. Altata. Lax Paz. SantR Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. '
For furthsr information obtain company s
folders.
The comrany reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
wlthoi:t previous nntlre.
TICKKT OKFICE —4 New Montgomery
street. (Palace Hotel*.
GOODALL, PRPKINS * CO.. Gen. Airts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEAN jraAVEl*
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast. Steamship Co.
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
i Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR A-
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The' Srnator made five trips to Nome la«i
year, belnsr one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
Io5». mishap or, material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery utreet.
COODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. ARts..
* 10 Market street.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
For Nome
i And St. Michael.
Sallinc Dates Approximate Only.
From San Francisco: From Seattle:
•"Dora" May 1 May 7.
"ConemauKh" ..May E June 10.
"Portland" May 2S ;
"St. Paul" June II June S.
•"Dora" will sail via Juneau. Valilez. Kodl*k,
Unga and Unalaska.
For rates «f paasage. freight and other par-
ticulars apply to .. .'
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL. CO..
219 Sansomc «t., San FrancUca
AMERICAN LINE.
::zw 70'K. sfuiK»irPT<r». to^os. ?A2:3.
Stoppir.? at Cherbourc. westbound
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a m
Ft. Paul May SI St. Paul Mav «¦»
St. Louis May IV St. Louis :Jun« "s
New York May 22* New Tork June 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York anr« Antwem.
Frcm New York Every TTednesdey 12 nom
Frlesland :.May S| Kensington Mn»"*»
Pouthwark May 15 Zealand ........ .Tun* .1
Tennland \ May *2 Fri^land .Tune 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION COMPANY
• , CHAS. I>. TAYLOR. I
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R.R.S^"^
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DISECI.
Caftin. $103: ] Steerage. 9 to."
S.S. Arfiyli sails Saturd iy. .May II
S. S. — — sails Monday, May 2t>
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monhy. June 3
From llarrison-st. 'Wharf. 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger efflce. 330 JUrk^t st..
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Aggnt.
BAYJlND BIVEB : STEAHER3.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AMD VALUJ3.
Steamer .*• Montfcello." *
MON.. TUES.. WED.. THURS. AND PAT.. '
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Ttaurv
day night); Fridays,. 1 p. m. and %:Z>>: Sundays.
10:30 a.m..: 8 d. m. Landing? and office. Mia-
sion-st. Dock. Pier Ko. 3. Telephone Main 1.".n<
fffiySTlfrtr
O. R. & N. CO,
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to r-11
prints East. Through fcketn to all
points, all rttV «" «te«rps*iio and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Ticket* Include Berth «tnd M*a1a.
SS. COLUMBIA Salla Apr. 13. 23. May S
ES. GEO. W. KL.DKR.Sall» Apr. 8. 18. 2S. May S
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
1 Montromery *t.. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS VTlhh LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Klrst *nfl Brannan street*, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Iliogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with . uteamers for
India, etc. No carso received on board on day
of caillnr.
SR. NIPPON' MARU Friday. May J. 1901
PS. AMERICA MARIT..W«Jnesday. May *». ISOt
SP. HONGKONG MARTI.. Saturday. Jun* 22. IWt
Round-trip tickets at -reduced- rates. For
freight anrl passage apply »t company'* office.
421 Market street. com»r First.
W. H. AVKRT. General Ac«ut.
SS. SIERRA (via. Honolulu) for Sarnca.
New Zealand and Australia ,'
. ,.. Thursday. May. 9, 10 a.m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only) ...*....
.Saturday, May IS, 2 p. rrC
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
i Sunday, June. 30. at 4 p. m.
J. D.SPHECXELS & BROS. GO., Bsseral Agents. 327 Hartet SI
Sw'l Passsno?r 6fSa, 643 UirM St.. fnr Kn. 7. Paaifi: StA -CHANCE TO: SMILE-
The following was ; actually overheard
on a streetcar yesterday: * • - > .
"Who is this man Marshall -they're
making, so much fuss about, anyway?"
"Chief Justice of the United States."
"Go- .way! Fuller 13 Chief Justice."
"Oh,- Marshal isn't, Chief Justice, now.
He's .dead.'.' - • • ¦ ' .
"When did. he. die? I didn't see'any
thing about it in the papers."
"Qh, it was a good while ago, I* guess.
I don't know just when." .
"Funny what fellows they pick out to
make a fuss about, isn't It?"
And then they began talking about
something else.— Chicago Post.
"What are you staring at. Nellie?"
"Oh. please, ma'am, with your hair Ilka
that and your diamonds, you do look so
like Lady Plantaganet Gingham that I
was own maid to! Are you any relation,
ma'am?" "No— at least, no near relation.
But you can have that pink silk shirt
waist of mine, Nellie."— Life.
"You must push matters a • little.
James," said a chemist to his new boy;
"by calling a customer's attention to this
article and that article, you often effect
"Yes, sir," responded the new boy and
then he hastened to wait upon an elderly
person who wanted a stamp. "Anything
else mum?" Inquired the ambitious boy.
politely; "hair dye. cosmetic, face pow
der, rheumatic drops, belladonna, mole
°Th° elderly lady deals over the way
now-— Tid-Bits.
MOST of the warnings of. the time, come from'
Great Britain, where the people for good and
sufficient reasons have ' had their attention
turned to dangers ahead. With their' coal- supply
diminishing in » quantity and increasing in the cost of
production, their trade menaced by rivalry^ of: vigor
cus nations like the United States and Germany, and
their taxes, increasing, it is not strange they should
begin to take note of other conditions in an effort to
forecast where the next blow, will fall.
. One of the forecasts of coming trouble is based
upon the diminishing supply of timber in the world.
An experienced forester has informed the British pub
lic there is no doubt whatever of an approaching tini-'
ber famine. In reviewing his statement "the West-,
minster Gazette says:; ''If it was not for the foreign
supplies, we receive, a timber famine would have over
taken this country long ago, because our home-grown
supply has not been able to -meet .-a 'tithe: of. the de
mand for. long enough, and that only of inferior kinds
of timber. If the foreign supply of fir alone was to
fall off sensibly now, the whole building. trade of. the
country .would come to a .partial standstill, and our.
wagon companies would. be next', to idle. .The great
consumers of, what ' used to be called ship-timber' are
now railway-carriage, and wagon builders, who alone
absorb most -of the best, hard woods to an extent ex
ceeding anything known when ships were built of
timber." ¦- ..'••.';';- \v\ : "vvvV v '/^ ¦:•¦.:.;• - : :
! The * modetn , world is' indeed rapidly consuming;
timber." The lumberman isjrio longer .the sole, de
stroyer. • -An enormous quantity of woodis 'riqw used
every year inlthe production. of charcoal. and of pulp
for making paper, and'fbe'demand for wood for, such
purposes .increases rapidly. -Evidently the common^
wealth that permits; its foresti.tb.be wasted by^careless
lumbering • or swept • away .by .fires is sadly neglectful
of its wealth. We are ; now. so/ prosperous and have
so much wood in sight we can hardly perceive ahead
any, danger of a coming timber^ famine; it' is therefore,
"worth our while to pay attention" to • the warning that
comes ; from Great Britain. - California can * no v more
reasonably. boast. of having forests to burn'than'rnoney,
to burn: ,: ..
A TIMBER FAMINE.
AT a recent meeting of the Wholesale Seeds
men's League in New York there were made
concerning the distribution of free seed by the
Government a series of charges that should be
promptly investigated. The charges are to the effect
that the seeds furnished to, the Government on the
April contract do npt accord with the specifications
in either quality or 'quantity. The league declares:
First— The specific varieties of seeds indicated in the
printed specifications of the 27th of January, 1900, -have
not been supplied, but very common and very cheap
sorts substituted, this giving the contractor great ad
vantages. • • ¦ .
Second— No varieties whatever are named on the
printed packets,' only the words "A selected variety,"
this giving the contractor great advantages. ' .
Third The stipulated weights named in the specifica
tions ol the 27th of January, 1900, have not been given,
but reduced' quantities— from 10 to 50 per cent less than
the specifications, this giving the contractor great ad
vantages.
Fourth— Because of other irregularities which can be
named, giving 1 the contractor extraordinary advantages
for enormous profits. r : ' ' .
By reason of the variations from the terms of the'
contract it is claimed the contractor could sublet his
bargain with the Government for, one-half the sum
"he is to receive, and the taker even at that figure
could make money out of it. Among the details
given to support the charge that the packages which
have been issued are below weight are these:^ "Pack
ages of cucumber, seed^were to run 80 to the pound.
Those weighed "run 104 to the pound. Onion seed,
which should run 96 to the pound,- takes 106; peas,'
which should run 160 to the bushel, run 304, and sweet
corn packages take 290 to . the bushel where they
should take -only 60. Packages marked, with the
names of high-priced . tobacco seeds contain only
cheap vegetable seeds, u while -jndne • sho^ys.' contents,
such as were called for by the printed list upon them."
iTlffthe charges be true the Department of Agricul
ture has to confront a grave scandal, and an • investi
gation is imperative^ The members of the league
are business men of high standing. It is known that
most of t! em are opposed tefhe free distribution of
seed by the Government,' but that does not. affect. the,
nature of their charges. Such specific allegations of
fraud, coming from 3uch a source and 1 accompanied
by details showing how the frauds are ; perpetrated,
cannot be ignored.
There would be no. lokato the country if the charflrea
INVESTIGATION NEEDED.
CORONADO TENT CITY. Coronado B«acn.
Cal., will be the popular summer resort this
reason. It became famous last year for com
fort, entertainment and health. Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the flsWns unexcelled.
The failure of agriculture in Elaine has led. the
farmers of that State to. try breeding Angora
goats on a large scale, and one enthusiast insists. that
"a profit can be -made -by the sale of goat's milk! in
opposition to the dairy combine; so by and by we
nay hear of the utility. of the goat in the butter, busi-
Uncle soldiers who are being discharged
from service in this city are earning the unenviable
reputation of being cheats who dishonor the bills con
tracted in San Francisco. It might be well for the
military authorities to save their commands from a
stigma placed upon them by a few troopers who have
not yet recovered from the looting habit.
THE salary of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States is $10,500, and the
Associate Justices get $10,000.
Their position is the most important in the Govern
ment, and their work the hardest that is performed
in any office in the country. Upon them rests the
nnal responsibility of the constitutional administration
of the Government, and with them is the final deci
sion that determines the extent to which every man's
rights are protected or affected by the Federal con
stitution. By reason of our system of government
they constitute not only the most important but the
hardest worked judicial body that has ever existed in
thp. world. By reason ol our plan of written consti
tutions their work is the most important ever de
i:!-nded of the judicial mind. They have in keeping
the vital principle of our government. They are its
primordial germ. They are the fountain from which
its vigor is constantly renewed. If the rest of the
G'.Aernraent were to vanish to-morrow, so far as its
vis'ble and physical bocy is concerned, the rights of
all men and their constitutional protection would
neither lapse nor weaken.
In view of their labors and responsibilities their
compensation is painfully out of proportion.
Compared with the salaries paid local /officers in
New York and other large cities the Supreme Court
Justices are treated moil niggardly. In New York
City the City Comptroller gets $55,000 a year, the "City
Chamberlain $15,000, the corporation counsel
$15,000. The Mayor gets $15,000, and his secretary
S5000. The second assistant corporation counsel gets
50C3O. The city Supreme Court Justices get $17,500,
two surrogates get $15,000, and their clerk $8500.
Put these salaries alongside the $10,000 paid to
its Supreme Court Justices by the United States, and
it is difficult to find any tenable reason for the dif
ference in compensation.
Lawyers are not often rich. While they make good
iees they are not good investors, for the reason that
their profession absorbs them in attention to the busi
ness of their clients, and they have no time left for
their own. The better lawyer a man is the less likely
is he to be rich, because he has no time. It is given
to his clients, and the resulting fees seldom get
planted where they produce much.
No rich man has ever sat on the bench of the' Su
preme Court. We believe that not one of the pres
ent Justices is able to cwn a home in Washington,
and they nearly all, including the Chief Justice, eke
<rst their salaries by delivering lectures in the various
law colleges of the country.
It is a condition not creditable to the country. The
position requires ability of a high order and honor
impeccable. No man without these c/sentials has
ever reached that bench or ever will.
Yet every one who sits there now feels every day in
the year the pinch of an inadequate salary. They must
discharge ¦ certain social obligations, and the salary
precludes the possibility of saving anything for their
families. The family of. Chief Justice Tariey was left
in absolute poverty, and the funeral expenses of Chief
Justice Waite exhausted the savings that he had been
ab!e to accumulate, so inadequate were they.
Yet Roger 'B. Taney had worthily succeeded John
Marshall, at the head of that great court, and Waite,
ss' leader of the American case before the Geneva
conference, had won 515.000,060 from England for his
countrymen.
It i= time to cease a. niggardly' policy which keeps
. these Justices living on a pittance when compared
with the labor and responsibility it requires, and
quite time to see^to it that no more of them'die.in
poverty and leave families to charity, as Taney did.
Congress will have the approval ol the country in
doubling the compensation of the members of tha*
court.
UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT
SALARIES.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TO COILRESFONTJTOrrS. — Answers to uueiles
sent to this department »re sent In as torn as
obtained and they appear in print in the order
that they are turned In. as space will permit.
Questions are easily asked, but answers ar«
not easily obtained In every Instance, so 12
correspondents do not see the answer two or
threo days after th*y send In the query they
ihould not feel disappointed.
TAPE WORM-C. R.. Golden Gate. Cal.
The proper way to remove a tape worm 1*
to employ a reputable physician. '
¦WAR— J. Z., City. There are some who
hold that treachery and forgery may be
considered strategical in war, on the
ground that "all Is fair In love ana war."
FIVE-FRANC PIECE— J. W. C. Lar
kln, Cal. The piece described In the letter
of inquiry is a 5-franc piece of the reign
of Louis Philippe. The price that dealers
ask for such a coin is. from $1 75 to %Z 50,
acording to state of preservation.
MME. MELBA— H. ' A. W.. Oakland.
Cal. Nellie Armstrong (nee Mitchell),
known in the lyric world as Mme. Melba,
was born In Melbourne, Australia. Her
father was Scotch and her mother of
Spanish descent. In - 1S63 she married
Charles, youngest son of Sir Andrew
Armstrong. The published biographies of
Mme. Melba do not give the occupation of
her father.
BUILDING IN CASINO— J. C. City.
The following rule from Hoyle. shows, that
players- in casino cannot build from the
table:. "A player cannot build from the
table. For instance, if a seven and two
are upon the table and the player puts
an ace on the seven, calling eight, hi3
opponent cannot employ the two upon
the table to build it up to ten." Apply
this rule to tS^. facts of the case given
In the letter, of Tnfluiry and you will see
that B had no right to take the five from
the table to increase his opponent's build.
CALrFORosnAsrs in itew yoek.
.NEW YORK, April 30.— The following
Calif ornlans are in New York:
From San Francisco— C. M. Armlstead
at Herald Square; "W. Ellery. at Astor:
J. J. Gottlob and wife,* at Holland; J. Hy
man ana wife, at Savoy; E. J. Lawton, TV.
H. McDonald, at Herald Square; T. C.
Finley. at Bartholdl; Miss Lincoln, Mrs. J.
Lincoln, at Albemarle; L. Schenck, at
Imperial; Mrs. R. C. Swaze, at Park Av
enue; W. F. Klein, at St. Denis; J. P.
Murray, at Navarre; J. "W. Nelson, at
Herald Square.
From Los Angeles— H. D. Barlln, "W. P.
Nott, at Herald Square; B. L. Harding, at
Imperial.
From San Diego — U. S. Grant Jr., at
Fifth Avenue.
THE BOUNTIFUL -RAINS.
urban people.
REPORTS from all parts of -the -Sta.te where rain
has fallen tell of jubilant farmers' and orchard
ists. Indeed the people : of ;&&,, towns + and
cities are about as glad as the cultivators "of jthe fields..
Good crops; in the country mean>good. business 'for
merchants and manufacturers, and [accordingly^.the re
joicing in the rural districts is fuily shared* by the
• Rain at this, season may npt; fully make up'for'the
diyness of the early spring, >b'ut none; the .less it is
doing an- immense amount of^go.od.- It -supplies the
needed moisture to crops of all. kinds, and even those
orchardists who have had themisfortuneto lose their
truit by the frosts can still 'note with, satisfaction that
the rains will benefit *he trees, will make '.lighter and
easier the work of cultivation, and thus; effect a con
siderable saving in the orchard expenses,-
• To those who have fruit >¦ the/ rains are . worth" an
incalculable amount. : Tho,.moisture comes ¦ at the right
time to promote the growth- of -the. fruit and to de
velop it so that the crop , r \vill be . of large size and
luscious juiciness. Of this, rain it may be said lit
erally "there's millions in it." It has not only saved
money for all who have any kind of cultivation to do
at this season, but it will add to the revenues that are
to come in from every kind of fruit and grain that is
grown lin the State. .-..'. . . ¦
A minor but by no means unimportant result of the
rain at this time is the freshness which it will give to
the landscape in time fc the President's visit. Our
distinguished visitors will see' California at its best.
The whole land will blossom like a garden/and every
body will be in a fitting mood to join in the festi
vals that the President's tour will occasion at every
place where he stops. t
. California has suffered much from the frosts of the
spring, but 'the rains will go' far toward making up
the loss. We are a much richer people than we would
have been had the showers been slight andrestricted
instead of being profuse and widespread. Once more
therefore' we have occasion to be thankful for the'fit
ness of our weather to the needs of industry. . In the
East the spring has been marked by excessive storms
that have given .rise to floods, which in many instance's
have proven destructive not only to farm crops but
to bridges and factories. They have had to suffer
while we have had clear benefits from the rain. Cali
fo-nia is all right.' v
Professors .of the University of ; California are
sounding a warning against, the.; employment of -"po
litical professors"- in the institution. Recent devel
opments in collegiate -affairs at Berkeley,': taken-. in ?
conjunction! with -the warning, indicate^that'the 'Re-j
gents are looking for, a new' faculty. -v?.^ •'.. ''•'' %" •'¦)¦¦'¦
PERSONAL MENTION.
¦W. H. Anderson of Los Angeles Is at the
A. Brown, a vineyardlst of Milttfn, Is at
1 P F. C Erown. an oil man of Hollister, is
at the Lick. ,^/v '¦¦ v • .
S. Frankenheimer and wife of Stockton
are at the Palace.
T. W. Sheehan of Sacramento is staying
at the 'Occidental.
Ex-Assemblyman C. B. JUson of Horn
brook is at the Grand. ".
Jule3 Call, a merchant of Newman, 13
reslstered at the Lick. ~
A. Hannon, a mining man from Lodl. la
registered at the Palace.
G. W. Beecher, a mining man of King
man, Ariz., is at the Grand.
iCaptaln Henry Glass of ths United
Sb.tes navy Is at the Palace.
Ex-Mayor C. A. Storke of Santa Bar
bara Is staying at the Grand. -;
W. H. Routledge, a mining man of
Olita, is stopping at the Lick.
H D Chandler, a merchant of Vaca
ville, registered at the Lick yesterday.
R..V. Blakeslee, a merchant of Healds
burg. who intends spending a few day3 In,
the city, is at the Palace.
* J. F. Knapp, special commissioner of the
South Carolina Interstate and West In
dian Exposition, is at the Palace.
"W. F. Kennedy, a merchant of Los An
geles, accompanied by his wife, arrived
yesterday and registered at tho Palace.
R. TV. Fowler, an extensive agricultural
Implement manufacturer tf England, re
turned from Honolulu yesterday and is at
the California.
WEDNESDAY. ...:... .;,..m...:.....MAY'i, iooi
JOHN D. SPRECKELS,~Proprietor.
Add»*i All OomnwdeitioM t» W. 8. LEAKS, Manager.
MAXACEB'S OFFICE- ... .^^Telephon^ j > r e "* -?P^
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prew 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered br Carriers. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnsle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms br Mall. Including Postages
:"»AILT CALL (Including: Sunday), one year ... ..$«.<»
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday). 6 months *•«>
DAII.T CAli. Cndndlns Sunday). 8 months *•»>
DAILT CALL—By Single Month •*=
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1 * 00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies win be forwarded when requested.
M«H robserfber* In ordering: chana* or addr*** should be
particular to elve both . NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct .compliance with their request.
0AKLA5D OFFICE • • • 1118 Broadrray
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Vuftgcr foreign Advertising, Karqnette Building. Chicago.
(Loss Distance Telephone "Central 261S.")
- NEW TOEK1 REPRESENTATIVE:
C C CAB.LTO3T Herald Sanare
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. S3IITH 30 Tribune BulldlnK
'- \ NEW TORE NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. a Union Square:
Hurray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebermaa House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (Dl C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., N. W.
SIORT6N E. ' CRAXE, Correspondent.
BR.4TVCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
!> 30 o'clock. 19U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until J o'clock. ' 1096 Valencia, open
trtil 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.;
should lead to" the disclosure of so ' much in the way.
of fraud in connection with the free seed, distribution
as to lead the- Government to abandon the practice
altogether. As designed by, the early statesmen/of,
the republic the custom of seecj distribution was a
good one. Its original object. wks to introduce into
the United States the* best vari'etfcs of seeds of every
kindthat can be cultivated here. It was not the inten
tion to furnish any one with seedlthat he could' go to
the nearest store and. buy, but to I send out rare seeds
obtained from foreign lands. Tht free seed distribu
tion of to-day is very different from that early plan.
It is now hardly anything more than a. means of bun
combe campaigning." The Congressman, for the pur
pose of keeping the favor of his* constituents, scatters
throughout his district ' seeds! and, speeches, the one
about as good as the other, and there is no earnest
effort made to put even such seed as is distributed into
the hands of those who could and would make the
best use, of it. ' j
There is no more reason for. a distribution of free
seed in our time than ¦ for a distribution of . free
pruning-knives or free gardening tools. Modern com
merce is so thoroughly organized and is so inces
santly active that anything in the way of rare or use
ful-seed discovered or produced in any part of the
world is placed in all parts of the United States by
the trade long before the Government could do it, so
that now we do not need even a distribution on the
oiiginal plan. A scandal thatwill lead to a thorough
consideration of the whole subject would therefore
do no greattharm to the' country. Even if no down
right frauds can be traced to any one connected with
the Department of Agriculture, enough can doubtless
be proven by_ the Seedsmen's League to show good
reasons why the whole system should be abolished.
HIS present tour -.5 the first extensive and pro
longed trial of President McKinley's versatility
.as a speaker.
It is noticeable that all of his speeches are models
of good taste. Never losing dignity, he enters the at
mosphere of his audience and pleases while, he in
structs. More nearly than any other of, our Presidents
he. resembles Lincoln in his command of those twin
forces of oratory, humor and pathos, and each seems
a a shade more delicate than Lincoln's. He is highly
gifted with that imaginative faculty which supplies the
grace and garniture o-f all speech. It would be diffi
cult for another, in as few words, to raise the whole
vision of inspiration as he. did to the students of the
University of Virginia, at Charlottesville, during the
first stop of his train after leaving Washington. He
lifted the scene above the commonplace, and by the
briefest phrase reminded the young men of a great
past which has no. significance for them except as a
spur to their ambition and an incentive to the culti
vation of the, qualities that will equip . them for
greate/ excellence than the generations from which
they sprang. . .
•Another charming quality in the President's talk is
his broad-minded appreciation of manly and persistent
effort, from good motives, though exerted against die
public policies and principles for which he has al
ways stood. Realizing that this competitive effort has
sharpened his own faculties, has been an important
part of his/own training, and that "strength comes of
effort and, there is no effort unless it is invited by re
sistance, he puts resistance upon its proper pedestal
and hails it as a friend and not as an enemy of the suc
cessful. How few of our public, jneij have been ca
pable of this wholesome and manly view of the great
struggle for supremacy which is the incident of all
achievement 1 Even when standing on the battle-fields
of the Civil War, where he fought as a young soldier
of the republic, there is not a shade of bitter memory
or a note of boasting. With that gallantry which goes
with the true soldierly spirit he rather exalts the cour
age and achievements pi the vanquished than of
the victor, and touches it all so delicately and well that
the men on each side of the great struggle are' glad
that they had each other to fight and to forgive when
the tragedy had, passed into history.
Doubtless during his tour he will discuss, seriously,
great questions of national policy, but he may be
trusted to treat them not from a partisan standpoint
but in a spirit of the broadest statesmanship and per
fect tolerance of adverse opinion. He is not that sort
which seeks the line of least resistance, for he knows
that in the conflict of opinions the only merit of vic
tory is in the overcoming spirit that establishes things
in the midst of tempest and trial. Foundations that
"are laid where a place must be made by supreme
effort for every stone are the foundations that stand.
His experience .has taught him all these truths, and
his career has risen into that calm of philosophy where
quarrel and recrimination have no place.
During this tour along with the pleasure felt by
the people in seeing and hearing the President will
go the education that is in his utterances, and he will
give freely the fruit of those public experiences gained
in the long service he has rendered to the people.
The story of his life is ideal. Beginning under the
hardy pioneer conditions of the West, winning his
bread and helping the household into which he was
born, he offered his life to his country and underwent
the trials of the march r.nd risks of battle. For him
war has frowned and thundered, and peace has smiled
and bestowed her bounty. In public life he has tasted
the extremes of fortune and has known the apparent
withdrawal of public favor and confidence and their
return, and the change from the hardest exile to the
highest exaltation. It is the final test of his quality
that he issues from alLthese bufferings and mutations
reither a cynic nor a pessimist, but a philosopher, a
statesman and an optimist. Therefore his contact
with his countrymen o>; this great tour will have only
the healthiest influence, and will be of value alike to
hi? political-friends and his political opponents. That
the whole country will be bettered by it goes without
sr.ying. - It is a great lesson for all men to see the
President going through the nerve-stretching expe
rience .of such a trip without uttering a questionable
Word, creating division among the'peopMe or losing
fcr a single moment the mastery of himself.
THE PRESIDENT'S SPEECHES:
and the. club" has a modest sum Invested
for benefit associations.
Good Results Follow Club life.
All over the country are springing up
many forms of social co-operation and
the clubs mentioned here are only a rew
of the more prominent examples. Amon»
them no charitable organization has been
mentioned-, all the clubs described are
self-supporting and self-governing., it is
true that the factory clubs are more or
less, dependent for their success on the
good will of the employers, but where
the exoerlment has been tried in any fac
tory the good results have been so Quick
ly apparent that most employers find It
not only a good investment as regards
"he morale of the women but also a good
financial investment. The training ana
ih« association help women in all ways,
and a chSe of occupation and broaden
in^ of view react most favorably on the
working capacity of the club members.
Social Life for Working Girls.
{ Many of the large women's clubs and
associations of the country, especially
such as own their own buildings, become
the center of much social life. The. In
dustrial and Educational Union of Boston
owns a large building, where -receptions,
musieales and evening entertainments of
all - sorts, of * constant occurrence. This
union salso gives its rooms for the use of
the Boston Association of -Working Girls'
Societies,- the Junior Workers'; Club and
the Union for Industrial' Progress. This
latter, association has between 200 and 300
members. Its aim is to k en"courage work-
Ing women to study the principles of eco
nomics and to promote a, spirit of socia
¦ billty and a hearty desire^for each-other's
best good; also to encourage orgapization
among working women, believing that
such organization tends to elevate the
character and improve the condition of
the worker. Lectures on some economic
or social subject are given Sunday after
noons during the winter.
' The National League of Women Work
era has branches in all the large cities of
the United States and the membership of
the clubs Is confined to working girls. The
most flourishlns branch of the association
is that in New York, which supports the
Alliance Employment Bureau. This same
organization supports five holiday houses
for the benefit of its members. Last sum
mer 3S9 guests were at the holiday homes.
One problem with which the association
has to struggle is the crowd coming to the
homes in August, while during June,
July and- September there are many
empty spaces.
The members of the Ally Club of St.
Louis are largely self-supporting women,
its headquarters. are at 1731 North Twelfth
street, and the club stands for co-opera
tion as a solution of the labor problem.
The object of the club is to build a co
operative boarding-house for its members,
and it has received some encouragement
in this effort.
A" Successful Vacation Club.
The Aloha Club of Chicago, all of the
members of which are self-supporting
women, has built a charming holiday^
home on the east shore of Lake Michigan"
within a short boat ride of Chicago. A
stock company was formed and shares
were sold to the. club members at $2 50
each. The land was donated and the
home was built; the members have deco
rated It themselves and the effect is ex
tremely pleasant. A good boarding-house
near the club furni3he3 meals, at $3 a
week. The clubhouse Is so near Chicago
that it is perfectly convenient for the
members to leave on Saturday afternoon
and spend Sunday at the club, returning
initime for work on -Monday morning. A
chaperon lives at the home from the be
ginning to the end of the season. When
the home is not occupied by the members
the courtesy of the club is extended to
those working women who can come re
commended by a member. This associa
tion affords the most practical and inde
pendent solution of that vexed question to
the business woman, where to spend the
vacation. Most of the other holiday
houses are largely philanthropic in char
acter and, while they meet the needs of
girJfV working on very low wages, to the
independent business woman It is unpleas
ant to accept their hospitality. There seems
no: reason why this movement ' inaugu
rated by the Aloha Club should not spread
over the country and thus a long- felt
need be supplied.
The Jane Club of Chicago, affiliated with
Hull house, occupies a structure built ex
pressly for the purpose. Because of its
successful career this club has become
celebrated all over the country.
A Girls' Mutual Benefit Club.
As an evidence of what can be accom
plished by a small number of young girls
in a neighborhood center, the Girls' Mu
tual Benefit Club of Chicago is. a most
inspiring example This club owns its
own clubhouse on Fulton street" and has
nearly paid the cost of the lot and the
house, which was about $7400, the mem
bers having raised by initiation fees and
dues about one-half the amount, the other
half being donated by their friends. The
clubhouse is a commodious building, with
a large auditorium, a library, dining-room
and kitchen. The average membership is
about 125, all working girls; the initiation
fee is 25 cents and the weekly dues are 5.
cents. Any girl over 18 years of age, rec
ommended by a member, is eligible for
membership. One hundred and fifty girls
have been graduated from the cooking
classes, membership in which is not con
fined to members of the club. Classes
in dressmaking, embroidery, millinery and
physical culture are carried on during the
winter months. On Thursday evenings a
neighborhood lecture is given on some
practical subject and on | Sunday after
noons a free concert, also open to the
neighborhood. During the last year. the
members have organized a social settle
ment with five resident workers; the work
of the settlement covers three kindergar
tens, mothers' meetings, classes in basket
weaving, drawing, chorus singing, physi
cal culture and a military drill. The Mu
tual. Benefit Club donates to the settle
ment the use of its building with heat
and light, and its many friends supply
money to carry on the work.
Work of \h\ Factory Club.
A new feature in club life is the factory
club and the number Is ¦ increasing rap-
Idly. This movement has arisen from the
growing conviction that an employer owes
to his employes not only compliance with
the factory laws and a punctual payment
of their \wages but also some measure
of comfort and pleasant conditions in
which to carry on the work of their dally
life; this especially is the case when it
becomes a Question of the employment
of women. It Is now estimated that ovei
1,500,000 women and girls are working in
factories in this country; some of them
under deplorable conditions and most'of
.them subjected to severe mental and
physical strain. It is to mitigate these
conditions that the movement known as
the factory club has been inaugurated
Beyond doubt the clubs of the National
Cash .Register Company are the best
known;- especially the Women's Club
which has become a model for many
others. This club has a membership of
nearly 300, and it i3 entirely self-governed
It meets twice a month at 12:30 o'clock
half 1 ; an hour being on their own time
and the other • half hour on the com
pany's time. The Looking Forward Club
of the . John ' Wanamaker Company' is a
very large club* ; and the Progress Club
of Legler & Co. of Dayton. Ohio, and the
Alert Club of the Gem Shirt Company,
also of Dayton, are modeled on the Cash
Register Company club. Some of the fac
tory clubs are also lunch clubs. Chicago
claims the credit ¦ of having inaugurated
this ' movement. The Western Electric
Company employs about 900 girls and has
a club membership of over 300; in 1897;
when" the company built a large addition
to its factory, it presented -the club with
an entire floor, thus making two immense
rooms; the company- also furnished the
lightahd heat, . fitted up the kitchen- and
gave; much of the furniture, for the din
ing-room.- The membership dues- are . 10
cents a - month. The • dinner is served at
neon and a supper In the evening for the
members who work overtime; | a midnight
dinner is also served for the night work
ers. The prices : are very low. for.every
thing ; served. During the winter/ classes
are carried- on in- music, ; sewing, 1 dress
making, embroidery and .millinery, v Sum
mer outings are planned for the members
Woman's Club. It was organized In 1S36
and has a membership of over 200. The ob
jects of the club are to loan money with
out interest to students or undergradu
ates of thiBieading women's colleges or to
women students of coeducational colleges;
also to establish foreign scholarships for
the benefit of women who have taken hon
ors In' American ¦ colleges. :
There are many" clubs and associations
formed by professional » women, as phy
sicians, artists, lawyers and trained
nurses, whose- efforts are directed toward
bettering the* conditions of their own pro
fessions and increasing the financial re
turns. ¦ .
. COPYRIGHT, 1901. -:,,":•
XI.— CLUBS FOR. BUSINESS WOMEN.
¦ • ¦ - •¦¦•-•- -JZT
The entrance of woman into the outside
labor market is destined to produce great
changes in. her home - and social ¦ life of
well as in her economic status"./- Most of
the professions and i trades g which under
lie the home and which in; the past were
entirely in the hands of women are, under
the present' industrial, conditions, con
ducted by firms and; great corporations.
By this specialization V of function' and
centralization of capital women have been
forced out 'of 'the.' home* and have-reluct
antly, in most cases," : accepted the inevit
able and become competitors for work in
the open labor' market. ¦ '
. Even fifty years ago the number of wo
men employed in.- stores and factories
t was comparatively small' and practically
few occupations were open to them; to-day
they are found in ": nearly" all the trades,
and in most of the professions.. Each year
!sees an. increase in the number of employ
ments in' which* women are engaged and
!a proportionate increase in' the number
[of. women- seeking- employment Nor •; is
jthis; condition- 8f 'affairs confined to the
three. purely. .do'mmercial countries, Ameri
•ca/ .England and^ance;.; in V recent, re
'port issued by that. department bf.theGer-:
man 'empire' which corresponds . to "the
fUnited" States departmerirof labor, statis
tics .were given' showing, that over 5.500,000
iwbmen are wage earners in Germany. . In
[France the number i# even larger. -Any
:person who is skeptical as to the number
of- •women who are wage, earners outside
!of = their homes has but to read the '¦e-
:portd of the State.. Bureaus or Labor^and
the State Public Employment Offices; the>
show. that ey.ery year a larger number of
women apply for situations.
(Growing Uniformity in Social Needs.
- Uniformity of occupation and responsi
bility has necessarily operated to bring
about a growing ' uniformity of social
needs and habits. Coeducation has empha
sized this tendency,, and- to-day girls
share not alone the studies of their broth
ers/but many of the games. In the pro
gressive universities and colleges for wo
men the curriculum is modeled as nearly
as possible on that of the men's universi
ties and colleges and more and more the
social life of the students is formed on
that of the men. In some coeducational
institutions, like Cornell University and
the University of Michigan, women even
live in chapter houses, with a chaperon
at the head of the house.
In every social center, the bachelor gin
is now a recognized factor and she en
jovs absolute social liberty. In several of
the large cities clubs fof women have been
organized, modeled on the men's social
ciub. London has several of these clubs;
in this country the Acorn Club of Phila
delphia is one example, and the Mayflow
er of Boston is another. Neither of these
clubs is literary or makes any pretense to
be educational; they frankly exist for the
comfort and convenience of their mem
bers. A cafe is attached to each of them;
men are, of course, not admitted to mem
bership and no liquor is sold on the prem
ises; any member by paying for a bed
room is at liberty to remain during a
night or longer, acording- to the rules pr
the club, and this privilege is frequently
claimed by professional women. In fact,
a young woman who often has profession
al engagements in Philadelphia told, me
that her membership in the Acorn Club
made It possible for her to fulfill evening
engagements under the most comfortable
and economical conditions/ The
Woman's Athletic Club of Chi
cago " was established for^ the com
fort, physical well being and social life
of its members and has no other aim. In
the near future every large city in the
country will have one or more such clubs
for the use of women.
Difficulties in Securing Comfort. .
"Women of means and leisure find it
easy to provide themselves with all these
comforts,- but professional and business
women who desire to secure comfort and
quiet in the business districts, where in
most cases, their occupation takes them,
are obliged to make special efforts In or
der to do so. ' • ¦'¦ ¦
The money auestion is a most serious
consideration, for business women in most
cases have small incomes, and, according
to all reports, they have dependents . as
often as do men. As the wages of women
are low at best, it is difficult for them to
make both « ends meet and have even a
little to spare for their own comfort, and
yet no class of the community stands as
much in need of Quiet and comfort dur
ing their noon and leisure hours as do
professional and business women.*
An effort is being made to meet the de
mand for comfortable quarters in . the
business districts where women who are
'employed there can secure a good meal
at a reasonable rate, rest and some social
pleasures. The Professional Women s
League in New York is a club of this
character; it has rooms at'1509 Broadway
and has a membership of about 100. The
Business Women's Club of St. Louis is
an. organization of the same sort. While
the latter club is not carried on for finan
cial gain, it may, by. its charter, hold real
estate, erect buildings and engage in busi
ness to further its aims. This club has
rcoms on Sixth street, between Locust
and St. Charles; it has a membership of
184 and is said to be in a very flourishing
condition. It maintains a library, a read
ing room and a gymnasium and Is en
deavoring to establish an employment bu
reau for women and cirls.-
Extension Among Business Women.
Tho National Association of Business
Women was the outcome of the National
Association of Women Stenographers.
Tho headquarters are in Chicago, and thte
association has undertaken club exten
sion;'the first local council was organized
iiK Denver: New York and E>etroit have
organized councils during the last year,
and Indianapolis and ; St. Louis are dis
cussing the feasibility of organizing simi
lar associations. ; - . / -
The Business Women's Club has rooms
In ' the Atwocd building, Chicago: they
consist of an artistic library, a Dutch din
ins room, toilet rooms, kitchen, offices and
other apartments. The' object of this club
Is to promote social life among the mem
bers; lunches and dinners are served each
day and receptions, lectures, dancing
classes and a gymnasium are provided for
in the rooms. The club also has inaugu
rated certain educational work. It alms
to discourage .women who are incapable
of pursuing business professions from un
dertaking them, hoping that- uneducated
young- women may be turned- into other
channels of occupation,- thus preventing
the lowering of the salaries of competent
women. .The initiation fee of the club is
$2 and the annual dues $4. - Special assess
ments may not exceed $1 ayear.
The New York Council of the Business
Women's 'Club has rooms '• downtown and
a restaurant' in connection with the club.
The 'president writes' that the : rooms are
comfortable and attractive and that they
serve an excellent luncheon at a reason
able price. The- New York branch also
has a circulating library, which 4s free to
the members. ,The Denver Council has
been greatly assisted by the - Denver
Woman's Club, the. club and the council
working together to secure new members
and to render the club a social center for
leisure and business women.
Plans" of, the New Century Club.
The ¦ New Century Club -at ' Utica,- n; Y. ,
has solved the 'problem of -the. social life
of business women in the following happy
manner: The • New Century . Club owns
its-clubh6USe : and .the rooms are always
open ' and - cir, club .- days two sessions •• are
.held," one from 2 to 5 o'clock and the other
:f rom'6 to 9 o'clock; the • same programme
is given at both sessions. Supper is. served
at the club for the benefit of the. members
employed during- the ¦-¦ day- and a- certain
number., of the club , members remain . to
take * their supper ; with the business
women.. This plan has worked admirably.
What American Women's Clubs Have Done
- to Advance the Social Life and Beautify
the Homes of Working Girls.
By Mrs>;-rElleiii M. .. Hezirptiii,
EX-PRESIDENT OF THE QENERAli FEDERATION OP WOMEN'S- CLUBS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
. : The San Francisco Calk
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FRAyClSCO' , CALli, WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 1901
but > Utlca . is , comparatively a r small , city
and ¦ the "distances . are not ,?reat; ; whether
it would do as well in a large city is'open
to > Question. .-" ' v^ " : >¦-- . --:,. .
1 In New York' City exists the Colleee
6
Chofce candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'*,* -
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c % -
nound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 633 Market. Palace Hotel building. •'
j Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's>, 510 Mont-
Bomery, street. Telephone Main 1043. •
..-. .- ¦ ¦ m ¦ t [¦
Nothing worries some women like the
absence of worry in others.
The 'Santa IV to Yosemite.
Beginning May .1 Stoddard & Son. will run a
dally stage line from Merced to Tosemlte Falls,
connecting with the California limited. Leav-
ing San Francisco at 9 a. m. to-day you ar»
at Tosemlte Fall3 to-morrow afternoon at 5.
The rate Is $2S 50 f rom San ¦ Francisco : for tha
round ; trip, carrying you * by .way of Merced ,
big trees.
; A vigorous growth and the original color given
to the hair, by Parker's Hair Balsam.
| Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 eta. ';.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWK FOR THE SUMMER.
Call tmbgcrlbers contemplating a change of
reotdeaee dnriac tbe summer months can havn
tlieir paper forwarded by mall to tbeir new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
Tkls pa#>«r frill also be on sale at all summer
mortc and Is represented by a local asent la
all towns «n tbe coast.
AMTTSEMElSrTS.
Crand 'Onera-house— "Mr. Barnes of New York.
California— "A Bachelor's Romance. "
Central— "Ten Xights In a Barroom."
Tivcli— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Sag Harbor." Monday next
A'cazar — "The Conquerors." -
Olvmpla. corner Mason and Kddy streets^ pedaltles.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. _ '
Fischer's— Vaudeville!
Enif-ryvllle Racetrack— Races to-day.E. H. FITZHUGH, A WELL-KNOWN EASTERN RAILROAD MAN, WHO
IS SAID TO HAVE BEEN OFFERED A POSITION UNDER PRESI
DENT HAYS OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
New Ladies' 1 Tailor Suits Arrived;
MelHs & Co., . the new, . store, ; received
from New York a line .of nobby ladies'
suitB, to be sold this week for $15.. Thev
are beautLes. Ladies are Invited to see
them. 1025 Market street. •
Dr. Price to Study Abroad.
BERKELEY, April- 30.— Dr. Olifton '
Price, • Instructor ln Latin in the : univer
sity, and Mrs. Price have left California
for a year's sojourn . abroad. They • will
visit Mrs. Price's parents atHyde-Park,
Mass.. and then go to -New' York, where
Dr.. Price .will see through the press his
new edition of Cicero's - <r Laelius." From ;
New York they will sail for Liverpool,
and then . travel through France and Ger
many by bicycle. They will < spend the
winter in Rome, where Dr. Price will pur- '
sue research work in. the American School
of Classical -Studies.-. In? the, spring: they f
will 'leave Italy for Germany. Dr. Price
will: spend one term at some German uni- :
versity. . !
Bazaar for Hospital.
BERKELEY. April 30.— A- bazaar and
tea will be glvwi to-morrow afternoon
and evening in the Town and Gown Club
building on Dwight way for the benefit
of the Berkeley Hospital Association. Ten
booths will be presided over by forty
young ladles from the university and
town. Thirty children will give a May
pole dance In the afternoon. . The affair
will close with an Informal dance In the
evening.
Those In charge- are Mrs. Gustave
Touchard. Mrs. S. W. Christy and Mrs.
Charles "Wilkinson. The patronesses are
Mrs. B. I. "Wheeter. Mrs. Joseph Le Conte,
Mrs. Martin Kellogg. Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst. Mrs. Charles Blake and Madame
P. V. Paeet.
DEALERS TESTIFY BEFOBE
BOARD OF ARMY OFFICERS
Corporal Owen Davis, According to
Merchants, Was Paid Money
•. ¦*. ?-V to Neglect His Duty.
The trial of Corporal Owen Davis, ac
cused of extortion by dealers ln the neigh
borhood of the Presidio, was commenced
yesterday morning. Numerous saloon
keepers and clothing dealers testified to
the effect that they were enabled to col
lect the money, due them through the cor
ruption of Davis. They made, they said,
every effort to secure a pass from Colonel
Rawles. but were unsuccessful. They se
cured admission to the grounds, however,
by paying to Davis sums ranging from $5
to $10. The testimony Incriminating Davis
was strongly presented, as was also the
testimony offered for his defense. Davis
was defended by Lieutenant Charles T.
Boyd, Seventh Cavalry. The findings of
the court will not be made known until
after they have passed through the hands
of General Shafter.
It is the general belief among officers
at the post that Davis 13 a victim of spite
on the part of those men who have had
dealings with the soldiers. , • :. V
Pyrography outfits, sheepskins and
fancy woods for burning, cameras, al
bums and books on photography, ln art
ists' material department. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ?
Courtney and Bishop Are
Given Decision by
the Courts. -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 30.
Councllmen A. W. Bishop and W. P.
Courtney will retain the seats in the City
Council given them by the appointment of
Mayor Barstow.
Judge Greene to-day granted Courtney
the injunction for which he prayed, per
manently restraining Burtchaell from at
tempting to get the seat for which he re
ceived a majority of the votes In the re
cent election, and declared Courtney to
be the duly qualified occupant of the posi
tion. Burtchaell made no appearance ln
court, and allowed the judgment to go
against him by default. •
Judge Ellsworth, who had the Blshop-
Smilie case, hesitated to go so far as to
declare Bishop the rightful Incumbent as
opposed to Smilie; he was willing to pro
tect the de facto member in the exercise
of his privileges and duties until it should
appear that some one else had a superior
right. A rival claimant, he .thought,
should not be deprived of recourse«to the
courts to establish his contention. His
Honor took the case. under advisement.
He stated that unless further reflection
changed his opinion, he would hold that a
court of equity could go no further than
to enjoin an outsider from interfering
with the Incumbent of an office in the dis
charge of his duties.
Judge Greene, on the other hand,"grant
ed all the points contended for by Court
ney's attorneys. His. order declares 'that
! Burtchaell was never elected; that Court
ney was legally appointed, and that Burt
chaell must surrender his certificate of
election. .
The decree finds as follows: '
That at the municipal election held -in the
city of Oakland an March 11, • 1901, said de
fendant, George T. Burtchaell, was not elected
to the office of Councllman-at-large of the city
of Oakland, and . that the action of the City
Council . of said city taken "on •• March
19, 1901, declaring said Burtchaell duly elected
to the of floe of Councllman-at-large • of ~ said
city,' wan null and void, and that the certificate
of election thereafter, to wit, March 31, 1901,
issued by the City Clerk of said city of Oak
land to said' Burtchaell. " declaring -him, said
Burtchaell. elected to said office •• of .* Councli
man-at-large of said city was null and void. "~
That on April . 1, . 1901, there . waa^, a vacancy
in the office of member of the Council of. the
city of Oakland at large. : ,- ; : u . -..->.
- That thereafter and on, to wit, April ',1,'. 1901.
Anson \ Barstow was ' then and duly . elected,
qualified and acting Mayor of said city of Oak
land and did appoint plaintiff to fill the vacancy
ln the office of ' Councllman-at-large - of ' said
BOTH TO HOLD
THEIR SEATS
tins a ftop to the insurrection. This has at
last been practically accomplished in a suc
cession of campaigns which have brought out
into bold relief the daring., the skill and the
indomitable resolution of our officers and men.
The campaigns have been wearing: and diffi
cult beyond description, both because of the
nature of the country and of the character of
our opponents. After the first few months the
insurgents ceased to oppose us in regular war
fare, their methods becoming more and more
such as by any stern application of the laws
of war would have forfeited their right to be
treated. - -
Let me ask you to Judge the future by the
past. Look back over the last three years
and see what we have done. Think how in
finitely better off Cuba and the Philippines
&ra, because of the policy upon which this
republic has acted. Mankind Is our debtor
for what we have done, and the doing of it
has raised our national character to a higher
standard than ever before. -We have made
mistakes, of course; let us profit by them
and avoid them hereafter. But at home and
abroad let us continue on the course we have
marked out. We talk much, and on the whole
we talk truly, of the future greatness of
our people. Let us *ee to it that our deeds
make good our words, that we talce . ad
vantage of our manifold . opportunities, and
do without flinching our manifold duties. We
are not to be excused if we fail to do all
that 13 required of a great nation, standing
as one of the great -powers of the earth;
and leaFt of all are we to be excused if. we
fail to keep in mind the principles that un
derlie all real greatness— the principles of Jus
tice and of mercy — of courage and of hon
esty, that fro to make up a national record of
clean livinjr and true manliness. ,'¦* i i '¦¦
The next speaker was Senator Hoar,
who eulogized President McKInley and
defended the proposed conferring: of tho
degree of LL.D. upon him by Harvard.
Senator Lodge and General Guild also
Spoke. -i'. ;}¦;¦:¦¦- -,¦>;., ¦_
Director Eincaid Opposes Plan.
Mrs. Kincaid, president' of the Board of
Education, is not in favor of the proposed
new plan of electing teachers Into the
School Department which was submitted
to the Board of Education last week by
a committee of prominent educators.
Mrs. Kincaid sees in the abolishment ol
the chronological order governing ap
pointments the exposure of teachers to
political intrigue and favoritism. Mrs.
Kir.caid declares that the new plan will
never be approved with her sanction and
believes in making teachers secure ln
their positions. . . .
Carried Knock-Out Drops.
George Mitchell was arrested yesterday
by Corporal Egan . and Policemen Freel
and O'Brien on o charge of having knock
out drops in his possession. They observed
him and another man on Kearny street,
near Sacramento, and, knowing Mitchell's
record, Egan fallowed him to a saloon at
G38 Sacramento street. When Egan at
tempted to place him under arrest he
threw away a small bottle and showed
fight. He managed to break away from
Egan, who blew his whistle. Mitchell was
arrested at Montgomery and Sacramento
streets- and. threw* away another small
bottle. • Both bottles were picked up and
were found to contain knock-out drops.
Mitchejl has already served a term of six
months\for a similar offense. Jesse Nel
son, the bartender in the 'saloon at 638
Sacramento street, was arrested for not
assisting the officers when called upon.
taken off the coast run and will, until
further notice, operate over the old road,
the trains being dispatched from Oakland
pier instead of Third and Townsend
streets. On Sunday the Sunset express
will also be taken off the coast division
and will leave Oakland at 6:15 p. m., In
stead of from the Third and Townsend
streets depot.
The coast, division will not be used for
fast trains until the road is equipped
throughout with eighty-pound rails. At
present, on part of the track, old and
light rails are laid. They are not consid
ered safe by President Hays, and he ac
cordingly gave orders for only slow trains
to run over the division until the neces
sary changes are made.
It appears that the coast division was
poorly equipped throughout from the day
it opened. It is. said that at a number of
stations along the line there were not
enough clerks to attend to the enormous
traffic: accordingly, the service was bad.
The conductors are also blamed for their
lack of knowledge. : It Is said that some
of them did not know how to handle an
overland ticket, and thus helped to mix up
affairs. President Hays has decided that
the coast division will remain closed until
everything is In perfect working order.
city and that plaintiff did thereupon qualify
as such Councllman-at-large and entered. upon
the duties of his office as such, on said April
1, 1901. and is now in possession of said pub
lic office and is entitled to hold said office
by virtue of said appointment so made as
aforesaid.
That eaid Burtchaell be and he is hereby
ordered to deliver to the City Clerk of • said
city the said certificate . of election so issued
to him as aforesaid to have the same can
celed and that said Kurtchaell is not en
titled to hold or exerclee any of the duties
of or receive any of the honors ' or emolu
ments of salfl office of Councilman-at-Large
of'fne city. of Oakland, and that said Burt
chaell is hereby enjoined and prohibited from
doing any act or proceeding attempting to in
terfere with or interfering with said plain
tiff In the exercise of the duties of said office
of plaintiff or in any way attempting to exr
crclse tho duties ' or receive the honors or
emoluments of the office of Councllman-at
large of the said city as against plaintiff.
Judge Greene at first demanded proof
of the charges made in the complaint ask
ing for the Injunction, but afterward de
cided to allow them substantiated by
tho failure of the defendant to answer.
Judge Ellsworth took the same' view as
far as the defendant was concerned. He
indicated his belief, however, that the
plaintiff should have brought proceedings
amalogous to a quo warranto, as it seemed
to him that in the present ease an in
junction was not the only mode in which
the plaintiff could obtain relief.
Warren Olney 'and John R. Glascock
have made a report to the Municipal
League upon the legality* of the appoint
ments of Courtney and Bishop. The opin
ion holds that the appointments were not
legal, but that there is grave doubt as
to the eligibility of Burtchaell and Smille,
their Municipal League 'opponents. The
Municipal League will not make any. move
in the matter.
his flying trips. I have business dealings
with him, and ro make it a point to go to
New York to meet him. I am not at pres
ent attached to any road. I must refuse
to tell you the object of my visit here. I
assure you, however, I do not expect to
remain over a week."
"When the news was circulated around
the "yellow building" yesterday that
Fitzhugh had arrived, bells were rung,
office boys hurried here and there with
rotes, and a number of the officials met
and consulted in their respective offices.
The old employes shook their heads and
whispered "that there was something in
the air." Others were more confident and
feel assured that there will be no changes.
But all are still waiting for the official
circular that President Hays has prom
ised to issue before he makes any change.
President Hays keeps his own counsel.
To all inquiries about rumored changes in
the personnel of the staff he gives eva
sive answers. When asked if any heads
were to fall in the basket, he smiled and
answered: "No changes will be made be
fore due announcement has been made by
an official circular."
It is now generally concede that Fitz
hugh is out here to look over the road,
and that he will accept the position said
THE announcement made several
days ago that E. H. Fitzhugh, a
prominent Eastern railroad man,
had been offered the position of as
sistant to President Charles M.
Hays of the Southern Pacific appears to
be authentic. Fitzhugh, accompanied by
his wife and daughter, arrived from St.
Louis yesterday and registered .at the
Palace.
Mr. Fitzhugh is silent regarding his per
sonal affairs. He declined to be inter
viewed, but in s diplomatic manner spoke
of his impressions of the State. He
thought California a beautiful State, and
said that- this was his first visit to San
Francisco. "When asked if he came here"
to accept a position with the Southern
Pacific he shrugged his shoulders and re
spectfully referred the questioner to
President Hays.
Fitzhugh is a man of medium height,
about 45 years of age. His hair and mus
tache are slightly gray. He impresses one,
after a few moments' conversation with
him. as being possessed of executive
ability. He says that he resigned his po
sition with the Central Vermont road on
account of overwork.
"I really have nothing to say about my
visit here," he said. "This is my first trip
to the coast. I expect to remain in San
Francisco about a wee^k."
"It has been announced that you intend
remaining here arid will accept a position
as assistant to President Hays. Is that
true?"
"I decline to answer that question," re
plied Fitzhugh. "I am not in a position to
talk on that matter. I respectfully refer
you to Mr. Hays."
"Is it not a fact, Mr. Fitzhugh, that you
went • to New York and met Mr. Hays
when he was East about two weeks ago?"
• "Yes, I was there," answered Fitzhugh.
"In fact, I make a trip to New Tork ev
ery time that Mr. Hays is there on one of
to have been tendered him by President
Kays to act as his assistant. Hays and
Fitihugh are warm personal friends. They
have been associated together in the rail
rcad business for several years. Harriman
Is also i.\ friend of Fltzhugh. vV.*" vJ
COAST LINE OUT OF BUSINESS.
Inexperienced Conductors Cause Trou-
ble in Handlifxer Overland Tickets.
Pending the overnaullcsr of the tracks
of th«? coast division an entirely mw time
card goes into effect on the «.iuthern Pa
cific Railroad between here Tin.? Los An
geles. TTntil further notice a Binw pas
senger will be the only train that will
run over the coast division line, with t»»e
exception - of a local that runs between
here and San Luis Obispo.
Yesterday the daily Sunset freight
trains and the fast daylight express which
runs between here and Los Angeles were
BOSTON, April 30.— An imposing array
of speakers, headed by Vice President
Roosevelt, held the attention of 1600 mem
bers of the Home Market Club at Its
twelfth annual dinner in Mechanics* Hall
to-night. Vice President Roos.;velt was
seated on the risrht of the president of
the club. Oeorge R. I>raper. Among the
others near President Draper were Sena
tors Georpe F. Hoar and Henry Cabot
Lodge, Joseph H. Manley of Augusta,
Me.; Bishop "William Lawrence of Mas
sachusetts, William F. Draper, former
Ambassador to Italy, and Rear Admiral
Sampson.
Previous to the dinner a reception xras
held In honor of Mr. Roosevelt. The tm
n.ense hall was buns' on all sides with a
mass of color, numerous political mottoes
and pictures. Mr. Roosevelt was greeted
with a storm of applause and three
cheers. \Y T hen he could, make himself
heard he said in part:
During the last four years this nation has eo
conducted itself as not only to add Immensely
to our material prosperity but also to add to
the heritage of honor which we are to leave
our children. Yet we can do better work in the
future If we realize that we have worked well
in the rast.
In deallns with our new duties abroad we
must approach them in the same spirit neces
f*ry for the solution of the problems that con
front us at home — that is, in a spirit which
Fhall combine business efficiency with the
Mghest Etanda.nl of fearlessness and integrity
practical common-sense with resolute devotion
to duty. Only by acting in such a spirit will we
pv»r be able to cleanse the dark spots in our
municipal life. Only by acting in such a spirit
can we solve the tremendous problems arising
from the extreme rapidity and highly complex
nature of our great industrial development.
Finally, only by acting in such a spirit can we
rightly do our duty in the new fields our labor
and effort have opened to us by the results of
the Spanish war. ;..
Duty Before the Country.
"Whether we are glad or sorry that this new
•work has been allotted to us is a matter of
Email moment compared to the purpose with
which we approach the work. The one is a
matter of temperament; the other a matter of
principle. Some among us feel that this gener
ation should count itself thrice favored • by
Providence that to it is given the chance to do
«. xr.iphty task; that this nation should rejoice
ts a strone man to run a race, because the
future opens to it the same opportunity for
triumph-crowned effort which has been its
jrlory in the past. Others or us approach our
new duties ia more sober spirit, as matters
neither for Joy nor regret, but as tasks which
henceforth come in the day's work and must
Le performed as such. Yet others regTet greatly
that the necessity ever arose to do these new
tabks; but since the necessity has arisen have
no more idea or >liirk:nsr them than of shirk
ing any ether disagreeable and necessary du
ties. It does r.ct matter much which one of
these attitudes is curs; but it does matter im
mensely that we should show serious purpose in
<>ur actions and a serious appreciation alike of
the importance and difficulty of the task and of
the prime need of our doing it aright.
For good or for evil, we now find ourselves
wiih new duties in the West Indies and new
duties beyond the Pacific. We cannot escape
the performance of these duties. All we can
decide for ourselves is whether we shall do
them well or ill. In Cuba we have had to face
a harder because a- less simple task. We were
Tledped to bring peace, freedom and independ
ence to the islands, and we have been reso
lutely bent upon keeping that pledge, not
rnerely in the letter but in the 6pirit. To hava
driven out the Spaniard and then immediately
withdrawn our own forces would have meant
the breaking of our own pledge, for it would
have thrown the Islands Into a chaos but one
Oesre-e better than the tyranny which it suc
ceeded. Moreover. £uch a coursa would have
ratant the absolute certainty of our being
speedily forced to interfere again. "We would
commit a grave wrong to our own people if we
permitted the great island .which is our neigh
bor one? more to become a jJague spot of civil
ization; a «ill graver wrong if we permitted
the poFFibility of its ever being used against
us by s=<->me strong alien power. Our business
was to help in the development of those quali
ties in the Cubans which would render them
able to solve th«* difficult problem of self-gov-
rmment; to further every movement for de
oercy in the island, and to give our aid to the
new Cuban commonwealth^as it strove to walk
alcne. This has been our consistent endeavor.
Qusstion in the Philippines.
Finally, we . come to the Philippines where
the difficulties were greatest of all. Perhaps
lew better tests of our worth as a nation have
ever been offered than this Philippine prob
lem. The temptation was great to shirk it
altogether. Such a course would have ap
pealed not only to many thoroughly honest and
excellent people who were Imperfectly in
formed, or who were misled by false analogies
or by sentimental considerations, but it would
also have been greeted with enthusiasm by
til short sighted people and by all in whom
the legitimate dislike of needless effort and
woro' tends to become an unhealthy fear of
all risk and trouble. But as we look back we
can now see that the national duty was really
plain. We could not give the islands back
to Spain; we could not see them taken by some
other European power; and least of all could
we turn them over to be scrambled for by in
surgent leaders, most cf whom were but lit
tle above the level of banditti, and the success
rif any of whom meant destruction to the peace
ful and law-abiding portion of the islanders,
end a more or less swift relapse Into bar
bs rism of the entire population. The first
thing to be done was to restore order by put-
Brilliant Address Before the
Home Market Club
in Boston.
Vice President Roosevelt
Tells of Government
Work.
LAUDS POLICY
OF THE NATION
The storm center seems to hang around
the head of Policeman Peter S. ChappelU
just now, ari it will b'e lucky for himii
he escapes being again brought before the
Police Commissioners. His alleged perse
cution o? Angelina M. Abbott, the girl
who shot De V/itt Clinton, the actor, has
been the means of bringing him once more
prominently before' the public.
When the case of the Abbott girl,
charged by Policemen Chappelle and Syl
vester with vagrancy and disturbing the
pea^e, was called in Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday both offlcors declared on the
witness stand that sht> was in the habit of
walking the streets every night, and once,
they believed. sM accosted a man. When
they arrested her Saturday night she used
vulgar language toward them and expec
torated In their races. Chappelle made the
assertion that Judge Conlan, when dis
missing a charge of vagrancy against the
girl on April 18, told her to keep away
from CFarrell and Mason streets. The
Judge will appear as a witness for the de
fense to deny that he said anything of
the kind. All he said ln dismissing the
caso was that the girl had had trouble
enough. The case was continued till Sat
urday, when the defense will be heard.
Henri Pradel, proprietor of the lodging
house at 279 O'Farrell. street, where the
defendant rooms, was waiting to be called
as. & witness, and admitted that he was
afraid to testify, as the police might close
his house. He is to be called to testify
that he heard the notorious Mike Nolan
tell the defendant that his girl paid the
police $20 a month for protection and she
should do the same thing. The defendant
also declared that Nolan had told her
since her statement made to Captain Sey
mour Monday that he would deny every
thing she had said about him.
Lieutenant Price will, if called upon, be
a witness for the defense as far as Chap
pelle's credibility is concerned. The lieu
tenant stated in' court yesterday that
when • Chappelle was a member of his
squad, about eighteen months ago. in
Chinatown, George Downey, a watchman
in Sullivan alley, told him that one of his
squa-l was taking money from a Chinese
house of ill fame. ! He was determined to
ascertain the truth of the allegation and
took the squad to the house and Chap
pelle was pointed out as the one who had
taken the money. The lieutenant report
ed the facts to the then Chief. Lees, who,
to avoid a scandal, did not bring Chap
pelle before the Commissioners, but re
moved him from the squad."
- Chappelle volunteered the following
statement last ni£ht:
"Price lies when he says I was con
fronted with the inmates of the house in
Sullivan ally and identified by them as
the man who extorted money from them.
Price never took me to such a house, and
no such incident as he describes ever oc
curred. He never took me before Chief
Lees and never accused me of talcing
anything.
"The manner of my removal from the
Chinatown sauad was this: Price an
nounced to me, 'You are relieved by or
der of your captain.' My captain was
Wittman, but when I went to him about
it he denied any knowledge of such an
order. Then I went to Police Commis
sioner Gunst, and by him was referred to
Chief Lees.
"Lees said to me, after hearing my
story. 'Do you want • to gt> back on the
squad?' I said. 'No, but I don't want to
leave under a cloud.' Lees replied that I
had better go back to work and I did. The
matter dropped there. No investigation
was held and nothing more was heard of
the matter . until Price's statement was
made to-d,ay."
Policeman Chappelle Is
Placed in a Serious
Position.
Lieutenant Price Speaks o:
His Removal From China
town Squad.
LEVY BLACKMAIL
ON FRAIL WOMEN
THE gAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 1901. '
Declines to Say. Anything Concerning the Apparently Authentic
Report That He Has Been Offered the Position 'as Assistant to
Charles M. Hays of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
F1TZHUGH ARRIVES FROM ST. LOUIS
ON FIRST TRIP TO PACIFIC SLOPE
7
AMUSEMENTS.
DEWET DAT MATINEE TO-DAY.
Parquet. 25c. any seat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part, except reserved.
TH3ACMB OF UP-TO-DATE VAUDEVILLE
THE GREAT
AGOUS? FAMILY.
Mclntyre and Heath,
BARNES AND SISSON. ALF GRANT.
CLAYTON, JENKINS AND JASPER. MLLE.
ADELAIDE.
Last Week of THE GREAT GOLDIN.
The Blograph, among other views, shows
QUEEN VICTORIA'S
LAST PUBLIC APPEARANCE.
TO-NIGHT.
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-MORROW.
25c and 50c.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
AND THE NEILL. COMPANY.
Presenting Sol Smith Russell's Greatest Com-
edy Hit.
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
During the NEILL Encasement SPECIAL I
BARGAIN MATINEES-THURSDAYS- I
PRICES. 25c and 50c. ¦ I
EVENINGS 23c. 35c. 60c. 75c. *L0O
SATURDAY MATINEE 23c. 50c. 75o
NEXT WEEK— Aujrustin Daly's fine comedy
success— "THE LOTTERY OF LOVE."
In Preparation "BARBARA FRIETCHIE"
_ vi
GRAND 1 OPEftA HOUSE
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY-DEWET DAT.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Balance of This Week,
FLORENCE STONE AND JACK WEBSTER
In Archibald Clavertns Gunter*s Great Drama,
MR. BARNES OF
'NEW YORK.
Prices 10c. 15c, Joe. Me. A few seats 75e.
Good Reserved Seat ln Orchestra Saturday and
Sunday Matinees. 25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
Next Week— "SON OF NAPOLEON."
BEjhMSCO *"** THAILS *cgftfE?
*^ JTT7P CITY HJUJk
A GREAT PERFORMANCE.
MATINEE TPNI
TO-DAY c
Eewey Day. l>luni:5
Prlces-lOc, 15c, 23c. IN A '
TO-NIGHT,
all this week tjAiv.
Regular Matinee Sat- __ __ _ _
urday and Sunday. \J I 1 1 J /Vl
The great melodrama. I\wv7m,
DDirEC EVENINGS 10c. 13c. Kc. 33c. 50o
ralUC3 MATINEES 10c. 13c. 25o
NEXT "WEEK— THE OCTOROON.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"IT SHINES AS BRIGHTLY AS EVER."
THE
•'hoot ;v\orv.*»
•THE TOY MAKER"— Next Production.
First Time ln This City.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50a
Telephone — Bush 9.
K£rC &L SAT?
flVM EAT R i^A >
DEWEY MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST WEEK OP
THE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week, Revival by Request,
"FRIENDS."
SALE OF SEATS NOW ON.
Prices— 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c.
f*fl§ I1&I3E51A SA1 FRANCISCO'S
%9 U* la %J IWlPB M LEADING THEATRE
REOPENING NEXT MONDAY.
FIRST TIME HERE OF
THE GREAT SUCCESS.
SA |^ James A. Berce's
/IlVJJ New Play.
Alan Dale said—" 'Sag Harbor" fs delightful."
Chicago Times-Herald — "Greater than 'Shora
Acr»»».' '*
SEAT SALE BEGINS TO-MORROW.
RACING ! FACING ! RACING I
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 23.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUri.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racins Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stoppinc at the entrance to the
track. - Last two cars on train reserved for
'ladies and their escorts; no smokinar. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
1 electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:43 o. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
B, B. MILROY. Secretary.
CHUTES AND_Z00 *3 r E t35r
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LEAH MAY, the Giantess.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, THE AMATEURS
AND THE LADY BLACKSMITHS* PRIZE
STRIKING CONTEST.
Telephone for Seats Park 13
FJCpjJ]7t>»C CONCERT HOUSE.
riOUnUtt p Admission lOe.
G. S. Wanrell. La Mont Juvenile Co.. May-
belle Bowman-. Golden West Comedy Trio. Gus
Leonard, Thatcher and Chenoweth and Faras-
kova Sandolin.
, Reserved seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND - WASHINGTON STS.— Re-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to 11 50 day;
}5 to IS week; IS to $20 month. Free baths; hoi
and cold water every room: fire grates ia .every
room :. elevator runs all night. . •
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; cives health and '¦
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.--
,_:_¦' ADVERTISEMENTS.
IjB. KATSCHINSKI, \
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
; I 10 THIRD ST., San Franclsso. j
. I SWELL S
; I PATENT LEATHER I
i I OXFORDS $1,95 J
? U Something real new and stylish. 1
5 Ij Perfect fitting oxford ties, that are |
! H made strictly up to ' date and are |
. H considered the proper thins for full |
1 H dress. Ladies' patent leather ox- I
' H ford ties, coin toes and tips, drcu- |
\ |j lar vamus and heel foxing, turned I
gj soles and French heels. Reduced I
; I to 81.05. Sizes 3 to % Widths 1
' H A to D. - g
• ¦ Just out, 80-page Illustrated Cat- I
. H alogue. Send -or one. y
! I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. f
; I 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. I
When Prof. Munyon says his Dyspepsia Cnre
i will cure indigestion and all forms of stomach
trouble he simply tells the .truth. It will cure a
stomach that has been abused by over-eating and
over-drinking. It- will cure a stomach ' that has
been weakened by old-style drugs. It will do much
toward making an old stomach act like a sound one.
At all druggists, as cents. Fifty-six other cures.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
HU5T0K'S INHALER CUBES CATAEKH.
|0B. PIEROFS E^EGTRIG BELT|
i I / J 71 V H A\ I J I / K \ *
America Ahead of the World In Electrical Inren- 4
? ttonsl Everybody knows this! Our new Kody-'
? Battery, (l\ 8. Patent) 13 strictly an American 2
'invention— Til K Celt of the Century. It sends ft,,
* powerful, reversible current through the human * »
.body rVom limit to Koot. cnriCK Clironic . and 5
.Nervous Diseases and Weakness of iltue or female i
> as if by Mr»sic. So positive are we that no other 4
* belt is the eq nal of k " 1 »r. Tierce's." 1 hat we will send 4
? it o\ API'KO^AI, Xor oomiiarison yith any belt 4
' now sold in Amfcica. " Seeing ia Believing." J
* XOTK-— We never send fcelts "On Trial," there- 4
. fore in ordering "Dr. Pierce'a" no risk is run of 4
» contracting *Mn «>i«e»«e or other Disorder* by *
Knsini? an appliance i>revl»n«ly worn bv other*
f* pernonn. (V.l, or F*>nd a 2c. stamp far new "Kooklet 7
>Xo.2/ Address: PIEKCK KI.KtrTKIC CO.!
fll45*tr»v»'«»-j»». -oir-""' ¦ 1 »<vVnrk,J
Or 2OG Post St,, San Francisco.
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY-forMEN
\ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
. years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst casea in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency. Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, _. Vericocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *^ ffjf rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects^Z,.^Z~ a re immediate.
Impart vigor and t * c/1 ' 7 ' = 'potency • to 'every
function.- Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
box: 6 for $2 50 by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY Co..
40 Ellis st.. San ' Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 3S and 40 Third st.
ffig CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
»?T»«M^.8A5*£. *lw»y« reliable. 1tj|«, u v Drnrrint
/^U£m for CMICHIiSTEIiS KSGLjgS
W'^^KG^W ln ME D » a>1 £oM «u«uaic boxe». ualed
£* —~.^/J with bloo ribbon. Take no c , her. Refua
1^7 ?* *SiJ Wsneerou* Subulitatloda and Imitn-
I / Oj Uonfc Boy of yonr Druggist, or »M»d 4*. In
\TJ* fp »<><* Relt«Tfor Ladle«.''<»f«r.'ir. Srre.
— \. f. r torn .*.l»tl. 1 O.OmO I v.ttmociaU. Sold t>j
¦ ' »ni>rugglM«. Chiche»tcrChesnl<?alC«_
Mention tM» piper. Maulsaa Squutre, PH1LA.. i*.£
<>!f$]>a£fii>* INJECTION. I
I A PERMANENT CURE |
3 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea <J
JP and Gleet, jruarnntecd in from 3 to 6 c '
k. days ; nc other treatment required. s
5 Sold by all drnggists. S
ttvwwwnrorvvvvvvywwvvvvvw ;
IA/, X. HESS.
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 921.
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell, '
San Francisco.
P A FT n Oil S f c °mer Fourth and 3
I ALL V I 3 U ll 1 Mar *et, S. F. Try J
IrUiT hill ill <»«'- Special Brew. 1
5c. Overcoats and J
valisog i-ho^kM free. '
DIRECTORY j
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Priea Lists Mallai j
on Application. . '
COAL, COKE AND Pld IROX.
If WlF & m 90 ° Battery Street.
J-'v TVJLJU: 1 * C. WU-. Telephone Main 1364.
COPPERSMITH. J
r W SMITH FhiP Plumbing. Steamboat and
* • IT • . 3i?li I Il> Shir Work a specialty. IS and 1
15 Washington st. Telephone Main £641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS nilVFS & fi) Shipping Butchers. 104 ;
J A5- iiU I E3 U VlJ- clay. TeL Main 1234. t
OILS. *
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3. .
418 Front «t.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
/ PRINTING. j
F f HJJfi!TF\ - printer.
C l^. IlUU.lCi, 611 Sansome «t.. S. F. J
-I ,:. PRINTERS.. BO0KBINDER3. !
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.. '
23 Flrat Street. San Francisco. ?
-:'¦, 'stationer and printer.
COB CaUrorn,a . PA2TfiiDGK T^ hi ° ,'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Goes Twice as Far
as Lard or Butter!
IT IS EASILY DIGESTED AND
ALWAYS CLEANLY, WHICH
LARD IS NOT.
Wesson's Salad Oil
j J is far greater value than the finest im-
ported olive oil and h is the szme flavor.
A:»k your friendly grocer for it and save
good money.
XS^rmirfura ... J)
& visit DR. JORDAN'S great t3
OF ANATOMYf
A Q| *--• X4£XZT ST. bet. 6±ft7&, S.F. W. A
\ Hf Tbe Larirett Anatomical Museum in the \
ij — ¦ »3>»-. World. Weakncsso or iny contracted A
K SECSOT diie»se 1xn.lU.--l7 crarndhy the olden T
|S y& 1 S=pecmli»t 011 the Coast. list. 36 years. ' ©
i yB** 8 ca - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I w ?/y*5 S Consultation free and strirtly private. \
B u (>y M Trratcirnt perior.i'ly rr bjr letter. A R
\ fi If n If it " :e Cure in every case undertaken. T
OrV Ilif w 'r.tcfor Bwk.PIIIl.ONUPIlYaf A
ll I WAMKIAttK. MAILED FREE. CAT
A it (i valuable book for men) \
V till. JOKC AX A- «:«».. 1011 MarkPtSt..R. F. Y
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Tor tho Cura ot Gonorrhoea. Gloats,
fetrlctures and analogous complaint*
olf tlio Organs of Generation.
*»ric« Jl « bottle. For tale by druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J Fine' Solid Oak Parlor Table. |
q jpl.SS. We will - estimate, the H
B-cost of 'a. single article in furni- w
I ture, carpets, curtains and dra- jg
| pcries, or everything required * to R
H furnish homes, fiats, rooming- H
houses and hotels.'. Credit given H
and goods delivered " free within 8
ioo miles of San 'Francisco. We a
, close at 6 o'clock. i
| T. "Brilliant I
. FURNITURE CO,, I
338-342 POST STREET. |
Op^oFlte Union Snuar«>. . .: »
WftALACE HOTEL**
• Visitors "to San Francisco who make
their headquarters at these hotels en-
* Joy; comforts and conveniences I not ' to
b« obtained elsewhere.. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
*GRAND HOTEL*Steamer Movements.
- NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the deptn
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is tha mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
.¦ A 'woman occasionally talks "about her
self—if there are no other. women to talk
about.- » ' " ¦ -• ¦ • • • ¦•
Twenty dollars, including, berth and
meals, for a five days' trip on the elegant
steamship Corona, ssliing every Friday
for San Petf o and Los Angeles, calling at
Santa Cruz, Monterey, Port Harford, Gav
lota. Santa Barbara Ventura and- other
Interesting: -points, allowing time for pas
sengers to co ashore, arriving 1 • at San
Francisco Wednesday morning. Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, office 4 New
v-"to-ninery street, uuder Palace Hotel.
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
That: is "what'' everybody is v. having, at
the Clothing ! Assignee Sale. Men's j suits
and overcoats that cost $15 are being sold
for 54.65.V.- Mind'. you," these suits'are In
checks and stripes of .the latest weaves.
Woolen cheviots of various . shades,- tan;
covert and oxford gray. Overcoats worth
$1" sold this week for $4.65. at' the Cloth
ing AssIgnee'Sale of the Boston, 773 Mar
ket street."- near'' Fourth.' '-. ;. ¦ •
}a. High Old Time.
Time Ball. :^-f.'
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. S. N., Mer
. chants'. .. Exchange, j San , Francisco, , Cal.,
. '.April .30. .1901: . .. .....-• •-
The time ball on the towei; of the new Ferry
building? was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.,' Greenwich time.' "¦ ' - -
C. Q. CALKINS,
Lieutenant 1 CommanderyU. S. N:,~ in charge.
Mr. Kingsland was formerly chief of the
Sherman, but latterly he has been super
intending the repairs to the Warren. He
Js a great favorite with the engineers, and
a few weeks ago. when they heard that
it was his intention to leave the sea, they
presented him with a handsome silver
service. - • . •
Chief Engineer George R. Kingsland of
the armv transport Warren has resigned
his position to become assistant marine
superintendent of the Risdon Iron "Works
First Assistant W. H . Phillips of the
Thomas takes Mr. Klngsland's place on
the Warren. O. M. Hickey, the efficient
second assistant <}f the Sherman, becomes
first assistant engineer of the Warren;
P. Mclntyre, third engineer of the Sher
man, goes second, and H. Smith, formerly
junior of the Sherman, goes third assist
ant entrineer of the Warren.
Changes on the "Warren.
The cannery tender Francis Cutting put
back to port in distress yesterday. She
left here April 27 for Karluk, and the next
day. when 100 mijes west northwest of
San Francisco, she sprang a leak. It was
blowing a northwest gaie at the time, but
immediately she was headed for San
Francisco it began to storm from the
southeast. The Cutting is leaking badly
end will have to go on the drydock for
repairs.
Put Eack in Distress.
Cable advices from Japan state that the
American ship R, D. Rice has been burned
to the water's edge. She arrived April 11
from Philadelphia at Hiogo, Japan, and
must have discharged the bulk of her
cargo of oil. The loss of the Rice will
come hard on the California Shipping
Company. Soon after the concern was in
corporated it lost the May Flint in this
harbor; the Henry Falling took a year
to make the voyage from New York to
Hawaii; the John McDonald is now out
225 days from Baltimore for San Fran
cisco and 90 per cent is offered to reinsure
her chances. Now comes the loss of the
R. D. Rice. The California Shipping Com
pany carries its own insurance on all its
vessels.
Loss of the It. D. Bice.
Tho German ship Edmund comes off the
drydock to-day, after a thorough over*
hauling. The big steamship Hawaiian
also comes off the drydock and will begin
loading at Oakland long wharf to-day.
Captain Leale of the steamer Caroline
is going to celebrate May day by giving 1
all the children at San Quentin an excur
sion on the bay.
The British bark Invergarry' arrived
from Newcastle, Australia, yesterday- She
was caught in two storms during the run,
but was not damaged to any extent.
The schooner Falcon has been chartered
to take a cargo of kerosene oil to St.
Michael.
Water Front Notes. ¦
BRISBANE— Arrived April 27— Br stmr Mlo
wera. from Vancouver.
CALETA BUENA- In port April 6— Ger ship
Neck ' ¦
GERALTON— In port March 30— Br bark
Rose.
ANTWERP-In port April 19— Br ship Chry
somene, for San Francisco; FT bark Kllmory,
for San Francisco.
LAS PALMAS— Arrived April 12— Ger stmr
Ammon, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— In port April 17— Br ship Lady
Wentworth, for' San Francisco; Br ship Glen
lai'led April 27— Fr bark Marechal de Tu
renne, for San Francisco. *
- LONG ISLAND— Passed April 29— Br bark
Inveramsay.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived April 6— Schr Fores
ter, from Port Gamble.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— In port loading April 9
—Bark Charles B Kenney, for Honolulu ; bark
Coryphene, for Honolulu; ship Fort George,
for Honolulu; bktn Gleaner, for Honolulu; ship
Gov Roble, for Honolulu; ship Hawaiian Isles,
for Honolulu; schr H D Bendlxen, for Hono
lulu; ship Mary L .Cushing, for Honolulu; ship
Oddersjaa, for Honolulu; bark Oregon, for
Honolulu: Br stmr Royalist, for San Fran
cisco; bark Rufus E Wood, for Honolulu; bktn
Ruth, for Honolulu; ship Servla, for Honolulu;
ship Star 'of Italy, for Honolulu; bark St
James, for Honolulu; Br ship Australian, for
San Francisco; Br ship Balasore, for: San
Francisco; Br ship for. San .Fran
cisco; Br ship DunfKermline. for San Fran
cisco; schr Irene, for San, Francisco; .Br bark
Montebelle. for San Francisco. ,
Sailed March 22— Bark Louisiana, for Honor
lulu. March 28— Br bark Battle • Abbey, fop
Honolulu; Br ship Cardiganshire, for San
Francisco. March 15 — Schr Columbia, for
Honolulu. April 1— Schr King Cyprus, for
Honolulu. April 4— Bark Alex McNelll, for
Honolulu., April 6— Bktn "¦ John Palmer, .for
Honolulu. . April 6— Br ship Lancing, for , San
Francisco. • April 7— Ship ¦ Marlon Chllcott, " for
Honolulu.
•: SYDNEY— In port April 9— Schr A B < John
son, for Newcastle and Honolulu; schr Ameri
cana, Br bark Dominion, ' ship Emtly Reed,
ship Great Admiral, Br ship Lancing, .for Ban
Francisco: Br bark Melanope, ¦- for Honolulu;
Bchr Oliver J. Olsen, for Honolulu and New
castle: Aus ship 8t Nicholas, ¦ for ¦ Honolulu. -."
NANAIMO— Sailed. April 30— Br Btmr Milton,
for San Francisco. . .
OCEAN STEAMERS. • . ; ;
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April / 80— Stmr Taeo-'
ma, from Tacoma, for. Hongkong;- stmr "Vic
toria,'from Tacoma, for. Hongkong. --- ¦:'•.-
•-. Sailed April 20— Stmr Gleno_le, from Hong
kong, etc, for Victoria, B C. "•. .'
• PHILADELPHIA — Arrived ; Aoril ¦ 80-Stmr
Calif ornlan, from San Francisco. Honolulu,
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived April 20— Stmr Zea
landia, from Port Los Angeles. April 22— Stmr
Centennial, from Seattle. April 23— U S stmr
Logan, hence April 15; stmr Sierra, from Syd
ne Sailed April 19— Schr. Bangror. for Puget
Sound. April 20— Bark Olympic, for San Fran
cisco. April 22— U S stmr Kilpatrick. for Ma
nila. April 23— Bark Mohican, for San Fran
cisco; schr Jessie Minor, for Eureka. •
KAHULUI— Arrived April IT— Brie Lurllne,
hence April 3. .
Sailed April 15— Schr Metha Nelson, for San
MAHUKON A— Sailed April 16— Schr O M
Kellcer, for Kahululand Hana.
HILO— Arrived April 18— Bark Martha Da
vis, hence April 6. April 1»— Ship Falls of
Clyde, hence April 7. .
Sailed April 18— Bark Santiago, for San
Francisco. . .
ISLAND PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, April 30, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HUENEME— Sailed April 30— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco. . ¦ .„,,.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 29— Stmr Elihu
Thomson, for Valdez; stmr City of Seattle
and stmr Al-Ki, for Skagufcy.
Arrived April 29— Stmr Rainier, hence April
25. April 80— Stmr Hyades, hence April 26.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 30— Stmr
Robert R Hind, hence April 20, for Seattle.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 30— Schr
Louis, hence April 19.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed April 30— Schr
Excelsior, for San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived April 30— Stmr Noyo,
hence April 29. * .
Sailed April 30— Stmrs Ruth, and Pomona,
for San Francisco. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 29— Schr W
J Patterson, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 30— Stmr Geo "W
Elder, hence April 28.
TELEGR4PHIC.
• April 15, lat 23 N, Ion 40 W— Br ship Angle
sey, hence Dec 23, for Queenstown: all wen.
April 9, no position given— Fr bark Louis
Pasteur, from Portland, Or, for Queenstown.
April 11, lat 15 N, Ion 31 W— Br ship Cen
tesima, from Tacoma, for Antwerp. ' .
SPOKEN.
RETURNED,
Tuesday. April 30.
Stmr Francis Cutting, Hagerup. hence April
27 fOB Karluk, returned on account of spring
ing leak April 28, 100 miles WNW of San
Francisco.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 30. •
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. ..
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst; Tillamook. ¦ • :
Schr Newark. Crangle, .
Stmr Bonita, Nopander. San Pedro.
Btmr South Portland, Hall, Seattle.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Astoria.
Br . ehin Criccleth Castle, Davies, . Queens-
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Rio Rey, Miller. Mendocino.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 30. .
Stmr Chehallc (new), Thompson, 60 hours
from Eureka, in tow of tug Sea King. •
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, 38 hours from Eu
rclcu.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, 21 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 6 days.
Br bark Invergarry, Kendrick, 76 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Helene, Nicholson, 9 days 2 hours from
Honolulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
provisions, 3 cs arms and ammunition, 33 pkgs
hardware. 19 cs canned goods, 345 bbls flour,
745G rbs rice. 1780 lbs Deans. 45 cs salmon, 2010
lbs bread, 8 era bicycles, 80 bdls shooks, ; 10
cs coal oil, 15 cs oils, 47 colls cordage, C4 grind
stones, 20 cs Boap, 14 pkgs ship chandlery,
23.759 ft lumber.
An additional manifest has been reported at
the custom-house for .the steamer San Juan,
which sailed Monday for Panama and way
ports, valued at $2761 and destined for Central
America. The manifest included the follow
ing: 40 cs olis, 305 reels wire. 25 kegs staples.
22 cs electrical supplies, 38 bbls flour, 28 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 40 cs wine. 24 cs
paint, 500 gals coal oil, S pkgs machinery.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
eteamer Australia, which sailed yesterday for
Tahiti,' carried the following '.merchandise
valued at $5259: 29 pkgs millwork, 3 pkgs ma
chinery, 24 keg* nails, 3 pkga eaddlery, 10 bales
twine, 9 pkgs dry good3, 12 pkgs groceries an.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
A new four-masted barkentine for tht
coast trade has Just been launched at
Seattle. She was built by Moran Bros, for
the Charles Nelson Company of San
Francisco and will make her maiden voy
age to Australia. The new vessel-has-been
named James Johnson. - A peculiarity of
her launching was that she was dropped
into the water sideways.- The accompany
ing snapshot is an excellent picture of the
James Johnson when she took the water.
The new barkentine is 235 feet over all, 41
feet beam and 19 feet deep. She will load
at the St. Paul and Tacoma Lumber Com
pany's mill for Australia and willtake-a
cargo of coal from Newcastle to Hono
lulu and a load of sugar from 1 Honolulu to
San Francisco. Captain K. Bennecke,
formerly of the schooner. Mary. .Winkle
man, will be master of the James John
son. •. •• •- > *B3«_m
Johnson Launched at Seattle.
Alexander McCulloch and wife, Henry G.
Cooley and wife. Miss M. E. Marshall. George
T. Bell and wife. Miss Agnes Bell, Miss May
Bell James K. Chase, Thomas McD. Caffary
and wife, Thomas Orr, George F. Thompson,
George H. Bartlett. H. H. Schlapp, W. ¦Wig
more and wife. Miss F. Wlgmore, Mrs. M.
Soule, George Darrell, William Hooper and
wife. J. Tapley. William Mitchell, H. C. Bell,
C H Bell Ed E Rant and wife, C. E. Robin
son 'Miss Blanche .Robinson, F. Martin, Wil
liam E. Bailey. Dr. E. J. McCardle. Miss Ann
Jackson, Miss Mary Jackson. Mrs. Louisa Mar
tindale. Miss Louisa Martindale, Miss Hilda
Martindale, Hubert Thompson, Charles A.
Hawkins, Ernest Walker, James C. Neill, R.
G. Neill, James Gould and wife, Harry New
march. Piercy Burnell and wife, W.D. War
rington-Morris, Mrs. H. Hales, L. C. Hales,
Baron and Baroness Bultzingslower, James
Parke. Very Rev. M. Buckley, R. S. D. Fil
kin Miss A. N. Bolton. Miss T. E. Bolton,
S Bolton F. K. Btubbins, J. H. Gowilie and
wife Miss F. de Sousa, N. Frenhof, J. Lawson,
P Patterson, G. Patterson and wife, William
Thornley. C. H. White. William F. Waketield
and wife. Dr. Roderick Macleod, John Samp
son, James Marshall. James McGrath, Miss M.
David Andrew Holmes, Miss Alice Holmes,
G A ' J. Schotel, J. S. Talt. Mrs. J. S. Tait,
J " B Talt, John W. Hervitz. C. Wlnnett. W.
B Lloyd W. B. Japp, W. J. Cook and wife,
Alexander Norris and wife. Miss Jessie Norrls,
John A. Abbott, David M. Haum. Miss E.
Wilson. J. Darrow, Mrs. M. Kerr, N. P. Wes
tenskow. S. W. Peel.
From Honolulu— W. J. Nead and wife. J. L.
Barker and wife. Misses Barker, H. Wolf, S.
D Rumsey Mrs. Campbell. F. Benson, P.
Schneider. W. W. Roblee, H. W Johnson, II.
H. Edmonds, S. Nichols, H. D. Waller. W. A<
Backhouse; L. von Tempsky, wife and two
children- J. C. B. Hubbard. H. " Elckoff , Mrs.
Cushing- R N. Fowler, wife, child. and maid;
George Turner. O. F. Schall and wife, Mrs.
B D Taylor, Miss Taylor, W. C. W. Reamy.
Mrs. Founsett and nurse, C. A. Burns, Miss
Davison Mrs. Ordway. Miss M. Smith, J.
Gavin and wife, J. Burrows, A. Irish. Miss
Clyne. Miss A. Phillips, Dr. Miner, Miss L.
E Wilcox J. Plitts, H. Waterhouse and wife,
Mrs. A. B. Hood, D. C. Lindsay, Miss
Mathews C. M. Smith and wife. J. Nelson,
W Rennie. Mr. Galr. Mr. Bradley. Mrs.
Adams, Mies Gair. R. T. L»es. L. G. Bees. F.
Dohrman Jr., W. Bogen Jr., S. Sachs, iUss
A C Longabaugh, Miss L. J. Burdick. J. B.
Fisher and wife, N. F. Kennedy and wife,
S J. Shaw, Miss Newton, J. F. Cheatham. Dr.
E. Bunell F. A. Gartner. Mrs. Gartner. W.
Gartner; Dr. Herbert, wife and two children;
Mrs. Carmichael and child, F. L. Dortch, Cap
tain Watson, wife and child; J. Flower, E. B.
McClanahan and wife, Rev. G. Glover.
? -v '
BTJTI/T FOR- THE COAST THAD3.
New Four-Masted Barkentine James
a-ir^HE Oceanic Steamship Company s
II Sierra arrived from Australasian
I ports early yesterday morning. She
11 was delayed twenty-four hours at
Honolulu and was in consequence
l"te ce*ting here.
"in order to get the English mall that
came upon the Sierra away some very
quick work had to be done. Even as it
iva-^ the railroad authorities had to be
appealed to and the Limited Express was
held thirty-seven minutes at the request
of John D/ Spreckels, president of the
steamship company. The train leaves the
Oakland mole promptly at 10 a. tn. and it
was five minutes after that hour before
the Sierra was at her wharf. Assistant
Superintendent of Mails Cooper went per
se nally to the Oceanic wharf and checked
the 235 bags of mail into the wagons. The
teams were driven directly aboard the
regular ferry boat and on the way across
Mr Cooper made out his way bills. Once
on the other side the mail was packed in
to two cars and the express started.^ If
ail goes well the train will arrive in New
York, Saturday at 2:15 p. m. The Lucania
is scheduled to sail for Liverpool at 4 p.
m If the necessary connections are made
the mail will arrive in England ontime
The Sierra comes back mto port with
three records to her credit and all hands
are jubilant in consequence. She made
"I runfmm here to Sydney in nineteen
days ten hours and five minutes, the last
leg between Auckland and Sydney being
covered in three days three hours and
three minutes. Coming home the mail
boat made the run from Pago Pago to
Honolulu in six days four hours, thus
beating' the Sonoma's record by four
hours The Sonoma was passed one day
out from Pago Pago, making fourteen and
one-half knots. After leaving Honolulu
there was another mishap to the star
board engine, but even with that disability
she was making contract time.
j The Sierra. left the United States navy
collier Abarenda in port at Pago Pago.
The first and second cabin passengers
who came up on the Sierra were from
Sydney, N. S. W.; Auckland, N. Z.; and
Pago Pago. The following is the list:
Hilo. Corona and St Lucia, via Newport News.
! NEW YORK— Arrived April 30— Stmr Chris
tiana,' from Naples; stmr Grosser Kurfust,
from Bremen: stmr Cevlc, from Liverpool. ¦
Sailed April 20— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm'der
Grosse, for Bremen, via Cherbourg; stmr Lau
rentian, from Glasgow; stmr. Cymric, .for Liv
erpool.- ¦•• ; '"• . - ¦ •-". f - ',
NAPLES— Arrived April 30— Stmr Olga, from
San Francisco. <..-- - - .-•» '"•
GLASGOW— 'Arrived April 30— Stmr Astoria,
from New York. ¦ '
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 30— Stmr Al
tonla, f rom: Boston, for Liverpool. '
LIVERPOOL— Sailed, April 30— Stmr Cufr,
for New York. ' ¦ -
PLYMOUTH— Sailed April 30— Stmr Pennsyl
vania." from Hamburg-, for New York.
QUEEXSTOWN— Sailed April 30— Stmr Vad
erland, from New York.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast - and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and i Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance ' to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
th« height of tide is the same at both places.
• LAUNCHING OF THE FOUR-MASTED BARKENTINE JAMES. JOHNSON. SHE WAS PUT INTO THE WATER
SIDEWAYS OWING TO LACK OF SEA ROOM. SHE IS FOR THE COAST TRADE AND WILL FLY CHARLES
NELSON COMPANY'S FLAG. !
The Pacific Commercial Museum has j
dee'ded to exploit the Philippine Islands
as thoroughly as may be done for the
purpose of collecting an exhibit that shall j
faciiitate trade between the t'nited States j
an-1 the islands' as much as possible. In j
pursuance of this decision Director Good- j
win has prepared instructions for an agent
of the museum, who is now at Manila.
The main object of the museum Is to j
learn what articles are now found to be I
mavketable in the islands, under what |
conditions thej' are marketed, how i
packed, how • delivered, the price they ,
brir.g and In fact all the commercial facts
that concern them. In addition to this in
quiry will be made concerning the pro
ducts of the islands, such as hemp and
other articles that can enter into the com
mercial consideration of the merchants
cf this country. Samples will be collect
ed for the museum of all goods sold in
the Philippines and all leading native
products of the islands and descriptive
matter will also be gathered to give the
merchants and manufacturers the fullest
posfible information.
Mere complete collections than have
been made by the Philadelphia museum In
the Philippines are desired on the Pacific
Crest, the merchants of which have large
expectations in the direct trade line. In
fact it is found that the Pacific Museum
will gain advantage by specializing in
collections in Central and South America
and in the Orient. The Philadelphia mu<
seum attempts to cover the entire world,
including countries that the Pacific Coast
has little hope to trade with. With thla
gigantic enterprise in hand the Phlladel
phians are not able to pay the attention
to the Pacific countries that is considered
necessary here. • •
The instructions to the J*hiUppin«
agent of the Commercial Museum will- go
forward by the next mail to Manila,
Pacific Commercial Museum Will Ex
ploit the Islands.
ntrcet communicatfon will in all prob
abilitv be established in the near future
between this port and Manila. The mer
chants'of this city have been striving for
months to attain this end. A committee
consisting of George A. Newhall. repre
senilae the Chamber of Commerce;
Gec:ge "\V, McXear of the Produce Ex
change, and Andrew J. Carrigan of the
San Frar.ci.3co Board of Trade was sent to
Washir.iston for the purpose of inducing
the adrnini-straticn to assist San Francisco ;
in securing a direct line of steamships |
with the islar.d possessions. The com- j
mittecmen arrived home last night after]
having seen the President and the mem- J
r-prs of the Cabinet. Although they were |
not prepared to announce to what extent j
concessions had been granted, they stated j
that their mission met with unexpected j
success. ¦ . .
The President and his Ministers received I
the representatives of this city with great j
affability anil met them half way on every j
proposition they advanced for the better- j
mem of the coast trade. . ,
The Government ships great quantities
of supplies each month to the Philippines, t
and Hitherto this work has been per- ;
formed by the Government transports. It
was to induce the administration to as- r
sist in the establishment of a direct i
etcamship line by transferring a portion j
of the monthiv shipment of supplies to ]
a private lire that the committee was :
sent East. A strong plea was made on. i
behalf of the project on the ground that |
the carrying of the Government supplies :
on the Atlantic coast by private parties
has long been sanctioned and with con
siderable profit to the national treasury.
The committee was delighted with the
reception which they received at the
hands of the administration. Every cour- !
tesv ¦was extended to them. In speaking j
of 'their mooting: with t'-« Prpsi<i^"t I
George A. Newhall said: "I never real
ized that McKinley possessed so magnetic
a personality or that he was so pleasant j
and agreeable. Everything: that we pro
posed for the improvement of the Pacific 1
Coast trade conditions was listened to
vith attention and granted as far as was
possible. In regard to the Western tour,
the people of New York consider it a wise
plan and believe that the country will be
benefited by it; but the people of Wash
ington, who regard the President as their
own personal property, do not look upon
it in the same snirit."
Direct Communication Will
Be Established With
Manila.
Committee From Com
merciar Bodies Meets
With Success.
BACK FROM TRIP
TO WASHINGTON
ANOTHER SLAVE
TO BE DEPORTED
United States Attorney
"Woodworth Wins
a Victory.
Jung Ling Heung Is Not Pro
duced and Bail May Be
Forfeited.
When the caseW Li Ah Yin, the slave
girl, was called yesterday in United States
Court Commissioner Heacock's chambers,
Attorneys Shortridge and " Boardman
asked for a continuance on the ground
that they had not been able to find the
five Chinese witnesses who, they had been
assured, would swear that the girl wa.»
born at No. 741 Dupont street.
'United States District Attorney Wood
worth opposed the motion for delay, xle
said that he would admit that the China
men, if present, . would testify as Mr.
Shortridge had said, but he wished It to
be understood explicitly that he did not
admit that such testimony would be the
truth.
Judge Heacock denied the motion to
continue the case, and announced that the
girl had failed to prove that she y as a
native of the United States, but that on
the contrary he was convinced that she
had been landed by fraudulent representa
tions and false testimony, and he would
therefore recommend her deportation.
The case of Jung Ling Heung, another
slave girl, was called in the afternoon,
but she did not appear. Messrs. Short
ridge and Boardman announced that the
Chinaman who had employed them as at
torneys in the case had telephoned that
he had secured other attorneys, and that
Srxrtridge and Boarflman were present
mtrely as a matter of courtesy to the
court.
The hearing was continued until 11
o'clock this forenoon. MK Woodworth no
tified the surety company and the backers
of the woman that if she failed to appear
the bonds of $3000 would be forfeited.
BEATS HIS CHILD WITH
A STRAP AND BUCKLE
One-Armed Vender of Newspapers
Inflicts a Severe Whipping on
His Daughter.
. May Burdick, a 14-year-old school girl.
who lives with her parents at 81 Rausch
street, will to-day at the instigation of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children swear out a warrant for the
arrest of her father, who brutally beat
her. The father is a one-armed vender
of newspapers and has an ungovernable
temper. He has taken a dislike to his
daughter and on every occasion, it is al
leged, has chastised her severely.
- On Sunday last he struck the girl over
the 'head with a strdp and the buckle at
tached to it cut a deep gash in her head.
He beat her unmercifully on the shoulders
and body and the marks of the blows are
still in evidence. The Humane Society
learned of the cruelty and yesterday re
moved the girl from her surroundings.
She. will be placed in. a good home. An
effort will be made to have the parent
punished for his cruelty.
QUESTIONS SOUNDNESS OF
HYPPOLITE DUTARiyS MIND
Theklay D. Kleinclaus Files Contsst
to Decedent's Will and Makes
Various Charges.
A contest to the will of the late Hyp
polite. Dutard was filed yesterday by
Theklay D-utard Kleinclaus, decedent's
sister.
.Hyppolite Dutard died April 15, 1900,
leaving an estate valued at $2,500,000. On
April 18, 1900, decedent's will was offered
for probate. The will was dated March
4, 1900, and was accompanied by a codicil
bearing date of March 31, 1900.
This will and codicil, Mrs. Kleinclaus
alleges, were executed by the deceased. If
at all. while he was of unsound mind.
Divers persons, she alleges, also conspired
to secure- a will in their favor and, tak
ing advantage of Dutard's unsoundness
of mind and the fact that he was kept
under the influence of drugs and nar
cotics, they unduly influenced him to ex
ecute a will in their favor and against the
interests of the petitioner.
. Mrs. Kleinclaus is represented by At
torneys Knight & Heggerty. The contest
has been assigned to Judge Coff ey's de
partment for trial. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 1901
1 , ¦ /¦¦'..-¦¦., | '.¦¦¦¦ ¦.'.¦:'--¦.. ¦'.<: '.. . - . ,
Thirty Seven Minutes -After the iSte^j^i||tE>oic|p| -^he Mafl^|G^s
¦ Were Aboard the* Limited Express; and^on : gJfieir.;" : ;-W^, :tQ
New . York—Quick Work of Railway ¦ Mail ; Service Officials
ENGLISH MAIL BY SIERRA RACING
AGASINT TIME TO CATCH LUCANA
WEDNESDAY, MAY 1.
8
SEEK PSILIPPIITE BUSINESS.
Sun.rises ..¦.."...
Sun sets
Moon sets
mme
Date JFt.
L W!
1 ... 4:05 ~~0.7
t ... 4:41 0.4
8 ... 5:15 0.1
4-... 5:50 0.0
5 ... 6:26 ..0.2
H W
6 ... 0:04 5.5
7 ... 0:35 5.3
...... :..5:14
:..7:00
.3:50 a. m.
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
H W L W '
10:49 4.6 3:49 2.0
11:34 4.6 4:20 2.2
12:16 4.6 4:53 2.5
1:00 4.5 5:25 2.8
1:45 4.6 6:00 3.0
L W H W
7:05 —0.2 2:30 4.4
7:48 —0.1 3:15 4.5
Time
Ft.
H W
10:20 6.7
10:44 5.6
11:09 6.8
11:33 5.6
6:40 3.2
7:27 8.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City..
Matteawan
Santa Ana
Pomona
Peru............
Corona.
San Jose.
Valencia
Arcata
Argo
Coronado
W. H. Krujcer..
Umatllla..
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
North Fork
Progreso.. ......
Argyll
San Pedro......
Eureka
Grace Dollar...
Mandalay
Washtenaw....
Milton
Adato.
G. W. Elder...
Denderah
Bonlta
Queen
Hyades
City of Puebla.
Zealandla
Rainier
Crescent City .'.
Tacoma
Seattle & Tacoma — ..
Humboldt
Panama & Way-- Ports
Newport
Champerlco
Oyster Harbor ...:
Coos Bay
Coqullle River
Ban Pedro
Ban Pedro
Puget Sound Ports —
San Diego
Point Arena
Humboldt
Tacoma ,.
N. T. via Panama....
Humboldt
Humboldt
Ban Pedro
Coqullle River
Tacoma
N'analmo .*
Portland .,...'
Portland & Astoria....
Hamburg: & "Way Ports
Newport
San Diego ....
Seattle
Puget Sound Ports
Honolulu
Seattle
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Tanls..
Eureka
Queen.:
Walla Walla.
Dora ..
Coronado.....
W. Kruger...
Fulton
Arcata
Argo
Pomona
Corona. .......
Nippon Maru.
Columbia.....
Peru
May 1.
Hamburg & Way..
"-lumboldt
tan Diego
Puget . Sound Ports
Nome via Seattle..
May 2.
Grays Harbor ....
TUlamook Bay ....
May 3.
Grays Harbor
Coos Bay
Coqullle River
Humboldt
Newport
China & Japan
Astoria- & Portland
Valparaiso & Way
Mny 4.
Grays Harbor......
Humboldt
Point -Arena
. ... May 5.
San Diego
. . May 6.
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt ' . .'
May T.
Newport ............
Mexican Ports.:....
Coqullle ./River.. .*.'..
[10 am
9 am
9 am
11 am
2 pm
5 pm
5 pml
6 pm
12 m
12 m
2 pm
9 am
1 pm
11 am
12 m
Pier 27
Pier 13
Pier 11
Tier 9
Pier 34
Pier 2
[Pier 13
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier S4
Gr. Dollar. . .
San Pedro....
Point Arena..
5 pm
10 am
2 pm
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Santa Rosa..
9 am
Pier 11
Umatllla.....
North Fork...
11 am
9 am
Pier J
Pier 2
Bonlta........
Curacao
Mandalay —
I 9 am'
10 am
IPIer 11
I Pier 11
Pier 2
Sun.rises ..¦.."...
Sun sets
Moon sets
mme
Date JFt.
L W!
1 ... 4:05 ~~0.7
t ... 4:41 0.4
8 ... 5:15 0.1
4-... 5:50 0.0
5 ... 6:26 ..0.2
H W
6 ... 0:04 5.5
7 ... 0:35 5.3
...... :..5:14
:..7:00
.3:50 a. m.
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
H W L W '
10:49 4.6 3:49 2.0
11:34 4.6 4:20 2.2
12:16 4.6 4:53 2.5
1:00 4.5 5:25 2.8
1:45 4.6 6:00 3.0
L W H W
7:05 —0.2 2:30 4.4
7:48 —0.1 3:15 4.5
Time
Ft.
H W
10:20 6.7
10:44 5.6
11:09 6.8
11:33 5.6
6:40 3.2
7:27 8.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City..
Matteawan
Santa Ana
Pomona
Peru............
Corona.
San Jose.
Valencia
Arcata
Argo
Coronado
W. H. Krujcer..
Umatllla..
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
North Fork
Progreso.. ......
Argyll
San Pedro......
Eureka
Grace Dollar...
Mandalay
Washtenaw....
Milton
Adato.
G. W. Elder...
Denderah
Bonlta
Queen
Hyades
City of Puebla.
Zealandla
Rainier
Crescent City .'.
Tacoma
Seattle & Tacoma — ..
Humboldt
Panama & Way-- Ports
Newport
Champerlco
Oyster Harbor ...:
Coos Bay
Coqullle River
Ban Pedro
Ban Pedro
Puget Sound Ports —
San Diego
Point Arena
Humboldt
Tacoma ,.
N. T. via Panama....
Humboldt
Humboldt
Ban Pedro
Coqullle River
Tacoma
N'analmo .*
Portland .,...'
Portland & Astoria....
Hamburg: & "Way Ports
Newport
San Diego ....
Seattle
Puget Sound Ports
Honolulu
Seattle
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
May
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Tanls..
Eureka
Queen.:
Walla Walla.
Dora ..
Coronado.....
W. Kruger...
Fulton
Arcata
Argo
Pomona
Corona. .......
Nippon Maru.
Columbia.....
Peru
May 1.
Hamburg & Way..
"-lumboldt
tan Diego
Puget . Sound Ports
Nome via Seattle..
May 2.
Grays Harbor ....
TUlamook Bay ....
May 3.
Grays Harbor
Coos Bay
Coqullle River
Humboldt
Newport
China & Japan
Astoria- & Portland
Valparaiso & Way
Mny 4.
Grays Harbor......
Humboldt
Point -Arena
. ... May 5.
San Diego
. . May 6.
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt ' . .'
May T.
Newport ............
Mexican Ports.:....
Coqullle ./River.. .*.'..
[10 am
9 am
9 am
11 am
2 pm
5 pm
5 pml
6 pm
12 m
12 m
2 pm
9 am
1 pm
11 am
12 m
Pier 27
Pier 13
Pier 11
Tier 9
Pier 34
Pier 2
[Pier 13
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier S4
Gr. Dollar. . .
San Pedro....
Point Arena..
5 pm
10 am
2 pm
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Santa Rosa..
9 am
Pier 11
Umatllla.....
North Fork...
11 am
9 am
Pier J
Pier 2
Bonlta........
Curacao
Mandalay —
I 9 am'
10 am
IPIer 11
I Pier 11
Pier 2
ADV__RTISEMENT_. V •, •; j
STOMACHS THAT WONT WORK]
' . . ~~; ¦_. . ¦ -. •¦' I
Ttiat Retain the Food and lUfuse to }
Digest It, Make the Head Heavy,'
and the Nerves "Weak, Need '¦'.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. ;
There Is a cure for dyspepsia. Sufferers !
who have tried noxious nostrums will j
probably be skeptical, but skepticism van* j
ishes when Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are i
tried. Whether the trouble Is dyspepsia of i
long standing, or merely a simple case of
indigestion, relief is prompt and pro-
nounced. The less the trouble the fewer
tablets need be taken.
Heaviness after eating, sour stomach,
as indicated . by belching, fatigue with
slight exertion, or with no exertion at all,
disturbed sleep, nervousness, constipation,
depression, "blues," these things can com-
monly be set down as symptoms of dys~
pepsia. And dyspepsia is merely indlges*
tlon in an aggravated form, l
By promotia«r perfect digestion, Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets produce strong nerves,
restful, refreshing sleep, pure blood and
good sound healthy flesh. They make the
skin clear, the eyes bright, the mind
cheerful. . -
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a medi-
cine and more than a medicine. iThey di-
gest the food and make it easy of assimi-
lation, and they relieve the Inflamed, dis-
eased condition of the membranous lin- I
ings and the glands of the stomach and
bowels. They help the digestive organs
over the hard places, and put them into a
healthy, a<5tlve condition. They; effect a
quick and permanent cure. -You don't
have to continue taking them forever, still
it is well to have a box handy and take
one at the first return of the trouble.
, Perfectly well people are mad6' sick by
eating too much, or unwholesome food,
but not if they take a tablet after eating.
Treatment with Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets does not r.ecessltate dieting or any
change of habita. They digest the proper
food and act upon the other kind In such
n way as to make it pass off quickly and
harmlessly. You may eat and drink what
you like, when you like, and as much as
you like if you take a tablet afterward.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are 'sold by
all druggists at 50 cents for full size pack-
age. • ¦¦¦• . ¦ ¦ • -
< Send to F. A. Stuart Co. , Marshall.
Mich., for little book on stomach diseases,
mailed free.
tlERCES
FAVORITE
SUMPTION
, , R WEAK WOMEN,
_^*__4_H_____«m M Bf & 6 Is a non-polsonota
4_r_CN__P^^^iB__n rpmedj for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
I M^^fl-a\ to6d»7>.^H Whiter unnatural dij-
aHf Ooumntecd qR charge , or any inflooima-
nj not to atrietore. tion, 1 ritation or ulcera-
eonugion. ¦ tion ,f mucous mem*
KelTKEEvANSCHEUICJiCo. branes. Non-astringent.
- W-_-C1HCIHNATI.0._BH_l Sold fa y Progglatc.
USA ___B or Bent 1D plain ¦vrrapXKW,
_M_B|___^ *>T expresB, prepaid, for
0 »l fj.OO, or 3 bottles, J2.73.
!^^^____^ir ¦ CI. Jular lent oa requoi*.
(1 -patents! J)
>2_^-S0?^ETSrsk^SSrv
BAHWAY TSAVEL. --~^
g Just a little better . .
I than an* other train |
| —a little better service- '
a a more homelike
9 feeling on the
CALIFORNIA
1IIMITED
H than you find elsewhere, ,
| and it runs like this
I i F.VFS SAW FRANCISCO
19 an Kon Tues Wod Thur Fri Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Won Tues Wed j
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO I
ON THE , I
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
) fll-In Line. Foot of Market Stowt)
MEAT- - FBOH ATKU. 23. 180L - ««"
7:30A BenfcU, Sultun, Elmlr-, V-CMflle.
Bnnwej _nd a_or_i_e_«> 7»o«»P
7 .30A D.TU. Woodland. Knight. L.ndl_S.
Marseille. Oro»UIe_. -y~": ,i«I
¦7:3Oa Atlantic Kxpreas-Ogdon *ndK«rt ia_*3*
8:O»a Martinez, San Kamon, Vallojo. N»p_,
f_H»tPf_-nd8anU Rom... .•.••• OIJW
8:00a liTemorrt, Stockton, H-nford, VU»-
lta. rorterfille !_•• ***'*'
S:OOa Nllw. JLathxop. Merced, Fresco, Ba- 4jMf
S:3»a Sn-^ fl F"p««^iM^Wniiam.««
Bartiett Springs). Willows. Bed „
Blufl. Portlaud. •_:••_?••"
•iSOASau Joae. lltermore. S^f" 0 "'
lone Sacramento. • PlacenUle.
_I_rV.»IH«. Cbico. K«l IIMIt...- ¦»»* 3 »
S:3«» OakO-le. Chineae (Yoaemlte). So- 4jS3y
9:00* Ha^rUrNlUrand wkVsuUon;: U.MA
UtOO_Lofl Angeles Express — Martinet,
Tracy, lathrop. Htockton. Merced
. 8 _o A v& n .Ylafu^^X-8V.-^ l>*}
IV:«ttA The OTerUmi Limited— OgdOD, _>«n- __
»er. Omaha, Chicago «? _2_
? l:OOp Sacramento Hit er ?'<>•"•'••».•,"•" '? M#
*:3UP Haywarda. Nile* »"<i Way Stations. 7.3S»
3:3" r Port Costa. MartintB Lathrop. Met- __
ced : Bexertda (Yoaemite), Fresno.. 7 «*o_-
«i««r Beuicia. Wintera, Haeraiujiito.
Woo.llaml, KiilgUU Landluj.
»Ur»B»Hle. Oroflll I#:08a
_!•»»> Marline*. Han Kainoti. Vallejo.
Nairn. t.'-lLli.ga. Sn.iU Ko«a...... •¦"•»*
¦•rOOr Nile*. Uwrmor., Stoekton. todl... '•:*"_¦
¦i-.xntr Haywards. Mies Sa..Joae.IJT«n_oi» tS-33<-
5:«Or Die Owl Limited— Tracy. Stockton,
Fresno, Bakerefield. Haugn. Cor
SanU Barbara, Los Angelw f'S*
SiOOr IJav wards. Niles and Hau Jose ., «*
«:4>«r Oriental Man-Ogden. Cbeyenn*.
Omaha. Cnlcago ia:a»*
0:00p Oriental Wall— Ogden, Denter,
Oruabu, CLIcajro. *:*»?
7x00 r Oregon and California rSxi>r«M,Hao>
rnineiitt>. Mar.»»t«le. llaiMin*. s
»«»Sr San'Vabio' Fort Costa, Mirtlaez
and Way Stations 'I'i?*
t8tO5p ValH» 7;S3P
COAST WNE (Narrow «.i»»e).
(Foot of Market Street.* __
11t\»A Santa Crnz Excursion to rianta Cruz
tnd Principal Way Staticna {8:O3»
8:1-1* Ne»Ta*k,O!itBrvil!r, .Han .lose, Feltuii,
lioiilder Creek.SantaGrn* and Way
Btatioua.... •••- »•«*"»
fa»I3r Rework, I'enlervillo. Ban Joae. How
Almaileu, Feltuo, llmiMer Creek.
Santa Cruz and i'rluclpal Way •
Scions 'il\mSZi
4tl S t Newark, Hau Jose. I.cs Gatoa -J tj 0,304
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
r/emSIS FKIKCISCD— fast «r M»r«»t Strut (S!i? 3>—
tT-.lS 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:03 5:1Sp.M.
rr«mlUf.U»D— Fiol «r Bra«i»»jr.— 1«:00 t3.00 t3:0S
10;C0«.il. 12C3 3:00 4:03 r.M.
COAST IjIXE (Broa.l «a«i5«).
(Thlnl and Townseml Sta.) ,
. UiKit Mouth Han VriMicinCK. Palo Alto.... "'UJJ*
K:iilti Sunday Excursion for San Jcie.
HaLta Crux, raciflo G1070 and
Fricdpal Way 8UtionH JS«3©»
7:30a Coitt line Limited, San Jose. Gilroy.
8>U»as. Paso Kobles. S»n Lois
ObUpo, r«mpoc Santa Barbara,
LoaAncelea J0t5S»
BiOOa Him Jo»e, Trea flnna. H«.nta «!ru».
PaciHc Or«»«e, Sallnss. San Lnls
Ob'spo and PrlndpaJ in termedUta
HtitMuiis •.....•...••• J 1 **'
lOt^OA 8an Jcse and Way Stations. ,Z'22*
/|OiU»A New Almadeii / * : . 3 *»
1 1 jU«a Han Jo»e »m1 Way SSUtimia »:-»«»
la-.-IAr .San Mateo, Bedwooil. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, 8a» Jose, - '.--
Trea Plnos. Santa Crux. Salinas."
Monterey and raeific Grove » I " s l a *
BiSOp San Joae and Way Stutlona •.!?'*
HsISp San Joiean.J Principal Way Stations »:45*
t3:00rSan Joae, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t" : 2£*
StSAr San Jon am! Principal Way Stations 8:30a
6:15r New Orleans Express, San Jose,
Santa, Barbara. Loa Angeles, JD»m-
lug. El Paso, New Orlean* and Ea at 7: 1 Oa
6:15p Del Jf onte, Monterej, Pacific Giots,
•Loapoo 10»83y
CsSOr Sax iotfi and Way Stations t»:r>»A
«llt45p San Jcib ami Way Stations 7»3O>
A for iioniiug. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. J Rnnday only.
•» Saturday onlj, J Tneadava and Fridajm,
CALIFOMH HORTHIESTERB RY. CO.
LESSEE * ,
SAN FRANCISCO AND 'NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael*
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. ll:C0 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. . Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 r>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. «:20 p. m. •; ; ,-
Saa Rafael «• Sam Fraacisc*.
¦WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, U:10 a. m.: 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:oa
and 6:35 p. m. •- ~ .."' M
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:*>. 3'*>.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Sctuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave J In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I [ Sun- I Week
Days. I days. { Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am| 8:00 am ¦ N«vato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
B:10 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsbur?. 10:40 am
Lytton, . .
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am) 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:2o am
3:30 pm( 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am| J 10:4 ° arn JWS am
I 8:00 am| GuerneviUe. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pra| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and J I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami • 110:40 am[10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
1 Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skajrgs Springs: at Cloverdal.j
for the Geysers: at Holland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlv
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartiett
Spring's; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring?, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknella:
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr"s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. • West-
port, Usal, Willits, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round- trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office— 630 Market Street. Chronicle
Building-.
H..C. WHITTNG. R. X. RTAN,
¦ . Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' Via Swu alito Ferrj— Foot of Market 3t.
inviONriMH. tmtivi ««n man.
1-45 p Z'l ••'••• W EEK DAYS J *» »- «•
8:00 A. M.I fl2 : 15 r' m'
iJSl.-S:}'. Sundays {88J-J-
2_h*p.M.J I 710 pm
—, L '"^iSaa frandMo to Ssnraitt »od Berurn, tl.40
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. A Sanaalito Pcttt.
Progress
In civilization is marked by
refinement of food." The
thought of cooking with
grease from the filthy hog
is offensive to intelligent
There is no hog fat in
White
.Cottolene
nothing but pure vegetable
oil and choice beef suet.
It is recommended by emi-
nent physicians and expert
cooks, and used every day
by thousands of discrimi-
nating housewives in pref-
erence to, all other cooking
| fats. Why don't YOU try a
pail and te convinced of its
I superiority?
i _ ' • , :
' -Jjf^ s f-jgF N.K.FaJrbank Company,
iiS U Vs£rt Ci!cas-»— Sole Manufacturers.
wSSS-I'sIct FBFF! Our dainty booklet,
S33sft3&«ii? * ftCE ' "A Public Secret,"
3S?SJ5i_££'vS?;$ mailed free to any address.
£^§rai{5#/fcfQ ; ; For two "o etampa we tvill |
1 V**=i!£Ks*3's* ; send free our 125-page recipe i
iJE^SESSeffi&i book, "Home Helps,'' edited
by Mrs. Rorer.
f>. S.— No Hog Fat in COTTOLENE
Q Strictly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott
CC \mtt\J»
S&£&&[ Diseases and ;
Weakness o?
IfTO/JraoNLY
i THERE IS NO SUCH CONDITION AS
i weakness in a "man under fifty years of aKe.
j other than general debility. Prematureness,
I loss of vitality, etc.. are but symptoms of
j somo Osmaga to the reproductive system,
I caup-jd t>r a contracted disorder or early dlssl-
i pation. La looking: for the location of this dam-
i age we generally find an enlarged, swollen and
I Inflamed prostate glaml. As this gland Is the
very center of the reproductive system it can
| readily be understood that Inflammation of It
j must cause disordered Tunctlon. These cases
are promptly b^nente-l by proper treatment,
otherwise .the patient soes from bad to worse.
The essential point In all of them is the neces-
i Blty of the cure of the focus of the trouble In
the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully
treated for a weakness and become discour-
aged, when. If an antiphlogistic plan of treat-
ment had been adopted Instead of tonics, a
| cure would have been the result. In our ex-
j perience there Is no drup In the Pharmacopcea,
! taken Into the stomach, that will even benefit
; this class of cases. Our plan of treatment is
entirely a local one, asu prompt results are ob-
l t.iined, as Indicated by Increased circulation
and return of natural vigor. Our colored chart,
• which we mall on application. Is interesting to
any one wishing to study the anatomy of the
I male. -
99T MARKET STREET. Cor. Slacth.
BAILWAT TRAVEL.
i
I Santa Fe
I Trains— Daily.
i Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
| " T Local Llm'd Ovrl'd j Local
¦ Dally. Dally. Dally. Daily.
i Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
i Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
•• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 1:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
I •• Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
i " Bksfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago .-.. 2:13 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for s afternoon.
9-00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
j Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars aud Dining
' Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
j to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
I first-class passengers. No second-class
! tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
I spondlng train 'arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. in. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing' train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
3:00 p. m. 1b the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair ' Car, also Palaca
[ gieeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
i gpondlng train arrives at 5:55 p. m.- dally.
' 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
! at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
! epondlng train arrives at 8:40 a, m. dally.
I Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
j Depot San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
I Oakland. ..^—l^—— I
ARE YOU °T BUFFALO?
THE
Great Wabash R. R.
HAVE
A FIRST-GLASS TRAINS A
JL From the West Direct JL
To BUFFALO and
; EASTERN POINTS WITHOUT CHANGE.
Aak Tour Agent About the
WABASH.
i C.S. CRANE. G. P. A..
> St. Louis. Mo.
ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. A..
r Los An~eles. Cal.
; NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
i ¦ Commencing April 28, 1901.
I FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
t AND SAN RAFaEL.
i WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, "9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12-45, '1:4s. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15, «6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
" and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, •9:00. *10:00. 11:00, 11:30
. a m 12:45. *l:30. 2:30, •3:45, 5:00, 6:00, 7:30 p. m.
, li:00' a. m. does not run to San Rafael Su_-
marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK DAYS-'5:25, 6:27. 7:47. 8:33. 10:15
a. m . *12:25. 1:15, 2:20, •3:35.-4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 9:45, »11:00 a. m., *12
mT. 1:00. 2:15. 4:30. 'S^a. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
P *Traln_ ' marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. -7:53. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:33. 1:45. 2:43, 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15.
l-'O 2:30, 3:45, 5:00, 6:15, 7:15. 10s30 p. m.
, ' THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦
• 3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way »ta-
• 5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
• Tomales and way stations.
. ; 8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
. /Tik Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M-grrJm 629 KEAKXT ST. Kstablished
ta^f^Vgai" 1834 for the treatment nf I'rivnte
]m ijyoiMf Diseases, I,ost Mannood. Debility or
¦BrJ»S|m|(1lseas»«-earIn|ron body and mind ami
Diseases. The Doctor cures when
:^___— J-Bothera fall. Try him. Charges low.
cnarunli-fd. Callorwrlie.
' Dr. J. X*. GKBBOSf . Man Francisco", Cat.' .Knocked Down by a Wagon.
Isaac ; Woodbury , • an ; aged mining , engi
neer from; the East, was
by a wagon at the corner of Sansome arid
Sutter . streets yesterday. ' He , was ¦ taken
to'the 'Harbor Hospital, -where Dr. Mor
rison; treated 'him 1 for ¦ a 'lacerated ; wound
of the scalp. Mr. Woodbury is 73 years of
Wedding invitations and visiting cards
engraved and printed. Correct forms and
moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 7tt
Market street.
of G, ar.d E. Snook. Decedent's next of
kin are the ¦ petitioner and her sisters —
Mrs. Louise S. Francis. Marian J. Snook,
Henrietta Snook and Anita A. Snook.
George A. Snoos's Estate.
A petition for letters ¦ of administration
upon the estate of "the late George, A.
Snook was filed yesterday by Caroline A.
Snook, decedent's daughter. Ip the peti
tion it is stated that the 'estate does not
exceed $10,000 In .value, the valuable 'asset
being the partnership Interest in the firm
The Santa Fe has Just issued a beautiful
booklet descriptive of San Francisco and vicin
ity, .lavishly, illustrated' with artistic half-tones
and ¦' a number of up-to-date "> maps..; ' .. -
:v Copies may be had . by , sending, 10 . cents" ¦ In
stamps to the > General -Agent,' -Santa Fe.'at
641 Market street.'San Francisco, ' ' ' -• : ¦-'
A Book on San Francisco.'
:-¦-. Lecturer Nies Is 111. ,
On account of the Illness of Konrad Nies
the. lecture which ; was ¦-: to have been de
livered f by : hinv. to-morrow.- night at 421
Post ¦¦ street? has- been- postponed until
Mav 6. '¦¦¦'!r^m^^ik&^m^J(M^S!B^MBaU9L
age and is here on a visit. He is stopping
at- the. Lick. House. ¦ -¦ — ,
The charge of robbery against John
Desmond and John Hart, charged with
taking a silver bracelet and gold ring
from a little girl, Edith Bashford, was
dismissed by Judge Conlan yesterday and
Desmond was booked on a charge of petty
larceny and Hart on a charge of petty
larceny, second offense, which is a felony.-
The cases will be heard Fridav. The Dis
trict Attorney got George McDonald. "who
-was a witness to the affair, to swear-to
the new complaints yesterday.
Conlan Carries His Point.
A. jury in Judge Hunt's court gave a
verdict yesterday in favor of George Haub
and against Charles Frierniuth for $1000
darna-gres for slander. Not long ago Rich
ard Schwartz, a butcher, was found dead
near Haub's alace of business, on Octa
via street, near Broadway. Friermuth,
who was a rival plumber, said that he
could prove that Haub struck the blow
that caused Schwartz's death. At the
Coroner's inquest it developed that F"rier
nuth's charge was actuated by malice
Haub then filed suit for damages, with
the result stated.
Haub Gets a Verdict.
William Grant filed suit yesterday
against John J. Crooks; Amanda- C.
Crooks, Paul R. Jarboe, Mary H. Jarboe,
W. D. Bannister, David Hearfleld, James
McCormick and the Tuolumne County
Electric Light and Power Company to se
cure the appointment of a receiver to take
charge of the affairs of the defendant
corporation named and to secure judg
ment in favor of the defendant corpora
tion and against the defendants, John J.
Crooks and Paul R. Jarboe, for the sum
of $40,000. The plaintiff alleges thfe dur
ing the past four years the.net profit of
the defendant corporation has been $10,000
a year, but avers tha.t such sum has been
appropriated by Crooks and Jarboe, who
are directors and managers of the light
and power company. . ¦
SAYS CROOKS AND JABBOE }
APPROPRIATED THOUSANDS
Suit on Behalf of Tuolumne County
Electric Light and Power Com-- *
pany Is Instituted.
On Wednesday evening, April 17, the
Golden Gate Club gave , an entertainment
And dance in Union Square Hall fo» the
benefit of Ulrich H. Asman. The affair
was a success both socially and financial
ly. August'Koch, floor 'manager,: led the
grand march.; The committee ¦ in charge
consisted of , George Willeyi chairman;
Fred Cost,. Julius . W. Gimmel, 'August
Koch, Chris Jacobsen and Joseph Botie.
The members of the First Friday Cotil
lon have issued- invitations for, the last
cotillon of the season, to be held on Fri
day evening, May 3, at Golden Gate Hall.
-Miss Hester E. Bradley, has returned to
the city after an extended trip through
Calaveras County. V Miss Bradley, accom
panied by her aunt, Mrs. Dean, '-visited. the
big trees and other points of , interest in
Calaveras County. . • . ¦>,
Charles Simmons, Abe Seger. Harry Copp,
Sidney Samuels, ¦ Jim Hughes, Joe la' Boe, Ed
Simmons, Jack Bohm, Wlnslow Collins, Dave
Seger, Al Seal, Elsie Melvin, Emily Seaback.
Llllie Hughes, Adele GUcer, Maud Copp, Maud
Seger, Edith Whitley, Rose Simmons, Mamie
Webber,- Irene Olson and Ethel Miller. v,v.;- j
A. very enjoyable surprise party was
given to Abe Seger at his residence, 241
Eleventh street, on Saturday evening,
April 27. Among those present were:
Miss P. Bender, Mtss F. Stark, Miss M.
Tictjen Miss V. Mlchelena, Miss B. Michelena,
Miss M. Malech, Miss J. Fuendllngr, Miss J.
Cunningham, Miss D. Morton, Mies A. Smiley,
Miss A. Fischer, Miss SoIIey, Miss E. Krog,
Miss Hickey, Miss.de Martini, Miss Ward, W.
Clark. M. Clark, G. V. Egan, A. Williams, H.
Bender, W. de Boom, O. Malech, G. Dannen
berg M. Dannenberg, H. Jacot, A. . Solley,
C. Kroger, W. Hanna, C. Keller, F. Brock,
Mrs. Schroth, Mr. an.l Mrs. de Martini and
Mr. and Mrs. M. ConsMne. ../.;..:;
One of the most successful 4ances ever
held in the spaciou* I. Q. O. F. Hall at
Alvarado was given last Saturday even
ing under the auspices of the Concelho A.
Foute No. 16, U. P. E. C. The hall was
filled with people from all the neighbor
ing towns and was tastefully decorated
with flowers. The grand march was led
by A. A. Le« and Miss Ada Macquart, fol
lowed by about seventy-five couples. The
programme of dances was well arranged
and was under the direction of Floor Man
ager A. A. Lee. The floor committee con
sisted of Joe L. Machado, M. A. Silva and
the following committee of arrangements:
A: S. Machado, M. B. Maciel, John Lynch,
Frank Jasper and M. J. Rose.
A most delightful and pleasant party
was tendered to Harrison Theodore Clark
on last Friday evening by his parents,
Mr. and Mrs. William T. Clark, in honor
of the twenty-first anniversary , of his
birth. The parlors of the family residence
at 521 Van Ness avenue were beautifully
decorated with Chinese and Japanese lan
terns and American beauties. Those pres
ent were:
Mr. and Mr*. Jcssa II. Miller, Mrs. Angela
Wood. Mies Le& Brough. Miss Alva Knox,
Miss. Florence - Sutton, Miss A.nnto Kramer,
Miss Laura, Robertson, Captain Georgra Petty,
Edward Moldrup. Joha Hawks, Lieutenant Joe
Robs. Lieutenant John Hyer, Fred Stanle and
Dan Nun&n.
A pleasant surprise was given Mir, and
Mrs, Jesse H. Miller in the form of «. ban
quet at a downtown restaurant on Satur
day evening by the member* of the Four
teen Club. The banauet-rooro was beau
tifully decorated for.; th© occasion, the
prevailing color being red. Covers were
laid for fourteen. An Impromptu pro
gramme was rendered and the festivities
lasted till the wee hours, The following
ladles and gentlemen were present:.' - :
SOCIETY EVENTS.
"In Noe Valley we have a school in
various rented rooms," said Director Den
man, "and a schoolhouse In that district
is imperatively necessary. We should
have a lot about 100 by 200 feet in' area
and to construct a proper building will
cost 5G0.O0O. In the Sunnyside district the
population is such that a new school «.s
needed, and $47,500 will give us a fair
building and lot. The Richmond district
Is entitled to a new schoolhouse, which
will cost 550,000 erected on a lot now own
ed by the city. The Monroe Primary on
Mission street is in a dilapidated condi
tion and $25,000 is needed to replace it.
The Burnett and Sheridan schools should
be rebuilt, to cost about $160,000. For the
repair of some forty schools the sum of
$50,000 Is recuired."
Director Casserly suggested that, if
funds were not available, $1,203,406 be
appropriated for the maintenance of the
School Department. $100,000 for new build
ings and $100,000 for repairs.
The committee notified the board that
it would set aside money for improve
ments of school buildings if the funds
should warrant It. .'¦-¦¦':.
The Board of Education appeared be
fore the' Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday to plead for a higher appropria
tion than. $1,200,000, as recommended by
the Auditor, for the maintenance of the
School Department. The four Directors
urged the committee to provide for new
school buildings.
partment to Supervisors' Fi
nance Committee.
BOAED WANTS MONEY FOB
ITEW SCHOOL BUILDINGS
School Directors State Needs of De-
The Question of steam pressure is the
pivotal one. There was a strong ebb tide
at the time of the wreck, and Pilot Jor
dan's testimony indicated that there was
not a sufficiency of steam pressure on
the engines to overcome the outward cur
rent and that the vessel was thus allowed
to drift out of her course, which* if true,
would fix a certain measure of responsi
bility upon the chief engineer. On this
point Pilot Jordan swore that it occupied
fifty minutes for the Rio to make three
"No one here seems to know the exact
amount of steam carried by the Rio -de
Janeiro when she struck," remarked Su
pervising Inspector Bermingham yester
day after Pilot Jordan . and Chief Engi
neer Herlihy had given their testimony.
Captain Bermingham added that the cur
rent in the jaws of the Golden Gate some
times ran at the rate of eight miles an
hour.
petent Workman.
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers notified the Board of Public Works
yesterday that it would withhold its con
sent in the dismissal of Thomas O'Rourke
from his position as paver, to which he
was appointed from the eligible list.
O'Rourke lost his job on an adverse re
port filed by Charles Gallagher, superin
tendent of repairs to stone pavements,
•who claimed that O'Rourke's work was
faulty. O'Rourke was given a public trial
by the Civil Service Commission and pro
duced evidence from C. A. Hunt, superin
tendent of the Independent Electric Light
Company; C. S. Harney, vice president of
the Union Paving and Contracting Com
pany; Wendell Easton and H. A. Iddings,
respectively president and superintendent
of the old Metropolitan Railway Com
pany, that he was a competent paver, and
this view was taken by the commission.
The charter provides that heads of de
partments may by and with the consent
of the Civtl Service Commission at or be
fore the period of probation discharge an
employe upon assigning their reasons in
writing to the commission.
WITHHOLDS CONSENT TO
A PAVER'S DISMISSAL
Civil Service Commission Holds That
Thomas O'Bourke is a Com-
and a half miles against the current.
Captain Bermlng-ham said that It was
not quite clear to him why Engineer Her
lihy should have suggested to the cap
tain concerning the setting of sea watches
during the night before the wreck.
"Didn't you feel it incumbent upon
you," asked Captain Bermingham, "to
have all hands below while coming In?"
Mr. Herlihy replied in the negative.
"It seems to me," continued Captain
Bermingham, "that you ought to have
had all hands down below. It would not
have hurt anything."
"It would not have done any good on
this occasion," remarked Attorney Hut
ton.
Captain Bermingham suggested that It
did not matter whether it would have
done any good or not.
Chief Engineer Herlihy testified that
there was sufficient steam pressure on for
steerage way. He did not know this by
actual inspection, but by the sound.
The case was taken under advisement.
HERLIHY'S CASE IS SUBMITTED
AT THE LATEST RIO INQUIRY
v - a t a Balary of J1800 a year. His
v-crk will commence the first of June and
ho will sail for the islands on ?>Iay 16
Vhile his duties will not be fully inown to
him till he reports for duty to Superin
tendent Atkinson at Manila,- it is known
that he will be acting superintendent over
one of the island districts
President Jordan to-day announced the
yes? TANFORD UNIVERSITY. April
(L^^ 30.— W. J. Wood, a senior in the <Se.
: — !?* partment of education, has been
appointed a superintendent- of
"•; f. :¦' .¦. schools in the Philippine Islands
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
ar-reintment at Dr. Max Farrand of Mid*
dletown. Conn., as professor of history. Dr.
Farrand is a graduate of Princeton, class
of 1S92, A. M. 1893, Ph.D. 1S9&. Sine* his
graduation he has been fellow in history
at his alma mater two years and for two
years a student in history and social sci
ence in Germany. He is author of several
publications, the most notable of which
reviews the legislation of Congress for the
Government of the organized territories
of the United States from 1789 to 1S95. His
vork at Stanford will begin next Sep
tember but he will give a series of special
lectures, beginning on May 7.
W. J. WOOD. A SENIOR IN THE STANFORD UNIVERSITY DEPART- ',
MEXT OF EDUCATION, WHO H^ JUST BEEN APPOINTED A -
SCHOOL. SUPERINTENDENT FOR THE PHILIPPINE SERVICE.
Stanley says that even a "ground an
chor" in the shape of an attachment and
a deputy sheriff will not prevent him sail
ing through the clouds when the airship
is finished. Sheriff Lackmann Is wonder-
Ing how he will retain the vessel when the
"gas Is turned on."
Charles Stanley, who proposes to give
Count von Zeppelin a few pointers on
aerial navigation, has worked on the
plans of his ship for the past fifteen
years. He is a machinist and has studied
the subject of navigation in the air. He
interested a number of business men in
his plans and a company was incorporat
ed with $300,000 capital stock. Stanley held
200,000 shares, Charles Newman secured
21,000 and a few others invested in the cor
poration.
Newman stated yesterday that he has
great faith in the airship, but does not
like Stanley's methods of doing business.
"If Stanley Is forced out of the com
pany," said Newman, "we will go ahead
and finish the ehip. I had sufficient faith
in the plans to put in many thousand dol
lars, but I have lost my faith in the
methods of Stanley." -
Stanley Sanguine of Success.
Assistant Secretary Elmer' T, jFentress
was perfectly candid in discussing the
affairs of the Stanley Aerial Navigation
Company when seen yesterday.
"We have put in about $25,000 in the
building of the ship," he said, "and this
attachment will not stop its completion.
We have been delayed by the non-arrival
of a carload of aluminum and a shipment
cf Bilk from the East, otherwise we would
have had the ship ready for its trial as an
nounced. Newman drawing out of the
company has not affected us. He wanted
to boss the whole thing and Stanley would
not stand for It. We have only sold
enough stock to keep ua supplied with
funds to carry on the building of the ship.
We hoped to make *. sale this week of
some stock and were disappointed. We
owe our employes for last week, their
salaries amounting to about $400. With
this lumber bill and a few other trade ac
counts, we owe about $600. Now that is
not going to swamp us. We will get the
money to pay all our bills and the 'knock
ers'-will be surprised when they see the
airship is a complete success."
Internal Trouble In Company..
The airship company has been in trou*
ble for the past two weeks. First there
was a difference of opinion between
Charles Newman of the Richelieu Cafe
and Inventor Stanley. , Newman Invested
$7300 in airship stock. Newman was also
secretary of the aerial company and as
long as he held the position money waa
always In the treasury. Newman drew out
two months ago and sold the bulk of his
stock. He was succeeded by J, Albert
Born as secretary. A few weeks ago
more trouble loomed up for the company.
"W. Lu Harper, a stockholder, undertook to
sell some of his stock and Stanley claimed
that he had no right to do this. The re
sult was a lawsuit, which is now in the
courts. . '
Inventor Stanley and his associates .-were
not dismayed by the appearance of a dep
uty sheriff with a -vp-Jt of. attachment.
Work went on as usual at the old Velo
drome grounds on Baker street, and the
deputy of Sheriff J,ackmann learned a
whole lot about aerial currents, -wln<J
force, depression and ascent, but nothing
as to liquidating the bill of Lumber Mer
chant Meyer.. :\: . '. '••.. '.; •...: . • ¦ . -.
Yesterday morning Attorney James P.
Sweeney/ representing Adolph Meyer, a,
lumber dealer, placed an attachment on
the property of the Stanley Aerial Com.'
pany for two accounts of $278 and $65 re
spectively.
The trial trip announced for to-flay of
the airship of the Stanley Aerial Naviga
tion Company wtll not take pla.ee for two
reasons; the airship is not finished and
the three-quarter frame of It has struck
a snap in the shape of an attachment In
the Justices' Courts.
Inventor ; Stanley ' Sanguine
: ? h He Can Meet Bills and :.'
S?|t©iGo^o^f-§;®SS^
Lumber Dealer Secures
an Attachment for;
¦ .. Supplies. '•'.¦¦:'
AIRSHIP IS HELD
BY A CREDITOR
PHILIPPINE POSITION
FOR STANFORD SENIOR
V^. J. Wood Appointed School Superintendent
of One of the : Islands-— The University
Engages a New Professor of History
THE SAN- FB A^ CISCO CALIj, :.; ¦"WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 19Q1.
9
I find trouble in gettinj? servants to
make Postum properly. They most al-
ways serve it before it has been boiled
long enough. It should be. boiled fifteen
or twenty minutes and served with cream,
when it Is certainly a delicious beverage."
Mrs. Ella C. Burns, 303 E. South street,
Wilkes Barre, Pa.
Spcakins of coffee, a nurse of Wilkes
Barre, Pa.', writes: "I used to drink strong
coffee myself and suffered greatly from
headaches and Indigestion. While on a
visit to my brothers 1 had a good chance
to try Postum Cereal Food Coffee, lor
th^y drank it altogether In place of or-
dinary coffee. In two weeks after using
Postum I found I was much benefited
and finally my headaches disappeared and
also the indigestion.
Naturally I have since used Postum
amoiii? my patients, and have noticed a
marked benefit where coffee has been left
off and Postum used.
I observe a curious fact about Postum
used among: mothers. It greatly helps
the flow of milk in cases where coffee is
Inclined to dry it up, and where tea
causes nervousness.
No one is in better position to know the
value of food and drink than a trained
rur ? e.
A Trained Nurse Discovered Its Effect
FOUND OUT.
ABVEBTISEMENTS.
POSTTJM CEREAIi.
\Bg3SSjEBsSBKsBEaBm B B ScHm. ' t83F §£S fif &m fia S Bjl j flaS BjF e£t £<f lar "ffil^aSiV^^
JEEHpBBEaBHffl mMs^Hb JB HL iHv JjHF Bf Mm BtM Wf tfnm SflflflB J^KnUHE^Bk 10P jtSS MS!* flMfcfinHUV^fiHflSsfi
HEhHM SpSS'HzSiffl 'A ' Mm JV In ift H H flaf graf tS BB ;
I UV6r WOrkcd Evidence of Mrs. Pinkham's Cures, i
; « : Hard work for a weak woman is traffic in flesh, and (i Jiir^El§Pbk vV P* a * n *'' l encorr hoea, itching-, bearing-down feeling, is
H It makes littlo difference what the field of work is gjl^e|» vMgll Ine what to do. I followed your instructions, and y
h whether at home or elsewhere, if there is weakness work ii\ lllw'* *?**£ " a T e taken nine bottles of Vegetable Compound B|
H " Ability to stand the strain of hard work is the privi- w^^^^^/jaw *^°^? B^^ spells at the monthly period, but can gJ
• |3 i : : -. ' ' How OUr hearts ache for the sickly WOmen that WOrk *»g> ' *„ yv Compound too highly. I do hope every suffering m
U for daily bread at some ill-Daid factory emDlovment ! t v x. t r 9 man wil * learn of your remedies and be cured n
H .- . . _, j. , • . . tj J . / f*vj"*^«« « as 1 nave been. 1 wish all success to the Compound; it has done m
¦B : i HOW distressing also to see a woman struggling with wonders for me and I am so thankful." — MRS. GENIE KELLOGG, Ber- fl
H head are aching, and every new movement brings out a - "Deab Mbs. Putkham:— i wish to let you know that Lydia E. h
I neW If a the mere looking^on at these^ suffering women .S^ShfetS^^^S^?^^^^^^ I
H touches OUr hearts, how hopeless must life "be to the WO- pound enough, and feel that if all who suffer from female troubles would p3
H men themselves? put themselves under your care and follow your advice they will find II
El - rfii • j x* x* j3 j. * #i i_ • ¦ ' < • » reiiei. 1^"— Tuxoo xv. Hj% bwuvljl Ji^o, Oliver. X^ittsoursr, I* *\» %^
I person CannOu Understand. . " Deab Mrs. Pikkham : — For eight years I have suffered with inflam- m
1 Can these ailing, Weak WOmen Who are Called UDOn ma t. ion of the womb and bladder, profuse and painful menstruation, and ||
; to do work which would tire a strong man, be made'to see , buSmedSTat e^yfar. 1 tS %J 2gvg^Zto$2& i
that they can easily and surely better their condition ? E. Piakham's Vegetable Compound, and, thanks to your wonderful H
Will not the volumes of letters from women . made Sfe^d^-MEa l^iowSv StSeton N O1 £ medicine * woman ' s *«»* |
strong by Lydia E. Pinkhain's Vegetable Compound, ' ¦ ¦ ¦ •' ¦'¦ '
convince them of the virtues of tKis medicine ? " Deab Mbs. Pctkham:— i write this letter for you to publish for
; maaepiam* ;. . - ¦ • , r : - . bottles and feel like a new woman. When I began the use of your i
. -.: When a medicine has been successful in more than a medicine i was hardly able to be up. could not do half a day's work, I ; '
mulior Leases to it justice "to yourself to say, without trying r^^SS^'^^^^.^^^J^^^S^
I It, "I do not believe it WOUld help me"? . left me and I can work every day in the week -and not fed tired »- I
I Surely you cannot wish to remain weak and sick and MES * JEN1 ! IE 403 Pennsylvania Ave., Lima. Ohio. |
I discouraged, exhausted with each day's work. You have ¦ '¦ ¦ - - "-"' - : • : '¦ - '' ' • ' - I7T7 „ ___ ';: a
I somederangementof the feminine organism, and Lydia |^ J^fe^ 1 seveny^wXta^S^iSoughtea? I
I E. Pinkhain's Vegetable Compound will help you just ed b^ lwo of the ver y h^ doctors in this city, g
ffl as surely as it has others. •. ' A * ew years a 8"° I " 5vas nothing- but a living- |
I Read the letters from women in the opposite column W^^S t^lt^yt^s^i^TcoZ^ I
J of this paper, and when you go to your drug store to buy : -8B^Cft '¦'S iSf relieved » but never get well. Sometimes I I
I this sterling medicine, do not let yourself be persuaded to ft if n1^ get so exhausted » n d short of breath I
j accept the .druggist's own valueless • preparation because it [ • -^ ¦':)*> . V were^wla? b?o^ imnur 1 ? d w J'^w e l I
9 • i\ i v II ,:*•..-* .-.•.,.....--.... I \m — - I "«* »cry wciiu, uiooci impure, vv as trouoled I!
I 13 a tew Cents Cheaper than \ I \/^ £ wit " hands and feet swelling; also had leucor- |
1 ? f ffi|kn»i*<^X)v jhoea. I have taken six bottles of Lydia E. I
| B HE" "'-' BBl m * ff E«* 9 L^^Br^V PinkhanVs Vegetable 'Compound and feel well |
B ¦» - Hi'' «r » -^ : -, I petra m LOYA 1 - do not feel tired when I get home at night. H
K mr&&&W&®1$'!g8§WEg& §T20mWMBmfbBB&®&$ " ' ¦ M S-°Tl s ca^ not express my gratitude to Mrs. U
g W Pinkham for what her medicine has done for M
B • ' > .//": AT'*;, ! . .. me. "-rPBTE A M. LOYA, care of L. Wolfson, San Antonio, Texas. §1
H 4!^ fST^"* 1 • .^^JSk. 4&&H$K J&Bfbi '¦-'•¦''' D'E^lJIf A' P^ Owing to the fact that some skeptical people havo from time to time auestiazmd M
K +M fiLt***. M W4 bT m I™1 vP llMAflHk I J the genuineness of the testimonial Ietters'we are constantly publishing we hl^ H
| Vli^^g Jff If « B^fi«i WWJ^ T\ hS deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, Mass.. which -Ibl be S B
fi «L. JB W^ M «. JB? m. M *o any person who can show that the above testimonials are not genuine, or were published before obtaining +*e fl
H . writers' special permission.— Ltdia E. Pinkham Mbdicets Ck)., Lynn, m>«b. r s ~* MSTOCK-MARKET.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. •>'•'.'•.'
Wheat— "" May. July.
Opening 5 10% 5 10%
Closing 5 9% 5 10%
PARIS. ":
Wheat— April. May- Aug.
Opening .'.-.. 19 35 19 oO
Closing 13.00 19 35
Openinc '23 93 2*4 40
closing •::-:.:-:."¦::; 23 so 24 40
. Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, April 30.— Special cables and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following . changes In available sup
plies., as compared with the last account: ~"
.Wheat— United States and Canada,, east of
Rockies, decreased 2, 604,000 bushels; afloat for
and In Europe, decreased 700,000 bushels; total
supply, decreased 3.304,000 bushels.
Corn— United States - and Canada, east of
Rockies. I.et2, 000 bushels. .-, ¦ ,
- Oats— United States • and Canada, east of
Rockies, increased 1.137,000 bushels..
The combined stock of. wheat at Portland.
Or., Tacoma and Seattle," Wash., Increased
103,000 bushels last week. \ . ¦
Chicago Livestock: Market. -
CHICAGO. April 30.— CATTLE— Receipts.-
SDOO, including 500 ' Texans. • Generally ; steady.
Good to prime steers.; $4 95@5 90; -poor: to me
dium '' $3 90@4 90; stockers and feeders, firm,
$2 75@4 U5; cows, ' $2 65@4 50; heifers, ¦ %l 70@4 75;
canners, ¦ %1 00@2 CO;- bulls. : - $2 75@4 40; calves,
$4 0J@5 50; • Texas . fed steera. ¦-¦ steady. * fi 25®
5 40; grassers, $3 50@4 00; • bulls, :. $2 75@3 85. -V
" HOGS— Receipts to-day. ,19.000; to-morrow,
27,000: left: over. 2000. Opened shade higher;
closed slow; top, $5 SO. Mixed and butchers.
55 60@5 87'y4; good to choice ' heavy. $5 70@3 93:
' rough heavy, •¦ ' $5 55(f?5 63 ;: light, $5 55@5 8214 ;
bulk-jof sales, - $5 75@5 83. '-- • •-¦ ' " : ;
"- SHEEP— Receipts, .- .-.¦ 11, 000. . . - Slow;-' clipped,
weak; -clipped lambs,: weak; -.wooled, - steady;
, Colorados, ?S 30;good :to choice wethers,. ?1 25
On the Produce Exchange to-day^the butter
market was dull: creameries, 14<gl9%c; dairies,
11® 17. Cheese. 9VJ(gl2c.
*_l_ i .. — ¦ — *
The presence in great force of a widespread
public interest in the market must explain
this Ignoring of usual technical indication.
The great accumulations of wealth which have
come to the hands of the American people for
f everal years past and which have lain in de
posit banks waiting for ¦ Opportunity for - out
lay . seemed to bs , pouring into Wall ? street,
attracted by the sudden great fortunes which
If any ordinary considerations could be the
rule in such a market the fact that the stocks
vere notably strong yesterday werf to-day sold
in enormous volume to take profits would have
had great influence. The sharp break at many
points In the closing: dealings would have been
another factor making for hesitation, but these
usual symptoms of a coming reaction- have
been so often without the slightest effect in
the recent extraordinary market that ( they
were totally ignored by the excited specula
tors, as many other incidents have been, such
as the engagements of gold for export and
occasional hardening of the money market.
NEW YORK. April 3O.-There Is no- prece
dent by which to be guided In the formation
of a Judgment regarding the present stock
market. Each day of trading leaves- some
former record behind and not infrequently all
previous records go by the board as a result
of a day's business. The aggregate "tales of
all stocks to-day went ahead of ytterday's
hitherto unprecedented total, rising to 3,202,100
shares. Last Wednesday's record sales of a
single stock were 662.000 shares for Union Pa
cific, compared with to-day's sales of 459,100
Ehares of United States Steel. The aggregate
tales of both the common and preferred stock
of United States Steel amounted . to-day to
648,000 shares. Another record was clipped to
day for a single hour's business, sales for the
first hour amounting to over a million shares,
against the previous maximum of less than
SOO.CCO shares. It is -the usual rule that a large
portion of a day's business on the exchange
is done during the first hour, but had the ac
tivity of the market for the rest of the day
continued In normal proportion to ¦ the first
hour's business the total for the day would
have reached probably 4,000,000 shares, which
would mean .commislons of stock exchange
members for the day's business of a million
dollars. Such statistics as these convey the
truest idea of the dimensions and scope of the
present market. Any attempt . at description
would tesolve Itself largely Into an accumula
tion of superlatives. There were long strings
ct successive transactions in» some of the most
active stocks to-day, in which none of the
sales reported were of less than 1C0 shares and
running from that up to 10,000 shares.
New York Stock Market.
Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 35.000 10,000
"Wheat bushels 90.000 ' • 239,000
Corn, bushels 219,000 1S5.000
Oats, busheU 345.000 ¦ 337.CO0
ttye, bushels 7.000 1.000
Barley, bushels 30,000 9.000
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P 5s. .101 — Oceanic S 5s. .104 103
Cal-st C 5s 117 — Omnibus R $s.l24-
C C Wat 5s. ..ID 111 Pac O Imp 4s. — —
EM L & P 6a..i:SH133fc Pk & C H «».1C3 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 115 — Pk & O R 6b.117 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6a. 120 —
H C & S 5>,is.lO6i4 — Sac BO R as. — 10O
Do Ss 102 — • S F & SJV 03.120 —
Los Ang R 3s. — 114 Sierra Cal to. 110 —
L A Light 6a. — 103 S P of A 63.
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1W9) 113% —
Do gntd 5»..100 — <131C) Ill —
L A & Pac 5s.lC2% — S P of Cal 6s.
Do 1 c m 53.101 — O305), ser A.1C6H —
Mrkt-st C 6s.. — 127',4 (1905). do B.107% —
DolcmEs. — — (1906) ........110 —
Nev Co R 7s.— 113li (1312) — —
Nor R Cal 6e.ll3% — S P of Cal 1st
Do oa 119 — cp (rtd g 3s. 106% —
Nor Pac C 6s.lO2V a — SPBrCal 6a.l34 —
Do 5s 10SU1C9 S V Wat 6s..ll3%113«
Nor Cal R 5s. — 1H& Do 4s 103^101
Oak Gas 5s... 110% — Do 4s. 3d mg — 103U
Do Tran 63.II6 117 Stktn Gaa to.100 —
Do Wtr 5S...104U —
WATER STOCKS. *
Contra Costa.. 74^i 75^4 f Spring valley. 85U —
Mar in County. 53% — 1
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 4 Paclflc LtS.... 42t4 4314
Equitable 3% 3% Sacramento ... — _
Mutual 3*4— S F Gas & El. 37% 33
Oakland ....... 50 60% San Francisco. A\ 414
Pacl^c Imp.... — 37 Stockton 7V4 —
INSURANCE.
Fireman's Fd.235 243
BANKS.
Angto^Cal 72^2 — L P & A...J..H7 _
California 406 — Men Ex. llq. 15
Pal Safe Dep..l06 — S F National.. 12s
First Nat 310 315 "*
SAVING3 BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav & Loan — _
Humboldt ... — — Security ...."273 _
Mutual 50 — Union ....... _
San Fran.... 515 . — '•
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130.110 OSL'&if *n
Geary ;47% - Presidio ..MY. c Z
Market 70 71 " * ,™ ;.
<**"* • •- " 74 ; IVlgorlt I* [ijj
Continued on Paga Thirteen.
Bid.Ask. Bld-AsS.
4a quar coup.113^114 4a q*jar coup
4s quar reg....H3%113Ti (new) 139ftl40»4
S3 quar coup. .111UH2U -
UNITED STATES BONDS.
TUESDAY, April 30-3 p. m.
There was a good business on the- morning
session of the Bond Exchange, with a further
advance in Alaska Packers to $139. Gas and
Electric was weak at $37 50®37 87%. Other
changes were slight.
In the afternoon Spring Valley Water was
lower at $S6'S85 50. Alaska Packers sold at
$139 50@138 and Oceanic at $47 50@47 25.
There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
STOCK ANT> BOND EXCHANGE.
Articles— ?
Wheat No, 5-" Open, High. Low. Close.
May ,' 7lTi 72% 71% 72Vi
July TI?fc 73>i 72% T3U-
Corn No. 2—
April, 4SU -..., .... 4SW
May ....•........,„* 47% ¦ 48i,4 ' -47^, ti%
July ;......... 44% «V4 44H «$&
Oats No. 2 — " - '¦>'¦ •;'¦•; ""•' -
May H% '26% 26% KTfc
July : tS SS% 259* 26
Mess Pork, per bbl— .
May H47VJ.H52H 14 4714 14 47V
July 14 65 14 70 " 14 «5 14 6»
Lard, per 100 lbs—
Ufay 8 05 8 07U 8 03 S 05
July ..795 - 7 97^4 7 93 7 97VJ
September 7 95 7 87% 7 95, 7 03
/Rhort Kits, per 100 lb»- .
May . .... .... *20
July , 7 SO J 95 7 90 7 92%"
September ......... 7 87»,& 1 *2\l 7 87^ 7 9Q
Cash quotations were aa follows: Flour, easy
and fn buyers' favor: No. 3 spring wheat, 71@
71%e; Ka 2 red, T2^@74Vic; No. 2 corn. 47%c;
No. 2 yellow. 47%c: No. 2 oats. 27c; No. %
White. 23Vi@2S%e; No. 3 white, 27\4<g28»£c: No.
t rye, 5U'; good feeding barley, Sl@53c; fair to
choicft malting, 56@58c; No, 1 flax seed. $1 40;
No. 1 Northwestern, II «: prime timothy seed,
$3 C5(?«S 70; mess pork, per bbl. $14 50014 55: lard,
per ICO lbs, $7 62V2@7 75; short-rib sides (loose).
$S 0S©8 25- dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@
7V4c; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27. ;'-;.-:* ,.-,'.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
Washington, Oregon, California and Nevada.
Light rain has fallen In these States during
the day. The rain had not reached San Diego
at 5 p. m.. but the conditions were cloudy and
threatening and . rain will probably occur in
that vicinity to-nicht and to-morrow.
The pressure has risen slowly over "Wash
ington, Oregon and Northwestern California
and fallen over the R-ocky Mountain region
and Missouri Valley.
The temperature has risen over the tipper
Missouri valley and remained nearly station
ary In other districts.
Conditions are favorable for shower* In Cal
ifornia, Nevada aod Vtab tc-nlght and Wednes
day, • •.
Forecast made at *an Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 1. 1961,
Northern California— Probably . showers oa
Wednesday; fresh variable wind.
Southern California— Showers Wednesday
light west *rind.
Nevada— Sbow«rs Wednesday; light northwe**
wind. ¦
Utah— Showers Wednesday; cooler; light west
wind.
Artsona— Showers Wednesday; cooler: light
southerly vrin&. "
San Frtjvcisco and Vlcanlty-»Showe;r» Wednes
day; fresh southwest wind. - .
O. H. WIX^SON, . -
"..". ." ' ¦' Local Forecast QJHcitf. "
FORECAST.
Ban Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
57; minimum, 49; mean, £3. . \
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CHICAGO, April 30.— The market opened
weak under depressing cables, for both spot
and futures.' Advices from the Continent were
that a great deal of wheat bought within
the last few days was "off ered for resale. The
bear situation was of brief duration, J how
ever. A large decrease in the world's visible
supply ' and a good cash demand caused a
sharp advance. Later heavy profit-taking
caused a reaction, but the close was easy.
July closed easy at 73Uc. May wheat closed
1 ri < 6%c lower at 75%c.
Corn opened weak on good weather, liberal
country offerings, lower cables and In sym
pathy with wheat. The local element was
the sole support of the market. . July closed
%c higher at 45%c. May closed firm, He high
er, at 4SVic.
Oats were strong In sympathy with corn.
May closed Vic higher at 26%c. July closed
unchanged at 26c.
Provisions were neglected, but nominally
steady. July pork closed 2>ic lower; lard and
ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged aa fallows:
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50®2 70; Small White. $4 85
®5;' Large White, •; $4@4 20; Pink. $1 60@l 85;
Re8,''?C@3 25;LElackeye, $2 75@3; Limas; $6 25
¦ Beans are still 'quoted quiet and unchanged.
Limas and \ Whites are very firm, while* Pinks
continue in fair * demand ; for . shipment." sThe
other kinds are dull ' and more or less ' nominal."
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled ' Barley. . $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25®26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. . $17@18; Corn -Meal,
$26 50@27 ; Cracked Corn. $27@28 ; Mixed Teed.
$15@16. -¦¦-¦, ¦
- HAY— Volunteer. $»£8: Wheat, $11@I3; Wheat
and Oat'*$9iS12; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, , $8@9 50; Barley, $7 C0@9 50 per ton. -
STRAW— 33@47tec per bale. - .,
MIDDLINGS— $16 S0@19 50 per ton.
. The rain naturally * renders the ! " Bran mar
ket ! soft and quieter, though -there ', is no de
cline in "prices. Rolled Barley is being shaded
by sellers, in sympathy with the raw product.
There is nothing whatever new in Hay.'
BRAN— $16 50@17 per ton.
' Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks /are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: • Graham
Flour, *3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $3 50; Rice Flour. %~; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do,- $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 5O@3 75;= Buckwheat Flour, $4(^4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
«7 60; '¦ in ' sacks, $5 75(07 23; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 40@3 65,
usual "terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 30@3 40; Ore
gon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and $2 75@
3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75@3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN — The advance Is ¦ maintained, and
offerings are extremely light. In fact, there
is hardly any offering. All kinds are quoted
at $t 30 per ctl.
RYE— 80@82%c per ctl. The market con
tinues dull.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at ' $1 65@1 70 per
ctl. ex- warehouse.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctla, 72%c; 8000, 72%c; 6000, 72%c.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. 72%c:
4000, 73c.
Regular " Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
75c. December— 36,000, 73%c; 2000, 73%c.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls."73%c;
12,000, 73>4c; 4000; 73%c.
• The market remains unaffected by the rain,
chiefly owing to "the light stocks. Dealers
report a fair demand, with firm prices.
OATS— White, $1 37 1 / i@l 50; .Surprise, nomi
nal; Red, $1 S2V4@1 45; Black, $1 17%@1 27% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
¦ BARLEY— The market was very dull yes
terday, and In view - of the continued rain
and Its expansion over a • wider area, buyers
held off. Offerings were considerably larger,
and the tendency was to -sell, even at con
cessions. Futures were off again.
Feed, 75@77%c for No. 1 and 70@72^c for o.f
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, .80®
82V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal ~ Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
4000 ctls. $104%; 2000. $104%; 16,000. $104%.
•Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $104%.
May— 2000. 93%c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
Ctls. $105^; 8000. $105^ 2000. $105%; 12,000.
$105%. May— 2000. $1: 2000. $100%. .
Afternoon Session— May— 10,000 ctls, $1. De
cember-14,000. $105; 24,000. $1 04% ; 10,000, $105%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
The Exchange will . hold no • session this
afternoon, owing ' to the funeral of the late
John F. English.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, |101%@102^; milling.
|105@107&. •
I Chicago opened heavy with .continued liqui
dation, and the market lacked support.. Re
ports of damage to the crops In the south
west showed a tendency to Increase. There
was - no cash demand, though 150,000 bushels
were worked for export. New York was offer
ing to resell, which was a bad sign. At the
close, however, the shorts became the best
buyers. The world's supply, according to
Bradstreet's. showed a decrease east of the
Rockies of .2,631,000 bushels, and a decrease
in Europe- and afloat of 700,000 bushels, .mak
ing a total decrease of 3,304,000 bushels.
. Thla market opened with i> further -decline
on call, but subsequently recovered.
"" WHEAT— Futures were lower at both Liv
erpool and Paris, and the foreign markets
were generally weak.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull on the spot,
but firm at 33s Sd and possibly 3os, usual
options. The chartered wheat fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 19,900, against
28,5oO tons on the same date last year; dis
engaged, 2S57 tons, against 3510; on the way
to this port. 183,780 tons, against 180,240.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight. 1 — 4 83
Sterling Cables — . 490
New York Exchange, sight — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal..' 43V4 @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
the first quarter of the year were as follows,
compared with the same time last year: Of
fuc?r, 1.130.000 n>s CHawaiian not Included)
valued ct I2C.9S0. apaintt 56.990,000 lt»s
waiian Included) at J2.1S4.4C0; of coffee, 10,034,-
Imports of staple groceries at this port during
Imports of Groceries.
WIXE — Exports of wine from this port dur
ing the month of April were 49LS79 gals and
1013 cs valued at $165,895, making the total ex
ports since January i, L974.S35 gals and 23S2
cs valued at $634,297.
BKAXDY — Exports cf brandy in April were
216 gais and u cs valued at $323. Since Janu
ary 1 these exports amount to 15,445 gals and
73 cs valued at J1S.123.
Exports of Wine and Brandy.
ing the month of April were 81,046 bbls valued
at S244.S36. against 79.430 bbls valued at $249,
738 in April. 1900. Th? total exports since July
1 have been 783,149 bbls valued at $!,«4,630.
against 811.170 bbls valued at J2.976.6S7 during
the pr.mc r>eriod in 190ft.
BARLEY— Exports of barley In April were
<0.f31 ctls valued at $3C,463. against 102.005 ctls
valued at $104,777 In April. 1900. Since July 1
th^se exports have been 1.934,108 ctls valued at
Sl.t'22.207. During the same period in 1S00 these
exports amounted to 3,436.914 ctls valued at
tZ. 334.677.
WHEAT— Exports of wheat In April were
£74.977 ctls valued at $. r >b6.S42. In April, 1900,
these exports amounted to 6C0.186 ctls valued
at SG49.652. Since July 1 these exports have
been 6.677.S23 ctls valued at $6.£65,643. against
E.237.1C0 cils valued at S5.413.432 during the
same i>ericd in 1900.
FLOUR— Exports of flour from this port dur-
Exports of. Flour and Grain.
The report of A. G. McAdle. section director
of the climate and -crop section of the Weather
Bureau, fcr the week ending Monday, Is a*
follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature has been below normal
most of the week and severe frosts have oc
curred In some sections. Dry northerly winds
continued until Saturday, when brisk south
and southeast winds prevailed In the central
end northern portions of the State. Rain com
menced early Sunday morning In the northern
districts, extending southward and continuing
through Sunday and Monday, with prospects
of reaching Southern California to-day or to
night. . ..
In some parts of the State the latt *own
grain has suffered from the long dry spell to
such an extent that It will not make a crop
and will be cut for hay. In other sections
the rain will probably be In time to make a
fair crop. Early grain is generally in good
condition, except in portions of Southern Cali
fornia, and will yield nearly an average crop;
it has been greatly benefited by the rain. A
large crop of excellent hay is being harvested.
Vegetables have been injurd by frosts during
the week in some sections. Hops are looking
well.
Deciduous fruit prospects are not as good
as at this time last week, the severe frosts
of the 26th and 27th having seriously Injured
nearly all varieties In many parts of the coast
end bay sections. In some places apricots
alone escaped Injury. Grapes were also con
- t: Jerably damaged in some sections. In the
Sacramento Valley and In portions of South
ern California there will be nearly an average
yield of deciduous fruits. Citrus fruits and.
walnuts are in good condition.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY— Cold northerly
winds continued until Saturday. Rain began
falling early Sunday morning, extending
throughout the valley. At Sacramento the
precipitation up to a o'clock this morning
amounted to 1.76 inches, and at Red Bluff 1.04.
. This rain will be of Immense benefit to all
crops, especially to grain and hay, and will
revive pasturage. The long dry spell has been'
detrimental to the 1b ?• "own grain, but it is
r.ow believed a fair crop will be harvested.
Early grain is in good condition. Fruit trees
¦rill also be benefited by the rain. Late re
ports show that nearly all varieties of de
ciduous fruits are in good condition and that
the damage by April frosts will not materially
reduce the crop. Grapes are looking well.
Cherries and strawberries are plentiful. The
first carload of cherries was shipped from
Vacavllle on the 25th.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS— The rainfall
of Sunday and to-day, which was heavy In
the central and northern counties, will great
ly improve the condition of grain, hay and
pr-eturage. and benefit orchards and vineyards.
Late sown grain in some sections was In very
bad condition and may yield only a light crop,
but the early sown had net suffered much for
lack of rain and will yield a good crop. Hay
is yielding a heavy crop. The severe frosts on
the 26th and 27th seriously damaged deciduous
fruits and grapes In the Santa Clara Valley
and In Alameda and Contra Costa counties.
Apricots were so far advanced that but little
injury was done, but cherries, prunes, plums,
&nd pears were badly injured and the crop
will be very light. Grapes in some sections
were also damaged.
SAX JOAQULN* VALLEY-Clear and cool
weather with drying northerly wind has pre
vailed during the week. The cool weather has
been beneficial to the grain crop in modifying
the effect of the north wind. Rain was great
ly needed in all sections for both grain and
fruit, but the crops were standing the dry
weather better than was expected. The rain
of Sunday evening and Monday warping.
which covered the northern portion of the -val-.
ley. will be of the greatest benefit to all crops.
Reports as to the condition of the grain, crop
vary in different portions of the valley. The
lruit crop !n most places is <Join«? well, ex
cept prunes, which are falling l>adly» and will
only be a fair crop In a few localities. Haying
is progressing and the crop wllj be good ta
most places. The onion crop In San joaquia
County, which is now being harvested, will be
the largest ever grown. Green feed is etJIt
abundant and stock of all kind* are doing
well. Vineyards and orchards ar» belr.ff irri-
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA-Neariy normal
weather conditions have prevailed during the
week, with fogs at nlsht along the coast and
I generally clear day?. The fogs have been bene
ficial to grain and hay. Late sewn grain is in
l;ad condition and will not make a crop. The
early town will yield a fair crop in some sec
tions. Haymaking is progressing, with a
heavy yield and of excellent quality. Sugar
l.eetf need rain. Walnuts are lcoKing well.
In the vicinity of Santa Maria apricots have
been seriously damaged by frosts, which have
l»een frequent during the week.
EUREKA SUMMARY— Heavy frost Thursday
morning throughout the valley practically
ruined prunes and severely Injured cherries,
quinces, peaches and pears; also greatly dam
aged grain. Pastures and gardens much bene
fit*-d by rain.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY— Bean land ready
in some sections for planting. Farmers In other
sections waiting for rain to prepare ground
for beans and corn. Haying continues. Rain
now would do as much harm as good.
The Weather and Crops.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season, and rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
SAN FRANCISCO. April 30—5 p. m.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Local bank clearings In April were $98,368,-'
S53. against $75,252,317 tot April, 1900. For the
first four months of the year they am#5nt to
$362,291,213. against $308,269,522 for the same
time last year. The figures show a larger vol
ume of business this year than last.
April Bank Clearings.
Receipts of duties on Imports at this port
for the month of April were $5S6,722, making
the total receipts since January 1, J2.1S4.467.
Customs Receipts.
The coinage at the, local branch mint during
the month of April amounted to $11,655,000,
against $2,520,000 during April, 1900. ' The de
scriptions were as follows: Double-eagles,
$10,620,000: eagles, $400,000; half-eagles, $245,000;
standard dollars. $400,000. Since the first of the
fiscal year the coinage amounts to $£3,718,926,
against $46,237,975 in 1900.
Mint Coinage.
Exports of quicksilver from this port In
April were 662 flasks valued at $29,859, making
the total exports since January 1, 2071 flasks
valued at $90,254. .' .
Exports of Quicksilver.
120 lbs at $1,114,620. against 10,551.230 lbs at
$1,167,100; of tea, 517.479 lbs at $56,B0O. against
£61.100 tbs at $40,509; of rice. 13.2S9.100 lbs at
{233,200, against 15,216,500 It>s at $318,813.
The market for evaporated apples was with
out change to-day. State common, 3@4c; prime,
4%@4Tsc; choice, 5@5%c; fancy, 6@G&c. •
California dried fruits continue dull and nom
inally unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%@"c
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8%
©13c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 12%@20c; unpeeled, 7%
©10c."
DRIED FRUITS.
\ New York Grain and Product,
NEW YORK, April 80.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,328; exports, 6«00. Weak and lower to 6ell
early in the day. but at the close showed a
better tone with wheat. Minnesota patents,
$4 25: winter low grades, $2 30@2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 6650 bushels; . exports,
96,159 bushels; spot, firm: No. 2 red, 83c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 80%c elevator: No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 83c f. o. b. afloat; No. I hard Duluth.
90%c f . o. - b. afloat. Options were weak and
lower, most of the day. suffering from bearish
cables, . active liquidation, more foreign selling
and active sliort account operations. Later on
the market rallied on covering prompted by
less favorable crop news. Closed firm at %(3>Vic
net decline. May, 79 l ,4Cr'$0%c, closed SOc; July,
78%@79%c, cloted 78%c; September, 76 7-16®
77%c. closed 77%c. • ' . '
HIDES-Stea'dy. ."
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice,
6 B-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8' / i©12%c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm, but quiet; fair refining,
3 ll-16c; centrifugal, 9S test, 4 3-16c; molasses
sugar, .1 7-16c; reined, steady.
""COFFEE— Futures closed, barely steady, 5@10
points net lower. Sales included: May, $5 25;
June, J5 *Q; July, $5 5O@6 55; August, $5 60; Sep
tember, $5 65; November, $5 75@a 80; December,
$5 90; March; $8 05@6 10.
BUTTER — Receipts, 82S3 packages; steady.
Creamery, 15©l?c; factory, ll@13%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 30.322 packages; weak. West
ern regular packed, 12%@13c; storage Western,
13%@14c.
Wheat weak. Wheat freights firmer: : - :; i; -J, : / v.\
Barley lower and dull, with larger offerings. : : ';
Oats and Corn firmly held. Rye continues quiet. , : :•
Bran and Rolled Barley firm. No tltange in Hay t : V; ._;.; -...;
Beans and Seeds as before quoted. . " JV -.•¦J-[- ¦ \
Potatoes rising rapidly under light stocks all over the coast*
Onions higher, owing to ihp storm. Vegetables ditto. ' . ; .
Poultry steady under diminished receipts. . ./ ; ;; ¦": '¦¦ ''¦¦ -
Butter firm, Cheese steady and Eggs weak. ' 'V ; ;:•••. ;
Cherries and Strawberries advanced, owing to the storm.^
Ten cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-day, '¦ - .: " :^\:\
Seeded Raisins selling well at the advance, ' -. ; .-.';.¦ -. : ¦<¦:». ¦
No more anxiety about the coming Prune year, >. ;
Dried Fruit market in much better shape all around.; ; \ j?\ .'.=¦•;
Almonds and Walnuts firm at the advance. : ,.\ .. :
Honey continues dull and unchanged. :.¦...;" : H ; y
Provisions quiet at unchanged quotations. '¦:¦ • .
New Wool selling as fast as received. Old clips dull.
Hops held firmly by growers.
Receipts of Hogs' cut dowtt by the storm..
Grain Bags very firm at the recent advance.
Good business in local stocks and bonds. Oil stocks dull.
April bank clearings show a large gain over last year.
Increased coinage at the local Mint.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
¦ Money— •, ' Westinghouse ¦ El.; 64 I
Call loans ......3%@4% WIs Central 23"
Time loans "...r.4 ' @4% .• Bends— • - .^.
Stocks— - • Atchison 4s ..:... '..102'.;
A T Sz S F.. ...... 75' N E Gas&Coke 5s. C8
A T & S F prefd.-102W Mining Shares— :
Araer1ca.11 Sugar. ..147 Adventure • '.....». .. 17 '
Am Susrar prefd.:..122% Blngham ailnCo.'. 25^
Bell. Telephone..... 174 . Amalg Copper... ...123W
Boston & Albany.. 262% Atlantic ...:.....;.. 31 ,
Boston' Elevatea..ll7s , Bc«ton"& Mont. .;..4 : * - '
Boston & Maine.. ..199' Butte: & Boston. ..116'-4
Chgo. Bur & Q....10S%jCalumet ¦£: Kecla.8*> ".
Dominion Coal ...37- Centennial" ....¦23 1 / §
Dom Coal prefd.^.-HS . Franklin ..."...;..;.. IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams '... 20 Little Chief........". 12
Alice 40 Ontario ......... .....8 50
Breece 1 05 Ophir .90
Brunswick Con...... 20 Phoenix (is
Comstock Tunnel... OE Potosi 03
Con Cal &-Va: .2 20 Savage .„. c»
Deadwood .Terra.... 05 Sierra ¦ Nevada 22
Horn Silver ........1 10 SmallHopes.. ....... 55
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 70
Leadville Con — :... .05 . • •
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.-
Stocks— , ¦" • Sales. Bid.
Atchiaon ...229,500. 7SU
Do preferred 132,200 105V4
Baltimore & Ohio 1^.900 104
Do preferred , 2.600 92%
Canadian Pacific ' 1.900 100
Canada Southern *.2M 76
C. &O s-. 11.300 48H
Chicago & Alton... 49,100 48H
Do preforred ".300 81%
C/ B. and & Q <2.40O 198%
Chi. Ind & St. L. 5.000 S7^2
Do preferred 2,500 • "!lVc
Chi. & Eastern Illinois 4Q0 132^4
Chi. Terminal & Transfer , 3,000^* 23
Do preferred ....« 2,400 47V&
Chicago & Northwestern....,...;* 3,100 21Q
C. R. I. & P • 28.«00 M%
C. C. C. & St. Louis. 2.700 88
Colorado Southern ..Tr. 31,600 !«%
Do firet preferred .......-."...... 2.200 64%
Do second preferred 6.0G0 26&
D. &H • 7,900 ISO
D. L,. & W '• 300 219
d! & r. a i. 800 4 ?%
Do preferred ..., 1.S00 S5J,
Erie •• 283.900 421,4
Do first preferred 10.SCO 71%
Do second preferred 7.20Q C9
Great Northern preferred 12.100 189%
Hocking Valley 2.10O E2V4
Do preferred ]K&
Illinois Central :..... 8,960 144
Iowa Central .31%
Do preferred 60 ;
L. E. & Western E00 6o% i
Do preferred 124
Louisville & Nashville 46.000 109V4
Manhattan 9,600 12S)4
Metropolitan St. Ry £ S- 200 1(2 'A
Mexican Central 21.700 25
Mexican National 5.900 11
Minn. & St Louis 900 84%
Missouri Pacific 69,300 IOSvs
•M K & T 14.C00 32%
Do preferred 3.S00 €j%
New Jersey Central 1.300 loS
New York Central 95.S0O 1C2
Norfolk & Western 4,000 539«
Do preferred 700 S?
Northern Pacific 89.500 lla
Do preferred 12,400 101%
Ontario & Western 70,100 37%
Pennsylvania 71.900 157%
Reading 2^.300 41%
Do first preferred 32.000 72%
Do second preferred 14,000 56%
St. Louis & San Fran ll.CCO 43%
Do first preferred 400 85%
Do Becond preferred 10. 200 73
St Louis & Southwestern 2,200 38%
Do preferred 4,700 66»4
St. Paul '. 36.S00 172
Do preferred 100 192
Southern Pacific 1=7,800 BG%
Southern Railway 37,100 31%
Do preferred lj;.6C0 86%
Texas & Pacific 29,200 49H
Toledo St. L. & W.. 12,'JOO 18%
Do preferred ' 22,000 36'i
Union Pacific 215,900 118%
Do preferred • 29,800 96%
Wabash 2.300 21
Do preferred 7,^00 42
Wheeling & L. E 100 18%
Do second preferred 1.2C0 . 3o%
Wisconsin Central 7,300 2aV +
Do preferred 1.M0 4«%
Chicago Great Western.* 5,500 £>
Do preferred <W 83%
Do preferred "B". .., 1C0 53%
Adams Express lw
American Express •••••;•? "J
U. S. Express 3<X> - «
Wells Fargo « 147
Miscellanous— . '
Amalgamated Copper 22,800 123%
American Car & F .. 5.600 JS%
Do preferred ?••. 1.600 ?8%
Linseed OH 900 13%
Do preferred 36%
American Smelting; & R &.7C0 59%
Do preferred « 2.300 9«%
American Tobacco 11.600, 128Vi
t Anaconda Mining Co ....,, 4,600 51%
{Brooklyn R T 2O,«C0 S6%
\ Colorado Fuel & Iron 5,500 JC9
Consolidated Gas 6.800 227
Continental Tobacco 8.500 46%
Do preferred 1,100 104%
General Electric .., 2.7C0 • 327%
Glucose JBugar S.400 S9%
Hocking Coal 19
International Taper GOO 24%
Do preferred ...;...¦ J.000 ¦ 78
International Power .--..; 9,800 ..&»
Laclede Gas '. -¦. 700 SS
National Biscuit 600 %"¦,
Rational Lead .,..,,..'..,.; „ .,.,... Yi\',
Katlonat Bait ,.,. .100 44
Do preferred »—? • 200 77
North American ...,......<•..«:.»- r.CO 8t ¦
Pacifie Coa«t " ICO 60%
J'acitle Malt ..,.,....-..,..,.....,. MOd 39
Peopled Ga» , , J4.M0 HV%
J'resied fitesl Car ....L 1.000 45
Do preferred 1.0C0 S7V4
Pullman C00 2C9
R I & S ' 3,C0(j 21%
Do preferred 1.9C0 7"^
Sugar ...' 11,399 117%
Tennessee Coal & Iron 3,000 68
Union. Bag & Paper 100 -13
. Do preferred C9'
United States Leather l.SCO 14%
Do preferred .. ,.. S.ECO 78%
United States Rubber .'... 1,800 21
Do preferred 600 C2%
United States Steel 459,100 63%
• Do preferred .V 188,900 101
Western Union 7,000 33^4
PCC.i St Louis 67
Total sales 3,202,000
CLOSING BONDS. :
U S 2s ref reg 106% N Y Cent lsts 107%
U B 2s ref coup... 106% N J Cent Ben 5s.. .133
U S 3s reg llC'/t N Pacific 3s 73%
U S 3s coup........lll'.i N Pacific 4s 103%
U S new 4a reg 138% N Y C & St L 4s. 100%
TJ S new 4s coup..l39%'N & W con 4s.. ...101%
U S old 4s reg 113% Or Nav lsts 103
U S old 43 coup.. .113% Or Nav 4s........ ..104
U S 5s reg ......113 Or Short Line 6s.. 128
U S Ea coup 111% Or S Line con 5s.. 116
Dist of Col 3.65s.'... 12SM: Reading Gen 4s.... 85%
"Atchison gen. 4s.... 102 v. R G W lsts ....105%
Atchison adj 4s.... D5"i SLSIM con 6s. 11 5M.
Canada So 2ds lt)S% S L & S F gen 63.133 *
Ches & Ohio 4%s:. 106(4 !st Paul cons....... 193
Ches & Ohio 5s 122 St P C & P lst3...11S%
C & NW con 7s 142 St P C & P 6s 120 -^
C & NWSFdeb 5s.l2J Southern Pacific 4s 94
Chgo Terminal 4».. 95% Southern Ry 5s. ...116%
Colo Southern 4s... 89ft Stand r & t '6s... 60
D & R G 4s. ...... .102% Tex & Pac lsts.. ..119%
Erie General 4s.... 87Vi Tex & Pac 2ds...: 85
'¦ F W & V> C lsts.109% Union Pacific 4s.'.. 305%
General Elec 5s.. ..185% Wabash 3et9 "'...;. .120%
I Iowa Central lsts.. 117% Wabash 2ds ...:.;. 110
I L & N-Unl 4s. ...-.103 West Shore 4s..... .114%'
M K & T 2ds...... 82% WIs Cent- lsts...... 91%
M K & T 4s ...98% Va Centuries ...... S5%
*r« being made from day to aay la the great
price movement of different stocks. The large
inflow. of money from the interior .of ; New'
York seems to be due to this tendency and
Is keeping the money, market easy in «f.lt»
of th« demand from other sources. There is
very little in the way of specific news accom
panying- th* movement of prices. - The an
nouncement this morntne of the absorption of
the IjeylamJ Steamship line by f, P. Morgan
hac| a tendency to give a renewed stimulus to
the speculation, as Indicating tha. continued
actJvity of the most Influential Individual • In
the recent great movements toward -consolida
tion. The belief tn wholesale consolidation of
great railroad systems, even at the enormous
expense involved in the buying of control Ma
the. open market, i* tha potent factor In the
general speculation. Th« enthusiastic bellavera
in an indefinite rise In prices arfrue . %hsi, t a
market • turn-over within » few" day* -of .as
many shares of a. corporation as the' whole
outstanding eapltal necessarily . indicates a
movement to buy . control, but it • is certainly
obvious that « turn-over of that amount of
etock where the actual control does not pass
la proof positive of an enormous amount of
purely «peculativ» buying. It may be due > to
buying and eelUne and then rebuylng many,'
times over of speculative holdings, or It may
be due to persistent «hort-seUine oo-' every,
advance and then buytnff to cover as the fur
ther advance Imperils the position, of the tears.
That euch purely speculative transactions
formed a large factor in the day's market is
probably not seriously doubted. . An analysis
In detail Of to-day's market would be futile.'
so Great is Its extent and variety, and In *he
later dealings Its Irregularity. Northern.Pa
cific was under pressure of profit-taking: all
day and Union Pacific and the Grangers gen
erally showed Its Influence as the day pro
cessed. The Atchlsons were the new strong
feature on talk of an increase In the dividend.
An advance in New York brought speculative
attention back to the Eastern railroads, but
their gains did not "hold well. The United
States Steel stocks were comparatively well
maintained, closing with net gains of 2V& for
the common and 2 for the preferred at reac
tions of 1% and \% respectively from the best
prices. The heavy profit-taking at the last
made the closing Irregular. . ." .
Business was not as large relatively tn- bonds
and the price movement was Irregular. Total
sales, par value, $6,245,000. .' ..•
United States new 4s advanced H per cent
on the last call.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
for • Colts. Deerskins— Summer or ; red skins,
33c; fall or medium skins, 3Cc; winter or thin
large and $202 23 for medium. $l@l 25 for small
and'GCc for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $175 for
large, - $1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 00c
, 50@63c: long
salt. J2 50 for
10c; Dry Hides." 13%(S16c: ¦ Culis. 13%!ffil4c: Dry
Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 16@17c: Culls and Brands,
13@14c; Sheepskins, Eheari'ngs, 15®25c each;
Choice new clip Wool Is selling as fast as It
comes In, being In demand for shipment in the
grease. Nevadaa are also in demand for the
same account. Old "VVools. howeveV, are neg
lected. Prices for all descriptions stand as
before. ;• ¦ ¦ .
Hops continue very. firmly held by growers,
who are not inclined to entertain the bids of
buyerg for the new crop. The bids are in the
neighborhood of ll@13c.
The situation iir Hides remains as before
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about * lV4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9* 2 c; medium. 8«,4c: ' light. Sc; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. Sc: Salted Calf.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Dealers continue to quote , a dull market,
with no change in prices.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12V£©13c for light medium, 13>4c for
light, A-c for extra light and 13%c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess
Beef. S12 per barrel: extra Mess. J12 £0; Fam
ily -$13 E0; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra" clear.
123- Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10%c; 10-lb tins, lltfc: 5-lb tins. U%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8T4c; three
half- barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8?4c; two tierces,
8y.c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
Seeded Raisins are selling freely at the ad
vance noted below, but other descriptions are
dull. . * -
All anxiety about "the coming Prune season
has disappeared. Reports from all districts
point to such a reduced yield this year that
even buyers admit that even If considerable of
last year's crop be carried over there will be
a good market, as every Prune will be needed.
One authority writes up from San Jose that
the Santa Clara crop will not exceed 20 per
cent of last year's yield.
Apricots, Apples and Peaches continue in
good demand, and Moorpark Apricots are said
to be cleaned up. . Peaches are also cleaning
up, and Apples are actually scarce. The
market for dried fruits is In altogether dif
ferent shape than It was a couple of months
ago. Pears alone are neglected. They have
not moved at all this year.
Almonds and Walnuts are firm at the ad
vance already noted, and are cleaning up.
Honey is dull.
FRUITS — Apricots, 5@7%c for Royals:
Evaporated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried, l%@2c:
Peaches, 3^@4c for standard, 4%@5%c for
choice and 6@6*2C for fancy; Pears, 2@7c;
Plums, pitted, 3^@5c; unpitted. l@l%c; Nec
tarines, 4©lV4c for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s_
4?ic; 50-60s, 4Vic: 6C-70s, 3%c; 70-80s. 3Vic: 80-9CS,
2%c; 90-1009, 2Vic; 100-1203. l%c. These prices
apnly to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination belns made.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, l"c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; crime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, W/*c per
lb; choice, 9V4c; standard. S^c; prfme. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas,. 8c; . Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c: 4-crown. 7c: 3-crown, 6V£c: 2-crown, 6c.
1'aciflc brand— 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5^4c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5Vic;
London Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50;
Imperial, $3. - All prices f. o. b. at - common
shipping points in California.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10@llc: No.
2, 7'/4f#Sc; No. 1 hardshell, 10c; No. 2, 6@7c;
Almonds, 13@14c for,papersheH, 10@llc for soft
shell and 5@6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 6@6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, ll@llHc; Filberts,
12«S12».£c: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50® 5.
HONEY— Comb. 13%@14c for bristht and 12^4
©13c for lleht amber; water white extracted,
7@7%c; light amber extracted, 5@6c; dark, 4^
5c per lb. .
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
Receipts of Cherries and Strawberries were
smaller," owing to the rain, and both were
higher in consequence. The advance In berries
was especially sharp.
About ,1ft cars of Oranges will be auctioned
to-day.
Oranges continue In moderate supply and
firm, and good stock sells well. Limes are
quiet, as the market is well supplied. Lemons
are steady, and fine fruit Is scarce and firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
CHERRIES—Receipts were 118 boxes, selling
at 50c<!T$l per box for red and .$1©1 75 for dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $10@15 per chest for Long
worths and $8@10 for large berries. Receipts
were 52 chests.
APPLES— $1®2 Z0 per box.
ClTi. US FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2 23;
Seedlings. 75c<g$l; Tangerines, 73c@$l 25; Lem
ons, 75c#$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $4 50@5; Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 23@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, $1 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14%c; seconds, ;
store. 12c. - .
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream. 9c; choice.
8%c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10%c;
Eastern, full cream, 14<gl6c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White, 13c; mixed
colors. He per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; standard,
13c; seconds, .
Creamery— Extras, 16%c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
The Butter market continues well supplied,
but stocks are not as large as they have been,
owing to the general packing now going on.
The feeling is firm, especially for fine cream
eries, which bring the quotations without dlfn
cutly. ' Some dealers are placing their surplus
Butter in cold storage.
Cheese is steady and In fair demand, though
there Is no scarcity. . . ,
i; Receipts of- Eggs continue liberal and the
market is weak. Most dealers have more on
their floors than they care to have. Prices,
however, show no further decline.
Receipts were 104,700 pounds and 204 tubs of
Butter, 1314 cases Eggs, 587 cases Eastern
Eggs. 6950 ¦ pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS*
BUTTER— Creamery, 17@17%c per lb for fancy
and 16@16%c for seconds; dairy, 14@16c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 10@10%c; old,
9©9%c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 13«16^c for good to fancy;
store, 13i@14'/sc per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
steadier than they were last week, though they
¦howed little change. Ducks and Geese, how
ever, were lower, and Hens slightly higher.
All Poultry sold readily.
No Eastern Poultry has been received thus
far this week. ¦ ', ..,
Considerable small young Hare are being re
ceived, and they sell at the Inside quotation.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gobblers
and Il(gl2c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25<3>
150; Goslings, $2 25® 2 30; Ducks. $4@5 for old
and $5©6 for young; Hens. ti'Qo; young Roos
ters, $7<3S; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers. $5 SO
«?6 50; Broilers, $4 50@5 for large and $2@3 50
for small; Pigeons. $1 75@3 per dozen lor old
and $1 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1@125: Rabbits. $125 for Cot
tontail and 75c©$l for Brush.
¦ T?ier« was less Poultry on the- market yes
terday, owing to the storm, and prices were
The Potato market shows signs of a boom.
Stocks are very light and prices- have advanced
sharply again, as will be seenL The lightness
of stocks is due to the heavy drafts upon Ore
gon by Washington, where frosts cut down the
yield, and where there Is a shipping demand
for the north.'. Texas, too, .has .been drawing
on this market instead of the East, and these
two demands are cleaning up the California
and Oregon markets. New Potatoes are also
higher, as the storm has lessened the receipts.
Oregons are higher, owing to the storm,
which has cut down arrivals, and to lighter re
ceipts from Australia, the steamer bringing up
only 1489 crates. .
The rajn has also produced a general advance
tn "Vegetables, receipts of which were much
diminished, as will be seen.
Receipts were 1134 boxes Asparagus, 118 boxes
Rhubarb, 163 sacks . Bay Peas, 24 sacks
String Beans and 40 sacks New Potatoes.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 80@90c; Burbanks.
83c@$l 23 for River and $1 35#l 70 -for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles. $1 50; Sweets. 50@60c for Mer
ced; New Potatoes, 2@3c per lb.
ONIONS— Cut Onions, 50c@$l 23 per sack:
Australians, $3 75©4; Green Onions, 40@50c per
box; New White, $3; New Red, $2@2 50 per
sack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 73c@$l 75 per box;
Asparagus, $2©2 25 for fancy, $1 50@l 75 per box
for No. 1 and $1@1 25 for No. 2; Green Peas,
$1 25@1 75 per sack; Garden Peas. 2%c per lb;
String Beans. 5@9c for Los Angeles and S@llc
for Vacavllle; Horse Beans, 60@60c per sack;
Cabbage, SOc@$l per ctl; Tomatoes. Mexican,
$1 25@1 50 per crate; from Los Angeles, $1 50©
2: Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra. 15c per lb:
Carrots, 25<g3oc per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers. 5O@90c per dozen; Garlic. 10@12* per lb;
Green Peppers, 14!g25c per lb; Egg Plant, SOc
per lb. ,
. Poultry and Game.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
@6 50; Pea, nominal: Red Kidney. $4 50 per ctL
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. *$2 50®3; Canary. 3Y X @
S%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.; 2@
2&c; Hemp, 3%c; Timothy, 6%c; ,
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2®2 50; Green. $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, April 30.— Wheat— Quiet and un
changed; bluestem, CO&c; club, 68c
OREGON. ' ;
PORTLAND, April 30.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
69@£9V4c
Cleared— Ship Wega, with 121.611 bushels of
wheat; bark Port Carlisle, with 78,995 bushels
of wheat, both for Queenstown.
The total shipments of wheat (flour Included)
from Portland for the month of April ? were
2,156,607 bushels, compared with 928,436 bushels
for the same month last year.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 30.— Clearings, $355,
150; balances, t50, 681.
Portland's Business.
CLOSING. "
WHEAT— Spot— Firm. No. 2 red "Western
winter. ; No. 1. Northern spring, 6s. l*4d:
No. 1 California. 6s 2d. Futures— Quiet. May,
5« 9%d; July, 53 10%d. .....
CORN— Spot— Firm. •American mixed new.
4s 5d; American mixed old, 4s B^jd. Kuturas™-
Steady. July, Za ll%d;'May, nominal.
LONDON, April W.— Consols. H Mt; silver.
27 3-lGd; French . rentes. . lOlf 50e; cargoes on
pelage, rather easier; cargoes No, 1 standard
California. 80s; cargoes .Walla Walla, 2Ss Bd:
English country markets, firm. ¦
LIVERPOOL. April 30.— Wheat, quiet; No. t
standard Colifornia, 6s 2d@6s 2%d; - wheat tn
Paris, weak: flour In Paris, weak; Frencii
country "markets, firmer. ¦¦+¦ • ¦
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-S2d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, April 95.-~COTTON-On the
first . call a fairly steady tone obtained, de
spite the fact that the prices were off 2@7
points from last. night's closing. At noon the
loss had increased to a matter of S@6 points,
sentiment at that time - being bearish. Th*
market closed quiet, 2@« points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
SPELTER— Quiet, but iteady, $4 02%Si4 OS,
PIGIRON— Warrants were unchanged.
- NEW YORK. April W.— There -¦¦»# »o notaUle
feature in the local markets for .metals to
day. Tin was about the only thins changed
on the list, and this was a sympathetic' ad
vance In view of the firmness in London, where.
prices advanced. The close here was quiet at
$25 €5<525 95. •
Copper In London was a shade easier, «pcrt
closing at £69 10s and futures at £70.
¦ Continued apathy prevails In copper, and
prices were more or l?s» nominal on the basis
of 17c for lake and"JS%© for casting.
New York Metal Market
*X>mXm, April J0.— Th» third series er the
wool auction rales opened to-day, A good
representative assortment, amounting to- 13.Q7J
bales, was offered. The 4eal was chiefly from
tha home trade, but fairly good bidding by
anxious buyers caused keen competition. Prices
were generally firm and at times showed slight
advances, home fine merinos being 5 per cent
dearer. Good Queensland were active and de
mand jyood. Fine crossbred3 were steady, but
common and coarse grades were 5e lower. Cape
of Good Hope and Natal wers in good request
at good prices. - _ v ' •
London Wool Sales*
BOSTON. April 30.— The demand for wool
here 4$ quiet, but the tone of values i? steady,
and buyer* needing supplies are paying about'
former rates. Dealers claim that the outlook
Is very favorable, although any material ad
vance at the present time "ts not looked for.
Territory wools continue to head the list at
sales with prices about the same.
Territory .wools, scoured basis— Montana fin*
medium and fine, M@15c : scoured. 42gi3c ;
staple. 45@<4Gc; Utah, Wyoming and Idaho fine
medium and fine,/ 12@14c; ecoured, 40S42e;
staple. 44@46c. - ¦ ._ : ¦ ¦ 7:
Australian, scoured baslsf-Spot pricies, -comb
ing superfine,. 6S@70c; good, 64@l5«; average.
60@6S& . ¦ -¦*-• • ••
Boston^ Wool Market.
@4 60; fair to choice mixed. $4 20@4 50; •West
ern sheep, ; $4 2S@4 60; Texas sheep, yearlings.
$4 40®4 65; native lambs. $4 50©5 30;, -Western
lambs. $4 60@5 30. -
Flour, qr sks.... 13.C9S.Wool. bales 43S
Wheat, ctls 21.830 Leather, rolls .. 103
Barley.-ctls 2.30a Wine, gals S7.60O
Beans, sks : 157 Tallow, gatl .... 237
Rye. ctls isn Hides, No. C05
Potatoes, sks .... 852| Pelts. No .423
Onions, sks 25 1 Silver, "asks .... 30
Hay, tons 233'
The Giant Powder Co. has declared Dividend
No. 29 of 73 cents per share.
m
* : ¦ *(
FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 30.
Receipts of Produce.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 19c: Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star, 23c: Elaine, 24c: Eocene. 21c:
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c: In
cases. 21c: Benzine, In bulk. 14c; in cases, 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; In cases. 26c.
SALT— H. R. H. Is quoted at $18 73 per ton
In large sacks and $19 75 In 50s. Liverpool Is
quoted at HTfi IS 50 for the best and $14 50@15 25
for lower grades. Hlggins*. $27 50©30 per ton.
TURPENTINE— 55c per g&llcn in cases and
'49c In drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%@
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7@7?4c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50@47 per flask for local
¦use and $45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered, 5.73c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.63c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Fruit Granulated. 5.80c;
Magnolia A. 6.25c; Extra C. 5.13c: Golden C,
5.03c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes. SOc more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No or
ders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equiv
alent. Dominos, half-barrels, 6.40c; boxes, 5.65a
per lb.
LUMBER— Retail ?rices are ag follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $13@19; extra sizes, higher; Red
wood. $1S@19: Lath. 4 feet, $3 90@4: Pickets. $20:
Shingles, $2 for common and J2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $13 for spilt and $14 for sawn; Rustic,
$2S<g29. ; ¦ --¦- ¦• -<¦ - :;•¦-
OILS^ — California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
73c; pure, Jl 30; Linseed OH, In barrel3. boiled.
75c: raw, 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c: China
Nut. 55@C3c per gallon: pure Xeatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 65c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pura, 65c; Whals
Oil. natural white, 37%@42Hc per gallon; Fish
OH. In barrels, 33c; cases. 40c.
. LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S@32c per lb: Sol»
Leather, medium, 2G@30c: Sole Leather, light.
23<§2Sc: Rough Leather, heavy. 27@28c; Rough
Leather, light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
3Sfi39c for No. 1 and Z(XS3Sc for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium, 30@37c: Harness Leather,
light. 29@33c; Skirting, 36#4Oc; Collar Leather.
15@lSc per foot: Kip. unfinished, 40«?50c per lb;
Veal, finished, 50@35c: Calf, finished. 75c® Jl 20:
Sides, finished. 16@17c per foot: Belt Knits
Splits. 14@16c: Rough Splits. 8<gl0c per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground, $26@2S per ton; Stick.
$l?'52O per cord.
Nicaragua— 12%@15Vic nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 9@ll%c nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; 7%@8%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; 9%ai0c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexico— 12<S16c for prime to
fancy washed; 10%@ll%c for strictly (rood
washed: 9%@10%c for good washed; 8%S9^o
for fair washed; 7%@8V*c for medium; 6@7Vio
for Inferior to ordinary; 11013c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 9%@10%c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: &%<QS^3>3
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
CANNED FRUITS— Extras In 2%-lb tins ar»
quoted as follows: Apricots. $1 50; Cherries. $3
for black and $3 for Royal Anne; Grapes, $1 33;
Peaches. 65c@« 75: Pears, $183; Plums, $133®
1 40; Qulnce3. U 63; Strawberries. $1 75.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $S 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end. $3: Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $15 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
neU «0 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$3 40 per 2CC0 pounds and $S BO per ton. accord
ing to brand.
CORDAGE— The local cordage company
auotes as follows: Pure Manila. 13c per lb;
Sisal Eize. 10c; Bale Rope. 9^c; Duplex. 9*.
Terms. 60 days, or 1% per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10.COO lbs. lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. Eo.
cases regular. 5.50c; do, extra large. 5.75c: do t
Eastern style. 6.23c; Boneless. 7c; "Norway.
7c; "Narrow Gauge," 7c; "Silver King. 7V»c;
blocks. "Oriental." 6%c; do, "Seabright. 7c;
tablets, 7%c: middles, 7V;c; do. "White Seal.
S%c; 5-lb boxes fancy. Boneless, 9c: 2-lb boxes.
do TVic; desiccated, per dozen, 73c; Pickled
Cod. barrets, each, $7 73; do. half-barrels, each.
$4 75
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14%@15%e for strictly
prime to fancy washed: 12%®14c for prim*
washed; ll@12c for good washed; ll%013c for
good to prime washed peaberry: U@U%c for
good to prime peaberry: 10%@U%c for good to
prime; 9@10c for good current mixed with
black beans; 9@l0c for fair; 6@7%c for cdmmoa
to ordinary.
Salvador — 13%@13%c for strictly prlm<»
washed; 9®12%c for good to prime washed:
8U®S%c for fair washed: ll@12%c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 8%@9o for good to
prime semi-washed: 8?4@87*c for superior un
washed; 8%©8%c for good green unwashed;
10@10%c for good to suDerior unwashed pea
berry; 6@7%c for common to ordinary.
GRAIN BAGS— Grain Bags rule firm at th«i
advance asked by Importers since the copious
rains have materially increased the grain yield. I
,San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta Grain Bags.
6ii@7c; local make, }»c less than Calcuttas;
Wcol Bags. 30@34c: Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc.
The storm has checked the receipts of Ife*.
hence quotations are more" or less nom!najat
the moment. Packers, however, are still ty
ing to fill their wants at the reduced pric«ot
Other meats stand as before. Beef and "«M
are steady, while Mutton and Uml) are ™e«.
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 6®7c per lb fcr
cows. ,. I
VEAL-Large. 7@Sc; small, 8®9c per ¦ lb. 1
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@SVic; Ewes. lH<BSc pe
pound. '
LAMB— Spring. 9@9%c per pound. \
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6%1
6S4c; ISO to K3 lbs. 6%©6^c: 225 and over. &J
6^c; feeders. ; dressed Hogs. 8%@3ViC,
. G.eneral Merchandise.
San Francisco Meat Marketl
skins. 20c. Goatsklns-Prtma Angoral 75ct
"^^"'iSTrA nJo *
or
11: do. defective, 8@10c: he ™A, h. 'X?*;
8@9c; Southern, free. 7 months. .<310c; d| de
fective. 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon .Valley. fl».l»
«?16c; do.- medium and coarse. «®"c. °fj?!
Eastern, choice. 12@14c; do. fair to good. apus.
Nevada. 10@12c. *-< I
HOPS— 15@20c per lb," j : • ">' "V, I
"WASHINGTON, April 80.— Today's state
ment "of tha treasury balance In th« general
fund, exclusive of the $158,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $153,0*7,149; gold, $35.SM.T69.
"NEW - YORK. April 30.^-Clese: ; Money - on
call, firm at 3^@6 per. cent; . last -loan;': 4
per cent: ruling rate, * per cent: prime" mer
cantile paper, 4®4% - P«r cent- - Sterling ex
change easy.- with actual ¦ business In bank
ers' bills at $4 87%©4 88 for demand and • at
*tU% for sixty days: posted rates, $4 85%@
4 80 and' $4 89; commercial, $4 84% 04 S4%. Sil
ver certificate* $0c. Bar '¦silver, 69%o. Mexi
can dollars 48%c. Bonds— Government, firm
er; State, Inactive; railroad. Irregular. ;. t
Condition of the : Treasury. I ~- .
New York Money [Market:
Atchison, TWSi Canadian 1 Paeifle, 106%: Union
Pacific preferred. 99: -Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 10*94: Grand Trunk, UH; Anaconda,
10%. »ar silver, flat, Xl.S-lH. per ounce. Money,
3©3^ percent. ...... :.-. r " '¦.¦¦:.• U :..-..
Cl*OSINO,
NBWTORK, April 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's' London financial cablegram says:
Business on i the Stock Exchange her« was
cheerful to-day. In consols the settlement was
expected, to disclose a b<;ar account of the new
issue, but the contango was 2% instead ot the
3>£ locked' for. The American department was
th» center of interest again and was worth
watchinj. Price* -were buoyant from start to
finish, rising without pause, though there was
heavy profit-taking, especially In Northern Pa
clfic, .The buying of Union Pacific was good
and Southern Pacific rose In sympathy. It ia
the fashion to buy high-priced stocks, the low.
priced Issues are neglected. New York buying
started in AtchlSDn, which, however, soon be
cam the feature here on a renewal of tha re
port and denlaj that the dividend on the. com
mon wa* to be at th* rate of 4 per cent. The
preferred boomed . to .103%. the comhje-n £5.
Money was to-day at unchanged rates; £10.000
sold Is going out- to South Arnerioa. ¦ Silver
ielaps*dr on proJQt-tAklns< •. .*-- '.'..'
London Market.
Ed Eleo I11.........210 Humboldt 2o
Mexican Central... 25% Osceola S/%
N E Gas & Coke.. 11% Parrot... 53},
Old Colony ...211 Qulncy ........'. 17i "
Old Dominion. 3514 Santa Fe Copper..
Rubber 20% Tamarack 338
Union Pacific HS-5i Utah Mining. .3-
Union Land 3W. Wlnona " «g
West End 93% Wolverines 53H
T&E SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 19O1,
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
10
STATIONS.
I Last I This I Last
24 Hours Season. I Season.
Eureka O.02
Red Bluff 0.C2
Sacramento 0.10
San Francisco P. 61
Fresno 0.12
Independence Trace
San Luis Obispo 0.14
Los Angeles 0.60
San Diego
45.93
24.21
19.42
20.43
10. 82
6.81
30.36
14.77
10.66
47.95
21.76
17.36
18.10
8.30
3.43
15.82
.6.10
4.44
STATIONS.
I Last I This I Last
24 Hours Season. I Season.
Eureka O.02
Red Bluff 0.C2
Sacramento 0.10
San Francisco P. 61
Fresno 0.12
Independence Trace
San Luis Obispo 0.14
Los Angeles 0.60
San Diego
45.93
24.21
19.42
20.43
10. 82
6.81
30.36
14.77
10.66
47.95
21.76
17.36
18.10
8.30
3.43
15.82
.6.10
4.44AT A SIMPLE WEDDING AT THE HOME OF THE BRIDE'S PARENTS ON
¦FULTON STREET THESE. POPULAR YOUNG PEOPLE WERE YESTER
DAY UNITED IN THE BONDS OF WEDLOCK.
FRESNO, April 30.— The Republican
City v Convention . to-day - nominated a
ticket for the • flrst election under the
new charter.. Chester H. Ptowell. editor
of the Morning Republican, was named
for Mayor by acclamation. The platform
declared that the non-partisan feature of
the charter. must be carried out both in
letter and . spirit. • uj. -<\ ,
Fresno's Republican Ticket.
It is also expected to be of great benefit
to the country at large and to all ship
building and ship-operating interests. .' -
Before leaving New York to participate
In the tour of the country being made by
President McKinley, Irving M. Scott gave
his. approval to the plans of amalgama
tion. Some of those who have promoted
the deal were desirous of having a bond
issue, but to this Scott would not con
sent. He Insisted and _ others met hla
views. Scott then named a representa
tive, who participated in the meeting held
to-day, when the preliminary agreement
was signed.^ ¦ .
For more than a year plans have been,
maturing for this amalgamation of ship
building interests. The deal would have
been closed long ago had Jt not been for
attempts of other companies to force
their way into the combination. Those
most interested were determined to- so or
ganize as to avoid the appearance of a
"trust" and to make stifling of competi
tion impossible. Their purposes have been
accomplished. An organization has been
effected which is expected to benefit the
yards concerned and the men employed
therein. ' .
Capital sufficient for the enterprise is
already aeeured. In order that outside
influence may not obtain control it has
been provided that no bonds be' issued.
Capital stock amounting to $70,000,000 will
be issued and a syndicate has already
been formed to underwrite the entire
amount. H. E. Huntingdon, nephew of
the late Collis P. Huntington, it is said,
Is to.be the president of the new concern.
Irving- M. Scott of the Union Iron \V0rk3
of San Francisco will be "vico president,
and he will have much to do with the
management.
In the deal ara the Newport News
Ship-building- and Drydock Company,
New London Ship-building ' Company,
Crescent Shipyards of Elizabethport.N.J.,
Union Iron Works of San Francisco, Bath
Iron Works and Bath Windlass Company
of Maine. > ...
NEW YORK, April 30.— At a meeting
held in this city to-day an agreement was
reached which will bring under one man
agement five of the greatest shipbuilding
concerns in this country. What is of
greater consequence to New York and
owners of ships,; this port is" to have a
drydock greater than any other in the
world. It will take in any -ship now
Efloat or under construction.
Special Dispatch to The Call. 1
Five Large ' Companies
Agree on Amal"
SHIP BUILDERS
ARE NOW UNITED
Victory for Saloon Men.
REDWOOD CITY,: April 80.— After a
warm discussion, .In which representatives
of the saloon and anti-saloon element par
ticipated last night, the City Trustees de
cided not to increase > the cost of saloon
licenses, but limited the number of li
censes to be issued to twfenty.
the Merle School, between this city and
Oceanslde, one of her pupils undoubtedly
owes his life. The teacher and three or
four of her pupils -were on their way to
the school, the boys barefooted and rac
ing ahead and behind in boy. fas^on. .One
of them, about 12 j r ears old an<Pthe son
of one of the patrons of the. school, star
tled a rattlesnake, and before he could get
out of the way the reptile had buried its
fangs in his leg just above the ankle. -
Miss Frasee knew that something must
be done quickly if the child's life were to
be saved. After hurrying the other chil
dren away for the boy's father with in
structions to bring whisky, she seated the
child by the side of the road and applied
her lips to the wound to suck the poison
from the veins. . She was evidently suc
cessful, for the poison did not seem to
take immediate effect on the child. When
the father arrived the lad was thoroughly
dosed with whisky, which counteracted
the snake's venom and supplemented the
work so well done by the teacher. . . .
The child was hurried to Oceanside, be
ing completely under the Influence of the
liquor by the time he reachea the doctor's
office. The physician declared that • the
prompt action of the teacher had undoubt
edly saved the boy's life. This evening ho
pronounced the patient put of danger.. _:
SAN DIEGO, April 30.— To the presence
of mind of Minnie Frasee, the teacher of
SUCKS THE POISON
FROM A SNAKE BITE
"WASHINGTON, .April 30.'— The follow
ing Calif ornians are 'at the hotels : . i Ra
leigh—W.'"TC. ' Ralston : arid A. v Lv . Peyson;
Arlington-'C. H« Crocker— all •> of -. ' Saa
Francisco.
CALITORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
" SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, April 30.— The
new $150,000 pier caught . flre ; this ; ; after
noon i and I was . destroyed In half an hour.
A large stock of sugar and . rum . was lost
in the lire.; The fire continues to rage and
the flames threaten to spread to the stores
of the ¦ Custom-house. \ Several lives may
be lost, but this Is not certain.' '
ILAMES MAKE R-TJTN ¦
I OF PORTO RICSA2T PIER
serts that fifteen persons were 'killed by
tho collapse of the cupola of, the Greek
church at Kliszura, Albania, and that the
catastrophe is supposed, to, have -been the
work of Bulgarian agitators, •' .
Disaster in a Greek Church at Zlis
zura Said to Be Due to Bui- 'A vV
garians;
LONDON, May 1.— A' dispatch' to the
Daily : Telegraph . from ; Constantinople as-
FIFTEEN PERSONS * KTLI.ED
BY CUPOLA'S COIiLAPSE
The British steamship Ophir, , having on
board the Duke and, Duchess of Cornwall
and York, has arrived here. She reports
all well on board. The Ophlr parted com
pany with the escorting cruisers last Sun
day, as the latter were running short of
coal. It was decided that the yacht should
hurry on ahead so as surely to arrive at
Melbourne in time for the opening of the
first Federal Parliament, May 6 to 8. .
Steamship Ophir Parts Company
With Escorting Cruisers and
Hastens to Melbourne. \
ALBANY, West Australia, April 30.—
SON OF KING EDWARD
ARRIVES IN AUSTRALIA
Tho Laborers' Protective Union No." «944,
A. F. of i L. , will . hold j its \ regular weekly
meeting at 1159 Mission street -at % p.' nv
Sunday. - Members are • requested . to : be
present; as important business, is to b©
transacted.
Laborers' Protective. Union.
.In order to bring about a settlement of
the difficulties between the men engaged
in the affiliated iron industries the em
i ployers had a -conference yesterday at 320
1 Post street with an employe from each
shop which will be effected' by the new
schedule of price3 demanded and which
will go into effect on May 20. Every ef
fort was made to keeo the results of the
meeting secret. But the utterances of em
ployers and of the men who attended in
dicate that the situation is strained de
spite the date set for the enforcement of
the demand is nearly three weeks away.
Just what developed at the. conference
and what tho results may be none pres
ent would say. With double-locked doors
the members of the, Iron Trades Council,
as the foundrymen, ship builders and al
lied trades ere known, discussed the situ
ation and decided that they would not
give in. ' • ¦ ' -. •'
This determination was reached after a
long and acrimonious debate. After the
meeting: opened the representatives of
each shop, accompanied .. by Secretary
Wlsler of v the International Machinists',
Association, were called in and an' hour
was spent in discussing the situation. The
grievances of the men were explained; the
employers also had their say, and then the
¦workmen. were sent out Into the rain.
•After an hour's further deliberation the
employers went away. As they came -from
the hall they were "loud in their protesta
tions against granting the demands of tho
men, which mean -a shortening of the
day of labor to nine hours and an Increase
of wages by 12^ per cent. It is not prob
able that any refusal of this demand will
be made in writing or that any action will
be taken by the employers in advance:
They will simply await the action of th«
employes. , _ •¦ - /
According to Irving M. Seotf of the
Union Iron Works all differences will. be
arranged before the date set for putting,
the new schedule into effect:
. "Any reasonable demands the men may
make,'" says Mr. Scott, "will be carefully
considered and adjusted. As far, as, any
strike before May 20 is concerned, we do
not anticipate it.; Our. relations are har
monious, so far, and - the Ohio will be
launched at the time set,"
MAY ADJUST DIFFERENCES.
Cleveland outbatted and cutflelded the visitors
Milwaukee took advantage of Scott's wildnesa
and bunchtd their bits. Attendance, 1655.
Score:
R. II. E.
Cleveland g IS "' 1
Milwaukee 8 9 2
Batteries— Scott and Yeag*r; Garvin, Dowl
lr.g and Leahy.
CLEVELAND. April 30.— Milwaukee won Jts
flrst game of the season to-day. Although
PHILADELPHIA, Aprfi 30.— The Boston team
cf the American League to-day defeated the
home team in a ten-inning: game and won its
Cret victory of the season. A sensational left
handed catch of a foul fly by Collins was the
feature. Attendance, 2398. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 6 12 J
Boston 8 10 ¦;•. 1
Batteries— Young and Crlger; Mllllgan and
Powers.
WASHINGTON, April 30.— The Washington
American League team took Its second game
from Baltimore to-day. Attendance, 8000.
Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 12 16 5
Baltimore e 13 7
Batteries— Lee and Clark; Brosnehan. Nops,
Schmidt and Latimer.
CHICAGO, April 30.— Detroit's winning streak
vras stopped to-day, Chicago's American League
team getting the honor of giving them the
first defeat of the season. Score:
n. h. e.
Chicago 4 9 4
Detroit 2 5 3
Batteries — Skopoc and Sullivan; Crohin,
Buelow and McAllister.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Boston • 16 4
Brooklyn 2 7 C- :'¦©
Batteries— Willis and Klttredge; Donovan
and McGuire. Umpire— Colgan.
Clubs— R- H. E.
Chicago 8 11 3
Cincinnati 7 10 4
Batteries — Menefee, Chance and Kling; ICew
ton and Peitz. Umsire — Emslie.
BROOKLYN. April 30. — Demont's single, a
rteal and Lor.g'e safe hit scored a run for the
Boston National Leairue team In the first, but
after that they could not Ret a runner to the
plate. Attendance, 2C00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 2 3 0
New York 3 9 2
Butteries — Orth and Douglass; Matthewson
and Smith. Umpire, — O'Eay.
PITTSBURG, April 30.— Both Harper and
PhilllppI pitched fine ball to-day. Harper kept
his hits well scattered and was an enigma to
the home team when the bases were occupied.
Brilliant fieldlnr characterized the same
throughout. Attendance, 2700. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Fittsburg 2 6 :'* '2
St. Louis 4 8 3
Batteries— PhilllppI and O'Connor; Harper
ar.d Ryan. Umpire — Dwyer.
CHICAGO, April SO.— With two men out and
tnree men on bases. Dexter -hit over Dobbs'
head, sending in two runs and winning a hard
fought content. Both teams hatted hard. Green
«jid Crawford excelling. Attendance, 600. Score:
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. April SO.— Matthewson had
the Philadelphia team completely at his mercy
to-day and New York v.-cm by the score of 3
to 2. Attendance. 1010. Score:
Clubs— It. H. E.
• 1
Eastern Baseball Games.
LONDON, A pril 30.— Richard Crcker's
Eileen Violet, ridden by Lester Re!ff. ran
third In the all-aged selling plate at New
market to-day. The race was won by
Octoroon Girl. Danny Maher. the Ameri
can jockey, rode Lord Harewodd's Night
Shade, winner of the Visitors' plate, a
welter handicap, and Lester Reiff had the
mount on W. G. Stevens' Brandsome,
¦which finished third in the s?anae race, the
second horse being Lord Dunraven's Sea.
Fog.
Lester Reiff also rode the winner, J. B.
Joel's His Lordship, in the first spring
two-year-old stakes. Maher piloted
Pierre Lorillard's Aii II. which was sec
ond. Satyr coming in third. James R.
Kecne's colt Lottie Hampton, with Maher
up, won a maiden race at live furlonss.
With Other Mounts in
England.
American Jockeys Have Success
CEOKEE'S HORSE IS THIBD.
Secretary Seward was ill and confined to
his bed at the time when Payne, one of
the conspirators. with Booth, attempted to
kill him. Mrt?. Coleman and an invalided
soldier named Robinson were in the Sec
retary's bedroom when Payne entered
the house. Mrs. Coieman met him in the
hallway just outside the Secretary's room.
She caught him an« screamed, and al
though'"he threw her aside she delayed
him long enough to enable Robinson to
also catch him. Payne broke away from
Robinson and reached the bedside, but
in the meantime Secretary Seward had
rolled to the opposite side of the bed and
the wounds which Payne was enabled to
inflict, though serious, were not fatal.
Mrs. Coleman was always credited with
savins the Secretary's life by delaying
the would-be assassin and was given a
place in the Treasury department 33 a
reward.
CALL .BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 30.— Mrs. Mar
garet T. Coleman, who was a domestic
In the family of Secretary of State Seward
when the attempt was made to assas
sinate him the same evening that J.
Wilkes Booth shot President Lincoln and
was credited with saving the Secretary'3
life, has resigned the place which she haa
held in the Treasury Department for
twenty-seven years.
Her resignation was due to ill-health
and feebleness and her niece. Miss Mar
garet T. Coleman, has been appointed in
her stead and will support her aunt for
the remainder of her life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Leaves the Treasury De
. partment After a
Long Service.
MRS. COLEMAN
GIVES UP PLACE
AUSTIN, Tex., April 30.— The charter of
the King Oil Company, with a capital
stock of 53,000,000, was filed in the Secre
tary of State's office here to-day. The
principal office is at Beaumont and its
purpose is to prospect for oil In many
counties of the State, build and operate
oil pipe lines, tanks, cars, etc. The incor
porators are J. B. Smithmon and William
Eaton, said to be wealthy oil operators of
Oil Citv, Pa.; J- W. Castle of New Or
leans; J. C. Hutchesan, Benjamin Camp
bell and E. W. Sewell of Houston; Robert
J. Klegerg o£ Corpus Christi, Tex.;
James B. Wells of Brownsville, Tex,, and
J. M. Chittin of San Antonio.
• The Texas members of this company are
among the wealthiest men of the State.
Wells is chairman of tho -State Demo
cratic committee. Secretary of State Todd
said to-day that he would approve and file
about twenty-five charters of new oil
companies to-marrow.
OGDEN, Utah., April 30.— M. D. Lessln-
Keo a prominent resident who has Just
returned from the oil region extending
from Piedmont' on the Union Pacific to
north of Fossil on the Oregon Short line, a
distance of thirty-six miles, reports great
excitement over the oil discoveries made
near Piedmont and the surface oil well3
or springs found around Fossil. California
and Pennsylvania oil experts are on the
ground and a great rush Is being made to
Stake claims. The petroleum brought to
the surface In borim? for water east of
Aspen tunnel has been analyzed and
found to equal, ns an lUuminaht, the best
product of the Pennsylvania wells and is
said to 6a worth ?6 a barrel. In a. crude
State. v
Claims aggregatifig 5000 acres have been
recorded in the Bvanston land office in the
last week. A concerted ' effort is being
made by locators on the ground: to keep
the news of the Aspen tunnel gusher front
reaching the outside. Within the past
three days large parties of Ogden and Salt
Lako men have left for the ail region. ,¦
Special. Dispatch, to The Call.
Immense Amount Is In
vested by a Texas
Company.
THREE MILLIONS
IN OIL FIELDS
MISS GRACE GUMMER and Rob
ert . Earl Reid were married
yesterday at noon at the homo
of the bride's mother. Mrs. S.
; P. Gummer. 1334 Fulton street- I
It was a simple wedding, and only the
immediate relatives were present syhen
the Rev. J. J. Stephens . pronounced the
binding words. Neither bride nor tfroom
had any attendants. . The bride wore\a
beautiful gown of cafe au lait crendv
made over a foundation v of turquoise blue
silk. The corsage was trimmed with lace
and finished with a stock and girdle of
turquoise panne velvet. The- bride's bou-
quet was composed of white carnations.
Mr. and Mrs. Reid left yesterday after
noon on a- southern bridal trip. They ex
pect to be gone, one month and on their
-j-eturn will make their home in this citv.
C&Vmong the guests present at the wedding
were the following named:. V.
Mrs. S.' F. Gumroer, Mrs. E. St. Reid, Mr.
and Mrs. E. R. Mauzy, Dr. and Mre. C. C
O"DonneH, Mrs. C. J. Church, Mr. and Mrs.
F. A. Gummer, Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Gummer
of San Jose, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Stephens Mr
and Mrs. B. D. Eaton, Mr. and Mrs. I. I. N.
l'attison, Mr. and Mrs. George Young, Mr. and
Mrs. "Ed Young, Mrs. Minnie Young:, Mrs. P.
I... Dunbar, Miss Florence Sherwood, Mlsa
Chispa Sanborn, Miss Freda Ohlandt. Percy
Rice and Miss Josie Lane of Gten Ellen.
The Limited abandoned D. O. Mills* pri
vate car and proceeded eastward. The
Raymond excursion train, with the excep
tion of the bag-gage car, is here. The
•wreck should be cleared in a couple of
hours.
Conductor Grant was in the baggage car
and was thrown through the door but is
unhurt. Many passengers on the Limited
and on the excursion train were badly
shaken up.
Fireman Saunders. who was killed, was
a resident of Rocklin and a young man
he!d In high esteem.
There were seven cars in the limited
train and six in the special. The wreck
ing crew was called from Truckee and
Dr. Shoemaker was summoned to attend
the Injured.
It then came up to the station and
stopped to notify th3 conductor of a w.st
bound freight train about the rock.
While the train was standing at the sta
tion the Raymond & Whitcomb special
appeared around the curve, and. before it
could be stopped, ran Into the rear of the
limited, badly damaging both engines and
the baggage car on the special and the
second engine, mail car and one sleeper
on the limited.
The limited had left Emigrant Gap
about three hours late, having been de
tained by a freight off the track, and on
nearing Tuba Pass discovered a rock on
the track, which also, delayed it a short
time. ; ;,
D. O. Mills and his granddaughter and
"VThitelaw Reid and wife had just seated
themselves at the dining table in the rear
of their car when the crash came. All
¦were more or less bruised and scratched,
but none were seriously injured. White
law Reid received an ugly cut in the face,
J. L. Nelson, the colored porter, was
slightly hurt in the shoulder and on -the
cm: and F. J. Smith, the colored cook, re
ceived scalds on the feet- and a slight
bruise on the head. • ' -
Engineer Tuttle of the head engine is
cut about the head and face "and badly
shaken up, but his injuries are not at all
serious. "W'ickes of the second engine is
slightly bruised. George Stevenson, a fire
man, was scratched and bruised.
EMIGRANT GAP. April 30.— In - the
flarkness of the smoke of the snowsheds a
Raymond excuision train ran into the
rear end of limited No. 2 at Yuba Pass,
four miles east of here, this evening. The
private car of D. O. Mills was on the rear
of the limited and was badly damaged.
Fireman James Saunders of Dalles, Or.,
was Instantly killed, his skull being
crushed, his back broken and his legs
mangled and crushed to a pulp. • . -
Special Dispatch .to The Call. *
Fireman Eaundcrs Loses His • Lif 3
and Many Passengers Sustain
Bruises.
WMtelaw Reid Receives an
Ugly Wound Across
the Face.
D. O. Mills* Private Car
in a Collision at
Y\iba Pass.
MEN OF NOTE
ARE INJURED
IN A WRECK
"There was room In the quarters on the
Copack for only about half of the men,"'
says Hennessy. "The rest were compelled
to sleep in the horse stalls between deckp.-
The galley where our food was prepared
was next to useless. At Nagasaki our or
ders were changed and as we only had
khaki suits we suffered a great deal from
the cold. No arrangements were made on
the boat for drinking or wash water for
the men. We managed to steal or buy cr
beg drinking water from the Chinese cook
and went without washing. The digni
tary also sold the men- at exorbitant
prices food from the cabin ir.ess. Those
of us who had some money left managed
to live in this way, but it was no consola
tion to these who had none."
These facts arc made public by P. Hen
nessy, one of the passengers, and verified
by others. Hennessy went to the Philip
pines last fall as a Government packer
and served until March of this year. He
had a contract with the Government, un
der which he was to be given transporta
tion and subsistence to the place of his
enlistment, provided he served a' year.
As he was released upon his own request
he was given transportation without sub
sistence, a t^rm which when applied to
a thirty-day voyage seems something of
a contradiction, as the only way in "which
a man could make such a voyage with
out subsistence would be In an embalmed
state.
The food, they allege, was insufficient
in quantity and improperly prepared. A
civilian cook was employed, but no prop
er provisions -were made in the way of
utensils for him to use. Instead of hav
ing a regular galley stove, only a small
cook stove was provided. Many of the
men were given transportation without
subsistence and expected to provide S for
themselves before they started. Some
were una';!e to do so, while others had
their provisions stolen or got an insuffi
cient quantity. For there the officers
doled out enough in the way of rations
to prevent starvation, charging the men
jvith the issue., Upon the arrival of the
shJp here an attempt was made to col
lect the expense account, but the men re
fused to pay; i Some of them were de
tained on the *hip for some time, many
of them stealing ashore and swiding their
baggage off by their comrades who were
more fortunate. • *¦.': ¦-¦¦':
Among the indignities to which they
were subjected was that of being, com
pelled to sleep in horse stalls, without
ether accommodation, than their own
blanket for protection against the cold.
This would not have been a serious mat
ter had the vessel gone the southern
route to San Francisco, as she was or
dered to do upon -her departure from
Manila: but at Nagasaki the orders, were
changed and the vessel directed to come
to Taccma. Th.e northern route is colder
and consequently the men suffered. They
declare that no arrangements were made
for their cleanliness and they were com
pelled to make the entire voyage with
out more than one opportunity to bathe.
TACOMA. April 30.— The seventy dis
charged soldiers and Government em
ployes, who returned from Manila recent
ly on the transport Copack, now being
dismantled here, are loud in their de
nunciation of the alleged carelessness
v.'ith which the vessel was managed on
the trip and declare that they were mis
treated, neglected and allowed to go hun
gry during the gTeater portion of the
voj'age.
Complaint . of Soldiers
Who Came Home on
Copack.
DECLARE THEY
WERE STARVED
At 12:30 o'clock another clerk returned,
to find the office door wide upen, the lock
of the desk broken and the money gor,^.
Marks on the door Indicate that entrance
was gained with a chisel or other flat in
strument about an inch wide, while the
desk lock had been -forced in a similar
manner. The police and detective depart
ments of Lo3 Angeles and Pasadena are
at work on the case and while they have
what they believe are good clews they
have made no arrests.
The office of the railway company is on
the second floor of the First National Bank
building-, at the corner of Colorado street
and Fair Oaks avenue, the busiest awt
hi the city. The place was practically de-
Eerted to-day because of the rainstorm
and the thief had iio trouble in making
h!s way from the building without at
tracting attention. Whoever committed
the deed must have been familiar with
the habits of the auditor and his deputies,
as the office seldom is left unoccupied
during the day and it is onlv at certain
hours that any considerable" amount of
cash is on hand. The office force con
sists of the auditor, and five assistants,
most of whom, with the exception of Hitt,
are old employes.
PASADENA, April 30.— A bold daylight
robbery In the heart of the city to-day
depleted the treasury of the Los Angele3
and Pasadena Railway Company by $2500
in goid and bank notes. The money was
in charge of H. I. Chatfleld, auditor of
the company, who just before goins to
luncheon at 12 o'clock had checked yes
terday's receipts and was to take "the
money to Los Angeles this afternoon for
deposit. He placed the cash in a drawer
of his roll-top desk, which he locked, and
left H. H. Hitt, a clerk, in sole possession
of the office. Hitt left the place five min
utes later, locking the office door with a
spring- lock.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gets Away With Twenty-
Five Hundred Dollars in
Gold and Notes.
Robs the Office of the
Pasadena Railway /+
Company. ¦
BURGLAR'S BOLD
DAYLIGHT RAID
:ill5 SAST FEANCISCO-CaLL; WEDNESDAY, M A1T 1,? 1901.
' Monday. April M.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey. Chemainns.
' Schr Ocean . Spray. Olsen. Iversecs Landing.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 50-Stor Na
tional City, henca April 27.
COOS BAT— Sailed April 80— Schr Bmxn* Ut
ter, for San Diego; stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed April 30— Stmr
Aberdeen, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed April 80— Bark
Pactolus.' for Cape Town.- ¦
TACOMA — Arrived ADril 30— Bktn James
Johnson, from Seattle. .
SailM April 30— Ger ship Flotbek. for Qu«ns
town; Btmr Senator, for Seattle.
FOREIGN PORTS. . '
ANTOFAGASTA— Sailed April 29-^Br ¦hip
Blythewood. for Royal Roads.
FLEETWOOD- Sailed April »— Nor bark
Btjorn. for Hamburf;.
SALAVERRY— Sailed April 26-Br itmr Con
dor, for Royal Roads.
ACAPULCO— Sailed April 22— Stmr City ot
Para, 'for Panama.
. HONGKONG— Arrived April SO— Br «tmr Qas
llc, hence March 30. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
' NEW YORK— Arrived - April $0— 8tmr .Vto
toria, from Genoa, Leghorn and Naples.
SAILED.
Monday, April 10.
¦' Star Peru, Pillsbury, 24% day» from Pana
ma, via Mazatlan 6 days.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 66% hours from Port
land, via Astoria. 46 hours.
CLEARED.
Monday, April SO.
Star Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria; Ooodall,
Perkins it Co. -
Stmr Queen. - Thomas, Saa - Diego; Ooodall.
Perkins & Co. ...
Br Btmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemalnai; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
LATE SHIPPING INTEZXIGENCE.
A programme of work lor the four days
was adopted and other routine business
was transacted. Dr. Carrie I* Roe of this
city welcomed the convention to Pacific
Grove in an appropriate address and Mrs.
Alice M. Bowman of Corralitos respond
ed on behalf of the delegates. Mra. S. J.
Dorr, the president, read her annual mes
sage. .
Three addresses characterized the work
of the evening session. The first, by Pro
fessor R. I*. Sandwick, principal of the
Pacific Grove High School, was upon the
"Co-operation of Home and School In the
Life of a Child." It dealt with the close
interdependence of the two Influences in
making or marring a child's life and the
reasons why parents should co-operate
with teachers 'n all points for their chil
dren's physical and mental development
Mrs. Annie Little Barry of San Francisco,
recording secretary of the California
Women's Christian Temperance Union,
followed with an address upon the same
subject, treating It from the standpoint of
a parent. Mrs. F. M. Holston of Watson
vifle delivered the third address of the
evening, which was along the same gen
eral line as the preceding ones, its sub
ject being "Scientific Temperance Instruc
tion."
A pleasing feature of the evening: was a"
children's- patriotic rally under the direc
tion of. Miss Ktta B. Lloyd- of Pacific
Grove. About fifty children, dressed en
tirely in white and bearing small Amer
ican flags, went through a number of ef
fective drills and sang patriotic songs.
The evening closed with a reception to the
tri-county officers and delegates, given by
the local Women's Christian Temperance
Union.
Courtesies— Mrs. Kate Hurd, Pacific Grove;
Mrs. Fannie Webber. Santa Cruz; Mr* E. N.
Tenney, Soquel ; Mrs. C. E. Bradley, Salinas.
Credentlal&»-Mrs. Ella S. Pringle, Santa
Cruz: Mrs. L. R. Miller. Skyland.
Resolutions— Mrs. Iowa M. Holaton. Mrs. S.
C. Danks, Mrs. Josephine Hicks. • - — •
Music — Susie C. "Willey of Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, April 3O.-The fif
teenth annual convention of the "Women's
Christian Temperance Union of. Monterey.
San Benito and Santa Cruz counties
opened a four days' • session in Assembly
Hall in this. city to-day, the attendance
being exceptionally large. The conven
tion was called to order by the tri-county
president, Mrs. Sarah J. Dorr of Santa
Cruz, and after a short devotional service
regular work was begun. Committees for
the convention were appointed as follows:
Discuss Temperance
Problems.
CHRISTIAN •WOMEN" OF
THREE COUNTIES MEET
Delegates Gather in Pacific Grove to
BERLIN. ADril 30.— It i» stated by offi
cials here that the main German expedi
tionary force in China is now withdraw
ing to its former position, leaving a gar
rison at the pass at the great wall. The
non-participation of the French In the
battle was not due to orders received from
Paris, but to their failure to arrive in
time. Further expeditions will not be un
dertaken unless the Chinese make it nec
essary. In official circles it 13 believe!
that General Lui acted on his own initia
tive, or perhaps at the suggestion of some
anti-foreign mandarin, the officials not
believing that the Chinese Government om
dered General Lui'to resist the Germans,
since such action is plainly against the
Government's interests.
drawing to. Former Position.
German Expeditionary Pores With-
PARIS, April 3O.-The Foreign Office
has received a dispatch from Mengtse an
nouncing the arrival there of M. Fran
cois, the French Consul, on his return to
his post. M. Francois says that, according
to the demands of the French Govern
ment, he was met by Chinese troops ten
kilometers from* Mengtse, who rendered
honors and high mandarins uroffered the
official apologies and regrets of the Chi
nese Government for the events of last
June. .
The French consular party under M.
Francois was attacked Juno 10 on leaving
Yunnanfu, and was forced to return to
the town. All the baggage was rifled and
the missions and buildinsrs were burned.
M. Francois gathered his countrymen at
his' residence and defended the place with
rifles. The Francois party was allowed to
start for Tonauin June 24 under, the pro
tection of the Viceroy of Yunnan.
— : — - »
GARRISON" T.TVFT AT GREAT WALL
the French Consul.
CHINESE MAKE A31ENDS.
Official Apologies for the Attack on
Dr. Reid Is seeking the man's execu
tion by law, but says he is handicapped
by the American policy. He claims that
the Americans should have declined to
administer the section of Peking if they
were not willing to mete out justice as
determined by the International Commis
sion, on which the Americans have a
representative.
A noted Boxer chief who made hH
headquarters in the American section and
who was guilty of killing or ordering to
be killed nearly fifty persons, including
an associate of the Rev. Gilbert Reid in
the International Institute, has been
transferred to the Chinese Board of Pun
ishment to be dealt with, as General
Chaffee, under orders from Washington,
refused to order a death punishment. It
is feared *hat in this case the Chinese
plenipotentiaries will not order the be
heading of the culprit unless pressed, aa
they are supposed to sympathize with tha
Boxers.x
PEKING, April 30.— Nine robbers, who'.
were caught in the section controlled by
the American troops, were beheaded yes
terday. It was stated that this action
was not taken by order of General Chaf
fee, but was inflicted by the Chine3e
Board of Punishment through instruc
tions received from Li Hung Chang and
Prince Ching. the peace envoys. The ac
tion is generally received with satisfac
tion, although it is said that no credit
is due the United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Clergyman Says the United
States Policy Is a
Handicap.
ROBBERS LOSE
THEIR HEADS
Nine Chinese In Peking's
American Section
Executed.
THOMAS POTTER
AND HIS WOOING
Miss Chapin Tells of Her
; ;¦¦•?".¦ Betrothal to. Late
:> A Capitalist.
Will Drawn in Her Favor Is
;•;).• Signed the Day Before
':<} :':¦ His Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, April 30.— Miss E. M. Cha
pin, the devisee under the will of Thomas
Potter, was the principal witness in the
will contest to-day. Potter died here sud
denly last Thanksgiving day, leaving all
of his property to Miss Chapin, who was
his fiancee. William Potter, an adopted
son, is the contestant, and the property
involved is the. townsite of Seahaven, in
Washington. '
Miss Chapin told of her acquaintance
with Potter. She was introduced by Mr.
Gough, a tourist, and Mr. Potter took her
out frequently on excursions and picnics
to nearby points of interest. He proposed
marriage three or four months after their
first meeting.
; It was on a Sunday night, when they
were returning .from church, that Po*t
ter brought up the subject by saying that
there was a certain woman in San Diego
of whom he thought a great deal and be
would like the assistance of Miss Chapin
in winning her for his wife. Miss Chapin
replied that she could not help him as
long as she did not know who" the woman
was, whereupon Mr. Potter said: "You're
the one." Miss Chapin said it was very
sudden and that she was taken by sur
prise. She did not give an answer then,
stating that she would have to consider
the problem for a few days. She told
him, however, that she had a very high
regard for him. After thinking over the
matter for a week she accepted the pro
posal. At that time he said nothing about
a will, but later he said he would make
a new one and remember her in it. .
The day before he died he handed her
a will which bequeathed practically all of
his property to her. In relating to her
the story of his life' he said there had
been a slight misunderstanding between
his son and himself over the division •of
property owned by the Seahaven Com
pany In .Washington when that concern
went out of existence. The company
owned 700 acres of land at Seahaven. The
son took about 600 acres and Mr. Potter
was given less than 100 acres. The latter
did not believe a fair division was made.
William Potter, the son, claims to have
advanced $20,000 to his father, but does
not know what the father did with it. .
POLICE SWOOP
UPON NIHILISTS
Six Hundred Enemies of
the Czar Are Ar
rested.
BERLIN. April 3O.-The Lokal Anzeiger
prints a dispatch from Breslau which
says:
.. An extensive. Nihilist plot has-been dis
covered in Russian Poland. Six hundred
arrests were made to-day, of which num
ber 200 were transported by special train
to the Warsaw citadel. The towns of
Sosnivico, Sielce and Dombrowa have
been occupied by two companies of Cos
sacks. Secret correspondence was dis
covered at Sielce by which the plot was
revealed. * — \
PARIS, April 30.— A dispatch to Le Solr
says that the plot was discovered in
"Warsaw and that ramifications of the
conspiracy exist among all classes of
Polish societies, and especially among the
workmen. Among the 600 arrests made
since last night, there are several highly
placed personages. L i ••".
Martial law has been declared In the
three towns occupied by the Cossacks.
TURNS HIS HOME
• INTO A FORTRESS
Head of a Smallpox-Infected Family
Dwelling.
Prevent the Burning of His
SEATTLE, April 30.— A curious, state of
affairs has arisen over the resolution of
the County Commissioners to burn a house
that is infected with smallpox: The house
is near Maltby and is inhabited by a lum
berman named Alvin Butler, with a large
family. Five of the family have been suc
cessively stricken with the disease and
placed In a. temporary hospital. ?"-; :.:
Alter the fourth was attacked the Coun
ty Commissioners resolved to burn the
house and prevent further spread of the
contagion. Butler, however, valiantly de
fended his hearth and the men were dis
comfited. No further attempt was made
to destroy the house until the fifth child
was stricken with th» disease. Then a
Deputy Sheriff was sent to see that the
house were burned to the ground. Butler
appeared with a formidable looking shot
gun and the razing of his log cabin was
indefinitely postponed. The deputy was
soon back in Seattle. '
The affair was lost sight of until yester
day, when word came that another young
ster was sufferjng from the smallpox. To
day the County Commissioners determined
to be resolute. They applied to the Prose
cuting Attorney to see how far they might
proceed. Upon his opinion will depend
their next movement.
The house belongs to the Maltby Mill
Company, which employs Butler in the
mill. The company desires that the house
be burned. ¦ but Butler is opposed to that
scheme. He has been discharged from the
mill, but declares he does not care, as he
will have more time to stay at home and
defend his residence.
Memorial Committee Meets.
The Memorial day committee met yes
terday afternoon in the Mayor's office for
the purpose of preparing a fitting cele
bration for the coming 30th of May. It
¦was decided to make a special effort to
have the exercises as impressive as pos
sible. A parade will be held and all the
posts of the G. A. R. will be /invited to
participate with their united strength.
The committee, which is composed of
General - Shafter (chairman), T. C. Mas
tellar (vice chairman) and Frank C.
Drady (secretary) will meet again next
Friday in the Mayor's office to prepare a
programme for the occasion.
..... .. ¦ • . ..;..; , > ¦ . . ¦•¦¦¦ ,:- ¦ .-I.-.- - » • •' .-' ' ' • . .
Quiet Marriage Ceremony- Witnessed by Jthe Immediate Relatives
Only— Happy Couple Leaves Jor Extended Honeymoon lo
.Be Spent Among the Orange Grove^o^S^
MISS GRACE GUMMER WEDS R.E. REID
WHILE BELL'S RING O UT NOON HOUR
11
*ik BtMjijyjftflB hoI U^B WrWt Kn B S3 Bfcflfl II 3S| oEjI WJm tfyii^&W. k" %
ijiS IS THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER KNOWN. \(
*' y ' . One Thousand prominent • physician* hars testified to this fact. Bead -what Pro- J f .
/ V fessor Flcot of Bordeanz, France (Professor of Clinical Medicine at the University) '\$/
jj i -writes: "Hnnj-adl Janos is indisputably the best of laxatives, It Is admirably tol* Cl^
* V ) -Ma ted bj the stomach, it acts without^ giYlng. rise to intestinal irritation, and it, : jff •
j( J". t&eFetorf,'aM«re« it« nniwtail popnUtitr." ' . '. VIA
¦ • ., ; Nature's Remedy for the Curp of w
II CdNSTlPAiPlON, I
i y Disordered Stomach, Biliousness and Liver Complaints. J u
/ \. A CS ~\£. For the FuU Name, " j I .; A D |T I on bottle Is BLUE ¦ .' : \ 'i \
\ f MOI\"HTJNYADI-JAKOS." I wWn KED Centre Panel. ' *\*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY i, 1901.
12
DENTISTS — Con tinned.
dIC^hT^sTt^MAnT nentist. third floor Ex- -
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. I\ Painless
60c. N. Y. Dentists. 369 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless-"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market gt.. corner Sixth. (
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. .G.
YOUNG, 1341 Polk St..
UK ESSM AKEKS 'ASP SEAMSTRESSES
MRS. N. WAHLQUIST, dressmaker from New
York, will open 1st May; dressmaking after
the latest fashion. 509 Kearny st.
'McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class- rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention, l'l Post, o^cr O'Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GaXlAGH^R^MAKSH College, Parrott b!dg.-
Shorthand, typing -and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course.- $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guage? telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
. & night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy etc.; life scholarship. $a0; Individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
j tlons to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, olec.,minlng,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs, only $60. San Fran-
/tlsco Business College. 1236 Market Et.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR. cxp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER ¦ College,' shorthand ami
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils in all branches in
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E, Call office. . -
PROF. MERKI. from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1003 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st.
~ . EMPLOTMEKT j OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co.. 24 ¦ Montgomery
' ave., 'tel. John 1481. will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
' cleaning Co.. he«t help: send men at short
! notice. 1125 Sutter, nr.. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391."
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. : tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlns & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help.426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel: Black 5072
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best heln.' 4UU O'Farrell «t: t»l. Knst 426.
EMPLOYMENT "WASTED— -FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE Scandinavian woman wishes
situation, housework, in small family; good
cooU; no postals. 13 Mess st. t off Howard,
between Sixth and Seventh. '
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general house-
work. Write or call 349 Alvarado St.; near
. Castro. • ¦ ¦ - •
SEAMSTRESS and repairer wishes work by'
the day in families. Apply 901 Post St., cor.
Hyde. •- ¦ . ¦
RELIABLE woman wants laundry work by the
day: can furnish references. Address M. S.,
404 Linden ave^j '
A NICE woman, a good cook, wishes situation
where there is no lady to interfere; references.
530 Goush st. ¦
LADY would like work by the day; plain sew-
ing or chamber work. Address box 4094, Call.
GOOD woman cook wants situation to cook
for working men. Room 8. Ill Geary st
YOUXG woman would like place as cook. Call
at 85G Mission at. , »
¦WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 reom«: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH of lice for Call advertisements and 1
subscriptions has been established at 1W5
Valencia st. ¦ ¦
EMrLOVMEXTJg^AXTgD— MALE. _
POSITION wanted by young man aged 25;
good habits, single, good penman, business
training: can furnish references and bond;
.will po outside city if necessary:, must have ]
work. Address R.. 434 Frcderelck st.
WANTED— A position- as gardener on private ;
place or resid*nc«; many years' experience;
steady and sober man. Please address or call.
1309 Stockton <=t. - • ¦ ¦-. "
STEADY reliable middle-aged man wants sit-
uation on private place; city or country; ac-
customed to horses, cow. lawn. etc. ; moder-
ate wages; good references. Box 4092, Call.
COMPETENT middle-aged ; man wants sltua- 1
tion around a gentleman's residence; good
around horses. , gardening: handy with tools;
will take care of Invalid. Box 4093, Call.
SITUATION wanted as coachman and gar-
dener by willing all-round single man for pri-
vate place: good reference. Box 3042, Call.
YOUNG m*n wants position in grocery deliv-
ery or milk route. Call or address 211% Bart-
lett st. ' , ¦- ,
BRIGHT." respectable young man, 21, living
. home, wishes work. H. R., 939V& Howard st.
COLLECTOR.-' by elderly man; experienced;
city guarantees; salary, or commission; very
moderate. Address box 300S. Call office. . ¦
NURSE with good hospital references; also 3
surgical physicians' references; salary $40 a
month. Address 156 Perry st.; tel. Reed 612.
BOOKKEEPER, expenenctd (German. 35 years
nf age), wants position. . ROETHING, 1214
. Laguna st. . / ¦ •¦¦' . ' "•¦; -¦'.• '- ¦ •- '
WITH good 'references, I want a place as cook
In boarding-house or institution in this city.
' Address YEE LING, 20 Prospect place.' city.
FIRST-CLASS musician wishes position; cor-
net or violin. Address 632 Mission St.. room 17.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has -been established at . 103C
¦ Valencia nt. ' - J - ' ¦ — »•
. FLATS TO LET.
BOWIE ave., 5, off Eleventh— Flat of 3 rooms;
¦ cheap rent .-to ¦ smalP family. ,¦'¦-•'.- . '.¦¦', ¦
FLAT to let.' 6 rooms and bath." ' 2229% Mission
tt.; bet. Eighteenth and ; Nineteenth. ,. •'.'¦¦'.¦ f
4 SUNNY rooms and bath, $12. S00 Hampshire
'gt., corner Twentieth. -¦-..¦..
v FURNITURE £ FOR' SALE. j
,4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $43 50, ": with No. 1
- : range.. King; Furniture Co.V 1127- 1131- Market.
ASSORTMENTS :: of .'¦ furniture,', 'carpets land
, stoves; , give. us a trial. 1114 McAllister st."
BUSINESS CHANCES— Conttwoed.
$269— OIL route, horse, wagon and 300 patent
cans; this is an oil proposition that pays.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30KearBy St.
JlSOft-GPOCERY. fruit and produce store do-
ing * business of $43 -per- day; full value in
sight. aORK. SOLOMON & CO..- 30, Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed: py
HORN, SOLOMON & CO. ' .
$650— GROCERY and delicacy store- doinj? fine
. business: established trade; large profit?; a
' "good chunce to Increase the business. HORN.
SOLOMON & CO,, 30 Kearny st. ,
J5W>— CANDY store a'hd ice Cream parlors, pay-
ing over MW.pcr month profit: fixtures alone
cost wore than price asked: this is a genu-
ine bargain and it wjll pay to investigate".
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$3000— FURNITURE store In best business town
on coast: established 17 years: sacrificed In
order to close estate: expense of investigation
paid by us If not found as represented.
HORN. " SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
WE have two shoe stores for sale at nearly In-
voice price; call and get particulars; it will
pay you. HORN. SOLOMON & CO./ 30
• Kearny ft. ' - - > ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .
WHOLE or half interest in well-stocked paying
drug store on Market St.; rent only $65: good
lease; owner leading city on account of sick-
ness: a bona fide bargain. HORN, SOLOMON
& CO.. 30 Kearny st. ¦ . ¦ '-' ¦
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $1400,
or owner will sell half interest to good busi-
ness man for $S00: will guarantee J1S0 to $300
per month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. ,30
Kearny st. ¦'•'"-'
WHOLESALE liquor store: established 11 years;
doing a business of $40,000 per year; books
open to inspection to reliable parties; terms
If desired: a rare bargain. HORN. SOLO-
MON & CO.. SO Kearny st. -¦
$500— GENERAL merchandise store for sale at
a sacrifice: telephone exchange reduces, rent
to $12. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying bust-
ness call on HORN'. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st. ; tel. Main 1604.
A— KELLY CO., Real Estate and Business
Agents; loans negotiated; our place will
stand investigation: bargains good; tele-
phone r.lack 3917. We have otherB..
KELLY CO.. 131 Montgomery st., room 1.
A— $2230; SALOON; transfer corner; same doing
a fine business: will stand the closest investi-
eratlon. Apply KELLY CO.. 131 Mont'y.. r. 1.
A— $27?; BUTVHER shop: -central; principal
street: receipts $20 to $25. Saturday $65; rent
$20; trial. KELLY CO.. 131 Montgomery, r. 1.
A— $500; SALOON. West. Add.: lunch from 11
- to 2, 15c; bar-grain. Kelly Co.. 131 Mont'y, r. 1.
A— CIGAR business in wholesale district; good
opportunity. Kelly Co.. 131 Montgomery, r. 1.
A— FOR sale; livery stable, 25 horses, 9 buggies,
3 hacks. 16 sets harness, 3 wagons: everything
connected with samerclears $150 per month;
bargain; Investigate. Kelly Co.. 131' Monfy.
A— $350; CIGAR stand in wholesale district; I
; rent only $15. KELLY CO.. 131 Monfy.. r. 1. j
;A — $225; grocery and bar. south of Market st. : J
i living rooms; also includes fixtures: good j
i opportunity. Kelly Co.. 131 Montgomery, r. 1. \
I A^49.',0: SALOON, stock, fixtures; receipts $18
1 to $20 day^ same bear investigation; don't
overlook this. KELLY CO.. 131 Montgomery.
A— $400: grocery and bar; 3 living rooms; rent
$25; good opportunity for man and wife. Par-
tlculars KELLY CO.. 131 Montgomery, r. 1.
A— $300: CIGAR stand, near Market and Third:
full value in sight. For particulars see
! KELLY N CO.. 131 Montgomery st., room 1.
A— SALOON and lodging-house of 9 rooms, in
be?t part of Western Addition: good money-
maker: convincing proof of all statements.
KELLY CO.. 131 Montgonjery St., room 1.
A— ?223: DUCK ranch, close to city; best thing
in this line; good home: must be seen to •
appreciated. KELLY CO.. 31 Montg'y. r. 1.
A — $150; saloon on Mission; worth $250: lease.
For particulars KELLY CO.. 131 Mont'y. r. 1.
SHOE shop, with or withotit tools. 427Vi
Fourth Et. 1
FOR sale — Carpenter shop, with tools and stock,
-at low price. Call after 6 p. m.. at 443 Third.
OLD-ESTABLISHED livery, boarding and salo
stable; 27 horses. 15 boarding horses. 4 hacks.
9 buggies, 3 carts. 3 wagons. 27 sets double
and single harness, blankets, robes, whips,
halters and everything necessary to conduct
th<? business;: income $900 per month: expenses
$600; will inventory $7000; price $5500; owner I
must go to Honolulu. Call 1315 Stockton St., 1
between Broadway and Vallejo.
WANTED— Energetic man with $3500 to buy an I
old reliable patent medicine business, includ-
ing stock, formulas, secrets, etc.. owing de-
parture owner. Pleass call from 4 to 9 p. m..
Mendel' !• Pharmacy, corner Washington and
Broderick Ets. ¦
LADIES or grentlemen of good faith with a
capital of $iO0 or more to wander In foreign
country: a very good paying business for
some party as above described. Box 3003. Call.
FLORIST and decorators: 3 living rooms: good
stand; cheap: owner has important engage-
ment elsewhere. CHAS. WILLMOTT. 916
Market st. '__
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
departure; living rooms compete. i36 Sec-
'ond st.
TO LET — Small barber shop in town of Rich-
mond: no rent. Call on or write to D. W.
ENTRICAN, East Yard, Richmond. Contra
Costa County. Cal.
WELL equipped French hand laundry: ex-
clusive cash patrons : without competition;
good profit: poor health cause o£ sale. Ad-
dress box 2S25. Call office.
FOR sale— Good saloon; cheap; proprietor goei
to Germany. Box 273S. Call office.
$160 — PARTNER wanted: saloon. 640 Commer-
cial st.. second door from Kearny: rent $20.
$300— PARTNER In dyeing, cleaning: good man;
experience not necersary. H21 Point Lobos av.
FOR sale— Branch bakery and nfctlon store. 591
Fourth Bt. : no agents.
LODGI.NG-IIOUSE3 FOR SALE.
SELECT A -HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS' IN THE CI T V
6-room flat on Hateht W50
100 rooms; clears $100 7000
32 rooms; clears $200 2000
16 rooms; on Powell 5',0
26 rooms: on Kearny 1600
14-room boarding-house 1450
21 rooms; offer wanted -. 900
10 rooms; rent. $27 DO , 4 350
£2 rooms; rent $47 450
IS rooms; corner; fine for transient 1000
10 rooms; en Kddy st, near Market f>00
15 rooms; on Third st., near Market...... 550
14 rooms: on 'Mission Bt y 550 j
40 rooms; rent $fiOi^ clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north -of Market: clears $200 SttOO
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2600
20 rooms: on Geary st.; clears $135........ 2400
. 8-room flat: sunny side ........'. — , 700
50T> other houses. 3 to 700 ronms. . " '
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 7M.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. f.th.
A. CAMERON &; CO..
f&0 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you nave hotel, rooming-house or butiri'ss
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all siz*s and prices. .
63 rooms; downtown; piodettl apartment /
house: clears i30O per mopth; flrst-cia**
lnvesLr>:m , >5W
34 rooms: rent $130: elegantly furnished;
paying. hcuse: good perm, and trans , t«i53
15 rooms: choice resident part city;-elf-
gantly furnished: upright piano; modem
Vi cashfreduced to w. ,. 10.V.
26 rooms; cor. ; rent $100: apartment house.. 1650
8 rooms: modern flat: Geary ", 45}
10 rooms; rent $50; good and clean S.V)
15 rooms; all new; oak fur. : full 1500
14 rooms: rent 50: good furniture : flOO
11 rooms; rent $40; piano; sewing machine. S-Vi
16 rooms; rent $50; hardwood furniture..'.... *000
12 rooms; cor.; boarding-house :2(-0
MARION GRIFFIN By Call Building
719 Market st. : money to loan; Tel. Black 1803.
10 rooms; rent $33: clears $33 each month. $b25
11 rooms; nice fur. : fine carpets: 6 rooms •
rented for $S0; 4 blks. N. of Market st. ;
terms M rash. '/~ in mthly installments. 850
40 rooms: clean; best furnished in city;
income $395 monthly: strictly respectable 4500
100 rooms; modern; offices; clears $350 650!)
17 rooms: clearing $70; Installments; bargain.
24 rooms: electric light in every room.... 1000
21 rooms: a flrst-class transient house.... 1600
16 rooms; housekeeping; rent $50; full.... 1000
27 rooms: clears $150: rich and elegant.... 2600
10 rooms: N. Mkt.: sunny side; $200, bal.
monthly payments: rent $40; income $80 . 450
36 rootrs; central: corner: a money coiner 1SC0
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market St., "~
Over Wonder Millinery . Store.
9 rooms; rent $30; only $150
18 rooms; rent $50; a snap... 1100
35 rooms: see it and make offer. *
25 rooms; fine corner: only 2700
8 rooms: downtown flat 200
(500 other houses to select from).
~~~~ ATTENTION BUYERS'
You may buy any rooming-house in
the city, ami pay ; for it,
in monthly payments
from the profits
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st.
38 rooms: Powell $2100
42 rooms; Turk 3000
21 rooms: Third................ '. ; 275
18 rooms: Fifth: good piano. included .. 1000
. Many others, north and. south of Market. st.
2S ROOMS; Mission st.;. rent. $60: price $723.
12 rooms; Mason st. : rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard: rent $S0; price $1000. '
'. 19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price'$1500.
13 rooms on Eddy; rent ?5S:.oPice. $650.
1 ¦ EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S Sixth st./.
FISHER & CO.. 9S5 Market St.. opp. Mason.
1 4Srooms; north of Market: only.... '......$1600
Ifi rooms; Mlyde:, very. finely furnished.... 600
20 rooms: rent $50: location desirable.... 900
. If a bargain ¦ we have them ¦ at . any . price.' •
feMWBSB5iMfe'^W4'T3^s*£4S^*S^53-g?tttS^ ; »^K^K
HORSES A~P WAGO5S.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 S.xth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
¦ S DLLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY Collegts will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoaat. sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons In good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission at.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
ANA No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
.-^-^-^.^.-^ HOgSES/ro LET.
A^RINTED^ LTsTISouseTtoTet "; send "f orcl>
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PERRY, 206, near Fourth— House of 4 rooms-
rent $7 50; water free. Apply G. H. UMBSEN*'
14 Montgomery «t.
$12— HOUSE of 1 rooms: large yard. 1513
Leavenworth st.. near Jackson.
*43— S ROOMS and large finished basement and
large yard. 1615 Bush st.. near Franklin.
LOST AND FOOD.
LOST— Diamond sunburst pin. Finder will be
liberally rewarded by returning same to W
L. B. MILLS, room 504. 330 Market su
LOST— Sunday evening on Mission st., between
Tenth and Twelfth, lady's silk umbrella
1096 Valencia St.; reward.
PARTIES taking: music Sunday. Devlsadero-sr
car, return and avoid trouble. P. T THOMS
809 Polk at.
LOST— Between Harrison and Bryant, a bunch
• of keys. Please leave at 443 Third st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of KATIE E*. DOON. No. 201-1223. Tha
finder will please return to bank.
"Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing O "Volte
Jeweler. 248 O'FarrHl. bet. Powell and Mason!
INSJPA^fTA^OJJS^WATER HEATER.
HOT bath any minute for 2%c; will flow"boiiini
water In 30 seconds: saves flre in range; call
and see it In operation; send for illustrated
pamphlet RIBBON WATER HEATING CO
Examiner building, room 607.
MATKIMOSUl.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HEP.TZ. 706 Ellis gt.
MATTRESSES ABED IPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and pillows; teK South 732;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned: expert carpet cleaning: strictly reli-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL. ~
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male comDlaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinato
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no 'other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Markt.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give
instant relief for all female complaints: th»
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay: consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market St.. next to Owl Drug: Store.
A— Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female spe-
cialist, cures all female complaints in on*
day: the longest and most obstinate cas."3
relieved without pain; every woman her own
physician: can be sent; experience in all
cases for 37 years. 12 Mason st., near Market.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. ITS Market, ladies*
specialists, ZZ rears' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive euro
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market St.. nr.
' . «th — Expert specialists: well known and reli-
able: 25 yrs. experience: treatment guaranteed,
to give Instant relief from all female troubles:
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 28 yrs.'
' successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles* specialist; bast medical care; low fee*.
MIXES ASP MIXING.
MONTEZUMA COPPEIU
Montezuma Copper.
Montezuma Copper,
Montezuma Coal.
. - Montezuma Coat.
llonteiuma Coal.
When tired of experimenting In other lines
or investment, do yourself a kindness by in-
vestigating the merits of the Montezuma Mln^
Ing Company. "With its 24 copper mines and
2000 acres of coal land, with ample timber and
water, its proximity to the seaboard, and
other advantages, which are fully set forth
in the prospectus, the Montezuma offers op-
portunity for money making that stands un-
equaled on this Coast to-day. In our adver-
tising of these great properties, and In pros-
pectus and reports as ¦well, only the simple
unvarnished truth has been told. Examina-
tion of the properties will prove that we could, I
with safety, have made much stronger state-
ments. We offer to investors the privilege of
examining these properties at our expense.
Our special train will leave San Francisco for
the mines in Washington June 13 next. Any- I
body may go, whether he be stockholder or
not. Our excursion folder tells all about the
trip. Tee prospectus tells something about th*»
mines. Both may be had on application.
For the purpose of hastening development
during the summer, the price of the stock will
until May 5 be kept at the present low prlca
of 10c a share cash or 12c? on monthly install-
ments. "We invite correspondence with pros-
pective investors, big and little.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. .
Financial Agents. 310 Safe Deposit build-
ing, corner California and Montgomery sts.. I
San Francisco. Cal. Telephone Main 5S03. •
MISCEIiLAjVEOUS — FOR SALE. , .
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc"I
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont 8t.
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, nnr and
second-hand: we always have a large stock o*
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
rines. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $350:
cost originally J1000. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant ave.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and Georsre Van Haltren: 30c post-
pald. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.. SV F.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.,- near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403' California!
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE!
616 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving nie-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post ft.
A FIRST-CLASS square piano for $30 rrv-
CLE HARIWS. 15 Grant ave. -
LOTS of houses and lumber at Anthony and
Mission sts.. and firewood. Apply 64 Silver.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. C<y.
G ?Ha 0 ! 11 ! " n 1 mlnln * machinery bought
and sold. Livingston, S5S Mission st., nr. 2d.
E ? G BuI KE . n i3 a X < a 7e : st COnd - hand winery.
dI>tm fte entfnw. new & 2d-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
P Kht GI soid HIC * and ****> lante ™ s°°«'
bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery st.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
WALTZ SAFE. 109-m Market st.. San Fran.
m * sct;l la\eoits wants.
T lh7a°rical a e^ 0O 1-f e^ d::h «n <1 clothSniSS
tceatrtcal goods. Ui Ninth; tel. FoUom 2522.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
SELECT^Yolj^iibluS^^ROliirTHE LARG-
. . EST LIST IN TOWN.
9 rooms; elegantly furnished; cheap rent.. ?300
IS rooms; very desirable; large yard 475
25 rooms; Van Ness ave.; something extra 35f>0
54 rooms; sunny cor.; worth double. 2500
76 rooms; fine location; big money-maker 5000
102 rooms; biggest money-maker in city.. 5750
14S rooms; particulars given bus. people. 25,000
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
Bee our specail bargain list before buying.
| ¦ WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1SS2; I loan money to
buyers: general satisfaction guaranteed. Cali,
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2. No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
'. 35 ROOMS; rent $80; receipts about $200.... $850
i .10 rooms; rent $50; clears $35 per month... 8o0
| J300— Lodging-house, 14 rooms; very cheap
' rent: water free: pays good Droll t. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st. •
16 ROOMS; transient: No. 1 -furniture; central;
| cheap $700. DONNELLY CO., opp. Palace
i Hotel, 632 Market st.
! 34 ROOMS; south side;' clears $100; SSOO. DON-
j NELLY CO.. opp. Palace Hotel, 632 Market.
| FOR sale— The furniture of a 7-room lodging-
house; good location. 1315 Stockton st.
SPIRITUALISM. ~*~
IS life a* burden to you? Why are you so.
Take time to find out why you are bo and
what your conditions and surroundings are.
Tests this ovenins at 8 o'clock by C. E.
"Wheeler and every evening this' week, i 305
Larkin, cor. McAllister; elevator; admls. 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY- /
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Kills-,
et. car; sit., SI; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.t
AFTER a severe illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs In life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty: cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve. ; letters answered.
Resid. (no signs). 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkln.
MRS. IXDUISE S. DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
St.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
i SPIRITUAL meeting every night except Sun-
day-Monday. MRS. MAXWELL, 123S How-
ard st.; convincing test. •
MME. MARQUISE— Business, fest medium;
I spiritual healer; sittings dally. 1126 Howard.
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed questions
and flowers, 8 p. m., 10c. SOS Larkin st.
ATTEND Mine. Marquise's test circle to-?i!ght,
S; 10c: messages, tests to all. 1126 Howard.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone. Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues.,Thurs. & Sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; tests to all to-night: 10c.
"~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMeTmT BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to over-
come them. Valuable advice in all affairs of
life; 25c up} perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. V. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently lecated at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 2C; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send !»tamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. /
MMK. VALEEN, removed to 1027% Market St.,
palmift and life reader, psychic and mag-
netic hfaler: cures diseases and. habits;
teaches how to influence people' and be suc-
cessful In love and financial affairs.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c.
cents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50.' 126 Turk.
•MME. WORELL, trance medium;' readings
daily. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; clr. Wed. ev'gat 8,
19 Hickory ave., off Van Noss, nr. Market st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Kypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. in.
MME. LAROSE. best; clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st..cor.6th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth:German spoken;tel. Howard 1S4C.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy: \ palmist: card
reader: 25c up: leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
j MME. BCHAWBR, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SVA Jessie st-. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
23c. eenls BOc. 132 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to RPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Work*. ¦ 353-357 T?hama st.; tel. South 40,,
RUDOLPH ft CO.. carpet cleaning works; rea-.
sonable: guaranteed. 1,703 Harrison, tel. 2351. I
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister St.: phone South 146.
CITY. Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-4O Sth st. : tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beat(ng and Reno^,
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 4(12 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.: telephone Jessie 314.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Ben ting Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS. , ' • . ~~
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
.blalns: palnles^ cure.- Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORG^wT^CETL^?^^ge»c^^o^cTiargTun^
less successful. Room 310. !>27- Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIc7io3~Slar^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m: to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M.: P..- Manager.
EIGHT prizes .for best crowns, plates," bridges
and fillings; extraction* or fillings by,, my
wonderful secret, pu'r.less method; . 20 years'
experience; . no . students; advice, free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEOROE.W. LEEK. 20 OFarrel'. at; .
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the ' Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, : $3 50: fillings.
BOc; plates, $5: full t-et; all work painless and.
warranted. " Chicago -Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1HH Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when ' plates , are
made: old plates -made over like new; teeth
from $8 per,set:extrectlng,; SOc; gas given..:'
EXPERT dentist In ¦¦ortler.to -build up aprac-
tice;wlll fill-teeth,- make. plates, gold crowns
," and bridge work atf bedrock prices; payments.
. Ofnce 1141 Polk, st.'. wr.. Sutter; open Sundays;
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, . cor. 4 Bush
—"FulUset of teeth,", $.4; crowns, \ $3; r fillings, -25c.
CURRY, "Dentist" ;,a!l" work guaranteed. 214
McAllister st. ; pfione ; Mint'. 276. '. .¦ ;. ' -.. " ¦ -., Vi*i-:
DR. R. L. WALSH,S15"i Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
.' less, extraction. 50c ;platc£ $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
. Furniture wanted.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
i-«tc..*see W.E.Cody, 767 Mission; tal. Red 3353.
ART goods and fine furniture bought.. Indiana
: Auction" Co., 117 Sutter St.; tel. James 14L
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 2? Kearny. bviya &
sells your bus.,merchandlse t fuT.,earp£ts., etc.
IF you want to sell turn., radge., fte., see J. A,
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st.; tef. Jaroes 1341.
A.WOLLPERT. 773 Mission s\.. pays highest
j| price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— LI Vincent.1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 634;
.¦furniture &.furn'd, nouses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your . furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP ..WANTED FEMALK.
AT O. It. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 185
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
8 extra waitresses, $1 50 day and free fare
both ways. I
C. K. HANSEN & CO.. ....104 Geary st.
20 WAITRESSES, restaurants $30-$K
20 waitresses, hotels, commercial & resort.. $20
•Cook, hotel, city • WO
Cookn, country hotels .....' $30
Fancy ironcrs .* *40
Waitress and chm. to wait, summer resort.$20
¦ * FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
. -Housekeeper for a priest ¦•¦;•';?
10 house girls, country, fare here ? lo "?£?
. 25 house girls,, all over the city --* 10 -*:?
Man and wife as coachman and laundress.$4j
Cook and second girl, country .......$5a
C. R.' HANSEN & CO 104 Geary at.
A HEiAD waitress and waitress, summer re-
sort; also chambermaid to wait; 6ee parties
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MRS. M. E DAY & CO Phone Main 1575.
...HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...
6 waitresses, first-class city hotels; 14 wait-
resses, commercial and resort hotels. $20 and
$25; Z restaurant waitresses, $7 and $S; 4
chambermaids to ' wait, $20; chambermaid
rooming house, $20, sleep home.
FAMILY ' DEPARTMENT
Second girl. -$SQ; chambermaid and seam-
stress, $20; S coolts and house girls,- $20 and
$25; many house girls, city and. country, $30
< and $25; many young glrjs to assist, $15.
MRS. M.'.E. DAY & CO.. 3S5 Geary st.
A NEAT young sales lady for candy store;
short hours $4 to $5 a- week to begin: choice
place; no experience necessary. MRS. il.
E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary Bt.
WANTED— Prostestant cook, no Washing, $25,
• for Menlo Park; 6 cooks, German and Ameri-
can style, plain wash, $30; laundress, $25>» 5
second girls for city and country, $20, $25;
waitress, city and country hotel. $20, $25;
German nurse,. one child, $23; cook, country
resort, $35; second girl for San 'Rafael, $25;
second girl for San Jose. $25. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT, & CO.. 31S Sutter st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on sewing
and knitting machines and a few appren-
tices; also hand sewers and crocheters.
Apply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412
* Polk st. . ¦
WANTED— Twenty-five young girls residing at
home to learn overall making; paid while
learning. 'Standard Shirt Factory, Gough
and Grove sts., city. -
WANTED — Two experienced lady solicitors to !
travel in California: no books or. insurance:
call on business men only; good salary and
expenses. Room 81, Columbian building.
SHIRT and overall operators; Inexperienced;
paid while learning. HEXNEMANN & CO..
410 Mission. at. .''... .
WANTED— Girl from 14 to 16 years to take care
of child; good, home In Oakland; reference.
Apply to-day, 616 Jonfes st.
WANTED— A girl ¦ to take care of two chil-
dren and assist; call at 3953 25th St., near
Church.
WANTED— Experienced chocolate dippers at
800 Howard st. ¦ ' ' '
EXPERT shirtwaist maker; wages no ob-
ject. .Apply M. KRAKER, 224 Bush st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
WANTED — A srood cook, etc. : general house-
work; no washing; 520. 97 Silver st. -
WANTED— A cook at 35 Market st. j
"WANTED — Good dressmaker and apprentice. '
764 Howard st.
WANTED— An arm waitress; $3 per w«ek. 70
Third Bt., Breuss cafe and bakery. ' !
TAILORESS on custom coats; also experienced
apprentices. 272 Stevenson st, bet, 3d and 4th.
WOMAN to wash napkins and wait at table.
612 Kearny st. • . J -;-":~-.-'.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening.
WANTED — Finishers on vests. Apply at room
90, 8 Eddy St. ' ' ¦
WANTED— Competent woman to wait at table;
reference. Apply The Lake, 26S Turk st.
6 .WAITER girls; first and second cook; i dlsh-
washer. 112 Fourth st.
GIRL; housework; no cooking. Apply fore-
noon, 2C43 Bryant st.,' near Twenty-fifth,
NEAT young girl, assist in care of four-year-
old child; 810; 2217 Octavla. cor. Jackson.
WANTED— Girl for general housework;
plain cooking; $20; 1314 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on custom
coats. 4fil Jessie st. -
LUNCH waitresses. 511-513 Brannan St., near
Fourth: call early.
FIRST-CLASS skirtmaker wanted; high
¦• wages. P. VERDIER, 934 Geary st.
WAITRESSES wanted. 20 Third st.
GOOD hands on vests, from JS to 812; also an
apprentice. 641V4 Stevenson st.
GIRL for housework; small family adults;
reasonable wages; good home. £516 Pine st.
GIRL or woman for housework and care for
woman and child. 2520 Mission st.
WAITRESS wanted at 315 Bush Bt.
WANTED-*-Fancy starch ironer. Lick Laun-
dry, 9 Lick place. ¦ ¦-
SALESLADY for bakery; must wait at table.
1410 Polk St., near Pine.
GIRL to repair gents' clothing. Cal. Clothing
Ranovatory, 116 Geary st;
WANTED— Experienced girls for tailoring
! work at 131 Russ st. ; good wages.
"WANTED — Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 927 Market St., room 823.
WANTED— Front hands on neglige shirts;
steady work: gpod prices. LOWENBER.O &
CO., 27 Jessie st.. fifth floor. ¦"¦ ¦ -. -
OPERATOR on pant.*; must be first-class;
steady work; high wages. BELAfSCO-HAR-
RIS CO., 541 Market tt. , '
BUTTONHOLE maker, finishers and appren-
tices on 'custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
- RIS CO.. 541 Market st. ¦
HAIRDRESSING taught In 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdresshiff . College, 674 Geary.
MILLINERY taught in 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College. 574 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 buttonhole' makers on coats;
wages $12 per week. 135% Natoma st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tor?. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established' at 109S
Valencia : st. ¦ ¦ ~ • ¦ - .
HELP WANTED— 31 ALE.
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO'S.. ......104 Geary st.
,.;..... RAILROAD WORK
..-..'...' Wanted To-day .......... ....
For. Cal. and N. W. R. R.. Uklah
! 30 teamsters and 30 laborers .$2
Free Fare •• .' — Free Fare
For the big tunnel. Chatsworth Park.... .".
v Header. $2 50; corner man, $2 60; drillers, $2 20
' Muckers, $2.... outside laborers, $175
No discount'.. — pay in cash
Free Fare I....... ...... ....Ship to-night
20 laborers, railroad work ..$173
Free Fare Ship to-day
Buttermaker. $55; blacksmiths. '$2 50 and $3:
10 farmers, $25 and $28; 6 milkers, $30; man
, and. wife, private place. $45: gardener and
indoor man. $50: canwasher. $25........:
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
. 100 .cooks, bakers, ' waiters, assistant waiters,
I omnibuses, 1 pantrymen, dishwashers, kitchen
; hands, potwashers and others. ¦-... •-
- /.Night clerk for first-class hotel, young man
preferred;' fry cook, $63; hotel butcher, $75:
baker and pastry cook, springs, $50; cake
baker, north, $60; head waiter, , country hotel,
$50 and fare advanced; waiter and wife, coun-
try hotel. $45; waiter for springs. $25 and fare
advanced; lunch counter man, R. R. eating.-
'¦; house. $25 and free' fare; colored -waiter, coun-
' ¦ try ¦ hotel, ! $35. •
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...104 Geary st.
AT Cal. Erap. Agency, 59 3d, phone John 3131. —
Attention. . railroad ; laborers
10 men for railroad work..... .. M.Ship to-<*ay
Free Fare .."...Free Fare..... Free Fare
I We ship railroad laborers. to-day .....'.........
';' 5 farm hands...'.. ....5 laborers,' $2 per day
4 milkers .......:.... ........::...$38per month
10 men for sawmill..:.: ....steady, work
.Big Wages .... Free Fare
¦ 10 men for' lumber woods. $33 to $45 per month
- Head linesman : for - lumfer • woods to take
charge of • logging crew.f $60 per month and
¦ board '..'.:. "..'. ...'......'
• ; 5 men to make ties..... .......'..Free Fare
4 men to' cut wood, pine, 4 ft..- SI 25 per cord.
JOURNEYMEN ; Barbers International Union-
Free employment; only recognized ; union. , 327
Market 'St..- room". 207;' tel. Folsom '15&S. -I.'
I.ES3, Secretary. . 3£jK%£3!gUKgp!
* &gri.S.COHBW t *k)
; . aEWING MACKim AND SEWING MACHINES- -SUPPLItS^ '
¦' ¦ : ¦";[ . : .\ "'•"'. J46 SIXTH STREET
; : ; : ¦ ; ¦ I '%%^^^ •
HELP WAJTTEP — MALE— ConT _
A— MURRAY & READY. : . . .Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
FREe'fARE *.....'. FREE* FARE
.....WE SHIP TO-DAY,..". ••
23 laborers for S. P. R. R- Co.'s own work,
no experience required, to work* In section,
steel, ballasting and other gangs on the Los
Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions.........
WAGES $173 and 2 day ..FREE FARE
10 laborers and teamsters for Ukiah. free fare.
5 machine miners $75 and found, fare paid
10 laborers, no experience required, to work
in mills, yards and woods ••
$28 and up, fare paid
4 timber fellers **9
.4 crosscut sawyers • *j~
10 v laborers for the mines -.*30 and $34
5 single-hand miners ". ;^"*
Blacksmith, country shop ?» « a y
10 blacksmiths and helpers.. j ••
$2 5u and $40 and found
2 ship carpenters 2 carriage painters
23 men to work In hay fields, run mowing
machines, etc ....$26, $30 and $3o
15 milkers, different dairies. .$30. $35 and $3* oO
10 choremen and boys $25 and $20
Slaughter-house butcher, ranch
57 cooks', city and country. $40. $50 and $60: 33
waiters, city and country. $25. $30 and $35,
$10 and $11 .week; bakers, bakers' helpers.
porter, dishwashers, kitchen help, etc
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
4 SINGLE-HAND miners. $2 day and board;
carmen for mine, $2 day;- 5 laborers for coun-
try, 20 cents; an hour; young- man' for produce
store, $1 day; boy to learn painter's trade, $5
week; 4 carpenters, $3 50 day; wagonmaker;
blacksmiths and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BARKEEPER, $50; cook, country hotel, $50;
broiler, $60; waiters for city and country, $10
week and $25 and $30 month; dishwashers,
potwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento at. '
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
marrled men between ages of 21 and 33; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
. service In Philippines. For information apply
• to Recruiting Officer, J2J New Montgomery
• . eL, San Francisco. Cal.
;WANTEP at the Restaurant Keepers' Asacei-
; atlon headquarters of San Francisco, 127
! Mason st,— Restaurant help of all kinds, in-
; eluding men and women; regi$ter immediate-
ly for permanent positions at rood pay.
"WANTED— Cook. $75 a month or S3 a day;
; waiters, $45 a month' of $2 a. day; dishwashers,
I $35 a month of $1 50 a day; at coffee house, IS
; Eddy st. •¦ ; " -
DRY finisher at the San Jose "Woolen Mills.
San Jose, Cal.; one who thoroughly under-
I stands finishing cassimeras and worsteds.
ASSISTANT stenographer; good speed on
Smith Premier; salary $20; hours 8 to S.
Address box 4035. Call office. - -.V- .;
WANTED — Young man for office work;. must
write shorthand: state ace and experience.
Box 3041, Call office.
TWO good collectors and canvassers for weekly
: industrial insurance; chance for advancement.
Apply E. C. LITTLE, 405 Montgomery st.
"WANTED— Lady and gentleman solicitors on
commission; can make 5-t to }¦' a day. Of flee
555 California st.. room 5.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD it CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst (Examiner) building. Third and
Market streets, room 316. -
PAINTER: good all-round, man. Box 3029,
Call office.
WANTED — Good dishwasher. $30 per month.
Old Louvre, Phelan building.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor wanted; hish
wages, P. VERDIER. 984 Geary st. I
WANTED— An a.ll-round cook- 2» Fourth
street.
BOY for office. Apply 435 Battery street at
8:30. , . ¦
UNION barber wanted. 5S1 Geary st.
BARBER— $6 a week and found; call to-day
before noon, $41 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
BARBER— First class. Wednesday,- Saturday
and Sunday and next week; $20. 2003 Flllmore,
PAINTERS wanted; good job. Call at i»Ji
Sixteenth *t.. near Howard.
WANTED— Two carriage painters. Apply B.
GRAVE CO.. 421 Pacific «t. .
1 WANTED — Porter who understands waiting
at table. 133 O'Farrell st.
¦WANTED— Dishwasher; $.15 per month. J.
COLE, 1C2 First st.
COMPETENT person to make ready and feed
cylinder and platten presses. Box 3044. Call.
STEADy job for all-round Job compositor; state
wages. Box 3643, Call.
WANTED — Plshwasher at 17 Washtoirton st.
STEADY man with $175 cash can make $S0 a
month. Apply at 209 Kearny st., room I.
WAITERS wanted. 20 Third St.
GOOD cook wanted for small sailor's board-
ing: house. 322 Main Et.
WAITERS wanted at 313 Bush st.
WANTED-Good chief cook. Apply Central
Hotel, S30 Thjrd st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1426 Turk st.
WANTED — Coatmakers. 5G4 Geary st.
20; MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st.
RELIABLE young man for grocery and bar;
must have some experience. 700 Polk st.
STANFORD Hand Laundry. Palo Alto, wants
. first-class ironer; T/ayes $30 and found.
"WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.; 300 Post St.
WANTED— First-class advertising solicitor;
¦ big pay to right party; references required-
Address box 3010, Call office. ,
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission Et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Recruits for th« marine corps. TJ.
S. Navy; Able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35:
not less than » feet 4 Inches and not over 6
feet 1 inch, able to read and speak English.
For further information apply at the Recruit-
Ing Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
MENr-Our catalogue explains . how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. "We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion" with our college: ' chairs and furniture
are alt made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker:
steady employment to right party and flrst-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, stilt
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
1 WANTED— First-cl<*H3 cook for hotel: refer-
ences required. C. E. EMERSON, Susan-
vllle. Cal.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.
A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and -stenographer;
must be - familiars with general office work;
wages $30 a month: state experience and ref-
erences. . Address E. B. WATSON. San Jose.
WAITED— Sober, reliable young man with
• $125 cash: no experience required; pay about
$35 month. Quick Service Restaurant, 49$
Fourth st. . ¦ «¦
BARBERS — 4-chalr shop for sale on account of
sickness of owner; price $150. .153 Fourth st.
YOUNG man for grocery. Apply B. K.
TRUEKEN. Golden Gate, Oakland. < :.'.
WANTED— Good clothing salesman. 1219
Broadway, room 53, Oakland.
PRESSERS at the California Clothing Renova-
tory. 116 Geary st. __^
GOOD ladles' tailor: no other. McCLENEGAN.
632 Fourteenth St.," Oakland.
PANTS taressman wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. ""«Pply at factor}'. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary- st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter at.
WANTED»-100 men t to take rooms. 10c. 15c svnd
20<:. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
GET your- shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
. hand shoes for sale. SOc up. 24t Third st. .
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order, r NEITHAUS & CO.. US Kearny at.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition,
S. F. Barter School. , 741A " Howard st. ¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third. St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bu? and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions, has been established at 109S Va-
¦ lencla'st.- -;\ ,•.¦¦- ¦ • -s ..-.¦¦/ '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
• 16 pages, in. wrapper, tos mailing. $1 per year.
SAA' FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS 'OFFICE of The Saa
Call, corner of Market and Third Street-, op«fl
until 12 o'clock every night in the year. • _.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery tWtU
corner Clay; open until 9:58 p. tn. : . :¦ . :
100 Hayes street; open until *;S0 p, tn. .;• ...
633 McAllister street; CP«» until 9;«9 P. Tn.
€J5 Lnrkln street: open until *:30 p. m.
1P41 Mission street: opeu ufjtfl tt p. «.. _
261 Market street, corner Sixteenth. ; PP* B
until 9 p. m. • '".."• .:.-" " •
jr* Eleventh street; open until I p. TO* . . :
1096 Valencia street: open untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: op**" until 9 p. "»•__ _^^
~ MKETI^Jl? T iSH£i---~— ----
'., . T Trni?M A Council No. 2, R. and ¦
' C S LI M° win me"? THIS' (WEDSES-
DAY) EVENING. May latSo clock JL^
lor business end degrees. By order of /V^
the T. 1. *[. RANKUN - H . day. Recorder.
I MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F and «
ING at S Q-gg^goucH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 130 F. and A. Jl
M.— Stated meeting and d. 3d. 1H1S
rVENINO May 1. at 7 o clock. By J^X
order of the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE. /V^
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. J66. F. and A. B
M —Stated mooting THIS <\VEDNEc-^r»
'. DATi , EVENING. May 1. at T:30 7RJT
o'clock, o. r. westphall. xr.is.'Tr*
MISSION Lodge No. J6», F, & A. M\— ft j
Officers and members *r« hereby no-^%^
tififd to attend tije funeral of our jl>\
<Je<-eascd brother. John Krannhi Ens- •
lish. from the h*U "f «his lodge TO-DAT
(¦WEDNESDAY) at 1:20 o'clock p. m. By or-
der of the W. W> R. E. ALLAN, secretary.
YERBA BCJENA Loflge No. 15. I. v^^Jgfcfe.
O. O. .V. — ofSi-T* aiid members.
vou «re rwjuefted to attend a
meeting THURSDAY EVENING. -3 f //U'S-
" May- 2, 1901. Initiation..
,' JOHN A. OHLSON. Jf. G.
W. V. HUMPHREYS, Secretary.
COURT OCCIDENTAL Xo. 6$76, A. O. «Ly?»
. F.— Officers ati<J members' are re-
questei to 1 attend the funeral of our jt\
late brother, DR. J, BOUSHEY. 011
THURSDAY. May 2, at 2 p. m., from the
undertaking parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2S66
Missies st. Interment Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
¦ by • etecti ic funeral oar. •
GEO. MACMARTIX. C. R.
AX important meeting of the j
¦ Kntebtp of the Red Branch will X
: be held THIS (WEDNESDAY* X
• BVCKING, at K. R. B. hall. 1133 . *\J/ A
• ' Misrion st. to complete arrange- Jiu fBi
''¦' . nifHts for their annual oxcur-
; - -; fion and picnic at Shell Mound fsfrttf-'
Park on Sunday. May T>. All
; rub committees, particularly the committee
appointed to receive Major JOHN McBRIDE
of the Transvaal Irish brigade arc hereby
notified to attend. By order
' COMMITTEE ON ARRANGEMENTS. I
THTBD meetinr of Boiler Sealers' Union will
be held at 1113 Mission St.. WEDNESDAY,
May S. S p. m. M. DERBY. President.
G. HAMILTON, Corresponding Secretary. :
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
infr of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of tho company. 327 Market st.. San
Francisco. Oal. on Tl'ESDAY, the 14th day
of May. 1SC1. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the enduing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Friday, May 3. 1901, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGESTS WASTED.
AGENTS— If you wish to make big money,
write us; every house and store in the U. S.
needs one or more of our RaDid "Window
Washers; the greatest seller on the market:
demand tremendous. Address The Rapid
"Window Washer Co.. 301. American Trust
building, Cleveland. Ohio.
A FIRST-CLASS agent in each city and county
to handle an automatic window cleaner, "ju*t
patented." which supplies water, washes and
<!rif» the -window: a quick seller and good
profits; small capital required: exclusive ter-
ritory assigned; call at 413 Kearny st. and
fee: Vample by mail $1 25.. B. S. HARRIS.
WANTED— A local ag-nt in each township to
tell our up-to-date publications : good re-
muneration for first-class people. Address
gTEPHEN'SON, box 114. Sacramento. Cal.
LADY agents— Best falling article ever intro-
duced: sells at sight: jrood profit; no risk;
9 to 12 a. m. The Novelty. G01 Post st.
A FEW mere agents wanted at 547 Third st.
ASPaunm roofi>g.
• J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
' paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
~ ADOPTION.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and cirl ba- j
bies. MRS. DR. FUNK.E. 1416 8th, Alameda. I
ATTORNEY S AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
i FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room ZZ, 137 Montgomery St., S. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket tt.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
UOAH IJI.\G FOIl CHILDRE.V.
GOOD home for I children: furnished room for
parent. 246 Clementina st.
WANTED-CMldren to board; near schqpl. 1412
Sherman St.. Alameda.
«iKRMAN lady wishes one or two children to
beard. 433 Minna st.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
br.ard: vard: best cf care. 1507 California st.
BCSIKKS3 CIIASCES.
JToO— SALOON; rent $50; location.' Pine ".'"and
Montgomery sts.; business clearing- alove." S1S0
' .. per month. Particulars R. : G, WILKE, 26^ 2
Kearny st. •. . ' •
A— SHOO; RESTAURANT, with 7 rooms and
bath: very choicest business location; rent $33;
investigate and make an offer; a rare and
good chance. Call R. <1, WnJCE, 26^ Kearny.
A— J1000; SALOON *"itb 9 rooms, surrounded by
factories, warehouses and lumber yards; large
transient trade; rent J4Q. Call Jt- G. WILKE.
2f>*£ Kearny et. • . '.•'.".
A— J300f; GROCERY fitore (without bar> doin*
a large and profitable cash business; choicest
location in city. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
2S\i Kearny st.
A— $2000: BOARDING and livery stabW. West-
cm Addition; net rent $4S; clearing above $159
per month; large patronage; stock of bap-
pies, horses and harnest first class. Call R.
<>. "WILKE. 26ij Kearny Et.
A— $400: BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
rent $1S; living rooms; location can't be beat;
good business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'^ Kear-
ny st.
A— $7S0: STATIONERY, variety store; cigars
end icecream: stock invoices $1000: must be
Fold at once; owner engaged otherwise. Call
R. G. "WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— J13S0; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny Ft.; rent $75; clearing $1SO per month;
daily receipts about $60. Call R. G. "SV1LKE,
TS'i Kearny st.
A-J2000; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining
hall, etc.: rent $75: place established many
years; doing a steady, good-paying business;
rare chance for party speaking French and
German. R. G. "VVILKE. 26^4 Kearny et.
A— $4000; SALOON on Market Bt. ; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $125; sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice: a mint.' -Call R. G.
XVI LICE. 26^ Kearny gt. - -
A— $2CC0; PARTNER wanted In old established
flower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc.;
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all descriptions; established many years and
doing a money-making business. Particulsig
R. G. WILKE. 26U Kearny st.
A A A— 100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars
800 candy and ice cream stores, 500 restau-
rants. 900 stores of all kind?: partners wanted
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market s't.
FOR private sale— Some of the best saloons in
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S
Market et.
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions
*rug stores, ftc. JOSEPH BAILIE; 709 Mkt!
A FINE restaurant; city front; JlittO. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 759 Market Et.
fesa— DELICACY, fruit, poultry and flsh store-
adjoining town: well established and ' well
stocked: rent $15. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mtk.
PARTNER' wanted— Produce commission busi-
ness receiving consignments of butter, esrgg,
• rh»ese and other produce: $250 required. DON-
NELLY CO., 622 Markejt st.
$900— SALOON; rare chance for the right man
to acquire a rood paying business; guarantee
$?nft per month clear of all expenses; cheap
rent: 7 good living rooms; no better location
In the city. ¦ Business Board Trade, j'.s Pine.
A~$ir.O0: . PICKLE factory and vinegar route;
Established many years and clearing above
$li0 per month: horse, wagon and stock will*
invoice the price.. Owner going east; no
agent. Call -722 Union st.. bet. 9 and 1.
«]000_siCKNESS compels sale of profitable
Imsinef-F in facial and scalp treatment, mas-
sage. halrdresslng. e£c; good location: low
rent; will l>ear honest Investigation. 2001, Call.May, J901.
CALL CALENDAR.
C A Storke, S Barbara O S Aaeh, N.Y
W H Butters&w.Wash 8 L Rumsey, Honolulu
H McCoy & w, Omaha L P Prince, Boston
H R Milter, Or J S Davis, N Y '
A Burns & w. Or . W O P?aler, Minn -'
C Schmidt; Astoria D E^ Hanks. Los Ang
G W Bucher, Aria M O'Farrell. Butte .'
A J Graham. Hanford' J H Roberts, Sacto
J Corey, Hanford ~ ¦ CS Ralph. .Benlcia
R J' Anderson, -Phila H H Maybury. L Ang
F Phillips & w, Chicgo J T Hamee. Sausollto '
Miss I M Jaegrer Chic J L Smith &. w, S Rosa
F C Cosby, , Wash, D C F H Moore. San Jose
3 I Tralttor & w. Sacto G R Ayers, Redwood
J ¥/ Dawsan, Los Ang C B Blethen & w.Seatt
XV, H Hammond; Or - Mrs M S Cunningham
Mrs M WBrady. Chic Butte
C B Wilson. Hornbrook Mrs M C Grentman.Mo
A P Carney, Visalla J S Carpenter, Cal
Mrs L Burleigh. ¦; Bostn C H Letcher, San Jose
J Tully, Stockton AJ Bcwen. L03 Ang
M . D*kley. Australia J S Fogg, Maine
H A" Wright. Stockton CMBeckwlth." Sacto
G EEckhardt; Stktn J R Helma & w. Cal
Dr E Hennessey. Napa H G Miller. Oakland
J Nelson, Leadville ¦ , . A S Towgood & w, Cal
W T Same's, -Lcs Ang M 'Adams. Phlla ¦
C F. Horton, Reno .. Miss Arnick. San -Jose
R:M Green, Oroville -.FT Barnard, Marysv
H G Coykendall. Cal .' F Desimons. San Jose
G H Anderson; S Jose R Desimene, ' San Jose
C Bills, San Jose B Smith & w, B Jose
8 W Albro & w. N Y Mrs Travers, Nlles
Miss E M Albro, N Y » .
; . - NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Murry, U-S N E^ Ramsey, N Orleans
J Bou^ke, Cal E J Collins & w. Or
H R Sprek, Los Ang, J Morrison." San Dieiro
DJ McCarthy, NY. H Anden Cal
J ' J Lepseniek, ; Iowa W Chlnn,- Cincinnati
J.Buckley, Los Ang D Mills, Vancouver ¦•
B B.Dunn.iPa ¦'-•'••- IH;Evans, Martlnea
F.P Me Donald,. Mo V Harding. Md
A L' Schilling. Mo '/' W T Beatley, Ind
E - Lamb, St Louia : ~WkMStrHTftnrmi
E A Davis. Placerville Miss R P "Wilson. N Y
H H Hallet. Boston A H Bumham, Falsonl
W A McDonald, Bostn E>r D R Rooney.Aub.rn
R P Crandall, . M D. G Lufkin. St Louis
Denver W J Wiley. Palo Alto
A L Koster, Denver.. Mrs G Williams, Butte
Major W L .Daniels, Mrs J Dennis, Term
¦ Denver . Mrs- E DVoorhies.Tenn
H Eppinger Jr.PsoRbls W D Steele. Mo
G N Hanger, Ind R E Pierce. San Jcsj
F K" M Jones, Boston W R Dudley, Stanford
T T Williams. S Rafal F Stanford, Stanford
J F Bruckner. Chgo P S Jof/nson. S Rafael
E K Smoot. DC H Doyle. San Mateo
J "VV Mlnturn. Mlnturn W A Doy.le. San Mateo
J F Davis. Jackson V A McDonald, Colo
P Llndhelm. NY A Crlsty, San Rafael
A R Jacob, Portland Mrs E P Rlpley, Chgo
H L Frank. Calcutta MI33 Rinley, Chicago
J D Boyle & w, Pa Miss M R Fuller. Chgo
E W Runyon. R Bluff L Burrows. Ill
L J Rose Jr. Oxnard C B Irish. Illinois
D C Hayes. Redlands J Gavin & w, III
H Boneatell & w, Cal H B Packer, Pa
J H Window. Pa. J F Southard. D C
G W Galr. New York W F Kennedy & w.
Miss J Gair, N Y Los Anreles*
Mrs G S Adams. NY M D Caffrey & w. Aus
W F Bradley, N Y W Stubbins. London
J Flower, Honolulu J H Gourtie 4: w, N Y
M McNally, Spokane R C Davlson, .Honolulu
Mr & Mrs McCullough, M M Smith. Honolulu
Australia ,' Mrs W F Ordway.Hon
J B Fisher & w. N Y D.D Walker, Chicago
A' B Cohen, Mo EH Fiwhugh & w,
F W Lyons & w.,N Y St Louis -
A P Ray. Chlcaso Miss Fitjhueh, S Louis
E E Raht & w, Berlin R O Bonestell & w,
W R Peters. N Y San Mateo
G B Moffatt, NY. B Frankenhelmer & w.
J Gould & w. N Z Stockton
T McEe. Australia J Mrs \ T R Mlnturn.
W A Baikhouse, Engld Mlnturn
J D Cash. Sacramento W B Minturn. Mlnturn
S N Hodsklns, Stktn F D Johnson. S Rafael
F N Smith. S'Andreaa M Dore, San Ratael
Baron von . Briltzlng- H Glass, U S N
hausen, Berlin ' W H Lawrence.L Anjr
Baroness von :¦ Briltz- P L Shuman. Chit tend
inghausen, Berlin A Harmon. Lodi
H G Stevenston, Menlo R W Blakeslee, Hldsbg
"W A Brewer, S Mateo L Feist, Wabash
A Laws, U S A , L Joseph,- New York
M Some. M , D. & w, J Underwood. Chicago
SS Sierra ' H Kollermorgen, Chgo
J E McDowell. Stanf d W B Corlntn. Pa
B E Howard. Stanford F J Bleakley, Pa .
A C'Kuhn, San Jcse F J Hunger & w. Pa
C J Kuhn. San Jose W G Lyn. Chicaso
A I Stearns & w. Chso Miss M J Lyn, Chgo
H P Crowell & w, Chg F M Warner Jr. Or
J Hecht. Chicasrb . •-
GRAND HOTEL..- Vi
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
SUGAR.
Hana 7 7% KHauea » —
Hawaiian 53 — Makawell — 41
Konokaa 30*» — . Onomea ....... 2»5» —
Hutchinaon 20 — Paauhau 'M SI
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pkrs..,138 13S'/; Oceanic SS.... 47 47%
C Fruit Cnrs.. — 58 Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine As.. 100 — Pac C Borax.. 152 —
Merch Ex HO — l*araf Paint... 16 —
Mornlns Se33lon.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association. 137 3ft
20> Alaska Packers' Association 1SS 00
5 Alaska Packers* Association 123 i9
30 Alaska Packers' Association ..l:!J 00
35 Cal Wine Association .'...ICO CO
17Q Giant Powder Con , ,... 73 Grt
230 Honokaa Sugar Co ..., 3175
70 Makaweli Sugar Co 41 Crt
ICO Market Street Railway , 70 75
70 S F Gaa & Electric Co 37 5»
50 S F Oaa <sk Electric Co 37 75
50 S F Ga3 & Electric Co ~ 37 87^
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 80 37 75
$5C0O Oakland Tr is •. 117 CO
$.-.000 S V 4s. 2d mtge 103 73
$10.CC0 S V Water 6s 113 50
Street—
50 Contra Costa Water 75 CO
$2CC0 Oakland Water Ss 104 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
40 Alaska Packers' Association 139 39
30 Alaska Packers' Association 133 00
10 Alaska Packers" Association 13S 25
20 Alaska Packers' Association 13S 00
1 Alaska Packers' Association 1C8 30
130 Hutchinson S P Co 20 00
350 Hutchinson S P Co. b 30.., MHO -
5 Makaweli Sugar Co 41 CO
5 Oceanic S S Co 47 50
10 Oceanic S S Co. 47 25
45 S F Gaa & Electric Co 37 75
a S F Gaa & Electric Co 37 S7^
S S F Gas & Electric Co 3S CO
10O S V Water SS CO
ISO S V Water : 85 bO
$3CC0 Bay C P Ss ....104 00
$1000 Market Street Railway con 5s 122 75 J
$2000 Oakland Tran 8a 116 50
13C00 S P of Arizona b. 19U9 113 25
Street— t
$5C00 Bay C P 5a 104 00
20 Cal Wine Association 100 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
• . • '- ?i , Mornlns Session.
Boards- »
500 California Standard 53
10 Kanford 99 CO
V4 Hanford .....93 00
425 Home 3 45
left Independence 13
50 Kern 6 75
600 Lion 18
400 Occidental of W Va ..... : 61
600 Petroleum Center 14
3C0 Sterling 195
Street—
20 Kern ...; • 6 75
- '* Afternoon Session."
Board—
200 California Standard- 39
4 Hanford ..: 93 CO
400 Home Oil, b 60 3 40
100 Monarch of Arizona ;t
]0O Monarch of Arizona 35
20 Occidental It
I 5C0 Oil City Petroleum %1
¦ 1C0 Peerless, b SO 3 62'4
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
EQO California Standard S3 '
?SO Cal & Utah Oil Co 26
300 Monarch of Ariacna 54
2sff Monte Cristo. s SO 2 30
10CO Petroleum Center IV
; 100 Twenty-Eight 137%
Afternoon Session*
Board —
23d Cal & Utah Oil Co 28
20 Kern Oil :........ 6 50
400 Monarch of Arizona ,54
200 Petroleum Center :: 14
! ICO Sterling - 193
| 100 Twenty-Eight 1 37Vi
" MINING STOCKS.
The following ware the salsa In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher ........ 15- 100 Silver Hill '... 33
100 Mexican ....... 33 / 100 Silver Hill ... 33
2l>0 Ophir 1 >tf 100 Syndicate or,
200 Savage . -. 17. _1CO Standard 4 00
Afternoon'Sesslon. "
3C0 Con Cal & Va.3 50| £00 Overman .VZCM
1C0 Mexican 33! 300 Sliver Hill ... 34
15i) Ophir 1 10 ilOO Silver Hill ...'35
Following were the sales on the Paclflc Stock
Exchange. yesterday: .VJBjfcJ
? — ¦ Morninrr Session. ...
2C0 Belcher 15! SCO Justice 07
5C0 Best & Belcher 34 1 2eo Mexican 35
400 Con Cat & Va.2 40! 400 Mexican 34
150»Con Cal & Va.2 45 200 Ophir 107
750 Con Cnl & Va.2 50 6C0 Sierra Nevada. 27
500 Con Imperial... 01 40 Union Con ..... 15
TUESDAT.AprllJ0-4p.nl.
- ' Bld.Ask.1 Bld.A^k.
Alpha .* .". 03 00 Justice 66 07
Alta 05 071Kentuek 02 04
Andes 64 OS! Lady Wash.. 01 02
Belcher 14 15 Mexican : 33 ?4
Best & Belcher S2 34 Occidental ../. 03 05
Bullion- ........ C3 04 Ophir -.105110
Caledonia 61 «5 Overman 19 23
Challenge~Con 12. 14 Potosl .„ OS 0? "
Chollar 08 03 Savajr# 17 IS
Confidence .... W «4 Scorpion •— "4
Cal & Va..2 43 2 50 Segr. Belcher .. 03 04
-on Imperial .. '— ' 01 Sierra Nevada. 27 2?
Con New York — 81 Silver Hill S4 S5
Crown Point .. 15 IT 3t Louis ...... 06 —
Eureka Con .. 06 — Standard 4 00 —
Exchequer ...... Cl OiMymiieate — P3
Gould & Curry. 16 IS. Utah 02 0«
Hale & Norcrs. 23 25 Union Con ... JS 1»
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 13 U
Co at biued TroiD Paga Tec
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Builders* Contracts.
J. J. and Lizzie Tiemey (owners) with L. O.
Bergran (contractor and architect)— All work
except mantels, gas and electric fixtures anil
shades for a three-story frame building, on NW
corner of Henry and Sanchez strsets. CjxIGO;
$5114.
Atherton E. and Annie S. Lord to Annie H.
Lord, re-record 602 d. SS3, lot on SW corner of
Dwight way and Dana street. W 10t»:S by 3
269. lots 1, 2, 23 and 24, block A. Leonard Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Edgar Rickard. Thomas and Alice Rlckard
(his wife) to Blanche M. V/hiteman, all interest
in lot en N Mne of Duvant avenue, 12<> W of
Fulton street. W iO by N 130. lot IS, block 14.
College Homestead Tract. Berkeley; $1000.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Em
ma, F. Loveland, lot Sf. In Plat 52. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $36.
Mercedes Valdcs (widow), PaUllns A.. Vln
centia E.. Anita D. and Manuel R. ValiSes
(single) to Blanche T.- Heath (widow), lot oa
N line of Twenty-third street, 170 E of Valdez,
E 23 by N 190:6, block fS7, Valdez Tract, Oak
land; J7i0. •
• E. E. Haft (single) to Leander Shores, lot*
40 and 41. block D, Broadway and Telesraph
Avenue Homestead, ti> correct 72& D. 34, Oak
land; $1. • .
Edson F. and John C. Adams and Julia P.
A. prather to Frank M. Greenwood, let on
SW line of Lee street, at its intersection with
land dividing Plats 20 sum} 21. Rancho V; and
D. Peralta, thence SV.'- 143:9, SE 135, NE lit).
NW on a curve to the right with a radius of
8C\5:3 feet a distance of 105.14. thence alonj a
targent to said curve NW 30 feet to beginning
of portion of plat 21. Kaccho V. and r>. Peral
ta. Oakland: S6C0O.
John P. and Edna V. Beckett to Lillla "Wil
liams (wife of John C. Williams), all interaat
in lot on N line of Thirty-eighth street, 3X13
E of Market. E SO by N 139.S0, Oakland; $.'.00.
-Amelia and William E- Shapman. to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco (reli
gious corporation sole), lot on N line of Cliff
avenue (Point Lebos avenue), 32:6 W of Eishth
avenue, W 50 by >r 1C0; J20CO.
Alameda County.
Eugene Jr., Edward and Thomas H. Kelly,
Paul. Fuller and Daniel F. Sullivan (as exe
cutors and trustees of the estate of Eugan*
Kelly) to Edward A. SeHridse. undivided h»lt
of lot on S corner of Howard and Spear stresti,
SW 91:S by SE 137:6; $20,COO.
Same to George W. Gibba Company (corpora
tion), undivided half of same; $20,000.
Colman and Kate O'Toole to £. B. Wilson,
let on E ltae of Pringle court. id N of Grean
w4ch street. N 57:6 by E 60: $3500.
Meta Goedecke to Joseph and Jacob Harris,
undivided eisht-ninths of lot on W line of
Powell street, 100:S N of Chestnut, N 35 by W
87:6; rrant.
Same to same, same; $45,000.
Ellen |1 Heaton (wife or Hiram), Frederick
H. and Sidney R. Marvin, Ellen M. Gibson
(wife of John G.> and Bessie C. Kauffmaim
?Marvin) to Herman Braunschweiger, lot on W
line o* Drmnm street. 31:8 N of California. N
45:10 by W 70; $45,000.
Charles E. and Zenaide Thompson to Chart***
G. Stuhr. lot on W line Church street. 23
N of Twenty-sixth, N 23 by W SO: $1800.
Annie E, Crowley to Micha-1 R. Twomdy.
lot on NW line of Howard street 155 SW of
Eleventh. SW 23 bv NW 77:64;* $4000.
Joseph M. Masten to Irene G, Gordon, lot on
N Hue of Washington street. 230:9Ts. E First
avenue. E 9:0% by N 12»: gift.
- John and Wilhelmiria Denhard to Alb»rt
sschurch. .lot on SW llns of Ninth street. 135
SE of Howard. SE 17:8 by SW 100; $12.CM.
N. K. Masten to Irene G. Gordon (wife of
Phil K). lot on N lino oS Washington, strest.
200 :Z%, E First avenue. H 13, E 30:9, S 1».
W 30:6%: gift.
• N. K. Masten to Joseph M. Masten, lot on
N Hn« of Washington street. 230:9T» E First
avenue, E 49:3%, NE 127, W 64:5H. 9 1©:
gift.
Joseph H. and Matilda M. Scott to J. Wil30«
Shiels, lot on NE corner of Pace and Asa
bury streets, E. 23 by N 82:6; $11,000.
Orpha Fulton to William Crane Spencer, lot
on S line of . Vallejo street, 100 from S cor
ner of Laguna and Vallejo. S 107:6. E 22:10^.
N 107:6. W 22:10%; $3000.
Annie Tyrell (Bahl. wife of John) to John
Hfeyen. lot on E line of FUraore street. 20 8
Greenwich, S 25 by E 82:8; $300*
EtE_L ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TJdCK SAK fKAHCISCO .CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 1901.
13
S. t JH.l T. t W.| T. | F. ! S. Moon's Phases.
4 , Y~T~~T\ * Fell Moon,
t . i " t vi/ . Jlay '
5 JjJL JL '-I Ji ii <? Last barter.
IT 13 J 14 15 IS IT IS - Ma y 1L
Moon's Phases.
}9 28 ; 21 S2 23 24 I 25 ®
it irnr » % » i^
. — ; 1 —^| 1 [ J»
New Moon.
May 17.
First Quarter,
May 24.
S. t JH.l T. t W.| T. | F. ! S. Moon's Phases.
4 , Y~T~~T\ * Fell Moon,
t . i " t vi/ . Jlay '
5 JjJL JL '-I Ji ii <? Last barter.
IT 13 J 14 15 IS IT IS - Ma y 1L
Moon's Phases.
}9 28 ; 21 S2 23 24 I 25 ®
it irnr » % » i^
. — ; 1 —^| 1 [ J»
New Moon.
May 17.
First Quarter,
May 24.
PAIKTERS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered,
$S up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open even.
SCHOOL to learn halrfireEsing. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
POTXE. 1704 Market, bet Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel Iron beds einsle. three-quarter
or double, $2 2oT EASTEBN OUTFITTING
CO.; 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
Kc to $1 BO per night; $1 E0 to $6 per week;
tret 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$] WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.; between Seventh and Eighth.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $E; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1£39 Polk Bt.. San Francisco.
A WOMAN, one side badly wrinkled, the other
made emooth; also freckled girl; remedies
ruaranteed permanent; call— seeing Is bellev-
Inr. N. T. lust. Dermatology. 105 Ellis, S. F.
AFFLICTED, come! We will locate your dis-
ease free without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling pulee; tell you how to get
well without knife, drags or worthless instru-
ments; this is not a faith cure, but scienti-
fic treatment. Nervo Pathic Co.. 327 Larkin.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. 8. MOORE. 488 Geary st, and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent, to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
In from four to twelve hours, according to
•hade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Butter et.
PERS OVALS. •
NOTICE — After this date I -will not be respon-
sible for any debts cjntracted by my wife,
MRS. MARY L. THOMAS. THOS. J.
THOMAS.
PATEXTS AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO D. CAMPBELL, Lawyer, Examiner big.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, palmist, Eli
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black £61.
¦^ : V . PERSONALS- — Continued.
PARISIAN detective catches the person in
Very act; free demonstration. Box 3056, .Call.
PRIVATE d^"»ctive work; reasonable rates; 10
years' expedience. J. B. RAT. 357 Jessie, st.
Dr Harrjett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex»
cert ?h. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
• "Domestic" office, 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
OLD frold silver, 1 diamonds pnd precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market Bt. -
Ladies' and Rents' cast-oft clothing bought and
sold. J. Silvennan. 9S4 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 119L
C. LANDECKER, 29 Montg'y — Watches cleaned
and repaired.no matter what's broken.$l;guar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; ¦ $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, .play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
PICNIC SUPPLIES. ;
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29" Market St.. for finest wines and
liquors: bigrpest house: open Sundays.
piles. ?;•;, r
NEARLY 1G00 permanent cures here in your
midst, many who have suffered - 20 to 30
years: over fifty : names of prominent busi-
ness men cent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business,-, and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
clan. box 1950. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
PH1S1CIAXS AND SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office"and TesldenceT
1021 Market st, between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
KEAL ESTATE— CITY— I/OK .SALE.
; .- ¦ _2T~"~ ~—
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
$4000.
Bryant st., nr. Second; lot 25x90; 2 houses of
6 and 7. rooms and bath each; rents $42 per
month: investigate this at once.
$3100. : -
Lyon st, nr. Golden Gate ave.; lot 25x112:6;
.cottage 5 rooms, bath, cellar, stationary tub3,
etc.; mortgage of $1000 can remain.
$3500. .--'::;
¦ Cottage of 6 rooms and bath, nr. Oak st.
and GolderivGate Park; lot 25x106:6; cement
side. walk; I08 worth the money.
. -¦ . ¦ J1750.
Price reduced; new residence of- 7 rooms,
bath, etc.; lot 25x100; Lisbon et, nr.' China
ave.. 2 blocks from Mission-st. cars.
;¦¦ -¦¦;••' ' f 3000.
Bents $4S& per year; 2 new bay-window
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 39
feet frontage; \icinity Franklin and Bush.
'-'V.--, ¦ ¦ • $3000. ?
: Rents $30 per Month; 2 flats and rear house;
Shipley et., near Sixth.. a.C-.^r"-'^
: - - : $18,000. I-
. Rents $120 per month; large lot 60:9x100; 4
2-BtQry houses of 8 rooms and bath each;
Larkin and California etB. ; can be made into
flats and pay handsomely. 1 ¦ ¦:-: ".''¦'
. ' • . - . . $1600.
¦ . Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 60x50; near Eighth
and Harrison; must be sold to close an estate.
. : • - - $2ico.
Cottage ot 7 rooms, bath, basement, etc.;
lot 25x100; Vermont st, nr. Marlposa; con-
."venlent'to "Union Iron Works; house cost
J2800 to build. ' .•: ¦ :
'¦ . : . ' JS250.
Bents -$75 per month: 2 modern flats, about
% years old; always rented; key lot; Devisa-
dero Et-
" .- : " ' $12,500.
¦ Halgrht-st. business corner; store . below, 2
flats above; always rented; see these at once.
$4000.'
Rents $3S per month; 4 flats; Treat ave.,
•near Thirteenth st.
, $1750. -
Rents $25 per month; store below, flat/
above, 5 rooms; 2SxS0; Church St., near Twen- I
ty-sixth. ¦
•;•.-,.: $6000. .-¦;, '.¦¦;;•-
Owner anxious to sell; make us an offer;
2 substantial well-built flats; Oak St., near
Buchanan.
S65C0.
Rents $62 50 per month; very cheap; must
be sold to close an estate; 3 flats on Larkin
8L, near Jackson.
$9500. :C>
Rents $79 per month; make us an offer on
this; 5 flats with largre lot, 35x137:6.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
,\V.-V - ¦.•-_.; 638 Market Street.
SOUTH OP MARKET INVESTMENT— NW.
corner; on one of the best business streets; 100
xl2S feet; improvements, 4 stores, flats, 4 large
houses; rents J26O rer month.
EDDY-ST. FLATS— 3 modern flats on Eddy
st; 7 and S rooms and bath; lot 2Exl20 back to
rear street; rents $1152; see this at once; price
$10,500.
DOWNTOWN FLATS ON ELLIS ST.— Finest
flats on this street; new modern, uD-to-date; 5
minutes to Market' and Kearny st. ; lot 27:6x
112:6; rents $1740; price $16,000. - - • .
ELEGANT MARINE VIRW CORNER— On
Jackson st. : willsell for value of land; suburb,
unobstructed view of entire bay; 27:6 frontage;
2 new modern flati, 6 rooms and bath; flats
Cost to buil<} $5000; 3 years ago; bank mortgage
$2800; price 14600; forced sale.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS AT A SAC-
RIFICE— 2 fine, well built flats of 5 rooms and
bath, sunny side street; lot 25x137:6 ft.; near
Buchanan st; price $3000.
- I V ' " > '
SACRIFICED— PARK PANHANDLE RESI-
DENCE— Large beautiful home, 1 block from
Park Panhandle: 9 rooms and bath, sunny; $500
new bank mortgage can remain; larger mort-
erage can be obtained; must be sold; make offer;
only $5000 asked. ;i-
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE— Ele-
gant modern house, 7 rooms and porcelain bath;
all modern improvements.; near " Haight and
Steiner tis. ; price $5200.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
• 638 Market Street.
______________ __.. „
Real Estate Brokers,
41 and 42 Chronicle Building.
$21,000— Wholesale district; Beale st, near Mar-
ket; rent $1520 per annum.
$4,600— Manufacturing center; Natoma st., near
First; 36x75; 3-story house, . 28 rooms.
This is a snap for a few days only.
$4,000— Clementina St., near First; 3-story
house, 14 rooms; rent $39 per month.
$2,500— Cheap flats; near Valencia and Twenty-
fourth' sts. ; lot 23x98; always rented; 4
rooms and bath each. . '
$4,500— McAllister st, near Broderick; cottage,
5 rooms and bath; 43:9x137:6.'
CHEAP LOTS.
$4,000— Washington, near Cherry: 50x129.
$2,150— Steiner. near Waller; 25x91:6.
$3,600— McAllister, near Broderick; 44x137:6.
$1,100— Church, near Eighteenth; 27xS8.
$1,800— Devisadero. near Waller; 25x125.
$1.700— Folsom, near Seventeenth: 25x122:6.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
« - 41 and 42 Chronicle Building.
J2700— t-room houses on easy terms on Eliza-
beth, near Douglass. J. ANDERSON, builder.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-'
ern 10-room residence, 775 Cole st. ; open daily.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN, 530 California St.
MODERN cottages and flats built: reasonable? 1
plans furnished. Sallsbury.builder.1333 Market.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on XV. J: Gunn. 530 California.
K— AL. ESTATE CO UKTlt V- — Fop Sale
A DAIRY ranch of 190 acres; 160 river bottom;
100 cleared: €0 In red clover, 7 In orchard;.
good 2-story house; 2-story barn; all fenced..
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st, by Call Bldg...
[ $6000— «K> ACRES adjoining Redding;* close to
the northern oil iflelds; similar formation;
will be sold at a bargain, as cash is needed.
Box 2S86, Call office.
BUY in Napa County: no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us . fcr free
copy "Napa County ViticulturUt." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena, Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN, Real Estate- Agent. . 719
Market St., by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for dale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma.- Cal.
WHITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free ccpy of .Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages. Bent to any address in . the
United States or. Canada one year V f jr $1,
postage paid. . ¦¦¦¦ . •'-•¦.-¦."¦
ROSS VALLEY IlEAL ESTATE.
¦TOR^^LE^lH^^o^r^aTleyTY mTnuteV^wallc
frcm San Anselmo . station, "* an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200:
' <well cultivated.'* For' particulars inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR. 404 Eansome st
«5.C00 ACRES oil land In various counties for
lease and sale. ROBINSON. 8« Geary Et., r. 6.
OIL lands for eale or lease in all carts of the
Btate. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
¦>» or -wish to invest In stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before poinir elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner buil&ing.
OIL LAXHS.
OIL tanks, eecond-hand. in good order; all
eizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission st.
THE W. B- THOMAS CO.— Oil lands In the
best districts; investigate: Fearless Oil and
"Water Ca: a pood investment: water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big., 464 Sth, Oakland.
COSTA Rica. 10 cents per share, will make you
rich; you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
anteed by 8. F. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust Co. ; send for
prospectus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
ment CO.. 226 Post Et.
LIGHT, eunny offices $15 to $20. Emma Spreck-
els building. ¦ 927 Market St. ¦ -.'¦¦:"
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
SUPERIOR, violin*, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE*S, S33 Market ft.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
BARGAIN — Must be sold: Bice uprigfet piana.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
. ROOMS TO LET— Fora. nn;l Unfurn.
HYDE,. 133— Nibs large sunny. rooms; gas,-. clos-
ets and running water. -.. ,- . •* ..
JESSIE.' 363, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
room 3, $4 and $5> : ._-.'' '>'¦¦•
LARKIN, 804— Lars* sunny, front room and
back room, $8 and $10; also furnished house-
keeping rooms. . :'¦•'_¦
MINNA. 687, corner Eighth— Newly . furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient. i'_'
MISSION, 561," near Second— An elegant front
, room, suitable for two; rent $g. : :
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up-; 35c a day up.
NICELY furnished room suitable for one or two
gentlemen. 1237 Geary ;• entrance on Gough.
OCTAVIA, ' 1403, coi*. Geary— Sunny corner bay-
window, folding- bed, Welsbach, 1, $9; 2. $10.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
ROSEDALB House, 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night, 23a to $1; -week. :$1 25 to $4; open r.ight.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
: reading-room,' smoking-room and ladies'- par-
lor; rooms per nteht, S5c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
1 SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. \
TURK 120— Sunny furnished front ro<$m suit-
able for a gentleman, $6 per month;
5rURK. 268 (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished: modern in every detail; board optlon-
' al< Fhone South 42^- '%
................. VAN NESS. 930 .......I......,,.
. Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; tourists. , .
WALLER, 1611, near Golden Gate Park— 2 front
rooms'. . r j ¦',*,'*¦. ; , . •
WASHINGTON, 502— Unfurnished rooms for
gentlemen; no children; dean and quiet.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce,2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. j_V
ROpMS AND BOARD.
ERIE, 59, corner Howard— Bay-window front
room; sun all day; with board; two; $38.
NICELY furnished sunny room with board;
private family. - 036 . Valencia, cor: - Liberty.
PINE, 137S— Elesantly furnished: , first-class
table board; private family; references. ;
BOOMS and board : prices reasonable. - 415
First st.. between Harrison and Bryant.
AT mimmer rates: attracttv* rooms; special
table: wine dinners. 807 California st.
ROOMS A^D BOARD WANTED,
WANTED— Room and board; private family;
¦ 10 minutes' walk Call building: bath; reason-
¦ able; Btate terms. Box 3040, Call-
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41R Mr>ntroTn»rv i«t.. room* 9-10: t»l. BBS0.1 -
LEAVING MACHIXE8 MD STJ FF1L.1 EsT
ALL kinds bought. 60ld and repairing guaran-
! teed. Charles Plambeek. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, soM., rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1121. 205 4th..
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rate*. US fth: nhonp Mint S.
STORAGK AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Vain and Storage Co.. 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture. Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore ot. ; phone Jackson 281."
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon st.: tel. Mint 1ST1. F. W. ZKHF1ISS..
SUMMER RESORTS.
LADY having own modern cottage would take
2 or 3 summer boarders; pleasant, quiet place
for invalid . or old te.fly. MRS. H. JONES.
Menlo Pa:k. • *
TO LEASE.
LOVELY HOME.
To ' lease for a Ion* term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality in
Santa Cruz County; only half a ; mile from
depot; consisting of about 25 acres of best
. wine grapes and balance best fruit; applea,
•cherries, plums, etc.; lovely cottage, -fur-
. niehed, also ~ horses. carrlage._phaeton, etc.:-
also, line winery and rooperaje for SO.OCO gal*
long. Box 3841. Call office. ' .:-''¦ . .
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITER&— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. Tha Typewrite?
Exchange. . r i3C.Callf/>iTila; telephone Main 206
DIVIDEND KOTICES. ~
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend (No. 23) of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 430
California st.. San Francisco, on May 10, 1901.
Transfer books close May 3. 1901, at noon. A.
A.' SPARJCS. Secretary.
/ : PROPOSALS. -^ "
ADVERTISEMENT— Of flce~oT~th<» Chief^En*
gineer. Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I... March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals • for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P., I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1,-1901, and then publicly opened.
Wcrk to be done includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
. rubble masonry 1ft breakwaters, about 5.001),-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
' head 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud, sand
ar.d shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
- material to be used Tor reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.'
One contract will be made for the whole
•work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right is reserved to
reject any- or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs, Washington. > D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, • Chi-
cago and Sin Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
" CaptainT Engineers. -... ..-: .- .
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy. Department,
Washington,- D. C, until 12 o'clock noon; May
14, 1901. and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard,
Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of boiler tubes,
nuts, rivets, steel bars, plates : aflW shapes,
and sheet steel. Blank proposals will be fur-
, nished upon application to ¦ the Bureau or to
the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco, Cal.
A. S/ KENNY. Paymaster General, U. S. N.
4-12-01. ¦ •¦¦-¦¦.--.'¦-.
PROPOSALS for Coal— Of flee of General Su-
perintendent Army Transport , Service, San
Francisco Cal., April 30,. 1901. Sealed, pro-
posals in triplicate for furnishing and deliv r
erlng onboard army .transports at San Fran-
, clsco, California, forty . thousand tons, aver-
age Steam. Coal, or such . portion . thereof . as-
may be required, will be received at' this, of -
I flee until 12 m., May 31, 1901, and then opened;
Information furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed "Proposals for Coal," and addressed to
OSCAR F. LONG, General Superintendent.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
I The following marriage ' licenses were Issued-
: yesterday: ¦ ¦ -, \ ••
Herrmann E. - Hempel, 66, 2929 Washington
street, and Johanna Oser, 60, 817 Baker street.
John ¦ E. Klndergen, . 24,' Brentwood, and
Elizabeth M. Griffin, 20, Brentwpod.
Alfred G. . Harms, 21, 709 Bush Etreet, . and
Josephine E. Claiborne, ' 18, 2815 • Buchanan st.
JoUn C. Glllespie, 31, city, 'and " Mary G.
Hughe3, 25, city.
Charles, L. Green, 35, Merced, and Annie B.
Cope, 26, Lod!.': " . .
Eugene F. Peckham, 23, 122 Turk street, and
Marl L. Carrere, 20. 122 Turk street
. Fredrlk Falkenbers, 27, 422 Drumm" street,
and Margaret Johanson, 28, 29 Madison avenue.
• Carlo Coflorl. 27, -511 Broadway, and Domen-
ica Grocsini, 19, 511 BroadVay. .... .„
Thomas R. Smith, -40, ' 14 Erkson court, and
Amalla G. Grists, 34, Stockton.
James H. Flanagan, 31, Marshfield, Or., and
'Alice Irocter, 20, 401 Buchanan street; ,:
Louis " H. Orr, ¦ 31,"- 331 Kearny street, - and
Florence E. Wilkinson, 26. 331 Kearny street.
¦ George I. M&hgan, 25,- 429 Haight street, and
Annie Donovan. 23. 1712 Buchanan street.
Charles . J. J. Thomson, 21, ¦ 180 Shipley street,
ami Lizzie Brogan, '.16,. Ill Gilbert street. - .
Waller B. Jennirics, 39, : Washington, D. C,
and : Amy.. D.. Stuart.- 22. city. .-;..-,.:;,; ,
-- Peter O. Strandberg, 33, 1536 Clay street, < and
May de Turbeville, 23. .1106 Sacramento street.
Joseph Gray Jr.; 26, 131 Page street, and
Alice MJ Miller, 22,3329 Twenty-flrst street. . :
EIRTHS^MARRIA&ES-iPATHS,;:
Birth, marriace and death , notices sent by
mall will not ba inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and 1 be'
indorsed' with the name and ' residence ¦ of per-
sons-authorized to have the same published. ';¦¦.-
BOBN. •
FITZ GERALD— In this city," April. 16, 1901,; to
the wife !of» Harry A. Fitz Gerald, a son. 1 ,./,
RICKERTS— In! this city. April 21. 1901.: to the
,-wifeof 'Martin .P., RIckcrts.: a daughter. . :
SINCLAIR— In Oakland.-April • 13. . laoi.'- to the*
¦ -s- wife: <}t : Charles ¦ A. Sinclair;, a daugh t.e r . •
_____ ________________
DEANE— TODD— In this city, A3r!l 30, . 1901,,
.; by; the. Rev. , Dr. John A. B. AV'ilaon, ¦ Fred'
.HIGH-GRADE pianos; Stecfc Hartman, Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 814 Post.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be 80IA. 301 Jones st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Steinway,
Knabe and others. BRCENN. 208 Post ft.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. you
can ret storage pianos almost for a song.
$45 tTPRIGHT. $125 Knabe. $135 StJinway &
Sons, at FAT'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
GENTLEMAN eoinj? East must sacrifice hand-
' . • some 3-pedal upright piano. CIS Eddy Et.
¦ A SMALL Chickerinir upright. $125; 6 uprights.
-; ' seecr-d-handed : your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
HAZELTON pianos; none better; special sale
this week of this . and ether, high-prade
' pianos: also bargains in . eeoond-hand up-
- - rights. DEWING CO.. Flood building-.
V a— J400; UPRIGHT grand, new, for almost
.'• • half. 216 McAllister St.
• ¦' YOU can obtain a fine upright p-iano at a low
¦"'¦ figure. T. H. KILGO. 846 Mission St.
¦'¦¦ j? PITR month rents n beautiful piano. SCX>TT-
" CURTAZ PIANO CO.. K<) Hayes et.
J117— MAHOGANY ease Fischer upright. 217
Gear:-' st.. room 28.
5 PIANO snaps— $60. $75. $80. $125. $130; easy
pavments: alse Apollo slightly used, a bar-
pain. BEXJ. CTRTAZ & EON, 16 O'Farrell
Ft.. Checkering agencj-.
JBSOLUTKLT the oldest arid largest house
•• . west of Chicaero is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2S.
5« and 30 O^Farrell Et. ; pianos, orjrans and
": atl other musical Instruments of . all grades
p.nd prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing- possible doae to please and satisfy the
' customer. . . ¦
A LOW prie* 4nd a good article is -what the
¦ people want We have both to offer In the
piano line. An upright, for $100- and as
much more «B you feel like payinc. Call and
«ee our sto<& before buying:. We caa save
you money.;; MATJVAIS MUSIC. CO., 755
.- Market Et. ':'.¦ ¦¦¦.¦:¦
AT BYRO* MACZY'S.^S« 'POST ST. ". -
Yob «r« invite* to tall and hear th# Feer-
'¦'¦ lew electric eelf-pla?!ng piano . attachment;
• "•' c»n be pat in any piano; al«> to inspect our
piano . (mctery ¦ *.n4 f=e« how a piano i» made.
" Apent SoJuner. Byron Stauzy, Gabler, Ham-
5Uon, ¦ gpieltnasn . pianos. '. ¦ . .-•--. : --
ALL plaaoF -purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO «nay be exchanged for a new Steinway
unrieht or toalby ersnd piano any time within
I -.-ears from da-te of purchase, and have full
rrice allowed. N*ew upright pianoif. $5 per
ricnth- ecm» 4qq3 piano*. sola for $3, H ana
£ rtf' month! SHERMAN'. CLAT & CO..
Steiniroy dealer*, corner Keamy and Sutter
"=ts San Franetsro: corner Broadway, and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.. .-' : ;" " '.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.'
$2750 — NE W 3-story house ; complete ' in every
particular; thoroughly well built; street work
all done; near the electric cars and railroad.
$5000— Fine now "house of 9 rooms; lot 52x160;
gas and electric lights; excellent view of bay
and near university. ¦
¦¦ .;>-. Apply. to JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
MILL VALLEY REAL. ESTATE.
FOR sale— Lots, houses and lots or acreage In
beautiful Mill Valley. Apply S. H. ROBERTS,
real estate and insurance, Mill Valley, Cal. *
MILL Valley — Nice home for sale, cheap, on
account of departure. 526 Turk St.. S. F. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKliAKD REAL ESTATE.
"~T~at"Xuction7*~ '
AT AUCTION.
AT. AUCTION,
AT AUCTION, ' - -
»AT AUCTION, . ' ..' I
. Bank Properties.
SATURDAY, MAY 4, •
2 p, m., at office. ' .
TOUR RENT WILL BUT d
• A HOME. .
Payments Include principal and interest.
A clean-up at your Price, j
At less than houses cost.
BERKELEY HOME— $200 cash. $20 mo.;:S025
Ellis st., nr. Prince; bet. Lorin and Ashby sta-
tions; modern 2-story Colonial 7-room; bath; 2
mantels; fine order; 42x109; street complete. \
GOLDEN GATE OR LORIN-STA. COT-
TAGE— $150 cash, $15 mo. : 1031 Sixty-third or
Felton st. ; 2 blocks San Pablo ave. ; bay-win-
dow; 5 rooms; bath; brick foundation; nice
order; 50x162. -
LORIN STATION LOTS— $50 cash. $5 per ma ;
N. s. 62d or Crawford St., 2 blocks east San
. Pablo ave.; 2 lots, each 50x168. -.., ' ¦
GOLDEN GATE COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15
mo. ; 63d or Mattie ave. : 2 blocks San Pablo
cars; 6 rooms; mantel; brick foundation; stable;
40x109; newly painted; choice neighborhood.
WEST BERKELEY LOT-S25 cash. $5 mo.;
S. s. Carrlson, 291 E. San Pablo; 33x126.
NORTH OAKLAND LOTS— $50 cash, $5 mo.;
S. s. 43d St.. 90 ft. W. of Market; 2 lots, each
I 60x100; near electric cars and new ferry. .
ALAMEDA COTTAGE^-$150 cash, $15 mo. ;
1913 Broadway: 5 blocks Park-st. local; cozy; 6
rooms, bath; 50x125; shrubbery; nice order.
CHOICE CENTRAL EAST OAKLAND
HOME— $300 cash, $30 mo.: 13S0 13th ave., cor. 1
E. 18th St.; near station; fine 2-story; 9 rooms;
2 toilets; 3 mantels; furnace? gas fixtures;
choice neighborhood; first-class condition.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15
ma; 957 E. 21st St., nr. 13th ave.; bay window;
5 rooms; bath; lot 50x140; newly painted; fronts
electric cars: street macadamized.
TWENTY-THIRD-AVE. COTTAGE — $250
cash, $25 ma; 1127 E. 20th st; 23d-ave. cars;
modern; 7 rooms; bath; fine order; beautiful
view; near station, churches, schools; lot 73x150.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— »10O eash; $10
mo.; 1007 E. 23d St., nr. 21st ave.; 3-room cot*,
tage; elevated; 50x140; good neighborhood.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $125 cash;
$12 50 ma; 1004 E. 22d St., nr. 21st ave.; cozy
bay-window; 4 rooms; basement;, brick foun-
dation: 25x140; siRhtly; near care, school.
STORE AND FLAT— $200 cash. $16 mo.; 1570
and 1572 21st ave.; E. 21st st. cars half block;
modern; double bay-window, 2-story ; 1 shelving-,
fixtures; flat 5 rooms; bath; mantel; street
macadamized: 27:6x125; see this.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. COTTAGE—
$150 cash, $15 mo.; 641 Kennedy st. ; sta. 1
block; bay-window; 6 rooms; bath; brick foun-
dation; macadamized: splendid home. .
E. O. CORNER LOT— $50 cash. $5 mo.: NE.
cor. 15th ave. and E. 17th st. ; 42^x90; near 23d-
ave. Eta.: adjoins nice improvements.
FRUITVALE STA. LOT— $50 cash, $5 mo.;
S. s. WashlnRton, 100 feet E. Brandon st. ; 25x
125: homes adjoining; 3 blocks of station.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. LOT— $25 cash.
$5 mo.: N. side E. Ninth Bt., 225 E. of 28th
ave.; 25x100.
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 cash, «12 50
mo.; First ave.: block power-houses: modern;
/ bav-wlndow; o rooms: bath; barn: 50x150.
I ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 cash. $12 50
mo.; Third St., nr. Jones ave,; new; bay-win-
dow; C rooms; bath; 40x133; cement walks. !
ELMHURST LOT— $23 cash; $5 mo.-. SW.
cor. Orchard and Third ave. : Stone Tct. : 60s
HO; S blocks- cars: powerhouse.
REMEMBER DATE.
SATURDAY. MAY 4, AT.! P. M,
Write for maps. Call and be shown nro»erties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Salesroom 460 and 462 Sth st.. Oakland.
FORCED MORTGAGE SALE.
$2750— Cost $3500; Eastlake 7-roomed cottage,
with high, floored basement; lot 50x140; eunny
side, with barn, fruit trees, travel driveway,
stone walks, chicken yards, etc. •
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
- -¦ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY.
Cozy cottage and large lot: fronting: on- two
streets; owner out of town; chance to get a-
snap.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
$1250— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; on Market
St.; lot 50x125.
JSOO — Lot 50x150; on 34th St., near Telegraph
avenue.
• $950— Corner lot on Market St.; 50x125; close
In; must be sold. C. K. MARSHALL,
¦ - 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$Z2ZQ EACH — Two new 5 rooms - and bath cot-
tages on West St.. nr. 2Sth; can be purchased
on easy payments"; lots 28x140 each; must be
eeen to be appreciated. Call or address A. J,
SNYDER. 467 Sth St.. Oakland. CaJ.
FOR sale or exchange — A new 13-rbom house
and stable for cottage. Inquire at 1520 Eighth
ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AM} HOARD.
LOVELY furnished rooms, with excellent board
in private family, for adults. 514 22d st.
OAKLAND FUKN1TUHK FOB SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Sctielibaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms and bath; large
grounds, with orchard: near station; terms
reasonable. , Inquire 790 Railroad ave., Mas-
tick station, Alameda.
ROOMS "FOfi HOUSEICEEPIISG.
BIRCH ave., 617%— 3 housekeeping rooms, l]l
Apply 642 Grove st. -O' ..->.¦-
BROADWAY, 416— Housekeeping rooms to let.
CLIPPER, 452, Castro car— Sunny, bay-window
room, kitchen and bath, $3. '
COMPLETELY. furnished 4-room flat;' hot and
cold water; rent $10; $120. 425 Dolores st. ¦
GEARY. 813%— Three furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas , stove; bath, '.
GOLDEN GATE ave.," 622— Sunny bay-window
Euites of 2 and 3 rooms, nicely fur.; gas; bath.
HARRISON, 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nished completa for housekeeping; large
yard; rent $13. ¦> ¦. ; > .- ¦
HOWARD, 761%-rNlcely furnished bay-window
suite; 'man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD. ,. 1119V4. near Seventh— Sunny fur-
nlshed rooms for. light housekeeping; single
roomg. "--¦•¦", :¦¦:¦.¦¦¦;."
LARGE front room for housekeeping in private
family. 649 Howard st. - ~ ; . 7
LEXINGTON ave., 376, near Twenty-first st.—
Beautiful sunny rooms for' housekeeping;
kitchen complete; bath and wash trays.
OAK, 119— 2 eunny rooms, furnished for heavy
housekpg, yard, $12; 1 front room,' game, $9.
ONE large front sunny room and kitchen fur-
¦ nlshed complete for housekeeping ; rent $10
per month. Inquire at shoe store, 56? Mis-
sion st.. between 1st and 2d sts.
SIXTH, 541— Sunny front and back parlor for
housekeeping. $10.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ,
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia Bt. ....... •
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Ilnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
• day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, EOc up;/m3ais 25c; ? free coach..
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S . Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night: ¦; -
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur^
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.'
BUSH. 1010— Nicely furnished room; gas and
¦ bath. " " ,
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. 1 Mason — Elegantly
¦ furnished eunny rooms ;: prices reasonable. .
EDDY, 445 — Unfurnished basement, 3 rooms;
dry and ' sunny; • larse yard; reasonable. <
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 2834: rooms furnished or unfurnished.' !
ELLIS. 597— 3 or 4 newly," furnished sunny
rooms, ranging from $7 to $15 per month; will
arran g e for light housekeeping If desired. ¦;. ..*.{;.
GRAND SOUTHERN, "southeast corner Seventh "¦
and ; Mission' sts.— Sunny- rooms, en- suite or !
single;; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.^
HYDTJ, 405— Nice sunny- furnished '¦ room,' suit-
able, for 2, $10; also single, $C up. - , v .
ir», -urrlchts iofrect prices and easiest terms.
1 N-ovelU ...?.v-.»65f? Chickerlnps : <»ke .
1 Heine babr r**" 1 ' } w*'' V,Ve ?20 °
(like new) *..... !S2; 12 Heinen. $315 up
1 Steinway .' ?IS5U Hallet-Da%-is «6S
And fiftr ether?; rents f2 up. allowed on pur-
ohase TTe hafcflle all makes. Agenta for some
cf the eldest and rnost famous pianos in ex-
iBtencc JncludfnR Hellet-Davis, Indorsed, by all
the creates* Tnaeters: over M.CCW in use in most
oxclueiv* homes. Heine Piano Ca. 217 Geary.
MITS5CA1. IFSTBOIENTS.
WANTED- J5C00 nn fecured note' for 1 year:
•will make not* for SSflOO and ray 8 per cent;
rood security. BonaflSe. box 2031. Call office.
MONEY WASTED.
TO salaried pen-pie -rriihout collateral or in -
dorper. S. F. Discount Agency. UZ Phelan big.
CASH loaned lo salaried people on note «1thou1
• indorser. MORRELL. *09 Examiner building.
Sino 009 TO loan nn real 'estate or for building
low rate. 2X2 Sansome Ft., room 2.
LOANS on salaries without lndorser or secur-
ity; Kastern plan. Pearson. 309 Plrelan bldg.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THE
TOCSLET CO.. 321 Parrott •building
LOANS. lFt or 2a mtgo: city, country. «%• undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPED. 3S7 Parrott big.
MONEY loaned salaried people without pecurity,
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. <31 California.
*•?, on furniture and piano?; $1S up: no removal
n<v commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
MCPT reliable pla«> to borrow on diamonds.
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
richest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy tfrm? : no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
;>arty; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldp.. 301 Jones.
MOJEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates "which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you Still lose,
their friendship; do busin-ess with strangers
and you will tee better satisfied; bo delavT"no
publicity. Rooai 9 and' 10. -90S Market st
IF YOUR PROPERTY V ¦- - ¦• : '; : *
- IS: MORTGAGED
. and you need more money, see HL* MURPHY,
no Market s*. Loans on estates In probate"
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc. •. ' ¦ .
ANY proposition, any! amount; 6 per cent; first
• second mortgages, estates - in, probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortpapes and securities. RoGnt 1<», 1st floor.
Chronicle building.;. HALLQRAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at £%; first, 2d and 3d raort-
prace:?, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortsrajros and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get tar terms TK-fore doing business else-
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY ¦¦ rerpeciable. private place to obtain
liberal advar-^s on diamondis. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store.. S4« Market
rt.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
erick $tl Deane' of San Francisco and Sulvia
- Grace T*dd of Eagles Cliff, England. -. ;
DICKEY— BO YD— In • this city, April 30, 1301,
by the Rev. Dr. John A.,B. Wilson, William
J. Dickey and Mafchisi Bbyd, both of Fresno,
Cal.
GREEN— COPE— In this cityr April 30, 1901, by
the Rev. Dr. - John ' A.* B. Wilson. Charles
Leslie t Green of Merced, Merced County,, and
Annla ' Burner Cope of : Lodi,' San Joaquln
- County. ,.¦ v ' - . : ¦ • :
JENNING— STUART— In this city, April "30,
,1901, at Hotel St. Nicholas, by the Rev. Peter
. D. Brady, pastor of St. John's "parish, Ro-
man Catholic Church,. Walter Brooks Jen-
nirig- of Washington, D. C, and Amy Dalton
Stuart of San Francisco. - -
DIED, """ ~~
Anson, Mary ¦ E.- ¦ Mills, James .
Arata, Maria •¦ Moody, William
Nettie Morris, Abbie
' Boushey, Julius.M.D. Nelson, Oscar '
Braun, C. H. F. O'Toole. Mrs. . Minnie
Carter, William P. . Pfaff. Frank
English,' John F. \ Price, Rose A.
¦ Fitzpatrick, James ¦¦• . Schreiber, Matthew -
Gassmann, Emelie Smallnaan, Mary M.
.Goodman. Albert Smith. Chester W.M.
'- Hables, Adolph . Snook, George A.
Haydock, Thomas Stantcn, Ellen I. .
Howell. Josiah I Stevenson, Minnie .
Kronenberg, Barbara .Todt, Mtnna
MacCabe. Richard J. Wenzel, William
McArron.* Charles -Wright, Mrs. Salome
McConnell, Alexan<Jer Wynne, Jane :-.'•
j - McLeooi. Daniel J. Young, Thomas
ANSON— In this City. April 28, 1901, Mary E.,
wife of the late Henry S. Anson, and sister
of H. C. Wheeler of Glen Cove, L. I., aged
62 years and 7 days. - .
1C?" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Remains are at the parlors ,
of N. Gray & Co.. 641 Sacramento street. - "¦
ARATA— In this city, April ,30, 1901, Maria
Arata, beloved mother qf Giovanbatista. - An-
tonio, Paolo, Luigi, Giovanni and AgoStino
•.Arata, Mrs. Antonio" Cereghlno, Mrs. , Luigl
Lercari, Mrs>' Eugenia Bertoluccl. and the
late Mrs. Francesca Campodonlco; and sister
of Mrs. Andra Cuneo, a native of Italy, aged
78 years 1 month and 26 days. . -.
> tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
¦ dence,7 Bartol place. N. B.— At 9:30 o'clock
there .will be celebrated a requiem high mass
at Sts. Peter ' and Paul' 9 .. Church, corner
DuDont and Filbert streets, for the repose
of her soul. I Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ARNHEIM-In this city, April 29, 1901, Nettie,
. beloved wjf e of Abraham - Arnheim, - and sis-
ter of Mrs. Mattie Cheadle and George,
Frank and Charles Merril. a native of
• Maine, aged 26 years 5 months and 33 days.
(C3"FrierwJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3027 California street. Interment
Mountain . View Cemetery, Oakland, by j 11
o'clock boat. , creek route. - .
BOUSHEY— In this "city, April 29. 1301, Julias
Boushey, St. D., beloved husband of Mary A.
Boushey, and father of Homer A. and the
late.* Willtetjn . S. Boushey, a native of In-
5 dtana. V • ' «
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street,
Mission Masonic Temple, under the auspices
of Court Occidental No. 6676,' Ancient Order
of Foresters. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
- tery. "-¦*¦ »
BRAUN— In Oakland, April 30, 1901, C. H. V.
Braun, husband of Clarisee Braun, and
father of Frank A., Louis E. and Nathaniel
.H. Braun and Mrs. R. P. Bromley, a na-
. "tlve of Switzerland, aged 7d years 8 months
and 11 days. - J.
CARTER— In- the City and County Hospital.
April 30, .. 1901, William P. Carter, a native
of Tennessee, aged 57 years.
ENGLISH-Died AprU 23. 1901. John F., be-
loved husband of Wilhelmine English, father
of Charles F., John. F., George E., "Edgar
F., Ida and Alicd English, and brother of
C. F., B. "F.. M. F. and Rebecca F. English,
a native of Illinois, aged 58 years 7 months
and 5 days. - •
' E? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
t fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic TeniDle, 266S Mission street, .between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
-.auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and
A. IX. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers. -' '- ?,' ,'-i ,- : ".-:.-."•* .
FITZPATRICK— In this city, April 28. 1901.
James FItzpatrick, a native of .Ireland, aged
' 69 ,. years.
(ETFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
¦. fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the paFlorst
of "Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GASSMANN— In this city,. 'April 28, 1901, Eme-
lie Gassmann, beloved wife ef the late Jean
B. Gassmann, loving mother of Eugene Gass-
mann, Mrs. Cecile Camozzi and Mrs. Alice
Doassans, and mother-in-law of Mrs. Celine
. Gassmann; Mr. Joseph Camozzi and Mr. Jean
Doassans, a native of France, aged 60 years
' 2 months and 13 days. . , ¦ -
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at "1:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence. 466 Union street, thence • to French
"' Church ' of : Notre Dame des Victojrea. Bush
street, for services. Interment Mount -Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GOODMAN-In this city, April 29, 1*01, »Albert,
beloved son of Rachel and the late Simon
Goodman, and beloved brother .of Mrs*. Henry
Baf oni, Mrs. . Leon Lewin and Theodore and
Rose Goodman, a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 years and 10 months. ¦ . «- j
£7"Frlerids and acquaintances are res©ect»
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, at
the family residence. 1368 Geary sjtreet. In-
• terment private. In Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery,. - .-....' ¦ . ¦ — ,
HAYDOCK -In this city, April IS, 1901,
Thomas Haydock, beloved husband of ' the
late Jane Haydock, and uncle of Mrs.
Thomas- Quirk, a native of Liverpool, Eng-
land, aged 58 years 6 months and 3 days.
. (C?"Friends and acquaintances and members
of San Francisco Ship Caulkers' Association
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this, day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from
the parlors. of Craig & Cochran Company, 52
Mint avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. By order of the secretary.
GEORGE B. McCLELAX. President.
S. M. TAYLOR, Secretary, f
HOWELL— In this city, April 29, 1901, Josiah,
. beloved husband of Addie\Howell. and father
- of Josiah R. Howell and Mrs. L. L. Janes,
a native of England, aged 71 years 8 months
and 7 days. (Sacramento papers please copy.)
OCTThe funeral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), et 2 o'clock, at his
. late residence, 1814 Washington street. Inter-
ment private. . Please omit flowers.
HABLES— In .this city. April 30. 1901, Adolph
Hables, . beloved -husband of Pearl Hables,
and father of Sam, Minnie, Lesse, Hanna
Lily Hables, . a native of Austria, aged
48 years and 7 months. (San Jose papers
.please copy.)
' (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Wednesday), at 2:45 o'clock,, from 455 Teha-
. ma street, thence by \traln from Third and
Townsend streets. . . Please omit flowers.
KRONENBERG— In this city, April 29, 1901,
Barbara Kronenberg, beloved wife of Fred-
erick Kronenbers. beloved mother of Au-
gusta, Frederick, Herman and MollleKron-
¦ .enberg and Mrs. L. A. Hufschmidt, and sis^-
ter of Markus, Peter and Michael Schwab, a
¦ native of Baden. Germany, aged 54 years 1
month and 12 days.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend a requiem high mass,
which will be celebrated for the i repose of
j her soul to-morrow (Thursday), commencing
: at 10 o'clock, at St. Boniface's Church.
. Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and
' .'. Leavenworth streets. 'Interment private.
MacCABE— In this city. April 30, 1901, Rich-
ard J., beloved son of R. S. and Catharine
MacCabe, and brother "of -: Robert and Kate
~~ MacCabe, a native of ! San Francisco. . aged
2§ years ? and 9 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),, at 9 o'clock, from St. James
Church, . corner Twenty-third . and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebra ted for the repos& of his soul: Inter-
ment Mount ' Calvary Cemetery. ' • ' -
McARRON — In this city, > April 29. 1901.
Charles, dearly beloved • husband of Cathar-
ine E. McArron,, and father of Ella, Flor-
ence, Drummond, Norma, Stephanie ¦ Emma-
deane McArron, • Mrs. • Anna Mooney and Mrs.
Lilly Mooney of Napa County, aged 66 years
. 1- month and 29 days..
¦ icyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral of Charles
McArron this day (Wednesday). aflO o'clock,
, from 216 Twelfth street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
McCONNELL— In Oakland, April 29. 1901, Alex-
' ander, -beloved son of i Alexander and AgTias
McConnell, a native of San ¦ Francisco, aged
22 years 2 months and '4 days. ;
McLEOD— In this city, - April 30. 1901, Daniel
Jcs°ph, dearly. beloved and only son of Brid-
. g »t and the late Daniel McLeod, brother of
Mamie i McLeod, and stepbrother of Mrs. | B.
Fdwards Mrs.' P. Edwards and the late John
McKcnna;' a* native of San Francisco, aged
21 ¦ vears 9 ' months and 6 days.-' .;* , -'
I CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
i the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street. ¦ . ' -- . • '
I MILLS— In Oakland, April 30. 1901. James, be-
loved, husband of the late Catherine = Mills,
"and ¦ father-- of -/Mrs. S.» Corclla, Mrs. M.
Thornhili;* Thomas Mills and the. late Cath-
erine and James Mills, for thirty-five I years
nressman on the Bulletin, - Call and > Chronl-
' cle. a,'natlve of the^Iale of Man. aired 55
1C |cr Friends and ¦ acquaintances : are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from ...the .resl-
- ¦ dence ¦ of his brother-in-law, J,, . R. Andrews.
;'! HENRY J, GALLAGH ER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan&" Gallagher.) ':**.;
¦ DANIEL ' P. DONOVAN. Mgr. "
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
> - 20 Fifth st; .opposite Lincoln School. ;•
'¦¦\-: .."/Telephone South : 80. , , '• ¦¦¦" ¦-¦-. :. ¦:.,•
I.-'; AlcAVOY <fc CO.. |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
< - 1239 Market St., between Sth and 9th. - B
; , Telephone South 247. . - . • . Jj
I Eugene McGinn. .. McGINN BROS, r I
• • - Funeral" Directors and - Embalmers, B
;:.. ; .v .?.-¦ SI; EDDY; STREET. ; I
Telephone South, 252. "-.:... y, , 5. San Francisco.. I
' .No Connection With Any Other House.. |
(CTFrlends and acquaintancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday) morning, from her late residence.
- 705 Oek ¦ street, thence - to Sacred Heart
' Church. Fillmore and Fell streets, where a
solemn retiuiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. -Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
YOUNd— In Sausailto, April 29, 1901. Thomas
Youns, aged S9 years and 17 day«-
C?" Interment private. -
"~ C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wedne«day). at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 501 Ctement street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by the electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
WENZEL— In Oakland, April 3fl. 1901. William,
beloved son of the late Frederica and FreU
Wenzel, and brother ef Mrs. L. Adler. a na-
tive of Monterey, Cal., aged 63 years and 9
months.
WRIGHT— In this city. April 20, 19C1. Mrs.
Salome L., Wright, beloved wife of Newton
Wright, mother of Edward H. Herrlnger.
an<J Mrs. F. E. Daverkosen. and sister of
.WSlltam- Walt*, a native Philadelphia,
.aswl 51 years 4 months and 6 days.
[C7" Funeral this day (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from her lata residence. 168 Tenth
street. Interment private.
WYNNE— In this city, April 30, 1901, Jane, be-
• loved sister of Nicholas, and aunt of Charles
; Wynr»e, a native of County Monaghan. Ire-
land, aged 83 years and S months.
B3"Funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'elock, from his late residence. 1719 Clay
' street, under the auspices of California
Lodge. N6; 1, F. and A. M. And members of
Bohemian Council. A. L. of -H*.. and San
Francisco Lodge No. 4. A. O. U. W., cor-
, dially Invited.
SNOOK— In this city. April 12, 1901, George
Anstey Snook, a native of New York City,
aged 70 years 5 months and 3 days.
C? Funeral services " took place Sunday
morning, April 2S, 1901.
STANTON — A solemn refluiem month's mind
mass will be celebrated to-morrow , (Thurs-
• . day>, at S o'clock, at St. Dominic's Church,
for the renose of the soul of the late Ellen
Irene, beloved wife of Frank J. Stanton.
Friends are respectfully invited to attend.
STEVENSON— In this city. April SO. 1S01. Min-
nie, beloved wife of Charles E. Stevenson,
mother of Alfred J. and Eva Stevenson, and
Sister-in-law of Thomas H. and Francis
Stevenson, a native of Ireland, aged 38 years.
(Detroit. Mich., | and Toronto. Canada, pa-
pers please copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at l:S0 o'clock, from 'the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 403
Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriages. ¦
TODT— In this city, April 29. 1901. Minna
Todt, beloved mother of Frankle and Mar-
garet Todt, and. sister of Mrs. F. M. Lorena,
Mrs. . Ausruai Walz and Louis Bronsert. a
native of Germany, aged 46 years.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th9 funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from hei late
residence, 341 ChapulteDec. street. Bernal
Heights, thence to St.' John's Church, form-
erly Old St. Mary's College, 1 where a raquiem
. hlgrh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SCHREIBER— In the City a"hd County Hospi-
tal. April 30, 1901, Matthew Schrelber. a na-
• tlve of Germany, aged 55 years. • " ¦. "
SMALLMAN— In Oakland. April 29. 1901. at 403
.Kast Fourteenth .street, Mary M.. wife of
James K. Smaliman. and mother of Mrs.
Frank S. French, a native of Ohio.
SMITH— April 30. 1901. Chester W. M. Smith,
beloved husband of CeHa A. Smith, and
— father of the late Mary A. and Harry Q.
Smith, aged 71 years 1 month and IS days.
CJf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 8 o'elock, at - St-
Rose's Church,. Ban ta Rosa. Interment Cath->
- olic Cemetery.
PFAFF— In this city, Frank Pfaff. a native ot
San Francisco, azed 37 years 9 months anil
20 days.
|£7Funeral . and interment private. Ita-
- mains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co..
.•1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. ,
PRICE— In this city, April 29, 1901. Rose Ann.
beloved wife of the late Thomas Price,
mother of James Price, and grandmother o,f
Rose, James, George and Lester Price, a na^
tive of County Longford. Ireland, aged 60
years. ; , :
EFFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Zion A. M.
; E. Church, .Stockton street.' near j Clay. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital.
• April 29. 1501. Oscar Nelson, a native Of
Illinois, a?ed 23 years. : ... . . -
O'TOOLE— In Santa Rosa, April 29. 1901. Mrs.
Minnie A. O'Toole. dearly-beloved wife of
James J. O'Toole, mother of James L.
' O'Toole, sister of Mrs. Guy T. Jackson, and
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Hession.
a native of California, ' aged 32 years 3
months and 51 days. ¦•'.«- '
IpPInterment private.
MORRIS— In this city, April 28, 1901, Abbie
Morria, beloved mother ot Mrs. Lizzie Lowe
. and 'Peter.- Nat and Walter Morris, and
grandmother of Mrs. A. Tingle* and Mrs. H.
¦ : Foster, a native of New York, aged 74 years
2- months and 6 days. "
514 Twenty-fourth . street." thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his- soul,, commencing .at 10 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery.
MOODY— In Redwood City. April 23; 1901. Wil-
liam Moody, late a resident of, San Fran-
ciseo. . .
OIL.The announced intention of the City
Treasurer not to pay the salary de
mand of the four copyists recently ap
pointed by Recorded Godchazix until he
had received advice from the City Attor
ney missed fire yesterday in the case of
one of the copyists. Laurence J. Brannan
presented himself at Deputy Treasurer
Rels 1 window and his demand was paid
¦"ot-hcut any comment by Reis. The de
mand was signed by the Auditor, who con
tends that the appointments of Brannan
ai:«l the three other copyists are legal
Reis discovered his. mistake shortly after
Irving Brannan and be took good care
not to pay the other. thres copyists whose
tenure is in doubt. ¦ .....
One Copyist. Gets His Salary.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Hattie C. Yates from Homer
Tates for habitual intemperance; Marie E.
De\ine from James Dertne for extreme
cruelty, and Elizabeth Cunningham from
Michael Cursningham for willful neglect-
Suits for divorce have been tiled by Emil
J. Becker against Elsie I. Becker for in
temperance; Jacob Roth against Rosie
Roth for desert'on; Catherine R. Kennedy
against William J. Kennedy for desertion;
Grace H. Powell against Clay H.' Powell
• for failure to provide: Matthias Ault
* ag&ir.st Mollie Ault for intemperance;
Mary Havelock against William C Have
lock for cruelty, and Leonard H. Heyne
mann against Ji»nny Heynemann for de
sertion.
In the Divorce Court.
AUDITOR BEFUSES TO
.-. SIGN BAIL OBDEHS
His Attorney Advises That He Has
Nothing to Do With the
Demands. .
Auditor wells received an opinion yes
terday frejjM his legal adviser, Reuben H.
Lloyd, In which the latter advises him
that deiaandB for bail moneys should not
go through, his office. In accordance with
the opinion Wells states that he will not
audit,. such demands. The result will be
That thousands of dollars will remain tied
up in the city treasury until such time
as mandamus proceedings are brought by
.some interested depositor.
In his opinion Mr. Lloyd dissents from
that filed by City Attorney Lane, who held
that demands for bail moneys must pass
through the Auditor's hands. The opin
ion reviews the creation by the charter of
a special fund in which are placed all
moneys paid into court and deposited with
the Treasurer or County Clerk, and these
are held to be subject to the order of the
court alone. The opinion gays:
I regret I cannot concur with the opinion
cf the City and County Attorney. 1*1x1011 holds
It is your, duty to audit all demands upon the
Treasurer, including therein special deposits
of bail money. It appears to m«, in 'speaking
of '-demands," thai the charter clearly means
demands upon money belonging to . the city
and county and demands aratast the t.-ity and
county on money said into ths city and
county treasury fcr the use or beoeSt or to be
disposed of by the city and county. Bail jnoney,
when ceDcsited in the treasury, does not be
long to the city ¦and county, nor is it disposed
of by the city and county; it is only upon the
happening of some future continsBtjcy - that
the city may be Interested therein.
The ccurt must pass upon whether cr not the
fcail has been forfeited and then— and not .till
then — has the depositor lost his title, to it.
The charter gives the Police Judges of ; thin
city the same poirer that the State law gives
to Justices of the Peace, and these regutate
fines and have a right to declare Uail money
The twelve counties f embraced in the
membership of the* Sacramento - Valley
Development Association are engaged in
ascertaining whether they will go. on for
another year. The probability is that they
will continue to keep together for the good
of all. So says F. E. Wright, who repre
sents the- association in this city at the
headquarters of the State Board of
Trade. Still the proposition before the
several counties of the Sacramento Valley
is sufficiently interesting to ¦ attract the
attention of the counties in other parts of
the State that have been organized to mUr
tually advance the common interest. Last
year, according: to Mr. "Wright, the several
Sacramento Valley counties contributed'
equally to carry on the valuable work of
making the valley known, to the world, as
much as possible. This year a different
basis has been :ecommen4ed by a commit
tee consisting of J. O. Coleman. F. B.
Wright and W. S. Green. It has been
concluded to ask for contributions In ac
cordance with the assessed valuations of
the respective counties. For instance.
Sacramento County will be asked to con
tribute $S55 €6. while Ycba County will he
asked for only $137 S2 as its share of the
annual expense of keeping up the associ
ation. The basis proposed is 2^ cents on
each $1000 assessed valuation. • • . ..
The existence of the association depends
only on the raising of $3500. Upon raising
that sum depends the work of attracting
the attention of Eastern visitors to Ss-n
Francisco and to the northern counties,
through the agency of the representative
kept at the State Board of Trade offices.
Mr. Wright says that the man who !s as
sessed to be worth $1000 will be asked
practically for a postage stamp, while the
one assessed for $10,000 will have only to
contribute two bits. What will he done
<-annot be known until the matter comes
hefore the Supervisors of the twelve
northern counties. The Sacramento Val
ley counties pioneered the way In keeping
sn agent constantly at the State Board of
Tra.de for the purpose of supplying in
formation to inquirers, and still holds that
field of advantage alone.
Wright Says Exploitation
Work May Continue
Next Year.
Valley Association Gets
New Assessment
Proposal,
COUNTIES FACE
MONEY PROBLEM
THE trust clause In the will at the
late James G. Fair was yesterday
declared Invalid by a majority of
the Supreme Court Justices sit
¦ ting in bank, with the result that
the estate of the dead millionaire will now
pas=s into the hands of his three children,
Theresa. Virginia, and Charles. «
The Supreme Court reverses itself on its
previous decision in the case, owiue: to
JuFtice Henshaw admitting that he was
In error when he upheld the view that the
trust clause of the will was a valid one.
When James G. Fair died his estate was
valued at $15,000,000. while it is to-day es
timated to be worth $20,000,000. . The deci
sion of the Supreme Court thus gives Mrs.
Herman Oelrichs. Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt
and Charles L. Fair fortunes amounting
to almost 5?.000,000 each.
The will of James G. Fair, when offered
for- probate by Angus, Crothers and
Goodfellow. tne -executors and trustees,
vac opposed by Charles L. Fair, the son
of the dead mining magnate. By a .spe
cial clause in the will it provided that any
of the legatees who contested the | will
should be cut off from any benefit in the
estate, his or her share to go to the other
legatees and beneficiaries.
Charles L. Fair fought, his father's .will,
despite. the fact that disinheritance, might
be his lot in the fight. His sisters, how
ever, joined issue with him by a -private
arrangement, and if Charles L. Fair had
been worsted in the fight for his father's
many millions he would have been pro
vided for by Mrs. Oelrichs and Mrs. Van
derbilt.
Charles L. Fair had two good grounds
for contesting his father's will. With his
two sisters he was only to receive the
income of the vast estate left by James
G. Fair. The estate was practically left
in the hands of Angus, Crothers and
Goodfellow. the trustees, and Charles L.
Fair's children, if any, were in no case to
The contention of 'the trustees that
James G. Fair really intended that his
children should have a "devise" in the
estate is dealt within very plain lan-
As to Intended Bevisel
But counsel ! for appellant contend that al
though the trust to convey be held void still
the will, upon various suggested theories, ought
to be construed as devising estates in remain
der to persons of the designated classes.
The case would have been different if there
had been an independent devise followed by a
direction- to the trustee, to convey to the dev
isees; in that case the words of. devise would
have created an estate, . and . the conveyance
would have been unnecessary, except perhaps
as convenient and additional evidence of title.
The Justices then explain' the provisions
of the Civil Code, which expressly forbid
the formation of a trust, -as in trie Fair
will, and many - decisions - are quoted to
show that the Fair trust is illegal. - •-
To explain this contention the decision
further says: / • ,
In determining whether or not the trusts de
clared in the fifteenth clause are valid the
primary . and most important consideration • is
that an express trust to convey real property
to beneficiaries is not lawful under the stat
utes of this State, but is, by such statutes,
forbidden. .
"Dees clause 15 of the will create an ab
solute trust or does It create only a power
in trust? Did James G. Fair vest his es
tate in the three trustees' or did he intend
that they should simply be trustees to
convey the property to the heirs of the
dead man?" .
The majority of the Justices, in spite of
their decision, believe that James G. Fair
did absolutely and positively intend that
the estate should pass .to the trustees and
that he made no "devise" to his heirs or
to any beneficiaries. After quoting the
famous "trdst clause" of the will the de
cision at once comes to the real issue by
saying:
Yesterday Justice Henshaw joined the
former minority, thus giving the estate of
James G. Fair to his heirs. .
The principal points discussed in the de
cision were as follows:
Judge Slack, in the Superior Court, de
clared the trust created by the will to be
invalid. The Supreme Court on appeal
four months ago reversed Judge Slack
and held that the trust clause was a valid
one.- At that time the Justices in favor of
the trust clause were Henshaw, Harrison,
Temple and Chief Justice Beatty, Jus
tices Garoutte. Van Dyke and McFarland
holding that the trust was invalid. A re
hearing was then granted.
"*_ j . : *
LATE SENATOR FAIR AND
THE CHILDREN WHO IN
HERIT HIS ESTATE.
v — ¦ ¦ : —4.
receive a single cent from the vast prop
erty. .
Reversed Slack Four Months Ago.
The Supreme Court . yester
day handed down a decision
awarding the estate of the late
Senator James G. Fair to his
thres. children *and declaring
the famous "trust clause" in
valid. In a decision given four
months ago the Supreme Court,
by a vote of four to three, up- •
held the trust clause and re
versed the .decision of Judge
Slack of the Superior Court. A
rehearing was granted to the
children of the late Senator.
The decision whereby the court
reverses itself was made pos
sible by Justice Henshaw ad
mitting that he was in error
in his former opinion.
}, Men's : suits made to order, Jl* week.
Smith Tailoring Co., 12S Ellis street. •
OSCAR HEINROTH'S BENEFIT.-The per
formance for the benefit of Oscar Heinroth at
the First Regiment Armory last night was
very successful. A clever programme was ren
dered by. Frank W.-.Healy. Miss H.- Hansen.
Kelly • and Marlowe, • J. ¦ M. . Glennan, - Lloyd
Spencer, • H. Auerbach,- Misa M. Gltcbell." C.
"W. Betts and Frank Scully. •
OAKLAND,. April SO.— The Building
Trades Council compromised the strike
on the; new free library buildingr to-night
by 'consenting to call the strike off on con
dition "that Superintendent Hagar join the
Carpenters' Union. This Hagar promptly
acceded to and the men were ordered to
go to work in the morning. The council
announced that their action was taken
out of deference , to the board of library
trustees, who appeared before them and
requested that the work be no longer de
layed.
Library Building Strike Ended.
George Nelson, a stevedore engaged in
pvork on the steamer Peru at the Fre
mont-street "wharf, fell' through an open
hatchway last night into the hold of the
vessel. He sustained a number of severe
injuries, including a contusion of the left
shoulder, a concussion of the brain, with
a possible fracture of the skull and severe
internal injuries. He is 53 years of age
and lives on Duncan street. He has a
large family dependent on him for sup
port. " . .
Stevedore Injured.
Nowthat the estate of James G. Fair
will pass to his children, they will also
Inherit the claim ' of ¦ Mrs. ¦ Nettie Craven'
that she is the widow, of the dead mining
millionaire. . , s •„ . *
Attorney. Ruef stated last night that he
¦was not prepared to, say -what the plans
of Mrs. Craven's ¦ attorneys would be, -but
that- he 'thoug-ht; his .client's legal position
was vastly 1 1mproved by the ¦; decision- of
yesterday. ; He ] explained ' this , by • stating
that the chlldren'of James G.'i Fair. would
be more likely to effect a compromise with
Mrs. J Craven than the trustees might have
done, : f qr '. the ¦ reason that ¦ they,* the I chil
dren of ; the ;¦ late Senator Fair, would ¦ be
most i anxious . to '¦¦ clear, the ¦; titles ' of . the
A-ast estate ! and ; secure a speedy division'
of it: - .... / ; . ¦¦ .. _ .
'' Justices Harrison and Temple, together
with Chief .Justice Beatty; filed special
dissenting, opinions, similar In -detail "to
those they wrote at the previous hearing
of the famous will case. '
"The error of this opinion came from a failure
to give due recognition to the fact emphasized .
and demonstrated upon the last argument, that
only in those cases where a trust to convey la
valid, or in those cases like ; New York, where
its purpose : is effectuated by an enabling
statute as ¦ a power , in - trust. Has this rule or
doctrine - ever . been , declared. The Legislature
has t prohibited a . trust ..- to convey.- It has de
clared : such ' a trust to be void. It has forbid
den the separation of the equitable from the le
gal interest by this . mode. - and a court can' no
more say. that ¦ the equitable estate under such
a 'void trust -passes to the beneficiaries than it
can say that the legal estate passes. to the
trustees.- -Such, I think, is -the unanswerable
argument . in every - Jurisdiction where, as with
us, ¦ a " trust ¦ to ¦ convey is prohibited and de
clared void, by express law. f •¦
Justice Henshaw wrote a special concur
ring opinion, in which he gives his reasons
for changing his, views as to the validity
of the trust will. He explains that in his
previous opinion he had no doubt of . the
intention of the testator to create a "trust
to convey," and that the provisions of the
will could be sustained. He adds:
i The decision was written by Justice G&
routte and concurred in' by Justices Van
Dyke arid McFarland.- .
.The. picnic in' the Santa. Cruz : Moun
tains ito have been held to-day by Cathe
dral Council, T. M. I., J has' been post
poned on account -of the rain.- It will
be held at a date to be announced later.
to- transfer, and convey to certain of his kin
dred: that -his intention to so place the fee
stands out -plainly from the. face of the entire
will : ; that no contrary intention whatever ap
pears therefrom, and that the will 'must fall by
reason of this prohibited trust. ' We are mor»
satisfied with this result, when It is considered
that a contrary conclusion would perpetuate a
trust of this .vast estate, probably for a period
of fifty years or more, and- also result in a dis
inheritance of 'Fair's children. Notwithstand
ing a man has a right under the law to make
a will, still the law is not kindly disposed to
either of these things, • and, if this were, a
closely balanced case, these threatened results
would furnish reasons for a decision the other
way. \ ¦ , ¦ ¦ . ¦ . ' ¦_ - '. . ¦'•_;.,:
Hienshaw Explains Change of .View.
Cathedral Council Picnic.
Send to the office of the Southern Pa
cific Company, G13 -Market .street, San
Francisco, for one of the new topograph
ical maps of • the Yosemite Valley. '
Julia Gougaliski, the notorious house
thief, and Francisco Gordello, an accom
plice, who were arrested In Los Angeles
some time ago, were brought up from
there last night by Detective George Mc-
Mahon and - lodged" in the City Prison.
The 'couple are suspected of having rob
bed several houses in the Mission. They
will be charged to-day. '
Woman Criminal Brought Back.
The most charming effects In natural
wood moldings In the dull Flemish and
polished finishes. Many new things in
mat boards recently added. Tiny blacks,
grays, greens, mahogany and gilt mold
ings used for framing small pictures pro
duce beautiful gems for wall decorations
at very reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Good Effects in Framing.
Owing to an unfortunate error, the
statement -was made in The Call yester
day that Mrs. Mary Atkins Lynch, -th«
founder of Benicia. College, the first
school established for women on this
coast, would speak "at the celebration of
founders' day at Mills College, Alameda,
on Saturday next. , _ '
The publication in question in The Call
•was based on a circular sent out by the
faculty of the college and nothing in
the information sent out. showed that
Mrs. Atkins died some years ago. The
wording of the circular was such that
it was to be inferred that Mrs. Atkins
Lynch was- still living and, owing to the
lateness of the hoQr when the circular
reached The Call editorial rooms, it was
impossible to make special inquiry on
the subject. -
Mills College Alumnae to Meet.
At a meeting of the Dewey Monument
General Committee, which was held yes
terday, it was decided to return all the
designs and models which had been of
fered for consideration and to commence
all over again on entirely different lines.
Of ali the designs which were offered by
Eastern" sculptors and the models offered
by the local talent but one approached the
requirements of the committee. It was
furnished by Sculptor Brewster of New-
York. "When, ho was called upon to elab
orate his designs, the enlarged produc*
tion did not meet with favor." Hence the
present decision:
The committee will not call for any more
designs, but has commissioned Newton J.
Thorp, a local architect, to construct a
monument In accordance with plans which
it will furnish. When the architectural
feature of the monument has been com
pleted local sculptors will be chosen ' to
complete the decorations. Each sculptor
will be allowed to furnish that portion of
the work which he is best capable of pro
ducing.
The committee desires to have erected a
monument not to exceed $35,000 in cost and
to have a column effect. At the base are
to be four buttresses supporting figures of
heroic size, one of which is to be a Cali
fornia bear, emblematic of the State. It
will be .surmounted by a feminine figure,
representing Victory and will have bronze
tablets, illustrating the victory at Manila
Bay. The Park Commissioners have
granted permission to have the monument
erected in. Union Square. Work will be
commenced immediately.
It is hoped to have the work so far ad
vanced when President McKlnley arrives
in the State that he may be invited to re
move the first spadeful of earth for the
foundation. ' ' •
At the meeting yesterday the Park Com-
mlssioner* wer© represented by Reuben H.
Lloyd and John A. Stanton. while the
members of the general committee who
were present were: Mayor Phelan. Colo
nel Murphy, Charles Hlrsch, Mr. Stafford
and Captain: Fletcher.
LOCAL ARCHITECT IS TO BUILD
MONUMENT IN HONOR OF DEWEY
. Grand Exalted Ruler Jerome ¦ B. Fisher
of the ¦ Benevolent ; and Protective Order
of Elks arrived yesterday from Hono
lulu, accompanied by his wife. While
down in the islands he instituted a lodge
of Elks. 133 members being initiated. This
is -the first lodge of this order that has
ever been formed or allowed a j charter
from the grand lodge, outside of this
continent. Exalted Ruler Fisher, who is
a County Judge of Jamestown, N. Y.,
will leave in a few days for' the East
over the northern route.
Forms Elks'. Lodge in Honolulu.
¦ The general policy of the law is against the
tying up of . property, and keeping it for long
periods dut of -the current 1 of alienation and
apart , from . ordinary ¦'• business . purposes. :.' The
rights of the legalhelrs to whom the law'glves
property, in case, of -intestacy are entitled to
some consideration. . " . •
v The ; court -holds that Judge Slack -was
right . in deciding that the . invalid trust
to convey carries with 1 it the otherwise
valid trust for the lives of the testator's
children, and 'that therefore the whole
trust fails. It also holds that it was the
manifest intention of James G. Fair that
none of his property should go to either
of his children, or to any other persons
as heirs -. at law. It holds that he Intend
ed,'through, the devise to the trustees and
anticipated conveyance by, them, to dis
pose of the temporary income of the es
tate to his children during their lives.
In ' closing the decision, the : court rules
that the very terms of the "trust clause"
positively vest the estate in the trustees"
and that tho children ¦ of /James G. -Fair
could not : secure- possession of the prop
erty except by the "route provided in the
will.y.. The decision continues:
If , you eliminate the 'words '.'transfer and
convey" from the will.; then the . beneficiaries
named would not take the estate at all," for the
heirs : of • Fair would - be ¦ entitled to inherit- it
Hence', : the , Interest of the • beneficiaries i in the
estate can! only come j to them through the
wonls "transfer and convey''; and; if the bene
ficiaries are to- take i. the fee : and. take it only
, through the; medium of, those words," the trus
tees must have the fee vested in them in order
that - they may -transfer and convey it:*- The
will demands that they, shall transfer and con
vey * to • the • beneficiaries: that, is,'; make I a con
.veyance; of : the . property to , them : that . is, '. vest
nthe title of 5 the property, in them- by a"convey>
ance... : The ! court -.- concludes ; that- tho ' fee >,to
Kalr'a property, was cast In the trustees in trust
¦:. ¦¦"¦¦. .;¦-•.• : ¦ ¦¦• :¦;'"•: -•¦ •• s ¦¦
Tying Up Property Discouraged.
The comment of counsel for the trus
tees on a large number of New York de
cisions on trusts brings forth. the follow
ing caustic remark from the Justices in
their decision: ¦
In these cases, the examples of former writ
ers on uses, trusts, powers and estates are
followed. The writers were wont , to Indulge
very fully in abstruse learning and | to use
language of rather an Indefinite and ambigu
ous character— somewhat after the methods of
the metaphysicians.
The claim of the trustees that though
the "trust to convey" be void under the
laws yet it should le considered merely
iis a. use executed by the English statute
of uses, as laid dow.. In the time of Henry
VIII, vol. 27. chap. 10. is treated by the
Supreme Court at considerable length.
The Justices enter into the history of the
foundation of the United States, where
many of the laws of England were adopt
ed by the new . colonies. The decision of
Norrls vs. Norris, 5 Cal.. 253. laid down
the rule that there is no presumption that
the' common law itself exists except • as
expressly declared by the constitutions
and statutes of such States. Continuing
the Justices in their decision say:
Such. common law .'prevails only as far as it
Is not repugnant -to or inconsistent with the
constitution or laws of this State.
Then quoting the sections of the Civil
Code of California which do not agree
with thA. English law on uses the de
cision says: \ ;
Indeed, 1 the I English statute of uses is re
pugnant .to our whole system of conveyances,
which is elmple in form, and inconsistent with
the purposes of our system of registry. .
.•The contention of the trustees that,
though the trust to convey be void, it may
be held good as a "power in trust to con
vey"-.is declared- by the' Supreme Court
to be untenable. -The* decision states that,
though- the New York statutes provide
for a power of: trust to convey, yet the
code of this "State makes no such provi
sion. Decisions are then quoted, from tho
American. and English laws on this sub
ject as. to the "effect 'of such a contention
being held' valid in the Fair case. Contin
uing,, the decision says: •
It may . be remarked, ? generally, that while
a man's' power to say to whom his land shall
go when he dies is a proper and. valuable
property right, still there Is' no rule of law or
public policy which: calls upon a court, to be
diligent to discover . some way to make good
a man's ¦ forbidden,- scheme ' to . determine who
shall have his property fifty . years after his
death.,- - ' ¦ ' . .
Back to Tims of Henry VIII.
guage. The decision on this point says:
Of course, the precise,*' technical -word "de
vise" Is not necessary— any other word or lan
guage, expressive of the same action or design
would be sufficient— but in this will there is
no such language. There is no language what
ever upon the subject other than the direction
to transfer and convey; and to eliminate these
words would be to leave the estate, after the
death of all the decedent's, children, ¦ entirely
undisposed of. • .
Concerning the point raised by the. trus
tees that the intention of the testator
must prevail the decision says that the
rule cannot be applied in the Fair case
for the reason that the rule always in
cludes the proposition that the intention
must be found in the will itself.- '
' The Justices declare that where the tes
tator has clearly, expressed one intention
the court cannot impute to him 'another;
that the intention which clearly appears
must be lawful, and that the court can, in
no Instance, make for the testator a new
will. Continuing the decision says: •
Now jn'the case- at bar', It" is perfectly clear,
beyond even a reasonable ¦. doubt, that the. tes-.
tutor . did not intend to devise estates in re-"
mainder to persons of the ' named classes, but
intended to devise' the whole fee to his trus
tees upon- trusts- to convey, after the expiration
of a probably very long period of tifne. to those
persons, so that V»e latter would receive new
estates created .by the conveyances. There is
no room here for any construction based upon
an apparent cr presumed unskillfulness, ig
norance or negligence of the testator: the will
Is in apt legal phraseology; and his intentions
are clearly and accurately expressed. -
Pacific Heights School Pupils and
Their Friends Will Make Iterry
Indoors To-Day. -.~\
The Mayday picnic at Glen Park for the
benefit. of the, teachers' annuity fund has
been postponed to Saturday on account of
the " rain. The arrangements will hold
good for the Saturday picnic and tho pro
gramme announced for to-day will be car
ried out in full at that time.
The parents and friends of the pupils of
the Pacific Heights School had provided
a bountiful supply of good things to eat.
and the Board of Education has granted
permission for pupils and friends to have
an indoor picnic at the school building on
Jackion street, near Webster, to-day from
11 a. m. to 6 p. m. Various articles orig
inally designed for the Glen Park picnic
will be on sale, and such adjuncts as the
grab-bag will be in operation.
•MAYDAY PICNIC AT
GUKN PARK POSTPONED
1 he restaurant. proprietors met a short
distance away and decided that - they
would not stand for the increase in wages
demanded. Delegates . Sanders . and Mac
kenzie espoused' the cause of the waiters
and waitresses. As. the matter stands at
present, there" will be another walkout
this morning, -when the night and day
watches change. - Who is to supply the
needed ¦ help is now the question that the
restaurant-keepers will have to settle.
Chief of Police Sullivan and Captain
Wittman attended the meeting of the res
taurant-keepers and' promised ample po
lice protection. Hungry men and women
are assured of a. -breakfast at least, but
the noonday lunch, will probably have to
be taken at other than the usual places.
Both sides seem determined to carry out
the different policies, outlined.
The restaurant-keepers have established,
headquarters, at 127 Mason street, and
everybody who comes along with ability
to carry a pile of plate? on one arm is as
sured of an engagement. The cooks are
not. "out," but may sympathize with their
fellow workmen and join in.
It is said that those who had espoused
the cause of the waiters will feel the iron
hand* of the boycott. in a business way.
Those who are engaged in supplying food
and other things have been aligned in the
cause of the restaurant-keepers.
Shortly after midnight waiters walked
out of the various restaurants along Mar
ket street, crowds gathering to see the
excitement. Police officers, detailed to
clear the streets, gave the late diner-out
a chance to go -hungry, or take the last
car ' home.
The waitresses met. at 102 O'Farrell
street, sang songs and resolved that .it
was better not to work than to work for
less : than the schedule o£ ' wages hereto
fore adopted. •
The waiters' strike is on. It commenced
at midnight. Two .meetings were held
last night. One was that of the women
who handle the plates; the other of the
restaurant-keepers. As neither side could
agree upon terms, a walkout was ordered.
Ironworkers and Shipfitters
Meet in Amicable Con
ference. ¦
Walk Out. at. Midnight
and • Promenade the
;|
WAITERS THROW
ASIDE APRONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO jcALL, : WED]SESDAY,; AlAf 1, 1901.
¦ ¦ . - : --XvV.V/ i i'".- ¦¦ ¦ - ..;.-,¦¦ --' -.-¦ "• ~ ' ',-¦"¦" :-¦¦¦¦¦ "¦ .:¦.¦; ¦; •
Famous' Trust Clause ¦ ; Declared-Invalid,VJustiGe :Menshaw- Chang
ing His Previous Opinion in Faybr; of Heirs, ; Who ' Secure the
. Possession of Property Estimated to Be Worth $2O,do6^G)OO
FAIR'S CHILiREN ARE AWARDED
THE ESTATE BY SURREME COURT
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ¦ 'Phone Howard 102L
§9 mSa A cfii «3 IH3 Ea K^ tSh|
hs Dw A «] E^ 1^1] W i^BWftfc n
G3 lay «• m En I pSJI djcSniPa E
U9 TAYLOR STREET.
ECONOMY PRICES
LJBBT'S DEVILED HAM. 3 Tina 10c-
FLOUR -ck k ! on ."" m . ns .- Co . .^ 69c
I L.UUII Makeg goodt whJte bread . UUU
Lowest price ever mentioned. Our reg-
ular 80c. Sale on all brands this week.
GHIRARDELLI'S CHOCOLATE, 24 C-
C0TT0LENEt>wrsjy£,?40c
wholesome. Regular 50c.
PURE MOLASSES. Quart Can IOc.
DICPIIITO Shredded whole If)-.
BISCUITS 5^ y .- u p r », se .......|2c
Bread.
MOTHER'S CRUSHED OATS, IOC pkg 5c
PIOTII C Soa P! French, genu- |O#»
CASTILE Sffi to »nss* 1 ss--fiavs- ™
Oil. Sold over 900 bars last sale. Direct
from maker in Marseilles, France.
D. & M. SHOE BLACKING. 10c size 5c.
nnrrrrJava and Mocha (br ok- rn.
uurrtt« n) 3 p° unds • OllC
Very popular money sav- ww **
er. Standing special.
SANTA CLARA PRUNES. 8 lbs 25c.
HORSE SH0Egsa£L££55c
old and reliable. You can judge and
sample at store before buying. Our usual
price. Why pay 90c elsewhere?
15c CARTOONS SODA CRACKERS, lOci
DIITTCD- Vcr y best pt - Reyes mi *%
nil 1 I tn or Humboldt, square..//' ft
uui li.ll Usual sJze strictly^ 1 2"
fresh.
10c CAKE RED SI SOAP FREE. ,
T0HGUE'*ssra«^-™20c
i " llwul " Awarded Gold Medal *•"«
Paris Exposition. '•' *
FANCY SALMON. 3 tins»25c
PINK BEANS, 8 lbs 25c-
SPECIAL PS.CES TO RESORTS— Fraigit Pr«p»id.
KSsSf same shape 5B»$Si
gggggipv TWO QUALITIES Jb^J
KSJfSidSfSn 1 GfflS^K&s
DRBKNULTY.
¦Hii
Special Sale
!H . ' . : of fine . - - HI;
This week we will have a special
sale of the following Fine Linen
Goods for household purposes:
Hand and Power Loom Table Damasks,
Fine. -Damask Dinner Sets, Plain and
Hemstitched Lunch Sets, Damask Nau-
kins, Damask and Huckalack Towels,
both Hemmed and Hemstitched} Rus-
sian, Irish and Scotch Towelinas, and
Glass Linens, Hand Embroidered Stand
Covers, Trau Cloths, Center Pieces, Tea
Cloths Pillow Shams, Bed. Sets and
Doulies, _____ .; \ -..-. ••• '
All the above Linens are from the best mak-
ers in Europe, and will be sold bu us
much less than the present value of the
goods, .. : ¦
We will also sell this week about 175 Dairs
Fine White Mission Blankets, for three-
auarter, full size and extra size beds?
prices $4.OO,S5 m 00 and'
. SG.OO pair, These blankets are
the balance of our winter stock, hence
the low prices. ..
ill 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
¦ . • ¦ --. }.
5^^^i'A»F A TO!liilT^® From Monday to Saturday— at every 1
flJKMmmmi^^^^S^^S tum in the kitchen work— a Wickless |
Uf '^^^^^^^W^^^^^a Blue Flame Oil: Stove will save labor, M
a^ v .'| ! j { nto 'y^^|^y time and expense— and keep th.e , cook m
ll l^itr llll' = \*&fer dF comfortable. No. bulky fuel to B
% Si i !l I P i riMESiw or car ry» no waiting for the fire to come B
ra B- ! f' '' ' ' % i up or die down; a fraction of the expense g
j? have them, write to nearest agency of HSSKS/P^^S^WSS^^^S^^^Sf/^HK
M . STANDARD OIL COMPANY S^ffl fe IP « 1^ lCl I f^M
ADVERTISEMENTS.