and articles commandeerea by the Boers
on commando, provided the signatures of
the officers who commandeered the goods
were forthcoming. He also offered to
grant loans on easy terms for rebuilding
and restocking farmsteads.
Botha Objects to Blacks.
"Moreover, : he agreed that children
should be instructed In . English or
Dutch at the discretion of their parents.
The Government undertook to make no
claim on church property or funds, or
upon hospitals or hospital funds or upon
private Investments. No burgher of
cither state was to be allowed to possess
a rifle except by special license. General
Botha was generally, in favor of - these
conditions, but he dissented strongly from
a proposal to give the full privilege of citi
zenship to properly domiciled and regis
tered blacks. He was also greatly con
cerned about the positon Jewish capital
ists would occupy in the country and was
tcld that Jews and Christians would en
joy equal rights, no distinction being made
in the matter of concessions."
Philip Botha Is Killed.
A special from Cape Town dated March
disputed points could be best settled by
Field Marshal von Waldersee as the com
mander in chief, and General Gaselee. the
British commander, was instructed to re
quest the field marshal to settle the im
mediate differences, reserving for future
examination the question of the validity
of the alleged private rights. General
Gaselee was also Instructed to refrain
from using force except to repel aggres
sion.
Questions of Title Reserved.
On March 20 the alleged removal of the
Russian boundary pillar occurred, and the
Government instructed the British Minis
ter at Peking. Sir Ernest Satow, that
Great Britain was ready to refer the facts
to Field' Marshal* von Walderaee. on the
understanding that if either side was
found to have committed an Irregularity
it should apologize to the other. The
Government added that the construction
of the siding should continue under what
ever conditions the field marshal thought
fit to impose. He (Lord Lansdowne) was
glad to say that he had heard this morn-
Ing from the British Embassador at St.
Petersburg that the Russian Foreign Min
ister. Count Lamsdorff, had proposed that'
they should agree to reserve all questions
of title and proprietary rights for the ex
amination of the two Governments, and
that In the meanwhile orders be forthwith
sent for the withdrawal of the troops of
both sides from the disputed. plats. Great
Britain had entirely concurred, and
thought the withdrawal should be carried
out to Field Marshal von Waldersee's sat
isfaction.
Relations Not Disturbed.
Lord Lansdowne added that Count
Lamsdorfl had expressed a very moderate
and very manly desire to avoid any
cause for friction between the two Gov
ernments, and since the receipt of Count
LamsdorfTs proposal the Government had
ordered the- military authorities to carry
out the simultaneous withdrawal of the
troops to the satisfaction of Field Mar
shal von Waldersee. so that there might
be no room for a renewed misunderstand
ing as to the matters of detail.
His Lordship expressed the hope that
the result of the negotiations over what
was really a very small matter of strictly
local importance would not be allowed to
disturb the relations between the two
countries.
The statement was received with cheers.
Lamsdorff. of February 5 and February 17
as applicable to any agreement in regard
to Manchuria oetween Russia and China.
Lord Cranborne, the Foreign Under Sec
retary, in the House of Commons to-day
assured ! Sir Ellis Ashmead-Bartlett that
the Government considered the statements
of the Russian Foreign Minister, Count
SIR ERNEST SATO"W, "WHO
AIDED IN ENDING STRIFE
AT TIENTSIN.
PUBLISH AIARMINQ NEWS.
Backing, Japan.
Berlin^ Newspapers % Say " England - Is
BERLIN, March 21.^-A number of news
papers ' to-night publi«m alarming news In
regard >to;[the"; situation- in^Chlna. ; ; Eng
land is said to The; backing up «.t Japan;
/which Is 'mobilizing her,' army, , and the
Russian fleet Is assembling at 'the Yalii
River."'' .'•-: ¦.-- ¦ '•¦ ."' -' .-- ¦'.-_- ; ¦:'.¦'.;'.". -..'"...¦';. .. ;,'
REBELS BURN VILLAGE
IN ILOCOS PROVINCE
Detachment of. Twentieth Infantry
Overtakes and Chastises the"^~~~.
Marauders.
MANILA. ' March 2L— Insurgents have
attacked and burned the ungarrlsoned vil
lage of Uigus, In the* province i of South
llocos. A detachment of -the": Twentieth
Infantry overtook and chastised \ the
marauders.
.- Colonel Schuyler of the . Forty-sixth In
fantry has captured eight Insurgent ?of
flcers and 218 men 'at the village " of , Ter
hate. ln'Cavite province. : .
• Generals : MacArthur, .Wheaton and
Bates reviewed trj© ,, Twenty-ninth ''¦: and
Thirty-second regiments' to-day. :
very weak from less of blood. Mrs. Nara
more was removed to the village • hotel,
and at a late hour to-night it was stated
that she would die.
During the evening a number of neigh
bors of the family saw and talked with
Mrs. Narajnore, and to them she told how
she killed her rlx children. She said she
took their lives In four different rooms,
and as fast as she killed one child the
body was placed on a bed. The children
were three boys and three girls. Ethel, 10
years of age. was the oldest. The ages of
Walter, Charlie, Chester Bessie and Lena
ranged from 8 years to 10 months, Lena
being the baby. .
Kills the Eldest First.
Mrs. Naramore told her most intimate
friends to-night that she first killed Ethel
and then followed with the five others,
each time taking the eldest. . Five were
killed by being struck on the head with
the back of an ax, and little Lena was
killed with a club. She says she fully ex
pected the gash In her throat would cause
her death and that when her husband re
turned at night he would find all of the
bodies In the two beds. She appeared ra
tional this evening and displayed signs
of Borrow for. toe deed she had commit
ted, although she was unable to give any
reaeon for killing the children. .
KILLS HIS THREE CHILDREN.
Fanner.
Brutal Deeds Committed by a Maine
CLINTON, Maine. March 2L— Jacob
Dearborn Marf, a farmer living ,-' eight
miles from this /village, killed his three
children. AliceM.,' aged; 13; Elwln, aged
9, and Helen, aged' 7, with "an ax shortly
after the family had. risen from the din
ner table to-day. Marr had been de
spondent for some time, but his actions
were not such as to make his wife believe
that he had any serious trouble to brood
over. The eldest daughter was washing
dishes at the sink when her father went by
her to the shed and got an ax. He came
back Into the kitchen and struck the girl
a single blow on the head, killing her.
Mrs. Marr saw this and ran screaming
tx> the house of her ¦ husband's father.
Samuel Marr. The , husband apparently
walked upstairs to where the younger
children were playing and dealt each a
single blow with the ax', killing
them both. When Marr Sr. came In the
younger Marr was washing his hands at
tho 6ink. He was asked why he had
done the deed and' he said, "I don't
know.".
Later In the day he was placed under
arrest and taken to Waterville. '
Crazed Parent Wields Ax and Club Upon Her Offspring and Then
Cuts Her Own Throat With a Razor.
COLDBROOK. Mass., March 2L— Mrs.
Uzzle Naramore. while In a fit of Insan
ity, to-day killed her six children at her
home, a farmhouse, a half-mile from this
village, and then tried to take her own
life. The children ranged from 10 years to
a. babe of 10 months, and their lives were
taken by the mother with an ax and a
club. Ehe laid the blood-drenched bodies
on the beds, two on one bed and the other
four on a bed in another room, and then
attempted to take her own life by cutting
her throat with a razor. "U'hen discovered
ehe was on the bed on which the bodies
of four children were lying. Although
6he cut a deep pafh In her throat and
suffered the loss of much blood It Is be
lieved she will recover.
Frank Naramore. the husband and
father, left his home at the usual hour
this morning to go to work at a sawmill,
and at that ume his wife did not act
etrangely.
Discovery of the Crime.
It Is supposed the crime was committed
shortly after noon. An employe of a gro
cery store ¦who visited the Naramore
house about 2:43 o'clock for the purpose
of delivering groceries that had been pre
viously ordered by Mrs. Naramore was
unable to get Into the house by the door,
end he looked in a window and noticed
blood on the floor, while Mrs. Xaramore
•was lying on a bed. He was surprised
also at the absence of the children, whom
he was accustomed to see playing In or
about the bouse. He returned to the vil
lage end told of what he had seen.
A party was made up and visited the
Naramore house, and the mutilated bodies
of the Blx children in two beds were
found. Mre. Nararaore was alive, but was
BAND OF ROBBERS DISPERSED.
German Troops Take Active Measures
Against Chinese Bandits. "
BERLIN, March 21.— The officer com
manding the German troops in Peking
cable».1o the War Office here that owing
to the complaints of the Inhabitants a
band of robbers, has been dispersed by
Captain Prelss with a squadron of cavalry
at a. village forty-eight kilometers west of
Paotirigfu. Seven of the robbers jvere
killed and wounded and the others were
imprisoned and handed over to the Chi
nese court for trial.
Major von Mulmann has started from
Paotingfu with three companies of infan
try, a squadron of cavalry, and a train of
mounted artillery for. a place to the east
ward,'of Taomakuan. He" Is proceeding
against a large band; of robbers. , ..'
CUDAHY : SUSPECT MAKES
CONFESSION TO SHERIFF
H. C. Henderson, Detained : in Jail
Since February, Says He Is
Guilty of Crime.
DALLAS, Tex., March 21.— Sheri.T.
Johnson .to-night mado this statement:
"H. C. Henderson this evening confessed
to me and County - Attorney Summers that
he Is one of : »he, Cudahy. kidnapers. ' Hia
confession was mad* voluntarily. "lie
stated ; that he } had ; 30 uandered and u*ed
in. fleeing from Omaha most of the money
he gotas his share In the kidnaping. Joo
before; I arrested 'him in this city aa a
euspect early In February."
LONDON, March 22.-The Daily
Chronicle, professing to be able to
give an outline of the negotiations
between Lord Kitchener and Gen
eral Botha, says: "The chief
obstacle to a settlement was Kitchener's
refusal to grant complete amnesty to the
leaders of the rebels in Cape Colony. He
offered Eelf-govcrnment on the lines of
„'--. rr ::.:<-; :t Immediately upon the cessation
of hostilities, with legislative bodies part
ly elected by the burghers. The Govern
rr ent agreed to provide £1,000.000 to fcom
pcriEate the Boers for property destroyed
SIX LITTLE CHILDREN ARE SLAIN BY THEIR
MOTHER AT MASSACHUSETTS FARMHOUSE
20 cays that Commandant Philip Botha
was killed in the recent fighting at Lyn
denburg.
A dispatch from Lord Kitchener dated
at Pretoria, March 20, eays:
"Philip Botha, a brother of the Boer
commander, was killed on the Dorneburg.
His two sons were wounded. The Boers
of the Orange River Colony have disband
ed and scattered. .Dewet is in the neigh
borhood' of Hellbron."
"It is reported here," says the Amster
dam correspondent of the Daily Mail,
"that a company of American volunteers,
mostly ¦ Bostonians, recently landed at
Kobl Bay, Tongaland, crossed Swaziland
and joined General Louis Botha."
Reported Execution of French.
An Antwerp special says: A rumor is in
circulation here, which is not generally
credited,- to the effeet . that the Boers,
after capturing,, then liberating and sub
sequently recapturing • General French,
finally executed him for not keeping a
promise not to fight against them again.
The Antwerp rumor of the execution of
General French by the Boers Is absolutely
discredited here.
CONFERENCE OF DIPLOMATS.
Representatives of Powers Differ on
the Subject of Indemnity.
' "WASHINGTON, March .-21.— A "number
of. foreign representatives: called at the
State Department to-day, all Interested In
China and all - keenly aroused over the
progress of the negotiations concerning
Indemnities.. Among. them was the Brit
ish Embassador, . Lord^ Pauncefote; the
Russian Ambassador, Count Cassini; the
German .Embassador," Dr. von Holleben;
the French Embassador, M. Jules Cam
bon; the Japanese Minister, Mr. Taka
hira; the Belgian Minister. Count Lich
tervelge. Each had separate and rather
long conferences with Secretary Hay.
The Russian view as to indemnities ap
pears to coincide with that of the United
States, being favorable to keeping the
amount down,tn a, sum which there is
some prospect.that China can pay, instead
of placing it so high that China's Inability
to pay will result In a territorial scram
ble. All of the foreign representatives
minimized the/trouble at Tientsin, and
it was not brought up in the conferences
with Mr. Hay, except by one of the con
tinental representatives, who pointed out
that the clash between the soldiers did
not refer to the trained soldiers of the
several powers, but to the native contin
gents from India and Cochln-China. .
\ The Idea of a gross indemnity of $200.
000,000 to be divided into eight parts does
rot seem to meet with approval in diplo
matic 'quarters, as it Is pointed out that
some countries have been put. to far more
expense than ; others, especially in the
matter of moving troops. It is felt by the
foreign representatives that there are spe
cial conditions which will ; interfere with
an equal sharing between all the powers.
TO WITHDRAW THEIR TROOPS.
Lansdowne -Announces , Agreement
Between England and Russia.
¦ LONDON. March -21.-»In the House of
Lords to-day_ tho Foreign Secretary, Lord
Lansdowne, announced that Russia arid
Great Britain had agreed to withdraw
their troops from the disputed territory at
Tientsin and reserve the question of title
and proprietary receipts for subsequent
examination.
Lord _ Lansdowne supplemented the an
nouncement by explaining that the dis
pute concerned an extensive area in the
left. bank of the Peiho River, which the
Russians . occupied in the autumn and
claimed by right of conquest. Subsequent
ly this Government was informed that
China and Russia had reached, an agree
ment placing the area under Russian oc
cupation. T,he, area, however, comprised
plats belonging to the Northern Chinese
Railroad, and was therefore part of the
security of the British bondholders.
Allies Need the Siding.
The line was part of the railroad re
cently transferred by. the Russians to
Field Marshal ; von Waldersee, who re
transferred it to the British. The necessi
ties of the allies required the construction
of a siding on one of the : plats referred
to. and the presence of British workers
on the ! plat, was treated as a trespass on
Russian \- territory. \ 1 1 .; was \ subsequently
alleged that the Russian boundary marks
had' been removed by/ the British: / In
those circumstances the" Government, on
March 16. telegraphed 'to Its representative
In China' that if thought the rights" of "the
British or' Russian troops - to ¦ occupy the
dies devout masses against the stu
dents, the intellectual movement and the
factory^ workmen.
The statement that students entered the
church smoking cigarettes, that a student
struck a priest and another student
caught the chief priest rudely by the arm,
are discredited by eye-witnesses.
Driven by Brutal Cossacks.
The fact is that the trouble occurred en
tirely outside the church' until the Cos
sacks pressed 300 persons Into the church
and fought them to the back wall." It is
also doubted that holy .water was used to
dress wounds. The students sent a church
servant expressly for other water. It Is
learned now that the police not only pre
pared for the event themselves, but made
previous arrangements at one of the hos
pitals for the anticipated wounded/They
also had carriages xeady In neighboring
courtyards.
Lectures will hardly be possible for the
remainder of the year at any of the higher
institutions. S-\ ? Vi
The participation ¦ of the factory hands
In the riots Is considered extremely grave,
so far as the future Is concerned.
It is understood that measures will be
taken Monday. to forestall the possible
marching of laboring men from the su
burbs to the center of the city.
r The Society of Russian Authors has
sent to all the Ministers a protest against
the conduct of the police and Cossacks.
Strike troubles have broken out In the
largest of the local Iron works.
.COMMANDANT PHILIP. igOTHA, . A;- BROTHER OF i-THE^CQUMAKDER-IN*
/'CHIEFOF THE BOER ."FORCES, WHO WAS KILLED IN A RECENT BAT
TLE WITH THE BRITISH TROOPS AT LTNDENBtRG.
rival of marines from Taku has had a re- 1
assuring effect .upon the community. The
plan to barricade 'the British" 'settlement
was much discussed yesterday, but has
not been carried out- ¦
PEKING, March 22, 2 a. m^— Count
P von Walflersee, General , Barrow
« and- aeneraPTnjgack^hiavc b"eehln
consultation, and General Wo
,'..!s% *-.j !gack has agreed to withdraw the
Iiussian troops i from the disputed ground
at Tientsin provided the British also with
draw. He' insisted, also upon a guarantee
that work on the railway siding should
not proceed until the" matter had -been
diplomatically adjusted. This proposal .
and stipulation was satisfactory to Gen
eral Barrow and was accepted by him.
Consequently the British" and- Russian
troops will be withdrawn at 5 o'clock this
(Friday) morning, thereby avoiding all
trouble 'at present.
Orders have been Issued that no British
officer shall leave or even "sleep out" at
night or go to dinner without furnishing
his address to the adjutant. The marines
will return to the ships. ' Admiral Sey
mour objects to any of the Australian
naval brigade, who volunteered, for ser
vice on the railway, remaining. The mili
tary authorities say he does not under
stand the situation, that his Interference
is uncalled for and that the Australian
marines are Just the' men needed.
The Russians have ordered a regiment
to proceed from Port Arthur to Tientsin.
The arrangements made by General Gal
loud, the French commander, are regard
ed as perfectly satisfactory, and all dan
ger of • trouble between the British and
Russians Is avoided. . ¦
FRENCH TROOPS MAKE TROUBLE
Likely to Get Beyond Control of Their
Officers at Tientsin.
Special Cable to The Call and New York R>r
aid. CopjTlKht. 1901, by the Herald Pub
. . lishtng Company. r
By Stephen Bonsai. / ,
TIENTSIN, March 21.— Altercations con
tinue here between the French and the
•British. An Indian officer of high rank
horsewhipped a French sergeant to-day.
The discipline of the French forces leaves
much to be desired. While the French
officers are evidently doing their best to
maintain discipline, it would not surprise
me to se'e the .French troops get beyond
control at any moment. Already I have
heard of French\soldiers hissing their own
officers, and: it is reported that some
French officers have been stoned In a mys
terious manner, the . missiles coming from
uritraceable quarters. Contingents of Cos
sacks are continually dribbling* In and .'the
Russians have now BOO men more than
they had here yesterday. .
.; Nothing has yet been heard of the ar
rival at the mouth of the river of expected
reinforcements from t Port Arthur and
Newchwang. On the "other hand, it is
reported and believed' here that the Brit
ish fleet Is collecting at Welhalwel: for
the purpose of making a navaldemonstra
tion against Port Arthur.
Contrary to expectations, the day passed
without serious conflict. The Russians,
with the help of between 300 and 400 cool
ies, are building a road along the river In
front of. their concessions.
"This morning the Russian working par
ties stopped- work on the riverside road
when they had reached' a point within
twenty feet of the British position.^ They
subsequently resumed construction of th6
road at a' point 400 yards farther, on.': The
danger of conflict has thus been obviated
for the present. '
It is understood " here that General
Campbell will make no ; reply to the : Rus
sian 1 demand for withdrawal and apology.
The New South -.Wales brigade came froin
Peking 1 to-day for the ,purpose\of : rein
forcing the .Victorian contingent in guard-'
ing the British settlement. ~' ,
v The presence of these troops and the ar-'
Boer Commander-iivChief Demands Greater Concessions
Than the British Are Ready to Grant—Commandant
Philip Botha Killed in Recent Battle at Lyndenburg
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLOGNE, March 21.— The Kolnlsche
Volks Zeitung prints; advices - from Str
Petersburg declaring that the, police who
are entrusted with the safety of the Czar
do not quite trust all the members of the
imperial household. , Mechanism" attached
to the doors of his Majesty's bedroom
study has lately been altered so that
only two or three persons know how to
open the doors from the outside. /The
study Is provided with five writing. tables,
which the Czar uses indiscriminately, so
nobody will know exactly in* what part of
the room he Is sitting. The walls of the
study' have been lined with" steel plates
and also provided with several secret
drawers.
The correspondent asserts there Is great
Socialist activity In Warsaw. * Many ar
rests have been made and the prisons are
overflowing 1 . A large number of revolu
tionary pamphlets and proclamations have
been seized.
False Reports Made.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 21.— It Is sig
nificant that the police report on
the recent riots, published, as expressly
stated, In order, to correct false rumors
concerning the riots, does not deny the
most serious of the rumor3 circulated,
which are to the effect that men and
¦women were killed here and elsewhere. The
report does not mention the subject of the
students. It gives, however, the names of
four who died here, including' one woman.
The report Is not generally credited with
being an Impartial statement. It "is
claimed that the passage relating, to the
disturbance in the ; church Is r particularly
distorted. •.manlfsstlv'>it-jsisaid.'»tn.nri»-hi.l
Russia's Ruler Does . His
Studying Behind Walls
Lined With Steel.
Members ol Imperial
, HouseMd Nof
'llUolCU.
PRECAUTIONS
TO PROTECT
CZAR'S LIFE
KITCHENER'S REFUSAL TO GRANT
AMNESTY TO CAPE COLONY REBELS
CAUSE OF REFUSAL TO SURRENDER
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO..
London and St. Petersburg Governments Patch Up Tem
porary Peace and Details Are Diplomatically Adjusted by
Their Representatives in China — French Making Trouble
RUSSIAN AND BRITISH TROOPS
TO BE WITHDRAWN FROM THE
DISPUTED GROUND AT TIENTSIN
112.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.He said he had no immediate plans for
donations to English institutions.
¦LONDON. March Sx— To an English in-
work. "But," he added, "where it Is
still needed you may rely it will be freely
used.',' «
NOTED STEEL: KING AND PHILANTHROPIST AND THE TAMMANY
CHIEFTAIN, ;WHOM HE IS EVIDENTLY WILLING TO DEFEND AND
PRAISE WH*3N HE THINKS IT ADVISABLE.
"My views on these questions are
known. America has been a great fool in
her foreign affairs, and England a great
er fool. I have been to China and agree
with Sir Robert Hart from beginning to
end. If England is wise she will follow
his advice."
"Well, Croker is not so — ," commenced
Carnegie, but, checking himself, he said:
"1 must not talk politics. I only want to
say that I am glad to be able to con
tribute anything toward the welfare o£
the great city of New York."
Mention of the Chinese question led Mr.
Carnegie to say:
"That's what Mr. Croker maintains,'*
suggested a New York man who was
present. ¦•', .. j-\ v v;V
SOUTHAMPTON, March 21.—An
drew Carnegie, who arrived from
New York on the St. Louis last
night, was interviewed here to-day.
Carnegie expressed surprise that
his donation for the benefit of the New
York libraries had caused a sensation.
One of the many cablegrams received up
on his arrival at Southampton, conveying
thanks for his recent large donations,
evidently gave . Carnegie great satisfac
tion. When questioned in regard to his
suggested Mayoralty candidacy Carnegie
pooh-poohed any aspirations In that di
rection.
"I will 6ay, however," continued the
millionaire, ."that New York treats her
public men shamefully. They are not half
as bad as painted. It is a great city and
you will have to go a long way to find a
better one."
If : you havenheumatism.wrlteDr." Shoop.Raclite','
.Wlft.,bo3cm,for six bottles of hlsRheumatlcCiire.
.express paid.' Send no money;" Pay 13.50 Jf cured*.
A' Month's ; Test J Free:
Corporations in Sacramento, Sebasto
pol and Emeryville Will Operate
as a Single Company.
PETALUMA, V Mai ch'.2L7-A deal : of con
siderable Importance In fruit canning cir
cles was consummated, at Sebastopol yes
terday. . The deal is the combination J of
the large canneries at Sebastopol,:Sacra
mento and Emeryville under the corporate
holdings of the Central Canning Company. 1
F. B. Wetherbee, who has superintended
the business ; of . : tho Sebastopol canflery
for. several - years, will t be • the general
manager of ¦ the new, company. ¦ The > gen
eral offices of the company, will be located
, In. San Francisco. ,. ¦
LARGE CAN1O2RIES
FORM A COMBINATION
Benjamin O, Davis First Negro to
Gain Regimental Commission
From the Ranks.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— Benjamin
O. Davis Is the first colored soldier to
pass an examination^ for promotion from
the ranks to the grade of second lieu
tenant. Davis Is a battalion sergeant
major In the Ninth Cavalry, and in a re
cent examination at Fort Leavenworth,
Kan., stood third In the list of the twelve
who passed. His average was 91 per cent
and he was especially strong in interna
tional law, : military science and : tactics.
Davis is a native of the District of Co
lumbia and a graduate of the Washing
ton schools, having been a major In a col
cred high school cadet corps. • On the out
break of the Spanish war he was ap
pointed a lieutenant in the Eighth Regi
ment of immunes, and when this regiment
was mustered' out he t re-enlisted in the
regular army with the avowed aim of be
coming an officer. While there Is already
one colored • officer In the army, Captain
Charles >Young of the Ninth Cavalry,
who entered ¦ the army .through - -West
Point," Davis Is the only representative of
his race who has ever, risen the
ranks to a commission. * .
COLORED SOLDIER RISES
TO SECOND LIEU THIN ANOY
CHICAGO, March 21.— Colonel William
E. Sanger, , manager of the Great North
ern Hotel, ' filed i a petition In -bankrujjtcv
to-day, •: scheduling, liabilities : of 51,327 .3SS.
with '-assets 'of $640,111. .The. debts were
contracted In the main In connection with
the development of t the hotel and .tho in
dorsement i of > notes.
Hotel- Man Is Bankrupt.
CAMBRIDGE. . Mass. , March 21.— W. T.
Reid;; 1901,". of .Belmont, Cal./ has been ap
pointed \ football coach for next year. At
his i graduation* next June he will get his
A. JJ.' degree, and will come back. next
yeat to receive that of A. M. i and . to de
vote i his i attention to athletics. . He " will
spend the fall in 'coaching, the football
team and will work with . the baseball
team in the spring.- '¦
Californian Harvard's Coach.
CHICAGO. March 2L— Fire to-night to
tally destroyed the largo warehouse of J.
S. Ford,: Johnson & Co., at Sixteenth
strest and ; Wabnsh avenue. The building
and every thins inside .was ruined. The
north, south and east walls of the build
ing collapsed while a' number of firemen
were inside fighting : the fire. They i were
compelled to drop their hose and run for
their lives. Several were badly bruised
by falling, bricks. V
A panic' was created : among the thou
sands of spectators: and in a. Wild rush to
escape injury by the falling walls many
women and children were' knocked down
and trampled upon. The loss is $200,000,
equally divide! between building and
stock.
Spectators in Stampede Trample
Women and Children. .
FIREMEN" IMPERILED
BY COLLJLPSnTO' WALLS
• ¦ / ¦ ,. .. •¦ • • ¦ ¦•
Falling Bricks Injure Many and
Petaluma's City Ticket.
PET ALUM A. March 2L— Petaluma will
hold a city election April 8. The fight for
office Is new well under way. The can
didates are: For City Trustees, C. A.
Jacobsen. M. Walsh, W. R. Veale and a!
H. Lumsden, with two offices to fill; for
School Directors, long term P. Sweed anfl
W. F. Farrcll. sbbrt term _W. D. Aycrs
and H. L. Weston; for Marshal, - F. M.
Collins and O. M. Brush; £or Clerk, Art
S. Newburgh ; for Assessor, M. D. Hop
kins and Gus Walsh; for Treasurer.
Thomas Maclay. G. W. Lamoreaux and
• O. F. Troop; for Recorder, Lyman Green
and N. W. Scudder; for City Attorney,
F. K. Lippltt and J. P. Roflgers,
Should the proposed \ combination be
come a reality C. A. Smith will build i
large mill on Humboldt* Bay and tho
Vance Redwood Lumber Company will
put on a line of steamers between thlH
port and San Francisco. At the latter
place yards will be secured and th« prod
uct of the Humboldt mills will be taken
in its entirety t:> tho Eastern markets.
EUREKA, March 21.— It Is reported that
a combination of x redwood lumber men,
comprising the Vanca Redwood Lumber
Company, C. A.' Smith of Minneapolis, J.
E. Henry & Sons of New, Hampshire and
others, who have recently purchased tim
ber in this county, is about to be formed
to do business on a scale before unknown
in Humboldt. -v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ing Combination.
Prominent Redwood Mer
chants Said to Be Form-
LUMBER TRUST
FOR HUMBOLDT
"Clemeno," said a friend of tha writer,
-'declares he did • not want to write the
forthcoming article, but that It was forced
from him by the statements of mission
aries. Clemens hopes they will like it, but
he has doubts/LntaH
NEW YORK. March 21.— Samuel M.
Clemens (Mark Twain) was seen this aft
ernoon, but declined to say Just what re
ply he would make to the demands of the
Missionary Association at Peking that he
recant his attack on several missionaries
which appeared in a recent issue of the
North American Review. It was learned,
however, that the humorist will have
much more to say on the subject In the
April issue of the North American Re
view. "... . .
The Rev. Messrs. Scheffleld, Wherry and
Tewksbury expressed Indignant surprise
that such a man in such a review should
thus slander Rev. Mr. Ament without ex
amining into the facts. Rev. Mr. Reid
said the trouble began because a Peking
dispatch of December 22 on the subject
had been left unrefuted. Ament left here
to-day for the United States. A large
party of Chinese accompanied him to the
railway station.
: PEKING, March 21.— The Missionary
Association held a meeting here yesterday
and unanimously voted to telegraph the
North American Review to demand that
Mark Twain shall recant his "llbelous at
tack" published jln that magazine on Mis
sionary W. S. ' Ament of th© American
Board of Foreign Missions.
Missionaries Demand Pull
Recantation of Humor
ist's Criticisms.
TWAIN AROUSES
IRE OF PREACHERS
Railroad officials In this city were averse
to* speaking about the letter, and-' some
even declined to admit that 6uch a com
munication had been received.
It ia needless to say that the members and
officers of the United Mine Workers of America
are exceedingly desirous of avoiding strikes
and the sufferings incident thereto, and it la
the opinion of the officers whose names are at
tached to this communication that If the repre
sentatives of the anthracite coal carrying rail
roads would Join with us in urging a confer
ence on amicable solution could be found; and
we would, therefore, request that if the sug
gestions contained herein regarding a confer
ence meet with your approval, you notify us at
Scranton, when we will gladly call upon you
in the city of New York or at any other place
which wo»ild suit your convenience. ¦
• We feel that consideration for the vast num
ber of men, women ¦ and children dependent
upon .the coal Industry for a livelihood should
impel you to adopt a conciliatory course in
treating this subject and , In averting the im
pending strike.
PHILADELPHIA. March 21.— The letter
sent by President Mitchell of the United
Mine Workers of America and the presi
dents of the three anthracite districts to
the operators requesting a Joint confer
ence was made public here to-day. The
communication Includes the preamble and
resolutions adopted by the recent miners'
convention at Hazelton, Pa.; which
authorized the national board and district
officers to negotiate for a conference with
the operators and left the question of a
strike to their judgment, and, continuing,
says: '
Declares in Letter That
Congress Would Solve
Strike Question.
MITCHELL URGES
MISERS MEETING
WASHINGTON. March 21.— The name of
the postofflce at Guy, Whitman County,
Wash., has been changed to 'Albion. Mel
vin M. Lawler is postmaster. The follow
ing California postoffices will become do
mestic money order offices April 1: Ara
bella, Doble, Falk, Morison, Patton, Rock
vine.
These pensions were Issued to-day r
Original — Jos© d« J. Rodrlquez, Nordhoff,
}8; Eugene A. Lord. Ban Francisco, $8;
John H. Snider, Soldiers' Hom«, Los An
geles, $6; Hamblet R. Brown, Fresno, $6;
Warren Bacon. Los Angeles, $8: John W
Nattlnger, Oakland, $6; Henry C. Decker
San Francisco, $8. - - Original widow (In
crease)—Kate M. Pond, San Francisco,
$17: War with Spain: Original— Bernard
Callaghen. Livermore, $10. "Washington:
Original— Luzerne Hansen, Risburg, $8*
James Leddy. Seattle. $6. Original widow
— MaryCBaT.if, Malott, $8.
First Lieutenant Francis C. Marshall,
Sixth Cavalry, now at Los Angeles, as
higned to Fort Logan, Colo., on tempo
rary duty. «H?SfE
Pensions were issued to-day as, follows:
California— Increased. Christian Kolf,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $8: Reuben
P. Gray, Lemoor, $$; Frank N. Morris,
San Francisco. $S; David A. Kughen, Bur
bank, $8; Hugh D. Dyke. Williams. $8;
Seth E. A. Palmer, San Bernardino, $8;
Charles Landgraff, Ban Francisco,
$S: Robert Vogle, San Francisco, $3;
Charles Leonhardt, San Francisco, $8*.
Spear S. Steele, San Josce, $8.
Oregon — Increase, Silas Osburn, The
Dalles. $8; William L. Davis, Oswego, $12.
Washington— Additional, Thomas J.
Cheetam. Fairhaven. $S; increase, Solo
mon I. Bartgea, Rltzville, $8.
Major Lincoln C. Andrews of the Forty
third Infantry, now in Portland, Or., was
assigned to duty pertaining to organiza
tion of the Fifteenth Cavalry, San Fran
cisco.
The following postoffices will become in
ternational money order offices on April 1:
California — Cahente, Fullerton, North
Ontario, Sanger, Winters.
Army orders: The leave' of absence
granted Charles G. Sawtelle Jr., assistant
quartermaster volunteers, Department of
California, is extended one month.
California — William A. Bennett, lone.
Washington — Amiron E. Bldsood,
Springdale; Frank F. Avery, Miles.
Rural free delivery will be established
after April 15 at Riverside, Cal., and the
postoflice at West Riverside will be dis
continued after that date. Mall will go
to Riverside.
WASHINGTON, Majch 21.— The follow
ing postofflccs are discontinued, belns su
perseded by rural free delivery:
Oregon — Croston, Kola, Fruitland. Lib
erty, Lincoln. Rosedale. Lena, mail to Sa
lf m, Sidney mail to Jefferson.
Postmasters were commissioned as fol
lows :
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
The fountain in the center of the park
is to be removed, and over it will be erect
r-d a framework of wire. Acres of the
flowers now growing for the carnival will
be used in the bouquet.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— The ladies of
Ban Jose will present President McKinley
with the laigest and most magnificent
bouquet ever created. This will be erect
ed in St. James Park and will be seventy
five feet in circumference and twenty-five
feet hljrh. In it will be all the flowers,
ferns and leaves of Santa Clara County
The ladies* auxiliary of the Rose Carnivai
have the matter In charge and have de
cio"«v5 upon this tribute.
Floral Piece.
Ean Jose Ladles to Present a Gigantic
I he general proRramme. as formulated
last night, subject, of course, to some
rr.oflificatioTis. is as follows: Delegates will
arrive on Wednesday. May 8, and will be
fittingly received by the local Grand Army
of the Republic post and by the citizens
of this city and Monterey. The encamp
ment will convene at 10 a. m. on May 9
rnd v.-ill continue in session for three
days. On the morning of May 11 Presi
dent McKinley will review the parade of
veterans of the Mexican. Civil and Span
ish wars and of civic and military organi
i.rtfons of the State. He will "also ad
drosp th«» delegates to the convention.
Over 7000 people are expected to be In
attendance and on the day of the.Presi
dents visit many more will probably at
tend. The committees in charge of the
affair are: B. A. Eardley, chairman of
the executive committee and of the
finance committee'; B. F. Tablar, secretary
nf the executive committee; reception
committee— Mayors O. S. Trimmer of Pa
cific Grove and R. F. Johnson of Mon
terey: evening entertainment. C. K. TutUe.
rh?irman: parade, R. L,. James, chairman
accomnrodations. J. A. Pell, chairman '
Fouvenir. P. M. King, chainnan; printing
A. M. Ftizsiramons. chairman; decora
tions. C. 71. Few. chairman; eampfire. R
C « ormes (commander local Grand
Army post), chairman; transportation. Dr
Thomas Filbin.
BIG BOTJQU.LT FOB, McZINLEY.
War Veterans Preparing for Big
PACIFIC ,GROVE. March 21.-At a
rr.fetinp here last night of the committee
in charg-e of arrangements for the annual
department encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic the dates for hold
ing the convention were fixed and final
pielimnary action perfected. The en
campment will be held on May 9, 10 and 11,
these days being chosen in conformity
with the itinerary of President McKinley.
Every possible means will be used to
make the celebration one of the most In
teresting events which the President will
attend during his California tour. That
he is looking forward with pleasure to
this is evidenced by his statement to
Henry T. Scott, when the plans of his
itinerary were discussed, that he would
not allow anything to interfere with his
belns: present to review the Grand Army
veterans here.
Celebration at Pacific Grove.
After the President returns from his
"Western trip he is going- to New England,
lie already has accepted an invitation to
be present at the Harvard commencement
exercises at Cambridge. Mass.. June 26.
He also Is expected to visit Worcester.
Concord, Boston and other places.
McEINLEY TO EEVIEW THEM.
WASHINGTON', -March 21.— The Presi
dent's proposed Western trip is attract
ing much attention in the. States through
which he IS to pass and invitations from
various cities and towns, which hope to
<?nt«Tta!n him along the route, are dally
arriving at the White House. To-day
Representative Meyers of Louisiana pre
•>cnted to the President the formal Invi
tation of the Governor of his State and
the Mayor and citizens of New Orleans to
mop at New Orleans. The President re
c*!ved the invitation very cordially. New
Orleans will probably be the lirst stop
after the partv leaves Washington and
the President agreed to remain there a
day. General Meyer says the programme
for the entertainment of the Presidential
party is yet to be* arranged, but that it
¦w-iil probably Include a ride on the river,
e drive through the city and a banquet
In the evening. As it is the present inten
tion to leave hore April 21. May 2 will
probably b*» spout in Now Orleans.
Representative Burlescn of Texas saw
the Prt-Fident and invited him to visit
AuFtin on his way through Texas. The
President promised to do so if the
Itinerary could be arranged so as to in
clude the Texas capital.' Secretary Cor
teiyou has been working on the itinerary,
but practically nothing of a definite char
crter has been decided upon. . After leav
ing New Orleans the party will stop at
G»!ve?ton and Houston and the present
expectation is that a meeting with Presi
dent Diaz cf Mexico vHl be arranged at
El Paso. The trip tTirouRh California
will include a visit to the Big Trees.
At San Francisco the party will stop a
wwk In connection with the events at
tending the launching of the battleship
Or.io. On the return trip over a northern
route the party will visit Yellowstone
Park end thence probably take a run
down to Denver. A sail bv steamer
down the Great Lakes from Duluth to
Buffalo probably also will be included in
the trip.
Stone Park.
fornia and on Their Beturn
Pay Kespects to Yellow-
Obioans Will Visit Big Trees of Cali-
Crescent City Will Be Vis
• ited on the President's
Western Trip.
NEW ORLEANS
THE FIRST STOP
As soon as condemnation proceedings
are completed quarters will be constructed
at Fort Casey and Fort Worden, Puget
Soui.d. Washington. Troops are now sta
tioned at Sullivans Island in rented quar
ters. The other posts no doubt Will be
octupk-d by the new companies to be or
ganized. The buildings to be erected will
cciiFiFt of barracks, officers' quarters,
hospital, administration buildings, non
commissioned and staff quarters, guard
house, storehouses, bakery shops and mi
nority buildings. To meet the expendi
tures for these buildings, as well as for
buildings at other points, an appropria
tion of Jl.OOO.OGO was made in the sundry
civil appropriation bill.
The quartermaster's department has
been preparing plans and will advertise
for the construction of additional quar
ters to be occupied by these new artillery
companies. The points at which additional
quarters are to be constructed ar« Fort
Revere, Boston harbor; Fort Mansfield,
and Fort Wright, Long Island Sound, and
Fort Miley. San Francisco, quarters for
one company of artillery each. At Sulll
vons Island, Charleston, S. C, and' Fort
Columbia, at the mouth cf the Columbia
River, Washington, quarters for two
companies each.
Quarters Are Dssigned.
There are several vacancies to be filled,
as three officers are to be assigned to
each company. These additional compa
nies are to be filled by transfers from
other companies and recruited up to 113
men, and will be organized as former bat
teries of piege artillery were organized.
An additional artillery band will be or
ganized by the commanding officer at Fort
Columbus, New York harbor, and will be
designated as the Eighth Band Artillery
Corps.
Ninety-third. Fort Stevens, Or. — Captain, M.
K. Barrell; second lieutenant. Alden F. Brew
eter.
Ninety-fourth, Fort Flagler. Wash.— Captain,
Eugene T. Wilson; second lieutenant, Raymond
S. Pratt.
Ninety-second, .the Presidio, San Francisco-
Captain. Edward Davis; second lieutenant, Guy
E. Carleton.
Nlr.ety-flrst. Jackson Barracks, La. — Captain,
John T. Martin: first lieutenant. Robert E.
¦\Vyllie: second lieutenant. 'Wilbur Willing.
Ninetieth. Fort McHenry. Sid.— Captain, Wll
mot Ellis; fir^t lieutenant, Marcellus G. Spinks;
Eecond lieutenant. Dennis H. Currle.
Eighty-ninth, Fort Banks. Mass.— Captain.
Sidney S. Jordan; second lieutenant, William
S. Brownlnjr.
Eighty-fifth, Fort Wadsworth. N. T.-Cap
taln. W. Gatchell; first lieutenant, Malcolm
Your.tr; second lieutenant, John A. Berry.
Eighty-sixth. Fort Wadsworth. N. Y.—Cap
tain. Alfred A. Hunter; second lieutenant. Hugh
II. Dougherty. ¦'
Eighty-seventh, Fort Slocutn, X. T.— Captain,
Edwin F. McGlacklln Jr.; first lieutenant,
Lawrence S. Brown; second lieutenant, William
Tlddall.
Elshty-elerhth. Fort Trumble, Conn. — Captain,
Peyton C. Marsh; Cret lieutenant, Albert O.
Jenkinp; second lieutenant, Arthur H. Bryant.
Kighty-fourth, -Ftort Hamilton. N. T.— Cap-.
tain. Oscar A. Straub; second lieutenant. Rich-
t _y;V_... Companies' Stations.
Eighty-third. Fort Hamilton, N« Y.— Captain,
Warren Kewcomb; second lieutenant, Gordon
Robinson.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— Under the
army reorganization law, which provides
for an increase of 20 per cent of the ar
tillery arm of the service, an order has
been Issued authorizing twelve companies
of coast artillery In addition to those now
in ' service. The number of these com
panies, the place where organized and the
ofllecrs assigned to each are as follows:
Ninety-SEcond Will Come to San
S. Francisco Which Shares the
Military Protection With
•¦•Other Cities.
Under Reorganization Law,
Twelve Companies Are"
Assigned to Posts.
COAST ARTILLERY
TO BE INCREASED
Millionaire Philanthropist Says the Ameriean Metropolis
Treats Public Men Shamefully and Indicates a Will
ingness to Praise-, Richard Croker — Defends Trusts
ttrvlewer, after his arrival in -London.
Carnegie talked ¦' freely • concerning 1 the
United States Steel Corporation, which,
he thought, would not affect 1 Great Brit
ain much one way or the other.
"I think there , is . no fear," said Car
negie, "that - the corporation's surplus
stock will be sold abroad at less than
erst, or that the corporation hopes ¦• to
slaughter the steel trade of Great Brit
ain." *
Asked whether the existence of trusts
did not tend toward national bankruptcy,
or whether they might not prove a step
in an evolution toward socialism, Car
negie said: - ¦
'.'The man behind the trusts is just as
Important as ever. Consolidations are
the tendency of our age and will prove
beneficial. The chances of Andrew Car
negie, if he landed a penniless boy in New
York to-night, would be as bright as they
were in 1848, and he would have even a
.wider field." . •
When > asked whether the people o
America- were not likely to pass strin
gent anti-trust legislation. Carnegie sai<
no. He thought the tariff was a bad
number for many things, having done it
FRESH EVIDENCE
IN CORDITE CASE
Chamberlain Admits Th
Kynochs Tenders Were
Not the Lowest. '
Lord Chief Justice Interrupts Testi
mony on Irish Members' Coer
i cion by Remarking "You
Pulled the Strings."'
LONDON. March 21.— The King's Bench
Division of the High Court of Justice wa3
again the center of attraction to-day, ow
ing to the hearing of the libel actions
brought against the Star and the Morn
ing Leader by Arthur Chamberlain,
brother of Joseph Chamberlain, and Ne
ville Chamberlain, a son of Arthur Cham
berlain, In connection with charges bear-
Ing on War Office contracts, which are
being heard before the Lord Chief Jus
tice, Lord Alverstone, the defendants
pleading that the articles printed were
not" llbelous and were fair comment on
matters of public lmerest. The cross-ex
amination of Mr. Chamberlain was con
tinued. He declared he had formed the
opinion that the main object of the ar
ticles was to vilify his brother, Joseph,
in doing which they vilified him. Though
the papers one day denied the intention of
imputing corruption and dishonesty to
Joseph Chamberlain, en the following day
they printed something which was more
libelous than ever.
Consulted Joseph First.
He (Arthur Chamberlain) had not com
municated with th«s newspapers before
bringing the action. He had consulted
with Joseph Chamberlain ' and the latter
took legal advice and told him that ndth
ing had occurred on which action was
maintainable. To say. as the defendants*
averred, that the K.ynochs were favored
by the Government was untrue and llbel
ous. Arthur Chamberlain considered that
it would be dishonorable for them to re
ceive favoritism from the Government.
Counsel for the defendants produced let
ters purporting to have been passed be
tween, the Kynochs and the Nobels, by
which the former agreed to keep up the
price of the powder for which the latter
had made a tender to the British Govern
ment. Arthur Chamberlain repudiated ail
knowledge of the letters. Subsequently
he admitted that there had been an agree
ment in 1894 between the Kynochs. Nobels
and Chllworths in regard to a fixed price
for cordite. Counsel read the evidence
given by the Nobels' representative be
fore the Committee on War Contracts to
the effect that Arthur Chamberlain toid
him he had personal influence to secure
contracts.
Saw No Irish Members.
In regard to the cordite contract se
cured for Arklow In 1898. Arthur Cham
berlain said he did not see any Irish mem
bers of Parliament, but got local pressure
put on them by telling the working peo
ple that the shops would be closed unless
the contract was secured. Here the Lord
Chief Justice interjected: "You pulled the
Strings."
Counsel read a couple of letters from
Arthur Chamberlain to the manager of
the Arklow works, urging that local pres
sure be brought to oear on the Irish mem
bers of Parliament and telling the man
ager that William Field, member for the
St. Patrick's Division of Dublin, was
about -to visit the works. The manager
was Invited not to say anything untrue,
but to select tho3a truths which were
most illustrative of the advantages Mr.
Chamberlain brought to Arklow.
On further . cross-examination Arthur
Chamberlain admitted that the Kynochs
secured Government orders for cordite
when their tenders were higher than
others. The case wis again adjourned.
HOSEBERY ADVOCATES
COMMEBCIAL EDUCATION
At Mansion House Meeting Declares
It Base of Intelligent Foreign
fic C: Policy.
LONDON, March 21.— Speaking at a
meeting held In the Mansion House this
afternoon, Lord Rosebery emphasized the
necessity for commercial education if
Great Britain was to successfully meet
systematized competition. He said that
much more than half the foreign policy
of all the intelligent nations of the world
was a commercial society and that the
Incident at Tientsin proved this.
Mr. Choate, the American Embassador.
in moving thanks to the Lord Mayor for
presiding at the meeting, which was held
in connection with the school of economy
and political science, said Americans re
garded such schools as among the means
of maintaining their part in the rivalry
which they were maintaining and meant
to maintain with the sister natons of the
world, "especially with this country.".
Mr. Choate added: "It is a rivalry not
of arms or warfare, but a rivalry of
brains and skill and courage in the great
industries of life."
SXIGHT IMPROVEMENT
IN KIDDEB'S CONDITION
Debris- Commissioner Rallies to Somo
Extent, but the End Is Thought
to Be Near.
NEVADA CITY. March 21.— The condl-
tJon of John F. Kldder, State Debris Com
missioner and president of the Nevada
County Narrow Gauge Railroad, showed
a slight Improvement to-day. Mr. Kld
der was noticeably stronger and his rela
tives and friends were much encouraged.
It Is well understood, however, that he
Is still a very sick man and that the end
Is not likely to be deferred for a month at
most.
CARNEGIE IS NOT A CANDIDATE
FOR MA YOR OF GREATER NEW YORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL,. FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1901.
if
1-
¦
2
To Prevent Pneumonia and Grip.
Laxative .Bromo-Quinlne renwves the cause. •
ADVSSTISKHOTNTSL
Have created a panic In the shoe
bu?ines3 in San Francisco. Every- -
body is talking about them. Both
.hose who have them and those who
have nst. ;
NO WONDER, |
For they have all the style and win
wear as well as any £.00 or J6.C0 !
shoe. . ; .
REMEMBER, I
We have them In all styles, all
sizes and all widths for
Both Men and Women I
Bear in mind you have nothing to f
lose and all to gain In buying these I
shoes. If they are not as repre-
sented return them at our expense p
and we will refund your meney. j
WE ARE SOLE AGENTS. I
NOLAN BROS.
Phelan Building, .,
\ 812-814 Market St. g
'PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOT
i FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
Owner Leavlnft for Cnrope.
NORTH SIDE JICKS01& NEXT b
1 CORNER OCFAVlA. *
' - - ' ? 5
j 52:6x109 * — ¦ » $18,0(10
[ THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
t 5 Montgomery St.
Avisrr OR- JORDAN'S cseat«
iSlSOSEUH OF ARATQS9Y*
_ « gup The L«nje»t Aaasooueal Mas«-a!B in tbe \
S A X3L- V/oild. Wcaa«<« or aay contracted jQ
>' " "Sf-MM «l'*e*ie p«:*UJ«»»T ««¦«¦•« By tba olU«t JT
t t$> fKirfl tipea-Ulit cb tin.- Coast Ejcjiyaarv -g
2 X $&$> BS. JQRflAH-fir»ATE DISEASES £
\ w alWSfl Co.miiution fr-o and strictly prirar*. \
t A I TV6?H Tmiuuom ix-rtonaliy n by letter. Afl
f \f a Qr MB f-vnv tVrgia eyrf cascua<len»«*n. \
t APff life Write for Book. P«I]I.OSOP«V*f A
fr * d II" s*anusE, maiuo vazx. ur
\ a ll' valu * 510 book for arn > A
9 jdjo. «ro ran an A «•.. i»i lUrkat st..& 9. V
\ OR.MEYERS&CO. <^|i^»
Specialists. Dls- ' Be? ' ;
case and Weakness ! §§Kt
- of men. Estab- yvw
- lished 1S81. Consul- VlJ ; "X2?* Y^T
* tatlon and private \J V I r _i
i book free, at office nSwi.l 'Vu^fe
- or by mail. Cures #ki$PS2 r
- guaranteed. 71.1 'C*'*®- <•¦ 'j&
i. Market street (ele- J
e vator entrance). , >^ef\ 4v\3wr£
rl San Francisco.
% ; .
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 Bl.OOD.UVER.a.lJMGS.
«IV^3PB^SmA rfltnedj for GonorrhcBa,
jft2dSr<nlt» J4»ti.^63 WhlMn, DQDttnril db.
/BsSw Ounsuad IS chargi . or ant infiarama-
nSf not ts *trietu«. tion, i riutioa or nlcera-
fl»»«flp rt TtnM camniaa. tioa .1 mju o o a » mom-
• RS%THiE»M3Cheiiic«iCo. branes. Non-«strltt«ont.
C.S.A *3»ror §ent in plain wrap^*r,
¦ 2&i5&±y_l&ii JT expresi, prepaid, iot
v*SE&fcraG&?°H JJL«. «r * bottles, lira.
¦V^SSSSSbTpV' H C_ ailar sent oa reqaart.
DDTTCIICQ F0R BAKBER3. BAK-
AJXlU OniiO bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewer*, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hanger*, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento Sfc
£% 9 0 R ¦ 4% Lafiln A Hand Waterproof
B IS Bnll" Smokeless Powder. In bul'.c
D.l I H4JH and loaded in shells. Sen.l
Bin SloCf a t0T catalorue of sporting
W *J I « trood^. GEO. W. SIIREVE.
739 iTarket st.
MARKET "sT.'aFVtlSy
Weafe Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
(treat Mexican . remedy : gives health and
strength to sexual orsans. Depot. S*3 Market.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For th« cur« of GONORRHEA. OLEBTS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints ot Uto
Orsans of Generation.
Price II a bottle. For sale by drujzlst*.
::r- .:¦¦ . . - _ ...- ......
mm ' I' you buy your.neckwear. haphazardly — if. you buy where you [*^j
EjH '. "\ happen to be when the thought strikes you that you need a new e>y
|g|| .If you appreciate a big assortment from which to. choose and £§j§
'Ell f av o r buying at clothiers' profits instead of haberdashers', we can JpWj
ife! ,Our ; latest arrivals from New York--the fashion center of fjil
jfeja America— are imperials, tecks, four-in-hands, butterflies and the vm
&a j; new derby, the narrow, reversible tie. The patterns are $%]
S3 unique,' the colors exquisite and the price a saving to you. j&rl
If FRIDAY ONlTT
The hearty response to our last Friday's Initial
special offering by careful and discriminating pur-
chasers who were very agreeably surprised ¦ and /") .
/ v delighted to find our shoes all that -*re claimed /W
/ I «\ for them, and more, will surely be impressed by / V\
/ J \V tnls Friday's special, which will offer no excuse I / \
vS/1 \/oS icr resl£tln E your buying impulses. ' Jj&'\
Xik I [of Remember, these shoes have been received from 't^Si l\
fc/ ¦ the manufacturer only a week ago. 5Sil I \
frt! vfl Ladles* Lace Shoes, cloth or dull kid tops, styl- Sc I h
iLSjl lsh tOft< JJ^ d turned . Wgh military heels; our -• 5g| Iff
/ySr I regular Jl.v) shoes, jaB/ / [
(l|] $3.05. P^j
\ I Men's Tan Lace Shoes. Goodyear welted, full £EB?Ni»
teESM round toe; our $150 grade,
\J $2 65. kss^
If they are not as good as we say you get your
money back.
I FORMERLY - UJCKES ' 63£ MARKET -;-'5T^VICTORIA. B. C; March 21— It > is
feared at Honolulu that the bark Olymp
ic, which .nas -beert^ running: : between 8an
Francisco and the * islands; . has' been • lost.*
When the ; steamer^ Miowera ; left ¦ Hono
lulu on March 14 she had been out .thirty
one days. Xhe * Irmgard - and » other,.-, San
Francisco : barks ; .which •• left u: long w after
the. Olympic had. arrived,'; making , the, the
passage in from : eighteen ¦ to > twenty days.'
Tears for Bark Olympic.
Miss Lizzie Armstrong Weds.
SEBASTOPOL, March 21.-At the home
of the bride's* brother. 'a few. miles from
Sebastopol, yesterday : Miss Lizzie ' Arm
strong, one of . the best known ladles of
Sonoma County, was married to Rev.
William L. Jones, a Congregational min
ister of Pomona.- Miss Armstrong fcs. the
onJy." surviving." daughter of Vhe late Col
onel J... 13. ". Armstrong of ?Cloverdale,.'and
inherited »the/. principal,? porlion^of *>. her
father's estate upon his death a year ago.
Fourteen Tribes on the Yakima Res
ervation Will Soon Ask-Con
gress to Compensate Them.'
SPOKANE, Wash.. March 21.— Ten mil
lion dollars will be asked from Congress
at its next session' for tho fourteen tribes
of Indians on the Yakima reservation in
this State. So states the Rev'. Thomas
Parene. an Indian -Methodist '.preacher,
the representative of the fourteen ;trlbos,
who was In Spokane last evening , on his
way home from an Interview i with Presi
dent McKIhley and other: hlch officials.
Parene says the white men have settled
upon about a million ceres of the lan-J
belonging to his . people, and that it Is.
worth $10 per acre.
TEN MILLION DOLLAES
THE INDIANS' CLAIM
HONOLULU. March 14 (via Vic
toria. B. C, March 21).— The steamship
Sierra arrived yesterday at noon with
the visiting Shriners from Grand Rap-
Ids. "Mich, and other places aboard. ; The
run was made In the quick time of five
days and ten hours. The vessel was un
able to drop her pilot at the Golden" Gate
owing to the rough weather.-
The reception committee from the local
Shrlners chartered a tug and met the
F.teamer outside* the heads. A "Marge
crowd was at the, dock to receive the
Shriners. The excursionists were escort
ed to automobiles and hacks and con
veyed to the new Moana and Hawaiian'
hotels. No special programme for the
entertaining or the guests had been ar
ranged, the idea being for the local
Shriner3 to entertain the visitors In an
informal way. On Sunday, however, the
Shrlners will attend the native feast, or
L-uau. given by. the local institution A
tall is to be. given this week in honor of
the visitors. ¦ .
Visitors From the Eastern States
Have a Quick Voyage and Are
Eoyally Eeceived.
Suicide, Drowning, Murder, Disease
and Accident Among the
Causes of Death.
WASHINGTON*. March 21. — General
MacArthur, at Manila, cables the follow
ing death list since his last report: . '
Dysentery— March i, Forty-fourth Infantry.
Sergeant William C. Perkins; February 27,
Twenty-second Infantry. Patrick Melton;
March 13, Forty-eighth Infantry, Henry J.
Holllns.
Diarrhoea— March 9, Forty-flfth Infantry,
Lloyd F. Dempsey.
Died from wounds received In action — March
6, Seventh Artillery. William C. Morse.
Drowned, body recovered — March 2, Forty
flret Infantry, Fred M. Altmose; February 26,
First Infantry, John J. Jennings.
Drowned, bodjss not recovered— March 2,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, William Stewart.
Harry I>. Fawley. Corporal William Boyle..
John Bluram: February JO, Forty-seventh In
fantry, Garfleld Henderson.
Suicide— March 1, Twenty-ninth Infantry,
Corporal Horace D. Smith. • .
Gastritis — March 7, Twenty-third Infantry,
Frank Chapelewskl.
Pulmonary ol»ma — March 14, Fourteenth In
fantry. Oscar' Carlson.
Pnrumonla— March 11, Twenty-ninth Infan
try. Pearley W. Moyer.
EndQcardltlSr— March 6, Nineteenth Infantry,
Lewis
Uraemia— March" 7, Twelfth Infantry, Cor
poral Patrick Jackson.
Killed by accident— March 2, Seventh Caval
ry, First Sergeant Charles F. Roper: Feb
ruary 3. Twenty-second Infantry. Thomas
Murphy; Twenty-second Infantry, MarsEal J.
Hurley.
Killed by comrade— March 10. Thirteenth In
fantry. Steven Buszlak.
Fracture of ukull— March 13. Fifth Infantry,
Corporal Herman Ehrich.
m.
HAWAII RESIDENTS \
WELCOME SKRINERS
LIST OF CASUALTIES
IN THE PHILIPPINES
A Melbourne correspondent of the Syd
ney Morning Herald says In recording the
experiences of those who escaped that the
residents describe the noise of the fire as
resembling thunder, and many believed
that a thunder storm was approaching,
for the air was darkened by immense
clouds cf heavy smoke which seemed to
be suddenly swept away to disclose moun
tains of flame close by. One party which
escaped lav under a wagon on 'a road,
and although the wagon and contents
•were burned they escaped.
The Miowera brought news from Syd
ney of a railway disaster on the Illa
warra line, a train on which 590 passen
gers were homeward bound from the city
to the suburbs having been derailed. Sev
en of the passengers were killed outright
and twenty-six injured, two-of-whom died
next day. . > .
VICTORIA; B. C. March 21.— Terrible
bush fires have occurred in Queensland
and, according to advices received by the
steamship Miowera, not only have they
been responsible for the destruction -of
many homesteads and property to the
value of many thousands of pounds but
also have been responsible ior many
deaths, settlers having been caught in the
sea of flame.and burned to death. In one
district .a fire which swept over a tract
of land In which were twenty homesteads
and caused the death of several people
was started by some hunters who dropped
phosphorus in the highly Inflammable
bushes.
Special Dirpateh to The Call.
Bush Fires Devastate a
Vast Tract of Land
in Queensland.
SETTLERS DIE
IN THE FLAMES
SACP.JVMENTO. March 21.— Last night I
a railroad section hand found the mangled
remains of a man iying alongside the
railroad track one mil* north of Vina,
Tthair.a County. The body proved to be
that of James Dunn, who had been work
ing n.bot:t Vina as a laborer. It is sun
posed that he .tried to steal a ride out of
the town on the northbound freight train
and fell from the car. H» was 43 years
old. He had been a lawyer.
Crushed Under the Cars.
Druinmer Accused of Crime.
SEATTLE, March 21.-M. C. Seligman, a
commercial traveler, lately from San
Francisco, was. arrested here to-night for
fcrpery. A few days ago Seligman gave
a local furniturp dealer a check for $50 in
payment of a bill, receiving $22 change.
The check was drawn on the Spokane
Hank and sip-nr-d Great Northern Copper
Mining and Milling: Company, by M. O.
Solijrean. manager. The check was re
turned to-day from Spokane as worth-
Fatally Burned.
CAYTJCds. Cal., March 21.— The five
year-old daughter of Robertlno Donatl
was frightfully burned to-day. She was
playing: about her father's dairy, -when her
dodMf were ignited from the furnace.
Bhe ran out of the room and her father
«-. o U£ht her. He threw a coat about her.
"r.tt not in time to save her from burns
iT-tiich may cause her death.
Five-Tear-Old Girl in San Luis
Ofcispo County Town Probably
IXAME EROM FURNACE
IGMTTES CHILD'S DSESS
Error Made by a Clerk Necessitates
th» .Reprinting of the City
Election Tickets.
SAN DIEGO. March 2L— Through a mis
take of ono of th« members of the Demo
cratic Central Committee the city is to
be compelled to pay a double bill for bal
lot paper and almost a double bill for
printing. W. T. Xeely was nominated by
the Democratic Convention for Alderman,
but tfce clerk certified the name as W. T.
JCeeley and the ballots have been so
printed.
The error was net discovered until this
afternoon and an application had to be
made to the Superior Court for an order
for a change. The order was granted by
Judgo Conklin and a telegraphic order to
the Secretary cf State was immediately
forwarded for another supply of paper.
There is barely time to get the work done
over acaln.
SOUTHJiKir DEMOCRATS
TTEED UTEW BALLOTS
to Mohammed and suddenly
circumstances, after a short
reign as a prophet.
The Sultan of Imbogo, the
head of Mohammedanism in
Uganda, denounced the new
doctrine preached by Muludzi
and a native court declared
Muludzi to be an impostor,
whereupon Muludzi indig
nantly declared lie would no
longer remain on earth. He
left the native court and as
cended a small eminence out
eide the King's inclosure,
where he knelt, called loudly
ILONDON, March 21.—Ad
vices received from Mengo, in
Ug-anda, Africa, dated Thurs
day, March 14, say that Mul
udzi, the Mohammedan
prophet, who recently pro
claimed himself a leader of a
new religious doctrine in
Uganda, died at Mengo that
cf ternoon under extraordinary
STRANGE DEATH
OF PROPHET OF
NEW RELIGION
; Wood . says he was treasurer of Goodar
township In ; Ogemar County, Michigan;
He was ; al*o engaged in the lumber busi- J
ness, .owning and operating a" small mill.
In the course of his business he -used
about $1200 of township funds, believing
he had ample assets to cover the amount
taken. : When a' call "came ¦ for ' the ; funds
unexpectedly : his failure to collect debts
due to him made it impossible to meet the
obligation. - ..""-¦ ' '• ' . ' ". :
Since his exposure was made on. the 7th
of last July Wood has not' heard; a word
from his home, where he has a wife and
family. • Ho has ¦wandered from Texas to
Alaska, and, being a lumberman,' came to
Humboldt to secure wprk. Wood is about
35 years of ' age and of pleasing appear
ance. ' He wept several times while ; tell
ing of his crime and disgrace.
* EUREKA, .March 21.— John L. Wood,
who is wanted" in Michigan for embezzle;
ment, delivered himself to Policeman Con
nant to-day, . stating: that: he : was tired
of 'being a fugitive from justice. • \ -¦/:-.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
John Wood, Embezzler, Tires
of Being a Fugitive
From Justice.
CONSCIENCE ENOS
HIS WANDERINGS
"I saw the whole affair. The Blumen
thal girl was coming 1 downstairs and
young Dunand was going up. As he
passed her near the. banister he put his
arm ' against her "waist and pushed - her
back a step or^so. I called both down,
and, following tho usual-custom, I sep
arated them and had them write an ac
count of all that happened; This done,
I reprimanded them and sent them to
their classes. The matter was , closed."
After passing the resolutions the board
adjourned, like vigilantes who had per
formed a necessary but disagreeable duty.
Indignation runs very high, and the
community is stirred as it never has
been in years past. Sympathy; Is every
where expressed for Mr. Blumenthal and
Principal Van Horn. In a day or fo the
School Trustees will meet. Individually
tliey have investigataed the story, and it
is more than likely that they will pass a
resolution denouncing- the published ac
count as untrue and upholding Principal
Van Horn. In a written statement hend
ed to the chairman of to-night's meeting
Mr. Van Horn said: /¦ •
M. F. Cochrane moved that the words
"fake" in reference to reporters be
stricken out, as the resolution was too
general. The Call had ' not touched the
story, and should not^be held culpable.
The words were stricken out by a vote.
Indignation* at Fever Point.
Resolved, That a copy of. these resolutions
be sent to eaeh of the San Francisco dallies.
A condition of uneasiness amounting almost
to a reign of terror exists among our people,
lest some trifling Incident may furnish a pre
text for more sensational publications, hold-
Ing them up to public ridicule, humiliation
and disgrace. We know of no reason why San
Rafael should be selected for this kind of
punishment, and we therefore earnestly repre
sent that the time has -come for a .radical
change of policy such as the good sense and
better nature of newspaper managers should
suggest.
We desire therefore to represent to the news
papers and the public that the notoriety which
San Rafael has acquired through the Instru
mentality of the dally press is not due to
any unusual conditions here, but is caused en
tirely by the necessity that the work of our
resident reporters should be. remunerative copy,
and that to this end they have not hesitated
to sacrifice the Interests of our local institu
tions, the reputations of our citizens and even
the fair fame of . our daughters.
Resolved. That we. the San Rafael Board of
Trade, do hereby most earnestly and vigorous
ly protest against the long series of sensa
tional articles that have been published in
the San Francisco dally papers without any
foundation In fact and to the detriment of
the city of San Rafael, .and the business, so
cial and educational Interests of our people.
We see no necessity for -a corps of resident
reporters in a quiet residence community like
our own, and so long as the managing edi
tors of our great dallies are willing to pay
for fake sensations we hevg_ no reason to
expect reporters to refrain from creating the
material upon the sale of which their liveli
hood depends.
Henry Gieske, City Trustee and mem
ber of the Board of Trade, then Intro
duced a set of resolutions. , They were
torrid in their temperature and general
ox against the press. He said that if the
guilty papers were named they would
hound a man for all time to come. The
resolutions were as follows:
Sensations Are Denounced.
After the chairman had finished School
Trustee Dr. W. J. Wlekman • made a
rpeech in the same vein. He was fol
lowed by R. Magnes, who expressed sim
ilar views.. Principal R. H. Van Horn
was present and also addressed the
meeting. He denounced "tho story as a
fake and said that the purported Inter
views in the Chronicle and .Examiner of
the 14th inst. between representatives: of
those papers and himself never took
place.
i "Jsot content with this, an assault was
afterward made through one" of "the pa
pers on the principal. We must take ac
tion to-night and strong action. Our city
is being damaged. The reputations of
men, women and even children are .not se
cure. There was one of the papers that
refused to publish the story. The Call
should be thanked."
"We are assembled 'here to-night to pro
test against the scandalous story that was
publtsned In the -San Francisco Examiner
and the Chronicle, wherein our local High
School was made to suffer. You all read
the story of the little girl, who was said
to have been seized and carried upstairs
by a boy scholar and kissed. The story
was not true. It was brutal.
Protest- of Citizens.
To-night the board met and there were
present -over thirty prominent business
men and property-owners of the cliy.
Their faces. wore a look of determination
and they immediately went to work. The
chairman. Captain ±1. A. Gorley, .called
the meeting to order and forcibly, stated
its object. He said in part:
Several days ago "the local Board of
Trade issued a call to its members and
prominent citizens to meet and take action
on what is known as the "High School
story." The Call, in observance of its
policy to publish only the truth, did not
prints the story, and the members of the
Board of Trade and citizens publicly
thanked It for refraining to magnify so
trivial an incident to such brutal propor
tions. • t
SAjk RAFAEL, March 2L— There was a
hot time this city, to-night. An indignant
.populace had an inning 1 and the yellow
story published in two of the San Fran
ci?co morning- papers, the Examiner and
the Chronicle, wherein 13-year-old Flor
ence Blumenthal was compared to Sapho
in a childish frolic in the local High
School, came in for a public and scathing
[condemnation.
Special Dispatch to Th«- Call.
Publication of a Sensational Story
Attacking High School Pupils
Causes an Outburst of
Indignation.
San// Rafael Citizens De
nounce the Examiner
and Chronicle.
MARIN WROTH
AT NEWSPAPERS
TACQilA, March 21.— Julian Mascot, a
French miiier, who discovered Mascot
Creek near Selwyn last fall, has Just had
a. peculiar experience with a. stampede.
Mascot located Discovery claim last Sep
tember and 'took out gold which assays
J1S per ounce. He decided not to file on
the creek at once and accordingly -waited
until early in March. He went to Selkirk
then and filed. He had a number' of
friends whom he desired to let in on the
ground floor after he had established his
own rights, and intended on the following
day to cive them a chance to stake the
balance of the creek.
A telegraph operator at Selkirk hap
pened to be in the office of the Recorder
when Mascot filed his claim. The operator
tipped the new find off to the operator at
Selwyn at midnight and a stampede fol
lowed. Thirty-nine men from Selwyn and
the vicinity started at once for the Mas
cot location smd by the time Mascot and
faiE friends reached the creek the entire
Etream had been staked.
Epecla.1 DlsF3tch to The Call.
Miner Finds Riches but It
Disappears Before Ho
Secures It.
While He Is Filing His Claim a Tele
grapher Hears the Story and
Quickly 'Wires the
Secret.
LOSES FORTUNE
BY A STAMPEDE
3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 190 1.
ADVEBTISEMENT&
•
OOMPANVS EXTRACT
of Beef makes the difference
between a flat, flavorless dish
and a tidbit that would tempt
che most jaded appetite in the
world. o« & <X & & &
Dr. Julius Remmson on this subject
savs: Xenons persons, people run down
In health and of low vitality should eat
meat and plenty of it. If the digestion Is
too feeble £t first It may be easily cor-
rected by the regular use of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia TaWets after each meal. Two of
these excellent tablets taken after dinner
will digest several thousand grains of
meat, eggs or other animal food in three
hours, and no matter how weak the stom-
ach may be no trouble will be experienced
If a resrylar practice is made of using
Btuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, because they
eupply the pepsin and diastase necessary
to perfect digestion and every form of In-
Cipcstion will be overcome by their use.
That large class of people who come un-
der the head of nervous dyspeptics should
rat plenty of meat and insure its proper
digestion by the dally u*e of a- safe, harm-
less digestive medicine like Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets, composed of the natural
digestive principles, pepsin, diastase, fruit
acids and salts, which actually perform
the work of digestion. • Cheap cathartic
medicines, masquerading under the name
of dyspepsia cures, are useless for indi-
gestion, as they have absolutely no effect
upon the actual digestion of food.
Dyspepsia In all its many forms is sim-
ply a failure of the stomach to dicest food
and the sensible way to solve the riddle
and cure the dyspepsia is to make daily
use at mealtime of a preparation like
etuarfs Dyspepsia Tablets, which is In-
dorsed by the medical Orofession and
known to contain active digestive princi-
ples.
All druggists sell .Stuart's. Dyspepsia
TabJets at 50c for full treatment. ¦
A little booklet on cause and cure of
stomach trouble mailed free by addressing
F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall, llich.
As compared with grains and vegetables
meat furnishes the most nutriment in a
highly concentrated form and is digested
end assimilated more quickly than vege-
tables and grains. ,r
Rertaurants may be found In the large
cities wIitg no meat, pastry or coffee is
served and the food crank is in his glory,
end arguments and theories galore ad-
vanced to prove that meat was never In-
tended for human stomachs, and almost
make us believe that our sturdy ances-
tors who lived four score years in robust
health on roast beef, pork and mutton
must have been grossly Ignorant of the
l&T.-s of health. -
Our forefathers had other things to do
than formulate theories about the food
they ate. A warm welcome was extended
to any kind from bacon to acorns.
A healthy appetite and common sense
ere excellent guides to follow in matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats Is undoubtedly the best
Also a Feu- Pacts on the Same Sub-
ject. -
"We hear much nowadays about health
foods and hygienic living, about vegeta-
rianism and many other fads along the
same line.
THEORIES ABOUT FOOD.
AD VEKTISEMETJTS.
Every man has his taste, his favorite, his hobby or a desire to dress in the-most
becoming clothes. No matter how a man wants to dress we can please him, pro-
viding, of course, that his taste runs to good clothes. Our assortment represents
every style arid almost every pattern that has been brought out this season. The
above picture shows four styles of sack suits now being worn — you select the-most
suitable at the price you want to pay.
Our clothing is union made and bears the 'union label — the emblem of fair
labor, the stamp of good workmanship, the symbol of fair dealings, the token of true
brotherhood and the badge of honesty. This clothing is the best that can be pro-
duced from good all-wool material by first-class union workmen. Every man, should
wear union-made clothing.
Among our most popular sack suits are some At $10.00 you will find an- -elegant assortment
indigo blue serges- at $7.50. The blue is the newest of round-cornered sack suits in steel g ray and o/'ve
shade and is absolutely fast color; first-class farmer 6 ' smooth > P ure woolen goods that
satin trimmings are used, every seam is stoutly *ewed g the same p rice we also show about twenty
with s Ik; coat comes in single-breasted and the vest patterns of tweeds in the sweliest of checks and
in the high-cut, six-button style, all sizes, price stripes. These suits are. proving to be very popular,,
especially as the price is tut
At this price we also have some all-wool tweeds ' .... • rk . ' „ •¦ t .
./,,/,,, r , , j , • •+. «. , ah sizes — we can ik tne lail or tnesshort, the^slim
in the latest shades of checks and stripes.. 1 he styles or e stout>
are single and double breasted square cut • and round- 'Every garment bears our 'label — "JYeargood." - You
cornered sack suits. know what it means. -
'. .-:=.'•' ¦ ¦ " ' :: ~-'' ' *?}
/ No one this side of New York has as large a department devoted to children's, boys' and youths' clothing,
furnishings and hats as the one on our second floor. . The stock is necessarily immense, as f 4it fills the whole
department. Here are a few of the items inter- • ' » _
in Scotch tweeds. Coat is made in the new l^^>S^l /& -Pill'
the exceptional prices. . 718 Market Street. furnishings or hats.Chinese Endeavor to Land at San
Diego, but Inspector Ihrnn Re
jects Their Certificates.
SAN DIEGO, March 21.— Immigration
Inspector Dunn had . an all-day session
with the would-be Chinese immigrants on
the Carlisle City, .where they had been
housed while the steamer Belgian King
went to San Francisco to finish dischar?- -
Ing. The certificates presented are al
most identical with those which were pre
sented at San Francisco. He asserts his
belief that the reason of the Chinese com
ing here is the rigid Inspection to which
they have been subjected in San Fran
cisco. He adds that on a recent steamer
but two Chinese applied for admission,
where 200 would have come & year ago
One reason why he is of the opinion
that the attempt to land the Chinese here
is a part of the same wholesale Chinese
landing business la. that since coming hero
he has seen one of the agents of the Chi
nese in San Francisco who attends to such
matters here; and apparently intent on
seeing that the would-be immlgrranta are
safely landed In San Diego slnca they
could not be landed above.
SEEKING A LOOPHOLE
AT SOUTHERN" POBTS
law. "It Is this way." said the manager:
"many girls apply here for work who are
not In physical condition. to enter our em
ploy. They are trained and put to work
and when we need their services they are
reported absent, sick at home. "What tho
company needs most is punctuality from
its employes, and by employing only
healthy girls we hope to insure that."
Yesterday afternoon Mr. Glass explained
the raison d'etre of the new telephone
siblllties of the prevailing kangarooflgure,
they are put through a searching color
examination. This Is the most severe test
of all and its object probably is to make
sure the girls will recognize the red and
green lights, the signal that the nickel
has rolled into the slot.
ASPIRANTS FOR "HELLO" JOBS MUST NOW SUBMTT TO EXAMINATIONS
AS TO SOUNDNESS OF TEETH. ABILITY TO DISTINGUISH COLORS
AND GENERAL HEALTH BEFORE THEY CAN SECURE POSITIONS.
Early Morning Intruder in a Seattle
Besidence Takes a Big Chance
. and Wins.
SEATTLE, March 21.— The residence of
J. W. Clise at the corner of Highland
drive and "Warren avenue, on Queen Anne
Hill,, was entered by a burglar at an early
hour .this morningr. The first intimation
that any of the inmates of the house had
of the presence of an intruder came when
Clise heard the stairs creaking about 4
o'clock. Stepping from his room, revolver
in hand, CHse made his way steathily to
the head of the circular stairs and look
ing down toward where the sounds came
from he turned on the electric current",
flooding the hall with light and at the
same time covering the burglar with his
revolver. ;*.'."?
At Cllse's command and In the face of
the » leveled revolver, the burglar threw
up his hands and stood for an instant In
an attitude of submission; then as quick
as a thought he gave a spring forward
and downward into the shadow of an in
tervening wall. As the man sprang Clise
fired, but the burglar escaped.
FLEET -FOOTED 'l*H I V-V • ." V
ESCAPES THE BUXMZT
'; STV: PAUL;: Minn}, March? 21^-By 'a' vote
or 72 ltd- 30 the! House ; to : day \ passed the
Senate ;blll prohibiting '¦ the. manufacture,
sale or giving away. of cigarettes. ' . *-",T
Pass Anti-Cigarette BUI.
INJURED AT UNION IRON WORKS.— John
Bluth, a steam driller, . residing * at "423 Second
street, 'while at work on ; the : steamer 'Alaska,
at the Union Iron Works yesterday, s fell from
a platform twenty-flve feet and received several
contused wounds about the head and body, none
Of which are considered serious. -, ;. ..-•
A meeting of prominent local "Women's
Christian Temperance Union' workers was
held yestenday I afternoon at the State
headquarters on McAllister .street. Oliver
Stewart, chairman of the National • Prohi
bition party, was present and addressed
the meeting on; the prrowth of the move
ment in the East. Mr. Stewart presented
Statistics showing that the Prohibition
vote, had more than doubled. In* certain
sections of the country during the last
few years. A brief address was also
made by Chairman Taynton.of Alameda
County. •„¦_¦-
Addresses Temperance "Workers.
SANTA BARBARA'., March . 21.— S. S.
Price, i for ; several '.years Police Judge , of
this city, died this morning. , Judge Price
had been in his court the day before, but
not ' feeling t well -; had "¦ gone : to ¦ his horse
during ' the,' afternoon. -. There *, wera /no
fears of serious illness. He had always
suffered much from : the effects , of a
wound received during the Civil War. The
bullet penetrated the upper portion of hla
body * and .was s not ¦ recovered. '- It is • sup
posed an ¦ abscess •formed and *; caused
death. 1 ¦<:. '' •-¦•¦*- ,¦-¦•" -.¦¦¦> ¦ V' -. ¦ ¦'"
'.:-.• Mayor Storke has temporarily appointed
Justice of the. Peace \V.«H. Wheaton^. to
serve as Police Judse. - >-.--¦ .
Santa Barbara Judge Bead.
Purim Masquerade.
The consolidated lodges. Golden Gate
end San Francisco, of the Independent
Order of the Sons of Benjamin trill give
ttfeir first Purim masquerade ball In Odd
Fellows Hall Sunday next. This will be
the last of a scries of such balls given by
Jewish organizations In this city in cele
bration of the festival of Purim.
ARRIVED
IATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
» Thursday, March 2L .'
F"r *bark Commandant Marohand, Arneau, SS
d.<ys from Newcastle. XSW. •_ . -
MEMOHANDCM.
Per Fr bark Commandant M&rchand— On
Feb 6 passed the Veiraapea Reef. Eaw a big
b&rk on reef; no elgnals. Could not corns near
in account of bad weather.
H. H. BELL.
B For doing 'right -you may not ' think It neces-
B8ry to be commended. : Nevetheleas y6u should
be. There .will be those who will condemn your
actl6n. -:¦¦ Others ¦ may * feel disposed to impugn
ycur motives. AH this should not deter any
thoughtful, self-respecting, public-spirited •cit
lten from . giving , you all deserved : commenda
tion. ¦ - May -i <3od ; guide you in all future acts
of both. private and public. duty. -Respectfully
Tho > following . self-explanatory letter
was received by Mayor ' Phelan | yesterday
from the pastor of the First United Pres
byterian Church,' Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street:
,Hori. : James IX. Phelan, Mayor of San Fran
cisco—Dear j Sir: "Personally and also in be
half of the good people of our church I desire to
commend your action in vetoing the ordinance
to reopen the Inglestde race track. ¦ In this you
did the manly -thing, and deserve- th» .hearty
commendation of every law-abiding; respect
able citizen- of ' thin city, and county.- ... ..
Commends Racetrack N Veto.
• Examiner Position. - Call.
Horace Egbert.. ..Catcher:. ;...'.. '..'.Dave AVhelan
Matthews Pitcher .....Frank Costello
"IJubonic" Boyle.Flrst base........ '..... Harwood
Boushey Second base.... L. Levy
Cuslck...... ...... .3d b..McGettigan or Callahan
Whitney.........^Shortstop Dunand
Nahl '.Right, field.;.:.....'..'.!* Honig
Kelly.... .....Center field.:. ..F. Mulholland
Johnson. ....... .."..Left field. .....*:.. :.H. Warren
Substitutes: Call — Marron... . Fowzer, Burke,
White. Murphy.' Umpire.-. Dan 'Mills. 'Official
acorer, Joseph Staple ton. -¦-_• >
Game will be called at 10 o'clock sharp.
Teams made ub",of the Examiner ami
The Call's art and reportoriar departments
will play, baseball at Recreation Park to
morrow morning. The game > will decide
the championship of newspaperdom. and
the victors are, to be the guests of. the los
ing team at a midnight supper, to" be 'held
ncxtweek. Special inducements are of
fered* the scribes and j daubers I to jj distin
guish themselves, j ." Theater tickets have
been offered by Mark Thall of -the 'Alcazar
to the man who- makes, the flrs,t-' run and
liquid refreshments will be presented - to
those who reach., third -base. ,«¦ The public
is Invited to see -the gam*. Admission Is
free, but the spectators > are expected to
"root" for either team. The players will
line up as follows:
to Cavort on Diamond To-mor
row SCorning.
Me^nbers of Examiner and Call Staffs
NEWSPAPER MEN TO PLAY
BASEBALL FOB' DINNER
Warner, Miller Franchise Through
the Colville Reservation Is Pur
chased by PresidentjHill. \
TACOMA, Wash., -March:21.— A private
dispatch from New York states that Pres
ident Hill of the'Great Northern has pur
chased from | the" Warner v Miller syndi
cate ¦ the latter*s- surveys -and exclusive
franchise to build a- railroad across the
Indian allotments on the north half of the
Colville reservation. .... .
Miller secured this franchise from the
Interior ; Department ; last year and - or
ganized a syndicate to build a railroad to
the Republic raining districts. " Hill | now
desires to build the raljroad, .having a
water grade to Republic----.-' .-'¦• • ¦
; Tho road. ¦will branch off from the Spo
kane : Falls ¦ and ; ' Northern Railway at
Mtyers Falls, cross the Columbia at Ket
tle Falls, follow I the Kettle River north
into British Columbia and west back into
Washington • near - - Nelson, Wash.; '- and
thence south through Curlew Valley to
Republic. •¦ The ; length "of the road will; be
about 200 miles. Building it will result In
the smelting of Republic ores in this State
Instead of In British Columbia. \Hill
could ¦ not s cross the Colville reservation,
without securing Miller's franchise. .
GREAT NORTHERN GETS
¦ A ROAD TO REPUBLIC
Defeats Miss Alice' Hoffman by Good
Margin in Contest for Coun
cil's Cup. ,
The final round of the fourth contest for
the Council's cup for women was played
yesterday on the links of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club between Mrs. R. Gllman
Brown and Miss Alice C. Hoffman. Mrs.
R. G. Brown verified" the predictions of
the prophets by winning 4 up; 3 to play.
The cup has now been won four times—
twice by Miss Alice Hoffman and twice
by" Mrs. R. • Q. ' • Brown. ¦ pach . of : these
ladies has won a silver miniature replica
of the trophy, which will become the per
manent property of the , first lady , who
places three victories to her credit; The
contest just completed excited. less inter
est than usual, : owing to the generally ac
cepted Idea that the final round would
certainly be Mrs. R. G. Brown
and Miss Alice Hoffman and that the
former would win. ¦ ¦j£2&)iii&£B>5%S&&f
JIBS. BROWN WINS FINAL .
ROUND AT PRESIDIO LINKS
vere noticed Wednesday by Internal Rev
enue Collector Lynch that they' must at
once comply with the act approved March
2. 1901, which provides that from and fitter
the 1st of April, 1901, every person, asso
ciation, copartnership or corporation, who
or which Ehall engage In the business.'of
making or offering to make contracts for
the purchase or sale of grain, .provisions,
raw or unmanufactured cotton, stocks,
bonds or other securities which may be
adjusted with inference to the public mar
ket quotations of prices made on any
board of .trade or exchange, and all per
pons engaged <n conducting bucket-shops,
shall pay an 'nternal revenue license of
2 cents on each $109 In value or fraction
thereof of the merchandise - covered, or
pretended to be covered, and also 2 N cents
on each $100 on the face value of all Blocks
end bonds or other securities." On. or about
the let of April there shall be paid -also
for each branch office or place of business
$12 a0 licenser and on or about the. 1st of
July a license of $50, In addition to the
other taxes. Failure to pay the license
or to furnish the Collector with the prop
er data required by the act will be -pun
ished by a fine of not less than $500 nor
more than JjOOO. •,«,....
Notified Yesterday of the Act of Con
gress Taxing Them for the
Revenue.
Brokers and conductors of bucket shops
ETJCXET-SHOP PEOPLE
MUST PAY UCENSES
. Probable Winners.
Firat race— Sinn, Beau Ormonde, Andrattus.
Second racer-Contestant, Quadra, San Lultlon.
Third race— Yellowtail, Vulcaln, Kenilworth.
Fourth race — Ogle, Vasallo, Dan Collins.
Fifth racey-Nansen, .Vain, Llzzella.
Bixth race— Impromptu, Bernota. Cougar.
Sixth racfr— Seven- furlongs; three-year-olds;
gelling. < .
(2170)Impromptu 110i 2164 Tony Lepping..lO5
2129 Bernota 107 2170 Cougar 110
216* Compass 931 2132 William Ack.,.10O
year-olds and upward; selling. ______
2U8 MacGyle 1B9| 1160 Nilgar' 109
1229 Hlpponax 100 2167 Vain 107
2156 Mont Eagle ...... 107 1 2126 Nansen ..; 107
2051 Artilla 103! 216S Llzzella 100
Seventh race, one mile, selling— Eleven Bells
won,' Dan Rice second. The Jefferson third.
Time, l-.MVt. , r
First race, Bix and a half furlongs—Master
ful won. Assessment (second, Jennie Duffy
third. Time, 1:26.
Second race, six. furlongs, selling — Ben Frost
won, Corialias second. Sir Cristopher third.
Time, 1:17. .
Third race, six furlongs— Velma Clark won.
Miss Golighjly second, Ranco third. Time,
l:16tf. -.
Fourth race, the Boston Club selling stake,
seven furlongs^ — Animosity won, Sim W second.
Cherries third. Time, 1:30.', Dorothy Lee won
but was disqualified for fouling.
Fifth race, mile and three-eighths,' selling-
Leon Ferguson won. Major Manslr second.
Silver Coiu third. Time, 2:24. V.
Sixth : race, one mile, selling — Althea won.
Colonel Gay second, Percy R third. Time 1:13,
NEW ORLEANS, March 21.— Weather fine;
track slow.' Results:
Slow Track.
Seven Events Are Run. OS Over a
RACING AT NEW ORLEANS.
tion Discusses the Act of the
State's Executive.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Water and Forest Association has de
cided to issue "an address to members of
the association and others explaining the
effect of Governor Gage's veto of the bill
providing for a commission to investigate
the water supply of the State. This bill
passed both housos of the Legislature,
having only one vote in opposition in each
house. The veto, so the members of the
suBScciation pay, is likely to largely reduce '
the work that the United States Govern- !
ment will do for the State. The associa- i
tlon during the laet year expended 112,000
to extend the work of the geological sur
vey and the Irrigation investigation. Xow
it is out of funds. Secretary Friedlander
eays that the money raised by the ac
tivity of a few persons since the organi
zation of the as.^ociation was devoted to
showing the State what could be done.
The association never intended to engage
in tield work. What was done was an ob
ject lesson and the almost unanimous ac
tion of the Legislature indicated that the
people were favorable to the enterprise
er.d desired to lend the assistance of the
State in the performar.ee of a work which
was only for the benefit of thr> State.
The discussion of the matter took place
at an executive session of the executive
committee. There were no d-nunciations
of the Governor. A member of the com
mittee pays that the talk was "more In
sorrow than anper." Xo draft of the ad
dreFs to be sent out was submitted. A
"committee will prepare something to be
considered some day next week. There
are between MK»n and G*>0 members of the*
association, of whom 3000 live In or near
Fan Francisco. The remainder are In ail
the counties of the Btate.
California Water and Forest Associa-
GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT
OVEB GOVEENOB'S VETO
The yachting committee of the Glasgow
exhibition, at a meeting held to-day, de
termined on the conditions for the inter
national yacht races, to be held on the
Clyde June 7 and luipe 8. Four cups,
valued at £500, will be offered. One cup,
valued at £125, will be for the first yacht
to cross the 'finish line, irrespective of
size. There will be another cup of the
same value for tho vacht'winning on time
allowance. These prizes will be given each
of the days mentioned. Invitations are
being sent to all the yachting clubs in tha
world and special efforts are being: rnado
to secure American entries.
GLASGOW, March 21.— Captain Syca
more and the crew of Shamrock II have
arrived here and have gone to work pre
paring the cup challenger's gear.- " The
men have been selected from the crews of
the Bona, the Caprice and the Iverna.
They 1 number thirty-three, exclusive of
the "four officers.
the Scottish City.
Cup-Challenger Now Fitting Out in
SHAMROCK IN GLASGOW.
A committee consisting of A. H. Naftz
ger. James Slausson, Seth Marshall.
George ¦ F. Whitcomb and E. : M. Lyon3
was then appointed to confer with the
railroad officials to the end that a time
schedule may be arranged* which the rail
roads must keep or pay a" penalty for
every day ¦ in excess thereof. The matter
of a reduction of rates was also left in
the hands of the ccfmmittee, but'the con
sensus of opinion was that the Important
thing is to secure quick transportation of
the fruit regardless of the freight rates.
Many speeches were made reciting that
freight rates on oranges have been con
siderably increased and that the. time oc
cupied in carrying oranges across the con
tinent had been lengthened from seven
days to twelve and in some cases twenty.
At the afternoon session resolutions
were adopted reviewing, the situation as
depicted above and . mildly scoring the
railroad companies. The resolutions de
clare among other things that the rail
roads have increased their passenger traf
fic by offering special inducements in the
shape of low rates and have taken engines
from the freight service to meet the in
creased demand in the handling: of . pas
sengers, thus causing the freight to suffer.
The fruit men were called to order at
10 o'clock this morning by F. 'Q. Story ot
Los Angeles. George Frost of Redlands
was elected chairman and J. W. Jeffries
'of Azusa secretary. A committee on reso
lutions was appointed and the meeting
took a recess until 1:30 p. m. The mem
bers of the committee are: A. H. NaU
ger, Seth Marshall,. W. J. Mclntyre,
George Jennerson, C. D. Adams, L. L.
Lyons and H. J. Doolittle. '
. LOS ANGELES, March 21.— Orange
growers and shippers from, all over South
ern California assembled here to-day to
discuss the alleged car' famine and the
delay in the transit of fruit to the East.
Hundreds of carloads of fruit, it is said,
are being rejected on arrival a,t their des
tination because of rot. Much of this, the
fruit growers claim, is due to the slow
time made In transit. Thousands of dol
lars have "already been . lost to' growers
and shippers and many carloads of fruit
do not realize the freight charges.
Citrus Men in Southern
California Complain of
Hardships.
GROWERS SCORE
THE RAILROAD
CHICAGO; March S 21.— Dates for the
athletic. events at the Pan-American Ex
position at Buffalo have been finally set
tled upon by the Amateur Athletic Union
officials selected for the purpose— James
E. Sullivan of New York. Walter H. Lig
lnger of Milwaukee and Dr. R, Merrill
Hopkinson of Baltimore. Mr. LJglnger
annpunced the schedule to-day.
For the monster handicap meeting June
13 has been selected. The junior cham
pionships. will be held June 14, and the
following day the senior championships
will be settled.
The all-around championship will be
competed for on the 4th of July, and in
connection with this there will be a mara
thon race, open to the world.
Other events settled on by the Amateur
Athletic Union schedule are a Pan-Ameri
can international world's championship
meeting in September, an intercollegiate
meeting May 31 and June 1, 'lacrosse
championships in July, t Gaelic football
championships and curling matcnes In
August and the Metropolitan Associa
tion's track and field championships in
August. .
American Exposition.
DATES OF CONTESTS NAMED.
Schedule' of Athletic Events at Pan-
A merry war among the medical men of
this city is promised as a result of the
refusal of the State Board of Medical Ex
aminers to issue certificates to recent
graduates of the Pacific Coast Regular
.College of Medicine. A loud wail rose
from the lips of the graduates who were
refused certificates and the faculty of the
college from which they graduated when
the action of the State board was an
nounced, and now the matter has been
carried to the courts.
J. C. Cowden. one of the graduates who
fell under the ruiing of the board, filed a
petition in the interior Court yesterday
for a writ of mandate to compel the issu
ance to him of a certificate. By w&v- of
Introduction to his complaint Cowden al
leges that the action of the State board is
a flagrant, malicious, outrageous, deliber
ate, wanton and reckless abuse and per
version of power conferred upon it by the
Ftatutes, and was taken for the sole pur-
J>ose of protecting Cooper Medical Col
ege, the College of Physicians and Sur
greons and the Medical Department of the
University of California from the compe
tition of the Pacific Coast Regular Col
lego of Medicine.
Cowden asserts that of the Examiners
l>r. E. T. Frisbie is a member of the
faculty of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons; Dr. B. F. Carpenter, Dr. C. A.
L. Ryfkogel and Dr. James McCone of the
Medical Department of the University of
California, and Drs. P.- K. Brown and C.
C. Woodworth of Cooper Medical College.
These physicians, Cowden avers, refused
him a certificate with the malicious de
sign to injure the Pacific Coast Regular
College of Medicine, to prevent It from
.obtaining patronage and recognition, and
to defraud the college of its corporate
right to exercise its franchise.
• - The action has been assigned to Judg-o
Hunt for trial.
CHARGES MEDICAL BOABD
WITH A GRAVE OFFENSE
J. C. Cowdcn Avers That ah "Outra
geous" Effort to Injure College
Is Being Made.
2175. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling:
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index/ Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. hi. 'Str, .Fin.
2158 Mission, 4, 107.... Mounce 3 3^ 11 14
2132 Mitten. 4, 107 Henry 2 1% 21 2 hi
2051 McNamara, 4, Xi7..0 J Con 8 6 1 4 h 3 3
2048 First Call. 6. 113..Bassgr 1 4 h 3 h 4 1
2056 First Shot, 4, 107.Pefson 4 5 h 6 1 5 1
2149 La Borgia, 4, 105..-. ...See 6 7 hi 5 h « 2
2139 S. Garter, 4. 110..J. DalylO 2 2 7 1 7 1
2167 Satan. 4, 107 Ransch 5 8 8 3 8 2
2139 Salvado, 5. 113..Bozeman 9 9 9 2 9 3
2098 Letiger, 4, 107..... Thorpe 7 10 10 10 20
2168 Rlxford. 4, 107 Loguell 11 11 11
Time— hi, :13%; hi, :26; #. :50; %. ¦ 1:2814. Good
start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
,Winner, J. Wilson's ch. g., by Imp. Albert-
Annie Layne. Mission turned a somersault.
Mitten ran 'a nice race. First Call has bad
legs. La Borgia cut oft at start. Salvado will
bear watching. McNamara in bad luck.
Scratched — Morelia 105.
Betting— Mission, 6; Mitten, 6; McNamara,
12-5; First Call, 4; First Shot, 100; La Borgia,
8; Silver Garter, 8; Satan, 40; Salvado, 02; Leti
get. 8; Rlxford. 100.
2174. FIFTH RACE—One mile; selling; four
year-olds and upward; purse, $400. . .. .
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Etr. Fin.
<2076)Astor. 6, 109 O'Connor 5 15-13 14
(2132)The Ph'nic'n. 6, lll.Dom 2 3 2 2 1 2 % '•
2121 Vohicer, 4, 106.. Murphy 1 2 2 3 5 3 9
<I051)Greatland. 5, 110.. Thorpe 3 6 8 4 2 41
2157 Scotch Pl'd, 6, 111. Henry 7 4 1 5 n 6 5
2083 Lena. a. 107 .Ransch 4 6 1 6 5 6 5
2015 M. Kinsella. 6, 102. M" nee 6 7 7 7
Time— M, :25H; hi. M9V4; %, 1:15%: mile, 1:4U4.
Good start. Won easily. Second and' third driv
ing. 'Winner, C. R. Ellison's b. g.. by Alntree-
Stephanie. O'Connor went out in front and won
all the way. The Phoenician bumped at start.
Scotch Plaid ran poorly. So did Lena. Scratched
— MacGyle 105. Handicapper 109, Jennie Reid 98.
Betting— Astor, 7-2: The Phoenician. 13-10;
Vohicer, 8; Greatland, 7: Scotch Plaid, 9-2;
Lena, 20; Mary Kinsella, 100.
2173. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a six
teenth; handicap; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $550.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
2138 Tuthill, 4, 102 Mounce 1 14 15 14
(215DS. Chamber, 4, lOO.O'Con 3 2 1 2 12 2
(2138)Ad. Guard, 4. 127.PIggott 2 3 3 3
Time— 1-16. :06»i; Vi, :2S; %. :49%: %, 1:14%;
mile. 1:40%; 1 l-16m., 1:47%. Good start. Won
easily. Second easily. Winner, J. McCaftery's
br. h., by Fordham-Old Miss. Tuthill ridden
differently this trip. Advance Guard all out at
head of stretch. O'Connor's only chance was
to go out with leader. Scratched— St. Wood 97.
Betting— Tuthill, 9-5; Star Chamber. 13-10;
Advance Guard. 5-2. •
2172. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2083 Rio Chico, 5, 110.... See 1 3 3 3>i Ins
2149 Catastrophe, a, 110. Daly 4 2 h 2 hi 2 h
1902 Dolore, a, 109 Bennetts 4 2 4 2 3 V6
2157 T. Irishman, 4, lO/.Mnce 2 6 1 5 8 4 3
2131 R. Shannon, 4, 110. Kelly 5 5 1 6 1 5 10
2079 C. Le Bel. 6. UO.Tullett 7 8 10 7 8 6 1
2161 Rinaldo, 6, 110...Domnk 6 1 h In 7 10
2081 Benedict. 4. 107.Mathws 8 7 16 8 15 8 20
2155 T. Morello, 4, 110. Brown 9 9 9 9
2167 Montanus. 6, 113.. Thorpe •
Time— hi. :2C; H. :50; %, l:02tf: %. 1:29. Bad
start. Won first three driving. Winner, J.
Sullivan's ch. g. by imp. Chesterneld-Jennle
D. See on winner ¦ outfiniehed Daly. Tame
Irishman no wonder. With a better start Ri
naldo mijjht have won. The Benedict away
poorly. Rio Chico showed improvement.
Scratched— Mont Eagle 107. 'Left.
Betting— Rio Chico, 50; Catastrophe, 6; Do
lore, 60; Tame Irishman, 3; Rio Shannon, 12;
Charles Le Bel, 100; Rinaldo, 6-2; The Bene
dict, 4; Young Morello, 100; Montanus, 12. '
2171. BECOND RACK— Six and a half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$400.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jackey. St. M- Str. Fin.
2113 D. Maid, 4, 105..O*Conr 3 4 n 1 M 1 1
! 2148 Kedwald, 4, 110 Enos 6 5 1 2 1 2 1
(2150)Our Lizzie, 6, 107. Henry 2 2 n 3 1 3 1
2144 Jerld, 6, 109... Dominick 111 4 H * 2
2090 Esplrando, 6, 106.... Bell 4 3 2 5 1 5 1
2121 Gibraltar, 6, 109 See 7 7 12 6 4 6 10
(2132)N'ullab. 4, 101 Mounce 8 8 8-7%
2047 Moringa, 6, 106. . . .Weir 5 6 h 7 3 8
Time-3-16, :19; 7-16, :42%; 9-16, :54^; 6%f,
1:20%.' Poor start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, S. W. Streett's ch. m.
by St. Leonards-Hand Maid. Winner best and
well ridden. Redwald weakly ridden. Jerld
stopped. See could do nothing with Gibraltar.
Nullah practically left.. Scratched— Prejudice
103, Phoeniesa 104.
Betting— Dangerous Maid, 1; Redwald, 6;
Our Lizzie,< 18-5; Jerid. 12; Esplrando, 100;
Gibraltar, 20; Nullah, 20; Moringa, 100.
T^ ¦Krjrn-R.AN" PARK-Thursday, March
.21. 1901.— Weather cloud>\ Track fast.
217O. . FIRST RACE-SIi furtongrs; selling;
three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Vi. %. Fin.
' 1311 Impromptu. ' 112 ..Henry 4 5h 3 1 lh
2159 Cougar, 112 .;. O'Connor 8 7 2 5 2 2 1
20S2 Invictus, 109 ....Thorpe 3 2 1 2 1-32
2117 Sublime, 107 Daly 2 3 1 4 H 4 2
2070 Satin Coat, 112 Bee 6 8 5 6 1 5 4
2117 Scalawag, 109 ..Mounce 1 1 H 1 Vt 6 1
2159 ImmctfJell.- 112 Bell T 6 H 8-10 1 5
(2162)Mrs. Brunell, 107..Domk 5 4 2 7 1 8 10
S53 Yodel, 107 Stuart 9 9 9 9
Time-H,. :24'/4; %, :4S&; %. '1:14)4. Good
start. Won first three driving. Winner, A.
G. Blakeley's b. c. by Crescendo-Amida. Hen
ry did not see Cojugar coming on the outside
and nearly tossed race away. Winner much
the best. Invictus showed improvement. With
better luck Satin Coat would have been closer
up. • Scalawag quit. Scratched— Marcy 109,
Kondo 109, Nellie Forest 107.
Betting — Impromptu, 6-5; "Cougar, 2; Invic
tus, 16; Sublime, 20; Satin Coat, 30; Scalawag,
10; Immodell, 200; Mrs. Brunell, 20; Yodel, 300.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
of Klizabeth and is not made responsible
¦tor any los-s that may occur in the" man
agement of that fund. The remainder of
the estate, supposed to be worth about
S2S&JD0Q. was divided equally between Mrs.
MoKee and Klizabeth Harrison. Russell
Harrison's children, their father holding
it in trust for them.
Unfier the laws of this State the widow
of a second marriage if she has children
Is entitled to all the privileges the widow
of the first marriage would enjoy — that is.
s=he can elect to stand by the will of the
husband, can take a child's part or can
take one third, and do with it r.s she
jjleasi-s. If she refuses to stand by the
wlU and demands one third of the estate
fhe would receive about $125,000 to do with
cs she pleases and would thus reduce the
shares of each of the other children to
about $80,0*). and she and Elizabeth to
gether would get S205.0C<0, and the shares
of Mrs. McKee and of Russell Harrison
would each be reduced about $20,000.
Under Lavrs of Indiana She Can Do
This as She Enjoys All the
Privileges of a First
INDIAXArOI.lS. March 2L — It Is
stated on the authority of Intimate friends
of Mrs. Harrison that she is considering
the propriety of standing upon her rights
as the widow of General Harrison and
taking- ore third of the estate, thus re
jecting the provision made for her in the
will.
As the bequests now stand she gets $15,-
OG0 in cash, a life interest in $125,000 and
in the North Delaware street home, prop
erty In the Adirondacks in fee simple and
has control over $10,000 for the education
Mrs. Harrison Wishes the
Control of One-Third
of the Estate.
NOT SATISFIED
WITH BEQUESTS
¦¦ Besides the main: go -between -McClure
and Kelly there w«Te six preliminaries.
"Kid" Victor -won from Jack. Kennedy on
a knockout in the fourth round. .'"Kid".
Parker and "Younsr" Snailham fought
four rounds to a draw and an extra round
was called to decide the bout. Parker got
so much the best of. -it that the fight was
stopped and the decision given to him.
Louis Long won lrom George Murray
on a knockout in the third round.- "Kid *
Hart. got the decision over "Kid" Klein
on [>oints. Billy McDonald knocked out
Jack McGlnness in the second round.'
"Nobby" Otts finished Archie Dean in the
first round.
OAKLAND, Marc;* 21.— Mike McClure
fought four fast rounds against "Cyclone"
Kelly before the West Oakland Athletic
Club to-night. He was awarded the de
cision on points. . The '," clubroom was
packed and 'all the events furnished good
sport. ':£::£¦
MIKE McCLTJRE WINS
FBOJI "CYCLO1TE" KELLY
Interesting Sport Enjoyed by Patrons
* v of West Oakland Athletic
Club.
Fifth race— One mile and a sixteenth; four-
Fourth race — Three furlonsrs; maiden two
year-old*; selling-.
2154 Vasallo 105 2154 Hard Night 108
2165'Dan Collins 105 .... Porous 110
1165 Priam 105 2154 Frank Bain 108
2165 Ogle -.108 2087 Snooze 105
2065 Trsula 107| 2010 Sister Abble....lO5
1602 Victoria Belle..l05| 2130 Legato 108
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward ; purse.
2168 Mldlan llOr 211T Alleviate .108
<1885)Vulca.ln 118! 2163 Rosormonde ...108
(2075)Kenilworth ....U2j 214S Dr. Cave ..118
«151 AndrtMi 105; 211J Sad Sam 104
2120 Yellow tall 110 1 .... Precursor no
Second race — Tfiree furlongs; maiden two
year-olds; selling.
2123 B. C. Greene.. .112 Tibs "..107
2147 Contestant 105 2165 San Luitlon....l07
£065 Muslque 105 Gypsy Boy 10S
2027 The Maniac. ...108 '....Quiet 114
2064 Royalty 105 2027 Huachuca 108
1806 Dandy 108| 2147 Quadra 105
First race — Five and a half furlongs: three
year-olds; purse.
2162 Carrie Luca«...107| 2159 Andrattus 107
2102 Rio de Altar.. .112, 1124 Nellie Forest.-.. 107
2162 Luca 107 2164 Skip Me 107
2120 Beau Ormonde. 112 2152 Homage 107
2153 Lief Prince 112 (21U)Sinn ...107
(2140)MatIlda 0 107 (2164)Eonlc ..... .107
Entries for To-Day.
Eighteen books again cut in. "Silver
Bill" Reilly retired and George Rose took_
his place.
Pat Dunne thought Star Chamber cculd
take the measure! of Advance Guard, but
did not think' Tuthill would cut such a
striking figure.
Winnie O'Connor rode a pair of winners.
Willie See has greatly improved in his
riding of late.
Oeorge Walker, a- prominent Denver'te
and admirer of the horse, left for his
home last evening.
Track Notes.
ANYBODY who thinks Tod Sloan is
the greatest rider In the business
would have been repaid by a
visit to Tanforan Park yester
day, if for nothing more than to
see Dominick straddle Tuthill in the mile
and a sixteenth handicap. 'On Saturday
last at the premature opening of Ingleside
Sloan rode Tuthill with 105 pounds up in
a "special" at the same distance against
Advance Guard, the latter shouldering 125
pounds. Tuthill was a hot favorite, and,
contrary to all expectations, was rated,
or. in other words, ran under a choking'
pull most of the way, while the top
weight cut out the pace.
To be sure, near the close the public got
the English roll and a hot cross bun for
their money, were pleased that Ingleside
was again upon the map, and took the
cars homeward bound. In yesterday's
speed recital Tuthill picked up 102, Ad
vance Guard 127. Joe Piggott, who
rode the last named . horse, his first
mount since being reinstated, was ac
corded a hearty reception. Strangely
enough, Advance Guard closed outsider
of the three starters, Pat Dunne's Star
Chamber, piloted by O'Connor, enjoying
the call. The race was strictly a bewil
dering reversal of form, for, after step
ping off the mile out In front in 1:40%, Tut
hill won, throwing the bit away, and
Dominick looking backward at the hard
ridden Star Chamber, four lengths in his
rear. Advance Guard was as straight as
the City Hall flagstaff when the stretch
turn was rounded. The old-time Pennsyl
vania oil well borer cracked English wal
nuts on the top of a can of nitroglycer
ine, and his relatives are searching for
him still. When Toddy steered Tuthill he,
too, grew careless, and no doubt mis
judged, the pace.
The hot tip on Star Chamber was not
the only happening that gave the talent
cramps, for four other choices strayed
from the narrow path. Rinaldo met with
hard luck at the start, the pedigree of
I The Phoenician became twisted, and Mc-
Namara stopped to pick a bunch of
shamrocks, lllo Chico again caused a
ripple of excitement by taking the third
number at odds of 50' to 60 to i.
Henry, who rode Impromptu, favorite
for the first event at six furlongs, nearly
threw the purse away after having it won.
With Invictus on the rail at hia mercy I
he did not notice O'Connor astride Cougar
creeping up on the outside. When past
the paddock he turned just in time, and
riding hard, again got the favorite's head
in front, receiving the decision by a nar
row margin.
Winnie O'Connor brought in "Doc"
Streett's mare. Dangerous Maid, first for
the six and a half furlong spin. She
closed an even money chance and prac
tically ridden out beat Redwald a length.
Jeria paused for a Jtst after making the
running to the strewn, losing third posi
tion to Our Lizzie. Willie See, could not
make Gibraltar extend himself.
Two noses and a head on the wire, with
Rio Chico receiving the verdict over Ca
tastrophe and Dolore, marked the close
of the seven furlong run which followed.
See put up a very strong finish on the
winner else Catastrophe, plainly the best,
would have scored. There was a mix-up
at the start, in which Rinaldo, the favor
ite, did net get any the best of it. At
that he led into the sretCh, but could not
last out. A few Chinese lottery players
bet a dollar or so on the winner.
Astor. owned by Charley Ellison* who
left some weeks ago for Hot Springs with
a stack of Invictus tickets as high as the
Claus Spreckels building and a bunch of
coin that would send Rip Van Winkle up
into the Catskills again, downed The Pho
enician for the mile selling affair. Nearly
everybody who flattered himself with pos
sessing good sound horse sense put his
checks down on the latter horse and Astor
beat him all the way at odds of 7 to 2.
Vohicer made a very, cheerful showing,
securing the small end of the purse.
Scotch Plaid ran disappointingly.
These unfortunates who backed Mission
on his laet two starts when ridden by
"Pedro" Enos got low and game. With
Mounce up the Imp. Albert gelding came
in aheud of a cluster of fair ones In the
last i ace, beating Mitten and McNamara,
the favorite, four open lengths. There
was a time when Enos, down on the
ground, ¦was moving lamp posts and bri«;'t
buildings looking for reinstatement, and
it might be well to remind the same ridtr
that some of his recent' rides have worn
freckels that a two-dollar sunbonnet
wouldn't hide.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Star Chamberand Advance Guard Gould
Not Make the Magrane Entry Raise
. a Gallop— Some Upsefs at Tanforan
TUTHILL ROMPS HOME
FOR THE HANDICAP
One Vesel Is Sunk in Collision and
Others Are Reported in
, . Distress.
' LONDON, ' March 22.— Reports from all
over the country tell of disastrous gales,
snowstorms" and extreme cold. Heavy
mows have ; fallen In Devonshire and
Cornwall, where snow plows are being
used to clear the railway lines.
Terrible gales are sweeping , the chan
nel, and,' several vessels, are reported in
distress, one drifting helplessly off the
Anglesey coast.
ANTWERP, March 21.— The steamer
Chemnitz of the German-Australian
Steamship' Company and the British
steamer Tay collided last night in the
Flushing roadstead. The Tay sank. Thir
teen" of her crew perished and only two
were saved. .The Tay had put into the
Flushing- roadstead- owing to the storm.
The Chemnitz sailed from Sydney, Aus
tralia,-for Hamburg on January 14.
CADIZ, Spain, March 21.— A heavy gale
is preventing vessels from leaving the
harbor and shipping disasters are feared.
DISASTROUS GAXES
AND EXTREME COLD
when it" .became known that the battle
ship Massachusetts was aground hard
and fast on the hard sand hear Fort
Pickens. . ¦ ¦ ;¦',.-,<£
..' A squadron comprising the Kearsarge,
the Alabama and the Massachusetts got
under way at noon and started seaward.
There was a heavy sea on and the wind
was blowing well. The Alabama and
Kearsarge passed through the channel all
right, but the Massachusetts steered
wildly when nearing the shoals near Fort
Pickens and went hard on the shoals and
stuck there despite all efforts to get her
off. A number of jtugs pulled on her but
without avail. She is in twenty-four feet
of water,- and as the bottom is sand no
apprehension Is felt. Pilots here cay she
can be pulled off easily to-morrow at high
tide. She had an experienced pilot on
board. : . '
PENSACOLA, Fla., . March 21.— Great
excitement - was ; ;' created here to-night
Grounded in Sands of Pensacola
Channel and Despite Previous :
Failure It Is Hoped to
¦'-/•>' ']•¦" Get Her Off.
Massachusetts Runs on the
Shoals While Leaving
Florida Port.
BIG BATTLESHIP
IS HARD ASHORE
HELLO GIRLS, BE SURE YOU'RE
HEALTHY AND THEN GO AHEAD
Only the Physically Perfect Maiden May Hereafter Hope
§1 to Secure Employment at Telephone Office/ but Not
Until She Has Been Examined by Competent Doctor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1901.
who would wear the blue jacket.
When a telephone "rooky" hands In her
application with a certificate from Mrs.
Dr. Brown securely pinned to it she can
he sure that she is physically sound from
the sole* of her feet to the crown of her
bead; that her hearing and eyesight are
perfect and that, try as hard as he usual
ly does,, no dentist could find even one
small cavity In all her pearly teeth.
Applicants for telephone positions have
not taken very klndlv to the physical ex
amination proposition. Mrs. Dr. Brown,
they declare, understands her duties.
The cirls are compelled to disrobe and
after their respective hearts and lungs
have been tested, their digestion declared
good and their form divine, up to the pos-
i , LL applicants for positions as tel
/\ /. ephone operators must be'accom
/-^\ panied by a certificate signed by
A j!L Mrs. Dr. Charlotte" Brown and
setting forth that the applicant
is in a perfect 'physical condition. This
Is the latest thing that the prospective
"hello girl" confronts^ and the telephone
management 'is explaining by insisting
that they must have healthy maids or
none. ¦ • .
; The new law is going, to make it a more
serious matter. to work for the telephone
company than for . Uncle Sam. . ,The tele
phone girl must be physically as perfect
as Uncle Sam's sailor laddies and she will
be obliged to submit to quite as severe a,
physical, examination as must the man
ycurs,
4
1 Union-made hats for $1.30. ||
II •' . The exclusive hatters' price for hats equal to . ours for $1.30 ii • E
II $2.00. Our hats bear the union label and the variety is immense. ||
fa They come in soft and stiff styles as follows: H
H Shapes of soft hats: Fedora, Graeco, Alpine, Violet, Dnnlap and y
B Golf; the colors are black, brown, cedar, pearl, otter, blue pearl, ox- U
eg ford, Yale, Cambridge and Eton. i.j
B ; The Derbys come in six different shapes; the colors are black, IS
1 .' brown, cedar; Oxford, timber, oajc and steel mixed. H
B- That's variety enough to: suit anybody's taste. jj
I Out-of-town orders filled — -irr/to us. *!
H , * Jg . V r * 1 ¦*- _n^ ¦ I
m 71^ JVl Qt*kc t StPC Ct I
i^§ X "M J|\ WILL RETURN TO ITS MATOBAL COLOR fc^l£
CARTER 'S SWEDISH HAIR RENEWErlJ^
' fOR SALE BY AU. DBUCSIST*. . . iK< *£
" ' ¦ PRICE J?»5 CENTS. ff/Q '^SUICIDE OF A ¦WOMAX.-Mrs. "Eliza Swan
lgan. a mulatto resident of tr.« tenderloin.
committed suicide yesterday bj • taiinr car
bolic acid. Her husband la a Pullman porter.
OVERHEAD WIBES MUST
CROSS AT COMMON POINT
American District Company Want3
Equal Privileges "With. Boy-
Messenger Concern.
Superintendent Hewitt of the Depart
ment of Electricity informed the Super
visors" Klro Committee yesterday that he
would report within ten days regarding
the designation of the common points at
which overhead wires for messenger serv
ice should be strung. Charles Ackerman,
president of the American District Corn-
pony, urged the committee to recommend
that the Board of Supervisors Instead of
the Chief of the Department of Electricity
be vested with supervision of overhead
wires. Ackexman repeated hla request
made at the last meeting that his com
pany be granted the privileges of strlng
lr-B overhead -wires and maintaining push
buttons now enjoyed by the rival boy
messenger service. He asserted that
Hewitt had given out Information to that
company as to which polnt3 of common
crossing would be designate*!, "but this
wis denied by Hewitt.
The committee reported, favorably on
the recommendation of the Board of
"Works tbat Front street. betw**en Jack
son and Washington, be paved -writh basalt
blocks at a cost of $3715.
into port shortly after the Rio went to
the bottom, the inquiry adjourned until
Monday, when Pilot Johnson. who
brought in the Frederica, will be exam
ined.
TO SAIL.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height cf tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .-:_,'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 21— Stmr Ken
fington, for Antwerp; stmr L'Aquitaine, for
Havre.
Arrived March 21— Stmr Pennsylavnia, from
Hambunr and Plymouth.
Sailed March 21— Stmr Barbarossa, for Brem
en, via Southampton.
BOSTON-Arrlved March 21-Stmr Baxonta,
from Liverpool; stmr Corean, from Glasgow.
QUEEXSTOWN — Arrived March 21-Stmr
Commonwealth, from Boston, for Liverpool
Stmr Teutonic, from Liverpool, for New
York.
PALERMO— Arrived March 21-Stmr August?
Victoria, for New York, returning from Ori
ental cruise. •
GLASGOW'— Sailed March 20— Stmr Monte
vldean, for Bonton.
ANTWERP— Sailed March 21— Stmr Neder
land. for Philadelphia.
ROTTERDAM-Satled March 21-Stmr Rot
terdam, for New York.
CAPE SPARTEL— Passed March 21— Cruising
yacht Prlnzessien Victor Louise, from New
York, via Funchal, for Gibraltar. Mediter
ranean and Black Sea ports.
KIXSALE— Passed March 21— Stmr Cufic.
from New York, for Liverpool.
. VICTORIA — Arrived March 21 — Br ship
Drumcralr. from Cardiff.
NANAIMO— Arrived March 20— Nor ¦tmr
Tltanla. hence March 16.
SALIXAS CRUZ — Sailed March 20 — Brie
Courtney Ford, for Port Angeles.
SYDNEY— Arrived March 20— Schr Irene
from Kureka.
MANILA— Arrived March 19— U S stmr Sheri
dan, hence Feb 16.
Sailed March 20— U S stmr Egbert/ for Saj
Francisco, via Taku.
COLOX—Arrived March 13— Stmr City of
Washington, from New York.
Railed March U-Stmr Finance, for New
York.
HAMBURG — Sailed March 17— Ger bark
Fahrvvohl, for San Diego.
HULL— Arrived March 19— Br ship Acamas.
hence Nov 3.
PANAMA— Arrived March U— Stmr City of
Para, hence Feb 13. .
Sailed March 7-Stmr City of Sydney, for
Ean Francisco.
XAXAIMO— Palled March 21— Xor stmr Tita
nia, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 20— Stmr Farallon.
rrom EKaguay. March 21— Stmr Santa Barba
ra, hence March 16; stmr Leelanaw. hence
March 17; bark James Tuft, from Tacoma
Sailed March 20— stmr City of Seattle for
Fkapuay; Br stmr Moyune, for Tacoma. March
21— Br Ftmr Port Albert, for Port Gamble:
stmr S.inta Barbara, for Everett.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrived March 31-Br stmr
Port Albert, from Seattle; schr Endeavor, from
Port Townsend.
EUREKA- Arrived March 21— Schr J G Will
nencc March 13; stmr Lakme. hence March IS"
stmr Brunswick and Chlco, hence March 20-
Etmr San Pedro, hence March 20
XUAH BAY— Passed In March 20— Bark Pac
tolus. hence Feb 27. for Whatcom. March 21—
Br rttnr Mlovfra, from Sydney, for Vancouver
Passed out March 21— U S etmr Columbine*
stmr Trogreso, from Tacoma, for San Fran
cisco.
REDONDO^-Arrived March 21— Stmr News
boy, herce March J5.
PORT LUDLOW- Sailed March 21— Bktn Kll
kitat. for Honolulu.
SAX PEDRO-Arrived March 21-Stmr Aber
deen, from Eureka; stmr Coronado. from Re
dondo.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 20— Bark Kate
Davenport, hence Feb 26.
Sailed March 20-Br ships Comliebank and
Colony, for C)ueenstown.
Arrived March 21— Stmr Geo W Elder, henc*
March 19: stmr Coquille River, hence March 17.
Sailed March 21— Br stmr Klntuck. for Ma
nila: srhr Maid of Orleans, for Chlcnlk Bay
PORT TOYVXSEXD-Arrived March 21-Nor
bark Passepartout, from Honolulu.
Passed in March 21— Bark Haydn Brown, for
Honolulu.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived March 21— Bark
Pactolus, hence Feb 27.
PORT AXGELES— Arrived March 20-Shlp
James Drummond, from Honolulu, for Che
malr.'jj".
COOS BAT— Sailed March 21— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco. "
Arrived March 21— Schr Gem. hence March 9.
Bailed March 21— Stmr Signal, for San Fran
cisco. «
FORT BRAGG — Arrl\-ed March 21— Stmr
Noyo. hence March 20.
SAN* DIEGO— Sailed March 21— Br stmr Bel
gian King, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA. March 21— More salmon cases are
coming as=hore marked CCC . fiats. Middle C
in semicircle. Also white painted cabin plank-
Ing. All with barnacles on.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per bark Martha Davis— March 19, lat 27 IS
N, Ion 12S 26 W, passed Br ship showing let
ters X B G E. She is the Br ship Kate
ihomas, from Iqulque. for Portland.
MEMORANDUM.
CAPTAIN JORDAN BEFORE
• PHiOT COMMISSIONERS
Repeats His Testimony Given at tha
Federal Investigation of .the
Rio "Wreck.
Pilot Frederick W. Jordan occupied the
witness stand yesterday morning during
the Investigation which Is being held by
the State Pilot Commissioners and 're
hearsed, without divulging any new facts,
the story of the slnklnff of the Rio de
Janeiro. His testimony was practically
the same aa that given before the United
States Inspectors of Local and Foreign
Steam Vessels. Captain Leale conducted
the examination of the pilot and asked
many searching Questions.
After reading the statement of First Of
ficer Peterson of the Sequoia, which came
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE,
Steamer Movements.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The Laomene will load wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, owners' account.
Merchandise for Tahiti.
The steamer Australia cleared yesterday for
Tahiti with a general cargo valued at $20,033.
including the . following: 13 pkgs agricultural
Implements. 2S4 ctls Ijarlt-y. 12 csks bottled beer.
TuSO gals b«er in bulk, t- ere bicycles and sun
dries, 1C72 rbs beans. 31,024 lbs 19 tins bread.
2460 1138 bran. 27 coiU cordage, 67 cs canned
goods. 41 C3 drugs, 33 cs dry goods. 64 cs coal
oil. 415 bbls flour. 44 l>xs fruit, 250 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, a bales hay. 23 grind
stones. 105 Mis iron. -?S0 It>s lard. 53 pkgs
lamp goods, 17,046 ft lumber, 3 pkgs machinery,
II crs millwork, -21 cs nails and spikes, 22 C8
c!l. 14 crs cnions, 15 cs paint. 109 pkgs pro
duce. 11 bales paper. C4 crs potatoes, 140 .bxs
pressed brick. 26S0 lbs rolled barley. 4663 lbs
rice. 13,302 7bs tugar, 1G cs Eho*s, 120 cs 8 bbls
salmon, 5662 tus eait. 10 sewing machine*. 10
che3ts tea, 10 pkgs saddlery. 43,000 shingles,
BS cs soap. 63 crs vegetables, 33 pkgs wagon
material, 3397 gals wino, 15 reels wire rope, 5
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVE!
Thursday, March 2L
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. 54 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson. 6S hours from Port-
Land.
Stmr Scotia, "Walvig, 42 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 24 hours from Monterey.
Schr Arago, Mclntosh, 21 days from Unpa.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 40 hours from
ban l_>I«»~o.
Ship Indiana, Bolton, 12 days from Oyster
Harbor.
Ger ship Anna, Bojlman, 70 daya from New
castle, Aus.
Bark R P Rithet. McPhail, 18 days from
Honolulu.
Bark Martha Davis, McAlmon, 22 clays from
Hilo.
Br bark Killcran, Jones, ti days from Talca
huano. / .
Schr Archie and Fontle. Hunting, 20 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr O M Kellogg, Iversen, 18 days from Ma
hukuna.
Bchr Muriel. Carlsen, 15 days from Hono
lulu.
Echr Stanley, Schmalti. 13 days from Hana.
CLEARED.
Thursday, March 2L
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti; J D Epreck
cls & Broa Co.
Etmr Corona. Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Stmr Rainier, Hansen. Seattle; Pollard St.
Dodze.
fichr Mary E Foster, Thompson, Honolulu;
Williams, Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, March 2V
Stmr Rainier. H&nsen, Seattle.
Etmr Del Norte. AH«n. .
8trar Geo Loomie. Badger. Ventura.
Stmr Ban Bias, Cattarinlch, San Jose de
Stmr Rival. Johnson. Wlllapa Harbor.
Ftmr Scotia, iValvl., .
Schr Monterey. Beck, Coos Bay.
Sehr Mary E Foster. Thompson. Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS, March 2U 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 36 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Feb IS, lit 1 N, Ion 2S W-Br BhlD W J
Pirrie. from Portland, for Que«nstown.
tttttrtc
and Herold and Secretary Engrllsh were
the guests of Captain Moffett aboard the
Clilean steamer Tucapel yesterday.
Captain Cattarlnlch takes the Mall
Company's San Bias to Central America.
OVERDUE FRENCH BARK DUPLEIX IN A CALM NEAR THE EQUA
TOR. SHE WAS A LOXG TIME GETTING HERE. THE DELAY BE
ING CAUSED BY LIGHT WINDS AND CALMS.
Is More Than One Hundred Days Coming From Australia,
and It Was Feared That the Cargo Had Caught Fire.
More Cases of Salmon Cast Ashore on Oregon Coast
ANOTHER overdue vessel made
port yesterday morning, much to
the joy of reinsurance gamblers.
Tuesday the French bark Du
pleix. 102 days from Newcastle.
Aus., wajs posted among the list of belated
ships and 20 per cent was offered by the
underwriters to reinsure the hull and car
go of coal. The mail boat Sonoma brought
the news that the Star of Bengal had ar
rived at Honolulu with her cargo heated,
and 170 tons of coal had to be jettisoned.
It was this news that gave rise to fear
for the Dupleix. as she was loaded with
the same kind of coal as the Star of Ben
sal.
A'.most before there •was a chance to
speculate upon the overdue she put in an
appearance. Still seme few people took
the risk and gathered In their premiums
yesterday. Captain Haraug of the Du
pleix explains his long run by the terse
comment "light winds and calms." For a
week at a time the bark did not make five
knots, and on one occasion she lost
ground.
The chances are that the rate of rein
surance on the British ship Ardnarrrur
rhan will go up to-day. She is now out
"16 days from the Frazer River for Liver
pool, and 50 per tent is offered. A private
wire from Astoria says that more cases
of salmon and also some white-painted
cabin plar.king ore coming ashore on the
Oregon coast. The salmon cases are
marked "C. C. C." the middle "C" being
in a half circle. Salmon cases with simi
l.ir marking came ashore several weeks
ago and were identified as part of the
cargo shipped on the Ardnamurchan. It
begins to iook dnrk for the Britisher.
COMES NEAR DROWNING.
Captain Freese Accidentally Thrown
From the Robert Dollar.
WhUe standing on the deckload of the
Robert Dollar yesterday Captain A. C.
Freeze pot entangled in a guy rope and
was thrown clear across a lumber scow
lyir.p alongside the steamship into the
bay. He was not only badly hurt by the
rope, but was half-drowned before being
rescued. He was sent honse in his buggy
and a doctor called in. No bones were
found to be broken and the captain is
now on the rnad to recovery.
The Robert Dcllar was lying at the Ber
ry-street wharf discharging 400.030 feet of
jumbor for the Hunters Point drydock
into scows. Captain Freese had the con-
Tract for the stevedoring, and paid a
visit to the steamship to see how his men
wore getting along. Owing to a misunder
standing the dor.key engine was started
and the guy rope, catching Captain
Freeze around the shoulders and under
the left arm, iifted him into the air and
hurled him across the scow and ir.to the
bay. Had he been hurled against the
boat the ex-Public Administrator would
have been instantly killed. As it was, he
had a marvelous escape.
Manv Vessels Sail In.
Five of the sujrar fleet and one coal ship
from Australia sailed into port yesterday.
The wind was fair, blowing forty-eight
miles an hour from the northwest, so tug
boats were at a discount. Among those
that got in were the schooner Stanley,
nineteen days from Hana: schooner O. M.
Keliops. eighteen days from Mahukona;
schooner Muriel, fifteen days from Hono
lulu: bark R. P. Rithet, eighteen days
from Honolulu, and bark Martha Davis,
twenty-two days from Hilo.
Whiie the KreneH bark Dupleix took 103
days to come from Newcastle. Aus.. the
German bark Anna covered the same dis
tance in seventy days. The latter also
Failed In. and in dropping anchor off Goat
Inland got foul of the Postal Telegraph
< "ornpany's cable. The tug Detiance
tteraed her and moved her to a safe an
chorage.
Sailing Dates Postponed.
The transport Pak Ling was to have
sailed for Manila yesterday with 750
horses for the Eleventh Cavalry. As it
cvrs blowing hard from, the northwest
¦jutsiae yesterday it was decided to post
pone the Bailing until to-day.
The Oceanic Company's Australia was
2ue to have got away for Tahiti yester
iay at 2 p. m.. but the cargo could not be
rot aboard, so the sailing was postponed,
jr.tii 5« o'clock this morning. The Austra
ia will take away fifteen cabin and thirty
steerage passengers for Papeete.
The Mail Company's City of Peking,
Krhich was scheduled to sail to-morrow
r or the Orient, will not get away until
rucsday, the 2Cth. owing to a flaw In the
:ub of the propeller.
Accidents on the Front.
William F. Lee, an employe of George
\Y. Caswell & Co.. was nearly killed on
Lhc front yesterday. He was driving a
buggy when the horse ran away along
Kast street. He crossed through all the
cable and electric cars at the foot of Mar
ket street, but collided with a butcher's
¦waRon near Howard-street wharf. Lee
was thrown out on his head and rendered
unconscious. At the Harbor Hospital It
v.es fcur.d that he was badly bruised and
hud a bad lacerated wound of the scalp,
but was otherwise all right.
Harry Morris, a salesman for an up
town house, fell overboard from Clay
street wharf yesterday. He was rescued
by T. Carter, the boatman, and was none
the worse for his duckine.
Water Front Notes.
The transfer of the Klmball Steamship
Company's fleet to R.cbert Dollar has lit
tle or no significance, as the same people
v.lll handle the vessels and there will be
really nothing but a cangre of name. John
S. Kimball retired from the concern that
b^ars his name nearly eighteen months
£go.
A walking delepute from the stevedores*
union tried to call out the men at work
on the ship Lucille yesterday. Some of
the men belonged to the union and some
did net. The latter are anxious to become
union men. but as there are two unions
they do not know which to Join. Captain
I3er.nett discussed the whole matter quiet-
Jy with th- walking delegate and his em
ployes and agreed to have all the men
objected to Join the union as soon as the
opposing factions settled their differences.
Max KailFh, the popular manager of the
Humboldt Steamship Company, came to
town yesterday. He starts for Puget
Sound next Sunday.
Harbor Commissioners Kilburn. Harney
DUPLEIX IS POSTED AS OVERDUE,
BUT LIGHT WINDS CAUSE DELAY
FRIDAY, MARCH 22.
OLD TIME SKIPPER ENDS .
HIS LIFE WITH EEVOLVEE
J. W. Harrington, a master mariner, 63
years old, killed .himself yesterday morn
ing In the County. Almshouse by shootlns
himself through -the stomach with "a re
volver.
Harrington was unable to perform man
ual labor and suffered much from a rup
ture. His aged -wife took sick recently
and was removed to the City and County
Hospital, where she now lies on her death
bed. Since her Illness her husband be
came very, despondent and during the last
month often told his friend,- J." H. Kuhl,
who . keeps a/ coal yard on Fourteenth
"street, , that ' he , Intended ' to commit : su!
clde because he '. had no hope . for the
future. -:. Mr. , Kuhl ¦¦¦ endeavored « to cheer
him and: suggested that he become an In
mate of the Almshouse, where he could
pass the remaining days of hJs life in
peace without being haunted ' by ' the . fear
of* ¦want and ¦where his wife : could rejoin
him should she recaver , from her illness.
Captain Harrington agreed,, and on
Wednesday afternoon Mr. Kuhl took him
to the home for the moneyless and had
him regularly, installed as an Inmate. -At
that " time Captain ¦ Harrington had $1 60,
his total earthly possessions. , At 5:35 yes
terday :morning: the? inmates of ,the ward
1A ' which { the captain slept • were startled
by the sound of a postol shot and saw the
old mariner; writhing in his bed. He died
almost instantly. -
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' • Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
March 21. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, XJ. S. N., in charge.
NOTE— In the above of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column ' and the successive tides of i the
day in the order of occurrence as •¦ to Urns of
day; the third time column Rives the : last tide
Of the day, ¦ except when there are but : three
Sun rises .....6:11
Bun sets .'.^..6:23
Moon sets 9:20 ¦ p. . m.
TH£ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1901.
5
Time Time * . Time
Date Ft. Ft;
H W L \V H W
23 ... 0:21 6.0 6:36—0.1 1:20
a.:. 1:00 6.0 7:30—0.2 2:20
24... 1:45 6.0 8:26—0.2 3:23
25 ... 2:34 B.8 9:30 -^fl.2 : 4:36
28 ... 3:29 6.6 10:40 0.0 6:49
27 ... 4:37 5.4 11:4? 0.0 6:M>
ti \V , H "W L W
28 ... 0:00 8.0 6:51 5.3 12:52
; Time
Ft. ¦ Ft.
L W ¦
6.2 «:42 l.C
4.9 '7:26 !2.0
4.7 8:16 2.4
4.6 '9:1S 2.9
4.5 10:40 3.1
4.6 ...... :"....
H W
0.2 7:56 4.8
Steamer.
I
Destination.
ISalls.l Pier.
March 22.
Argro.. Coquille River .... 2 pm Pier 2
Australia..... Tahiti direct 9 am Pi«r 7
W. Kruger... Tlllamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 2
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 mS.WV2
C. Nelson Seattle via Eureka. 5 pm Pier 2
17 mat Ilia Puset Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
March S3.
ntv Peklne China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Acme T.. Tillamook Bay 12 m Pier 13
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 23
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm S.W. 1
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
March 24.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 14
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 25.
Empire.. Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Alliance Ptld and Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 20
March SO.
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
March 27.
Arcata........ Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal.l Puiret Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Sonoma..- Sydney and Way.. 9 pm Pier 7
Ban Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier • 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 28.
Acapulco Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
March 20.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
O..W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acme Tlllamook Bay Mar. 22
Xewburg Grays Harbor Mar. 22
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro Mar. 22
Coror.ado San Pedro Mar. 22
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 22
Arab Tacoma Mar. 23
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 23
Belgian King.. Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 23
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 23
Gaelic China and Japan Mar. 23
State of Cal.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 2:1
¦\Vashtenaw.... Tacoma Mar. 23
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. 24
Bonita Newport Mar. 21
Crescent City.: Crescent City Mar. 24
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 24
Queen San Diego Mar. 24
Tltanla Xanalmo Mar. 23
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 23
Arcata Co«*s Bay Mar. 23
Roanoke New York via Panama Mar. 25
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 2S
G. Wi Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 28
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 26
Hyades Seattle Mar. 28
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Mar. 27
Corona Newport Mar. 27
I^eelanaw Seattle Mar. 27
Walla Walla... Pugel Sound Ports.... Mar. 28
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. IS
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 29
Steamer.
I
Destination.
ISalls.l Pier.
March 22.
Argro.. Coquille River .... 2 pm Pier 2
Australia..... Tahiti direct 9 am Pi«r 7
W. Kruger... Tlllamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 2
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 mS.WV2
C. Nelson Seattle via Eureka. 5 pm Pier 2
17 mat Ilia Puset Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
March S3.
ntv Peklne China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Acme T.. Tillamook Bay 12 m Pier 13
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 23
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm S.W. 1
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
March 24.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 14
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 25.
Empire.. Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Alliance Ptld and Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 20
March SO.
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
March 27.
Arcata........ Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal.l Puiret Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Sonoma..- Sydney and Way.. 9 pm Pier 7
Ban Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier • 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 28.
Acapulco Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
March 20.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
O..W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acme Tlllamook Bay Mar. 22
Xewburg Grays Harbor Mar. 22
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro Mar. 22
Coror.ado San Pedro Mar. 22
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 22
Arab Tacoma Mar. 23
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 23
Belgian King.. Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 23
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 23
Gaelic China and Japan Mar. 23
State of Cal.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 2:1
¦\Vashtenaw.... Tacoma Mar. 23
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. 24
Bonita Newport Mar. 21
Crescent City.: Crescent City Mar. 24
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 24
Queen San Diego Mar. 24
Tltanla Xanalmo Mar. 23
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 23
Arcata Co«*s Bay Mar. 23
Roanoke New York via Panama Mar. 25
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 2S
G. Wi Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 28
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 26
Hyades Seattle Mar. 28
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Mar. 27
Corona Newport Mar. 27
I^eelanaw Seattle Mar. 27
Walla Walla... Pugel Sound Ports.... Mar. 28
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. IS
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 29
Time Time * . Time
Date Ft. Ft;
H W L \V H W
23 ... 0:21 6.0 6:36—0.1 1:20
a.:. 1:00 6.0 7:30—0.2 2:20
24... 1:45 6.0 8:26—0.2 3:23
25 ... 2:34 B.8 9:30 -^fl.2 : 4:36
28 ... 3:29 6.6 10:40 0.0 6:49
27 ... 4:37 5.4 11:4? 0.0 6:M>
ti \V , H "W L W
28 ... 0:00 8.0 6:51 5.3 12:52
; Time
Ft. ¦ Ft.
L W ¦
6.2 «:42 l.C
4.9 '7:26 !2.0
4.7 8:16 2.4
4.6 '9:1S 2.9
4.5 10:40 3.1
4.6 ...... :"....
H W
0.2 7:56 4.8
It L- t , ,u * STAR SAFETY fWUMfc KB*f HAB^fiD IAJD EL BELMONT * S
i J:^ e :^z **zors $i.is. Mmw Km¥wm%mml h : CIGARS - &5SSSS I
£ "GayCor.eylshncT- R e guUrly|i. 75 «ch; packed " HMP* *"" .ai^S * BWg Th= *-for- 2 5 c R«na Victoria £ c^_™^'^£ X
I iue shew. > 5". ni« tin box; ready for u* ; P ~ Ooldfellitllle Bazaar. «5 clal Tt '^ and -undnlm^ 5
«f -i— — -^.guaranteed. CALIFORNIA'S tARQEST—AMERlCA'S GRANDEST STORE ¦ ,3 fof 2 5 Cm 4. . X
lUNMATCHABLE SPECIAL OFFERINGS FOR FRIDAyI
I $5, $6, $7.50 Johann Maria Farina Q A Dress Goods I
ij: Skirts $3*95. f*€%§totrwne* facgonuber dem\ 4A. S\l Remnant Sale. 3
i g ,/SV • Assorted lot of fine all- ** S^S§"^ \ FriCSettplatZ ft &C £M!£X A ™Y ] »& «cnnmlafon of black and colored ,%
*^ $l'\ wocl skirts » most 'y You know this delightful toilet article, the equal of any imported 5P?f ?™m ?f^" R "^ nts « g^'f^ "l d r ie ~ *
5 I II feUipS Gc; T cologne th^^dc Regular p ric=_ 55 c% CT bo«/. 5wtag^ tgSSSggggSlSg&gi
J ty I p-bble chevio-s, a'l tD Z c *| an g e m thc lab = ln B .which the factory IS about to adopt thc op- $?*»*? «k«r: an! dress len;?>j—remrr.nts which are J«
It I j IV w;ll mide, in ' bf st portunity came to us of purchasing I obo bott!cs at practically our own S><*i already marked at a reduction from the regu- J
K Ui \\ fla «ng « ha P«» l * ht P ricc » and wc give you thc benefit, of this extraordinary purchase on price*— wil be aold Friday an 1 Saturday j,
*"* //'M w 57.50, alontpeciat C W1 . >• • • • m • jy
\4lM% Ilif Fx<rnor«:,,,r-y Oo.Hiny S* la s «^^S.|
8 0 To-Day™* Saturday gM^^ZTg,?*: 1 S
I r^^'an^ny SsS fW\\ JOfe « * Suit in ovr VsTM?'*** \
K Aiirams. Waist ; all are mark- tf _ *-. Jl K\ AB^ I yZTy 2e S juvenile clothing on Friday tt ?? for to-day, and to-mor- S
*. ed for this day only at one price. $Ji *Tmi I j[ d|/*jC!k- S^S^ Saturday Only at OHC- d£*% TK rOW * U^ OUT " n " 5
J! — : — . '/i\m\I3 i\W\ 1 uar * er °f*- - M& P ortcd P 81 * 1 " 158 arc n « ?
£' Cafe g%€ WhStSnn'cs V ll 7 ver^ iuii " S uaranieedi( > b* dl wool and J only exdusivc, but ex- x
x da ' e °* wwnMttnff S I / Y' V J, L!i Ij! fast color; made ut> inihe very' best manner qwsitely beautiful. Don't delay. Next j*
jf Writing Paper* \ V ' '/tv possible at the regular price of $^. Besides week wiU be busier. We can give you j
JfTh«e hundred pound, only of whiting-., pkn-' ' 1 > J \f \\ i Ihe . s1ap!c lines, dozens of .tisw' styles lhat m°« attention thtse ir __, S
%* did • writing Pa P :r, in w:in wove or rojai ! I T/TJ f \ have just ' arrived jtom New York are in- two days. sdsMgittL. *
X Unrn finish, in octavo or commercial si«, 90 I jj\\ |j | eluded in the ahO'Ct offer. Straw Alpintj— Nearly -ow1«^2r5^)" »*
K ' ' I tl • ings, ta^crng; a, good in every way as any $12.50 we cou'd easily «v a hun^ W**.^F S
6 , ". . _.. «u'tth«wehav S K en on dap^ywe- Q|y dr.-d-ani va'uc,' a 5 vou \ - /• *
* nhiltlr>en'<9 Gaus— 5 on 8;c:l £a e y a y y * ' • V** m * 7 ** *«« had f or ,uch ntdc \
j %,niMur9SMM 9 %**i H a Men's $2.50 Pants $1.63— We have exactly 75 pairs of strictly aU- wool Pj"« St, $LBO, V^^ X
•» L3fltCS UtttmCritMUSlin. pant; neit, dark-gray stripes; ttout, strvlceabls garm:ntJ, every pair of which we warrant net &f*75* 31, Q5, *^^ J
K €?»•*»*»»«»# C«af^c> to rip; r-gularly $2.50 pair; on special sale Friday — and Saturday also if any £f* •& SZmBO and $3*50* jg
J, &pGCiai Oaf(?5f left— perpar ' .' *pffa&mj) " X
5 ,^^^fes. Children's Uwn Caps •- : ; ; __ Gi'OCery Sale X
«." 'V&S^Sm y Wb \ — T^st arrive I irom New n am m *4±^^ mar /** >*4f\ LI *• * r m *•*. -, X
I TW\ V ikt - hekinlt 1 atieUlie3 " MGn'S $3.5O M\ rr«taya n a Saturday, g
t- JtlKl \\\<\\'"J uaryt ri 5 Cf >' h » ««_ **« AM 4, mm fSp^Vm /A\\\ CpffOO— Our test 35c Java and Mocha, \
i ( filf syt '' F ' iJ " I' ; 8c Shoes $3. 15, W$K .IM s£?£&ki^2^%%° ¦?
*> /kz&W&$&£ <$$L. To-Day, Friday, Only — Choice of our enti e Z Jh*J$Y !h^m- Limit Si.oovo'th to sin git (tsstonur. .*
r. /i^F'Jv^ Mt^a i- e > .. ci_ • • r / / IaJ iia Sardines— Vet/ choke. 2 tins 2Frs •*
i Wv \£* line of Men's $3.50 Shoes, consisting of patent (^T <L W&i\&) Mush-Vktorj -brand ..... apk%% 2So $
*•' /wj > i**2 leather, vici kid, box and tan calf, in high cut shoes; also tan I V5aB|\ Bromangtlon— Farorrc frui: dessert, pkg. tOc X
£" Uoks' Corbet Covc-s- /T^^^^ and black calf in low cut Oxford ties, made with th; latest style $g|I \L=*J Pear:ine - Washin e P 3wd;r . 1 "%^»fi • ; ; %
» N.w goods, w:1 ," t ffl^^^^l i toe; of as good materials and made in as fine a *m-W8BX^J V
.' and rr.ade, iegu:arly VQ^LClSvS^l 7 *l£^& M "Z tt *— O» - 'm *
i 35c each, special Fri r I manner as a $3.50 shoe can be made *P&* I & "*& ;:€ LltfUOr SpCCBafS. x
Jf cay only...' '~ W Ml 'If) ¦ ¦ — — Friday and Saturday. %
Sudies^uViinGowTs-^fl W 75cTest Kettles 49d Dress Binding We. §SS
K Embroidery and hem- / *| j [' A Fins Nickel- Plated Copper Tea Kettle, 2- N.ne Hundred p!ec« Bark Ccrduroy Skiit only 71 C "5
j^ stitched trimmings. I ' I ( quart e'zi; fcr oil, gas or alcohol stove; a nice Bindings, in 4-yard lengths; a gooi Port or Shfry — Extra quality," for* two. days X
t£ n:w goods jjst rrceiv- ' * utensil' for heating a small quant'.ty of water qua !ty in a good fast black; regularly cn'y, per gallon 78 O •*
** cd, regu'arly J1.25 each, spic'al Q — .qu'ckly; regularly 75c, special to- -q 20c a piecr, on special sa'e to-day Liquor Bread — Regularly J2.85 "a Vozci, ipe- «5
J. Fiiday only.. %JOG day only f .. *r%JC only BUG cial fjr two days only J $2*65 %
$£ ' t ¦ *^S
¦Kb Mm / rjl \n^ w B9 ¦ pj 1 |£-J Ea £3 Pn m^I tm
I n % /A- W'MAJUL Causes bilious headache, fcaefc-ache
j^/j^Mj g^l an^ all kinds of body aches. Spring
ti j\ LJ /^s^fc I §\ iS \ ltre an^ y° u want to 2 et t^ bile
¦$ = (A ? >«!^^S A v i/ poison out of your system, easily,
Afinbv^SlL-^ naturally and gently. CASCARETS
\ K^^A^^^^^-~^\ are ' ust w^ at y° u wa nt; they never
A^ V ¦^A^feA^ilH 1 whlIe you sleep * Some People -think
"i4> the more vioIent the SrfP^g the better
*^^J<5i\ Ml/ e curc# e carefut-rtake care of
r/T- <^^-^i^^^^/7VW 7 our bowels— salts and pill poisons
/ / eave weak, and even less able to
f/f **\ eep t iE- rc 2 u^ ar naoyements than be-
77 nV^J^^^^J fore * he roriy.safe* gentle cleaner
7 Vv \ Y\ Vl^r , n, or *^ e are sweet, fragrant
I v iJlll/ijIliDlJ' CASCARETS. They don't force
' . . . out the foecal matter with violence,
but act as a tonic on the whole 30 feet of bowel wall, strengthen the
muscles and restore healthy, natural action— buy them and try them.
You will find in an entirely natural way your bowels will be promptly
and permanently put in good order for the Spring and Summer work.
QURED BY I;
liver tonic
ALL DRU^ISTr^^* 1 *™.^ J llH ¦ ¦ ¦ "TS*-^^ sqld g^^
Illinr on the »tomach, bloated boweli, foul 111 lUK II II I P Pi I ET* wu •old. .win.
. f^?- - ™ -~ #*i T t ? H? If *^ n *V?7. e r «tm- t»«t merit. «nd not- h«.t ••.tlmonUI. W*> lu»Te fs*IHi »nd »
larly you are ffettlnz sick. Constipation kill* more will sell CASCABEl* absolutely raaranteed to euro or
people than ¦ all - other diseases ' together* *: It Is a • money refnaded. Go bay today, two COc boxe* KtTp them m
•tarter for the chronic ailments and lone years of fair. »o»«t trial, mm peralvple direction*, and if you an
•'¦- aafltferlne that come efterrrnrds. No matter what aot nttifle4. aftcruitac «ae SO« b«i, rt torn the nnawd Me
S?U you* .tort taSn^SnKTS^o-Tr'foryon ¦%ZZ2£S£Z&Xfltti&7&X££ZS&gtfSZ
will never eet well and be well ill tbe time until &™^&ntt\^Sm*tlZ?w™ttwZ^£t£
I 0 . 11^^^ I2? r bowel » right. Take our adTlce; Start ' day. Healta win qnlckly <bllow and tou will bleu the day
With C ASCA RETS to-day, under aa absolute g a»r» T«a Art t started theme o'€lSC.\KF,TS. Book fre e by ma U.
: an tee to core or money refunded. ua. • Iddient • STKSLOtG EEBEDI CO., > EW TOBK or C1UC1UO.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EilPOBJTJlL
f**^*r/£s^£& Z^gf&^^Pszj biliousness is "green beer" Jp§
& J^^jF^h j£P j£y cr y *° -*k e market before *)/
«^ stomach, and thc result is KjRJ
0^ biliousness and headache. f]%
~-»S9 sive. It requires immense 5bH
vlU refrigerating rooms (ours
f^jS hold 265,000 barrels) and an even temperature of 34 tjl
£g9 degrees. Fermentation is a process of months. Nfj
ufffl Schlitz brewery. If you wish to j6=^^^^^^^^
£*ga be certain of an aged beer, get '^^//^^^^^^ Kjft
pge Schlitz, • the beer that made uW^Slf^iSi <S^A
Tf 1 'Pboae Main U~. Sherwood &Shcr- . !£*I
jJfjVj W ood.212MarketSt.,SanFrancisco • SacStrange Fancies in Old Tableware.
In sending a cruiser to Morocco to strengthen *
demand for indemnity Washington authorities declare
that they do not intend to bombard any towns of the
refractory Government. This seems to bV sus
piciously like a policy of bluff and bluster which may
not be effective.
Extensive preparations are being made by ship
owners to accommodate the great crowds of fortune
hunters who intend to sail for the frozen north. If
experience is a teacher Uncle Sam will make iris prep
arations later in the year to bring back the crowds.
Chandler, Carter and Wolcott are all out of the
Senate, but none of them are out of a job. McKinlsy
is not the advance agent of prosperity for nothing;
he has given each one of them a good situation at a
fat salary. ,
AT HOTEL DEL C0R0XADO the Mason is
now I on at full ¦ tide.' * American : and European
plans. ; .: Best of everything, " including th« char
acter of entertainment.' Apply 4 New Montgom
ery at.*, city, for special ticket
Senator ; Hanna . is not going to run for > President
nor for anything else. What he is looking, for most
eagerly is a sure cure for gout ,
When judgment i& finally passed upon the life and
works of Andrew Carnegie the 'just critic will per
haps begin his review after the story: of -Homestead
Carnegie's life began with his benefactions.
.Austria is showing signs that she wants to estab
lish with America terms of the most: cordial commer
cial friendship. She has ' probably learned a most
salutary lesson from what Germany in her stubborn
ness has lost.'
The San Franciscan who thought it was funny th;
other day to play with a lion and then had the rem
nant of one of his hands patched together ought to
make a good editor cf the humorous column of a
weekly paper.
-Our Hawaiian fellow citizens have safely passed the
danger point of doubt in reference. to their qualifica
tions for American suffrage privileges. They haven't
yet .held a session of their Legislature that didn't
break tip in a row.
A learned philosopher of Edinburgh after mature
study has come .to the conclusion: that Saturn is the
dwelling place of Satan, so hereafter you need not tell
your' friends to go to hades. A polite insinuation that
his natural sphere is within the rings of Saturn will
be sufficient. ¦¦'.'¦¦
WINE GROWING COUNTRIES—Sub
scriber," Stockton, and others.-: The follbw
ingJare'tho six grape countries
that lead in production. They are given
OREGON IJVND-F. P. , San Jose, Cal.,
and ; Widow, City. Those who / desire in
fcrmation relative to public lands to > be
opened to settlers : in ¦- Oregon should ad
dress a communication to' the General
Land Office, Washington; D. C.
NEW YORK RESIDENCE— John D.
Rockefeller and Andrew Carnegie do not
reside on '= the .same street in New; York
City. The nrst k named resides at 4 West
Fifty-fourth street and the last named at
5 West Flfty-nrst street.
TATTOO— A. C. R., City. The several
ingredients recommended by the,Chemi
cal • News for the obliteration • of tattoo
marks ought not to be applied by an ama
teur,* but should only be used under the
direction of a physician.
MENDING GLASS— E, City. There are
a number of preparations to be had in
drug stores that will cement a' broken
glass dish. Such cements will hold pro
viding the mended article is not washed
in hot water.
A MATTER OF TASTE-J. B. J., City.
Profile may be pronounced either pro-feel,
with the sound of E as in meat, or pro-fll.
with the sound of I as In nil. It is purely
a matter of taste, as both are correct.
FIVE DOLLARS— R. K., Eureka, Cal.
A $5 piece of 1834 has a premium value of
$2 if it haS the words "E Plurlbus Unum"
over the eagle. If It has not such it does
not command a premium. - •
LAWS OF CALIFORNIA— S.. Visalla,
Cal. The laws of California maybe ob
tained from any first class bookseller or
from the State Printer at Sacramento.;
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LITTLE BOY BLUE-R. G. W., Exefir.
Cal. "Lkle Boy Blue" was written by
Eugene Field. •
In the order of prominence: France, Italy,
Spain, Portugal, Germany and Greece.
CHURCH FAIRS— L.S., City. This de
partment cannot foretell what legal con
struction will be placed on the law con
cerning churches and the right of a con
gregation to hold an entertainment or
fair, charging an admission fee, for the
parpose of carrying on the work of the
church.
TO PROTECT AN 1NVE7NTIOX—Inven
tor, City. If you have invented an article
and are not in a condition financially to
take out a patent at this time you can ob
tain a caveat which will protect your in
vention for a period of six months and
in the meantime you may find the means
to perfect the patent. The fee for a caveat
is J10 and in addition you will have to pay
an attorney to prepare the papers for you.
ASTOR'S BIG TREE TABLE-F. W.
B., Eureka, Cal. Some years ago William
Waldorf . Astor declared that he would
produce a section of a California tree that
would be large enough to accommodate
fifty persons at dinner. He secured a
cross section four feet thick and fifteen
feet in diameter and had it shipped from
California to England by a sailing vessel.
FREE CITIES^C. R. O. T. C, City.
The last two cities" to uphold the name and
traditions of the Hanseatic League were
Hamburg and Bremen, which were incor
porated into the German Zollvereln Oc
tober 18, 1888, thereby, formally, surrender
ing, their old historical privileges as free
ports. Lubeck took that step in 1866 and
Frankfurt was annexed to Prussia in 1SCG
On joining the Zollverein, or German
Customs Union, Hamburg retained several
rights which : the three other ¦ cities sur
rendered. SSBBBWnBOBHnaai
It is not worth while going over the whole list, but
some of the items may be noted. Mattituck harbor,
ir. New York, received an appropriation of $5000.
The place is thus described in the report: "This har
bor is a tidal inlet extending about two miles south
from Long Island Sound to the village of Mattituck,
on Long Island; the natural depth of water at the
entrance is from one to two feet." An appropriation
of $12,500 was given for the improvement of Trinity
River, Texas, and the leports of engineers show that
the stream "has a depth at its mouth of three and a
half feet at mean low tide"; " that to "improve" the
stream it would first "be necessaryto cut down and
remove all timber along the banks"; when improved
the waterway would open up navigation to Liberty, a
village of 700 inhabitants. There was an appropria
tion of $10,000 for the Altamaha' River, in Georgia,
and the reports declare: "The chief obstructions to
navigation consist in rock ledges, sandbars, snags,
sunken logs and overhanging. trees."
• Such are some of the specimen items which Carter
His speech was long, but not too long for the sub-'
ject. In his review of some of the rivers and har
bors for which appropriations were made he has fur
nished the people with very interesting reading and
afforded the public a chance to get a comprehensive
glance at the "pork" barrel that Congress had pro
vided for its members and their constituents.
WHEN Senator Carter marked the close of his
career in Congress by talking to death the
river and harbor bill he inflicted much injury
upon the country, but he also did some good. He
put a sjop to many improvements that arc of great
importance, and for doing so has been justly con
demned; but it is to be borne in mind that hj
slaughtered a good many buncombe jobs along with
the needed improvements, and is entitled to credit to
that extent.
WHAT CARTER KILLED.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Rosa Is at
the Lick.
Judge Van R. Paterson Is a guest at
the Grand.
Judge H. P. Bond of Santa Clara Is at
the Palace.
A. C. Kuhn, a fruit grower of San Jose.
Is at the Palace.
W. H. Berry, an oil man of Selma, Is a
guest at the Lick.
James W. Morrison and ¦wife of Seattle
are at the Palace.
J. A. Barham of Santa Rosa Is regls
tered at the Occidental.
H. I. Seymour of Sacramento registered
at the Grand yesterday.
C. E, Pearsall. a mining man of Eureka,
is a guest at the Palace.
J. F. Condon, a mining man of ¦Verdi,
Is registered at the Grand.
C. R. Downs, a mining man of flutter
Creek, is at the Occidental. ¦
F. Irwin Herron, an oil man of Los An
geles, is registered at the Palace.
P. G. Drescher, an attorney of Sacra
mento, Is a guest at th» California.
O. A. Hills, a merchant of San Jos«. la
spending a few days at the California.
Robert Barton, proprietor of the opera
house at Fresno, • accompanied by his
wife, is staying at the California.
Peter Spreckeis, accompanied by his
wife and daughter, Miss Agnes Spreckeis.
arrived from the East late last night and
are staying at the Palace. They are on a
tour from Germany.
"William McMurray. manager of the In
formation bureau of th© Southern Pacific
Railroad in this city, arrived yesterday
from Chicago, where he had charge o*
the California exhibit of the forestry, fish
and game exhibit.
head, staring eyes, a retreating forehead
and a bad complexion — redeemed, how
ever, by a- benignant expression and smile.
The inscriptions with his portraits are
usually, "Welcome, Lafayette, the Na
tion's Guest and Our Country's Glory," or
"In Commemoration of the "Visit of La
fayette to the United States of America
in 1824," or "Republics Are Not Always
Ungrateful."
Designs From the Erie Canal.
Pitcher of the War of 1812.
The Erie canal was opened during his
visit, and many of the plates printed to
commemorate, that opening bear medal
lion portraits of Lafayette. Those Erie
canal plates, of which seven designs are
known, are among the most interesting of
our historical plates. The canal was, to
quote from one of these plates: "A splen
did monument of the enterprise and re
sources of the State of New York. In
debted for its early commencement and
rapid completion- to the active energies,
pre-eminent talents and enlightened pol
icy of De Witt Clinton, late Governor of
the State." On these varlou% canal plates
may be seen a view of the capltol grounds
at Albany, one of the aqueduct bridge at
Rochester, of the canal at Buffalo, of the
aqueduct bridge at Little Falls, of the
canal at Albany; also smaller
views of canal locks and portraits of Gov
ernor Clinton, JefTerson and Washington.
During the tour of Lafayette there was
given to him on September 18, 1824, a re
ception in Troy. N. Y.. at which was used
a very remarkable pitcher, now owned by
Horace Jones Richards of Troy and
known as the "Historical Pitcher of the
War Of 1812." It was made about 1S24 by
Enoch Wood & Sons of Burslem. Staf
fordshire, by the order of Horace Jones of
Troy, N. Y. It stands twenty inches in
height and is eighteen inches in diameter
and holds eleven gallons. It is decorated
with a border of green and copper luster,
with portraits of Washington, Adams and
heroes of the war of 1812— Captain Jones of
the Macedonian, Major General Brown of
the Niagara campaign. Commodore Bain
bridge of the Constitution, Commodore
Decatur, ' Commodore Perry and Captain
Hull of the Constitution. It has also
prints and, views of Commodore Macdon
ough's victory on Lake Champlain. Com
modore Perry's victory on Lake Erie, the
Constitution escaping from the British
fleet and the engagement between the
Chesapeake and the Shannon, also pa
triotic emblems and and the historic mot
to, "We have met the enemy and they
are ours." This pitcher is a monumental
example of American triumph— and Brit
ish indifference to sentiment.
Other Bare Old Pitchers,
I have seen a pitcher with a portrait of
"John Adams, President of the United
States"; another with a portrait of John
Hancock, one with Samuel Adams, one
entitled "Death of Montgomery" and one
"Death of Warren." A design known as
the "Proscribed Patriots" is rare. It has
portrait medallions of Samuel Adams and
John Hancok and the motto, "The mem
ory of Washington and the proscribed pa
triots of America. Liberty, virtue, peace,
justice and equity to all mankind.- Co
lumbia's sons, inspired by freedom's flame,
live in the annals of Immortal fame." - On
the front of the pitcher is the inscription.
"Peace, commerce and honest friendship
with all nations. Entangling alliances
with none.— Jefferson, Anno Domini, 1S04."
CAMTORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
' ?CEW YORK. March 21.— The following
CaJifornlans are in Xew Tork: From San
Francisco— J. F. Frame, at the Astor; J.
H. Graham, at the Manhattan: A. J.
Schwartz, at the St. Cloud; O. Gurnam,
at the Park Avenue.
CALrFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
¦WASHINGTON. March a.— William M»
Abbot of San Francisco is at the Arling
ton.
A CHANCE TO KT.TTT.E.
"Is there anything worse than dyspep^
sla?"
•'Not if you have to lire with the ona
who Is troubled with it." — Chicago Post.
Mr. Bophtie— "Well. "Willie, your sister
has given herself to me for a Christmas
present. What do you think of that?
"Willie — Huh! That's what she done fur
Mr. Brown last year, an' he gev her back
before Easter. I bet you'll do the same.—
Philadelphia Record.
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend**.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery at. Telephone Main 1043. *
"Women are born economists. They win
go a mil© round and wear out a- penn'orth
of boot-leather to save a ha'penny.
It should be made clear that the public sentiment
of San Francisco is opposed to track gambling, no
matter at what place or under what management.
There has never been any question of personality in
the content so far as the supporters of morality are
concerned. Their sole interest has been the welfare
of the community, their sole motive that of protect
ing the public against the vices of track gambling and
the crimes that follow. Let that truth be made clear
on Monday afternoon. Let the supporters of the veto
be present at the meeting of the Supervisors on Mon
day and see to it that the final action of the board on
tbe matter be a complete victory for morality.
It has been charged in some quarters that the fight
against the scheme to legalize gambling at Ingleside
was prompted not so much by a detestation of the
evils of gambling as by personal antagonism to the
men who sought the privilege. ' The charge could
never have had much weight with intelligent people,
for among those who were foremost in supporting
the cause of morality were men of high repute in the
business world, pastors of churches and others whose
characters are beyond the reach of slander. Never
theless it will be worth while to refute the charge ut-
Hrly by making the fight against gambling at Ingle
side under the new management as vigorously as U
was made when the track was in the hands of other
parties. Consequently The Call urges all who have
acted with it in the controversy to show themselves
as earnest as ever in the good cause.
While there is thus nothing in the situation to
cause any alarm among the opponents of track gam
bling* in this city, they should not overlook the im
portance of the Monday meeting. Once more there
should be a demonstration of public sentiment
against the toleration of gambling. The men who
have been earnest and faithful in making the fight
for morality from the start should attend the meet-'
ing and renew their protests against the proposed
wrong. They should again make clear to the Super
visors the force of the objections to gambling and
strengthen the hands of those who will sustain the
veto.
There is hardly a single cause for fear that the veto
will be set aside. The men who voted against the
ordinance in the first place can be counted on to vote
against it again., and several at least of those who
voted for the ordinance in the first place have had
reason to change their views upon the subject, so
that it is likely they will on Monday either vote to
sustain the veto or abstain from voting.
rIKAL action in the prolonged contest over the
ordinance permitting bookmaking and pool
selling at Ingleside track will be taken on Mon
day. On that day the Mayor's veto will be sub
mitted to the Supervisors and a vote will be taken
upon the question of passing the ordinance over it.
If the veto be sustained the long controversy will be
brought to an end by a complete victory for the
people.
SUSTAIN THE VETO.
The long residence and great popularity
abroad of Benjamin Franklin account for
the many ceramic relics relating to him
which are now in existence. They are
richer and more varied even than those
of Washington, yet few appear on artl
cies in daily use, such as Staffordshire
table services. The design known as the
"Tomb of Franklin" Is common enough;
It is a -rich, dark blue print of a pedestal
inscribed "Franklin," surmounted by an
urn bearing an illegible inscription. By
the side of the monument .sits the figure
of a man reading, which is popularly be
lieved to be intended for Lafayette. This
design is seen on dinner, tea and toilet
services. Occasionally the "fun cap por
trait" is found on Liverpool bowls and
pitchers; and a set of dark blue plates
Perhaps the two most popular Washing
ton designs are what are now known as
the "Monument" design and the "Apothe
osis" design. Both commemorate the
death of Washington; one ¦with conven
tional monuments. Inscriptions, urns,
weeping willows and mourning figures;
the other with Time lifting Washington,
robed, in a shroud, from his open tomb,
while an angel holds the patriot's hand
and points upward to rays of glory. This
is from an old engraving advertised In
Philadelphia newspapers In 1801 and some
times still seen In Philadelphia homes;
and hideous enough it is, and absurd also.
The various decorations owned by Wash
ington, including the Order of the Cincin
nati, hang conspicuously over the open
dcor of the tomb.
Two Other Washington Pitchers.
A design which • would appear to be
earlier In manufacture, but which has no
definite date, bears a portrait of Wash
ington mounted on horseback, with an In
scription, "His Excellency Gen. George
Washington, Marshal of France and Com
mander in Chief of the North American
Continental Forces." Washington, In a
letter to the poet Lamont (who had ad
dressed him by the French title of mare
chal). wrote in 1875: "I am not a marshal
of France nor do I hold any commission
or fill any office whatever under that Gov
ernment." Still, - it is universally stated
that the French at Yorktown addressed
Washington as "Monsieur le Marechal."
The oldest dated pitcher which I have
seen with a Washington design bears the
date 1796, and is known as the "map pitch
er." • It has a medallion inclosing a very
curious map of the United States, showing
thirteen States). On this map Louisiana la
called the "Country of Mines" and
stretches up to Lake Superior. Washing
ton and Franklin are gazing at this map,
while two fair danses— Liberty and His
tory—are gazing with equal lntentness at
the heroes. In the sky a winged Fame, a
favorite emblem of the day, is blowing
a trumpet and flourishing her heels in
clo?e proximity to. the august head of
Washington. This print is seen on bowls
and pHchtrs, and is sometimes accompa
nied with a key giving tbe names of the
figures. The pitchers are always of what
is known as the watermelon shape, once
so popular In Liverpool ware,. now practi
cally obsolete. - : -
Ths Map Pitcher.
also thirty or forty more designs In tha
form of medallions, statuettes and other
costly forms- of ceramic art, on- which we
will not now dwell. The Liverpool pitchers
and mugs, decorated with transfer prints
in black, blue. or~ red, bear the earliest
Washington designs. .<,;.•¦-;
Imperialism might save Austria for a time, but that
would be only a postponement of the inevitable.
Throughout Europe i here is a marked desire to re
construct the' political map so as to make national
boundaries correspond with the habitations of races.
The Germans of Austria wish to be a part of the em
pire of their fellow Germans, the Slavs desire to be
united with other. Slavs. Aspirations .of that kind
when cherished by strong races are almost certain to
win in the end. A reconstruction of the map o(
Europe is therefore by no means an improbability,
and the establishment of absolutism at Vienna. might
even have the effect of hastening it. .
Korber is reported to have stated that the efforts
now being made to conduct the affairs of the empire
through the Reichsrath would be the last attempt un
der the present constitutional system, and he warned
the opposing factions that "outside the Reichsrath
there is a governing power in Austria able to enforce
its lawsand protect its empire." Furthermore, there
is a story that the Emperor himself 'ihas told M.
Javorski, the leader of the Poles, that this will be the
last constitutional means his Government, will em
ploy. /These reports may be exaggerated, but the
very fact they are circulated is ample evidence that
there exists in. Austria a party • favorable to abso
lutism—one which will cordially support the Em
peror if he put a summary end to the faction fights
in the Reichsrath and restore order.
Is it surprising that under such circumstances the
Prime Minister should think seriously of closing
Parliament, establishing a military government and
by providing work for the people rally to the sup
port of the Government all the laborers and conser
vative elements of the empire?
Such declarations from men chosen to carry on the
legislative branch of a constitutional Government do
not augur well for the future of that Government.
When one set of men frankly assert a desire to be
incorporated into the empire of Germany, and an
other into the empire of Russia, it is evident that
neither of them can be safe legislators for Austria.
It is to be noted/moreover, that at the very time the
dialogue was going on in the Reichsrath a large body
of unemployed men was outside of the doors of the
building shouting, '"Down with the Czechs!" "Down
with the Pan- Germans!" "Down with Parliamentl"
"Give us work!"
* Herr Silenz— Austria has not gained any advantage
by her alliance with Germany, •* but she might profit
much by a rapprochement with Russia.
Herr Stein — Say openly that you -wish to belong to
Russia. •
Herr Silenz— We remain good Austrians.
Herr Stein— Anybody remaining a good patriot now
adays in Austria is a fool.
Herr Stein retorted; "The German Emperor Is right.
I declare openly that we wish to join the German em
pire."
To this Ilerr Silenz replied: "That Is why the Ger
man Emperor recently said he hoped to establish a
great northern kingdom on the Elbe."
The recent proceedings in the Reichsrath have cer
tainly been sufficient to justify such a declaration.
The strife between Germans and Czechs has gone
beyond the point of wrangles and rows and reached
an open declaration of a desire to dissolve the em
pire. A report from Vienna of a debate in the
Reichsrath between Herr Silenz, a Czech leader, and
Herr Stein, a German,. says:
Herr Silenz taunted the Germans with squinting: to
ward .Germany, whereupon Herr Stein shouted:
"We do not squint; we look. We wish to go over to
Germany, as you do to Russia." .
\A ANY predictions have been made that the Aus
/ \ trian empire will be involved in civil war and
break to pieces shortly after the death of the
present Emperor, therefore it is not surprising to
learn the statesmen-of the country are making prep
arations to meet whatever crisis comes. One among
them, the Prime Minister, Dr. von Korber, is re
ported to have had the boldness to speak out con
cerning the preparations that are being made,. and to
have given warning that if the empire cannot be held
together by the present constitutional Government a
resort will be had to the army and imperial abso
lutism.
ABSOLUTISM IN AUSTRIA.
By JLl±o& Morse Earl©.
AUTHOR OF "CHINA COLLECTING IN AMERICA," "HOME LIFE IN COLO
•NIAL DAYS," ETC. V. .
How the Tradesmen of England Made
Wealth by-Pandering to the Patriotism
of Americans.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
.'. The San Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
. ¦ (COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
V.— PITCHERS OF OUR GREAT GRAND-MOTHERS.
One of the curious and incomprehensible
side issues In our history is the immediate
subservience made after the revolution by
the English of patriotism to commercial
ism. The victories of the American colo
nies had hardly taken place when English
potters set to work to supply the Ameri
can market with pottery and porcelain,
decorated with designs relating to the
glories of Washington, Franklin, La
fayette and other revolutionary heroes.
These potters had none of that patriotic
pride which would prevent them from cel
ebrating and perpetuating the virtues and
victories of their late enemies, or even
hinder them from printing inscriptions
and verses Insulting to their native land
and their fellow countrymen; they were
plainly, mercenary; the United States
made a vast and lucrative market. »
The great American who was "first in
war, flrs*t in peace and first in the hearts
of his countrymen" was also first on the
pitchers of the English potters. There are
over twenty -designs relating to General-
Washington now known printed on Staf
fordshire and Liverpool wares. There are
with illustrations of Franklin's prowess
is entitled "Franklin's Morals."
" Designs Relating to Lafayette.
I have never seen any pieces of English
pottery bearing the name or portrait of
Lafayette or any reference to him that
could be assigned to an earlier date than
1824. the time of the Marquis' triumphal
visit to America. There are ten or a
dozen views and portraits of this date that
are well known to all china collectors.
The great veneration felt J or Lafayette's
character, his universal popularity, and
the enthusiasm over his visit, contributed
to produce- the great numbers of these
commemorative pieces which were
brought to America, and also- to their safe
preservation to this day. The two superb
views of La Grange, the home of Lafay
ette, were manufactured by Enoch Wood
of Burslem, and the fascinating "Landing
of Lafayette at Castle Garden," made by
Clews,, are among the best examples of
the art of the British potter of that day.
The portraits of Lafayette which are
shown on some of the other pieces are
very ugly and mean. Indeed, he 'was JitJt
beautiful; I have been told by persons
who remember him that he had a small
IT is interesting to observe the trend of Southern
sentiment and expression as to the President
Several Southern States were 'represented at the
inauguration by formations of their National Guards,
and others were present by their Governors and
staffs. Among the latter appeared Governor Longino
and staff of Mississippi. The Governor of the Fire
eaters took his place and bore his part creditably in
the parade, mixed with his Northern brethren and had
a good time, contributing also to the same kind of a
time enjoyed by others. Then he went home to be
immediately attacked by the press of his State, in
some cases as bitterly as if he had gone to Boston to
lay a chaplet on the grave of Wendell Phillips and
eat baked beans, with pie for breakfast
To some extent the Mississippi idea seems to be
that the North is a foreign country, inimical to the
State of Jefferson Davis, and that her Governor must
not foregather, nor march, nor take bite and sup with
the outside barbarians. No amiable person in f the
North will object to. this idea that Mississippi is an
American Korea, a sort of hermit State, not yet
opened to the world. It adds to the gayety of nations,
and in these flat and even, four square and common
place days contributes to the national amusement.
Seen from the practical standpoint it would be bet
ter for the States and the Union if the Governors of
all the States would attend the inauguration of Presi
dents and seek other and more frequent opportunities
for getting together. In the States we have conven
tions of county Sheriffs, and of members of Boards of
Supervisors. Even the Mayors of cities all over the
Union have conventions, exchange ideas about muni
cipal government, discuss measures of betterment and
reform, and go home. refreshed, if not wiser and bet
ter. Why would it not be a good idea to have an an
nual executive convention, composed of all the Gov
ernors and presided over by the President of the
United States, to discuss constitutional forms of gov
ernment, develop the analogy and parity of laws, and
decide upon a common code between the States to
cover the matters of extradition and divorce?'
While Mississippi is laying the lash on Governor
Longino for straying so far from home and, as some
of the more grandiloquent put it, "dragging the cap
tive Democracy at the chariot-wheel of a Republican
conqueror," in other parts of the South a different
frame of mind is shown.
Of course the border States do not share the fire
eating appetite, but it is surprising and gratifying tha:
the Ultima Thule of the South, the southest South
that continental geography will permit, Florida, shows
in regard to the President and the North a normal
temperature, unfluttered pulse and a cool, moist skin.
Perhaps this" is because Florida knows the value cf
the Northern market for early garden truck and
values the presence of the Northern tourist who ar
rives chilled to the marrow and remains to thaw out,
fish tarpon and shoot alligators, with much gain to
the local capital.
Whether the reason is material and sordid or in
effable and patriotic, the Florida press seems to enjoy
entering the den of Northern lions and playing with
their teeth and claws, as if to show Mississippi that
it is not afraid.
The leading Florida paper, the Times-Union, has
published a really remarkable editorial estimate of
President McKinley, which may impress other parts
of the South. . .
After explaining that Southern Democrats threw
Mr. Cleveland and purposely opposed and embar
rassed his administration because he had policies
opposed to what the Democracy wanted, the editor,
praises President McKinley because he has gone with
his party and stopped when it laid down the law, and
preferred rather, to obey the will of the people than
to blaze out a path for himself in the wilderness ot
new conditions. As to expansion it is declared that
he could not prevent it, and would have wasted his
strength in struggling against the irresistible current.
So this Southern writer concludes that the history
of Cleveland and McKinley proves that the people
want to govern themselves, and want to make mis
takes in doing it, bark their shins, so to speak, in
spite of Presidential warnings.
As to the Democratic minority this significant
statement is made: "On leading issues Republicans
have so divided that a decided stand against the ma
jority made in determined fashion by the minority
would have reversed conclusions, but the Democratic
opposition refused to stand out, as did' Republicans
against Cleveland. For this failure the Democrats
are responsible— he who does not oppose accepts and
indorses."
That will do to keep in pickle until the next cam
paign. It is an admission by high Democratic author
ity that that party in Congress has really indorsed
the measures of the administration and that its oppo
sition has been intended to be perfunctory and not
real and effective.
After all is said and sung, however, let us be thank
ful that Mr. Cleveland was better than his party, for
it makes a deal of difference what kind of a party it
is when a President tries to be better than it. His
claim to the gratitude of his country rests upon the
sort of party he had. With McKinley it is different.
THE SOUTH ON McKlNLEY.
But perhaps the gem of tha whole
library, from the purely literary point of
view. Is a copy of Gray'e "Odes." the
first edition, printed at Strawberry Hill
In 1757, with numerous important SIS.
notes by the author on the margins, with
an autograph letter of the author and the
autograph MS. of the song written, for
Miss Speed as Thyrsis.
This volume was purchased at Daniel's
sale in 1S64 for £110. There are several
others interesting and what are considered
Important Gray lota. Some of the books
have an interesting provenance. For In
stance, a copy of Wycherley'a "Miscellany
of Poems," 1704, is Inscribed "For my dear
friend. Henry Maxwell Esq.. from his
humble servant. "William "Wycherley."
Caricatures to be sold are also very nu
merous.
Another new novel which Is sure to be
looked forward to Is one by Charles Han
nan, whoso adaptation of "The Ci&aretts
Maker's Romance" at the» Court Theater
provided Martin Harvey with a genuine
popular success. He la now Very busily
engaged In completing a new novel which
wljl bear the title of "Castle AxieL" It
will deal with what Is considered an In
teresting period in early English life.
It Is stated that more than one English
publisher Is seriously thinking of Invading
America and starting business In the
United States.
It is true that some years ago th«
amount of business done by English ptfb
llshera in America was comparatively
small and that an American branch house
was often an unprofitable enterprise, but
of late the sale of books has been so
gigantic that more than one English pub
lisher during the last twelve months has
mode more out of bis American business
than out of business this side the At
lantic.
The American colony In London has be
come so large and important that it has
been found necessary to prepare a direc
tory of Americans in London. This has
been a long felt want and will be gladly
welcomed when published.
One of the most striking collections of
books which have come under the ham
mer for many years past will be sold here
on the 22d of next month and the seven
days following. It 'la the extensive and
very valuable library of the late Sir Wil
liam August Fraser. Bart., and wlll_tak©
place at Sotheby's rooms. The Interest
of the collection Is exceedingly varied,
notwithstanding the fact that a few of its
most desirable articles have been be
queathed to public and private Institu
tions.
It contains many extra, illustrated books
and collections of engravings. For in
stance, a copy of Moore's edition of
"Byron's letters." etc.. extended to
twenty quarto volumes by the addition of
2S0O portraits, views and the like; a copy
of Camden's "Britannia." 1772. with near
ly 6000 illustrations; John Timbs' "Club
Life of London," with upward of 1000 il
lustrations, and others of a similar char
acter. --•'¦: <
Booksellers say that the tnuJa in norels
at all events Is getting brisker, but thm
output of the last week does not show any
great vitality. The Issue. In fact, seems
to have been rather small, and few even
of the tales published are of much merit.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON'S WORLD
OF LETTERS
Even those who most heartily condemn the meth
ods by which Carter defeated the bill will not.ques
tion the truth of that statement. It is to be hoped,
therefore, that out of the evil results of his action
some good will come. It will of course be always
necessary to have log-rolling to get an appropriation
bill through Congress, but there should be a limit on
Senator Carter in commenting upon the appear
ance.of so much jobbery in the bill said: "It appears
ridiculous, utterly absurd, wholly indefensible from
any standpoint whatever. It is an unhappy condition
of things to contemplate when we are brought ¦ face
to face with the fact that the harbor of New York,
with its majestic commerce, the harbor of San Fran
cisco, the harbor of Charleston, the great harbors
around the country, upon which the nation at large
depends for incoming and outgoing commerce, can
not b$ honestly improved without filtering the public
money out through these various little channels,
causing men who- realize the value of the money they
are appropriating to blush in the act when the facts
are brought before them."
culled from the bill. It will be ; seen the National
Government was expected to make a channel for
ocean vessels to the village of Mattituck out of a tidal
inlet whose , waters are only, two , feet deep, to open
as navigable rivers streams so narrow that trees over
hang their channels and so shallow that even at their
mouths there is a natural depth of water hardly deep
enough for a good-sized fish to swim in.
THE SAN^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1901
FRIDAY - MARCH 22, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
ktitttt AU OoOBBaieatieas U W. 8. LEAKE, Kuipt.
MAXAGEIt'S OFFICE Telephone PrttiiSM
PTBL.ICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL HOOMS 217 to 221 Stevemon St.
Telephone Press 202.
Dellrered toy Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Inclndlnjc Postaeet
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year J«.W
r>AILT CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.0"
DAILY CALL Uncluding Sunday), I months 1-W
DAILY CALI By Single Month «5e
SUNDAY CALL. One Year I- 50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year l -°°
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Baiaple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ordering change of address should be
particular to rive both ICEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a, prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1113 Broadway
C. GEORGE itROGXESS.
Htsigtr Fertiga'Adrartiiing, Ktrgiutti Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAULTOS. ................ .Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STKPHE* B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bull dine
NETT YORK NETS STANDS:
Waldorf -Artori*. Hotel; A. Brent ano, 31 Union Square;
ITurray HIU HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bhermen House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel.
TVASHI\GTOX O>. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., IT. W.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
DBAXCH OFFICES— «J7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cctil S:J8 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:33 o'clock. 673
McAllister, open until 9:10 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S:ro o'clock. JH1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1C06 Valencia, open
sr.tll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
rer Twenty-«=e<vind nnd Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
6
Alhsmbra— "The Ang^l of the Aller."
Tivoli— ••The. Weddin* Day."
Central— "Collern Bawn."
California— • "The Telephone Girl."
Orjihpum — Vaudeville.
Crani Opera-house— "L* Travla.ta," Monday nisht.
Alcazar— "The Proper CaDer."
Olur.i'.iia— "The Hichwayraan."
Oljir.pia, corner Mason ana Eddr etreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venine.
Fisoher'B-VaufieviUe.
Sherman-Clay Hall-Piano IlecltaL
T. M. C A. Auditorium — Concert.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE2CE2TTS.
Call oobicrlbrn contemplating- n change of
resilience daring: the summer months can havfi
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
¦ ddre«t«* I»j- notifying: The Call- Business Office.
This po»»er v»ill alao be on aale at all summer
resorts and 1% represented by a local agent In
all tOTTBM on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
It is to be used as a food,
whenever their usual food does
not quite answer the purpose
of food. .
W«T1 tend jwi » Bttl« to trj, tf yam HX«.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pwrl itrwt, 2Uw Y«*>
And "important" means that
it keeps them in even health.
Whenever they show the least
disturbance of even balance o£
health, it promptly restores
them.
Nothing, that comes in a
bottle, is more important for
children than Scott's emulsion
of cod-liver oiL
FOR CHILDRENMr. Chairman and Gentlemen: I am deeply
sensible of tha proud privileeo accorded m«
by the chairman In assigning to me the agree
able duty of saying a few words of welcome
to our honored The present occasion
does not call for any Verbal pyrotechnics or
gems of thought. We are all, I take it, al
most too intimate with Tom Williams and
ourselves, to throw "bouquets" at him or at
each other. It seems to me you would all
be better pleased if I limit my remarks to ex
pressing our pleasure at having him with us
this evening as our guest. He Is not going
to- leave us to selfishly enjoy his new-found
happiness. He proposes to remain right here
among us and he expects us all to be wit
nesses of his felicity. He has proven by re
cent events that he is great in war and I am
sure he will be great In peace. As a result cf
the war, he should settle up and as a result
of peace and happiness he should settle down.
"We cannot separate tho two who, - in a few
hours are to be made one, and so I propose
the health of the brido and groom, to be
drunk in bumpers.
The toast was quaffed with right good
will, all the gentlemen standing while
said in part:
During the banquet Mr. Oelrlchs read a
Uelegram received by him from D. T. Mur
phy and "Doc" Forbes, who are in New
York, which was as follows:
"Will you present our compliments to Tom
"Williams and drink his health for us?
The reading of the telegram evoked the
heartiest applause.
Happy Speech, by Herman Oelrichs.
At 10 o'clock, when cigars were lighted,
Herman Oelrlchs arose and after the ap
plause which greeted him had subsided
was also a "feast of wit." The menu, pre
pared by Herman Oelrichs, was a very
clever conception/as will be seen by a
perusal of it: ,
«fr - — : — j*
lowing named gentlemen were present to
honor Mr. Williams: >
Truxton Beale, "W. J. Martin, Thomas Mc-
Caleb, C. S. Glvena, Thomas Blnny, B. ; B.
Hcldan, Charles H. Has well Jr.. Joseph M.
Quay, Charles Q. Lyman, .Carroll Mercer, J.
W. Byrne, Alexander Hamilton, F. R. Web
ster, F. J. Carolan, Walter: W. Martin, J.
Naglee Burk, Charles Paxton, Louis Lissak,
R. R. Grayson and Henry T. Creswell.
The repast began at 7:30 p. m. and lasted
till 10 o'clock. During the dinner the
gentlemen engaged in lively conversation,
and in addition to epicurean delight there
Bachelors Friends Gather Around Festal Board> Toasting
Prospective Groom and Bride-to-Be, While Massive
Punch-Bowl Is Presented Him as a Token of Esteem
CLUBMEN GIVE A SUPERB FEAST
IN HONOR OF T. H. WILLIAMS JR.
A fare-well recital will be given this
evening at Sherman-Clay Hall by Mme.
Carreno, the brilliant pianist. The prices
will bo popular, and the few seats still
on sale may be reserved at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s music store. „
Carreno's Farewell Recital.
The facts remain, however, that the lit
tle flat is vacant and that David Ferrier
and his baby boy are living with hla
mother at 1S03A Folsom street and that
none of the Ferrier family know of the
whereabouts of the young wife.
Another said that the man was a fur
niture . dealer who had purchased the
household effects, wliile others said that
she never had a brother and that the
alleged furniture man was some one
dearer to her than the man who dealt in
household articles.
The people In tho neighborhood of 1321
Minna street supplied many additional
facts. One said that the young wife was
assisted to move by her brother, with
whom she went away.
"Yes, my son's wife packed up every
thing last Monday while he was at work
and has gone, we know not where," said
Mrs. Ferrier.
The grandmother of the child, who is
a refined and well-educated French lady,
admitted the troubles of her son and
daughter-in-law and \ said she had the
baby in her possession.
The mother sought the child some weeks
ago and recovered It. Since then there
has been constant trouble between the
husband and wife, which resulted in the
sudden separation. «•
The couple had been married about'
three years.;- Mrs, Ferrier, who was a
Miss McNally, is a tall, handsome blondo,
about 20 years old. It is alleged that some
time since she neglected her baby and
household for outside pleasures and tha
society of other men. As a result the hus
band took their child and placed It in the
care of his mother, Mrs. Ferrier, a widow
and teacher of languages, at 1803A Folsom
street. > "
When David Ferrier, an engineer em- j
ployed at the Union Iron Works, returned
from his work last Monday evening he
found that his wife had sold the furniture
and' levanted. Their two-year-old baby
was the only occupant of the otherwise
desolate home at 1321 Minna street." %?Z-'.
Engineer Returns From Worh to
Find Bride of Three) Tears
and His Furnitur*
- Missing.
Mrs. David Ferrier Desirts
Her Home and Cannot
Be Locattd.
LEAVES BABY
AND HUSBAND
HERMAN OELRICHS TOASTING
THE GUEST OF HONOR AND HIS
BRIDE-ELECT.
Mrs. Hennessy, after parting with her
money, has been compelled to work In an
overall factorv to nipport her children.
One daughter is married, but another and
a. snn are dependent upon her. Her hus-
V>and died fourteen years ago and by her
r-xertions she has since maintained her
family.
"That would be compounding a felony
to see her." said Alicri and another search
for bondsmen was uade, but it proved
lutile.
"Can't you go and see this woman? See
how much she wants; give her anything
Fhe as^ks. but get me out of here. Won't
any of my friends go my bail?"
"This is a case of blackmail." said Ful
ler. "I do not know anything about it.
"What is the charge anyway?"
Turning to his attorney, Mr. Allen, he
paid:.
Nearly nine months elapsed from the
time I eaw him last until I located him
cut his residence, 502 Stanyan street, where
his wife keeps a rooming-house. I went
there several times, but failed to meet
him. His wife always answered the door.
On February 27 I get word to him and on
March 2 he called on me, promlsincto re
turn all my money. He was very much
agitated, denied that he was married and
asked me to wait fcr a few days. Then
I consulted Attorney Nagle. who sent a
formal demand to him. to which he paid
no attention. After avoiding me for near
ly a year I thought, after taking my at
torney's advice, that it would be better
to send him to prison than to compromise
with him."
Fuller made an attempt to resist arrest
when Officers Waterman and Bunner
raught him. He lives directly over the
Stanyan street police station. "Waterman
and Bunner were in a lot adjoining the
rear of Fuller's residence attending to the
patrol wagon horses. Fuller appeared on
the back perch and Waterman, knowing
thcr«» was a warrant for his arrest, called
to him.
Fuller obediently responded, but when
Waterman placed Lim under arrest he
tried to break away. Bunner then Jumped
over the fence and helped to escort him
to the station, where he was formally
charged. He was immediately sent to the
Hall of Justice and was locked up in de
fault of tsm bail.
He eald he had an estate coming to
him from the East, but needed money to
carry on the fight for Its possession. I
save him various sums at various times,
In all over $1000.
In December, 1S25, Mrs. Hennessy, with
her four children, left her home In Char
lottetown. Prince Edward Island, and
soon laaded la San Francisco. She located
In & lodrinr-housa at 617 Mission street
and was Introduced to Fuller by the land
lady. Fuller at this time was suing: his
wife for a- divorce. Mrs. Hennessy being
a Btrantrer told him tnat she had a draft
xrem the bank In her home town that she
wished cashed- Fuller, ehe claims, of
fered to have it cashed and learned at tha
came time that eho had some other re
sources, consistine of shares of stock In
the Earn* Institution from which tho de
posit was withdrawn.
Fuller, according to Mrs. Hennessy,
¦was very attentive to her financial affairs
end In order that he might be in better
"posltiou to handle her moneys took her
before Notary Thorpe and had her ac
knowledge some sort of an Instrument.
Out of a remittance of more than $300
Mrs. Hennessy received about one-half,
which she deposited lu the HHbernla Bank.
Other moneys cams and then Fuller be-
Ean his protestations of love.
"Finally we were engaged to be mar
"rted," said Mrs. Hennessy last night in
the office of Attorney Charles G. Nagle,
"who has been engaged to specially pros
ecute the case. "He told me that he was
suing hi» wife for a divorce and that aa
eoon as tho decree was signed he would
marry me.
E. Ia Fuller, an eglneer, Is In the City
Prison, charged \--ith felony embezzle
ment on complaint of Mrs. Ellen Hen
nessy, a irtdow residing at 430 Clementina
Etreet. According to tho lady vrho swears
to the complaint Fuller, by means of an
offer of marriage. Induced her to part
with 51000 of her savings. He then mar
ried another woman and for almost a
5-ear disappeared from Mrs. Hennessy' s
She Has Him Arrested, Alleging
That TL& Took Her Money
While Promising Mar-
riage.
Mrs. Ellen Hennessy, a
Widow, Accuses Him
Embezzlement. '
SERIOUS CHARGE
AGAINST FULLER
Frank Kane, secretary of - the Society
for. the Suppression of. Vice, accompanied
by Miss Lake of the Methodist Chinese
Mission, raided a house at 710^ Jackson
street last | night. lUpon gaining entrance
to the place they were asked for a war
rant, which they refused to show, claim
ing they were on rescue work.
The people of the" house thereupon sum
moned the special policemen on duty in
the neighborhood. Special Officers George
and James Downey and George Duflleld
responded, but were refused admission by
the anti-vice people. A wordy war "en
sued which ended in the specials breaking
down the doors and forcing an entrance.' f v
A fight followed which resulted. in : the
specials being thrown out of i the house
and the continuance of the investigation
by Knnc and his party." V;-'- *
SECRETARY KANE AND
SPECIAL POLICE FIGHT
Occupants of Jackson-Street Houso
Call for Aid Against Rescue
Workers.
Call at office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., 4 New Montgomery st., ; and Inform
yourself concerning that company's . im
proved service and low rates to Los An
geles, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Tacoma,
Seattle, Juneau, Skaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports. .
Why Don't You Travel by SeaP
A railroad man of good education is
wanted at the University of California,
the job at present going a-begging. Pres
ident Benjamin I. Wheler decided that
some of the students might wish to follow
in the footsteps of the late C. P. Hunting
ton or become rivals to the much talked
of E. Harriman.- He asked . prominent
railroad officials their advice as to how to
get a 'good 'man to fill tho bill. Wheeler's
action was not crowned with success, and
how gently he was let down is not known."
It is said, however, : that he has now- an
impression that railroad men are, besides
being busy, high-priced.
"Wheeler wants a good railroad man to
go over to Berkeley and lecture on 'Rail
road ; Transportation and Management' to
the students,"- said .oncfHcial yesterday
"Well, a man who can ret. up before stu
dents and explain to them how a railroad
should be run successfully Is a good man.
If ha can do this trick he Is Cleveland
from a labor side of view is .valuable. .Ha
could i command i a good s salary ? in a rail
road .office and would make a bigger hii
than 1>y, showing students on a blackboard
how it should be done. 'Wheeler does not
see it in ; this j iljerht; « He is not by: any
means close, but he does not realize what
the job is worth,; He was unable to inter
est any railroad ¦ man in . this ' city > in the
matter,*; and : a man will no doubt be ( en
jrarrrrJ in thr> East."
FINDS RAILROAD
MEN COME HIGH
be utilized for terminals, the lease to the
basin having been passed by the Legisla
ture. On the other lands acquired the
company will erect depots and other ap
purtenances of a railway institution.
Colonel H. H. Veuve occupied the posi
tion of chairman and was flanked on his
right by the guest of honor, while W. S.
l^eake sat at the left of Colonel "Veuve.
Herman Oelrichs acted as master of cere
monies and toastmaster and sat vls-a-vla
to Colonel Veuve.
In addition to those mentioned the fol-
Those at Table.
green base were hundreds of orange tu
lips, each having in its center a black
pansy; the harmony of the guest's racing
colors being thus preserved. Behind the
chair of the guest of honor was a floral
flag, composed of email sunflowers on a
ground of black silk. Bunches of Amer
ican Beauty roses were disposed around
the room and posies of small orange
tulips and black pansles were placed be
side the plates of tho assembled guests.
There was placed on record in the Re
corder's office yesterday a number of
deeds covering the transfer to the Santa
Fe Railway Company of four blocks ad
joining China Basin and three other
blocks in the Potrero, adjacent to the
rlKht of way recently granted to the com
pany on Illinois street by. the Board of
supervisors. The grantors of the prop
erty are A. S. Baldwin and his. wife, who
acquired it for purposes of transfer to
Captain A. H. Payson. vice president of
the Santa Fe, as trustee. The considera
tion, according to the revenue stamps af
fixed to the Instruments, aggregates the
6 T^e° property transferred includes Tide
Lend Survey blocks 419. 430. 453 and 455, aa
located on the map of Bait Marsh tide
lands lying under water south of Second
Bfeet The blocks comprise all the lots
bo"unded by El Dorado, Alameda, Illinois,
Georgia, Louisiana, Michigan and Merri
mac streets, the consideration for the four
blocks being $170,000. Blocks 127, 137 and
168 of the CrNeill and Haley tract, bound
ed by O, P, Q and R streets, Sixth, Sev
enth, Eighth and Ninth avenues, and also
described in the deeds recorded, the con-
Eidcration for the property" being $91,500,
which brings the total cum paid up to
$*61,500. ¦ .
The property adjoining China Basin will
SANTA FE BUYS
TERMIHALLANDS
fs-r|"<dHOMAS H. 'WILLIAMS JR., the
I millionaire racing magnate, who
I to-morrow will lead to the altar
IL Mies Beatrice Steele of Oakland,
was tendered a, banquet last even
ing at the Pacific Union Club by a score
of his intimate friends.
The affair was given in the breakfast
room of the club and the apartment was
a glowing mass of color and floral decora
tions. A. round table, twenty feet in diam
eter, occupied the center of the room.
The walls of the apartment were draped
with the orange and black colors of the
California Jockey Club, of which Mr. Wil
liams is president. The same colors were
utilized in the artistic table decoration,
which elicited tbe admiration of those at
the festal board.
Towering from the center of the table
•The toast, "To the Better Half" was
then proposed by Sir. Oelrichs and par
ticipated In with deep sincerity. The
punch bowl was filled with sparkling
liquid and circulated around the room,
and for some hours the gentlemen con
versed. When they dispersed It was with
a heartfelt wish that Tom Williams and
his bride would enjoy for many years the
acme of happiness.
The bowl presented to Mr. "Williams Is
of massive silver with a heavy raised rim
of vine leaves and grrapes top and bottom.
The inside is heavily gold-plated. The ex
terior bears the Inscription: "Thomas H.
Williams Jr.; From His Friends," and
the date of the presentation. The donors'
names are engraved around the bowl. It
is a fine piece of workmanship, from the
hands of Shreve & Co. The ladle is of
the old Dutch type, the handle bent al
most to a right angle at the point where
It touches the bowl: . The handle proper
is a silver owl, the Bohemian symbol.
The total weight is seventy-five ounces,
of which the bowl weighs sixty-five and
the ladle ten.. v "
It was understood that there should be no
speeches to-night and so I will give you my
thanks for this kind expression of your re
gard for me. This Is not a farewell dinner,
as many have supposed. It Is tbe most hos
pitable reception I*have ever had in my life
and all I can say is that I hope that my
better, half' Is a million times better than' I
am. I trust that I shall be able to Invite
you all to my home. Once again I thank you.
As Mr. Oelrlchs concluded his remarks
the club attaches brought Into the room
the superb work of the silversmith's art,
•which was then presented to Mr. Wil
liams amid cheers.
With visible emotion Mr. "Williams ac
cepted the gift and said: f - :'.
I will conclude my remarks by asking the
honored guest's acceptance of this punch bowl,
which I beg he will accept with the best
wishes of those whose names are on It 'and
with every possible wish for his future happi
ness. ¦ - ..-".. - , .
Toastmaster Oelrlchs then resumed his
speech and raised hearty laughter by fe
licitous comment upon each gentleman
present. The merry manner of the
speaker then gave way to a serious vein,
and, continuing-, he said:
they drained their g-oblets of sparkling:
wine.
Punch Bowl Presented to the Guest.
THE SAN FRiiNeiSCO { C^LL., FRIDAY; MARCH 22, 1901.
MENU.
Toke Point*.
Potagtt Tanforan.
Celery. Roasted Almonds.
Terrapin, a l'lngleslde.
Saddle of Lamb,
New Green Peas.
Sauce Hollandalso.
Sorbet, a la Tom Williams.
WINES. — —
Dry Monopole. English Snipe-.
Monopole Club Dry. Romaln Salad.
Meringue, a 1' Emeryville.
Camembert. - Bents Biscuits.
',':::~ : ': • Coffee.
Pacific Union Club. March 21, 1901.
was a Japanese cherry tree in full bloom.
Us base being hidden by green ferns of
every known variety. Scattered over the
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
U y Ls y 5flBg| A LEADING THEATRE
TO-NIGHT-SOUVENIR EVENT. 7
Photos by Thors. Natural Flowers From
Shanahan.
LAST 3 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAT.
DE KOjJ'EN & SMITH' S OPERA.
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
Together "With the "World's Greatest Dancer,
LA LOIE FULLER,
i In the "Archangel" and "Tempest."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
First Time in This City,
CHARLES FROHMAN "Will Present the Suc-
cess of the Century.
tbb LITTLE MINISTER
By J. M. BARRIE.
Founded on His Novel of the Same Name.
BEATS NOW READT.
"NEVER~BETTER."
SMITH & CAMPBELL: TECHOWS CATS:
COAKLEY & HUSTED: AMIEL: BUNTH
& RUDD CO. : MR. and MRS. MARK
MURPHY; BEATRICE MORELAND &
CO.: LES MASCAGNO.
'.?,*-^r . ; ".. . ' Dancers.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and ,box seats, 60c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
PHONE SOUTH 770
EVERT EVENING— MATINEE SATURDAT
AND SUNDAY.
Tha Mammoth and Master Melodramatie
Production of the "World !
mTTTp THE BIG NEW YORK
X XjL_lLj sensation.
.A-nsra-iEi.,
& JLT_iT_iEY '.
THE GREATEST SUCCESS
EVER ACHIEVED BY A NEW COMPANY.
FIRST TIME IN THIS CITY I
— PRICES
15c 25c- 35c SOc
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
WILL MAKE A. GOAT LAUGH!
The Proper Caper
From tha Madison-square Theater, N. T.
SEATS NOW READY! •
FOR NEXT WEEK.
Wm". Gillette's Roaring Comedy,
"TOO MUCH JOHNSON."
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15.
FAREWELL POPULAR ; RECITAL!
CARRENA
POPULAR ; PRICE— $1. NO HIGHER ! Re-
nerved. J><"ats on sale at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s.
MOBOSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
SEASON GRAXD OPERA.
SEMBRIGH company.
Under the Direction of C'L GRAFF.
Evenlnp Performances at 8. Matinees at 2.
TO-MORRaW (SATURDAY) AFTERNOON,
First Time In San Francisco in Many Tears,
Donizetti's
MADAME SEMBRICH AS NORINA.
MM. de Lara, Bennaude. Rossi. Galazzi.
Repertoire Next and Last Week— Sale 1 now open,
Monday Eveninnr. March 23th, Verdi's
"LA TRAVIATA."
MADAME SEMBRICH AS VIOLETTA.
"Wednesday Evening, March 27th. Last Even-
ing Performance Donizetti's
••LrciA."
MADAME BEMBRICH as LUCIA DI LAM-
MERMOOR.
Saturday Matinee. March 30th (Last Perform-
ance), to Be Announced.
GRAND ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS.
Conductor. SIGNOR BEVIGNANL
Scale of Prices— *1 £0. 12. S3. K. Gallery (un-
reserved). Jl. Genera] Admission. {2. Seats
now on sale at Box OfQce and Branch, Ticket
Office, Emporium. -~~ i"
*T!VPU*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATCHDAT
AT J.
II "ANOTHER TREMENDOUS HIT" |f—
The Musical and Comedy Sensation.
WEDDING
DAY!"
BOOK BT STANISLAUS STANOSL
MUSIC BT JULIAN EDWARDS.
POPULAR PRICES 25c aad lOq
Telephone— Bush 9.
GOOD-BYE PERFORMANCES !
THIS EVENING,
MATINEE TO-MORROW
THE And TO-MORROW NIGHT.
TELEPHONE
EVENING tie, S3c 50c, 75c, 8.00
MATIXEE 25c. 50c. 75q
BELASCO ***> THAlE8jfefflg£
%^h^< i^ta u '•¦^^ tftrx cur itm
Phone South S3X
Tc-nlRht and every evenlne tbla week.
Ite-rular Matinee Saturday and Bandar.
Dion Boucicault's Great Irish Drama.
COLLEEN BAWN.
A PICTURESQUE SCENIC PRODUCTION;
SEE THE GREAT CAVE SCENE. .
DDIfKC ET«nin-r» lOc, 15c, 85c. 50o
1 flltti Matinees ....lOc. 15c. 25o
NEXT "WEEK— Mammoth Productioa of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN!
E'TCrrWFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
T ibUnUri a Admission lOc.
The Flechtls, Sam Holdworth, OUt« Vail. Lil-
lian Jeanette. Chas. VV. Cofc-ill. Trtxeda. B. A.
Bentley. Chester, and Hinrlchs* Orchestra. Ra-
cerved Seats. g"c. MaUnee Sunday.
".. POSTPONED UNTIL APRIL 6TH.
TESTIMONIAL CONCERT TENDERED TO
MISS ORISA K. GREEN, at Sherman & Clay's
Hall, owing to illness of leading sla*«rt. Tick-
ets at Sherman & Clay's.
We delight to fill mail orders.
@\1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use . over fifty
jv-ara by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lower*. Positively cure th«
worst cases in old and young
arisinc from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
ci-farctte-smoklng. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Nirbt Ix>es«i, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
.WES. *£?5? " "£•" »°- c»" :
K Rwton email, unfievelooed r.rgaas.
SUmulate the brain and nerve cen tw»e *
box; « f or St SO by mall. A written guarantee
?« rurv r»r rnonei* refunded with 6 boxes. «Jir-
cularTfr^A«re7s BISHOP REMEDY CO.
40 KUie St., San Francisco, Cal. GRAJ«T
DRUO CO- SS and 40 Third mt.
HEAR, youheak
¦ ¦ /* — so much about
jF^\ *^j^"^ gushers in the
¦'0t10¥^' HIT FIFI Tfc^
/t fe^li?^ ?? e .^ ys m \Z e
BC'M ¦ ?/4 leel '^e jvshmg
'j^^^^T^P^^^ at wc ' vc specially
¦^^^aj^p-ip^ priced at
/ mm *\ www fcLjJaiaj # U \j 9
6 can sa f 6 ty sa V they're
Wf trousers, because the
W> fabric bears us out in our
W& 1 / assertion— the way they're
\1 ' i / tailored, the way they're
ifejll \J trimmed and the way they
£mza& I t^\ fit— and, you Tcnow, a new
®^^ »3y. pair of trousers brightens
*&m U P that coat and vest you
** & * have been wearing this
jy^ fliwiWift^aUfcuwitifcfc, winter.
JjjjwS^B^^WBKj^i^lf^^t JVoiv fhen, mister man,
§M^waGtt&&- : WW don't you think you had
better have a pair of these
( the Trousers!
LflZY LIVER
Are you real certain your liver is in
good working condition ? If it isn't
you know it, the symptoms are too
positive to allow you to be deceived.
That coated tongue, yellow skin,
headache, etc., can 'be relieved by
TijfcoLftThh
TV ¦' -
It acts promptly and effectually but
gently, without a gripe or pain.
. 'Tpo v 'itt 1
A xoo-Page Book of . Stories and fw '^I?
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free oftfegf
with every 25-cent package. raSa!?j^--
ALL DRUGGISTS. ¦ 'f^^wS5'
K^^MEflfln 1 1 . (I ; nSQ}HftfiUj H
Dill OF* These hotels pos-
rALAut f s . ess f f f tribut "
that tourists and
Qflfl travelers appreciate
«»U —central location,
pnilin liberal man a g c-
UllAliU men t, modern ap'
llflfri O pointments a n d
HlJItLui perfect cuisine,
11 " l ta WJ American and Eu-
Sail FrandSCO. ropean plans.
HPfff'W^fef rernovesthe stomach g
gLwJLHP^ terror of lard-madc ra
™j$5P^^ffiSrPJgfJ 11..,^
KAWCJ^ park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
Week March ltth to 23d.
SIX HIGH-CUA.SS RACES EACH DAT. *
ICnSATURDAY. 2M rNST.,-
— PACIFIC UNION STAKES!
First Race Dally at- 2:10 P. M. "
Trains from Third and Townsend et«.— 7, 10:40,
11:30 a. m.; 12:40, 1, 1:30, 2 p. m.
Returning leave Track 4:15 and thereafter at
•hort • intervals.
Week of i March 25-SE VER AL BIG EVENTS.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R; R. FARE) $1 25.
; MILTON S. LATHAM; Secretary, f'
B.\J." POWER, Racinar Secretary.
CHUTES A1^PP^Fe^ ib
LEAH MAY,
The Tallest. Woman in "the, "World." .
TO-MORROW ; NIGHT — BIG CAKEWALK
. -AND PICTURES; OF THE GANS-McGOV-
i- ERN : FIGHT. ' ;'^ :,\. r, . " •. :: '
COMMENCING SUNDAY — BARNES' DOG
'ANDPONY SHOW. ;
¦ ¦'_ ¦¦> :" . Telephone fnr"F n nt.-i— Pp. rk 13.
f HAROWOOD $|O'00|
1 FOLDING BED IZ=-|
h A pood substantial bed, well H
if paneled and finished. A bar- Fj
w gain. We want to estimate on u
. U furnishing entire homes, flats Q
0 and rooming-houses. We can ft
B pave you money on furniture. ft
B carpets and draperies. Credit H
\i If you wish. A fine line of lace : ¦
curtains from Jl 25 per pair up. R
1 T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO., I
i 333-342 POST STREET, E
1 Opposite Union Sauare. m
eONE PHDCC
BOTTLE LUntO
fMcBURNEY'8 \
lvlune J CURE
A thorough cure for
pains la tbe back,
B RIGHT'S DISEASE,
female troubles, lnoon-
sof urine, fericlc dnct deposits, bod*
(retting of children, eravel, call ttonn.
dropfy, diabetes, and rheaxatticm.
FOR GALE AT
DAHLBEIfDER DRUO CO.. »4 Kumy «t-
P»nd 25c in 2o stamps to W. F. McBurney.
4"' B. Spring rt., Los Anrelea, Cal., for S
days' treatment. Prepaid tl CO. Drurclsts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.1 NEW YORK. March M.-To-day's metal
market was entirely without, speculative en
eigy.\Tln was about 15 points lower than yes
terday, as the result of disappointing cables.
,1 he ..market, however, ruled dull all day
closing at $25 25.' Copper was quoted at $17 fof
Lake and $16 S7V» for casting. A decline of 2s 6d
Nczv York Metal Market:
SHEEP— Receipts. 12.000; sheep, steady . to
strong: lambs, 'about' steady:* good to choice
wethers. |4 75@5: fair to choice mixed. $4 50i@>
4 SO; Western sheep. Jl 75@5: yearling*. $4 -,5ff>
5 10; native lambs, |4 75{J5 40: Western lambs
15 1005 40. ' . ¦ .
CHICAGO. March 21.— CATTLE— Receipts.
8000. Including! 200 Texans: ' steers, . strong to
10c higher; butchers* stock, steady, to strong;
good to prime steers, $5^6: poor to" medium
$3 7o@4 90; stockers and feeders.' $2 75@4 65
cows, $2 70<54 40: heifers, $2 75® 4 TO; canners,
I2CT2 65: bulls, $2 60@4 50; calves, )t 50@6; Texas
fed steers, J4g5;"grassers, 13 40@4; bulls, $2 50
£'3 75. ' . -
HOGS— Receipts to-day, -16.000; 'to-morrow,
15,000; left over. 2500; active,' 5@15c higher; top.
$6 15; mixed and butchers. 15 85<g6 15: good to
choice heavy, J60J6 15; rough heavy. $5 ssigs 93
light. $5 S5<g6 07^4: bulk of sales, $6@6 07V4. '
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 6 1H 9 1%
Closing 6 Vi, 6114
PARIS.
Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening ••' IS 65 19 00
Closing 18 60 19 60
Flour— • • , ¦ ¦ .
Opening 23 90 25 05
Closing 23 80 24 90
Chicago Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull: creamery. 15@21c: dairy. 110
18c. Cheese, active, 10>i®U?*c Eggs, active;
fresh, ll?ic. .
. " - . m
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000 60.000
Whect. bushels 115.C0O . 19.000
Corn, bushels 245.000 138.000
Oats, bushels 239,C"10 169,000
Rye, bushels g.COO - 8,000
Barley, bushels 26,000 4,000
' Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 6SH®74c; No. 2
red. 75@77%c; No. 2 corn, 40iic; No. 2 yellow.
40«4c: No. 2 oats, 25%«?26c; No. 2 white. 28®
28*4c; No. 3 white. 27^©2SHc; No. 2 rye. D3c;
good feeding barley. 47c; fair to choice malt
ing. 62<&57c: No. 1 flaxaeed. $1 5oV4: No. 1
Northwestern. $1 E6&; prime timothy seed,
{4 25: mess pork, per bbl. 116 20© 16 25; lard,
per 100 lbs. $7 9007 92\4: short ribs sides (loose).
$7 70@7 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed), G\b'(p
6%c; short clear sides (boxed). JS 12HQS 25;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade. tlO 65©10 75.
NEW TOnK, March 21.— The heavy selling
by speculators to realize, which carried the
whole irarket down yesterday, was checked to
day, and there were renwaJ recoveries and a
showing of net gains for the day In a majority
of cases. There was continued pressure on the
ci&rket at the opening of buslnesc and lt was
emphasized by the depression In the London
market on account of uneasiness over the
Tientsin affair and fears of harder money there.
But there was renewed buying of some stocks
of such proportions and conducted with «uch
confidence as to discourage the selling, and the
rubscquent rally was helped by the demand
from quite an extended short Interest left un
covered after yesterday's operations for the
decline. The speculative leaders were very
active in their efforts to cause a resumption
of the etrong bull market which has recently
prevailed. They were only partly successful,
although they had the assistance of a report
late in the session that the Anglo-Russian diffi
culty had been settled. A number of stocks
were falriy buoyant during the day and others
were markedly etrong, but the advances were
not all well held and there were frequent reac
tions after the recovery had set In. Burlington
was In demand from the shorts and there was
a combined upward movement at one time In
the Grangers. Pacifies and Southwesterns.
Heavy realizing met this advance and difficulty
was encountered, especially In the case of Mis
souri Pacific, in upward course. The Eries were
the conspicuous feature of the later market and
were lifted from 24 to 7 points, the latter the
eecond preferred on enonnous buying. Recently
current reports of early dividend action wen
all revived. The Wabach securities were In
good demand, the preferred rising 1\ over last
night. The movement In the Erie* helped all
the coalers. Sugar shot up 2*4 points and Peo
ple's Gas and Tobacco had their periods of
strength. The International Paper stocks were
very strong, rising 2>»Q44 for the common and
preferred. Salt gained l'i and the preferred 7.
There »u quite a lonr list of minor railroad
stocks which moved up i'rom 1 to 4S. and North
American advanced 6»i over last night. Amal
gamated Copper was strong on the regular divi
dend declaration. The steel stocks were de
cidedly quiet and moved narrowly, but recov
ered to some extent from early *heav1ness. Not
withstanding, this quite Impressive showing of
strength there was no renewal of the universal
upward movement which .affected the whole
market at time* during the last few days. That
there Is some latent uneasiness over the money
outlook is shown by the eager discussion of the
poesibllty that the Secretary of the Treasury
will redeem Government bonds and thus benefit
the money market.
The railroad bond market continues very act
ive, many new issues coming Into prominence.
The price movement was Irregular. Total sales,
fS.255,000. United States refunding 2s advanced
»» and the old 4s declined \k per cent on the
last call.
NEW YORK ETOCK LIST.
Bharee Closing
Sold. Stocks- Bid.
?:.S00 Atchlson eoVi
II.200 Atchison prefd <.«S
3.100 Baltimore & Ohio n\
4.000 Canadian Pacific 94i>
6.W0 Canada Southern 6ivj
€.100 Chesapeake & Ohio <<;»,
4.900 Chicago Great Western 2I\
64.200 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 164H
2.200 Chicago. Ind & Louisville jWf,
700 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 72V4
M0 Chicago & East Illinois 11514
200 Chicago & Northwestern 173^
13.700 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 129^4
800 O C C 4 Pt Louis 77^4
J r '.2OO Colorado Southern inj
I.4OO Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4$
2<v> Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20»4
€,40n Delaware & Hudson 16j£
1,100 Delaware Lackawana & Western... 1J5H
1 200 J>nvcr & Rio Grande 40H
•00 Denver & Rio Grande prefd »!«,
.7*.15O Erie : » U%
5C» Erie 1st prefd CTT4
1.200 Great Northern prerd 2014
100 Hocklr.g Coal 17>*
600 Hocking Valley £3',4
Xczc York Stock Market.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March..... 75H 75% -75 75>,i
April 76 76 75H 75U
May 76T4 76:4 76»fc 76H
Corn No. 2—
March 33 T '«
May 41H 41«4 41tf 4Ui
July. 4l\i 41«4 41!i 41H
Oats No. 2 —
May 2o»i 25H 24% 24T4
July... 24% 24% 24H 24H
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 17 06 17 10 16 20 16 35
July 15 60 15 52>4 15 00 15 00
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 7 80 7 95 7 85 7 8714
July 7 95 7 95 7 85 7 87%
September 8 00 8 00 7 90' 7 92H
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 7 80 7 S5 7 70 7 77%
September 7 77'/4 7 774 7 67tf 7 70
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nevada — Oloudy: cooler Friday.
L'tah — Cloudy Friday, probably with showers.
Arizona — Showers: cooler Friday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and foggy
Fridav- ir<±h to brisk westerly wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Temporarily in Charge.
The temperature has fallen In Western Yl'ash-
Injunn find ren;alr»etl nearly stationary In other
district*.
Cloudy weather will probably prevail over
California Friday, with showers along the ex
treme northwest coast and In the mountain r«
giorB.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 22. 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy and somewhat
threatening with showers on extreme northwest
coajst; fr^sh west wind: cooler In the Interior.
b^utherii California— Partly cloudy Friday;
Ir^h west wind. *
The pressure has fallen over the western por
tion of the country, except along the Central
California cosst. where it has risen slightly.,
An area of low pressure is central In Northern
Mf.ntar.a and the highest pressure Is reported
ofF the California coast.
Cloudy weather r>ervails oVer the Pacific Slope
end Rocky Mountain region. Light rain haa
fallen in Washington and Northern Oregon anl
rjuite a heavy shower is reported from San
I>i»»so.
Y.EATHIIR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
fan Franclrco data: Maximum temperature,
SC: minimum, 49; mean. It.
CHICAGO. March 2L— The provision market
opened strong on light hog receipts and higher
prices at the stock yards, May pork 15@20c
higher at $17 07i517 10. Selling by brokers said
to be acting for Armour, who Is popularly be
lieved to be In a position to control the mar
ket, started realizing by other longs and- May
broke on an excited market to $16 20. Armour
was an open buyer of ribs In the meanwhile,
his purchases' bein& approximated at 2.000.000
pounds. This, together with the readiness of
the market to absorb pork at the decline, caused
a gradual reaction In May pork to $16 45. The
close was E5c under yesterday at $16 S3. May
lard closed a shade up and ribs C@7>,ic higher.
Armour Is still believed to control the market
and some traders took the long side of the
decline.
Wheat was only moderately active, trade be
ing chiefly of a professional character. At the
opening yesterday's rumor of a clash between
the Russian and English troops at Tientsin re
mained unconfirmed. Easier cables from Liver
pool were In line with the supposition that
the report was either unfounded or exaggerated.
Northwest receipts were liberal and in addition
to this bearish array ot facts the Price Cur
rent estimated the wheat In farmers' hands
fit <6,000,000 busfiels more than the Government
approximation, and the warehouse stocks at
47,000.000 bushels more than appears at the
points- of which the official visible supply state
ment takes cognizance. May opened Uc lower
at 76ft®76%c, eold to 7634c dipped to 76^c
and recovered to 76-\c. In the afternoon May
dropped again to 76Hc. closing heavy, %c un
der yesterday at 76V4ia76Hc.
Corn was moderately active, while the un
dertone of the maiket seemed easy. May
closed %c lower.
Oats were dull. May closed Me ldwer at 24T»c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
. POULTRY-Llve Turkeys/ ll«?13c for Gob
y*??A? n<i 12< ? 14 c .for Hens; Geese, per pair
old and $809 50 for young r; Hens. ' $5ff6 51;
young Roosters.; $7<J?S SO; old Rooftera. $56)5 50:
Fryers, • $5©6 M; Broilers, $536- for large and
High prices still rule for Poultry under light
receipts and a good demand^ " Game continues
quiet, though the cooler weathrr caut.es a bet
ter demand for; it. ¦¦ ,'-jftffijgKj]||MWWBV^
: A car ' of Eastern ; Poultry arrived, making
four thus far this week. ' .¦.¦','-"'
Poultry and Game.
¦ VEGETABLES- Rhubarb.' 65c@$l 50 per box
Asparagus, •; $2@2 25 for fancy. $1 2501 50 per
£ OX f0 L=, No - l and c °c@*l for No. 2; . Green
Peas. 2@-'%c_for String Beans. 3<»Sc:
Cabbage. 6oc@$l ; Tomatoes. Los Angeles. 75c<a
$1 50 per crate; from- Me X i co . $ 1( gi 50 ne r
crate; Egg Plant, Los Angeles. 12%@l5c per
i b: '9,^? n Pe PP era . Los Angeles. ; S@lOc per lb
h11^ an 2/, 12 * c ''or Bell; : Dried Peppers,
12©18c: Dry Okra. 25c per ¦ lb; Carrots. 25O35c
per sack; Hothouse Cucumber*. : 75c«$l 50 per
dozen;, Summer. Squash.- $1 2501 50 per box;
Garlic. 2%@3c'per lb;. Marrowfat Squash. $20
©30 per ton;: Mushrooms, '. 8015c per lb
n .S°7 A . TOES ~ Early Rose Kcflil; Burbanks.
.oSoOc for River and 60«?S5e for Oregon; Oar
net Chiles from Oregon, SOi^SOc: Sweets, 60(K6ic
nv£v££ : tXE" Potatoes. 1%«*2%c per lb. -
ONIONS-$2{I3 per ctl: Cut Onions. 7Jc(ff$l 50
VfL'J ack : AustralI ans. $3 5004 ; Green Onions,
25(!?40c Der box. . '
Receipts were 1910 boxes Asparagus, 741 boxes
.Rhubarb, 530 sacks Bay Peas and 88 sacks New
Potatoes. •
Receipts of Asparagus and Rhubarb continue
heavy, but the demand Is good and prices keep
up. Peas are weak. Receipts of Los . Angeles
Vegetables are falling off. and they no longer
figure as they did a month ago.
Considerable Asparagus is being shipped East
every day from this market. „..-¦.:
Potatoes are steadier under lighter stocks
and receipts. Two cars of Sweets sold at the
quotations. Onions are slightly higher . and
firm.
Potatoes, On ions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary 3V4f8
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%<ff8%c for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape, 2@2%c: Hemn
3%c; Timothy, 6%e. v '
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $202 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 5C@2 65; Small White. $4 60
04 90; Large White. $1@1 25;. Pink. $1 S5(ff2;
Red, $3®3 25; Blackeye, ?3«?3 25; Llmas. $5 75®
5 90; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, %z 75®i per
ctl. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . ' . . .
There is no change In the situation. White
Beans are firm and colored weak under liberal
supplies. The Government awards on the- last
bids have not yet been made public.
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8: Wheat. $11013; Wheat
and Oat. $9@12; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8@9 50; Barley, $7 50^9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25®47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J25@26; Jobbing
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, S25®
25 60; Cracked Corn, $25 50#26; Mixed Feed,
$15016. ... •
MIDDLINGS-$1G 50@19 50 per ton
Dealers are quoting a firm Bran market, ow
ing: to lighter stocks and receipts, though prices
show no change. Hay Is as before.
BRAN— $15@15 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTCFFS— Prices in' sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 5003 75; Buckwheat- Flour, $404 25;
Cracked Wheat. S3 50; Farina, $4 59; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
f'7 60; in sacks, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley, $5;
pllt Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 SO, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, %2 75@2 S3 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers* : Washington, bakers' $2 75
©3-
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS — There Is Just enough demand to keep
the market from stagnation. Prices stand as
before. . , . .,
White, Jl 2501 45; Surprise, nominal; Red.
Jl 25<gl 40 for Feed . and i $1 35© 1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, $1 17%©1 20;
for Seed. $1 25@1 30 per ctl:
CORN— Dull and nominal.
Yellow, J110O115; White, Jl 10®l 15; . East
ern mixed. SI 12% per ctl.
RYE— S0<R82%c per ctl. -•:
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Afternoon Session— No sales,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctl«. $105%: 2000. $105%.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 02;
2000, $102Vi.
Afternoon Session— May— 6000 ctls, $1 02%.
BARLEY— Some dealers report a firm and act
ive market, while others report nothing doing.
Quotations remain unchanged.
Feed, 76%®77%c for choice bright, 75c for
No. 1 and 72%®73»Jc for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, 80@S5c; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago opened firm and unchanged, with a
moderate demand, chiefly speculative. Later
on the feeling became weak, with a small and
declining market. . ; The lack of war news en
couraged the bears to sell. Northwestern re
ceipts were 324 cars for the week, against 385
last year. The .Cincinnati Price Current.re
ported the croj) condition good, with few com
plaints. Stocks in farmers" hands March 1 were
174.OOO.C00 bushels. .; One elevator line, operating
85 houses in the north, reported that by Sat
urday there would not be 100. 000 bushels in all
of them together. Stocks at Minneapolis are
expected to decrease 75,000 bushels for the week
and flour there has a healthier tone.
The local market waa weak, with a slight
decline on call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1; milling. Jl 02%@l 05
per ctl.
WHEAT— Liverpool was higher and Paris
and New York lower. "Wednesday's advance
was attributed to nervousness over the Chinese
situation.
Wheat and 'Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — $4 $5%
Sterling Exchange. " eight — 4 SS\
Sterling Cables — 4 8g£
New York Exchange, sight — 15.
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 © •61-
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK, March 21.— There was a fairly
active market for Evaporated Apples, with the
general undertone steady on light receipts, and
prices were fully sustained. State— Common.
3@*c; prime. 4%g>l!6c; choice. 5@5%c; fancy, 6@
6hic »
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS— Inactive but
steady.
PRUNES-3Vi@7c, as to 6lze and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8V4@
PEACHES— Peeled, 12»4@20c; unpeeled, 6}4@
* . _.*
NEW TORK, March 21.— FLOTJR^-Recelpts,
17,751 barrels; exports, 4412 barrels; market
quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 81.900 bushels; exports,
75,207 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red. 819ic f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, S0*»c elevator; No. | 1
Northern Duluth, 90%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard do. 92%c f. o. b. afloat. Options were gen
erally weak all day, dosing easy at %®%c net
decline; March closed . at S0%c; May 80 9-16®
SI l-16c. closed S0%c; Julyv S0%@80%c. closed
SO%c; September 79%@8Oc, closed 79?ic
HOPS-Quiet.
HIDES— Steady. / .
WOOL— Dull. ' - -
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice, 7c.
Mild— Dull; Cordova, 8@12%c. Futures closed
steady, 6@40 points net lower. Total sales, 10,
600 bags, including: April, JS 50; May. J5 55;
July, *3 65; August. $5 70; September, to 75; Oc
tober and November, $5 80.
SUGAR— Raw, 6teady; fair refining, 3%c;
Centrifugal. 86 test. 4 l-32c; Molasses Sugar,
3 9-32c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2829 packages; market
strong. Fresh creamery, 16@22%c; factory, 10®
14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 14,832 paxkages; market
steady. Western at mark, 13c.
The fo'.Jowine are the seasonal rainfalls to
C.B.:r, as compared -with those of the same date
la M season, and rainfall in the last, twenty
four hours:
PAN FRANCISCO. March 21. 1SC1— 5 p. m
[BOth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Mall a«3vlres from New York report continued
Improvement in prunes &s follows: "The local
rrarket for prunes '• saining In strength dally.
T>«r.anl continues active and In epite of some
r.»w gooAs now beginning to arrive from the
c^ast there is a scarcity of practically all
f:z"s except 70-SOs and S0-90s. The sizes most
•wanted nre 3)-C0. C!>-70s and 90-100s. and many
¦ ¦¦;¦:•—? are absolutely out of these sizes at
the momert. Few 50-a? are to be had under
E%c. Inquiries are coming in for goods from
various points in the T.ast. Stocks of prunes
in this part ct the country probably are lighter
than In years at this Maaos. From the coast
lh*>re are elnoft m goods now offering, and
there teems little doubt but that the outsiders
»r# practically cleans up.
••Raisin* continue In a very demoralized
*t»te. is a result of the recent cut for ex
port r>n the coast. There is. moreover, almost
k n entirv absence of demand or Inquiry, and
en the whole the California raisin outlook is
plnoxny. There Is a httle trade In apricots.
e-.- * rather better Inquiry for good unpeeled
peaches. Fies and djtes are selling quite
Jreeiy. Currants are dull, but hold about
steady. Evaporated apples continue very
quiet."
Prunes Continue to Improve.
American stocks, . which started depressed
under tha cloud of weakness in New York Ust
night, hardened a little on the Russian message
London Is taking a more serious view of the
Korean dispute than It Is of the elaeh at Tien
tsin. .... * . ,..,¦¦¦
The stock market here was generally weak
In the early hours to-day on the "Imbroglio with
Russia, but prices hardened later 'on some
reassuring private messages which were re
ceived in the city from St. Petersburg. It was
noted and is notable that Russian securities
were not' affected In any way. . Japanese secur
ities, however, were fiat.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • Union Pacific .'. 83%
Call loans 3 04 Weef End 91%
Time loans 3%Q4% Westlngbouse Elec 63%
¦ Stocks— Bonds —
A T & 8 F 60% Atchlson 4s 102%
A T & S F prefd.. 94% N* E G & Coke 6«. 68
American Sugar. ..143% Mining shares — ,
Am Sugar prefd. ..121 Adventure .'.. 13%
Am Telephone 161% Amaig Copper 101%
Boston & Albany.. 255 Atlantic S3
Boston Elevated. ..174 Bingham Mng Co. 24%
Boston & Maine. ..195 j Boston & Mont. ...355
C B & Q 164% Butte & Boston. ..102%
Dominion Coal 38 Calumet & Hecla.856
Dom Coal prefd. ..110 Centennial 28%
Federal Steel 48 Franklin 22U
Fed Steel prefd. ..101 Humboldt 60
Gen Electric 214% Osceola- 86%
Gen Elec prefd 1S2 Parrot 63
Ed Elec 111 245 Quincy ....173
Mexican Central... 24 Santa Fe Copper.. 8%
N E Gas & Coke.. 72 Tamarack ..3S8
Old Colony ..208 Utah Mining....... 33%
Old Dominion 35"i Wlnona 6%
Rubber 1»% Wolverines ...61%
L* S 2s ref reg 106 N T Y Central lsts..lO7%
V S 2s ref coup... 106% N J Cent gen 6s.. 134
u S as registered. -111U Northern Pacific 3s 72
j' S3) coupon Ill 1 * Northern Pac 4c. ..106
O S new 4s reg.. .138% N T C & St L 4s. .108%
U S new 4s coup.lSSVi Nor & W cons 4s.lO3%
I" S old 4s reg. ...113 Oregon Nav lsts..H0
U S old 4s coup.. 114 Oregon Xav 4s 104
tT S Rs registered.. 111% r>r Short Line 6s. .127%
U S Ss coupon 111% Or S L cons Ss.. .116%
Diet of Col 3.63s. .123% Reading gen 4s.... 94%
Atchlson gen 4s. ..104% R G Western lsts.100%
Atchison adjust 4s 94% BtL & I M cons 5s. 119
Canada Sou 2ds.-.108% Bt L. & S F gen 6s.l31%
Ches & O 4%s 107% St Paul consols. ..184%
Ches & O 6s... ....121% St P C & Pac lsts.118
C & N cons 7s. ...140% St Paul C & P 6s. 120%
C & N S F Deb 58.124 Southern Pac 4s... 92%
Chicago Term 4s... 97*4 Southern Ry 5s 116%
Colo Southern 4s.. 86% Standard R & T 6s 67
Denver & R G 4s. 102% Texas & Pac lsts.,119
Erie general 4s SS% Texas & Pac 2ds.. 98
Ft W t D C lsts.104% Union Pacific 4s.. .106
Gen Electric 6s 176 Wabash Ists 119U
Iowa Cent Ists.... 117% Wabash 2ds 110%
L & N unified 4s..Ifll% West €hore 4s 115%
M K & T 2ds 80% Wis Central Ists... 90%
M K & T 4s 9S% Va Centuries 93%
' MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2J Little Chief • 15
Alice 35 Ontario 9 30
Breece - 1 20 Opnlr 60
Brunswick Con 23 Phoenix 03
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosi 15
Con Cal & Va .1 60 Savage 06
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Bltrra Nevada 25
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver.... .60 Standard ....* 4 00
Leadville Con 03 t
CLOSING BONDS
6,000 Jlllnol« Central i36ii
7.SO0 Iowa. Central 34
6.100 Iowa. Central prefd R2U
2.900 Lake Erie & Western .'.. 62
Lake Erie & Western prefd 121
Lake Shore 210U
13.600 Louisville & Nashville 99&4
26.S00 Manhattan L r»6
17.S00 Metropolitan Street Railway 166%
17.400 Mexican Central 2414
1S.900 Minneapolis & St Louis S6'4
1.000 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 1124
22.300 Missouri Pacific •. 100
Mobile & Ohio S0>4
3.900 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 24ii
16.600 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 6S?i
New Jersey Central 153
6.400 New York Central 146%
6.800 Norfolk & Western 5iv»
Xorfolk & Western prefd S5
16,700 Xorthern Pacific S8V4
6C0 Northern Pacific prefd 8S"»
2C2 Ontario & Western 33«i
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Xav prefd 76
13.500 Pennsylvania 152'i
1S.500 Reading 33^
19.400 Reading 1st prefd 73^4
16,400 Reading Id prefd 45ft
Rio Grande Western 65
100 Bio Grande Western prefd 97>i
3.100 St Louis & San Francisco 42H
100 St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd 85
l.WW St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 68%
2.600 St Lou I- Southwestern '........ 33<i
4,000 St Louts Southwestern prefd "... 63^4
14.400 St Paul 151»i
St Paul prefd 1S9
St Paul & Omaha 125
17,200 Southern Pacific 45%
16.800 Southern Railway 26%
4. TOO Southern Railway prefd 78H
40.600 Texas & Pacific 22
26,000 Union Pacific 93^
600 Union Pacific prefd 85%
20,300 Wabash" 19%
54.600 Wabash prefd 36V4
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 15
700 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 31
2.600 Wisconsin Central 19%
300 Third Avenue lTiVt
400 Kaltimore & Ohio prefd 91^
2.600 Xational Tube £9'
1,000 Xational Tube prefd 113
Express Companies —
Adams ...;....; 155
400 American 194
400 United States 72
Wells Farto 138
Miscellaneous —
1.300 American Cotton OH 26
American Cotton Oil prefd 85
American Malting 5%
American Malting; prefd 27
7.600 American Smelting & Refining 58
200 American Smelting & Ref prefd 96%
American Spirits l\i
American Spirits prefd 17
2.200 American Steel Hoop 41H
4.100 American Steel Hoop prefd 92
S.O00 American Steel & Wire 43V«
1.200 American Steel & Wire prefd 108*4
1.&00 American Tin Plate 70%
2.000 American Tin Plate prefd 114»i
15.400 American Tobacco 128
American Tobacco prefd 144
400 Anaconda Mining Co 45 s *
60,100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 84V4
4.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 49%
3.000 Continental Tobacco 45H
7.000 Continental Tobacco prefd 105
3.300 Federal Steel 48%
6.400 Federal Steel prefd 1O1«4
1,000 General Electric .214
Glucose Sugar 47
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 94
9.600 International Paper 24vi
16,700 International Paper prefd 77H
Laclede Gas 81%
200 National Biscuit 41V.-
National Biscuit prefd S6
Xational Lead 15^i
Xational Lead prefd 82V4
1.700 National Steel 52%
4,000 National Steel. prefd 113*;
New York Air Brake 158.
4.7G0 North American f2U
Pacific Coast 55
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 90
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
7i»n Pacific Mail 33V,
23.400 People's Gas 107«i
300 Pressed Steel Car S5U
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 76
X Pullman Palace Car 203
200 Standard Rope & Twine 4
134.900 Sugar 143%
200 Sugar prefd 123H
3.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron C6H
1,700 United States Leather 13
400 United States leather prefd 75
COO United States Rubber 19%
200 United States Rubber prefd 5SV,
l.r.00 Western Union S7V*
17.600 Amalgamated Copper 1013*
2.100 Republic Iron & Steel Co 1S%
600 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd..... 66%
P C C & St Louis *. 63%
1.196,100 Shares sold.
s*nt to private persons here' and then were
helped by the rise In Xew York. In the street
after the close the advance in New York caused
a sharp rally, especially in Erie and In North
ern Pacific and Union Pacific. Consols' were
80% at one time to-day, the lowest since Jan
uary 1892. The close of the market was In
much better tone. Money was easy.
CLOSING
LONDON. March 21. -Canadian Pacific. 97;
Union Pacific preferred. 87; Northern Pacific
preferred. 9114; Atchlson. 60%: Anaconda, SVi.
Bar silver, weak, 27 15-16d per ounce. Money.
3%<@4 per cent..
iWtf York Money Market.
NEW YORK,' March 21.— Money on call.
6tcady at 2^63 per cent. Prime mercantile
paper. 3%@44 per cent. Sterling .exchange,
firm with actual business In bankers' bills at
*4 S7%©4 88 for demand and at $4 S4%@4 Sl^.
for 60 days. Posted rates, $4 S5H®4 89. Com
mercial bills, U 84®4 84H. Silver certificates,
61U@63c. Bar silver. 60%c.- . Mexican dollars.
43c Bonds— State. Inactive; Government, ir
regular; railroad, irregular. .
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March n.— To-day's ¦ etata
ri en t of the Treasury balances shows:' Avail
able cash balance, $151,389,379; gold. $93,585,216.
Exchange unchanged. Silver a fraction weaker.
Wheat futures off a fraction or so. Barley unchanged.
Oats, Corn and Rye continue quiet.
Bran reported firmer. Hay quiet and unchanged.
Beans remain as before quoted.
Potatoes steady, Onions firm, Vegetables coming in heavily.
No change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry continues stiff under light supplies.
Xai'd Oranges in large supply and zucak.
Lemons dragging under liberal supplies. Limes in light stock.
Prunes continue their steady improvement.
Provisions very firm, but not active.
Hogs in light receipt and firm.
Oil stocks continue to sell briskly.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
G W Condon & w. Cal I P J Murtha. & w. Colo
F M Boyd. Sacramento C J Patterson. Fla
W H Lewis. Chicago I ...
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs A Fltzgetten and S Louder. Honolulu
son. Chicago Chas Levlson. H I
John D W Kohler. X Y Chas Jones. St Louis
W M Corwln. X Y Geo Ennos. Montana '
H C Hatchket & w, ND V Smith. Dawson City
Mrs W C S Jaslyn. N Y B Condor. Ohio
F M Hopkins & d. la A McDevttt A w. Masa
M F Whitman & wife. G E Tarbell. N T
Chicago |A Russell & w. M!^
Mrs J Soper. Chteasr. <» Baldwin & w, Misa
Mrs II L SopeT. Chgo W J Burns. Pa
Miss J Kelly, Minn E A Evans & w. Ill
Miss E Kelly. Minn W F Clark. Spokane
M H Beers. NY A O Kuhn. San Jose
J M Beers. X Y B Legerda. Manila
Mrs J B Moffltt. X Y D Jordan. Stanford
Mrs J H Crowell. N Y E C Osteg. R I
F W Fletcher. Mich H W Osteg. R I
A H Green Jr. Mich Mlsa E C Boyer. N T
H P Bond. Cal A E Evans. N Y
S Welman. X Y H Dibble. Chicago
M Ames, Boston Mrs Dibble. Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Harrison. Redwd 3 Hart. Boston
E L Allford & w. K C L Brooks. Mass
Mrs A E Frazer. Mo W R Boss. R I
Mrs J H Dalton. Mo A Wilkinson. Cal
Miss Frazer, Mo J C Renz. Stockton
F I Herron, Los Ang Mrs C G McBrtds. S J
L P Heyman, Atlanta J E Greenwood & w,
Mrs B Heyman. N Y I Philadelphia
J W Morrison A wife, 'Mlsa Greenwood. Pa
Seattle |Mlss Telfer. N Y
H W Wheeler. Boston ;M G Telfer. N Y
C H Jones. Tacoma IE Robert*. Cal
D Jones. Tacoma. F L Goddard. Boston
E F Bayley. Chicago .T W McGinley, N Y
C E Pearsall. Eureka E W O'Brien. Chgo
E Parsons. San Mateo W H Murphy. StanM
C L Jaeger. NY F H Bradley. Stanford
D Carleton. Mass W Greene. Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
M!?s K Ham," Oakland C F Dennett. Chicago
O W Stewart & w.Chic.F W Anderson & w.
S A Moody A- w. Uostn St Paul
FED Stalllngs & w. .T tfyroul. Pa
Cal May R- Snroul. Pa
B F Walker. Ft Jones (Mary L SDroul. Pa
F G Marcus, M Park [J O Donaid.wn. Chic
Mrs 1 M Hartsel, Cal !J Potlash. Mexico
F V Andrews. Portld |A J Blcdsoe. L'kiah
S M Rohr. Sta Rosa (T K Morehousf. 1*
T Bc^-er & w. Cal L II Hixson & w. l.nle
R J Curry, Dixon J S Abercromble, Ind
R L James. Pac Grove N w Prevert. Denver
T B Hennessy. Chic Miss M Kramer. L A
A V Man* & w. Mleh C K Price. Los Ani
M E McGrath. Colo Mm C F O"utts. Nev
J F Conlon, Mo B M Lelonr. Sacto
E S Martin, Lakeport H I Peymnur. >'acto
Mrs A Strauss. L Ang Mrs Thompson, fa I
J W Vail. Chicago Miss Thompson. Cal
J J Cleary. Chicago <i H Reed. Ga
A Smith. Stockton H Penrson. Wash
W Kraft. N Y F Mocre & w. Minn
G A Doucherty, Cal W E Thompson 4 w.
J A Sallentlne. RedJg Vancouver
A "T Smith. Ind I Geroon. PhlladPlpM.-*
T Smith. Ind O W Pierce. Davlsvtlle
C Lowensteln & w. Tex H S Jones. Los An«
Mrs Hay. Vancouver F W Ehrhardt. Cal
R T Heath. G Valley p Olany. Siwash
Miss L Dearborn. Cal R O Whltlock. Kr
M Frank!!n, NY - |D K William*. Uklah
C F McVeigh, Chicago. Mm I. Conklin. Or
F J Harrold, NT R C Hawkln?. Seat'!^
II R Dlffenbaugh. Cal P H Green & w, Cal
S F Gasgow. Fresno III Nellson. Cal
A Taylor. Madera i
HOTEL AREIVALS.
500 Four
Bay C P O 5s.lO3ii — Oceanic SS 5s.lO3*i —
Cal-st Cab 5s.ll6^ — Om C R 6s 12S»i —
C C Water oa.lOS^lOS^'Pac G ImD 4s. — 1C0&
EL & P 6s..l2SVil33b Pk & Cl R 6s.lO3 -
F *: Cl Ry 6S.114 — Pk & O R 6s.. — —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Powell-st It fs.120 —
Haw C 5»4s 108U — S K G t P. is. !5 —
Haw C as .105ft — S F & !?JV 59.121 —
LA RR 5s. .112 — S R of Cal 6s.lll» —
L A L Co 6s.. — — S P R of A 6s
Do s-otd 63..— 101 (1509) 112'i —
Do gntd 5s. .100 — Do (1»IO) 113H —
LAPRR5S. — — SPC6s (1905,
Markt-st C 6s. — 157 Series A)....— 110V;
Do 1st c 5s..l21H — Do(Seri«s B)1U<«U1*/||
N C N G R 7s. — 113*4 Do (1906) .... -* 113V»
N R of Cal 6S.113 — Do (1912) 122*i —
N R of Cal fs.120% — S P C 1st g 5s. 1061* —
N P C R R 6a. 101% — S P Br R 6s..l31»jl33U
NPCRR 5S.108H10SK S V Water 6s.ll2^ —
N C R R 6s.. Ill — S V Water 4s. 103*; —
O G L. & H 5S.1MH, — | Do 2d mtsr--102V* —
Oak Tr Co 6s. — 1I«U sikn G & E6S.100 —
Oak W Co Ss . . 100 lOOVi I
WATER STOCKS.
Centra Costa.. 70»; 71'^ Spring Valley.. 92Vi 94
Marln County. -L3\ —
GAS AND ELECTRIC .STOCKS.
Cent L & P... — 4 Pac ,Lt Co.... — 44
I Equit Gas .... Z% — SacE G & R. 35 40
f Mut Elec Lt.. - SU S F G & E... 45^ 45%
OGHH....50 61 San Francisco. 4>4 4Vi
Pac Gas Imp. — UM Stktn G & E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. — 230 | |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 70 77V4 Lon P & A. ...145 —
Bank of Cal.. — 410H Mex Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.106 106Vi S F National. — 125
1st N of S F.. — 312ft
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S30 1900 Sav & Loan.. — —
Humboldt — Security 275 —
Mutual „ 60 . — Union Trust .. — —
S F Sav U....510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st . — 140 iO S L & H 40 —
Geary-st 47 H — Presidio — . 30
Market-st 69»4 — •
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 83 84 Vlgorit — 8H
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan ... 7\4 — Kllauea 22 22H,
Haw Com 70 78 Makawell 41 41\
Honokaa 31»,i — Onomea 28% 29*;
Hutch S P .. 23 — Paauhau 32& 32%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 120 122>.i Oceanic SS Co S5H 38
Cal Fruit Can. — 98 Pac A F A... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Mer Ex Assn.lO2H — Par Paint Co. 16 —
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Honokaa S Co 31 75
I 80 Hutchinson S P Co 23 2S
100 Makaweli 4175
23 Oceanic S S Co 40 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 37 50
15 Oceanic S S Co 36 00
15 Oceanic S S Co 35 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 35 25
150 Oceanic S S Co '. 37 00
60 Oceanic S S Co 36 50
5 Oceanic S S Co 36 62
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S SO
$1000 S V, 6 per cent bonds 112 75
$1000 L A & P R R bonds 102 CO f
Street—
7 Fireman's Fund Insurance, s 10.. ..235 00
Afternoon Session.
25 California Wine Association ..100 00
100 Honokaa S Co 3160
30 Hutchinson S P Co 23 15
25 Hutchinson S P Co 23 12%
90 Hutchinson S P Co 23 00
10 Makawell 41 «2H
50 Makawell ". 4150
$3)00 Market-st. R. R. con 5 per ct bds.121 5.1
$1000 Oakland Transit Co. 6 per ct bds..H6 25
60 Oceanic S S Co 36 00
30 Oceanic S S Co 35 75
5 Oceanic S S Co 33 S7»i
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds... 104 50
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 4« 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 62H
Street—
20 California Fruit Canners 98 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
. Board—
600 Aetna 19
£00 Aetna IS
300 Aztec 170
D00 Bear Flag, cash 14
25CO California Standard 52
15C0 California Standard 53
1000 California Standard, s 10 :..•' 53
15C0 California Standard 54
10CO California Standard, b 30 53
1C0O California Standard, b 30 '54
500 Four •' •'.••: 57
1 Hanford, 8 10.... S3 00
1 Hanford 99 00
10O Hanford. Fresno, Kern River .v. 13
300 Home OH , 4 00
3C0 Independence :...'- IS
i 200 Junction 64
100 Junction S->
100 Kern .8 2." k
1000 Lion 20
100 Monarch of Arizona 59
100 Monarch of Arizona 60
100 Occidental of W Va 57
50 Occidental of W Va 60
1C00 OH City Petroleum 31
200 Oil City Petroleum, b SO 31
3000 Petroleum Center ..: 14
50 Reed Crude 59
1550 Reed Crude 60
150 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 12 00
200 Sterling, cash 2 41
450 Twenty-Eight 165
200 Twenty-Eight 163
300 Wolverine 130
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1000 Bear Flag 15
1000 California Standard, b 30 55
670O California Standard 53
4000 California Standard, b 30 56
20O Four, b 30 57
50 Home Oil. b 30 4 00
100 Junction 64
500 Junction 85
100 Kern 8 25
500 Lion 20
| 1000 Lion, a 30 19
300 Monarch of Arizona 58
500 Occidental of W Va. s 30 55
250 Occidental of W Va 59
500 Occidental of W Va 53
600 Oil City Petroleum 30
400 Petroleum Center 1*
210 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 12 00
300 Sterling j 2 40
ZM Twenty-Eight 1 62V4
Street—
100 Aztec 173
100 Aztec 1 72tf
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
1000 cSSSk Standard 50
1000 California Standard, b 30 52
1000 California Standard, b 30 . SI
1000 Four Oil Co i 57
100 Giant - 125
1 Hanford 93 00
10CO Independence IS
20 Kern River 13 00
BOO Lion 1?
600 Lion • 19
500 Oil City Petroleum 29
2500 Petroleum Center 14
2200 Reed Crude 60
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 12 00
100 Sterling 2 40
1C0 Wolverine 130
Afternoon Session.
Board —
600 California Standard, b 30 53
2 Hanford 93 00
1C0 Hanford. Fresno. Kern River 20
100 Home OH ".... 4 CO
1000 Independence is
900 Junction $4
2500 Lion 19
4C0 Monarch of Arizona 59
SCO Monte Cristo 2 35
100 West Shore 3 cs
100 Wolverines 1 33
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In thi» San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning. Session.
100 Andes 01 100 Mexican SI
600 Belcher 03 300 Ophlr 64
200 Best & Belcher 17 200 Utah C4
100 Con Cal & Va..l 65
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 04 400 Mexican 31
100 Best & Belcher 15 100 Sierra Nevada. 2?
100 Belcher 09 100 Yellow Jacket. 18
The following were the sales tn th» Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
5C0 Alpha Con..... 04 iOO Mexican 30
2T0 Best & Belcher 17 150 Ophlr 62
300 Choilar 15 300 Overman 13
. 1C0 Confidence - 72
Afternoon Session.
500 Yellow Jacket. 17 250 Ophir 62
2C0 Choilar 1- 700 Overman 13
200 Justice 03 SCO Union Con IS
2C0 Mexican 30 300 Union Con...... 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THRUSDAY. March Jl— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha f3 04|Justlce 03 - 04
Alta : Cl OSJKentuck .'. — - 02
Andes .; W OSILady Wash.... Cl 02
Belcher .;......¦ (O - 10; Mexican ....... SO 31
Best & Belcher 15 16 f Occidental 04 05
Bullion <>1 MfOphlr 61 M
Caledonia ..... 70 7"» ' Overman is 14
Challenge Con. 11 H>Potosl 14 1?
Choilar 14 lilSavage ......... OS m
Confidence ..... 70 7"> i Scorpion ... — C4
Con Cal ft Va..l .So 1 70; Seg Belcher ... 01 02
Ccn Imperial... 01 02} Sierra Nevada; ."} ' f)
Con New York. — 01 ! Silver- Hill ' 10 42
Crown Point. .. O . lOjSt. Louis Pi
Eureka Con.... P<5 — 'Standard 4 40
Exchequer 01 02 .'Syndicate ..... — f$
Gould &¦ Curry IS 14iUnlon Con .:.. 16 17
Hale & Nrcrs.. 12 13:rtah 01 o»
Julia .....:..... Cl C2 >Yellow Jacket. 18 . 17
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask.i .Bid. Ask.
4s coupon 114 114?4>4s coup (new).13SV4138*i
4s registered... 113 113% 3s coupon lllUUH*
THURSDAY. March 21—2 p.m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
changes, but business was good, nevertheless.
California-Standard was hlsher at o2@56c.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new,
3slO%d; do, old. 4s Ud. Futures, quiet; May,
3s lOftd; July, 3s 9%d; September, 3s lO^d.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California, 6s
3^4d: No. 2 red Western winter, 6s; No. 1
Northern spring. 6s 3d. - Futures, quiet; May,
6s IMA: July. 6a lHd.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. March 21.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California. 6a 4d@6s 4%d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour. In Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
windy. .
COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-32d.
LONDON, March 21.— Consols. 9694: sliver.
27 15-1 6d; French rentes, Wlf 37Hc. Wheat car
goes oh passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 29s 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 28s 9d; cargoes Oregon. 30s 6d; English
country markets, firm. .
Foreign Markets.
OREGON
PORTLAND, Or.. March 21.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 67c; Blue Stem, 69c.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
¦ PORTLAND. Or.'. March 21.— Clearings, $229.
027; balances, $26,580. f
LONDON. March 21.— The' offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 12.379
bales. There was a large attendance. Com
petition was brisk and prices were firm. Me
rinos were In good request for Germany. High
prices were paid by American buyers for suit
able parcels of merinos, and they also bought
srvernl lots of crossbreds. Farmers' wool met
with a brisk demand and sold well to America
and France, the latter. securing the bulk.
London Wool Sales.
.'¦ NEW YORK. March 21.— The cotton market
closed at a decline of 7@20 points. The buy
ing for a reaction^ was Increased by the ex
pectation . of :: better cables from Liverpool to
mcrrow on this account.. The Insight \ move
ment promises to ¦ exceed : that of last week,
end this checked confidence on . the long side
of the account. ¦ , '.:•. •
New York Cotton Market.
was shown in • London. ¦ '. Lead remains dull and
unchanged at $4 37>i- Spelter, unchanged at
W S7i4®3 92^4. Pig Iron warrants, nominally
unchanged. .
THE STOCK MARKET.
Busint-ss was quiet on- the morning session
of the Bond Exchange. The sugar stocks, were
easy. ,' ; Oceanic ; sold down *to $35 25, but re
covered to $36 62V4- ¦ ' • ' . •
~ There was no partlculai change in the after
noon. ." '..-: . .
There: was rather, less; trading on the oil ex-
Flour,, qr sks 14.237 Onions, sks
Potatoes, sks.... 3.260 , .; ¦ -?f.->
¦ EASTERN. ¦
Oats, ctls.... . 1.S00 .
OREGON
FOR THURSDAY. -MARCH. 21.
Flour qr ska .''... ».?«* Straw, tons , 10
Wheat, ctls...... 10.920 Wool, bales 217
Barley ctU...... 6,6W Wine, gals....... 33,300
Oats, 'ctls..... 2.410 Sugar." ctls.;..... 2.500
Corn.: ctls......... 25 Lime. bbls. :.- 273
Potatoes, sks ¦ S75 Silver." flsks . 223
Bran. *ks 2.S05|Pelts. bdls 321
Middlings, sks... 616 Hides, bdls. ...... 70
Hay, tons 570 Leather, rolls.... 63
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6T4@7c; spot, 6*4(5?
6%c: local make, He less than Calcutta*;
Wool Bags.' 30@34c: Fleece Twine, 7^®8c
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Souihfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant, $7: Coot
Bay. Jo 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
ecd. $3: Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
pricks; Pennsylvania Anthracl'.e Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In - sacks; Rocky Mountain : descriptions,
IS 45 per 2000 pounds and $3 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per. lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.05c; Powdered, 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.65c; Dry Granulated, 6.55c; Confec
tioners'. A. 5.55c: Magnolia A, 6.15c: : Extra 'C.
6.05c; Golden C, 4.95c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes," 50c more; 60-lb bagh,
10c more. No ,- orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes. 6.55c per lb.
General Merchandise.
The top quotation for Hogs Is about all that
local packers will pay. though now and then
a small extra lot will bring He more. The
market is firm, however. Other meats stand
without change. ¦ '
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 6@7V4c per lb for
cows.
VEAL — Large. 7SSc; small 9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 8»i(g9c; Ewes. 8®S%c per
pound."
I .AM TV— Purl nr. lOtfJllr per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. G»sc;
180 to ; 225 lbs, 6Mc: 223 and over, 62611c
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, SH@34c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls -end brands sell
about l»4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium, SHc; light, Sc: Cow
Hides, SHc for heavy and 8c for light; Stags
6c: Salted Krp. Sc: Salted Veal. Cc; Salted Calf
10c; Dry Hides, la^c; Culls, 13c; Dry Kip, 15c-
Dry Calf. 16c: Culls and Brands. ll@13c: Sheen
skins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short Wool, 30
@40c each; medium, 50© 65c: long Wool. 75c®$l
earn: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large and
$2@2 25 for medium. $1@1 25 for small and 50o
lor Colts: Horse Hides, drv. $i "5 for large.
$1 23 for mediun>, $1 for small and 50c for colts.
Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, S5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb- No
2, 3%©4c: grease, 2S'2V4c. •
WOOL— Spring. 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 15@16c per lb: Northern, free. 12®13c: de
fective. lOftllc: Middle County, free. lCfjjlle:
do, defective. 9@10c; Southern, 12 months. 80
9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do de
fective, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine
15i316c: do, medium and coarse, 14#l5c; Ore
gon Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair-to good
9tfHlc: Nevada, 10012c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. ll@l?c; Middle County and North
ern. Sffr9c: San Joaquin, 7@8c.
HOPS— 15020c per lb.
Hides, Tallow,- Wool and Hops.
Firmness continues to characterize this mar
ket, though the demand is not sharp as a
rule. ,
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll*4c per lb for
heavy, 12@12%c . for light ; medium. 13c for
light, 13H for extra light and 15@li*ic for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams.
12^@l3c: Mess Beef, $12 per barrel: extra Mess.
»12 .M>; Family. ! $13 50; prime mess Pork, $15$*
15 SO; extra clear, $22; Mess, $1S; Smoked Bee*.
13c per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 10c for pure: half-barrels,
pure, 10'ic; 10-lb tins, 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE- One half-barrel. «',ic; three
half-barrels, 8c; one -tierce. 7T»c; two tierces,
7*4c; fl v e tierces, 7%c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8®10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2. 7%c: No.
1 hardshell. 9%c: No. 2,. 7c; Almonds. 12@13c
for paper-shell, 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts. 5@
Cc for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13c;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@3.
HONEY-Comb. 13%@14c for bright and 12«4®
13c for light amber; water white extracted. ~%c:
light amber extracted. <S<»©7c; dark, 6@6}ic
BEESWAX-24S26C per lb. ; - .*
i The Prune market grows brighter every
day, and it really appears as If the long de
pression were over. Stocks In the East are
reported smaller than for years at this sea
son, as will be seen In. the flrst column, and
inquiries are being received from all over the
East. If the present demand keeps up there
will be no desirable Prunes . on hand when
the new crop comes in, but there will prob
ably be a quantity of small and Inferior
stock, though this will not compete seriously,
with fresh, large fruit. It is by no means
improbable that we may have a good Prune
market this coming fall, after all.
FRUITS— Apricots. 5®7c for Royals and 8H@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 3&@5c;
sun-dried. l&4|2?ic; Peaches. 3(£3»4c for stand
ard. *if?4^c for - choice and S@6c for fancy:
Pears. 2@7c: Plums, pitted, 403c; unpitted, 1®
l%c;- Nectarines, 5@5%c for red and 5V4g6c for
white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 3c: 30-40s. 7c;
40-BOs. €%c; 50-60s. 4Hc; 60-70s.. 3%c- 70-80s, 3Uc;
80-908. . 2»ic ; 90-lCOs. -2«4c; 100-lIOs. l%c; rubies.
He premium; Sonomas, %c und San Joaquins
Uc less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
bas established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie; stand
ard, 10c.; prime, 9c; unbleached Thompsons, 9c
per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10\Jc per lb: choice,
9Hc; standard. 8?4c; prime. 8c; unbleached Sul
tanas, 8c: Seedless, 50- lb boxes, 6 l ,ic: 4-erown,
7c; 3-crown, . 6V4c; 2-crown, 6c .Pacific brand.
2-crown, 6c; 3-crown, 5Hc, and-4-crown. 5',ic;
seeded (Fresno prices), 1 fancy, lG-ounce, 7c; 12
ounce. 6%c; choice, 16-ounce, 6%c; 12-ounc,
6%c; London Layers. 2-crown, $1 £0 per box; 3
crown. J160; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50;
Imperial. J3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
The canners ; are reported to be paying $23
per ton for Apricots, $20 for Pears, $15320 for
Peaches and $15 for Plums. They are buying
early this year. " V
The Orange market is full of Pavels, but
there are no Seedlings coming In.' Dealers
cay that this curious condition Is duo to the
abundance and ; cheapness of Navels. Twelve
cars are announced for. to-day's auction.
Lemons continue to drag under cool weather
and heavy supplies. Limes are still in 'light
supply and Bteady. There is nothing new In
Bananas and Apples.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—50@75c per box for common and |1
@1 75 for good -to choice, and $2 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 50c@$l 75;
Seedlings.-' ; Tangerines, 50c@Jl 25; Japan
ese Mandarins, Jlfril 50; Lemons, 50c@$l for
common and $1 25@2 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, 50c@$2; Mexican Llnjes, JS@S 50;
California Limes, nominal; Bananas, 73c<§?2 23
per bunch; Pineapples, 75c® $2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous arid Citrus Fruits.
Creamery- Extras. 17c; . first?, 15c; seconds
I4c. . 4
Dairy— Extras, ? 15c; firsts, 13c; secondi. 12c;
store, lie.
Storage — Creamery " extras, . ; firsts, ;
seconds. ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, 'per pound.
Keg,' per pound. •
CHEE.SE — Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice,
8c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 9*jc:
Eastern, full cream. 15@16Wc per lb.
EGGS—.
California Ranch — Selected White. J3Hc;
mixed colors, 12V4c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12%c; stand
ard, 12c; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern — Fancy. ; standard. ;
seconds, .
Storage — California fancy, ; standard.
— ; Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; sec
ends, — .
.The medium and lower grades, of Butter
continue In good supply and . weak, but fine
creameries continue In good demand for local
trade and the north. Egg3 are steady, and
the demand for them is brisk. Cheese Is
quoted firm.
Receipts as reported by the Dalty Exchange
were: 68,700 pounds of Butter, 1402 cases Eggs
22,275 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Kastein Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
$3 50® 4 50 for , small ; ; Pigeons, • $1 75@2 per
dozen for old and |2 50@3 for 8quabs.
-- GAME— Gray Geese.' $3; . White Geese. $1©
1 2a; Brant. *1 SO®1 75 for small And tt for
large; Honkers, $3@4 50; 'English Snipe, {3 50;
£»<* Snipe. $1 so; Hare. Jl@l 25; Rabbits, $1 25
«fl £0 for Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL; FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
76
8
I -a;
4 Ho
st | This
ours; Season.
I Last
. I Season
.. | 40.14
OB 1-
I 43.CS
19.07
IS. 48
«:«
! 17.02
j l i . vi
10. 28
5.60
• 27.62
14.10
62 9.C8
7.08
2.43
14.34
e.:6
3.15
I -a;
4 Ho
st | This
ours; Season.
I Last
. I Season
.. | 40.14
OB 1-
I 43.CS
19.07
IS. 48
«:«
! 17.02
j l i . vi
10. 28
5.60
• 27.62
14.10
62 9.C8
7.08
2.43
14.34
e.:6
3.15
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ V .'.' '¦ Steamers leave Broadway
fc^ wharf. San Francisco:
K^fc__ For Alaskan Port!" — 11 a. m..
Kj&2ta*t March 22. 27. April 1. Chan*-
*&*g5*[£. to company's steamers at Se-
«3^5e3 %£! For Victoria. Vancouver <B
B*QJ^tMT?fj«Ll *"*• Port Townmnil, S<»att'..».
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
" a. m.. March 22. 27. Aprt!
I. and every fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
end G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to X. P.
Ry. : at "Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p,m.. March
24. 29, April 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Keles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays.- 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis OblspoV Gavlnta,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Kast San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rnsa!la
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company" 3
folders.
The comrany reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rr^vlors notli-e.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street <Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
. 10 Market, st:. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEH3 TO
:p o :r. t t_ . jk. 3sr id
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC il2 r'rst Clas* .r.ciudlng 8ari">
iHili. S3 Second Clasi aid .V.»al«
COLUMBIA Mils Mar. 2». Apr. S
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. ». Apr. S
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets tr> all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
ttT TORK. ECU7HAMPT0S. L03D0M. P12I\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Vaderland Mar. 27] Vaderland April 17
Ft. Louis April 3 St. Louts April 24
New York April lOlNew York May 1
RED STAR L1NB;
Now York and Antwar*.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland Mar. 27|Westernland ...April IT
Friesland April 3! Kenstmrton April 2*
Soutbwark April lOlZeetand May I
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAR D. TAYLOR. General Agent.
Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hoftkgong with steamers for
Irrdla. etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sail In (r.
PR HONKONG MARTJ.. Tuesday. April •. 1WI
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May J. 1J01
SS. AMERICA MARU.Wednesday. May 23. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
.freight «nd passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceanic s.s. to. ssssga
ES. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. March 27, 9 o. m.
ES. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. April 6. 2 p. m.
I D.SPRECKELS & BSOS. CO., General Jpis. 327 Marks! St
Em'l Fasasger Offia, 643 Saricat St.. far la. 7. ftcifc St
PANAMA R.R.S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. $103; Steerage. $4O. \
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday; Mar. 23.
S. S. Eoanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. — sails Tuesday, April 19.
From wharf, foot of Lombard st.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
; / F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAK NAVIGATION CO. AND
CGMPANIA SDD AMERICANA 05 VAP0333
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
SP. TUCAPEL March 23. 1IW1
6S. AREQU1PA April 4. -19C1
SS. LIMARI April 17. 1901
SS. PERU ". April—, 1901
At 12 m. from Section 2, Seawall.
Th'ej«e steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (Na
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
COMPAGXIB GENSRALE TRAN3ATLA*TI3C£.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. M-ftps-
failing every Thursday, instead "f "SfiLlvGj
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. --W»»ra*
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre. |i> and upward. Second class to
-Havre. H> and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES nnd CANADA. 33
BroAdway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI& CO.. Parlflc Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery aven"««. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
RB U. S. WVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
MON.. Tues.. W»d.. Thnrs. and Sat. at 9:K
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and s:30: Sunday*. 10:30 a. m %
p. m Landing nnd office. £ZI*Mon-street Dock
Pier Xo. 2. Tel^vf.on* Main laPS".j Decrees of divorce _were granted yester
day; to D. ' J. Siegelken f rom : Lizzie J. . Sie
gelken • for '<: desertion,' Frances V Rt Hart
from iW; ¦ Curran : Hart : for : desertion, , and
'A. Mendelson from Benard Mendelson for
cruelty.'^ Suits for divorce were filed i yes
terday,as follows: On the ground; of cru
elty,' by David; Ferrier against > May | Fer-~
rier, Ernestina Tiers against . Charles; L.
Tiers Oscar Horwitz against Sarah ' Hor
witz,,"JennIeC. Engell against'.Paul JEn
gell • and • Maud < E. i Spencer., against Henry
McDonald Spencer; f on the ground of ¦ de
sertion, ¦ by * Terese •• M.' -Travers a against
Percy. B.- Travers," Mabel -Veysey ' against
Marlon VeyseyiTand Julia Cllne against
¦William -P.- Cllne. : - ; ;•
In \ the ; Divorce Court.
: WATERBURY, Conn., March 21.— Two
thousand ; people - at the . auditorium to
night caw Joe Walcott of New-Tork easily
put Charlie McKeever of Philadelphia out
of :the;runnlng in the sixth round of what
was : to have been & a - twenty-round go.
Walcott "had the better of it all the way
through, for ; while ; McKeever was 5 quick
andshifty on : his feet he was no match
for ? his : dark-skinned opponent.' For five
rounds he stayed: gamely, .receiving, some
terrific 'punishment * on ¦ .;the body, :but
shortly before. the end of the sixth round
a punch* over the heart did the trick. The
men met at catch weights..,?:
Wins Battle.
Punch Over the Heart in Sixth Bound
WALCOTT BESTS McKEEVER.
The university, extension class In the
Japanese language, conducted ",by ¦ Yoahi
buro' Kuno, M. S., assistant in Japanese
in the university, meets*, at 7:30 ¦- o'clock
Tuesday'and Friday evenings at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art.-.
The last of the nine lectures by, Dr. E.
C. Moore of the department of education
of the university on "The History, of Edu
cation" will be deliverd ; at 10:30 o'clock
Saturday morning. March 23;, in the San
Francisco State Normal School building
on Powell street, near Sacramento.- Ills
subject will be "The : Beginnings of the
Modern Period of -Education."
The (first of six free university extension
lectures on "The History of. American
Poetry" will be given by Professor. Wil
liam Dallam Armes at 4 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon in Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art His subject will.be "Colonial and
Revolutionary Poetry.". The subjects and
dates. of the other lectures/ which are to
be given at 4 o'clock on Friday afternoons
at the same place, are as follows:
March' 29 "The Poetry of the Middle States" ;
April 6 "The Poetry of New England"; April
11 "The Poetry of New England" : April 19,
'•The Poetry • of the South"; ¦ April 26. "The
Poetry of the West."
UNIVERSITY LECTUBES •
ON AMERICAN POETKY
other.
Mervin Se&er, the six-year-old son of
Henry Seger, an expressman residing at
1023 Hampshire street, ww run over and
Hilled by a Bryant-street car shortly after
f? o'clock last evening. Young Seger was
playing with a number of companions at
the corner of Bryant and Twenty-second
streets. He stepped on a car track and
when he turned his head found that a
southbound car was almost upon him. Ho
attempted to rush across the other track,
but was struck by a car traveling In the
opposite direction. n .
j. F. Cummints of £28 Alabama street
and Charles F. Fordeyce of 2315 Bryant
street picked up the Injured boy and
drove him with all: possible haste to tho
City and County Hospital. He had scarce
ly been lifted from the vehicle when he
expired. ' ' „ ' ' .
Tho motorman, Joseph Bertsch, was ar
rested by Officer Belyes and charged with
manslaughter. He was released on bail.
Bertsch says he could not. avoid the ac
cident, as his car. waa almost upon the
boy before he was aware of it.
While Endeavoring to Avoid One Car
•He Is Struck by An-
MEBVIN SEGEB KILLED
BY BEYANT-STEEBT CAB
FRITCH GIVEN THREE YEARS.— United
Ftates District Judpe De Haven yesterday sen
tenced William B Frltch to three years' lm
rtifonnipnt in the San Quentin Penitentiary for
having In his possession mold* and tools for
the manufacture of counterfeit ten-<Joliaf
pfeoes A fine of tlOO was also added. This was
the exact eum found in possession of the pris
oner in coin and certificates of deposit, and an
execution was levied upon the eame by the
T'nlted Stales District Attorney "When A. P.
Van Dtiser. attorney for Frltch. called upon
Vnlted States -District Court CJerk Morse with
en order eigned by fcls client for tbe money
anfl certificates he was cruelly Informed of the
execution in conformity with the fine imposed
by the court. Hence Van Duzer failed to set
his fee.
JAMIE CRIPPEN. THE TJOT SOPRANO
LJMIe Jamie Crlppen of the Roney'e Boyi" Con
cert Company, which trill appear la it* first
nod only concert in San Francisco, at the Y.
M. C. A. Auditorium, this evening, has fairly
captured the cities of Southern California,
Tvbrre the company has given entertainments.
lie ha* a perfect eopreno voice, and is a gen
eral favorite. HS* associates are of equal abil
ity and they plve one of the most pleasing and
enjoyable proiBxamnn-s of the season. Blatch
ford' Kavanarh, barytone, remains as popular
bs ever. Rfats can be secured at Sherman.
Clay & Co.'e.
KBVTLLM ON THE STAND.— The action by
¦»-hich C. U. Fmtth peeks to recover $700 from
the Apr Oon^nHdated Oold Mininif Company,
on account cf salary alleged to t»e due for serv
ice* a* Fup^rintendent of the company's mine,
if e.n trial before Jurte* Kerrigan and a Jury.
Captain W. A. NVvilla. an owner in tbe prop
erty, vhf on the ptand and told of the reasons
for Fmith's <lisapi>"intment. There is consider
able bitterness" in the cese, and Interesting farts
nf the <jlfl trouble between Nevjll« end his part
ners, Ballard and Martin, may come to light
durincr the trial.
PRESIDIO PI"ICn>E IDENTIFIED. — The
body of the suicide found last Wednesday in
the Presidio with a revolver by h!« elde was-
Hertifled y'terday a.« that of John M. F.
rtsumuUpr. an ivory turner, formerly in the
employment of Nathan, Dohrmann & Co. Bau
muiler lo«=t hi? situation ar*>ut the first of the
yfar because of imeir.r^rate habits, and elnce
then had h>wn despondent. He resided at 136
Tenth avenue and leaves a. wife and grown-up
children.
PHARMACY STCDENTS CELEBRATE.—
Th» Phi Delta Alpha Fraternity of the Uni
versity of California held U* first annual ban
<?uot last niffht at a downtown restaurant. The
mcmV™ of th« fraternity epent a most en
jovabl* evenlnr.
BLOWN FHOM HIS WHEEL-Orl!n1o Bian
rhlnl was Mown from his wheel last night, at
the corner of Broadway and I5uchanan street.
and wan, treated at the Receiving Ho*Dltal for
a sever* wound on the forehead and a broken
nose. He also lo« several teeth.
FCTT AGAINST THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
ON" TRIAL.— The suit of MiM Helen Ellis
neainrt the Southern Pacific Company- for
S3D 000 damaeet fnr personal injuries was placed
on trial in the t'nlted State* Circuit Court yes
terday before Judge Morrow and a Jury. The
areider.t happened on the train between Delta
and Gibson. July 11, 3900.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Some.
The transports Thomas, Rosecrans and
Lawton left Manila on the 16th inst. for
San Francisco, carrjing 2514 men and
nirety-three officers, volunteers ordered
home for muster out. The first two named
vessels are bringing 1846 men and sixty-
Fix officers of the Twenty-eighth and
Thirty-fifth regiments and the last named
has on board twenty-seven officers and 663
men of the Thirty-ninth Regiment. They
should arrive here about April 12. The
other regiments now en route are the
Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth, which are
due to arrive on the Logan next week.
The men of the Twenty-seventh Infan
try turned in their arms yesterday and
now have nothing to do but await the re
ceipt of their finals, which will be given
on April 1. • .
Lieutenants Clark and Carlton have
been assigned to duty in connection with
the organization of Convalescent Company
No. 4, to take the place of No. 3 Company,
ordered to Vancouver Barracks.
James M. Lee. Company C, Thirty
eighth Infantry, died yesterday at the
general hospital from dysentery.
THREE TRANSPORTS LEAVE
MANILA WITH SOLDIERS
Men of Twenty-Eighth, Thirty-Fifth
and Thirty-Ninth Start
Arata is a son of Andrew A. \ Arata,
who does the teaming for the firm of
Gray & Barbieri, 309 < Washington street
He and Victor Cassirielli. a cripple, had
been teaming together for some time and
were always friends. Yesterday at the
noon hour Arata, after his lunch, was tak
ing a nap on top of some empty sacks at
the Washington strtet store. Cassinelli,
in a spirit of fun, began throwing empty
boxes and sacks at him to keep him from
sleeping, which maddened Arata and he
jumped up, seized a piece of scantling
four feet long by three inches broad and
struck Cassinelli a vicious blow on. top of
the head with it, rendering him uncon
scious.
Cassinelli was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital and from thero to the Emergency
Hospital at the City Hall, where Drs.
Bunnell and Armstead trepanned his
skull. It was found that a large clot of
blood had formed on the brain, which
would, if not removed, cause his death.
The fracture extends clear from the fron
tal bone to the base of the skull, leaving
him one possible chance out of a hundred
to recover. He remained unconscious
after -the operation, which adds to the
uncertainty of his recovery. ¦¦
The police were notified and Detectives
Dlnan and Wren were detailed on the
case. They arrested Arata on Sansome
street and locked- him up in the. "tanks",
at the City .Prison, pending developments.
He did not deny rtriklng Cassinelli on
the head with the piece of scantling and
said he was sorry that he 'had injured
him.- They were always friends, he said,
but Cassinelli threw the boxes and sacks
at him which made him mad. Arata is
only 21 years of age and Cassinelli Is three
years older. , ¦ * - '-,
James Arata, a teamster. Is detained In
"the tanks" at the City Prison and the
probability is that a charge of murder
will be booked against him. . . / V
James Arata Strikes Victor
Cassinelli on Head With
a- Scantling.,
FRACTURED SKULL
RESULT OF BLOW
Chester M. Griffin, who halls from
Yreka, complained at police headquarters
Tuesday that he had been bunkoed out
of $97 50,' In what is known as the "plate
game," in a shed attached to, the phono
graph parlore on the Ocean boulevard, be
tween A and B streets. He stated that
he and a friend had visited " the place
Tuesday and he soon dropped his money
and his friend also lost about $24.
The modus operandi of the game is to
pitch five brass plates at a red circle with
the object of covering entirely the circle.
Grftfln got Interested in the game, b'ut
steadily lost, and he alleges that the men
in charge" of 'the game deftly moved tho
plates when he had a chance of winning.
Detectives Dillon and Crockett went out
to the Ocean Beach yesterday and arrest
ed the proprietor of the game .and four
others. They are Frank Marshall, J. D.
Brooks, H. Kenny, Bert Alburn and Ed
ward Williams. Marshall, Brooks and
Kenny were booked at the City Prison
on a charge of grand larceny and the
other two for vagrancy: The officers
seized the paraphernalia and closed the
place.- * . .. :. '
About half an hour after they had been
booked on the Griffin charge, Carl Goertz,
1159 .Mission street, appeared at ! the City
Prison and on his complaint Marshall,
Brooks and : Alburn were booked on an
other charge of grand larceny. He played
the plate game Monday and soon, parted
with - $68. x He alleged that Alburn delib
erately altered the plates on the circle so
as to prevent Its being, entirely covered.
The ¦ men " were : soon released on bonds.
It Is claimed that they hold a license to
play the game .and that they cannot be
convicted under any of the city ordi
nances. They denied that there was any
trickery, as alleged. The men played the
game and lost fairly.
• The game is played on Kearny street
every < day, and Tuesday night a police
man asked , the advice . of • the ¦ warrant
clerk as to whether the proprietors of the
games could be arrested and was informed
there was no ordinance to cover the case.
A similar attempt was made two or three
years ago without, success, i ' *: , .
Five Men Are Arrested oh
Charges/of Grand Lar
ceny and Vagrancy. '. •
LOSE THEIR COIN
AT PLATE GAME
Testimony Given Regarding Man's
Mental Condition When He
v " Signed , a Document. ;'.•'»¦¦,
SANTA ROSA, March 21.— Tho "Wicker
sham will contest continues to excite
much interest. Cora L.Wickersham, su
ing for her son's share In the million-dol
lar estate left by his grandparents, Isaac
G. and Lydia C. Wickersham.' willcontest
the issue to the bitter end and the.Wick
ereham heirs on the .other ' hand will op
pose her as persistently.- The trouble is
all over the contract that Frank Wlcker-
Bham signed giving up hi* entire rights in
the matter fora compromise sum of $30,
000. Now his widow claims that he was
of unsound mind when the contract was
signed and ' she wants his share of • the
estate for her son. • - .
Many witnesses for the contestants were
examined to-day, among them City Treas
urer, Swett . of • Fresno and William . T.
Season, ex-deputy Secretary of State and
secretary : of the Board ; of • Railroad Com
missioners,'-* and' •;!!.• G. Kittle,* also- ; of
Fresno. Kittle, testified that he -did not
consider! Frank Wlckersham responsible
for any of his own actions, but during tho
time that ' he < considered ¦ him unbalanced
he .'formed a business : partnerships with
him;.'- ." ••..-¦•. ¦.'-"¦-¦:¦-•'•: . :-=.¦-.¦ '.. . -
! Dr.,C. II.Adairof Fresno- gave expert
testimony as to mental diseases, \ showing
what effect cocaine,- strychnine, I morphine,
cigarettes and - whisky : would • have .upon
the human mind.v He- said he had treated
Wlckershanv and had advised -him: to dis
continue . the* use > of *these things: ;
Letter Reveals i His' Identity.
STOCKTON,; March 21.— A letter found
upon* the"; person ; of a i man killed .by. •„ tha
Lodl : train ¦ last « evening between Castle
S witch, and 'Armstrongr indicates that* he
was Jacob Michel. ;*• The < letter was : from
his ' brother, Andrew- Michel, , and •:• dated
March f 4, Napoleon,»Ind. An' ear trumpet
found on 1 the bodv indicates that : he ? was
deaf and did not hear the train approa.cn
ing» - He ' was : about; 45 i years of ago and
was dressed as a laborer. BBBBBiM
WICKERSHAM'S SANITY
.v THE ISSUE v IN" COURT
LINCOLN, Nebr., March 21.— The Re
publican caucus on the long-term Senato
rial seat Is making another night of it,
with; apparently no solution of the dead
lock. Balloting began shortly after 8
o'clock, with no change from last night,
except that Edward Rosewater . gained
two votes, one each, seemingly, from
Meiklejohn and Currle. The 11 o'clock
ballot resulted: Rosewater 34, Meiklejohn
34, Currle 7. " Necessary to nominate, 45.
The day brought no material change In
the short-term situation, except to slight
ly enhance the chances of election of D.
L. 'Thompson, the caucus nominee. Mr.
Thompson found two new adherents at to
day's Joint conference, running his total
up to BS votes, but six ; short of an elec
tion. Added to this were telegrams , to
anti-Thompson men , from "Chairman
Hanna of the Republican National Com
mittee, urging members who are holding
back to abide by the caucus decision. One
of the messages sent to the anti-Thomp
son forces la as follows:
Hon. J. A. -"Whltmore: The friends of the
administration here are deeply concerned ; at
Senatorial deadlock in your State and we. ask
your influence to secure settlement on caucus
recommendation by National Committee. ¦
M. A. HANNA.
The others, five In all, are similarly
worded, but some call attention. to the
fact that Mr. Thompson is the regularly
selected caucus nominee.
To-nlght ten of the anti-Thompson men
Joined In the following telegram:
Hon. M. A. Hanna, Washington: The short
term caucus nomination of Thompson ignores
recommendations of National Committee.' His
election would be disgraceful to State and
suicidal to party. Will oppose him to. the
, •John A. "Whitmore, ' M. Broderick, J. .E.
Evans, A. R. Olsen, J. J. McCarthy. H. Boh
wor, J. E. Mendenhall, F. Jouvenal, Dan
Swanson, J. Steele.
The long-term caucus adjourned until
to-morrow night after taking nineteen
ballots without a nomination. t*gM
Adjourns After Taking Nineteen Bal
lots Without a Nomina
¦¦','.'-\ tion. - Y '.
LONG-TERM SEAT CAUCUS
STILL AT A DEADLOCK
EOARD OF WORKS ESCAPES
SEBVICE OF INJUNCTION
Puts Big 1 Force of Men to "Work Re
ducing Width of City Hall
Avenue.
The Board of Public Works received In
formation yesterday afternoon- -that
George T. Marye was suing out a writ of
injunction to prevent the narrowing of tho
roadway on City Hall avenue by four feet
on each side. Immediate orders were
given to Chief Field Deputy McGilllvray
to put every available laborer in the
Street Department to work tearing up the
basalt blocks and placing new curbing
along the avenue. .This was done in or
der to escape the service of the Injunction
Commissioners Mendell, Maguire and
Manson went their several ways, but a
force of fifty men began operations at 4
o'clock and by 6 the work was nearly
completed and the injunction, which
was issued late in the afternoon
by Judge Dunne, was of no ef
fect, as there was no one to serve it on.
The work was done at the direction of the
Beard of Supervisors with a view toward
beautifying- the avenue with Ebade trees.
Marye and other adjoining property own
ers objected before the Street Committee
and the Mayor and the matter was re
ferred to the City Attorney. - That of
ficial found that the proceedings were reg
ular and the work was prosecuted with
renewed vigor when it became known that
Marye was getting out a restraining or
der. The injunction proceedings will be
heard by Judge Seawell.
tion will aPk for a continuance till the
testimony is transcribed and the matter
can be intelligently argued.
Judere Fritz will not render his decision
<r>n the charce of forging the seal of a
court of record till this morning, and It
nay be favorable to the defendant, which
¦would render that portion of the writ un
necessary.
In ' the aprrtlcatlon for the writ the
Vlaim Is made that the complaint charg
ing Cooper with forging a telegram
did not state sufficient facts to con
stitute a crime and the evidence did
rot ?how reasonable, probable or any
cause to hold the defendant to answer for
nny crime. The instrument was» not such
that the crime of forgery could be predi
cated upon, it is claimed. It Is also
claimed that a woman's consent to her
marriage or her affections were not such
rroperty that the law contemplated could
he secured toy forgery and therefore there
could have fceen no intent to defraud any
Person or anything which would render
the defendant liable to punishment for
eny crime.
In regard to the charge of forging tne
peal of the "High Court of Chancery, Lon
don. England," It is contended that there
i? no Fuch court of record and that there
fore there could have been no forgery.
Applies for a "Writ of Habeas Corpus
Returnable B*?for» Judg« Cook
This Morning.
"Sir" Harry Wettwood Cooper, alias Dr.
Tlmest Moore Chadwiek. through his at
torney yesterday applied for a. writ of ha
beaa corpus. The writ was made return*
able Vfore Judge Cook at 10 o'clock this
morning. It Is probable that the prosecu-
COOPER IS ANXIOUS
FOR RELEASE FROM JAIL
It Js a Wood arc light machine and sup
plies eighty arc lights of 50- volt power
each. Eaton, thinking .that Curnow
might have only received a shock, hur-
riedly dispatched another employe in
search of a physician. Falling to find one,
a telephone message was sent for a pri
vate ambulance. . When it, arrived the
physician who accompanied it announced,
that Curnow had been dead for some time.
Rigor mortis had set in, tending to show
that Curnow was dead when first discov
ered by Eaton.
The only evidences of injury were found
on the hands of the deceased. Both of
them were burned and blistered and sev
eral bits ! of skin were found on the
dynamo. Whether Curnow stumbled and
in trying to save himself from falling
threw out his hands and touched the
dynamo or carelessly placed both hands
.on the electrical generator while examin
ing 1 the oil cup is a matter of conjecture.
When his hands touched the dynamo the
circuit was completed and the entire
charge of electricity passed through his
body. : i
¦".It is the opinion of the other workmen
"that Curnow received fully 3600 volts, a3
that is the usual generating power of the
dynamo at the hour when the accident
happened. - . ' ¦
¦ Curnow,- who was about 25 years of age,
wa3' married and lived with his wife and
; one child at 129 San Carlos avenue. -
Commissioners Expect to Make Many
Improvements During the
Coming Year.
The Board of Park Commissioners has
notified Auditor Wells that it will ask for
an appropriation of $423,000 for the fiscal
year of 1901-02, for the maintenance of '
the park and the plazas under their juris- j
d:ction. Amor.c the important Items Is .j
one for $35,000 for the construction of an j
aquarium, $35,000 for the proposed casino I
and $5000 for the fitting up of a mechani- |
cal library.
Superintendent » McLaren recommended i
the installation of the Wilerus oil burn- !
ing system at the pumping station. The '
owner of the Japanese quarters in the '
park was granted permission to enlarge |
and ! improve the place. Commissioner j
Martin recommended that as many tennis !
courts as space in front of the old music •
Etand will permit be marked off and that '
rules and regulations be adopted for those j
who play the fame. All those who desire j
to use the courts must make application
to the office. It was decided not to renew
the lease of the present tenants of tho
children's quarters, which expires on April
L The Commissioners contemplate run
ning them under their own auspices.
Commissioner Martin was appointed a
committee of one to prepare a set of rules j
to govern the automobillsts. Commls- j
sioner Bpreckels reported receiving- $100 :
from the California Paris Commission in '
payment for the damage sustained to the !
fish exhibit, during its passage from Eu
rope.
LARGE APPROPRIATION
FOR PAB.K WIXIj BE A SITED
SUISUN. March 21.— At a meeting of the
Board of Tpwn Trustees Tuesday night an
ordinance was introduced increasing the
license of retail liquor dealers ¦ to $75 . a
month. .The liquor dealers at present pay
a license of only $5. There are now twelve
places In town where liquor is sold at re
tail, and the high* license will probably
close all but three or four of them.
Liquor License Increased.
SEATTLE, March 21.— E. G. Tennant of
Juneau Is authority for the statement that
claim No. 13, above Lower Discovery, on
American Jack Wade Creek, recently
yielded JSOO in a single pan of gravel. He
says that there Is no doubt the district Is
one of the richest In Alaska. The day be
fore he left Jack Wado he picked. up. he
says, a nugget worth' $77 from No. 13. A
week prior to that a nugget worth $100
was found in a drift on . claim No. 8.
Claim No. 17, according to his story, pro
duces not less than $5 to every bucket.
Jack Wade Creek.
From Claims on American
Discoveries of Gold Are Reported
HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS • /
IN PANS OF GRAVEL
I will not reopen the matter. As I said in
my statement of Wednesday evening, the in
cident is closed. When Mr. Scannell said he
would race any horse in the world for any
number of heats from seven to twenty, I took
him at his word. It was immaterial to me
how many heata there were in the race. I
would have been willing to race three or five
heats if he had so stated at first, .but when
he said he would race The Abbott four In
seven I accepted that offer. When he talked
with me over the telephone this was perfectly
understood. " Then when my representative
was ready to sign the agreement objection
was made to four heats in seven and he was
told that Th«y Abbott would not be. raced four
heats In seven. Now I do not do business In
that way. When I give, my word I keep.it.
and when Mr. Seannell announced that I he
would not race The Abbott as he had agreed
to, then, as far as I was concerned, the race
was off. Under no circumstances will I take
up the matter again— no matter, in what form
it comes to me. • .
'NEW YORK, March 21.-Flre Commis
sioner John J. Scannell announced this
afternoon that he had decided to agree to
the conditions stipulated'.by Thomas Law
son of Boston that the proposed race be
tween the trotters, The Abbott and Bor
akna, should be for the best four heats in
seven. Scannell made the following state
ment: r ':¦:•£ '"¦
A misunderstanding having arisen between
Mr. Lawson and myself as to the terms and
conditions of the proposed match -for $25,000
a side with the privilege of Increasing the
sum to $50,000, between- The Abbott and Bor
alma, and being anxious to gratify tbe desire
which the public seems to have for a contest,
I am willing to waive my objections to the
proposition of Mr. Lawson that the race
should be for four heats in seven, I do. not
believe in subjecting so valuable a horse to
such a strain, but as I have already conceded
everything else contended for by Mr. Law
eon. I have decided to make this last conces
sion and have deposited a certified check for
$10,000 to bind the match. I am sorry that any
misunderstanding should ever have arisen and
I am sure that the owner of Boralma will ap
preciate my sincerity when he realizes that I
have conceded everything: that he has asked
for. »
BOSTON, March 21.— Thomas W. Law
son said to-night, when asked if there was
any possibility that a race might be ar
ranged between Boralma and The Abbott:
Not Race Boralma.
But Now Lawson Says That He .Will
SCANNELL ACCEPTS CONDITIONS
The act will do avay with arrests by
constables and highbinders for purposes
of blackmail and will enable the United
States Attorney to prevent corruption.
"Sec. S. That no warrant of arrest for vio
lations of the Chinese exclusion laws shall be
issued by United States Commissioners ex
cepting upon the Fworn eorap'.air.t cf a United
Plate* District Attorney. Assistant United
ft»te* district Attorney. Collector. Deputy
<""olleetor or Inspector f>f Customs. Immigration
Inspector. tTnited . Ptate* Marshal or Deputy
United Ftates Marshal or Chinese Inspector.
unless ttie issuing of such warrant cf arrest
Fhall first he approved or requested In writinj?
t>* the T'nited State* District Attorney of the
district In which issued.
"Sec. 4. That this act shall take effect im
mediately."
"Sec. !. That a United States Commissioner
thall be entitled to receive a fee of $5 for hear
ing and deciding a case arising; under the Chi
nese exclusion lairr.
T'nitert States Attorney John W. Grlggs
has issued the following circular:
To United State* Attorneys. Marshal* and
OnnTTiifMoriers: Your attention is Invited to
the fellowimr Quoted act. to wit:
"An set supplementary to an net entitled
'An act to Prohibit the cornins of Chinese per
for.p into the United States.' approved Mai
s'. 1SS2. an] fixing tb.e compensation of com
missioners Jn such cases.
"Be It enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of tbe United States of
America in Conzre?s assembled, that it shall
t-e iawtul for the District Attorney of the dis
trict in which a.ny Chinese person may be &»¦*•
re^tt-d for beinx found unlawfully within the
United States, or having unlawfully en
tered the United States, to <ie?i^nate the
United Ptates ComrrisMoner within such dis
trict before whom fuch Chinese person shall
t# taken tor hearir-c.
Importation.
to Arrest of Mongolians for
Congress Amends the Law Relating
GOVERNMENT CURBS
CHINESE BLACKMAHEBS
WILLIAM CURNOW was elec
trocuted early yesterday
morning at station ; B of the
San Francisco' Gas and Elec
tric Company on Townsend
street, near Third. Just how the accident
occurretl will" never be known. '. Curnow
was. found lying, on the floor of the
dynamo room on Hhe second story- His
hands were burned and a few shreds' of
flesh sticking to a 4000-volt dynamo gave
mute evidence as to the cause of death.
Curnow had been in the employ of the
company a short time. It was his duty
to oil the general operating machinery
and the dynamos. He went to the dynamo
room about 3:30 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, leaving the foreman and another oiler
on the ground floor. It generally took him
abcut fifteen or twenty minutes to refill
the oil cups of the dynamos. When ho
failed to return half an hour later L. A.
Eaton, the foreman, went upstairs to look
for him. He found Curnow lying on the
floor in front of a dynamo that when fully
loaded generates 4000 volts of electricity.
A prominent railroad man said yester
day that all the old and time-worn depots
would be removed as soon as possible and
that they would all be replaced by hand
some and attractive buildings. He said
further- that all the depots erected in fu
ture at small stations would be on tho
plans of the one at Palo Alto.
Hanford is also to have a new depot.
TT.e building to be erected will be large
and airy, with a number of arches, and
will plve ample shade in the hot summer
months.
The first railway station building that
will be torn down and supplanted under
this new order of things is the one at
Redwood City. The plans for this build
ins are nearly completed. The station. It
was learned yesjterday, will not be on the
pretent site, but will be removed a block
or so farther uptown. I
Yesterday orders were given In. th© en
gineering department of the Southern Pa
cltlc that new, attractive and comfortable
railroad depots be erected along all lines
ct the road where old and unsightly build
ings now exist. The new structures are
to be built on modern and approved plans,
and will be copies, as near as possible, of
the old Mission style of architecture.
President Hays' present actions -will
cause the general public to awaken to the
fact that the successor of the late C. P.
HuntinKton is up to date, and that he will
make every effort to popularize the
Southern Pacific Railroad in California.
President Hays Will Have
Antiquated Buildings
Replaced.
Mission Style Favored, and Redwood
City and Hanf ord Will Be First
to Get New Station.
NEW DEPOTS
TO BE ERECTED
LOS ANGELES, March 21.-The Grand
Jury reported this afternoon. Their report
¦covers eighty-seven pages of typewritten .
manuscript, the' result of the labor of
"llfty-seven sessions. .Speaking of C*oro
uer Holland, It says:
' "The general conduce of the Coroner's
office under L. T. Holland has been very
tad and such as to bring scandal upon
the office and disgrace upon the county of
Los Angeles. The Coroner seems to have
been actuated not so much by a purpose
to- perform the important duties of his
office faithfully and well as to subserve
certain ulterior purposes to punish ene
mies and reward friends, and altogether
to secure the utmost profit for somebody
out of the corpses that have fallen Into
his temporary keeping."
Another paragraph in the report has
this to say:
! "Not disparaging the skill of physicians
or surgeons of the County Poor Farm or
County Hospital and of the physician In
charge of the free dispensary, we are of
the opinion that the. superintendents of
the County Hospital and Poor Farm, on
account of their carelessness, if no worse,
in the expenditure of county money in
the reckless manner disclosed by the tes
timony, warrants us In recommending to,
the Board of Supervisors their removal
from office."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Conduct of the Coroner's Office Is De
nounced and Hospital Superin
- tendents Recommended
for Dismissal.
Los Angeles Grand Jury
Makes Strong Charges
of Corruption.
SHARP WORDS
FOR OFFICIALS
A large trunk containing- a quantity of
stolen jewelry was located by detectives
in Lcmbardi's hotel on Pacific street late
las=t night. It is believed that the own
ers of the trunk are notorious thieves,
¦who have been operating throughout the
country and for whom the police have
beeti on the lookout for some time.
A man and woman' entered the hotel
during- the evening and after registering
requested the clerk to have their trunk
pent to their room. The actions of the
couple were suspicious, and after they
had left the house detectives were notified
and the trunk searched. It was found to
contain a quantity of jewelry, which the
cltieer* declare was stolen.
The detertives immediately laid plans to
catch the thieves. They secured the ad-
Joining apartment? and lay in waft for
the couple all night. The latter evident
ly In some manner became apprised of the
fact that they were under suspicion, and
at 2:30 o'clock this morning had not re
turned to the hotel. The name used by
the man In registering is believed to be
assumed, as It Is unknown to the police,
inouph there is little dnubt that the man
rind woman are the couple for whom the
police have been searching.
Detectives Make an Impor
tant Discoverj in Lom
bard i'sflotlL |
Baggage Left by Man and Woman
Searched and Now Officers ' *
Are "Waiting' to Arrest th.e
Couple.
STOLEN JEWELRY
IN A BIG TRUNK
THE SAN FRANCISCO X3ALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1901.
BANDIT FIGHTS
TWO OFFICERS
Desperate Encounter With
Pistols in the Jail at
Madera.
Young Leonard Hammond Shoots tha
Sheriff, Seats a Deputy and Is
Himself Dangerously
Wounded. \
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
MADERA, March 21— With a rock
which he dug from his cell and tied In. his
handkerchief Leonard Hammond, a. youns?
man awaiting trial on a charge of rob
bery, this morning beat Deputy Sheriff E.
Lewis almost into insensibility, took thu
officer's pistol and with it attempted to
murder Sheriff W. B. Thurman. .
Fortunately for the Sheriff tha bullet In
tended for his heart struck the back of
his left hand, plowing its way through
the bones and lodging In his shirt Just be
low the last rib. The Sheriff fired at tha
same time, the ball from his pistol strik
ing Hammond in the left eye. As tha
prisoner staggered back the officer fired,
again, the ball striking the desoerado la
the right breast. It ranged upward and
emerged under the right shoulderblad*.
The wounds will most" likely prove fatal.
The Sheriff and deputy, although se
riously wounded, will soon be all right.
Attack on the Deputy.
The attempted murder of the officers
took place about 11 o'clock. Deputy Sher
iff Lewis was alone in the jail at tho
time. Hammond called him. saying he
would like to take -a. bath. The bathroom
is to the left of the corridor where tho
prisoner was confined. The officer opened'
the corridor door and allowed the orls
oner to cometmt. As the officer was lock
ing: the door Hammond struck him on tha
head "with his Improvised slungshot.
The blow staggered Lewis, but he>
bravely attacked the desperate man. He
had left his pistol In the office and had no
weapon but his hands. He. grappled thai
prisoner, who continued pounding with.
the slungshot. Though bleeding from a
number of scalp wounds the deputy
fought gallantly and succeeded in throw
ing the prisoner to the floor. He attempt
ed to clutch him ay the neck, but tha
prisoner got one of the officer's fingers in
his mouth and bit it to the bone, causing
Lewis to lose his advantage.
- Hammond jumped up and sprang
through a door leading to the office, pull
ing and bolting the door behind him whila
he searched for the deputy's pistol. In
the meantime Lewis climbed upon tho
steel cage and made his way to the back,
window, which he opened and gave tha
alarm. This brought Sheriff Thurman,
who was in front of the Courthouse, half
a block away. Hammond had secured the
pistol and came back into the Jail looking
for Lewis, his Intention being to kill him.
Battle With Pistols.
As the Sheriff reached the jail the prls-»
oner heard him and rushed out Into tha
office. The Sheriff opened the door and saw
Hammond standing there. The prisoner
covered the Sheriff with his pistol, com
manrtin? him to halt. With presence of
mind the officer closed the door. Jumped
back and drew his revolver. Just as ha
got It out Hammond pulled the door open.
Both men fired almost simultaneously at
a distance of about eight feet. Hammondl
was shot below the left eye. As he was
falling Thurman fired the second' time.
Tax Collector Krohn and others' arrived
and assisted the wounded officers. Tha
prisoner, was carried to a cell.
Hammond. was arrested for holding: up
frve men in the Owl saloon at Berend a
short time ago. He Is a beardless youth*
aged about 21 years.
NTTDE ART STUDIES BED
BAGS TO MRS. NATION
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March ZL— Mm.
Nation, addressing an open meeting of
the Women's Christian Temperanca
Union in this city to-day, urged the mem
bers to begin a crusade against the inde
cent pictures that hang on the walls off
saloons. In , a spirited speech she told!
them that they should not be mere "seat
warmers," but active workers in tha
cause of morality and decency.
"But, Mother Nation," complained a
W. C T. U. woman, "haven't we taken
down these pictures again and again with
out succeeding 1 in keeping them down?
What are we to dor*
Ii stantly came the reply: "If you wash
your face one day. does it remove the ob
ligation to do so on the next day? You
must wash and wash and clean and clean.
You must not rest; you must not tire."
While no action was taken, several
women spoke in defense of Mrs. Nation's
efforts against saloons.
Earlier in the day Mrs. Nation had en
tered a downtown saloon and caused a
nude picture to be removed from the wall.
"If I had . my hatchet," she said. "Z
would go through the place." A police
officer escorted her out of the place, and.
upon her promise to do no more smash
ing Mr3. Nation was released without be
ing taken to the station.
Steamer Goes Ashore.
KEY WEST. Fla.. March 2L— A larga
British steamer Is ashore on French Reef.
Wrecking tugs from here have gone to her
assistance.
William Gurnow Is Found' Lying; Lifeless Beside a 4000-
Vblt Generator of the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company— Burned Palms Tell the Sad Story
PUTS HIS HANDS UPON DYNAMO
AND HALLS TO THE FLOOR DEAD
WILLIAM CURNOW, AN OILER,
ELECTROCUTED ACCIDENTALLY
IN LIGHT AND POWER HOUSE.
WOODLAND. March 2L— Charles . H.
Erwln vai stricken by paralysis on
Wednesday. Hla rlgfct side Is helpless
anfl he cannot epeak. Hla case is regard
ed as very eerlou*.
Speechless From Paralysis.
: OAKLAND, March < 21.— The following
marriage licenses ..¦were „ issued : to-day » at
the - County Clerk's- office: .--Edward
O'Keefe of Alameda, aged" 21, and May
Storts of Boulder Creek, aged ¦ 18 : ; Manuel
de'Mello of Haywards,' aged 24; and Mary
G. Farro of Haywards,: aged 17; Stephen
G. > Rogers of Berkeley, aged 22, and ¦ Elsie
Grasse of Berkeley, aged 19.
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
SAN JOSE, March 2L— At a meeting yes
terday afternoon -of the. committees from
the Santa Clara Valley Improvement Club
and the Farmers' Club, It was decided to
celebrate the -opening of the Southern
Pacific Company's coast division for traf
fic; to occur on March 31, with a banquet
to President Hays and other high offi
cials of the company at the Hotel Ven
riorno on the evening of April 1,~ provided
that date Is agreeable to taem. \ .
Banquet to President Hays.
C
9
oooooocooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooogooo
00OOOO00O0000000OOOO000OOOOO0000O0O00O00QO00O0O0O0OO3 0O3
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
300000000000000000000000000 CO 000000000000000000300000000
ooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooocoooooo oooooooooooooooooooo
00 OOO 0 OOOOOOOOOOOOOCj"^ 1^""™ ll "^™^^ OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O 0 OO ¦¦- OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC u 1 DiirCCCTIlTr OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OO OO OOOO'OOOOOOOOOOOC llAlVliIIiJjlXltl 0 2 a »C O O O O O O OO OOO O OO C
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ¦ 000 00000000 000000090
oooocooooooooooooooo . oc ooooooooooooo-ooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC THP 0,0000000000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC ¦ * *** - • OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC . '"¦.; OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
oooooooooooooooooooc pinnr t\/\t mi* oooooooooooooooooooc
°»i . -oo suits power. o O boo
§ MY |{ W^ If ASAN.. j
11 EXPERIENCES gs :'¦ - . < kl FRANCISCO ™
JJ ¦ 3 00000000000000 0000C . °C
S z • WlTff aooooooooooooooooooc CTDT 2 X
00 Wlin 300^00000000000000000 . UUO* OO
00 . 3000000000000000000C °q
oo MAHATMAS. aooooooooooooooooooc TO NEW YORK oo
oo ¦«****"* *^»**«3. aooooooooooooooooooc 1*1 1^1- ". *V»*X*V. ««
OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC • oo
o"o Bv Colonel Olcott. oooooooooooooooooooc BvAnnePatfc. oo
00 J w •«"".».««. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC : J * 00
1 r I __r* «p«»< l «««»A«»'»««» »-^ fj m on
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
O O O O O O OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOO
THE SUNDAY CALL
ARCH I TWENTY-FOUR^—.
O O 0 O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O P O O O 0 O O OO O 0 0 O O 0 O O O O O 0 O O O O O 0 OOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOO OO OOO 00 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
000000000000060000000000000 00 oooooooooooooooopoooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 0» OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooooooooo oiniv niv oooooooooooooooooooc
oooooooooooooooooooo ¦H/\ivLl"*#Ax odoooooooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO - '¦ OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
oooooooooooooooooooc .TTHTS A XT? If AT oooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO * *ll**i 1 iViWiiljO. aoOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC *. oj, u,~»V r.U OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
oooooooooooooooooooc Dy.nany uaies. oooooooooooooooooooc
oooooooooooooooooooo " . ¦- - " oooooooooooooooo-oooo
oooooooooooooooooooc ¦ : ooooooooooooooooorooo
ii ¦: •-•« GIRLSWHO ||| |»i
SS BOOKS, - S5 " FENCE " PAGES OF ?S
OO 00 ••¦'.-%,: 30 OO
00 I 0 ol mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmim jio 0 ¦ °o
00 .~*»w**«w 1 «*». OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ,„., 1, ,,.11. ,...1 ' °0
FICTION AND INTERESTING c
°° -.. ¦ - ¦ . ,'• oooooooooooooooooooc i ' SS
o ° . ' •"-•" 000000000 00 00000000c 00
00 nicmnuc oooooooooooooooooooo cvnnTCC 00
00 FASllIONS. oooooooooooooooooooc STORIES, 00
00 *","?*"-¦.¦¦ oooooooooooooooooooc »*»w -¦""-' o «
00 ' oooooooooooooooooooc • 00
00 •' I 00000000000000000,00c - 00
0 oLmbmhmmhJ 000000 9 ooooooi>i>0 < >ooc Lhhbbb^bmihh«00
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O 0.0 00000000 00 00000000 OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
000060006000000000000000000000 0.0 000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O,O OOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
0000000000000 00 00-000000000006000000000000000000000000000THE SAN FKAKClSCa CALL, FRIDAY, 3IAHCH 22, 1901.
10
SAN FRAXCISCO CALL.
ntTElNEEK OFFICE" o.' T*»e San Francisco
Czii. <vn ler of Market and Third streets: cp»n
tnlil 12 o'clock every r.iKht in ths year.
BRANCH OFFICES— _7 Monurcraery street.
<oroor Clay: o|*»n unll! S:C0 p. m.
rw iray<"y Btreet: open untii 9:3i» p. m.
CZ3 McAlllfter rtreel; cr-en until ?:30 p. ra.
tli Larl:in street; n*n until 9:30 p. — :.-
ISti iSiMSitm 6tre<t: open until 10 p. m.
tCtl Market tircet. corner Sixteenth; cpen
until 9 p. rn.
M Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. ra.
:C36 Valrr.r'.a ftre?t: cpen until 9 p. ra.
Xcrtbwmt corn»r Twenty-«eccnd and Ken-
<i>r-v-v ytrf»ty: *-z*-. until 9 p. m.
UCCTI\G NOTICES.
C'.'i^.'FOHN'lA «'cn minJfry N". 1. K. T.. _-fc_
f J'. >t tt.— Hop-ular asF<=-mbiy TIIIS T£*^
KVFXINO. at 7:30 o'clr-ck. Order of K31
U>» Ten-.V'le. All Jrat're courteouFly jn- <Q^
\itf*. Ty orfler r>f the Onmrr.ander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
JVPOf-LO l.r.firo N>. 123. I. O. j^^A^fy,
O F.-In;tiation THI? iFHIPAY)
MCHT. March 22. S o'clock, ~'J^*'^~
Mcracrtai Halt Members and vis- ™*:
sr.-irs cor _a_j Isrttied.
<"H>S. ~ I'ERRT. N. G.
nr. r. NoncrtoFs. r.ec. sec.
F«,ncrNT I^lye No. 3rv. I. O. O. <«*&<&;,
p._Vrtrrr.n O«<1 Fellas wlH ?»>'
S w a fku-nal v;rlt THIS «FRI-
DAT) nyrNING. M.-rch Z2. Vis- '" x
it:rs r.i^n.bers eardi— 117 invited.
John Mclaughlin, n.. g.
¦£ix6:.vrj DIXON. c ecy. . ._
F*N ntAKCISOO Tent Nc. IS. K.
O. T. )_-4_Vfe— THIS (FBIDATl /^^Sfe\
TTVK.viNfS at S o'clock, ri&neer 5!£i'ajf.$t\
Us"., ti Fr.urth rt.
H. ft. CASTLE. yS-r^p
R^r.1 Keeper. TyiJ
MESn:r.S »ir the Mirtcr Mr.rine— ;' __
Aesc ¦ .-. ¦ ' . arc cordially invited ?<" ~2*"
r.t »«¦'¦¦•! our firrt quirterlv tori a 1 A *'^_»»
BATURDAT rHGHT. frr.m S until
rr. !*;-: fc -ht, at T..-U Men's Ha'.l. 3^' P.>?t st.
A. BET1GMAN.
TJIK ~X~3>Uve QmRB!tt«t Of the Toon* Men's
Op— tnl U-ruM>Rn Club -111 me.-t TO-MOR-
RO~ fPATUEDAYl HVKNING. af 8 o'clock,
fit "?T Hrsh Ft. livery member is eamestly
rc;i rrted to attend. Uy onirr of the Prest-
d!-rit EH MAYERS. Sec.
MEETING Cf :.ilfPlrn Real Irr.rrove-er.t Club
Ukea r"?re SATUTIDAT EVENING. March j
V?.. r.t 4JS1 Mlf-vir n rt. All property owners in- I
vited. Unportant hur.inc^s. I
ANM.M. Meeting— 7i'« annual meeting of the j
rtcckhoMers ri th<« Western f'.:par Refinlne .
Oocai— Bir win t>e held »t th» office of the j
fc— i|>any. 2T7 Uarkct tt.. Fan FranrlECO. Cal..
m MONDAY. Ihe &_ day of March. 1S01. I
r\ the h<-u r cf 12 — i.. tcr the purpose of
• >rtlr«r n l.card of directors to serve for
the er.Fuir.c year end tte transaction of
tech <"thcr *>u!=ir.~!s ss may oomf before the
rawttnx: Tra ncfer book* will clo?e on Fri-
day. March 15 IS01 nt 12 :n.
W H. HATCH AM F*i+inrT.
• » I
ACK.\TS^)VAXTEI). |
V ANTED— 'Tool: apents, canva««crs ani solic- ]
ltors; t-aiarv or 50 per <*ent commission: best
rharce ever effcred. Hooms 12 and 13, 14S
FlXth Bt. . ".:...-'
EXFlTlflKJCCEn insurance apento. Call at
toon, TO. '. ?: Market ft.. ccrn«»r Sixth.
\V A NTi:i>— Averts tn ra<-h city; socd min«y.
r^ ":r i'.>p«t M. g- 1.. <~n.. 4<.'l »lh. Oak'wnd
ASl'JlALTI M KOUFI.VG. j
J. PELTIER, a'uhalt roofing, sidewalk* r»- j
rs'r'fl: nrsta'.. li'fi Mission; tel. Folsom 1807.
ASTROLOGY.
Scientific teacher of astrology: Imropcopej" com-
lil"te.:.<-c Mrg.Dr.^mlth.lW^'fe Market.r.12. !
ATTOItXEVS AT LAW.
AI'.'IOE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no *ee arUhont *uoce»?; collections. G. W.
liOWE. atty at iaw. K,<\ Market, cor. Stocktn. I
J. II. McKNIGHT. collection*; damages: c^- j
tatey; n;!.-.'.rt: open even. r?2 Parrott bldg. '¦.
ADVjr'E free: no charge unless successful. \V. j
V.'. DAVIPSON. ;:7 Market ft., opp. Mason, i
L S. CLARK. K— :Tna Fpreckels bids'., XT7 Mar- !
k^r ftt: oor.5ul*at!cn free: no fees in advance. |
Bl'SUk—SS CUAKCE&.
A-tCO-CCRXER §— ocery and bar; rent fliTa.
fin<? business and chol-* location In the Mir- :
•eion: Fr'T.did show for man and wife. Call
U G. WILKE. :6'i Kearny tt. - |
A RARH chance — Old-estab. flower store with i
DUltti}. including ' hothouses, boiler, horses.
wests, p'ante. and trees of aH desirlption;
location heart of the city: estab. 8 year*: a
flrst-claF?. ra>"lne establishment; lease. Call I
H. G. WILKF, 264 Kearny st.
A— "<• "; RESTAURANT rn Sansome St.; rent i
Slf; frnr^3 «>nylns. R. G. WII— — , 264 Keamy. j
A_W(: BllANCII bakery and stationery; rent j
SCO; S living rooms; dally receipts til Call i
K G. WILKE. 2SV> Kearny st. I
A—fllCC: BAZAAR, ftationiry. notions, toys, I
c!pa:y. rtc. : rtock will invoice the price; best i
corrsc-r !r. the MUsion. Call R. G. WILKE. i
ICVt Kcsrny et. :
¦A-Ji:^': CORNER barroom on Third et.. close i
to rj.n biac. : an o!d-estbl. and flrst-cla^s
r«y!np place; sickness of owner only cau»e ,
of ?->¦ Ca'.l R. G. WILKE. 2SH Keany st.
A-t".(<; t_C_BHSO shop; efctabiished many ,
years ar.d doing a first-clasfc paying hnilmw; i
JT.t SH2 If: location bent: business *treet. j
V.e.'t>rr. AJd. It. G. WILKE. 20\j Kearry. I
A-Jl^: Ch'OPHOUSE and restaurant on j
Davis rt.: bept by present owner 7 years ; a j
f.rrr-'lret poyinsr business. Call. R. G.
V.'IJ.KE, rc- a Kea?~ y «t--
A-:.:'.'J: CORNER grocery end bar on Ca'.i-
fcm:« ft.: choicest location In this city: good '
layinc rla"»-: «*le8n st<vk: Rood fixtures. Call 1
II. P.. WILKE. KU Kearny et. ;
A-JCO: BTATIOKE31T store: 2 living rooms;
rer.t CO: c-.n\ businees for man and wife. !
_Ca:; R. d. WILKE. C6^ Kearny st. !
>— t~C; COK3OEB grocery and bar; northern j
fart rt city: death of owner cause of sale; a '
rood botom for man and wife. Call R. G.
TVTLKE. -Ci Kearny st. ;
f<T_riOAnT TNG-IIOl-pn. "I rooms Knd bar- 37 i
F<v-3 bc:i-<«pr?; ore or the bert ikying hou5?s j
In the city and the greatest bargain ever of- I
frred fcr sale; nill clear flSO to $200 per '•
— irr.th: m-.!st sell this week, es the owner has I
inther hattnem to fittend to in the country, i
Tt--i=:ri«f6 r«'ard of Trede. 3£S Pine St.. oppo- j
fits Sen Fn ir.ciFco Stock Exchange.
14'/— fMr.T>TR: rrocrry. bar: grood chance for
giod nac. KREDO - CO.. SC9 Market et.
TIOTO— HOTKL. with tar: 15 rooms: SO boarders;
r:'3r ». r. XPJ:do & CO.. Flood building.
P_— HOTEL, M rosms; cleai-s J100 monthly;
cl.rz.?. irnt. KHEDO & CO.. 8^» Slarket st.
~R>— ClfiAn rtand n»ar Mncket: barsain thl^
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'^ Market gt. !
j"t~'O— rAHTNTR rrsr.fpd; wholesale commission j
•i_— en V:LAUOIILI.\, 777^4 Market st. '
BKALL r^tau— irt fcr r«le. cheap: doinp a 1
_foo<l bugJncs». MCLAUGHLIN. T77& Market.
lOfl CTCAR Ftar.5?. 2V» croceries and bars] '
CM cz.n6y c=<J :rerr«-am stores. 500 restaurants, j
*^-' st<;r«?« of nil kinds; fartnern wanted. j
Par-ties with nOO up can be suited.
WALTER, HAYES k CO.. ST3 Market ft
EAJ£<;aIN-MC0 win buy the best fitted and
15 years' established rwtaurant; call quirkly
and tske this bargain : has to go to-day
LUNDIN _ CO.. &C6 Market St.
A— <3OOD restaurant complete; good payer: In
rr. aeufn'-trrins- <— nter: rheap tent. DONALD !
1XVFJ-MEXT CO.. tZO Market st- ~
HOTEL rtinlr-s-rocm to rent, furnished; cen-
tral locatlcn: good house; rent In board. Ar-
llrjrton Kofi. Ninth and Washington ets
Ockland. Cal. • '
lUTFTAT'HANT In rood location for sale rheap-.
i*nt fl2: owner toing to Europe. Apply bcx
:::?. can office.
WANTKn—PartnEr In well-payins commission
basin"?*; unall capital. Address Commission
.tx~. i.'St. Cuii office.
VTILL ra>' J^ for the use of $230 for sixty
dcys: loan fecute<T; no brokers. Box 2SJ6
CaH office. •
(•ATXiCiN. rcrn»r grocery and iren^ral merchan-
dlr^-: h^rse end wagon; owner leaving coast,
. 1CT Hearst fave.. Punnvgjde. Price KQQ*- -
~»*ANTKr>— Sober Industrious man as partner In
r«jtcr:er;ne busin**s;_ rot necessary to under-
rtand business; no agents. 3GSS Sixteenth st-
CHOICE earner salocn; pood location; p7yTn7
taftnef s. Arply NH. ccr. Seventh and Foliom.
f5AlX>ON" for se.Ie orno-ite ferry. Apply 111
. Eaci tt_. north of Market. - 1. . ....
THE greatest chance of a lifetime; $250 cash
will £<* you en Interest In the best proponi-
tl'a over offered: perfectly legitimate. For
full iaril<-ula— < address box 2«4. Call offloe.
WANTKIKEy active man with little capital,
a rood -r fiying business; no objection to a
pood partner. A. H., box 2137. Call office.
MKRCHAN'T tailor business, well established
lor rale rlic-ap. Hi Polk st.
ft'Z— BARGAIN for J17»: restaurant for wile.
' including 4 rocma, furnished, on account of
sickness: rent $Jj. Address Til Stevenson gt.
KIKFT-OLASS «_loon and liquor store, cheap
al 12000: — lust be *old; owner going East; no
hCtntn. liox SO. Call.
FOR sale— Good caloon: Market et.; owner poe«
. to Cerroany. Address O. S-. box «6Q3. CalL
WANTED— Party with flOOO to (5000: will pa"y
liberal salary — -Hh secured Interest' In Alas-
kan business. 8C3 Call building. S. F.
AN nld-estsbllehed fruit. . f:?h and delicacies
••tore. Address C. M- VT.. Vallejo." Cat
m
nt'SIXRSS Cl I \ \ Cns--C<) n 1 1 n n et\. _
GOOD Tearing, "old-established lumber business;
Including fawmlli; timber hnds, yards, lum-
l>er «tock. tlonlwy engine, horss teams, etc.
II. fc F. L. COOPER-. Nevada City. Cal.
OTTTSIDE route on this paper fcr sale. Apply
Call Buclnets ollice. J -" f.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for Srale. Apply
at Call Busir.ess offlce.
FOR rent— Finert location in Oakland to open
grocery Ftoro. LATMANCE & CO.. 460 Eighth
tt.. Oakland. .
$:C0 WILL buy a nlc? little restaurant and
coffee parlor: rent $15. paid to April 1. Ap-
rily at 7t« Polk ft. -• . ¦ -
FOR SALE— Restaurant: S3iO; cheap rent; liv-
ing rooms. Box 23S6, Call office. ¦
ELECTRIC business for sale cheap: parties go-
Ing north. Cox S<SO. Call offlce.
PLANING mill in this city for sale. F. GEIER.
Market end Polcr?3 st.
$C0 CAPITAL wins $100 per week at races. In-
formation LYONS, 921 Market et.. room 4.
LARGE inside route on this pap»r for sale.
Arply Business offlce. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. .200 Flllmore st.
l.ODGING-IIOLSES FOll SALE.
ATTKNTION. SELLERS!
Lift your house, store, ea'ocn. city or country
r»»al estate or business place with me. I will
advertise free. 1 want no contract. DECKER,
10 Xarket bt.. cpp. Fifth; phone Mint 796.
16 HOOMS: corner; f.ne for transient $10C0
3:-rocm hcure: clears $200 l^Cw
1U rooms on Eddy Ft., n»ar Market M>0
14 roams on Third st.. near Market 5jjO
14 rooms on MlSflon st »9"
4t> rooms; rent JtiO; clears $130 10C0
2J looms north of Market; clears $200 2CCO
¦Jl rocmn; Just furnished; very fine 2S00
:» rooms en Geary st. ; clears $125 1900
44 roo:r.s> iK*ltively the best: clears J300.. C000
1 will lufniyh money enj you buy for cash.
Sj-room house: clears t&CO 6PO0
£'3-r>Kim boarding hou?e: clears I600 iOCO
8-room flat; sunny side "00
6-room flat; very good 323
4 vacant houses to rent.
EW other houseii. 3 to 700 rooms, price $100 to
- S2U.0G0: abstract furnished fr»e with every
house sold. H. C. DECKER. 10C0 Market st-,
opposite Fifth: phone Mint 75^
MRS. A. CAMERON. S.V» Market st. roomsjt.
22, ?3 (formerly with Marion Griffin. 719 Mar-
ket St.), will be pl-ased to have old and new
customers coll and select houses from large
lift of bargains; also to list houses or busi-
ngs chances of any kind they may have to
sell; ere s.;*»clal lt<=t of bargains.
10-r.K.m fiat, en O'Farrell: modern; rent S35;
pT-ice $7."C; good furniture and carpets; elegant
9-room flat, on Geary; 9-room flat. Eddy; 7-
rooni flat, en Kills; all elegant and modern.
12 rooms : rent JCO; price ITjO; residence; fine
yard; eood furniture and carpets. s
4S itjoms; rent ?175; price $1600; in business
center; pays well. •
21 rooms; rent $121; price reduced to $900; a
sacrifice; hardwood furniture; hair mat-
tressee.
36 rooms: corner; 5 entrances: rent JSO; price
rei'.ur«d to $X:0 If solJ at once; two houses.
14 rooms; Van Ness ave. ; $1000; rent $60,
velvet carpets; JCOO down, balance time; no
interest.
SHE OUR LIST OF 200* HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sires and prices:
60 rooms, close in, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new. clean, clears $oO 900
14 rooms, eiinny corner, good condition 1000
SO rfx-ms. all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments - SOO
Vacant house* furnished -
¦We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S.".O Market.
WINSTON _ WOLF.
lcro Market st. Telephone Mint 1391.
C1 rooms; rent $110. $2."C0!l2 rooms; snap 4400
77 rooms; rent $50.. gr/v'is rooms; bargain.... 800
53 rooms; rent $G0.. 1200,10 rooms; piano ."CO
."S rooms; rent %~A.. 900! 7 rorai (flat) 32.)
Hrt rooms; rent S123. lS*,0il0 rooms; only 275
26 rooms: rent HI.. £00(14 rooms: one floor... 600
35 rooms; r«nt $115. 2200:17 rooms: 6th St., 900
40 rorms: rent $S0.. 1900llO-room flat 730
Select Your House From Largest List In Town.
8 rooms; excellent value $300
14 room?; a genuine bargain 300
23 rooms; well furnished; close in 1CC0
22 rooms: always full: nice location 1CC0
44. 76 and 1?5 rocmed houws.
Soe our special bargain list before buying:
¦we lend half the purchase money at lowest
rates. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market
LODGING-HOUSES, bcardlng-houses and h->
tele, to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed;
I am established since 1SSC; I loan money to
buyer?; general satisfaction gwuranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEK1URD,
Phone Mint Ell.
Ronns 1. 2. No. 917 Market at., opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO.. 10J2 Market St.: telephone UDt).
45 rooms, north of Market, only ..$1600
15 rooms; Hyle: v<«ry finely furnished 600
20 rooms; rent $30; location desirable 900
If a bargain — ? have them at any price.
..north cr south cf Market st. s
MARION GRIFFIN.
713 Market St.. by Call bldg.: tel. Black 1SC3.
I have for sale 47S loOg ing-houses. Please call
#>t my offlc* nnd grt free list: will furnish
you money If you haven't enough.
<JALL and s<*e our list of bargains In houses;
v.e have them In any part of the city and at
*ny price. EUREKA RKAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth et.
19 WELL furnished rooms on Sixth St., near
Howard: always full; terms: $751 for cash,
$;00. balance time on mortgage; going Alas-
ka. Box 2T.21, Call offlce.
fl7r<v— 4S ROOMS: fine locution: well furnished:
all rented; low rent. 15ASILE. 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR pale— A 6-room furnished house;- nice
home; rent ?£>. 161 S Bush et.
?SOC — Hay-window house. IS rms.. good furniture;
always full; rent $44; bargain. S34 Folsom Bt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Week'.y
Call. 1C pagos, sent to any address In the
ITnlted States cr Canada one year for Jl.
TTOPtaee paid.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED-Thf celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tents, calling- your name. the.
name of the one you love and the name of the"
cue you will marry; the' only medium In ths
world so sure of his occult power that he'
will Kive o\-cry person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
stamps for. answers. 1SS2 Market st., op. 7th.
AFTER a severe Illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. ths
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths',
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Refid.rno signs). 513 Eddy, bet Hyde. Larkln.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium. I!f» Teader. medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings. XI. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough, Ellis car.
JOHN SLATER'S circle to-night. 8:15; slt-
ting's. 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton st., near Green-
wich. ' , _^^
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; articles
read; 10c; trance prophetic read., $1. 148 6th.
C. V. IIILLER'S materializing seance, 8 p.
m., 59c. 10S1 Bush et.
SWAN'S grand test meeting to-night: 613 Jones
Et. ; admission 10c.
DR. Maur-ey. Eastern occult scientist and Hin-
doo palmist: names given. 1 7th. cor. .Markt.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. - Room 14, 205 .Larkin st.
MRS. LESTER— Readings Me; circles every eve
ex. Fat.. 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C." J.
MeyeK; sitting* dally: tasts to all to-nlght:ino.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SANDERS. 1130 M_ ket St., the world'*
greatest clalnoyant; ten questions answered
for $1. One man asked her ten questions
and made $1000; another sold 3CC0 chares of
oil stock; another sold a hotel; another "got
a $U00 position ; a mother found a lost daugh-
ter: a widow married a rich , lawyer. ,1 can
answer eny question: I tell you whatsto do
for a living; name the winning horses; give
lucky numbers: unite the separated; find lost
property: reveal your enemies: teach mind
vibration, to that you can reach persons
hundreds t>f miles away; t«-ad ypur hands,
face, head and Innermost thoughts. Call or
enclose lock of hair and stamped .envelope.
Mediums developed.
MME. M. BERNARD, ~" ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and buslneis medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur la the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
lie, love or business troubles. _ consult . this
great medium and you will be told bow to
uveroo— ie them. . Valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 23c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
_RS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket «t.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms : 2S
and 26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by inall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with tpeclal terms. Dally and Sunday."
MME. ARNDT." the great clairvoyant - tells
l»ast and future; n»ver fails; has the great-
est Egyptian secret ;' shows picture of future
husband or wife; fees 25c up; satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 21S>A Sixth ; Et
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located ms Market op.'
<th; private rc«1lng» dally. 10 a. m. to S p. m. .
MME. LAROSE. best claln'Oyant. card reader
test medium- 25c up. 47t Stevenson st.,cor.Gth!
MRS. MELVILL.' well-known clairvoyant, water
reeder. 11 6th; German spoken Uel.Iloward 1846.
CLAUtVOVAXTS—Coat lnaeri. ;
M1IE. POUTER, wonderful clalcvoyant & card
» reader, born . with - double .".veil — second sight:
<lia;rno>-ea riiseane with life reading: Indies 50o,
tents Jl: palm. ; and rlalr. Fit. $1 60. 125 Turk.
VIRGINIA.- clairvoyant, palmist;, advice oSall
affairs of life; business, love", mining, iaw-
ruits. 2CV4 Kearny, r. 5, 6; lira 10 to 12, 1 to 7.
MME. EEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader. 23c. 7. Seventh St.
M.MK. pt;H.»FKKR olairA-ovant. oanl reader.
!*ltt«!»™ dairy.' 4IR^ .Tpf<sl<> Ft., bet. Eth & 6th.
MME.- A VG t'ST. clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 2r»c. 1149 Mission.
l!M*-\ H.WKNN'A. r»adw life fluently: business
»rt'-«r<»: rpro"" eiven; JSc un.j f. Fourth - St.
CAIU'F.T MKATIXO AM) CLE.AXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing \% T orks. 3T..--357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40:
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVKNS. mgr.. SS-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cloaneil at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Klghth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHF.LL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth et.: tel.' Mission 74.'
ADVANCE Carppt-Cleanlnjr Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. atain r94. GEO. XVALCOM. Proprietor.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-Heatinsr Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 12G.
CHIROPODISTS. 1 ]
CORNS, bunlcns, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
Malns; painless cure. 'Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
¦ ' COLLECTION OKPICES.
G EORC. E^wTlcETiLTTA^ncy^No "chargTun^
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
j DEXTISTS. '
AT the ELF.CTRb'DENTA^LCLfNICrSOolaar^
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
ha^ <? your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without r>Iat.s our specialty; gofd crowns,
$3 50 up; plate?, extractions free, $4 50. up; of-
flre hours. S a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no student?; advice free; prices
cheapest and cu a ranted; lady attendants.
»H. GKORGE W. LEEK. 80 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
f.Oc; plates, $.">: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MarketTrirriEleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates an;
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $S per set; extracting. 50c: gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 9C3
Mission St., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate 1 work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
METER. « Turk— Painless ex.; vitalized air;
crowns; bridgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. \Bush—
Full set of teeth. ?4; crowns. %Z; fillings. 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary. nr.Larkin— Pain-
lees extraction S0c;p)ates $3 up;phone Polk 11 35.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1CC1 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. II. O.
YOUNG.. 1341 Polk st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
If. pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
nUESSMAKEKS AM) SEAMSTRKSSES
OPENING day spring millinery of McDowell
School. Friday. March 22. 1013 Market 8t.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention, ill Poet, over O'Connor & MofTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYHES' nusiness College, 723 jTarkeT^t!^?>ay
and evening: JS per month; $30 life scholarship
cuarar.te*-s a complete business education. In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.;. positions se-
cured tor graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert J\
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S mrSlNESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, . typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, Enfrlish branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineerinc. etc. ; day
and night srs^ionF; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THR LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges ; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phekin building, i
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tlnns guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl-
tlons to all lta graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., r mlning,mech.,sur-
vcy, araay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. -Van
' der Nail!?n School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FITLL course In Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. . San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners/business
college craduates"; bookkeeping: flgures; short
time. TAi'.n. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
tj-j-lns, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: imiivid. Instruction; catalogue.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. DeFllippe'sAcademy
of Languagp?,3^0Post:estab'd lS71;abiest profs.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin,
gultnr; experienced. 1C08 Mission St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINOTOVs DAY and
ILLUS1 RATION— night clays. 424 Pine st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any nddr?ss in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOVMEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Offlce and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; t»I. Larkin 2331
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all Kinds;
cooks, waiters nnd house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135. .
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2G0L
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 104S Sutter; tel. East 233. ,
RELIAnLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. S15 Stockton; Main 518S.
ORPIISUM Employment Offlce— Japanesa. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office —
Best help. 526 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce—
.Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
E M I>LOY» E > T WASTED VE 31 A__.
RESPECTABLE German lady, good cook,
wishes position as housekeeper, city or coun-
try. Call 6S-76 Ellis st.,' room 53, between 1
and 3 o'clock.
YOUNG' German girl wishes position as sec-
,ond work In private family. 1022 Larkin St.;
phone Larkin 1S61.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes ¦ situation
¦ private family; first-class references: 1022
Larkin St. , ¦
RELIABLE girl wishes place to do gen-ral
housework in American ramily; wages $20.
Call at 1212 Scott Ft. - - ¦ : . ..
COMPETENT nurse wishes the full charge ol
'infant: best of clty« references. Address box
23>4. Call office. _______
DRESSMAKER Just arrived from New Tork
wishes engagement" In family by the day,
$1 £0. Apply to Dressmaker, EGS Mission et.
YOUNG lady from the East wishes a position
as housekeeper - or dressmaker In a' refined
family. 1178 East Fifteenth • St.. . Oakland. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 GO per night j $1 50 to J6
week; convenient and respectable; free' 'bus
and baggage to and from, ferry. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Ca!l branch offlce. 2200 Fillmorc st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has "been established at 1038
Valencia 'ft.".-. • . ' ....
EilPLOYMEXT, WANTED--MALE.
A RESPECTABLE ; elderly man wants light
¦ >. employment; . offlce • or - other; make ; himself
useful; any occupation; wages no object; good
references. A. B.. box/ 2534, Call offlce. ;. .'
YOUNG man; stenographer and typewriter and
. general offlce j work: • good at figures; city or
country; moderate salary. Box 2582,: Call. ';..-'
BARKEEPER desires position; best of refer-
ences. Address G. B., 610 Geary st., tel.
Larkln 1705. ,\ . ,
YOUNG married man wishes work of any lclnd;
experienced ' packer; best of references. - Ad-
.' drers' 720 BryantBt. •-'..:-_.. >
BARBER, first claes, wants steady Job In flret-
class oountry shop. 'Address box 2525, Call.'.
INDUSTRIOUS gentUman, - German, sober,
wishes situation to take full charge, of a gen-
, tlcman's > residence < cr to} attend an ; Invalid;
best of references.' A. : B.. 1132 Fiymore BCj,
AN- Industrious r, young :>' man from \j the East
would like situation around country hotel, or
j-anch; understands' caring of horses and car-
riages. Box 2317, . Call, v ¦ ,' ; - . .
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wants a position
. In family. G. S.. 140S Pine st.' >
_^ PLOYM EXT WAXTBD— MALE.' ,
SALESMAN. 25. commanding German. French
: anrt .- English, traveled It years , calling ¦ on
. paint, -drug and manufacturing trade, .wants
• 1'oaltlon with mercantile* • or manufacturing
'concern only; highest credentials. Box 2505,
Call of flce.-ftaaqtf— y*qjl»m \\\\\ 11 m|i MVi liPHll I W
.WANTED— By! a retiring hqtei-keeper,' aged
40, a Fituation as interpreter In - a hotel on
the Pacific? Coa?t; speaks all languages; best
of references. Sterling, care U.S. Consulate,
Shanghai. .. ; . .
A SOBER, industrious married man wants e— i-
' ployment' as ' salesman, solicitor,'" collector,
porter or night watchman; 30 -years in this
city; good reference and bond. If required.
Address J. A.B.. box 2439. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS landscape and florist; 3 years in
last place as head gardener; good recom-
mendation. Box 2503. Ca)l office. ; • '' - : .':¦'¦
EXPERIENCED operator and retoucher de-
sires better position p familiar with bromide
enlarging. Box 2507, Call office.
YOUNG married man "desires position as bar-
tender; city or country. Address B. B.. S31
Harrison st. ¦ % <>JSSS(nstBBBtHSBtltUtlUOBB
A" COOK wants a' situation for the country:
understands 'baking, bjead. 1301 Santa Clara
ave.. Alanv?ua. .
GOOD cook wants a situation in hotel or res-
taurant; city or country. 62 Second, room 31.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. -
FEATHER PILLOWS.
.HOTKLS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by thr latejt sanitary process may address
--*-TT^r> -nr-fnnV. 244 Pfvn—p ft.
PLATS TO LET.
$11-UPPER flat, 3 -large sunny rooms,- base-
ment. 123 San Jose ave.. between Twenty-
thlrd and Twenty-fourth sts.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat for rent; fuml-
ture for sale. 1C4S Ellis st.
LOWER flat of 6 rooms to adults, $25. 1611
Waller st; .-• ¦ •/
SACRAMENTO. 1261— Flat of 3 rooms; sen,
arate entrance; rent $12 50. .-
SUNNY 7 rooms and bath; tinted; sanitary
plumbing; moderate rent. 937 Hayes at.
KLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Nicely f urnlsh~ed~fiaT^)r~^aircot-
tage north Market st.; sunny; responsible
young couple only. Box 2526, Call offlce.
WANTED— Sunny flat or cottage of four
rooms; rent $15. Address box B. 300 Hayes.
FURlVITUnE FOll SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $43 GO, with Na 1
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
.»¦>,.„. „_.. ..,__... .... j .-,-.-_,-._ . _,
Auctioneer— L. Vlneent.1305 Larkin: tel.Polk 694;
. furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse.. etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co. 240 Stockton at.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. .store. 1114 Mission.
1O receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie. i61.- ¦
A.. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
• price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
UELP WASTED — FE3IALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone, Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ./....
50 waitresses for springs, commercial and city
hotels, $20 to $23 and fare paid..
Restaurant - waitress. $6 week: restaurant
waitresses, hours 11 until 2, $4 50 a week; 2
lunch waitresses, 50c; 2 chambermaids to
wait, same hotel, city, $20; woman for scrub-
bing by the day, $1; woman to assist with
care of children, institution, $20
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT....:......
Ranch cook to cook for about 17 men. $25: see
party here; good plain cook for small family,
$25: cooks, house girls, aecond girls, nurse
girls, city and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 1C4 Geary ft.
A— FIRST-CLASS cook. German style, small
family, $35; 2 neat children nurses. $20
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.,
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. Main 1575
..'...........HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waltrf-sses, different commercial hotels. $25. !
fares paid; 9 waitresses, commercial hotels
$20 and $22 50. many fares paid: 7 waitresses,
city. $20; 2 lunch waitresses, $3. no Sunday
work: chambermaid, country, $20. fare paid;
chambermaid.' first class resort. $20; cham-
. bermald, country, $15. fare paid; Scandinav-
ian chambermaid, country. $20,' fare paid;
young Rirl to learn hotel work, country, $15.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Experienced nurse, / baby 5 months old, $23;
second girl, country, $20, very choice place,
see lady here.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. .335 Geary st.
WANTED— A young lady to teach simple
arlthme;ic one hour In evening, and for
which: service receive Instruction In short-
hand, bookkeeping, penmanship, etc.. In a
first-class school: a good opportunity for a
yo-jng lady. Box 2533, Call offlce.
WANTED— A reliable girl or woman for gen-
eral housework and cocking for man, wife
"and baby, $15. Call Saturday, 472 Page St..
from 9 to 12; references.
WANTED— Operators on women's wrappers;
steady work; good pay. MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market st. • < ¦
GIRL to take care of two children arid assist
with upstairs work; wages $15.- Call' fore-
noon. 729 Turk st. >
WANTED— A few experienced operators and-* a
limited number for instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory. Gough and Grove Bts.
WANTED--A young girl to assist In taking j
care of a" child. Apply at 2022 Broderick St.,
in the morning. . , , •
IMPROVER nt dressmaking. JOE ROSEN-
BERG, 11 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on suits and
silk waists. A. CAILLEAU, ,114 Kearnyy st. i
WANTED— MRS. GEBAUER, formerly MRS. i
TELLER. Call or^ address 2516 Nineteenth st. j
Experienced operator on underskirts; steam
power; good pay. A. AARON. 579 Mission st.
WANTED—A capable young woman to care
for children. Box 2331, Call offlce.
WANTED — 2 good waitresses, German pre-
ferred. 426 Geary, St. - ¦ .. .
WANTED-^Gtrl to wait at table; small res-
taurant. . 52 Eighth at. - -
IMPROVER and apprentice wanted for dress-
making. 1213 Webster st.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
good pay. S. F. Mfg. Co.; 409A Turk st.
WANTED— Waist and skirt hands; steady po-
¦ sition. 1022 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS fitter on ladles* cloaks; steady
position. 1022 Market st.
WOMAN • for . housework and cooking: sleep
home; references: $20. Box 2537. Call office.
WANTED— Girl for waiting and second work.
Apply; with references 2440 Pacific ave.'
GIRL for errands and some housework. Apply
632 McAllister- st. , '- <^,
GIRL mind' two children; $5 a month. Call
3 to 6, 1322 Montgomery at. : . .
WANTED— A girl to assist in housework and
take care of baby. 984 Folsom 8t.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home"
623 Halght at. '...-. . . : -
GIRI-S wanted to new shirts; .good class of
work; good pay; steady employment guaran-
teed; a few inexperienced taught. Apply
THE L.-ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battfry.st.
WANTED— Girl .for 5 general ' housework; no
washing. -$15. city; one .woman , to ' solicit.
Call at 1O73V4 ' Market et.. room 2. ':.
SMALL girl to assist with light housework. 264
• Sa'n Carlos , ave., ' bet.' Mission and Valencia,
• off. Nineteenth. . . . .
APPRENTICES and blocker In millinery ttore
at G92 McAllister Et. ...
"WANTED— Young girl ; assist in housework ;
wages $13.' 529 San Bruno ave., ' cor. , 18th ' st.
GOOD flnlshervpn pants'; steady work; good
pay. 009 Kearny ; et., : room 1. ,- .,
GIRLS wanted at United States. Laundry, Six-
- teenth . and ¦ Valencia sts.
LADY to take charge of vest shop. H. 'HILP'
¦106 Battery st. . 'V '.' ¦>-
SEWERS 'for cording, sunbonnets.7 scoops,
• . skirts, etc. ;: take 'work home. H." FRIE--
LANDER. 338 Fell ' at.- . "
PANTS finishers wanted by S.' . N. WOOD . &
; ': CO. Apply at factory,* 27 Geary stA ;• v .; y -
¦ WOMAN of fair, education by, wholesale house.
-.Box 2428.. Call: office. , ; ' '•'¦'<";¦. :.-¦',' •-'--.'.'¦'-:.¦¦'
.WA NTED— First-class finisher on* pants ; high-
est pay and steady - work."-- 104 Kearny st. ,
GIRL ' for/ general V housework ; ' plain » cooking ;
? 'small family; wages $15. .'• 1401A : Scott st. ~; -.-
OPERATORS en shirts and overs'.!*; lnexperl-
- enced Instructed. 410 Mission . st. •¦ . ;
GIRLS wanted :bookblndery. 636 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at - Call , branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A' BRANCH offlce for. Call advertisements and
• subscriptions »- has been established at 1098
.Valencia st. - . B_3HS_k9__BHM
' HELP WANTED-. MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 183
| /WANTED FOR RAILROAD WORK.'
¦or drillers, tunnel work.... ....$2 60
- I.*> muckers, R. R; tunnel .'. . U W
Free fare. Los Angeles Co. Free fare.
10 teamsters, Ventura Co. .
- Apply with blankets
_ between 7 and 8 this -morning. •
Free fare. Free fare.
10 milkers, different counties. »26 to $30; 2
mllkets, same ranch.-fare 50c, $30, see. boss
¦ here; 3 milkers, same ranch,. $26; 6 Swiss
milkers, $20 and *30; blacksmith, country,
UO; 3 plasterers, {4 a day.
' Hotel Department.
2 French-Swiss cooks, $G0 and »65: 3 broil-
ers and - fry cooks, $50 to $60: • 5 restaurant
waiters, south, Jll a week and fare paid; 6
., hotel '.waiters, $30, 335; ,3 bellboys, $10 and
• 115; extra bellboy, country, $1 a day.
. 2 neat . omnibuses, country hotel, $25 and
free fare. . • '
i 2 neat young men to -cany off dishes, hotel
dlning-roojn, country, $25 and free fare; Ty-
ler Ironer, $60 and $40; marker and distribu-
ter, J40. - , . ,
-' Colored waiter, country hotel, $23. '--.i
* C. R. HANSEN •& CQ 104 Geary st.
AN electrical engineer who can run alternat-
¦ Ing system. for.R. R: tunnel: $50 and found;
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.'. 104
Geary st. . ¦ •
A— MURRAY & READY ....Phone Main 5S1S
.'........634-636 Clay Street
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
8 Burlelch drillers for a gold mine,. $75 and
found, fare paid, see boss here.
4 miners, single hand ........'.. $60
2 drillers $60
14 laborers, no experience required, to work
around a mine. $34 and found; youn? man to
drive delivery wagon, $35: driver for bakery
wagon, $40 and found ; canwasher, run separa-
tor, city milk depot. • $30 and found; black-
smith's helper, ranch, $30 and found; black-
smith, country shop, $2 50 day; harness-maker,
country shop; 2 milkers, Santa'Clara Co.. $35
and found: 11 cooks, 13 waiters, dishwashers
and kitchen hands; for other positions read
the bulletin boards at our offlce.
MURRAY & READY., 634-636 Clay at.
A— WANTED. ""^ -.
Experienced grocery wagon driver, city, $10
a week; milk .wagon driver, city. $30 and
found; 2 coopers. Black work. $35 and found;
t farmers, near city. $26 and board; milker,
Marln County, $30; kitchen hand for ranch.
$20; 2 woodchoppers, San Mateo Co.. tools
and grub advanced: hostler, livery stable.
$20 mid found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st.
A— WANTED— Walter to take charge of of-
flcers' dining-room in Institution near city:
• $25; board, lodging and laundry. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay st. / - ,
WANTED— The employing public to call at
1073'/4 Market St.. Pacific Coast Employment
Agency, for reliable -help. Do you want a
• good servant, cook, chambermaid, nurse, gov-
erness, amanuensis, housekeeper, maid, maid
of all Work, reader, coachman, gardener, farm
hand, special help? We will furnish you with
help. Call to-day, register your want. We
furnish reliable help; ring us up: tel. How-
ard 1626;. call or write. 1073% Market. S. F.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third St.. phone
Red 31 — 3 ' quarrymen, $175 per day; 4 labor-
ers, $175: men ¦. for ranch and vineyard, $1
per day and board; gang of men for mill
and woods: men to make redwood ties, pests
ami pickets, woodchoppers, etc.; errand boy.
$3 SO per week; carriage painter for country.
SECOND cook, small restaurant. $7 to $8,
light place: elevator boy who lives with
parents, 1 $5 a week and increase. MRS. M.
E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 11.
Bellboy, club. ?25; waiter, near city, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS.-Secretary. \
WANTED for U. S. Army^Able-bodied un-
— tarried men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
service In Philippines. For Information apply
; to Recruiting Officer," 121 New Montgomery
st., San Francisco, Cal. \. '
IilGHT harness-makers wanted: also cutters on
kay, strap, coupe and carriage work; good
wages: steady work for good mechanics. Ad-
dress SEATTLE HARNESS & SADDLERY
CO. Seattle. Wagh. . . y
SOBER, steady, reliable German as driver for
bakery: good wage?: only one who has suffi-
cient experience and Is well recommended
| need apply. Box 2528, Call offlce.
AN Industrious and strong boy, one who resides
at home. German or American preferred, to
learn . manufacturing business: call 8 a. m.
ALTA SPAP CO.. 109-111 Oregon st.
IMMEDIATELY— 2 experienced solicitors; fair
salary: must be of good address;- for Saturday
Evening Post. 59 Columbian building..
WANTED— Furniture salesman who under-
stands furniture business thoroughly: no in-
experienced men need apply- Box 2515. Call.
TEN waiters for Mechanics' Pavilion masquer-
ade, Saturday. night. Apply GEO. GRAHAM.
B&loon. Clay and Davis, from 2 to 4 to-day.
WANTED — Trustworthy man as partner; $150
month; $450 required. LUNDIN & CO.. 906
Market st. •
A STRONO young man with $250 can make
from $65 to $75 per month; references. Box
2204, Call office. Oakland.
COATMAKER wanted. A. RUSH, 31 Market
street.- .
TWO coatmakers for the country. J. ' BAUM-
GARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Six coatmakcrs. male, at Presidio,
near guard house. WILKOWSKY.
BUSHELMAN wanted: good wages. PAUSOX
& CO.. 200' Kearny st.
WANTED— Wax thread operator. WENT-
WORTH-SWITZER. 26 Main st.
COOK for restaurant. Ocean Beach; good
home; easy work; $20. Bqx 2535. Call offlce.
WANTED— Good waiter at 123 Sixth st.
STEADY man with {200 cash can make $73
month year around. 209 Kearny St., room 1.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 126 Geary st.
BARBERS— 3-chair shop ; for sale cheap. 1424
Polk Bt. .
THREE . first-class carpenters wanted; bring
tools ready for work. 1728 Stelner si.
TWO strong boys for metal rooflng. Inquire
at CRONAN'S Cornice Works. 30 Eighth st.
WANTED — Lunch waiter. 605 Montgomery st.
BOY wanted. Apply California Photo-Engrav-
Ing Co.. 513 Market st.
¦WANTED— First-class cook. ¦ 29 Stockton st.
BARBERS— For sale, 15c shop; good business
and sood location. Box 2527, Call office.
2-CII AIR barber *hop for sale cheap; In Peta-
luma. Address D. WHITE, Petaluma, Cal.
TAILORS wanted by S. N. WOOD & CO.;
good wages. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
WANTED — By a large financial' concern young
man under 20 years of ase: must write a
rapid business hand, ' quick and accurate ; at
flgure3 and : have n, practical knowledge of
bookkeeping; highest references required; per-
manent position If suitable. .'Address In own
handwriting "Financial." box 2393. Call office.
WANTED— Active,' elderly,' steady married man
without children who understands managing
• small chicken ranch ; pay $15. Address box
2520. Call office. ; . .'
FIRST-CLASS short order and dinner cook for
hotel In -Nevada; wages $60 per month to be-
gin with. Address box 2308, Call office.
.WANTFD — Young man to keep accounts in
factory. California Electrical Works, W. E.
ELLIOTT, Secretary.
WANTED— Young man to learn, cigar making:
4 to 6 weeks required: steady work and good
¦ pay when learned; tuition $25. 247 Fifth st.
BARBERS, attention!— A good 15c shop to sell
' cheap; must be sold this week. Inquire at 117
Turk at.- •¦--'-.¦'-.'" ¦¦- V. '--.:: '•-¦¦ . ¦-,-. ¦. . ¦
2-CII AIR barber shop for sale; doing good busi-
ness; rent $6. Apply to DECKELMAN BROS..
_106 Ellis st. . ,-, .-.- -.¦-. .
MEN OR WOMEN
............ Paid Big - Commissions ...;:v.'.~~"
IITICA . CLEANSING COMPOUND : COM-
PANY. 21 Spear St.
WANTED-^Laborers and mechanics * to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
, runs Denver House, 217 , Third st. ; U50 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS all Invited to call and see the latest
Improved revolving: chair, called the "Auto-
back" ; lt'a a corker. STOLTZ'S new . head-
¦ quarters. 723 Market St.; first Jloor up.'. ' .-;.; -j.
STRONG boy wanted to keep store clean; hours
7 . a. nv to 9 , p. m. ; i wages $3 per week ; state
where previously employed. »; Box 2441,- Call.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand ; shoes for sale; 50c up; drummers*, sam-
' pies . and slightly : damaged shoes. >.. 241 , Third.'
DISTRIBUTER wanted at United States Laun-
dry, Sixteenth ; and '.Valencia : Bts. ._;• . ¦ :
WANTED— 1C00 men to try best 10c A 15c meals
' ¦>¦ in city. 410* Kearny st.'.The, Maine Restaurant.
ALL stzes men's show, slightly damaged, half
, price. 562 Mission st.y. bet. Island 3d stg.
WANTED— Delivery man In grocery: take care
of horses. .Address box 2521. Call of flce.yy^ :? a
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply. S. N. WOOD &
CO..; 718 Market st. : . • > .
WANTED-^Reliable young. man with $50 cash-
$30 menth.- board;; no experience. • 496 Fourth.
2 UNION? cabinet makers r wanted at TOMP-
¦ •; KINS r- FAVARE'S. 210 ' Spear Bt. : ; " ;
.WANTED— Trimming '' cutter ¦ on v - shoes." . RO-
: SENTHAL,;FEDER & CO... 134 Main St.
HELP WASTED-- MALE— Con.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade In . two . months, saving- two years:
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness, and convenience."
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap imitations.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.;
no barroom ' chairs used In this college.
GET your shoos half-soled while waiting; 23c
' to 50c. 562 Mission , st^ bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A first-class home bread baker; ref-
erencea. 1217 Valencia at.
WANTED — Experienced ladles' tailor; p«r— la-
nent ; good pay. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
YOUNG man about 20 years old to clerk In
grocery. Address Call Agent. Berkeley.
FOR sale cheap — Two-chair shop, doing $35 per
week. 3S4 Sixth st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 13c and
20c. Boston House. 92Q. Howard st.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world.y HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
"WINCHESTER House. « Third St.. nAr Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms ; free
'bus and baggage, to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advert!sements>»and subscriptions
received at Call branch of net. 2200 Fillmorcst.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia «t.
HOUSES AXD WACOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horee Market.
327 Sixth iSt. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
. M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A — 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons.
carts, buggies, surreys, hjorses. 1140 Folsom.
FOR SALE-Well bred trotting stallion cheap.
Apply S622 Sacramento st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy.
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No 1 express wagon, single. al»o light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSE.V & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICELY furnished house,- 9 rooms and bath;
will rent furnished or unfurnished; reason-
able. 1625 Post st.
LOST A."VD FODXD.
LOST— Probably on either Geary or Flllmore
Bt. cars, a watch. Tiffany. No. 10.980. with
chatelaine and ornaments attached. A liberal
reward will be paid for return of same to
101 Mcntgomery st.
IX)ST— 2 female bulldogs; one Is white, the
other one has a black eye: name on collar.
Lulu Bullar. Reward at 288 Surrey at.. Glen
Park.
LOST— Brown Great Dane. Reward, paid, by
returning to DELLUOMINI. 301 Hayes/«t.
FOUND— A bicycle. Apply 1556 Turk st.
Wanted— Old gold for manui^rturlng. O. Nolte
Jeweler. 248 C'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
MATRIMo"xiAlI
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
J»IATTHrc<*SEX AM) (JPIlOLSTKltY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: teL^SoutbTfs?
to order -or renovated, feather and hair
steamed; expert carpet cleaning; strictly re-
liable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
PR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 122S Market, ladles'
Fpeclallsts; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb r'med*, a rellabl*
treatment superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same c"ay; those wishing to.treal them-
selves should send for ths Hindoo HerbsIIome
Treatment; harmless; consultation free/^
MRS. DR. WYETH.' reliable specialist; 25 yrsi.*
successful practice; Ruaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Pott. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. POPPER— Newly improved genuine regu-
lator can only be had at my offlce: for all
female complaints; beware of Imitations; can
be sent; 37 years' experience. 323 Kearny rt.
MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market-Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
well known: Implicit confidence; reliable.
CS. KOHL, ladies* specialist, removed from 937
Market st. to 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to HIS Market St..
bet. Taylor and Msson: ladies' nr>oriall«t.
MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
WANTED— Willing man" with"$100 as partner
to work gold gravel mine thl3 State. Ad-
dress X. Y. Z.. Dlmond. Alameda Co.. Cal.
MINES bought and sold; also stocks In mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tilton. rms.
475-476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.: 10-12: 1-3.
MISCELLAXEOUS FOn SALE.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counter*. :
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
- have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand; ;
32 complete "outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. j
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. :
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BOILERS, engines, 2<3-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1S7 Fremont st.
FOR sale— 10 h. p. engine and boiler, Vock
" crusher and 6C0-gallon sprinkler. Apply Mount
Olivet Cemetery, near Colraa.
VERY, cheap— Awning 12 feet Ions. Apply 1714!4
: Howar.d St.. near Thirteenth.
CANARY birds, males arid females; also Har-
zer rollers. At LOHMANN'S. 316S Sixteenth.
2D-HAND steam, cas, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 516 Mission.
FOR SALE— Six months' scholarship In short-
hand, typewriting and Enslish In California
Business College; cheap. Address box L,
Madera, Cal.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
A-15 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE, 129 Beale st.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam. )
Apply at «6 California st.
F*OR SALE— 270 acres redwood -timber, cheap;
good mill site. Box 2509. Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Billiard table In good condition.
Apply at 1551 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale cheap— 7 hives bees. 3710 Baker st
Gasoline or distillate engines. ¦ new „ 2d-hand-
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. E6 Bluiome.
FOR sale at a bargain; fine yacht 32 feet l&ng
(complete). W. H. CAMPBELL. Sausallto.
TYPEWRITERS. M-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. 3c M. ALEXANDgR. 110 Montg*y.
FIRST-CLASS eecond-hand modern engines anJ
bollera bought and sold. KROOII MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC • and j magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery gt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
' MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tureg. BTJLLARP & BRECK. 131 Poat at.
SAFES— New and eecond-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-1U Market at.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pontage paid. -
. MISCELLAXEOUS AVAXTS.
FIRST or second class ticket to New York;
terms. ' L. BANE, . 119 Third st.
LIGHT 18-foot rowboat. varnished. Call or ad-
dress H. F. PERNAU. 543 Clay St.. S. F.
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dles' ; L gents^clothing J 134 : J>thj_^
SECOND-HAND steam, eas and electric ma-
chlnery wanted. 204 Mission St.. near Main.
A^MONEY" to loan at rates which people can
afford- to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
- not borrow*, of ypur friends or you will lose
their -friendship; do business with strangers
' and you will be better satisfied ; no delay ; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9C6 Market gt.
and" you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 ¦ Market st. Loans ©n estatea In probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc. '¦''¦-
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mnrtraces' ani securities. Room 15/ 1st floor.
- Chronicle building. HALLORAX & QLBEx!
31, on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
,.„ commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MOXEYTO LOA5.
» ANT amount at 8%: first, 2d and M'mort-
: Kag-es. undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
i lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
I St.; tel. Main 16«. Branch 13 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc..' by private
party; no removal: no commission; confMcn-
• tlal. • Room 3. Conservatory bldg.'. 301 Jones.
, MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old* gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: .no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 63.
LOANS, lat or 2d f mtgs: city, country. 8%. undl-
vlded Ints. ; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO... 321 Parrott building.
J100.CCO TO loan on real estate, or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
CASH loane>1 to salaried people on nota without
lndoraer. MORRELL. 6*39 Examiner building.
TO salaried peopla without collateral or lr.-
doraer. a F. Discount Agency, m Phalan bis*
MO.M1V WASTED.
WANTEI>^_oan~|600 " at ' 2 per cent month;
good security. Pox 2502. Call office.
. MUSICAL IXSTUCMEXTS.
ANT perse n having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Ca's with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway defw n. Priv-
ilege ¦ given to exchange medium and low*
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $S cash and
{6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos at S3. M nft-.l *". per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
corner Eroadway and Thirteenth st.. OaJc-
| land.
W_ have a few real bargains to offer to-day;
some gqod squares at %~~t and upward: a fine
second-hand Decker & Son upright and any
number of new Deckers. Pcckarils, Smith Sk
Barnes and Baumeisters at low prices. It
you want to pay cash we will accommodato
you. and If you prefer payments you'll find
us Just as willing. MAUVAIJ MUSIC CO..
769 Market St. •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west, of ChJ-^ro is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other, musical Instruments of all (grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
> customer.
A STORAGE auction piano sale; 21 fine planes.
just removed from storage room and placed
on sale; offers wanted to force them out.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st
SO UPRIGHTS, all makes; $75 up; rented and
rent allowed: Hallet & Davis agency. HEINE
PIANO CO..' 217 Geary st.
A FEW new pianos for tlZO; second-
hand from »0. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. Chickering and Vose agency.
PIANO; fine upright: 3 pedals; a real snap:
$115. 1259 Mission st.
A 3- PEDAL upright piano: also furniture: sac-
rifice; leaving city. 321 Golden Gate ave.
J73— FINE Hallet & Davis; cost I6C0; for •_«
on $5 installments. 1413 Post st.
SMALL upright piano for sale; In good con.il-
tion. 156 Second st.. San Francisco.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. J15S up: rents and
easy payments. KLARE, 2206 Flllmore »t.
A BARGAIN— Good upright piano; guaranteed
for 5 years. Call IS P^rtlett st. ¦
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabe and others. I5RUENN, t)S Post st.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; mii'tV s<rld. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hard—tan. Ccn-
over and others. Wiley D. Allen Co.. 314 Poat.
BARGAIN — Must be sold; nice upright piano
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grar.d upright cheep: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and'Spellman pianos. SOS Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 9C3 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own prie«?. Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, ol-i and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A~D STOUKS TO LET.
LARGE elegant store; cement basement: 933
# Valencia «., near 21st; will make any neces-
•ary alteratlsns of front or Interior to suit
good tenant.
OIL. ~
JOSEPH B. TOPI.ITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
FOR sal*— From first hands. 3200 Al oil land.
Audress box 2522. Call.
PAIXTEKS AXD DECORATOH3.
¦ ¦¦....¦¦., ....¦..» ¦...-¦¦.. . . -... . , M . ia
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath. SOS Sixth; open evenings.
ROOMS papered from 13 up: city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 3D 3d st ; tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLJ. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor ft., bet. Geary nni Post: f 1. PUick 5*1.
PATE5TS AXD FE.XSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless) successful.
CEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
Stoddard's Celebrated Plasters, a positive cur»
tcr all ailment* of the flesh, nerves or mus-
cles, prepared and sold only by MRS N.
STODDARD. main offlce 11S7 Geary st.. nr.
Franklin; 'phone East 233. Branch office 1313 "
Market, opp. Van Ness ave. References-^-Hor-
ace Platt. attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are baM. call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary st.. ajid you
will not be disappointed: this remedy is post,
tlvely guaranteed; call or send for circular.
ALL kinds of bamboo fancy work to order
HORISHIMA & CO.. 2*3 Ellis; tel. Red 1363.
I'RIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
A— J3 10 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. *V>; dress pants, tZ 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery Bt.
$1 WEEKLY; suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $3> up; ele-
gant overcoats. 113 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 70O rooms:
25c to $1TO per night; $1 SO to SS per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdressinsr. hair work, man-
icuring- private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE, 1704 Market, bet. Potk and Van Nets.
JAMES' Detective Bureau. 127 Montgomery St..
room a; phone Bush 2S»: charges reasonable.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market st, nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wigs; s
country order3. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. ~_t Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and. moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1113 Sutter st.
ER. LAMOTTE'S French Com Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
balr to Its n.uural color; Jl: at all druggists.
___• £hresologv.
ca lderwood^'piirenological par-
LORS. 1130 Market st. (adjoining Owl Dm?
Store) are tha finest on the coast. Examtna-
I tlons dally. The science 'aught by mall In
a few lessons for a few dollars.
PHYSICIANS AXD SLHGEO.XS.
DR. C. C. O*DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
102Hfr Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
1»R. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats, all diseases of the human body: sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason. nr f Ellis.
HEAL fciSTA-TK ClTt— KUK SALE.
MODERN cottages and fiata built; reasonahlo;
plans furnished. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
builder; office- 1323 Market st.
9-ROOM house and lot for sale; cheap; owner
leaving America. ' 1623 Post st. <
FOR the best locatfl lots In Richmond and tha
cheapest call on W. J. Guni>. 520 California.
FOR sale — 5 lots and imp. : ?10CO rash or Ions
. time. Address box 2511. Call office. '
IK you have lots to fell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 533 California st.
. REAL i ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— Within ICO miles of SaflTFranclsccf
improved farms; price not to exceed JGCOO- ««
have cash buyers. A. M. SPECK A CO * 487
Mark it st.. San .Francisco. 'the Board of Supervisors to set aside the
sum of 1300,000 ln the next tax budget' for
the erection of four echoolhouses. It Is
proposed to build one each ln - ths Rich
mond, Noe Valley, Mission and South San.
Francisco district ' should ' the ; Supervisors
grant the petition by levying a tax for the
purposes Indicated. Two of the buildings
are to replace : the Monroe and ¦:• Burnett
schools, > which are sadly dilapidated." The
money will also be used to build four ad
ditional rooms to the Dudley Stone School.
For current expenses the School Board
will request an appropriation of $1,200,000,
which Is an increase of 540,000 : over , the
present year's figures. The board expects
to receive some $25,000 from the State, | and
in that event an eight-room structure of
wood will .be built in', the Richmond dis
trict to, replace the Sutro School...,;. ,:•;
MAY BTJII/I> . FOTTO .
NEW SCHOOL HOUSES
Board of Education Will Petition Su
pervisors for Appropriation '' :
for That Purpose.
Tho Board of. Education will petition
¦ Causes the Town/to Exeperi
ence a Boom.
An agreement was formed last night
between Manager, Kruttachnitt of ; tho
Southern Pacific Railroad and the Sacra
mento | Chamber; of Commerce by virtue
of •which Fair Oaks, which Is situated In
the '.valley.: of the'; American River, four
teen miles from the capital city I will have
within the next thirty days railroad con
nection with the outside world by way of
Salisbury.. The contract provides that
two trains shall be run both ways each
day, that, the Sacramento Chamber of
Commerce ; shall i: furnish all ¦ railroad i ties
and grading from Salisbury to Fair Oaks
and that the property • owners shall ; see
that the road pays operating expenses for
the next three years. It is expected that
the ¦? road '.•¦;¦ will be : : completed within a
month. ; * ¦¦„ ¦.'¦ ; " ¦¦.¦-.•¦ .•¦¦-.¦ ; .-
The Southern- Pacific Company was in
duced to enter, Into the agreement for the
accommodation ; of " a number, : of million
aires ' from Chicago, who have construct
ed'' palatial country - residences ¦. at • Pair
Oaks.'. : Delighted iwith the picturesque
scenery " about'- tho '< town, 1 . they . bought up
the available: land of the vicinity :.< and
formed s themselves - Into a colony- under
the name of the ."Chicago Fair. Oaks ¦¦As
sociation.'' ;Thelr i advent has ; caused the
towni to experience ¦¦ a : boom, ;; and it 1 is
thought that In the near future more mer
chants from Chicago will- join the colony.
FAIR OAKS SECURES
i'X^', RATLKOAD CONTTECTION
Advent of Millionaire Merchants
Not TJp to the Usual Mark, Many
Well-Known Artists Not Being
Represented.
The forty-third spring exhibition at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art opened last
evening with a reception to members of
the Art Association. A musical pro
gramme •was rendered under the direction
of Henry Heyman, and was much enjoyed
by those present.
With this exhibition a new plan will be
inaugurated. The principal exhibition of
the year has before been held in the au
tumn, but It has been decided, in conse
quence of contiguity of dates with the
winter exhibition of the Bohemian Club,
to make the spring event the important
artistic function of the, year at the Hop
kins Institute. The fall exhibition will in
the future be confined to the slitrwing of
pastels, watercolors and specimens of the
various black, and white mediums.
Tho exhibition Is not quite up to the
usual mark in point of Interest, many
well-known names, including. those of A.
L. Matthews, C. J. DIckman, R. Lang
try Partlngton, H. Stuart Fonda, Evelyn
McCormick, T. Welch and others, being
unrepresented. The exhibition Is also
smaller than usual and the pictures ex
hibited are comparatively unimportant in
point of size and subject. There is a con
siderable dearth also in the domain of
portraiture.
Mary Curtis Richardson has two charm-
Ing pastels, the head of a child and a
brilliant little/portrait of a lady, than
which is nothing better In the exhibition. ,
William Keith is represented by three im
portant landscapes. Theodore Wores has
a portrait of W. Greer Harrison and an
ambitious Japanese figure subject. B.
M. Robin'son has a true and subtle bit of
color in a view of the Golden Gate.
Eugene Cadenasso has three. landscapes,
one of considerable Interest, though hard
ly up to the high level which this artist
has lately set for himself. Annie Frances
Brlggs has some charming Dutch water
colors,, pleasing in composition and strong
in color. . '
J. A. Stanton shows some specimens of a
now process of color etching, one of which
has the rich and pleasant ton© of old en
graving, plus the color. C. P. Nellson
shows some Monterey sketches; L. P.
Latimer, an ambitious landscape; Sara B.
Gamble, the portrait of a lady; J. J.
Baumgartnor, a couple of watercolors, dis
tinguished by various kinds of unworth;
J. M. Campbell, a landscape with cows,
and Clara Curtis three* large watercolor
sketches.
Lucia K. Matthews has a clever child
portrait and a number of charming llttio
landscape and genre subjects and Louise
Schwamm has a good collection of
sketches. • •"¦.-.•¦•-
G. F. P. Plazzonl has a richly toned
studio subject and a distinctively Gallic
landscape. The three H. C. Best Hand
scapes show marked advance, and C.
Chapel Judson's "Reflection" is a strong
color study. . ¦
SPRING EXHIBITION AT •
HOPKINS ART INSTITUTE
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Domenlco Bradaslch and Bozo Raddlch to Pe
ter Svetlnlsh, undivided half of lot on N line
of Fulton street, 110 E of Laguna, E 27:6 by N
120: $1000.
Slglsmund, Joseph, Iaadore and Philip Kron
berg and Rosie Heller (wife of C. L. Heller) to
Annie Kronberg, lot on N line of Turk street,
110:6 W of Pierce, W 23 by N 137:6, quitclaim
deed; W.
Annie Kronberg to Lillie N. Duncombe (wlfa
of W. S.), same; 15000.
Frank and Catherine Maxson to Joseph B.
Clark, lot on S line of Bush street, C3 E of
Broderick, E 21 by S 88: $2000.
Stefano Rovecno to Hector- B. Zambelll, lot
on S line of Fifteenth street, 175 W of Sharon,
W 8%- inches, SW 39:6, S 74M, E 80:9, N 100;
also lot on SE line of Market street, 39:6 SW
of Fifteenth, S 74:4. W 2:8%, N 63:6»4, NE 9:114;
J10OO.
Henry J. Oliver to Jennie Oliver, lot on B line
of Hampshire street, 194 S of Twentieth, S 25 by
E 100; gift.
Frederick Wegener to Dora Lelsen, lot be
ginning 58:7 K of Hyde street and 137:6 t: of
Lombard. K 10:2 by S 60:yJ10.
Henry J. Drewes'to EJriedrich Drewes, undi
vided fifth of following: Lot on- W . line of
Church street, 28 S of Twenty- ninth. S 25 by W
80; also lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street,
35 E of Fclsom, E 25 by N 75; also lot on SW
corner of Folsom and Army streets, W 100 by
S 25; $10.
Walter N.; Jackson to Fasquale Previati, lot
on E line of Salmon street, 97:6 S of Broadway,
S 20 by E 60; $1000.
"William H. Norton to Kate Norton, lot on
W line of Leavcnworth street, 89:5 S of Geary,
S 48:1 by W 68:9: gift.
'Annette Tausslg (widow of Louis) to Alice F.
Mltau, lot on SW line of Main street, 275 SE
of Market. SE 45:10 by SW 137:6; also lot on S
line of California street, CS:6 E of Buchanan,
K 24 by S 137:6; also lots 1, 2. 23 and 24, block
618, tide lands: also all interest in blocks 820
and 597, tide lands; also property ln Oakland,
Alaiceda County; $1000. *
Daniel Buckley to Anna Wunsche, lot on SB
line of Stevenson street, 275 SW of Third, SW
20 by SE 70. quitclaim deed: $1.
Albion S. Perley to Matilda H. Perley, lot on
SE line of Howard street, 74:5 NE of Moss. NE
25:7, -SE 110, SW 25. NW 10, SW 7 Inches. NW
100; also lot on W line of Dolores street, 255:3?&
N of Sixteenth, S 27:7%, SW 290:3*4, N 27:6ft,
NE 291: gift.
Annie J. and John T. O'Donnell to Kathryn
G. McQuaide, lot on W line of Third avenue,
275 S of Lake street, S 25 by W 120; tlOOO.
Albert Meyer to Louis Llpman, lot on E line'
of Twentieth avenue, 150 N of I street, N 75 by
E 120; $2500.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
Edwin A. Turner, lot on W line of Eleventh
avenue, 187:6 S of H street, S 37:6 by W 120;
$2000.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Vestlna Hogan (wife of Michael), lot on E line
of Eleventh avenue, 275 N of O street, X 25 by
E 120; $500.
Phebe A. and William R. Hearst to Carl G.
Larsen, lot on NE corner of Eighteenth avenue
and V street, N 444:1. E to Seventeenth avenue,
S 450:10. W 240: grant.
Ellen and Nicholas C. Welnholz to Frederica
A. Kuhls, lots 16 and 17. block 1, Holly Park,
quitclaim deed: ?10.
Frederick A. and Johann'etta Kuhls to Mary
A. Thompson, Fame; $3000.
Martha E. Blake to J. W. Wright & Sons' In
vestment Company, lot on E line of county
road, 150 N of Persia avenue, N 25 by E 86:3,
block 3, Excelsior Homestead; $500.
William G. C. and Emma Meyer to Nannie
A. Meyerfeld (wife of William), lot on S line
of Butter street, £0 W of Larkln, W 22:6 by
S 70; $10.
Estate of Amelia V. R. Plxley (by J. F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executors)
to Eustace CUllnan, lot on E line of Stelner
street, 125. S of Union, S 25, E 127:6, N 13:8,
W 8:9. N 12:6, W 118:9; $1300. .
Louis and Maria Hoeckele to Sosa r. de Scott,
lot on S line of Page street, 127:3*4 ,W of Ba
ker, W 60 by S 137:6: $5000.
Frank Morton to Frank Winchester, lot on
8 line of Clay street, 187:6 W of Maple, W S
by 8 127:8*4:. $500. '
Mary M. Cox to same, lot on S line of Clay
street. iS7:t W of Maple, W 60. by S 127:8*4:
$3000. ' ... -
Theodore Enderle to Bertha Enderle, lot on
NB corner of Twenty-second and Castro
streets, E 105 by N61:«; gift <
Eugene Jr., Edward and Thomas B. Kelly,
Paul Fuller, Daniel F. Sullivan (as executors
and trustees • estate of Eugene Kelly) to Or
vllle D. Baldwin, lot on . BE corner of Mont
gomery and Sacramento streets, S 42 by E
«8:9: $41,500.
* William F. MeAlester to Edouaxd Labor
dette, lot on N line of Commercial street, 137:8
E of Dupont, E 20 by N 60; $10,000.
Wilbur G. Zelgler (administrator of estate
Of Ann Comerford, by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Antonio Busalacchi, lot on 8 line
of Bay street, 22:11 W of Mason, W 22:11 by
S 60;- $1400. - ¦ - ,-- r
Levl M. Kellogg to James H. and Ellen M.
Doran, lot on NW, line of Natoma street, 308:6
SW of First, BW 25 by NW 75; $4000.
Hans' Ravn to M.:A. C. Christensen, lot on
S corner of Stevenson and Fifth streets, SE 25,
SW 75, SE 60, -SW 25,- NW 75. thence 100 to
beginning; $19,000. . • ¦ ¦ ¦ :_¦.
Estate of Calvin F. Fargo (by J. M. Quay
and George Davidson, executors) to * H. R.
Clark, lot •¦ on • SE line of • Folsom street. 92:6
SW of Seventh. SW 37:6 by BE 90; $7000. v
. Joseph and Mary E. Farrell • to • Charles H.
Breslln, lot on W line of < Third avenue, 200
8 of Lake street, 8 60 by W 120 ; f 1600. -.
¦- D. ' W. C. and Emellne D. Gasklll • to Olive
Verkouteren,' lot on NE line of Twentieth ave
nue south. 75 SE of J street. - SE 75 by NE
100 block 389, South San -Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association; $500.
x Alameda County.
¦ ¦ Ervin S. and ' Ada H. Chapman -¦ to Dell C
Woodward : (wife • of F. ' J.), lot on E line of
Filbert street, ' 185.17 S of West Sixteenth. S
BO by ' E • 123, block 691, Galindo Tract, Oak
land; - 11UUU. J "ill* 111' I i **IW W IW 'J ' lift 'I 'tJMIHWT
P. J. and Dell C. Woodward to Clara F.
Spencer (wife of W. M.). same, Oakland; $7300.
V A. A. i and Jennie 1/ Williamson to Mary F.
Marston (widow).- all Interest ln lot on N lin«
of East Twenty-first street, 423 E of Twenty
first avenue; N 140. W 36. < 8 140, E J6 to begin
ning. East Oakland; $2000/ ; ¦ . =-
; - A7 F. ¦-¦ Cornwall to J." Dalziel Brown, all in
terest ln lot on NW corner of .Third and Oak
streets. W 300 by-N-200. being entire block 130,
Kellersberger' a ; Map,* Oakland ; • $1000. ; >. ;
• L; O. and Dorcas O. Snow to W. A. Heflln
ger. l lot beginning ¦' at a ; point ' 25S.13 - E . from
E , line of I Market street and ' 139 :6 N • from N
line of Thirty-eighth, W 60,: S 139:6, E 50 to
beginning. Oakland; $10. •• .
¦Louisa Jung < to . Nellie B. Bernand, lot on'N
line of Weat Tenth street, 63:S W of Cypress,
SAN JOSE, March 21.— San Jos© will
celebrate the opening of the Coast road
with a banquet at the Hotel Vendome
Monday evening, April 1, at which Presi
dent Hays will meet the business men of
this city and representatives of the com
mercial bodies ln the towns along the lino
as far south as Santa Barbara. The event
is to be held under the auspices of the
Improvement Club. An Invitation to at
tend - was given President Hays to-day,
and he accepted.
Coast Road Celebration.
All these roads but the four latter had
representatives at to-day's meeting. The
meeting of the representatives of the au
ditors la being held in the Her Grand
Hotel and will probably last over Friday.
To-day the rules, as they havo been de
vised by the general passenger agents,
were taken up and dlscused ln detail.
Fourteen roads are in the proposed asso
ciation, as follows: The Atchison, Burling
ton and Missouri River, St.. Paul and
Omaha, Colorado and Southern (except
north and west of Denver) ; Fremont, Elk
horn and Northwestern, Hannibal and St.
Joseph, Kansas City, St. Joseph and Coun
cil Bluffs; St. Ixiuis, Keokuk and North
western; Union Pacific, Gulf, Colorado
and Santa Fe; St. Joseph and Grand
Island, St. Louis and San Francisco and
Denver and Rio Grande. «
OMAHA, March JB.-r^Representatlves of
ten railroads operating In the territory
tributary to Omaha "are in session in
Omaha arranging the details for the new
Passenger Association, which Is designed
to Include fourteen railroads ln this ter
ritory. , The men here are the represen
tatives' of the auditors and they are pro
viding for the handling of the joint ac
counts which will arise with the estab
lishment of the association. Thi3 new as
sociation has asked the Western Passen
ger Association to take it ln ag^ a branch.
Should the reply be ln the negative it will
ask for admittance in the Southwestern
or Transcontinental Association. Should
it be refused by all it Is said it will become
independent. • ¦ . •
Some opposition to it was expected be
cause of a plan it has for a new mileage
system, to which the other associations
object. This plan is that script books
will be sold, the paper of which will be
exchanged for tickets at any of the ticket
offices in the association's territory-
Would Then Sell Travellers Script-
Books, the Paper of < Which.
Would Be Exchanged for
¦ Tickets, r
Propose to v Join Fourteen
Systems in the Passen
ger Association.
RAILWAY MEN
MEET AT OMAHA
"The' Messlnas weighed forty-six
ounces; the weight of the pulp, seed and
rind was thirty-three ounces and tho
weight of the Juice was thirteen ounces.
The seeds numbered 185. The percentage
of the weight of Juice in the California
dozen was 3C and of the Messina dozen
28.3. Taking this test as a basis, a box
of California lemons would weigh 450
ounces avoirdupois and the Juice would
contain 26.64 ounces' of crystallized citric
acid. The* box of Messinas would weigh
325 ounces and the juice would contain 19.7
ounces of crystallized citric acid.
"Another test of California lemons and
of Messinas took place in January last at
Cleveland, the chemists being Benton,
Myers & Co. There were 300 Messinas and
300 * .California lemons. The Messinas
weighed seventy-one pounds five and a
half ounces and the Califomias seventy
seven pounds six and a half ounces. The
free acid in the Messinas weighed two
pounds three and a half ounces and in the
Oallfornias three pounds three ounces.
This made the percentage of free acid in
the Messinas 3.11 and ln the Califomias
4.12. Then. the Sicily lemon dealer had an
analysis made in which he claimed that
the percentage of citric acid in 300 Mes
sina lemons was 8.58 and in the Callfor
nias only 6.5S. He undoubtedly realizes
the death struggle that the Messinas are
about to have, and is doing his best."
"The Messina lemons have been beaten
twice in fair chemical tests by the Cali
fornia fruit and there is no reason to ex
pect anything but victory for California
in any unprejudiced trial. The present
situation grows. out of an advertisement
that an importer of Messina lemons pub
lished some months ago, in which he set
forth that California lemons had little or
no citric acid, very little Juice, and were
comparatively worthless. After that ap
peared, a test was made of Messina and
California lemons, by Stlllwell & Glad
ding, chemists, at New York. The show
ing was strongly in favor of California.
Twelve Messina and twelve California
lemons were the basis of the test, these
being of the size of 300 to the box. The
twelve California lemons weighed fifty
ounces. The seeds and rind and pulp
weighed thirty-two ounces and the Juice
weighed eighteen ounces. The total num
ber of seeds was forty.
The fruit dealers of this city say that
the Eastern man who has ?500 to hazard
on the outcomo of any fair test will not
havo to wait lohg to find out "where he
Is at." B. N. Kowley, who has been keep
ing a close watch of the progress of the
California lemon, said yesterday:
A very Interesting event Is ahead. The
Italian Chamber of Commerce of New-
York and the Fruit Buyers' Union of New
York are about to have a chemical analy
sis made of Sicily and California Iemon3
to determine which variety . ha3 the
greater percentage of citric acid, and
which is the superior. Some individual la
making the offer In behalf of the Sicily
lomon growers to give any one $500 who
can show that the California lemons are
superior. The truth of the matter is that
the California lemons have taken away
the trade territory of the Eastern States,
west of the Alleghanies, on 'their merits,
from the Sicilians, and the rival citrus
fruits are now engaged ln a death strug
gle for the mastery of the field on the At
lantic seaboard, which Is the only fight
ing ground left in the United States for
the Sicilian fruit.
Coast Product, Having Crowded Out
Sicilians From Country West of
Alleghanies, Importers In
vite Another Test. " • "
Mcssinas Fighting Hard to
Chick Forward March
of Califomias,
WAR OF LEMONS
ON TO THE DEATH
Fabian S. Jocst (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), architect Henry Geilfuss—Exca
vation, brick, carpenter, mill and stair work,
glazing, plastering, tinning and roofing for a
2-story and basement frame structure on lot on
NW corner of Twenty-sixth street and Lilac
alley, W 73 iy N 65; J5144.
Charles F. Doehrlng (owner) with A. H.
:WHhelm (contractor), architects John & Zlm
mermann—All work except painting, plumbing
and gasflttlng for a 2-story and attlo frame
building on lot on N line of Halght street. 37:6
E of Scott, E 25 by N 70; $3768.
H. E. Law (owner) with Nlehans Bros.
Company (contractors), architect "Albert But
ton — Interior hardwood finish, except hardwood
floors, dining-room mantel and guest room man
tel, for a 2-story attic and easement frame
building on lot on NE corner of Van Ness
avenue and Vallejo- street, N 67:8, E 27, S
7:6. E 35. S 60, W 62; $3600..
Builders' Contracts.
•Mrs. T. Rivers and Mrs. E. Kibbe (owners)
with J. S. Stratton (contractor), architect T.
J. Welsh— Shoring, supporting old building,
digging trenches for underpinning and putting
ln and maintaining of same. etc.. for a 3
story acd basement brick building on lot on
N line of Market street. »S:6 "W of Kearny. N
CO. E 30:5, S 28, W 38:6; $1300.
German Savings and Loan Society to Minnie
Rolder (widow), lot on B line of Peralta street,
80 8 of Ninth. S 30 by E 100, block 534, official
map. Oakland; $2250.
Oscar. M, Chrlstofersen (by C. K. Marshall,
commissioner) to Ora It. Bates, subdivision 2
ln lot SS, Glen 'Echo Tract, Map 3, being a
resubdlvislon of lots 10, 16, 13. 23, 29, 35 to
SS. Glen Echo Tract, Map 2. Oakland; $1493.
Karl H. Nickel to Marie J. and Lilla Touch
ard, lots 10 and 11, block B. Terminal Tract,
Piedmont. Oakland Township; $3500.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to John
Doubleday,. lot 214, in plat 35. Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township: $129.
| Robert F. and Mary L. Bucknam to Mar
guerite Muncey, lot 21. block C, Map of Ade
line Tract. Berkeley; $500. '
Charles P. and Mary E. Hoag to Harriet W.
Clark, lot on | NW corner of Berkeley way' and
Grant Btreet, N 125 by W 100; also lot on SW
corner of Grant and Bristol streets, W 60 by
S 125, being a portion of range 5, Hardy Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
John C. and Charity L. Rogers to Myron B.
Horsford, all Interest ln lot on N line of Wool- |
sey street, 297 W of Shattuck avenue, W 47
by N 100, being lot 14, block H, Amended Map
Portion of Newbury Tract, Berkeley: $2500.
Harriet W. Clark to Ernest A. Glrvln. lot
on S line of Bristol street. 90:11 E of Grant,
D 9:1, S 125, N 1*5 to beginning, being a por
tlon of lot 32, on Map of Ranges, lots I and
4, Hardy Tract, Berkeley; $- — .
Lizzie C. and Sewell Salisbury to Julia A.
Bettys, lot on N line of Bancroft way, 180.17
W of Milvia street, W 40 by N 134.64, being
lot 25, block 5, Shattuck Tract. Map 2. Berke
ley; rift.
Lilly H. and T. L. Boone to Horace T>. Irwln.
all interest ln lot 3, block A, map of subdivi
sion of S portion of Harmon Tract,, subject to
mortgage. Berkeley; $3000.
W. H. and Frances MacKinnon to James V.
Embury, lot on E line of Adeline street. 275
S of Thirty-sixth, 8 25 by E 123, being the S
25 feet of lot 4, block 6S2, official map, Oak
land; $500.
Horace D. and Carrie M. Irwin to Lilly H.
Boone (wife 'of T. L.), all interest ln lot on
SE corner of Mason and Ellis streets, 8 55 by
E 120, portion lands Regent-street Homestead
Association,- Berkeley; $10.
Sarah A. McKee to Charles L. Kellenberger,
all Interest in lot on E line of Union street.
179:6 N- of Tenth, N 31 by E 133:3, Oakland;
$2000.
L. M. Goff to Abble H. Goff. lot on W lln<?
of Filbert street, 136 N from the Encinal line.
N 50 by W 125. being lots 6 and 7, map of
Wenslnger Tract, Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Filbert
Btreet, 61 N from the Endnal line, N 37:6 by
W 125, being lot 3 and S half of lot 4. Wen
singer Tract. Oakland: gift.
Sonoma Lumber Company to Elijah Griffith,
lot on W line of Market street. 209:7% S of
Twenty-first, S 60 by W 125, being lots 9 and
10. map of subdivided Wall Tract, Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $5. : ¦
Jeremiah D. and Nellie F. Hunt to same,
same, Oakland: t£00.
Richard C. Potts (single) to M. Rlnehart.
all interest in the W B0 feet of lot 28. block
B, map of lands of Oakland View Homestead,
portion Walsworth 100-Acre Tract. Oakland:
11000.
Henry Rogers (as trustee of trust cre
ated by Catharine M. Garcelon, April 21.
1901.) to Charles H. Hopkins, lot on NE corner
of Twelfth and Filbert streets. N 114:8 by E
100. lots 14 and 15. block 570. Oakland: grant.
L. M. Goff to Abble H. Goff, lot on W cor
ner of Twelfth avenue and East Sixteenth
street, SW B0 by NW 100. block 67, Clinton,
East Oakland: gift.
S. F. Morrill to J. H. T. Watkinson. all in
terest ln lots 23. 27 and 20. map of. Piedmont
Tract, Oakland Township: $14." 2.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Ade
laide A. James (widow), lot 16 In plat 39.
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Township;
$30.
Mary C. Barker (wife of J. U) to Valeria
A. Lester, Hot on S line of Parker street, 3S2.15
W of Grove, W 40 by S 130, block G, map of
Crystal Springs Tract, Berkeley, quitclaim
deed; ?10.
L. M. Goff to Abble H. Goff. lot on SE cor
ner of Mason and King streets. E 120 by S
75:3, lot 41. block S. lands of Regent Home
stead Association. Berkeley: gift.
Henry A. and Christine S. Pleitner to Kate
Marlon (wife of John), lots 1 to 8 and 37. on
map ' of Pleitner Heights Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $1500.
Abner I. and Ada J. Lowell to Charles A.
Mohrhardt, lot on S line of Durant avenue.
295 W of Dana street, W B by 8 130. being
the W 6 feet of N half of lot 3. block 13 Map
of College Homestead Association, Berkeley;
$200.
J. G. Klumpke to Margaret E. Evans, lots
5. 6, 7, 18 to 20, block D, Map of property of
Berkeley Homestead Association, quitclaim
deed, Berkeley: tlO.
William M. Funko to William M. S. Funke.
all Interest ln lots 12 and 13, block R, Amend
ed Map Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township; $500.
Mary L. Schneider (widow) to John Rlxzo.
lot beginning at a point 125 NW from NW cor
ner of Dean and Castro streets. NW SO by SW
150, town of Haywards, Eden Township: $— .
Margaret E. and George Blanchard to
Charles C. Echlln, all interest in lot 24, Map
of Belllna Tract, Haywards, subject to mort
gage, Eden Township: $10.
Agnes Moir to James Molr. all Interest In
lot on E line of Kennedy street. 125 8 of Fred
erick. S 75 by B 125. lots 3S to 40, block A.
Camden Twenty-third Avenue Tract, East Oak
land; $500.
Catherine McGee. as executrix of estate of
James McGee, too James Doran. lot 6 and N
16 feet of lot 7, block 1. McGee Tract. Berke
ley; *»o.
W 33:4 by N 100, block 558, Eighth-street Tract.
Oakland: sift.
Adelaide M. Palra to Harry B. and Hannah
Kotz, lot on S line of Fourth street. 187:6 E of
Harrison, E 37:6 by S 100, block 3VKellersber
ger's Map, Oakland; $2000.
Beverly Letcher to Exum P. Lewis, begin
ning at station 18 ln middle of Panoramic way.
thence along center of said way SE 100 feet
to station 17, thence SE 150 to station 15.
thence SE 50 feet to station 14, thence NW 50
feet to station 13, thence NW 100 to station IX
thence NW 100 to station 11. thence NW 93.10.
thence leaving said way NE 156.97 feet to be
ginning-, portion of University Terrace, Berke
ley; J1000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1901.
11
PROPOSALS for mineral oil.— 36 New Mont-
fS,*? er X st - San Francisco, Cal.. March 20.
1SRJL Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m., April 20,
1801, end then opened for furnishing and
storing here 150.000 gallons Mineral Oil, 130°
nash test, ln cases of two nve-Kallon cans
each. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) and such preference given
to articles of American production and man-
ufacture produced on the Pacific Coast to the
extent of the consumption required by tho
public Ken-ice there. The United States re-
eerves the right to accept or reject any or all
proposals or any part thereof. Information
and blank proposals furnished on application,
envelopes will be endoisid "Proposals for
Mineral Oil." and addressed Major OSCAR
*. LONG, Quartermaster. U. S. Army. Depot
Q«art<rmaster.
PROPOSALS.
BORN.
NTJLLMEYER-In this city. March IS. 1801. to
the wife of Fred Nullmeyer. a son.
RAUSCH— In this city, February 26, 1301. to
the wife of Gustave Rausch, a eon.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS — MARIQAGES — DEATHS.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Carl Cnienbere. 23, Alameda. and May
Bloom, 24. city.
Louis Bloch, 25. ir,20 O'Farrell street, and
Amelia Davis, 23. 2423 Sutter street.
John A. Dickie, 23, Alameda, and Elizabeth
J. Gillies, 21. 1202 Leavenworth street.
Herman Goldstein. 24, 526 Fulton street, and
Eva Salomon, IS, 46 Valparaiso street.
John G. Dack. K. 307 Fourth street, and
Florence M. Wilson. 18. 313 Fourth street.
Young Foy. 33. C06 Jackson street, and Yook
L<?n. £9. 606 Jackson street.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
MARRIED.
LOTTER- NIELSEN— In this city. March 20.
1901. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Edward Lot-
ter and Carrie Nielsen.
MARCH 11. ltCl— I have this day sold my In-
terest in the undertaking business of. CHAS.
J. B. METZLER to H. METZLER. and am
not responsible for any outstanding debts.
CHAS, L. MEJTZLER,
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.
The undertaking business of the lateCHAS.
J. B. METZLER will . hereafter be conducted
under the same firm name of CHAd. J. b.
METZLER, at 63« Washington st. Ban Fran-
cisco, by H. METZLER. proprietor.
San Francisco, Cal., March 11. 190L
Telephone South 252. Ban Francisco,
No Connection With Any Other House.
Eugene McGinn. ' McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Jl EDDY STREtr.
MeAVOY d) CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALHER3,
123) Market st. between 8th and 8th.
Telephone South 247. .
(Successor to Flannasran & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
rrjNEBAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.- •
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leare Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Eocal
- Daily. Dally- Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:13 a ........
** Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:33 p S:05 a .......
" Hanford 4:22 p 1:27 p 7:W a
• •• Vlfalia . 4:10 p 4:l6 p 4M5 a ........
•• Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:W p 5:05 a ........
" Bksfield 1:50 p B:20 p 7:39 a ........
" Kan. Cty ......... »:« a 7:30 a ........
\" ' Chicago f 2:15 p 9:00 p ........
a for mornlnr. P for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to . Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor*
responding train arrives at 5:33 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspood-
lng train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.' Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
730 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
' at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a.-m. dally.
Of flees— «il Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; HIS Broadway, Oak-
land. ' I _____._..
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SoumIIU F«rry. . .
' Commencing September 30, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:55. •9:15. 11:00 a. m.. «1:45.
3:15,4:00. 5:15. •6:15. 6:40 p. re
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael* on' Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days At 9:00 and 11:33 p. in. •**&&345fef
SUNDAYS-»S:00, •10:00, »ll:J0 a. m., • liO,
3:15, '4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p.m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:20. •C:30. ¦ 7:45. 9:30 a. a.,
12:30, 1:45, ¦•3:W. 4:80, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA .TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. »8:00. • n0:00. ¦ ni:45 a. ? m..*
•1:40. •z:15.. 4:45. »»:ZO p. m.
•Trains marked (•) start from San Qnentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI8CO..
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, «:45, 7:S5. 9 JO a. m.,
12:35. 2:10.' 3:30, 4:54. 6:20 p. m. ¦- . .¦ : ,- ;
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
.SUNDAYS— 8:05,, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 1:15, 1:30,
6M». «:« P. m. .
. ; THROUGH TRAINa
6:55 a. m. week . days — Cazadero and . way
stations. - - • - >'.-
- ' 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
¦tations. . ' •¦-.-"¦ •
8:00 a, m. Sundays — Tomales tad -way
¦tations.- -.». ;_ ..
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Croes Cemetery, by 10:40
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
street*.
HARRINGTON— In this city, March 21. 1901.
I^ce Abraham. «on of Robert and Berth*
Harrington, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months and 20 days.
irrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 31S Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Cy^rets Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
DOW — In Oakland, at 680 Thirty-fourth street,
entered Into rest, March Zl, 1901, Augustus,
beloved husband of Mrs. A. Dow, and father
of Mrs. G. M. Stolp and Mrs. E. Yorker, a
native of Newmarket. N. H., aged 76 years.
DUNN— In this city, March 21, 1901, James
Dunn, a native of Ireland, aged 48 years 5
months and 20 days.
EIDENMULLER-In this city. March 20. 1901.
Candida, dearly beloved wife of the late
Henry Eldenmulier. devoted daughter of
J'letro and Maria Castaenetto. and sister of
Mrs. L. Morris and August Castagnetto, a
native of Italy.
E7"Tbe fnneral takes plac© to-morrow (Sat-
urday),' at 10:30 o'clock, from Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high nun will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
ENDERLE— In this city, March 20, 1801, Theo-
dore, beloved husband of Bertha Enderle,
and father of Bertha and Theodora Enderle,
a native of Germany, aged 42 years 5 months
and 6 days.
GARDENER— la the City and County Hospi-
tal, March 2L 1901, William C. Gardener, a
native of California, aged 27 years.
GARDNER— In Oakland. March zl. 190L Ed-
wlna J.. Infant daughtetr of Charles E. and
the late Ida Adelle Gardnsr, a native of
Oakland, Cal., aged 1 year 1 month and 12
days.
HARDNEDY— In this city. March W. M0L
Mary, beloved wife of James Hardnedy, ana
mother of William and Emmett Hardnedy, a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 38 years
and 6 months.
DEAN— In thi3 city, March 20, 1901. Elizabeth
Margaret Clara Dean, beloved wife of James
Dean, a native of Germany, aged 60 years.
Et7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the Palo Alto
Stock Farm, thence to the Catholic Church.
Menlo Park, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 12 o'clock train from
many, aged 53 years 1 month and 27 days.
BENNETT— In this city, March 19, 1901, Infant
son of D. G. and Belle Bennett.
COCHRAN— In Palo Alto, San Mateo County.
March 21, 1901. Charles Cochran, a native of
New Jersey, aged fc8 years.
dra L. and the late John G. Allen, and be-
loved brother of Harry I. Allen and the late
John G. It. Allen, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged 1$ years 5 months and 23 days.
ANDERSON— In Berkeley. March 19. 1S01, Wil-
liam H., beloved husband of Lucy H. An-
derson, father of Mrs. Fred Hackett, and
stepfather of Joseph B. pllmore, a native of
Bath, Me., aced 77 years 7 months and 28
days.
BALKE— In Humboldt, March 17. 1901. Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Ellse Balke.
and beloved father of Herman C. Edward
W. and John E. Balke, a native of Germany,
e red 63 years.
BAUMULLER-In this city. March 20. 1901.
John Baumuller. dearly beloved husband of
FJlsa.beth Baumuller, and father of Eddie.
Allen, youngtst and beloved son of Cassan-
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. S05 Pine street- Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
ALLEN-In this city, March 21. 1301, James D.
ALEXANDER— In this city, March 21, 1901,
Edith Alexander, beloved daughter of Bert
and Oeorpe Alexander, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 7 months and 24 days.
Jorgensen. Charles Vetter. May L.
Kllpatrick. Mary Wilzinski. Frances
Lambert, Hazel Young. George A.
Lavin. Edward H.
DIED.
Alexander. Edith McGrary, Patrick
Allen. James D. Miller, Henry
Anderson. Wm. H. Olds. Myrtle C.
Balke. William Quinn. Thomas
Baumuller. John Keidy, Katie
Bennett (infant) Ridings. Frank H.
Cochran. Charles Rlnes. Dr. Chas. H.
Dean. Elizabeth M.C. Savery, Kate V.
Dow, Aucustus Scully. Edward
Dunn. James Seger, Mervln J.
Eldenmulier, Candida Speck. Franz J.
Enderle. Theodore Stebbins. William D.
Gardener. Wm. C. Story. Llllle
Gardner. Edwlna J. Sullivan. John W.
Hardnedy. Mary Sutton. Fowler
Harrington. I>ee A- Tennis. Jacob K.
tHees, Mrs. Amelia Thompson. Robert
Holland. Alfred N. Tungate. John B.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
or San Francisco. State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Its application for a Judcment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75.397, Dept. 10.
Notice Is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws ot the
fctate of California, and having its office and
Place of business ln the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
Its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: and that Monday, March 2Sth.
1S01. at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
Raid court. Department No. 10, In the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of Bald application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. 1901.
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. Z.Z. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 190L WM. A. DEANE.
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1544 Page street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, where a solemn high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by carriage. Please omit flowers.
WILZINSKI-In this city, March 21, 190L
Frances Wilzinski of Seattle, Wash., beloved
sister of Maria, Virginia, Mark and William
'Wilzinski and Albert - Wilzin, and aunt of
Miriam Goodman, a native of New York.
(Seattle papers please copy.)
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
YOUNG— In this city, March 18, 1901, George
A., beloved son of George W. and Mary A.
Young, and brother of Hobart P., Edna B.,
Irene and Clinton Young, all of Chicago, a
native of Chicago, aged 28 years 8 months
and 19 days. ¦"-¦¦-¦ • -
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, at the
parlors of Albert Brown. 468 Thirteenth
street, Oakland, Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
TUNGATE— In thla city, March 20. 1901, John
B. Tungate, beloved father of George S. and
Dorothy L. Tungate, and brother of Mrs. D,
J. Murphy, a native of London, England,
aged 62 years and 5 months.
(CyFriends are invited to attend the fu-
neral thU day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from
the residence of his sister, 129 Liberty street,
between Twentieth and Twenty-first, Guer-
rero and Dolores. Interment Odd : Fellows'
Cemetery. .,.-.:
VETTER— In this city. March 18, 1901, May
Louise, beloved wife of Fred . J. Vetter,
mother of Louise Caroline. Vetter, daughter
of Margaret Taylor, and sister of Mrs. W. A.
Kemp. Mrs. J. F. Cleary. Mrs. F. J. Sllvey
and W. and S. Taylor, a native of San Fran-
cisco. - * . ¦ •
ICTFi-lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
. Ing narlors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 635
WaBhlnston street.
THOMPSON— In Mountain View, Santa Clara
County, March 20, 1801, Robert Thompson,
formerly of San Pablo, a native of New
York, azed 72 years.
C^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2K27 Sacramento street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
TENNIS— In this city, March 21, 1901, Jacob
K. Tennis, beloved husband of Genevleve
Tennis, and brother of Mrs. Anna Gerrltsen,
a native of Helgoland, aged. £6 years.
E7Remalns at the parlors of James Me-
Menomey & Son, 1057 Mission street, opposite
new Postofflce. Notice of funeral hereafter.
SUTTON— Entered into rest, ln this clty^.
March 21. 1S01. Fowler, beloved husband of
Eliza Sutton, a native of London, England,
aged 80 years and 5 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral this day
(FridarV at 2 o'clock, from Alcazar build-
ing, on > O'Farrell street, where the services
will be held under the auspices of Qermanla
Lodge No. 1718, K. of H., and thence to Odd
Fellows' Cemetery for cremation. Remains
at the parlors of Theo. Dierka, 9S7 Mission
street.
STEBBINS— In this city, March 21, 1901, Wil-
liam D., beloved child of Albert D. and Lil-
lian M. Stebblns, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 9 months and 1 day.
STORY— In Oakland. March 21. 1901. Llllle.
beloved daughter of William R. and Caro-
line Story, and sister of Lizzie, Thomas,
Jessie, Mary and Charles Story, a native of
Volcano, Amador County, Cal.
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 21, 1901. John
\V. Sullivan, son of the late Michael and
Margaret Sullivan, and brother of Joseph
Sullivan, Mrs. M. Welby, Mrs. Annie Hop-
kins and the late Michael Sullivan and Mrs.
Flynn, a native of San Francisco, aged 36
years.
ICT-Remalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Elchth.
S A VERY— In Oakvllle, March 15. 1901, Kate
Victoria, beloved wife of Walter Savery, and
mother of William, Edwin. Fred, Joe. Leila
and Emma Savery, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged Cl years.
SCULLY— la Ausrhnana. Tullamore, Ireland,
February 24, 1901, Edward Scully, father of
Charles B. Scully of San Francisco, agred 78
years.
SEGER— In this city, March 21, 1901, Mervln
J. Seser, beloved son of Henry and Lillian
. Segrer. brother of Adel Seger. and grandson
of Mr. and Mrs. A. Bledenbach. a native of
San Francisco, atred 6 years.
SPECK— In this city, March 20, 1901, Franz
Joseph Speck, beloved husband of the late
Katherlne Speck, and father of Mrs. J. Jar-
' dine, Lena. Olgle and Willie Speck and the
late Frank and Joseph Speck, a native of
Switzerland, aged 69 years 6 months and 8
days.
corner Fremont and Harrison streets, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
REIDY— In this city. Katie Reldy. who was
drowned on the Rio de Janeiro, dearly be-
loved sister of Mrs. J. Flynn and Mrs. J.
Bradley, a native of Knocklopty, County
Tipperary, Ireland. There will be a requiem
high mass for the repose of her soul,
mencing at 9 o'clock, at Mission Dolores
Church, thla day (Friday). Friends and
acquaintances are invited to attend.
RIDINGS— In this city, March 21. 1301. Frank
II., son of William and Josle Ridings, a na-
tive of California, aged 9 years 4 months
and 15 days.
RINES— In this city. March 20. 1901. Dr.
Charles H., beloved husband of Carrie Ma-
thilda Rines, brother of John Rlnes of Seattle,
and twin brother of the late Joshua R.
Rlnes, a native of Nova Scotia, aged* 67 years
10 months and 14 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
(£7 Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Lonjrshoremen's Protective Associa-
tion are respectfully invited to attend tho
funeral Sunday, March 24, at 12:30 o'clock,
from the parlors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Mar-
ket street, between Eighth and Ninth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In the City and County Hospital,
March 20, 1901. Henry Miller, a native of
Germany, aired 59 years.
OLDS— In Oakland, March 21, 1901, Myrtle
Cleo, beloved daughter of "Frank and Minima
Olds, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 8 months and 2 days.
QUINN— In this city. March 20. 1901. Thomas
Qulnn. beloved husband of the late Mary
Qulnn, beloved father of Mrs. N. J. Staud,
and brother of Mrs. Mar*le Nelson, a na-
tive of Swlnford, County Mayo, Ireland, aged
73 years.
EJ'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at h:30 o'clock, from his late
reisider.ee, 1332 Sanchez street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
ma;s will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGRART— In this city, March 19. 1901, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Ellen McGrary. and
stepfather of James E. Collins, a native of
the uarlsh of L'rney, County Tyrone, Ire-
land, aged 33 years. (Philadelphia, Pa., pa-
pers please copy.)
F?"Fri(»nd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parent s, 1491 Valencia street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
LAVIN— In this city, March 20, 1901, Edward
H., beloved son of Edward and Matama
Lavln. and brother of Dora, Willie, Mamie
nnd Mabel Lavin, aged 20 years 4 months
and 12 days.
flence, 1K3 Geary street, thence to 11:30
o'clock train at Third and Townsend streets.
Interment Salem Cemetery.
HESS- In Sacramento, at the home of H. C.
Megerle, Mrs. Amelia Hess, slater of Lisetta
Megerle and Mrs. J. S. McCain.
HOLLAND— In Oakland. March 20. 1901. Al-
fred Newton, beloved husband of Mary Jano
Holland, a native or England, aged 60 years
2 months and S days. A member of Occi-
dental Lodge No. 6, A. O. U. W., and Court
Athens No. £857. A. O. F.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. March 24. at 2 o'clock, at Eiben &
Nor" 8 Hall, corner of Seventh and Peralta
streets, Oakland. Services under the eub-
plees of above-named lodses. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. • ' ¦
JORGENSEN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, March 10, 1901, Charles Jorgensen, a na-
tive of Minnesota, aged 4S years.
KILPA TRICK— In this city. March 19. 1901,
Mary, beloved wife of the late David Kilpat-
rlck. and mother of "William, David, George
and Arthur KilDatrick, Mrs. T. G. Griffin,
Mrs. John Leitch and the late Mary Scadden,
a native of Belfast. Ireland, aged . 68 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
tn?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Fridoy), nt 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 20 Stanford street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland, via the 11
o'clock creek boat.
LAMBERT— In this city, March 20, 1901, Haze!,
beloved daughter of William and Marie Lam-
bert, and sister of Edith, Amy, Nellie and
Will Lambert, a native of California, aged 5
years. ¦ ,.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
\ q c\ c\ a i\/r *
\ THAVS WHEN YOU \
\ LEAVE SAM FRANCISCO ;i!
| ... = jj:
2-15 P M 1
A a 1Y1 * ;;
THIRD DAY THAT'S |i|
WHEN YOU ARRIVE IN \\.
i CHICAGO 0M THE ... \l\
'• CALIFORNIA LIMITED !<:
j OVER THE ijji
| SANTA FE I
nocTiir.ni pavivio conriaT,
(FACirlO SISTKIt.)
Trains !•»*« ana »r*> dux (• nrrlt* at
NAN rilAHt: !«•«'«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
hati — FnoM lURcn H. 1901. — Aitarm
7:0Oa Mwtlnez, San n.vnon,Ya!li«jo. Naps,
C»U»toj» sad. 3»nu Rosa 0:83r
TiSOa Benleia. SuUun, Elmlr*. VacaTiSe,
Ramsey sad Steraoiento 7«33»>
7:30* DstIs, Woodland. Knights Landlaj,
M»rysii:ie. <)ro»ill<\. 7t3.1p
7i30a Atl&ntJo Kxpress— Oiden and East 12:23p
8:00a Nllea, Lltermcre, Tr»cy, Latkron,
Stockton 7:25/
S:SOa Shasta, Express DaTls. William* (tor
Bartlett Sprlnga), Willows. Ked
Blufi. Portland. 7:33r
¦i8Oa Sau Jm«, Litermore, Htockton,
lone, Haeramanto, Flaeerrille,
Marjitille, Chlco. ItoU Bluff 4>S3p
•iSOa O»k iUIc, Chinese. Sonori. Carters... 4t33r
PiOOa Ha j wards. JJilea aod Way Btatiooi. IIiSSa
V:0Oa Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Traey. L*throp, dtoekkon. Merced
Fresno and Lea Angeles 7>23p
•i3»a Talleio. Martins* aud Way Stations 3«»»p
IoiOoa Th« Orerland Limited— Ogdeo. Den*
rer, Omaha. C'hicagi SsSSr
11:00a NUc*. Stockton, Uaeramanto, Man-
dot*. Fresno. lianfoxd. Vlaalla.
Portertille «s»3r
11:09a liTermore, Saanr. Gonhen Joco-
tton, Bikersfleld, Los Angeles.....
fliOOp Sacramento Kiter Steamera fSiOOA
S:our Beolda. Winters, Haeraraanto,
Wooilland. Knights Landing.
Marrn.Ule. Orotllle.. I»:B3a
8:00p Haywards, Nlles and Way Stations. 0:S3r
4t»or Martinez. Han ltauion. ValUJo,
Nmpa. C.illiloKit. H».i U Itoaa SUSSa,
f4:OOr Suniet Limited. El Paao, Kew
Orleans and East. «1 1:33a
4:00rThe Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
BakenSeld. Maugua for Santa Bar-
bur*. Loa A D2»les. ................ 1 1:2.1 \
4i8Op Haywarda. Mien and San Jose t*:»3A
O:Oi>r New Orl'anc Express— HakenDeld.
Hunt* Barbara, Los Angsles, D«m*
lag. El Paso, New Orleans and
Eaat 7i83,i,
BiO Or Niles, LlTermore, Stockton. Lodl.... 1Q«3Sa,
O:O0r Hajwards, Mies aod Han Jose 7i33a
t6:00rVallej» lliajA.
StOOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Chejenne,
Omaha, Chicago 12:23p
¦:OOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, DenTer.
Omaba, Chicago. 4:S3r
7t00p Oregou and Calif orni* Kxpreu.Nao- •-. .- -'
rameuto, Martatllle, ItaiMIng,
Tortlaml, l'ngot Ko.md ami Kaak 8:33a
SiOSpSan Pablo, Port Costa. Uartlnes
and Way UtaUons HtSS*
' t»sO3p Tallin 7»33p
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «.»n;e).
- (Foot of Market Street.) ¦
»i1-1a Newark.C>uter<l!li>..San Jose.Felton,
Bonider Creek. Hauta Crux and Way /
8UUoiis 0i30f
. t»tl Op Newark Centertillc. Han Jose, New
Alraauen, Felton, Koiilder Creek,
Santa Ciuz and Principal W»y -
Butlons flOi.iftA
4il3p Newark, Han Jo«e, LosGatos 8t>104
a9:30r Hunter* ' Excnniorj, San Jose sad
Wsy8Uttons X"i*9r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
friaSm raUCISCO-rnt »t l.r.n Strut (S!ij J) —
!7:15 9:00 ll:0Ol.M. 1:33 3:33 B:l5'.«.
rrimOilUia— »i«t.(Br»ii«iT.— f«;0» (9:00 TS.-05
10:00 *.M. 13:C3 2:03' t:C3 P.M.
COAST IMTISUH (Hroa.l Han S e).
(ThtrJ and Townieml Sti.)
|6tlOA Oceau View, South Kan Krandsco.. \CiJUr
7:OOa Sail Jose and Way HUtlona (New
Alinaden Wwlnmdays ouly) !>>•»
BiOOaSku Jose. Tres l'liins. Hmita t'riu,
Paelfle (Irate. Paso Knblss, San
Luis OUispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal War Stations 4tl0y
|s)t4«x8an Jose and Way Btatioua. Mi3.1a
IIiSUa Han Jose ami Waj HUMoui 8i3o>>
|Xt43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jos*.
Tres Pinos. Santa Cms, 3»:in»*. .
Uontereyaud PaelHc firoTe...... fl«iS8A
fibBetp San Joso and Way Stations 7i3»p
fi:13r San Joseand Principal WaySUtlona O:«5»
|3:0Or San Jos*, Los Gates and Principal
Wsy Stations {9:004
SiSOp San Jose aud Principal War Stations 8<33.&
•>3»pSan Joseand Way Stations {&••*
•I 1 :4Sp San Jos* and War Stations 7i3*p
AforMomlng. P for Afternoon,
t Bandar exeepted. I Sundaj only, i
I Mondays. Wednesdays, Frldayt. '
« Tuesdays, ThundaT*. Suaiaja.
(I Saturday only, - — 1
CALIFORNIA NOHTBWESTEBN 21. CCl
SAfi FRAHCISCO^ThD^RTB PACIF15
RAILWAY COMPAHY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market S*.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRT-FOOT OP MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS-7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35, 3:S0.
B:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trlft at 11:19
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at i:SO and
SUNDAT&^8:00, 9:30, U;C0 s. n.. 1:». i.M,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
Han tiaiitol to Smn Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 8:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:30 a. m.; 13:45.
S:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips st 1:35
aod 1:25 p. m.
EUXDAT3-8:10. I:O, 11:10 m. ex; 1:W, S:»,
6:05. C:ZS p. m.
Between San Francisco sad Echuetzen Park*
ums schedule as above. .
Leave I la Effect I ArrlT*
San Franclsca. |?Tot. 7. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I flaya. | Destination. \ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Norato, 10:40 am 8:40 an*
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:C5 pm 10:23 am
8:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 9:22 pm
Fulton.
1:30 am . Windsor. 10:23 ass
HealdsburtT.
Lyttoa,
Geyservllle,
t:ta pm 8:00 am| Clorerdale. 7:g pmf 1:13 pat
7:30 ami I Hopland 1
| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm t:22pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GnemaTlllek 7:35 pm
8:80 pm *:23 pra
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:40 am
and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:05 pm (:23 pm
7:30 am) 8:00 ami 110:40 am!10:2S am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebsstopot. I 7:35 pm| t:23 pm
Etagea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Sprtnjs; at
Geysenrllle for Skates* Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprlnits. Kelaeyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport ana Bartiett
Bprtngs; at Uklah ror Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valle/.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerleys BuekneU'a.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'sHot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg:. Westport. Usal.
Willetts. Laytonvllle,. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*.
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, $50 Market st.. Chronicle bund*
tat. _ «• X. RYAN,
H. C WHITDJO. Gen. Pass. Agt.
¦ Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Saotalito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
lv. •»¦ »•«. •hitiinti).
V&ZZ\? WEEKDAVS—Tf ££££
4:00r. it*. J Stay over nlgb tat the TATZsv I, 10:33 a.m.
8:00 a. h.) I 1:00p.m.
U.-30A.M. f 8PaJAY3 4aF.M.
-1:13 P.M.) I 5:36 P.M.
-- Fare. San Fnndseo to Summit and Return. (1 . to.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & 8ausallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAR.W ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Prirata
Diseases. L<nt Manhood. Debility or
<l!**asr wearing on body and mind ami
skin Diseases. The Doctor cures wlter*
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Care* guaranteed. Callorwrttai
Dr. JT. F. GIBBON, baa Francisco, Cal. __ i
IICAL L.STATE — COPXTRY — For Sale
FOR *a!e or rent— 3pS acres nr. coal mine: oil
belt; suitable cattle, hogs. bec» & chickens.
C. C. CAKTKR. Craaief. Monterey Co.! Cat".
Jl. GRIFFIN. 713 Market Ft., by Call bide
rrinted lists; city and country property
for sale and exchange. Please call.
•WRITE J. VT. HORN, 512 Main. Petalama. for
f re* copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargain.
HEALTY TO EXCUASGE.
B> exchange for S. F. property, a lovely home
in bcaumul Berkeley, near the hills' house
or » rocms: in thoicugh order; let 150x145
Apply tn JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate? adl
joining PostofT.ee. Berkeley.
PATING ranch, near Oakland, exchange for
r:ty mccrae property. Apply C02 Mission Et.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IF you wish an elegant home In Berkeley Bee
the Wheeler Tract; Facial Inducements to
people to build. \V. C. MORAN" & CO.
JOOO— CHEAP at JCOOO; lot 70x155; 2 blocks
to university; must be sold at once on ac-
count of departure; don't miss this if you
are looking for a snap. W. C. MORAN &
$:r>00— J100 CASH, l>alance tl5 per month; C
larjre rooms and bath; fine mantel- 2 bay-
window*: brick foundation; stationary tubs-
i 0^* 511201 : |' lock3 *° car *= tank loaned
J1SO0 on this r'ar^. W. C. MORAN & CO
• I^orln station, or Schmidt block. Berkelev, cai!
INM-IKO CASH, balance JS jxt month: 6
larre nwras; 8-foot basement; cement side-
walk and driveway: J1W0 worth of sHrub-
r*rj ; this place cost $3500; must be seen to
be oppreciated. W. C- MORAN & CO.. Lo-
r!n ftatJcn. or Schmidt Mock. Berkeley. Cal.
-e.4KL.4ND ADVERTISEMENTS!
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND IlEAL ESTATE.
tC £'~f' C F ln LorIn ; 3 °<> ft. from station on
Berkeley local, grlvir.g a half-hour service to
fcan PTanclfw-o same time to city as from 7th
end Broadway. Oakland: this lot murt be
*o!d. A. J. SNYDER. «67 Xlnth St.. Oakland.
f5C0ft-A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
aye.: P rooms and bath: modem: lot t0xl2S
A. J. SNYDCR. «C? Ninth ft.. Oakland. Cal.
A BANKER'S home, 8 room*: prandly situ-
ated: half block; mapniflcent pxoundu; over
JI7.OO0 expanded; quick sale: pric« J5000: go-
lri« to Europe. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE
¦CO.. <60-4S2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FOR SALE— House nnd lot. Hast Oakland: no
reasonable offer refused. Owner. J. L. WAL-
TER. CSS South Spring et.. Lo» Angeles.
OAKLAM) FCRXITrUE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. SchellhaaB. ths
i fcrCture g^a'.er. lUh and Franklin. Oakland.
£^ FHriTVALE HOUSES.
S-ROOM cottage to let; modern conveniences;
f ln Frultvale. Inquire CSS Sacramento gt.
V ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEBPIXG.
1ARTLETT, 414 — 3 sunny connecting anfur-
r.'.rhr J housekeeping rooms; sink and bath.
JOTVARD. 834B. nr. 4th— 2 unfurnished sunny
? front rooms; lirht housekeeping; reasonable.
MARTHA Place. No. 3. off Geary, near Ma-
-»or, — Tfcre« eunny connecting housekeeping
:^oott.» for rent reasonable.
UrALLJPTER, T0O0. ccr. Central ar«.— 2 sunny
jifroomB furnished for housekeeping; cink; 110.
k'OE. 153—8 connecting rooms ln modern lower
larr» kitchen, range, sink, yard; tlS.
fecTAVTA. :4C3. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
Broom, $t; large runny room and kitchen com-
f pl^tg for t!2.
feECOND. tl2 — Furnished for housekeeping;
I c.ean, reej>ecta.fc!e and reasonable.
eHOTTVELL. in— Two front rooms furnished
: for- light housekeeping: gas for cooking: bath.
VAN' NESS, 232— Nicely furnished rooms for
ho-jsf keeping: cas range; other furn. rooms.
ROOMS TO LET Forn. and I'nfnrn.
>RGTL£. Th«, McAllister st_ corner Larkln—
. Just cpeaed; everything new and modern;
two and four room suites, with or without
baths: all outside, sunny rooms: inspection
Is sow invited <Iay or evening; references.
ROOM9 TO LET.
A— Tot rocms apartments, housekeeping, fnr-
r.lfched, unfurnished, with or without beard,
finest in city, eee ELDER ROOM REXTINQ
CO.. g Kearcy gt.. tel. ZSM Red. -
AHLBORN HOTEL, E21 Grant ave.— Best flol-
lar a day family hotel In rtty; polite attend-
ance: large rooms: modern conveniences:
rooms L^c up; Crst-class meals 20e: free coach.
A— BRUNEVTICK HOCSE, 14S Elxth— Rooms,
£5c to Jl p«r r.i£ht; Jl 25 to J5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BVlUiZTT, 14T« itarket fold N'o. 13S4)— Fur-
r.ished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 724— Choice rooms; reasonable
rent.
EDDT. E72 — New elegantly furnished rooms, en
suite or single; see them; reasonable.
FIFTIL 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rocms to let.
rCLSOU, 124* — S newly furnished sonny rooms:
private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ar.d Mission sts. — Sunny rocms, en suite or
single; ladles" parlor; reading-room; elevator.
ITTnn. 1> — Large eunny front room, nicely fur-
nished, to respectable party; bath and tel.
MARKET. 1A55, opp. Jones — Furnished sunny
rooms, singlA or double; bath.
MISSION, CCl, near Second — Large front room
cultable for 2; rent cheap.
NATOilA. 2S4, near Fourth— J furnished rooms;
Tvater, sink, cloeets.
JCEW ARLINGTON, 1C15 Market St.— Nicely
fuiT.lfhed rooms, X2 a week up; Z5c a day up.
OAK. US— Sunny front rooni furnished for light
housekeeping; closet; one person. SS.
O'FARRELL. 2">— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; flay, wk., mo.
POST. 215 — Elegant rooms. $2 DO to t3 a week;
gentlemen preferred.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
rtadlng-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per eight. 2Se to Jl DO; week, J2 to
ft: month, t- to 130: elevator on grround floor;
room* v 1th l.-:t aod cold -water; baths.
BOSEDALB House, 11S-2T1 Ellis et.— Rootna.
night, ffic to Jl; week, II a to U: open night
EHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth, st^ nr.
ilarl'.c: — Furnished or unfurnished.
THE BERLIN, BS Kearny— Elegant rulus;
tingle rooms: running water; transient.
VAN NESS. 8TS— tTpp*r parlors; very desira-
ble; furnished or partly; phone; bath, eta.
VAN JCESS ave.. 141S — Newly furnished front"
suite and tingle room; gu, bath; telephone.
VAN NESS, lfll— Elegant eunny alcove, nswly
furnished, with connecting dressing room;
also large sunny room; gentlemen.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received eX Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore eL
nooas axd board.
AT the old Etevenscn mansion, opp, Grace
Church, with annex 607 California st., may
be found a mort exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and rightly rooms at modest rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES. . ~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montirom«ry "t.. rooms 9-1S; tel. E580.
6EWI\G MACHINES AKD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
/LL kinds bought. Bold, rented, exchanged, re-
' paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles ; reduced rates. 1«5 Cth: phone Mint 6.
SHOW CARDS AXD POSTERS.
PHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MO.VD. 1170 Market, r. 1C3. phone Folsom ISO.
STORAGE IIXD WAIIEHOUSES.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission rt;
tel. M<dn 1&40; shipping at cut rates.
?1ERCE-BODOLPH Storage and Morlng Co..
of See, Post end Powell sts.; tel. Main £712.
PACIFIC Gtoraee and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 2SL
GOLDEN WEFT Storage Warehouse. *40 Mls-
eloa 6l; tel. Mint lSTL F. W. ZEHFUS3.
EEKI.VS Van and Storage Co., 7B Mission «t.;
tpl. Main l?«0: shipping at cut rates.
M>^F^'R7«laEtlc^ etocklnrs, ehoulder braces,
Fupportcrs made, repaired. Menge, 603 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS-We
s*ll better machines for Itn money than any
house in the city: rentals, $2. The Typewriter
Excfc&oge. Kt California,; telephone Mala 268.masterpiece ln tho same line, "II Barblere
de Seviglia." "The Barbiere" in 1816 be
longs to Rossini's earlier period. "Don
Pasquale." written ln 1S43 (over a quarter
of a century later), belongs to Donizetti's
latest. Note also that "The Barbiere"
was written for Rome; "Don Pasquale"
for the Theatre Italian In Paris— that Is.
for a decidedly more sophisticated audi
ence. The difference in style between the
two works is even greater than the dif
ference ln dates and places might sug
gest. "II Barbiere" is frankly an opera
buffa of tho very purest, type; it has all
the characteristics of the genre, and none
other. The styie of "Don Pasquale" Is
more mixed. Starting out as a pure opera
buffa, it dips now and then into senti
mental opera of a rather Hotel Rambouil
let type. Then the orchestration is far
greater than in Rossini's work, a circum
stance which of itself takes a little out
of the opera buffa vein. The old recita
tive secco, too, in replaced by accompa
nied recitative. There is -an enormous
amount of line melodic intention, but the
comic element stands forth '.frankly and
the -sparkle " is that of diamonds.- The
quartet "E Rimasto la Impietrato', 1 is' a
decidedly elaborate piece of writing, yet
is carried through with a very firm hand.
I know nothing else in which Donizetti
has shown such real musicianship. It is
a finer piece of work than, the sextet "in
"Lucia, quite as full of inspiration and
far more. distinguished in style and work
manship. The serenade "Com e Gentil"
has long been famous; the duet between
Norlna and Malatesta. ~ "Pronta io Soni"
is one, of the very best of, Us genre. The
character drawing is capital throughout.
An occasionar touch of sentimentallsm, a
fondness for , luscious-. thirds and .sixths,
indicates the composer, whose real forte
was opera seria, who could not quite rid
himself' of his . habitual ¦;, manner ¦¦¦ when
i writing opera buffa. ,_ - -
MADAME SEMBEICH
To Raappear Saturday Afternoon.
Madame Sembrlch has entirely recov
ered from her recent Indisposition and will
reappear Saturday afternoon at Morosco's
Grand Opera-house, when for the first
time in many years Donizetti's "Don Pas
qualc" will be produced. It was originally
given "In evcnJn? dress." that is, not so
much in the costume of the period (1843)
as in dress suits and a ball dress through
out, as if it were a salon bluetto acted
without costume. This plan has generally
been followed since, though Madame Sem
brlch and company dress in Louis XV
period.
"Don Pasquale" is surely Donizetti's
masterpiece in opera buffa, and it is in
teresting to compare It with Rossini's
young worcAir victim
; "¦¦:-: ' ¦ K. • < : of V her '< own foli/st
Miss Buth Meeth. of Fort Bragg Dies
in: ths' Pacific Hospital. '
/ Miss Ruth Meeth, 20 years old, died in
the Pacific Hospital at 4 o'clock yesterday
morning of ' septic peritonitis. ,. I>r.^ James
F. Seymour was called ; ln ; to . see .her i at
810 Alvarado street last Friday, where she
was living with a family named Bahnsen.
ThV symptoms - were those ;of a' criminal
operation,; and :Dr. Seymour; questioned
the woman. She admitted • that she was
, the -victim of an operation, but said that
she herself had performed it.. . r ".* ; ;
.-.-Dr. Seymour called' Dr. \ Taylor Into con-
Bultation : and . they decided to remove the
pa t'ent ¦ to \ the '- Pacific : - Hospital '¦ for c a
necessary operation, but - blood : poisoning
had « already r set In ; and : tho i patient j suc
cumbed.*". ¦ ¦':¦¦:.'¦ : • . . •'
- Miss i Meeth , came > from : Fort \ Brag-g,
Mendocino ¦, County.v.where v her 2 relatives
reside. , The body was taken to the Morgue
and. an inquest .will ? bo ; held.> :•-; ;•: , „' - : .
•¦¦ - .-..:¦; ... .. ¦ ¦
Wednesday morning Mrs. Espiribza took
the' Indian girl and her child to Golden
Gate Park, where they remained for sev
eral hours. On - returning to her home
Mrs. Espinoza was surprised to flnd the
door of the room in which she kept her
valuables open. Hastily entering the
apartment she discovered a broken
hatchet lying on the floor, showing that
the thief had used that implement in gain
ing an entrance to the room.. The bureau
drawers had been forced open with the
hatchet and the contents scattered about
the floor. In one of the drawers had been
the money and jewelry belonging to Mrs.
Etplnoza. They had been taken.
Last night Mrs. Esplnoza visited police
headquarters and gave the detectives,
who are working on the case-, a complete
list of the property stolen. It consists of
two diamond breastpins, two diamond
rings, a pair of diamond earrings, one
baby's pin. with turquoise setting:, and a
gold watch and chain, in addition to the
The police are anxious to find Julia
Gonzaletti, a handsome Austrian girl, who
ia wanted for stealing diamonds and Jew
elry valued at more than $2000 and $500 in
money from Mrs. Cspinoza, by whom she
was employed as a servant. Mrs. Espin
oza and her husband live at 2400 Harrison
street. They arrived here from Guate
mala a short time ago, bringing with them
an Indian girl, whom they had reared
from infancy. Two weeks ago Mrs.
Esplnoza engaged the pretty Austrian to
do the housework of her flat, while the
Indian girl was entrusted with the care of
her infant child.
MRS. ESPINOZA IS ROBBED
OF MONEY AND DIAMONDS
More Than $2000 Worth of Jewelry and
Coin Taken From' Bureau and Julia
Gonzaletti, a Servant Girl, Is Suspected
roll of greenbacks, which -was secured by
the thief.
"I am satisfied that the crime was com
mitted by the servant." declared Mrs.
Esplnoza. "Notwithstanding th© fact
that she had been strongly recommended
to me, I had a suspicion that she was not
altogether honest. After I discovered
that my room had been entered and my
diamonds and money taken, I looked for
her, but failed to flnd her. It seems that
she left the house immediately after com
mitting the robbery and has not been
seen since."
The .detectives who are working on the
case think that the girl is in Oakland and
every effort is being- made to apprehend
her.
Anderson Accuses Morgan of Larceny
Charles L. Anderson, the millionaire
Klondlker, swore to a warrant in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday for the arrest of
"Captain". Morgan, his ex-brother-in-law,
on the charge of petty larceny. Anderson
has been trying for a week to secure pos
session, by means of a search-warrant,
of furniture and other effects alleged.' to
have been taken from his house on Ash
bury street by his divorced wife, Grace
M. Drummond. and Morgan, and now he
has charged Morgan with stealing a re
volver valued at $14.
THROWN FROM A BUGGY.— William F.
Lee, employed In a Sacramento-street tea
house, was thrown from a vehicle on East
street last evening and severely Injured. He
• The' indictment was then read to the
Jury by Clerk Tolle and owingr " to the
omlsslon : of two lines the document had
to be re-read. The hearing of the case
will be resumed on Monday morning next
at 10 o'clock, though the defendant's
counsel protested against any further de
lay. . -\ .'\ :"' ':'
Peter Anthe§, retired merchant, 832 O'Farrell
street; Charles Bliss, tailor, Spreckels bulld
ine: Nathan ; Levy, liquor dealer, 261 Third
street; V. R. Ullman, furnishing goods, . 1S16
Baker . street; . Richard Tidily, merchant.
Spreckels Market; B. I. Fleiger, merchant, 3147
Sixteenth street; George Nolnn, livery stable,
1016 Golden Gate avenue; Ernest Rohde, grocer,
BIO Grove street; James H. Norrlss, real estate.
1310 Larkln street; Fred J. Schmidt, retired. 30
Lily avenue; \V. Renz, liquor dealer, 1905 Mar
ket street; Paul Bouchard, cigar dealer, 118
California street.
One gentleman tried to evade service
by stating that he could not try the case
fairly because he would bo at considerable
loss by remaining away from his olive
orchard during the trial. When he stated,
however, that he ) had already ¦ made up
his mind as to the defendant's guilt he
was quickly challenged and excused.
The Jury was finally completed at 4
o'clock, yesterday afternoon and Is as fol
lows: . . /- ;"/v '
On "Wednesday four Jurors were secured
and yesterday morning's session resulted
in five being accepted. In the afternoon
the attorneys for the prosecution and the
defense made searching: . examinations.
One juror was excused because he could
not understand English sufficiently and
the defense availed itself of Its privilege
to challenge many f cr cause.
A large number of jurors were examined
as to - their qualifications to sit in the
Jury box and many of them admitted that
they had fixed opinions as to the guilt
or. innocence of the defendant which no
amount of evidence could remove.
District Attorney Bylngton and his as
sistant, Eugene Deuprey, conducted the
examination of Jurors on behalf of tho
prosecution and Attorney Lennon did the
same for McGlade.
The work of securing the Jury for the
third trial of Peter McGlade, ex-clerk in
the office of the Superintendent of Streets,
who Is charged with the forgery of salary
•warrants, was concluded yesterday before
Judge Harry A. Mtlyln, Bitting in the
court of Superior Judge Carroll Cook.
H« Must Answer the Charge
of Forgery for the
'Third Time.
JURY IS SECURED
TO TRY M'GLADE
Guests— President Hadley, President Wheeler,
President Jordan. ex-President Kellogg, Chief
Justice Beatty, Judge W. W. Morrow,' Mayor
Phelan. Jerome A. Hart. Charles P. Eells,
Gavin McNab, Timothy Hopkins. E. "\V. New
hall, Dr. Beverly MacMonagle, H. D. Pillsbury.
W. B. Sanborn, Burbank Somers. Howard P.
Veeder, J. Prinisle, Thomas V. Bakewell, Clem
Tobln, J. A. Valentine. Jackson E. Reynold*.
Georpe Martin, William O'Connor. Frank Bur
ton Harrl3on, Fred Beaver. Clarence Follis,
Charles Drurara, John Drumm, Judge Seawell,
Robert Harrison, Charles Webb Howard, Frank
Moffatt. S. O. Buckbee, Professor Charles Gay
ley, Frank Deerlng-, Henry Elekhoff.
Alumni— Xathan Abbott, Arthur Alexander,
J. M. Allen, John D. W. Allen, Thomas R. Ba
con. W. H. L,. Barnes. J. H. Bishop, J. P.
Booth, fW. B. BoBley, C. B. Bradley, H. C.
Bradley, E. L. Brayton, W. F. Breeze, E. E.
Brownell. D. Y. Campbell, James Coffin, W.
G. . Cooke. W. H. Crocker. R. J. Cur
rey, TV. K. ' Drown, J. R. Folsom.' E.
S. Fowler. "Walter Frear. K. E. Good
rich, W. B. Goodwin. H. H. Haleht, John
Hays Hammond, Ell T. Hutchinson, W. S. Jor
dan. Martin Kellogg, M. E. Lrtmbardl. Knox
Maddox. George D. Metcalf, XV. H. Murphy,
J. Kaphtaly. William Mayo Newhall. F. L.
Owen, Charles Pape, E. L. Parsons. I* U. p.
Peckham, B. H. Pendleton, Ed Pond, G. L.
Rathbone, Benjamin Romaine, Joseph Roth
nchild. W. A. Setchell, Carl Westerfeld, M. S.
Wilson. >T. N. Wilson. A. H. Whitney.
Mayor Phelan, on behalf of San Fran
cisco, extended a sincere and enthusiastic
welcome to Professor Hadley and spoke
with pride of the two great universities
of California— Berkeley and Stanford.
Professor Thomas R. Bacon. Dr. W. H.
Murphy, athletic trainer of Stanford, and
General \V. H. X«. Barnes followed in
Pbr-rt addresses of welcome. Among
those present at tho dinner were:
j President Jordan of Stanford told of the
great spread of education and the
changes that are now going on through
out the country. "The extension of higher
education," said he, "means more than
many people now realize or appreciate.
The day is fast approaching when the col
lego men will rule America."
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
Berkeley spoke humorously of the great
pleasure it afforded him "to meet a man
v.*ho is held' responsible for everything
that goes wrong In the community, for
misery loves company," he concluded.
In responaing to the speech of welcome
Professor Hadley said that he had long
looked forward to the time he would be
able to visit California. After detailing
the work accomplished by Yale within the
past decade he outlined the programme
arranged for ,-the bi-centenary of the
founding of the college. He told of how
the courses of study had been remodeled
and that departments of music, forestry
and ranitary engineering had been added.
He lurther said that the academic fac
ulty was studying to get a substitute for
Gr«-ek. "Yale," said he. In conclusion,
"still remains a domocratic institution.
No ono better understands than do her
stvdents the value of the student fra
ternity that has always marked the col
lege's existence. The spirit of loyalty is
to-day as great if not greater than ever
before."
The address of welcome was delivered
by "William Mayo Newhall, who then In
troduced ex-President Martin Kellogg,
who acted as toastmaster. Mr. Kellogg
mad6 a happy speech, and at Its conclu
sion the alumni and the Invited guests
drunk a bumper to the health of Presi
dent Hadley.
Professor Arthur Hadley, president of
Yale College, was the guest of honor at,
a dinner given last night In the Maple
room at the Palace Hotel by the Yale
Alumni Association. He was accorded a
hearty California welcome. The occasion
was made particularly pleasant by the
rendition of several old college songs by
Messrs. Burbank Somers, Howard Veeder
and T. V. Bakewell, and the alumni Joined
In giving familiar college yells.
Addresses Are Made by the Presi
dents of Stanford and Berkeley
. Universities and Other -
Prominent Speakers.
Dinner Given in His Honor
by Former Students of
College.
ALUMNI OF YALE
WELCOME HADLEY
Judge Hayne in closing spoke but a few
minutes and the court then took the mat
ter under advisement, it being understood
that an early decision would be handed
down.
Justices Van I>yke. Garoutte and Mc-
Farland frequently asked Attorney Mc-
Cutchen whether it was not a fact that
the water company sought to restrain th?
Oakland City Council from performing the
duty imposed upon it bv the Legislature.
In reply Mr. McCutchen read many de
cisions to show that the Council could
be restrained from performing its duty
¦when it was known that the act to be
performed would be &n illegal one. The
decisions, however, \all referred to aces
of various, legalized bodies, which had
been performed, tho carrying out of which
would be illegal.
Supreme Justices Ask Questions.
Mr. McCutchen claimed that the lower
court alone had jurisdiction In that mat
ter- He further argued that the supple
mental complaint was part, of the pro
ceedings of the original suit brought by
the water company, and that Judge Hart
had every right to allow the filing of ths
second complaint and Issue the injunc
tion.
Judge Hayne argued that the lower
court had no right to allow the fllinsr of
the supplemental complaint and that
Judge Hart had no authority to Issue an
injunction against the City Council. Judge
Hayne contended that the trial Judge had
been called'in solely to try the suit aris
ing out of the act of the Council In fixing
the water rate for the last year and that
he had no power to interfere with any act
of the Council as to the proposed rate tor
the ensuing year.
The entire contention of Judge Hayne
was that a new cause of action could uot
be made in a supplemental complaint, and
he quoted many decisions on the point.
Attorney McCutchen In behalf at M:e
water company, and Judge Hart, the re
spondent, claimed that the act complaineJ
of was the act of the court and not that
of the Judge who presided. The attorney
argued that the Supreme Court had no
power to pass upon the merits of a sup
plemental complaint or say whether or
not It should have been filed.
Judge Hayne, for the city of Oakland,
made a short but forceful argument yes
terday. He claimed that after the filing
of the suit on October 4 of last year, by
the water company and pending the de
cison of the case, the company had In
jected an entirely foreign matter into the
litgatlon by filing the supplemental com
plaint, that was the basis for the injunc
tion Issued, on March 14. The latter com
plaint aJleged that the City Council of
Oakland was biased and unfair and was
about to pass another water rate ordl
naifce. For that reason Judge Hart had
granted the injunction.
Claims Judge Hart Acted Illegally.
Chief Justice Beatty presided and Jus
tices Van' Dyke, Garoutte, McFarland
and Harrison were also on the bench.
Judpro R. Y. Hayne and City Attorney \V.
A. Dow appeared for the city of Oakland
and Attorneys E. J. McCutchen and A. A.
Moore represented the Contra Costa Wa
ter Company and Superior Judge Hart,
tho respondent In the proceedings.-
The Supreme Court, Bitting In bank, yes
terday heard arguments upon the alterna
tive writ granted a few days ago In the
Oakland water rate case, by which Su
perior Court Judge E. C. Hart of Sacra
mento was called upon to answer why he
not be enjoined from acting: tin the
Injunction granted by him to restrain the
City Council of the city of Oakland 'from
fixing water rates for the ensuing fiscal
year.
Indications Ar3 That Jurist Will Be
E6strain*d From Interfering
"With Fixing Bates .for
Ensuing Year.
Supreme Court H«ars Injunc
tion Proceedings Against
Judge Hart.
ARGUE OAKLAND'S
WATER-RATE CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1901.
12
HOUSE.
The Money-Saving
Furniture and Carpet
CASH OR CREDIT.
Making Home Inviting
and cozy la an art that tho refined
housekeeper studies. "We can help her
if she looks at our exquisite designs ln
Furniture for Parlor, Chamber or Li-
brary. Our handsome dlnlngr-room Fur-
niture, ln ChaJra. Tables. Buffets and
Sideboards. In carved and quartered
oak. are strictly up-to-date.
HOMES FURBISHED COMPLETELY.
All our roods are marked la plain
10 PER CENT DISCOUNT FOB CASH.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1OI5-1O1T Market St.,
Opposite Taylor.
'Tel. South 371.
DR. W0H3 WOO TEA A5D HES3 8ANITARITIS.
764-768 CLAY STREET.
San Francisco. Dec. 24, 1300.
HFn»yflS Trt al! w hom It may concern-
W--- In December. • 1S39. I was taken'
'fee J sick with Black Typhoid Fever.
rTJJ -9 the most virulent type known
lE^I to medical science. I had hem-
s*£e&^\ orrnages. both nasal an<1 tnt??-
Vmws^l tinal. eight of the latter occur-
'04V4UJ*** the erntnent Chinese phy-
sician, was called, and with one dose or his
tea stopped t&9 flow of blood, thereby savins
my life, as I had been given up by my whits
physician, as well as by all my friends Was
unconscious four -weeks, but by Dr. "Wong TVoo's
wonderful skill he saved my life from this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation ln six months from the time I went to
bed. and now I weigh 202 pounds, mnn than I
had ever attained previously. I would cheer-
fully recommend Dr. Wor.fr Woo to any ona In
need of a first-class physician for any cause
whatsoever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. 313 Golden
Gate ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
P. ROSCOE JffcXlTJLTY, II. D.
20>; JKearny«Sf.. Han.Franeiaea.C23-
DR.MCMJLTY.
rpHIS WKLL-K2T OW?I ASDRKLIABLK OLD
.1 SpeclallstewrMBIood Poison, Gonorrhoea, G I ee :,
Stricture , Seminal Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men. frea.
Over20yeivrs>xpertence.T<»rnn reasonable. Hoar».
9to3d*lly;6:30to3-30ev'frs.SandaT*.10tol2. Consul.
taUonfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or ftddxesi
This means the arrival of more new spring styles in trimmed millinery
which will be on display Friday and Saturday. STYLES THAT COM-
BINE TRUE MILLINERY ELEGANCE AND SENSIBLE PRICE
ECONOMY. Such combination means goods that you want at prices you
like, and is the secret which daily throngs our spacious salesroom with ap-
preciative buyers and creates a demand for the service of more people than
are employed in any other city miliinery store. Added to these new arrivals,
you'll .find Vast numbers fresh from the hands of our own artists, beautiful
creations, too.
All in all spring, styles such as you'll not find elsewhere at or near our
prices will be yours to select from at $6.00, $7.50, $8.50 and $10.00.
1A/. T. HESS,
KCTABY PffBLIJ ANi)'ATT0a»S/-AT.I 1 i7,
Tentli Floor. Room 1013. Claus 9preckel» Bids
Telephone Brown 831.
Residence, KM California St., below Powell.
San Francisco.
P ft Pf* n ftll A I Corner Fourth and
valises checked frea
» First Street. San Francisco.
PRINTERS. B00KBINDER3.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO..- .
tRINTlNO..
EC HUGHES, »u San^oge^ a. T.
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists-Malls:!
DIRECTORY
SILK WAISTS.
SPECIAL AT $5.00.
Nearly three hundred of them; worth
ln a regular way from $6.50 to $8.00. These
waists are beautiful ln themselves and
need I not the enchantment of the special
price to make them" sell. Their cheap-
ness Is only an added attraction, not a
compensation. The colors are those you
are after, the styles new and correct, the
finish careful and expert. The price $3.00
Friday and Saturday.
WOOL ALBATROSS WAISTS
$2.95 instead of $5.00.
Truly a saving. worth your while ln this
Hem. -Not a 1 thing- wrong- with. the waists,
but this is one , of those odd price - cuts
we make once In a while. They're of al*
wool albatross In pretty shades of pink,
blue, cardinal, hello and black; prettily
and stylishly, made. .".,">,
SEPARATE SILK
DRESS SKIRTS.
Not simply a style or two. but twenty
styles, and all new* for spring. They're
black Bilks that are silks, made In the
styles that are wanted, swell garments
every one "and with every clever llttla
kink that Elves shape. . style and grrace.
They're variously finished; tucked, hem-
stitched, pleated and with handsomely ap-
pllqued flaring flounce. See them while
the price ranee is complete. From I12.S0
to $33.00. .
BLACK AND WHITE
EMPIRE CORSETS 50c.
Tho empire Is the new short corset,
which tve show In black and white. Se©
our window- display and ask to be shown
them at our .corset section. They're well
boned, trimmed around top and bottom
with , pretty lace, run with baby ribbon;
shapely and serviceable.
COPPERSMITH.
r W QMITH Sn'D Plumbing. Steamboat and
t-ff» OJlllil; Ship Work a ipeclalty. 18 and
18 Washlneton st. Telephone Main £641.
FRESH AMD SALT MEATS."
I1C RHVFC * m Shipping Butchw«. 1IH
JAS- DUIC5 a WU- day. Tel. Main 12W.
STYLISH SPRING-WEIGHT GARMENTS
Corner Geary St. and Grant Ayenne.
For the children form a prominent feature in our /showing at this season.
Fact is just now stocks are at their best, and if, you've ".v thought for. a coat
or spring dress 'twill be well to inspect our stock before purchasing.'
R.D. DAVIS & GO.,
STATIONER AND PRINTER
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COAL, COKE A."SD PIO 1R3N.
If Uil CrtV ,c ffl * 9C0 Battery Street.
J-U nlLOUil ttlU-. Telephone Main 1S64.
. OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD ft ELU3,
418 Front it.. S. F. Phone Main 1713.
figures.
8-
q^&&4>&^s>&&^-$-g>&q>&g&$^^ We've something to
| A Spinning Top % show and be pPOUd Of .
t f ree I Our new spring fash-
! '""I ions -you'll say so,
YOU KNOW.
When a. chap
¦h--is&> * i f ¦A_ff r T~y^t kLC\- -TA £ cts io $ years
"Sr^vtZSA jfi^^-^S^j^t^^^ of age, and
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M M 1 * "^ = "? i — w ?K Hrlvrl manly ideas in-
t l ~~2^y^Q~—^ yf j^ fj[ to his head. lie
/^Wi s t'W^(¥?lT^ jdwEl^WS^ built like hU
Mm^MWu BfW^^k fat [ icr ' s ~ coat '
/MMl^^ii * |P p| J^™!r^8^^| Weshowsome
pl[|i£^p|| Handsome
Illl^it^i^l^Ri \^fefe"^p^ orings that will
\H*f J {?SVi?Hl*B I fe%% :i -V-#W pease the boys,
\l\m\a \Pttlif r^'lwH^a colorings that
Y^|||||l \%![{ ®|| 1i\iffl ' joiU pease the
jHiHJJ : \f%\ I'tHIl v>rq mothers, and
\}"l\1 )^B i , ijfl \V,yVg fabrics that
'•¦¦•^M T i r^ will wear— and
I l^ft ''0m |1 '^S I ' they're tailored
V \ I ¥&l v'M Y oio know ivc
V3 * 1l r*l ' ¦ c ' oines ' don't
/I A 7^S£?£bfr djJ3^'^W$ duction to our
Were this suit
,, . M * . . to be $5.00 you
would not hesitate paying it, but we're going to give it to you
Friday and Saturday, faultlessly tailored, for
% Some delightful fashions % t pirrht I
» Wash I i FIoors I
% V= K • c ** t t TeemiTl £ over with new, %
% a HDriC OUIIS Z rich and artistic concep- 4
% . t I tions for spring and sum- %
| Exclusive ideas of our own <*> f mer wear for man, boy and %
¦»¦ are being shown to-day. X £ child. T
t Confirmation Garments for Boys.l
| Rich and Dressy Garments, I
± Touched off with every new kink Jcnown to the art of i
4 tailoring. Priced right, of course-we don't know how $
«> to price things otherwise. ' J>
Never Known Its Like
For Wear and Tear.
l r Z^, Can't beat those good, sturdy
c^pSS^jL iiveeds for wear and tear. The
fi^^Q spring patterns are tnUy be au-
\ r *\ tiful; the colorings brand new.
jJ^*^/&>%^^ The coats, as shown in picture ,
are built with broad shoulder
nK^*£^'HC\, effecb- hollowed out back, which
¦ ¦ fivt €**T«b "ili^C^V 9 * ne szae ll idea. Trousers
¦ . fj\\ "¦ 'T\ "l&^\f\ % made double seats and knees.
' <(' k«">'?*/l Ana, then xn addition to this
J^^^^^vX\£%C^\^fM siclt lve ' re going to give you an
V Vv% ' i'^-i T Wffl' €Xtra l mir °f trousers, the savis
v^W^I Now, if we were to tax you
iiif^T^y? 'Ifff/i $5-00 f° r such an outfit u
*-'7^Wf ' f'ak^*\~Wwifu would not be a penny less than
' ' irjWk'Ar Friday and Saturday this
i bS mi A < suit for boys between the ages
'fa ' m of 8 and 15 will be, the suit, in-
-1 'J H ¦ eluding the extra pants,
J&\- $2.98
Truly one of the greatest values tvs have ever offered in our bi<s
and popular Juvenile Department.
I Easter For Man, • I
;| FashiOIlS Now Ready. J
< ? • . rV- • <S>
#^corn«»i* KearmVaj/itriset
And
Suppose you, know we delight in filling mail orders.
I I'm the drummer who p^JI I
8 sold Joe Rosenberg tHaf I^jStj I
I SAMPLE LINE of MUSLIN cl££W I
I UNDERWEAR. jj$L I
j§ WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED A A FU li. line of /^BSMf|| 8
I traveler's line of Decidedly MILITARY CORSETS. I
i CAMDI C IIMnCQMIIQI INQ <PW Together with our rcgu- i^Wfi^S P
J dAIYlrLb UNUtnjyiUoLmo. £|£ raN87 %
if ' I '[ trimmed with v form" corset, it ha.< lijt^fe^j^wy^i^^l^^^l-^V^.}.!^
N i^tek J%V I hp«t pmhrniri- aI1 tne requisites for the new gowns, littP'MSSEB&B&BlROSB&KiiM
1 £#&ssS&?& emuioiu uith ]ow s]oplng: bust> medium i on ?r TSg^yTg^Wt PJMI^gsSRH
S3 T^S^U^S ery» Normandy hips, bias cut. hanrl pored and mado J i'JEiT"affr < V 2 €§
H / / L~ K * For Fashionabl= Women. [lj|j^^^j^S^S^a'K^HOjSsft«W
1 i$l^' F e fl " 1% " %%$![ nfS | N our HOSeY^^^^
U vSL if/ have HO IWO &^Sg?S§i\ to-morTOW HOSE, made of best South Sea hi- g
M ' ~J$k -\ «ikp Anri Ihpv r^*^^A\ Belline 25c and cotton, fast black »wlth blue and 3
1 /M83gx3^ki2\ a e * y / t&m$3gi& , ALSO" "NEWEST white, red and white or lavender and 3
I (gF*$!BF\W S \ are all worth / w^W*^J BORDER VEILS, wh 'te tops: hJeh spliced heels and f|
S3 V ft JiC^w 3 j t.» .l i ¦ \i \ /Sv in hlark brown toes. Remarkable selling 1 2.'c »S
a \ 1)/ double the ask- A^.i-i.* i^v JJlue or whito ALS o ladies- fast black 1,
H \ ilm ina price, but mesh with black or white chenille FRENCH LISLE HOSE in plain. $
W SMit ri.5P! " Ul< dots, with fancy ribbon borders or ribbed or lace effect, double heels and gl
M /^'T\\»^«s. as samples we Battenberp borders ?>Oc toes, full length, extra elastic ii,»c \A
m • hminht thpm At WE TI E THE NEW BERN- C oo n nr Q7 CH T A II HP 61
a oougni inem ai HARDT illusion rosette CBB UUl q[,0U IPILUn oUlli n
m ha!f. Among them are the fol- free of charge. * . "We hold tnis up as ||
13 ¦ • on r nr onnAnm ninurn ,j*\. A ohg of tns o^st suit El
I lowing: SALE OF SO ROSIS GLOVES, J&f$ values have ever H
a LADIES' DRAWERS, made of Th ,, _ rMt ..,, ftf a n r> n aja 'J&TJ&. °5T r f, d - A fl^«fSS5i H
H good quality soft bleached muslin, r 7JVvFq^^n«. in vni™ Anf& -$11 fo^^S strictly man-tailored |1
K tucked and trimmed with 3-inch tor- PS L B n Jr^t th^t tw 3h n e 2&&ft suit which bears all j|
ffl rhon lace Onlv "t»»o values are so great that those who /tSTilvjr marks of a fine made rl
| ALSO,^^LAmES" CHEMISE/ made Eft" 1 } UkC tO merU ?*' ' M-A"K tO OrdeI^ SUU > S U
I iffiS* i^l^&lS & I
&i lpnpth e-nnri wirith Snmni<» P'ace on sale me new bOKObis fl\\\.v>ij v jacket fly front ef- *,\
ra lengtn, gooa wiatn. bampie selling GLOVES. They are all made of best LWvSSr^ feet, new L'Aiglon fci
M " A r A in" l" AnTFS v ' ROW fj^" m»dn quality lambskin; Paris point stitch- rVfrV"*" collar and lined with H
H «f ™,«i«Jr Iniihi? v«if» -wt ed back - two-clasp, in all the new y\>U best quality fast H
I front vok? with' cluster tuckl JhS- Parlslan shades o f T ed « tan and. - black Italian cloth; U
H naMnc wttlT embroiderv in!e?tion brown-a. glove that will outwear any skirt seven cored flare, lined with j|
ffl "ind^sleevtT finished wUn ruffle other dollar glove made. It's a pleas- best percaline and neatly bound with B
a of tni«nn "fiiHfpTie?n and width ¦ ure to ofCer these reaJly $L5 ° valuea corduroy; colors gray. tan. navy and B
H of muslin, full length and wldth^^. for §1.00 black. Phenomenal ln price.. 87.75 H
i " 'AND* STILi>-'LADIES : " SKIRTS, f (~*% J^> T^ "C^ IVJ 1^ "CT* O tf^L rS
H mado of goo<l, stronp. durable mus- «JS_yHj H •%. %. L^^ W^ > I W^* O^ . II \ A H » If
n lin. tucked flounce, well made and c»w*- *m m *-*„*-,—. —.—..— ———. zi
1 finished ....• 59c S/G MARKET STREET. H
m Eile second floor OTarrell- it. entraaes. Running Through to 11 O'Farrell St. PHELAN BUILDING. §4