The colonel occasionally broke forth in
lansruag-e not exactly suited to th<» draw-
ihg-room,. says the Xew York K-.-er.ins
Sun. The colonel .was well on In the fifties
and had. not married. ' Not that- ha
couldn't, lie was wont- to explain, but fce
cause.so few women struck his fancy.
- One evening the colonel attended a Ut
tle "at home," and taking the "hostsas. a
very dear friend of his, aside, poured into
her ear the story of his rejection by a
charming, young woman whom he t had
a'sked.to be his .wife. ' The hostess thought,
the colonel needed sympathy, and, beck-"
oning a charming dinner companion to
her, said: f " ; : j
"Colonel ha? been tellins me that h-a
has not been fortunate in winning tha
hand of Miss — — . 'Now, I 'think the colo
nel ought to" remember the old, adage:
'There are Just as good fl3h In the sea as
ever were caught.'**
"Yes, madam, lots ef CsTi, but tnere ar* -
so— few mermaids," interru^tad tfr* s-rf™
LOTS OF FISH BUT
FEW MERMAIDS.
The absence of, railroads is less felt
than one - would think : f on There ; - Is no
hurry, in- Tahiti, and the people .'do j not
hay* -to w&rk raising heavy cargoes; to
.It' seems ; droll- to. me^-so very, droll—.
-that . Americans jj should^ ask, , "Are j they ':
civilized in Tahiti?" : when thereV, w.ere
nearly t. 10,000 , murders g committed , . fn the
United States last year and but half a.
dozen in • thirty *>' years in -Tahiti— since
1S70. .;. . .; '! :¦„ • '£ ':¦ -,\. } .;' . -. . r
"..It. is .true that .we have the comforts
of. civijizatlon, the .pleasures driven by
music and. the study ,of -languages . and
such things, -yet without what I consiaer^
the • drawbacks, - such - as- railroads, that,
by their. gigantic .operations, make pos
sible dangerous aggregations of : capital.
. That is another, curse jthat the. islands
have, escaped, f or ;thef mild ;and liberal
government .-of ..the-j French' colonial sys
tem "gives liberty^ that , even< Americans
might. envy.- •¦¦/'. *_";-• •.-•¦'.;
The. result is that no one, after-arrow
ing^ up in Tahiti,, ever asks the question,
"Is life' worth "living?" ... It answers Itself
before, asking, and . no one ever commits
suicide.,, . .' -¦', ,•;' . :
Why. should they?.' ? " ...
"Financial disappointments -there are
none,, for finances are not worth mention
ing,, and no one in^Tahiti' is ever disap
pointed in love.y . -^ •: ..- , . ¦ >jj . i ... .' ;',:.»;
Often, too, in' other places, man man
the- peace, that God. has made by ofH
cious useless, misdirected'
energy and unceasing, pernicious activ
ity..;;, -..- . . ; -. . . ' , - ;f ; :X > ;.;- y ....
as the moat precious gift that one human
being can bestow upon another.
, Not only- do childless people, thus seek
to gain for themselves a family, but those
w.ho . have children , .alrfady-; art . Just as
pleased to welcome another little stranger
into their happy homes.
The unwelcome child, is an unknown
person. . ' ' . . \ . ' - ; .¦.,""
"When it 4s known that the storks t hav«
brought a little^baby,- sometimes even be
fore; there Is an eager rivalry 'among the
neighbors, of the parents Ao see lit the lit
tle child will not be given to one of them
¦ -.--..-. - ¦- - - , -. .... _ .
Will not the guest stay for a week? .For.
weeks? For months? Society la what Is
wanted. Company for that lonesome feel
ing that pursues' all humanity and half,
the brutes,- even in this happy island.
Not only for months is the. guest wel-
come, but for.llfe, if young. .
.There is probably no other place in the
world where prevails the strange and
beautiful ' custom, • an account or which I
shall relate. ¦ ' . •'¦;..- .
. A, guest, isa. boon, a delight to his host,'
for "the host feels himself to be but' a
guest at the great, bounteous table which*
. nature spreads arid .loads .the whole j year"
round /with the daintiest foods of the.epi
cure's dreams. ""
•Hospitality goes farther than a casual
invitation to meals. ; ' :. „
--There are no beggrars. Each has so much'
that the.^greatest pleasure is in finding
some other to whom he can srive some-"'
thine. " .v '.-¦:, /¦¦;: : ¦ ¦. ; ¦¦-. ; '. .
v At the time of eating all who pass ara
welcomed. There is no -withdrawal to*
privacy, to eat . in solitude, for fear that'
the meal mlcht have to be shared.
t'runVenness fhe .p«opTe flo not care for.
TbWr natural'- merriment never having
.been repressed and stamped out by artifi
cially simulated- dignity, they are nat
ura^y,j more -guy, than; intoxicants could,
make them, and they have no sorrows to,
drown. , : « ' •'.. •,-.', .'.; • '. . '<¦ _' ' .", ..-'
Such simple laws as have been put J In
force by the French Government do not
bear hardly on* the people, for there is one"
law in their own hearts which renders all
othesrs superfluous. It Is the old maxim'
of "Do as you would have others do." * ¦'
And so it Is done by all. Hospitality Is.
the rule of the place. , * ' v
t Roads and driveways in Tahitfare far
ahead ' of what they are . here." There is
one road', which' extends .entirely around
the island, a, distance of 300 miles, and is
.traveiable by automobile the entire dis
tance. Automobiles are now being built
at Papeete for the purpose of . carryli>»
passengers and the . malls, and they will
undoubtedly secure such a foothold as to
The only. useless .improvement of ciyiiiz<
atibn which the Tahftiahs are'adopting is
the European style|'of .' dwelling "house.-
These they put up,^ not for use, but : to
show. to their neighbors.-Fortunately they
are ' so uncomfortable, ' compared to the'
beautiful grass huts,, that^ no one lives in :
themj and ; for. that reason only the bank
account and>not the health of the owner'
is injured. ""'. ' : . ' : 1
.Those are some of the Improvements of
civilization ..which , we ..can well, do with- j
out. <Hotels. too, are rendered .almost,
unnecessary by-- the -hospitable customs'
of the country, and as .the people do not
have to work half the night in" order to'
have ¦ jenouirh r tret their breakfast' in
the morninsr, there Is no use of electric
lights... ., r. -,.;;;-'.:.
. The . climate is so equable that steam
heaters and ice factories are alike ' su
perfluous. After all, half of the inven
tions of the'day are to "make up for cli
matic deficiencies . qf the \ places
they are used, "and the 'other half are to
enable ' one man to do the work of- ten '
and strain himself accordingly." ;.';- %
.There ia no deprivation \ to- any on* In
the. absence of smoky chimneys and
crowded tenements.- • 'A.* '¦"¦ -, : .'. ¦ ..
Mills and - factories.' too, i are - lacking;,
which' gives more freedom for those who
work,, and prevents the unhealthy crowd
ing of adjacent districts.
*.v- •¦¦¦••..¦¦
v free to all. ' It Is the opportunities ef
' the: place for individual effort that makes
ail- so 'independent and uniformly pros
perous.- i ¦'.: " -"'- .-.-¦ , : ,
«mt£X!T0E£l yOTXATVPl of Pape»ti.
jL-J 1st th» last ef the island prin
it ceases ef the Pacific. E«r sov>
ereigaty has, like that of Dom Pedro,
beeo. voluntarily eaded to make way
for the all-ccrio ueriu jr rule of th« peo
ple.
WlLea missionary dirturbtncei
threatened to cp— t the peace of the
Islands Franca extended her protec
tion over the group, and then, instead
cf exterminating the natives, g-ave
them a system cf self-government,
and guaranteed to them the tenure of
their lends.
The end cf the Pomare dynasty
came when the present Princess was
only a child, but still ehe can remem
ber the time xrhen her father was sa
luted as absolute monarch of the
pearl-crusted islands, and she carries
herself -with, tbe dignity that befits a
queen.
Che is tail, with, dark, waving: hair
and brown eyes, 81 years old, and
with the light creamy complexion of
the higher class of natives of
Oceanica. •'.••¦'¦ - \
Her calm serenity and dignified
bearing would mark her anywhere- as
a person cf note.
The antiquity of the line of rulers
from, which ehe is descended may be
Judged from the fact that the monu
mental stone colossi of the islands
about Tahiti -srhich mark the tombs
of the ruler* are so much older. than
those of Egypt that no archaeologist .
has yet been able to even approach
the subject of their age. They ante
date the pyramids and sphinx: of
Egypt as m those crumbling relics do
the monuments of to-day.
The colossi are standing stone fig
ures measuring over" thirty" feet from.'
I ' ' : ".¦' - ' ¦ •"¦•¦¦ -
THERE is one place in the world
where the primal curse does not.
rest, or at least touches but lightly .
— in Tahiti, the pearl island of the
southern seas. , '*¦ ... -
There it is not. necessary that men wring
the sweat from their brows to obtainthslr
daily bread. . Women do not suffer as they
do elsewhere. " * .
. . Sin, with its swift following punish-,
.merits, is almost unknown. ¦ . • ¦
• There* have been ui>on the island but six
murders in a third of a century.
This will net be believed at first. It
.naturally would. not be by people who eat
blood-soaked meat three times a day.
Our people of Tahiti live upon the foods,
which recent high developments of biologr-,
ical science show to be the natural bus-.
tenance of human beings— fruit and nuts.
Another reason w;hy it 'is not necessary
for our people to commit crime no fre
quently as it is with Americans is that
we have not the three great incentives to
murder and self-destruction— debt, . drugs
and drunkenness.- ¦- s
, There is nonnecessity for debt in Tahiti,
for no one has yet seized the bulk of the
land." Nature causes sea and soil to yield,
all that life demands and nature does not
charge. ;
¦. Drugs that mado"en. such as cocaine and
morphine, are not needed, for the natural.,
out, of door life and healthy foods do.not
cause the racking diseases . that demand
opiates, to assuage their pain.
By Princess Pomare.
boarding-house on Ellis street. She
is by birth a pure-blooded Tahitian.
By education and taste she is a Paris
lenne; r&nd of music, which she exe
cutes admirably; fond of dress, .as aM.
women are. Fondest of all of her isl
and home, from which even the dress,
gayety and music of a metropolis can
not win her for long. Her opinions
of life in the Pacific islands axe. val
uable wh'en so many ar© turning their,
faces westward.- * '.'
Princess - Pomare arrived on tha
last trip of the Oceanic steamship
Australia from Tahiti and during her
fetay here remained at a fashionable
Thus it is that Princess Pomare
comes of a line of queens who have
continued unbrokenly since the time
cf Cleopatra, and only researches of
the future among the colossal statues
and the tombs can tell how much
elder even than Cleopatra's time was
the dynasty of which Princess Po
mare is the last descendant.
There is a field for research almost
as rich as that of Egypt— perhaps
more so, no one knows, for no one has
looked to see what is the meaning of
these lonely giant statues on the far
away, islets. Now that the great
round-the-world roadway of steam
travel has been • run toward them
there is no doubt that interest will bV
stimulated. That the . people who
raised them were of high intelligence
can be seen by the regular and order
ly way in which their hieroglyphic
inscriptions were made, being a far
advance on the crude pictographis of
the Egyptians.' :
The insular kingdom has had an
uninterrupted succession of rulers, for
no powerful aggregation of mainland
marauders could have reached it since
the prehistoric times when it wa^ first
cut off from .the Asian cradle by th-j
sinking of Oceanfca.
blp« to head and crowned with red
coral stone crowns twelve feet Jn
diameter which have been transported
from quarries miles away by power
and recans which are mysterious to
day alike to the whites and to the
descendants of the mighty races that
raised the monoliths as guardians *of
their, tombs.
«jruc mnefi p«oy*« »-» *r? — "» ai»fl*n— «¦>'•
and so comb in* the '»?» national «•»•«
moniala In one.
A recent writer eoncernlnj tfcn tstaslj
has th« following to say In regard t» t&OM
celebrations:
"In July of ia:h jrnr the natrres J»h»
with the French In the annual obserraac*
of the Fall of th» Baatile, and nothinj
among all the festivities in. the islands of
the Pacific compares with the resulting;
demonstration. Inhabitants &f the Society,
Marquesas . and neighboring Insular
groups assemble from points as far dis- -
tant as EOO miles and, together with the
people of Tahiti itself, indulge In a cel»
bration that is on* of the most memorable)
that travelers can witness In any part of
the world. For the time being* the cele
brants bacoras utterly oblivioua to thai
fact that the habits of modern times hav*
affected them, and simply Immerse them
¦elves in a revival of tha pastlmea, tis
dances and the musio and revelry of the
old times, making; a complete* reproduc
tion of- the life' and conditions of tha
South Pacific before they were touched by
civilization.* Once In every two years th»
celebration la more than doubled in size
and- zeal.- it so happening that the present
year will rwitnesa perhaps the largest that
baa been held during th« past decade."
De trai^ponea on the, cars. The yields
of the place are largely of the condensed
nature, /such as vanilla beans,' which, are
wcrth $1 50 a pound, and can be profit
ably transported without steam.
The pearls which are found in the oys
ters within the, harrier reef are of un
usual ; purity and brilliancy, and so-nu
merous and ¦ easily obtained as • to make
fortunes for these who have engaged in
the business of diving -for them. Al
most as fast as the pearls are gathered
in one place they grow in another, so
it is a saying with the clivers there that
the - sea is . their purse, from which all
T/ho need or' care may help themselves.
This work, too, is. of a sort that encour
ages individual efforts and does not lend
itself to the advancement of either in
ventions or monopoly, for, one man can
*««•' as well *•« another, arrt the sea id
entirely prevent tne estabL'3nrnent of the
monopolistic railroads.
Until late years Tahitlans took no not*
of time, and therefore kept no calendars.
Time was of no value. They had all there
was and that was enough. Tha men were
always as young as they felt and the
women as ycunjr an they looked and no
one wanted their age set out before them
in black and white.
Much of the happlnesa of th« residents
of Tahiti, -I think, depends upon the fact
that they have not been suddenly cut or?
and entirely drawn away from their old
mode of life, JJui stlil follow it In as f^r 4
as it is superior to present ways.
In addition to this, there are annual fes
tivals'.when all' of the customS of the old
times are revived.. •
This is at the .celebrate of the Fall of '
the Bastile. for you see we are ascnthmi.
SUNDAY CALL
THE STORY
OF THE
LAST
PRINCESS
OF
TAHITIMrs. Caller— Oh, yes. he can. You should
sea him some time when he 'has a seat
in a crowded street car.— Philadelphia
Press.
Knew Him Better.
Mrs. Caller— Surely, you're not jealous
of ycur husband? ,
Mr*. Chellus— Yes, , I am. He simply
can't keep his eyes off the women,
"See here," said the lobbyist of the
future. "I want you to secure the vote of
Mrs. State Senator Jones of the 'Steenth
District. You ought to get it for $100."
"Oh. my!" exclaimed hla female assist
ant, "I wouldn't think of • offering: her
that."
"You don't mean to say she'll want
more?"
"Oh. no. I'll offer her $38 98."—Phila
delphia Press.
More Seductive.
"Well, he lost about $25,000 In poker on
that trip and he came back, naturally
enough,, with gloomy views about the
crop. He's merely betting that his im
presalons are correct." — Chicago Tribune.
"You remember he took a trip through
the Northwest a short time ago In a pal
ace car in order to acquaint himself per
sonally with the state of the wheat crop?"
• "Yes."
"What makes Graynes such a bull on
wheat?"-
From Psrsonal Inspection.
"ISEXJN.-. ADRIAN. ¦ New- Rochftlle, N.
Y., gift to that village, the; entire shore
front at the foot of Neptune road; valued
at $30,000/ on condition that, the village
'INGRAM. O.'-H..' Eau Claire, Wls., gift
to Rlpon College, a hall" for aclentiflb
study. ' ¦ ; " ' „¦•••'/• " ,." ¦ ¦' • • ' ¦ ' : ". -
HUNTINGTON, COLLIS POTTER, Now
York, bequests to the Hampton Normal
and Industrial Institute, $100,000, and. the
Metropolitan Museum of Art the rever
sion of all his pictures. .
HUNTINGTON, CHARLES: PER1T,
Yonkers, N. Y., beo.uest' to the Free .Li
brary, Norwich, Conn., $20,000, and to the
Cathedral of St. John the Divine th« resi
due of his estate, expected' to yield the
cathedral $700,000. ' " ' . '.
HUBBARD, THOMAS H.. New York,
gift to Bowdoin College, for a new library
building, $150,000. < . •
\ HOLKER, ABRAM, New Orleans, gift
to the public library there, a valuable col
lection of books and $10,000. : '
HENNESSY, THE RIGHT REV.
JOHN, Arciio.shbp of Dubuque, Iowa, be
quests to the fund for erecting'a theolog
ical seminary in that city, $50,000; to the
Catholic University of America, Washing
ton, D. C, and the Duouque Theological
Seminary, an equal share in a residue ag
gregating $500,000. . WiW£&
HAVERFORD COLLEGE, Haverford,
Pa., gifts from r friends, to extend Its re
ligious instruction, $65,000.
HAVEMEYER, HENRY O., New York,
gift to the town of Greenwich, Conn., a
public school building, cost $20,000.
HARVARD UNIVERSITY, gift from a
friend, for the Architectural building
fund, $20,000.
Philadelphia, New Year's gift to the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, $250,000.
LEE. 'ELLIOT C, gift to Harvard Uni
versity, $25,000. .
LIPPINCOTT. J; DUNDAS, Philadel
phia,'gift to the University of Pennsylva
nia, $20,000. , • .
LOOMIS, JOHN MASON. -Chicago, be
quest for the endowment of a Loomis.in
stitute In Windsor, Conn., the reversion
of the greater part of $1,000,000. His broth
ers and' sisters had previously joined him
in an agreement to leave the residue of
their estates for such an institution.
McFADDEN, ALEXANDER, Philadel
phia, bequests to Dickinson College, $10,000.
_ McKEAN, MRS. THOMAS,- Philadel
phia, gift to the University of Pennsyl-*
vania for the new Law School building,
$25,000. ¦
Mclaughlin,- mes. james;* Pltts
burg, gift to Princeton University, United
States bonds bearing an annual Interest
¦of S300. ; . I': :.
McMAHON. MGR. JAMES. "Washing
ton, D. C.,-g!ft to the Catholic University
Of America, real estate valued at $90,000,
supplementing his previous gift of the
Hall of Philosophy. * . *
' MALCOLM, BARONESS FREDERICA,
London, England, beqttest to "the School
for the Revival- of the .Lost Mysteries of
.Antiquity, recently founded or about to be
founded in America ,' ' $25,000. Two Theos
ophlst societies in New York claimed the
bequest and the claims are to be decided
in the'Engllsh courts. '- '• . ¦"
MEBARRY, MRS. ELIZABETH, Rich
mond, Indi, gift, to- Ohio Wesleyan Uni
versity, for two new, chairs, $60,000. - . ;
f MlLLIKEN, JAMES,*becAtur/IlL. • gift
for an* Industrial college. 'to be apart of
Lincoln University, $100,000: , . '
| MORGAN, j J. PIERPONT, New York,
gif t , to . the Metropolitan : Museum of Art,
i . ! - "... i - . - ¦ ¦;¦-...• ¦¦.-'¦¦-¦...
GARDNER, MRS. JOHN L,, Boston,
gift to the city, for a free museum, her
new Italian palace in the Fens, with all
its art/ contents, comprising costly paint
ings, sculptures, bronzes, metal work, tap
estries, etc.
GARTH, MRS. JOHN H., *Hannibal,
Mo., gift to the city, for a public library,
$25,000.- !<
GAYLEY, JAMES, class of '76, gift to
Lafayette. College, a chemical laboratory,
cost $30,000. .• . —
GENERAL • '.THEOLOGICAL SEMI
NARY, New York, gift from alumni and
others, "Hoffman Memorial Hall, cost $100.,
ooo. ¦ '¦;¦ ¦ . #<;&:'#>& '
GIBBS, EDWARD N., New .York, be
quest to Amherst College, $10,000.
GLOVER; MRS. LOUISA : CECELIA,
GARCELON, MRS.' CAROLINE M.,
Oakland, Cal. (died 1891), bequest to
Bowdoin College, $400,000, made available
in 1900 by a decision of i the United States
Supreme Court. - ', '' > ¦ -
GAMMELL, ROBERT IVES and WIL
LIAM, Providence, R, I., gifts to Brown
University, each $10,000.
GALLUP, MRS. DELIA, Chicago, gift
to the University of Chicago, to endow the
history library, $30,000.
FURMAN; MRS. MARY J., Nashville,
Tenn., bequest to Vanderbilt University,
her estate, valued at $200,000 to $250,000.
FORD, JARVIS, St. Joseph, Mo., be
quests to trustees for a free library, $20,
000; and to the Municipal' Hospital, $10,000.
FRENCH. JOHN D. W., Boston, be
quest to Harvard University. $5000.
FRICK, HENRY C, Plttsburg, gift to
Wocster (Ohio) University, a library.
ate Medical School and Hospital, for a
training school for nurses, real estate val
ued at $65,000.
'. N. Y., bequest to the University of Mlchl
. gan, a« allowed by Surrogate, $88,688.
t BELOIT COLLEGE, Beloit. Wls., gifts
: from frlenda for permanent endowment,
• • $350,000.
' BENNETT, JOSEPH M., Philadelphia,
i bequests to the University of Pennsylva
nia and the Methodist Orphanage, nearly
all of an estate estimated at ?2,000,C00.
BILLINGS, L. F., sift to Harvard Uni
versity* $5000.
BLACKSTONf. TIMOTHY B., Chicago,
bequests to the James Blackstone Memo
rial Library Association, Branford, Conn.,
$100,000, and the Art Institute, $25,000.
BO WEN, CHARLES C, Detroit, be
quest to Kalamazoo College for a Greek
professorship, $50,000.
BRADFORD, GEORGE R., Gloucester,
Mass., gift to the local Young Men's
Christian Association, real estate valued
at $18,000.
BRADFORD. PROFESSOR VINCENT
L., Philadelphia (died 18S4), bequest to
Washington and Lee University, made
available by the death of his widow, his
law library, collection of paintings and
half of his estate, estimated at over $200,
000...'
BROADHEAD, JOSEPHINE, Washing
ton, D. C. bequest to the town of South
Newmarket, N. H.. for a public library,
$10,000.
BROMLEY, MRS. ISAAC H., Norwich,
Conn., gift to Tale University for a lec
tureship on public affairs, $5000.
BROOKINGS, ROBERT S., and SAM
UEL S. CUPPLES, St. Louis, Mo., joint
gift to Washington University, the busi
ness property known as Cupples Station,
paying nearly 10 per cent on a stock capi
tal of $5,000,000.
BROWN, JOHN NICHOLAS, Newport,
R. I. (died May 1, 1900), brother of Har
old, bequest to Brown University, $25,000,
and his pledge of $25,000; Redwood Li
brary, Newport. $5000, and $150,000 for
ground and building and $500,000 for en
dowment of the Providence Public Li
brary. .
BUCKNELL UNIVERSITY. Lewisburg,
Pa., gifts from friends, an. aggregate of
$50,000, which secured gift of C15.O0O from
John D. Rockefeller.
BUGBEE, EDWIN H.. Putnam, Conn.,
bequest to the Danielson Free Library As
sociation, his private library and $15,030
for a library building.
BURT, HORACE G.. New Tork. gift to
• the University cf Wyoming, a tract of
twenty acres of land adjoining the univer
sity grounds.
CARLETON, GEORGE H., Georgetown,
Mass., bequest, Perley Free School, JfoOOO;
other benevolent purposes, $12,000: \_^
CARNEGIE, ANDREW.' New York, I
gifts to the Carnegie Library and;Instir
tute in Plttsburg. Pa., an addition of
$1.S50,000 to the $1,760,000 given ln^lSSQ for
the enlargement of the building;, for the
erection and endowment of a polytechnic
Institute in PfttBburg, $3,000,000; for public
libraries in East Orange; N. J.; York, Pa.,
and Hawlck, Scotland, each $50,000; for a
library In Fort Dodge. Iowa, $30,000; for
libraries in Leavenworth, Kann., and Chll
- Hcothe. Mo., each $25,000; to the Tuiskegee
Normal and Industrial Institute, $20,000.
and to Stevens Institute of Technology,
$15,000, supplementing a previous gift of
$50,000 for a new building.
CARR, A. WHITNEY, Jordan. N. Y.,
gift to the State of Iowa for free scholar
ships In the State University for deserv
ing but poor boys, 150,000.
CARRUTH, JOHN G., Philadelphia, gift
to the dormitory fund of the University
of Pennsylvania, $20,000.
CASEY, MARGARET DE KOVEN,
New York, bsquests to three institutions
in Middletown, Conn., and New York City,
$7000.
CHENEY, MRS. MARY ROBINSON,
gift to Yale University to promote post
graduate work, $5000.
CHRISMAN, MRS. ELIZA, Topeka,
Kans., bequests to .the Ohio Weeleyan
University, $35,CO0, and nearly all the re
mainder of her estate of $250,000 for the
founding of a university of Topeka, con
tingent on the local Methodist churches
raising a like amount within ten years.
CHRISTIAN, HARRY L., Brooklyn, N.
Y.. bequests to the Hans Christian Kin
dergarten, $10,000. *
CLARK, JONAS G., Worcester, Mass;,
bequests to Clark University, which [he
founded, for the library and a department
of art, each $100,000; also $1,000,000 and the
residue of his estate, providing the people
of Worcester raise a fund of $500,000 with
in three years. If a smaller sum ¦ only is
raised this estate Is to double It.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY, New York,
gift from a friend for the library fund, -
$10,000.
CORAM, JOSEPH A., Lowell, Mass.,
gift to Bates College, Lewiston, Me., for
library building, $20,000.
CORBIN, ELI L., Oxford, N. Y., chil
dren of the late, gift to the village, a pub
lic library. . *
CRAPO, PHILIP M., Burlington, Iowa,
gift to the new public library there, $20,000.
CUDAHY,- MICHAEL, Chicago, gift to'
the Catholic University of America,
Washington, D. C, $50,000.
CUTLER, ISAAC," Boston, gift to the
town of Farmtngton, Me., for a public
library, $10,000.
DE KOVEN, John, bequest to Yale Uni
versity. $68,152.
DENISON UNIVERSITY, Granville,
Ohio, gifts from friends, about $200,000,
thus securing gift of John D. Rockefeller
of $100,000. —
DICKSONV WALTER SCOTT, Salem,
Mass., bequests to Salem Public Library
and Peabody Academy of Science, each
510,000; four other, Institutions, each $5000;
Tufts College, $25,000 direct and $20,000 in
reversion.
DODGE, WILLIAM EARL, New York,
gift to Columbia University for the erec
tion of a students' hall, to be under the
control of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation of New York, City, $100,000; Yale
University, for the promotion of Christian
citizenship, $30,000.
DRAKE, EX-GOVERNOR FRANCIS
MARION, Centervllle, Iowa, gift to Drakd
University, Des Moines, named after him,
$22,500. Ha also made the university ,a
Joint heir with his five children to his
property, valued at 13.W0.M0.
*t OU may call endowment a fad 1
/ I you like. You may call it a po«e
\J You may throw all the mud yot
want" to at the motive, but the fac
Is still there that whatever the mo
tive, the recent results are big.
It was one of the tallied-about things
of the nineteenth century. Bigger for
tunes were made then than ever had beer
made before, and the possessors of therr
took to giving . large sections of there
away. They endowed libraries; thej
boosted the arts; they hunted out. strug
gling people and grave them education.
The last year of the century excelled
any that had ever gone before. Here is
a list which Rossiter Johnson,, editor oi
Appleton's Annual Cyclopedia, has fur
nished: . ¦
According 1 to the scheme followed by
Mr. Johnson, the forthcoming number, of
the cyclopedia win contain an exhaustive
list of gifts a«d bequests, each amount
ing to 55000 or over (where the value of
the donation is unknown it is so indicat
ed). This list excludes the ordinary de
nominational contributions for educa
tional, benevolent and religious purposes,
or State and municipal appropriations to
public and sectarian institutions and the
grants of Congress for various measures
of relief. For obvious reasons the multi
tudinous contributions to the India fam
ine fund, which amount to more than
1250,000, and to the Galveston flood suffer
ers, $1,253,710, have been omitted In detail,
but the fact is emphasized that even omit
ting these gifts and reckoned within the
limitations designated the number of gifts
and becuests shows a large Increase over
tfcat of 1S99. although the total, $47,500,000,
is r?v*r $15,000,009 less than the total for
tfce preceding year. Here Is a table show
ing 1 the amounts contributed during the
last eight years, calculated according to
the above noted restrictions:
2893 *29,C0O,0O0
3894 .-,..... 32,000,000
1895 , 32,800,000
3S96 , £7,000,000
1897 ,, 45.000,000
1S9S ,--' 3S.000.000
1899 62,750,000
XiOO ,,,...., 4i, 500,000
Total $314,050,000
In regard to the magnificent total con
tributed in 1899 Mr. Johnson wrote that it
"is without a doubt the largest amount
ever devoted to philanthropic purposes as
Individual offerings in any country in one
year." But without attempting to account
for the falling off in the total of 1900, it
xcay be deemed even more significant that
the' contributions were more numerous
than in 1S93, while It Is furthermore
worthy of comment that the gifts to edu
cation and culture have in a -large meas
ure signalized this augmentation in the
number of denors.
Th« remarks on this Eubject made by
Frederic Harrison the other evenins at
the Authors' Club are pertinent at this
time, for their direct inspiration wa«s the
recent offer of Mr. Carnegie to provide
buildings for gixty-flve free libraries in
Greater New York at an estimated ex
penditure of $5,200,000. Mr. Harrison said:
"One thing that has particularly struck
me in this country has been the spirit of
philanthropy which is everywhere dis
played by your wealthy citizens. A re
markable instance of such munificence
has been made known within the last few
days. These great gifts to libraries,
schools and colleges have surprised me.
We have nothing like it in England. Why
we have it not would take too long to tell.
Our social system is different from ycurs.
There the heir of a wealthy house has to
provide the means through which his son,
or it may be his grandson, may take his
place in Parliament, or may become the
head of a noble line. Apparently an
American college has only to ask and
means are given It. Nobody in England
ever thinks of bestowing upon our col
leges the much-needed endowments which
your citizens so freely bestow upon yours.
I congratulate the people of the United
States in possessing such generous donors,
and I congratulate them also in possess
ing such a large and •well cared for read
ing public."
It is therefore not only the spirit of phi
lanthropy of certain wealthy Americans
that has made the last year of the century
conspicuous in .this respect but the fact
that the spirit has been more generally
displayed than in the previous year not
alone in charity and benevolence but in
those directions which help people 'to help
themselves by opening to them the means
of education and culture. Another thing
should be borne in mind. The year of the
Spanish-American war saw the contribu
tions to education and civic charity sink
to $38,000,000. Capital was otherwise em
ployed or inactive. Then came the reac
tion, the relief, and 1899 was made con
spicuous by a number of large gifts which
ran up the total of that year to an ex
traordinary amount. But the examples
then set have since been emulated in
many directions, and the fact that the
contributions last year to objects of edu
cation and culture were more numerous
than in" 1899 reveals a most healthful de
velopment of public spirit.
In the extracts which we have made
¦we have been obliged to confine ourselves
to the contributions made to non-sectar
ian institutions of learning, to schools, li
braries, colleges, academies, museums,
art collections and for similar objects.
Here is an alphabetically arranged list of
such gifts and bequests, together with
sundry notes of Interpretation:
ALBRIGHT, JOHN J.. Buffalo, N. Y.,
gift to Smith College, Northampton^
Mass.. $10,000.
ARNOLD. OLNET, Pawtucket. R. "X.
bequest to Tufts College, $5000.
ATWATER, MRS. CAROLINE SWIFT,
Poughkeepsie. N. Y., gift to Vassar Col
lege for its Infirmary, $12,000, doubling her
gift of 1899.
AVERT, SAMUEL PUTNAM, New
York, sift to the New York Public Li
brary, a collection of 17,000 prints, etch
lugE, lithographs and photographs, repre
senting the labor of . more than thirty
years and a large expenditure of money.
BARTLETT, A- C, Chicago, gift to Chl
cag-o University, for a physical culture
ball, $125,000.
BATES, ELIZABETH H., Port Chester,
STEEL. EDWARD T., Philadelphia,
daughters of the late, gift to the new high,
school, a memorial stained glass window,
•cost $15,000.
PTE1NERT, MORRIS. New Haven, gift
to 1'ale University, his collection of mu
sical Instruments and manuscripts, the
former comprising about 500 separate
pieces, many of them exceedingly rare.
STEVENS. FRANK S-. Swansea, Mass.,
bequest to the town, a free public library,
dedicated September 19.
8TILLMAN, JAMES, New York, gift to
Harvard University. $50,000. doubling his
gift of 1?9» for a students' hospital.
STOKES, the Misses,' New York. Joint
gift to Yale University, Woodbridge Hall,
for the administration, cost $60,000.
TALCOTT, JAMES, and wife, gift to
Mount Holyoke College, for an arboretum,
$10,000. . ¦ - •
THOMPSON, JONATHAN. " Woburn,
¦ Masi., bequest' to the Burbeen free lec
ture fund, $3000; to the city of Woburn for
a free library, a plat of ground and his
residuarv estate.
T1LDEN, DR. JOHN NEWELL, Peeks
•kill, N: Y., gift to the village, the old
Henry Ward Beecher residence, fully
equipped for a public library.
TILTON, Mrs. CAROLINE STAN
NARD, New Orleans; gift to Tulane Uni
versity, for a library bulldingr, $50,000.
TURNER. ELISHA. Torrington. Conn.,
bequest to the Torrington Library Asso
ciation, $100,000. :" : iV
VAN WICKLE, AUGUSTUS. Hazleton,
Pa., bequests to Princeton University,
$45,000; Brown University. $45,000; Lafay
ette College, $30,000. vj ' ,
VASSAR COLLEGE, Poughkeepise. N.
Y.. gift from Boston alumnae, $25,000, se
curing proffered gift of like> amount, all
for a biological laboratory-
VlLLARD, HENRY. New York, be
quests American Museum of Natural His
tory and Metropolitan Museum of Art,
each $5000, three other Institutions in New
York each $2500 and to Columbia and Har
vard, universities, unrestricted, each. $50.
000. •
WADSWORTH. HERBERT and WIL
LIAM A., joint gift to Harvard Univer
sity, $26,500.
WALLACE, RODNEY. ' Fltchburg.
Mass., gift to Smith College, Northamp
ton, Mass.. $20,000.
WARNER, EZRA J.. Chicago, gift to
! Middlebury (Vt.) College for a science
hall, $23,000, supplementing" a previous gift
for the same purpose of $50,000.
WELLESLEY COLLEGE, gifts from
friends, names withheld, for endowment
of chair of Biblical History and Literature
and the Kimball Professorship of Art,
each $50,000; to gymnasium fund, $5000.
WELLS, DAVID AMES, Norwich.
Conn, (died 1S38), bequests made available
by the death of his son, David Dwight
Wells, to Harvard University. Williams
College and the City Library, Springfield,
Mass.. each 537.000.
WESTINGHOUSE COMPANY, through
Walter C. Kerr. gift to Cornell "University,
a complete outfit of the Parsons turbine,
costing $6500.
WHITIN, Mrs. John C. Whitlnsville.
Mass., gift to Wellesley College, a fully
equipped astronomical observatory.
WHITNEY, DAVID, Detroit, Mich'., be
quests to Alma and Olivet Colleges, each
$3000.
WIDENER, PETER A. B;, Philadel
phia, gift to the city for a memorial
library, his costly residence and its con
tents.
WILSON, MYRON H., Chicago, gift to
the Northwestern University Settlement,
for the erection of a new hall. $50,000. .
WOLCOTT, ex-Governor ROGER, Bos
ton, bequests to Harvard University, $20.
000; Massachusetts General Hospital and
Boston Museum of Fine Arts, each $5000;
Milton Public' Library, $2000; Hampton
Normal and Industrial Institute, Tuske
gee Normal and Industrial Institute and
Wolcott Library. LItchfleld, Conn., each
$1000.
WOODFORD, STEWAP.T L.. Brooklyn.
N. Y., gift to Berkeley Institute for three
scholarships, $9000.
YANKTON (S. D.) COLLEGE, gifts
from, friends, $30,000, securing gift from
Dr. Daniel K. Pearsons of Chicago of
$50,000.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSO
CIATION. Hyde Park, Mass.. gift from a
friend for building fund. $25,000.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSO
TION. New Haven. Conn., gifts from
friends for auditorium. $35,000. '
Iron, coal, general mining, railroads and
statistics. .
SOUND BEACH. CONN., subscription
of summer residents for a public high
school (to cost $12,000), more than $5000.
SPRAGUE,\ JOSEPH W., Louisville.
Ky., bequest to the United States Govern
ment for the Smithsonian Institution, the
remote reversion of $250,000.
SPRECKELS. CLAUS, San Francisco,
gift to the city, a public music stand la
Golden Gate Park, cost $100,000; dedicated
Sotomber 9.
SPRING, JOHN RAND. San Francisco,
glf t t3 the public library of Newburyport,
Mass.; $20,000.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
DUN, ROBERT GRAHAM, New York,
bequfBts to the Metropolitan Museum of
Art, 25 paintings, valued at $200,000.
V DURAND, HENRY C., Lake Forest,
111., gift to Lake Forest University, $20,000.
DUTTON, MRS. EVERELL F., Syca
more. 111., gift to the- Sycamore Public
Library, for a new building, $25,000.
D WIGHT, EDMUND, Boston, bequests
to thp Art Museum, two paintings by Wil
liam M. Hunt* and one by Washineton
Allstcn, and to Harvard University the
reversion of $125,000. .. .':.
, DWIGHT. JOHN. New York, gift to"
Mount Holyoke College, for a memorial
art building. $60,000. • : . .
EASTMAN, GEORGE. Rochester, N. Y.,
gift to the Rochester Mechanics' Institute,
$200,000.
E1CHLER, MRS. MARIE, New York,
bequests to seven institutions in New
York. $11,000, and two in Germany, $5250. \
ETHICAL CULTURE, SOCIETY FOR,
New York, gifts from three friends,
names withheld, for new building- fund,
$150,000.
FAHNESTOCK. HARRIS C New
Ycrk, gift to the New York Post-Gradu-
New York, bequest to St. Joseph's Theo»
logical Seminary, $10,000. ¦
GODDARD, • CHANCELLOR WIL
LIAM, Providence, R. L, gift to Brown
"University, 523,000. ¦
GOLDSTONE, N. L.. Des Moines," Iowa,
bequests to local Institutions, "ll^OOO.
GOULD, HELEN M., New "York, gifts
to the New, York' University, for a Hall
of 'Fame for Great Americans, $100,000; to
Berea (Ky.) College, $5000, and Hall of
the ,Chr:st building fund, Chautauqua,
$5000. ¦ . ': • ¦•.-.:
GREENWICH (CONN.) LIBRARY,
gift from friend, name withheld, $10,000.
GURLEY, W. F. E., Danville, 111.,. gift
to the University of Chicago, a paleonto
logical collection of 700,000 specimens, per-
Bonally gathered In the Mississippi Valley,
valued at more than $125,000. ;.
| HAHNEMANN ASSOCIATION, New
England, gift to Boston University School
of Medicine; $7000.
HALSTEAD, JOHN. New York, bequest
to Cooper Union of his residuary estate,
estimated at $300,000.
HARRISON, PROVOST, CHARLES C,
establish a recreation pier there.
JESUp; MORRIS K.. New. York? gifts
to Princeton University, $25,000. and Yale
University, the Landberk \ collection of
Arabic manuscriots, cost $20,000. ' , ' ¦,
JOHNSON. WILLIAM M.. Hackensack,
N: J., gift to the village, eround and a
public library -building, estimated cost
$40,000. ' '•¦.¦¦
KENT/SIDNEY A., Suffield, Conn., be
quests to the University of Chicago and
the Chicago Art Institute, each $50,000.
KLEINERT, ISAAC B., New York, gift
to the Hebrew Union College, Cincinnati,
$7000. ¦
KNIGHT. ROBERT, Providence, R, I.,
gift to Brown University. $25,000.
LAMSON, .WILLIAM, Le Roy. N. Y.,
bequests j to Yale University, $150,900.
NICKERSON, SAMUEL M.. and wife,
Chicago, gift to the Chicago Art Institute,
their collections of paintings, engravings,
Chinese and Japanese porcelains, jades,
bronzes and other art works, the whole
valued at $300,000.
NORMAN, GEORGE H., Newport, L. I.,
bequest to the Rogers High School, $10,
000, and the Newport Hospital, Redwood
Library and Free Library of Newport,
each $5000.
OSBORN, WILLIAM. Plttsburff, be
quest to Oberlin College for endowment of
the president's chair. $40,000. *!¦¦•'-<¦?'
' OTTENDORFER, OSWALD. New York
City, bequests American Museum of Nat
ural History, $25,000; New York Free Cir
culating Library, $20,000, and Society for
. Ethical Culture, $10,000.
' PEARSONS, DANIEL KIMBALL, M.
D..* Chicago, gifts, on fulfillment of spe
cific conditions, to Mount Holyoke College,
South Hartley, Mass.; Yankton (S. D.) Col
lege, Berea (Ky.) College, Colorado Col
leg^, Colorado Springs; McKenzie College,
J-cbanon, 111.;' Grand Prairie College!
Onarga. III.; Lake Forest University, Illi
nois; Carleton College, Northfleld, Minn.,
and two other institutions, the names of
which and-^the amount of the gifts are
to remain a secret during his lifetime, an
aggregate of $500,000, making the whole
amount of his gifts to colleges in the past
ten years about $3,0QO.0CO. /
PERRY. MARSDEN J., Providence, R.
I., gift to Brown University, $25,000.
' PHELPS. DODGE & CO., New York,
gift to Columbia University, for endow
ment of Schools .of Mining arid Metal
lurgy. $10,000.
PHIPPS, HENRY. Pittsburg. gift,
chiefly for pupils of the public schools, a
thoroughly equipped botanical school In
Schenley Park.
PHIPP8. HENRY JR.. Pittsburg. gift
to the First Ward Public School of that
city, for a boys' playground, a tract of
land valued, with improvements, at $100,
ooo. • ; C:J; • •
PIERCE. MOSES, Norwich. Conn., be
quests.' $60,000 for the Mutual Training
School of the Norwich .Free Academy.
PINCHOT, J. W., New York, wife and
eons GIFFORD and AMOS, gift to Yale
University for endowment of the new
School of Forestry. $130,000.
QUINT ARD. GEORGE W.. New York,
gift to the University of the South, Su
wanee,.Tenn., for a memorial dormitory,
$50,000.
REW, HENRY C. Newark. N. Y., gift
to the village, a pufilic library, cost $20.
000, and the salary of a librarian for a
yea r.
~ RICE, MRS. ALICE M., Worcester,
Mass.. bequests to Bowdoin College, $25,
000; Worcester Polytechnic Institute, di
rect, $5000, in reversion $5000. and the res
idue of her estate, which is estimated at
$500,000, to Worcester Polytechnic Insti
tute.
RICKER. JOSEPH. Portland. Me., be
quests Bowdoin College. $20,000; Ancient
Landmark Charity Fund of Portland,
$5000.
ROBINSON. S.. Boston, bequest to the
town of Gllmanton, N. H.. for Improve
ment of the public roads. 540,000.
ROCHESTER THEOLOGICAL SEMI
NARY, gifts from friends, securing a like
amount from John D. Rockefeller, $100,000.
ROCHESTER (N. Y.) UNIVERSITY*
OF, gifts from friends, to secure admis
sion of woman students. $30,000.
ROCKEFELLER, JOHN ©.. New York,*
gifts to Spellman Seminary. Atlanta, Ga.,
$180,000; Newton (Mass.) Theological Sem
inary, $150 ,C00, conditional on a like amount
being given by others; Brown University:
Providence, R. I., on the raising of $730,000
for endowment within a year, $250,000;
Denison University, ; Granvllle, Ohio, on
condition that $150,000 be raised elsewhere,
$100,000; Wellesley College, $100,000; Baptist
College, Des Moine3, Iowa, $50,000; Buck
nell University, Lcwisburg. Pa., $15,000;
University of Chicago, Christmas gift.
$1,500,000; also to the university a duplica
tion of all gifts In 1900 up to $500,000. Four
years ago he promised to duplicate every
gift up to $2,000,000 that should be made
by January 1, 1900. The carrying out of
this pledge, and his special gift3 during
1900 brought. the tocal of .his gifts to the
university up to S9.133.S74. To Rochester
Theological Seminary, on subscription by
friends of a like amount, $100,000.
ROUSS, CHARLES BROADWAY, New
York, gift to city of Winchester, Va., for
a City Hall, $30,000; to the city of New
York, a bronze group representing Wash
ington greeting Lafayette, by Barthold!.
SATH'ER. MRS. JAMES KROM, Oak
land. Cal., gifts to the University of Cali
fornia for a chair in classical literature,
$73,000, and for a book fund for the law
library, property valued at $25,000.
SAYLES, FRANK A.. Providence, R. I.,
gift. to Brown University. $50,000.
SCHELL, ROBERT, New York, be
quests to the New York Historical So
ciety, the New York University, each
$20,000; Rutgers College. $10,OCO..
. SCHIFF, JACOB H.. New York, gift to
.Harvard University, $10,000.
SCHOENF1ELD, MAX, formerly of
Philadelphia, now of Rorshach, Switzer
land, gift to the National Farm, Scho'ol,
Doylestown, Pa.. $10X00.
SEIBERT, SAMUEL, Hagerstown, Md.,
.bequests : to . Lutheran Theological Sem
inary, . Gettysburg, $S00O; Pennsylvania
College, $4000; other Lutheran institutions,
$3000, and the Susquehanna Lutheran Uni
versity, Selinsgrove, Pa., a residue of
about $10,000.
LEWIS H., New York,
gift to Oberlin College for the chemical
laboratory,' $60,000.
SMITH, CHARLES E., Philadelphia,
bequests to the Academy of Natural Sci
ences, one-sixth of his estate of $500,000 and
a 'valuable collection of. botanical books
and dried plants; the ; Franklin Institute,
his large collection of books relating to
three paintings — Piombo's "Columbus,"
for which 540,000 was paid; Hayden's
"Napoleon at St. Helena" and Lucy's
"Lord I Nelson " in the Cabin of the Vic
tory"; to the same a collection of ancient
Greek ornaments, valued at $130,000.
MOUNT HOLYOKE COLLEGE. South
Hadley.i Mass., gift from friends to endow
a chair of philosophy, $25,000.
AMERICANS THE MOST
CHARITABLE PEOPLE IN
THE WORLD
2The chemical odors and artificial ether
eal oils of German manufacture have
greatly injured the French flower field
industry, as the prices for the artificial
odors are much less than those of tha
natural ones.
of -them, and ths few who, saw a point
laughed within an -inch of their lives.
Now this was all the •> wide-awake . au
dience needed to warrant" an investiga
tion. Hydraulic pressure . is entirely su
perfluous to apply to" San Francisco
minds. They are, <• therefore, finding out
for themselves, one at a time, even if It
does cost them something. • *
Judge Conley of Madera County is
probably haying more fun out of the fad
than any one else on the Pacific Coast.
He makes a business of initiating people
and has become a ready, solicitor for the
Buffalo cause.' l He approaches- a' friend
with all the confidence of a life insurance
man and announces: *.; t 
•' \"I am? now " chief exalted ruler of • the
Order of.: Buffalo: Brothers with power
to make you a. life member. I take pleas
ure in pronouncing you eligible. You
simply .pay me ill cents and I'll do the
When a silver -dollar Is handed to the
benign Judge he accepts. It j with "a smile
of such; glittering brightness as would
put the shining dollar to .shame. . Then;
with a graceful sweep of the hand, he
deposits the money in his pocket without
mentioning '; the -.: matter of \ change ; • and
when the new Buffalo asks for 'It, Judge
Conley suddenlyl looks surprised; and an
swers: ? "Oh! ; there won't be any. Lefs
Eest authority points to v the members
of the Beefsteak Club as the instigators
of the Buffalo plot. This ¦ information is
confirmed by Mr. George S. Adams, an
officer of the Alder Spears' Sons Co., 100
William street, New York City. Mr.
Adams is a well known New Yorker of
best social . standing, besides being highly
connected In larga business interests. He
is also a'Beefsteaker, and, while at the
Palace Hotel in this city a few weeks
ago took great "pleasure in. putting "his
acquaintances in touch with the Buffalo
end of the steak.
The Beefsteak Club was started as a
side issue of the Crescent Athletic Club
of New York, a' circle within a circle, in
cluding the same members in b'oth. Now,*
when the small j end of' their steak , began
to have a sameness about it, which palled
upon their would-be athletic tastes, they
turned to Buffalo tactics in order to whet
their appetites. They are all good fellows
and Buffaloes- and claim . credit for the
happy thought.
If San Francisco did not start the craze
she certainly has made good use of - the
"Buffalo" precedent since it came along.'
It was only. a;few weeks ago-that Miss
Josephine Gassmann appeared at . the Or
pheum in a vaudeville sketch, ' introduc
ing some of the blackest of pickaninnies".
"Are you a 'Buffalo?" she asked of one
all have "something: on the new member.
It's a Buffalo on him."
-The Judge took a day off a fortnight
ago and came to . San Francisco for the
sole purpose of initiating his friends. By
evening hie was very tired, said it was a
hard day's "work," but well worth while
and .that he had not handled so much
money in one day for a long time.
Judge Conley has his own way of in
spiring the applicants to offer large pieces
of silver for their initiation fees, which
leaves him large margins with which to
treat' the cheerful bystanders. When he
initiated . one of ¦ San ' Francisco's best
known; citizens, : the new member ten
dered'him thrse nickels nearest at hand,
but these" were ' declined by the ambitious
Judge. . , .-;'..'
'"If you . will excuse me I'll not accept
them, ort ; of courtesy and respect to the
fieparted^William, Jennings Bryan. ¦ As
chief exalted ruler of a society which ob
serves the fine points of life, I insist upon
silver for the sake of Bryan. I will take
gold, however." • , ;
He got it, thanks to his wiles. . Had ex
actly.: 11 cents been offered, ¦ however, the
Judge would have been obliged to accept
it (h» . being the soul of •¦ honor), even
though Buch an instance would have
compelled him to ' stand tho expense of
the liquid refreshment*.
*^f RE you .*» Buffalo? If not, you must
f I become one immediately. That is,
I I if you care to be on the inside of
>• I things. Who doesn't? To be a Buf
falo is the latest craze in New York
and other Eastern cities, and it is need
less to say that San Franciscans are also
tasting the sweets of this secret society.
They must take the bitter with the sweet,
however, for. simple as it seems to join
the universal herd of Buffaloes, there are
dark, unfathnmed caves of surprises just
beyond, on the ether side of initiation.
' "What does it mean to be a Buffalo?"
you ask of a friend when he suggests
that you become one of their number. He
abruptly tells you to never mind, but say
yes or no. Then he adds a few reassuring,
but somewhat ambiguous remarks and
you see at once that in order to under
stand them it would be necessary to Join
the society, for "mum" Is certainly the
watchword of your merciless friend (?)
"Well, I'm with you." is your brave de
cision. "Bring on your boiling oil. What
must I do to get in?"
Your informant leads you to believe
that it is the easiest thing In the world.
Initiation fee Is only 11 cents and, of
course, you're eligible. "Walt a moment
till I get a few witnesses."
You see him darting about the club
with an exultation in his heels that baf
fles description and yet you cannot help
wondering why he is so dead anxious to
have all of his friends on the scene of ac
tion. Then, too, what means that twinkle
In his eye?- Of course, you are not curi
ous. I'm not saying that, for curiosity Is
a. feminine heritage and entirely out of
your province, we are told, but in this
case you simply wish you knew.
When your friend returns with all the
dub fellows available on short notice you
venture another question, only to be told
that It is yours "not to reason why," and
you straightway determine to do and die
and be a Buffalo; for it would never do
to be Identified as a Mr. Fraid 'e Daresn't,
or to be numbered among the hopeless im
possibles.
You are now called upon in the pres
ence of this willing assembly to produce
the requisite 11 cents. Eleven dollars
would be nearer your size. It would be a
mistake to suppose that you, dear sir,
have anything smaller about you than a
golden X. At any rate you draw one
from your pocket, whereupon every man
in the crowd becomes convulsed with de
light. You fail to see the humor of the
situation, but your friends do not seem
to care for that; far from it. Their sole
Interest is In seating themselves comfort
ably, after which they proceed to order
champagne with a freedom that is start
ling, especially so as you are being told
that you are to "stand for everything,"
Including the laughs, which appear to be
coming your way; for it is one of the un
written laws of this modern order of
united Buffaloes that when a new-fledged
member pays his initiation fee, there shall
be no change forthcoming, but that the
difference between 11 cents and the coin
tendered by the applicant for membership
shall belong to the Buffalo who initiates
him, to be appropriated as the spirit
moves him in offering the happy onlookers
the cup that cheers— and a good brand in
the bargain.
You decide to make the best of it, and
are planning the fun you can have initi
ating your untried friends when a toast
is offered by one of the merry members.
You clink your glass in true American
fashion and are about to drink when the
others call "Buffalo." The wise waiter
hastens to the spot like the veritable ad
juster of Insurance companies at an alarm
of fire. One friend explains that you have
Tiolated a rule of the order m drinking
with your right hand and can only rein
state yourself by' ordering another round
of drinks for the crowd, which you lose
no time in doing.
By this time you insist upon being en
lightened as to all the ins and outs. If
your initiating friend is at all' generous
he explains the several rules to you. If
ho omits one, however, the misfortune is
yours, for ignorance is no excuse for a
Buffalo. If you depart from one law of
the order and get caught at it by a fellow
Buffalo, you can only pay the penalty by.
supplying liquid refreshments for every
one present. •¦
Two Buffaloes must greet each other
by. shaking tho left hand, while you strike
a pugilistic attitude with the right, as
though threatening to land a fatal upper
cut on the opposite but erstwhile smiling
jaw. '. ; '\ : ': '•?•'¦'.
One of the 'rules compels you to carry a
copper cent in a convenient pocket to pro
duce when called for by a fellow member.
Another calls for "sobriety and silence,"
but this is a rule in name only, for even
the most optimistic Buffaloes are striking
this out of the by-laws for the sake of
substituting "something easy."
To become a Calf is the highest degree
of the order, but do not be too ambitious,
for this happy state is rarely attained.' .
You learn that the sign of the Buffalo
Is the left hand over the left ear. Then
you master the distress signal and you
may start out for ¦ new fields to conquer
for the fun of the Buffalo . cause. '¦'•. .';':.-
As to the oritrin of this popular order
there is a difference of opinion— a differ
ence as far as the east is from-the west;
for ' Boston is positive that the honor \ is
hers, wnile Los Angeles aspires | to ' the
same distinction. II is supposed by many
that the city of Buffalo started the craze,
but. this is erroneous, for several Eastern
cities were enjoying it before the prospec
tive expositionists even heard of the or
der.
Are You a "Buffalo?"
Have You Ever
Eaten Living
Honey Bottles ?
*jffi LATE traveler in New Mexico had
il\ for his dessert a unique dish. It
Ji V» was like, yet unlike, so many am-
ber colored cherries, each, with a
most peculiar stem.
Doubtful, yet polite, he put one between
his teeth, and was surprised to find that
the little sac contained a honey-Ilka
liquid, .^i;'
"I . this Is your first acquaintance
with the honey ant," said his host. "He
flourishes with us, but does not get up to
your Northern climes. I believe Colorado
is his limit."
Then, in answer to the question on his
guest's face, he gave the following little
history:
"The honey ant Is a small red Insect.
living in rounded mounds, or, in some
cases, in low heaps extended over an area
from twenty to> thirty feet square. He is
most industrious, like others of the ant
family. Indeed, he' works day and night.
u His food is a sweet, syrupy fluid, gathered
from galls, those curious enlargements of
growth on trees and plants.
"With thi3 he fills his body, and as.
unlike his cousin the bee, he has not add
ed the making of vessels for food storage
to his other accomplishments, he supplies
the deficiency In a novel and interesting
manner. In other words, he uses for this
purpose the larger individuals of his own
species.
"The liquid food is forced into the crops
of these selected ones, each foraging trip
adding to the supply, until these crops,
which nature has covered with plates that
can spread apart as needs arises, have
reached their limit of distention.
"The living bottles, or receptacles, are
now practically helpless. They are not
neglected by "their companions, however.
A dark room is built for their accommo
dation, and here they cling to- the ceil
ing, receiving additions to their stores or
supplying: food ' for the hungry workers.
The people In this part of the country
esteem the honey ant a delicacy. We ase
it ' for our desert as you use grapes or
currants-"
bET a Paris modiste and a New York
figure get together and there is
fcomething doing.
Miss Redding says that the Paris
ians are delighted to get hold of an
American when it comes to dress-making.
This is not according to tradition: we
have been in th« "way of supposing that
the Worths and Felixes thought there
•were no such women In the world as
those of their native land. She says no.
They consider that a good specimen of us
Is a treat to fit.
Miss Redding's figure is typically a New
Tork one. She is built with the big
physique that has come to be our national
standard; it suggests golf and wheeling
and healthy dressing. She is distinguished
from the Californian In being more slen
der; she is built more as Gibson draws his
¦women of the East. Given her, you can
see in the pictures what Paris art has ac
complished.
The big photo shows a rose pink silk
covered with point de Venise lace. It Is
really made in two parts, but the waist
line is concealed as much as possible to
give the effect of a princess gown. The
lace is drawn ur> to cover the belt, so that
at a short distance there seems to be no
belt at all.
Ruffle upon ruffle of pink chiffon fin
ishes the low neck, falling in billows over
the bodice and shoulders. The same chif
fon flounces the skirt and forms the "train.
It also edges the sleeves, falling as far as
the knuckles.
Miss Redding has a fad for what she
calls "tarantulas"; on this go;vn they are
made of black velvet ribbon, wired to
stand spiderwise on the left shoulder.
Another sprawls on the front of the skirt.
They are very stunning in their contrast
with the delicate pink.
The lilac silk is another spider-trimmed
gown. Its spiders are of velvet of the
same shade as the silk. Lilac chiffon
forms the flounces and ruffles on , the
l.odice.
The silver embroidery on this gown is
the most stunning thing about it. It
spreads in great starfish designs over the
front of the skirt; it trails around over,
the back: it forms the belt and borders
the pointed overskirt.
The hat worn with this costume is of
liliic shirred chiffon. Big puffs of the
chiffon trim it and its streamers are of
the same. I-ong sprays of lilac blossoms,
real enough to be dewy and fragrant, trail
about the left side of the hat, which is
mere bonnet than hat.
The black costume is of silk crepe,
tucked all over. The tucks are about a
half-inch in width. They run 'on the bias
in front, giving a dip effect where they
meet and so fulfilling the season's de
mands. The same bias tucks meet on the
bedice. Two pleatings of black chiffon
edge . the skirt.
Yoke and sleeves are of tucked chiffon,
with zigzag insertions of black chantilly.
The stock matches, and a pretty neck and
arms are given a chance to show them
selves r-t their best. .
The gown is severely simple in design
and would be dowdy on any but a good
figure.
The hat for it Is a Paris creation. It la
made of pleats of white illusion, sewed
round and, round, each pleat edged with a
tiny thread of gold. A broad black velvet
bow buckled with jet and two sweeping
black ostrich plumes complete the outside.
It is on the inside, the little tuck u
fiway nooks and half-seen places that tha
Parisian always lets himself loose. Un
derneath this hat is a poem. Folds of soft
two-toned silk face it: the tones are gold
and pink. Close against the folds lie three
roses, gold-of-ophir roses, that shade like
the silk between gold and pink.
The foulard is the perfect shade of blue
that you see once in a" while in an April
sky and not once In a thousand times on
a silk counter. It Is in one of the new
showy designs, black and white linked
spirals and very large ones. White chif
fon forms the flounces and borders the
short sleeves — they are only. elbow length.
The gown is made with an adiustable
guimpe of white lace. This gives high or
low neck, as you like. It is a very sensi
ble style to adopt for those of us who do
not employ a special car for our trunks.
From a knot of black velvet ribbon on
the bust hang long streamers of the same.
"Please notice that they are not finished
with spikes," says Miss Redding, in large
capitals.
A white folded chiffon hat completes the
costume. It is a hat with, a crown, for
crowns are with us once more. A wide
black velvet bow, a knot of chiffon ; a gold
buckle and pink rose3 trim it.
The costume which Miss Redding
brought back from Paris with the most
triumph is the brocade. The cause of her
triumph is that the gown was made .for
Helen of Montenegro, now Queen of Italy:
bo this is in reality a Queen's gown that
she Is wearinj.
There were six of these robes which Fe
lix had completed at the royal lady's or
der when she all of a sudden had to go
into mourning. This threw them back en
Felix's hands and He thereupon put them
on exhibition in the Paris Exposition as
examples of nineteenth century dress
making art.
One of the lot was labeled "La Soli
taire." Miss Redding's curiosity was ex
cited by this and she inquired the reason.
The explanation was that it was the only
one that was nowhere trimmed with black
velvet.
This fact took her fancy. She likes
things that are unique. So she negotiated
for the dress, found that it fitted her with
scarcely an alteration, and she brought it
away with her.
The silk ground Is covered -with a trail
ins design of what appear to be pink
bluebells. At intervals upon this ground
are hand-embroidered leaves. They are
woodbine leaves still in the intense green
that they wear in the early season. Light
green chiffon flounces the skirt and fin
ishes the sleeve. An odd thing is* the way
that tiny ban'd3 of it are shirred into
ropes, yards upon, yards, that are draped
across the bodice and wired into. a "spi
der" on the shoulder. Looped strings oC
pearls. cover the front of the bodice.
THE SUNDAY; '"CALL.
rest."
3
Photo by Alisky.
FRANCESCA REDDING AND HER
PARISIAN GOWNS¦¦-"A ' Million . Dollar Freight Train." by :
Frank H. Spearman, Is a good account of
a strike and ; - la. 'plucky boy-, engineer— all.
told with a charming : drollriesa '.that, will
serve [ to , lighten ' the gloom of the second
Istory.;- ;. : '.j. .¦'.; ';¦ : .'/¦¦/.- ¦•_¦-. ;
vY'The. Winning of the Transcontinental,"
by ,; -William ; McLeod Raine, Is a - rattling
good . account . of a "boom" ,town" ; and a '¦
."boom" -promoter — a -promoter with 'real'
grit and , plenty :of -Yankee artifice to ; win
for. himself, the girl of his choice -and -for '
his town the terminal station of a* trans
continental road.' ' . v • ,. /¦
"Conductor Pat ; Francisi" * by Frank - H.
. "The" Farmer's .__. Railroad 4 ,", by ¦ P. - B.
Tracy,' has not the same cheerful ending,
but it ia a story of " labor, hardships and
self-sacrifice that will stick In your brain
for'some time to come; - "
"The Night- Run on the -Overland", by
Elmore Ellfott Peake tells of the'-'wild
ride of a railroad president's daughter.
She has married, against her father's will,
a poor young. Engineer/ and, with her hus
band, a freight engine driver on a Western
road, they are having a hard struggle. At
the time of the story the husband is seri
ously ill. The engineer of the overland
flyer falls dead and they come to this sick
man to run the great tlme-beater. through
to the next divMon on schedule. It seems
to him the opportunity of his life. He
tries to. move, out 'cannot 'get up from his
sick-bed. The wife volunteers to run the
engine in place of her husband.,-The'de
scription of this wild drive , of iron' and
steam through the stormy night, over, the
worst part of the road, is splendidly told.
The denouement is particularly pleasing,
for, after the reader has. held his breath
all during ; the last . frightful . dash down
grade; he enjoys 'the felicity of knowing
that "Papa" is on the, train In a special
car. • He is further accorded the pleasure
of seeing father and daughter in each oth
er's arms .and knows that all trouble has
ended with the story. . •...
"The Railroad" is made up of six-stories
all devoted to happenings on;' the rail.
Each story is by a different author, but
ail bear the stamp of clever short story
¦writers. ' r >,v.;.- ¦ ¦.. , ' ' ' .
eecond volume. !^he Railroad," Is ready
for distribution. , .
.In this way It came to pass'that Maurice
.Thompson had 'to write for years In cora-
Last year Maurice Thompson came sud- •
denly to , the front through: his! novel,
"Alice of O'.d Vincennes.";It is not- to be
said that "Alice of Old Vincennes" -is not
a splendid novel, for, in. every .way,, It de
serves that .title,; from -the; beginning,' to^
the end: still it is to be regretted thats ,
after years of writing: Thompson - shouki
:spring suddenly into fame through' a hia- •
torlcal novel and not < through his essays. /
His rerJly best work has been done in that
line, tut then it must be remembered ithat ;
for one person who delights in the perusal j
of a well-written essay there are ten who '
will prefer a popular novel. ,,
Stories. by Maurice Thompson.
Mr. Hornung: haa a direct, simple and
strong way of telling, a story that Is most
enjoyable. He gets his plot well in mind
and never wanders from it for an instant.
His descriptions are interesting and al
ways well chosen so that the reader finds
even the most trivial matter is there for a
'purpose; if not seen at once it will develop
at some later point in the story. The au
thor drops a hint : here and then another
there, but It is only when the. last page
haa been turned that the last link is
found. Altogether Mr. H.ornung's ; book
makes most delightful reading for. any one
who likes a well-sustained plot and -wishes
to meet characters full of life, spirit and
mental vigor. " (Published by ' Charles
Scribner's Sons, New York. $1 25.) .
The rascal proves treacherous and, after
leading her into the middle of this desert,
"Blind Man's Block," which Is' notorious
as a death trap, he takes the horse away
from her and leaves her to die of thirst.
The horse proves the downfall .of the
wretch, for before the man has succeeded
in getting out of hearing distance he is_
thrown • heavily to earth and lies there
disabled by his fall. Then it is that Moya
has the upper hand and forces a confes
sion from him that is as startling as' it -is
satisfactory -to the -reader. ¦
him to a pardon through the influence of
her family if he will return to the police
station, starts to pobfeck with the man
walking at the head of her horse.
The author not only gives excel
. lent descriptions • of the country
through which the party passed, the
customs of- the peopla and their pecu
liarities, but he presents many facts
cf real value to travelers who may
be tempted to take th.3 same route.
Ths journey from Vladivostok to
Moscow by rail and river took thirty
eight days and Mr. Clark thinks that
this is the minimum time in which
the trip can be made. In fact, he says
that it might easily be" prolonged to
three or four, months instead of, as
many weeks. He says that the" cost
cf this trip at the present "time i3
about one. hundred and fifty dollars,
which is certainly not very expensive
for a six-thousand-mUe excursion.
KvV. iPlrHOCIiS ID., WllltLoC, LIMA
this novel trip which appeal most io
the gsneral reader and convey the
greatest . information. In a work of
this kind where there is naturally so
iauch material tho untrained . writer
is apt to be prolix and prove a bore.
There is not a dry page in "A New
Way Around the World."
THE R*v. Francis E. Clark, D.D.,
president of. the United Society
of Christian Endeavor, tells an
interesting story of -the first Ameri
can party that went around the -world
through Europs and over the Trans-
Siberian Railway. " His book is pub
lished by Harper & Bros., New York,
under the title of "A New Way
Aro?lnd en Old World." Pries S1.5O.
This volume is devoted to the last
six wiaeks of the journey, or that part
of it which ' led the party over the
novel Siberian- route. The all-steam
route from Vladivostok to St. Peters
burg had be«n opened only a few day3
when the autiior and his party"bagan
their journey, so they were practical
ly pioneer travelers of th? road. Mr.
Clark had a camera with him and the
result is sixty full-page illustrations
which illuminate tho text and add no
small charm to the book. . V^V ::
Mr. Clark has .an excellent' de
scriptive pen and apparently an edi
torial training which enables hiin to
set forth concisely just. the points of
there is plenty of excitement for even this
Fhort period — enough. In fact, to last %.n
ordinary mortal a lifetime. .
Pelham Ttigden Is being paid a visit by
his fcctrothed. Moya Bethune, and her
brother. They are to be married soon,
nrd she has come to this great sheep
ranch, almost in the wilderness, to see
how she will like her future home.
- It seems that Rig-den is not in a position
to take particular pride in his ancestry,
fcr his father has been and still .'is in
prison' He has not confided this secret to
Moya, and "the shadow "of a man" that
coir.es between them Is the sudden appear
ance of a convict who announces privately
to Rigden that he is none other than Rig
den's own father, just escaped.
A sergeant of police and a black tracker
appear almost immediately on the trail of
this wretch, whom Ridgen has consented
to save. All sorts of complications imme
diately arise.
- Moya at . once becomes suspicious and
takes her lever to task for not giving her
his confidence. In the altercation that fol
lows they break their engagement,- but
still Moya is too proud to tell her brother
at once of the trouble, for that young
man from the first had by no means ap
proved of the match.
• Rigden, with his mind made up to save
this man who_ as his father, goes
out that night' with the convict's shoes,
and makes tracks to mislead the sergeant,
who has taken up his quarters at < the
ranch. While the police are following this
false scent the convict makes his escape
in another direction.
The black tracker: finally suspects that
the false tracks are wrong, for he finds
that the indications in the soft ground are
that the man they are now following fills
the " shoea out more" than the one • they
traced to the station in the first place.
Making a search of RIgden's room, they
find the shoes that had belonged to the
convict and Itigden Is arrested and taken
to the distant police station. \
The convict has disappeared and it is Im
possible' to "follow him with trackers, 'for
to pass that the author's name Immedi
ately suggests an Australian story of
Borne kind.
Jlis latest book Is well up to the stand
ard of his usual excellence, and It, too,
tells of bush life, or rather an incident on
an Australian sheep farm. The time cov
ered In the story is only a few days, but
safety, thanks to Strings. She has barely
time tq slip on. feminine attire over h?r
masculine garb when the King and his
party arrive, and then appear the Duke
of Bucklneham and the Duchess of Ports
mouth. Buckingham* and : Portsmouth
think that they, have proof - that - Beau
Adair is Nell's lover and hope to turn the
King to a jealous revenge. As Nell Is her
self the Beau Adair it Is easy to under
stand the possibilities open to a clever
writer in giving the book a dramatic and
happy .ending. Mr. Hazleton Is equal to
the occasion and the closing scene is all
that the most romantfc" could desire.
fPubl'shed bv Charles Scribner's Sons,
New York. Price ?1 50.)
_.B. G. LATHROP.
The Shadow of a Man.
E. "W. Hnrnuns has come to be known as
a writer cf stories on Australian bu3h life,
although, his book last year. "Peccavi." la
a remarkably strong portraiture of an
Knplish clergyman and his effort to win
back public confidence, and "The Amateur
Cracksman" has a character that would
test the abilities of Sherlock Holmes to
the utmost. Both of these books show
that Mr. Hornung can write equally well
en subjects in no way related to life in the
bush, but the majority of his writings deal
with this phase of life, and so it has come
room, but the bird had flown. Some said that
the wicked farewell speech had been Adair's,
and «cEe ?ald not.
How it all happened, no one could tell, un
less it was a miracle.
. .
The denouement comes at Nell's own
home, ¦ which she manages to - reach In
cony. Below, one stcry only, lay a soft car
pet of greensward, shimmering In the moon
light. With her sword ehe struck the frail
sash, which Instantly yielded. •¦
Meantime the room had filled .with ccurtlers,
guards and gallants, who had rushed in, sword
and spear in hand, to guard the King.
As the glass shivered and flew wide, under
the ooint of Nell's blade, all eyes turned
toward her. and all blades quivered threaten
ingly in the air.
Buckingham was first to assend the steps in
pursuit. He was disarmed — more throueh the
superiority of Nell's position than through the
dexterity of her wrist.
Then for the first time she realized her dan
gen Her eyes ' starting from - their sockets,
she drew back from her murderous pursuers,
and In startled accents, she knew not why.
screamed in supplication, with hands uplifted:
"Gentlemen! Gentlemen!"
The storm was stayed. All paused to hear
what the stranger-youth would say. Would
he apologize or would he surrender?
The suspense ¦was but for a second, though
it seemed an eternity to Nell.
The open window was behind.
With a parting glance at the tremW.ng
blades Fhe turned quickly and with reckless
daring leaped the balcony. . \
"T hell with ye!" was wafted back in a
rich brosue defiantly by the night.
Astonishment and consternation filled the
The Ecene.was like a great blur before her
eyes.
She rushed upon the King and by him, she
scarce knew how. -Their swords harmlessly
clashed; that was alL .
The cries had been taken up without.
Jg "The guard! The guard; Treason! Treason!"
The air was alive with voices.
•Nell ran up the steps leading to a Trench
window, which opened upon a tiny railed bal-
NeH seemed not to hear the. words.
"Who, had he heard a murmur of . disap
proval, a shadow cast. upon her name,.. would
have sealed In death the presumptuous lips,
which uttered it."
"She betrayed his confidence?" asked Ports
mouth, breathlessly.
"Betrayed — and worse!" gesticulated Nell,
¦with the visage of a madman. "A woman
base, without a spark of kindliness— an adven
turess ! This is the picture of that Eleanor
Gwyn! Where is a champion to take up the
gauntlet for such a Nell?"
As Quick as light the King threw back the
arras and came between them. The Duchess
eaw him and cried out in surprise. Nell did
not turn— only caught a chair top to save her
eelf from falling.
"Here, thou defamer!" he called, his voice
husky with passion. "Thou base purveyor of
lies, answer me— me, for those words! I am
Nell's champion! I'll force you to own your
slander a He!" ) > ..' >•• -_.i
The King was terribly in earnest.
"The guard! The guard!" called Ports
mouth faintly, almost overcome by the scene.
In her passion that the King so revealed his
love for Nell, she quite forgot that Adair was
the bearer of her packet. . -¦'•>•
"I want no guard," commanded the King. N
"An insult to Nell Gwyn Is my cause alone."
Nell was in an elysium of ecstasy. Sh«
realized nothing, saw nothing.
"He loves me! He loves me!" her trembling
lips breathed only. "He'll fight for Nell."
. "Come: draw and defend yourself," angrily
cried the Kinr.
Portsmouth screamed and fell upon his arm.
It is doubtful what the result would other
was have been. True, Nell ofttimes had fenced
with the King and knew his' wrist, but she
•was no swordswoman now. Though she took
up In her delirium the King's challenge with
a wild cry, "Aye, draw and defend yourself;"
she realized nothing but his confession of love
for Nell.- ,
*-.r-oIME and again we have had novels
¦>! dramatized— In fact, the majority of
li successful plays of the present day
take their motif from some popular book.
But It Is something • new for an author
to write a play and then when his drama
becomes an assured success to turn about
and bring it forth in novel form.
George C. Hazleton Jr. ; has just done
this with hi« play "Nell Gwyn," and by
so doing has demonstrated that "no.veliz-
Ing" a play (if we may coin 1 the term for
the occasion) is Just as successful an ope
ration as dramatizing a novel.
He has given his book the alluring title
of "Mistress Nell— A Merry Tale of a
Merry Time (Twixt Fact and Fancy)."
The work as it now stands conforms very
closely to the play, but is vastly superior
to any "acting version" that might have
been put en the market: for these "act
ing versions," when before you in cold
type without the aid of stage settings and
accessories, are dry seading at the best.
Mr. Hazleton has been . wise in not at
tempting to pad his story with long de
scriptions, but confines himself to the dia
logue pure and simple. His work holds
you simply by its interest In the charac
. ters and plot.
The direct rqotif of the book Is the
struggle between Nell and the Duchess of
Portsmouth for favor In the eyes of the
Merry Monarch, King Charles. Nell is
actuated by pure love for the King, while
the Duchess is endeavoring to put the
ruler's affection for herself to political
advantage.
The storr opens with a bit of life be
hind the scenes at the King's house in
the <3avs when all London was again be
ginning to enjoy the royal patronage of
the playhouses and the first seasons of
mirth and laughter after the iron rule of
Cromwell and h!s dark-browed adherents.
It is Dryden's night with "The Conquest
of Granada" on the boards— and a first
night at that. Here we are Introduced to
Nell and have an opportunity of witness
ing her kindness and generosity to the
loss fortunate friend^ of her early days,
¦when life was a struggle for herself. She
keeps the King and audience waiting
while she can sell the wares of a poor
orange girl— for Nell had been an orange
girl in her day. And then later she gives
away the King's sift of a costly ring
that she ruay help the starving family
of an old violinist. Old Strings, the "fid
dler." is a prime character, and It is said
that the sympathetic words bestowed by
the old man on his violin sprang from the
author's tcr.der rejrard for his own sweet
tor.ed Gassard di Salo, which be loves so
to play.
Xext we see Nell high In regard of the
Kfng but consumed with jealousy of the
Duchess of Portsmouth. It !s Nell and
her orange girl tcaid, whom she had be
friended, and old Strings pitted against
the Duke of Buckingham and Portsmouth.
The Duke and Duchess are both anxious
to compromise Xell in the eyes of the
Merry Monarch— the one that he may win
her for himself and the other that she
may find favor sufficient to obtain his sig
nature to treaties desired by l.ouis of
France.
The Fceae at the tavern of Ye TJlue Boar
Inn with the discomfiture cf the Duchess
and the triumnh of Nell and later the
trouble -between the King and the land
lord—for the King has kept his rendez
vous incognito and finds he cannot settle
the supper bill, for his purse has been for
gotten—is well and humorously drawn.
The strongest part of the book !s in the
climax at the ball of ' the Duchess of
Portsmouth, to which Nell has received
no invitation, but appears nevertheless In
the disguise of a young gallant — Beau
Adair. - Her ruse • succeeds so perfectly
that she even ingratiates herself into the
graces of the Duchess and receives the
packet of signed papers which would
mean the ruin cf Charles II were they dn
- livered to the crafty Louis. Here it is tliat
Nell decides to test the love of the Kin?
for Nell Gwyn and while she finds that
his heart !s true to her it almost costs
her her life for the discovery.
She has just received the packet from
the hands of the Duchess and Is about to
depart, when —
As she was haetenlpe by the amm her quick
eye, however, recognized the King's long plume
behind it and she halted in her course. Shi»
was alert with a thousand maddening- thoughts
crowding her brain all In an instant.
"The Kini? returned — an eavesdropper!" she
reflected. "Jealous cf Portsmouth; his eyes
follow her. Where are his vows to Nell? I! 11
flefame Nell's name, drag her fair honor in the
wire; bo. Charles, we'll test your manliness
and love."
She recroeeed the room quickly to Ports
mouth.
"Madame," she exclaimed, in crisp, nervous
tones, loud enoug-h for the King's ear, "I have
¦ been deceiving, lying to you. I -stood here,
praising, honoring Eleanor Gwyn— an apple
rotten to the core!"
"How now V ejaculated Charles, in an un
dertcne. BSRpwfB ¦
Bis carelessness vanished upon the instant.
"Where he had waited for the single ear of
Portsmouth be became at once an earne*t
listener,
NV!l paused not.
"I had a friend who .told me he loved JCell.
I loved that friend. God knows I loved him."
"Yes. yes!" urged Portsmouth, with eager
ness.
"A mtn : of noble name and princely mien,"
continued TCell. - bo standing that the words
went like* arrows straight to the King's ear
and heart, "a man of honor, who would have
died fighting for Nell's honor — -" - --•- .-"^
"Misled youth,". : muttered Portsmouth. v
"A New Way Ai-o^nd an OTd WoVTd.^
The description of the rounding up of the
Sheep is very well done, and Mr. Hornung
is undoubtedly quite familiar with, the fas
cinating though. hard life of the bush; not
only that, but he has a vivid way of pic
turing that life.' "
The strongest scene in the book Is where
Moya alone tracks the convict into ;the
desert and finally, by swearing to help
Moya, however; in helping the men
rdund up the sheep, has noticed a man in
a cabin on the edge of the desert. ' This
man she at once spots as the escaped con
vice, because, by judicious inquiry, she
finds that the cabin is supposed to be un
occupied.
\ . ¦ ' " .• - - : ¦:.¦,-•¦ v -" - : - ¦ ¦
RIgden had all the . sheep on the ranch
rounded up and counted immediately after
the escaped prisoner had -left the house,
and. of course these sheep having been
driven over the same -ground, obliterated
all traces of the convict's tracks. . .
Spearman/ is 1 the. best story of the grewp.
—keep it for the last— you.will not be dis
appointed^ '
"An 'Engineer's -Christmas : Story," by
James A. Hill, tells.' of a Jealous engineer
of ; middle^age— it. is a-bit improbabie/but
makes good reading. 1; (Published by- Mc-
Clure; : Phillips i & Company, New York.
Price 50 cents.) I; ; r '--¦;
¦; "A Sack of Shakings.
Frank T. Bullen'snew book, !*A Sack
of Shakings,", has br>en published by Mc-
Clure. Phillips & Co. of New York. In
.this volume the author of , "The Cruise of
, -the Cachalot".. has included a varied col
' lection of sketches '. of the, ocean life and
nature. "Shakings." the explanation
may , be made for the . enlightenment ofl
the _ landsman, are ; the waste rope, and
/canvas which accumulate during the voy
age of a ship, and. as the perquisites "usu
• ally of the chief mate, are sold to the
junk men: Mr. Bullen has recently
yearned recognition as a brilliant; writer
of the sea. . His grasp of Its Bpirlt. his
j ability • to . reproduce - its T flavor • and ro
mance place him in the forefront.
f As t an example of Mr. Bullen's descrip
tive power, '. an extract from the chapter
on "Among the Enchanted Isles" will ex
cellently serve: ...
_ "Enchained by. the. Innumerable com
plexities of : modern : city existence, how
strangely, how sweetly, do the- dreams of
roaming amid isles of perpetual summer
come to the pale ¦ slave of clvilizat ion.
„• • *., On the ; wings of ; fancy, sw'tter
and more easeful than those. of the alba
tross, he' is wafted to those fairy shores
r where nature ismiles in' changeless" youth
and wiriterless glow. ? • • Oh! the
fierce delight of that swift upward rush,
the culminating ecstasy as he bounds
into the palpitating air above and lies,
so softly cradled, upon the limpid wave!
There for .a season he floats, drinking
' deep - of the brine-laden air, every touch
.of, the sea -a caress, 'every heart-beat a
well-spring of pleasure. Then with a
I shout he hurls himself forward as if he
too were a free citizen of the ocean, emu
lating with almost r 'eqiial grace t the slnu
, : ous spring of the porpoise and the "mar- .
.velous succession of curves presented by
the overwhelming whale. ' He claims kin
dred .with them all," embraces them all;
clinging lovingly to their smooth sides he
'frolics with them, rejoicing in the pleni
tude of their untainted strength.
."Before him rise the islands.; mounds
of emerald cresting bases of silver sand. .
Willowy, palm trees dip their roots In
tho warm • wavelets and rear their tufted
coronet's on high. Darker-leaved, the or
ange trees droop their branches shot with
golden gleams, where the fruit hangs
.heavily/ filling t^e gentle air with frag
rance. ¦ -Bright plumaged,' birds flash
among the verdure; along the glittering
shores rest placidly the sea fowl returned
from their' harvesting and comforting;
their fluffy broods. • With' huge steps he
strides shoreward, and ' springing lightly
from the sand t he . reaches in a dozen
bounds the crown of the" loftiest • palm,
whose thickly clustering fruit bids him,
drink and drink again.
"The island folk dread him not; fear
has not visited those sunny shores. And
as he was. with the. sear-people, so is he
with their compeers on the;land, a trust
ed playfellow,. a creature perfect in glory
and beauty, able to vie with them in
their superb activities/ their amazing play
of vigor, their abounding joy In the plen
tiful gifts of nature. After 'those sunny '¦>
gambols how sweet the. rest on yielding
couch' of -leaves, 'fanned by soft zephyrs '
laden with the subtle scents of luxuriant
flowers and' lulled by the. slumber-song
of the friendly sea. Around him, with
drooping wing, nestle the birds; the be
jeweled insects hush their busy songs Into
tenderest murmurs, the green " leaves
hang in unrustling shade, noiselessly,
waving over him a cool breath. There is
peace arid sleep."' \ ¦ ¦ ... -.' ¦
Those who love the' sea and have, that,
yearning for the breath of far-away parts
of the earth which is felt in so many
breasts will read Mr. Bullen'8 book with
delight. (Price $1 60.) -• , v - -1 - ¦ v ¦ -- -. :-."¦--
A Traitor in London.
The Boer war, with its political features
and its picturesque incidents and charac
ters, presents, a wealth of material for ro
mancers. From it Fergus Hume takes the
material for his late.«=t book, "A Traitor
in London." The "traitor" is a Boer spy
and he is an admirably drawn villain, with
a depth of cunnint; and a wealth of ef
frontery ¦ and. resourefv that ranks him
among the striking characters of fiction,
whom, we do not oasJIy forget. : His vil
lainy, however, is not shown so much in
his service of the Botrs as in the pursuit
of his own personal schemes. He is in
fatuated with a young lady who detests
him, but he .pursues her with persistent
assurance, of success, and in spite of ob
stacles that would appear to other men
quite insurmountable,' he several times
comes dangerously- near to succeeding.
She loves and marries an English captain
who is called at once to South Africa.
Soon after the hateu spy, being neatly
cornered ¦ by another woman's wit, also
goes to the scene cf the war, and. here
we have some stirring Incidents of the
veldt- and some fins portrayals of Boer
character. Bya.cunning scheme the spy
has succeeded in inducing the y,oung lady
to go to South Africa; but by a neat coun
ter plot she falls into her husband's hands
instead of his* own as lie had planned.
Being high in authority with the Boers
he is able to abduct her while she ia at
the ' front, but a sturdy old Boer com
mander frustrates him again.
'The mystery of the story Is a murder
committed in England, and it is a mys
tery which puzzles the reader to the end,
ingeniously leading- the reader from one
guess to another and finally affording a
real surprise. (Published by F. M. Buckles
£o Co., New York. Price $1 25.)
Old Bowen's I/Cgacy.
Edwin Asa Dix made a success with his
first novel last year, '"Deacon Bradbury."
This->year he again appears in the liter
ary- world with a. new work ,of fiction,
which is already in its eighth edition. His
latest book is called "Old Bowen's Leg
acy." ¦ ' . , _ '
Like ."Deacon Bradbury," the new story
Is' a study of New England character and
conditions, * the r-cone being laid in the
earne fictitious villagp— Felton, Vermont,
ft is a serious work,. though by no means
without ,its lighter touches; and the pict
ure It presents of 'the typical folk of a
rural community, ¦ while Imaginative in
conception, is photographic in detail.
."Old Bowen's Lepacy" Is the dying be
quest of, a miser who. till death stood at
fiig elbow, believed in the innate depravity
Df mankind, but was. persuaded by. the
tillage lawyer to. s reconsider his harsh
judgment, the result-being that his entire ¦
fortune _ (?5000) was willed -with his last
areath to three" trustees, to be disposed '
Df unconditionally, in a lump sum, for "an
jnmlstakably worthy object."
Fortunately for the trustees, "they were
;ach blessed with a ¦ tolerabl y large and
appreciative sense of humor." The .un
folding of the plot occupies the. year al-.
owed 'them for the making -of a choice:
md their decision is ; calculated , to sur
srise the ¦ superficial : reader. Several , of
:he. people .first met; in, Mr;: Dlx's earlier,
lovel. Including f Deacon Bradbury him
self,, reappear. In 'the present ; story. ' (Pub--
Ished by .The Century Company, New
Fork;- Price $150.) -
'. • The Indian : of the | Northwest. ".
' A r distinct - history, of ; the> Indian . in the
Morthwest proper has never, been written \
mtll • the 1 present time. ,The Northwest
jroper consists of ;;. Illinois/, Wisconsin 1 , -
Minnesota! " North * j and ." South ~ Dakota,
ova .' and /Nebraska. ; ," Michigan was once •
ncluded \ under,* the title, , but many., fea
.ures of; the Indian. history/of that State
ire quite distinct ¦ from . the Indian occur
ences j In ' the ] Northwest between \ 1600 : anil
he ; opening :~6t^ the 'twentieth ; centur y. ; A'
'olume ? has v appeared ."entitled "The .Li
lian,*. The Northwest."
¦ It ' Is a compilation of the" essential ' facts :
L ¦-. in Indian history taken from Andreas,' th<
. . researches of. the Ethnological Bureau
Lained, Schoolcraft, the Jesuit relations
Bancroft and other authorities. It treat*
• of the three great epochs between 1600 and
; 1900 in. the Northwest. These epochs are:
r* First - epoch," The Red Man; second
epoch, The : War' Man; third epoch, Th<
"White Man., '
¦~ For the student of * aboriginal history
and, the investigator into the commercial
Y development of the Northwest the volume
la a most valuable Index of Its kind.
*A The story is tersely yet "graphically
_ written, and an Immense fund of informa
.tion has been gathered into an exceed
ingly convenient book form." The book is
well Illustrated. (Issued by the Traffic
Department of the Chicago and North
western Railway Company, Chicago, HI.
Price 50 cents.) . J
New Educational Readers.
Volume III of "New Education Read
ers," by A. J, tDemarest and William H.
Van, Sickle, is one of the series designed
to present a new system of reading, em
bodying all the Ideas of the new educa
tion. In the presentation . of the : work
nothing is forced upon , the pupil, but
everything is brought to him naturally
and easily, and with a clearness and
vividness of perception secured by the aid
.of illustrations. Book III Is Intended for
the work of the I second year and Is de
.voted to the development of obscure vow
els and the more Important • Initials and
terminals. The work Is so divided that
the subject matter conforms to -the
months of the year, and the stories not
only have an adaptability for nature work
but also possess the higher purpose of
cultivating in the child a desire to read
the best and choicest . selections found
within the realm of child literature. Pub
lished.'by the American Book Company.
New York. Price. 40 cents.
Nazareth or TarsusP
-The author of "Not on Calvary," "Tho
First Millennial Faith." etc., now gives
us a sermon under the guise of a novel.
In his broad catholicity he Js so ready
to ' recognize sincerity wherever he may
.find it that even the Mohammedan can
read with satisfaction the ¦ tribute to the
.first high purpose of the founder of h!3
religion. ' ..,.-.: ;: , ;^:
Through all the intensity with which
the author attacks so much that devout
minds have regarded with reverence an>l
affection, there is an evident intent to be
just. And it ia this desire to be Judicially
a fair— perhaps, too, a wish to be charit
. able — that may underlie the impulse of
the author to take the extreme position
that St. Paul was mentally Irresponsible.
The argument ls«woven into the story of
the | lives of those who are prominent in
the regard and Interest of the leading
character. Hence It Is not a dry thesis,
but is relieved by a personal interest In
those who are associated with the devel
opment of the line of thought which the
book presents. . (Published bv J, S. Ogll
vie Company, New York. Price $1.)
The Indian the Northwest
Bab Ballads.
Kin* Borria Bunpalee Boo
Was a man-eatlnjf African swell;
His sigh was a hullaballoo.
His whisper a horrible yell—
A horrible, horrible yell! ;;;
Four subjects, and all of them male.
To Borria doubled the knee,
They were once on a far larger scale, jj
But he'd eaten the balance, you see.;
("Scale" and "balance" la punning, you see.)
And those are the two . first verses of
"King Borrla Bungalee Boo." one of the~
jolly, ringing, jingling "Bab Ballads"
which came from the pen of W. S. Gilbert
some time ago and immediately made a
hit. R. H. Russell, the New York pub
lisher, is now bringing these merry bal
lads of "much sound and little sense" out
in a new and very attractive form," with
all the illustrations by the author. The
pictures are as quaint as the verses. The
published price is SI 25.
- r Malcolm the waterboy. -
G. T. Henty has the knack of writing
stories of adventure to please boys. His
latest is an account of the exciting ex
' perlences of Malcolm Arundel, the water
boy of the Thames. The Incidents are
supposed to be those of the seventeenth
century— a period replete in romance.
Malcolm goes through all sorts of peril-'
ous escapes, but through the efforts of his
.friend, the Ghostly Horseman, and hl3
services for thy king, he comes out all
right in the end.
'A- second story is given in this same
volume, "On to Cuba," which details, the
experiences of Nellie and Nat. It is a
story of the present day and will interest
young readers. (Published by The Mer
shon Company, New York. EO cents/ .
.. ' . Literary Notes.
Little, Brown & Co. have just issued a
r.ew. edition of Mrs. Fawcett's "Life* of
Queen -Victoria." • : , r_ ~ :
, The intense interest among ' Kentucky
people in "Juletty," the new story soon
to be published by Thomas Y. Crowell &
Co., New "York, Is shown by a letter which
the author has received from' the Hon. J,
Proctor Knott, ex-Governor of the State,
requesting the first copy of the book that
comes from the press. a
Little, 1 Brown & Co.'s list includes three
books by the Swedish novelist, Selma Lag
erlof: "The Story of Gosta Berllng,"
which is possibly the greatest of her writ
ings; "The Miracles " of Antichrist.": an
Italian romance: and "Invisible Links," a
collection of stories and legends.
The leading feature of the June number
of the Woman's Home Companion will be
a magnificent drawing by Howard Chand-"
ler Christy, to illustrate. an article on
diplomatic life abroad. The article is one
which elves Mr. Christy an opportunity
to show both sides of his genius, that of •
a'limner of beautiful and stately women,
and of accurate and dashing military fig
ures. ' •
1 Brigadier General Charles King, equally ¦
fatuous as a fighter and a novelist. Js very \
enthusiastic over Mr. "Frederick Palmer's
vigorous stories in "The Ways of the Ser
vic e" just published by the Scribners. He
allows un to- quote the following: from a
personal letter he haa written to Mr.
Palmer: " Almost am I persuaded you!
too, must be a resrular, so -accurate is
every detail. I have read and reread It,
and sent it to others who read— and the
verdict is the same. It is tho best yet."
I A Cuban view of the American ad
ministration's view of the Cuban view
of independence.- signed .by Juan Gual
berto Gomez, president of the convention's
committee on relations, and indorsed by '
Domingo Mendez Capote, president of
the Cuban Constitutional Convention, and
Jose B. Alemarf. delegate and editor of
I.a Ttlbuna, appears in the current is- :
sue of Collier's Weekly, and will un
doubtedly cause as much national com
ment as the publication last week in
Collier's ~~ of Josiah Flynt's expose of
the Police Department did locally In New
York ' City. '¦*'
English critics can ' be spontaneously
appreciative of American writers when
they choose; but they must discover Am- '
erican r genlus unaided by American "guid- '
ance. A hint would, be fatal. The latest
American writer, to "arrive" in England
is Miss Gwendolen Overton, whose. novel,
"The Heritage of .Unrest,- ; says the Spec
tator, Tr one of the" ablest books that-*
has . come to us /during the year from
America." 'The Spectator finds Miss
Overtoil's ,work both "striking and bril
liant.". Americans seem - to have ' their •
own views about this book, too. Besides
its edition /in England it'has run through
three here, .
If all sick , persons and convalescents
iray enjoy some'or all, of those, dishes
which ' Helen " V. Sachse describes in . her
acceptable and . -distinctively r r practical ;::
! book.'.'.'How to Coo_k-for the Sick and Con
- valescerit," "which"" the , J. B." Lippincot t
, Company are bringing, out, the robust
i person might with good reason be, con
tent to be called an Invalid when the hour
. of . eating- has arrived. , The criticism of
¦dishes tor the sick' that. they are taste
< less,, weak and unsatisfying things fails
to touch the appetizing preparations of
a' substantial character and the delica
cies .which an experienced nurse and
.writer has told about in these pages.
From the cooking and serving of meats
and their essential Juices, and of breads.
¦ through varying "made dishes" of a more
.or., less nourishing kind to the tempting
trifles' of dessert and frozen foods, there
s Is not a rectoe given which lacks its ap
peal to the appetite. '
. ¦¦ ¦ . ••
The Laurel Press of 156 Fifth avenue.
New York, announces an edition de-luxo
of the . "Amoretti or Love Sonnets of Ed
mund Spenser." It Is a surprising fact
that heretofore there has been apparently
no good separate . edition of these famous
poems, that next to the sonnets of Shake
speare are beyond doubt the most beauti
ful love poems In the Ensllsh language.
Only 450 copies will be printed from type
on the finest of handmade paper. Each
ronnet will be embellished with an initial
drawn especially for, this edition.
Miss Ellen Glasgow, the author of "The
Voice of the People," had the misfortune
to lose a part of the manuscript of her
next novel in the fire that burned the Jef
ferson Hotel in Richmond, Va. It was re
ported that the whole manuscript was
lost, but, fortunately, only a few chapters
were destroyed, which Miss Glasgow had
in the hotel . at the time for the purpose
of having copied. This new story, prog
res* on which, was not materially de.'ayed
by tha fire. Is a tale of the civil war. and
Miss GlnsKOxv's. readers lo<*k forward to
it with very great. expectation. It will be
published by Doubleday, Page & Co., New
Among ; the announcements for the
spring we find anew publishing firm In
the field with a book by a new writer.
Messrs. H. W. Fisher & Co., 1535-37 Chest
nut street. Philadelphia, will publish a vol
ume on the mountain lakes of Maine, en
titled "And the "Wilderness Blossomed."
by Almon Dexter. The work is largely
devoted to the growth and development
of a flower garden In the woods of North
ern Maine, and the author's experiences
with various plants and seeds are said to
be recounted with refreshing frankness.
There Is a chapter on building under diffi
culties, another on the natives of the re
gion, one on birds, and the writer has also
much to say on the selection of a library
for a summer home. Mr. H. W. Fisher,
the head of the new firm, served his
novitiate with Messrs. Porter & Coates,
and thelc succesors, Messrs.- Henry T.
Coates & Co. of Philadelphia. He has the
reputation. of being' a successful booksel
ler, and he will have the good wishes x>t
the fraternity in this his first venture in
the publishing field.
Mr. Charles M. Taylor, Jr., author of
"Vacation Days in Hawaii and Japan."
"The British Isles Through an Opera
Glass," "Odd Bits of Travel," etc.. Is en
gaged upon another book of travel de
scriptive of Alaska and the> Yellowstone
(George "W. Jacobs & Co.. Philadelphia).
Mr. Taylor made an extended tour
through these interesting regions last
summer; and from his well-filled note
books and ever-ready camera we may ex
pect a delightful and interesting publica
tion —one also which not only entertains,
but Instructs as well. The book will un
doubtedly be of great value to those who
purpose taking the same trip during the
coming summer months, for Mr. Taylor
gives others the benefit of hl3 experience
In these remarkable regions, dropping
many a hint as to the best modes of trav
el and most desirable stopping places
along the route. Aside from this, the vol
ume gives promise of affording much en
tertainment and proving of peculiar inter
est to the less fortunate "stay-at-hames."
A powerful chapter from one of the
most remarkable of recorded human ex
periences appears in McCIure's Magazine
for May—Captain Alfred Dreyfus's own
story of his arrest, degradation and trans
portation to Devils Isle. To this story la
added a portion of the diary kept by Drey
fuson the Island, for his wife, and refer
red to so often and so mysteriously In the
Rennes trial, but never made public.
A more Intense and convincing expres
sion of human agony than that found In
these fragments is Inconceivable. From
first to last It is evident that the sufferer
Is bewildered and maddened by what has
befallen him, and that all which keeps
him from Insanity of death Is his deter
mination to prove that his persecutors are
powerless to'overthrow what he calls the
"sovereignty of the soul." These dra
matic passages make it clear, too. that
Dreyfus was compelled to undergo on
Devils Isle every Ignominy and hardship
his jailers could devise, even to close con
finement in a hut, inclosed by palisades
and shut out from air and light, with
double Irons upon his legs throughout tho
night.
The book from which this remarkable
document is taken, containing the. story
*«X- Dreyfus' entire-five years of suffer
ing and Imprisonment,"is to be published
by McClure, Phillips & Co. in May.
.
.
Books Received.
THE SPANISH PEOPLE—By Martin
A. S. Hume. D. Appleton & Co., New
York. $150. •
IN LOVE AND TRUTH—By Anita Clay
Munoz. The Abbey Press, New York. $1.
THROUGH LUZON ON HIGHWAYS
AND BYWAYS—By TVlIlls Bliss WIlcox.
Franklin Book Company, Philadelphia.
$125.
• WHAT IS A KINDERGARTEN?— By
George Hansen. D. P. Elder and Mor
gan Shepard,- San Francisco. 75 cents.
THE CHANGING VIEW-POINT IN
RELIGIOUS THOUGHT — By Henry
Thomas Colestcck. A.M., B.D. E. B.
.Treat & Co.. New York.
THE TOWER OF WYE-By William
Henry Babcock. Henry T. Coates & Co.
$1 50.
GENERAL MEADE-By Isaac R. Pen
nypacker. D. Appleton & Co., New York.
$150.
THE CLAIM JUMPERS-By Stewart
Edward "White. *r>. Appleton & Co., New
York. Jl.
PLEASURES OF THE TELESCOPE—
By Garrett P. Servlss. D. Appleton &
Co.. New York. $1 50.
BUGLE CAULS—By Benjamin Wood.
Brentano's, New York. 91.
PHILBRICK HOWELL-By* Albert
Kinross. 'Frederick A. Stokes Company,
New York.
THE HELMET OF NAVARRE—By
Bertha Runkle. ' The Century Company,
New York, $150,
A TEXT BOOK OF PSYCHOLOGY
FOR SECONDARY SCHOOLS—By David
Daniel Putnam, LL.D, American Book
Company, New York. $1.
THE SUNDAY -CALL. >
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
4
- paratlve obscurity, until , he^ finally caught
; ; the popular taste with "Alice of Old Vin
cennes." ' Now. everybody Is reading all of
his works that, can be found. ¦. His death
"was a great loss to the literary world,, but
he at 'least; had the. pleasure of knowing
that his last work had made a name for
Itself and for him/ "a V ;
He'-.- left - behind one manuscript for .' : a
" novel, which. It Is said, will' be brought
out; by the Bowen-Merrill Company, In-'
dlanapolis, some time this spring.
The fact that Maurice Thompson .was
, rather overlooked until the appearance of
' "Alice of Old Vlncennes" does not Indicate '¦
that ne did not .write anything good be
, fore that time; It simply, means that ¦ he'
•was not known. Now that his name is In
the" reading pubjic's mouth there Is a
chance that his other. booxs will be better.
'appreciated. . J. B.LIpplncott Company of
Philadelphia have Just brought out In a
. charming \ edition his pretty love story, .
"Sweetheart' Manette," which was first
I copyrighted j in 1894. There Is one of his !
stories that will be read with, great inter
est by those who have now "discovered"
him.
.' Another is his story .of that arch but
fascinating outlaw,. "The" King of Honey/
Island," who figures In a tale of the same
name, published in 1S83. Here \ again
Thompson is at his best, for as a descrip
tive writer of outdoor life it Is hard to find
among tiie later day authors one who can
'equal hlai.' "The King- or Honey Island"
Is "published by G. W. : Dilllngham Com
pany, New York. .
? ~ ' - "¦',-•¦ '" I • " ¦
Stories of tlie Railroad.
McClure, Phillips & Co. of New York j
are Issuing a series of short stories from
McCIure's that are as clever and bright
as "any sketches it has 1 been our pleasure
to read. The first little volume on "Love"
appeared- some weeks ago and now the
The Books Reviewed
* ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
126 POST STREET,
SAX FKANCISCO.
Prices are always in the
Reading Notices. Postage 1$
A. H. ROBERTSOM.The statistician of the Dominion of Can
ada represents that there were thirty-four
electric rallwavs in the confederated prov
inces at the close of -last year, aggregat
ing 630 miles of track. Capital amounting
to $21,700,000 has been actually invested in
these lines". During tne year they carried ¦
104,033,659 passengers.
chills and fever and he sends for a doctor.
"Well," • says the doctor, "this may
mean only a heavy cold.'. But It might
mean ah attack of bronchitis, - pleurisy,
or. pneumonia. Go home and go to bed,
take this medicine according to directions,
and I will call and see you to-morrow."
, . Deluded by Convalescence. -
He may: take the medicine and may go
to bed, even. Next morning he may be
feeling 'so much better, however; that he
will get up and go about his, usual work.
If the ailment is to prove nothing worse'
than a heavy cold, it probably lasts for a'
week or, two, unfittlng'hlm for work and
permanently "injuring . his lungs.- He
laughs at the doctdr and prides himself
on having successfully fought his Illness.
But if he had remained in bed for ' two
days he might .have been quite well at
the end of that period, saving both money
and time.;
Observations of typhoid fever . in one of
the~Jx>n«T6n hospitals" has shown how the
man who will not go to bed may kill him
self. , In this Institution It has been shown
' that 'of those who "come 4 Into the hospital
and go to bed before the* fourth, day of
the fever only 5 in 100 die; of those who
come in' between fthe -fourth, and , the
eleventh; day of the fever. 12 in every 100
die, while of those who come in after the
are hard. to have filled by any one but a
professional nurse. .; A patient objects
most often to the worrv of detail, or to
the taste of a' drug, and a tender-hearted
relative breaks - the • doctor's rules with
small concern. , :"i!. w '. •
As to wrong-headed patients. Dr. Pen
nington, 103 State street, recalls cases at
West Baden" Springs where patients were
told to - be careful -how they drank the
water. Such men warned had been intem
perate. The idea of being careful about
water, however,"' has struck them as'ab
surd and they. have vioiated orders, tak
ing the waters in, large quantities.- As a
result many- of -them have been thrown
intoconvulsions, and a lew have died."
In cases of long sickness, where a pa
tient .is. on the .road to ; recovery at last,
he or his' friends, kill hlm.ln many cases.
"Instructions!" repeated another phy
sician. "Why, I police had a patient who
lay..whlte and almost'lnsensible. fronvloss
i of, blood. I. had to leave him for. a few
minutes, giving, positive orders ,'^that no
.stimulants of iany. kind were to-be given
to^ him. In twenty minutes I, came back
to -find the man, dead— killed by.a drink of
brandy. In this case the fainting . spell
had stopped theLbleeding", but the ', brandy
: hadVstimulated;'theiheart. until jtheiman
' died in a great' rush of blood fronVseverec
arterles.'i'— Chicago Sunday ' Tribune.
essary. to many diagnoses. And; if the
-doctor is- forced to guess measles! as, the
patient's trouble 'and ''it' turns lout to be
.typhoid fever, he loses confidence anJ
neglects- prescriptions and diet. : _ •
.' Worst of all plagues In a sickroom the
doctor fears the unprofessional 1 nurse and
relatives of the patient -who have ideas
of • their own about nursing; and about
medicines.' .,.'"• - >
In the case of a child,, for Instance,. fhe
mother may have '"notions.". In cooking
; few women 'follow. * recipe ,' accordinjt to
measurements and the same, holds 1 truo
•In the sickroom. So instead of the moth
er's giving :a : medicine four times a day,
she" may conclude to trive . it : twlce a. day
or six times j a .day. ! Instead " of giving -it
before meals' she will g've it after' "eating.
But all these details dire necessary,^and
important. For Instance,* if a medicine. is
prescribed for, every three hours, 1 it means
that before the preceding' dose has 'cease i
; to act, the next shall be takeh.-flfls like
' putting more ¦' coal bn ; a fire? before' the
other fuel has entirely burned up.. : If , the
medicine- is /for an empty ""stomach' it
means that' it is of a' nature ; to b'e.ah
' sorbed' best* in that way,"and",that it may
be of little", benefit If taken' after famea;.
Break tho Doctorjs Rules.' . ¦/> ; . :
; '. But .notoriously a physician's 'directions'
eleventh day 28 In 100 die. •
The urgent necessity of a, patient's go-.
Ing to bed on. order may be seen in > the
fact that most Infectious j begin
almost .' identically in, the same v way.
Sometimes a patient is querulous and not
willing to give the physician time to make
a diagnosis, losing confidence in the 1
man -if 'his" first guess shall prove to have
been wild. Yet for two days, often, no
distinctive sign may be given by an In
fectious disease. t '7*'''
One of: the most marked of these signs
Is the fever rash, in scarlatina it ap
pears, on' the second day after the fever
has set in; erysipelas snows' it on the sec
ond or third /day; measles on the, fourth
day; typhus fever on the" fourth or fifth
day; and enteric fever on the seventh to
the twelfth day. Before this rash appears
even the most . skillful physician may b*
uncertain. .\'y:!-.
. Often Mislead Physicians.
' Not only are symptoms ¦ on' the surfacs
often hard to determine,: but' the patient
often misleads a physician, either through
ignorance' or "perverscness. ' He tells the ']
doctor maybe a. dozen -• inconsequential
things and yet dodges two or three lead-
Ing questions. He may' be angry, even, 1 :
if asked 'of what trouble his father 'or his
mother died. Yet all these facts 'are nee-.
DO THIRTY PER CENT OF THE PERSONS WHO DIE KILL THEMSELVES ?
ACCORDING to a Chicago physician,
30 per cent of the people who die
kill themselves, and of this num-
ber few are classed as suicides.
"When a doctor cures .a patient," he
says, "the majority of his friends speak
of his strong constitution's pulling him
through. When the patient kills himself,
as thousands of them do,' the doctor gets
the blar^e."
This pnysician holds that non-observ
ance of a physician's directions is respon
sible In a score of ways for the fatal ter
mination of diseases. First of these is the
refusal of the patient to go to bed, as he
may be told to do, and last of them may
be the food or drink conveyed to the pa
tient under cover, just when he is on the
verge of convalescence. Between the two
are all sorts of possible tlnkerings and
tamperings with medicine, hygiene, and
dietary of the patient.
In the early stages of . so many dis
eases about all that a doctor can do is to
prescribe some-mild laxative' and send the
patient to bed, with instructions to eat
carefully and keep warm until time af
fords a more correct diagnosis. *
But there is a type of man and woman
who insls*3 that he always keeps going
till he drops. He doesn't believe in giving
up as long as he can stand and see." This
man may have been suffering alternate
Ing themselves off as peaceable Indians,
proceed to the haciendas and secure work.
Then with the proceeds of their labor
they will purchase ammunition and return
to the hostile country. , Thus it will be
seen that the Indian problem here In So
nora Is a very intricate one. The very
mozo who serves my table, to-day may, a
"week hence, be lying in ambush for ma
among the hills, while the nurse who at
tends my household is perhap3 using her
wages to supply the waning Indians with,
cartridges." '.
"When the present war Is at an end.
will the surviving Indians be allowed to
reoccupy the valley of the Rio Yaquir* I
Inquired.
"Not as a tribe," was the response. "Ex
perience has demonstrated that the- rural
districts will never be safe so long as tha
Yaquis are permitted to band themselves
together. There are always disturbing
elements among them whoso Influence
might at any time precipitate another
outbreak. The Yaqui 13 naturally of an
incendiary disposition, and it takes little
to arouse his hunger for destructlveness.
We have endeavored for years to rectify
his tendency to viclousness, but to no
'avail. "When the missionary priests who
went among them attempted to . preach
industry and peace their Influence with
the Indians was thenceforth irretrievably
lost. On the other hand, they would
listen with eagerness to the voice of an
insuirectory spirit. For this reason It
will be my future policy to keep the In
dians apart. Although obliged to- resort
in a measure, to deportation I am not In
favor of carrying It to extremes. "With
all his incorrigibleness, I still have hopes
for the Yaqui. and win yet eliminate his
vicious tendencies. " And of this, I assure
you," concluded the general, with unmis
takable sincerity In his tones, "notwith
standing the seeming harshness of the
measures I have been forced to employ In
effectually, crushing his' spirit of rebel
liousness, I have a far deeper Interest fn
the welfare of the Yaqui than any of
those who, without the least knowledge
of his true character, are seeking to up
hold and encourage him In his crusade
against civilization."
complish this It was necessary to deport
the prisoners,: as fast" as they were cap
tured, to parts of the republic sufficiently
remote to insure their inability to return.
It has been stated i that these captives
were sent to Yucatan, which is absurdly
erroneous, as that district is likewise in
fested .with rebellious, Indians. Such
Yaqui prisoners as I have thus far had
sent out of the country were mostly taken
to the State of Jalisco, one of the most
beautiful sections of Mexico, where re
newed endeavors are being made toward
their civilization.".
-."Howmany Indians do you estimate are
now on the warpath?" I asked.
"Tha't is difficult to determine," answer
ed the general. . "It is my.bellef, however,"
that their number has been reduced to not
more than 300, • and these in turn are
broken up into numerous marauding
bands.. .• Besides, their numbers fluctuate,
for at times members of the hostile fac
tion will leave the mountains, and, pass-
ductive. To render this land^ available for
agricultural purposes the Mexican Gov
ernment shortly afterwardgave an Amer-,
lean company a concession to. run a canal
from the Rio Yaqui into the country to
the southward, s under the condition that
itshould be so constructed as to furnish'
water. to such portions of the Indian lands
as could not otherwise be irrigated. 1 But
after the .work had progressed ¦ to a. con
siderable ' extent the old spirit of rebel
liousness on the part , of .'the -Indians
against the encroachments of civilization
again prevailed, and without the slightest
warning they ¦ fell i to murdering . every
whjte settler they could find in the region.
This act on the part. of the Yaquis was
the bitterest disappointment of my life,
for it destroyed : all my hopes of ever be
ing able to' resolve them. iht6 ..a, 'peaceful,
progressive community. It was then that
I felt compelled* to, recommend to the
Mexican Government that the tribe be en
tirely dismembered: To effectually . ac-
behalf of the Mexican Government I have
repeatedly mad«s special allotments of ag
ricultural land to these Indians, and fur
nished them with abundant corn and
wheat for planting purposes. The latter,
however, they would almost invariably
trade for mescal, their favorite liquor, or
else eat outright, with the result that
none of 'the land assigned to them has
been, to any extent, cultivated. Such a
thinir will never be when a Yaqui. will
come to me and say, 'I have cultivated all
the land you have given me and have r.ocd
of more,' but what he will receive all that
he may require. But such thriftiness is
entirely foreign to the Yaqui character,
and the most serious complaint" he has
ever raised is that the white settlers are
destroying his mpquite trees! It is these
mesquite trees that, constitute, to so great
an extent, his wilderness retreat, and they
cover the most fertile public lands in the
State."
"What specific trouble led to the pres
ent war?" I inquired. ,
•'It was the building of the great irri
gation canal which has its source in th-e
Hin Yaqui," stated the general. "At the
close of tno last Yaqui war, In 1897, the
Indians, w^ic allotted seven , pueb
los, representing &oi.:ctl'«T'p ' like .m:.
000 acres of choice . Jand , in the "val
ley of the Rio Yaqui. A portion
of this land, however, lies , too high
for irrigation from .'the river direct,
and was therefore comparatively unpro-
would in time create of him a valuable
factor in the permanent settlement of the
country. To this end he was allowed to
roam at will throughout the entire north
.west territory. If he chose to work for
others, the great haciendas offered him
no lack of employment, while if more
independently disposed! he was given the
preference 'of settling on whatever public
lands best suited his fancy. The result
was that a larger ' portion of the tribe
located themselves in the Rio Yaqui dis
trict, a remote but exceedingly fertile sec
tion in the southeastern part of the State.
Here they lived after the manner of the
average uncivilized Indian, depending on
game and the very least amount of corn
they could raise, for an existence. At
times, as necessity compelled it, some of
the tribe would proceed to other parts of
the State, where they would work for a
short while,' only to return again to their
wilderness retreat, there to live in idleness
so long as their, earnings would permit.
Repeated efforts were made by the Mexi
can.Goyernment-ttO'induce. the Indians to
cultivate rich lands of which they had
possessed themselves, but without avail.
And' not only dld-theyreSent every such
effort toward their own development, but
likewise'* opposed the improvement and
cultivation of. any part of the country in
their vicinity. Their opposition, moreover,
was not in the nature of mere protest, but
of: the massacre and robbery of all who
dared 'violate. their barbarous principles.
This violent perversity on the part of the
Ya'quls 'Is; the direct cause of alt the
bloody, warfare, that •_ for years has been
waged in the 'rural districts of Sonota.
"It has been stated that the Yaquis are
fighting for their lands,' which is ah error.
The. Yaquis think nothing. of the country
for what It will produce. It is the ad
vance of civilization th'ey are fighting. In
fluenced the Yacjuis, namely, a general
antipathy for civilization in its every
form. There are no two natures more
similar than these cf the Yaqui and the
Apache. It is not land for the purpose
cf cultivation that either have demanded,
but unlimited territory wherein they
might pursue their savage tendencies
without restraint. The United States
Government very early adopted the
theory that there was absolutely no de
pendence to be placed in an Apache so
long as the least freedom were allowed
him. Accordingly a persistent round-up
was inaugurated, and when taken alive
he was shut up on a closely guarded
reservation. But even this policy proved
ineffectual, and It was not until a large
percentage of the tribe were extermin
ated and the most refractory of its sur
viving members removed to far-away
Florida that peace and progress in the
former Apache country was established.
Had the Mexican Government been dis
posed, at the outstart, to adept like
measures in its dealings with the Yaquis
the tribe would long ago have been thor
oughly under control." -
"But," I interposed, "is it not true that
in the present war you are pursuing a
similar course with the Yaquis?"
"Precisely^," was the frank rejoinder.
"And it was in justification of this policy
that I have cited the precedent estab
lished by the United States Government.
The only difference In the two circum
stances lies in the lateness on our part
iti resorting to such drastic methods with
the Indians. For years we were impelled,
in the face of the most trying discourage
ments, to hope for a better solution of the
Yaqui' problem. Our policy was to accord
the Indians, from the outstart, every priv
ilege enjoyed by the average citizen of
Mexico, In the belief that such a course
"T EHMOSILLO. Mexico. April 25.—
I A "Has It ever been held that the
I I war policy of the United States
Government against the formerly
*z..:\ rebellious Apaches was inhuman
or unwarrantable?"
The ¦question was substantially the first
utterance of General Luis E. Torres. Mili
tary Governor of the State of Sonora. in
the interview granted me on the subject
of Mexico's dealiCEE with the hostile Ya
quis of this section. And there was some
thing In the tones of the speaker that
suggested entire confidence in the ground
¦whereon, as a chief factor in the cam
paign against the Indians in question, his
principle* were based. It was this
"something" in the speech "and general
bearing of the distinguished Mexican that
from the beginning impressed me far
more than did his exalted rank and dig
nified presence. The absolute uniqueness,
however, of the quality referred to In a
man of his warlike calling for a time
rendered its exact nature indeterminable.
Then by degrees I came to interpret and
to appreciate it in the implicit trustful
ness that at once dominated his character
and reauired in others all that it gave.
In undertaking to investigate the actual
facts connected with the present Taqui
war, concerning- which during the two
years of It* progress so many conflicting
reports have been published. It had oc
curred to me that the first authority to
consult was the man under whose im
mediate supervision the campaign Is be
ing conducted. Hence, instead of making
application through the customary chan
nels for permission to enter the hostile
Taqui country, I proceeded direct to the
capital of Sonora and applied in person
to General Torres for the desired privi
lege, together with a statement of his own
convictions on the subject of the rebellion.
I found the general at his beautiful home
In the suburbs of Hermosillo, to which he
had just returned after an arduous trip
Into the heart of the Indian country. Not
withstanding hli «vldent physical exhaus
tion he received me with customary Mexi
can hospitality, assuring me that his
house was at my disposal bo long as I
chose to remain, an assurance which the
kindly look In his frank eyes in no sense
belied. And certainly no prospect could
have been more delightful than a pro
tracted sojourn in the languorous atmos
phere of his semi-tropical retreat. How
ever, there was no other way than to put
aside all such allurements, for the bilef
Interval I snent at Hermosillo was en
tirely occupied with the interview accord
ed me. -
"For fifteen years," continued the gen
eral, after the slight pause following upon
the incontrovertible question with which
he had prefixed his statement. "I have
been, in one capacity or another, Identi
fied with the task of civilizing the Ya
quis. And for twelve of those years,
characterized though they were by re
peated outbreaks on the part of the In
dians,, I never once gave over the hope
and belief that I would li\'e to see the
day when they would constitute a pow
erful element in the population of So
nora. Throughout this interval the va
rious traits of the Indian character have
Deen my closest study. I have seen tribe
after tribe in the adjoining United States
take to the warpath for identically the
tame reasons ' as those that have in-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
GEN. LUIS E. TORRES
AND THE
YAQUI
WAR
5Then I began to .think, and I'm not sure
I'd have said it if I'd thought first, but
once out there was no help. I'd not have
crawled if it had been a one to ten chance.
" 'Good, 1 said he, smiling. 'Come to my
quarters, at 7 to-night.'
"I looked at the Cap., and he nodded
and said: "Indefinite leave on special de
tail. Report to Lieutenant Farley and
obey his orders.' "¦-%.; ; ,
" "By the by,' said the lieutenant as
he turned to go, 'how long would it take
you to make a good Filipino out of a
white man, or a white man out of a Fili
pin?'
" 'All over, sir?' said I. - '
" 'Yes, put it that way,' said he, 'and so
he won't crock.'
" 'Maybe an hour,' said I, 'if I had the
right things.'
" 'Get them and brinsr them with you
to-night,' says he. "There must be plenty
of theater supplies in Manila. Will $20
be enousrh to get the make-up stuff for
six each way — without the clothes or .the
wigsr "^
" 'Plenty, sir,' said I. And he gave me
the money, saying:
" 'Some friends of mine are getting up
private theatricals^ — see? That's all you
know about it.* -¦ r"s
"So he went off with the Cap., and I
set to wondering just how much of a fool
I'd been. You see. the part begins to
look like a spying act, and that means
more than straight dying.' It nieans hang
ing, with a few Malay extras thrown in.
But I've contracted to go and I'm stuck
for it, so good-by, and good luck to you,
old man. if you don't hear of me again.
If yo-u do, maybe it'll be as major gen
eral, and then again maybe it • won't.
Your friend. .WYLLYS."
And now I am going to tell you the
story of Wyllys Desmond, as nearly In
his own language as possible, and taking I
it ui> where the letter leaves off. You
may believe- it or disbelieve it or test it
and prove it, just as you please. .'
"Well, I had no trouble to get the
grease paints and brushes and things,
and I reported on time," said he, "and
'his Straps', looked over tha stuff and ask
ed a few questions that showed he wasn't
dead green, and before he got through
in came three other • fellows— an infantry
sergeant named Prosky and two dough
boys named Smith and Evans — all little
chaps like me — no bigger than good sized
natives — and I began to twig one reason
why h'd lit on us. 'His Straps,' though,
was lanky and a head over . any nigger
I ever saw, and I got kind of chewing on
that a bit and wondering- whether he was
just going to send us off to get our necks
twisted, . while hp staid back and gave
orders and- took all the credit. and none
of the danger. The thought- gritted on
me good and hard, for I ¦' knew mighty
well I couldn't make any Filipino that
would pass muster out of him. :
" 'Well,. boys,' he said, tvhen we all got
in, 'here are your kits. We're off!'— just
as sudden as that; and we took up the
knapsacks and bundles and weapons and
followed him. out and hiked • along • down
the street and out into the country and
through the lines, till a little after mid
night. Then we struck an empty Fili
pino shack, and we rolled in and went to
sleep. Only Mr. Farley sat up, near the
door, -with his sword and revolver on his
knees,' and watched out into the night.
He didn't seem a bit like a lie-down offl-.
cer, but how he ever expected to be cast
for a nigger was wriat stuck in my crop.
"He had , us up bright and early next
day, looking out over the jungle and. rice
swamps — mean country sure enough.
" 'Desmond,' he said to me, just as soon
as we'd had breakfast— no coffee, mind
you, or anything We'd have to cook—'Des
mond, now's the time to get in your fine
•work. Here are four men to be made up :
into Filipinos.'
"•Beg pardon, sir,' said I, 'but you
didn't ask me about making you up. I'm
afraid '
• " 'You're not to make me -up until I tell
you to,' he said, a bit short.. "'Aren't there
four. of you' that are enough of sawed
offs?' .
" 'Yes, . sir: I beg pardon,' . said I.
But I felt sour when I set to work, mak
ing sure we were to go it alone from, that
on. ,
"Meanwhile he was getting the cos
tumes out of the bundles— four of them,
three striped and one amigo rig, and four
nasty looking- bolos . and a musket with
half < the . barrel bitten ¦ off ¦ and an . old
horse pistol; and after we "were good and.
well made up he came back, and ldbked
the Job' over and laughed an«J nouCTeCTuTs .
hetA. It was a good job, if I do say it:
but. you, I x was fee/Ing sorer and
an$ threw out his chest,«and talked about
the Filipino republic being unconquerable
and that soon all the coward Americans
would be prisoners, even like this one.
He. was getting under way in good old
.Tammany spellbinding style, and lashing
himself up into the belief that he was
the. man who'd caught the prisoner; but
Prosky waited for the first let up, and
then he put in, quiet like, whether his
Excellency wouldn't«please conduct us be
fore, the President. . • .
¦¦''.'Here was where our old friend, the
ccrporal, thought- he was getting left,
when he was 'really playing- to- the big
gest luck" that ever struck him. At first
the officer was going to keep us all out,
but, of course, Prcsky wouldn't have that,
. and said something about our wanting a
share of the honor, and how his Excel
lency would need a guard, because the
prisoner was a desperate man and had
killed two men before we took him: so
the officer looked nervously at Mr. Far
ley,' and compromised on shutting out the
corporal, which pleased "everybody -else.
I think it was the talking about sharing
,of the honor that won us the new angel.
. "With that we all headed for the door
. of the stone house, and the guards gawk
ed at us and stood aside; and Prosky
prompted the general to give orders that
we shouldn't be interrupted and that the
•.•**- ' • ' "¦> ".;*""•*
. ¦ . ¦..¦.¦".¦>
"Makmg-Up" the Actors in the Plan.
FEEQUZNTLY history is turned
into fiction — there is absolutely
nothing- new or astonishing
about that. But for fiction to be
turned into history is a thing practi
cally unheard of.
When in December, 1899, Duffield
Osborne wrote a purely fiction story
for Harpsr's Weekly on the capture
ct Aguinaldo he could not possibly
have known that what he. wrote would
come true just one year and three
months later — and tru? in very fact
almost to the letter of his most mi
nbte descriptions.
Fun ston captured the real Aguin
aldo by practically the same ruse that
was enployed by the lisut:nant to
take prisoner the fictional Aguinaldo
in Mr. DuiScld's story.
On December 23, 1899, Mr. Duf
field's story -was published in ¦ Har
per's Weekly and a year and thrcs
months later to the very day, March
£3, 1901, The Call printed" the first
telegraphic news of the capture of
Aguinaldo by Funston.
It will bs noted that the plan cf
the capture as published at that tiras
could •well b« taken as a synopsis of
the story which had appeared over a
7ear btfore.
Here is the history taken literally
from This Call of March 23. Bead
this and then read the fiction which
¦was later to become fact.
Plan of the Captmre,
General Funstcn's plans, as outlined in a dis
patch from Manila a few days agt>, were to
make the trip over the Isabella Mountains to
Aguinaldo's hiding place, accompanied by Sur
reon Major Harris, Captain Newton of the
Thirty-fourth Infantry, Lieutenant Admire of
the Twenty -secopd Infantry, Lieutenant Mitch
ell of the Fortieth Infantry, six veteran scouts
and a company of native scouts, all picked
men. They were to be landed by the grunboat
VickEburs on a remote beach north of Baler,
and were to proceed overland, guided by a
former officer of Aguinaldo, who had betrayed
to Funston the Filipino leader's abode.
To deceive the enemy it was arranged that
Aeninaldo'ii representative, who had griven the
Information to the Americans, should lead the
native scouts, they to assume the . character of
insurgents «itil loyal to the rebel cause.
' Th£>' were to make it appear that they had
captured General Punston and ether American
of6c«r» of hich rank and were taking- them
intft the camp of the insurgent chief to be de
li vereQ as prisoners of war.
Then was to come the daring part of the
plan. The prisoners were to throw aside- their
assumed character and metamorphose them
selves from prisoners to captors, seize Agui
naldo, beat down any opposition that might
show Itself and hold their prisoners, no matter
bow great the peril or how great the forces of
the enemy. ;-'iV -
To carry out the programme required a. long
march into the interior and never-ceasing cau
tion to guard against treachery. The troope in
New Vlzc^Lya and New Eeija and the gunboats
Vicksburff and Albany were ordered to co-op
erate with tlje captuHng- party.
The ntws of Aguinaldo's capture indicates
clearly that the plans of General Punston were
carried out successfully.
Copyright, 3893, by Harper Bros.
A">r EVERAL curious commentaries
W^ have been written at different
Y^ times, showing just how little
l^,,/ most people know of what is hap
.* penlng or has happened; nor are
the conditions dissimilar even in .these
. days of newspapers and correspondents
and tejegraphs, when we have come to.
consider our Information most accurate
and complete. A few, a very few, know
the truth and the whole truth; the rest
of us only think we do, and argue and
praise and condemn our statesmen and
soldiers just as if we were not supremely
ignorant of th« vital facts and the argu
ments that have dictated their actions.
Often, in the history of the world, the
truth has been such that it can never
be revealed, even to the most remote pos
terity; sometimes, as in the case of the
much disputed Venezuela message, the
Etory may leak out at some not very dis
tant time; while again, as in the present
• Instance, all may be safely made public, 1
. and is bound to be when the reasons
which dictated the policy of concealment
have ceased to exist. The rebellion in
Luzon is practically over, Aguinaldo is
"a prisoner," and I am merely telling a
story -which another might tell to-morrow
. or the next day or the next. ' •
We all applauded when Wheaton set
¦ eail for the Gulf of IJngayen; we ap
plauded his successful landing on Novem
ber 7, and his advance and pursuit of the
strangely evanescent Agulnaldo. Perhaps
some of us wondered at the trifling re
sistance he encountered and at the sud
den melting- away of an organized rebel
lion which had been supposed to domi
nate nine-tenths of the Island. How many
ol us, though, noted, much less recall, cer
tain apparently unimportant cablegrams,
already dusty in the files of the newspa
per offices? For instance:
"Special Cable Dispatch., Manila, Oct.
24.— Some anxiety is felt concerning the
fate of Lieutenant Farley of the Marine
Corps and four privates. Lieutenant Far
lev volunteered to lead a scouting party,
¦which started on October 16, since when
no news of him has been received."
"Special Cable Dispatch, Manila," Oct.
25.— There is still no news of Lieutenant
Karley. and the gravest apprehension is
felt at headquarters. It is understood
that the service upon which he volun
teered was one of great difficulty and
peril, and entirely of his own suggestion.
General Otis had little hope of a success
ful outcome, and only yielded to Farley's
eagerness and confidence. Yesterday's ca
ble was in error stating that the missing
officer was of the Marine Corps. He is
John B. Farley, first lieutenant Twentieth
Infantry. The men with him are Ser
geant Michael Prosky and Privates T.
Smith and Evans of Twentieth Infantry
and Corporal Wyllys Desmond of the Ma
rine Corps. All were specially selected by.
Farley for the service."
"Special Cable Dispatch, Manila, . Oct.
27.— Lieutenant Farley and his men have
been practically given up. Wylly3 Des
mond may be remembered by New York
ers as a comedian of some ability, who
left the Eighteenth Street Theater Com
pany and enlisted, in a fit of disgust, be
cause his short stature stood in the way
of his ambition to take serious parts.
Prosky is a Pole, and is noted in the army
for his ability as a linguist. He speaks
TagaJog- like a. native."
So much for these; and then there was
a private message that was sent October
28 to lieutenant Farley's mother. Of
course, you are familiar with the cable
prams, along the last of October and the
first of November, which told of the sud
den preparations for Wheaton's expedi
tion, but, naturally, you are not familiar
¦with a letter received a few days since
by a friend of Wyllys Desmond, which
reads as follows: •
"MANILA, Oct. 15, 1839.
"Dear Tim: Well, I've volunteered for
Bome sort of wild scrape. Things have
been pretty slow of late, and this may
give me something to write about, if I
don't go under. It was like this:
"I was smoking my pipe by the bar
. racks grate, when : I saw. Captain Murray
of the corps come along with another, offi
cer, *uid I noted that the duck was a first
lieutenant of infantry, and that he looked
sorer all the time. — --.-¦ •..- *¦ \
" 'Now, boys,' said he, 'now that Des
mond's made you the right thing and
you're dressed and armed, just tuck these
revolvers under your clothes. Perhaps
you'll need them and perhaps you .won't,
but I'm afraid your bolo practice isn't up
to champion form, if we should have to
light." " '•: . ¦ :.;
¦ "So we took the revolvers and a hand
ful of cartridges apiece, and I couldn't
help thinking what a decent spoken man
he was for a skulker. '•
" "Tenshun!" said he then, and we
straightened up. 'And, now, my men, I'm
Lieutenant Farley, U. S. A., and your
prisoner. You caught me outside the lines
and tied my hands behind my back, tak
ing my sword and revolver, and you're
carrying me straight to General Agulnal
do—see?' • . •
"He stopped a minute to let that sink
in, for we couldn|t open our ears quite as
wide as we could our. mouths and eyes.
" 'Desmond's an amigo,' he went on,
'and he and Smith, and Evans don't be
long to the same tribe "as any one w«
- '* . ¦¦¦'.. ' ; ¦', '•
just like any other* lieutenant of lnfan-j
try, except that he had a square cut to
his jaw and that his mouth shut tight
when he wasn't talking. . - ;¦ v
" 'This is the fellow," I heard the cap
tain saying (meaning me). 'Take him if
you want him and good riddance.'
"Then the strange' lieutenant , asked
something else in a low voice, and the
Cap. said: V; ; ¦. .
" 'Sandy enough— oh, yes! There'snoth
ing the matter with his sand.'
"With that Lieutenant Farley— for
that's who it was— walked up to me and
I stood up and saluted, and he looked me
over good and careful, and said:
" 'They tell me you've been on the stage,,
my man. 1 . ;
; " '¥es, sir,' said I; 'eight years, leading
comedy parts."
" 'Understand all about make-ups?' said
he.
" 'Yes, sir; all there is to know,' said I.
" 'Do you want to volunteer for a dan
gerous service — about a one to three
chance, and worth it?' said he.
"'Yes, sir,' said' I, without thinking. :
THE CAPTURE OF AGUINALDO
¦¦-¦¦¦ .-• . .
other fellows should fall back so they
couldn't spy into the windows or hear
what went on, all the while rubbing rfe
in good and hard that the fewer people
who got on to the game the fewer chances
there would be for outside claims, it
went, too; and for two cents* worth more
of such talk I believe the general would
have sent every jack Tag out of the wnoie
inclosure. -¦'¦.,'. .~.
"Well, the general led the way, with
Prosky whispering' mighty confidential,
what I learned later was a tip that we
were to say that -we were his men, whom
he'd sent to catch this very prisoner, hav-,
ing knowledge of his staying out. late of
nights, and promising, to look out for us,
which he could do much .better than we
could, with the big pull he'd have after
such a service. He'd have looked after
us all right; no doubt of that. But Prosky
was bright enough to fall into the scheme,
using it, as I've said, to get the guard or
dered away. -¦-••.¦."•'. :
"The upshot of It all was that, after
one or two questions and answers ana
some delay, we slid into - the door and
shut it behind ¦ us, and were shown into
a room where Aguinaldo himself was sit
ting behind a table looking dignified; and
there wasn't another genuine Filipino
within fifty yards, barring the general
and Aguinaldo' s secretary, who stood at
the end of the table. Everybody stood—
the general told us it was etiquette— in tne
presence of the President.
"There he was, sir, at last— ratty eye»,
pompadour hair and all. just like- the pic
tures—and he made a -sort of motion and
said something soft, and we pushed Mr.
Fsrley forward. Of course,; the rest
crowded up. with him, he being sucn a
particularly dangerous prisoner, and Agui
naldo frowned. You see. we'd pulled our
. bolos— partly to salute with and partly to
keep the prisoner in order.
"Aguinaldo began by firing two or
three questions at him— first in Spanisn,
and, when he shook his head at that, in
a, sort of pidgin English he'd picked up
in Hor.gkor.g- and on our ships. J. nere
didn't seem to be any call for our play
ing off longer, though. We might have
been interrupted or suspected or some
thing and. as it was, we were good and
well bunched, in easy reach of one an
other's 'throats. Agulnaldo, of. course,
was across the table, but that was only
a good jump for an active man. me
whole .thing looked so easy that I found
¦ myself beginning to grow very cool,
1 which, -I'll admit,. I hadn't been before
only I wished the . lieutenant would give
thf* si**" 1 " 1 **! * '
"Pretty soon Agu!naldo began- to get
excited and leaned forward and then Mr.
Farley leaned forward too, as if to make
him £ understand, he having Just mum
bled two or three things the. President
couldn't quite get. It happened pretty
quickly then. You see. the cords .on Mr.
Farley's wrists were almost cut througn,
and they came off like thread; and he
had the little monkey over the table by
his yeLow throat, sputtering and trying
to get loose, which* didn't quite go. -
"About the same minute Smith and Ev
ans, who had been standing back with
drawn boles, cut down the secretary and
general, and I ran around the table to
help the lieutenant with Agulnaldo. Then
Mr Farley jumped over," and we had him
down and the chloroform under his nose
just as we had planned it out.
"Smith and Evans had finished up the
other two by this time, which had to be
done. We couldn't afford to take any
chances, and, anyhow I don't believe
either of them would ever have got up
from the first, strokes. Bolos are made
to cut for keeps. Altogether the job was
finished dead easy, and, barring the
scuffle, there was no more noise about it
than passing the time of day with a
friend on the Rialto. The secretary's
screech was all that could have carried
outside, and Prosky ran to the door,
ready to explain how the Illustrious Presi
dent was merely trying to induce the de
testable itrisoner to answer a few ques
tions. No one came to inquire, though.
If they heard it they like enough took the
other :>art for granted.
"There we were, then, with two dead
natives and a very quiet and orderly
Senor Presidente of the Filipino republic
on our hands, and now it was my time to
take the center of the stage again. Aguin
nldo and the lieutenant -were just to
change parts, that was all. Prosky stood
at the outer door, ready to answer ques
tions; but, Lord bless you! I don't be
lieve a blooming one of the gang would
have dared to come near the house after
what they had been told. Discipline don't
amount to much among those fellows, so
far as the style end of It goes, but if a
chap don't do as he is told in certain re-,
spects something drops on his neck quick
and hard.
"That's why I wasn't Interrupted except
by my own thoughts, and at the end of
an hour or thereabouts the lieutenant was
a pretty good Filipino, barring his height,
"and Aguinaldo would pass in the dark ¦well
enough for a lieutenant of United States
infantry. Mr. Farley's clothes were on
"Aguinaldo, and the secretary's covered '¦
as much of Mr. Farley as they could.
That was the best we could do for him,
and I admit that his feet and inches wor
ried me. I will say, though, that I never
saw a man quite so sharp to look out for
everything.
" 'Now, then A said he, *up with him and
out we go. I'll get well under his weight,
so as to have good reason for stooping.
We're carrying out the prisoner, sergeant,
under the President's orders, and the
President is not to be disturbed.'
"With that we started, locking- the In
ner door and taking. the key. We didn't
dare lock the outer door for fear some
one might see us and get wind of some
THE SUNDAY CALL.
funny business, though every door count
ed now, every minute of delay, for there
wasn't much question as to what would
happen if we were caught.
'/Through the courtyard and past the
guards we slid along, with our eye3 on
the ground and our load shifted so that
the head and face hung down. A good
light or even a close squint in the dark
would have done for us, but we didn't
run up against either.
"Prosky spoke short," and the guard,
who'd- started to crowd up when we cams
out, fell back into the shadows quickly.
Prosky's business was fine, and it didn't
take the biggest fool of them long to see
that the President had been graciously
pleased to do the prisoner in his own way
and far his own reasons, and that it
wouldn't be healthy to pry.
"All along the street and toward the
outposts It was the same thing. People
were just as quick to get out of our way
as we were to want them to. I suppose
Mr. Farley had reasoned it all .out in that
way, and it was reasonable enough when
you thought about it. What looked like
the biggest risks just worked in our fa
vor. iror instance, we didn't have to
stop and get tangled up in risky expla
nations, because I don't believe we'd been
in their lines half an hour before every
body knew we were there and that we'a
brought in a prisoner, and they dicTn't
seem a bit surprised when they saw us
bringing him out on the horizontal. Even
the secretary's bloody clothes on Mr. Far
ley helped the thing along. If the most
gracious President had ordered tne vil
lain's throat cut, what more natural KTan
that the valiant patriots who did the act
and carried out the corpse should be a
trifle bloody? So it was easy all the way
to the outpost where we came in.
"Maybe the natives at the outpost didn't
grin when they saw us coming, and the
corporal's was the broadest of all. Ha
drew his finger across his throat and
nodded cheerfully, and Prosky nodded
back and repeated the gesture.
" 'Carrajo!' exclaimed the corporal. 'Will
you return when you have buried him?'
" 'Not till we catch another,* laughed
Prosky. •
"The corporal bowed in respectful ad
miration and envy, and Mr. Farley threw
him three or four dollars Mex.
"'So that all valiant 'patriots may re
joice in our reward,' says Prosky. like a.
melodrama hero, and we passed through,
the lines and out into the jungle.
"It was quiet out in the jungle— quieter
even than in the rebel lines, and yet
every second since we left the stockade
around AguinaMo's quarters I'd been;
hearing the howl that was sure to come
when the natives got on to our game.
It hadn't come, really, and unless luck
bucked up hard against our plans, it
wouldn't come for some hours — perhaps
not until morning; but I heard it, all 'the
same, right along. «
"Meanwhile we pushed on faster, but
it was slow enough work at best with a
dope on our hands. He- was beginning to
come out of it now, and we tied his arms
behind his back and got a gag ready to
stop him up with, in ease we ran across
Any of his crowd. I think it was the biff
stake we were playing for, and the near
we were to winning it, that gave me cold
feet, more than the danger, because that
had been there . all along and I hadn't
turned a hair.
"We were making for the west coast
now — the nearest point on it — and were
making hard. Mr. Farley told us how
three or four of. the little gunboats were
to be sprinkled along: at different points
to pick us up if we got that far. and that
it behooved ua to get. Three days* march
it was, easy, supposing we couldn't steal
horses, which was worse than doubtful.
"Agulnaldo had come around pretty
well by this time, and we let him walk,
which made traveling lighter. His gag
had been fitted in kindly but firmly, and
a rope tied around his neck in case he
balked any. Mr. Farley and Prosky hiked
along on either side with drawn revol
vers, and told him how he'd be shot full
of holes before he was rescued, but that
if we got him to Manila all safe he'd only
be comfortably marooned on a living sal
ary. I guess he believed the first part
fast enough, if he didn't the second, so
he just rolled his eyes.
"As I was saying, I think those three
days were the worst, and we didn't have
any trouble, either, right down to Ue
last minute, till we struck the beach all
of a sudden, with the jungle running
almost down to it, and the little Juanita J
lying- out about half a mile and the flag
fluttering on her.
"Meanwhile they couldn't have fotmd:
out about us back at Tarlac until morn
ing. Then they moved fast enough, no
doubt: but" we hadn't heard a sound ex
cept the yelling in my ears, and we hadn't
seen a soul except half a dozen natives
twice, and Prosky had gone ahead and
explained that we were taking- along a
prisoner to be disposed of secretly, by theN
orders of his Excellency. That was
enough. It looked all right at long range,
and they seemed to understand thnt it*
wouldn't be just the thing to investigata
such matters too closely.
"Now at last we were on the beach and
everything had gone just like clockw«5rk,
end the signals were made and a little
boat was dancing In over the surf. The
lieutenant and I and Agulnaldo were
down by the water, and the rest lay back
along- the edge of the jungle — just inside,
you understand — to hold off possible inter
ference at the last moment. Heaven
knows why I felt sure it would come, but
I did. and just abcut the moment the boat
shot through the breakers and crunched
on the beach we heard a gun go off behind
.us.
"We had Agulnaldo in the boat, lying
down along- the bottom, in about two
shakes, and the lieutenant and I stood
in the water at each side to push off.
only neither pushed, and we just stood
looking at each other and- back at the
brush.
"Nobody had broken through right be
hind us. But away up the beach, in each
direction, we could see the rebels running
out and shooting-, and the bullets began
to splash, and pretty. soon the Juanita
joined In with her one-pounders.
"You see, it was like this, and Mr. Far
ley; and I understood it fast enough. It
was our business to get into that boat
and get our prisoner out — quick. We botrt
knew well enough what we ought to do,
but it was leaving the boys; in the bush
that choked the order down in his throat,
and we knew those boys wouldn't come
out — were just going- to> hold there till
they went under and give us time to get
away. That was their business and they
were doing It. *
"By this time the one-pounders and the
Colts had cleared the beach. We knew
the rebels were crawling- down along the
edge of the jungle, though, and their shots
kept cropping in occasionally.
"All of a sudden the lieutenant got It In
the shoulder and nearly toppled over,
and they pulled him Into the boat, and
the ensign was. just saying. 'Now. then!*
when the jungle in front broke loose. You
see, they saw us getting off with the
game, and they saw Mr. Farley drop, and
they couldn't stand it any logger. Colts
or no Colts, so they'd just rushed Prosky
and the others, and Prosky and Smith
came out with them, laying about like
mad, and the Colts and the one-pounder
turned on the muss, and the men In the
boat let go. You • see. there wasn't one
chance in twenty for our three boys, any
how, and that rush had to be stopped.
"It was. The rebels couldn't stand it.
Prosky was down when they went back,
but Smith picked him up and ran fast to
the boat. They had a dozen or so gashes
and holes between i them. But we were
off at last, pulling like mad, and the Juan
ita pumping metal over us Into* the bush,
and the Mausers and Remingtons splash
ing up the water all around.
"That's about all. You know now what -
was left of us got back to Manila. Mr.
Farley'll be all right, they say, in two or
three weeks, ¦ and Smith is going 1 to pull
through, and, maybe Prosky. Poor Evan3
dropped In the jungle just before the reb
els made their break for the boat, . and
Smith says he was ¦ dead -. fast enough.
I'm all right, and we've got Aguinaldo,
which are both Important items; and it
the whole row here isn't over here in tw|
weeks I'm* a. Tagal!" .«•,
Jfe^Seized Aguinaldo ky ihefr.JhrQat.
seemed to me about three years before
we heard the nigger for 'Who goes .there?'
"That was where Prosky got his cue. •
" 'Friends, says he. (This was the gist
of the talk. Prosky^gave it to me later,
and it sounded as much like as anything
else.)
" 'What's the countersign?' said the sen
tinel. ~ ¦
" 'This is my countersign,' says Prosky,
throwing out his chest and flourishing his
hand toward Mr. Farley. 'Listen ! We
have- come many Gays, many mlies, not
resting, not sleeping, scarcely eating, and
you delay us now! It is a prisoner of
rank— a great general. He is ours— ours.
We, the valiant ones, took him from Ma
nila. It is most/necessary that, we carrv
him before .the illustrious - President at
once — and secretly. No one must know of
the capture first— it- would be death; and
when the. most illustrious President and
general shall examine him, it is he who
shall say what shall.be announced, and
to whom, and when. Is it permitted to
pass?' y -.
"But the idiot sentry mumbled some
thing more about the countersign, and
Prosky threw some good indignation. '
" 'Did I not tell you how, coming- from
Manila, night and day, we— could not
ki:ow of countersigns given only to-night
f>*. Tarlacl Delay us at vour neril!' '-r ./. i
meet. That's why they keep still. Pros
ky's a Tagal, and it's his talk that car
ries us throusrh or leaves us f ruit . for
trees. I talk English, which none of you
understand; but you want to obey my
orders just the same as if you did,' and
Mr. Farley kind of grinned.
"I didn't twisr what he was driving at
yet, but I saw now that he was going
with us all right, and I kicked myself
hard for the rough thoughts I'd had about
him.
" 'I think that's all I've got to say now,'
says he, looking sideways, as if he was
casting it up in his mind. 'We're going
•straight to Tarlac, where, I understand,
Aguinaldo is. If he's not there, .we're
going on till we find him- Mind'.you, I'm
an important prisoner, whom it is ..abso
lutely necessary for him to see ¦ and ex
amine at the , very earliest opportunity;
so you've brought me airthe way from—
Manila: Naturally, you don't know any
passwords or- countersigns. The story
hangs together all right, and it ought to
go. If it doesn't— well, I'll give orders as
if I was asking questions or favors or
something, and we'll do the best we can.'
"We'd gotten over our surprise by this
time and ¦were grinning like so many
Chessy cats — part because the thing
struck us as funny and part to hide our
excitement; for we could see fast enough
that 'his Straps' had something big up
his sleeve. Prosky was solemn, though,
not being a born American, and he went
to work in a matter of fact way to tie
the prisoner's hands behind his back and
gather In his sword and revolver. Of
course, Mr. Farley had another gun under
his clothes all right. Then we struck off
through the jungle and made a day of it.
"Well, sir, the next days were just jun
gle and rice swamp, and hot and muddy
and raining bucketfuls, but our' colora
stuck first rnte. I'd worked a little in
vention of my own on the make-ups, sur
mising it might wash a bit better than
the regular thing. Second day out we
saw a few amiiros at long range. The
amigos saw us, too, which, was one rea
son why we didn't, see them closer. An
amigo out here seems to be just a plain
duffer, who hasn't an amigo in the world,
and . who wears his shirt outside his
breeches. •vi'- ".'
"The second day "out, I think it was, we
were held up for the first time by a gang
of armed rebels and had a chance. to try
our disguises and Prosky's talk on them.
Maybe I didn't have a bad dose of stage
frig'ht at first, but everything went swim
mingly.
"Prosky's talk went all right, I say,
only the other chaps wanted to take 'his
Straps' off our hands and get the credit
of the capture. Of course, we'd have had
to fight them first, but luckily., it didn't
come to that. ¦' ,_
"Well, sir, we felt pretty chipper over
our first night hit. If it was only a bone
to the dogs, our costumes and- lines and
business had caught on big and, what's
more, we'd found out that we were on
the correct route, and that Agulnaldo was
really at Tarlac with his gold whistle
and all the rest of his material; If was
like we were all in the profession together
and were out for founding a lodge of
Elks. I tell you, sir, it stiffens up a com
pany, amazingly— a good first night. After
that "we " played to - full houses every' day
with everybody friendly except the ami
gos. Congratulations piled in on all sides.
. "It was seven days ' out before we got
our big news that Tarlac was only half
a day's march ahead. You see, we didn't
want any .word of our: coming- to get be
fore us, so we got a gait on ourselves,
and it Besides, we wanted to
strike, the lines just at nightfall, so it
would be dark when we took , our pris
oner in. and so we could .. have just as
much dark as possible afterward.
"W« fetched it with about an hour to
spare, and. lay by and got , our final or
ders in sight of their outposts and— well,
sir, it's all truth, they clean took my
breath away. You know— now — all ¦ about
it, but you can guess, maybe, how big
it looked then, and poor Evans he mum
bled something about our all. going; to. be
the biggest , kind of heroes if we-, didn't
turn very dead. It .wouldn't be plain deadj
either. ..-.¦.- , . .¦-•=¦• : :
* "As ¦ I was . saying, we ¦ lay- around '. for
about an hour in the densest bit pf jungle
we could find, keeping a sharp lookout
and saying nothing; only I went over the
make-ups pretty carefully and saw, that
everything.- was all' right to perform be
; fore. 'is Majesty.' " ! -' . •,-:- > - ; ;.--..
"About nightfall we picked up bur traps
>od headed straight. for the lines, driving
'LV3 Straps' - ahead of .; us. tied ; up "as if
he d been a" ; royal : - Bengal tiger, and fit
" 'Tell him to call his corporal,', moaned
Mr. > Farley, holding out his hands just
as if tut was asking us to loosen the cords.
- "1,/la.ughed— and it was a good stage
laugh, .too— and I got in some good char
acter business by making as if to tie him
up tighter, while Prosky put some ques
tion, and the - sentry yelled ; something,
and pretty soon g along - came what he
called a corporal, and Prosky went over
his tale, and the corporal said, 'very
good; I'll conduct you;', and through we
went and on into the town. . /
"At last. we came to-a good sized stone
house with a bamboo hedge around it and
a lot of lazy beggars in striped pajamas
lying asleep -with their Remingtons un
der-them, or playing-cards and smoking
cheroots and things. Oh, they ' were a
pretty lot of guards, * but some . of them
jumped up all right and grabbed their
rifles when they saw us'coming, and what
passed for a lieutenant, or a captain or a
general, strutted out and asked what we
wanted, and Prosky gava him his- act—
?nly kind of low and confidential like—
and the chap" nodded his head and grinned
6The first paper money used in this coun
try was Issued by Pennsylvania In 1721 In
the early, part of that year £15,000 was
issued on the credit of the colony, and a
few months later £30,000 more fol&wed,
strange postmen OF Foreign LANDS
DID you ever stop to think. of the
wonderful organization that in
sures the regular transmission of
every little letter, and its final safu
delivery to .. its owner, even at the re
motest ends of the world, the crowded for
eign city, or the solitudes of the mountain
or the forest? You cannot go to a point ao
Isolated as to be beyond the ministrations
of the poslofflce; but In some foreign coun
tries you would find very strange messen
gers and methods employed. . . . ¦*• '
In our country the system is so admlr- !
ably organized that the work of the letter
carrier ceases to have any individuality.
If you were to cross the. ocean, however,
and visit some of the countries of As.a
you would see some very queer postmen.
In Northern India, among the Himalayas,
letters are carried . by^/iatlve runners at
the end of a cleft stick. Sometimes one
of the postmen will travel a hundred miles
to convey his precious missive, the' letter
being delivered in as clean a condition as
when It started.
The commonest type of Indian poatrun
ner, or "Tappal-wallali," weirs a Ions
white coat, very light trousers, and a huge
light-blue turban. His letter-bag is slung
from his, shoulder, and he carries a long
stick with a sharp, iron 1 point, which/ can
be used as a weapon in case of need. The
1 . .¦ . . m - . '¦: : : ¦
stick is adorned with six little brass bells,
which serves to give notice of the ap
proach of the post.
. If you ' were in Japan you would see
lithe, wiry runners, withlvery little 1 cloth
ing on their brown bodies, darting here
and there among the crowd. Everybody
gives way before them,. for they are tha
postment of the empire. Their mail .Is
carried in small baskets strapped to their
sides. They, are 'Capable of sustaining* a
good deal of fatigue, and make* wonderful
journeys at times.' ¦
Among -the placid Chinese hurry is a
form of vulgar ¦ impatience, consequently"
very little dispatch is used in carryingjhe
mails in that great empire: They are can
tent- to convey ail ordinary communica
tions either' by slow paddling or . poling
boats, or else by foot-runners, whose high
sounding title' of . .'.'the-thousand-milo
horse" does - not quicken their pace . ba
yond about '¦ twelve miles in twenty-four
hours. They carry a paper lantern; and a
paper . umbrella, and their ¦] letter-basr ia
secured : to 'the . back by -^a* cloth knotted
across the chest.
Among the 'most picturesque letter-car
riers of the world are the "Camel Express
Messengers" of B-khara.'' The men wear a
serviceable red uniform, and a largegreea
turban ; embroidered with gold" thread.-
Prom" the>r girdle hang^ a curved saber (
in a red sheath.'- The camels are adorned"
with; trappings^ of gay cloth arid tassels
Ornamented • with blue > heads and cowrie
shells, and ! with small brass bells- round
their neck to give 'notice of their ap
proach. The rough and rapid trotting of
these animals, sometimes at the rate of
eighty ' miles, a f day, is so trying to the
riders as to shorten i their lives. ":;
.Of vehicles, we find, every conceivable
variety used. to- aid ths post-runner in hU
labor, i In Natal the post^cart is a light
four-horse vehicle, not. much to look at.
but'capital as a means of getting over vile
roads with \ deep ruts. In the .mountain
district ot ; Brazil a , two- wheeled wagon,
drawn' by. oxen, is In use, the wheels being
cut out of a, solid block .and fastened, to
the' axle. r ,., . .-. -.Vs. <,
', In some parts of Russia buffaloes har
nessed to' two-wheeled." vehicles^carry the \
postmen on their road, but more frequent
ly- mail Sledges . a~re . drawii 'by horses, ; by
reindeer, or, in 4 the ; far north by. dogs,
¦ "•' The latter we "find ' again 'in Canada— as
for' Instance, ; in : the mail service between"
Selkirk and Lake Winnipeg,? where •the
work is done by trains of letter-sleighs, i
each drawn by three dogs, .harnessed 'in
as "a jester, a caricaturist, a mocking
bird." Deriving the name by which he is
commonly known from his ... distinctive
ability ( and proclivity to mew like a cat,
he is, nevertheless, a very, prince of song,
and a mimic who cai} rivalthe mocking
bird in his best, efforts at rollicking bird
music. He is a deadly enemy of injurious
insects, harmless in his every, habit of
life. He ""would indeed be a useful and
valuable acquisition that the. State would
be glad to foster. and protect.
. It would be hard to disassociate the
"brown thresher," or "red mavis," as It
is sometimes called, from the catbird,' so
intimate are they in haunts and habits,
even If unlike in form and plumage. In
song this bird ranks among the foremost in
bird life though not possessing the faculty
of mimicking like the catbird. He also
would be " a valuable acquisition and
.doubtless could be readily acclimated and
'made'; to increase and multiply here.
And why not introduce that harlequin
of song birds; the dainty morsel of . the
epicure, the bobolink? Surely for ' part
of the year at least he would find a con
genial home in the tule marshes of the
Sacramento- and San Jo'aquin, where, a3
the "reedblrd" of the Middle States and
the "rice bird" of the South he would at ,
least furnish toothsome tidbits for. the
gourmand, if he did not abide with us and
furnish us with the music of his musically
jangling voice.
Writers .and poets- have extolled\the
quaint beauty - of the song of the bobo
link, "and no boy ever-listened to it with
out a sensation of delight that caunted
him. |
•\ The, song sparrow is .that" cheerful little
body whose song the Massachusetts girls
say— according to Thoreau— is:
Maids, maids, maids;
, Hang ; on v your • tea , kettle, tea kettle— ettle—
ettle! jjSMBj
. He is a source of never-failing delight
there in his' season and would doubtless :
.becomes so here the whole. year round.
His . song, ; as . compared to the short,
sharp chirp ; of our own sparrows, is as
piccolo- to <tbe_ child's toy whistle.^
. The nights In Granada— soft air, and the
passionate voice .of the \ guitar . mingling
with the nightingale's song among the
orange _ trees! "¦..'. \ .
• Whoever has traveled in the south of
Spain - and '¦ lingered through restful days
in the month of .May among the groves of ¦
the Alharabra ' has heard the nightingale
in his most delightful song and at his very
best. ._ ' \ He will ; not ; fail to • have observed
also a striking; similarity in climate '. and
natural formation "which that sec thn of
Wkm, ¦ - ¦ ¦
the world exhibits in comparison with
California.
It would hot require a wide stretch of
the imagination to conceive that the
scene was laid in California and that tha
red-tiled roofs and Moorish effects of tha
surrounding structures -were but a re
production of an old mission scene— on s>
much grander scale, to be sure, but still
California in its general effect.
Why, then, since the two countries are 1
so alike, may not the nightingale find here
a home as congenial and as conducive to
its best vocal efforts as in the leafy
groves around the old Moorish palaces?
And why not Include this primo of all tha
. feathered songsters If any effort is to be *
made for their introduction here? Nona
are more worthy of the experiment than,
this Incomparable bird. {B§H
He will bring with him a very tempest .
of song of his own and will repeat from
one end of the gamut to the other all the
notes of the whole army of woodland
warblers that will gather in his train: for
no greater mimic exists than he and none
can boast of a wider and more charming
repertoire of his own.
There's a bower of roses by Bendermeer'a
• stream,
And the nlfhtlsral* ¦loss them an th# dag
say s^ Tom Moore. ~ """"'"" ."" V? "¦'~ !
While there is doubtless mor» poetry
than truth In these ' oft-repeated lines
there is certainly more truth than poetry
in the assertion that there are bowers of
roses all over his enchanted land that the
nightingale would seek out for his
favorite haunts and pour forth a flood
of melody that no one of his kind "by
Benderraeer's stream" could ever hope to
rival.
These are but a few of the great host
of feathered songsters who might here
' find genial environment and climatic In
ducement for a ceaseless display of their
vocal ' powers. The list, if elaborated in
full, would be a lone one Indeed; "for na
ture, elsewhere If not here, has been lav
ish in her gifts of song to the birds. Just
why she should have adopted here tho •
rule that they, like little children, "should
be seen and not heard," 13 a riddle too
dimcult to solve, but as in this Instance
she has in frequent practice demonstrated
that there is an available remedy for the
evil thus Inflicted upon us it will txi
strange, indeed, if we longer hesitate to
adopt It| for aside from the ethical aspect
of the proposition there Is to be consld
. ered the purely utilitarian point of view.
In the Increase, of insect destroyers
which would be obtained by the further
increase in population, of son? birds, the
State at large would be a gainer in annual
' money value, far, very far beyond the
original expenditure that may have to be
"made to carry the Idea Into practical ef- ,
feet.
California Is called the Land of Sun
shine; let It also be the Land of Sons.
agree; so there can be no doubt that it
would be aroused and developed among
our native birds if the example were only
set before them of others of -their own
species elf ted with the power of song.
And our lark is another illustration. In
the East he is a rare singer; out here he
gurgles. . : :.'
Perhaps he is suffering- from some tu
berculosis; but rather is it more probable
that he merely suffers from ignorance
and years of continual lack of a melodious
example.
His note Is not unmusical, but it is such
a funny, ridiculous little gurgle that it
sounds amusing, compared with the clear,
sweet slurred notes of his Eastern
brother.
Just two prolonged notes of a quality
merely sufficient to arouse in one the de
siro to hear a greater variety and more
of it, but wholly unsatisfactory in its
limited range. And yet the lark's song
proper Is worthy of admiration and un
qualified praise.
"In richness of voice and modulation,"
says Mr. Ernest S. Thompson in his
"Birds of Manitoba," "the lark equals or
excels both wood thrush and nightingale;
and in the beauty of its articulation it
has no superior in the whole world of
feathered choristers with which I am ac
quainted." • ~ .
Surely with such evidence before us, the
proper musical education of our own larks
would seem to be worthy of consideration
and enerzetlc action.
The comparison of the song of the lark
with that of- the wood thrush furnishes
another reminder of . the possibilities in
this direction. Here the latter is a silent
The catbird, known to every country
boy in New England, has been well de
scribed as "the Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde"
of birds, because of his opposites of char
acteristics and habits. Draped in sober
slate-colored garb that disguises his ec
centricities, he is appropriately set down
Eut it is not alone through the introduc- ¦
tion of song birds whose congeners find
habitat here, but which are, silent, that
benefit is to be derived. The' field is open
for others known here at all and with
a world-wide fame as singers.. A few. ex- •'
amples need only be cited here. <*,'
And it will be no difficult task to import
teachers for this large class who would
call around them thousands of dusky
hued birds that soon might rival the song
their species "on Michigan's shore" and.
give inspiration to the poet here to wel
come the singer and glorify his song.
"Even the blackbird— he of the golden
wing and brightly burnished, inky plum
age, whose vocal register is here limited
to an utterance half-way between the
chirp of a sparrow and the croak of a
cr&w — is none the less v/orthy of an op
portunity for voice development and cul
tivation. As the old-time poet has It,'
The bia-efcblrd is singing on Michigan's shore
As sweetly and caily as ever before.
and shy bird; loVely in his mottled plum
age and just such an ideal bird figure as
might be looked to for singing quality.
Alas.' he utters no note that can be de
s-cribed or remembered: while in the East
he is held In high esteem as one of the
finest, and by many set down* as the supe
rior of all "the merry laughing birds" that
inhabit that region.
At that time the criticism was not with
out Justiflcatfon to a large extent. Car
peted as the whole face of the country
was through the earlv months of the year
•with a profusion of wild flowers they
¦were nevertheless practically without per
fume other than the aromatic, spicy odor
now so familiar to all who live among
them. Since then, however, the capabil
ity of the country for the production of
every flower that grows has been so
widely tested that the whole face of na
ture has become a garden of beauty and
every breeze that is wafted across It Is
laden with a delightful perfume from the
flowers that adorn its surface.
But the "song" bird still -refuses to
sing!
Is it possible thai all the Pattis and
Jenny Llnds and Sembrichs of the feath
ered tribe who are so unfortunate as to
lose their voices come out here to try
to get them back? If so, it is rather
hard on us!
The floriculturist has changed the face
of nature; he has taught flowers how to
bloom and exhale their fragrance as all
beautiful flowers should do; may not
man now try his hand upon these .feath
ered creatures and see if he cannot
verify the truth of the adage. "Birds
that can sing and won't sing must be
made to sing"? /
With all its wealth of vegetation, gen
tle climate and apparent capabilities of
being the natural home of song birds, why
should the voices of nearly all of them
be comparatively silent? We listen in
vain for the flood of bird melody that
welcomes the rising sun and glorifies the
evenings of the East. We hear the mel
ancholy complaint of the mourning dove,
varied sometimes with the. brief note of
WE HAVE some Pattls and Sem
brichs here tn our midst, but
they <So no singing. Can't we
bring them out?
They are a group of songbirds,
prettily feathered little fellows that make
the woods and fields alive with chirping in
their native East, but for some reason
are still in our sunshine.
Perhaps they are homesick. Many of our
birds East and are never heard to sing
again. That is easier to understand, for
the Eastern chill of manner and of cli
mate sets in and silences them. But for
an Eastern bird to refrain from singing
in the midst of our flowers and our
warmth and our sunshine— how can he?
The lark is one of them— that happy bird
most of all associated with music The
blackbird is another, and the catbird and
the robin. To be 6ure they all make
noises, but these are sad substitutes for
their music The fault-finding tourist
points at the obstinate rascals and sneers
exultantly. He has been expecting to fall
right into heaven Immediately upon
leaving Truck»e, and behold! he has but
found a land where the birds don't sing
£.nd there are no angels twanging harps
of gold upon the street corners! The tour
ist Is aggrieved. He feels like wanting his
money back. . -• ';.
And California is compelled to hang her
head and mournfully concede the fact.
And the early comers, even of the days
of '45, were disposed to be hypercritical
in all matters pertaining to soil and cli
mate and their accessories of song birds
and wild flowers. The land, lying yet
practically a virgin soil undisturbed by
the plow, gave little promise of its capa-
I bilities and wore an aspect of unpromising
aridity rather than a hopeful outlook for
profitable agricultural development. Fre
mont's glowing description of the country,
its natural beauties and possibilities, be
came largely the subject of satirical com
ment and not infrequent ridicule; but
later on they learned to appreciate the
fact that Fremont was right.
The country that was considered an arid
•waste has blossomed like the rose; but
the poor stupid "song" bird continues to
epeak largely in the alphabetical language
of the deaf mute. He has not developed
with the country/
It used to be an aphorism that Cali
fornia was a place where "the flowers
were without perfume and the birds with
out song."
The familiar member of the thrush fam
ily known in the East as the "robin" fur
nishes an interestins . example. .* His ac
complishments as a singer are familiar to
every one raised east of the Rocky Moun
tains. One of the most welcome of all
the singing birds that there usher in tho
spring, he, Is also one of the most useful
as an insect destroyer and therefore an
ally always to be counted upon for friend
ly and adventitious aid by the farmer and
horticulturist. Famous as a song bird to
an extent that has made him the favorite
of the poet and the pastoral writer, he
brings cheer to every household and is
fostered and beloved by all.
But what of his namesake here, < his
"ppor relation." as it were?
He never utters a note, except a chirp
of alarm or a wild scream of fear when
protecting his young from attack.
When "Cock Robin" of the East is fill
ing the air with melodies from some tall
tree at sunset, his counterpart •¦ of Cali
fornia is silent in the thicket; engaged in
digesting the most recently captured
worm preparatory to tucking his head be
neath his wing t» sleep and wait for an
other silent morrow.
Br'er Robin needs a teacher! . . •
• Undoubtedly he has a voice of some
kind. Why not give him a chance to de
velop it under a competent instructor?
Upon the subject of the Imitative fac
ulty In birds all authorities on ornithology
Some examples of well-known singing
birds In other States and their silent con
geners here may, however, be cited and
compared with profitable results.
With all these things in their favor the
cultured bird of the East would thrive
and multiply: his silent brother of the
Pacific slope .would hear and admire; the
Instinct of imitation would lead him to
attempt the same vocal feats: a triumph
would have been achieved and a new song
put Into the mouth of the little chap who
for so long had known nothing but a
chirp.
The large increase of forestry since
American occupation would doubtless
greatly facilitate the successful introduc
tion of song birds: it would also tend to
preserve in them their one peculiar at
tribute; since it may be set down as a
well established fact in nature that nearly
every song bird seeks a tree or shrub
from which to pour forth Its melodies and
few ever attempt, to do so from the
ground. Perhaps 'the nakedness of the
country In the matter of forestry orjgin
ally had much to do with silencing the
voices of our native birds, which in name,
plumage, habits and general appearance
are the same as their counterparts of oth
er lands; but that is a question for sci
entists to discuss.
If properly protected by law the im
ported birds might simply be brought here
and set free in our hills and valleys. They
would thrive on the plant and Insect life
found there, mate and rear their youae.
And it Is not an unfeasible idea. Cali
fornia stocked her streams and bays with
fish originally foreign to these waters.
Foreign plants thrive in the soil equally
well with the indigenous varieties. We
ourselves who come from the East become
acclimated and live comfortably here and
grow fat. The land, the water, the cli
mate are all friendly to strangers.
Isn't it a good idea?
It would be profitless, perhaps, to in
quire Into the why and wherefore of this
bird silence in California, but it ought
not to be a profitless task to endeavor
to introduce song birds here, not only to
gladden the hearts of the people with
their melodies, but perhaps to become
the educators of those of like species
who as yet refuse to sing but whose
musical capabilities have possibly never
yet had suitable opportunity [ for devel
opment-
Import, teachers. Send here bird
teachers from the East. Our California
birds have never had advantages. Why
not give them a chance to get in on the
culture proposition that is elevating tfie
human inhabitants of our land?
the lark and the chirp of the sparrow
and his congeners of the tree and shrub —
and that is all!
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
"BIRDS WITHOUT
SONG"
OF CALIFORNIA
7The 112 cotton mills of Mexico e?»n
sumed last year 57,000,000 pounds of cotton
and produced nearly 10,000,000 pieces 6*1
woven and printed goods. These mill*
give employment to 22.000 operatives and
the sales for ?*"» »«•*• am/wroted. to mor*
than 523.000.CC0
Maiden Aunt— Why. Willie r I said if
you did strike her I would never kiss you
again.
Willie (still doggedly)— Well. I couldn't
let. no chance like that slip.— London Tit-
Bits.
Mother (coming- swiftly)— Why, "Willie!
Striking your little sister!
Willie. (doggedly)— Auntie made me.
The exports of steel rails, which wers
largely imported into the United States
from England until a comparatively short
time ago. have Increased largely. In 1S97
their value was $2,4S2,20S, and In 1900.
$9,218,144. Of this total, British Nortlx
America took rails to the value of $2.8S2,-*
667; Asia and Oceanica, $2168, and Souths
America. $1,420,623. Europe took rails t©
the value of $658,532. The value of export*
of wire increased from $2,242,617 to $3,
982.400.
While the exports of American goo&a
have shown such large increases all alongr
the line the great volume of the export
tonnage Is still carried in foreign bot
toms. There has been a considerable in
crease in the amount carried by American
vessels, however, as is shown by the fact
that, while the value .of exports carried
under the American flag in 1897 was $77.-
Ul\4-:2, in 1900 it amounted to $87,819,434.
and this notwithstanding the fact that
many American vessels engaged In tha
foreign service were taken by the army
and navy since 1S97 and are still used
as transports, hospital ships, colliers and
auxiliary naval vessels.
328,917. Laundry machinery, which was
not stated separately in 1S97, was export
ed to the value of $7,19'5,33O in 1900. Tha
value of sewing machines exported in
creased from $3,S40.241 in 1S97 to $4,540,842
in 1900, and the appreciation of American
typewriters in foreign countries Is shown
by the increase In exports from $1,453,117
in 1897 to $2,697,544 In 1900. Despite the fact
that many classes of machinery stated
separately in 1900 were included under tha
heading "all other machinery" in 1837,
the increase under this latter headlnsr Is
from $19,771.S3(J to $21,913,202.
One of the most interesting features of
the present commercial' expansion 1 of the
United States is the" large growth in the
exports of Iron and steel and goods made
of these metals. Aside from the many
articles containing considerable iron and
steel, but classified under other" headings
such as agricultural, implements, selenitic
implements, steamers and sailing vessels
sold to foreigners, and many of the arti
cles classed as manufactures, of wood the
value of iron and steel exports, not lnciiri-
Ing ore, increased from $57,497,305 to $121'
858,344J These experts go to every country
on the face of the globe and include
everything from locomotives to cambric
needles. ¦ •'. : ' .
Under the head of steam enrines there
were exported In 1897 two fire engines
valued at $6790; '338 locomotives, valued at
$3,255,831; 423 stationary. engines, valued at
$323,438,. and b6ilers and. parts of engines,
valued at $671.334.. In 1900 these exports
had grown to. four fire engines, valued at
$14,915; 525 locomotives, valued at $5,552,403;
1128 stationary engines, valued at $652,876,
and boilers and parts of • engines ' to the
value of $1,756,199. The exports' of electri
cal, machinery were noVseparately stated
, ia ; 1S97,\ but - in 1900 ¦ they, amounted to . «.-
The value of the exports of leather and
manufactures of leather in the period un
der consideration increased from $19,161,
446 to $27,288,808. Under this heading, the
increase in the value of boot and shoe ex
ports was from $1,708,224 in 1897 to $4,274,
174. This was in part due to the success
ful efforts which American manufacturers
have been. making for a few years to in
troduce their boots and- shoes into Euro
pean markets, and the sales to the United
Kingdom last year amounted to $950,267.
The largest foreign market for American
shoes, however, Is in British Australasia,
which took goods to the value of $1.174437'
in 1900. : . ;:;;;_/.: : : '.
stiil continues to be the largest lorelgn
consumer of United States coal, taking it
to the value of $15,124,850 in 1900. In the
last few years, however, the coal miners
of the United States .have begun to find a
market in Europe, the exports to France,
for instance, having increased from $3985
in 1897 to $144,129 in 1900. while Germany,
Italy and other European countries took
increasing quantities, and a few cargoes
even went to England, a veritable carry
ing,of coals to Newcastle. -V/V-vv-'-V 1 '¦¦7-.' ¦•¦.
. Exporters of almost every,- article ¦ pro
duced - or manufactured in ; the United
States are beginning to find ] markets for
their roods' In these : islands and Vthesa
The inhabitants of all the islands are
rapidly adopting American clothing and
American boots and shoes. As all of them
have warm climates, comparatively few
.woollen goods are used, and the largest
increases are shown in cottons. In 1S97
Cuba bought cotton goods in the United
States to the value of only $67,452, while
in 1900 she bought cottons to the value of
$612,252. Porto 'Rico bought to, the. value
of $12,002 in 1S97. and $312,459 In 1900.' The
exports of cottons to Hawaii" and the
Philippine Islands in 1897 were so small
that 'they were not stated ; separately in
the .treasury statistics. In 1900 the exports
to' Hawaii had grown to $572,551 and those
to the Philippines to $29,744. The total ex
ports of-boots and shoes in 1897 were* so
small that they were not given by coun
tries at all, and very few went 'to any of
the islands. In 1900 the exports to Cuba
were $248,937, 'to Porto Rico $25,759, to Ha
waii $191,884 and to" the' Philippines $6610. V
Tie ir.;.a.ijHanls of all tht. islands have
acquired a remarkable liking for Amer
ican beer, and the exports of this com
modity to meet their demands are growing
rapidly. In 1S97 the exports of "domestic
malt liquors from the United States
amounted in value to only $723,796. In 1900
the value had grown to $2,137,527, and a
large proportion of the total went to the
insular possessions of the Government,
There were shipped to Cuba 445,960, dozen
bottles valued at $600,995, and 286.549 gal
lons, valued at $76,527. Porto Rico drank
69,635 dozen bottles, valued at $101,217. Ha
waii drank 142,161 dozen ; bottles, worth
$147,584, and 146,410 \ gallons, worth' $39,136,
while the Philippines took 469,451 .dozen
bottles, valued at $557,807,- and 16,080 gal
lons, worth $4143. The consumption of dis
tilled spirits exported from- the United
States to the islands was comparatively
light. Cuba took 5534 gallons of Bourbon
whisky and 8146 gallons of rye whisky.
Porto Rico consumed 2864 gallons of Bour
bon and 2230 gallons of rye. There are
heavier drinkers of whisky in the Pacific
than in the West Indies, for Hawaii took
22,426 gallons of Bourbon and 722 gallons
of rye, while the Philippines took 53,310
gallons of Bourbon and 5111 gallons of rye.
The increase in the value of copper and
manufactures of copper was^ from $31,621,
125 to $57,S51,707, and in coal from • $11,008,-"
C43 -' to $19.502.412 v :- British North America
In the same time the value of the ex
ports of- raw. cotton increased from $230,
890,971, to .. $241,832,737, _ and , of manufactures
of cotton from $21,037,678 to $23,980,001.
¦ The of _ provisions, Including
meats and dairy products, did ¦ not - in
crease to the 'same extent as breadstuffs,
but. they grew from a value of $137,138,084
in 1897 to . $184,431,716 in 1D0O. .The exports
of ! mineral oils, crude . and , refined, " grew
from. a value. of $62,635,037 in 1897 to $75,
611,211 in -1900. The increase in the value
of -wood; and 1 manufactures of wood was
from $39,624,800 in 1897 to $50,594,819 In 1900.
1 The exports of i breadstuffs to all th©
world Increased from $197,857,219 In 1897 to
$262,734,026 in 1900.' The most marked in
crease under, this heading was In the ex
ports of wheat flour to China and Japan.
In' 1897 China" took flour to the value of
but $72,100, while in 1900 the total exports
to that ¦ country, .including what went
through Hongkong, amounted to$4,502,
oSl. .Japan took so little in 1897 that it was
not stated separately, but in 1900 she paid
$1,554,739 for American flour. ¦ . * ., '
American agricultural machinery has
long been recognized as leading the world,
and yet in 1897 the total exports. under this
heading amounted to but"$5,240,686, while
in 19Q0 they had grown to $16,094,8S6. The
exports of farm machinery and tools to
the United Kingdom doubled between 1897
and 1900, to Franc© and Germany they
ha'd doubled, and to British North Amer
ica more thanf quadrupled! The greatest
increase,, however, was to that great agri
cultural country of South America—Ar
gentina—which in 1897 bought to. the value
of $415,312 .and In 1900 to the value of
$1,505,744.
markets will continually expand as Amer
ican goods come to be better known and
the consuming power of the . inhabitants
grows with their increase in \ prosperity
under just and stable governments. While
the percentages of increase have been
larger in the exports to the islands now
under the sovereignty" of the United
States, the largest increases in value have
taken place in exports to countries having
better developed markets, and in some
lines .these increases have been phenom
enal. . ' . . •. •;-..-
•Y~y UROPEAN NATION'S did not need
_/ to wait for the billion and a naif
I f steel trust before taking alarm at
**""\* the American campaign for the
commercial conquest of the world.
J. Pierpont Morgan's great combination
has brought it home to them vividly, but
commercial America has been expanding
ever since territorial expansion was . an
accomplished fact. It expanded $338,874,
084 in foreign commerce in 1900 over 1897,
the year before the war. It has expanded
in the first eight months of the present
year $296,404,259 over the first eight months
of 1897. In iron and steel exports alone
the expansion In 1900 over 1897 has been
$64,361,039, and it may almost double these
figures this year.
In another notable instance • has the
maxim that "trade follows the flag"
been illustrated lately. Spain is suffering
from great business depression. She is
on th« verge of an Industrial crisis.
¦Every branch of her trade is suffering
from the loss of her colonies. Her Im
ports to Cuba have shrunk from $136,
000,000 to $66,000,000; to Puerto Rico from
$44,000,000 to $17,000,000, to the Philippines
from $49,000,000 to $27,000,000. Her total
loss In trade through the passing of her
last colonial possessions is $123,000,000 a
year.
Now look at the American picture.
During the three years which have passed
since the breaking out of the war with
Spain the foreign trade of the country
has grown by leaps and bound?. Ameri
can goods are making their way into
'every market of the world in Increasing
quantities, but most remarkable of all has
been the development of the commerce
between this country and the islands over
¦which the sovereignty of ' the United
States was extended as a result of the
Spanish war. The maxim that "trade
follows the flag" has never received a
more striking verification.
Not . only have ' the exports of bread
stuffs, meat products, cotton, petroleum
and other products which are exported in
their natural state, or nearly so, largely
Increased, but there has been a still
more striking Increase In the export of
manufactured goods, such as machinery
of all kinds, textiles, and boots, and
Ehoes. Until within the last' few years,
exnortjy of American manufactured goods
have been made up largely of what were
termed "Yankee notions." Now the coun
try is exporting everything, from steel
bridges to be erected in Egypt or India,
and locomotives to be run in Siberia or
Africa, to typewriters, cash registers,
pocket knives, and pins and needles.
For the fiscal year which ended June
30,1897 — the last complete fiscal year before
the Spanish war — the exports of merchan
dise of all kinds, including silver bullion,
amounted in value to $1,112,024,562^ For the
fiscal year ended June . 30, 1900— the last
complete fiscal year— the total reached
the amount of $1,450,898,646. This rate Is
still keeping up and for the eight months
of the present fiscal year the total " ex
ports to foreign countries foot up $1,015,
193.4S9, against but $735,085,143 for the
same period in 1897, and this notwithstand
ing the fact that the commerce between
the United States and Hawaii and be
tween the United States and Porto Rico
Is no longer considered foreign commerce,
and is not included as such in the statis
tics of the Treasury Department. Another
factor that has tended to reduce the
figures for the present year below what
they would otherwise have been in the
unsettled condition of affairs in China.
Exports to the Chinese Empire were in
creasing very rapidly when the *Boxer
troubles broke out there last year, bat
for the first eight months of this year
they are nearly $5,000,000 less than for the
same period last year.
If a cpmparison between' the present
year and 1S97 is to be made on a fair basis
the exports to Hawaii and Porto Rico
must be added to the foreign commerce,
and this would bring the figures for the
first eight months of the present fiscal
year up to $1,031,488,442, or a gain of $296,
404.299 over the Bame months in 1S97.
Although there- has been a greater pro
portionate increase in exports to other
parts of the world, Europe still continues
to be the best customer of -..he United
States, taking in 1000 goods to the value of
$1,040,167,312,' against $813,380,332 in 1837. in'
the same period exports to.. Asia have in
creased from 539,268,755 to $64,913,984, while
in exports to Oceanica the increase has
been from $22,652,773 to $43,390,927. and the
exports to Africa have increased from
$16,953,127 to $19,469,109. The' increase in ex
ports, to South America has not been aa
The exports to the islands under the
control of the United States embrace a
wide ( range of articles. Cuba took, in 1890,
cattle and ather animals to the value of
$2,983,766; s breadstuffs to the value of J2.914,
870; iron and steel to the value of $3,717,127;
provisions' to the value of $5,214,489, and
manufactures of wood to the value" of
$2,122,553. The principal exports to Porto
Rico were breadstuff s to the value. of
$1,013,204. The largest item in Hawaii's ac
count was iron and steel to the amount of
$5,064,306. Cuba bought eleven locomotives
at a cost of $76,607. Porto. Rico 'took one
worth $4500 and'Hawali took two at a cost
of $7625. There were shipped to Cuba
nineteen organs and seventy-two pianos;
to Porto .Rico eight organs and eighteen
pianos; to Hawaii nineteen organs and 118
sianos. and to the . Philippines one or can.
Some of these /. goods are, of course,
bought by Americans in the islands, but
these Americans bring them to the notice
of the natives. ' It has been said that ev
ery American soldier in the insular pos
sessions of the United States is a commer
cial agent, for the natives see the kind
of things he uses and want similar goods
for themselves. ' . : .
That trade has followed the flag is
shown by the remarkable increases In ex
ports to Cuba, the Philippine Inslands,
Hawaii and Porto Rico. The total exports
to Cuba in 1S97 amounted to but $8,250,776,
while in 1900 they had grown to $26,513,613.
The' increase in the exports to the Philip
pines was in still greater proportion. Be
fore the islands were acquired by the
United States American goods were al
most unknown— the total value of the ex
ports to the islands ; being but $94,597 in
1S97. The total in 1900 had risen to $2,640.
449. The exports to Hawaii grew from
14,690,075 in 1S97 to' $13,509,158 in 1900, and
those to Porto Rico increased from $1,988,
888 in 1897 to $4,040,431 in 1900. These figures
do not include supplies sent to these
islands for the United States military and
naval forces or for the use of the United
States authorities in any way. They are
the purely commercial exports .which pass
through the custom houses.
satisfactory, the growth being frum $33,
768,493 in 1S97 to $3S,945,721 in 1900. The ex
ports to other countries in North America
in 1897 were $124,963,773, and in 1900^$187,
209.318.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
How Trade Has Followed the Flag
8Traits of Siamese Cats.
Siamese cats, with their curious mark
ing and loud, 'discordant voices, are now
favorites with fashionable women In Eng
land. In many respects the animals of
Siamese breed are. unique among cats.
They follow their owners as a dog wouldr
they are exceedingly. affectionate, and in
sist upon being nursed, and they meow
loudly and constantly, as if trying to talk,
and to a "deaf person at that.
They have. more vivacity than usually
.falls 'to the lot of cats and less dignity.
In color they, vary from pale fawn
through shades of brown to chocolate.
There are two varieties, the temple cats
and the palace cats, about the onijPdiffe'
ence between the two varieties being that
the palace breed is darker in color. ,
. The only sacred temple cats that ever
left the land of their birth were given to
• Dr. Nightingale as a mark . of special
favor by the King of Slam. They werp
named by • their new owner Romeo and
Juliet, and are now the property of Lo>d
•Marcus Beresfoid. They are very expen
sive, moderate specimens selling for $39
and finely marked one bringing $7a to $30&
Now that many ladies of rank in Eng
land have catteries, the price of high-bred
cats is constantly Increasing. Champion
Lord Southampton, ' a white Perslar.
owned by Mrs. Greenwood, was sold for
$350, and $250 was refused for Zaida. a
former cat • show ¦ champion.— Chicago la
ter Ocean,
¦
In to once, and my family Is such turrible
eatere." ' ; . • ¦ ¦< . ¦
. :"And this adventure' with a mouse. la
not the only. case on record where spiders
have rtone deeds of highj enterprise.' The
Hon. . David '. E. Evans-of Batavia, N. Y.,
saw'- a- striped snake, nine; inches long
caught and killed by^ a spider, its mouth
shut up with threads of silk and- its tail
' tied" toTa:* knot so as to form a • loop
through which-. was; reeved.a cord as
strong as aewinjr silk made ot- multiplied
threads and run up/ over* a soft of . pulley
of which : a dea<T fly was the core. Maybe
'you ' think .that 'is a . pretty able-bodied
yarn, but what do you call the state'-' j
ment'that a'Dolomedes spider, ljas been
scen'to, catch and land -a fish? No, I'm
sure; I've got- It: right; It wasn't: the fish
that caught'} the ; spider. . .. There wouldn't I
be any storv in that at all. \ It .was the
spider; that. caught the fish. It leaped on
the: fish's shoulders and 'hit^and; bit and
swung, ashore; and.; fastened, lines' till if
warped 1 the ; fish out : of water. It wasn't
; a .very . big* fish, 1 ] grant you, if one may
go by. the picture in the book, but it wa3
a-flahf and f that* is ;wonderful Venough'in
itself. '/^(Harveyf Sutherland -,In . "Ains
"Ue's/'j" a " » '¦': ¦ > I.
- ¦ ¦ .. » ¦. ' • ¦-• ¦ '
SOME CURIOUS STORIES ABOUT EN=
TERPRISING SPIDERS
5T IS a curious Tact that these floating
threads from tho webs of spiders will
lake the blulnjr oft* a gun barrel.-, I
have been unable to find out why. The
thuds of the big troplcai spiders are dis
tinctly bitter to the taste, but though the
first thought a man has when he tastes
anything bitter Is that it must be good for
medicine, the only use the healing art
makes of solders' webs is to use thv.nv to_
stanch the flow of blood. . The klinlof"
web used for that grows under the coun
ters of'grocerles andlt was one of these
spiders that caught a mouse. I will ad
mit, light in the beginning, that this looks
like a pretty large story, but it is sub
stantiated'by no less a personage than,
tho late Proctor Knott, who was then
Governor of Kentucky, though' his greater
claim to fame was his speech in '. Con
gress about- Duluth, 'the zenith city' of
the unsalted seas,' as I he humorously
called it, which is very far indeed from
being anything nowadays but a plain
statement of fact, as he lived to ! see.
Governor Knott made' a signed statement
of the event and sent it to Professor Mc-
Cook, whose authority on the spider ques
tion . noLodv '¦will dispute. He saw the
spider shortly after 1 she had, snared the
mouse by the end of its tall, and while
it wasi still alive and struggling hal*-way
oint the ground, and he saw it after It
had been hoisted nine inches from the
floor and all wrapped up in silk, ftc calls
particular, attention to the way the spider
kept : Btirrlng up the mouse by bitiny L it
so us to get < another- line' on It: \ I can
Just Imagine that spider, after ; she had
worked all day;, hauling lines and
halloaing/ JYohee !', to" her ' children that
were helping; her— If, indeed^ they didn't
stand around and let her do all .the work.
'Law.'Vshe gasped, when the "prize was
finally. landed in the nest, .'I'm just, done
out! But, my! l*Twas worth it! s Phew!
Why/ come - In, Mrs. ¦Lhiyphia.' '; Hain't
seen you I don't ] know when. . Children,
get: up and let Mrs. Llnyphia set down. 1
Ain't you got no manners at all? Run.
along; now';' and don't be gawking at the
company like you - never - seen nobody . be
fore: .Yes, I done it all' myself, and it
just about tuckered me: 'Mrs. Llnyphia.'
I don't kriow's I'll ever ,get over It. I
strained my back turrible lifting so hard;
but; I. thinks, to myself, "I'll mebby never
git another chance to; git so much. meat
uie ola men eat about watching in delight.
Bfg Buffalo, a chief who was once a war
rior, then jumped into' the center of the
ring and called to them in a loud voice:
, "It pleases me in my heart to see you
all here ready; The sun Is high, and we
must take "new courage. . We are about to
tall upon the Great Spirit to choose us a
new 'leader; ; Young men of my bosom, do
not be deceived, for you will not have a
traitor to rule you again. The crow has
spoken to me In my dreams, and he says
we will be happy after this. It pleases me
In my heart to see you so full of joy. You
must learn the dance good in your heart.
I am done. 'My name is Big Buffalo."
Then' the drum sent forth wild strains,
and the young men leaped and shouted
- -..-•¦¦¦ ¦¦ y ¦¦' '
the wa. : song again. - The bells on their
limbs jingled, but in the din were scarcely
heard. Their painted faces were wreathed
in fiendish smiles. -The sun, 'even though
in winter, was warm enough to \melt the
paint on their faces, and it trickled down
their faces in little furrows. \ The sun
was hiding behind the cliff when they quit
the dance.
Then the women went forth and killed
the fat dogs for the evening meal. It is
the duty of the women to do most of the
work about the camp, and as dog meat Is
one of their favorite dishes they were put
to work slaying the canines.. The feast
was held in the open, and lasted until
they had eaten their fill. That
several hours, so there was no dance' on
the second night.
The three leading chiefs, Humming
Bird, Rain Water and Big Buffalo, had
during the feast disappeared into the
bark medicine lodge for the purpose of
talking with the Great Spirit during the
night. 'Their actions caused much sup
pressed "excitement among the redskins.
In the hands of these three men rested
the decision as to who should be chosen
for the next chief. V
Announcing the Choice. '
•\ The young- men rode about on their
ponies ¦ until quite • late. They were all
dressed in gay colors and sang love songs
to the pretty,, young girls who accom
panied their : parents. But the old men
of, the tribe were restless. They lay out
side of their tepees and chanted . to the
Great Prophet' to; make 'the decision' of
the medicine men a wise one. -It was a
peculiar, circumstance! Here were love
making and devotion, but both of a very
different nature. AH night this was kept
up and! few In camp slept. , *
• Before . daybreak -^the : hum of voices
awakened .those present .' as spectators.'
Three hundred men and .women • had as
i "i i ii T« i im iiiiflnlfai—iiyiinnr»i«n»ir niiiiai iminiini ill
at the foot of the dancing grounds. Be
fore the sun was well up other Indians
began to arrive. All were dressed In
gaudy colors, with their faces, arms and
breaists decorated In red and black paint.
The Indians who came brought their tents
with them. The ground where they were
camped was worn smooth by being tram
pled upon.
Pull Many Korse3 went about crying
that the young" men would hold a dance
shortly. He was "entirely naked, except
for the breechcloth. His 'slender body was
painted in red and white. Just below his
knees he. wore a> string of sleigh bells,
whfth Jingled merrily as he rode through
the town.. His long, black hair was held
in place by a war bonnet made .'from
beaver skin and decorated with "turkey
feathers. Around his long sinewy, arms he
wore brass bands, and his neck bore. a
string of beads. 'Other young men as
p'sted him, and there. mu3t have been at
least 100 who were dressed about in the
came manner.
The yotmg men gathered in a circle and
commenced to dance. Each carried a tom
ahawk and. went through motions sup
posed to depict their actions in battle.
Then the drum was started and they
danced and sang songs for an hour, .while
truly happy, wnen.In the midst ot just
such wild orgies as here described, are
these same Indians, whom the United
States should take in hand and tame. *
Thirty years ago the Qsages were the
most powerful tribe in- The West, but
smallpox cut down their tnumber two
thirds. Then they moved on a reserva
tion south of Kansas and have remained
there in comparative seclusion for twenty
years. In this time they have retro
graded. They have fallen into many sav
age traits, such as eating dog meat, burn
ing their dead at the stake and going
about naked. . '
Big Heart, the newly elected medicine
chief,' made these declarations as part of
his policy as chieftain:
"I will have nothing to do with the
white men. They are our worst enemies.
I will run them out if they come here
and try to change our ways of "living. We
are going back to our old habits of life.
If the white people do not like this they
can get out. In the summer time we will
not wear any clothes, and we will have
all of our medicine dances."
The tribal government of. the Osages
was organized thirty years ago by Clare
more, a wise o!d warrior. There were a
chief, assistant chief, cecretary, treasurer
and thirty councilmen. The chief was
elected by the council for a term of four
years. He appointed his assistant! and
also the two cabinet officers. The coun
cilmen bad the power to pass any kind
of a bill they chose, but the. chief could
kill the bill. The United States is per
mitted to station an agent In the midst
of this kingdom, but he" has no power
over the Indians. He pays them their in
terest every three months and keeps them
frcm offending white people—If he can.
The land of the nation is rich in min
erals and the mountains abound In coal.
Along the rivers the farming land is rich.
Tbo forests abound in game, but the In
dians are too lazy to kill any of it. Neith
er do they want the white man to come
and enjoy the sport. .
Big Heart, a coroulent full-blood, has
been chief of the tribe for a great many
years. Until four years ago he was de
clared by the medicine men to be in bad
standing with the Great Prophet, so he
was defeated. Instead the tribe chose .a
young man named Eagle Chief, .who fa
vored allotment of land and dissolution
of tribal government. The full-blood3
were In favor of burning him at the stake
for, his stand on public affairs, At_ the
present ceremony his name was not con
sidered for re-electlonT ." ,"*>.
On the morning following the opening'
of the ceremonies the redskins were out
of 'their*' tepees early. As soon as the
dancers had got well awake . they went
and plunged in a stream which flowed
sembled on the smooth circle. They had
not - slept • at all. A number of men sat
about the edge of the tircle and held long
poles to which were strung pieces of
cloth. In the .center was piled a large
amount of clothes, fine blankets, saddles,
cloth and cheap Jewelry. This was their
offering to the Great Spirit. When the
pile had reached enormous proportions
arid each Indian had contributed, it was
set afire. While it was burning the In
dians wailed and moaned most plteously.
<They kept this up until the pile of costly
offerings was a mass of ashes; then
they arose and ate.
About noon the medicine men nme
from their bark lodges, weak from fast
ing and sweating. They called the In
dians together and told them they had
chosen Big Heart • for their next chief
and Rolling Pony for his assistant. When
the announcement was made not a cheer
fell from the lips of the 600 assembled
redskins. It was nor. their way. Instead,
they made preparations for the dance.
While the warriors- and medicine men
were painting theinselves for this dancs
the women gathered up the banners of
the sacrifice dance and went in for a
little dance alone. Finally the chief med
icine man commanded them to stop that
the principal dance of the series could
commence. This was the last act in the
selection of a new chief.
Big Heart, accompanied by ; Big Buf
falo, entered the center of the dancing
circle. Quickly the other dancers closed
in about them. The dancers were thinly
clad and were painted - in many colors.
Each carried a whistle, upon which he
blew constantly. They Joined bands and
circled to the right, singing:
"Our Father, make our new chief,
"Oh, make him a wise man
"Let us live happy'
"And have many feasts.".
A few days ago the tribal election -was
held and the whole tribal vote was legally
cast for Big Heart.
Such is the crude manner In which a
chief of the Osages is chosen. While few
know of it, it is generally believed that
they abide by the nominations made, but,
as In many political conventions, every
thing has been cut and dried long before
hand. ' •
*yTY S THE biff red moon rose over the
f | tree tops the beating of the drum
I I grew louder and the chanting more
I fierce. Soon a ?mk of cowpuncn
ere from the I X L, ranch rode up.
The hunters visiting the Osage
Xatioa, in Oklahoma, for their first hunt,
were invited by the cowpunchers to go
along and •witness the event. So it was
teat two sleepy hunters rolled out from
between warm blankets and attended the
opening number of a series of events
which comprised the election of chief of
the Osa.se Indians, the richest uncivilized
people on earth.
Thickly studding the sky, the stars
glimmered over the domain of the savage.
Around high cliffs, between deep chasms,
down steep trails and across swift flowing
streams, into the valley rode the party of
white men. The stream drowned other
sounds, but above the sighing of the wind
came the wild chanting of the medicine
men.
While yet far away the flickering light
from th« medicine lodges could be dis
cerned. Approaching downward on a
steep trail, an excellent view of the camp
was obtained. There were at least one
hundred tepees stretched In a circle a
quarter of a mile in diameter. The open-
Ing of every one faced the center and in
front of most of them sat a group of In
dia-i woman and men.
In the center was a large fire. Around
this sat a number of Indians, dressed in
gay colors. They were the medicine men
of the tribe. They were all the while go
ing through a lot of queer motions, as if
insane. Some would climb up a huge pole
near the flames and scan the assembly as
if looking for a lost friend. Others would
rush at the fire and pull out a burning
stick. This they would hold in front of
one of their number as long as the flames
lasted. If the flames burned straight
the man was yet in the good graces of the
Great Spirit, but if it flickered to one side
then he was at once commanded to leave
the medicine lodge. All the while they
kept up the medicine chanting to the ac
companying beats of the drum.
: • The Dance Begins.
In a short time a tall young redskin,
named Rain Water, ran from the midst of
the medicine men and circled about in
front Of the tepees where the reds were
waiting. He cried out that the dance
•would now begin. Immediately there
was a rush for the nearest posts about
the fire. No ceremony attended the com
mencement of the dance. Five hundred
women and braves Joined hands and
whirled around In a circle, yelling:
"We are dancing, ah ya!
"We will dance, ah ya!
"Until the new chief appears."
This dance was kept up until nearly
daylight with no special feature. It was
the opening of the campaign, as It -were,
when the candidates solicited votes. There
were many in the assembly of dancers
who had designs on the chieftaincy, but
none would dare to mention it for fear
of offending the Great Spirit.
These Indians, who have departed so
far .from the paths of civilization that it
is almost, impossible to reform them, al
though steps have lately been taken to
make them citizens of the United States,
are the 'Richest class of barbarians on
earth. Dvery man, woman or child ol
the tribe could draw from the United^
States Treasury the sum of $20,000, and .
they could take their pro rata share of
tribal land, amounting to flve hundred
acres, and then have something left. The
Interest on their, invested .funds amounts
to about £3 per capita monthly. This,
with the rental money. 'from their land,
is sufficient to ; keep them in idleness.
The wildest class of people in the South
v."e£l, clo^e observers of all the ancient
customs of their forefathers * and only
¦B9BBBHHHHHBA
THE SUNDAY CALL.
CHOOSING
A
CHIEF
AMONG THE
RICHEST BARBARIAN'S
ON EARTHHEALTH HINTS FOR BICYCLERS
*-ffr . PROMINENT French medical
I \ journal, the Gazette Medicale oe
Jl . X> Strasbourg, has some suggestions
-' to offer on the hygiene of the
bicycler, which are worth repeating here.
The heart should be carefully watched, Jt
says, not because this exercise is more
harmful in this respect than others, but
because It can be indulged in much longer
without giving a sense of fatigue. Vicious
attitudes, such as a crooked posture, al
though not being so important as is gen
erally supposed, nevertheless, ought to be
avoided. In a long Journey the position in
svhich the body I* moderately inclined la
best for the organs of respiration and cir
culation. Moderation in eating is a neces
sity in muscular work, as is also absten
tion from- alcohol. The bicycle should
vary in details for the man, the woman,
the child, the racer and the Invalid. - As
to the. woman, this exercise is easier for
her than 'for the man, since she is more
supple. It causes . far less fatigue than
walking.' Its effects on the pelvic organ*
are good. The child does not feel so much
fatigue as the adult, but It should use
bicycle with the greatest moderation.
As a rule the courier understands his
limitations well. He should, like all ath-
let ps, possess perfect organs. As to tha
invalid, many, ailments are Improved or
even cured by the use of the bicycle^ e.g..
gastro-lntestlnal troubles, deformities of
the vertebral column, etc. — Leslie's Week
iy. - .. " ¦"":' •/ ; • '•/¦
Thirty-nlne Indian boys and girls hara
just received their graduating degrees ¦ at
the Indian schools in Carlisle, Pa. Sixteen
of them are girls, and In the entire class
of graduates nearly every one of the prin
cipal tribes is represented. All of the boya
have ' learned trades and • the 'girls \ have
served apprenticeships ¦ In the : sewing de
partment, laundry and kitchen;
¦ ¦ • • ¦
CURSE OF THE COCAINE HABIT
r? N a Jecture before the New York
School of Clinical Medicine, Dr. Thom-
Jl as D. Crothers of Hartford, Conn.,
characterised cocainism as one of the
three great scourges of the world, alco
holism and morphinism being the other
two.
Custom-house reports, the lecturer said,
show an enormous increase recently in the
importation of this drug, and not more
than the one-sixtieth f>art of what Is now
cold is used for legitimate purposes. The
vice of cocainism is spreading alarmingly
among the poor as well as the rich, as the
drug is becoming cheaper all the time. A
one-ounce package, which less than five
years ago cost $6, can now be purchased
for 75 cents.
One result of this cheapening is that the
cocaine habit is becoming common among
tramps and paupers as well as business
and professional men. It is no lonper an
aristocratic vice, if it ever was. In New
Orleans and other jiarts of the South and
West the drug is freely bought in 5-cent
packages.
Dr. Crothers regards the use of the
drug, even as a local anesthetic for sur
gical purposes. as» exceedingly dangerous,
especially in c-ises where the subsequent
reaction is characterized by headache,
lassitude and depression! Yet its use in
Furgery is becoming very common. The
lecturer also deprecated the fact that
many popular proprietary remedies con
tain cocaine in large quantities.
It is almost a specific for catarrhal trou
bles, and though using it as,a remedial
agent unconsciously many persons,
charmed with its speedy and delightful
results, become addicted to it habitually,
and finally become slaves to Its use.
Its first effects in small doses are to
create a feeling of elation, of greatly in
creased mental and physical superiority,
and of freedom from care and anxiety.
The morphinist finds in it a substitute to
relieve the pence of depression following
the use of that narcotic. The hard drinker
is charmed with its effects, as his depres-
sion yields to a sense of elation and ab
normal exaltation. . .
But in the u&e of cocaine there follows
a sure reaction. In a short time there
are developed characteristic symptoms of
the habitual cocainist. If he be a lawyer,
a writer or a clergyman he shows marvel
ous fluency and prolixity of speech. He
has a rare fecundity of words, but they
betray a tendency toward circumlocution
and irrelevancy. In letter writing he be-
He Was P!nchTnS
the Wrong
CORD SALISBURY is one of tne
most genial of men when seated
with his friends at a well laden din
ner table. One evening while so
situated he had been keeping the whole
company alive by his conversation when
suddenly he stopped short in what he was
saying and his face was seen to become
grave and anxious. After a pause of some
minutes, during which his Lordship sat
speechless and motionless, his neighbor
asked him what was the matter. .
"It has come," he muttered in a voice
of despair. ,' ,
"What has come?" was the bewildered
reply. >^>
"It has come at last. The doctor said it
must. I have been expecting it for these
last ten years, and now It has* come.". * M,'.
"But what has come?" asked the ques
tioner, ¦ thoroughly frightened.' "Are you
111?"
"I am seized with a paralytic stroke. I
have pinched liny leg again and again. and
I can feel nothing."
"Oh, you can . set your mind at rest on
that point," was the reply. "It is- my leg
that you have been pinching."
trays his secret vice by his diffuseness
without directness.
"There .are .novels, which are highly
popular to-day," said the lecturer, "which
shew almost conclusive evidence of hav
ing been written under the influence; of co
caine, and several poems characterized by
marvelous rhythm and smoothness, have
had their inspiration in this drug.
"Habitual use of it impairs the judg
ment and results in the grandiose ideas
often associated with paretic diseases.
One's sense of right and wrong becomes
impaired. A man formerly, open and
frank becomes secretive, selfish and. dis
honest. A Wall street authority told me
that he knew of three of the most reckless
operators of recent years whose losses of
fortunes are directly due to impairment
of their judgment through the use of co
caine.
"After the abnormal sense of elation
and power, come delusions. The victim
fears sudden attack. He sits up at night
watching for burglars. He is fearful of
accident and abnormally suspicious of im
aginary persecutors. Most victims in this
ntase carry revolvers.
"One of them once came to me in this
condition. He was a physician, who had
lost his wife and familv in , the Johns
town flood, and had taken to cocaine to
soothe him in his great affliction. He had
two revolvers when he told me of-tho
secret. . He was rational enough in most
matters, but thought ne had hidden ene
mies. I finally persuaded him to surrend
er his^,- firearms, and the first nighty ho
compromised on a stout baseball bat un
der his pillow. He finally conquered the
appetite, but it required years of hard
struggling."
¦ Dr. Crothers narrated many similar in
stances, especially among brain workers.
He recommended as the best curative
method complete abstinence from .the
drug, combined with Turkish and electrio
baths, mineral., waters and tonics, judi
cious restraint, careful and abstemious
diet and a long rest, i He knows of no spe
cific for the cure of the habit.
FRATERNITIES are springing up
like wild dandelions in a meadow.
Scarcely a year passes but that
Stanford and California add a
new house to their already long
list. But it Isn't only the universities
that can boast of a strong and popular
WHAT is the smallest republic in
the world? Andorra, one reader
may say; San Marina, another.
. ¦ -Both would. 'be wrong. These
are, Indeed, the smallest, republics men
tioned in current encyclopedias and gaz-^
etteers.
Strangely enough both Goust, In the
Lower Pyrenees, and Tavolara, an island
a few miles northeast of Sardinia, have
been overlooked by our geographical au
thorities. Both are republics. Goust is
the smaller in area, occupying barely one
mile of territory, while Tavolara is about
five miles long by five-eighths of a mile
wide. But Goust has about 150 inhabi
tants. Tavolara has barely fifty.
For over\two centuries and a half Goust
He was likewise Paul the last, for on
his death, in 1SS2, he requested that his
title should be buried with him and that
the kingdom be turned Into a republic. A
constitution was accordingly drawn up,
and under its terms a president, with a
council of six, is elected every six years,
all adults, male or female, casting a bal
lot. No salary Is paid either to the presi
dent or the members of his counciL
TWO BABY REPUBLICS
has elected a president every seven years,
and Its Independence has been recognized
by both France and Spain. Tavolara did
not become a republic until recently. In
1830 the absolute dominion of the island
was conceded by Charles Albert. King of
Sardinia, to the Bartoleonl family, whose
head became King Paul 1.
being the most popular room in the house,
the dining-room excepted. A small den
opens, from this room, but it is not meant
to accommodate more than two at a time;
in fact, more would make it extremely
uncomfortable and crowded.
The dining-room is a large room,' but
very simply furnished. The large table is
pulled out and there are chairs and chairs.
Too many to count at a glance, but the
thought pops up, "the more the msrrier."
The rooms are situated in such a'fash
ion that the furniture can be moved back,
the rugs taken up and there is plenty of
room for twenty, or thirty couples to
dance easily and without walking all over
everybody else.
The upstairs is furnished in different
ways. Each andvevery room reveals to, a
certain extent the character of its occu
pant. However, there is one place where
all the college boys and girls stand and
agree perfectly, and that is on the tish
not.' Nets are on the walls, ceilings,
.draped and even used for portieres. Many
. of them are "ised for shelves, others for
racks and some for necktie holders. Any
i old thing that can't find a home'anywhere
else se«ms to stray to the net and not in
vaJiH — \ \
''Couches are more universally used than
beds, as they give the room more the air*
of a sitting-room. ' Books are scattered
here and there and there are all sorts of
souvenirs and college pictures. But there
is one article that is never missing, either
in the boys' or girls' apartment, and that
"frat," or Berkeley and Palo Alto. There,
are : Quite a number of places that are
duly proud of their High School societies,
and Sacramento is one of them. She cer
tainly has a right to be and everybody
would think her very strange if she was
n't. But the sororities in college are
more numerous and they are blooming
and blossoming in such an alarming
fashion that the boys would better keep
a sharp lookout or else they will be
eclipsed.
Life in a fraternity house is one round
of pleasure with now and then a little
hard work put in for variety's sake.
Every time there is a' dance,, an im
promptu dinner or any of the thousand
little things that constantly' crop : up,
everybody goes, regardless of studies.
• Six nights in the week with now and
then a peek at a book to enable the in
dustrious students to' know what the
"profs" are talking about. Then comes
the grand cramming time, when the wee
small hours are spent in deep and earn
est meditation, then the "exs," a grand
hurrah' and the well,-earned vacatfon.
But people are only youifg.once in a life
time, so what's the odds? They agree
with the wise old fellow who said, "Live
for to-day, for to-morrow we die."
The oldest sororities at both universities
own their own homes, and the newei
ones are quite satisfied to rent a prett>
house and furnish it as only college boy:
and girls can.
The houses at Stanford are. as a rule
larger and more elaborate, but the boy
generously say "it Is because ... there Is
more home spirit here, as we- are com
pelled to live right here for. four years."
in Berkeley it is different, as over, half
the members live about the bay and drop
in every day for luncheon.
Everybody will admit that there Is more
truth than poetry in their statement, but
wherever there is a fraternity, the true
fraternity spirit is certain to be .there,
whether there is a, house or not.
One of the prettiest sorority houses In
Berkeley . is <owned by the Kappa Kappa
Gammas. The building is shingled and is
built in the fashion so much affected in*
California. The "frat" houses are all
planned with the idea of entertaining and
with as little trouble as* possible. There
are no car;iets, but the floors are hard
wood and are ' profusely covered with
rugs. '.
The Kappas have a square hall, which is
divided from the front parlor only by a
fancy grill of redwood. Window seats are
everywhere, and there are pillows of
every color, % s-ive red. From their looks
one knows that they were intended for
use and not entirely ornament.
There is a little something about their ¦
house that is seldom found in the boys'
houses. Pretty taborets with potted
palms, vases of flowers and dainty pieces
of statuary stand about in the center of
the rooms that would be simply impossible
a houseful of boys. " \ 'J^
' The back parlor is used as a 'sitting)-
I room. The bookcase is here and &o is
\the piano, so that easily accounts for its
Is the ever ready suit case, the friend of
the collegian.
"What's twins, mamma?" asked four
year-old Bessie.
"I know," exclaimed her small brother
before the mother could answer. "Twin*
is two kids just the same age. three'*
triplets, four's quadrupeds and five's cen
tipedes."—New York "Weekly.
THE SUNDAY CALI*
10
SOME OF SACRAMENTO'S "ALPHA SIGMA" GIRLS
THE BEST KNOWN SCHOOL FRATERNITY IN THE UNITED STATESTHE WEALTHIEST INDIANS IN
THE UNITED STATES.
<j7T? T THE office of Commissioner of
/L\ Indian Affairs a few days ago con
ii were let to cattlemen for the
renting of the pasture lands of
the Osage Indians, in Oklahoma. These
Indians have &0J.O0O acres of pasture" lands,
of which 000,03) acres were rented. This
will add to the annual income of the tribe
about 5120.030. "And already," said Cup
tain A. C. Tonr.cr, assistant commissioner
of Indian Allans, recently, "the Osage In
dians are the richest people in the world. '
Several years ago the lands of the
Osages in Kansas were sold, the sale re
alizing 58,000,000. This meney was placed
in the Treasury of the United States, and
from it the Osage Indians derive an an
nual income of $400,000. In addition to this
they own 1,570,185 acres of land, which is
fairly worth Jo an acre. .making the value
of their land holdings $7,853,875. There are
1372 Indians in the tribe, counting men,
women and children. They all share alike
in the tribal wealth, and when, a child i3
born it becomes a joint property owner
with ail the other Indians in the tribe.
The profits from the $8,000,000 held in the
Treasury, the recent rental of pasture
lands, and other sources of revenue, give
the Osages an annual income of approx
imately $600,000, a. per capita income of
$304 25 for each man, woman and child.
When a family consists of man and wife
and eight children, as often happens, the
family receives each year in cash $3040,
and on their lands they raise all their
foodstuffs and considerable grain for the
market.
The realty holdings of the tribe have a
per capita valuation ; of $3987, or, for a
family of ten, $39,870. There is no other
race of people In the world, it Is declared,
that can make such a showing.
The Osage Indians have not failed to
r-rotit by this wealth. The sons and
daughters of families are sent East to
colleges and boarding schools to be edu
cated, many of them receiving profession
al training. There are a few families, of
course, which still live with almost the
simplicity that marked the lives of their
savage ancestors, but the desire for edu
cation and culture is rapidly sprctidlng,
and when the Osages become citizens a
few years ; hence they will be fully
equipped for the duties and responsibili
ties of citizens-nip.
The homes of some of the most pro
gressive Osages compare favorably with
the dwellings of white people of equal
wealth. Their houses are richly furnished
with carpets and modern furniture; and in
many homes there are. pianos upon which
the boarding-school training of the daugh
ters has taught them to perform. Horses
and carriages are not infrequent, and
though the automobile has not yet made
its appearance, it: is not an impossibility,
of the future. - f'.-
The enviable condition of the Osages
has led to a considerable influx of white
settlers on the reservations, 'many white
men seeking alliances with the daughters
of Osage families. The tribal government,
however, has found a way. if not -to stop,
at least to profit by. this white emigration.
From every white person on the reserva
tion a monthly poll 'tax, of: $1' is collected.
The imposition of this tax has driven from
the reservation many 'suitors .for the
hands of Osage maidens and has given
those who remain an ardor and eagerness
for matrimony which might not follow
were long courtships not thus rendered
expensive luxuries.— Washington Post.
The fact Is, as you may remember, that
Mrs. Crabtree kept a boarding house up
there aiM did as well In it as she has In
every business transaction since. ' She
has been Lotta's press agent and business
manager these long years, and she Is
said to be responsible for the $3,000,000
that lies stowed snugly away in neat in
vestments, such as a theater in Boston,
several apartment houses in New York,
and real estate here, there and every
where. Lotta herself says that she
wouldn't be worth a few thousands to-day,
if it were not for her mother.
"I'll tell you who it* was that taught mo'
to sing and dance. It was an Italian who
had come out here In the rush with :>11
kinds of air castles, packed up in his car
pet bag. They toppled over as soon as he
set them uj> here and he fell back upon
his music for a living. He was full of it,
like all of his race, and he had the knack
of teaching. He got up an orchestra ami
led it and when he found that I had some
talent in thut line he offered to Klve me
lessons. It didn't take me long to learn
enough to amuse my good-natured audi
ences and I euess Lotta was something
of a success from the first. At anv rate,
one thing I am proud of is that I was al
ways a star. Even when I was a tiny
younoster I was the leading lady of the
"Up at Laoorte, on Rabbit Creek, was
where I saw mining, life, the Teal thing.
There the gold fever raged hot and 1 was
in the midst cf it. Of course life was
rough; but I want to tell you asain that
the miners were good fellows, and there
never was anything that they wouldn't
do for me either in my professional ca-
"Petaluma was where I made rav debut
when I was 6 years old. You see my fath
er had crossed the plains when I was a
very little girl. I was born in New York,
where, my father had a bookstore, but
business was dull with him, and when tne
California gold fever was on -he got it
with the rest of unprosperous or restless
men. He was one of those whom results
stamped as brave instead of foolhardy.
He made money. \
"I was only a 2-year-old tot when\he
came, so I cannot give! you any reminis
cences of the trip across the Dlains. What
I first remember clearly was the life of
the miner and his family, for that was the
life that I came to know and to be part
of. -.-....
"They were not rough. You are always
hearing of them as If they were rowdies.
Nothing of the kind. Of course the hard
ships and necessities of their life rubbed
off .the polish, but 1 remember them us
men of. good families, men who had baen
reared gentlemen. They had been. used to
the good things of life before they left
the East, and they knew them. That ia
why I place all the more value on their
liking for my work. They had seen thea
ters arid. good ones, and they were not to
be pleased by any kind of performance.
"It was the greatest fun to play for
those miners," she said. "I've had a lot
of audiences, but never any so appreci
ative. Talk about floral tributes! Those
are for civilization. The miners in "those
days were not satisfied with anything
less than gold nuggets.
pect to near a tight, Shallow-voiced chat
ter when you took your fingers out. Shut
your eyes and listen and you would
imagine a large, motherly woman, who
might take a whole orphan asylum into
her heart and still have room to let.
stock company there— always a star."
She reiterates this very positively, in a
way that impresses you that it is to be
remembered. .
"For a long time I knew more about
the one-night stand In tiny mining towns
than I did about the swell engagement
in big cities. That came later on, but all
my training was barnstorming. We used
to put up in little camps, where we gave
performances In a tent or a cabin. Even
after I gave up being a variety performer
and took to real plays I saw plenty of
this soft of travel.
f 'I remember one performance of 'The
'Little Detective' that was given in a little
bit of a place that contained one theater,
which was more like a barn than what
it pretended to be. If you recollect any
thing about the play you know that I,
as the detectfve, am hunting down a
murderer. The poor heroine has been
'done to death and it is my business to
do the villain in the same manner. In a
thrilling climax the dead body of the
lady in question floats across a. watery
canva3 background, which is supposed to
satisfy the audience as to what has be
come of her. The trick of the thing is
that she lies v«ry comfortably on a sofa
and is rolled across by a man who pulls
a rope.
"On this awful night it was discovered
PROBABLY no country on earth is
more Interesting to the traveler on
the lookout for oueer things and
unusual experiences than the Sllvas
of the Amazon, and here is a story about
an Indian tribe of that region told by
Arthur Axtell, an American traveler, that
can hardly be beaten:
These particular Indians were contin
ually bent on discovery and experiment
ing, says Mr. Axtell. Somehow they had
come into jjossetslon of some silkworms.
These worms were not known before in
that country, and most of them died be
fore the natives found out how to raise
them. But they persevered, and, by feed
ing them on the tender leaves of 3ome
native plant3, produced a good quality
of silk, not so good as the Chinese prod
uct by feeding the worms on white mul
berry leaves, but nevertheless a strong,
serviceable silk, certainly good enough for
the dusky bodies of these savages, for
this silk has not yet become an article of
commerce.
Their method of obtaining the silk and
transforming it into garments was crude.
When the moths laid the eggs the na
tives carried them in great quantities in
belts about their bodies, thus giving the
eggs the body heat. At the end of win-'
ter the eggs were hatched and the re
sult was an army of caterpillars. These
were trained to crawl over the naked
bodies of the' natives. This was their
home. They knew no other, and -seemed
quite contented.
During eight weeks the savage is cov
ered with these yellow crawlers. It
would seem that thousands of creeping
caterpillars over one's body from head to
foot would tickle one to death. Certainly,
a white man would find it unbearable, but
it must be remembered these natives of
Brazil are scarcely human. To them it
is intensely interesting, to train these
worms in the way they should go. Small
bits of leaves are stuck on the bodies of
the natives in regular rows, and round
and round the worms go, feeding on the
SILKWORMS WORKING ON
LIVING FASHION PLATES.
way. The natives help each other In tha
placing of the bits of leaves and in con
fining the worms to certain localities on
the body.
These caterpillar-covered "niggers," as
Dr. F. A. Marsh, who was of our party,
called them, sleep on their backs at night
and are careful not to turn over In their
sleep. That would be a sad calamity.
When we came to their village thera
were I ten Indians, men and women* In
the act of raising silk caterpillars by this
unique process. They were a sight to .
chill the blood. I know the blood stopped
flowing in my veins. I stood still and
shuddered. Yet there was a fascination
about it, for I had been told what tiS ob
ject of it was and I admired the savaga
ingenuity.
After the worms have become dizzy
with playing the "merry-go-round" on
the bodies of the savages they quit eat
ing and commence spinning the outer cov
ering for the cocoons. When this labor 13
done the natural process of silk-making is
interfered with. The savages had found
out that when the cocoons were finished
they would burst, or the worms would
eat their way out. In either case the silk
was destroyed. So the worms are pre
vented from making the cocoons. Instead,
the fiber for the outer covering is de
stroyed and the poor caterpillars stop in,
perplexity. But they doubtless conclude
the savages are right, and the worms are
in debt to them for eight weeks of feed
ing, so they start soon to the spinning of
the silk.
The natives are now in ecstacy. They
make the worms hustle around them as
they have been taught during all their lit
tle lives, and spinning as they go the fine
filaments of shining silk. Round and round
crawl the worms, each one spinning one
to four thousand yards of silk thread
around the swarthy, savage neck, around
each naked arm, around the chest and ab
domen and the lower limbs. The work of
the worm is over.
And the result is a remarkable trans
formation! From a nude savage figure,
loathsome and repulsive, with thousands
of yellow worms crawling, twisting, writh
ing, squirming, to a conquering, proud na
tive of Brazil, clothed In a perfectly fitting
garment of rich silk. He has toiled not.
neither has he splnned— he has only
bossed the job— yet is he clothed in rai
'rnent as beautiful as the lilies of the field.
What a feeling of supremacy he must
have. He has Interfered successfully with
a divine plan. He has turned aside the
course of nature and stands erect, in his
own mini, at least, a man to be greatly
admired.
I was told the first efforts to produce
these garments of silk, were not success
ful. But by patience and perseverance
the faults were corrected, a close web
perfected, and the garment, when com
pleted, was pretty and faultless. It is a
great country for dye stuffs, and the silk
garments were given various brilliant
colors. One old girl was quite a sight.
She was extremely gaunt and bony. Her'
black body was attired in a blood red silk
garment, covering her body from the bust
to just above the knees. There were
dainty green shoulder straps, and around
her stringy neck was a wide ribbon of
bright blue. A savage chief gloried In a.
comfortable silk jacket. It was looser
than the others and could be opened in
front, having a row of little holes in either
side, in which little silk ribbons had been
placed to tie the two sides together. These
holes had been made in an ingenious way.
The noble chief bad a swelling like a
wart 'on his neck, caused by a drop of
poison from a certain weed. He noticed
the worms avoided this wart, and the
result was a hole in the garment. Now,
during all the rest of that summer and
winter, having nothing better to do, the
chief gave his great Intellect to the con
templation of the silkworms and the
royal garment they would make for him.
When the eggs were hatched the foUcv
ing year, and the Indian wa3 covered with
the yellow, hairy caterpillar, he caused
to crow a double row of warts down his
chest by means of the noison from the
weed, and also by the same means a long
welt from neck to waist In the exact cen
ter. When the caterpillars spun out the
silk they avoided the warts and turned
back at the welt. The result was a sar
ment, open In front, with neatlv worked
holes for the ribbons.
When our party left this interesting peo
ple they were busy with plans for further
utilizing the worms. It was ieclded in
the silkworm council that when they had
more worms than they themselves could
use they would put a few hundred upon
the 'heads and necks of some prisoners
taken in battle. The hands and feet would
be tied. The prisoner. would not be able
to move. Only day by day and week by
week the worms would crawl over his
face and neck and slowly, so that the
thought of it would almost drive him ln
sane, a silken hood would-be spun and a
lingering death by suffocation would en
sue. It was further decided that whea
one of their own number died, If he died
at the proper time, the worms should be
given the task of inclosing the corpse in
a silk cocoon, a white one for babies and,
a black one for the men and women.
I tun anticipating another trip to this
tribe, and am curious to see what further
impiovements they have made. I ar. pre
pared for surprises. It would be Interest-
Ing to .Americans if some of these silk
living fashion plates could be brought to
this country and exhibited. They are a
home-loving people, and it would be a
hard matter to set them to leave home,
but to. use a motto that these natives of
Brazil might appropriately adopt, "All
things are possible."
She had leaned forward a little, keep
ing a nervously busy pencil making non
sense lines as she talked. For a second
I thought I saw something like a crow's
foot in the corner of her snappy, reddish
brewn eye, then she leaned back quickly
She laughed her warm little laugh.
"Dear no," she cried. "I have left the
stage for good. Don't you believe me?*'
"Well, you know how often people of
your profession retire for good."
"But I have held to my resolve for eight
years."
"And does the old fascination never get
bold of you?"
"Sometimes. When it does I go to the
theater and have the pleasure of seeing
others act."
"Some San Franciscans are hoping that
you have returned to make another debut
in our midst."
She sank back a little farther Into the
delicious ness of the willow chair, but she
did not seem to feel lazy. • The morning
was crisp and she was crisper. Way back
in the chair there were more shador.is.
"Not at all. The reason that I am not
seeing people is my mother's illness. I
came here on that account, you know, and
I an, here In the best place in the world
to nurse her back to health. She is 81
years old."
"You are good to see me."
She was fitting where the light did not
strike her face and she kept the seat
very closely during our talk. It was not
until she went to the door with me that
I saw her face in strong light, and it was
«mly then that I could believe the ac
curacy of her frankly given dates.
When the guardian returned she was
still more charming, but, "Miss Cr&btree
has retired from public life now and the
brief interviews that she granted upon
her arrival she considers sufficient."
For the protection of both tiie guar
aian and the princess I am not, going to
tell to what argument they finally yielded.
The yielding took so long and was so re
luctant that when I faced Miss Crabtree
it was with trepidation. For I did not
know the philosophy of her. Having at
last consented to see me, she was not
going to do it with a bad grace. By no
means. She was as delightful about it
as if it were still worth her while
call the newspaper profession "dear" and
serve it tea. And advertising means no
more now to her overfull pocket than to
that of a Vanderbilt. •
I wasn't allowed even inside the door
then, and I waited on the veranda bench
feeling as guilty as if I had a sewing ma
chine or an installment biography for sale.
«nd wondering if the dog had a fighting
pedigree.
That was rather thin, for it would be
as hard for any one In that cottage to
escape unseen by other occupants as for
a canary from a cage. However, the
jruardian made a brave stand and was
very charming about it into the bar-
Sain.
Citizens, too, looked blank. Even those
¦whose day is one long rubber had missed
her. She slipped in as slyly as a mouse
into a pantry, and when the Postmaster
has once told you the way' to the cot
tage it is all your life is worth to get In.
She is guarded like a princess in a castle.
And this is the same Lotta whom pioneer
miners welcomed with showers of gold
nuggets, and for whom, later on, man
agers a country over clamored as the
onJy attraction that could nil a house in
Lent. She couldn't have sneaked unknown
into any town then, and she wouldn't
have tried to. Then the *nd the. public
sought each other. Now they have parted'
and she is merely a tourist in California,
seeking health for her mother.
At the door of the tiny brown cottage
I Vv'as looked upon dubiously.
"I don't know whether she is In," the
guardian cf the princess said.
Moreover, although he makes the foun
tain at Kearny and Market his head
quarters every time he comes to San
Francisco, he didn't know who Lotta was
or who Miss Crabtree was, or who Mips
Carlotta Crabtree was. That Is the pity
of it. He thought I might mean Lottie
Miller, or Lottie Ducker, who moved
away long ago, or perhaps I meant Mr.
Lotte. who has a farm somewhere.
By Jarah ComstoGk.
WHEN I tell -you that the very
"but driver of Belvedere didn't
know that Lotta was In town,
you can see that she has kept
herself very quiet. : .*-~"
concert hall troupe that toured • th« :
camps. .
. "I was called La Petite Lotta In those .
early days. I never got over being rather
petite, although; do you know, the fun
j niest thing— I *am growing , now. Since I
left the stage. Isn't that queer? Broader
and taller, both. I shouldn't wonder if I
might get to be a big lady one of these
:. days.;'-
She pulled herself up to a magnificent
height of what appeared to be at least
live feet one.
3 v "My first appearance was made in San
Francisco in 1S56. I sang and danced at
the second American Theater.' After
. ward I appeared ¦ at the old California,
the one that left such a famous record
of oast successes. No, I never was In the
and all I could see was a delicate pink
and white skin, the kind ihat goes with
auburn hair and eyes. :-;"'',
She is as red-haired as ever and as
crisp. She was dressed like the pert
American girl, in a smart little black suit,
with a boyish linen collar and gay blue
striped four-in-fcand. Slight and light
and quick in word and manner, it is per
fectly possible to Imagine her to-day, in
her fifties, scudding around a stage with
a stolen pink lampshade on her head as I
saw her scud in my little-girl days when
a Lotta matinee was- my reward of merit.
Sunday-school picnics couldn't move me,
but nsy piety was a thing of remark when
Lotta c» me to town. '
"Ycu want some anecdotes of my early,
days in San Francisco? Now that's like
propping somebody before a camera and
asking him to look pleasant. I can't re
member anything to order,"
Gradually she drifted back and talked
about early days, all the while in that
warm voice that never, seema to fit her.
Stop your eare and watch her sudden lit
tle squirrel like ways and you would ex-
A PERSONAL INTERVIEW WITH LOTTA
"My dear, I paint. That keeps me per
fectly happy. I don't know but I like It
a3 well as acting. I -wish I were a land
scape painter when I look out of that win
dow, but no— portraits."
"What on earth. do you do with your
self now that you have given up the con
stant occupation of the stage?" I asked
her. She is so busy every minute, even
while she Is sitting still; her hands move
and her tongue wags and her face plays.
You can no more think of her loafing
than you can of a healthy brown spar
row. ';':.. \ : '
"It wasn't until I was 16 that I made
my New York debut. Niblo's Garden
was the place. I was pretty proud, of
course, when I had a New "York success
for the first time."
"What did I do? Just what -the au
dience did— I laughed. Might as well
when you can't cover up a -thing. I like
to laugh, anyway. That's what keeps mo
young.
"And I realized that the shrieks came
from the corpse, who was being tugged
by a stage hand.
at the last minute that there was not a
foot of rope in the theater. Properties
and property men were not perfected
then. Shows were more impromptu. So
as I stood upon the stage imagine my
feelings when I heard the shrieks of:
'"How dare you grab my ankle? You
are pulling it! I'll tell my,husband!'
He and Mrs. Saunders, blessed old peo
ple of the old school, have both a joggla
in their voices now. But as for Lotta,
although she says she has declared off,
it looks dubious. For Lotta is still sassy.
I am likewise charged with those of
Barton Hill. "I played with her in what
she called 'The Firefly,' " he said the
other day, "and a curious fact to me la
that during the present fad for 'Under
Two Flags' no one has mentioned that
they are one and the same. In Lotta'3
version she took the part of Cigarette,
or The Firefly, as she called it; but It
was a similar dramatization of tho sama
novel. So the present fashionable play
In New York is really a revival, after
all."
Which I am doing via the press, a» I
don't know how welcome I might be
again.
Lotta will find very few of the old-thn«
professionals here to reminisce with her.
Mrs. Elizabeth Saunders Is living out on
Capp street "Dear, dear, is Lotta back?"
she said when I told her. "I was Sarah
Gamp to her Marchioness at the old Cali
fornia. I can't remember anything about
the performance except that she sat oa
a table and gnawed a bone. But I re
member her as herself and I remember
her mother and I deeply regret that she
ia ill. I wlah that you would convey my
regards to them if you see them, my
dear."
THE* SUNDAY CAL,Ii.
KING EDWARD'S MONSTER MELONS.
11
WHEN the photograph repro
duced herewith was taken,
the large . melons ¦ ¦ that are
seen hanging from the roof of .-the
Royal Conservatory belonged to her
Majesty Queen Victoria. Now, by
right of succession, they are the prop
erty of King Edward VH. They
were raised by Owen Thomas of the
Royal Gardens at Windsor from seeds
grown by Messrs. Sutton & Sons, the
well-known seedsman, by whose cour
tesy the photograph is reproduced
here. Messrs. Sutton & Sons have
" for years owned what axe probably
the most famous seed farms in Eng
land,, near Reading 1 , in Berkshire, in
the fertile valley of the River Thamss.
The melons are ¦ known as Sntton's
Windsor Castle. As' the picture
shows, they are grown undeT glass,
and each om is carefully suspended
and kept at a proper interval from its
neighbors, so that.it may attain its
full growth- Provision, is also
made for keeping the -temperature
even by hot water or steam pipes.people a slide had started. Panic stricken'
they. waited until the! noise had ; ceased
and the flying snow subsided, when every
inhabitant of the town able to wield pick
or shovel started for the scene of the dis
aster > with' the • paraphernalia of rescue.
They ¦ found that ; the . slide had providen-,
tlally. stopped just above the abandoned
crowned the valley with silver plumes In
numerable, making, the name of the little
camp. below seem most happily chosen..
At half-uast 8 o'clock the sun was.sud
denly blotted out and the town . enveloped
a cloud of : light snow as impervious to
vfslon as frosted glass. Then came the
rumbling, grinding roar which told the
sun ray on an anchoring strip of ice, any
insignificant thing that will affect the al
ready strained equilibrium, at any one of
a thousand points may start the slide
which will smother, break, grind and car
ry you with the other debris of the earth,
stone- and timber to your .burial in the
valle;* below.
A walk of that kind is an experience that
times, does not wither nor custom stale;
you balance and tiptoe into each foot
print, from knee to thigh deep.' as care
fully as if trying to walk on pieces of
Sevres. porcelain without breakage. The
report of a shot from a tunnel across the
gulch makes you swear or pray . under
your breath.
The town of Silver Plume is known to
almost every tourist who has visited the
State of Colorado. It Is hemmed in by
steep mountains at the upper end of the
famous Georgetown' loop on the Colorado
Southern Railway.
The winter of 1S38-99 was severe, and
a large amount of snow had fallen and
was oiled in j vast drifts on the steep
mountain sides above Silver Plume. The
unusual .amount of snow and consequent
danger of slides had alarmed 'the inhabi
tants to such an extent that the authori
ties had ordered the frame schoolhouse
located at the upper end of the town at
the mouth of Cherokee Gulch abandoned
until the danger was past.
On February 12, 1SS9. a strong wind-
Storm started and continued all night.
Sunday morning it somewhat abated, but
the wind was still whirling the light snow
about - the mountain tops in fantastic
forms and adding weight to the already
overburdened combs. of snow arid ice that
hung threateningly over the gulch. ' The
sky was clear, however, and the ,8un/
playing on the drifting ice crystals,
* On April 24, 1855o, two friends of the men
working at the mine left Leadville on
snowshoes to visit their friends and carry
in seme mail. On reaching their destlna-'
tion they found the whole mountain side
On the Bragle River extension of the
Denver and Rio Grande Railroad, sixteen
miles above Leadville, Homestake Peak
thrusts itself, like - an obelisk, several
thousand feet into the air. On Its side
just below timber line.. is the Homestake
mine; 'one of. the first heavy*- producers of
the district. Just above the mine is a
small lake, formed, by a bench of eroded
rock. In the shadow of a gigantic bowl
der, at -the bottom of this bench, three
cabins -.were located, used as ' storehouse
and. living- quarters by the eleven men
who,' provisioned for the winter, were
working the mine. ,y. ...
Eight days later another slide occurred
a couple of miles farther up. the canyon,
at Brown's Gulch, killing three miners'
and injuring live others.-
At almost the same instant another
slide started furtner up the. srulch. be
tween tne Pelican and Seven-Thirty
mines. It wrecked most of the mine build-
Ings and cabins, grinding the huge logs
of which they were constructed into shv
ers. . In these two slides ten persons lost
their lives, and $50,000 worth of ore ready
for shipment -was lost: ...
SupejtfnteEdent Robinson of the Pelican
mine was '¦ standing near the shafthouse
when the slide occurred. Breakfast : was
just over, and several of the miners were
standing about their cabins below. Mr..
Robinson was idly watching them when
he noticed a peculiar movement of j the
great mass of snow high oh the mountain
side. Before he could givo an alarm the
avalanche had reached the cabins, sweep
ing them 'with their, occupants to the bot
tom of the valley below.
schoolhouse. It had plowed a furrow two
miles long and 500 feet wide, and piled the
snow, rock and timber In a miniature
mountain at the" bottom of the gulch.
0<CE of the most common Questions
asked by tourists on the railroad
trains which labor through the
canyons and over the passes of tne
Great Divide is the cause of the
l>are streaks on the mountain sides, where
k spaces of varying width have been cleared
of timber, bowlders, everything which
protruded above the surrounding surface,
making a path as distinct and clean cut
cm the sides as if some Titan of the hills
had drawn a mammoth rake from peak
to base.
The explanation that it was caused by
a snowslide answers the question and
K-cms, no doubt, commonplace enough to
I the tourist. Those who leave the rails
and fare over the mountain roads an=l
trails during the summer months grow to
have a certain respect for the mighty
Icrce that can strip tbe side of a. moun
tain and pile up timber and stone in the
valley below sufficient to warm a city's
houses and to pave a city's streets % but
the man who really- appreciates the
strength and destructiveness of a snow
slide is he who from choice of circum-
sttnees remains in the mountains through
the cycle of the seasons — the man who
sees nature's wheels go round. She in I
her strenuous moods takes to the moun
tains tt>,work off her superfluous energy;
. phe reaches the extreme in everything;
her rains are cloudbursts; her heat makes
the seething air visible; her snows' and
winds blind and overwhelm.
From February to May is the snowslide
Beason, and snowslides occur on almost
every steep mountain side where the con
ditions are favorable. The - prospector.
' miner, mall carrier, any one who has to
follow the icy trails at. this season, car
ries his life in his hand,, and each winter
claims its quota of victims.
Picking one's way along a badly broken
trail on the aide of a ¦ mountain, with
thousands of tons. of snow, ice and rock
above, ready and liable at any moment
to come crashing down upon you in a.n- '
ewer to a sbar? puff of wind, a warm
The first structure found was the store
house in which ..provisions and general
stores were kept. . The side of the bunk
•house was next reached, and, after clear
ing a space large enough, a log was chop
ped from the wall and entrance gained.
In the bunk, near where they entered,
the body of one. man was found, crushed
by the logs, j Leaning 1 against the front
of it another was standing with arm up
raised, as if to ward off the danger. Threa
were cla?rsd in each other's arms In tha
bunk opposite. Another was found be
side his sleeping place in an attitude ot
prayer, and on the bed beside which ha
knelt- two men were lying with no sign of
having been disturbed from their slum
bers. The three others had been crushed
by .the. timbers.
: The date of the disaster was fixed by ¦ tha
amcunt of provisions consumed, Febru
ary 20 or 25.
One of the worst snowslldes that ever
occurred in Colorado, so far as loss of urj
is concerned, was at a little station calUd,
Woodstock, on the South Park Railway.
Woodstock was nine miles east of Pitkm
and near the famous Alpine tunnel, whlca
was completed that year, 1SS4.
In the Pitkin district and on the saci*
day. March 10, twenty-two lives were lost
bv snowslides. The town of WoodstodC
consisted of the station, postpfflce, section
houae. saloon and several cabins. The town
was located -j«st at the foot of the grada
where the double-headed trains began
their last steep climb along the precip
itous sides of the mountain before enter-
Ing the tunnel. The population of the lit
tle hamlet on Its last day and the last
day for all but three of Its Inhabitants.
was seventeen— nine men, two women and
six children.
• Hiirh above the little cluster of honsea
•was a narrow gorge. Above this the snow
started from opposite sides of the moun
tain at almost the same instant. The two
slides m™ and, pouring through tha
gorge, spread over the gulch b«low
caUKht up the frail cabins and hurled
them with several hundred yards of rall
ioad track, rocks, timber and snow, to
the bottom of the canyon.
A ri»cue party from Pitkin worked
heroically for two days and nights befora
all of the victims of the slide were ac
counted for. Three of the number wer«
found alive and recovered from their In
¦juries.
, The railroad man. like the small boy and
the inebriate, is evidently under the- pro*
tection of a special providence, for whll«
it Id not at. all uncommon for slides ta
bury a few hundred feet of track and
cause the section, men much trouble in
keeping trains moving, on© . rarely hear*
of a train. being injured by a snowslld* m
of a railroad man being killed,
iiad been swept clean Into the valley b*"
low, leaving not a sign of cabin, shaft
house or mine.
Seeing the frightful condition of affair3
they immediately returned to the camp
and gave the alarm. A rescue party, head
ed by Colonel George W. Cook. Mayor of
Leadvllle, reached the scene of the catas
trophe the following day. They found the
site of the cabins covered with snow,
rocks and timbers to a depth of forty to
fifty., feet, ¦ and before the ruins of tha
cabins" were found three tunnels had, with
tremendous labor, to be run through th»
cornpaee mass of ice, rock and timber.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
... . .w - ¦ -.. * . * , - ¦
12
A SNOWSLIDE IN THE ROCKIES
AND THE DEVASTATION IT LEAVES IN ITS PATHPRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 5, 1901— THIRTY- TWO PAGES.
VOLUME IiXXXIX— NO. 156.
• Continued on Page Fourteen.
'—¦¦¦' ¦.¦¦¦¦.--. v '.-•¦:/¦>.'.¦¦¦•¦¦¦. V ¦¦•'? —
Vallejo - AVill Have ; at ¦ Least ) a Visit , From
Congressmen if Not From the President
Himself— Invitation Sent to El Paso
¦w t ALLEJO has won its point that
\ /the Presidential party should see
\ / Mare Island. A committee from
the navy yard town was before
j 'the executive committee 1 in
' ' charge of the ' reception to the
President yesterday^mofning, with the re
sult that it. was agreed It should be so ar
ranged as to allow time for the Secretary
of the Navy, and . the visiting Congress
men to visit" the yard," and if it be found
possible that the President, too, should
be taken there.
When the executive committee met yes
terday morning Senator McCudden, . Sen
ator J.J.Luchsinger/ George J. Campbell
Jr. and J. Dannenbaum, ' . all of Vallejo,
were In attendance to" make the request
that the programme be enlarged to in
clude a. trip, to Mare Island. - It was* ex
plained that the town of Vallejo would
do all things possible' to make .the trip fa
pleasant /and-: instructive one andithat.'it
would co-operate 'with the- cornmittee i- In.
any .way. necessary. )'¦". V^. . ' .. ..' : k
It was explained b'y the committee; that
the local committee had nothing to do
with the making of the programme ex
cepting to 'suggest .what should be done.
Tha committee from Vallejo was informed
that, the programme, as originally out
lined contained provision for a trip around
the bay, including a visit . to Mare J Island
on ; May : 21," but that I the trip had been
dropped when the President had decided
to leave the city' on . May 20. It was con
ceded that the Secretary of the Navy, and
the' visiting Congressmen would visit the
navy . yard, some* time during , their stay
here.* and 'the - committee j was authorized
to ] niake such , changes In" the ' programme
as wo'uld j provide i for, this .' trip, even if ; it
should be found; impossible ! to alter the
programme for. the' President so as ' to In
clude^ the yard In his itinerary., ;... .
.. Ttie.aim of t the committee is to. show the
President ;just-what-. he wishes -to. see and
to, make« it' easy, for, him 'to 'do 'Just; as he
pleases. Thi proposition! of a: visit to the
Continued • on- Page Fourteen.
cash in sight was "$2s"538 75, with, several
canvassing committees still to- report.
J. P. Currier, chafrman of the commit
tee from the various commercial organi
zations for the entertainment of the visit
ing Congessmen, reported that the list of
his committee so far as formed included
Charles Bundschu of the Merchants' As
sociation. William M. Bunker'of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce, A. Ger
berdlng of the San Francisco Produce Ex
change and B. N. Rowley of the California
State Board "of Trade.* The name selected
by- the committee was the Commercial
Committee for Entertainment of Con
gressmen, and was accepted by the ex
ecutive . committee. Mr. Currier reported
that owing to the limited time since the
formation of the committee its programme
had not yet been arranged,* and that he
would report -further, at the meeting on
Wednesday next.
It was ordered that $200 be appropriated
to the committee on accommodations for
the establishment of a bureau of informa
tion at the ferry building for the conve
nience of visitors, desiring to secure ac
commodations during the week of the
President's visit. ¦
•It was' decided that the reception com
mittee appointed to meet the President at
Third ' and • Townsend streets should as
semble at the Palace Hotel at 3 p. m. on
Tuesday, the 14th, and take the carriages
General ; Shatter to ©6
to Los AngelestoWel
come the/ President
Drives to Fort Sam
Houston, the Big
Texas Military Post
?
By C. C. CARLTON,
Special Ccrresponflent of The C&1L
SAN ANTONIO, May 4.— The sixth
N day of the President's long jcur
ney brought him to San Antonio.
The Presidential train arrived at
2:35 this morning and was side
tracked until daylight Guards
surrounded the train to keep the curious
from disturbing the sleep of the party.
Another special train with Governor
Bayres and his staff aboard escorted the
Presidential train from Austin to San
Antonio and arrived fifteen minutes later.
Both trains were sidetracked in the yard.
The President and fall party were escort
ed from the depot in carriages to Fort
Sam Houston In the early morn-ing hours,
passing through the city and viewing a
number of its myriads of beautiful natural
and artificial parks.
At Travi* Park he was rreeted by hun
dreds of public school children In white,
singing patriotic Eongs and waving tiny
American flags. This park Is named in
honor of Colonel Travis, who figured
prominently in early Texas history and
lost his life In the ill-fated Alamo mis-
Elon on March 6. 1S3S. when Santa Anna's
horde of Mexicans overpowered and mas
sacred the small garrison of Texans.
Fort Sam Houston.
At Fort Sam Houston the Presidential
party was met by General Chambers Mc-
Klbbln, commander of the Department of
Speaks at Del Rio
While the Engines
; Are -Being •.Changed
dress Governor Sayres in behalf of the
citizens of San -Antonio presented to Mr.
McKinley a magnificent oil painting of
the Alamo. The President then visited
the. Alamo and wrote his signature on the
register, signing "William McKinley."
Received by Ladies.
The party then proceeded to the Menger
Hotel, where the ladies of the party had
preceded them and where the ladies of
San Antonio were holding an informal re
ception. The President was there intro
duced and shook hands with the assem
bled multitude.
. The city Is elaborately decorated In red,
white and, blue, and the blooming spring
flowers in yards and parks helped to
make the scene enchanting and to give
the President an idea of what to expect
in sunny California.
President's Health.
Neither President McKinley , nor Mrs.
McKinley murmurs a complaint against
The party left San Antonio at noon and;
the run through Western Texas was with
out incident. •".. 1
The President, although showing, traces
of .fatigue, bears up wonderfully well un
der the severe strain of six days on the
road. Constant hurrahing, and handshak
ing, speech-making, dining and banquet
ing Is calculated to fatigue a stronger
man than the President.' j He is ' looking
forward to a grateful rest at. El' Paso.
There will be no exercises and no attempt
at entertainment whatever, the President
and 'Mrs. McKinley remaining, quietly at
their hotel, except for . , an hour . In the
morning, when they will go to church.
rlan to Entertain Sec
retary of State Hay :
at Consular Banquet •
' W IT A.D there, been -any. reoresenta
¦¦ B - H • tive ¦ of : the Treasury Depart
. 3 H /ment.in the Presidential party
* i ' I * e Chinese, would have seen
M M that he lacked nothins In Jthe
way of Chinese entertainment,
for the Treasury. Department has made
•many friends among the better class of
the Chinese people of the West by its at
'tltude on the. restriction laws and- its in
• tarpretatlon of the many' problems which
have arisen under them. The Chinese are
not to be balked of a demonstration, how
ever, and so in lieu, of a treasury official
they will exert • themselves to" entertain
John Hay, the Secretary, of State, who is
just" as highly . esteemed - by the yellow
population. : , , '- \ \"- *--... c - ":/<•
Ho Yow,. the Chines© Consul, has taken
an active interest in this, but he has a
better scheme, than, that -even which he
is trying to make good." There are twenty
nine or ~ thirty , foreign Consuls in. San.
Francisco, and it is his idea that they
could not .do better, than.' to 'get.. together
and entertain the Secretary of State at a
purely consular entertainment, preferably
a banquet. The idea is a good one and is
looked on .with. much favor. - The Consuls
of this port have never been gathered X.(y
gether in anything like a social event, and
it is believed | that the gathering to . wel
come the 'Secretary of State, will have a
more far reaching and lasting effect than
the mere meeting of the head of the diplo-^
matic corps. '-¦,;.'.; ', ; •" ;-'.*v' '...^
. The employes and _ officers in the Cus
tom-house and in the Federal offices are
also preparing to entertain the Cabinet
chiefs' that : most "directly/ have authority
over them.' ."Arrangements are being per
fected in a quiet way and early next week
the Intentions of "the Federal i colony, will
be made' known. -.
\ Committee meeting, i
.There was - a' meeting of the executive
committee ... yesterday ' "morning. " The
finance committee .reported that ' the total
Texas;, Colonel James M. Wheelan, com-'
mandant.of Fort Sam Houston, and the
members of their staff. The Light Bat
tery, commanded by Captain Clermont IJ,
Best, fired the Presidential salute and
gave a flying battery drill, followed by
evolutions by several troops of the Elev
enth Cavalry, which is organizing here.
Fort Sani Houston is the second largest
post in the United States in Doint of area
and equipment and * the President was
highly pleased with it, as if stands on a
high stretch of territory overlooking the
historic city of San Antonio and com
manding an excellent view of the sur
rounding country, for miles. *
In the Alamo.
On the return from the post the Presi
dent was officially welcomed . to the city
of^San Antonio, the ceremonies taking
place in the historic old Alamo Place,
where a grand stand had been erected.
Mayor Hicks delivered the address of
welcome and President McKinley respond
ed. He alluded freely to the enthusiastic
welcome and closed by declaring: that he
and his associates would always . have
cause to "remember the Alamo. He said:
I. was grlad to know and cannot describe my
satisfaction at the response that great State
of Texas made at the call of the executive for
troops for the Spanish war. You filled more
than your quota and thousands crowded to
get Into the service to help freeman oppressed
people and preserve the honor of'the country
The sons of the boys In blue and the sons of
the boys in gray fought side by side In Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines, and to-day
they are shoulder to shoulder carrying the
flag we love spotless In honor and - glory
(Cheers.)
I was tfad to be received by the achool
children of this historio city.- As I drove
through a line of more than 5000 and heard
them singing "My Country, 'Tis of Thee
Sweet Land of Liberty." I knew the future
of the republic was safe forever. I. want to
return thanks to all the people of this great
empire State, not alone for their welcome to
me, but for her contribution In the advance
ment of the republic No State was ever
more blessed by the kind hand of Providence.
You have everything— strong race, fair women
—and I congratulate you on this splendid her
itage and Join with your honored Mayor in
eaylng that we stand to-day one in hope, faith,
liberty and destiny— the greatest republic un
der the sun; a republic which will live and
which those to come after. us will pass along
to the ages and civilization to come. (Pro
longed cheers.)
At the conclusion of the President's ad-
Hearty Greeting at the
Famous Alamo by
a Throng of People
THREE HOURS IN SAN ANTONIO, THE QUAINT
OLD CITY OF THE PLAINS, WHERE PRESIDENT
IS WELCOMED WITH TRUE TEXAN ENTHUSIASM
Pages 13 to 22'
Pages 13 to 22
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Continue d on Page Fourt eeauPETITION IN INSOLVENCY.— Robert J
Butler, ihoe dealer la San Joee, fll«d a petition
in Insolvency yesterday In the United Sutaa
District Court. His liabilities are $13,383 M. and
his assets $6549.
oration, which In the main la composed
of quotations from the Scriptures.
PORT TOWNSEND, May 4.— Owing to
the limited time of the visit of the party
here the people of Port Townsend will
not attempt to give much of a reception.
According to the plans of the committee,
it has been arranged that the Mayor will
welcome the President in a speech of fif
teen or twenty words, and.it has been
suggested that some little child present
him with a bouquet of rhododendrons,
.\f r ,_ whIch - If time permits, the party
will be driven to Morgan Hill!
Arrangements should be made so that
when the steamer carrying the Presiden
tial party rounds Marrowstone Point a
salute be fired from all' three forts At
present there are no soldiers stationed at
Port Worden on Point Wilson, but It Is
thought that a squad of men from either
Forts Flagler or Casey could be sent over
for that purpose. The firing of a salute
to the President from each fort would be
more effective than just one of the tri
angular system of forts firing.
By the time the President arrives rho
dodendrons will be at their, best and it is
desired that the entire city be decorated
with the State flower, which of itself
would not fail to make an impression on
the party.
State Flower Will Be
Used in Prettily Deco
rating Port Townsend
RHODODENDRONS
W% FOR PRESIDENT
people who left Cincinnati yesterday evening
to attend the launching of the battleship
Ohio, at the Union Iron Works on May
18. The Ohio Society haa made elaborate
arrangements to entertain In befitting and
lavish manner the guests from the
Buckeye State.
Members of Party Leav
ing Cincinnati to Attend
Launching of the Ohio
The Call this morning presents on page
13 the pictures of the prominent Ohio
PROMINENT * OHIO
PEOPLE ON THE WAY
cifleY General Shafter and • Captain Wil
son will leave for Los Angeles to-morrow. I
Continued from Page Thirteen.
VALLEJO WILL HAVE A VISIT
FROM THOSE FROM THE EAST
Major General W. R. Shafter and his
aid. Captain Eugene T. Wilson, will greet
the President at Los Angeles as repre
sentatives of the Department of the Pa-
There is talk to the effect that the
committee appointed to arrange for the
citizens' banquet in honor of the Presi
dent has given the "overlook" to several
well-known Federal office-holders, among
them the Superintendent of the Mint the
Pension Agent and the Shipping Commis
sioner. A commission signifying that the
President reposes special confidence in the
holder is held by every one of these of
ficers.
Neglected Officials.
C. W. Pendleton. Speaker of the As
sembly, will go south with the Governor
and give the President the glad hand in
the same of the Legislature.
Lieutenant Governor Jacob H. Neff de
cided yesterday that his duties in arrang
ing for the President's greeting at the
capital of the State would reauire his
presence In Sacramento, hence he will not
go to Redlands.
Governor Gage is ready to fulfill the
duties assigned to him by the executive
committee of citizens appointed to man
age the reception of President McKiniey.
The Governor expects to leave San Fran
cisco for Redlands this evening or to
morrow morning 1 .
The executive committee Invited the
California Congressional delegation and
the Chief Justice of the State Supreme
Court to Join the Governor, Lieutenant
Governor and Speaker of the Assembly in
welcoming 1 *the nation's chief executive.
United States Senator George C. Perkins,
who recently returned from a wearisome
*rip to Mexico, will not be able to join
the welcoming delegation, but it is un
derstood that United States Senator
Thomas R. -Bard and the seven repre
sentatives in the lower house of Congress
v.-ill accept the committee's invitation.
Governor Gage Beady.
Mr. Newhall was appointed a committee
of one to confer with the street railway
companies as to Increased service during
the night of the public reception.
there provided - for them and proceed
thence to the depot, ¦where they would re
ceive the President.
MELBOURNE, May 4.— The steamship
Ophlr, 'with the Duke and .Duchess of
Cornwall and York on board, arrived off
Queens Cllffe. where she hove to, -at 8
o'clock this morning;. - ¦ - -. - - ...
Ed-ward's Son Near Melbourne.
STEAMEB M. ,S. DOLLAB.
LAUNCHED ON ' DELAWARE
New Vessel Will, Carry Freight Be*
tween This City and the Ha-
• -waiian Islands. i
PHILADELPHIA. May 4.— The first
launching at the New York Shipbuilding
Company's yards, on the Delaware River,
below Camden, took place this afternoon
when the steamer M. . a. Dollar, built for
the Robert Dollar Company of San Fran
cisco, was launched. It was christened by
Miss Marie Morse of Woodbury, N. J., a
daughter of the president of the company.
• The M. S. Dollar is a single-screw
freight steamer capable of 1500 indicated
horsepower. It^is 309 feet long, 40 feet
beam, of 5000 tons displacement and has a
grops tonnage of 2500 tons. The M. S.
Dollar- will carry ! freight -between San
Francisco and Hawaii. . • . .
¦ - . . ' ¦ » .' ¦• • ¦
Wool Warehouse Burned.
PHILADELPHIA. May 4.— A six-story
brick building at 116 Chestnut street, oc
cupied by Charles Webb & Co., importers
of wool, was burned to-night. ;Loss $75,000.
LONDON, May 4.— The Pope, ac
cording to a dispatch to the Times
from Rome, is understood to have
made a • will designating his suc
cessor, thus, to quote the corre
spondent, modifying the habitual mode of
choosing a Pope by a conclave.
The news • of the Pope's will first took
shape in a diplomatic note. from the Ba
varian Minister to his favorite. Its theory
is simple. The papal power, being absolute,
involves the right of naming a successor.
Dealing witl^ the rumors of Cardinal
Rampolla's retirement from the office of
Secretary of State, the correspondent says
that Rampolla is aiming for the tiara and
that if the Pontiff died to-day the strug
gle ¦ would be between Cardinals Ram
polla and Vanutelli.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Father Rook
er, secretary of the Papal Legation in
Washington, confirms the report that he
has been designated a chamberlain to the
Pop©. The appointment carries with it
the title of Monselgneur and renders its
bearer a members of the pontifical house
hold, but it will not have the effect of tak
ing Father Rooker from Washington.
CARDINAL MARIANO RAM
POLJaA, PAPAL SECRETARY
OF STATE AT THE VATICAN.
SOUTHAMPTON, May 4.— The trial of
I Shamrock II to-day had a rather unfor
i tunate conclusion, for she went ashore on
j a bank close to the Warner lightship. The
j trial' was practically over and she came
i sharp around the lightship to return to
j her moorings, when she grounded on the
sand. The wind was very light at the
time and she slid upon the bank with a
scarcely perceptible shock. There -was
not wind enough to pull her off and the
Erin was signaled to send a launch, but
half an hour elapsed before the launch
came and towed her off without any diffi
culty. ". .: .
Captain Jameson arid Designer -Watson
were both on board Shamrock II . when
she went aground and both are agreed
that the yacht sustained no damage.
There is no intention of docking her. and
there will be no interruption to her trials.
An immense • amount of preparatory
work has been satisfactorily carried out
during the past week and everything es
sential was ready when Shamrock II left
her berth. Sir Thomas Lipton and Charles
Ribell arrived last evening and saw the
last touches put to the preparations. De
signer Watson and Captain Jameson fol
lowed this morning.
Keen interest was shown in the. trial
and a large number of yachts and steam
ers crowded with passengers accompanied'
the Erin and Shamrock II. While the
challenger was preparing for her' first
sail the American line steamer St. Louis
passed her. There were a number of
Americans on board, who closely scanned
the challenger. On passing the yacht the
steamship slowed down and saluted. The
crews of the Erin and the two Sham
rocks, who were ranged on their respect
ive decks, cheered the St. Louis heartily.
During the forenoon the breeze steadied
and hardened under a fine crisp north
easter which was blowing sufficiently to
raise the white caps. Jibs and staysails
of the challengers were hoisted at an
early hour, and when the word was given
to raise the mainsail, the speed weights
with which it was hoisted from the deck
in American fashion .demonstrated the
handiness of the appliances adopted. The
sail is made of dark sea island cotton
and fully justifies the expectation of its
being the largest on 'record. ¦
After spending a couple of hours slip
ping about in light winds off Cowes, tho
challenger made a long board toward
Ryde. There a fresher wind Was met,
and, going along with all canvas drawing
well, the Shamrock II footed ahead in a
way little short of marvelous. The sweet
ness of her hulls was shown by the
smoothness of her going through the,;
water, and, under to-day's conditions, the »
Shamrock II is certainly a marvel in this
respect. The wind In which she passed
Ryde was such as might take her round
an America's cup course just Inside the
time limit, and in. these conditions she
gave a display never-before equaled on
this side of the Atlantic. -
j Boat Strikes on a Sandy Beach
j but Escapes Serious .1
I Injury. . -
Upton's Yacht Makes a
Great Record and
Goes Ashore;. .'
NEW SHAMROCK
A FAST RACER
ON HER TRIAL
Continued from Page Thirteen.
LOCAL HONORS BEING PREPARED
FOB ALL THE CITY'S VISITORS
The press comment from both parties,
is extremely cautious, not triumphant.
The Germania promises the Conservatives
the Center's aid, as heretofore, since no
government In Prussia is possible without
the Conservatives. The Deutsche Tages
Zeltung. Post and Kreuz Zeltung dis
creetly praise the Government for avoid
ing defeat on the canal bill by closing the
Diet. The Tagesblatt regrets the closure,
because a number of Important bills are
thus disposed of.
The Voerwaerts ironically congratulates
the Junker party and Centrists upon the
skill displayed in fighting the canal bill
and forcing Emperor William twice upon
his knees. It contrasts this with the un
skillful attitude of the Liberals and Rad
icals, and sarcastically quotes verbatim
Emperor William's pro-canal declaration
of August 11, 1899, in Dortmund, which
"th«s supporters of the crown and altar
have twice turned into a powerless boast."
The Vossische Zeitung believes the new
Prussian Cabinet will be more homogene
ous than hitherto. The papers all devote
farewell articles to Dr. von Mlquel, uni
formly admitting his great ability, espe
cially financially and administratively,
but they point out that everybody had
finally lost confidence In him because of
his extreme cunninnr and Insincerity.
Papers of every shade join i n the chorus.
The events of the last few days have
proved a great sensation, but upon closer
inspection they do not mean a change
in the system. It is quite certain that
neither Emperor William nor Count von
Bulow has the slightest intention to gov
ern with the aid of the Liberals or Radi
cal Left, nor to dissolve the Diet. Whether
the canal bill will bear reappeal is uncer
tain, in spite of the assurances of a high
official. In any case, the bill is buried out
of sight for the time, thus meeting the
¦wishes of the Conservatives and agrarian
Centrists.
BERLIN", May 4. — Theodore Moeller,
¦who has been appointed Minister of Com
merce in succession to Herr Brefeld, Is a
National-Liberal of the Right % wing, and a
TTestphallaa J machine manufacturer.
Whenever lie has come in contact with
the Emperor the latter has expressed a
liking for him. \
Parliamentary circles believed that
Count von Zedlltz-Truetschler, President
of Hesse-Xaf sau, -was the personal choice
of Emperor "William for the office, of Prus
sian Minister of the Interior to succeed
Baron Rheinbaben, against Count von
Billow's advice, because his Majesty
hoped to effect through "Von Zedlitz
changes in the present school system, ren
dering it pronouncedly Christian . and in
culcating submission to the temporal and
spiritual authorities, especially the crown.
Herr Brefeld's going was rendered neces
eary because his recent utterances showed
that as the Minister of Commerce his
eympathies were elsewhere.
Conservatives and
Pleased Over Fate of
tfie Canal Bill.
William Does Not Intend
to Dissolve Prus
. sian Diet
KAISER'S PLAN
MAY NOT YET
MEET FAILURE
Cardinal Rampolla Will
Probably Have the
Place.
POPE IS SAID
TO HAVE NAMED
HIS SUCCESSOR
.CINCINNATI,. May,- 4.-The special
train bearing Governor/ Nash and staff
ana about 100 other Ohio 'citizens, who are
to ¦ journey to • San | Francisco . to witness
the launching of the battleship Ohio, was
finally made up here by the addition of
two cars, one being a' dining-car and the
other the private car of Vice President
William M. Green of the Baltimore and
Ohio Southwestern Railway. During the
delay at the Central passenger station
here Governor Nash held an informal re
ception. • . •¦ .
The private car taken on here is to ac
commodate Nicholap L/ongworth, A H
Pugh, Harry Stephens and Colonel C. B
Wing. " . v : . .
The departure was taken at 5:30 p. m
and the train will pass over the Balti
more and Ohio Southwestern, Missouri
Pacific and. Santa Fc
One Hundred Ohioaris
Leaves Cincinnati With
-a Party, of More Than
dent Some Needed Rest
¦ ¦¦ i ¦
EL PASO, May 4.— The reception tend- 1
ered the Presidential party In El , Paso,
j which will be reached by the President at
i 9 o'clock "to-morrow morning, will be
something different, with more unique
features probably than that given by any
-other.. city on the. route of. the trip. "While
the city is ?brilliantly lighted and deco
rated, no effort has been made at glitter.
The principal feature 'different here
from other places is the part to bef taken
.by the ladies. As the President cannot
visit the Mexican side the El Paso ladies
arranged for a drive and early breakfast
at i the residence of Don Inocente Ochoa
in Juarez.. ..This function will be held -in
the large patio in the residence, which is
one of the oldest and grandest in Mex
ico. Senor Ochoa is the veteran banker
of Northern Mexico and is president of
the Banco Minero at Chihuahua, one of
the strongest institutions in the republic.
The local reception committee consists
of the following ladies in El Paso. and
Juarez: Mrs. T. J. Beall, wife of a prom
inent attorney, chairman;. Mrs. J. A. Eddy,
wife of the general manager of - the El
Paso- Northeastern Railroad: Mrs. C- Ttv*.
Kendrick, wife of the American Consul in
Juarez; Mrs. Jacobo Blanco, wife of the
Mexican Boundary Commissioner; Mrs.
Joseph Magoffln. wife of. the ex-Mayor of
El F-aso; Mrs. Moses Dillon, wife of the
collector of customs for this district; Mrs.
B. F. Hammett, wife of the Mayor of El
Paso; Mrs. Adolph Krakauer, Miss Flor
ence Beall, Mrs. Ogario. wife of the cus
toms collector in Juarez; Mrs. F. Seijas."
Mrs. A. N. Daguerre, Mrs. Cuerron, Misses
Cuerron and Najara of 'Juarez and Mrs.
W. "W. Mills, wife of the United States
Consul at Chihuahua, Mex. There will be
a number of other guests among the so
ciety of El Paso and Juarez and visiting
ladies from Mexico, New Mexico and Ari
zona.
GOVERNOR NASH
STARTS WESTWARD
That Will Allow Presir
LADIES TO BE IN
' CHARGE IN EL PASO
Arranging a Programme
My Fellow Citizens: I desire to express the
very Kreat pleasure it has given me to greet my
fellow citizens of our srreat State as I have
Journeyed through it In the last two days. I
have been very glad to note your, prosperity,
the cheerfulness of the people, their happiness
and contentment nnd to know that they are
all devoted to one flas— the Stars and Stripes.
I flm plart also .to perceive that the people in
this section of *he country 'are Interested in
wool.- Some gentlemen pay that the only diffi
culty, I* that the price Is not quite as they would
like to have it. I wish it were in my power tn
make it hirher for the owner of sheer" and
lower for the consumer, who has to . use the
wool. If. I , could accommodate you both it
•would give me great eatisf action. I am very
glad to meet you and greet you all.
the exactions demanded on this journey.
They arc profoundly and sincerely thank
ful to the people for their generous hospi
tality. Nevertheless, it is felt by'some of
those close to the President, in view of
the fact that he has yet before him five
weeks of hard traveling, sight-seeing,
banqueting, handshaking:, etc., it woutd
be a most gracious and considerate act on
the. part of San Francisco people if they
would allow him all. possible resting: time.
The truth is that President McKinley is
not in first class health. He is 1n good
flesh, but he ha3 a tired look and. lacks
the clear eye of a healthy man. The best
evidence that he is not in the best of
health is the fact that the family physi
cian accompanies him.-A ¦] •' ¦ : ¦ •
At Del Rio. just before dark, the train
flopped to change engines and-the Presi
dent shook. hands with- quite a number of
people., some of them • Mexicans from
across the border, and in response to calls
made a brief speech, as follows:
Virtue is Its own reward— and no ques
tions asked. . • : . , .
A * Month's Test Free. .
If - yon baveRheumatl8m,"writeI>r. Shoop.Racine,
Wla..boxl37.for six bottles of hlsRheumatlcCure,
express paid. Send no money. 'Pay $5.W If cured*
Last Chapter to ' George Inwood's
Historic Quarrel With the Tirst
Baptist Church.
George Inwood, one of California's old
est residents, died yesterday at his home,
709 Union street, ¦ aged 88 . years and 8
months. At the funeral services, to be
held to-morrow at 10:30 from his late resi
dence,a, fwieral oration written by him
self against the time of his own demise,
will be read, and printed copies of it dis
tributed to all who attend the funeral.
-, Deceased came to California across the
plains in 1846. He was one of the organ
izers of the First Baptist Church, and he
claimed to be the . founder of the first
Sunday school and to have been instru
mental in securing the first Sunday school
library for California. He mined with
success after the discovery of gold, and
amassed some wealth. In later years
trouble with the First Baptist Church
over an alleged - debt to him of 55700 em
bittered him against the church.- It was
due to thi3 that he wrote his own funeral
PIONEER" WRITES HIS
.OWN FUNERAL ORATION
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. May 4.— The de
fense at the Eastman murder trial to-day
completed the outline of Its case, and dur
ing the half day's session placed four wit
nesses on the, stand to support Its conten
tion that the - relations between the two
men were not only intimate but cordial.
The interest of the day, however, was on
the outline of the principal portion of the
case made by Mr. Bartlett and hia ex
planation of how the shooting occurred.
.Bartlett did. not attempt an elaborate
explanation or combat the Government
theory that the killing was done .by a
center-flre bullet, except to say that the
bullet which was produced at the trial
was, at the request of the defense, shown
to a cartridge expert last October and
that the expert placed a private mark on
the bullet, which cannot now be found on
that produce*! in court. Regarding what
actually took place between the two men
Bartlett said that Eastman was examin
ing the old rim-flre revolver when it sud
denly exploded and Grogan threw up his
hands. Eastman, supposing Grogan had
been shot, went toward him, and at the
same time Grogan's revolver went off a
struggle took place between the two men.
during which Grogan's revolver went off
two or more times. Eastman got hold of
the revolver and threw it away. -
Lawyer for Eastman of Harvard Pre
sents His Side of the Sen
sational Trial.
SAYS THE PROFESSOR'S
' SHOT WAS ACCIDENTAL
General . Combes is on his way to the
Ivory Coast Colony • from ' Senegal to: dl
rectthe operations of the French troops.
, PARIS, .May J^— The Euclair Fays the
situation .In the Ivory : Coast Colony of
West Africa Is reported to be " becoming
more "'critical.*-:,. Various, engagements are
reported to have taken place in, the Baule
region between the; insurgents and French
troops. .' " •••'•¦¦ •"¦-; y .. ¦ ; % ¦ --
• The latter, It. is said, encountered des
perate resistance. and . were hard pressed.
Some officers of .the French force are sa'.d
to have been wounded. . - ¦ ¦ ;
Have Routed the. Troops in West
".'¦; Africa^
Native Insurgents Are Reported to
french hard pressed
¦•« in ivory: coast colony
RIO DE JANEIRO, May 4.— The story
sent from this city . In January. In which
it' was' asserted that the foreign J Minis
ters here declined to be present at a ban
quet given by . Charles Page; Bryan, ' the
American' Minister to Brazil, has, called
for a vigorous denial. As a matter of fact,
more than tworthirds of .the foreisn rep
resentatives .composing the diplomatic
corps f were in attendance*. . This > is , made
plain by the following extract from the
lmprensa, a paper published in Rio: i •*
"As ; we ' have already intimated.- there
took place day before yesterday at the
North American legation in Petropolis the
banquet and ball given by Charles Page
Bryan to General Quintino Bocayuva and
Mrs. Bocayuva. j Among those present we
noted: -General and Mrs. Quintino Bocay
uva; Monsigneur Macchi, apostolic Inter
nounce, and 1 Monsigneur -- Landucci, his
secretary; Conseiller. Camelo Lamprela,
Minister of Portugal; Dr. Salimas Vega,
Minister of Bolivia;, and- Mrs. Vega; Mr.
Hortgoutchi, secretary of the Japanese le
gation, and his wife;. Count d'Arco Valley,
Minister of Germany; Count Saints Au
laire, - Charge d' Affaires of France, and
the Countess St. Aulaire: . A: ' Yoacham,
secretary .of the Chilean legation; Are
nas de Lima, secretary of the Portuguese
legation, and Mrs. de t Lima: x Baron j Al
beric de Fallon, Belgian, Minister, . and
Mr.. Falder, secretary of legation: Mr.
Acqueroni, Charge -d' Affaires of ; Spain;
Mr. Macdonell, secretary of . the 3ritish
legation, and many others." 1
¦ ' .".- . ¦: •'.- ? -'"' ~- : •*-- ¦'•¦¦ ¦••--. *¦ -
National Representatives at His
V Reception in Brazil.
American Minister Had Nearly All
NO REBTTFF TO BRYAN
BY FOREIGN DIPLOMATS
Post Falls-J. A. Fisher. H. M. Stratheni
A. M. Martin, . M. E. .German , and A; N.
Tucker. ,-.-.. _ , u a- jn.
Bonner's Ferry— S. D. Taylor, B.F. Walker
Tr S 3r « MorrO^; £' F - Cook .- D - C. Hemminger
and Mayor W. Eaton.
The sub-committee on correspondence
selected from the general committee for
the reception decided to have five - men
appointed in each town in Eastern Wash
ington, Northern Idaho and Southern
British Columbia and sent out eighty-five
letters \o Mayors of various towns asking
them to make the appointments. Several
answers have already come from 1 - near-bv
Places, and indications are that the com
mittee will meet with hearty expiration
from every place of importance in the in
land empire. The correspondence commit
tee-consists of D. M. Thompson (chair
man), W. F. Townsend. H. C. Olney, J J
Browne and-H. A. Rising. >
Responses from Mayors state that • +hL
number likely to come in.for the recej!
f^t/rS™, thell T respective towns will be
Ue^m^b/nrovfied^"^ 0 " 311011 facl »"
The Chenev committee is*
Colville— W. R. Baker, C H ¦Winters O t
Spangle-R. W. Butler, M. H. Sullivan W
011 ' J - °- C ' K " Uth ' ™
Mayor Theodore T. Davis." \ , y Md
Palouse— W\ F. Chalenorr W. E. McCroskey :
A. A, Wilson, C. W. Waters and Mayor H. m!
SPOKANE, May 4.-The . work" of the
decoration committee for;McKinley'a re
ception here is already well mapped out
Fraternal organizations with halls on the
line of march and owners of blocks will
be asked to appropriately decorate their
buildings. Stores with large plate glass
windows wilt be asked to feature decora
tions for the day, -and all merchants^™
expected to have bunting and small" flags
on their store fronts. \ The -Washington
Water Power Company, will also be afked
for a • suitable display. Arches • may be
constructed at prominent points on the
Citizens Prepare to Re
ceive the Presidential
Party in Royal; Manner
navy yard will be submitted to the Presi
dent, and If he wishes to see It the pro
gramme will be arranged so that he shall
see it. If the desire of the town of Val
lejo that he visit the yard be properly
presented to him. the question may be set
tled In a very short time, and with every
prospect that the President will decide to
make the trip. As it stands, however, the
Secretary of the Navy and the Congress
men from the East will be given an op
portunity to see the yard they have so
frequently to legislate for, and this will
be the equal in value almost of any' trip
the President may take. ; . • •
Senator Luchsinper explains' that the ap
plications from Vallejo for a visit by the
President were addressed to Henry .T
Scott, chairman of the executive com
mittee. Irving: M. Scott, the real chair
man of the committee, says none of these
communications ever reached him
,-.. Tne E? was a meeting- of the Board of
CI^ y Trustees of Vallejo last evening, at
which an urgent invitation to President
McKinley to visit Mare Island and the
town of Vallejo was adopted. It was
further ordered that the invitation be tel
egraphed to El Paso so that It nhould
reach the President in time for him to de
cide whether or not he can make the trip.
His secretary, Mr. Cortelyou, has had a
great deal to do with making up the itin
erary and with his help the President may
suggest some day or hour In which he can
go tc Mare Island.
SPOKANE WILL BE
GAYLY DECORATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OVTA T 5, 1901^
Continued from Page Thirteen.
WELCOMED IN THE QUAINT OLD
TEXAN CITY OF SAN AHTON IO
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
14
"The country is so flooded with patent
medicines of every kind, worthless and a
humbug, that I am glad for . one to be
able to say I have found one 'that Is
everything and more than Is claimed for
it.
"My. wife was very much run down
and out' of sorts every way. She had
female weakness and was very weak,
nervous, and had no appetite. . I tried her
on everything I could think of, but she
would not touch a thing— could not eat
strawberries, even. I saw Peruna in my
father's store one day, and after reading
the printed matter on the bottle, decldea
to have my wife try it. Before she had
taken half of the bottle, she commenced
to eat, and now she is hungry all the time.
We both agree that it beats any medicine
to bring an appetite and put the ¦. nerves
in -good shape that we have ever had any-
thing, to do with, v •. - —
"Wehad our famllv doctor to give her
medicine, but she did not Improve In the
least. She has consumption in her fam-
ily, and she was in such bad shape and,
so run down that I began to get very
uneasy,. -but your medicine has made an
W. E. Birch, fruit grower, Alton, "Va.'.
writes: . -
Miis Hut Goerbing. t
street. Cir- *• • • •?• ••••••••
clevllle, O., writes: '
"I suffered for three years with some-
thing that the doctors could not account
entirely new woman of her. I believe she
eats and feels better now than she has for
years. I had no idea It wouH do hajf
what It has done, and don't think there Is
another medicine made that will begin to
compare with it."— W. E. Birch.
Miss Mary Goerbing. of Medford. Wls.,
says: "I take
great pleasure In ?»»»»—-«».«»»»«
a c k nowledglng ? -^. > ; . ¦ < <
the cur a t i v e f iSs^w&^'X "
powers of Peru- f J^fe^j^tji n
na. As a nerve + rw&dBu&jSa "
tonic, a gentle^i / A^^^i's^uL "
stimulator to a ., )?£ i&$ri. l *%Pl "
sluggish system, ,, / l?T**^v\
and as an ap- /"P> "^W^^j "
petizer and re- c*r s^Si^^-
strength and vl- I , • jjg^"S "'
out women itjs i j^^i '
Miss Mary Goer- T "^^ ~~e4^**£&>~*^' ''
Mr. Charles E. t ¦ '• ]
Shellhanner, 508 T Miu H»ry Goerbing. ,!
East Mound t . . . "
for. Or.e said that it was stomach trouble,
one that it was bad blood, one malarial
fever, and another that It was a total col-
lapsing of the nervous system. I was a
total wreck. I was so nervous that I
could not sleep at night— so weak I could
not walk a square. After meals I woutd
pet blind and short ol breath. I' nad se-
vere pains in my head runnln? from the
base of my brain to the forehead. I had
severe pain In my kidneys. I had given
up all hope of ever getting any better.
"I went to the drus store and bouzht
a bottle of Peruna. It helped the pain In
my head immediately. I now am feeling
fine and gained twenty pounds in flesh
in three weeks. No misery In my head,
nervousness Is gone, and I have a. good
appetite. I take great pleasure In recom-
mending- Peruna to others. My friends
meet me on the street and ask me what
kind of medicine I am taking-, and you
may be sure I tell them. Peruna." — Mr.
Charles E. Shellhanner.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from tha use oX Peruna,
write at once to* Dr. Hartman, slvlngf a
full statement of your case and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratis. '
Address Dr. Hartman. President of Th«
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, GMo.
• Washington, D.C., January 3, 1901.
h Having received much benefit from Peruna /hereby certify that as a tonic I feel confident it
could not. be surpassed by any other, and heartily recommend Peruno to any one in want of an invigorat-
ing ionic."— Henry R. D.jMc/ver.
General Mclver has seen active service as field officer under fourteen different flags. He is a soldier by instinct and
training- and has been the hero of a great many sensational newspaper sketches. . . . ¦
¦ ' Henry Ronald D. Mclver is a man of Scottish parentage, who has suffered, all kinds of peril on sea and land and to- _
day is a hearty, vigorous man, whose love of adventure is as keen as ever,,- — ; -:-~i — , r-rr-rrr — ¦ '
His last adventure 'in -warfare was an organization of a band of volunteers fo aid the British against the Boers, This
cosmopolitan soldier who has fought in all climes, endured the perils of warfare in nearly every country of Europe, Is a
friend . of jPeruna. . In speaking of this great remedy he made use of the following language: " . .
ADVBBTI&EMlENTS."
Humors Feed on Humors
Thejfooner You Get Ijict of Them the Better.
In the Spring there's an effort of Nature to
.cleanse your system. You know this* by the
pimples and other eruptions on your face and
body.
Hood's Sarsaparilla taken in the
" • • Spring is as-
sisted by this effort. Begin taking it at once.
It thoroughly cleanses the system, gets into
all its nooks and corners; remove all humors,
and all unhealthy accumulations
4f l had sail, rneum on my hands so that I could do but
Buy It little work. I procured a bottle of, Hood's Sareaparilla
and it drove out the humor.' I continued its use until
Toddy * e eorea on my hands disapDeared." Mrs. Ira O.
Brown ,- Rumford-Falls, Me.
Hodd's Sarsaparilla Promises to Cure and" Keeps the Promise.
This remedy is composed of simple,
harmless vegetable ingredients, but com-
bine so effectively and act bo promptly
and thoroughly that it cures, every form
of : piles, whether < itching, blind, bleeding
or protruding^ In long-standing cases the
Pyramid Pile Cure has proven to be the
only certain cure except a surgical opera-
tion, and its advantages over an opera-
tion are- many, as it is painless, causes no
delay or interference with , daily occupa-
tion and, last but not least, is, cheaper
than any surgical operation could possibly
be,- costing 50 cents a • package at \ any
drugstore. The . cases .that the Pyramid
Pile Cure ; will not reach are so few that
physicians are . doing away with opera-
tions • for pile3 • and depending on this
cheap but effective remedy to accomplish
a complete. cure, and it never disappoints
except in cases beyond the reach of medi-
cal ; skill. T.he Pyramid Pile Cure. is pre-
pared by the Pyramid Drug Co. of Mar-
shall; Mich., and for ' sale by druggists
everywhere at 50 cents per. package. Each
package contains a treatise on cause and
cure of .pilts, '. together . with testimonials
from every section of this country.
There are some people who have piles as
regula*ly and frequently as other people
have colds.. Any little bowel trouble will
bring them on, any extra exertion, as- in
lilting, will produce them, and, in fact,
they will often appear .without any appar-
ent provocation. Piles.x however, is much
more serious than: a cold,; as the tendency
is always to grow worse until the trouble
becomes deep seated, and chronic,' or de-
velops Into some. fatal rectal disease. ,..
While there are many pile remedies
Which give relief, yet there is but one
which not only gives instant relief but at
the same time makes a permanent cure,
and' that is the well-known' Pyramid Pile
Cure. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - ':•¦ ¦;¦¦.:,
less Remedy, but It Does
the Work.
fling Expense — A Simple, Harm-
No Surgical Operation, No Pain, Tri-
ING CTTBE FROM PILES.
HOW TOXT MAY- OBTAIN A LAST-
Important to Sufferers. /
? CENTHUsiASTICALLY PRAISED BY
( ff MEXICAN I ( I F M PC?A I |\/lr % l\/F"R ARGENTINE ///J^T^ \T
¦^J^-'V' FRENCH- SPANISH-' SERVIAN-. GRECIAN: BOSNIAN-. JS^C
ITALIAN- CONFEDERATE- MEXICAN- BRAZILIAN- ARGENTINE-* CRETAN- CUBAN- EGYPTIAN,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Solid Oak Dininja: Table, 48
inches in diameter— extends to
8 feet— only $13.50. Our
I * stock of furniture, carpets and
! draperies is large and includes
j all new and artistic designs,
j Get ah estimate from us on
everything required to furnish
your entire establishment. £
Credit and free delivery within
100 miles.- We close at six. r
I. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO., j
33S-342 POST. STREET,
Opposite Union Square. '¦ "¦>..-" *
I ; - . _ ,
veeetabie. mild and reliable. Cause
Sff^EV, 1 dI * est 1 lon - complete absorpUon antf
rtaithful rejularlty.
t Kil t fe> cu ?* °^ aU disorders of the Stomach.
Z f* _?? wel o- KIdn eya. Bladder. Female Ir-
resularlties/ Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
?l^. t n '^i Plle *i aad a11 deranKements of Uj»
internal Viscera. 23c a box. At Druggists, or
by mall. RADWAY & CO.. New Tort •Railway Builders Blocked.
EUREKA, May 4.— The tracklayers of
the Calif ornian Northern Railway Com
pany were stopped this morning from put
ting down rails on the Vance property on
D street by Attorney C. M. Wheeler and
Constable Webster 1 .. The track had been
built up to the west side of the 1 Vance
prorerty'and was being put down to con
nect with the track on the Kingston
property. When. Assistant Superintendent
Cadman was summoned he promptly
ordered his men to restore the Vance half
of the street to' its former condition and
then, to go to work on "the Kingston side.
Newcastle Celebrates.
NEWCASTLE, May ; 4.— The : rebuilding
of the ; town of Newcastle, which was al
most totally destroyed by/ flre in July
last, was celebrated here to-night : with
a grand opening at the Hotel * Pomona.
The First Regiment .band ! and an excur
sion tralnload ' of; people .attended from
Sacramento and all local points. were rep
resented. ' ; ¦
Saloon-Keepers Arrested.
SANTA CRtJZ, May 4.— The owners of
thirteen saloons in Boulder Creek, Ben
Lomond: and Felton 'were arrested ihls
afternoon for violating the liquor ordin
ance, ; which • prohibits . saloons • v in this
county outside of Santa Cruz and Watson
vllle. Five saloons * are ,." now closed . In
Boulder Creek/ The' arrests were expect
ed and the saloon men are ready to fight
the case through the courts."? ;•¦
Murder and Suicide.
PORTLAND, . Or., : May- 4.— A special to
the Oregonlan * from Burns J says:"' John
Maher of Harney, • while I temporarily in
sane," shot: and killed James Wyatt and
then turned the revolver on himself with
fatal results.
Flames' in 1 a, Stove Factory.
LOUIS, {May .4.— FireHo-nlght in the
building -:¦> occupied by the Ferris : Stove
Manufacturing Company, 802; to 806 North
Main stret, did- $50,000* damage ,. to • .the
structure and 150,000 to the stock. .
COLLEGE OF HERALDS .
wroth: over criticism
LONDON, May 4.— That venerable insti
tution' the Herald's College is jealous of
its ancient privileges and has no intention
of allowing them to lapse with the-twen
tieth century. ' William Henry Weldon,
Norroy king of arms, has brought a curi
ous libel suit- against Ellis .Marks, pro
prietor of the British and American her
aldic office, on .the ground that Marks, in
a circular to the Mayors of new munici
palities : applying for an > order" to provide
them with a coat of arms." impugned the
authority of : the Herald's College. Marks
said he could do for £5 what they -.would
charge £130 for doing. The circular main
tained .that the ; college's J charter , had
lapsed and that it was In a "bad way and
bolstered up "by falsehood." '.
'. For expressing these sentiments Marks
was committed for. trial. Counsel for Nor
roy -King-of-Arms Weldon 'averred that
the Herald's College was the only body
which • could • legally grant bearings, and
was "so old that- it was almost lost in
antiquity." It transpires that the criti
cisms of the college were * not very pro
ductive," for the ; British-American concern
stopped doing, business in January. . ¦;
Lewis Wins on a Foul.
- FRESNO,' May '4.— Henry Lewis of San
Francisco '.was > given \ \ .the ' • decision over
Benny \ Hart of • Stockton : on a foul to
night.-. During the first five rounds Referee
Carlllo ; cautioned .Hart for .striking 1 " In
clinches. Hart struck again while clinched
in . the ; seventeenth : round and Lewis was
declared the winner. ¦-
Aaron Brown,' the "Dixie Kid," knocked
out Frank Dougherty <• of Ocean, View In
the second round of the preliminary.
Charles A. Leighton to Ex
pend $400,000 on Mod--v^
era Structure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. May 4.— Charles A.
Lclghton has arranged for the erection
In this city of one of tho largest and finest
hotels In the West. The building Is to be
constructed under the supervision of Archi
tect John Parkinson. Its cost will ap
proximate $400,000. It will occupy nearly
or quite a block on "Sixth, street, extend
ing from Alvarado. to San Juan street.
This site will give a wide view toward the
mountains on one side and the ocean on
the other. . ¦
The building, will be about 300 feet long
by 221 feet wide, built in L shape and on
the old mission style of architecture.
There will be 300 rooms, each pair having
one bathroom, or 150 bathrooms in- all.
This is a third larger than the big hotel
being built at Fourth and Spring streets.
Broad verandas will be a feature of the
new caravansary.
PLANS A FINE HOTEL
FOR THE ANGEL CITY
Holds to , a Rope for Two
. Hours Until Found by , >
Parents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN. RAFAEL, May 4.r-Llttle Oliver
Franklin narrowly escaped death in a
well on his father's ranch, near Point
Reyes, yesterday afternoon. After re
maining in the well • two hours I he was
rescued by his parents. -
i Oliver, who is 13 years old, attempted io
draw a bucket of water from the well.
The bucket .became fast at the bottom
and it was while trying to free it that Eis
foot slipped from the curbing and he fell
headlong to the. water. twenty feet below.
Fortunately he was not stunned* suffi
ciently to prevent him grabbing the rope
and holding, himself above the water.
Not until two hours later did his parents
locate him: He seems none the worse for
his experience. 1 .' ,' ¦ . • '
POINT REYES CHILD
FALLS INTO A WELL
one brilliant stroke after another. If he
is as successful in the next dozen years as
he has been in the past decade, he will be
like Alexander the Great, "sighing for
more, worlds to conquer.". .
Harriman went from his conntry home
to New York when he was but a lad. ; He
3rlfted into Wall .street and spent some
years there as a broker. Then he be
came a private banker and at that time
became associated with Stuyvesant Fish,
the present president of the Illinois Cen
tral Railroad. The influence of Stuyve
sant Fish induced Harriman to give up his
banking business and start out as a pro
moter. From the time Harriman became
i promoter he has rapidly gone forward,
ro-day he virtually rules the Union Pa
:ific and Southern Pacific railroads,
shrewd deals having placed him in pos
session of controlling, interests in these
vast properties.
Some say that Harriman simply secured
the Southern Pacific stock for a "deal"
ind that when it reaches a certain point
le will unload on the market. There is
ittle likelihood, however, of this rumor
jeing true, as the Southern Pacific is ex-
pending a large amount 'of money- in im
provements, rolling stock and trackage.
'Harriman Dislikes Interviewers. .
Collis P. Huntington was always acces
sible to newspaper reporters and very
rarely refused to be Interviewed. - In fact,
he rather liked to talk for publication.
Not so, however, with Mr. Harriman. .He
has been known to have his special car
sidetracked in order to avoid representa
tives of the press sent to interview him
upon important matters. , •,
In order to seek relaxation from money
making Mr. Harriman often hies himself
to his superb stock farm at Tuxedo, New.
York State. He has a hobby for raising
Jersey cows and blooded horses and takes
great delight in handling the ribbons be
hind a fast equine. It was while engaged
in this pursuit that Mr. Harriman's pho
tograph was secured. ; • .
Mrs. Harriman, who was Miss Averill
before her marriage, shares her husband's
tastes for rural life as a relief from the
noise and. bustle of the city. Society has
few charms for Mr. and , Mrs. Harriman
and they do not entertain largely.
Df finance and railroading in America. He
:an make wealthy those of his intimates
whom he cares to favor with "a tip on the
market." In New ¦ York Harriman is
looked .upon ..as the "Wizard of Wall
Street."
Rose to Fortune Kapidly.
Harriman' s rise has been a rapid one
ind he has in the past few years achieved
FIRST PHOTOGRAPH OF THE GREAT RAILWAY MAGNATE WHO HAS RECENTLY ATTRACTED THE ATTEN
TION OF FINANCIERS THE WORLD OVER. HE HAS FREQUENTLY MADE THE BOAST THAT NO AMER
ICAN NEWSPAPER WOULD EVER SECURE ONE OF HIS PHOTOGRAPHS.
Takes Too Zsluch Morphine.
. SAN DIEGO. Hay 4.— William Reed, a
remittance man, whose relatives li\*fr in
Belfast. Ireland, died suddenly to-day
from an overdose of morphine, a drug to
¦which he is said to have been addicted.
He had an appointment with a dentist,
and probably with a view to avoiding
pain g-ave himself an extra large dose of
the x>oison.
Will Die Next Friday.
SAN QITENTTN PRISON. May 4.— E. V.
Methover was to-day placed in the con
demned cell and next Friday will be exe
cuted for the murder of Dorothy McKee
in Lois Anceles County. The Supreme
Court .has rendered a decision upholding
the loTv.sr court, and the prisoner has no
hope of a reprieve or other stay of execu
tion.. \ :¦'-,<>
Ohio Society Organized.
SANTA RCSA, May 4.— An Ohio Society
««t OT££Jilze\\ here to-day. Its officers
are: Dr. Coffnian or 'Hcaiasmzrjj. ~ presi
dent; A. B. Letimon ai:d A. Burr of San
ta Rosa, vice presidents: Walter S. Davis
of Santa Rosa, aecretary.
FTRE ' TN BASEBALL GROUNDS.
ST. LOUIS, May 4.— A* fire, probably
started bv a careless smoker, broke out
underneath the center of a grand stand
at National League Baseball Park at
5:30 this afternoon, and tn a short time
the grand stand, pavilion and office of the
company were a mass of ruin3. The fire
spread with amazing rapidity, but the
spectators acted coolly and got out of the
grounds without injury- The flames were
fanned by a high wind, and for a time
threatened to spread to other buildings
In the vicinity.
The races were on at the Fair grounds,
just across the street from the ball park,
and the Immense sheets of flame and
huge billows of smoke created consterna
tion among the race patrons. The race
track fence caught fire, but before the
flames could spread to the clubhouse and
grand stand the Fire Department arrived
on the scene and threw itself Into the
breach. The loss Is $30,000. :lr, '
WTTHIXRAWAI. OF THE , FKIAKS.
NEW YORK, May 4.— A special to the
Press from Washington says: Archbishop
Ireland, who has been - here for several
days from St. Paul, has completed hl3
conferences with the officials of the War
Department and will return to the North-
It "is an open secret that the Govern
ment has asked Archbishop Ireland to as
sist in obtaining the assent of the papal
court to a withdrawal of the friars. He
also has been asked to further canvass
the situation and determine upon some
feasible means of providing 1 for the friars.
The Archbishop is exceeding reticent as
to the object of his visit to the national
capital and as to the results which may
accrue from his conferences. It Is known
that he came to the capital at the Invita
tion of the Government to discuss tha
question of the future relations between
church and state in the Philippine Islands.
Santa Clara's Lig-ht Crops.
SAN JOSE, May 4.— At the annual meet
ing of the Santa Clara County Fruit Ex
change to-day crop reports were received
from all sections of the county. Ex
change estimates are that prunes will be
only one-eighth and apricots and peaches
one-fourth of last year's crop. No esti
mate was given out on cherries and pears,
but they will be very light.
Admiral Quenches a Blaze.
VALLEJO, May 4.— A servant of Ad
miral Miller discovered fire in the attic of
the admiral's residence to-day. An alarm
was turned in, but the admiral distin
guished the fire with water from a tank.
When the navy yard fire department ar
rived it was put through a regular drill.
Bitter Contest Probable.
SANTA ROSA, May 4.— Miss Fannie
Hinshaw. one of the heirs of the big es
tate of the late William P. Hinshaw, the
Bloomfleld capitalist, has filed opposition
to the setting apart of valuable property
as a homestead for the widow, it is be
lieved there will be a bitter contest over
the eftate.
Brighter Fruit Prospects.
WOODLAND, May 4.— The prospects for
a fruit crop are improving every day.
Guggenheim & Co. are building a large
addition to their ! packing establishment,
the capacity of which Is to be doubled. A.
new and improved plant will be put in. \
MANY QUESTIONS
GO UNANSWERED
Stormy Day in the Case
of Grant Against
Crooks.
Lawyers Fail to Bring Out
• ¦- .Evidence of Property
Transfers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, May 4.— A stormy scene
was enacted .in the Superior Court. room
hers to-day before Referee G. W. Towle
Jr., when, in accordance with an order of
the . Superior Court of Tuolumne County,"
John J. Crooks and his wife were exam
ined regarding the wealth of the husband
and the circumstances surrounding the
transfers of property to his wife. Crooks
wa3 represented by Attorney J. K. John
son, and the judgment creditor, Attorney
WiJlJam Grant, by Attorney M. Mulaney.
Ta day's proceedings grew out of an ac
tion in Tuolumne County, where Grant
obtained a $30,000 judgment against Crooks.
The case is on appeal to the Supreme
Court and in the meantime the plaintiff
is trying to get hold of some of the Crooks
wealth.
To-day's proceedings resulted In. little
beyond a vast assortment of objections by
Attorney Johnson. The forenoon was tak
en by the consideration of ¦ the fate of a
red horse. The horse was the creation of
a hypothetical question, which was ar
gued by referee and attorneys and made
use of to illustrate the admissability of
certain testimony of Mrs. Crooks'.
Mrs. Crooks Refuses to Ans-wer.
"Did you ever see any deeds made by
your husband to you?" she was asked.
Attorney Johnson objected and advised
her not to answer, and she didn't. The
red horse was then argued as an abstract
proposition. , This afternoon the animal
was turned out to pasture and the exam
ination continued.
Mrs. Crooks was called to the stand. She
testified that she had been married eight
years. Her property interests were in
charge of Jeremiah Burke and she did not
know of her husband giving her any
property.
J. J. Crooks was next called to the
stand. • His examination started with ref
erence to 9000 shares of stock in the Tuol
umne County Electric Light and Power
Company. These, it developed, had been
turned over to his wife two or three
months ago. ;• The witness testified that
during, the last two or three years he had
borrowed between $110,000 and $150,000 from
Mrs. Crooks and that he had placed this
stock in the safe deposit for her. He told
how he had borrowed sums varying from
$10 000 to $50,000 from her at different -times
as thoush the amounts were merely car
fares. When Mullaney pressed the ques
tions it was further developed that
Crooks now owns no real estate: that all
of his' property " has been- deeded to his
wife by a deed drawn in 1897 by Plaintiff
Grant, who at that time was his attorney.
Mullaney also took a fling at Prince Poci
atowskl. ..'¦¦f~i'f-
"Do you know a Poniatowskl, sometimes
called 'Prince?' " inquired Mullaney.
Concerning a Marble Quarry.
The Prince and others had leased the
marble quarry from Crooks and Paul R,
Jarboe, the defendants. Further question
ing on this subject was headed off by an
objection. The witness was next asked
If he had deeded his New York property.
This his attorney objected to and, though
Referee . Towle ordered it answered.
Crooks, on the advice of his attorney, re
fused to answer. When asked if he owned
any property at all Crooks sarcastically
replied: s
"Yes; I own an equity of redemption in
a valuable marble quarry in Tuolumne
County." ' V ~ -
This washis.fiins at Grant. In conclu
sion Mullaney said:
"So, Mr. Crooks, you are thoroughly,
teetotally and completely bankrupt?"
Attorney Johnson here objected to the
language and for the time being the ex
amination concluded, f
Mullaney asked the referee ( to refer
back to Judge Nicol of "Tuolumne Coun
ty the questions that Crooks refused to
answer and get his ruling as to whether
they were proper or not. For this pur
pose the examination was continued for
three -weeks, by which time Judge Nicol
will have been heard from. If he holds
the questions good— and there are about
200 of them— Mr. and Mrs.' Crooks will
have to answer or be punished for con
tempt, i if-vS^j
Lorenzo Van Geisen Invites
Death by Attacking a,
Neighbor.
0 .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ATJBTJRX, May 4.— Lorenzo Van Geisen,
a pioneer resident, was shot and killed this
morning near his home at Clipper Gap by
"Indian Ed." The Indian came to Auburn
after the shooting and gave himself into
the custody of Sheriff Keena. He refused
to say anything further than that he fired
in self-defense.
William Ragsdale, the only eyewitness
to the shooting, gave the authorities an
account of the tragedy and the causes
leading up to it. He had lost a cow, and
with "Indian Ld." who works for him.
started on horseback in search of ner.
They had traced the animal to Van Gei
sen's ranch. Van Geisen came out with
rifle in hand and ordered them to move on.
They started to go, when Van Geisen lev
eied his rifle at Kagsdale. The Indian re
sented this, jumping from his horse and
taking the weapon away from Van Geisen.
Ragsdale and' the Indian then started
homeward, but had not gone far when
Van Geisen overtook them. After the ex
change of a few words the Indian fired a
shot from the rifle, killing Van Geisen in
stantly. Van Geisen fell from his -horse,
and when he was picked up a cocked pis
tol lay by his eida.
Van Geisen and Ragsdale have been at
enmity for years, and the Indian and Van
Gtisen had had trouble. An Indian named
Dick of Auburn said to-day that "Indian
Ed" had told him that he and Van Geisen
¦would have trouble some day. It seems
that Van Geisen had accused the Indians
of killing hogs and cattle in the neighbor
hood. ¦
Attorney A. K. Robinson of this city has
been retained by the defendant, and it is
predicted that a long and bitter trial will
result. "Indian Ed" was born in Placer
County and is a half-breed. Van Geisen
was a single man, about 50 vears of age.
A brother lived with him. He was a rep
utable citizen, as is Ragsdale. The latter
believes Van Geisen followed him with the
intention of shooting him.
Tragedy.
Feud of Placer County
Ranchers Ends in
INDIAN SHOOTS
EMPLOYER'S FOE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ LOS ANGELES. May 4.— Considerable
apprehension is expressed in some quar
ters that General Harrison Gray Otis has
commandeered the programme committee
Jor the McKinley reception and is to have
things pretty much his own way, which
means, say the fearful, that General Otis
will make the best of the opportunity
to glorify himself and to punish his ene
mies. Even the Governor of the State is
to be snubbed unless some consmitteemen
may yet assert themselves and declare
that the chief executive of the State is
not to be wholly sidetracked.
To-day the programme committee does
not know whether Governor Gage will or
will not be in Los Angeles when the
President comes. Others know that the
Governor and other State officers will,
in a private car provided by the South
ern Pacific, go to the frontier at Yuma
to meet the Presidential party and will
follow the train into Los Angeles.
According to the diagram of ths col
umn formation of the parade from the
Arcade station to the hotel no provision
Is made for a carriage for Governor Gage.
General Otis, in one of his usual ¦"con
sultations" with the programme commit
tee, made a "FUggrestion" as to the proper
formation cf the column. With military
form he drew a diagram showing, after
a platoon of police, the President's car
riage, flanked on either side by twelve
members of the Loyal Legion. Then, at
Intervals of "ten paces." were carriages
for the Cabinet and other members of
the party. Then, according to the Otis j
plan, the Grand Army of the Republic
¦svould follow.
But not a word about the Governor!
Brigadier General Last, who is to be
marshal of the parade, wants to know
"who'n'rll is running the show." He had
promised the Grand Army men that they
should lead the column.
Chairman Ferd K. Rule was asked to
day what disposition was to be made of
Governor Gasre.
"We hP.ve no nd vices that he will be
here at all." said Mr. Rule. "We did get
¦information that he did not intend to be
present, so we made no provision for him.
."When Mr. LeashUa and I meet the Presi
dent r.t Rcdlands we will find out if the
Governor is to be here, and if so we will
wire to the the committee to have a car
riage for Mm."
General Otis Ignores the Ex
ecutive in Reception
Programme.
Given No Place in the
McKinley Parade in
Los Angeles.
GOVERNOR GAGE
NOT CONSIDERED
HARRIMAN PREFERS RATHER TO ACT
THAN POSE FOR PHOTOGRAPHERS
THE features of Edward H. Harri
man, who is looked upon as the
successor of the late Collis P.
Huntlngton In railroad matters in
California, are not as familiar to
the general public as those of the recently
deceased president of the Southern Pacific
Company. ¦ * ¦ . ,
Collis P. Huntington was not averse to
posing before the camera, and it was of
ten possible for an artist j to sketch the
famous financier and secure , a striking
portrait. Mr. Huntington would often ac
commodate newspaper artists and spare
some of his valuable time for a "sitting:."
Not so. however, with Mr. Harriman. He
has declared many times that he will not
be s, subject for the man "who snaps the
shutter." and that his time is too valu
able to allow him to sit in repose long
enough for an artist to transfer his fea
tures tq paper.
Harriman. however, has been conquered
by a disciple of the - kodak. ' Recently,
¦when the railroad magnate and financier
was driving- near his stock farm at Tux
edo, N. T., he was "shot at" with a kodak
camera, and a striking picture was se
cured. The photo printed herewith is the
first of Mr. Harriman ever published on
the Pacific Coaost.
Edward H. Harriman ranks to-day as
one of the powerful pillars in the worlds
15
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUN DA Y, MAY 5, 1901.
5ff*.(Fh patterns including Boyal Wilton, Me Pins Ultra Ax-
il 1 1 minster > Lowell Axminster, Bigelow Axminster, Kg-
I elbw, Lowell, Whittall and other leading brands of
".", Body Brussels carpetings, ranging in value from ;
$1.50 to $2.75 per yard.
'Your choice of entire line,
SEWED, LINED AND LAID,
at the uniform price of ; " /
¦¦Jflfl CARPET RUGS,
S00 Assorted Sizes,
To Close at Greatly Reduced Prices.
Bring Measurements of rooms.
15O ORIENTAL RUGS to dose •
At $5.00,:$7.50 and $10.00 each.
i Regularly sold from $10.00 to $20.00 each.
' Large line of LACE CURTAINS and PORTIERES in odd lots to
'close at ONE-HALF regula r values.
, ' If 'you ! are interested in' household furnishings do not hesi-
tate to make yQurself thoroughly acquainted with our estab-
lishment. . .
Largest stock on the Co ast from which to select. " ' , j - A
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
¦¦¦¦¦'¦ '¦¦¦'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦'.¦ -
Carpets, Furniture, Upholstery.
114-116-118-120-122 Post Street.
DB. EHHEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT.
The Wonderful New Discovery
in Medical Science.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FRE3 BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the eminent
kidney and bladder ' specialist. Is wonder-
fully successful In promptly curing kid-
ney, bladder and uric add troubles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain' or dull ache In the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, nervous-
ness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel or
calculi, bloating-, sallow complexion, puffy
or dark circles under the eyes, suppression
of urine, or compelled to pass water often
day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the
famous new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, Is soon realized. It stands
the highest for Its wonderful cures of the
most distressing cases. If you need a
medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists in fifty-cent and one-
dollar sizes. You may have a sample bot-
tle" of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells all about it. Including
many of the thousands of letters received
from . sufferers cured, both sent free by
mail.- Write Dr. Kilmer & Co», Blngham-
ton, N. T., and please mention that you
read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. v
x— ">>, Strictly Reliable
§g*&i Dr.Talcott
%&l &C0 '
l^|~g®£ Diseases and
s/l^£Fr\^ Weakncs»of.
fTOMEtf ONLY
By far tie moit li«<iTient caaao of imtvoo*
disorders or the male la
A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
Tha Prostate Gland (so-called neck of blad-
der) la a structure -very rich In nerves. "When
the terminations of these nerves are kept tn a.
constant state of excitement, by chronic Inflam-
matory processes. It appears Tery clear that by
transmission of this Irritation to other nerves
the patient may be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of the most varied character. Premature-
ness, Impotency. etc., are not weaknesses, but
symptoms of this Inflammation. We have pre-
pared a colored chart, which we will send. fre«
on application, by which any one Interested can
readily understand why. If he has been treatsd
for a weakness, he has not been cured. W«
particularly solicit this class of cases, and can
promise a speedy cure •without stomach drug-
ging.
09T MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
/&ifi%&c*k or rat her onc thousand of the nobbiest little Sailor Suits that you y
r\jf^ &?tf^y£z$ik ha\t ever seen in all your born days; a broad assertion, aint it?
\£rKA Hf&^ JffZfej&j k ut a f act » nevertheless. , r "•<,
\j^* n||l TtJtiF The- smartest thinKs in those Gray Hopsackinsrs in Sailors; the
3^^ .' /V^^^s. smartest thiners in those fine worsteds in Sailors, in fancy colorings ; f s \y^%
¦prxjyr >J| « /f/^iSpi«k the smartest things in those pretty Scotches in Sailors; some of the sk^&^v^
> CrK/$ /(':¦ A^^&T^S greenish effects amoncr 'em. . P'^M/'Si-
f^iY\ il'i!/'&t/$'.f£ttkL Some sweet effects in Sailors in blue, a thousand in all, and SV^^
\^-S4* I'r /^^Y*J£fe%**k y° u know how we build Sailors, the broad, flarinsr blouse, p^\K5?\;
'/' < %^k\^ r.£5- smart, refined fashions. !^y^v.y!
\4rS<^i iwTS? rayi*!^*!* ? I ! Now here's the broadest assertion we have ever made: there's
''VN Sailors amonc these that are worth $5.00. &,^* J
£y4&^^! w$& Your pick Monday morning, to fit chaps between the acres of r^Sjr >
vK ifygt" r * =s^P:f 3 an<^ I0 > r * ars t at k^*W^
¦ Just for** Ducks KH
K&&4 Pwr^ e w *^ pl acc on sa^ e 5°° pa * rs °* White Linen Duck Trousers, for chaos r%f^^
r Ngjr^l plwSyil between the ages of 4 and 12, made from fine white linen shrunk duck; the most J5T Jj
k^/SSV 1 * r--!1 VhI ridiculous price ever heard for erood duck trousers.
rXy^i "^ ou k now the crood wearing qualities of the Bannockburn Jj^
' ji jl VeVj^^^M^S^iSjS* Scotch Cheviots, in suits to fit chaps between the acres of 7 and
V^^^ Sr^^^^Pi^^^^^fe, I 5' we ave se^ ecte d some of the smartest colorings in this fabric. jiT >
J? j 2|& the smartest colorings shown this season, all bright and snappy
\S?*<jd 03$%l i^^fM. "JlM^ ** *5iv Monday your pick from a glorious assortment, all made with r x^^
'/\/\ <W£$fegffl^i^m|e#^ broad military shoulders, which make the little fellow look so vJL A
C^Lj ! *& f 8^! And lots more of equally attrac- }^&^
Jfc \ tive values In the house. kjLj
M^^ " JlHCOKPOMATED UNION SquARC Ave w tnter ai " > " kjPPORTLAND, Or., May 4.— In the United
States court to-day ln tho matter of the
Wolff & Zwicker Iron Works, Judge Bel
linger made an order allowing the motion
of certain of the creditors to have the
property thrown • into the bankruptcy
court. - The Wolff & Zwicker Iron Works
built the torpedo boat Goldsborough, now
awaiting her official trial on Puget Sound.
borough.
of the Torpedo-Boat Golds-
Financial Difficulties of the Builders
IBON WORKS COMPANY
GOES INTO BANXBTTPTCrX
The concerns of Pittsburg and vicinity
that are In the association are the J. D.
Russell Shovel Company, with works at
Aliqulpha; Husey, Binns & Co., works at
Charleroi: F. H. Meirs & Co., Beaver
Fulls, and Hubbard & Co., Lawrencevllle.
PITTSB URG, - Pa. , May 4.— An attempt
is being made now to unite,, the shovel
making concerns of the country into a
combine that may become known as the
American Shovel and Tool Company,
which will have a capital of $10,000,000 and
start into business equipped with a New
Jersey charter. If the project is success
ful all of the fourteen concerns that are
now in. the business will be included and
headquarters will' be established in New
York. The combine will have Its largest
works ln the Pittsburg district, with other
large ones in Boston and Chicago.
Business.
Fourteen Big Concerns in the
Attempt Being Hade to Unite the
; OP A2T OTHER NEW TB.TXST
'The unfortunate ' man had attemoted to
remove some obstruction in the boxing,
when his fott slipped and he was slowly
drawn into the wheels. His screams for
help were drowned in the roar of the ma
chinery and It was ~ not until the cog
wheels - had crunched against his -thigh
bones that the machinery stopped. His
legs were ground to 1 a pulp. Whippier
is supposed to have a ¦ •later Ilvtnjr ln
Seattle. --.
RICHFIELD.^Utah, May 4.— The big
screen machine belt of the Annie" Laurie
mine flew off early this morning. When
the engineer and his assistants attempted
to put It back they heard groans from
the screen room above arid * on investiga
tion found Martin Whippier in the cogs
of the big. Rear wheels up to his thighs.
Whippier died after being extricated.
One of the Employes Is
Caught in the Heavy
Machinery.
Terrible Accident Re
ported at a Mine
in Utah.
WHEELS CRUSH
HIM TO DEATH
'••• ¦, ,• ¦'...-¦..
Will B«elgn During the Forthcoming
Street Fair in San ' Ber- ' ;•
nardino.
san Bernardino; '¦-¦ May 4.— miss
Marie ; Stephenson,' a ¦ popular and pretty
society girl, has been elected queen of the
San Bernardino Street Fair. ' She received
more than 51,000 votes. : The contest was
instituted two. weeks ago, and. no 'event
this -year -has created - so ; much interest.
Miss Stephenson was the candidate of the
Santa Fe Railway employes. Her maids
of honor will be chosen next Tuesday. /
MISS STEPHENSON
IS ELECTED QTJEBN
. : MONTEREY, ; May : 4.— The Monterey li
brary has Just received a^valuaijle gift' of
a f number -'of historical ( works ; from J.. B.
R." Cooper of this city, son of the late pio
neer/ Juan B.-- H. Cooper ; of San -Francis
co.-'The. books are handsomely bound and
comprise -.the ¦. largest an<1 , most '. valuable
donation yet received by . the , library. . ;
Gift to. Monterey Library.
GOOD. YIELD/ OF OIL . J
7 -.ffl A PETROLTA WEXL
Strike Mads in the First Sole Sunk
« In the Humboldt ,.
Field, _'- y j";
-• EUREKA, May ."' 41— Word cam© from
Petrolia to-day that the cap was , removed
f row '•> the Mclntosh well,^ one mile from
that ' town, , and 1500 ' feet of oil ] was 'found
in the hole. A small pump .was . put < at
work; • but ¦ the : amount of > oil '.was: not di
mlnished.as it came In as fast as It was
taken out. • ; It cannot be ¦ told ; what the
well will v yield iuntil a kvrger pump ; can
be got - into i operation. ; This is ; the ; first
well bored "in the" Humboldt field, and Is
now 'down to a depth of 1700 feet. - It will
be bcred deeper. • --. ¦ • «
Must Pay a Fine for Crime.
MOMBASA, May 4. — The Bulaland expe
dition has occupied Ofuda. The Sultan
has agreed- to pay a fine for the murder
of A. C. Jenner, British Sub-Commissioner
and Vice Consul, who was killed in No
vember last during a night attack on his
camp by .. professedly friendly ; natives
while he was on a tour ¦ inland with a
small force. •:>-„.* ;
WASHINGTON, May 4.— A dispatch
from Admiral Kempf to the Navy De
partment brought word that the gunboat
Bennington would be detached from the
Asiatic station and would sail for the
United States on July 1, following the
Petrel. This is a movement in the gen
eral - reduction of the fleet in Asiatic
waters which has been going on for some
time. Both ships will come to Mare Isl
and and undergo repairs.
*. ¦ ' , -'¦'. , ~ ™ ,r '. '
WARSHIPS IN ORIENT
TO START FOR HOME
Petrel and the Bennington Will Be
Here Soon to Have Repairs
Made.
A year ago Mrs. I Wallace, who was
about 55 years of, age, eloped with Hoyt
who was only 35. They returned to Wal
lace's home last fall and the wife was
taken back by her husband. Hoyt again
began working on the farm. Recently
Hoyt has been Importuning Mrs. Wallace
to elope with him again, but she refused
A bitter ¦ quarrel • started to-night and
Hoyt was ordered to leave the house by
both Wallace and his wife. He refused to
go and Wallace stepped Into another
room, presumably to get a gun. - As soon
as he left the room Hoyt shot Mrs.-Wal
lace, the ball killing her instantly. Wal
lace then rushed into ¦ the room. As he
did so Hoyt shot at him, but the bullet
went wild. Wallace then shot and' killed
Hoyt. , . :. • , ¦ •. . ,
Wallace is not yet under arrest, but is
at his home awaiting the arrival of the
Sheriff.
LITTLE FALLS, N. T., May 4.-A
double murder occurred | ln the town of
Warren, near Richfield Springs, to-night.
The victims were Benjamin Hoyt and
Mrs. John C. Wallace. .'Hbyt murdered
Mrs. Wallace and was afterward shot by
Wallace/Wallace is a. wealthy farmer
and Hoyt was employed-by him as a hired
man.
Terrible Double Tragedy
at Night in a Farm
house.
HUSBAND KILLS
THE MURDERER
wounded three have surrendered and 260.
000 rounds of small arms ammunition, 100
wagons and 130 horses have been captured
since last report."
BOERS RALLYING
FOR BIG BATTLE
Delarey's Force May-
Soon Be Attacked
by the British.
' JOHANNESBURG, May 4.— General De
larey. the Boer commander, now has 4000
or E000 men ln the hills around Hartbees
tcfonteln. General Bablngton. in com
mand of the British forces ln the district.
Is without a sufficient force to attack and
is observing the Boers, while Generals
Methuen and Rawilnson are converging
hither. A battle appears imminent.
LONDON, May 4.— The War Office has
received the following report from Lord
Kitchener, under date of Pretoria, May 3:
"Ten Boers have been killed,* three
SANTA ANA; May 4.— The local commit
tee has all arrangements well in hand for
the State Christian Endeavor Convention,
which is to be held here. June 13-16. It is
expected that fully 1000 young from
all sections of the State will be present.
The delegation from Northern California
will arrive shortly after noon on, June 13
by special train.
The Santa Ana Blade, during conven
tion week, will be edited by Rev. J. Hern
don Garnet, a prominent Baptist minister,
who is a pastor here at present. He has
held pastorates in Oakland, San Jose and
Los Angeles. At one time he went over
to the Unitarian faith, but a year later
returned to the Baptists. , .
Arrangements as to entertainment, meet
ing places, publicity, etc., are in charge of
young people of this city, and right well
havo they done their work. For the first
time in the history of the State the head
of a local committee is a young lady, and
its work will be done better than ever be
fore. The committee consists of the fol
lowing members: Miss Jessie G. Flook,
chairman; B. F. Morehouse, vice chair
man; H. S. Peabody, secretary; W. T.
Chaff ee, financial secretary; M. M. Crook
ohank, treasurer; H. W. Lewis, reception;
C. S. Crookshank, registration; A. H.
Thomas, entertainment; Rev. J. Herndon
Garnet, pulpit supply; J. D. Hankey, halls
and place of meeting; Herbert J.' Cleaver,
finances; Miss Ella M. Chaff ee,' music; F.
M. Conner, decorations; R. L. Freeman,
printing; Miss Cecilia E. Cotter, ushers;
M1S3 IdaM. Dawes,j>ress. . 7,. C
OP INTEEEST TO THE COAST.
Changes In the Postofflce Department
and Issue. of Pensions.
WASHINGTON, , May 4.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postoffice established: California—
Ellisworth, San Joaquin County, Fritz J.
Holm, Postmaster. . Postmasters commis
sioned: California— George H. McMillan,
Lamesa; Washington— Florence Lawrence,
Lisabuela. Postmaster appointed— T. J.
Andrews Oysterville, Pacific County,. vice
S.-T. Andrews/removed..
These pensions were issued: to-day: Cal
ifornia—Increase—Joseph vBonney, San
Francisco. $10; James S. Brobst, Veterans',
Home, Napa, $10.' Original widows—Fan
nie H. Burton, Los Angeles,' $12. .
-Washington—Original—Frederlck Prouty,
New Whatcom, $8; Nathaniel Morris,
Pomeroy, $10. - Additional— Leslie H. Pep
per, New Whatcom, $8. -Increase— Daniel
Rose, Seattle, $10. .
Santa Ana Preparing for the Coming
of Young Christians ln
. ; June. ¦
STATE CONVENTION
OF THE ENDEAVOBEBS
SAN JOSE, May 4.— Charles F. Crill of
Kansas Is tiring of his restraint and, to
make It more so. for Mr. Crill, comes the
resolution of Sheriff Langford this after
noon to take the suspect' off exhibition
and confine him in a cell. Everybody :1s
about satisfied that "Crill is Crill,". and
the callers to see him diminished consid
erably to-day. «
Soimo strong: evidence was, brought out
this afternoon to show that the- suspect
had passed a winter with his uncle, David
R. Crill, at Flagg Station, 111., as he said
he had some twenty years ego. , Mrs. C.
L. Fosgute, who as Miss Jennie Leonard
had -been raised there, but la now a-rest
dent of Alvlso, called at the Jail and ques
tioned Crill as to the people of Flagg Sta
tion. These questions he answered with
out any hesitation ' and mentioned 'many
Incidents of which no one else could have
known. Mm Fosarate was well acquaint
ed with his uncle, and to her he described
the uncle — a short, old man, with bald
head and no beard, and who lived In the
biggest house in the town. His descrip
tion satisfied Mrs. Fosgate, and she was
fully convinced Crill had been there, when
the conversation turned to the Glass fam
ily, whom Crill mentioned.' The question
er knew Bessie Glass, and when Crill
mentioned "the eirl no one ever saw,"'
Mrs. Fossate was sure the man she was
talking to was none other than the Char
lie , Crill she had heard and seen at
Flagg. Station. She said thaf David R.
Crill and wife, who were wealthy, had no
children, and when the nephew came there
to make his home gossip In the little burg
had declared he would be the heir to the
estate. Mrs. • Fosgate declared that he
was there at the time he claimed to be, or
he would have known nothing of Jennie
Glass, the hiding girl, of whom they had
spoken. This girl, who was in her teens,
was . shy and would never see any one.
When a person approached the house
she would run and hide. Crill' s caller
had been an Intimate friend of the fam
ily, yet she "had never been near enough
to the girl to speak to her. Very few
knew there was such a member of the
Glass family.
Everett Snell. who saw and spoke to
Dunham above Smith Creek thirty-six
hours after the crime, called at the Jail
to-day. He did not believe Crill was Dun
ham, although he would not say posi
tively. .
This morning Crlll received the follow
ing letter from Mrs. Firman at Santa
Cruz, offering to aid in his identification
if necessary: ¦ .
C. F. Crlll,' San Jose, Cal.— Dear Sir: My
daughters, Floy Firman and Josle Firman,
and myself knew you for a short time In
Pueblo and instantly recognized your plcturo
In the papers. You may not remember, us, but
we ara not far from you, and- If we can be
of any help to you let us know, we are very
eorry to hear of your trouble. Yours truly,
MRS. HELEN FIRMAN.
Santa Cruz. May 3, 190L
District Attorney Campbell has advised
Sheriff Langford to still hold Crill, as he
is hot convinced the man is not Dunham.
As soon as Crill is confined In a cell it is
believed he will demand his release
through his attorney. No charge has yet
been- placed against him, and it will then
be necessary to either arraign him or let
him go. « .'"
The fact that there Is a supposed Dun
ham here in Jail has not stopped the am
ateur detectives ¦. 4n -. their, hunt for the
Campbell murderer.^- To-day two- more
suspects were reported to the Sheriff. One
is herding sheep iir Oregon and the other
one In the South... <The . man arrested at
Talledaga, Ala., was; ordered released to
•Mrs". J. A. Fisher, of 1S5 North Ninth
street of this city, who lived at- Flagg
station . when CrUl was there, positively
identified Crill this evening. Mrs. Fisher
carried with her half a dozen photographs
of persons living at Flagg station twenty
years ago. . These were shown Crill, one
at a time, and in each instance he told
the names of the originals. -
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
More Evidence Accrues to
' Prove That He Is Not
Dunham. \#
Sheriff Langford Decides
to Confine Him in
: 0 a Cell. *v
SUSPECT CRILL
WILL BE CAGED
THE SAN ITKAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 5, 1901
16
ADVEBTISElttENTS.
OGBA2T TRAVEL.
NOME; "'
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc.
S. S. VALENCIA,
J. IX. LANE. Master.
WO Lun SAN FRANCISCCV
MAY 24, 1901, ¦
And Seattle
MAY. 30, 1901.
For passage and freight apply to
r PlCIHC-STEAffl-WfiAllNG CO..
SO CALra-ORNIA STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Tester way. Seattle.
Golofoin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller _City. s
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HKJGIN3. Master.)
Leaves Sao Francisco on or
abont May 20th, yia Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
For passage or freight rates call or address
H. R. D TIFFIN 1 , Agent.
CIS Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel.
i SAN FRANCISCO.
NORTHERN CC1DIEECUL C03IP.1N!.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
Bailing Dates Approximate Only.
From San Francisco:! From Seattla:
•"Dora" May lfMay 7. . >
"Conemangh" ..May 25 June 10.
"Portland" .....May 25 ~. .».«~-
"St. Paul" June II June S.
¦"Dora" will sail via Junean. Taldes, Kodlak.
Unga and Unalaska.
For rates of passage, freight and other par*
tlculars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
HO Sansome st.. San Francisco.
I Passenger and Freight Str. H*
"JOHN 8. KIMBALL." H '
TELLES.GOLOFHINBAT.POKTClABSSCrS U
SAILS MAT 23th. £J
COyKLIN A CO.. C67 Market St. g
N. A. X. <fe X. CO.
TELLER. ST. MICHAEL and all YUKON
RIVER POINTS. -_¦
From San Francisco.
SS ROANOKE Sails May 13
SS- SANTA ANA Sails
i For tickets or freight space -write or apply
UNION TICKET OFFICE.
' ,h.;: 630 Market St.. 9. F._
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 P- n»..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No . cargo received on board on
day of sailing. __,
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29. »«
SS. HOXGKONG MARXT. Saturday, June Zi 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.-Wednesday. July K I? 01
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ornce.
421 Market street, comer First. .
t W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAOHIB 6KIKRHE TB1N31TLA5TIQOB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
' Sailing every Thursday. Instead °'jS^jjS2
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -,__,
North River, foot of Morton street. J^*, !£
to Havre, J53 and upward. Second cia""
Havre. $45 and upward. GENERA^ AGt*i-i
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA, J-
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tor VMont-
FUGAZI A. CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, '^"i 1
comery avenue, San Francisco. Ticket* su«» -* ,
all Railroad Ticket Agents. .-W
OCEAN TRAVEL £g
Pacific cCoast. Steamship Co.
FOR
feNOME
GOLDFIELDS.
THE ¦ STEAMSHIP
GITY OF PUEBLA
Will Ball
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting" at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid - Steamship .
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, ( being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, .mishap or material . delay.- -— - ¦—--*
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
• 4 New Montgomery street. • ".'
. GOODAX.L, PERKINS & CO.. Gen.' Agts..
• • ¦• ' 10 Market street-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a -">,./ ... Steamers leave -Broadway
N^".'. , - wharf, San Francisco:
*M3»ii.- For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
Kfi^Nv. Ma y *• 6 - "• 18 - 21 - 28> 3U
r<^*Kjirin»fc June 5. Change to cotnpanya
ISaT KXiVf^ steamers at Seattle.
l^vSlS«^riI For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
f^HcS^I* C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^*<sSiM*?M Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
**¦ and New 'Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. May 1, 6. 11. 18, a.
28, 31, June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for thla company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humfcoldt Bay— 1:30 p. in.. May
8, 8, 13, IS, 23, 28, June 2, and tvery fifth day
thereafter: _ "
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
peles) — Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
Bast San Pedro (IjOS Angel«a) and Newport—-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer B>
nlta,' Tuesdays, 9 a. m. ' ¦-;
! For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Pan Jose del
: Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, Las Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas.(Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th , each
For further Information obtain cotnpanj^s^
folders. .
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing, dates and hours of sailing
•without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFTCE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •¦¦' -
GOODALL, PKPKTNS & CO.. Gen. Agfa..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Onlv Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or., ,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
- points East. Through tickets to all
points, all raV «r stenns'im and rail, at
—LOWEST RATES! .
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
PS COLUMBIA '. Sails May 3
SS GEO. W. ELDER •• Sails May 8
D. "W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.. S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YOBK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOTOOW, PAKI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
St. Louis... May 151 St. Paul June 19
Bt. Paul..,. May 291 St. Louis June W
fit Louis.'. June 51 St. Paul July 10
BED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
¦ From New Tork Kvery "Wednesday, 13 noon. ¦
Southwark May 15- Zeeland Jane 5
Pennland May Ml Frlesland .......June 12
Kensington May 291 Southwark June 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
.* CHAS. D. TAYLOR, '
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
SS. SIERRA (via Honolulu)' for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia J
'.:....'• Thursday, May 9, 10 aV m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)... „
'..'. Saturday, May 18 10 al m
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti..........!'..
..•........: ...Sunday, June 30, at 4 p.m.
I. D.SPRECKELS & BR9S. CO., Basra! Unmls, 327 Harht St
Sen'l Passenger 018a, 543 Market St., Pier Ma. 7, Pacffis St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA ~"E VAPO1B P .
To Valparaiso, - stopping at Mexican. Central
!£JtvL£v l S?- m -- Sallla * Fremoat -
PERU May 3IPALENA ... May SO
GUATEMALA...May 13ILOA .............Jute 12
T^ e «l, B^ an J erS 3 re bullt expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 318 California street •*
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE ff CO.' alt. Agents.
PANAMA R.R, 1%™"
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
,. . »1O5; Steerage. «4O.
6.6. Argyll sails Saturday, May 11
6.8. Leclanaw sails Monday, Juno 3
8. S. Argyll ; galls Monday. Juno 24
_- From Fremont-street "Wharf at 2 p. m.
» Sh i an £ PaBsenger office, 330 Market st. .
, P. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND , RIVER STEAMERS.
Stoarner .VMontlceHo."
MON.-TUES., "WED.. THURS.AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Tbnrs-
da" night); Fridays, 1 p.m."' and 8:30; Sundays'
10:30 a. m., 8 p. in. landing and of flee. Mis-
*lon-st Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1503.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Dfi. HALL'S RtlNYIGOfiATOR^^SB
Five hundred reward for any ftSfEP™ttC£l
case we cannot cure. This secret EpsS EaSEI
remedy stops all losses ln 24 hours, H W
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- PpiS EgM
cocele, Gonorrhea. Gleet, Fits, r»*M S*ffl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all liUJ ti'l'J
wasting effects of self-abuse or EKjjf E§@
excesses. Sent sealed, {2 bottle; 3 E22£*aEL22«8
bottles, ?5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855
Broadway, Oakland; CaL Also for sale at 10T3U
Market St., S. F. All private diseases quickly
DR.ASANDEN. 6-O'Farrell Street/ San Francisco,: Cala.
Office Hours, 9 to 6 ; Wed. and Sat Evenings until 9. Sundays 10 to x.
My latest invention, the Dr. Sanden Herculex Body Battery 1901
Model, with snspensory, cures weak men, 1 results of youthful errors, Im-
potency, Nervousness, Lame Back, Varicocele, eto* Other attachments
used . by women as well for Rheumatism, Stomach, ; Bladder /Troubles, etc
" Herculex" is worn comfortably around' the waist at night, curing while
you Bleep. Great improvement over ordinary electric belts, though I still
make the regular Dr. Sanden Electric Belt (imitated by others)'and
either that or my new " Herculex" will be sent to sufferers on sixty days'
FREE TRIAL WITHOUT ONE CENT IN ADVANCE OR ON DEPOSIT. Call personally
at my office for free consultation or, write to-day sending symptoms. My
descriptive book sent sealed free by mail. : V :
Dr. Sanden's ELECTRIC BELT
a and Electric Herculex
FREETRML
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
9 1051UASZ£T8T.1»t.6±ft7t]i,S.rCal.
Y . ' Qr^ TKe Largest Anatomlctl Museum In the
O am jPc mv. orlt^- Weaknesses or any contracted
V JCc|!m disease poaitlvrl jr eared by the oldest
Q JW Sk|| Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years.
> |^^ft OR* JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
i »^^?&2 Consultation free and strictly prirate.
6 a ivfeo. b$ Treatment personally or by letter. A
\ H ff *\ 8} Positive dire in erery case undertaken. .
Am V II B Write for Boole. PBlLONOraV of
?If P D»nBIA«E, MAILED FREE. ( A
¦A' -«(J ¦ - »aluable book for mrn)
f DB. JORDAN « CO., 1051 Market St., S. P.
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, in paper
covers, is sent free on receipt of 21 # one-
cent stamps to pay expense <jf mailing
only: Address Dr. %,,V.' Pierce, Buf-
falo, N. Y.
'• ¦ {: •. • -
Is doubtless the highest human good.
It is especially so to women, to whom it
means the preservation of beauty, hap-
piness in the home, and the enjoyment
of social duties..'. There can. be no good
health v. f o r a n y~ j/ I ... Ma ..j ». .«.;;.
woman who suf- gjsSrjffljjffiSfilEBiBB'&i*
fers from woman- ilgB^tBB^fMMwEjwE
heals inflamma-
tion and ulceration, and cures female
weakness. It gives good health . to
women, which means tranquil nerves, a
good appetite and sound sleep.
. «I was a great sufferer two year* ago with
female trouble and I wrote to yon for advice,"
says Mrs. Mattie Hays, of Tribulation, McDonald
Co., Missouri. "You outlined a course of treat-
ment for me. ' I followed your directions, and
now feel like a different • person. - I . never
expected to hear from you when I wrote to you.
In three days after I commenced taking your
medicines I began to feel better. I took twenty
dollars' worth of the ' Favorite Prescription '
and ' Golden Medical Discovery.' I bought it
five dollars' worth at a time, and also four vials
of Dr. Pierce's Pellets. I would not take one
thousand dollars for the good the medicine has
done me. ¦ I can't praise it enough. I 'wish all
who suffer with such troubles would give Dr.
Pierce's medicines a fair trial. I can work all
day— doing anything, walk where I please, and
feel good, i Many thanks to you for your kind
advice." ¦ • * ¦ ¦ '¦ - • _^'.
ADVEETISEMENTS. - . '¦./'_:'-¦'¦ __'_'¦_
I AN IMPORTANT MAY SALE. 1
On wr^n^Tit of the backwardness of the season, importers' and manufacturers' stocks have not moved -«
Sr: rapidly enough to suit them, and some of them decided to take their losses now. Our Eastern buyer has =3
ZZ been very fortunate in making several great purchases of good seasonable merchandise, which we place -3
S-- on sale, beginning to-morrow, at lower prices than equal qualities have ever been shown. 3j«
§j MORE UNPARALLELED SILK VALUES. |§
% 65c Colored Taffetas ™- °^£L?£ v l^r%l°^ COLORED DRESS GOODS BARGAINS, g
{^~ 39fi Yard values have never been , offered In this An offering of seasonable fabrics that can be found here In • m^m
y— *>"»• cTty. Over 2000 yards genuine Swiss Taf- all the desirable colorings at the lowest prices. ;^
ZZ 'eta Silk. In over twenty different beauUful changeable color- IILWaaI IlhatrflW 3S-lnch Wool Crepe Albatros*. an extra -^
Z= tare; rood quaUty.' Regular price 65c. While they QQ C A11-H001 AlDaiTObS q Ua i lt y ( ln a u the new shades. Including
ST* lest Yard «»/v . 50fi Yard Old Rose > Tan. Bluet. Gray, Pink. Light — m
jg CR» and 7R/» QUlr Thl« U Indeed a sensational Bale right In v ¦ Blue, New Blue. Cardinal, Cadet, £Sf|f»
g" O»«» UlU IUO OUft. the very height of the season. About 1500 Cream and Black. Special at..... ..Tmti UUt _3
&Z FOnlaitlS 48C Yard, g" 11 '' » n "I 18 oollecUon of 24-inch AH Silk Sflk-Finfch RatktA All-wool Silk Finish Batiste, that soft
ZZ Foulards, ln Navy, Green. Violet. Old OUL-rilllSfl BdllMB cllngins material the most popular dress 13
5= Bob*. Gray. Cardinal and Black and V.Tilte; all this season's $4 00 Yard . material this season; ln new shades, of
¦T" best designs; e\-ery yard worth S5c and 7oc. AQn »i.«w-iaiu. Reseda Green, New Blue. Cadet, Biscuit,
m^ Aolce ; Yard "tvjw Tan^ Cardinal. Cornflower ltlue. Old Rose. etc. Spe- <Kf» | .00
J*" 7R« Riort B7ld WWtfl Genuine Swiss Dress Silks in several size dal value at Yard.*!'* —
S= mw M » J checks ln Black and White so stylish for All-Wool rtplirfpttfl 100 pieces 38-lnch All-wool Henrietta. .In \ -ji
TZ SlllK 50C Yard. dresses and waists; a splendid ouallty All'HOOl Henrietta coIo ft ng8 of O ld Rose, Reseda Green. Navy. .
mpZ and excellent value at <5c On PtA C SOC Yard. ' Cadet. Cardinal, Bluet. Tan. Brown and
sale at Yard «JVTV/. uuv iwu. . evening shades; a regular 65c Kflr US
$t75 and $L50 Black Silk S o £i?°£l quallty - °" " 1 * at •r-%;:;;:-^ ° U^
JE Grenadines $1.18 Yard. x. a GREAT REMNANT SALE i nff
£ !^J!?S£±^^^^^^ 3 Ull OF BLACK GOODS. 3 Ul! 3
This is a big- bargain story, quickly told. Of course, they
HI nc*» Dl iri/ XAI7t717TA »f3, vion *" remnants aad It's lmperatlva that we olos» them out at ~^
S= •; V3C DLALIV I All LI A / jC TAKU. once. Over 300 remnants ln this great lot, from S to 6 yards ln z£
~~ . length, comprising this season's choJoest goods, such as -—»
e^. For Monday only, we offer 20 pieces genuine Black Swiss Cheviots, Cashmeres, Venetians, Prunellas, Serges, Veilings and -g
S- 5*U«ta, a highly lustrous black, elegant quality. 22 'TQ r » Plerolas, which must be closed out at 1-3 off the regular selling -^
*-- laches wia«; resmlar r»rio» 95o a. yard- On sale at.. Yard C OV price. This wlll be a great saving opportunity to buy a skirt. -4
J5£ ICon* Bold by the plcoe. waist or even dress lengtb. - : ¦.¦-¦¦- =3
|j OUR MAY SALE OF HOUSEFURNISH1NGS. 3
m— __ Tbia mJ« means m. great Baring for prudent housekeepers. Hotels and Restaurants In- Table Linen, Towtls. Napkins. Sheets, TS$
Pfflow Casne. Comforters and Bedspreads. Borne great bargains will be offered beginning to-morrow, and we know you . will I "3
5-^ be interested la them. Below we quote only a few of the many specials. j3
•^ \(\r> EACH— Linen Hack Towels, good C1-35 EACH— 6 cases extra heavy A splendid purchase of M0 pun Linen — m
ZZ * v *^ quality, sire 17XS2; worth 15c t{>» Honeycomb Bedspreads, Marseilles Table Cloths (German manufacture) has SJJ
«»— f a ~, EACH— 200 doaen heavy Linen patterns, full size; regular value $1 75. been made at one-third less than actual «^|
*T" l'TW Huck Towels red, white and blue slay sale 91.3S value because they came without napkins
36E: borders; slie 13x36; regular value »2 Z5 to match. .They are splendid quality. In ¦ m^ m
JT* down. May sale at 14c <gf.95 EACH-« cases extra large size ver y choice designs and come In . three --a
OPZ~ EACH-100 doxen Fine Hem- O * Marseilles Quilts, in very choice Bl2es - Note the extremely low prices: :
g**~ stitched Linen Huck Towels, ex- patterns; regular $2 50 quality. May <l? | .67> EACH— Size 2x2 yards; regular '"*
m— tra large size. S3x42; regular value $4 60 "al* fjl.»5 €J> 1 , price $2 85. ' r ¦ -^B
ZZ dozen. May sale 25c Each _,..-_ _.-_ ,. _ „, ,. ei.»5 EACH— Size 2xSH yards; regular =3
S IHr TARD-50 pieces 46-lnch Bleached gl^f cSSSrtS^nU wuh ™.S > -wS prlce n 75 ' SS
•p; quality. May sale lue Tard ?1 M comf(>rter . May $1.18 *+'¦*' price $3 60. .
,.9 S*" 5 ?" 11 *- '"T*^? 11 '?,* w^ ln « Cri-OS DOZEN-200 dozen 23-lnch square low^Ms'at^leBs^ha^esenrmlll^rlcesT 3
ZZ. quallty; below present mill prices. O* All-LJnen Damask Napkins, in Tr OTrima< , ' s», M t. M» m «»u^h<.rt
It! Qr TARD-AU-Unen Checked Glass choice patterns; regular value $2 00. May He X B £gj > Hemstitched.
•*_ OV> Toweling. 19 inches wide; regular eaJ « $1.65 Dozen ' "i%t 2|x90 52o ~^»
i2%c quality. May 6 aie oc Yard dozen 250 do«n 26-mrh ah 4bc.:::::::::::72x9o::::::::::::o9c ¦ ©oo
fc: O4/» EACH-Brtia heavy large size $2—^n^fl^klns Ixtrl lood ouV " *Zc> 81x90 OBc. -J
*£. value $3 75 dozen. May sale 24c Each $2.33 Dozen dm i (\\vp iccc CPFflAI <5 3
•-- QJ8r» EACH— 5. cases Honeycomb Bed- FILLUWLAaL3 artCIAL^. -^
wOV spreads. large size. hemmed £JO/-» TARD— «0 pieces 68-lnch Bleached lOc each, 100 dozen; slse 4SxS6 Z2£
S-. ready for use; resular $125 quallty. May V»€7V* Table Damask, good quality: . 12V>e each, 120 dozen; size 50x88
f^- sale at , .....98c worth $100 yard. May sale 69c Yard 15c each, 100 dozen; size 54x36 -*g
m^— - - *¦ «« mmm^ m „^^ ____ ._ __ _ ' <l
S^: faet tlack; elies 5 to J^jBt *r^ colors of navy, brown, -JS
a Epecial Bale Monday l '^^5^W||}T. , yitHJi^Mii 1 JJAV^l^^' «c a piece. On spe-
E A SPECIAL SALE FOR 3 DAYS OF EXTRAORDINARY OFFERINGS IN BEAUTIFUL SUMMER WASH
E UNINGS AND DRESSMAKERS' LACES AND TUCKIXGS. . FABRICS.
SUPPI IES The enormous iaee selling witnessed here <-v , lr . ~ ¦¦ , . . . .
Z= ourrnw. the pMt two week8 wlll be renewed to-mor- Our Wash Goods have always been .
fc: |Q/* TAHD— Best quallty Sateen "Waist row with more Interest than ever. Some recognized as the choicest and dain- =33
•»— IOC Ldnlng; all colors and black. Regu- very clever purchases enable us to offer you f - . • <- Franrisrrk Thie Honart *""•
•— lar price 25c the greatest bargains ln this city. The of- uesl ln 3an *Tanci$CO. iniS depart-
I q^ TARD-Best quality 18-mch French 1^^^ ment carries more than double the -.^
\B !, d S S e^.- b0neHalrClotlu He *' SSiioSrSi- i^rtio^airin^the^ry assortment of past seasons, and the
UIar P rtee soc y*" 1 - choicest and best designs. crowded aisles and eaprer buyers are ZS
5= 12C I^Sr^^^yu^i^S. EXTRA MAY SPECIALS. proofs that our prices are always the. =3;
g- lar price 20c yard. Ptfkc YARD— 100 pieces Pine Venice and lowest. ¦ ZZ£
ZZ Ckr- PAIR— Good quallty Nainsook and «JVrW Ecru Galloon Bands and Inser- . ¦¦.-,¦ ¦¦ , •; -. - .-..:' • "2
¦ mt— *J^ Btocklnette Shields; all sizes. Regu- tlons. Worth $L00 yard. - TYTDA MAV CDrriilC
ZZ lar prices 20c and We . . O^r* YARD-100 pieces' Arabian^ and ' ., LAIKA-WAI 3rLUAL&..v: ..^-^
S= O/-» TARD— Very serviceable Corduroy Galloon Bands and Inser- H« w f T l n p.Ji am o 600. pieces choicest Ameri-- 3
ZZ <*^ Skirt Binding, aU colors and black, tlons. Worth 60c yard. . ¦ • «eW WQgMlllS can Z ephyr Ginghams In US
m^ (Regular price 6c yard. Rf\r> TARD-1000 yards Cluster, and dOcYoTd. , beautiful stripes, checks :^
¦Sft». (-* DOZEN— French Horn Bones. Regn- **vf^/ Solid Tucked Victoria Lawn Tok- ' . ,.. . and plain ..colorings; exact.. 33
— — tjSJ lar price 10c dozen. ings. 'Worth 75c yard. copies of the foreign 25c and S5c Ginghams;. —^
ZZ 7K r TARD-10OO yards Fancy Lace and warranted fast coIom. Special.... lOc yard
»" urw rATTAV CHIDT U/llCTC , w J^ ck ,^- Nal " sook » n< » Lawn Tuck- T-jM, TJirnftv A new "hiument of 200 pieces
eg-. NEW COTTON SHIRT WAISTS. Worth $L2a yard. H'aJ VIWUJ Irlgn oimitles. the finest as- --»
JT* Hundreds of beautiful styles ln white and 'V- r Y TDA~«rriAI IWi. 8 ° rt . men > « ver fhown. In all Uw|S3
fc colored Cotton Shirt Waists, as well as a EXTRA SPECIAL. - ; . --pretty dots, stripes and scroll _—
S %"?}?'*?* ,af«ortment of Linen HO dozen Ladles' Fancy Handkerchiefs, «rd 'SDeclaJ^t colorings; worth 25c. 3
Waists In plain, hemstitched and embrol- scalloped embroidered. lace trimmed Special at 15c yard
mr- dered effects have been received. The larg- hemmed and embroidered; slightly soiled f T raoq Tin on 100 pieces fine Grass Linen, the '=3
i^tw?ii5 0 Ji n 2SJP 1^ te Jf IIBO ? inen V, B 5 ow 2 Jr° m T iRAovr and Bhow «"splay: regular "Pi 1^ 611 most desirable linen fabric; ln -^
~ iaxn??'^^* m P rtc «"*« m SI' 00 »o "d 25c goods. On sale at |7 r 25C Yard. dot, stripe and scroll effects.
m~. . 5Q.5O to Each tpa Each 1(C ""«*"«• • On special sale at.... SBo yard -33
S ENORMOUS M^Y SALE OF SILK DRESS SKIRTS, WAISTS, PETTICOATS. %
¦ p^bfic^e^^onaertuVralu'es"* 1 * 8 in tW " department Is a "Plendld indorsement of the untiring efforts we have put forth to give -Zmm
£ $30.00 and 525.00 Silk £ a ?*g>£ u «^ $2.25 Mercerized Sateen *%**%« g£ A SPECIAL $6.50 SILK WAIST. 3
fc: DreSS Skills $18.50 EaCh. gklrts. made of SkirtS S1.48 EaCh. ever offered: To-morrow we display an elegant assort- 32
•*"* r m * x> a a • ? ,* *? ara - at '** i v «""»• m a d e of extra ™ent of new Peau de Sole and Taffeta Silk r*
«^_ Taffeta, Peau de Sole, tucked and plain, with quality Mercerized Italian Cloth, cut Waists, ln various styles and all the- new ~Z2
Jp; net and chiffon ruffles and skeleton drop extra wide and well made, ln colors of Navy, colorings and black; a perfect fitting waist.
to— enect; snown for the nrst time to-morrow; Purple, Green, Red and Black; CT1.4 8 No wonder that we sell more waists than T*
S^ worth from $25.00 to $30.00 each. CI0.50 regular price $2.25. On sale at %>l any other house, because we give the best
Special at 3>IO— - gg g Q Mq^j. 20 dozen finest Silk vaIues - . 33
S8 50 WOOl DreSS Many new Bha »e B o f M-,t hmb u Moreen Petticoats; : r - - . . 2
cS Jr« v fc ne Wo01 Dress Sklrts Pet ticoats $3.68 Each. , various styles to c 2 50 Mnslln Gowns a clearing of some 10 32
SklrtS $5.75 EaCh. that hang well and have . , r * _ -' select from; ln J. r« - . <Jozen more or less
Sfc: -^^ ,Twv .' that fln« flare, trimmed shades of Old Rose^ Lavender. Castor. New $1 50 EaCh. '- soiled and tossed about ~Z
\*Z with silk band or flounce. Regu- CPZ.-1:* Blue, Turquoise, Green and Black; regu- ' llW , Ladles' Fine Muslin =35
ZZ lar $8.60 value. Special at 3>D lar value $6.00. Special at.... (n.es Cambric Gowns, elaborately trimmed with
Each «J>O— fine embroidery and lace, wlll be firl^O r35
SILK ETON JACKETS f^.00 Silk Petticoats ° w^r^Tnl'^ 1086 ' at -" ?*- 3
N>w aSvL^elegitsty^-.laln or EaCh. j $1>00 | 12 = ,n Gown,
E Ig-W^oi^^'^^^rfi ffi^Wia? I K5 1 !fflS:S? t^SS Gowns 69c Each. y -£S^ 2
SKg^SS^SBS $8±^ B StoS°gSai£?..^ai $10^2 ?!: 2 !.?. n .i.^:??:.. T l?f?ff: a :— 69c 3
iiuuiiiiikiiuiuikiuiikiaiiuuiua^
s
:^^. Every Woman
#^\lM is Interested and should know
iS^\^\v«>'tvMtt. ¦ about the wonderful
W^K«\lra MARVEL Whirling Spray
*V<S^»A-QL^L <io» «ac* Sacfton. Best-Saf-
v^!?^Gn£2=3&fc»^ est— Most Convenient
— / **%>^7?^> k ItCle»n»e»Io»UnU7.
l'atented ~~^ : *& - / Afl - - , ¦ ¦*•
If hBcarnot supply the Xfi^fWWP i. '
MARVEL,, accept no „ . %. ,b*M>/j?~
other, but send stamp for II- M W/Ma/
fcstrated book— M«l*«tlt glvea -Wi, § ' f/ m
t nil particulars and directions In- >-S/v/., fa
valuable to ladles. MABVEt CO.. ai^mmi^
503 Mission St.. San. Francisco. ws * l "Mi«^ ..
APV P f h. i Rh:wT> - . iM'i'S.
i| $3.50 Shoes pi
1 Are strictly up to date. All the latest styles ;||^-J|f
|j for men and ¦women, and they wear equal to jjjK j£s
I any $5 shoe s^bld elsevrhere. Your money back -m £§&
J if not as lepresented. WE ABE SOLE AGENTS >|||||^
mm. JUST REGESVED. A
THE ¦ v> >*LL STYLES
We have also a full line of Laird, Schober & '*li|i|i|
;\§r^55@HkCo.'s Ladies'. Misses' and Children's Fine Shoes.
¦.<>BT NOLAN BROS., . W
•^A&S&i PHELAN BUILDING. \&r
_^ 812»8i4 MARKET STREET. B^
"^plS WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES. jp|glThe division commander of, the National
Guard of California and a number of of
ficers have visited the military camp at
Levega Heights, Santa Cruz, for the pur-
On rievegaHeights,Sarita
Cruz, 3000 Men Will
Gather.
GETTING READY
FOR THE CAMP
pose of laying out the site. It has been
decided to locate the division headquar
ters at the western end of the site. The
third brigade •will be on the west, the sec
ond In the center and the first on the east,
while the cavalry will be on a rise on" the
'south designated as Cavalry Hill. : There
is to be a general hospital, to be located
at the rear of division headquarters. This
will be as complete as any hospital that
has ever been fitted up' for the regular
army. The brigade and company \ streets
have been mapped but and the water ; is
being piped, so that there will be an am
ple supply from three 5000-gallon tanks.
The electric lights are being put in posi
tion,'and by the 1st of June it is : probable
that all the work of having- the site; in
shape will be finished. Each organization
will be furnished rations, by the commis
sary as in the regular army, and each will
be provided with -, a ;fleld oven, -and the
several organizations will have to prepare
battalion adjutant of the same regiment.
and F. A. St. Sure of Company G has been
recommended for.- captain., and assistant
surgeon on the staff of, the colonel of tho
Fifth Infantry. .".
An election has been ordered for next
Saturday for a ¦ major to the Fifth In
fantry to fill an original position created
by the division of the regiment Into three
battalions. llHnMMM
A CURE FOB ASTHMA.
Asthma sufferers need no longer leave horn*
anj business in order to be cured. Nature has
produced a vegetable remedy that win perma
nently cure Asthma and all diseases of the lungs
and bronchial tubes. " Having tested its wonder
ful curative powers in thousands of cases (with,
a record of 90 per cent permanently cured), and
desiring to relieve human suffering, I will aend
free of charge to all sufferers from Asthma. Con
sumption. Catarrh. Bronchitis and nervous dis
eases this recipe, in German, French or Enj
li>h,' with full directions for preparing and
using. Sent by malt Address with itanjp,
naming this paper. W. A. Noyes.,M7 Power*,'
Block. Rochester. N. T~
the mess -for' their men. , It Is probable
that each will engage a cook. t
It is* expected that each of the Jlfty
elght organizations will average fifty" men.
and • these i. with * the .officers will'; make a
totalof/about 3000 inthe field. Up to date
nearly all 'the ; ientage has been obtained.
Each . mail will \ have 'to provide himself
with a shelter, tent. ; * ¦
fx-f;,iial - Corps to . Be Mounted.
- The 1 ' signal 'corps of each"; brigade. will be
mounted. I The three corps will be consol
idated and >be under, command of Lleuteh^
ant: Colonel, Evans; .signal; officer ; on ',: the
division; staff. v The ? troop > of cavalry -of
Sacramento j arid . that of, Salinas . will ride
from their -respective locations .to the
camp. Troop A of this city will go by
rail and- will ride back. ¦ :-^ 3jagfigM«»»Bf ftiw
.Thomas Wilhelm has been commissioned
colonel? on -the ttaff of the commander in
chief and detailed- as inspector- general of
rifle practice, vice Burgin.' ¦ ,' ¦>. >; , ; : v
v Ma jor .William J.Hanna, Captain James
H. t Barr and Captain Halleck H. Look of
relieved and Ensign Henley C. Booth has
assumed command.
Mews About Officers.
Private Herbert D. Walter. Troop A,
Cavalry, has been, appointed .orderly on
the staff of the commander In chief.
Captain J. F.-Eggertof Company L,
First. Infahtry.ihas been allowed to with
draw his -application to be placed on the
retired : list;
Captain C. . W. Agee of , Company H.
Sixth Infantry, who disqualified for active
service 'on ; account of physical Gisabillty,
has been relieved and First Lieutenant R.
Vandenheuvel 'has assumed command. v
Captain * Charles G.". White of Company
D,- First ' Infantry, ' having resigned, tas
been . relieved' and First ' Lieutenant Harry
F. McGurren has 'assumed command.' '•¦'--¦
'Milton W. Simpson. 'late of Company'G
Eighth Volunteers, has been
recommended for captain and commissary
of the Fifth-Infantry;:" Sergeant * Paul
Coulter j of Company G ., has been recom
mended for, the position of lieutenant and
the sanitary corps- have' been assigned to
duty on the, staff of the 'colonel- of the
Second Infantry; ; Captain Alexander S.
Keenan' of i the;same- corp has • been ' as
signed to duty on the ; staff of the First
Infantry.*" ' •—•¦-••-.¦ ¦ . - • ..
Captain. Louis H. Turner, retired; Lieu
tenant'.Charles V. Ott of the fifth Givlslon
and Lieutenant (junior grade) -Frank Van
Vleck of : the- engineer : division, naval
militia, ' have : been ¦. appointed ; the , examin
ing board for. the militia, vice James, Ner
ney and Kingsland. :- ,, , >, .
TheVreslgnatlonsof Captain B. A. Hay
den of Company G, Sixth Infantry;
Lieutenant Charles . H. Murphy, engineer
officer on -the rti vision staff ; • Captain Mel
ville s P.- Fraser, adjutant. Seventh Infan
try, and: Seconi' Lieutenant Frederick W.
Confer • of * Company B, Sixth . Infantry,
.have been accepted. :" '¦• ¦ •. r ; . *
' ' Captain > George . Al - Niehell " of Company,
C," Second; Infantry, and Lieutenant Colo
nel • Charles .T. ¦"< Stanley . have been ' Dlaccd
on the retired list. , . -
': Lieutenant Clare Al Noble, commanding
the Sixth .Division ; of , the ; Navnl . Militia.
having 1 tendered 1 bis resignation, has been
State Department translations of the re
cently adopted reciprocity treaty between
Chile and Nicaragua. The Minister says
the trade between the two countries Is
materially extended by the treaty.
Chile and Nicaragua Treaty.
WASHINGTON. May 4.— Minister Merry
at San Jose, Costa Rica, has sent to the
has been advised of a death from bubonic
plague at Honolulu, which occurred on
March 23. The case was that of a Japa
nese woman. It Is believed to be sporadic
end the city is reported to be in good san
itary condition.
An Increase of both plague and small
pox Is reported from Manila. Most of the
Manila cases are among Chinese. Consul
McWade at Canton reports that In the
village of Chantsin. twelve miles west of
that city, twenty to thirty deaths occur
dally from plague. The population of the
place is only about 4000.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— The Burgeon
j?er.era! of the Marine Hospital Service
Over a Score of Deaths Occur Daily
in. a. Village Very Near
Canton.
PURSUE IN THE OBXENT V—
IS E3TOING MAinr LIVES
the American steamer Willamette, has
been received, and, as was expected, it
take* the ground that the Willamette was
not wrecked In waters "contiguous" to
the United States boundary line, a condi
tion which the treaty makes necessary
in such wrecking operations.
It appears that Union Bay, the scene of
the wreck, is more than 100 miles distant
from the boundary line, and in the light
of the treaty and of subsequent decisions
of the authorities it could not be regarded
as forming Dart of the contiguous waters.
bo that the seizure was Justifiable and
cannot be made the subject of official re
monstrance.
eeirare at TTnion Bay of the wrecking ves
sel Ajax. which was engaged In salvaging
British Government Explains Why
Wrecking Vessel Ajaz Was
Taken by Authorities.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— The answer of
the British Go%*ernment to the inquiry of
the. State Department respecting the
SEIZTTBE IS JUSTIFIED
ACCOBDHTG TO TREATY
covery of Innumerable springs flowing an
oil which has been determined to be a
lubricant. P. L. Griffin and S. A. Hub
bell of Bakersfield. Cal., who have made
locations In the district and studied Its
geolcgr. state that the oil wells springing
up through faults in the formation indi
cate Immense reservoirs of oil under
licavr pressure.
While the great rush of oil Investors has
teen" to -the- Piedmont diotrict. In" which
the Aspen tunnel gusher is located, the
announcement that the test of the springs
Just discovered near Fossil shows lubri
cating oil has caused the excitement to
extend to the new fields, and claims are
now being staked by many locators. The
Ev&neton land office Is a month behind In
the work of. recording claims.
Beports of New Discoveries in a West
era Wyoming Section Cause a
Stampede.
OGDEX, May 4.— F. M. Phelps and other
Callfomians returning from the Fossil oil
fields in Western Wyoming- report the dls-
PBOSPECTORS CBOWDING
• .. DTTO POSSTL OIL LAUDS
CRAGS OF PURE
WHITE QUARTZ
Prospectors Find a Re
markable Range of
Mountains.
Bring From Tanana District
a Glowing Tale of Min
eral Wealth.
BpeCIal Dispatch to The CalL
VICTORIA. B. C. May 4.— Peter Dow,
an old prospector, and party have re
turned to Dawson after two years in the
Tan&na country, with a story of a won
derful- cuartz discovery west of the Tul
vana Jtlver. Dow says of the find:
"From the summit, looking down the
etreoia. we could se« for In the distance a
huee range of mountains, higher than any
In the vicinity— immense crags and bluffs,
covered with what seemed to be a fresh
fallen mantle of snow. They appeared to
b© about one hundred miles distant, and
the raage seemed fully that extent in
lengths For four days we traveled to
ward the white mountains, determined to
uncertain whether or not that which we
eaw was white snow or pure white quartz.
The <S*y before we reached the mountains
wo could see the character of them by the
character of the float which covered the
bed of ' the creek. It was fairly covered
with broken pieces of white porphyric
quartz. From a distance of several miles
could be seen huge veins of rose quartz
from ten to thirty leet thick running along
the side of the mountain and traceable for
hundreds of feet.
"This range lies on the north side of the
river and runs from east to west, connect
ing: on the north ¦with black granite and
on the east with blue slate. We tested
EDme of the Quartz and found traces of
every piece handled with such
crude tools as we had with us. We re
mained here two days, during which time
I climbed up the range probably 1000 feet
to the first bench. From that point I
could eee on the summit above pinnacles
of pure white auertz 200 to 300 feet high,
pointing straight up Into the air and look
ins for all the world like so many church
esteeples. There were also several natural
.^rches. bo perfect In detail that it seemed
es though they had been carved out by
hand.
I "The Cay, we started back for our camp
•we heard a shot fired while on the summit
of a small divide we were crossing, and a
ehort time afterward came upon two men
who had been lost. They had been out
In the mountains four days and had sub
sisted entirely upon berries.
"I believe that the range of white moun
tain? is one enormous mass of mineral
and will prove a source of wealth almost
beyond belief. Quite a number of old
timers In Circle are going to prospect that
section this season, and you must not bo
•surprised If you hear of some extraor
dinary rich quartz strikes being made
curing- the summer."
THJE BAN JTBAJiUJLOCO CAIilj, SUNDAY, MAT 5, 19O1 i
17
PMgos on GRENADINES cut deep.
We have resolved to make: ihe first- Monday in May a record breaker, so here is another great special offerin?
made with that end in view. To-morrow our entire, stock of this. season's new G'enadines, consisting of
stripes, checks, plaids andbrocades.. in all silk, silk and mohair, al -wool and and wool mixtures, will !?e
placed on special sale at a reduction of .fully one-quarter from the big store's regular low pr'ces. These goods are extremely popular th : s season for dresses,
and the designs arc the most desirable that are mi de. Widths from 44 to 48* inches..-' These prices for Monday only:
$1.50 Grenadines $1.t 7. $1.75 Grenadines §1.32* $2.00 Grenadines $f. 5 8, $2.50 Grenadines $1. 86.
Amazing Under-Price Sale
Stylish) Veil SngSm
Don't judge the vei'.ings by the. way "we have priced them,-" for in every instance
"~/SlSC^^^I\-«- *key are-wortH;rnuch more than doub e what we ask — 4000
¦J^^^^^At/\ yarc's of- ultra-stylish Veilings purchased from- the lea ;ing
importing house of New York, at about onc-thrrd their
>^*t^^^^^8!^^ actual values," will be so'd on Monday only the same wav.
\^j^K'.^n^^f A complete a c scrtment — 23 styles to select from, in iS-
\^t^^*y inch al -silk' Tuxedo and Maline Mesh Veilings with Che-
'i^^^ nille Spots; becoming styles only, in black, magpie, -white,
. .£23r gray, brown' and royal— 25c,' 3:c and 50c l § m^ m \ m^ k
\"<^r values — to-morrow only— per yard.f M m 'm*mjr.
Also ' about 800 yards of best quality all-silk ¦ ChiUbn Veilings, for Veils,
• Neck -Bows- and Hat Trimmings;: the best 50c quality j in b'ack,
_ white and cream, etc.; on special sale Monday only, per yard;. ; mm*3%0
Novelties in Ladies' Wash Neckwear.
Twice : Aroiintl* Madras Scarls, with silk polka dot, white" or colored
grounds for'outing wear — each i ; SOO
Wash Lawn Scarls— Mzds with pleated tics; long streamer ends; finished with"
fine lace— each. .•/... .J. ....... . 25C and 50c ' :
Pique ;TurnrOvcr Collars— To be worn with; shield . . ; tfj(j^_\~ '^^
bow; the rretty new style called the Meredith; each 25C t'/^^O^£Jl|| -
SilK" Shield Bow— In rich colorings; ready to t^fl^^i
.wear— each .' . .-. .... .'. .' . 25C JJ «-^'s^-* w^ ',
Special Prices for
Rubber Goods.
Hy^itnic . Bulb Syrnge— A sing'i-end bu!b
syringe, best quality Para iubb:r, non-co!-
' A '¦ lapsible ¦ tub'ng, • 3
. >^^*^^^^ S^CJ ¦ P'P** j regu'arly
! n :^r~^ Jijspec'al Mjn-
Fm^^*"y/± ~\6\ oniy. . 63 C
/•* m*^— nv [^. 1-===) Nesa! and Throat
Atomizers— Ftr
oils or. liquids ;
T ' e= T -**~ Va^ifai-.V choice of three
"^.styles, two of
' which - are' shown in picture— never . b':fo e
« sold for less than 50c each; spe'eal Mo->ra>
' only-1 . .'-- . ..".:.. i.. - . . .•'•'. . • • • . • ¦ 34-C
Rubber Bibs— For baby. ......... /. . . / ©
Rubber Diapers— B:st quality 2Cc
BlackNioplts/pure gum ; a for. . ." . . 5o
Nurs'ng Bottles.; 6 and 8 ounce.. . . ; . . . .'. SO
Bell- Teething Rings : / . G
Rubber Wa'er. Bottles— 2 quarts. . f. . •& o
Ladies' Rubber Gloves— Back, tan or whit;. .
•¦.¦;::.;.:::.::.:..:::... :...::.85f
E^celior Fount^ii Syringe— a- q-ja-t, best
¦quaity,,3:ha-d>ip?s, compute; . . . . , 75C
Women's? Sa'ety Syringe— Highly :¦' recom-
' mend;d by ph\ sicians ..'...*. .'. . . . $1.25
Writing Tablets So
l4OcTlvanhoe' Wriiing Tablet3— p'ate finish —
. in note, packet and 'letter size — rcg-
. . ular'y 1 5c each— on Monday ..... OS
Seasonable Items in
House
Furnishing Dep't.
Soft Feather Dusteri . . . ." :..... 10 C
Trowe's for garden use 10o
Weeding ForJcs. . . . '. ..;...: .".'. . . .' lOc
Round Wire Di h Covers, 8 inches 10o
Ca'histro Window Poluhar ....;....... 10 ;
WooJC:at. Frames:. -.-;....; .'. ... . . [ . .5 >
Heavy Retinned Wire Frames. . . .' Sc
Springs for Coat CoUars . ..... ....... . tOc
Wire Mouse Traps, round or square. ... .1' O
Emery" Kni e Sharpeners. So
Hardwood Window Screens . . . . . . . .... 25O
Hardwood Ice Chest, family size. . . .$5mQ5
Gar Jen ! Ho-e, ' per /bot,' goo 1 grade. . ..... 80
: Heavy Tin A'paragu» Boi ers. ;..;.... :S5o
Round Copper- Bottom : Wash , Boilers, for gas
stoves .; .:.;*...;. 75c
Bird Traps for the boys. ............ . ~35c
S'eeve Boar.'s .*. . .5 >O
»Sleeve Irons (pointed patent handle) .-.-. .5^0
Water Fi.ters for faucet .-. . . .......... 25c
Renovar, for c eaning— per bo'.tle ..... 25c
A FEW FACTS
About the ITew Catarrh Cure.
The new Catarrh Cure is a new depart-
ure In so-called catarrh cures because It
actually cures, and is not simply a tem-
t>orarv relief.
The new Catarrh Cure Is not a salve,
ointment, powder nor liquid, but a pleas-
ant tasting tablet containing the best spe-
cifics for catarrh In a concentrated, con-
venient form.
The eld style of catarrh salves and oint-
ments are greasy, dirty and Inconvenient
at the best; the new preparation being in
tablet form is always clean and con-
venient
The new Catarrh Cure ts superior to
Catarrh powders because It Is a notorious
ocain lcany catarrh powders contain
/-7«^ e^ C »^ tarrh Cure Is called Stuart's
U ki Ta , blets - «¦ wholesome combina-
tion of blood root, beech wood tar. gualacol
and other antiseptics, and cures by Its
H^°« U ?H a th< i bK>od and mucous mem-
SSSJ'SoSg nttfonaI treatment for
rent from the first tablet taken. a PP a/ "
All druggists sell and recommend them
They cost but S0 cents for full sized pack-
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Men's Suits
and Overcoats.
A choice of Black C av, B ue and busi-
' ness suits in fancy mixture! in tweels, cassi-
meres and worstedj; and a goal assorment of
Spring Overcoati; the greatest • vx'ues that
you have ever s^n at t" e J^^Lm, -~
price........... _..;. SJO.OO
Specials in the
Crockery Department.
Tea Cups and Saucers
y.'V^y '"*!*? —200 dozen Eng is 1
Q&gA^QV ¦ »rmi - porcelain pink
iNu*^V?y# decorated tea cups and
v^ A5j jiM I/- • g-.ucers, regularly
• ' f \ • Jt.50 a dorm, on
(ill Monday, cup g^
i I I and saucer.. . . %tC
iO»)i sJl!& V-» Dessert Plate; — 450
V P<- \r^ \^ dozen English semi-
1 /7)i }**" \C) porce'a'n to match
. \J*^*, above cups and tau-
ceis, regu'ariy Jfi.oo a dozen, on «^
! special sale Monday only, each." SC
Wrought Iron Ja-diniere Stand and new Shape
Jardiniere— Th: janinicr: in rahed design
highly glazed in the new shaded tints. Th se
jardinieres and stands are an excellent value at
$1.60, the big store's tpecial j —
price, Monday only for both. . %P§ .1%}
Eng fish tfzs^i
Croats 7 5 Cm I £ Jl
This tie is not only popular 7 „, y .,
for go'f players, b'ks rid- ; Y"! 1 /
ers and others who in- J$§5%k.
du'ge in athletic sport3,
but many men and women /U)» K
zre using them for every : HUJ| In ' •
day wear. They go twice ' \\i/// If
around the neck and then - VI I jlj
tie in an Ascot or ounce- . . . Bill \k
over. We have 30 dif- f t/| f&
fcrent patterns of mer- h/|/ y
cerizcJ wash Madras \jj
Dress Linings
1200 yards of skirt linings— in three styles —
back brocade, black strips and Persian stripe
on black ground — tegular va'ue 20c a yard —
the big ttore's special price, Mon- m'jn
day only mZG
U.S. Battleship
Ohio Souvsnirs.
Th; officai Souvenirs of
th= Ohio Society of Cali-
7^^^jsggsp^>y fornia are made from th;
. mMffi/fA^^-u^^ rivet-hole punchings from
' ; ¦ the protective deck plat-
irg of the United Sutis battleship Ohio.
Tne pin cushion shown in picture is . mzde
from the bark of the g'ant redwjod and one
of the r'.vzt punchings fiom the Ohio, mak-
ing it a doub'v 'n'eresting souvenir to send at
this t'me to Eastern friends ; price _ m ' m^ ¦ '
each. !.....SOC
Among the thousand and one
oihtr articles in our Souvenir *D 2-
partment in Rotunda will bs found:
Hand-Carved Mexican Leather Goo-Is.
View Book of San Francisco and Vicinity.
Illustrated Postal Cards.
Decorated O.ange Wood Novelties. . ,
Antique Silver*
In addition to is usual assortment . cf household
artx'ev fashions, sketch :s and stories, The
Dellr eitor for June contains an ar ide on
the collection of Silver Antiques, both text
and illustra'nns of which are h'ghly interest-
¦' ing. ' On sale Monday in ihe Butterick Pat-
tern Dipartmrnr, main floor under > ladies*
parlor. Price, 156 per copy or $1,00
per year. . .
The June Patterns ari a'so on sale and comprise
an exquisite ou'put of up-to-date styles. Ask
for a free Fash'oa Sheet and Cato'ogu:.
Monday Sales
Groceries— Liquors.
Yelocros Cof'ee— The celebrated Yerocros Java
and Mocha, roast or ground, in l-lb pack-
ages — regularly 35c— our last sale was so
popu'ar that we have concluded to repeat it
to-morrow (Monday), only, per lb; . .21&
Bcs 1 Dry Granulated Sugar— 18 $>*.$] m QU
String Beans— 600 tins of White Wax String
Beans, choice pack — -sold regularly at 10c a
! 'tin — special Monday only, 4 tins. .... 25 O
Sago or Pearl Tapioca - 6 lbs 25o
Sugar Corn — The best Western, 95c dozen — 3
tins • 25O
Shredded Wheat Biscuit— Served with fruit h
' very delicious — 2 packages 25O
Evaporated Apricotj — Choice Moorparks —
regularly 1 5c lb— Monday.' .......... fOO
Good Claret — Another of our popular . Claret
sales Monday— excellent table quality — per
gallon ". :....35o
Duf fey's Malt Whiskey — Medicinal— regularly
. 85c a bottle— Monday. .;.... .*.•. . . . 73O
El-ch's Ginger Ale— Imported— dozen. ......
.:......... $1.35
Framed Pictures '
One-Quarter Off
Mon lay' only, cho'ce of any framed picture in
¦ the stor: marked or. over. at a special
discount of *5 ptr csnt." The asscrtment ia-
c'u 'es all that is new : ani pleasing in parlor,
sittng-roor.i, dining and bedroom pictures—
¦ choice sutjeits by the best known artists.
Young Men's
Summer Clothing*
Youths, from 13 to 19 years of age, have re-
quirements peculiar iu their age, and ws
*make a study to particularly please them.
Youths* al-wool Su'ts. &4 Q5,
$6 51, $7 53 to $15.00
Youdu* Overcoat — all-wool ...... £5 0O»
. ...37.53, $1O,OO, $15.00
Youths* . Trousers — all-wool ;..
$1 51, $2.OO, $2.5 J, $5.OO
$2.5O Shoes §1.98
Ladies* Vici Kid Shoci, cloth FtI/ii(!S3>
and kid tops, Jare or button % \stfl •
styles, made on \ the new *X&^\
ccin toe last, with patent . If?
¦ Icither tips, medium we'ght ¦ /0& •
toles, are. t, dressy shoe, ffipW,/
in all size3 and - JkS JT L
widths, regularly y^li— * £-f^
$2.50, on jpe- jf /**^
oA sale Mon- i--* •
Skins for Burning.
Co'ored Sheepskin for burning, perfect skins in
very handsome shades— each 75O
Pyrography "Outfit — For burning leather —
compl.-te. $4 5J
Children's
Garments.
i ¦ Thinking oftakingthe
EiSSk;^ .children to the country
in vacation time ? Ths
things you will n:ed can
be bought - at the . big
store now from bitter
assortments than later
on in the season. Best
look in this week.
Was 1 ! Sailor Dresses. 6"
to 14 years. $#.53
Wash Linen Percale
' Sailor Suits, 6 to 14
one-piece Dre!ses,«izea
years $2.OO
Wash fine Pique Sailor
Suits, sizes for 6 to
12 years... £2 50
Wash one-piece Dresses,
sizes 6 to 14' years.
75o
Wash real Chambray
6toi4yean $/.£»?
Girls' Overalls, real Khaki doth 5JO
Children's Jackets, wool corert, finely tai'ored
..............: $3.25
Children's Jackets, wool covert, siU lined
1 $5.50
Children's Sun Bonnets. .25c to $f*OQ
Children's Shaker Bonnets 25O *O $1-00
Ladies* Sun Bonnets 50 & 75 O
Boys' Kits; sizes to age 4 $1 50 to $5 .(JO
Bays' Wash Waists; sizes to age 4.'. ........
..:..... ......... 53c to S2.SO
Boys* Wash L : sen Blouse, to age 4
..:. .....$f.oo to $1.50
Mew Notions.
25 g to
Rubber Cuffs, black and white-^pair. . ,25o
Wa T jt and Skirt Supporters — s:t ....;... .-..•.
.*.. -1Oo and 2SO
Spool Holders and Pin Cushions— each . .25o
Dress Shields, all brands and s'zes^-pair ; .
So to $1 OO
Rubber Half Sleeves — pair; .25O *&<! 43 O
Finishing Braids, new patterns — piece .....
So to 25o
Skirt Bindings, in all makes and col. rs — yard; .
— ....Goto 15o
Whalebone Casings, 9-yard pieces — piece . 1iiO
Hoee Supporters, all styles and .sizes— pa'r. .*. .
IOC to $1.OO
Ladies*' New Style Be'.ts, all sizes — each.....
....? 25c to $in.OO
New designs in Ribbon Ends— each.
; SO to 25O
Dr. Hol'em** "Ideal" Shoulder Braces— each.
:.BDo
Sterling Silver
Novelties 17c*
I \ U § ll button Hooks,
/ \ II I'' I '-•''- Nail Fil "' Tooth
-._; I.- ' \ 3 I \y and Nail Brushts,
ft 1 ' *Lfl 10 Roller , Blotters,
|(||"S %!fl || - Paper Cutters, Cuticle and
PS? "'1 14=" Corn Knives, Stocking Dar-
x^ j/ nerSj.etc, the so id si ver
handles in a very prettv and
striking patterns, on special sale <Q g^
Monday only, each M £ %M
Special Sale
Bedding*
Blankets, 8Sc— Good quality white
cotton Blankets; soft, hravy fleece finish;
bed covering tor summer use or
extra beds; large size (66 inches wide); 150
pairs on special sa e; Monday only, -, g%
per pair #^ V & tr
Sheeting^To-morrove only; 2 ca c .es
of sing'e bed width Sheeting (54 inches),
soft finish, round threal, unb' cached and very
heavy; at less than present mi 1 cost;
P» yard M I C
Comlortcrs — A splendid quality silko-
line covered Comforters; hand-tufted, finest
white filing, ful size; very #
sightly and warm, each «J5 M 3 mm 9
Monday Sals of
Men's Furnishings.
Values of such excep ional merit that the
Men's Department should be inces.antly crowded
to-morrow. ,-'•'¦¦.
Pleated Golf Sh/r.'s, 79c-
RChambrays, cheviots and
Macras cloth, pat.-rn
that men immediately en-
thuse over, colors that
lead , in fashionab'ene:s,
mostly pleated bosoms; a
few plain ones however
for those thatpre erthem;
regular f 1.00 values, sp:-
dal Monday mm**.
only I 79C
String Ties. 7c— Madras
Wash Ties, hundreds of
co'ors to choo e from.
• — Cub Ties and Bat ends,
regular 25c values; on Monday, each „_
£C
Wool Sweaters, $1.50— High grade wool Swe;t
ers, woven lrom extra qua'ity -n, crimson
and white, blue and white, b'.a y.nd golJ
. b:oken lines of our regular $2.50 quality; to
le clo ei out Monday, only. . . **,* mw g*
Fancy Hrsitry, 25c — Just from Europe; a new
line of men's fancy Hosiery, cioss and vertical
,< stripes and fancy figured effects, some in woven
patterns, some are extracted patterns, all ths
very latest in men's hosiery, our —
price psr pair AmO C
Special Sale
Liberty Silk
Crystal Velours.
We offer on Mon : ay only 100 pieces of beauti-
ful lioerty silk Crystal Ve'ours — the daint
material so popular this Spiing for evening
dresses, millinery sleeves and yoking — the
color assortments include white,- ceam
maise, pink, stlmm, glaieul {a new rec.
shade), sky blue, turquoif, lilac, bsig<
ani Hack. This has never been retailed ;or
less than 40c a yai d — the big store's -^ :
price Monday only # 8 £
Furniture Dep't
Special Sales.
$20.00 Iron Bed, $13.75— An irresistible
low price fur this new style iron bed — an ex-
tremely graceful design, top rail nearly a
inches thick, rod thr:e times usual size, ani
every c'amp and bolt finished in an ornamen-
tal manner. These beds come in black ani
gilt and blue an! white; any mm .¦
size on special sa'e this week x&OS j m %M
Ladies' Dressing Table — E ther mahog-
any, golden oak or bird's-eye maple, supp ied
with a French plat; mirror; an exciptioaa ly
good vaue at the big store's __
special price 5?O* 75
Expert Union Labor Hair Mattress—
Made of an excellent hair, best quality of heavy
ticking, in two parts if de- jn.^% _ r _
sired; our special price.' <g£C9jr 75
Trunk Sale.
Mondav Only — This «»^t«-rproof painted, canvas
_«** — . hp^'fl f ovcreo Trunk,
m\ Zk * 9^ ' H^ffi W^k 0Ur S atS
Bica lg\-' *(&> i !?^ on to ? and two
W u-» - *W^^ a " aroun d body,
fi ' ' ' . ' "ctT^^ iron botom,
|f * ' - - Mf > 'l? i three heav/ long
" fj^L^^^ strap hing s,
good to ts and brass lock, having full coveted
tray with compartm:nt for hat, is price-cut as
follows:
»6-inch s : ze, regu!ar"y S3 85
2.8- inch size, regularly J5.00; .* $4- 13
30-inch sire, rcgu ar y J5.50. . . i 4* 55
32-inch size, regularly $(t.oo, $4- 95
34-inch size, regularly 16.50 && 4- '
36 inch sue, regu ar'y £7.00 . $S S3
38-inch size, regularly $7.50 $6 21)
Boys' Wear*
Mors Large Purchases
of Handsome Juvenile
Fashions for Summer.
• The greatly growng bnsbea in this depart-
ment has made additional space necessary. The
department is now enlarged and rearranged and
we can guarantee you a substantial saving if
you buy your boys* cloth:s at the big store. '.
Cean-cut, sparkling sty!e3; good taioring;
workmanship that reveals perfection at a glance;
astonishingly low'prices; but thank sharp trad-
ing and big dealing for that.
Russian
Blouse |
Suits— in
Serges,
Wonted*
ani Che-
riots,
daintily
trimmsi
and hand-
somely .
nude, for
toyi *%
to 6 years
$2.98
to
$7.50
Norfolk
Suits-
nobby
belted ,
Jacket v
with yokes — for boys 7 to 13 yean, fiacj
cheviots, tweeds and serge, a very poon'ar
«j«t $4- S3
Sailor Blouse Suits — Most popular style for
boys 3 to 10 yean; s:rg-s, flannels, cheviots
and fancy ca; si meres, p'aH and fane* trina-
«ring» $2 95 to $7 30
Three-Piece Suits — Coat, vest and knee pints,
th; same style thit m-n war,- sizes for 10 to
16 years, made from a'l the new fabrics. . J .
- S3 43 to $10.00
vxwkwxwmk
All California Trades Here.
Less to Pay Than You Ever Dared Hope.
is no slackening of activity. One important. sale follows another. Always something new.
than four years : this has become the greatest .store west of^ Chicago.^ '.¦•]'.. .
Always something to interest and " attract shoppers. . In less
It isn't often that a great store like this establishes itself so- quickly and ; soundly in pubic favor as this stpre
has done. Ordinarily the process of expansion is slow. In this ca^e * he^growth' Has . V been swiff, but natural
and healthy. The explanation is simp'c. , 1—It f s because o! the great number o! genuindy good barjuins we arc always oflcriag. 2— IVs because of the
vnfform lowness and popularity ot our prices. 3— It's because of the new and desirable- character o! our merchandise A store of features. There
THE EMPOEIint.
THE - EMPOBXTJIi;
THEEMPOBIX7M.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE ' EMPORITJM.
'¦¦•'•"¦•¦'-•• : - : ". t : -y : ' : ' :ri: - • : New Listen Warp M&itiffvsgs
WW l^^^hsd^tX \ t^" :^ ; We have purchased-at 66c on the dollar rolls of fine linen warp
it JJr li'h 111 t \\\\ hTLJepJI f l\ 'I^IV ' Jjfflh. .Mattings that have Just been made from the last crop; not hard,
Jolli'i ijflBK'lrl ti^Pl |f| fi lrtt lr4ir/wji dry, .brittle, last year's matting, tut new, fresh goods in an
Wl iliiS8lW l '^i' :^^'^«ffl •• almost limitless assortment of novel floral, conventional and
'^^^^^m\i l AmW^^^^\^^^^^^r^^ inlaid pattern?. These handsome, heavy, well-made mat-
¦?«HSMli^^HS*'?l^r- tiriqvwiM be n!ace1 on Mondav and during the week at
"M^^^^O i/^lii^HI^^^^Wrr^^SWl a IittIe . morc than hal!. regular retail prices. M'.ke early selec-
Wtfmi^^^^ tIon w^ lie ass-rtments ot pattern^ are complete
ii O;1 "count o! Ihe lowness o! the prices we arc wwblc.to cut the. roll o! 40 yards.
Ww£^^^^^^^^^^^^WMm^^^[ I | 'Japanese L ; ncn Warp Mattrag — In neat and very desirable damask pattern; ex- "fl&ii <pk
™l/M^J^^^^^^^^^' :;^O^HilsMA M'^ESBSr cellcnt grade offtraw; it boupfct in the regu'arway wcu!d sell'or atleast25ca yd.; :ale price-'™ ™4**
'^^^^Ml^^^M^^^^^^mwi >Hand - Madc Ncvassa Japanese Mattings-In medallion effects 'and -carpet
>l(^^n^^W\^^^r^^^^C^%M\^^^^^^<^^- T^vv^ »£?S « 1 desisn-s. w'-ich if bought in t-'e regular way would retail for at least 30c a yard; sa'e price mm*W*J>
W!?^^^T${ S^^m|W!^§ Vei< y FinC QualH y Ol Ma «ingS— A lot ot 175 single rolls of 40 yards each, in an assort-
Ifi wtyULM^idtf$& J r^^^^^^^^V^'T^^^r--^^^^ [ il I ment °^" pl=asin3 patterns and co or effects, ar: marked per roll to c'ose ....... ' . .
fl! it~^?^'^™' i *'' r '* fci ' '¦ i .fy^e*-c7 'a^^^ff r t~ m^j^^^''H 9^^^ 11 1 1 • •"¦•''" ---.'.¦./- -¦ dg yej « 7 gQ $8*25 &9 25 f&ID 5j
"^^St^^^^*^-^^^^^ On Monday Only 200 Art. Squares, ; excellent floor ccve: ings, in stylish and effective
' ¦ff^pS*^^ '¦^~~^^*^*L^* : ~5^^^' des : gns, wi I b? paced on special sale; 9x6 feet, $2-4-3; 9 X 7^ leet, $3mQOf 9x9 feet, $3 -6 If
: Glove Sale Extraordinary.
•£ Beginning .Monday and until closing lime Wed^e^day'the
ibig store offers . 420b pairs of Women's $f.5O Gloves,
;in all of the new colorings and -a'e-r s-yle*?-— G'ace and Suede .
Kid Gloves,. two patent clasn Glace Kid Gloves, two-clasp' Suede
Pique Gloves with Pans Point Embroidered Back, and Women's Imitation. Dent Gloves
with on: c'asi (extra strong)— all fi ted at OUT counters and WIT- (&"B ®k
ranUd, at the astonishing Sale Price— per pair. T m m %M ~
s£ "*
y^fFff^y
Purses, 25c, 35c.
Double Coin Pune as
¦^^P^SBl ' n F' cture » rnade of jro-»d
.'-' '•*.;"* ..'' (/''^jljc mochastock 25c
_^ - jfe^-r 5^ Narrow Coin : Purse —
y9^~^Sip&~-^y new shape as
TIT—^-— - J 3 'A. m °<&* Stock,
Jn' V^ *had.»...^5c
Wi^. ¦ s-^ly ne - Jewel
\kgte!»^>..^^^wr Pockets—
N . ' ' fl Made of
" pretty thanes of Suede leather, with silk
ribbon to tie around • neck, two compart-
ments in purse. m ,\ . . . ,.25o
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EKPORITOff.CHANCE TO SMILE.
"I think I'll have somo of those crull
ers," said Jones at the lunch counter.
"Don't you want some?"
"No," replied Smith, "they don't agre«
with me?"
"That so?"
"Yes; I couldn't even eat the hole in on«
without getting dyspepsia."— Philadelphia
Record.
Bill— While In New York I wanted'*
policeman and I looked m every dlreo
tion, but could not see one. As I wa
leaving one suddenly appeared behind me.
Where do you suppose he cams from,?
Crimsonbeak— Why, I guess it's a «af«
bet that he came from Ireland.— Yonkera
Statesman.
Nell— So she's twenty-seven, ehT How
did you find out?
Belle— I asked her.
"You don't mean to say she told ytmV
"Yes; I asked her at what aga sh«
thought a girl should marry."—Philadel
phia Record. *
Once on a time two Bullheaded Assea
met on a narrow Plank that Bridged a
Yawning Chasm.
"Back out. Daffy," said the first Ass,
"and iet me pass."
"Nay," said the second As3,, "we will
play a game of euchre to decide who has
the Right of Way."
So the cards were dealt.
"What do you do?" asked the first Ass,
as he turned a Trump and looked at his
Hand.
"Why, I pass, of course.** answered the
second Ass, throwing down his cards and
pushing the Other to the Rocks Below.
Moral: Never go asrainst Another Man'*
Game.— Indianapolis Sun.
Mrs. Clubleigh— But, Harry -lear. In this
photograph you have but one button on
your coat.
Mr. Clubleigh— Thank heaven, you'va
noticed it at last! That's the reason I had
the photograph taken. — Boston Journal.
posed exclusively of Anglomanlacs.
"THE SPY"— This is a rattling little
melodrama, with plenty of local color
(time of the war in La Vendee), action
and a climax that requires only a little
lengthening to be extremely effective. It
calls for a chorus of five or six men and
a young lady armed with two qualifica
tions raro in an amateur— a good soprano
voice and capability of shooting -off a pis
tol without hitting the leader of the or
chestra. Any gentle maiden who, is sure
that, by diligent practice, she can acquire
these qualifications may dssay this play
wltHVssurar.ce of success.
"THE WIFE'S CONFESSION"— This, it
seems to me, is the best play in the book.
It turns upon a probable Incident of every
day life— a girl's forgetting to destroy
somo of her love letters— and Is worked
out with considerable dramatic ingenuity.
Tho lady's pert Is one of pur© sentiment.
Of the two men one must be able to por
tray a cool-headed man of the trorld who
is first and last a gentleman; the other
must also be a gentleman, but very youth
ful nnd impulsive. With the exception of
"The Charm" I consider this the most dif
ficult play in the book, but the most ef
fective if well done.
BY L, DU P0NT-.SYLE.
REFLECTIONS ON SHORT PLAYS
Which Are Fitted for Presentation by
YOUNG AND CULTURED AMATEURS.
WITHOUT blare of trumpets or
beat of drum* or any of the
usual advertising truck that ac
companies th« appearance of a
child wonder, a 10-year-old vio
linist. Kathleen Parlow, created a genu
ine sensation by her extraordinary play-
Ing at the British Benevolent Society's
concert, given on Tuesday evening last at
Sherman-Clay Hall. The little violinist Is
an altojrether happy example of the nor
mally trained, normally lived, . normally
exhibited child musician, and in all prob
ability, by reason of these things, will be
come In due time- an even great artist.
1st; Oscar Frank, barytone; Sigismundo
Martinez, accompanist. Following Is the
programme: . . • •
Sonata, Op. C, F major Grieg
Miss Werthelmer. end. Mr.. Lewis,, - ~
Son«. "Still Wle die Nacht" r. Bohm
Oscar Frank.
Concertstueck, Op. S2,- O major. . ~. .Schumann
Miss Frances H. Werthelmer.
Second eulte, Op. 27 .- Rles
John R, Lewis.
Song, "Am Meer" Schubert
Oscar Frank.
(a) Fantasle, Op. 2S, F sharp minor
Mendelssohn
(b) YalM. Op. 34. No. 1 Moezkowskl
Mlrs Frances H. 'Werthelmer.
• • J.1 * ¦?¦.
As a pianistic Miss Wertheim
er*s programme was' hardly a success
from the standpoint of interest and va
riety, and her numbers I judge hardly to
have been the happiest mediums for the
exercise of the young lady's faculty. The
Concertstueck was ruined in the accom
paniment, which overbalanced the solo
piano with disastrous effect, but yet left
evident the fact that Miss Wertheimer. is
a pianist of unusual attainments and of
even more remarkable promise. She Is
young, and her attitude toward ¦ her art
Is that of a student rather than a mas
ter; but she has a delightful touch an<S
tone, a musicianly spirit, a clean tech
nique, forceful and sufficient, and is alto
gether a welcome addition to the ranks
of our musicians. The only discernible
lack in her equipment is a somewhat ae
fldent rhythmic sense. - •.
John R. L<ewis is a pupil of Henry Hey
man, and is a decidedly gifted boy. He
has a charmingly sympathetic tone, a
broad and -artistic conception, and is
studying hard to add to his already con
siderable technical, skill. . • Mr. Lewis! ren
dering of the Rles "Romanze" was par
ticularly enjoyed. Oscar Frank improves
steadily; he has a very good mezzo voce./
One good result of the Henschel Influ
ence was apparent at the recital of mod
ern classics given the .other evening at
Sherman & Clay Hall by Miss Grace Bar
ker Marshall and Bert Georges. It is the
admirable Henschel custom to print (and
translate) the words of all their Bongs
for their recital progi^ammes, thus adding
sensibly to the pleasure of the perform
ance, and this was done the other evening
with pleasing result.
. The modern song classics given by Mr.
Georges included three very picturesque
and dramatic songs by Francis Korbay,
"There Was None to Match Kerekes,"
"Mourning in- the Village Dwells" and
"Shepherd, See Thy Horse's Foaming
Mane"; a Loewe number, also both dra
matic and passionate, "Edward," writ
ten about one of the old Percy's Reliques;
"Light" and "Life and Death." by Neld
linger; the "Song of Sir Giles," Wllby;
"Old Winter Comes," by Woodman, and
a White song, "Marching Along."
Mr. Georges is at his best In the robust
and dramatic element, and his work
shows distinct progress since his appear
ance, last year. It yet lacks smoothness
and <3epth, sentiment, but Mr. Georges'
voice is valuable and the things needful
are all his with study and time. - .
Miss Marshall's contributions were the
Rachmaninoff "Prelude,", the "Spinning
Wheel" -of ¦¦Pachul&kl and three move
ments from a new Foote suite on qua
trains from the Rubaiyat; all' very inter
esting numbers, but the young pianist's
Interpretations were Immature, superficial
in conception, blurred in outline and with
out technical clarity. Her accompani
ments to Mr. Georges* songs were much
better and it is quite possible that ner
vousness may have been largely, respon
sible for the indifferent quality of the
solo work.
• ' '. •:':"¦'•
An organ recital will be given at Bt
John's Church, Stockton, by Lewis
Thwaltes. organist of the church, on
Tuesday evening: next. May 7. The In
teresting programme ' will Include the D
minor Toccata and Fugue by J. S.Bach;
"In Paradisum," Dubols; "Entre du Cor
tege," Dubois; "Elevation," Salnt-Saens;
"Pastorale" In E major, F. do la Tom
belle, and the Lemmens "Pontifical
March." iH^I
All the way from Toronto comes the fol
lowing programme, -which, though It has
no local value, I print because of its high
worth as a programme of the organ re
cital at Its best. It was recently given by
William C. Carl, the well-known organist,
at the Toronto Conservatory of Music and
Included the following numbers:
Karl Ludwlg Thlele.. Concert— Satx in C minor,
(a) Jean Philippe Rameau. Musette en Rondeau
(b> Maurice Lee..Menuet dans le Style Anden
Johann Sebastian Bach. Fugue In D major
Jacques Nicolas Lemmens
* Pastorale in F major
George *Friedrlch Handel - •• ••••••• '
Orean concerto In D minor (with Ca
denzas by Alexander Gullmant). adagio,
alltcro. aria, finale. .
Felix Alexandra Guilmant
Allegro con fuoco (Sonata VI)
Antonln D\ - orak ""iir'Vi'i: V
...Largo from the New World Symphony
Baron F. <Je la Tombelle.. Toccata In E minor
<Justav Merkel ...Choral with variations
Joseph Callaerts ; -<t *W"";c
Intermezzo (dedicated to Mr. Carl)
masterpieces for organ. , , - . , »
Arthur B. Plant Pedal Rondo (new)
Clement Loret
Alleluia! ("Thirty Postludea for Or
gan," edited by Mr. Carl).
Grant and Hayes visited Mare Island" .Navy-yard," and McKinley should^ be given an op
portunity, to follow theif example. It was a good one.. : ; _.- j " \ . •
. The Jacksonville fire' appears .to have been as great a. disaster as the Galveston storm,, and of
course the people of the United States will meet it in the same way. In e^iergericies' of tliis*kind
Americans always know how to act. . *
FROM Chicago come. reports of a new discussion in sociology, strange in its nature, but not
surprising in its results. It appears that for some time past v the male wage-earners have
been troubled by the competition of women; and out of their discussions on the subject
there arose a suggestion that the best remedy, for the evil would be to marry off the competing
girls. The plan found so much favor that according to one report it has been proposed that every
labor union have an "official match-maker," whose duty it will be to "eliminate competition in the
trade by. getting some young man to marry any girl who enters it. Upon that proposition the
debate is now going on. . :-^|{^'- ¦ . .._ -
As might have (been expected/ such a proposal from the men has been met" with some coy
ness by the ladies. In fact the ladies believe the plan to be an inadequate remedy for the evil. The
Chicago Tribune quotes an officer of a woman's union as saying: "I have known of. several cases
of marriage between co-workers, and the unwillingness of. the' bride to quit her remunerative em
ployment usually did not meet with the strenuous opposition of the gallant husband. The usual
result was that either both remained in their former positions or that the husband "quit and let the
woman earn the salary. A woman is more eager to work than a man, and when you find a married
woman drawing a large salary as schoolteacher, stenographer, or in any other position, generally you
will discover a husband attached who is engaged in speculation, playing the races, or other occupa
tion where the greater part of his labor is disposing of his. wife's salary."
Lest she might be suspected of. opposing matrimony itself, of of taking unjust views of hus
bands, the lady went on to say: "Marriage between employes. of the same firm, engaged in differ
ent occupations, are common and' usually happy, and I understand that the , same can be said of
those between competing employes in the great textile mills of the Eastern and Southern States,
but I don't commend this idea of commercial matrimony." - ¦ -
That is the woman's side of it. The men say they have known v a good many women to be re
tired from,the army of workers by marriage, and they insist the scheme is excellent. It is to be
hoped the experiment will be given a fair trial. Chicago has; furnished the country with so many
problems that she owes it to herself to solve one or two/ andlthis is : a good one to. begin with.
.A CHICAGO DISCUSSION.
"THE GLOVE"— This Is a capital play if
you like the "More Than Queen" style
clothes and little more. It is set in cav
alier times, thereby giving the lady a
chance for a stunning gown and the gen
tleman—there are only two prominent
parts— an opportunity for black velvet,
ls.ee and ruffles. Many pecple like this
kind of thing and many a play has hob
bled to success on the crutches .of cos
tume and scenery. The sentiment of the
piece turns on loyalty to that gtx>d-for
nothing rake Charles n, and 'twould,
therefore, be hard to make". It go down
with an American audience, I think, un
less that audience happened to be com-
"THE SHRINKING SHOE*,'— This tea
feeble attempt to tell, in terms of evening
dress and 5 o'clock tea. a story that seems
a combination of Cinderella and Ulysses
on the island of Circe. But the sentiment
is so bald and the construction so obvi
ous that the result is simply fatuous. "Oh.
that mine enemy would write a" book!"
cried ' the criticized poet. that he
would play Geoffrey Annlger in \ "The
Shrinking Shoe!' " say I, and that-I might
be there to take notes. ¦
"LOVED I NOT HONOR MORE'?— This
Is a heart-breaking little play, with a
happy conclusion illogically tacked on. It
calls for one man who can do serious, pa
thetic work; the lady's part and that of
the two subordinate men present no diffi
culties. To get the maximum effect out
of this play— which is really a little trag
edy—the happy conclusion should be cut
out and the logical, tragical conclusion
written in. , If your object be merely to
amuse your friends, this is a good play to
avoid.
"PEER AND HEIRESS"— This calls for
two young men who do not need to be
much more than good looking and two
young girls who must have a decided
aroma of Americanism, about them, which
distills itself through an atmosphere of
good clothes, wit and pedagogy. They
must be fascinating enough to make you
believe that two young Englishmen would
ccme three thousand miles to y look for
them, yet not too clever to make you feel
that they might have done better than be
sa'tiffied with the aforesaid Britishers.
The best thing about this little play Is the
easy, natural manner In which the com
plication is brought about; in other words,
the fable is better than the characteriza
tion. ¦ The reverse is true of "The Charm.".
SCARCELY a week passes but I re
ceive requests from amateurs to
recommend them short plays suit
able, for a drawing-room or a
small hall. It is useless to refer
the Inquirers to French's catalogue, for
this . publication gives only the number
of male or female characters, with no in
dication of the nature of the play. Most
of Mr. Pinero's plays can be procured by
amateurs by addressing his American
agents, W. H. Baker & Co.. Boston. The
royalty is only 510 for each performance.
This fact is little known. I think.' or we
should less seldom see amateur dramat'c
societies delving In the dustheaD of old
fashioned melodramas or stupid farces.
The descriptions of the Plnero plays in
Baker's catalogue can be relied upon ex
cept that which recommends "The Ama
! zons" "to young ladles' schools and col
leges." The three girls in th!3 play hav»
to appear 4n men's clothes and that would
not be edifying. I think, for young ladies
in school or college. Other » catalogues
there are which describe plays, but all
that I am acquainted with are as unrelia
ble as patent medicine advertisements. In
one of these now before me. for instance,
that inane farce, "London Assurance."
is spoken of as follows: "Its types of
character are marvels of skill. It is per
vaded with a never-failing vein of humor
and it fairly sparkles with wit on every
page." To pack more lies than that into
one sentence would be difficult.
Some time ago I had the pleasure of
speaking favorably of Mrs. Sutherland's
"In Far Bohemia" with the result that
this capital little play was capitally put
upon the stage by one of our local dramat
ic societies. To-day I propose to describe
briefly the eight plays for amateurs con
tained in a book by Besant & Pollock
entitled "The Charm and Other Drawing
room Plays." (Stokes. New York.)
"THE CHARM"— This, the longest and
most difficult play in the book, would re
quire about an hour to act. It- is high
comedy, in the Mollere style, of the most
refined type— quiet, subtle and a little arti
ficial. Unless the principal performers are
more than ordinarily intelligent and un
less they are prepared to take time for not
less than fifteen or twenty rehearsals,
they will get only tame effects out of this
charming little work. Many an amateur
play will please if only the ladles .who>
participate are young and beautiful and
will leam to speak their parts well; this
play calls for more than that, since both
the girls in it are required -to appear, in
one scene, as old women. There are two
principal parts for men— more difficult
even than the two ladles' parts, since they
call for characteristics wherein men are
naturally inferior to women— grace of
manner and delicacy of sentiment. There
are three or four little parts, that can be
filled in without difficulty and that will
afford excellent practice for beginners.
"THE VOICE OF, IX) VE"— This is a
better play than its somewhat common
place title would seem to indicate. It con
tains a star role for a young girl and Its
success or its. failure would depend abso
lutely upon her, the two men's parts be
ing very subordinate. The basal Idea of
the play is a pretty and sympathetic one—
that of a girl left poor to the guardian
ship of an old actor, who thinks that be
cause she is beautiful and intelligent he
can make an actress out of her. He finds
she lacks one essential— passion or feel
ing. How to remedy this? Ah," yes: the
man she has dreamed of in childhood re
turns to her;, this is her Romeo; after, he
has spoken she can act Juliet. But having
heard the voice of real love, she no longer
cares to hear the voice of theatric love.
Art Is nothing, life is everything; the old
man loses his pupil, the stage an orna
ment, but Romeo gains his Juliet.
THE PRESIDENT AND THE. SOUTH.
- — ; : . ;-.'-¦• ',.?¦: - ¦ ;_ .•' . :; ¦
T m HE tour of the President through the South marks the passing of the old political and sec
tional order.
From the time of the vindication by John Quincy Adams of the right of petition,
arid Calhoun's system of politics based on the. institution of slavery, the two sections began grow
ing apart. In their systems of education, their social -views, "methods' of business and all, the dis
tance between them began to widen until in the gulf between there was room for the great trag
edy of the Civil War. , ; : & s :>'" : ,
When their railway systems began to develop, every Southern road was built of a different
gauge from the Northern roads, so that all trains had to stop at the border. This proved for
a long time a substantial means of Southern defense in the war, as troop trains could not be. run
across the line until the gauge was changed. Now the President's train starts at Washington
city, runs on the tracks through Virginia, North arid South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee,' Missis
sippi, Louisiana and Texas, passes into New Mexico and Arizona and enters California, to" begin
an equal run through the old North, Ending, every road'of the same gauge, tunnels of the same
capacity, bridges of the same safety, and every facility exactly the same as if the road were all in
one State and under one ownership. But this change is not all that marks the difference between
the old and the new, the past and the. present. The people are no longer -of a different gauge in
respect to their national sentiment. A President from Ohio, from the State of personal liberty
bills, by which the fugitive slave law was nullified, the State of Giddings, Chase and Ben Wade, is
hailed at Vicksburg, New Orleans and Houston with a fervor of patriotism that cannot be excelled
on the Western Reserve. - ..-'.';
The reason need not be sought far. President McKinley has been distinctly non-sectional
in all his actions. In the beginning of his first term he had every excuse for retaliation against sec
tional and partisan attack. Indeed, since Lincoln's day, there was hardly a more pronounced re
crudescence of sectional feeling against a President. The South was to an extent indoctrinated
with financial theories in opposition to all that the President stood for. The South was pinched
and far behind the rest' of the country in progress* and prosperity. The South needed, more than
the North, a fixed and determined adherence, by the National to the principles of
sound money. She needed extension of trade, a restoration of the consuming power of the people.
She needed that prosperity which is the first step to aroused enterprise and progress.
When the President put his hand to 1 the policies that would restore the energies of the
country and the profits of trade, the South expected death, but got life instead. She expected ruin,
but received regeneration. She expected poverty, but was soon clad in the raiment of prosperity.
The President is a statesman and philosopher. He foresaw from -the beginning that end which
must come from the inflexible support of such' public policies as must be the necessary foundation
of general prosperity. He addressed himself immediately to those policies, and stopped neither to
reward nor punish, nor-in any way resent nor notice an opposition that had its "origin in a mis
taken sentiment, and a wrong view of economics and finance. What his mind's eye fashioned as the
future, dimly seen by others five years ago, is the present— seen, felt and, enjoyed by all men, and
by none more thoroughly than by the people of the South.'
They have not been won over to national feeling and approbation by preaching, but by
practice — not by theories, but by results. ¦ ¦ • ** y _^- ;
Therefore it is that praise has' taken the place of blame, approval that of criticism, confi
dence that of fear throughout the South, and the President represents to the people the measures
that have taken them out of their unprosperous and prejudiced past, and have planted their feet
beside ours in the common path that leads out' pf the past, by the pleasant places of the
present, and onward to a future that shines with the light of a still greater day.
His tour, undertaken no doubt with great fatigue, is wholly patriotic. He has reached the
summit of possibilities in this republic. There is no height; left to scale. He cannot make, votes,
nor gather influence for his personal aggrandisements No .selfish motive can be imputed to him
by the hypercritical. He is abroad to benefit his country by proving -: the substantial unity, and^
nationalism of his countrymen, and it is. a'dull spirit that does'not. thrill with the sentiment of his
STOCKMEN'S LINE OF BATTLE.
WE- have already noted the preparation for war on the public range. The line of battle
is extending. A dispatch from Cheyenne says that the cattle men of Sweetwater County,
Wyoming, have also established a dead line and warned sheep men riot to cross it. Up to
date none -have attempted it, though several large bands are. being driven toward it, and' their
drivers say they intend to cross and enter the forbidden pasture. One of these sheep men has
been warned in writing to turn back.
The Carbon County sheep men have offered ajyreward of $250 for each' man convicted of
In Idaho there is a stubborn. fight in the courts to hang a man who took part in the range
war of two years ago,. and all'along the frontier. means lawful and unlawful are in use in the battle
for the free range that belongs to one as much as to another. The property of the whole people
in these range lands on the public domain is the only property in the Union that is not under pro
tection of. the law. It enriches those who use it, and those who' own it get no pay for its use. If
it were. leased, as the Indian reservations are, its use would be paid for, its forage would be ore
served and its proceeds, devoted to irrigation, would, aid materially in the development of the
West without further burdening the taxpayers by irrigation appropriations in the river and
harbor bill.
It is to be hoped that the Secretaries of the Interior and of Agriculture, as they pass
through the region where this war exists,- will observe the conditions and see the necessity for doing
something to extend law and order in place of lawlessness and disorder.
Friend— The only thing they seem to
want is technique. -•• .'
Art Patron (amateurish, but rich)— In
that case I'll have to order a lot from the
dealer right away.— Philadelphia Times. '
CAXIFOBirrAirs XN" WASHXETGTO"N"
WASHINGTON, May 4.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh— C. H. Hilbert, "W. S. Barnes.
"William H. Daly. San Francisco. Gordon
—Mrs. Granvllle MacGowan.jLos Angeles.
EL James— N. MulJer, San Francisco. Na
tional—S. G. ' Marsbute, : Los 'Angeles. -{f
f?AT.TFn"R.TJTATTR HT 2TEW YOKE.
NEW TORE, May 4.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— TV. W. Funger is at the Hoff
man, H. B. Roble Is at the "Westminster,
J. R, Selfrldg-e is at the Park Avenue, J.
Donald, and Mrs. S. Knight are at the
Holland. A, C. McMillan is at the Hoff
man, F. S. Miner Is at the Imperial, R. A.
Perry Is at the Hoffman, -J. Rodda and
wife are at the St. Denis and S. M. E.
Enges is at the Cadillac. - . .
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
FRUIT TRADE JOURNAL— B. W. B.,
Sacramento, Cal. The Fruit Trade Jour
nal is published in the city of New York.
a MINERALS— J. M. C, City. For the In
formation desired about "minerals in the
rough,", make application to the State
Mining Bureau in the union depot build
ing at the foot of Market street.
SPONGE— Constant Reader, Oakland.
The sponge is the skeleton of simply or
ganized animals. This department has not
been able to discover any account of man
ufactured Eponge. The sponge Is a prod
uct of the sea.
CANADA— E. "W. B., Sacramento, Cal.
This department is ready and willing- to
answer questions to which answers
can be obtained, but as it is not a guess-
Ing bureau It will not undertake to answer
questions that are not plainly stated, as
for Instance, your question," ""Will you
please state when the result of the Do
minion of Canada will be made known?"
MINERALS— E. '¦ D. B., Kelseyville, Cal.
The office of the State Mineralogist Is in
the ferry building at the, foot of Market
street, San Francisco. Any , specimen of
rock sent to him for examination, will be
tested, free of charge, and a certificate
forwarded to the sender, In which there
will be given a report of the' character of
the rock and what it contains, but the per
centage of metal, if any, win not be
given. , • .
MOLD— R. H. "WV. Caspar, Cal. Mold is
a - contributory parliamentary borough,
parish and market place in the county of
Flint, "Wales, eleven miles west by south
of Chester, on the I* and N. "W. Railroad
In the neighborhood are extensive col
lieries, lead mines, limestone quarries and
potteries. There are two market days-
Wednesday and Saturday. The acreage
?$'J&° SSF lsh I* -12.839 and. the population
11.700. The place is also known for inter
esting relics of antiquity, namely, Druidic
circles, Roman roads and encampments
Saxon earthworks, an . eminence - called
Bryn Belli, once surmounted by a castle
and a castellated building known as tS
Tower of Rheinalt ab Gruffydd, the last
two mentioned having been sites of local
conventions between the English and the
Welsh. -.Many jold families have mansions
in the neighborhood, 'whose pleasing vari
ety of scenery renders it attract! veT, ~ -
Not es a wonder child, but as a stu
dent, the little girl came before her audi
enoc on Tuesday evening and astonished
It by her musical prowess. She played
the brilliant- ."Scene* de Ballet" of De
Berlot and the "Wleniawski ."Legende,"
and her renderings made it quite evident
that there Is lacking nothing in the men
tal and emotional equipment of the little
player that- goes to «make the musician.
Her ear is perfect, she has both a strong
and delicate tone, phrasing and shading
are alike excellent, and her bowing and
fingering leave absolutely nothing to be
desired at t^<5 stage of her on-going. Lit
tle Miss Parlow has also a very pleasing
platform "manner, and from the charming
naturalness of her performance it was
pleasantly Inferred that' nervousness is
only & name to her.. ,„¦¦:'
Curious to learn who has. so effectively
directed the child's studies, I inquired and
found that to Henry Holmes the credit of
the last year's ¦work is due, and that her
former teacher. Mr. Conrad, still takes a
sufficient interest in the small violinist's
career to attend all her lessons at Mr.
Holmes* .house and supervise her practice
during tha week. _It Is. not easy to im
eglne a triser regime than that under
•which Kathleen Parlow is growing up.
She studies the ordinary school curricu
lum •with her mother, practices from three
to four Jaocrs a. day and spends all the
rest of her tim» In the beautiful San Ra
fael sunshine. Mens sana in . corpore Is
the one rigid Ideal adhered to, and how
•well it feas succeeded the audience" of the
ether evening will bear willing witness.
I understand, too, that the numbers given
the other night by little Kathleen were
in very deed and truth "child's play" to
her, and that among other big things her
repertoire Includes tho Max Bruch G
minor concerto, the ninth .concerto of
Cpohr and the Bach E minor sonata.
As for the rest of the ballad concert. It
¦was competently directed by "Wallace A.
Sabin, who must ; be congratulated o"n
the very good programme, that Included
eongs by the well-known musicians,
Mrs. J. E. Birmingham. Mrs. Carrie
Brown Dexter. J. Van Llnghem, Alger
non Asplaxid and . Robert Blair. . Arthur
Fickensher contributed three good piano
solos, and Mr. Babin accompanied.
Qnlta too good, a story to . be lost to
sight Is that one dear to memory of how
the popular tenor, Donald de V. Graham,
recently missed a pupil In the gentle art
of making madrigals.
It came about this way. C D. Robin-
Bon, artist, and good fellow generally,
last week Invited Charles, Rollo Peters,'
the Monterey, moonlighter, to assist him^
In Tna-iring tip his mind as to the wisdom
of a painting trip to the "©semite Valley
this summer. Mr. Peters made haste to
assure" his fellow craftsman of his lull
approval in the following fashion:' - '• ¦•-• '
"A painting trip to the To-s^mite? T\"hy,
of course, C D., it would pay up to the
hilt; but it has to be done, up in style.
You know how those fellows up there
•work things, don't you? Tom Hill and
Chris Jorgensen? No? "Well, I'll let you
In on it; you're a friend of mine. It is
simple enough, but remarkably effective
¦with the picturesquely inclined Easterner.
""When. Jorgeasen went up there he
built himself a handsome log cabin
studio, and then set to work and painted
until he filled the place with pictures.
After that It was easy. Every night he
builds a great fire In his studio, sets the
doer wide open, and then, to tha tum
tum cf a banjo warbles such melting
melodies that the tourists flock in to his
parlor as thick as mosquitoes on a Jer
sey swamp— end there you are!"
* 1 don't exactly see — " hesitated the
Englishman.
"Why, of course Jorgensen locks the
door and won't let . the crowd out until
they buy a picture,*' Peters gravely ex
plained.
"But I can't sing!" tha other painter
objected.
Mr. Peters kept his gravity long enoagh
to explain that Chris Jorgensen (whose
vocal reputation Is a Peters myth) could
not king either, until h© had studied for
the piracy in the high trees with Donald
de V. Graham before j going Yosemite
•Brard. The other painter's half -fledged
inquiry as to terms is still In the air.
Tba flirt public appearance of Miss
Frances H. "Wertheimer, pianist, since her
return from a long period of European
study was the signal for much friendly
enthusiasm on Thursday evening last at
Sherman & Clay Hall. Assisting Miss
Wertheimer were John R. Lewis, violin-
B. F. Brooks, an extensive oil man of
Bakersfleld. Is at the Palace.
P". H. Metcaf t, a prominent dentist of
Eacramaato, is a guest at the Palace.
Bradner "W. Lee, a prominent attorney
Df Los Angeles, Is staying at the Palace.
Dr. W. , H. Greenberg, a physician of
Sacramento, is spending a few days at the
Grand.
Colonel A. G. Gassen of San Diego Is
In the city. He registered at the Palace
yesterday. ">¦ \\\
A. B. Lemmon, a prominent business
man of Santa Rosa, registered at the
Grand yesterday. . . :
J. H. "Wright, a dry roods merchant of
Portland, Or., Is here on business and is
staying at the Palace. . .
H. H. Francisco, commercial agent of
the Santa Fe system, with headquarters
In this city, left yesterday for an Eastern
trip. W. B. Hlnchman, chief clerk, will
assume charge during his absence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, SUNDAY^ MAY 5, 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO €^ALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. 'S-W^S Address Communications" to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY .. :......... .... ....... ..... ....... l .:....-...;;.:." v '..... ;. r v.. v . r f. :......;........... IMAY «5.IOO!
Publication Office.......... '. <5^|j||^> f Market and Third, S. F.
KATHLEEN PARLOW, MUSICIAN,
Creates a Sensation at the Concert of
BRITISH BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON'.
18
PERSONAL MENTION.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTIKKM EJTTS.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. f
Catalogues and Price Llst3 Mallei
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PICJ IRON.
JC U II CnV k Cfl 90 ° 8tr««t.
• Jw nll>3Uil tt VU-. Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
CH7 CllITfl Shl I > Plcn>h ln*. Steamboat and
. ff» Oillll U> Ship Work a specialty. 18 and
18 Washington »t. Telephone Main 6W. .-,¦¦,./,
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
liC RflYFSfcCi) Sh'PPJn* Butchers. 104
JA> IWlEJttVtf» Clay. T«L Main 1394.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A KXXI3.
413 Front »t-, S. P. Phone Main 1719.
PR1NTINO.
E.G HUGHES. ;Kn ¦aggggS. ,,
- ; PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUTJD CO..
- : - ¦ - - '¦¦ » V*r*t Street. San Pranclaoo.
. .v STATIONER AND PRINTER.
™ -828* PASTRIDOE T ?te phla
Dr. Humphreys'
Specific System covers as wide a range
of disease as it is safe for a layman to
treat. A few of the most' used cures are*i
Grip and Colds— The uSe of "77" starts
the blood coursing through the veins un-
til it reaches the extremities, ' when the
feet warm up and the Cold is broken.
Eheumatism— The I use' of ] No. 15 neu-
tralizes the uric acid In the blood, and the
poison passes off through the kTdneys.
% Dyspepsia. - Indigestion, Stomach
—The useof No. 10 stimulates the gastric
juices,',the food assimilates, the digestion
is perfected. » " ¦ "
'.-KEalaria Is prevalent owing to the up-
heaval of the streets. The use of No. IS
"breaks "up" the Chills and Fever, while
its 'tonicity sustains the system.
23 cents each at druggists, or mailed.:*
A pocket epitome of Domestic Practice
mailed for the asking/ A postcard 'will do.
Humphreys' Homeopathio Medicin« ' Co.," coiC
William and John "ats., ; New York.
A man gets down to bed rock when h«
has to keep the cradle in motion.
Special.' Information supplied., dally- to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street: Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
I B. KATSCHINSKI, f
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
110 THIRD ST., San Francisco. |
Very Charming I
For 80c. I
What every lady requires— A neat fit- H
tins Sandal to wear at home. They El
are easy on tha feet and very stylish. ||
Special sale of . Ladles' Fln» Kid One- |
Strap Sandals, with low coin toea, I
turned soles and low heels. Reduced |
. to SO cent* a pair; sizes S to 8, widths |
IFOR FANCY DANCING. I
For fancy dancing and ballet— One- H
¦trap Kid Sandals, with puckered toes; M
sizes 9 to SH. widths B and C: price. If
*3. ¦ Special rates to dancing daaees. jd
New 80-page Illustrated catalogue lost Ej
j out Send for one. H
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
I 10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco. |Thomas Conwuy and William Russell,
who were convicted in Judge Lawlor*s
court of burglary for breaking lntp_a gun
store on California street, were sentenced
to five years each in San Quentln and Fol
som penitentiaries respectively. Robert
Gunn, who pleaded guilty to burglary for
breaking into a cigar store and stealing
thirteen boxes of cigars, -was sentenced to
three years In San Quentln.
Prisoners Are Sentenced.
Is the bankrupt sale of shoes. Ladies', and
men's vicl kid shoes, worth $3, to-morrow
for $1 45 a pair. Yes, $145 will buy the
very latest style shoes in vlci kid, either
for ladies or men, at the bankrupt sho©
sale of the California Shoe Company, 1506
Market street, above City Hall avenue.. •
Merrily Going On
Italy Firmly Announces That There
Shall Be No Distinction Among
Her Subjects.
' ROME, May 4.— Signor di Martinez, the
Under Foreign Secretary, announced In
the Chamber of Deputies that Turkey
had twice in 1900 asked the representatives
of the powers to intervene with the ob
ject of preventing foreign Jews from set
tling in Ottoman territory. The first time
the embassies replied that they could not
take the measures demanded. The second
time no answer was given except by Italy,
which country explicitly, refused to make
any distinction - among Italian subjects
abroad.
Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, May 4.— The London Chronicle's
report of a Franco-Russian revival of the
Egyptian question was warmly discussed
by the Deputies at gatherings in the lob
bies of the Chamber during the recess to
day. The general opinion was that the re
port was unfounded. Premier Waldeck-
Rousseau declared . that the Government
did not desire to stir up the question, and
M. Denys Cochin, a close follower of
Egyptian developments, said it •would be
a flagrant contradiction of the present
French policy, and at this moment, when
France was pointing her efforts in the di
rection of Morocco and a tacit agreement
appeared to have established the African
continent into two vast domains — the
French to the west and the English to the
East— a demonstration against Egypt is
most improbable.
OBJECTION IN TTJUKETST
TO ATT. FOREIGN JEWS
Beported Probability of Its Early Be
vival Excites Members of the
FRANCE NOW WOBBLED
OVER EGYPTIAN QUESTION"
Summerland is reported to be Increas
ing Its output as rapidly as possible. There
are seven rigs working and more to come.
The Monte Cristo Company has a new
well In the Kern River district that fs re
ported to be flowing at the rate of .1100
barrels per day. It is credited with being
the greatest well in the State. This is
the twelfth well that the Monte Cristo
Company has drilled on section 5, 29, 28.
Six oil companies filed articles of incor
poration at Bakersfleld on Mayday. These
are the following: Alva/ Bolena, Hecla.
Argosy, Henrietta and Stephens. f
A proposition is under discussion at
Woodland for the formation of a company
of twenty men, each to put up $500 for
the purpose of drilling for oil. on some
spot to be selected as near Woodland. as
possible. "Joe" Craig and Charles Nelson
have taken the lead in the matter.
The Holllster Bee enumerates the fol
lowing companies as at work or soon to
operate in the Vallecltos and Panocne
districts: Palace, Casanova. Volunteer
Fireman, Eagle, Humming Bird. Annex,
Star Line, Anchor Line, California Crude.
Ohio, Home Security, London, Western
Union, Mendota, Artesia, Little Aber
deen, Union Pacific, Gilt Edge, Franklin,
Cygnet, Oil Tank, No. 3, Starlight, Gro
cers, Ktnerald, Mucho Dinero, Las Lu
citas, Fresno, Alpha, White Dome, Rlley,
San Carlos, Schley, Dewey, Vallecltos,
McCoy, San Jose' Petroleum, Union, Cerro
Bonito, Santa Maria, Esmeralda, Ashurst,
Hamlltonian, San Benito, La Primera,
American Mutual, Partello, Bay Trade,
Callena, Clear Light, National, Dos Palos,
Panochito, Vulcan, Stanford, Mercy.
Anglo-California, Sun Oil and Petroleum,
Elkhorn. Golden State Land and Develop
ment, Beacon Light, Champion, Uncle
Sam, LehlKh. San Jose, Century. Insromar.
Olympia, Wonder, Olaly, Indian Valley,
Hawkeye, Star, Avoca, Owl, La Fiesta,
Idria, Templore and Silver Creek Petro
leum.
Woodland Has a Plan.
The citizens of Holllster, so -says the
Holllster Bee r have confidence oil will bo
found in that vicinity and have subscribed
a sufficient sum of money to begin drill,
ing upon the Payne ranch, using the rig
of the San -Benito County OH Company,
paying the rental of the same in stock.
countered a body of salt water at a depth
of 1080 feet, which came up \yith such
force that it was considered impossible to
drill deeper. It was impossible to case the
water off, as the company was using the
smallest casine made.
. Shasta County has another new corn
pan v, called the Determination Oil Com
pany, which is incorporated under the
laws of Arizona, with a stock issue of
$1,000,000 provided. for. Lands amounting
to 4000 acres have been located in Tehama
County. The officers are: President, E>r.
E. Gr Frisbie of San Francisco: vice pres
ident, W. H. Brott of Bakersfield: secre
tary, W. L.Wentworth of Anderson. ...
The directors of the Minor Ranch Oil
Company, which owns lands in Colusa
County, near Gibson Spring, have decided
to purchase a standard rig to replace the
small one that has been used for boring
prospect holes in the country. ,
A correspondent at Bakersfleld writes
that the discovery of oil on section 23, 32,
23, in the Midway district, extends th©
territory and indicates that the belt is
more than half a mile wide. The strike
of a company drilling between the Dab
ney lease and the town of McKlttrick Is
also considered important as showing' the
country to be productive down two and a
half miles from the McKlttrick Com
pany's scene of operations. - •
According to the Sacramento Record
Union, the order for fifty oil cars of 6500
gallons capacity has been nearly filled.
When these cars are turned out work will
begin on the 13,000-gallon tank cars, of
which fifty have been ordered. ¦
Miller & Lux have entered Into an
agreement to bore artesian wells to supply
the McKittrick district with 'pure water.
The agreement is with W. M. Rank. Work
must begin within thirty days. .
Vr The San Benito County Oil Company en-
Shasta's New Company.
' All producing oil companies ln'the State
have received the circular letter scut out
by a committee concerning the proposed
Combined ; Petroleum Producers' Associa
tion. From advices received from such
companies as have taken the matter un
der consideration it '. appears certain the
"sentiment of the producers Is favorable
to th3 general plan. Included in the pow
ers of tho association, as provided, are
building of pipe lines, f ailroa'cla, tank
steamships and also to charter steam
ships. With the sale of lands by a com
pany to a third party the shares sub
scribed for in the association revert to the
association unles-s the successor in owner- j
ship, of the lands shall subscribe to the
Contracts and agreements entered into by
the selling stockholder upon the prior con
sent'of the association. It is expected the
declsion'of -each company in this import
ant. matter will soon be received. San
Francisco is designated as the principal
place of business. *.
The Los Angeles Herald gives currency
to the report that there Is a probability
that most of the oil wells in Los Angeles
will be closed for a month or so. Forty
producers met,' and while they . did not
reach any decision, at their first confer
ence the drift of opinion was in favor of
suspending operations" for a brief period.
There - are 882 wells in the Los Angeles
field which have marketed their product,
and the present total output of Los An
geles ' is estimated at 105,000 barrels per
month. There are stored about 169,000 bar
rels of petroleum in Los Angeles, of which
135,000 barrels are subject to sale. To dis
pose of this oil by November 1 with the
current product Involves a monthly con
sumption of "127,500 barrels. A committee
has been appointed to devise a plan of ac
tion concerning the Los Angeles producers
and to report at a future meeting. This
committee wM make a study of the prob
able consumption of oil during the coming
six months, and will report upon that In
teresting point.
T*> Raise the Price.
AccordlngXto the figures submitted it
was claimed the demand and supply in
Los Angeles willibe nearly equalized, pro
vided the sale of oil now on hand is con
trolled. The committee consists of Dr. W.
A. Lamb, L. G. Parker, W. H. Allen, E.
A. Doran, C. H. Daggett, Thomas O Don
nell and W. A. Morgan. The Los Angeles
Times says the purpose actuating the
movers in the matter is to obtain control
of the local petroleum market. Closing
down is proposed as a means of raising
the price of oil. . - , "
Already there has been a reduction in
derations in Los Angeles. There were
twenty-nine wells less drilling in the Los
Angeles field in April . than there were in
March. This Is conceded to be a sign
that the producers have decided to cur
tail operations until>the market recovers
from the effect of the developments in
other fields during the past year.V
According to the Bieber Gazette, there
is much excitement in Modoc County be
cause of the reported finding of oil on the
ranch of J. H. Hornbeck, between Cedar
ville and Eagleville, in Surprise Valley.
A flow of gas that burns is one of the
symptoms taken to indicate that there Is
oil in the vicinity- Oil locations have been
made and the people are undergoing the
experience that dwellers in other counties
have been having during the past few
months. ' .
Radical Steps Proposed to
Do Away With- Over
production.
Los Angeles Companies
May Close Down for
a Time. '%_ '
OIL PRODUCERS
TO CEASE WORK
Of course it is of no avail to consider
money made by men like the Rockefellers
and Morgan and their immediate friends.
They are regarded as the greatest winners
in Wall street, and their winnings amount
up into the millions.- A few days ago
Otto Loeb, the well-kr.own Wall-street
trader, bought 5000 shares of Union Paci
fic. It kept going up and up by seconds,
and in fifteen minutes it had reached a
point where he concluded to let go. He
sold in just one-quartor of an hour and
made a clean pro lit of S35,0Q0-
Fortune in a Few Minutes.
Men who were little known outside of
their own communities before the elec
tion of McKInley have an international
reputation as millionaires, consolidators
and combiners. For instance, few persons
outside the confines of Chicago ever
heard of John W. Gates or Mpore Broth
ers half a dozen or so years ago. Gates
to-day is known on both sides of the
Atlantic as a gambler in anything in
which he believes he can get a fair run
for his money. '<¦ ¦ Oi ¦
Gates bought United States Steel shares,
common and preferred, and, it is said, out
of those alone he made nearly double
what he lost on his first steel and wire
speculation. He and his friends have
been in Union Pacific trading and are sam
to' have unloaded most of their holdings
on Thursdary and Friday morning at long
prices. Gates Is put down as a winner at
the close of the market to-day to the
amount of $2,000,000. A large part of thi3
sum has been made in the past two weeks.
Other members of the "Chicago crowd"
have been able to divide about $6,000,000 or
57,000,000.
Ue-w Millionaires Are Hade.
NEW YORK, May 4.— When bankers
and brokers were ready to go home to
day for a day and a half's holiday the
general feeling seemed to be It was a
mighty good thing for everybody that a
check had come to speculation. One of
the bank presidents is quoted as saying
the level of prices the past week has been
altogether too high and not such as to
warrant conservative loans 6n securities
traded in. This man said there would
probably be no combination on the part
of banks to restrict loans, but there
would continue to be very decided dis
crimination on the part of bankers be
tween intrinsic and inflated values. .The
irclinatlon on the part of the public
seems to be to regard this fortune-mak
ing as having been compassed in about
sis days. As a matter of fact the period
of making has covered, generally speak
ing, about five years, more | particularly
speaking, about six -months. The riches
that have been accumulated by specula
tion and the wealth that has been built
up in trade must trace their actual point
of beginning to the first election of Mc-
Kinley. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Plungers
John W. Gates and Moore
Brothers Among Lucky
Millionaires Are Made
During the Recent
Speculation..
WEALTH GAINED
IN WALL STREET
THE SAN FRANX3ISCO CAIili, BinNDAY,'MAr 5, 1901.
Spies Bring Information of His Ad
vance and Intention to Make
More Raids.
ADEN, May. 4.— Spies who have come in
report that Mad Mullah is marching with
a considerable force from Iassidar, four
days' march from the Tug-Dhar River
northward, with the object of \ raiding
Berbera is soon as the British force leaves
Burao. A general British advance was
expected May 1, but the Mullah's rapid
marches caused a constant change of
plans. . ¦ »
An Increase in Wages.
CHICAGO, May 4.— Betw«en 8000 and 9000
employes in the forty shops of the entire
Illinois Central Railway system have been
given a horizontal increase of 5 per cent
in wages. Although just issued, the order
was made to take effect May 1 and will
increase the annual payroll of the com
pany nearly $300^000.
Mrs. Dewey, Recovering.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Mrs. Dewey,
wife of the admiral, was some better to
day. She has been suffering from'tonsili
tlB. ¦ ' ¦•¦¦...¦ •¦- ¦•/ /.:
fWAT> TV! \f >.T. ATT MARCHES
TO OUTWIT THE BRITISH
dications that the coal owners and mer
chants are wavering In regard to the ad
visability of urging the miners . to close
the pits. The divisions among the men,
too, are becoming more marked. The
Derbyshire mines, tile membership of
which is 30,000, to-day unanimously passed
a resolution against the export tax on
coal, but by a small majority decided not
to stop work. • -.•¦.¦.
They Object to Export Tax on Coal
but Hesitate to
. Strike.
LONDON. May 4.— There are further in-
MINERS IN ENGLAND
MAY CONTDTTJE WOBK
Conger to-day authorized the publication
of the following card:
DES MOINES, Iowa, May 4.— Editor
Register: In reply to hundreds of letters
from all over Iowa, which I cannot an
swer personally, urging me to accept the
nomination for Governor by the Republi
can party, I ask the Register to say that
I repeat the statement first made— that I
cannot be a candidate, but will accept the
nomination if it is tendered me. Very re
spectfully submitted. E. H. CONGER.
Minister Says, However, He Will Not
Consent to Be Candidate
for It
DES MOINES, Iowa, May 4.-Minister
CONGER WTT,T. ACCEPT
NOMINATION IN IOWA
The Ministers and generals have agreed
upon the Peiho River improvement com
mission, which is to be composed of one
member each from the consular body, the
Tientsin provincial government and the
commissioners of customs, and the fol
lowing have been nominated:
Prom the consular body, Mr. Hopkins;
from the provisional government, General
Wogack, and from the commissioners of
customs, Herr Detring.
It is intended that the commission shall
begin its work immediately.
LONDON, May 4.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Sunday Special declares
that the statements that Germany has
selected a concession in Canton, of which
it will shortly tak3 possession, or has
made a special demand upon China are
absolutely without foundation. -
TIENTSIN, May 4.— Some German sol
diers who were guarding a German bridge
across the Peiho at the south end of the
British concession here fired on a British
tug, the Ego, this morning, wounding two
of her crew. The bridge impedes river
traffic and the tug touched it.
Two of Crew Wounded
by Guards on the
Peiho Bridge.
GERMANS FIRE
0N BRITISH TUG
Notwithstanding Russia's official state
ment to this and other Governments that
It has no connection with the action taken
In Brown's ease, it Is understood that In
diplomatic circles In Seoul the disposition
Is to place the blame upon. the shoulders
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, May 4.-McLeavy
Brown, Director of Customs of Korea, has
become an international Incident of con
siderable Importance. Official reports re
ceived from Mr. Allen, American Minis
ter in Seoul, show that Great Britain and
Japan are earnestly insisting upon his re
tention in the office from which it is re
ported he has again been dismissed.
Epedfd XXspatch to Tbe Call.
Britain and Japan In
sist on Brown's Re
tention.
KOREA'S ACTION
CAUSES ALARM
of the Russian Minister. It has been
Stated that Brown was removed because
of his failure to pay interest on the Jap
anese loan, but it is evident that the Jap
anese Government is not concerned over
Its failure to receive Interest, as It Is sup
porting Brown.
Both Great Britain and Japan will, it
is expected, make vigorous representa
tions to the Korean Emperor contemplat
ing Brown's -restoration. Mr. Allen, un
der Instructions sent him. when Brown
was dismissed several weeks ago, will re
new his representations in behalf of his
reappointment.
In his first dispatch to the Government
Allen asserted that Brown's removal men
aced American Interests and his mall re
ports elaborate on this point. Just how
American interests would be injured is not
made plain, as it is not probable that an
other person could be selected acceptable
to aU foreign governments who could per
form the duties of the office of Director
of Customs. Brown naturally has a grasp
on Korean customs affairs and is friendly
to Americans, so that this Government
prefers that he should remain.
The Brown Incident is not likely to pro
voke an international conflict, but the au
thorities fear that it will be another addi
tional cause for irritation in the relations
between Russia and Japan, and they de
sire that friction between these two coun
tries should be minimized.
Butterine Plant Destroyed. ,
CHICAGO, May 4.— Fire to-night de
stroyed the butterin© plant of th© A. B.
Friedman Manufacturing Company, situ
ated In the heart of the stockyards dis
trict The Iocs is 5150,000.
19
Vudiuc lot TxiilOf i uii ii lure*
We are beyond question n ad Fr q a u n a c^
for housefurnishings. You can depend upon what you tuy here. The
name PATTOS1EN guarantees the quality, the durability, and. that honest,
careful workmansh.p which insures lasting worth. We ? do not advertise
one thing at a low price and. then try to sell you another. Every article is
priced on the start as low as merchandise fit to sell can be sold for, and that
price is so much lower than the same article sells for elsewhere that it will
pay you to do your buying here.
Carpets and rugs. Rare rug values.
1.17 1-2 for Bigelow Low- 3.25 choice new rugs.
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY
Pleasant. Palatable, Potent, Taste Good. Do Good.
Herer Slclcen, Weaken, or Gripe, 10, 0, and » cent*
per box. Write for free sample, and booklet on
health. Address *&
KTtSIXSQ BXUXST COX7AXT, CIIICAOO *r m TOSK.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$1OO invested THIS
WEEK In a proposition we
now have on hand WILl*
MAKE you &1OOO.
JAS. R. T. MERSHON, f
Member S. F. Oil Exchange.
,537, 53S, 539, 55O PARROTT BDC.S.P.
OIL -WATER.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
IRON PIPE
FOR OTX. WELLS, FOR XRRIOATION, TO3
POWER FLJLNTS. FOR MrN'ES.
TANKS
FOR OXU FOR WATER. FOR CTAJHD3I
PLANTS.
,;; ¦¦¦!¦" BAR FRANCISCO, . ¦
DIRECTORY of REPUTABLE
California Fortune Oil Co*
10 *er«a Sunset. SO acres McKlttrick. SO acre*
la Coaling:*. Now drUUnc In Sunset. LUntted
amount of stock at 60c. Information and pros-
pectus furnlsned on application to E. DEN-
ICKE. Secretary, room «1» Parrott bldx. 8. T.
NAPA AND BEKKTES8 A VALLKT On,
COMPACT— Control* 1000 acre* of U. S. patent*
ed land In Napa County whew tn« Cneot lahrt- '
eatlnc oil In California U found; Mock at W
cents; prospectus furnished. (70 and Rl Parrott
building. San Francisco.
SAUNAS OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
1180 ACRES JN MONTERET COUNTT.
Well down S00 feet; small amonst oX treasury
ctock ' at ioc per thare. Prospectus and man
¦nd Information on application. 3. B. OLSEN.
Eccratary. 674 Parrott bulldlns. San Franeiaeo.
SAN JOSE OIL EXCHANGE JS5" ia o^i
lands boug-ht and sold; legitimate business from
responsible companies solicited. E. C ROD-
WICK, Manager; telephone Main 147; 2* N.
First st., 8an Jose. Cal.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands In heart of McKlttrick District, ad.
Joininc laree producing wella. Small block ot
•tock for sal*. Prospectus and Information fur-
elsbed at room 60S Safe Deposit Building-, 32$
Montgomery »t.
A CrIlCMCSTKR'S ENGLISH
>J\ X^L »>r CHI(3HJE3TER-S E^GLjSh
?1 %9 S«-Mt«^«« 8«i«a t« tlo-. mad lalta*
Cl a! -
\5y3?Q MARKET ST. 3J-^asi*y
CAFE ,BOKIiLB»a
Will aa "WIIIM 8& overcoats and
valUea checked free.
PBBBBffiT'iifwiUitfiaM >miii*iiiW
If yon haren't * regular, healthy moTemen* of til*
bowels OTOry day, you'ro 111 or wUl be. Keep yovr
bowels open, and be well. Force. In the shape of vio-
lent physio or pill poison, is dangerous. Tho smooth-
est, easiest, moil perfect way of keeping tbe bowel*
clear and clean la to take
/^!2l * (%*C\ c^ Brussels — all the new col-
k Jcf^ * 3£^j orings and designs — the greatest
1 1 'An^S.' carpet value ever offered in San
r *\ trlkll 7trv\ * or Axtnin-
/ /j^^C^n^p^S 1-10 for Smith's Axmin-
?&*?&$ Ill^M^-tr^c 90c for velvet carpets in the
( v^ r f.^?>, 8^^^St'rj'V lighter weights which resemble
$hb <^) <&$£n~&jP^ r ' t^ lc better an<^ niore expensive
/K^**^. £&M!3!^c^^X& qualities — borders and stairs to
r *^ <^Kfc> "^^^^^" !^» match.
xS^^^^^^ 1^ 35.00 for 9x12 exclusive
*yi£/'*' ~- Wilton rugs. •
18.00 for 9x12 new Ax-
minster rugs-r'worth $25.00. x
Qaarter oak extension table^ — finely finished, 48-inch
round top — shaped legs — richly carved — 25 to go — <;|o rsr\
dosing the line of these popular tables— special. 3»lO»OvF
Lace curtains. Brass and iron beds.
75c for $1.25 ruffled muslin 2.50 for $4.06 iron bed-^
enrtains^thow attractive, ser- ** size^or summer homes and
riceable curtzins-a yards, long. -"S™**. <l«rt«n- • ¦
40 icches 39.75 for $50.00 solid brass
_ . _ bed — bow foot — i}4-inch posts—
5.25 a pair — special Offer — we ll trimmed and finely lac-
Every curtain in our immense quered.
stock up to $8.00 a pair, indud- 10.00 for $14.00 hair mat-
ing all the new and desirable tress— our special 35-lb. all hair
makes— Renaissance, American mattress— finest ticking— a soft,
Arabian*. Cluny. Bxns*els, Insa serviceable, luxurious mattress.
points, tambours, etc ~ . . . .
Couches, chairs.
Hand-made curtains. 1 5.75 reduced from $22.00
12.50 for $l8.OO French — hair filled couches — our own
hand-made lace curtains — a oc'tc j j r o»
grouping of twelve distinctly ele- 26.75 reduced from $35.00
gant lace curtains — renaissance — leather covered easy chairs,
and Brussels borders. with polished oak frames.
inscEixAiraoTJs.
1 1 v? Special Apron Sale 8S
|j I *J+ Made of exceptionally fine BI
ffl B _ A quality lawn— fancy open work g| B
I'i SG lS 1 around bottom and on strings; II
¦¦' 1 01 I strings, beautifully made — neat i§
i ffl ULP* £*T&S & I cial, beginning to-morrow.... rag
M lJiJa^^iAy~ > -'jlf!JK#45EE^ (Come early for the aprons, for there I q
A Battenbepg Tidies— |1
r\ . Hand-made. 18 inches square — all lace or with linen centers — h B
Ir pretty for dining-room tables and backs of chairs — our $1.00 ft} 13
|| and $1.25 lines special, beginning to-morrow ~rs- r hS
11 Hemstitched Doilies— II
m W Spanish drawn work — 6 inches square — pure linen — the H S
H H kind we have been selling at $1.50 — special q,. . S'H
rag beginning to-morrow oOC QOZ» Ea If
Kg We secured in New York a small lot of proves at a re- isi n
K| '*a t markably low price — they are to be placed on sale to-morrow j|I H
Oh at a little above cost to us — a chance to get a good pair of 23 B.
M nt gloves cheap — two clasp, embroidered backs — jusr such a glove fta n
moi as yOU usua^ v cet at $i-oo — fitted at the counter — black. 13 M
Hi tan or red, in every size — a strong value />a_ • fj m
EH f lO7 m JOS POST iSTL t?4 tkii
*^
Smyrna rugs, 30x60.
Wilton rugs, 27x54.
1 0.00 — rare rugs.
Prayer Turkish rugs, 42x66.
Smyrna rugs, 6x9.
Furniture.
2.25 reduced from $3.50—
high grade leather seat dining-
room chairs. : ,
3.75 reduced from $6.75 —
fancy corner chairs.
35.00 reduced from $45.00
— solid mahogany Davenport
sofas.
Mattings — Chinese and
Japanese mattings, direct from
the Orient — 50 down to..l2}4c.
Sale^k -
Jr' ft \ \ \\ C* C# °XXT 1 %
ufi v JL JL \mS Vv a vk
Jr' Another sale and another saving for our customers.!*
lU' Here is a lot of specials at prices you ought to appreciate — vljt
M especially so if you have been paying what other stores Vw
/ ii nese prices are good until Saturdav JWav iithi • IH'
f ' A 2wC tooth brush and 25c tube of Cuticura And Pears SoaD * ' one in
:,i Ltiley s Dental Cream to^tthir 25c cake of each for 25c I
\u _ pr c e ix 5C *« n. L • r Three hard rubber pipes— Hi
Epsom Salt*— 1-Ib package 5c Regular price 25c • m
Wl Regular price ioc. Hermita S e Whiskey 65c 'I
m Vratams* Shaving Sticks 15c A auart bottle of this good, Ml
wa Our regular price 20c old whiskey at a big re- jml
usa Red Cross Absorbent Cotton 35c ductlon. mil
Wsa i-lb package — usually sells Lennox Hair Tonic 50c u/fl
\\^v n.ti Or j 5<x * nt -x t t •r'^ Regular price $1— our usual Ml
WA Belbdonna Plasters four for 25c price 75c— a biz cut for /////
Wig. Regular price three for 25c this week only. ff/JI
' VSoV Open ell the time — NigHt end Day. JrJy ~-'\S ;
\Jj\ ' 1125 H*rM«t St. San Frmnclte* *p f/w
\ Vk^a Bri»dw»y V lO«h Si.. O*hUnd ffW
gjjj ¦ ¦ ¦ !¦ ¦ TQsr h .%, W m of a HB B V any bank in San Francisco, to be
H paid after ho is entirely well. If it
1 ODICKLY flnd PERMANENTLY. 'lzs mZ™£^££ o m™™r£- i
N YU1V11L/A 1IUU A I^llUl^mmi lliti stallments. It requires confidence
m . " . ; backed by ability. to make such an
H ____^ \ ; i- ¦ • - : ¦¦..-- offer. No other doctors will under-
|| ' :t v\ take a cure on these conditions.
I have become famous by jHBHBHjf^ 1 FEW DANGEROUS
1 curing the following ffi^^^^^g;;- SYMPTOMS
H I flQT MANHOOD. •> SwliSilli? ?7 flesh, palpitation of the
m LUOI IVIMiiIlwwwf evSiSS^^A IS HEART PAIN IN THE BACK,
ii PRFMATURE DECAYf v™H$fp - t.<^«X nervousness, sleep less-
m rncMHi unt ufcumi xr^Wb -^urfg^ast. .*sawi^ ness, loss of vitality, an-
k3 iimkiatiirai i n Ws &^Z~~z!&i*M Iwisriw noyino dreams, aversion to
m UNfWVI UKAiL LUoO'to* >Sl>W %gzrt society, lack op ambition,
H .... AW ..» nniiltO ixft-k *^5il8p2 ¦¦¦**& DROWSINESS AFTER MEALS,
K WAST NG DRA NS» V^%flx V' DIZZINESS, BAD BREATH, BUNK-
m HKHQIIIHU wun.n *£v_Ml& * V EN EYES, PALENESS. ETC.
H NFRVnil^ DEBILITYi m^-SiaS. J*±± \ does not give these warn-
Rl NLnVUUO UtDIUi ii /^^S^K ' ings without a purpose. Harken and
M nnii/d-rr- niOCAOITC n'§#X .^i^JWEfa^fr* : » seek the proper m&dical assistance,
i PRIVATE DIStAotb* 1WW«K« and you niay be rescued, but delay
H M . n . MV ..nr- niin/fiiDr I ¦ usually means disaster, a wrecked
| STRICTURE, RUPTURE iWKBBSW
n Rl Dim Pfll^nN. J -^^^^^^^^^("C^^ throned reason or an untimely death.
g DLUUU rUloUNi A^ Thousands of men are to-day phy-
m iimiAAAri rr TTIIMifiDC" «|\ ir%£$%ffi&&$Ki%$r slcal wrecks, .•who would be strong
I VARICOCELE* TUMURb. v'tfi and wel1 lf they had ' been treated
H A LSD DISEASES OF "^t^^^pr^^^^^m^^ dr. meyers & co. conduct the
¦ HL.OU UIOC.fWi-%» «i -r\ .¦^"••^ ; . \~WIP» :,/. largest and best equipped medical
H TUC tfinJMCY PI ADnFR. >•»,¦•¦ Institution and have the most ex-.
y Int MLHitlf DI-HUUt.ni .»«,». •+ tensive practice In the world. They
B PDimc HUCD UfART - •• «.' V- *»-!••. avoid the use of all mineral, polson-
M SP NE» L Vtn» HLAnl* - I] PL-_ iVrt f A _ P ftr .-,, 1-i Arl ous or danserous drum and electric £
M *" "" ,. ;;r ,. .. , Nn I narfrp tdr I.nn^ Minn. belts. All their remedies ar© <»re-
i Rl flfin. Nw : ' IIU Uliaiy.0 lUI UUIIOUIiailUlll f U ny compounded from the extracts
H DLUUUj OWm • ; , D of buds, bark, berries, gums, roots,
H rin inn I llMpe ' ' ' _^ -'- - -' leaves, plants,' etc., 5 In their private
EAR AND LUIMUO. , ' •• »•• «»«»•»«»«¦«>¦«'*"¦ laboratory, without cost to their pa-
ra •¦¦ . ; .••'.¦, ¦ - - • : - ¦¦-¦¦• -i tlenta. ¦. - •¦- ¦ .- •' : .; . y.
I FIR^ IVFFVPR^ Vlr n(^ Borne Cares— Free Book.
R 1^/ M. ft ¦ 1 ? * •«—^ 1 jLmtt JL \V^ XJU \-> V- / MM Although It Is preferable to see the
M patients in many instances, it in not
H " . "'"»»¦ » n* •«« ¦'* r • •• . n' 1 • < «• « « <|A if always necessary. If you cannot
I A Staff of Skilled Specialists, Established 20 Years, 1^
fll : .'. .. •?' . . ¦- - - . -.. . .\ v. ¦ other - particulars. ; Correspondenc©
¦ /^ / -^ -- . rn , - Honr'«-8 to O dally, solicited. All letters, confidential. No
I ¦•¦¦^W *1 I Mj.4.|,/v4' \?4-4»/\/\4- ncinmAn printing on envelopes or packages to
1 V . *C I fl 1 3f Irfit 'Nlffifit. ELEVATOR S utiday.-9 to 1 1. v IndlcatS name of sender. Cures teat
E §¦ <^ | I'lttl HVIVU VWlj ENTRANCE. onnaJI ** vw >> by either mall or express, free from
¦ . . . ' : BAM PltANCiaco. Evenln^a-T to 8. observation.-PITTSBURG. Pa.. May 4.— The dis
charge of six machinists at the McKces
Rocks plant of , the Pressed \ Steel Car
Company because they had joined the In
ternational Machinists' Union will result
In a strike • at that plant Monday unless
the company recedes from Its position and
reinstates the discharged men. At a meet
ing held to-night it was unanimously de
cided to strike. The company employs
1200 men at the McKees Rocks works.
An Anti-Prizefight Ordinance.
DENVER, May 4.— The Rev; Thomas A.
Russell, a- member of the city .Board of
Supervisors, who witnessed the Sharkey-
Russell fight on Friday night, announced
to-day that' he " would prepare an anti
prizefight ordinance and .urge its passage
by the City. CounclL , '
Hen Working in Pennsylvania Com
pany Demand That Friends Be
Taken Back.
DISCHARGE OF EMPLOYES
HAY CATTSE BIO STRIKE
WASHINGTON. May 14.-Comm!ssioner
Hermann of the General Land Office has
instructed the special agent of the In
terior Department to reopen the "Wind
Cave" in the Black Hills of South Da
kota to inspection by the public. '
The cave belongs to the Federal Gov
ernment "and comprises about 1000 acres
No depredations or acts of trespass of
any kind will be permitted upon or within
the premises, no specimens will be allowed
to be taken away by tourists, and no
fees or money considerations will be per
mitted to be charged or, received by any
one for the privilege of visiting the cave.
Vandalism has been responsible for much
injury, to the beauties of the place.. The
withdrawal over a year ago was designed
to orevent a recurrence of this evil in the
future. ' . •¦'• '-".'
Shall No Longer Injure the
Black Hills Attraction.
Government Proposes That' Vandals
CELEBRATED "WI2TD GAVE"
OPEN" TO THE PUBLIC
Hunt was convicted of holding up a
Japanese cook, who had just made a win
ning in a gambling house, and taking $300
from him. During his trial Hunt asserted
that Wilson was not his name, but if con
victed he wished to serve his sentence
under that name and thus save his par
ents from disgrace. In his application for
a marriage license to-day, however, he
made affidavit that his name was Hunt
and admitted that his family was well
known in Decatur. Hunt will be sentenced
to the penitentiary Monday.
Last Thursday Hunt, who has been
known in Salt Lake as- Harry Wilson,
was found guilty of highway robbery and
pending sentence was committed to Jail.
MJss Rogers, who is said to have been a
schoolmate of Hunt in Decatur, was in
constant attendance on the trial and this
morning called on him at the jail. After
a . brief conversation Hunt called an of
ficer, went with him to th'e County
Clerk's office and procured a marriage
license. Justice Lochrie was telephoned
for and, standing in the steel-barred cor
ridor of the jail, -Hunt and Miss Rogers
were married.
BALT LAKE. Utah, May 4.— Winfleld J.
Hunt, said to be the son of a wealthy con
tractor of Decatur, 111., and Miss Clara
A. Rogers of the same city were married
in the County Jail to-day by . Justice
Lochrie.
Convicted Youth Claims
Bride Behind Prison
Bars.
WEDS A GIRL
IN THE JAIL
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. May 4.-In order to
see for themselves the condition of affairs
in the Philippines, a party of Senators and
Representatives will visit the Islands dur
ing the summer. The party will include
Senators Bacon of Georgia. Harris of
Kansas and Turner of Washington, and
Representatives Mercer of Nebraska, Mc-
Leery of Minnesota, Dinsmore of Arkan
sas. Galnes of Tennessee, Smith of Illi
nois. Burieson of Texas and De Armond
of Missouri.
They will make the outgoing trip on the
army transport Ingralls, which Is sched
uled to leave New York the latter part of
June for Manila by way of the Mediter
ranean Sea and Suez canal. They will
make a general tour of inspection of the
principal cities of the archipelago and re
turn to the . United States on an army
transport by way of the Pacific
The members of the party will pay their
subsistence erpenses on the Government
transports and all their expenses in the
different cities visited.
Captain Strong. • son of the late ex-
Mayor Strong of New York, who was re
cently appointed a Quartermaster in the
army, will have charge of the transport
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Party of Congressmen
Intend to Visit the
Islands.
WILL MAKE TOUR
OF PHILIPPINES
The prisoners in the County Jail, thirty
flve in number, Including many for, serious
offenses, some ' capital, were marched • to
Riverside under, heavy guard : before •. the
fire reached them.' This morning the pris
oners were taken by the Sheriff to Green
Cove Springs, Fernandina and St. Augus
tine. The. county; records were placed in
the vaults in the court building. Their
condition will not be known until the vault
cools. ¦¦- , ¦; - '
The disaster has effectually ; obliterated
the dividing line between, the rich and
poor and a common catastrophe has made
all akin. :: "Women wealthy yesterday, pen
niless to-day,* sat: on the curbing beside
the beggar, sharing alike the pitiless fate
that. befell them both. To-night the side
walks are thronged with homeless people
Tho wharves / are crowded with ' sleepers,*
and every available craft In the harbor
has been made Into a temporary hotel. *.
. Religious , services * will be held to-mor^
row in the open air. .Not a city church
remains standing. Fire ; Chief Haney Is
A bill will be Introduced in the Legislature
at once ' to bond • Duvall County for . perhaps
$200,000 to rebuild . the Courthouse and "¦ the
County Jail. The bill ¦< Is being prepared. I
understand that a bill for the Issuance of $500,.
000 of city bonds will be at once Introduced.
This $500,000 will be used to take up the Judg
ment debts of the city and' the remainder to
rebuild tho county buildings.': ¦ -.'
The chairman of the Board of County
Commissioners, Porcher L'Engle, said to
day:
Will Replace County Buildings.
Cvery effort that could be made to put the
fire out -was made, but the strong wind 'and
the dryness of everything was too much for
the men at the factory, and when the depart
ment reached the scene the pine buildings and
the flying shingles made it impossible to con
trol the flre.
But the flre by this time had' gained con
siderable "headway. The hose was , quickly
brought into play, but the fire grot away from
the men and the alarm had to be sent ? in.
There is no flre in the ¦ building 1 ,'" the factory
being, worked with electricity, and It ' Is two
months since the boilers were in use. - . • ¦ .
Outside the factory there Is a drying plat
form 200 feet square, upon which the moss is
piled after it has been ginned. Twenty feet
away there are two negro cottages , and the
chimney of one of these cottages was on flre.
This, however, is a frequent occurrence and
once or twice before the fiber on the drying
platform had been set afire from the falling
soot from the chimneys of the cottages. The
men knocked off at 12 o'clock for dinner and
were lying around in the shade, when one of
them discovered that from the middle of the
pile of moss smoke was issuing. This having
happened before no importance was attached to
It and two men seized buckets of water and
went to extinguish • the flre. . .
K. E. Cleveland, proprietor of the Cleve
land Fiber Company, made the following
statement to-day regarding the origin of
the flre:
As to Origin of the Fire.
Drays loaded with furniture and trunks
filled the streets all day. Homeless peo
ple slept on improvised beds near their
furniture in quarters away from the
burned district. In the early hours of the
fire many people moved their property
distances of half a mile or a mile, only
to find it necessary to move it again, as
the flames encroached.
On every vacant lot in the territory sur
rounding the burned district families are
camped. Some had piled furniture about
them, spreading over them a blanket,
making a tent In many cases this cov
ering was only enough for the baby.
Some had brought a frying pan, some a
coffee pot, some had money to get bread ;
all were shared in turn. Over the gath
ering occasionally shrilled the mourning
of a negress whose child was missing, • to
be followed by sobs in every key that
told of the habit of repression in the Cau
casian and the savage frankness of the
African.
During the progress of the fire* hun
dreds of people moved their goods into the
streets, but it was impossible to get drays
to carry the goods away, and furniture,
books and bric-a-brac were burned.
•Dr. Stout«saved his library by digging
a hole in his yard, in which he burled his
becks, wrapped' up in a blanket. This
plan was followed by several persons.
Some buried their trunks in the same
manner.
Families Camp on Vacant Lots.
Major Birdshaw, under Colonel Lovell,
Is in immediate command of the troops.
The city is patroled and the entrances
to the burned districts guarded by senti
nels. • Military headquarters have been' es
tablished on the vacant lots behind' the
Federal postofflce building. Passes are
necessary to enter the lines in any part
of the city. The suburbs of Jacksonville
stood out to-day like an oasis in the desert
of desolation. From Bridge street to Lau
rel a thin fringe three blocks deep stands
uninjured along the river front, but to
the eastward, northward and westward
of Hemming- Park an unbroken bed of
ashes meets the eye, in which gaunt chim
neys rear themselves like monuments in
a forgotten cemetery.
At 7 o'clock this morning Governor Jen
nings declared the city under martial law.
Colonel Lovell of the First Regiment is
coming with troops.
The following troops in addition to local
companies arrived during the day and are
on duty: Governor's Guards, Tallahas
see; Columbia Rifles, Lake City; Suwanee
Rifles, Live Oak and Gem City Guards,
Palatka. > : ...
City Under Martial Law.
TALLAHASSEE. Fla., Hay 4.— MacWMiams,
Adjutant General: Your call for Galnsville,
Orlando and Starke companies approved. Have
appointed L'Engle, R. R. Ward and Rogers
special relief committee, placing $20,000 at. their
disposal. W. S. JENNINGS, Governor.
The relief fund raised by citizens of
Jacksonville at a meeting this evening
amounts to $15,000. This was augmented
to-night by a telegram from the Armour
Company of Chicago instructing- Mayor
Bowden to draw for $1000. Other subscrip
tions are being received from many
places. Jacksonville will not yet make an
official appeal for aid. There seems to be
some objection to this, but it is mainly
based on the position by many leading
citizens that Jacksonville and Florida can
meet the emergency and care for their
own.
The following telegram was received
from the Governor to-day:
A committee ¦was appointed at a meet
ing of citizens this afternoon to telegraph
the Governors of various States to send
all the tents they can spare to Jackson
ville. It will be weeks before anything
like permanent shelter can be provided
for the homeless thousands, and Jackson
ville for some time to come will be a city
of tents.
Ten thousand people are homeless and
many of them left on afternoon and
night trains for St. Augustine and other
coast cities and nearby towns, while nu
merous river craft took many to little
places on the St. Johns River.". SupDly
stations have been established in different
parts of the city and all day they have
been thronged by the hungry. The prompt
action of Secretary of War Root in ten
dering the use of the barracks near St.
Augustine was received with gratitude on
every side. The East Coast trains leav
ing here at 5 o'clock this afternoon car
ried to St. Augustine over 2000 people who
hope to' receive temporary shelter from
the Government.
Ten Thousand Are Homeless.
The city is under martial law and all of
the available State militia is on duty in
the streets of Jacksonville. Some order
is being brought out of the confusion.* 1
Jacksonville is facing the emergency
calmly and has organized for relief work.
The burned district is thirteen blocks
wide and two miles long, and extends
from the St. Johns River, where it 'burned,
ten wharves to the water's edge, to Catn
erine street, on the east; Orange on the
north and Davis on the west. This im
mense area was swept as clean as a floor.
There are many rumors ¦ affoat of loss
of life, but as every undertaker i In, the
city was burned out it is imDossible to
obtain an official report. One storv which
is persistently reiterated is to the effect
that a party of men and women, driven
to the docks by the fire, were compelled
to jump into the water and that several
of them were drowned. Mrs. Hogan, a
negro woman, was burned in her hGUse
and her charred remains were buried by
friends this afternoon. ; .%.¦:.-:'¦¦-¦;¦ »-'''- jIV
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May
sonville's great flre yesterday has burned
itself out. One hundred and forty-eight
blocks of a beautiful city have been laid
waste. .The loss will, not be known even
approximately for a week, but it is be
lieved it will amount to $10,000,000.,
improving to-night, and It is thought he
will entirely recover. The children of Dr.
P. H. Dean, reported as burned or miss
ing this morning, have been found alive.
Dr. Dean's injuries are slight. '. .
President Barnett of the National . Bank
of Jacksonville is not seriously hurt.
There were many prostrations from heat
during the day. * . ? ¦
Picturesque and Pitiful.
Jacksonville is in total darkness to
night, save for the red reflection tha
burns in the sky in the western portior
of the city, marking the vast fields oi
glowing embers that now and then ar«
fanned into flame.
At 6 o'clock the first trolley car was
operated since noon yesterday.— In the
evening schedules were maintained on
East Bay street and on the river line.
At 7 o clock additional troops reached the
city to relieve the soldiers, who had been
on duty for than twenty-four hours.
Crowds are* leaving the city. on outgoing
trains, yet the multitude of /homeless peo
ple on the streets does not appear de
creased. The night scenes are pictur
esque and pitiful. About the city are
cordons of soldiers and at each corner a
policeman or a soldier stands. Amid the
great excitement the day has passed and
the city to-night is very quiet. Little dis
order has been reported.
_ At a meeting of the citizens' committee
this evening a resolution was adopted
prohibiting the running of excursion
trains into the city. ¦,.. Requests had' been
made by several places for special trains
to Jacksonville, but the committee in
formed the roads that if the trains were
run the excursionists would not be al
lowed to leave the trains. The negroes,
though hungry and terror-stricken, have
so tar shown no uisposltion to give
trouble. :
The Times-Union and Citizen announces
to-nig-ht the receipt of nearly $2000 con
tributed-to the relief fund from cities
throughout the United States. Surgeon
General Wyman is sending to-day a car
load of tents for the fire sufferers. *¦
Barracks and Tents Furnished.
"WASHINGTON, May 4.— Secretary Root
to-day received a telegram from the
Mayor ' of Jacksonville, asking that tfie
St. Francis barracks in that city be put
at the disposal of the Mayor to house 1000
homeless people. Secretary Root imme
diately sent a dispatch to General Brooke,
in command of the department of the
East, to direct the officer in charge of
the barracks to grant the people of
Jacksonville every facility possible.
The Secretary received a dispatch dur
ing the day asking for a large supply of
tents, the Mayor indicating that the peo
ple of the city were without shelter. He
gave orders to have 1000 hospital tents
sent at once. These tents are at St.
Asaphs, Va., just across the river from
this city, and at Philadelphia. They will
go forward on the first available trains.
DROWNED IN THE RIVER.
From the Flames.
Many Persons Perish WMle Fleeing
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 4.— A sail
boat at the boat yard at Third and Main
streets was made use of during 1 the fire
by Alfred Ball of Springfield, a suburb.
Ball says:
There were certainly many lives lost at that
point. The shrieks and cries for help that
came to my ears during the first moments of
the four hours that I was in the river were
heartrending and awful. I was utterly help
less to aid. I am positive at least five per
sons were drowned at that place.
I got In a sailboat at Gardner's yard at ¦ 6
o'clock. There were about fifteen persons
aboard, two negroes among the number. When
we got into the boat every avenue of escape
was cut off. We got a line to the steamer
Edith and she pulled up at the dock.
A moment later the Una parted. Two bateaux
were drifting alongside and eight persons tried
to eet into them., In the panic - both boats
capsized. I saw several, go down and drown.
Several of those who got out of the sailboat
were swe?t under the* wharf at the foot of
Market street, and I ... think all must have
perished. I got to the wharf and for four
hours held to the piling. When I was rescued
I was badly burned about the head. I felt a
body float against my legs and tried. to lift it
to the surface, but failed. Undoubtedly there
were many lives lost at the foot of Market
street.
Arthur Cummer of the Cummer Lumber
Company told the following:
We heard shrieks and calls for help as . we
steamed from the wharf at the last minute.
We heard a number of persons were in -peril
on the wharf . and . made for the pier again.
A sail boat was in the docks. Young Cox
setter of St. Augustine swam to the steamer
Edith and we gave him a line. The line
either parted or was burned. In the same in
stant both steamer and boat were enveloped in
dense smoke. We got a glimpse of the sail
boat drifting in shore and then it disappeared
In the flames. As the Edith steamed toward
midchannel to escape we heard agonizing cries
for help. There is no. doubt but that all in
the boat suffered a frightful fate.
The officers and crew of the Edith re
port that they saved sixty persons who
had jumped into the river to escape the
flames. .
SAN FRANCISCAN GIVES .
MONEY TO MAINE SCHOOL
LEWISTON, Me., May 4.— A special to
the Journal from Parsonfleld. Me.,'saya
that Bartlett Doe, a millionaire of ' San
Francisco, has given a sum of money, to
Parsonfield Academy for the erection ' of
a new school building and dormitory. He
has also arranged to endow the school
with $100,000. . '¦-•'"X'J'.^JJ;
Hunter May Have Been Killed. '
BUTTE, Mont., May 4.— A special from
Livingston to the Inter-Mountain say's
George Tleeder, a rancher on Trail 'Creek,
has been missing three weeks and his
friends fear he has met with foul play.
He started off hunting in company with
his dog. , . .-' •-, ¦ • " ' ¦• . . ': "'
St. Augustine Barracks Shelters Two Thou
sand of the Jacksonville Residents Made
Homeless by the Great Conflagration
GO VE R NME NT AIDS
THE FIRE SUFFERERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 5, 1901.
20
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests;- mountain scenery: pure air.
$8 per wk. H. B. LAWLEY. Calistosa, Cal.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleas-
ure, fishlngr. hunting and swimming: good
table; guests at home; never fall to come back
again; send for souvenir. VIC POXCELET.
Llagas.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
CAZADERO sag
miles northwest of San Francisco. Hotels, cot-
tages and camp grounds offer accommoda-
tions to suit all. Everything needed by camp-
ers supplied at reasonable prices. Fine trout
fishing, beautiful scenery, drives, bathing. An
ideal resort. Ellm Grove Hotel, under same
management, on the banks of Austin Creek,
a mile from Cazadero; a most picturesque
spot. For particulars write The Cazadero Co.,
Cazadero, Cal. City office 749 Market «t.
BELL.EVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwesttra
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOLTLHAR-
DOU. lessee.
A grotto, 1400 feet up in the coast range,
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fog. and. winds; pure dry. balmy air:
equable temperature; Beven miles stage from
Soledad: hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladles;
massacre treatment; cement swimming tank.
30x60; hunting and- fishing; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds Illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O. ; round-trio: ticket $8. C.
T ROMIE, prop. ; J. O. ' VALPET, manager.
HOT SPRINGS,
Two mlle3 from St. Helena. Board and room.
$7 a week; camping: privileges, $1 50 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and S«a Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
LAKE COUNTY. — Sew 19-passenger - Yosemlts
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
dally (Sundays exceptcd) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin, Selgter. Adams, Howard, Ander-
son. Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy round- trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga;
also to Middletown. Lower Lake. KelaeyvlUe
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO EXJC
good health and pleasure at th» cozy
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O.
Lake County: City Office. 416 Pine st.
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains daily,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further information address
. . • A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
SKAGGS DOT SPRINGS g?5g\,fS£
from San Francisco; but 9 miles' staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath In State; swimming and Boating;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first -claM hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stage a; round
trip from San Francisco only $3 60. Take Tib-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:3") p. m. Terms,
$2 a day or $12 a week. References— Any guest
of tha past six years. For further lnfonna-
toin address J. F. MULGREW, Skaggs, Cal.
;..NAPA...
SODASPRINGS
Napa County,
Cal.
Springs remodeled; new cottages, dance hall,'
laundry, piano, billiard and pool tables, cro-
quet and other games. Terms, $7 per week.
Round trip ticket from city by steamer Point
Arena. $7. New management. DR. W. A.
McCORMICK.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS opens May 1&
OWN a home In beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker, $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free;
sawmill, depot, store, postofflce at camp;
board and lodging $S; take Sausalito ferry, $3
round-trip. Address M. C. MEEJCER, or H.
M. GREGSON, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
AND COTTAGES,
SAUSALITO.' Only SO minutes from the city:
most beautiful location and marine view; an
unexcelled summer, and winter resort; table
and -ervice of the best^ - ORAH^ .
Late of Hotel Mateo, Manager.-.
HOTEL GENEVA,
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California: lots amusement; fine walks;
all mineral waters. . Rates, $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
918 Larkln St.. & F. FRESE & JURGENSEN.
LADY having own modern cottage would tak«j
2 or 3 summer boarders; pleasant, quiet placa
for invalid or old lady. MRS. H. JOXE9,
Medo Park.
BROOKSIDE— At head of Napa Valley. Froa
carriage, hot and cold water. . gas, baths,
springs, rooms and board unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. G. W. CTJTLER. Calistoga. Cal.
MOST ATTRACTIVE -PLACE IN LAKE
County to epend a vacation. .Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
tnd boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUB-
NAN,. Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
FOR SALE In Ben Lomond — Modern cottage, i
rooms, bath, city water: acre wooded land;
furnished. Inquire 140 Guerrero or MRS. W.
WHITNEY, Berkeley.
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2Vi hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE,
Gen'l Agent. 630 Market st., opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F. : tel. Black 3571.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL—Accommodatlons l
for few guests: mountain scenery, pure air;
$7 per week. F. McNULTY. Callstoga, CaL
First-class family resort; climate unsur-
passed: '¦'. most beautiful spot • in ' Santa Clara
County; great' relief for people with asthma:
66 miles -from S. F.; fare $165: free 'bus.
JOHN NEVILL, proprietor, Loa Gatos.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
LAGUNA FARM— 1% miles from Mt. Olivet
station; boating, fishing, bathing; $3 per week.
MRS. R. BALLARD, Mt Olivet. Sonoma Co.
GILROY FASHION STABLES— Also stags Hn«
to hot springs; first-class turnouts. MAYOCK
& HOOPER, proprietors.
"¦—¦¦¦- THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HrtlTT'Q Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
nui t 1 O School will be onen to summer
MENLO guests during June and July.
„. ., „._, Superior climate. excellent
PARK* table; reasonable prices. Ad-
" dress IRA G. HOITT.
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table: rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland, Mendocino Co.. Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
6 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery: good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short distance from Geysers:
dally mail; $7 per week. -Further particulars
address O. H. BLACK. Geyservllle. Sonoma Co.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
'Under entire new management and owner-
ship." Family* Resort ; in the Napa Redwoods.
Exhilarating air; hunting, fishing, swimming
and boating; terms reasonable: send for circu-
lars. THBO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Propri-
etor, Oakvllle, Napa County.
JOHANrVIfB^R-G.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcs or campers. Further information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON. Excursion Pass.
Agent B. P. Co.. 613 Market street. •
Formerly ¦ Agua "¦ Calient* Springs. * Sonoma
Valley. . No staging: 46 miles via C. NTT. Ry.
or S. P. R. ¦ R. .^Immense swimming tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try It. Round
trip. $1 10. Telephone. Rates, $12 ¦ and • $14.
COOPER & SHEDDEN,' Agua Caliente, Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME.
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OB" MENDO-
clno. Visit this quiet little resort for
•olid comfort. For ¦ particulars apply to 3.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
Changed hands. • Will hereafter be open the
year round. : Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive , specail attention. For rates • and par-
ticulars address HOTEL 1I-UNT VIEW, Ross
Valley. Marin Co. Cal. ":¦' :;. V
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
THE GEYSERS.- SSS~
ONE OP NATURE'S WONDERS. NATC-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing hunt-
lny and, livery.- Write' tor pamphlet. L
W ilKTHElMER. manager.
C 1 MD T 1 VI AD Cottages, camping, fishing,
vAuJr 1 A I JLUlX : amusements.* Ideal place
for ¦' summer outing; 29 miles from 8. - F. ;
among the redwoods. H. G. MARTIN, propr.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking;
$7 cer week and .upwards. F. and A. M.
SCALES, Lakeport, Lake County, Cal.
'hotel benvenue.
WIT LOW PANDIT ' ormer Proprietor W.
TT 1LUU TT BAfl wU Crandell-A summer home
in the redwoods, 5 miles from Santa Cruz-
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for itself
For particulars. TULEY & ILIf. Santa Crua
THE OAKS.
ON BRANCXFORTE DRIVE— 50 minute* to
beach: mall dally by carrier; private board-
Ing. Partldars Mrs. Czarina Smith. Sta. Crua.
Just th« place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game. Table
ft beds unsurpassed. Rates only SS ft J10 Infor-
mation at Traveler office. 20 .Montgomery st
or address O. R. TREDWAT. Proprietor!
Glenbrook. Lake County. - Cal.
CIEIVBROOK.
WIPTE COTTAGES -howeLl
ITU IL VUI 1*UL3. MOUNTAIN.
Altitude 2000 feet. Write for circulars. MRS.
J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwin P. • O.. Cal.
The only place . in the United States where
Vichy Water is , abundant. The only . natural
Electric -Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah.^ -. J..A. REDEMETER & CO..
¦. ' ." ' ••¦ ;¦¦ Proprietors.
VICH Y SPRINGS,
MOUNTAIN •'.' .VIEW RANCH, near , Santa
Cruz, ' In - heart of the ¦ mountains ; among
the redwoods: first-class ' accom. ;: very reason-
able terms; telephone, swimming tank, croquet
and - amusements; ; daily - mall ; new * improve-
ments; our well-known table is our recommen-
dation. '¦ Round trip campers to Glenwood, IncL
etage. $3 75. Frank R. • Dann, Santa Cruz.
»• jf**Wx?t« n sf S G Is a non-poiaonoo
fc^&- >f i remedy for Gonorrhre*
1 Olest, SpermatPtrhai,
m&vjfla 1 to5d»Ti.^3J White*, uunataral dij-
jfffi xf Ga»rantes4 g chargl . or an? inS.tinni.v
CiClJ not to itrie-.are. tion, ] ritatiun or clcerv
I>»'j?:»T»Ttau »ont»<ioa. tion ,1 mncons mem-
»5fiff\cmc!M»ni.o.EJ£3 Sold bT
0. 3. A 0T Bent ia Plain wrapper,
b y express, prepaid, fw
nC*^^H0rd°ll I 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles. #.73.
m sent oa rs-iiinSi
Have quite a line of SHORT LENGTHS
of UPHOLSTERY, GOODS which will
b« Bold at reduced rates, t
An opportunity to procure Pillow and
Cushion Covers for your summer homo.
Upholstery Company,
NINTH AND MARKET STS.,
GHAS. M; PLUM & GO.
A CAL.'FCSMA NEW SPAPE2
ALL THE TIME.
IT 4DV0CATES I SIM BY
HOME MAIL, SI >
INDUSTRIES 1 4 YL4S.
A Champ' ou •!
Truth.
Bright. Clean,
Thoughtful.
Not a Line of it Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THS
PACIFIC COAST
T* s Best V^ / Mining
T jfegraphic \S News That
jervice on /\ Is Accurate
The Coast / \&uptodatr
It Publish^* the Cream of tb»
Newa or the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
WEEEY CALL
The man 'is. generous to a fault who
never corectT
PLANTATION, HOUSfi^-Elghteen miles from
Cazadero, on stage line.- Good. trout fishing:,
plenty fruit, ¦ cream, ; milk; i free ¦ conveyance for
parties ¦ of , 2 or more ; ; grand . redwood > scenery.
Address J. Luttringer, Seaview, Sonoma Co., or
apply. Mr. ; Kruse, 207 Front st, for particulars.
Via 1 C. ' Ci Fos»' - Stage Line' from i Callstoga.
The scenlo route. Uver7 in connection. C. C.
FOSS, Proprietor, " Calistosa. Cal. -
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
There Is a cure for dyspepsia. Sufferers
who have tried noxious nostrums will
probably be skeptical, but skepticism van-
ishes when Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
tried. Whether the trouble is dyspepsia of
long standing, or merely a simple case of
indigestion, relief is prompt and pro-
nounced. The less the trouble the fewer
tablets need be taken.TWSCjS8StfS|W8BWK8i|
Heaviness after eating, sour stomach,
as indicated • by belching, fatigue with
slight exertion, or with no exertion at all.
disturbed sleep, nervousness, constipation,
depression, "blues," these things can com-
monly be set down as symptoms of dys-
pepsia. And dyspepsia is merely indiges-
tion in an aggravated form. *
By promoting perfect digestion, Stuart'a
Dyspepsia Tablets produce) ' strong nerves,
restful, refreshing sleep, pure blood and
good sound healthy. flesh. ' They make the
skin - clear, the eyes bright, the mind
cheerful. .. •'. '•**nHMHHBg0wi|
Stuart'B Dyspepsia Tablets ar« a medi-
cine and more than a medicine. They di-
gest the food and make it easy of assimi-
lation, and they, relieve the inflamed: dis-
eased condition of the ' membranous lin-
ings and the glands • of , the stomach and
bowels. .: They help • the ¦ digestive organs
over the hard places, and put them into a
healthy, active condition. , They 'effect '," a
quick and permanent cure: :• .You .don't
have to continue taking them forever, still
it is well to have a box handy and take
one at the first return of the trouble. .
Perfectly well people are made sick by
eating "too much, ' or ., unwholesome food,
but not if they take a tablet after eating.
Treatment with , Stuart's » Dyspepsia Tab-
lets does not necessitate dieting or any
change of habitu. They digest the proper
food and act upon the other kind: in such
a way as to make it pass off quickly and
harmlessly. '.You may eat and drink what
you like, when you like, and : as much f as
you like if you take a tablet afterward; •;,
Stuart's Dyspepsia: Tablets are sold by
all druggists at 50 cents for full size pack-
age.: '¦¦.<v'h ¦">'¦¦* ¦ ¦ •- 'v'"' > '- ¦'¦ ¦¦• > ¦'¦¦'¦
Send to' F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich./ for little book on stomach diseases,
mailed free... ' ' >; : '-' ! "¦
and : the Nerves Weak, * N"e«d
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.-
Digest It, Make the Head Heavy
That Retain the Food and Refuse to
STOMACHS THAT WON'T WORK
125 to 131 Kearny Street
Take Elevator at Main Entrance
Another big value, 600 German canvas pillow squares for
cross stitch work in prettiest of floral designs, also colored out-
line patterns, these when finished make beautiful and artistic
cushion covers. Never before sold at this price, 5Oc each.
On our second floor we believe we have the most complete
stock on this coast of Denims, Cretonnes, Crepes, Art Tickings,
Silkalines and Sateens for hangings and drapings. All alike
in one thing— BEST VALUE. •
Carpet Art Squares that can be used upon the floor in any
part of the house, especially in the dining room as a crumb
cloth, they are 9x12 feet in 'size and come in such desirable
colorings as reds, browns and greens. — A great value at
$4.50 each.
Cushion Tops — 50c i^f*! 1^
Ruffled Swiss Curtains form another lot, they are in the
choicest of dotted and figured designs, come already hemmed
for putting on rod; 42 inches wide, 3 yards long — Special' at
$1.25 a pair. .
Figured Swisses— 10c (second hood
This is an unheard of opportunity to buy 36 inch Embroidered
Lappett Swiss — which makes the prettiest of sash curtains
and comes in choice designs of figured dots and openwork
stripes. They won't remain long with us at these figures,
10c a yard; ' •.
Striped Tapestries— 50c < second Fioor >
Next we offer an exceptionally fine value in 50 inch Oriental
Striped Tapestry, very desirable for Couch Covers, also used
for Portieres and door hangings. These alone are enough to
crowd this floor, the price is unusually low, 5Oc a yard.
Figured Velours — 55c (second rood
Arrived just in time for this offering. Handsome figured
Velours in beautiful new patterns. A most desirable fabric
for upholstering purposes. Also makes pretty piano and
mantel drapes. Under no ordinary circumstances could this
price be named, 55c a yard.
Art Squares — $4.50 Aci*-™**
As a beginning we offer a lot of Nottingham Lace Curtains,
3j£ yards long 48 inches wide, in a range of 25 of the latest
patterns with plain centers and the very neatest of borders, in
quantities of 4 to 10 pair to a design; while they last
$1.25 a pair.
Swiss Curtains— $1.25 < second Fioor >
Not in the entire State of California can there
be found a more complete showing of lace Cur-
tains, Portieres, Drapery Materials, Art Squares,
Table Covers and Rugs than that which we have
especially arranged for your inspection this week —
Prices are right — do a little comparing and satisfy
Unmatchable values offered for no other rea*
son than to bring every reader to this floor and
acquaint them with its unsurpassed attractions.
Lace Curtains — S1.25 < Second Floor >
Occupying Our Entire Second Floor
R..X..RTAN,
General Passenger -Agent.
H. C. "WHITING. General Manager.
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
"VACATION 1901"
.This is a little book just Issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marin, Sonoma, Mendo-
cino and Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $3.00 to $10.00 per
week. a,- : ¦ : r^.-;;"
w nether to a mineral spring: resort,
where you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
. town, from which you can,\in a short
¦walk or drive, commune with nature in
her valleys, foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream,
go this Summer
If you; want to
know where to
APVZRTISEiyrrTETTa.
Only Tbree Hours' staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful placa
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, %iX tli.
»5 and IIS p«r week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO
US Montgomery st., and sea photographs of
hotel and surroundings. "We take pleasure In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIO &
WARNER.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
t>R C G. O'DONNELL'8
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLKN,
the best camping, picnic and pleaaurt re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lunjr ' disease." liver ' and stomach complaints
rheumatism and catarrh In tho world- ii
miles from 8. F. Tha 8. P. R. R. and 8. F.
4 N. P. R. K. give special rates to caiapers;
80 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mlaoral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. CDONNELL, office 1021% Market, bet.
8th and 7th. S. F. If you want your hmlth.
pleasure and longevity this is the place to go.
Handsome booklets with full details have been
left in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room 81. Flood building. San
Francisco. Office hours 12 to 4 p. m.. Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays;
On June S.'this year, CAMP REVERIE will
be opened in a redwood grovt on th« Guern«-
vllle branch of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
vllle. .
On a New Plan
An Outing'
"In AH California
No Place Like This."
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
IN THE
CAMPREVERIE,
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTBL ST. JAMBS.
Finest Equipped Hotel in the State.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Ca.1.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.»" •
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort . . :
The Sportsman's Paradise.'
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets. apply to E . c . PECK ;
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO.,
222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cat.'
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLAS3
family resort; main hotel and cottages:
huntln? and flshlngr: artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets. $3 50; open the year round.
Send for circulars.
J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. CaL
SUMMER HOME FARM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Time Ball
Branch Hydrog-raphtc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 4, 1901. '
The time ball on the tower of tho new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS, •
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., ln charge.
Attorney Sweeney, who represents tho
defendant, said . afterward that O'Connor
must havo been tnmepred with, as his
evidence In' court was entirely opposed to
what he had told Him. He promises some
BensHttonal developments to-morrow. .,*
Chappelle and Sylvester both testified
that there were houses of the. same de
scription as the one where the defendant
lived on their. beat. Chappelle had arrest
ed two women on Mason street since April
18. Sylvester had been on the beat about
three weeks, but had made no arrests.
Both denied ever having received money
from women. '
Lieutenant Price testified that Chap
pelle was once a member of his squad in
Chinatown. The question was asked,
"Did you know of his • receiving 1 money
from women?" Tho question was object
ed to by Assistant District Attorney Han
ley and it was not pressed. The question
was then asked, "Do you know his repu
tation for truth, honesty and integrity?"
It was also objected to, and Captain Witt
man whispered to Hanley, who withdrew
his objection. Price replied that he did
not know.
Price said that Detective Ed Gibson and
Watchman George Downey had told him
that one of his squad was receiving money
from women. Two of the squad com
plained to him about the same thing, and
he went to the house mentioned and
threatened to razo it if the Inmates did
not tell the truth. A Chinese pointed out
Officers Chappelle and Morton, and Chap
pelle admitted that the Chinese had of
fered him $5 not to arrest him. but he de
clined the offer. That was all there was
to it.
W. .T. O'Connor, the srrocer at O*Parrell
n^irf Mason streets, testified that the de
fondant wns drlnklnjr beer In his- store
with an old man when Officer Chappelle
cnlled her out. directly contrndlctlngr tho
defendant and corroborating Chappello.
Ht'nri Pradnl. tho proprietor of the house
where tho defendant lives, did not appear,
und the case was continued till to-morrow.
Once when an objection was "made by
the prosecution to a question put to Lieu
tenant Price Captain Wittman suggested
that the objection should not be pressed,
and the Question was answered. There
was little or nothing of a sensatlnal char
acter brought out. Something of the kind
ia promised to-morrow.
The defendant testified to Chappelle
calling her out of O'Connor's grocery at
O'Farrell and Mason streets Saturday
night. April 27, and saying to her, ''I've
got you now and will make it hot for
you." Mike Nolan, after her arrest by
Chappelle on April 17, had told her in the
presence of Henri Pradel, proprietor of
the house were she boarded, that he could
"fix it" with the officers on the beat so
that she would not be molested, and men
tioned Sylvester's name. The amount
n8med by Nolan was $2 60 for each of tho
officers per month.
ln answer to a question by the Judge
she said she had never been approached
by an officer with such a proposition and
no other person' except Nolan had ever
rcade the suggestion to her. She j ftad
never been hounded or persecuted by any
officer except Chappelle. Nolan told her
that a woman companion of his was al
lowed to go about the streets and she
could do the same thing. After the report
of Nolan's conversation with her in an
evening paper Nolan came to her and
said he had 'made a statement to Chief
Sullivan and had denied everything she
said.
The trial of Angelina M. Abbott on the
charge of vagrancy an£ incidentally the
investigation into the general charges of
corruption . against , Policemen Chappelle
and fcylvester, the arresting officers, were
continued yesterday before . Judge Ca
baniss. Chief Sullivan and Captain Witt
man were in court during the proceedings
and listened attentively to the evidence.
Story Concerning
Chapelle.
Lieutenant Price Tells His
Abbott Vagrancy Case
Is Devoid of Sen
~ sation.
BRIBERY CHARGE
BEING PROBED
The Paclfle Steam Navigation Company**
6teamehip Peru, which sailed Friday for Val
paraiso and way porte. carried merchandise
for Mexico valued at $18,357: Central America,
£2,784; South America, $27,S6«, making a total
value Ot $6S.517. The following were the prin
rtnal shipments:
For Mexico— 60 cs axle grease, 14 eolls eord-
The Peru's Cargo.
Notice to 2£ariners.
Office U. S. Lighthouse Inspector, Twelfth
District. 404 Safe Deposit Building.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cai.. May 4. 190L
Applications for civil service examination
will be received at this office during the next
thirty days for filling the new position, of
keeper Ban Pedro Harbor beacon lights (2),
Ban Pedro Bay. California. Applicants must
be dtixenB of the United States, over IS and
unfler 60 years of age. ,
The keeper of these lights will be paid a
ralary of S300 per annum, but Is obliged to fur
nish his own boat. No quarters, rations or
fuel supplied by tlte Government.
Blank forms of application may be had by
epplrin* to this office. U. SEBREB,
CVmmander. U. S. N-. Chairman Local Civil
Service Board for the Lighthouse Service
(Intpector's Department).
The Invernetl has been chartered prior to
arrival to load wheat for Europe at 35s.
A. Cargo for Guam.
Tte briganttn* J. D. Sprockets cleared yes
terday for Guam with a cargo valued at $15,
170, including the following merchandise:
10.000 lbs bread, 217 pkgs boilers, 61S pkga
builflinff material, 1000 pals coal oil, 25 cs
canned sardines. 6 pkgs crockery, 10 pkgs dry
goods, 17 cs drugs. 37 pkgs furniture, 195 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 100 bales hay. 29 cs
hardware, SL2S6 feet lumber. 12 bdls laths. 75
doors, 40 era potatoes, 300 bbls salmon. 16 era
stoves and fixtures. 60 cs eoap, 6426 lbs sugar,
C14 lbs tobacco. 10 cs wine.
UTEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Feveral temporary changes are to be
made In the sailing of the Oceanic Steam
s-hip Company's fleet. The ZoaJandia, now
due from Hawaii, will make a number of
trirs to Honolulu ln the Marlposa's place,
while the latter will replace the Sonoma
on the Australian run for one trip. Both
the Zealand la and Mariposa will be thor
oughly overhauled while ln port.
The Sonoma on her arrival. May 23, will
be laid up and the repairs to her star
board engrine made. Temporary repairs
will be made at Sydney. N. S. W., and the
jr.all boat will come home with one engrine
working triple expansion and the other
compound.
Ccean Steamship Changes.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and I^m
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later thap af Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the* same at both places.
Bun, Moon and Tide-
ARRIVED.
Saturday. May 4.
Stmr Bcotla, Walvig, 62 . hours from Tilla
mook.
Stmr Argt), Hughes, 48 hours from Coqullle
River.
Stmr Xoyo, Thwing, 30 hours from Eureka.
Stmr LfUella, Madsen. 49 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolling, 84 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr MandaJay. Reed, 32 hours from Cres
cent City, via Coqullle River.
Ger stmr Denderah. Riegen. 107 days from
Hamburg, via Champerleo 10 days.
Br stmr Milton, Rainey, 3 days 22 hours
from Nanaimo.
Nor Btmr Tellus,' Pedersen, 85 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Schr Bella Hanson. 7 days from Siu*law.
Schr J a Wall, Jensen, 2 day» from Eureka.
Schr Marion, Topfer, 11 days from Tacoma.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Larsen, S days 8 hours
from Sluslaw River. _ „,
Schr Corinthian, 66 hours from Coqullle
River. _
Schr Conflanza, Jacobson, S day» from Co-
QUille River.
CLEARED. „ .
Saturday, May 4.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkina & Co. ......
Bark S C Allen. Johnson, Honolulu: Williams,
VLrtz J D Spreckeli, McNelll, Guam; West
ern Commarclal Co.
Schr Pal vat or, Asmussen, Bristol Bay; Nak
nek Picz Co. "•
Schr KWoon. Thomas, St Michael; Northern
Commercial Co. _.„„_
SAILED.
Saturday, May 4. •
Stmr W H Krurer. Xto*. TUlamook.
Stmr Arcata. Nelaon. Coos Bay.
Stmr Point Arena. Hanson. Mendocino.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, Grays Harbor. -
Stmr Fan Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka. ;
Stinr Bouth Coast, Olten, — -.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, .
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, .
Bark S C Allen. Johnson. Honolulu.
Schr Melancthon, O:«en. Coos Bay.
SPOKEN.
April 15. lat 5 B. Ion 82 W-Br ehlp Lucl
para, from Portland, for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IiOBOS, May 4. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 3 — Schr
Volant, hence April 22.
SEATTLE — Sailed May . 3— Stmr Victorian,
for Skaguay.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 4— Stmr Alliance,
hence April 30. -
Balled May 4— Ger eMd Wage, for Queens
town; schr Churchill, for Fremantle.
EUREKA— Arrived May 4— Etmr Pomona,
henc© May 8. • •
Sailed May 4— Schr Serena Thayer, for Hllo;
stmr Samoa, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 4— Stmr Pasadena,
for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN — Arrived May 2— Schr Ma
weema. from Santa Rosalia. Jt'*'* ,"'.
TACOMA— Sailed May 4— Schr Glendale, for
San Pedro; bark Gatherer, for San Francisco;
Br ship Alice A Leigh, for Queenstown. . •
¦ SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 4— Schr Roy
Somers. hence April 26.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 4— Stmr
"Whltesboro, from ; stmr Colon, hence
Sailed May \- Stmr Honon, for Honolulu;
stmr Mlneola, for Nanaimo.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 4— Stmr Na
tional City, hence May 3.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 3— Stmr Victorian,
for Bkaguay. pQRT>
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared May I — Btmr
Pleiades, for San Francisco.
Stmr M S Dollar was successfully launched
at 2:15 p m - FOREION poRTS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 4— Br «hlp Mach
rihanish. from Fraser River. "
HONGKONG— Sailed April 20— Schr Luzon,
for Port Townsend. - .
NANAIMO— Jailed May 4— Nor stmr Tita
nia, for San Francisco.
ST VINCENT— Arrived prior to May 8— Br
stmr Westminster, hence Feb 18.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to May 4— Stmr
Honrkonr Maru, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Hongkong.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 4— Stmr Taartc,
from New York. ' ; " '
Sailed May 4— Stmr Campania, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 4— Stmr Graf Wal
dersee. for Hamburg; Btmr Minnehaha, foi
London; stmr Potsdam, for Rotterdam; stmi
Lucania. for Liverpool.
LONDON— Arrived May 4— Stmr Mesaba,
I QUEENSTO\VN— Arrived May 4— Stmr Um
bria. from New York. ~ *«? . ,
ANTWERP— Sailed May 4— Stmr Pennland,
"CHERBOURG— Sailed May 4— Stmr St Louis,
f °HAVRE— Called May 4— Stmr La Touralne.
for New York. JV^i-iVs
Shipping Intelligence.
ae«, 20 cs candles, 15 es drugs, 635 lbs 12 pkgs
dried fruit, 387 pkgs groceries and provisions,
300 bales hajr. 1455 cs hardware. 12 bars 61
bdls iron. 5 tons piglron, 2,685 feet lumber. 67
pkgs paint, 19 kegs nails and spikes. 12 bales
oakum, 13 bales rubber beKlni?. 14 bales rub
ber packing, 18 cs stationery. 6000 lbs sulphate
ot copper, 460 bdls shooks. 20 bdls shovels, 18
pkgs Eteel. 12 ce 2160 gals wine, 10 cs wMsky.
For Central America— 50 csks bottled beer,
10.651 lbs beans. 85. bales cotton, 1300 gals coal
oil, 10 bb!s cocoanut oil, 28 cs canned goods.
19 pkgs dry goods, 3436 bbls flour, 250 pkps
groceries and provisions, 12 head horses, 14
pkgs raisins. 14,400 lbs rice, S9 bdls shooks, 50
cs whlskr. 200 reels wire. 13 cs 184 gals wine.
For South America — 30 cs canned goods. 1345
lbs dried fruit, 3250 bbls flour, 32 pkgs grocer
ies, 12.103 feet lumber, 16,807 ctls wheat. 10 cs
hardware.
THE navy tug Vigilant went ashore
on Goat Island yesterday morning,
but g-ot off later with the assist
ance of the lighthouse tender Ma
drono at hlg-h water. The Vigilant
left the training ship Pensacola on her
usual morning trip with a party of "shore
leave men." bound for the city. A strong
flood tide was running and it set the tug
Inshore. A sharp turn has to be made
after getting away from the training ship
In order to cles.r the southerly point of
the Island.. There was not enough room
In ¦which to make it on account of the
set of the tide and the Vigilant went bow
on the beijch.
The engines were going astern before
she struck, but they could not prevent the
Accident and neither could they back her
off. Then all the passengers were sent
ashore to lighten the vessel and a small
kedge anchor was got out astern, but
even then the Vigilant would not budge.
Word was sent over to the Madrono, and
that vessel went to the assistance of the
Etranded tug. It took some time to get
a hawser aboard, but even after it had
been made fast and with the Madrono
polng full speed ahead and the Vigilant
iroing- full speed astern the latter would
not move. For over two hours the Ma
drono pulled on the stranded tug. but It
was not until thevnaxlmum of high water
that she was cot off.
The axen who had shore leave were dls
grusted with the mishap, as they lost their
holiday. The tug was not damaged, as
fhe went on a sandy beach, but never
theless she look the sailors back to the
training snip and then went out of com
mission for t&e day.
SUNDAY. MAY 5.
Cadets Practice Drill.
At 1:30 o'clock, this afternoon the League
of -; the Croes Cadets ; will hold a practice
drill' In t the Mechanics' Pavilion in prep-
D. P. Doak of St. Louis says there Is a
chance ' that the State line pass district
may have a smelter and that the decision
rests with the- railroad people, who have
been asked i for concessions on shipments
of coke/>bal, fuel, supplies and. all requi
sites for a large plant. The district is on
the edge of Inyo County. The ore Is of
low grade, but if concessions are secured
the-work may be carried on at .a profit.
The' cost of hauling to Manvel Is $15 per
ton.' :¦¦'•¦"'•¦ . ..;• ¦:¦:.- ¦ .......
The Yreka Journal says: - . ¦ >
i In many localities the miners kave abont
finished, ground' sluicing,., by the .-slacking up
of the water supply, ; and are now cleaning up
Smelter Near Inyo.
j Dredger mining has the middle of the
stage Just now. Mining men are paying
large sums for dredging machines and
thousands of dollars for tracts of land to
operate upon. A golden shower falls upon
the people who live near the scene of the
dredging operations. Machine shops have
been built along the river banks near the
dredgers. Houses "are constructed to ac
commodate tho people employed. So the
machinist and the carpenter reap. benefits.
The Interior papers, seeing the steady ad
vancement of *he dredging industry and
the developments that accompany, it, are
making prophecies concerning the future
extent of dredging for gold. The Biggs
Argus says:
The prospects are that within the next few
years the banks of the Feather River will be
lined with dredgers. A trip between Biggs and
Oroville shows some wonderful changes that
have taken place within the last two years and
the panorama- of a coming year, or two will
show astounding developments in the evolu
tion of dredge mining. Already nine immense
dredgers are ln active operation and probably
as many more. are ln course of construction.
That this system of -mining is bringing most
satlsfactury returns to . the , operators is In
dicated by the fact that : men . of experience.
solid business judgment and means have paid
seemingly unreasonable prices ¦. for the land
along tho river and do not hesitate to pay
from $40,000 to $70,000 each for. the construction
and equipment of the monster machines.
Among recent mining*, deals reported in
California are the bonding of the Doyle
mine ln Amador County tp San Francisco
parties, the sale of the PfJCe mine ln the
same county by the Chicagb Mining Com
pany and the bounding of the Free Lance
mine in : Tuolumne County, to "William
Sharwood. The Doyle mine is a patented
claim, situated not far from Jackson, on
the Zeila lode. A , company will _ begin
operations about the 1st of June. The
Amador Dispatch figures that the opera
tion of the Doyle and the Amador Queen
¦No. '¦ 2," which has resumed, will put new
lite'.; Into the. South -Jackson district. A
ney corporation has been formed to op
erate the Amador Queen No. 2. The Price
mine Is about three miles north of Ply
mouth: . The .Tuolumne Independent re
ports that C. D. Lane hns made an offer
for the purchase of the Hope mine, which
has been : closed down ; pending negotia
tions. According to the Angels Record
the . old Field mine, near Angels , Camp,
has been sold and work is about to begin.
The Brunner ,. mine has' been. bonded and
the Union copper mine is under bond. to
Eastern parties.
. The - Placerville Nugget says that the
Schneider mine has been bonded ¦ by "WV
C. & Bryant to- Hayward & Lane. W. I.
Smart will have sharge-of the develop
ment ' work.
To-day the Jenny Llnd Gold Mining Com
pany closed a deal whereby the company comes
Into possession of eighty acres of the Isaac L.
Weed ranch on Alta Hill. The company has
had this piece of land- bonded for some months
and to-day the purchase money .was paid. Mr.
,Weed - conveys to the company all the water
ditches, quartz and. gravel rights, etc, - to the
land. 1 . -By the purchase of this tract the Jenny
Llnd Company now has a claim 6500 feet : on
the 'trend of the ledse.
The Chico Record reports that tests are
going on alone Butte Creek, on the
Groves and Hanscom ranches, to deter
mine whether dredges shall be construct
ed to mine for gold on the creek.- During
several weeks B. Cuslck has been quietly
securing bonds on various lands and has
succeeded ln taking in nearly all the avail
able land for a distance of from five to
six miles. He does not propose to dredge,
so says the Record, but expects to sell the
property to those who have had experi
ence in' dredging for gold. Butte Creek
has been rich ln gold. If the reports are
favorable the construction of dredges will
begin early. . .
The Los Angeles Herald says it is re
ported that . the gold fever has struck
Ollnda, Orange County, on account of the
discovery of two ledges that bear gold. ,
The Grass . Valley Tidings-Telegraph
says : . ... - /
Testing- Butte Creek Claims.
Senator I John F. Davis furnishes some
details of the plans to supply water to
the Sweepstakes Gravel Mining Company,
which owns the gravel mine near "Weaver
ville. Trinity County. The mine comprises
1900 acres. The ditch, which will carry 400
inches of water, will follow along , the
mountain side and will be twenty-nine
miles Ions. The cost of constructing ¦ the
ditch will be about $350,000.
The great plant of the Mountain Copper
Company at Keswick, Shasta County, will
be operated by electricity. A contract ha9
been signed, so the Redding Searchlight
says, with the Keswick Electric Power
Company for the necessary power. This
company is installing a plant at Mill Seat
Creek in the Shingletown region, and will
have capacity to develop 1500 horsepower.
The stamps of the new mill of the Tel
low Aster mine at Randsburg have begun
to drop on ore. The Randsburg Miner
says that the mine . stand3 to-day ln the
names of its original owners and that no
stock in the company Is sold to outside
parties. There is enough ore blocked out
to keep both mills running for some years.
bedrock gravel, so that there will be consid
erable money in circulation from now on. or
the pure stuff from which money Is made, a
crop that is always - worth Its face regardless
of good or bad times. The Eastllck brothers
are rushing work ln their hydraulic claims at
Oro Fino and expect to make big clean-ups
during the coming summer while the water
lasts. They have put in more extensive ele
vators than those used by the San Francisco
company lately working, the claim.
aratlon for the competitive drill to be helcl
on May 17. The committee and ushers will
meet at the same time to arrange final
details. The general public not admitted.
Low Hates — Improved. Service.
HO 35, San Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first cabin passage. Including: meals and!
berth. Only twenty-six hours en route.
Steamer Santa Rosa or Queen frost
Broadway wharf every Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under,
Palace Hotel.
In tho Divorce Court.
Mary C. Downs was granted a divorce
from R. C. Downs yesterday on the)
ground of desertion. James L. McComb
has been graned a divorce from Lizzie
McComb on the same ground. Clara C.
Cady has sued Palmer M. Cady for a di
vorce, alleging cruelty as cause of action.
DREDGER MINING HAS THE STAGE
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE — In the above exposition of tho tides
the early morning, tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
ere ln addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) Bljm precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given b7 the charts. | The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lowi»r low waters.
Bun rises j>:09
Sun sets •••¦ -£0*
Moon rises 8:69 p. Tn.
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ GALL, SUNDAY; MAY 5, 1901.
NAVY TUG VIGILANT RUNS ASHORE
NEAR THE NAVAL TRAINING STATION
LIGHTHOUSE TENDER MADRONO TOWING THE NAVY TENDER VIGILANT OFF THE BEACH NEAR THE GOAT
ISLAND TRAINING STATION. WHILE ON HER WAY TO THE CITY WITH A "SHORE LEAVE" PARTY THE
TUG WENT ASHORE. >,VV. .V.
TO ARRIVE.
21
Time Time • Time Time
Date Ft. Ft- Ft. Ft.
L, W HW LW H W
B .. 6:26 ..0.2 1:45 4.5 6:00 3.0
HW L.W HW L W ¦
6 .. 0:04 5.5 7:05 —0.2 2:30 4.4 6:40 8.2
7 0:35 6.8 7:4S —0.1 3:15 4.6 7:27 8.2
g \.| 1:15 5.1 8:30 0.0 4:00 4.6 8:29 3.2
9 "... 2:05 5.0 9:16 0.1 4:47 4.8 - 9:41 3.2
10 ;.! 8:10 4.8 10:12 0:4 6:34 4.9 11:00 2.8
11 ... 4:28 . 4.6 11:09 0.6 6:17 6.1
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
M«y 5. f
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor ...*.] 6 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa... San Diego .• 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla Puset Sound Ports 11 am Pier !»
North Fork. . . Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
May 7.
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Mandalay.... Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
May 8. .
Santa Barb... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
May 9.
Acme Sluslaw River 12 m Pier 13
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
_ May 10.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 11.
Arcate Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What Pier 2
P er « China & Japan.... 1 pra PMSS
CltyPuebla.. Pujret Sound Ports 10 am Pier 9
Ar 5?' n ,..N. Y. via Panama./ 2 pm Pier 34
B. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.f Pier —
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
Due.
Rival Vlllapa Harbor May 5
Grace Dollar... >an Pedro May 5
Mandalay 7oquille River May 5
G. W. Elder.... 'ortlar.d and Astoria.. May 5
Bonlta Vewport .-. May 6
Queen ?an Diego May 5
Pomona -lumboldt May 6
Zealandla Honolulu Mav o
Hyades Seattle May 7
Adato Tacoma May 7
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports May 7
Rainier Senttle May 7
Kvarven Comox May 7
Acme Stuslaw River ;... May 7
Tltanla Nanaimo May 8
Santa Barbara. San Pedro May 8
Roanoke N. Y. via Panama May 8
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 8
Corona Newport May 8
Eureka Humboldt ' May 9
Newport , Panama & Way Ports. May 9
Guatemala |ValparaiBo & Way Pts. May 9
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma May It
Arcata Cooi Day May 0
Santa Rosa San Diego May 9
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 9
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. May 10
Pan Bias Champerlco May 11
Coptic China and Japan May 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... May 11
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
Due.
Rival Vlllapa Harbor May 5
Grace Dollar... >an Pedro May 5
Mandalay 7oquille River May 5
G. W. Elder.... 'ortlar.d and Astoria.. May 5
Bonlta Vewport .-. May 6
Queen ?an Diego May 5
Pomona -lumboldt May 6
Zealandla Honolulu Mav o
Hyades Seattle May 7
Adato Tacoma May 7
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports May 7
Rainier Senttle May 7
Kvarven Comox May 7
Acme Stuslaw River ;... May 7
Tltanla Nanaimo May 8
Santa Barbara. San Pedro May 8
Roanoke N. Y. via Panama May 8
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 8
Corona Newport May 8
Eureka Humboldt ' May 9
Newport , Panama & Way Ports. May 9
Guatemala |ValparaiBo & Way Pts. May 9
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma May It
Arcata Cooi Day May 0
Santa Rosa San Diego May 9
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 9
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. May 10
Pan Bias Champerlco May 11
Coptic China and Japan May 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... May 11
Umatllla Puset Sound Ports 11 am Pier !»
North Fork. . . Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
May 7.
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Mandalay.... Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
May 8. .
Santa Barb... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
May 9.
Acme Sluslaw River 12 m Pier 13
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
_ May 10.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 11.
Arcate Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What Pier 2
P er « China & Japan.... 1 pra PMSS
CltyPuebla.. Pujret Sound Ports 10 am Pier 9
Ar 5?' n ,..N. Y. via Panama./ 2 pm Pier 34
B. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.f Pier —
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
M«y 5. f
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor ...*.] 6 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa... San Diego .• 9 am Pier 11
Time Time • Time Time
Date Ft. Ft- Ft. Ft.
L, W HW LW H W
B .. 6:26 ..0.2 1:45 4.5 6:00 3.0
HW L.W HW L W ¦
6 .. 0:04 5.5 7:05 —0.2 2:30 4.4 6:40 8.2
7 0:35 6.8 7:4S —0.1 3:15 4.6 7:27 8.2
g \.| 1:15 5.1 8:30 0.0 4:00 4.6 8:29 3.2
9 "... 2:05 5.0 9:16 0.1 4:47 4.8 - 9:41 3.2
10 ;.! 8:10 4.8 10:12 0:4 6:34 4.9 11:00 2.8
11 ... 4:28 . 4.6 11:09 0.6 6:17 6.1
IVicHmond Ranges
on approval !
GRAPE-HUTS.
Sterling F\irnit\ire
'Phone /fT*^ Frew delivery In
private exchange -(.'01X113 81 JVT--'' AW^Jdl
Credit? Certainlyl Pay $5.00 down and $1.00 a .week, if
you like. ' ;-' 2 . .; \ • - -\ ./- : / ,
and in every way exactly as we represent* it, we'll take it back
and refund you exactly what you paid for it — without quibbling.
1 tKe best baKer
a fuel economizer
We want to put a Richmond range in your home on, approval.
If, after a fair trial/you do riot find it to be
ALLEGED CHINESE THIEF.— Jung Glng
was arrested yesterday by detectives Ed and
T. B. Gibson on the charge of stealing jewelry
belonging to Mrs. Dollle Ogden. Mason street.
about a month ago, - where he was employed
as cook. He was booked at the City Prison.
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
San Benito County.'
Silver Greek Quicksilver Mine,
Santa Clara County*
Bavins bought and developed these mines.
during the past three years, and now desiring to
build expensive furnaces, we offer to the publlo
the balance of the Treasury Stock, abont 30,000
shares ln each company, on the following
50 CENTS PER ffTTAIfp?.
No stock sold unless equal amount la taken
in each company. . . .
Both mines under one management.
VAST QUANTITIES OP RICH ORE AL-
READY DEVELOPED. -
DIVIDENDS WILI, BE PAID AS SOON AS
FURNACES ARE RUNNING.
Quicksilver mines are the most permanent and
profitable of all mines. Our mines are adjacent
to mines that have produced over 1100,000,000
worth of quicksilver. -
Let us show you these mines, and Judge for
yourself. '
We guarantee to pay all assessments on this
stock' for. five years.
The money obtained from the sales of stock
will be used in the construction of Scott Fur-
naces, which Mr. Robert Scott Is now building,
and developments, which will immediately raise
the price of the stock.
H. R. BRADFORD, i
President and General Manager. -
. 7 North Market St.. SAN JOSE. CAI* .
- Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office,
413 Kearny Street. San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS.' Agent. ;
We naturally believe in Grape-Nuts.
-or It has saved the life of our baby."
««. a lE..Hagdin, Baring H^, XSJUL. ' '
"The doctor was doins all he could, but
finally we sent for an uncle, an old physi-
cian, to come and see her. The doctors
agreed perfectly, but uncle advised us to
use Grape-Nats Food.
"TVe immediately got some and placed
a spoonful ln some boiling water. This
"was allowed to Blmmer until the food be-
«aoe perfectly soft. A little rich milk was
s<i<le<l and just enougrh sugar to sweeten.
It mode a delicious food, and It was as-
tonlEhlng how perfectly it agreed with our
baby and how ehe did lick it down.
"Ehe would not drink milk unless It had
Grape-Kuts Food ln it thereafter.
"After a few days she began to show
marks of improvement, then she improved
very rapidly. When we began feeding her
Grape-Kuts she weighed about ten pounds,
now she weighs over thirty and Is almost
as broad as sh<j Is long.
Our frlend3 all think It a miracle that
Bhe recovered. While I am writing this
Jetver one of my older girls has just come
up begging for some Grape-Nuts and
cream.
"Ehe was starving to death, for every-
thing she ate was immediately thrown off
from her stomach. We tried every kind
of food we could think of, and only kept
her alive by rubbing olive and cod liver
oil Into the pores of ter skin.
A minister's wife, name given below,
writes: "I do not exaggerate ln the least
¦when I Bay that I havo never yet seen a
picture of the Btarvlng babies of India
that looked as bad as our baby did. The
tkin wu drawn as tigrhtly as possible over
her little frame and was almost black.
Her little form was so shrunken that It
tras pitiable to look at. Her bright eyes
only showed that ehe was alive.
When a baby's life can be Bared by
food It la -worth while knowing something
of that food.
Tto Minister's "Wife "Was Bight.
THINK SO?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W7 "aSs A MANUrAGTURER'S SURPLUS * A rll
¥/ I STOCK OF RIBBONS. y> \ JL \
V^y / I Spr We bought for less tlwn one-half" price and V £ $ \fCTr* 3
.US Z' *U~ i Av' we are .-going .to .give, our patrons the benc- \- • w
m^ . j^J . Sit of our purchase. Yards and yards of * t -^ e
M| .... ¦ ¦ % IW ... ribbon literally given away. a
$ V THE EARLY BIRD CATCHES THE WORM* ] _.^ 1
fl so follow this advice and corns white the assortment is complete* It is made of very a
fS best all-silk la rtfeta, soft and washable, comes in all the new spring shades of helio, blue* Q
Kg pink, rose, watermelon, white and green, mixed with whits, figured or plain and |-j | $k
Wr stripe effects, extra wide neck, ribbon width. The price is really beyond belief. 1^2^ B
J^WASH VEILS AT UNPARALLELED PRICES IN OUR HANDKERCHIEF DEPARTMENT $
jf 50 dozen LADIES' WASH VEILS, made of srood We have two very striking specials S
g wash net, fancy borders, dotted or figured effects, in . f or you this week. H
1. ter '""Rosenberg's price. !*.... 19c "LADIES* HANDKERCHIEFS, made of very best S
K ,.,,... . ' . , a ,r»r-m«»/»- a r» t a • ,, quality pure Belfast linen, hemstitched % and % Inch 9
m MUSLIM UJ!Ur.itVVrAII IALK. hems. Oup -wonder-creating price 10c g
If ~J^*s LADIES' SKIRTS, made of good, soft- ' AGAIN, LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, made of jL
H 9^tJ< bleached muslin, deep lawn flounce, clus- good Irish linen, hemstitched; dainty hand-made int- 11
|a i rjC^j'iy 1^. ter tucks,; extra dust ruffle, deep hem. tials, unlaundried, just as they come from the nunneries. H
I V/^C I U The small store's price.... -9Sc Beat this If you can 12&C |]
i/rf0&r*ji% LADIES' DRAWERS, made of best Bf
I :J^§|i& aSffi^A^t^SS^SK REMARKABLE PRICE CONCESSIONS IN |
E • N S?$T^ • lacVcut very full, an sizes. Rosenberg's OUR UNDERSKIRTS* ¦ fl
,ii way of selllnc • •'• OSc t*
a • iiA«/n nrri/i'ijri'n 1 LADIES' SKIRTS, made . of very best Quality H
t 9 NOVEL NECKWEAR." - ~ Italian cloth, ruffled bottom, warranted last black. W
is ¦ t at->ttt<s' rnTT a ft a isTTk a ssr-oT tttt mcrio. nt iioat Cut ver v wide, extra long. Tou can't buy material m
i LiAUIOjO i^*_»l-iJ-/AJtv ASS U ¦ ADK^K) ± lliL, mace OI DeSI f tV>» nrlra w«» ««st */¦»•• tVifo ali-<i-+ onmnia+A ta -t fl
I white Scotch cheviot, satin stripe, fastened with dainty ror the prIce we ask for thIs sklrt complete 81 fl
H pear! pin. A bargain for................. f.... 3."c ffi* HFRF ARF SflillF I ARIFS* B
I A FEW ITEMS FROM OUR BUSY CORSETl JL SUITS §
Jf, . TIFPARTMFMT Leading Physicians . VT/VV • B
| UL r/ll* I lYJLni I • Recommend Them. IW< That arc offered to yon at a M
\ The NEW CENTURY CORSET waist, neither waist (j \ Fraction of their real value. if
'« nor corset, but a combination of both. For delicate A \ LADIES' SUITS, made of good qual- H
ft women who cannot stand the pressure of a stiff, heav- y/Vt i \ > lty all-wool cloth; jacket new fly front H'
B7 * ily boned corset, it has no equal. It is made of very f It I \ effect L'Aisrlon collar lined -with h#>«t la
M best fast-black or gray Italian cloth, steel or button C^Ul .' LA. quality Italian clotl? skirt f seven-por^i H
m front, long or cutaway length. Our quick-selling -.7^ \ flounce, lined throughout with beatjer- B
« price :... Sl.OO iV"J caline lining and corduroy bound. P.os- Js
a AGAIN, OUR NEW STRAIGHT FRONT is the .V"W enberg*s price always lowest.. ..87.75 H
«? very best corset made for this price or even more * . En
If money. It is made of very best quality French Coutil, Turcc DDirPC r*IV!T rnrcu non/lST rfcc M
f| full flared sloping bust, medium hips, bias cut, hand "ILOL ri\ll,L.C> UIVL iKCon rKUUl Ur ft
1R gored, a corset our competitors ask $2 50,for. Our spe- n/\cixn/ir cnv/iiir* H
jb Siai 81.50 PUolllVt oAYINb. a
&§ A NEW FORM CORSET, made of very best French LADIES' VESTS made best nuaJltv American ¦»*• R
ffl Coutil. fancy silk embossed flowers, lace and ribbon i o^Tnec£ T ho sleeves "eck and 'ar^T size crocheted with «
S . beading trimmed, well boned and substantially sewn. l ° l 7^ ™£*' d rlvm^ throiieh with sflk tin^ rnlnr, ¦
H "« «* e Our U m^nl"Lvin < gp^c4..!?. 1 °!L.?:5c I
&/ Corset fitted free. Fitting Rooms on Main Floor. VVfSY'nFRQ MFVfR PFAQF «f
it 'ML- FEATHER BOAS LADIKS* VB^TS. made of good quality three-thread «
KB tM&Sx&i »* t n * •., -¦• -. ' - < . .. cotton; low neck, no sleeve, neck and arm size cro- W
ffil 't^r'tfeviw prices tnnt win astonish oil. cheted and drawn through with tape. The best for the H
m d.^ «S?L LADIES' FEATHER BOAS, made of le^at 10c fj
m • isjc(»M ' e°oi genuine ostrich feathers, the kind .,-»* U
ra *W^fi5«S that kee P their curl; extra long fiber; i&\T*-h MHTHFRQ ATTFlMTIflV ' fl
xi *S5C \\f**wv&< rloh nnc^ lustrous; 45 inches long; very fej \T'-9 HIUillLnjj A% I I LH l!U,\. *1
YA fiSK Warj full; color9 e ra >' or black. Tho crown- JT^v Tho FERRIS "WAIST Is the boat tfl
H MM k9%«' \ ng c} 111 ™ 1 l9 thelr exceptional cheapness /jh^ff/fifca waist made for your little ones. It ia M
$ H ! «W P " Ot ln Q y * 1 2«75 gmni! mado of best quality Itallajx cloth, do- E
M ' SwUlSsffls' • n ftVFC! Cl riVrc I T^fc&ifoxtfl tachablo hose supportera, removable A?
va *$EM WBf vLUVLOJ OLUYL3 I t£JrJ5&i*2!\ elastic straps, which give with the Cl
0 TnsSk nKSl T>no reputation of this department for !&&^Z^&SL movement of the body and prevent *i
cS W ( 8W prood quality nnd oxcellcnt values is so C.Sr^'^i^^S the buttons from being pulled off. For ti
m Wt$t (H^r ¦ wcI1 kn own that these values need but BW%*?£&J&9vA quality and price these waists have M
Kj Wff' W ter«o mention. They are sure to find uV}£*&><&1£&. no equal. Waist, with supporter at- K\
H quick appreclutlon. &'*&*%*&'¦ Jfc&Ei tached 1()c» tfl
» I.ADIKS' OAI'D GLOVKS, mado of very bfst quality T'/^SSj^oSfea C7
|8 of Ku«»la leather; "Paris Point" Btitched back; one MORF VVOMFIFRS Sf
N clasp; plquo down. Can't be distinguished from tho gen- ¦ ; ifivri%t- iTuni/uia. rj
U ulna Dont. Marked for rapid selling Sl.OO 500 pieces BLACK TAFFETA RIBBON, warranted all W
\ i -/rtMn)' -"HOSIERY!; HOSIERY! 12. our price. Oc I
1 MW^ M Pr ' Ce8 T ! h t° n h y ° U hnV ° eVe " t\ °o U ur P p r r\ C c e e. \%% g
1 it* CHILDREN'S HOSE.° P made of best Ribbon bow. tltd free by expert bow maker..
M fgffgg Peruvian cotton: double heola. toes and H!ID ATTDAPTinM IQ HIID I flW DDIPTC W
m *$$& knees; warranted fast black; lull length; UUK AllllALIIUI\ IJ UUK LUVVHKlLuo. W
Vi !»$» GXtra elaStlCl Astonlsh 'nBly low at .... JUST RECEIVED— Latest patterns in FRENCH «
¦ Wjm , l—VSC LACE INSERTION, warranted fast black, double and fa
M WB ALSO, an entire line of LADIES' straight edge. Only 15c W
» * Elfl HOSE, all made of best fast black /5s
H JMffk Kgyptlan cotton or lisle; some plain, ABOUT HALF WHAT OTHFRS ASK £f
m jfisHtfa witn rlb bed tops or white feet- also a ftDUlJI U/\*-* YYn/\l UinLKd /\3K. fcf
B /V93gr complete line of Parisian novelties ln Latest Parisian patterns of ARABIAN GALONS t4
is Ha?'^ tlle new lace effecta - A11 to bo soM at and Cluny insertions in the newest shades of cream or w
B the one price ..25c ecru, 2^-s Inches wide. Remarkably priced 25c tf
J JOB ZE^OSE33>T-BEH^Gr, I
M Mailorders TVLarlC^t Street, PHBLAN B
lW Solicited. /tUNHlNQ THROUGH TO tt O'FARRELL STJIEET., BUILDING. bL
1O39 V»Marhet^ Street
=rOppoaite * MoAllief r *
Sterling' FurnitureBarneson was . removed to the Waldeck
Sanatorium, where he was made as com
fortable as possibler At > a late hour his
physicians reported that he was doing as
well as could be expected.
Captain John Barneson Is one of the
best liked and most efficient men in the
yoke snapped. The horses took fright and
started on a. wild gallop.
: The light buggry.was overturned and the
occupants were pitched out. Captain
Barneson suffered a number of bruises in
addition to his broken limb. The horses
ran for some distance and were then
stopped by Officer de la Guerra. The ani
mals were unhurt but the buggy was
ruined. - .: -
The' fiftieth anniversary of the estab
lishment of the work of the Young Men's
Christian Association In America will be
celebrated this year from July 11 to 16 at
Boston. A large delegation will attend
from this city and State.
Will Send Delegates.
Word was received In the city yesterday
that Dr. E. N. Lowry, who had practiced
medicine in this city for several years,
died Friday evening at Cincinnati. The
deceased was well known as a sportsman
and 'was one of the most expert flycasters
on the coast. He was also quite a dog
fancier and owned several well bred set
ters, which invariably won the blue rib
bon at the bench shows. For a number of
years Dr. Lowry had resided at the Colo
nial Hotel.
Dr. Lo wry Dies in Cincinnati.
The fifteenth annual social reunion of
the people Of Sacred Heart parish, which
was held yesterday at Sunset Park in the
Santa Cruz Mountains, proved one of the
most delightful parish picnics ever ar
ranged in this city. There were about
2000 people present and it required three
trains • to -convey the crowd to the park.
Not a single disturbance of any nature or
mishap. occurred. to interrupt the pleasure
of the day. The train did not arrive at
the ground until 12 o'clock,' and immedi
ately after the well-filled hampers had
been emptied dancing and games were
commenced.
The committee wh"o had the affair in
charge consisted of Mark Melerin, Harry
I. Mulcreary, Hugh Keenan, I. D. Dwyer,
Philip Lawler and Daniel Sullivan. Harry
Mahoney was floor manager, and Lieu
tenant Frank McCarty, George . Sullivan,
George M. Kelley,- George Peterson and
L J. Hughes assistants. . ';.».. >
SACRED « HEART PARISH
- HOLDS GRAND REUNION
Immense Crowd Attends Annual Pic
-nic at Sunset Park in the Santa •
Cruz Mountains.
it was a portion of the amount that had
been given him- by Mrs. Heilig.
/Both Pratt and the .woman will be, held
pending- further instructions ¦¦ -from- the-'
Texas Sheriff. ' -;•••*•:''¦' ¦" ' . ,. ; .
Acting under telegraphic Instructions
from the Sheriff of Braunf els, Texas, De
tective Whittaker last night arrested J.' B.
Pratt, aged 40 years, and Matilda Heilig.
aged 35 years, on a charge of grand lar
ceny. They were found at the Langham
Hotel, where they were registered as
husband and wife.
Pratt is Postmaster of Braunfels. Mrs.
Heillg Is the wife of Thomas Helllg,_who
Is a well-to-do farmer of that place. She
is the mother of four children. Some time
ago Mrs. Heilig met Pratt and fell des
perately in love with him. An elopement
was planned, but as Pratt was short of
funds Mrs. Heilig gave him $500 to pay
the expenses. The couple arrived here
on April 25 and rented apartments at the
Langham. Yesterday Pratt visited the
office of the Oceanic Steamship Company
and made arrangements for himself and
Mrs. Heilig to sail on the Sierra for Syd
ney on May 9. Detective Whittaker
learned of their intentions and he decided
to place them under arrest. Going to the
hotel he met them as they were leaving
their room and took them to police head
quarters. When shown a dispatch from
the* Sheriff of the Texas town asking for
the arrest of the couple for grand lar
ceny Mrs. Heilig declared that the money
she had given Pratt belonged to her and
not to her husband, as the telegram would
Indicate. More than ?400 was found on
Pratt. It was sewed up in his vest, and
¦when questioned he readily admitted that
Located in a Hotel by a De
tective and Taken to
City Prison.
ELOPES WITH
A POSTMASTER
There will not be any more excittngruns
of the Fire Department horses I to { fires. 4
At a meeting of . the Commissioners yes
terday an order was made: that in future
drivers in- responding, to alarms must not
gallop the horses, a trot, being, fixed -as
the maximum of speed."
Fire Horses Must Be Trotted.
The reports given out yesterday at the
California Woman's Hospital were to the
effect that Mrs. Frank Carolan was im
proving-as rapidly as could! be* expected
considering: the delicate natuYe; of the od
eratlon which she underwent. , Although
It will be weeks before she can 1 leave her
bed, the physicians who have her case in
their care believe that she has safelv
passed the danger point and Is on the road
to recovery. .-.-.*• . ¦ , - • -
Mrs. Cardan Improving.
The student conference of the American
committee of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association will be in session from
May 17 to 27 at Capltola. It Is expected
that students from all the universities
colleges and normal schools will be In at
tendance.. The* conference will be under
the leadership ofMlss Helen Barnes, as
sisted by Miss <€onde, the National Stu
dents' Young Women's Christian Associa
tion secretary, and Miss Reynolds, the
world's secretary. Addresses will. be de
livered by many of the State's prominent
theologians. .
Students' Conference.
"I 'expect to ibe- a. candidate before the
Republican convention," the Sheriff said,
"and any report that I have decided not
to-be, but to run as an independent can
didate, Is false. Some of my friends have
said that if opposition arose 1 1 could ; run
as an independent , and >. win out, . but I
never have said that '. I even' thought of
such : ai course. , I do not ; believe in that
policy, land it has not proved successful in
San- Francisco politics. Whatever hap
pens i or ¦; whatever • control the
convention, I do: not think I would run as
an independent candidate."
- If j D^ane - mns for Sheriff • or : If he ' de
cides toTceep out entirely, leaving the field
open, the contest, between,, his .deputies
will be a merry one. / ; >
•. "I am now willing. to announce," North
rop said, yesterday,- "that in the event; of
Mr.' Deane not seeking -the : office i I . shall
be a candidate. before the Republican con- J
SHSBBt'HHBHHKSHHflHfllHriRMflHi
"I have not announced myself as a can
didate for Sheriff," Mr. Deane said yes
terday, "nor have I said that I would not
be a candidate for a third term as County
Clerk. . ' The whole question Is ¦ in abey
ance until advisers in whom I place much
confidence return and give me the bene
fit of their judgment of what Is best for
me to do." j • . , • .. :¦
j Sheriff Lackrr ann Is confident that he
will win -If the new primary election law
operates . to .- give San "Francisco a clean
convention— one " in .which < the - delegates
act of their, own will and not according to
the dictates of bosses. ' ' '
Lackmann a Candidate.
County Clerk D«ane is known to be
doubtful of the wisdom of running for a
third term, and he only awaits the en
couragement of advisers who are now out
of the city/ notably M. H. de Young, to
announce himself as a candidate for
Sheriff. .:¦¦• v l\ . \ ..•..
Deane Waits for Advice.
Rumor that Shenit L»ackmann . would
not seek the Republican nomination, but
would run as an independent candidate
for re-election, was spread persistently
during the day, but the Sheriff denies any
such intention. He says he will be a can
didate before the - Republican convention
unless conditions should change greatly
before delegates to ¦, the convention be
chosen', and that at present he has no in
tention of running independently In any
event.
This surprising news bruited about the
City Hall caused more talk than has been
devoted to politics in a month past and
quite overshadowed I McKinley reception
plans. Meanwhile . Deane, who holds the
key to the situation- so far as these can
didates are concerned, keeps his own
counsel, waiting, as he- explains, for thu
arrival of-certain advisers who will help
him decide whether he. shall become a'
candidate for Sheriff, seek a third term
as County Clerk or retire from the politi
cal game for the present. :¦ •
Joseph Goddard, V. F. Northrop, A. B.
Mahony and possibly W. R. Jost, all dep
uties «in the County Clerk's office, are the
aspirants to Deane's present position. All
are Judicious In declaring that if Deane
becomes' a candidate their. loyalty to him
will prevent their becoming his opponents
before the convention.. But- they have
taken the precaution to let it be known
in advance of any declaration from. Deane
that if he Is not a candidate they, will be
out for the office. -• v , ¦ " : .;',.¦- ¦
A bunch of hopeful politicians about the
City Hall are waiting for County Clerk
Deane's decision as to whether or not ha
will be a candidate for re-election before
announcing- their own various candida
cies. Yesterday the strain of waiting be
came too great and three of them came
out as candidates for County Clerk, pro
vided Deane does not seek the office.
Deane, it is rumored, wants to enter the
lists against Lackmann and other candi
dates for the shrievalty nomination, but
he is at present undecided whether to
make this fight a plan to succeed himself.
vention. Of course, if he runs again I
shall not show ingratitude and become an
opponent." i
Deputy Clerk Goddard also has served
under Deane for seven years in the capac
ity of chief warrant clerk and confidential
clerk to Deane himself.
"If Mr. Deane decides not to run,'.' God
dard said, VI am a candidate for the of
fice. It is my impression that he will not
run and that he will be a candidate for
Sheriff. But if he wants a third term as
County Clerk my relations with him here
have been such as to. preclude my becom
ing an opposing candidate."
W. R. Jost denies that he will be a can
didate, but some of his friends declare
his name nevertheless will be presented
to the Republican convention.
But all the speculation as to possible
candidates for the nomination for County
Clerk 3s clearly subject to the final deci
sion of Desv 3. If Deane goes after the
shrievalty t -jre is liable to . be a lively
contest; as } Is pretty well known that iri
addition to -' ackmann and Deane there
are several btfiex candidates for the nom
ination In the field.
Murphy Must \ Pay Alimony.
Judge Graham entered judgment yester
day against Bertram Samuel Joseph Fin
nistone -O'Neill Murphy and in favor! of
his .former wife, Nora Helen Gertrude
O'Neill Murphy, - for 515,081 accumulated
alimony, interest thereon and costs of
suit. Murphy, who is the.fson "of a pio
neer merchant of this cit jr.? and 'reputed, to
be- wealthy, was diyorced from his wife in
England ever live" years ago, •; and Mrs.
Murphy was • given an , alimony judgment
for , $1450, but was unable to collect ' the
same. Suit was subsequently instituted
in this city on behalf of Mrs. Murphy, and
Judge Graham has now decided that Mur
phy must pay the amount named. in the
original Judgment, together with the ac
cumulations set forth. An effort to sat
isfy; the judgment out of Murphy's inter
est in his father's estate, which is located
in this city, will be made; •¦
-Mrs. Mary Brennan, \ living at 1119
Greenwich street, is the victim of a cruel
hoax. On April -26 notices of her death
were printed in the morning newspapers,
notwithstanding that she was alive and
Well. * ~;.: S •'¦£ 'Jf
Many of her relatives, on reading the
notices, purchased a number of floral of
ferings and ordered them sent to the
house of the woman who was supposed to
have passed away.
Mrs.,Brennan's nephew, Thomas Dillon,
anxious to comfort the family in their
hour of "affliction," lost no time in going
to the house, intending to arrange for the
funeral of the . "departed" aunt. As he
knocked at the door, of the little home
he was amazed to hear the familiar voice
of his relative asking "Who's there?"
The next instant the door opened and
with a cry of delight Mrs. Brennan threw
her arms around her nephew's neck.
™!t th0T if ht y° u wer e dead?" exclaimed
Dillon, after recovering from the surprise
of seeing hia aunt alive and well
"Do I look like it?" asked Mrs. Bren
nan. I guess I'm good for several years
to come. *•¦¦"- ¦••¦¦• .
Dillon, angered beyond measure ' im
mediately sought Captain Seymour and
appealed to him to find the perpetrator
°* !u e i rue } hoax - Yesterday he appeared
at the bond and warrant office at the Hall
of. Justice and asked for a warrant for
the arrest of Mrs. Mary Callahan, who is
also known as Maggie Mella. who, he
claimed, had inserted the notice announc
ing the death of his aunt. As there waa
nothing in the statute books to cover the
case his request for a warrant was de
nied. Revenge for some fancied griev
ance, Dillon claims, prompted the woman
to have the notices published.
False, Notice of Death
of Mrs. Brennan Is -: \
Published.
SEEKS REVENGE
IN CRUEL JOKE!
Al Are Waiting to Learn If W. A. Deane Will Enter the
Fight (Before Declaring Themselves. .;
BIG IS THE CROP OF CANDIDATES
FOR SHERIFF OF SAN FRANCISCO
GAPTAIN JOHN. BARNESON, ma
rine superintendent of the United
States army transport service,
, was thrown. from a buggy yester
day afternoon, in Golden Gate
•Park and had his leg. broken. The acci
dent occurred on. the speedway and was
caused by the breaking of the neckyoke.
Captain Barneson's team was a spirited
one, but the' captain had,', the. horses well
i in hand. He, had traversed the length of
the speedtrack, turned his team and was
•on his way back when suddenly the neck-,
transport service. He has commanded
both steam and sailing . vessels, and it
was. because of his thorough knowledge
of marine affairs that he was chosen to
fill his present position. _
Captain Barneson has many friends
throughout California, Oregon and Wash
ington, and is almost as well known in
Australia as on the Pacific Coast. He
was in business on Puget Sound for a
number of years, the firm name being:
Barneson & Chilcott. He came to San
Francisco at the outbreak of the war and
soon afterward was appointed to his pres
ent position.
r ¦ - ¦ ' .v ; - ; ¦. • •.. ;¦; ,-•;
LOCAL, SUPERINTENDENT OF THE UNITED STATES TRANSPORT
SERVICE, WHO WAS THROWN, FROM A BUGGY^IN GOLDEN GATE
PARK AND SUSTAINED A FRACTURE OF THE LEG. -/.-
Marine Superintendent of Transport Service
While.:Driving in the Park Is Thrown
From Buggy and -Has His Leg Broken
CAPTAIN J. BARNESON
VICTIM OF ACCIDENT
THE SAN FHANC5IS0O CALL, ,S^TfAY,{M^ :5, 1901.
22
642 Market 5t. immruments
UM0E9 CHRONICLE BUtt.DIN&. CATALC6Ut FREE .
AT
REDUCED PRICES..
Oculists' crEscrlstlons filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing:. Phone. Mala IX
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
Stereo FJeld Glasses
".'"¦-'¦ - : / ' •
! - '
We lake pleasure in announcing the arrival
of a veru large shiDment of the following
NEW GOODS,
FINE TWILL ALL-SILK FOULARDS, satin "nnlsh and 24
Inches In width ; all the latest shades, such as
Reseda, Grags, Old Ross, 'Maroon; National, Gobelin
. and Violet j also New White and Black Effects.
Price $1.25 Yard.
FRENCH PRINTED GHAIrYS, with narrow 'and wide
- - satin stripes,- fou'ard silk designs and all ths latest
pastel colorings, suitahla for hath housg and
street wear. • - : ¦ '
- — -X-P1C6 oOU I <il U«
SZOTCH ZEPHYR GINGHAMS, in stripas, Checks and
Plaids, full 32 inches wide j theu are In Blues,
Pinks, LaYanler, N8iY R3d ani White and Black.
Yari
MERCERIZED PRINTED SATEENS, 3D Inchas In width,
sams designs as -French Foulards, and fulln 40
different patterns j this is a most deslr&hle fahrlc
for summer wear. ' •/ '¦¦y^r'
Price 25c Yard.
¦2000 REMNANTS PLAIN AND CHENILLE DOT TUXEDO
VEILINGS; Black, Cream and Colors, 1 lengths from
v : "%\X6 innards \ marked down to LESS THAN
HALF PRICE. ,
' : {r - ¦ - ¦-••> •¦ ¦ :/ " •* "-'"""- '"'¦ -• '"'-'¦ "¦ ' ¦ " '¦¦ " ' ' ' ¦ ¦
. III. 113. !!5. 117. »9. 121 POST STREET.
; DR. PIERCES ELEGTRIG BELT ]
• America Ahead of the World In Electrical Inrea- *
• tlons f Everybody knows tins! Our new Body-"
• Battery, (U. S. fa tent) is strictly an American '
•Inrentloa— TUB Belt of the Centurr. It send* a<
¦powerful, rerersibld current through the human.
. body from llemd to Foot, curing Chronic and 4
. Kerrous Diseases and Weakness of Male or Female <
. as if by Magic So positive are we that no other «
¦ belt is the equal of " Dr. Pierce's," that wo will lend «
• it o.\ APPKOVAI, for comparison with anTbelt*
¦ now sold in America. " Seeing ia BelieYlng." J
! NOTE.— We never send belts "On Trial," there- *
¦ fore in. ordering w Dr. Pierce's" no risk to run of *
• contractins *Ui» l»l«e«.»e or other Disorders by •
¦using an -appliance previously worn by other'
• perrtima. Call, or send a 2c. stamp for new "Booklet '
; No.2." Address: PIEECK KLKOTRIC CO. \
, 1145 BriKi'tirir, "n»ar • > '>*h s- \ f>f-vr York,.
Or 20O Post St,, San Francisco.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
THE BLACKGOODS HOUSE
I1G6 Market Strest.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 472.
SUITS TO O:.DER IN EVERY STYLE.
MOURNING VEILS
MOURNING
HANDKERCHIEFS
MOURNINGSUITS
S7.S0
MOURNING SUITS
$10 00
MOURNINGSUITS
$12.50
MOURNING SUITS
$15.00
MOURNING SUHS
& 17.50
MOURNINGSUITS
$20.00
We specialize this branch of our
business. Having all the facilities io
'manufacture in ihe very shzr.est
possible time, we can easily deliver
orders as desired.
Mourning Outfits.
THEJiNOaNAN FURNITURE CO., I HC ..
1017-1023 mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisso.
Close every night, except Saturdays and the day preceding holidays, at 6 o'clock sharp.
Quarter-sawed Oak— Polish . finish panels, French Bevel Mir-
ror. Full swell dresser and commode, beautifully finished with
handsome raised filigree designs. Cannot be duplicated in San
Francisco for -less than $85.00; for we pay no rent and give you
the benefit, thereby, you make a s?reat saving on all the housefur-
nishings you buy, of us. -We sell jast as cheap for credit as our
neighbors do for cash.
0A£ GHAMfiEfi SUITE $60.0a
Cash
or
Little
at
a
Time;
, RE^\O\/ED.
PATRICK & CO.,
• • RUBBER • STAMPS, ETC..
TO 221 SANSOWB ST,
Between Pine and California its.
moss'
KID GLOVE
BARGAINS
This Week.
5Oc
LADIES' DRIVING and BICYCLE
GAUNTLETS in the most desirable
shades.. 'Sold regularly at ninety-
cents. .
64c
LADIES' TWO-CLASP REAL KID
GLOVES, 'in all • sizes. l Formerly,
sold at one dollar. .
k ¦ ¦,;.::;-¦• : ¦.¦74c- :; :: v . : :k'
LADIES' TWO -CLASP KID
.GLOVES, in black," gray, mode, red
and brown. ' Stylish,' durable and ;
good flttins. ' .
48c
MISSES' KID GLOVES, in browns
and tans. Reduced from seventy- :
five cents.- Broken sizes. -
MOSS' GLOVE STORE
1210 j MARKET, STREET,
S-% Between 5 , Taylor and . Jones^ *
"rk: gLo^s!^^ 1011 . 111 fa^:
:. -Misses' i Lisle . Thread, 15c per
.pair. ~" "' " .;¦; e •.• „% , - . ¦ - ,
i "'Ladies' v two-clasp" i. Taffetas Jn^
black and colors, . 25c per pair. '
feel Ci $1.00 jerYear
0R.1GRULTI
T'HIS \i:*!.lX-KXOWN AND RKLrABLE OLD
«to%7ifv?«^?A? e » ci^ e - Term!l reasonable: Hours.
toSftnfrJJ 6:3 2 to8 - 30 /, T 'KS-Hnndajr.,, 10 to 12. Consnl-
Ution free and sacredly confidential Can oe address
P J IO8(!OE MeStCLTY, M.D.
80 M Kearay St^ Man * ranciac©, CaJ-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON ST3.-RB-
modeled and xenovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to »1 60 day;
t& to IS week: iS to 130 month. Free baths: hoc
and cold water every room: are grates In «r<rr
room; elevator run* all night.
• . Men's . suits . made • to . order, $1 . week.
Smith Talforing Co.,' 128 Ellis street.';; • -
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co.; 406 Clay.*
Send to the office of the Southern Pa-
cific : Company, 613 Market . street, San
Francisco, for one oi the new topograph-
ical maps of the Yosemite Valley. -^
ADVEB-TISEMUNTS.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
Ef and stylish ones, too.. Each pair demonstrates our^j
gf good judgment in buying— and each being stamped 1]
M with a traxle-mark that is synonymous with everything §j
H that is correct in modern shoemaking. B
B Among our large variety of Oxfords are found styles fl
H and shapes never seen before, and the prices are easily u\
B recognized as honest ones. |j
M In our new $3.50 department we also show a splen- B
t| did line of Oxfords — with many styles and varieties to. B
Ejl rOR OUR NEW <? Corner* i^Ev^E^fenar ?^"awisETr. and JIT
&£ __ T^_ Catalogue . .^ o^eom </^uare <^^^e^ fnThe work of the United State3 Inspect
ors of Local and Foreign Steam* Vessels at
this port has been increasing so rapidly
for the past two years that the depart
ment has decided to add two Inspectors to
the present force. The names of Captain
James Guthrle of the Coos Bay and James
P. Dolan, chief engineer of the Pomona,
have been taken from the civil service el
igible list and recommended for the posi
tions of assistant inspector of hulls and
assistant inspector of boilers repectively.
It is expected that the news' of the ap
pointments will be received from Wash
ington In a few days. * . *\: *.
Bay and James P. Dolan the
Lucky Ones.
Captain James Guthrieof the Coos
TWO UrSPECTOBS ADDED
TO THE OLD FORCE
at S26 Hyde street last Thursday. The
Btory of the family troubles Is a roman
tic one. and the developments of the last
few chapters have been highly sensa
tional. . ..
Several years ago Coleman met and aft
erward married the only daughter of Mrs.
Mary Burdell of Burdells Station. The
young lady was heiress to 'half a million
dollars and very popular In the exclusive
society in which she moved. Shortly after
the birth of their child Kathlynne Mrs.
Coleman deserted her husband and said
she would never have anything more to
do with him. Mr. Coleman. who iff a
heavy investor in oil properties, allowed
her to do as she wished without moles
tation and continued in the pursuit of hie
business.
Last March he applied for divorce on
the ground of desertion, which was grant
ed by default, the court ruling that the
child should remain with the mother, un
less the latter married again. In which
case the little girl should be surrendered
to her father. Six days after the divorce
was granted Mrs. Coleman was married
at Reno. Nev., to Ed Smith. The child
had meanwhile, by the consent or both
parents, been placed In the care of mutual
friends at San Jose.
A short time ago Mrs. Smith assumed
the care of the child again without the
knowledge of Coleman. When he discov
ered the course affairs had 'taken he has
tened at once to the Smith residence on
Hyde street and demanded the child. A
wild scene ensued, culminating in Cole
man's arrest and trial on a charg-e of dis
turbing the peace and carrying concealed
weapons.
In accordance with the terms of divorce
custody of his child Kathlynne. whom he
tried to take forcibly from her mother
James C. Coleman, through his attor
ney, Maurice Samuels, yesterday applied
for a writ of habeas corpus to secure the
FATH ER INVOKES
AID OF COURTS
THE splendid ten-story and base
ment hotel structure to be erected
at the northwest corner of Powell
and Geary streets, eft the site of
the old Calvary Church, is pictured
herewith. The drawing is by the archi
tects. Bliss & Faville, who will superin
tend the work of construction. The build
ing will be in the French renaissance
style. The lower story* will be built of
some light-colored stone, which has not
yet been determined opon. The upper
stories will be of brick and terra cotta.
The cost, including the furniture, will ap
proximate $1,500,000. To carry the hotel
project on' two corporations have been
formed. -'. r — . .
The first of these corporations is the
Crocker Hotel Company, which' is to be
organized to purchase the real estate and
to erect the hotel building in the locality
Indicated and "to carry on the hotel busi
ness In all its branches." This corpora
tion has capital stock to the amount of
51,500,000, divided into 15,000 shares of the
par value of $100 each. The corporation is
to exist for fifty years. The directors who
are to serve the first year are' Henry T.
Ecott. Charles E. Green, William H.
Crocker, Charles H. Shaw and Alexander
F. Morrison. Each" director and John J.
Mahor.ey has subscribed for one share of
the Btcck, the actual subscription total
being $600.
The second corporation is the one that
¦will actually conduct the hotel, and will
be known as the San Francisco Hotel
Company. The directors in this company
are F. W. Dolirmann, W. Forsyth, E. A.
proceedings, Mr. Coleman now applies for
the legal restoration of his child. He is
willing that the child should live with
outside parties, but declines to allow her
remain under the same roof with Smith.
Attorney Shurtliff. Mrs. Smith's legal
adviser, says a minor child is always the
ward of the court, and that the previous
decision can easily be set aside. Mrs.
Smith means to keep the child at all haz
ards. The case will be brought up in
Judge Troutt's court Monday.
Kathlynne, by the -will of her grand
mother, Mrs. Burdell, is heiress to nearly
$100,000. but both parties state that this
is no factor In the contention. The Smiths
at nresent are living in a state of siege
at 926 Hyde street, according to the state
ments of neighbors. Every door of ap
proach is barred and the house bell Is
answered by a domestic from a third
story window.
' There are several details that have not
been decided 'jpon in the matter of con
struction, but the larger plans are com
pleted. The hotel building will not con
tain any stores or offices, being strictly
and exclusively for hotel purposes. In a
general way the arrangement of rooms is
based .upon the Touraine in Boston and
the Manhattan in New York. There will
be about SCO rooms. Every bedroom will
have an outside exposure and bath. Every
suite will, have a telephone connecting
with the office system. The lighting will
be by electricity. There will be three pas
senger-elevators and a fast freight and
a fast service elevator. A mezzanine floor
will have banqueting-rooms and recep
tion-rooms for banqueting guests. .. On the
top floor will be rooms for bachelors.
The feature of the hotel which will at
tract the greatest attention will be the.
arrangement and the furnishings of the
first, or ground floor. The picture shows
the style of the entrance and of the col
onnade, which will be very elegant. On
the southeast corner, fronting on Powell
and Geary streets; will be a palm garden
47x88 feet in dimensions. Tnis will be
open to ladies and gentlemen. Man will
be at his ease there, being permitted to
The Main Plans Completed.
Bruguiere. S. L. Goldstein, Mark L. Gerstle,
M. H. Hecht and William Thomas. This
company is organized with $300,000 capital
stock and with a life duration ol fifty
years. Each of the directors subscribes
for one share of stock, the par value of
which is $100. In the articles of incorpora
tion power is conferred to purchase, sell,
lease, mortgage and construct and con
duct hotels and lodging-houses and all
business incident thereto. This corpora
tion will furnish and conduct the hotel,
which the other company will construct.
It is said the Crocker estate has se
c*ured the services of Allan Pollok, at
present holding the responsible position
of buyer at the Palace, td manage the
hotel on its completion. Pollok is an old
hotel man and has a host of friends who
predict that the Crocker estate cannot se
cure a better man for the place.
In interior decoration the hotel will af
fect quietness and nothing gaudy will ap
pear. The furniture will cost about a
quarter of a million dollars. Money- will
not be spared in making the hotel the
most perfect structure for its uses that
can be devised and provided. It will be
fireproof, modern in every respect and
will anticipate the future as far as pos
sible in comforts and conveniences. The
work of excavating the lot for the foun
dations may begin within the next two
months. The expectation is that the ho-j
tel will not be ready for occupancy in
much less than two years. . .
The colonnade will separate the palm
garden from a library and a reception
room, the latter being on the northeast
corner with an entrance from the streets.
The library and reception-room both face
on Powell street. The library is 25:6x34:6
feet in size. The office will be directly
back of the library. Between the office
and the palm garden is a large loung
ing room for laoies and gentlemen, which
will be furnished with tables, magazines
and -all other conveniences. This room
is arranged to be 42x69:6 feet. On the
ground floor there is a ladies' parlor. At
the . back ! will be the main dining-room,
39x126 feet in size. The office will be able
to command a view of all parts of the
floor and the entrance to the barroom,
etc., the latter being in the basement.
Ladies' Parlor on Ground Floor.
smoke while he gazes out on Union
Square.
MAGNIFICENT HOTEL. TO BE ERECTED ON THE OLD CALVARY CHURCH. SITE AT THE CORNER OF POW
ELL AND GEARY STREETS AND WHICH WILL BE ONE OF THE MOST FINELY EQUIPPED HOSTELRIES
IN THE WORLD. "s. ¦ -
Two Corporations Will Combine to Give San Francisco a Splen
did Modern Establishment, Equipped With All the Latest
Arrangements for the Comfort of Its Visitors and Patrons
MAGNIFICENT WILL BE THE HOTEL
THAT IS TO BE CONSTRUCTED IN
THIS CITY BY CROCKER ESTATE
Music at the Park.
Following Is to-day's programme of mu
sic at the park: '. .-]
Overture. "Le Rot ¦ d'Tvetot". ..'....' Adam.
Mazourka,' "Les Ondines du.Nll Grognet
Selection from Tannhauser" .............Wagner
• With solo for cornet by W. Mahood.
Serenade . (solo for cornet) Schubert
¦ Performed by D." C Rosebrook. *
Themes from ' 'Madame Angrot" Lecocq
Overture, "Guarani" •'......'. Gomez
Waltz "New Del Monte" ...Redding:
Finale second act,"Alda" ..*....... ;..y...^. Verdi
Morceau, "Aubade Printanlere ......... Lnconie
March, "Atlantic City Board WalkV ..Schroeder.
Nearly two- weeHs ago Thomas G.
Jacques, a' capitalist,. and his' wife", Caro
line E. Jacques, were arrested on com
plaint of Mrs.^ Margaret L.' Gowdey of
Brooklyn,' N..Y., jwho is'at present in' the
city, on the charge of kidnaping her uncle,
Joseph O'Hare, an old man who had'lived
with the -Jacques family, -arid when . the
case was called; in Judge Cabariiss' court
it was continued till Tuesday, next. It was
then alleged 'by, Attorney: Cannon, who
represents > Mrs. \ Gowdey, that the ¦ object
of kidnaping ;the old man was to get pos
session of his property, valued at between
$20,000 and $40.000. ¦ •". >'. •' .
Yesterday Mrs. Gowdey swore to a com
plaint in Judge ¦ Cabaniss' court ¦ charging
Mr. -and. Mrs. Jacques and their son,-
Thomas . G." J. ¦ Jacques, ¦ with ¦ grand lar
ceny, the "amount, involved ¦¦ being $19,000.-
Attorney Cannon stated • that : the ; old , man
O'Hare, - who was * absolutely ; incompetent
to transact business, had been induced by.
the Jacques family to transfer his account
in : the German Savings ; Bank " to • Thomas
G. Jacques, and Jacques had withdrawn
the money, amounting to $8000. on deposit
there. The Jacques family had also taken
the old man. to. the Hlbernla Bank, it was
alleged, and had withdrawn $11,000 on de
posit there. To give a semblance of sin
cerity to the affair the Jacques family had
sold to the old man' some prcaerty on
Lombard street -for "love and affection,'
the .consideration being $10., and. a legal
transfer of the property had been made
to-Mrs. Mary Jane Rodgers, wife of the
Controller. In . Minneapolis, another niece
of the old man,. and. her daughter Tillie.
The bonds .were • fixed - In $1000, or $1500
cash for each of the defendants. ';,>-'
¦The defendants were arrested at the St.
Nicholas Hdtel by • Policeman . Laws and
booked at the City Prison. George A.
Knight, was soon rat .the. Hall of- Justice,
and- at. his : request the defendants were
brought into court, as he desired. to show
cause , why . the , . bail ¦ should be reduced.
Knight alleged that the. whole business
was caused by | spite because the old man
O'Hare had favored Mrs. Rodders instead
of Mrs. Gowdey. Mrs.iJacques-had writ
ten to both' Mrs. Gowdey and Mrs. Rodg
ers to come here, as the old man was, sickj
and * they both came, but .-Mrs. Rodgers
came 1 first *and" took him-home to Minne
apolis with - her, ¦:¦_ where he now is. ¦ Mrs.
Rodgers ¦ and' her husband - would ' be ' here
in a day, or two, " and - Mrs.' Gowdey's ¦ at
torney was ] aware • of 1 the ; fact- The Jac-
ques family had some. money belonging, to
the old man. which would be turned over
to the proper person.
* "The woman lied," declared Knight ve
hemently, "when she swore ¦ to the com
piain t. and her attorney had made him
self liable to> subornation of perjury.'!. 1
Attorney Cannon was sent for, and he
declared positively that the old man was
absolutely Incompetent, but Knight de
clared as positively that he was perfectly
sane.
The Judge decided, on Knight's positive
assurance that the defendant would be In
court Tuesday afternoon, to reduce the
ball to $200 each, which was promptly
forthcoming and 'the defendants were re
leased. - Both the kidnaping and. grand
larceny cases will-be heard, Tuesday af
ternoon. ;£3EHSBSH9MS(MmwflnEi
Trip Through Scotland." ¦ After • the lec
ture refreshments were served and song3
and instrumental music were rendered..
Prior to the , opening of the entertain
ment a meeting was held and the follow
ing: reception • committee was appointed
for the annual gomes to 'be held at -Shell
Mound Park' May 30: ;
Andrew McNair (chairman), John Reid, . D.
n. McNelll, 1>. A. Macdonald, J. F. Kennedy,
Christopher Chlsholm. Captain D. McKechnle.
R Gratto. i Colonel • Thomas McGregt>r, , Colonel
C L#. Taylor, 1 John D. McGllvray. D. D. llc-
Rae, . Thomas Bethell, George Davidson, : Cap
tain James McLean. D.- A. McPhee. James
Millar, John M. Duncan, Colin M. Bpyd, An
drew Wood. I Joseph M. Cummlnsr, ¦ John Mc-
Laren and Daniel A.. McDonald. ''?£>.** jut*
Exception * Committee Is Appointed
for the Annual Games on Deco-/;,
ration Day. \ .- '
The Caledonian Club gave a stag party,
at Scottish .Hall Friday night, at .which
Y. C. Lawson delivered a lecture on "A
CALEDONIAN CLTJB HAS '
ENJOYABLE STAG PAUT Y
Mrs. Martin was a native of England, 57
years ' old. Her. daughters are Mrs. A
Isaacs of Seattle, Mrs. Julius Liebes. wife
of the 'furrier; Mrs. M. B. Lyons, wife of
the architect, and Miss B. Martin. David
Martin is the only son. '
Both -of the dead • woman's legs were
broken' at the ankles and she received In
ternal injuries. ' She made her. way to tho
roof from the interior of the. house by a
stairway, and through a skylight while in
4 dazed and demented condition. -
For the past two months the unfortu
nate woman had been under medical
treatment for a nervous and mental dis
order and had been recently Buffering
from nervous prostration and insomnia.
On Friday she took sleeping powders pre
scribed "toy her physician and they left her
in a dazed condition. On Friday evening,
and up to 1 o'clock yesterday morning, she
lay on a lounge, while ner husband went
to bed. He asked her several times to re
tire for the night, but she refused, saying
.that she was comfortable where she was
Mr. Martin fell asleep at 1 o'clock and
when ' he awoke about an hour later he
saw that his wife was not in the room.
Knowing her mental condition, he arose
and- searched through the halls for her
but was unable : to find her. He finally
looked out of the window of his room and
saw a white object lying on the sidewalk
Summoning Julius Liebe and M. B. Lyons,
his sons-in-law, and • Arthur LJvesly, an
employe, Mr. Martin made his way to the
street, < and found that the white ' object
that he had seen " was the dead body of
his wife, attired In her. night dress.
Mrs. Martin, whose body was found ly
ing on the sidewalk in front of 1101 Geary
street at 3 o'clock yesterday morning, was
the wife of Isaac D. Martin, proprietor
of the Martinet Hotel, at that , number,
and It now appears that she plunged to
her death from the roof of the building
while temporarily insane. Death was in
stantaneous.
MRS. MARTIN'S
PLUNGE TO DEATH
JAGQUES FAMILY IS AGAIN ARRESTED
ON CHARGE OF EMBEZZLING O'HARE'S MONEY
As all thess "events occurred 'during the ad- ."
ministration of- President McKinley we ask,
through you, that a small part of his time be
set 1 aside during some day on which the ground
may be i formally .broken for this monument: .
His visit to the coast to attend the launch of
the battleship Ohio makes it • appropriate for
him to participate In the commemoration . of
the* achievements lofithejcruiser olympia and ;
the battleship Oregon, of common origin.
Yours truly, . JAMES D. PHELAN, v.v-
SAW. G. STAFFORD,
• .. ROBERT H. FLETCHER,
.,.' . . . ' Sub-committee on Monument.
. The original suggestion 'that a monu- ¦
ment should be erected in San Francisco
to commemorate Admiral Dewey's
achievement in Manila Bay was made in
May, 1899. - Mayor Phelan, in response to
the suggestion, appointed a committee of
-citizens.- .The -committee as organized
May 20, 1899, consisted of ' the following ¦
r named:' <•-*;¦<" . ¦• ; ' * ¦ • -•¦ ¦¦;¦> -~.:^
.'James D. 'Phelan,; chairman: Claus Spreckels,
vice -chairman; Irving M. Scott, vice chair- >
man; Captain R. H. -Fletcher, . U. S. A. (re
tired), secretary; E. B. Pond, treasurer; F. W."
¦Van Sicklen.- Vanderlyn Stow.: R. P. Schwerln,
George D. Clark. .W. G. Staltord, E. W. Hop
kins, C. L. Pattbn," J. D. Grant, L«on Sloss,
Joseph S. 'Tobin, J. B. Relnstein, H. G. Platt,
Colonel C. H. Murphy and Charles Bundschu.
'/The Paid. Subscriptions.
Members of the committee cheerfully
accepted the duties assigned to them, and
the result ¦ was the collection of • a large
sum. of money. .... ...
AMERICAN ?NAVY. MONUMKNT
COMMEMORATING THE VIC
TORY OF* ADMIRAL, DEWEY.
The Wonder Millinery Store ..'....'.'..'.. 20 00
Hulse. Bradford & Co 20 0O
J. Pinet & Co __.............. 10 00
C. Neumann '& Co .~~..~:....... »' 10 00
J. B. Stanford ~— « — ?• 10 00
J. G. Glestlng 10 00
Louis Weule 10 00
A. Ltetz.fe Co : - 10 0O >
Williams Bros' - 10 00
M. Schuasler & Co ' 5 00
Welster & Co •-• .*••- 5 00
Charles W. Pike & Co...... ....... .—i 5 00
Schmiedell estate • 5 00
"Woods, Mallllard & Schmiedell « 5 00 .
Charles Guillet 5 00
J P.. Fraser 5 00
Hadenfeldt & Bothschild «• 5 00
C. G. Mlnifle I...'. 6 CO'
Dorothy Wilkinson .:. ..: « 2 50
W D. Wilkinson — 2 50
C M.- Alexander. ....r ., ,...«. . 190
William Wertsch ...:. ::.... ....:.; 1 00 N s
H. Beverldgo «•••_• J W
W. M. Searby ......:.~ 1 W -
Ruth Bradford : ? 100
Wallace Bradford Jr> ;* 1 00
Donald Bradford.....: 1 JO
Roy Bradford • » } <*»
DorrU Bradford ............:. 1C0
R. T. Baccua ••» a 00
Total " .'l.WO-.MS SO
In addition to the foregoing: paid con
tributions the committee will 1- be ableto
collect $7000 due on subscriptions. The
money for the monument is therefore in
sight. ¦
of Physicians in Rssponding
to a Call. ;,-' ,
The' inquest yesterday on the body cf
Edward Regan, a prisoner from Branch
County Jail No. 2, developed a. state of
facts that induced the jury to censure the
management. of the jail for not providing
proper medical, facilities.. .;;-;;
Regan was a peddler, 24 years old. and
was a victim of the morphine habit. On
May 1, the day after he arrived at the
jail, he was "lined up" with other prison
ers for inspection and suddenly fell back
ward, striking his head- heavily on tho
floor and sustaining a fracture : of ' the
base of the skull. There, was no physician
at the jail and Regan was sent to the City
and County Hospital, where he died. :
Captain Louis Sartorius,. chief -officer at
the jail, testilled that Dr. Wilson, Assist
ant City. Physician, was detailed to look
after the health of the inmates, but that
it usually, required two days for him to
reach the jail after being , summoned . by
telephone. . - ¦,
JATL MA1TAGEMENT IS
CEUTSTJBED FOB NEGLECT
Testimony as to. Remarkable Belay
It is proposed' to picture the achievements
of these tv.-o California-made ships in. the bas
reliefs. The California bean will stand as a
guard of honor for this "temple of fame" and
the shaft will be, surmounted by a figure sug-.
gestir.g victory. .''.
California Bear to Stand Guard.
It is fitting tfiat such a monument should be
erected' in San Francisco, the chief city- of the
United States .upon the Pacific Ocean, -which
was the scene of the "gallant exploit of Dewey,
who used on that memorable 1st of May,'lS9S,
as his flagship the Olympia, • which was con
structed , by' the Union Iron Works of San
Francisco; .and., when a short' time later our
naval forces needed augmentation it was the
Oregon; constructed in the same yard, that
made its matchless race, down the Pacific and
around, the Horn, arriving in time before San
tiago to take a conspicuous and decisive part
in the conflict which soon ensued.
Hon.. Irving M. Scctt, • Chairman of the Citi
zens' Committee on . Presidential Reception-
Dear Sir: "it has been definitely, decided by the
committee. having in charge the erection of a
monument . in San Francisco to the American
navy in commemoration of Admiral Dewey's
victory at Manila Bay to begin : work at once
by letting a contract for the construction of
a granite shaft with bronze. emblematic figures
and bas-reliefs,' to be erected in the center of
Union square, in this city. ; _ ;
tract for .putting the. monument in
place has ?been' let to Newton j J. Tharp.
architect,- and Robert I. Aitken, sculptor.
It is expected . that the ground will be
broken rby President McKinley. To exe
cute the: work according to the accepted
design the sum' of $45,000 will ba'required.
The following- letter, from the commit
tee to the chairman of the Presidential
reception committee is self-explanatory:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. April 30, 1901; ;
.V<" : ¦ ¦ h:,' '-" ¦•'¦ ..:-' r i!.-':lLi'-~.' '?:<.,.' 1 ' .
design for the American navy.
II monument to* commemorate -*Ad-
I mlral 'Dewey's victory in Manila
li Bay has been accepted.' The con-
The list of paid subscriptions is as fal
lows: , .
Claus Spreckels ......L .......i.SLO.OOO 00
John. \y. Mackay ......... _. 5.000 00
James. IX ;Phelan' ...-.....'... J.IZ] 5,000 ft)
Alaska Commercial Company... ........ 1,000 00
Dodge,- Sweeney & Co... .' .. : 500 00
Mrs. - William Kohl .;..•.:....« <.' 500 <»
Murphy, Grant & Co ..-.. J..; ... . 500 0»>
Alaska Packers* Association ( 300 00
J.-A. Folsrer i. r S0O 04
Tillmann, Bendel & Co ¦. .' 200 09
A. Schilling & Co ....;.. 500 00
Levi Strauss ...:....J... ....'... 600.00
Bank of California. .-..-... ; '...-.. BOO 00
Lloyd Tevis ........... .'.¦......^.......... 500 0©
Haas Bros . ; ............ 500 00
Nevada Bank ....•....: 300 00
M. J. Brandenstein & Co.....' 230 00 •
Greenebaum. -Well & Michels 250 00
Crocker- Wootworth Bank 200 ~Q0
Redington & Co . , 2 .. 200 GO
D. Ghirardelli & Co 100 00
Hoffman. Rothschild & Co 100 0u
S. Bachman & Co ..........'... 100 00
Anglo-American Crockery Company.... 100 00
Crown Distilleries Company 100 00
Roth. Blum & Co 100 00
W. P. Fuller & Co 100 00
J. K. Armaby Company.: 100 00
George W. Hume & Co.. ' 100 0S>
Grlfflth-Durney Company 100 00
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company ;. 100 00
H. Levi &. Co.. :.......... 100 0O
Stein, Simon & Co ...:..-. 100 00
E. S. Plllsbury .:..-..... «. 100 DO.!
Meyersteln & Co 10OM
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson. «i.. . 100 C<)
F. W. van Sicklen, trustee .*... . 100 00
John Nightingale , — »%. 100 00
Thomas Denlgan, Son & Co «... 100 00
Mrs. James Phelan «... 100 00
Joseph Tobin : ...„.?» 100 00>
Dunham. Carrigan & Hayden Co...... 100 00
Jules Levy & .Bros..'... ............ 100 00
Langley & Michaels 100 00
C. E. Whitney & Co : 100 00
Miller. Sloss &-Scott 100 00
E B. Pond ». lOOOO
S. Dinkelspiel & Son 50 00.
Helmer. Brodhoff & . Schult* 30 00
Pacific . Lumber Company BO 00
California Cotton;Mllls ..". - 25 00
John Barrett ....'.'...'. 25 50
J. B. F. .Davis & Son 25 00
Lachman & Jacob!'-: '. 23 00
John Dolbeer - : 25 00
Committee of Citizens;^ Appointed : by the -Mayor to Provide the
M6ney Recommends That the Column :^Be Erected in Union
.Square and That Ground.Be First Broken by President McKinley
Master Plumbers to Meet.
The : Master Plumbers' Association of
California will hold its annual convention
in Los Angeles on Monday and Tuesday
next. The delegates from this city will
leave on the steamer Santa Rosa this
morning. The following named will at
tend as delegates and comprise the party:
From San Francisco— Richard Rice,
James E.' Britt, William F. Wilson," Sam
uel Iekelheimer, John L. E. Firmin, R. A.
Vance, Charles Wetherbee, G. YV. Bay
reuther, G. C. Sweeney, James Sheppard,
Charles McCarthy, Fred Koch.F. Kllmm.
S. Peterson. George Eastman,' Fred Snook
and A; Newmark. . -
Fresno— Charles Barrett.
Stockton— F. A. Ruhl.
AJameda— Frank Furey. • , ¦
Berkeley— J. J. Menges.
Many Accessions.
The International Union of .Stationary
Steam Engineers at. its last meetintr;in
itiated twenty-seven members, i Arrange
ments are being made fpr a grand enter
tainment and ball to be given by this or
ganization. •
An uneventful day of the strike of the
Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance was closed j
last night by the strikers,' both male and
female, giving- a public demonstration of
their numerical strength by a night pa
rade. The start was made trom the head
quarters in B'nai B'ritn Hall. .Headed by
a drum major wearing a cook's white cap
and apron, the route was taken from the
hall along Taylor street to Golden Gate
evenue and then to LarKin street. Uy tne
time the ; head of the procession had
reached the junction - pf\ Market, Hayes
and Parkin streets ,lne rear end was just
lcnwnu Taylor street.
Each man wore the red badge of the al
liance, wniie'tne waitresses rode in car
riages furnished by the Hackmen's Union.
Many tore Hags and a numDer of trans
parencies ¦were carried. Some of tnese
itaa, •'convicts aie allowed a uay of rest;
wny not tne waiters;" "At tne utginning
ol the twentiem century we want six
days insceaa 01 seven"; "Don't patronize
umair nouses; an lair nouses have union I
cards." TneSe weie plentifully sprinmeu
iuoniT' the line.
u;.c iransparency was draped in black.
It iead,~ "ban ..Francisco has too mucn
Johnson," and was greeted witn cheeia.
Johnson is tne president or the restaurant ;
proprietors' orjKanisiation.
As each ."umuirl+.nouse along the line of
march was passed hisses and noots greet
ed the ' proprietors, who generally re-:
mained indoors. - At Johnson's place on
RiarKet. street, a • great crowd gathered.
.Two stalwart officers stood in tne door
way, tne place being closed before the
procession reached. there. To the tune of
a dead march were added the groans and
cries' of. tne paraders. "
In anticipation of trouble a large force
of police, under the "command of Sergeant
Campbell, was held irr reserve in Steven
son street, but the services of the patrol
men were not needed. The -crowd, though
vociferous, was not disorderly, and quiet
ly dispersed.
So lar no action has been taken by the
executive committee of the San Fran
cisco' Labor Council in -relation to the
matter of boycott. Secretary Rosenberg
says it is a delicate question and until
the matter is thoroughly investigated
matters will stand as they are. As the
case stands now the power lies in the
hands of the executive committee to act
and a general sympathetic strike or boy
cott could be called at any moment.
At the headquarters of the alliance it
is claimed that thirty-six proprietors of
restaurants gave in yesterday, making a
total of 1SS at present who have agreed
to abide by the regulations of the union.
•The restaurant men claim that with the
exception of a few 'small restaurants,
their ranks are still unbroken.
Three of the unions- affiliated ' with the
carriage-making*, business will v meet ; this
morning-: at the -Temple to ''consider'; the"
matter of' strike and' boycott;'.^ • .' ! ' : -"••¦*"
Men connected with the \transfer busi
ness will be penalized $5 if , found eating
in an "unfair" restaurant.
Question of General Strike
Yet a Matter of Deep
Consideration.
Groans for All Houses
Placed Under the
Boycott.
WAITERS PARADE
IN FULL FORCE
DESIGN FOR THE NAVY MONUMENT
COMMEMO RATING ADMIRAL DEWEY'S
VICTORY IN MANILA BAY IS CHOSEN
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 5,^1^01.;
The President's Good Judgment
President McKinley and party, after visiting
California, will go to the Pan-American Kxpo-'
sltion at Buffalo, and though you cannot travel'
on the Presidential train the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Road enable you to follow
bis example, with the assurance of an ' enjoy
able trip. Nickel Plate Dining Cars serve Club
Meals from , 25 cents to . $1 . each. Book ". free
showing views of . Exposition building*. Jay
,W. Adam*. P. .C- P..A., 37 Crocker building,
San Francisco, Cal.
i t v_^ « i i * • : I'SfT* 1k <l — • SPmPIS
Pages 23 to 32
PagJS'23 to 32
Dr.i M. ¦' J. . H." Woolf : has removed his ' office
and X-ray apparatus* to Glasgow Block, ; 106
Ellis, rail, 28,' 29, 30." Hours, 1 to 6, 7 to 8 p. m.n •
.... • ... .- •"•'..-
t Men's v suits . that ; are' sold in ' this cltv
for • $15 : to-morrow ' for $4 65. .^These stilts
are of all wool material in^dark' and light
effects of "cheviots and tweeda, worsted
and serge." Also, men's spring overcoats
In light and dark shades, satin lined
worth : $15, : for W 63, at the 1 clothing as-
signee " sale v of the : Boston,' TO ¦ Market
street, near Fourth. "^SyMUhmU *
S4.65.
$4.65.
$4.65.Time— 1-16. :07; U. :24; %, :49%: %.- 1:14%:
mile.: 1:41%; 1 l-16m, 1:48. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
C. W. Chappell's ch. g." by Prince Royal-Sallle
.McAllister. Nothing went out with Spike,
which had one of his Intermittent spells. Dr.
Bernays very busy. Merops came down from
the Catskills to take the show. Romero save
Castake a refreshing "going- over."
Betting— Spike. 10: Dr. Bernays, 4-5; Merops,
9-2; Castake. 4; Hohenlohe, 20; Daniel, 30.
2403. SIXTH RACE— Mil* and a sixteenth;
selling; four-year-olds .and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St %. 1 Str. Fin.
2306 Spike, 4. 104.. Stuart 4 1% IS IS
2336 Dr. Bernays. 6, 103.Rnch S 3 2 2 2.25
2391 Merops. 6. 108.... Bergen 5 6 3131
2372 Castake, 6, 111... Romero 1 2 1 4 2 4 5
2355 Hohenlohe, 6, 109. Conley 2 5 4 6 10 B 20
(2326)Daniel, 4, 104...Hennessy 6 41 6 6
Betting— St Cuthbert, 3; Doublet. 4; Mee
hanus, 3; Ralston, 100; Gibraltar, 5-2; Incln
diator,-> 300; ( Tiburon, 15. •
'Time— To VI. :21; to %. :45; last %. 1:01; short
%, 1:11. Good start Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's ch.
g. by St. Carlo-Santa Cruz. St. ; Cuthbert was
fresh and well ridden. Meehanus sulked for a
time. Ralston had speed. Tiburon had a rough
trip. Scratched— Jerid 113.
24O2. FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; sell
ing; four-year-olds ahd up;. purse," $400. . . '
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2125)St. Cuthb't. 6, 110-Alxdr 2 1 h 15 13
23G4 Doublet, 4, 113.. Sullivan 1 2 1 2 1 2 8
2335 Meehanus, 5. 115. Shields 6 "6 4 6 4 Z V 2
2362 Ralston, a. 110 Hoax 3 3% 3h 4%
2371 Gibraltar, a. 113. ...Ruiz 4 5h 4% 53
2033 Incind'tor, 5,-113.Romen> 7 7 7 6 4
19S8 Tiburon, 5, llO.Basslngr 5 4 2 6 h 7
Betting— Headwater, 7-5; Sly. 18-5; The Pride.
9-5.
24O1. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half fur
longs; three-year-olds and up; purse, |400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2330 Headwater. 5. 113.. .Ruiz 1 1 1<£ 1 3 IS
2330 Sly, a. 111 Alexander 2 3 3 2 2
2354 The Pride. 5, 113.. Conley 3 2 % 2 H 3
Time— %. :24; %, :49; 6%f, 1:20^. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s -br. g. by imp. Water
cress-Headflower. Tedious delay at post caused
by the unruly actions of The Pride and refusal
of Headwater to break. Latter concluded, to
run after his blinkers had been removed. Sly
Is rounding- to again. Pride badly handled.
Scratched— Articulate 107.- - -
Betting— Jarretiere d'Or. 9-2; San Luition,
10; Vasallo, .4; Rory Ough. 8-5; Torso Maid,
7; Dr. Scharff. 12; Irma A. 12.
Time— 5-16. :30V4; 4y.f, :55%. Fair start.
Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner, Atkin & Lottridge's b. g. by imp. Golden
Garter-Ricardo. Winner best ridden. San
Luition of the Improving sort. Vasallo would
be -benefited by a rest. Rory Oug-h pocketed
half the route. Dr. Scharff blessed with
much speed. Torso Maid and Irma A no
chance with the breakaway.
24OO. THIRD RACE— Four and a half fur
longs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. %. Fin.
2365 Jarretiere d'Or. H3.RuIz 4 4 h 6 1 12
2382 S. Luition, 108..Basnger 3 2 >4 2% 2 hi
2363 Vasallo, 105 Ransch 5 63 4% 3n
(2377)Rory Ough, 113.. Bergen 2 3 2,3% 4 n
(2345)Torso Maid. 107..Alexdr 6 6 3 6 4 5 1
2369 Dr. Scharff. 113. Shields 1 11 11 6 8
<2357)Inna A. .103 Hafley 7 7 7 7 •
Time— K. :26^4; %. :50%; %, 1:16; mile,
1:42%. Good start. Won first three 1 driving.
Winner John Hall's ch. h. by Linden-Ver
bena. McCleevy tossed oft* in front and never
headed. Frank Duffy showed improvement.
Ping was a supposed party to large doings In
the watermelon carving line. Formatus
wretchedly ridden. Hungarian broke down.
Snips badly ridden. Scratched— William F 109.
Betting— Jim McCleevy. 12; Frank Duffy. 8;
The Miller, 10; Ping, 10; Formatus, 4; Hun
garian, 5-2; Snips, 5; Twinkle Twink, 15; Dare
II. 15; Galene, 200.
Betting— Maresa. 7; Alzura, 11-10; Flatterer.
20; Princess Titania, 12-5; Oscar Tolle, 20;
David S. 25; Tola, 40.
2309. SECOND RACE— One mile? selling;
four-year-olds and up; 1 purse. ?350.
Index, '. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2306 J. McCleevy, 5, 112.Bsgr.l-.il 2 1 11
2380 F. Duffy. 4, 109..Ransch 5 6 2 3 % 2 h
2358 The Miller. 5, 110. Power 3 2 1 In 3 8
2048 Plnff, 6. 109 Stuart 4 7 1 6 hi 4 Mi
2331 Formatus, 4, 109.. Conley 9 3 n 4 h 5 1
2385 Hungarian, 5, 109. Maths 6 9 4 "7 1 6 h
2145 Snips, a, 108....Howson 2 4h 5h 7h
2156 T. Twink. 6. 107..Alexdr 7 S h 8 1 ' 8 2
2230 Dare II, 6. 110.. Bennett 8 10 9 15 9 20
1242 Galene. 4, 107....SiocumlO 5 h 10 10
Time— M, :13; %. :24;- >4. :43',4; %. l:01H-
Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, J. Dolan's b. f. by imp. True •Brlton-
Mayetta. Had Conley gone on about his
business, Alzura might have won. Flatterer
showed considerable speed. Princess Titania
"skeleton rigged." Others showed nothing.
OAKLAND RACETRAOK-Saturday.
May 4, 1901.— Weather flne. Track
good.. •.
23U8. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2346 Maresa, 117 Ruiz 2 3 n 2 2 1 h
(2260)Alzura, 117 Conley 3 11 In 2 2
¦ 2385 Flatterer. 122;.BassinKer 12 1 3 % 3 n
2348 P. Titania. 117...Ransch 4 4 2 4 2 4 3
2134 Oscar Tolle. 122..Alexdr 6 6 1 5 3 5 4
235 David 8, 119.....Hyland 7 5 2 6 4 6 4
2364 Tola. 119 ........Bergen 5 77 7
College Games.
At Providence— Princeton 5, Brown 2.
At Philadelphia— Pennsylvania 13. Cor
nell 7. . .
PAt Cambridge— Harvard 4, Williams 5.
At New York-^Columbia 2, Carlisle 16.
NATIONAL LEAGUE. .
ST. LOUIS, "May 4.— The St. Louis and Cin
cinnati game .to-day ended in a tie at 4 to 4
in the tenth inning on account of a fire which
destroyed the grand stand. To-morrow's game
will be played at Athletic Park. Attendance,
5000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati ? .10 1
St. Louis 4 8 .3
Batteries— Harper and Ryan; Newton and
Peitz. Umpire— Dwyer. .
BROOKLYN. May 4.— Orth. was Invincible
to-day, holding the Brooklyn National League
team down to four hits. Attendance, 6000.
Score: \ - ;
; Clubs— ¦}! '¦¦ - R. • H. B.
Philadelphia :. .'..8 7 i 1
Brooklyn .' .." 4 ' . -4 6
Batteries— Orth and Jacklitz ; McJamea and
McGuire. Umpire— O' Day. .<
BOSTON, May 4.— The Boston team won tCH
day by bunching- hits In the fifth Inning. At
tendance. 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston ;.......'.:~...... 6 10 3
New York : 3 10 4
Batteries— Dlneen and Klttredge; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpire— Nash. ¦ .
PITTSBURGH May 4.— "With two out and two
men on bases in the eighth, Rltchey's error,
followed by two hits, allowed the visiting team
to score. three runs, winning the game. At
tendance. 5000. Score;
Clubs— . R. H, '. E.
Pittsburg 2 6 v S
Chicago : 4 11 4
Batteries-^Phllippl and O'Connor; Menefee
and Kllng. Umpire— Emslle. .
. AMERICAN LEAGUE. .
PHILADELPHIA, May 4.— Baltimore defeat
ed the home team to-day by better all-round
playing. Attendance 8400. Score:
Clubs— , : R. H. E.
Baltimore ,....-.. s ll 14 . 2
Philadelphia 7 11 ' 2
j Batteries— McGInnlty and Robinson; Platt and
Powers. "• ./ ' .
"WASHINGTON. ' May 4.— The . Boston team
won to-day's game by superior team work. At
tendance 3800. Score: . . 'r „
Clubs— . R. H. K.
Washington '. .'•'• 2 , 9 4
Boston... 10 15 1
Batteries — Mercer. Patten and Small; Toung
and Crirer.
DETROIT, May 4.— Cleveland ,took the lead
from the first Inning to-day and Moore's mag
nificent pitching kept the local American
League team from catching them. Attendance
5C00. Score: . .' . .'
Clubs— .-- * ' R.\ H. • E.'
Detroit .-... 4 7 4
Cleveland ..11 13 4
Batteries— Cronin, ' .Owen and Buelow; Moore
and Woods. • ,
MILWAUKEE, May 4.— DowHng outpltched
Ka toll to-day, but | the miserahle support given
him in the first two innings lost the game for
the home team. ' Attendance 3000. Score: ..
Clubs — • '-. R. H. e
Milwaukee ' 3-12 9
Chicago 11 10. 2
Batteries— Dowllng and Connor; Katoll' and
Sullivan. " " , , ;
FIBB ENDS A GAME , "V I
IN THE TENTH INNING
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway', May 4T
. The college field day at St. ; Mary's ; this
afternoon was the most successful in the
history of the . institution. ; There were
large delegations from I nearby . towns, in
cludlnsr San Francisco, San Rafael, San
Jose, Berkeley and Alameda. Nearly 500
spectators gathered to witness -the trials
of skill between the students. :'
The - events were held on the ? college
campus, and ¦while no : amateur • records
were broken, the time made .was good for
the condition of the track, which was not
very fast. During the : intermissions be
tween the events music was furnished by
the band from St. Vincent's School, San
Rafael. • :. . * ; ¦ •
The different events with the winners
and time were as follows:' ,
100-yard -dash, collegre , championship— C.
Ryan ¦ winner.' time, ¦ :10 2-5;W. Kelly : second,
F. deLeon third. .. .y
100-yard maiden race — L. Serventl winner,
time,- : 10 3-5; J. • Harlow second, R. : McNally
third. .. -- . .-.., '.-¦ >, .. '.•>¦•¦.' -.' ¦ ¦
Shotput, handicap— Asa Porter (scratch) win
ner, 40 »f eet 8 inches ; • G. McDonough • (sera 1 tch)
second, 39 feet 9 inches; B. Booth (1 foot) third,
30 feet. - .. -¦. ... -¦¦•.....
220-yard hurdle race— J. Harlow winner, time,
:31; J. Flynn second, R. McNally third.-
Pole . vault— J. • Quarrels • winner, 9 feet 6
inches; W. Grow. second. - ¦• . .; ¦'. ¦•¦ ¦' .:
•¦ ¦ High Jump, handicap — F.' Bradley : (scratch)
winner, jj 5 feet 6 inches ; ; J. ' Harlow I (scratch)
eecond, Asa Porter (scratch) . third. • .
220-yard dash— C. Rya.11 winner, time, :24; W.
Kelly, second. R.; McNally third. '".¦¦¦;¦
Broad Jump. handlcai>— J. Harlow (scratch)
winner, 21 feet 4 Inches- J., Flynn (4 , inches)
second." , ¦ ¦ '¦ "'"-.. ¦ -'-¦'¦
Hammer-throw, ' handicap— G. ,'. McDonough
(scratch) winner, 151 feet r Asa Porter (scratch)
second. \ ' ¦ • ¦ , ' .' . > . ' ,,. .
440-yard dash, handicap— L. Serventl (scratch)
winner, . time, ":64; E. Hogan (3 yards) second.
120-yard hurdle — J.' Quarrels won, W. • Grow
second. - - ¦:-.' -¦', ' ¦ ¦ .' '•¦< ¦ •¦.- • ¦.":- ¦.
* Mile run,. handicap— L Serventi (scratch) won,
time -5:45; B. Hogan (scratch) second. . i
Officers, of -.athletic > association — John' P.
Plover, president: James, P.~Towey,i vice presi
dent; John -'P. Callasrhan, secretary; John -I).
Harlow, treasurer;- John ¦. T. Quarrels, track
captain .. - • ¦>•.:-. • ;'.
"Officers of the. day— Professor/A, S. Hender
son, starter; James P.- Towey, referee; William
McStay, ' marshal : ¦ C " C ; Carroll. . ;• announcer;
Fred Fay, clerk of course; F.'Frates,- assistant,
clerk; G. Henno, scorer; , R. ' O'Connell,- assist
ant scorer. I ¦ ; ' ' VitTtftrtlgEjM'HyiiqtuMiaill
Judges of finish— J.v B. Donovan, C. Hall, H. !
K.'Hanna. .,-•¦¦ - ..
-Measurers — G. ,- F. ' Bigrley,-. E. 1 ' Rice, 'Thomas
Mahoney.* r ;. : . . > ¦ . . •• ¦ ¦ '¦;..:,
-Timers— T. ' C. Kenneally, R. S.' McCarthy, .
F. Ferguson. ' ; , : : -' >'¦
Field Judgres-^G. . Haley. . W. ' Bohan, L. F.
Ryan. - ... :. ¦ "v:uB«W*BSBf. , -¦ \
Inspectors — Percy Fitzgerald, ,T.' . Kennedy, 1
William "Rivera. ¦ ¦ ¦ ; : ,;. : . \ .; .: . : ; :
FIELD DAY ON
COLLEGE TRACK
8-4; G. Walter's The Chief beat James Sheri
dan's Forest Queen. 3-2; D. Toland's Twilight
Jr. beat J. Cane's Master Davenport, 5-0: Sterl
& Knowles" For Glory beat H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence, 5-1; P. J. Reilly's Warship beat
Pasha Kennels' Rolli^kinsr Airs, 5-0; E.
Geary's Palo Alto beat J. D. rardinell's Union
Jack. 6-0; P. M. Curtii' McKlnley beat W.
Cairnes' Imperial. . 4-1; H. A. Deckelman's
Rocker, a bye; P. J. Rally's Royal Union
beat B. 'Silva's. Good Mope,' 8-1; P. Doyle'a
Thelma beat Yosemlte Kennels' Sir Van, 5-0;
George Sharman's St. Ives beat Star. Kennels'
Black Head, 6-4; H.. A. Deckelman's Master
Rocket beat P. Jackson's- Golden Russet, 6-3;
J. Sheridan's Forest King beat Aeneid Ken-,
nels" Aeneas, 4-8; T. Jones' Wedgewood beat
J. R. McCarthy' 3 John Doe, 5-2; . J. Kerrigan's
Roxana beat C. S. Appleby 1 sE. G. W., 12-5;
T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat J. Carroll's Master
Clair,' 5-0; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat
P. M. Curtis' Yellow Kid, 4-0: Pasha Kennels'
Belle Rocket beat P. M. Curtis" War Eagle.
7-4; D. J. Heaiey's Fine Form beat Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple, 6-2; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince beat H. Perigo's Bohe, 6-0; Yosemlte
Kennels' Mose beat Pasha Kennels' Random
Aim. 4-0; P. 3.' Reilly's The Grafter beat
Pasha Kennels' Rour.d About. 4-1; F. A.
McComb's Firm Fellow, a bye: Gold Dust
Kennels' Forget beat J. Smith's Mas
ter Workman, 3-0; P. Doyle's Liberator
beat P. M. Curtis' Echo, .6-3; Sterl
& Knowles' Olita beat H. H. Gray's
Rona, 3-2; . P. M: Curtis' Narcissus, a bye;
F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha. beat A. R. Curtis'
Flying Fox, 3-0; Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus
beat F. A. McComb's Motto. 4-0; D. J. Hea
iey's Maggie *S beat Aeneid Kennels' Achilles,
6-0; E. Geary's America beat P. M Curtis'
Warpath, 18-1; P. Jackson's Honor Bright beat
P. M Curtis' Shadow, 5-0;. J. Smith's Boney
Boy beat Star Kennels' Master Lawrence. 4-1;
D. J. Heaiey's Tapioca beat J. Holden's Scot
tish Chief, 12-5; George Sharman's Black Flush
beat Russell & Allen's Daisy Clair, 3-2: Rus
sell & Allen's Frost Foot beat D. ;ToIand 3
Pleasant Girl. 6-0; J. Dowl Ing's Sir Lawrence
beat W. C. Glasson's lone, 4-2: _ Star Kennels',
Game Boy beat Whtteside & Stlllwell's Green
back, 5-1; A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald
beat Connell Bros.' White Hat.' 4-3: \V. C.
Glasson's Dewdrop beat Paaha Kennels Risky
Attempt 4-0- T. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat
A. R. Curtis' King Cotton. 4-1; Pasha Kennels-
Roman Athlete beat Russell & Aliens Cast
away, 6-1; J. Demnsey's Jingle Bells beat F.
A. McComb's Royal Fashion, 7-0; J. J. Ken
ny's Hot Haste beat J. Carroll^ . Auckland
7-0: P. M. Curtis' Anchor beat Star Kennels
Herschers Pride. .4-0; Pasha Kennels' .Fiery
Face beat J.' Dean' s : Grey fold. 8-0; _W. J.
Leonard's Tom Havlick beat Star Kennels
Vontenoy. 7-1 ; P. M. Curtis' Fashion Plate
beat J. D. Cardinell's Jesiby. 10-0; D. Rear
don's Mollle R beit F. Jones' Lovina. 4-3;
T. J. Cronin's Thornhill beat ,.L. F. Bartels
Banner Bright, 5-4; J.- Cane's Greenhall beat
H.H. Gray's Bannockburn, 6-4; D. J. Healey a
Slgnuoc beat D, Dillon's Granu villa. 5-0; A.
R. Curtis' Luxor beat Aeneid Kennels Athena.
6-0; F. A. McComb's Little Sister beat. Aeneid
Kennels' Azamcmnon, R-4: F. A. ¦¦• McComb-S
Bona Fide beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal ,Lad. 5-0; ¦
Connell Bros.' St. . Helen beat Chiarini Bros.'
Brass Button, 3-0; Pasha Kennels Real Ar
ticle' beat-" R. P. -Julian's 8weet Music. 3-1;
George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat Star Ken
nels' Mayflower. -4-2; E. Geary's Ireland beat
A. R. CurtlB' Charta, R-6. ¦ ' * ' - _ -, , .
First sapling stake, first round— R. Pringle s
Morning Dawn I beat Pasha Kennels Reported
Absent, 10-7: . Star Kennels' Lothario beat ¦ C.
Graham's Emin Bey. 14-0; P. Horgan's Peer
less beat W. Wieklnsr's Flornnthe. 4-0: P.
Horgan's Wild Eclipse beat G.. Graham's Lady
Newark. 6-0. .-. ..,»¦,'¦ ' • •
Second round— Peerless beat Mornlns Dawn,
10-1; JVild Eclipse beat Lothario.. 18-4. -
Second, sapling stake, first round— P. M. Cur
tis' MIbh Pyee beat Pasha Kennels' Reported
Absent, 8-1: Thomas Jolley's Little May a bye;
P. Horean's Total Eclirse beat P.' P. .Clark's
Hilda" Gold. 12-0: P. Horgan's Tame Tralee
beat 'Thomas Jolley's Toronto, .7-6.., -.
Second round— M1«b Pyee beat Total Eclipse,
6-0; Tame Tralee. beat. Little; May, 6-1. ...' ¦
Open ttake: First round— CO. .Peterson's
Silver Cloud beat Connell Brothers' Mamie
Pleasant, 6-3; Chlarinl - Brothers' Santonin
beat W. Cairnes'. Gold. Ore. 6-0: R. E. de B.
Lopez's Eager beat T. J. . Cronin's Vixen, 5-0;
O. Zahi's'Misa Wilson beat :H. Perlgo's Con
troller.. 3-2; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat Yosem
ite Kennels' Bad Boy. 6-4; .Aeneid Kennels'
Fine Fire beat Russell &. Allen's Rosle Clair,
From the form players' \ point of view
the stake was not a success financially,
for on seventeen^ occasions the hounds
which were held at top prices failed to
make good. Jn the two sapling events,
however, the pikers were the hard luck
story-tellers, short-end candidates being
denied even a single • victory. ¦
The hares were in good .condition, which
means that getting the flag liu,to-day's
finals will be preceded by some good run
• Paio Alto is a likely candidate for stake
honors. His work in the run-down showed
that he is in fine trim. The champion's
great fault, and ofttimes an expensive
one for his backers, is hesitation. He dis
played none of this in his, course vester
day, but. on the contrary, exhibited great
dash and viciousness In his kill. •
Sisquoc will meet Luxor in the second
round and the chances are in his favor.
Considering his performances he looks to
have a hold on second place and ready for
an argument with Geary's dog for top
honors. Wedgewood, Harlean Gladys
and Sir Pasha are next in favor.
The short ends: Belle Rocket'beat War
Eagle/ Mollie R beat Lovinaat 10 tol;
Boney Boy beat Master Davenport at 5
to 1: The Chief beat Forest Queen. Twi
light Jr. beat Master Davenport, Rocker
beat Rollicking Airs In a bye; Roxana
beat E. G. W., Thornhill beat Banner
Bright at 3 to 1;. Eager beat Vixen at 5 to
2; Ollta beat Rona. First Foot beat Pleas
ant Girl, Maggie N beat Achilles at 2 to 1;
Master Rocket beat Golden Russet, Fine
Form beat Ripple, Forget beat Master
Workman. Sir Pasha beat Flying Fox,
Tom Harlick beat Fontenoy at 5 to 3.- •:•.-
The second round winners look . to be
Santonin, Miss Wilson, Fine Fire, Twi
light Jr., For Glory, Royal Union, St.
Ives, Master Rocket, Rural Artist, Fine
Form, Mose, * Firm Fellow. Liberator, ,
Narcissus, America/Honor Bright, Tapi
oca First Foot, Flora McDonald, Harlean
Gladys, Roman Athlete, Hot Haste, Fiery
Face, Mollle R, Greenhall, Little Sister,
Bona Fide and Ireland. . ¦
In the llrst Sapling stake P. Horgan's
Peerless • and ' Wild Eclipse ¦ will- contend
for the "final and Tame Tralee. and Miss
Pyee will run off In the second saoling.
The first three youngsters are by Wild
Tralee, out of Just Eclipsed, , and Miss
Pyee is by Cavalier, out of Vanity. Fair.
The day's results, with Judge . John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Patrons of the game were given a good
coursing card yesterday at Union Park,
the three stakes which were partly run
off resulting in good trials. .
PALO ALTO IS
PICKED TO WIN
SAN DIEGO, May 4.— Instead of
having a single queen of the water
carnival, which is to be given In
honor of the visit of the British
battjeship Warspite to these wat?
ers on next Monday night, if no plans
miscarry. San Dego will have al
most a baker's dozen. The Warspite Is
expected % to readh port to-night or to
morrow morning, and as it is the first
visit to an American port that Admiral
Bickford will have made since he was
elevated to the command of the Pacific
squadron of the British navy, the people
of San Diego and- Coronado have ar*
ranged for a two days' welcome to both
the officers and crew of the battleship. .
Since the carnival part of the celebra
tion was to take place on the . water it
was deemed proper that the queen of the
The Olympias are made up of the fol
lowing named members: Miss Kate Hen
ry (captain), and Misses Gould, L. Llnd
ley, Lewis, ¦ Morrell, Nash, Smith, Wat-
This seemed easy of consummation,
but the girls themselves objected. They
said that the people could foster as much
rivalry as they pleased between- the
crews, the more the merrier, but that they
wanted no rivalry between the members
cf the same crew. . Thus it was that the
committee decided to have the voting be
tween the crews, and the Olympias won,
with 7420 votes to 5480 for the La Slrenas,
their nearest rivals. - . • . ¦ •
carnival should be selected from. 180 mem
bers of the girl's rowing clubs of this
city. The selection was to be by ballot
in accordance with the usual custom and
the money collected was to be spent in
decorating the launch, which was to be
styled "the Queen's barge."
On Monday afternoon there will be
sports on the bay, including. sailing and
rowing races, in which the English visi
tors will be invited to participate with
the boys of the Ranger, the Pinta and of
.the Mohican, if that vessel gets in. : The
carnival is planned for that evening,
when there will be a parade- of Illumin
ated launches^ and . barges arid boats
'along the entire city : front, passing all
of the wharves and crossing the , bay. to
circle about .the anchored barge, whence
the fireworks will be set off. This dis
play on the water is to be followed by
the reception and grand ball at Hotel. del
Coronado, lasting until the : sailing time
of the . battleship in the early .morning.
If it Is found on the arrival of the War
spite that she can remain three days,
either the ball or the water, carnival will
be postponed until the following evening.
While the committee has made all the
arrangements for the .reception to the
admiral the plans are so flexible that rf
the Warspite can remain ;more than the
allotted two days the . festivities of the
occasion can be extended that V much
longer. ¦ The vessel is expected to-morrow
morning or. some time during the night.
A request will be made for as large lib
erty for the men as possible and two
sacred band concerts will be given to
morrow morning and afternoon. . •
son, Carter, 'Welcome and Johnson. The
picture of the crew shown herewith was
taken early this week, on the return of
the members from, a regular exercise row
just after they had left their- barge,
Misses Morrell and Lewis being absent
on that particular afternoon. .;
LONDON. May 4.— At the racing of the
Hurst Park Club's spring meeting to-day
the maiden three-year-old plate at seven
furlongs was won by Mr. AlofEatt's
Achales. ridden by Lester Reiff. Twelve
horses ran. »
McDermott, an American jockey, was
reported to the stewards of the jockey
club for disobedience at the post at New
market yesterday and has been suspended
until May 17.
Blue Grass stakes, six and a half furlongs-
Ben Macchu! won. Dr. Prestone second, Mos
keto third. Time, l:21~i. . y.
Otie mile and seventy yards, selling— St. Mar-,
cos won. General Mart Gary 6econd, Janowood
third. Time. 1:«.
Six" furlongs, selling— The Elector won. Dr.
Riddle cecond, Volma Clark third. Time, 1:13.
ST. LOUIS, May 4.— Fair Grounds results:
Six furlongs, selling — Benboy won, Mrs. Gran
non second, Gracecup third. Time, 1:17. "
Six furlongs, selling — Elbe won, William
Boyer eecond, Harry Pulliam third. Time,
1:16.
Five furlongs, purse— Kaloma won. Old Hutch
eecond. Kingdahl third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlcngs. purse — Ben Ledi won, Orleans
pecond. Van Hoorebeke third. Time, 1:15.
One mile, selling— Tuskarosa won. Sue John
sen eecond, Domsle third. Time, 1:43.
Six furlongs, selling— Sarner won, Harry
Duke second. Lady Curzcn third. Time, 1:14%.
? '
American Jockey Suspended.
Six furlongs, selling— Temptress won. As
sessment eecon*. VelaKtjuez third. Time. 1:25%.
Four and a half furlongs— Sweet Billle won.
Golden Glitter second. Lady Appleby third.
Time. :55%4.
Four and & half furlongs, selling— Henry Zltt
v.-on, Eaccie eecond, Papermaker third. Time,
:S€.
CINCINNATI. May 4.— T. S. Hiet wm ruled
off at Newport to-day -with his stable' of
horses. Including Easter, .. Zerlba and The
Rounder. Hiet won eeveral races with the
filly Easter which turned out to be a four
year-old. She was entered as a . three-year
old. Summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling;
— Hansford won. Lady Ezella second, King's
Pet third. Time, 1:10.
Second race, seven furlongs. Belling— Julius
Werner won. Brother Fred Becond. Fairy Dell
third. Time. 1:29.
Tbird race, five and a half furlongs— Billy
Mason won, Robert Gray second, Annie Lau
retta third. Time. 1:08%.
Fourth race four and a half furlongs—Myr
tle Dell won. St. Heraa second, Elglva third.
Time. :56.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling— Algrio
M won Pauline J second. Dr. Black third.
Time. 1:20.
Sixth race, mile, Belling— Oovernor Boyd
¦won Denny Duffy Eecond, Birdie- May third.
Time. 1:44.
CHICAGO, May 4. — Worth summary:
First race, mile and three-sixteenths, sell
ing—Lamachus won, Al Brown second, Sun
locks third. Times 2:04 1-5.
Second race, half . mHe— Abo - Frank won.
Ertdpe second. Johanna. D third. Time. :48 3-5.
Third - race eix furlongs — Sevoy won, Char
ley Moore 6econd, Moroni third. Time. 1:14 4-5.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Ohnet won, Boney Boy second. Branch third.
Fifth race, one mile— Leo Newell won. Ed
Artack sweond. Laureate third. Time. 1:42 3-5.
Sixth race one mile — Chauncey Fisher won.
About second. Bengal third. Time. 1:43 2-5.
LOUISVILLE, May 4.— Results:
Eastern Haces.
From all accounts the accident resulting
in the death of little "Tim" Moloney was
entirely unavoidable. Eyewitnesses say
Bender, who rode Whangdoodle, made
everv effort to get away from the rail as
Moloney on First Shot broke away. The
remarkable feature is that more accidents
of the kind do not occur.
Reports from the harness brigade at
Pleasanton say Dolly Dillon and Janice,
•which two mares will be sold on May 20
at the Fasig--Tipton sale to be held In
Cleveland, Ohio, have been going great
guns. Dolly recently stepped a mile in
2:10V*. last quarter in :30%, which. It Is
claimed, is the fastest mile ever made by
a mare at this time of the year. Janice
went an impressive mile in 2:14. Both are
trained by Millard Sanders.
Track N"otes.
A CARD that bore no traces of rust
or moss, added to a day made pur
posely for racing, drew a large
attendance to Oakland track yes
terday. The talent missed calling
tha turn on five out of six attempts, and
a "rube" didn't have a chance to- last one
sitting out- While those supposed to be
well educated weighed In several . dollars
light when the game was over, the mati
nee bettors landed with such precision
that the bookies did not salt away much.
Such, outsiders of questionable repute as
. Maresa, Jim McCleevy. Jarretierre d Or
and Spike did stunts that were not ex
! peeled of them. For the favorites Head
; -water was the only one to rap out a base
hit. In the way of piloting winners Ruiz
carried off the honors with three, while
from the blackberry patch Bassinger and
Alexander each carne home with one,
"Lorgshot" Conley being absolutely com
pelled to make an absentee of himself.
Something out of the ordinary was ex
pected when the six and a half furlong
Fprlnt. with Headwater, Articulate, The
¦ Pride and Sly was called. Articulate was
scratched, which made little difference
: with the betting. The Pride, ridden by
' Conley, vrent to the post favorite, but his
unruly actions caused the odds to recede
'• to 9 to 5, seating Headwater in the chair.
The latter also acted very badly, necessi
tating the removal of his blinkers and the
¦ temporary abolishment of the barrier.
Finally Jake Holtman got a break and let
•the trio go. First away. Headwater,
nicely rated by Ruiz, was n eve r he£^;f d >
'•winning under reefed sails from Sl>. y on "
ley on The Pride, was a busy man from
the kick-off, but was unable to score a
opening sketch, a five-furlong dash,
•witnessed the downfall of the heroine.
Alzura. ' The superbly furnished^ mare
came in for vigorous backing at » to 5,
and Just because Conley lingered to make
eoo-goo eyes afthe stand, lost by a head
xo Maresa. an 8 to 1 shot, reduced to J.
Princess Titania ran as if all her royal
cpeed had been pilfered. oI j_/i
Right on top of this came the lopsided
victory of the notorious morning glory.
•Jim McCleevy. Previous to yesterday,
during the fcgrgy hours before breakfast,
Jim had broken many watches and count
less horsemen, and then to think he hnally
came through! Inasmuch as Bassinger
vsf up. the desperate ones got aboard
McCleevy at 30, forclne a. cut . to 12. He
led throughout, winning in a drive from
Frank Duffy and The Miller. . Conley on
Formatus became becalmed 3ust before
rounding the stakeboat and Hungarian,
the favorite, stopped to pare his corns
before hitting the wire. If G. W . Miller,
the St.- Louis owner, has any more like
the latter to start he should reserve them
for the new Delmar track, where material
°j£rty S Bergen on Rory Ough. favorite
for the two-year-old event over four and
a half furlongs, met with all sorts of ad
verse luck. He was pocketed In behind
Dr Scharff and San Luition to the
stretch, setting through when too late.
Perfectly handled by "Pi" Bulz, Jar
retierre d'Or disposed of San XiUition by
two lengths at the finish. Vasallo, under
etiir unrinir. ran a close third.
Generally fresh and full of speed after
a rest, St. Cuthbert. with AJexanderin
the saddle, won the sprint over the Fu
turity course almost from the start.
Doublet, always the contender, easily
downed Meehanus for place honors. Gib
raltar backed from 6 and 7 down to 11 to
6 favoritism, failed to extend himself any
cart of it- _i
"Butch" Fisher's gelding. Dr. Bernays.
didn't l&ok so rotund and prosperous as in
bit better days, still he was Installed fa
vorite for the closing mile and a sixteenth
Belling affair. C. W. Chappell had Spike
ready to, drive, and cut from 12 to 7 the
outsider spread-eagled his field. Nearly
all cf the books were hard hit in thia
race. Dr. Bernays, hard pressed, got sec
ond place from Merops.
BY F. E. MTJXHOLLAin).
and a half furlongs— Water Color won.
King. Pepper second. Isla third. Time 1-07*4
• Seven furlongs, selling— Hesper won Pet'ra II
second. The Chamberlain third Time 1-"SU
u Frve furlongs,- Juvenile - Blue Girl "wen.
Hyphen second. The Hoyden third Time -39
One- mile, the Metropolitan Handicap value
$10,000— Banaatar. 123 • (Odom). 12 to 1 and 5 to
1. won; Contestor, 111 (MeCue), 7.to 1 and 5 to
2. second; All Green. 102/(Brennan). 15 to 1 and
6 to 1.' third. Time. 1:42. ..Sydney Lucas Briga
dier.'Knight of Rhodes, Starbrigrht. Ozden,
Water Cure, ' • Unmasked. All - Gold Motley,
Heliobas. Bellario, Raftaello and Kins Bram
ble also ran. «S|g m 1 . f — jl
. Half a mile— Meditation ' won. Evylyn Maud
second. Gold Curel third. Time, :46%. '
About. two miles,- the New York Steeplechase
— Ronkonckoma won, =. Walter- Cleary second.
Zanzibar third.' Time, 4:014/.
: The Metropolitan was the feature of the
opening day's meeting of the Westchester
Racing Association. From noon until the
first race was called crowds poured Into
the ti - ack. and by the time the first classic
fixture of the Eastern racing season- was
run fully 25,000 people were present. A bet
ter day could not have been desired. At
the;. close of the* betting Starbright,
owned by W. C. Whitney, was settled up
on as the favorite at odds of 4 to 1. while
Banastar went to the post at 12 to 1.
The first break was a bad one, Banaster
refusing, but on the second attempt they
got away. In good order and Unmasked
took • up the ; running. .' rushing up the
back " stretch with ..Heliobas close up
heads separating them. Contestor was
the, next In order, while Banastar was
rating along in seventh . place. As the
horses rounded Into the turn of the wlth
era'mlle Odom began to make his move on
Banastar, and as they neared the turn
into the stretch Banastar had mowed the
lot down one by one until he was at the
saddle girths of the flying leaders, and
Odom held him there for the final run
through .the stretch. Around the turn
they came, every one having a clear field
Inch by Inch, urging with his hands'
Odom sent Banastar along until he had
poked his nose in front of Heliobas who
dropped back, beaten. . Then Banastar
went after Contestor.. whom McCue
was driving hard. In the meantime
Green was coming with a rush. Odom on
Banastar, then got to work with whip and
spur. He hung to Contestor's withers for
a moment, , and then, in the last few
Jumps,: Banaster succeeded in poking his
nose in front- and landed the stake for his
new owner by a head. Summary
Mr. Lewishon's confidence did not de
sert him at any period during the twenty
minutes in which the book was being
made.' He felt sure that Mackay's horse
would win, and every wager he made was
bet straight. He paid no attention to odds
laid for place and to show. When the
several horses entered in the race paraded
past the grand stand in review Lewisohn
was still busy placing commissions. He
did not depart from the betting Inclosure
until the cry "They're off!" caused the
bookmakers to rush put to the lawn to
get a view of the struggle. The last wager
of Lewisohn was $100 against $13)0 with
Abe Levy. It was said that Lewisohn's
winnings on the race were upward of
$25,000. - :
NEW YORK, May 4.— The biggest crowd
since Dessara won in 1832 saw Clarence H.
Mackay's Banastar win the Metropolitan
handicap at Morris Park to-day. In a
fierce drive he beat Contestor a head,
while the three-year-old All Green was
third, a length away. The time. 1:42, was
only fair.
The biggest winner on the Metropoli
tan 1 handicap at Morris Park to-day
was Jesse Lewisohn, a well-known
figure about town. In spite of • the
rumors . touching -. upon Banastar's con
dition and the fact that the bookmak
ers increased odds against the Parondal
hcrse, Lewisohn played Mr. Mackay's
representative all over the ring. When
Lev/isohn started to make the circuit of
the rinsr to wager on Banastar the odds
were 20 to 1. At post time the best price
obtainable was 12 to 1. Lewisohn offered
almost every bookmaker in the ring $100
on . Banastar. Nearly every one of the
bigger books accepted, believing that Ban
astar would not finish first.
BANASTAR WINS
METROPOLITAN
I "When Cal Ewing wins two baseball
games in succession something is sure to
happen," was what the hammer expert In
the front row said one day last week when
the Dudes left the field bedraggled and
weary. It happened first and then Ewing
won the games, •
'Over in Oakland yesterday morning K.
J. Drennan, the guardian of the Oakland
center cemetery, was married to Pauline
Jones, which event bestirred the Oakland
fielder in a very mild way, for he was at
his, post in the afternoon, playing as if
nothing had happened. But then the
courtship was lens and Drennan is a mat
ter-of-fact young man who seldom makes
errors. ¦ .
That was incident number one. \ nc {~
dent the second, accessory before the fac.
is of another kind. Chief Borchers i3 miss
ing and. desnite the searching of hired
detectives and the hue and cry that Ew
ing has set up, the star twirler of the
Oakland team cannot be found. . The other
day some one saw him with a package of
Eastern transnorlation cards in his
pocket and the Chief 3aid he was going
far, far away, to a land where an umpire
can • be found who knows a ball from a
strike. It is a singular coincidence, the
baseball men say. that one of his lady
admirers is also not to be found. Ewing
will pay a big reward for the return of
Bcrchers, who has already been fined '$100
by the Oakland manager for taking leave
without permission. Ewing would also
like to hand over to Mr. Borchera the
$20 S3 back salary that is due him.
The game yesterday was noteworthy for
the trial of. two new pitchers. Russell of
Oakland and Thomas of Sacramento.
Both give promise of development, par
ticularly Thomas. In the eighth inning
Russell showed that he was made of stern
stuff. Doyle, Stanley and Sheehan were
crowding the sacks and the bench was
clear of dead ones. The score read 5—3 in
favoi of Oakland, and the clouds, hung
over the heads of the Dudes. Then
Thomas hit to Arrellanes and Doyle was
forced out at the plate. McGucken hit to
Moore, who crowded out" Stanley at the
p'att, and Lohman doubled the runner at
first , v
Sacramento at times niayed ragged ball,
which was not helped In the least by the
unnecessary and unreasonable exhibitions
of recalcitrancy on the part of Hanlon.
star- kicker, as well as first baseman of
the league. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
•&-¦ - AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken. c. f 4 0 1 0 111
Dcvercaux, us 4.1 0 01 12
Courtney, 2b '2 0 ¦¦ 2 0 2 3 1
McLaughlin. 1. f 4-0 1 0 0 00
Hanlon, lb 5 0 0 0 14 1 0
Doyle, r. f 4 1-31110
Stanley., c :.. 3 0 2 0 2 2 0
Sheehan. 3b 3 1 2 0 3 6 0
Thomas, p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 33 3 11 1 24 IS 4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. c. f.... 2 0 0 1 1 » 1
Francks, ss :.. 4 11 0.0 3 0
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 2 0 4 4 0
Streib, lb 4 0 0 0 13 0 1
Dunleavy, 1. f 3 110 1 0 0
Moore. 3b '. 4 2-2 1 2 5 0
Mpsklman, r. f 3 1 11 0 0 0
Lohman, c :. 4 0 1 0' 6 5 0
Russell, p.. 2 10 0 0 10
Totals -..30 6 8 3 21 IS. !
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 100 200—3
Base hits 0 113 10 2 2 1-11
Oakland 1 0003 101*— 6
Base hits 2100 Sill*— 8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible -for— Russell 2. Thomas 2.
Three-base hit— Francks,. Two-base hits—
Courtney, Sheehan. Bunleavy. Sacrifice hit—
Drennan. First base on errors— Sacramento 1,
Oakland 2. First base on called balls—Sacra
mer.to 6. Oakland 3. Left on bases— Sacramento
11. Oakland 4. Struck out— By Russell 2. by
Thomas 1. lilt by pitcher— Courtney 2, Dren
nan. Double plays— Devereaux to Courtney to
Hanlon. Moore to Lohrcan to Streib. Time of
game— I hour, J5 minutes. Umpire— Donohue.
Official scorer— McFferl in.
San Francisco Wins.
LOS ANGELES, May 4.— Los Angeles
outfielder! and outbatted the Wasps, but
lost on pure luck. The locals made a
great bid for the game In the ninth, but
fell one short of tleing the score. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PCk. A. E.
Brlseno, 2b 5 0 10 111
Kelly, s. s 5 0 2 0 0 S ,1
Householder, c. f....4 0 0 0 3 1 9
Spies, c.: 5 0 0 0 8 1 0
C. Reilly. 3b 3 2 1-0340
Johnson, lb... 4 0 10 9 0 0
Swindells, r. f 3 1 2 0 1 0 0,
Bowman. 1. f 4 12 0 3 10
Hartwell, p 4 110 12 0
Totals ...*37 5 10 0 27 13 S
SAN FRANCISCO. !. . -
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. S,
Hlldebrand, c. f 3 2 0 0 S 0 *
Schwartz. 2b 4 0 10 111
Krug. s. s - 3 2 10 2 5 1
Holland, 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 1
Pabst, lb 4 0 1 1 13 0 0
Graham, c '. 4 1 C 0 J 2 0
Xordyke. r. f 4 0 10 0 0 1
J. Reilly. 3b. 4 0 10 2 2 1
Iburg. p 3 110 0 3 0
Totals ....33 « « 1 27 14 «
RUNS ANT> JHITS BY INNIXGS.
Los Angeles 0 10001003—5
Base hits 02003300 2—10
San Francisco. 220003000-8
Base hits 120002000—6
SUMMARY.
Earned run— San Francisco. Two-base hits—
Swindells. Iburg. Krug, Schwartz. First base
on errors — San Francisco 2. Los Angeles 3.
First base on called balls— San Francisco 1.
Los Angeles 2. Left op bases— San Francisco
2. Los Angeles 6. Struck out— By Iburg 2. by
Hartwell 3. Hit by pitcher— Krug. C. Reilly.
Double plays— Graham to Schwartz: Iburg to
Graham to Pabst: J. Reilly to Krug. Wild
pitch— Hartwell. Time of game— 1:50. Umpire
— J. 0"Connell. Scorer— Cashman.
Lick Wins Baseball Game.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 4.—
The deciding game of the sub-league se
ries of academic baseball was played
this afternoon on the Stanford Univer
sity campus by teams from the Palo Alto-
High School and from the Lick School of
Mechanical Arts. L!ck winning by a score
of- 7 to f>. Very ragged playing charac
terized the game. The best work was by
Westdall. pitcher of Palo Alto, and by
Schleff. pitcher, and by * Martin, catcher
of the Lick team.
Berkeley Boys Win.
BERKELEY, May 4.— The Berkeley
High School baseball team defeated the
Santa Rcsa High School nine this morn
ing bv a score of ST. to 7. The game was
played In Freeman's Park. Golden Gate.
This gives Berkeley the Academic Ath
letic League championship of the northern
and central sub-leagues. The final game
with, the southern sub-league will bo
plared next week. •
Tommy Cox Matched.
REDDING. May 4.— Billy de Coursey
and Tommy Cox will flgM on May 20. The
articles provide for a twenty-round bout,
tr* be governed by Marquis of Qa?«rasberry
rules,- The. fighters must weigh; less than
125 pounds and break clear in the clinches.
They will fight for 60 per cent of the gate-,
receipts. - -
Central— "Ten Nights in a Barroom. 1 *
Tivoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. I*/.'.'."
Columbia— "Sag Harbor" to-morrow nlgst.
Alcazar— "The Conquerors."
Grand Opera-house— "Mr. Barnes of New
York."
California— "The Lottery of Love."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy «treet»—
Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening.
Fischer" s— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— Columbia Minstrel Company, Sat
urday, May 11.
Recreation Fark-^Baseball.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Bench Show. May S.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By William G. Layng— Tuesday. May 14. at
10 o'clock, German Government Artillery
Horses, at -721 Howard street.
Lewis to Be Tried Again.
The case of "Major" Edwin Lewis,
charged with forgery, was called In Judg-a
Lawlcr's court yesterday and the Judge
set It for trial next Wednesday. When
the case was first tried the Jury acquitted
the defendant on the grround of Insanity,
but the Insanity Commissioners decided
Friday that he was sane, hence the new
trial.
Outsiders, Well Backed, Took Nearly Every
thing in Sight— Headwater and The Pride
on Their Bad Behavior-Ruiz in Form
TALENT IS BUFFETED
ABOUT AT OAKLAND
Ewing Cannot Find Borchers, Who Leaves
the Oakland Ranks Without Notifying
His Manager— Drennan a Married Man
ACCIDENTS HAPPEN AND
DUDES WIN TWO GAMES
TURF EVENTS AND GAMES OF A DAY ON THE BASEBALL FIELDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^^
THIRTEEN QUEENS ARE ELECTED
FOR THE SAN DIEGO WATER CARNI VAL
Olympia's Rowing Crew Win the Contest by Popular Votes.
Great Reception Is Planned for Admiral Bickford LJ pon ; the
Arrival of the British -Battleship Warspite, Expected: Tomorrow
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
CHOSEN TO WAVE THE REGAL
WAND AT SAN DIEGO'S WATER.
CARNIVAL.
24
AEnJSHELENTS.
'A man Is never so sure that; he' is per-
fectly sober aa when he is tolerably
drunk. ' . " • . : • . »
SENT FREETO MEN!
A Most Eemarkable Remedy Tint
Quiek'.y Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekasre Sent by Mall:
tD All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who.
will write the State Medical Institutes
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sulfering of lost manhood that .
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffec.
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
o» strength and memory, weak back, vaxi-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength;
and development just where it is needed.'.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come:
from years of misuse of the natural funo-'
tlons and has teen an absolute success in";
all cases. A request to the State Medical;
Institute. 328 Elektron building, Fort ;
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire on*
of their free trial packages, will be com*"
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-'
slrou3 of reaching that great class of menT
wro are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free sample will enable them,
to 'see how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will b«
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub- 3
licity. Readers are requested to writ* J
without delav. K
/\ft&ir the Fire! J
P^^LADD'S GUN STORE
Reopened at ' old number, 421 Kearny
street Goods slightly damaged bv water
and fire to bo sold for thirty days at
Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and
SPORTING GOODS of every description.
All new goods at special discount during ' i
sale. Highest 1 cash price paid for raw
Furs. Send 3 cents for postage of 100-
page Illustrated catalogue. . - \ • *¦¦. :- Fcur "colliers are coming here; from the
East with coal for, Uncle Sam. 1 i.Three of
them' are vessels abent the size of the col
lier Bristol-and the fourth is 2932 tons net
burden. One is the Pleiades; from Phila
delphia. She will -take the. place of the
Hyades, now under a two years' contract
to • the .-Pacific . Coast • Company. ¦¦ ' The
Hyades,- it is said, will take a load of 'coal
to Manila for the Government. The other
three colliers — Asuncion,;', Paraguay -.and
Tampico— are coming from "Baltimore and
will probably go into -the coast trade. v ~,v
Coal' for the Government.
The command of the ; first battalion j of
artillery, | National Guard -. of • California,
was 'given last 'night by an -election held
at the Ellis-street armory to Major H. P.
Bush. : i The choice for commander was
unanimous. " -. ' ¦ • • " ' '
Major Hyman P.Bush entered the Na
tional Guard as a private in Company H,
First Infantry, in June, 1870. The follow
ing month he was elected first lieutenant,
and- in 1872 was chosen captain of the com
pany. He was continued in that command
six consecutive :terms.In ; March, 1S91, ,he
was elected lieutenant colonel of the First
Infantry, and became its colonel m May,
1895, holding that command until the re
organization, when he went , on - the re
tired list. He served on. the United .States
Sanitary ¦ Commission " of, the'- civil war
from 1864 to. 1867, and -from 1868 to 1869 he
\yas a member of Company K. Eighth In
fantry,.New York State militia.' He has
always -taken "an- active- interest in- Na
tional Guard affairs. ¦: He \ is 'at this time
bookkeeper in the United States branch
mint and secretary' of the California So
ciety of New Yorkers. ,_v - ¦•'. "'/
K. P. BUSH ELECTED MAJOR.
"W. H. La Boyteaux made his first round
in 57, E. J; McCutchen scored 59 and Mau
rice Dore~64, but none of the three made
SAN RAFAEL GOLF CLUB— MEN'S OPEN
TOURNAMENT.'
&T1-CHE Mayday festival at Glen Park
I for the benefit of the San Fran-
I Cisco Teachers' Annuity Associa-
II tion was held 'yesterday and was
• a complete success. A most en
joyable day was spent by thousands of
school children and the teachers', annuity
fund was helped to the extent of more
than $6000. ¦
Not a single happening marred the
pleasure of the day. Although the morn
ing set in cold and foggy, Old Sol sent his
bright rays through the banks of mois
ture long before the noon hour, and more
perfect weather could not have been de
sired. The heat of the sun^was tempered
by a gentle breeze and all went "as merry
as a marriase bell."
There was no need for the parents of the
school children to "call them early" for
the Mayday festival. Long before day
light hundreds of the little ones were astir
and as early as 8 in the morning the cars
to Glen Park were crowded. By 11 o'clock
thousands" of children and their elders
were gathered in the picturesque glen,
and until 6, in the evening there was not
an idle moment. Athletic sports, merry
go-rounds, parades, drills, donkey rides,
automobile spins, balloon ascension,', mu
sic, bands and choruses helped to make
the time fly. Beyond a few lost children
and a slight scare caused by a fire in, one
of the tents,' the Mayday festival was
perfect in every detail. Lieutenant An
derson of the Police Department and fifty
picked men helped to maintain order and
watch over the safety of the thousands of
children, and every credit is due to the
gallant police officers for their efficient
work. Chief Sullivan of the Fire Depart
ment sent a chemical engine to the glen
when he heard of the small fire, and the
firemen were ordered to remain on duty
until the last of the merry-makers had
left for home. The transportation facili
ties of the Market-street Railroad Com
pany were excellent and no difficulty was
encountered in conveying the crowds to
and from the scene of the' festival.
Congressman Kahn Was Popular.
Many distinguished citizens visited the
picnic grounds during the day, but' none
received a warmer welcome than did Con
gressman Julius Kahn and his wife. Con
gressman Kahn was followed by a throng
of boys and girls wherever he went, and
when he scattered money and toys among
the children he was hailed with Juvenile
cheers. . - - • • ' — ,
! All. the familiar faces of the teachers
of the School Department were to be st;en
at the grounds yesterday. President Mrs.
Mary W. Kincaid and Directors Mark,
Casserly and Denman were on " the
grounds. Superintendent R. H. Webster
and his assistant, L. A. Jordan, were here,
there and everywhere, ever thoughtful of
the comfort of the children. The prin
cipals of the various schools end the
male and female teachers lent aid to those
in charge of the festival. . . ,
The ball was set rolling at 9 a. m.. when
Professor 'Alfred Roncovieri and his. su
perb military band gave a concert lasting
for an hour. Then came the athletics of
the high school pupils. George S. Miehl
ing of the Olympic Club was in charge
and was ably assisted by pupils of the high
schools as clerks of the course. . while
George A. Hensley acted as referee. John
Elliott of the Olympic Club was starter
and Messrs. Sachs, Powell and Lauer
meister of the Mission High School acted
as judges. — •'
The morning programme of the athletic
sports consisted of a tug of war contest
between teams from the high schools and
the 100-yard running race for students
from the same schools. . . . . . ; .
The teams entered for the tug -of war
were from the . Lowell, Mission,' Poly tech-
' Managers of booths— Mr. Schuck. Miss Parker,
Mrs. ' Fitzgerald. Miss Smith. Miss Childs, Mrs.
Love, Mrs.-. Hazelton, Miss Wilson, Mr. Faulk
ner, Miss; Fairchlld, Mothers' Club, Misses
Morton- and Strauss, Miss McElroy, Misses
Love and Ward, Miss Barrington, Mrs. Bald
win, Misses Lynch and McLean, Miss A. M.
Stincen. Mrs. Lyons,' Miss Hurley, Miss Mag
ner, • Miss Jennie Long. - Miss Carpenter, Mr.
McCarthy, Miss Ev- Stincen. ¦ ..
Committee on booths— Mrs. Mann," Miss E.
Stincen, Miss Wilson and Mr. Sturges. • '
The only accident of the entire day was
one that befell Varley. Mathews, • a ,12
year-old lad, who fell out of a swing and
broke : his arm. Mathews, who resides
with . his parents % at 3745 Twenty-third
street, was conveyed; to the City and
County Hospital; where the broken limb
was set. r -. .'. ¦¦'.''¦ ¦ ¦'¦ ¦ > ¦ >¦¦ ' • - ¦.'
Managers of decorations — Miss , Katherine M.
Ball, supervisor of drawing, public schools;
Miss Dee Beebe, supervisor of. drawing, public
schools. - .. . • , . . :
Director of pavilion— R. D. Faulkner, prin
cipal-, of Franklin School. Assistants— Miss
Estelle Carpenter, musical director; Mrs. M.
L. O'Neal. . . ¦• . ¦ .
'Stage director — Miss Jennie Long, - conductor
of Miss Long" s School of Elocution and Dra
matic Art. , ; v"> . '
. Manager of swings and. rings— C.-W. Moores,
vice principal of Hancock School.
Manager of reserved seats on campus — Philip
Prior, principal of James Lick School.
Constructors of booths— Supervisor. Cree T.
Work, head of manual. training, public schools.
Assistants— M. Doyle, E. E. Goodell, . A. L.
Read,- B. T. Simcoe, C. H. Thorpe, assistants
in manual training,, public schools.
clpal of Hancock School; Mrs. N. A. Wood,
principal of Hearst School; Miss K. Conklin,
principal of the Starr King School.
• Committee on entrances — T. H.- McCarthy,
acting principal of, the Washington, . chairman,
north gate;< T. H. McCarthy, Captain , A. J.
Itsell; principal of the Hunters Point School,
and Mr. Furbeck, south gate; F. G. Huskey,
vice principal of the James Lick School; Daniel
Delay, principal . of Ocean . House School ; John
Corbet. . J ¦ •
. Press committee-^Miss J: • A. Mlchelson, Pa
cific Heights School: Miss Marie Ruef, Garfleld
School; Miss A. D. Keith, Clement School.
Ellsha. Brooks,-; principal ; of ¦ the "Girls'
High School, was grand; marshal; and the
; The -performances in the ' pavilion con-*
sistedof selections, by- the military bands,
choruses by the children,: vocal and musl
caK selections ; by 'pupils * of., the schools;
dancing. by the pupils and calisthenics by
the boys • and girls - of ; the . San : Francisco
Turn Vereln.' -..-; /> ; ¦ • ... ' .
Committees : and Officers.
I Fifty-yard race , for girls, . fifth ' and ;. sixth
grades— Mabel Slmone first, E. Grellman sec-
Fifty-yard egK race for girls, seventh and
eighth grades— N. Donovan first,: E. Grellman
Hundred-yard race for. boys, : seventh -and
eighth grades— Percy Lansr first, Harry Norton
second, Herbert Bowen third.. ...
Fifty-yard" race : for * boys, fifth and . sixth
grades— Wiley Alrley. first. Fred Favor second.
• Forty-yard sack race : for boys.' sixth and sev
enth grades— Julius Cohn ; first, J. O'Connell
second. ..- '¦ • •¦'.' ' •
Miss Estelle Carpenter, the talented
supervisor, of music in ' the public schools,
led the children in the grand chorus • of
"America." the voices of the children
making the surrounding hills echo with
melody. •
Then came a: pretty flag? drill by tho
girls, many hurdred strong- - the waving
of the stars and stripes -and of _red,
.white and blue handkerchiefs, forming
one of the prettiest pictures possible to
imagine.' Miss Katherine Black, assistant
supervisor of music in the schools, alter
nated with 'Miss Carpenter in directing
the children in rendering patriotic songs,
and the noon hour finished with a grand
competitive march for the banner award
ed bv the superintendent. To ' a lively
quickstep, played by :Roncovleri's band,
the children passed -the reviewing stand,
eliciting plaudits.- from the . spectators.
The trophy was awarded to the Hancock
Grammar School, boys' division, the nirls
of the living Scott School being declared
close seconds.' ¦-. ' ... ' .. '* ¦.¦'•. •¦¦',..,
From noon until 1 P. m. the children
and their relatives spent the ' time in
lunching, while the principals of the day
entertained guests at lunch on th3 open
dar.cing pavilion. Music was discoursed by
a military, band during the lunch hour.
The various booths and tents did a thriv
ing business, andthe temporary scare of
a tent on fire was soon forgotten by all
present. The police officers did gallant
work in beating out the flames with their
coats or with sacks, while many of the
teachers kept order among the children.
The afternoon programme consisted \ of
six l attractive variety, concerts in the pa
vilion, v music by the < bands, athletic
sports and balloon ascensions. The bal
loon-was laden with parachutes^ filled
with bon-bons for the little ones; and when
the monster.bag soared aloft and dropped
its cargo to mother; earth '¦ there was a
scramble that represented a gigantic foot
ball game. , ¦ .'. — ; .-v •¦ ¦'•'•¦'• . • • • '": '
The athletic sports lasted until 4 p.- m.,
prizes being, awarded to the various win.
ners. Superintendent Webster, who acted
as president of the day, distributed the
rewards, -.which consisted •. of silver and
bronze medals. - ¦'•'', , : -',' r .. '••'•'
There were many contestants nrtne va
rious races, and rivalry ran high between
those who Hoed the ' line; in front of; the
starter's • pistol. The result; of the races
was as follows: ' .
Chorus and; Flag Drill.
were given' by the Teachers' Association
for the 100-yard race. :
The feature of the entire day was the
physical culture exercise given before the
noon hour, under .the direction of Profes
sor Magnus, director'of physical culture.
The children presented a picturesque ap
poarance. Some of: the boys and girls
were dressed completely" in white: others
were garbed in pleasing colors; some wore
every-day dress, relieved by sashes of red
or blue, but every school company sup
plied a mass of gorgeous Color/ , ;/ ¦
Sunset is experiencing a mild building
boom. William N. Canfleld is building a
modern two-story residence on Ninth ave
nue, between H and I streets. Two pretty
residences are nearly completed in the
block on EiKhth avenue, between J and
K streets. Mr. Poppenberg has just com
pleted a two-story residence on L street,
between Ninth and Tenth avenues. Mr.
Webb, the builder, is erecting a modern
one and a half story cottace on Tenth
avenue, near L street. The Doyle block
formerly occupied by the members of the
Olympic Club, on H street, between. Sev
enth and Eighth avenues. Sunset, has
beer, given up bv them and it is the inten
tion of Mr. Doyle to make necessary alter
ations to lease it as a modern place of re
sort. .
The loans of a week have been small in
mest instances. The larger ones include
$16,000 by the Security Savings Bank to
C. E. Knickerbocker on 60x137:6 on the
north line of Pine street, 137:6 feet west
from Hyde, and $30,000 by the Security
Savings Bank to Leopold " and • Joseph
Hirsch on the west corner of Fourth and
Howard streets. 48:6x85.
Sales of country realty are reported by
the San Francisco Savings Union, which
include 400 acres of farm land near Mer
ced, for $3000, and seventy acres near
Halfmoon Bay, in San Mateo County, for
$4200.
The deed has been placed on record
transferring 27:6x137:6 feet on the north
line of Geary street, 137:6 feet west from
Powell, from Mary K. and Emma P.
Short to Charles T. and Jennie A. Crocker,
for $46,750. . •
H. E. Poehlman- has removed to 304
Montgomery street.
Miscellaneous News.
Edward B. Jennings will place a two
story and basement frame building on the
west line of Devisadero, near Grove, to
cost $5000 approximately, i
An additional story will be placed on the
three-story brick building at 169-171 Fre
mont street by Emelie M. Chabot at a
cost of $8000.
A three-story, attic and basement frame
building will be erected for. M. Lewis, to
cost $7500. on the north line of Golden Gate
avenue, 220 feet west from Franklin street.
Charles G.Gebhardt has contracted for
the construction of two two-story and
basement frame buildings on the north
line of Laurel avenue, west from Frank
lin, to cost $7400.
The frame building containing a store
and four flats to. be erected by Hannah
Tucker on the south line of Hayes street,
east from Octavia, will cost $9000.
James E. Vincent has purchased from
the Baroness von Schroeder, for $50,000,
299x240 feet on the northwest line of
Berry street, 275 feet northwest from
Sixth street and running through to King
street- '„ , ' „
The southwest corner of Polk and Cali
fornia streets has been sold for $70,000 by
the estate of A. Van R. Pixley. subject to
confirmation by the Probate Court.
Mrs. Samuel G. Buckbee has purchased
the lot on the south line of Pacific avenue,
50 feet east of Pierce street, 40x127 :8»4 feet,
for the purpose of erecting a residence.
The lot Is between the residences of
Henry L. Tatum and J, C. Stubbs. As
soon as the deed is passed a handsome
modern house, costing about $20,000 will
be erected on the lot
Samuel Dusenberry will build a four
story building, containing a store and
flats, on the north line of Geary street,
west from Jones. The cost will be $15,000.
Buildings Projected.
able state. Its tendency is upward, and is
likely to be so for quite a long time to come,
we think. The total number of sales made
last month was 466, of the total value of
$3,453,121; the total number of sales made in
April, 1900. was S24, of the total value of
$1,215,815.
Bakers' Union No. 24 met last night
after the labor parade and indorsed the
action taken by the San Francisco Labor
Council on the waiters' strike.
Bakers Indorse Strike.
MISS ESTELXrE CARPENTER, WHO LED THE CHILDREN IN THE GRAND CHORUS OF "AMERICA." AND
SOME OF THE FEATURES OF THE TEACHERS'. ANNUITY. ASSOCIATION PICNIC HELD AT. GLEN PARK
YESTERDAY. ¦ ¦;• ..'',...
In the afternoon there was an open
tournament over eighteen holes, medal
play, for men. there being about thirty
entries. Some of the entries, notably Er
nest R. Folger and J. A. Folger. did not
play and others made no returns.- The
event resulted in a tie between B. D.
Aaamson and Warren Gregory, both of
the San Francisco Golf Club, with a score
of 103 Adamson made his first round in
49, but in the second he got off the course
and fell into- difficulties. . bringing his
score up to 54. Gregory, on the other hand,
after taking 54 for his first round made
his second in 49. S. L. Abbott Jr., with a
score of 56-52, total 108, tied for second
place with H. C. Golcher, whose score was
52-56, total 108. The scores of the com
petitors are given below:
ST. ANDREWS' SOCIETY
HOLDS ANNUAL PICNIC
Fairfax Park Is the Scene of a Large
ly Attended Out- . ...
ing.
The St. Andrews' Society .held its an
nual picnic yesterday at Fairfax Park,
in Marin County. The attendance was
large, 3000 people being present-
Various athletic games were partici
pated in and handsome prizes were donat
ed to the victors. A special feature was
the highland fling dances, the music for
this pastime being furnished by pipers in
full native costumes. . -
The day was ideal for an outing of this
kind, and it was late In the afternoon be
fore the merrymakers thought of return
ing to the city.
any returns for the second nine holes.
Others who were entered, but either did
not compete or handed in no scores, wer©
Worthington Ames. J. J. Crooks, R. J.
I>avis, C. P. Eells. Dr. H. O. Howltt.
Judge W. W. Morrow and Lieutenant
Fechteler, U. S. N.
The tie for the handsome three-handled
silver cup. which is the prize in the men's
event, will be played oft between B. D.
Adamson and Warren Gregory this morn
ing over eighteen holes, beginning at 10:30
o'clock.
SAN JOSE. May 4.— Twelve hundred en
thusiastic students from various schools
and colleges witnessed the San Jose High
School's victory at the second annual field
day of the Pacific Academic League at
Agricultural Park this afternoon. The
schools competing were the San Jose.
Santa Clara and Campbell High Schools
and the Univeisity of the Pacific Acad
emy. It -was a hard fight for supremacy
between San Jose and Santa Clara and
great rivalry existed, as Santa Clara was
victorious last year. The scores of the
schools were: San Jose 5». Santa Clara 57.
University of the Pacific Academy 29,
Campbell 18. Tl?e summary follows:
E0-yard dash— Woodhanas (Santa Clara) won.
Hill"<San Jose) second. Allen (San Jose) third.
Time. :05 2-5.
Two-mile run— John llaloy (San Jose) won.
Hunter (Santa Clara) second, Payne (San Jose)
third. Time, 11:00 3-5.
100-yard dash— Tiffin OJ. P. A.) won. Down
ing (Santa Clara) second. Braun (Santa Clara*
third. Time, :10 2-5.
One-mile run— Lovell (Campbell) won. John
Maloy (San Jose) seconJ, Hunter (Santa Clara)
third. Time, 6:42 2-5.
440-yard dash— Haj-wards (San Jose) won.
Anderson (Santa Clara) second. Patterson
(Santa Clara) third. Time. :55 4-5.
High Jump — Ross (Campbell) won, TltU3 (San
Jose) and Kocher (Sauta Clara) tied for sec
ond. Distance. 5 feet i inches.
Twelve-pound hammer-throw— Hyde (U. P.
A ) won Squires (Santa Clara) second. But
terfield (Santa Clara) third. Distance. 107 feet
9 inches.
Broad Jump— 'Woodhnms (Santa Clara) won.
Kuykendall (U. P. A.) second, Kocher (San
Jose) third. Distance. IS feet 9 inches.
Twelve-pound shotput— Hyde (U. P. A.) won,
Hawley (San Jose) second. ¦ Hill (San Jose)
third. IMstance, 40 feet 2 Inches.
Pole vault — Keener «San Jose) won; Titus
(Santa Clara) second. McSwain (Santa Clara)
third. Height. 9 feet 10% inches.
Mile relay— Santa Clara won. University of
Pacific Academy second. San Jose third. Time,
Mile bicycle race — Lace Downing (San Jose)
won McDonald (San Jose) second, Kerr (San
Jose) third. Time. 2:30.
8S0-yard run— Lavell (Campbell) won, tfeff
Maloy (San Jose) second. Hay (Santa Clara)
120-yard hurdle — Woodhams (Santt. Clara)
won. Cutting (Campbel) second. Squires (Santa
Clara) third. Time. :19 3-5.
220-yard dash— Haywards (San Jose) won.
Braun (Santa Clara) second. Downing (Santa
Clara) third. Time. :24. ' >_ '
Three-mile bicycle - race— X.. Downing (San
Jose) won, McDonald (San Jose) second. Kerr
(San Jose) third. Time. 7:20.
220-yard hurdle— Tiffin (U. P. A.) won. Patter
son (Santa Clara) second, Roll (Santa Clara)
third. Time. :28 4-5.
San Jose High School Wins by a Nar
row Margin Over Santa
ANNUAL FIELD DAY OF
THE ACADEMIC LEAGUE
ANXAPOLIS, Md.. May 4.— The naval
cadets to-day won the annual eight-oared
chell race with Yale, two miles over a
straightaway course. 1
Annapolis Outrows Yale.
LUTTCIN, Tex., May 4.— Fire this after
noon swept away twenty-two business
houses and their contents. The loss Is
$65,000.
Houses Lost in the Flames.
BERKELEY, May 4.— Twelve men from
the University of California track team
left this morning at 8:30 o'clock for the
northern trip. Field days will be held on
May 6 at Eugene with the University of
Oregon and on May 10 with the University
of Washington at Seattle. The men will
return before commencement. . The team
is composed of Anthony Cadogan. G. C.
Brown, Howard Squires, R. R. Service,
F. H. Pedewill. R. C. Clifford. XV. A.
Powell, H. C. Cheek, E. M. Hussey. A. M.
Cooley. J. D. Hoffman and A. D. Plaw.
Manager Reno Hutchinson, Coach Wal
ter Christie and Trainer W. L. Hayward
accompanied the. team.
' Track Men Start North.
BORCHERS GOES
INTO SECLUSION
Star Pitcher Drops Out
of Sight "Without
; Warning.
Rumors of Romantic Attrac
tion Surround His
Disappearance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
>/-i - . 111S Broadway, May 4.
George Borchers,' the star pitcher of the
Oakland baseball nine, has disappeared.
Borchers should have played with the
team Wednesday, but he failed to show,
and "Dr." Moskiman was substituted.
None of the missing pitcher's close friends
in baseball circles can explain why he
decamped so suddenly nor where the ab
sent ballplayer has gone.
So far as his baseball standing is con
cerned, Borchers had no reason to leave
the team. His frienas insist that he has
absolutely- no cause on that score for
quitting so unceremoniously, and they are
busy, now trying 'to figure out a satisfac
tory explanation. -
Some of the Oakland players are Inject
ing a bit* of romance into the -story, the
names' of some of the fair enthusiasts of
Golden Gate being, introduced as a pos
sible cause for the handsome pitcher's
sudden leave taking. But none seem to
be able to tell with certainty the story
that he has fallen a victim to the charms
of some fair one and decided to fly to a
Cupid's bower far from. the scenes of his
succes»s at the bay shores.
Borcners is married and his Wife is a
resident of Portland. Or. His former
home was- Sacramento. Inquiring friends
have been unable to trace the pitcher in
any of his former haunts northward.
The friends, however, while somewhat
exercised about the sudden departure, are
not alarmed that Borchers will not be able
to take care of himself wherever he may
be or with whomsoever he may have fled.
Adamson and Gregory Tie for First
MBS. BBOWM" WINS THE
STXVEH GOLF TROPHY
Place in the Men's Open
Tournament.
The first open tournament of the season
took place yesterday on the links of the
San Rafael Golf Club, the course being in
excellent condition and the day fine. In
the morning the ladies took part in an
eighteen-hole medal play tournament, for
which there . were thirteen competitors.
Of this number four made no returns.
Mrs. R. G. Brown of the San Rafael Golf
Club was in excellent form, and her two
rounds of 56-56, total 112, 'brought her in
an .easy winner, the second place being
taken by Mrs. H. H. Sherwood of the
Oakland Golf Club with a score of .137.
The handsome silver loving cup, which
was the prize ior this event, becomes the
property of Mrs. R. G. Brown. The scores
of the competitors are given below:
SAN RAFAEL GOLF CLUB— LADIES' OPEN
TOURNAMENT.
The discovery of the remains was made
in a peculiar manner by two boys — Archie
Randall of 1423 Spruce street and Harold
Ray of 1S05 Euclid avenue— while hunting.
Ray shot at what he supposed to be a
squirrel, but the object did not move and
on investigation he discovered that he
had shot, at one of the feet of a corpse
half hidden in the grass. The boys hur
riedly left the place and reported the
case to Deputy Coroner J. E. Streightif.
Nearly four hours was required to brinj
the body from where it was discovered. It
was lying about three miles from town
and over half way to the top of Grizzly
Peak. The spot was a mile back of "W.
T. Such's dairy and half a mile from the
public road on a steep, open hillside.
The body had on a black frock coat,
dark trousers ard felt slippers. The slip
pers were badly worn, in one place clear
through to the foot, showing how the old
man had struggled over the Jagged rocks.
In the pockets were two cards, both bear
ing the name and address of "Charles F.
Moll." The condition of the body showed
that death had occurred several days ago.
Deputy Coroner Streightif - found no
marks of violence on the body.
Dr. Moll wag seen alive Mon«lav, April
22 by W. T. Such at the hearl of Chan
ning way. He seemed in a dazed condi
tion and Such started him toward Oak
land, giving him 50 cents with which to
pay his car fare. Later in the 3av ne was
seen in Strawberry Canyon by a dairy
hand.
Dr. Moll was 76 years of age and
slightly feeble-minded. On a previous oc
casion he wandered away and was gona
three t days. His wife and daughter liv«
on Broadway, Oakland, near Forty-ninth
street.
Arrangements for the inquest have not
been made.
BERKELEY. May 4.— The body of
Charles F. Moll, the aged Oakland phy
s!cian. who wandered away from his home
on Xev/ Broadway two weeks ago to-day,
was found on the hills east of this citv
at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon. The feat
ures were decomt>csed beyond recognition,
but the clothing and cards bearing his
name furnished complete identification.
Old Man Was Missing From
His Oakland Home for
Two Weeks.
Remains of O. F. Moll
Discovered on Berke
ley Hills.
BODY OF AGED
DOCTOR FOUND
MARTSVIKLE. May 4.— Mrs. Allen
Cooley, wife of the Junior member of the
firm of "White, Cooley & Cutts, suc
cumbed to rneumonia in *this city this
afternoon. 1 he deceased was 38 years of
age and a daughter of the late Isaac
Belcher, recently Supreme Court Com
missioner in this State.
Mrs. Allen Cooley.
LONDON, May 4.— Richard Redhead,
who wrote the tune to which "Rock of
Ages" Is usually sung. Is dead. He had
been organist cf St. Mary's Church, Pad
dington, since 1864.
Hichard Redhead.
It has long been customary for the boys
of both races who reside In the western
suburbs to fight whenever the different
bands encountered each other, but not un
til yesterday has any one been seriously
injured. On that day about fifty Mexi
cans attacked a dozen little Americans,
and for a time the battle was severe, but
was confined to throwing of stones. The
Americans were being worsted when they
procured a target rifle and small pistols.
The rifle was directed at the ranks of the
assailants and the bullet struck Pailen.
inflicting a wound from which he died
last night.
are in Jail.
EL PASO. Tex.. May 4.— As the result
of a pitched battle between American and
Mexican small, boys, Anastacio Pailen,
9 years of Ege. is dead from the effects of
a rifle ball wound and three American
lads, whopo ages ranges from 12 to 14,
Youngsters Open Fight With
Stones and Then Use
a Rifle.
American Lad Kills a
Mexican Youth in a
T>« 4-4-1 «-v
WARLIKE BOYS
IN FATAL STRIFE
During the period between 1895 and 189S,
¦when real estate could hardly be riven away,
•we dwelt frequently upon the utter want of
faith of buyers. Now, an era has apparently
bfjsun when they will tumble over each other
jr. their eagerness and haste to buy real estate
which they would not touch a few years ago.
The proverb "The time to buy Is when every
body wants to sell, and the time to 6ell is
v-fcen everybody ¦wants to buy" is never ob
f.r\e& by the crowd, who refuse to touch
property when buying requires courage and
judgment. Xinety-flve buyers out of every
hundred, like children In the dark, must have
company, and large company.
The market is in a very healthy and favor-
The r^al estate business lc In the most active
Ftate, without ary excitement or booming-.
True, several pieces of property, recently
bought, have been sold at advance* of 5 to 10
X-er cent, but that does not indicate specula
tion, but only the presence of a. large number
of buyers, who, at last anxious to buy, are
¦wllling to pay reasonable advances. Perhaps
the best sign of general prosperity, as far as
that etate of affairs can be revealed by real
estate, is that email buyer* are now in the
market. They were almost wholly absent be
tween 3891 and 1E93.
The real estate sales during the month
cf April amounted to $3,453,121, as against
? 1,2:5,8:5 in April, 1300. The volume of
business Is thus seen to have increased
r: early threefold in the latter period as
compared with the earlier. The mort
gages last month aggregated $3,015,432, and
the releases footed up $1,743,420.
Thomas Magee & Sons' Real Estate Cir
cular saj's:
Growth, of Business.
Lot en the west line of Douglass street. 32 feet
north from Twenty-fourth, 32x123 feet, $1000;
Jot on the north line of Twenty-fourth street,
13 feet west from Douglass, £0x114 feet. $1000;
lot on the north line of Haight etreet, 87:6 feet
•w«Ft from DeviFadero, 25xll2:C feet. $3000;
three flats and lot. 244-46-48 Scott street, be
tween Haieht and Paere, $S£00; lot on the east
line of Capr> street, 50 feet south from Nine
teenth, 25x^6 feet, $1S5O; lot on the west line of
fteiner street. 55 feet south from McAllister,
T7:6xlC5 feet. $3500; lot on the south line of Clay
street. 192:6 feet west from Maole. 27:6x127:8
feet, J1700; lot on the south line of Clay street,
220 feot west from Maple, 55x127:8. $3300; store
with flat above and lot, 27:6xS7:6 feet, on the
v.-*5t line of Howard street, between Thirteenth
end Fourteenth. $4000; lot on the east line of
Fillaore street, 55 feet south from Grove. 27:6x
JfiO feet. $3250; lot on the south line of Pare
etreet. lf«3 feet west from Cole. 25x155 feet, $2500;
house and lot, E17 Devisadero street, between
Hayes and Fell, $5600; lot 100x120 feet, on the
*ast line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 150 feet south
from S Etreet. J600.
Madison & Burke have sold for Joseph
Robinson 46x137:6 on the south line of
Bur-h street. 137:5 feet west from Powell,
to "William Helbing-, for $15,750. There are
old buildings en the property, which will
b" replaced by something modern.
F. B. Surryhne reports the following
transactions for the month of April:
Lot 2oxS0 with two new flats on «he east
fide of Tremont avenue, 620 feet south of
Frederick. $4750. sold by T. B. Draper; lot 25
xllf v.-ith cottag-e on the north side of Day
street. 150 feet east of Dolore*. price $2509,
Amanda J. Anderson to Nellie McCarthy;
Citizens' Building and Loan Society to Agnes
McLean, lot on the east line of Fourth ave
nue. 175 feet north of Clement street. 25x120,
J22.V); lot on the north Fide of Folsom street,
60 feet oast of Xinth, 25x90, to Catherine John
son, seller Emma Deminr, 54350; lot and cot
tape 16 Vicksburg street, sold by F. Heine to
John Mal.T.burg, fl550; to the Power Estate
Company, southeast corner of San Bruno ave
nue and liariposa street. 25x32 feet, I2S50; lot
on ttie sou'.h Fide of -Liberty street. .175 east
of Castro, 2Sxll4. sold by Henry B. Donner
to C. B. Kessing, J2300.
from Commercial, -trith two-story «Ln<l base
ment buiidir.g. renting for fl45 per month, for
124. COO; northwest comer of I Etreet and Eight
eenth avenue, 32:6x100, for 11*00; west line of
Nineteenth avenue boulevard. 200 feet south
from H street, 50x120. for $1700.
F.ovee. Toy & Sonntag have sold to El
bert Shinn of Butte County for $39,000 the
ranch of James Spear of this city, which
Is three miles north from Haywards and
contains C54 acres, of which 50 acres are
Jn bearing- orchards.- There are modern
bu:U!ingrs on the place, including a fine
j-r-=i<2ence.
Lyon & Hoag report the following sales:
7yr»Tiy Other Sales.
Baldwin & Howell have sold to H. Gut
zeit a lot on the north line of Mission
Ftrwet, 275 feet east from Fifth. 25x170,
and running- through to Jessie street, for
SSO.OOO. This lot was recently purchased
by the Emporium and Golden Rule Ba
zaar proprietors and has been resold by
them to Mr. Gutaeit, who will erect for
them a five-story and basement brick
building under a fifteen years' lease, com
pleting- the building now under way. The
same brokers report the following sales:
East line cf Battery street, 29:10 feet south
The largest Individual transaction In
city realty during the v:eek was the sale
by Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. of the
property at the northwest corner of
Kearny street and St. Marks place, for
£215,000. The seller Is Mrs. Mocker. The
property fronts 40 feet on Kearny street
by 90:6 feet on St. Marks place, with an
extra lot 20x30 feet Jn dimensions. With
in the week Shainwald, Buckbee & Co.
have sold properties amounting to nearly
half a million dollars. Among the
transactions of these brokers have been
the following sales:
East I'.ne of Montgomery etreet. between
Faerarr.ento end California. S5xfiS:9, from
Douglas S. Watson to the John RocenfelcTs
Sons Company for 136,000; 6outh line of Bac
ramento, CS:3 feet cast from Montgomery. 3*:t
X13T:6, from Henry Maile to the John Kosen
leli's Sons Company for 533.000; southwest cor
ner of Washington and Laiirel streets, 102.SVL
X137:«, for Henry B. Monroe for $12,000: south
west corner of Clay end Laurel streets, 6S:i
X127:8H. for J. ESssmann; seven lots on the
eouth line of Fourteenth street, between Valen
cia and Guerrero, for Amy C. Gilllg, at the
rate of $32 per foot, to Josephine Stroth. Anne
Oavanafrh. J. D. Stermaiui, Mrs. Frank Mc-
Quade and Evan Watts; east line of Zoe
Ptreet, 137 south from Bryant, 20x75, for Charles
It. Sylvester for J15C0; east line of ilason street.
*2 feet north from Poet, 18x55, for Benoit
I'lejrot. JiOCO; south line of Greenwich street.
300 feet •west from Filimore. 37:6x120 feet, JS5C0;
vest line of Second avenue, 175 feet north from
Point Lobes avenue, 25x120, J19G0; west line ol
Mason street, 22 feet north frcm Pine, 23x62:6,
$7000; north line of Sacramento street. S7:6 feet
*ast trozn M'eiaat. 25x102. J1S50: west line of
.Afhbury street. S33:6 feet south from Fred
erick, 2oxl3Q, J1500; eouth line o* Pacific ave
nue, £0 feet east from Pierce street, iOxlTTtSU,
IS6)P: east line of Treat avenue. 144 feet south
from Twenty- third street, 26x122:6, $1900; west
Jlne of Guerrero street. 1S3 feet north from
Twenty-second. 61x117:6, $60)0.
Transactions Are Many and
Represent a Large
Aggregate.
Realty Is on Up Grade
and the Outlook Is
Good. '
GROWING SALES
DENOTES DEMAND
25
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, a SUNDAY, ;^IAY 5, 1901.
• Executive . committee— 1>. A. Jordan. Deputy
Superintendent of Schools, chairman and direc
tor of the festival; Miss T. C. Stohr, secretary;
Selden Sturges. treasurer: ticket managers-
Miss L. T. Fowler and Dr. W. B. Howard, Dep
uty Superintendent of Schools. -.'. r . -
p~/.~ntion committee— A: L.. Mann, principal
of Denman School, chairman: aids— W. H. Ed
wards, principal of - the Crocker Grammar
School: A. L. Jordan and R. C. Daniels, Poly
technic High School; Mis3 M. McKenzie., prin-
committees and those having various mat
ters In charge were as follows: . ' •
nic and. Commercial High Schools. After
a spirited contest it was won by the Poly
technic team, composed as follows: Cap
tain W. H. Dement, E. Bonfleld, George
Freudenberg. A. Cuneo, J. Givens, J. Eg
gers and E. Strter. • •;;'-¦,
The 100-yard rare resulted .is follows:
Floyd Turpin, Lowell High School, fust;
Sherwood taffindor. Mission High School,
second; George Gray, Commercial High
S^hcol third. Superintendent Webster of
fered the trophy as the prize for the tug
ol war contest and gold and silver medals
Glen Park Is Thronged From Morn Till Eve. ;by School Children
> and Adults Who Participate in Colossal Programme That Adds
More Than $6000 to the Annuity Fund of the Pedagogues
ANNUAL CELEBRATION OF TEACHERS
ATTRACTS THOUSANDS OF ALL AGES
THE DAY'S DEAD.
•No returns.
B. D. Adamson.I ,..
Warren Gregory i '..
S L. Abbot Jr.. ;...
H. C. Golcher ......;
J. W. Byrne
R. Gilman Brown
Leonard Chenery. ;....
P. E. Bowles Jr :..
C. R. Wlnslow
C P. Pomeroy — ......:
Charles Christensen ...........
P. E. Bowles
R. VT. Mason ¦¦
COMPETITORS.
49
64
56
52
53
53
65
64
63
61
66
67
69
a: f- 2
3 8?
<• 3 ' -
» & :
I- ? i
* I • ':
49 54 103
54 49 103
56 52 10S
52 ' 56 10S
53 56 109
53 57 110
65 54 119
54 56 120 '
83 57 . 120
51 66 127
56 64 130
57 65 132
S9 69 13S
COMPETITORS.
a
o
c
3 '
C
-!-
OB iA
%¦ I
§• 2.
• a :
o -
c :
s
: &
Mrs R. Gllman Brown " 53 56 112
Mrs. H. H. Sherwood TO 67 137
Miss Florence Ives 77- 71 143
Miss Dolbeer 77 72 143
Miss Maud Mullins............ 74 77 131
Miss Wagner 83 74 157
Mrs. F. S. Johnson....: 81 83 164
Miss M. O'Connor 83 85 170
Mlss.C. CTConnor 92 8b ¦ Ii8
Miss Alice Hager * •'••
Miss Caro Crockett *
Miss Edith- McBean *
Miss Mason *
B. D. Adamson.I ,..
Warren Gregory i '..
S L. Abbot Jr.. ;...
H. C. Golcher ......;
J. W. Byrne
R. Gilman Brown
Leonard Chenery. ;....
P. E. Bowles Jr :..
C. R. Wlnslow
C P. Pomeroy — ......:
Charles Christensen ...........
P. E. Bowles
R. VT. Mason ¦¦
COMPETITORS.
49
64
56
52
53
53
65
64
63
61
66
67
69
a: f- 2
3 8?
<• 3 ' -
» & :
I- ? i
* I • ':
49 54 103
54 49 103
56 52 10S
52 ' 56 10S
53 56 109
53 57 110
65 54 119
54 56 120 '
83 57 . 120
51 66 127
56 64 130
57 65 132
S9 69 13S
COMPETITORS.
a
o
c
3 '
C
-!-
OB iA
%¦ I
§• 2.
• a :
o -
c :
s
: &
Mrs R. Gllman Brown " 53 56 112
Mrs. H. H. Sherwood TO 67 137
Miss Florence Ives 77- 71 143
Miss Dolbeer 77 72 143
Miss Maud Mullins............ 74 77 131
Miss Wagner 83 74 157
Mrs. F. S. Johnson....: 81 83 164
Miss M. O'Connor 83 85 170
Mlss.C. CTConnor 92 8b ¦ Ii8
Miss Alice Hager * •'••
Miss Caro Crockett *
Miss Edith- McBean *
Miss Mason *
Why ths Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
— — _--. - ' ' TVe ' answer the INTERNAL DRUGGING TO RUIN THE
• questions briefly.. If STOMACH.. The St. James treatment la
<S"~Qk you -cut an artery local, direct and positive.
/" *^5vv*»1^*% In your arm you do The St. James treatment Is prepared In
/ «V^^ft not take internal the form of Crayons, very, narrow
- fobs 'J&sSSMSr - medicine to stop the smooth, flexible and wholly soluble which
/ V^ *V*>OKSM flow of blood. YOU are inserted into the water passage at
W\ -•'¦¥ •/&$ USE LOCAL AP- night, where they dissolve and deposit tha
'TvflSvW ' PLICATIONS. Sim- medication in Its full strength upon tha
• .PV'v'wr . f ,: ilarly when the ure- Prostate Gland, contracting and strength
.¦.SBa^.'.-^/l' thral ducts become *n1nt: ¦ thp (liifts ¦ anfl FOREVER STOP-
•>(iv k^/JMH. weakened and re- PING DRAINS AND EMISSIONS and
'fflmr laxed it is ridicu- curing whib the patient sleeps.
-+Z&L^LJr7LllaJ!r i O us to take inter- -¦-.-' ' __ .
. . -¦ ¦ : . .%- ..- ¦ nal treatment, V a.FiCOCelP
Trhlch must pass through the stomach * aiiuutcic.
and urine before It reaches the seat of v»r»roc.Me Is an accumulation of slur-
disease. The seminal, ducts project Into pish Wood In the veins of the scrotum
the urethral canal through, the Prostate due polely to imperfect circulation, and*
Gland, and are easily reached by LOCAL has its oriein In a diseased and tonrtd
TREATMENT. . ••-«. • ¦ Prostate ..Gland. Operations In this dis-
n'r. w Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble ease are only temporary, and no me-
Boupries will, dissolve, digest and forever chanlcal device yet discovered has cured
remove . ' a single case. Gran-Solvent heals the
. T :¦ „ • . T>rc«tate and restores healthy circulation.
TTyAi nT5ll STPl PT11 PA " Varicocple disappears and the sluggish
. UreiHrdl OUltlUlO accumulation Is- replaced by puFa.
In 15daj r s,\ without; pain.' Injury or lncon- healthy red blood.
venience. The • bougies are , inserted at -Thousands* of men • strictured. weak
night and- act while you sleep. "Gran- wasting and despondent were cured and
Sojvent" removes every symptom of stric- restored ¦ by the St. .Tames method last
ture. leaving the canal as healthy as when year. A. vast army of men In -whom th«
nature formed Jt.- No BItUTALi CUT- iieht of life has penetrated the fearful
TING OR DILATING. NO INJECTIONS nightmare of stricture and seminal d»-
TO IRRITATE, THE MEMBRANR .NO ray.
- Space will not permit a complete description of the lncompar- KB B^ SSB PBB
able St." James Treatment in urethral diseases. Every, sufferer m M ,m ¦ !1^
from -Stricture and, its offspring. ;Prostatltis and. Seminal "Weak- fl m W jH B
ness should write to the St. James Asaociation. 250 St. James H— fi^ E*a Bm
Bldg., Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful illustrated work show- g™ gTs Mf" ¦*"
ing the parts of the human system involved In urethral all- H 0 g S a
mtnts. which they will send securely wrapped In plain package, H B H fm %—
St. James Assn., 250 St. James Block, Cincinnati, 0.
| and the Jjily f
\\ illustrate the difference 9
\ between Iai*<f and |
F ODORI/E65 I
A PURELY VEGETABLE PRODUCT. |
3 Animal fat may carry disease with it and be Ej
f,j urxlean and very indigestible. h
| Wesson's Odorless Cooking Oil is pure, |
i sweet and dean. It never becomes rancid. |
S It 5ocs twice as far as lard or butter! I
.1 Wesson's Salad Oil is far better value than I
¦ the finest olive oil and has the same flavor. I
; Ask your friendiy grocer for it. |Women of Woodcraft.
; Redwood Circle of the Women of Wood
craft will to-day unveil ; a monument , in
Holy, Cross! Cemetery erected over the re
mains of the late Neighbor Mary A. Fo- ;
ley. : The = ceremony .will 'take place at 2
o clock. in .the afternoon. . •
Mrs. Anna R. Cornehl has been chosen
clerk to fill the unexplred term of Mrs.
Jennie S. Clark, who resigned. The circle
will have a trolley ride next Wednesday
night. .._... ~
.A mission tobe given f by the "eloquent
and .'distinguished ft Jesuit missionaries,
Rev. Marshall Boarman and Rev.; Eugene
A..Magevney,- will 'begin, on Sunday, May
12, at St. • Charles Church. -¦¦¦
Blake. The" solo* parts will be taken' by
Miss Carrie Eulass^ Miss Nettle Blalte,
Charles^Taylor'and'Cecil Smith. : >.>
The forty j hours', devotion commences: In
St.*-' Charles Church- to-day with solemn
high mass at. 10:30 a. m.- Father McAullffe
of I St. ,-:Brlgld's wilU preach | this I evening.
Fiather Cantwell of- Berkeley- will preach
to-mcrrow. eveninK. -' , • -. v ",v ; ',,«»¦
¦ ' Rev. .T. • Brown of • the . A. M. ' E. " Zion
Church will preach this morning on "Thou
Hast the Words of Eternal Life'.' and in
the evening on "Christ the True Vine."
, The monthly musical service 'of Simp
son Memorial M.- E. ¦ Church will be held
this evening. A- special feature' of the
programme will be ¦, the - VBaal Choruses"
from. Mendelssohn's rendered bv
a large chorus under the direction of I. E
Rev. J. N. Beard of the Grace M. E
Church will preach this evening, on "The
Friend of Jesus.'.' - ¦ -¦ ¦ >
Tur Re^- '£u C - ? ane .,? f tne California-street
M. E^ Church .will preach -this morning
on "The Seed and the Soil" and in the
evening on "The Great Awakening."
Re^- S. D. Hutsinpiller of the, Central
M. E.' Church will preach this .morning
on " the ."House of God and Gate of
Heaven." , , ',' .. ,
Our Guest j Bev. : Woodward's Subject,
Rev. W. M. Woodward «f the-Epworth
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Our Inheritance" and In the evening on
"Our Guest."- , T
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity M
1 ?] 1 wlH P reach this morning on
the "Evidences of the Resurrection of
Jesus' and in the evening on "Christian
ity and Mohammedanism." -
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "The
Vine and the Branches" and in the even-
Ing on "Am I My Brother's Keeper?"
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E. Church will ' preach this
morning on "Love the Measure of Loy
alty" and in the evening on "Gain or Loss
— Which?"- -". ¦ - . .< .
"Adam and the Fallen Man" will, be
the subject of the sermon at the First
Church of Christ, Scientist, this morning
Rev. E. A. Woods of. the First Baptist
Church will preach this evening on "Jesus
as a Guest."
Rev William- Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Stilled Thunder" and in the
evening on "Goethe's Faust." -
Rev^Georee C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "In Remembrance of Me" and in
the evening on "Hold Fast That Which
Thou Hast
I T>? e^* . H -. H - Bel1 of the First' United
Presbyterian Church , will preach this
morning on "Sacramental Meditation"
and in the evening on "The Cost of Chris
tian Life. • ¦ . .
o Rev - "^1 c - Jenk «ns of the Hamilton'
Squ^ re .Sl. urch will preach this morning
on the "Three Curses." -
Rev. E^ H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
m^ui n f *?, n r WItn the Head or the Heart
-Which? In the evening "Victory, or
the Successful Young Man," will be bis
topic.
tt R h U E v I ? ll8 S an of Stewart Memorial
United Presbyterian Church will preach
this mornine.on "Kneeling at the Win
dows and in the evening on - "The Pres
ent Labor Troubles." • 1
The Present Labor Troubles.
A mass meeting will be held at the
Young Men's Christian' Association this
afternoon. Rev. Frederick W. Clampett,
D. D., rector of Trinity Church, will ad
dress the meeting. The services are open
to both sexes. Special music will be fur
nished by the Knickerbocker Quartet and
Secretary H. J. McCoy will preside.
A revival convention will be held by the
parish of the Advent in the Christian
1 >l c \ on , Cnurch street, near Twenty
ninth, to-day, to-morrow and Tuesday.
Interesting papers will be read during the
three days' services.- ¦ •
Rev Frank B. Ford, pastor of the First
Christian Church, will preach this morn
ing on "The Church" and in the evening
on "Free From Sin."
Mrs. G. B. Holbrook, wife of the,secre
tary of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, will occupy the pul
pit of the Second Untarlan Church to
night at the special invitation of the pas
tor, Rev.- Dr.- Dinsmore.- She will speak
on "Rights of Lower Animals.',' .The lady
is familiar with her. subject, having- for
a number of years taken a deep interest
in the doings of the society. She is an
interesting talker and her views on the
subject will afford' profit and pleasure to
the congregation of the well-known
church. Special music will be rendered
by the choir in honor of the occasion. •
Mrs. Charles B. Holbrooke
; Is to SpeakJFrpm v
a Pulpit;- '¦¦'¦': -/¦ :C
WILL DISCUSS
ANIMAL RIGHTS
The effect of tan, sunburn and poison oak
by the use of Camelllhe for the complex-
Ion. Indispensable for the mountains or
seashore. Indorsed by the medical pro
fession. At all druffgists. .._.
Ladies May Escape
port— Mrs. L. C. Vest, J. Vest, Theodore
Ells, J. W. Robbe, Archie Russell ami
wife, Mrs. E. J. Farrier. St.* Helena-
Press Rison, P.W. Suit. San Francisco—
C. R. Goodrich, A. J. Stimson.- F. W.
Fuller, George -P. Fuller, *K. M. Ham,
Fred Marriott and wife, C. W. Hibbard,
G. D. Hibbard, W. H. Cameron, Albert C.
Aiken and wife. J.Weill, Lee Haas. Kel
seyville—R. Bohls, Jack Edwards, C-
Pugh. Oakland— W. M. Dudley, F. Fred
ericks. Middletown— B. Herrick,- Earle
Valentine, J. C. Valentine, Mrs. E. Swartz,'
J. J. Hughes. Calistoga—N. Daniels, W.
H. Gillen and wife, Colonel Nash, T. Dun
can. Burns Valley— W. H. Turner, HJ P.
H. Haggitt. Eureka. Nev.— C. H., Gillen,
Mrs. Watklns, Miss Faith Watklna. .. '..-•
YOSEMITE— Among .some of the noted
arrivals at the Sentinel Hotel, Yosemite
Valley, are: William S. Warren, wife and
daughter, Chicago; Mrs. I. C. Parker and
child, Miss -Pauline Faller, San Francisco;
William Kennedy, William Lucas, Miss
Rupert, Bloomington, 111.; Miss J. Bur
nett, Pittsburg, Pa.; J. J. Nestell, New
York; F. M. Parker, Miss J. C. Parker,
Newark. N. J. : Miss Remington, 1 Provi
dence, R. I. ; Misses Brown, Wisconsin;
M. TokeyT Vienna; L. Honigmann, . Ger
many; Mrs. Ernest Morison, Misses Mor
ison, Baltimore; Mrs. J. M. Barker, .Wor
cester. Mass.; Miss. I. P. Bancroft, Bos
ton; Mrs. S. R. Edgar. Is ew York; H. H.
WUcoxson and son, Jackson • Wilcoxson.
Miss K. Rea, Maine; John Wensinger and
wife, Toledo, O.; Paul Waldman, Reading,
Pa. ; C. L. Cory, Berkeley; David: Scott
I and wife, Pennsylvania: 1 Charles Potta,
Media; Mr. and Mrs. Hubert L. Swift,
Chicago; S. Hogland, Stockholm; Mr3.
William Nufus, Miss Nuf us, Brooklyn:
Dr. Wickstrom, Sweden. . . ,
. CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS^-Arrlvala
at California Hot Springs, formerly Agua
Caliente Springs. Include^ W. D. Bush, A
Sylvester, J. R. Hutchinson, C. B.-New
man, N. E. Sanford, Mr. and Mrs. Gra
zier, Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Hensley, Mr. and
Mrs. S. M. Dickie and son. Captain and
Mrs. L. H. ; Turner and family. Mr. and
Mrs. Jensen, Mr. and Mrs. Nelson An
drews, Mrs. P. F. Johnson, Mrs. P. C
Warren, J. W ; Hamm, Mrs. Hearne. Miss
Hearne. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Rimes
Mr. and.Mrs.'D. H.\ Matson.E. M. Gor
don, W. E. Gsrmain. S. P. " Farron. - J. R
Price, D. L. Brewster/Miss Brewster, San
Francisco; Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Cllne Mr.
and Mrs. E. Orretfand son, John B. Eld
redge. Alameda; Mrs. TiJton and daugh
ter, Oakland; A. P. Lathrop. Miss La
throp. Miss Minnie Smith, Berkeley; J. L
Caldwell. Chicago; Mr. and Mrs. G. D.
Pratt, Mr. and Mrs. Adolf Grantz, Napa;
Charles, E. Walsh, W. A. Roney, O. C.
Newman, M. D. Arthur, S. A. Copper, J.
F. Collins. Vallejo. . PP '
HIGHLANDS— Dr. Gladding, the well
known physician of Berkeley,* who had
been critically ill at his home for some
months, has been at Highlands for the
past two weeks. Mr. and Mrs. H. O. Fal
lon of New York have been spending a
week while on their way through Lake
County. Mrs. H. S. Anderson of Oak
land holds the highest score for the ladles
at bowling, 171, and Dr. Skaife 217 among
the gentlemen. Mr. and Mrs. Haslett and
pr. E. Barry of San Francisco are at
Highlands for a several weeks' stay.
HO WELL MOUNTAIN— The recent ar
rivals at the White cottages are: Mrs.
Phil S: Beel, Mr. and Mrs. G. V. Nicholls,
Mrs. Slg Shlrek and son, Mrs. J. S. Hel
lingsen and daughter. Miss Katie Knaub,
ulrich H. Asman, Armand Schlueb, San
Francisco; George Miller, J. H. Adams,
Sacramento. • • •
IN SOCIETY CIRCLES
WJlHamson of New York, Miss Caro
Crockett, Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss Tlie
rese Morgan,~Miss Linda Cadwalader,
Miss Thomas, Miss Alice Hascer, Samuel
H. Boardman, Robert M. Eyre, George
Cadwalader, Clarence Follis, Harry B.
Houghton. E. H. Sheldon, Phil Tompklns,
Harry Poett, • Wlllard N. Drown and E.
C. Sessions. /
A most unique and successful entertain
ment was given Saturday, April 27, at the
• residence of Mrs. Henry Frohman, 3601
Clay street, by the enterprising little tots
who style themselves the Club of Little
Workers. The Droceeds will be devoted
to the purchase of a new flag for the Mad
ison School, of which the children are
members. The little people were all at
tired in quaint Mother Goose costumts
I and performed their i>arts so charmingly
! as to reflect great credit upon their presi
dent, little Miss Hilda McKean. The en
tertainment was cast as follows:
Sleeping Beauty, Rosa Frohman: Prince
Charming, Elsie Davis; Jack and Jill,
Mabel Kelly and Elsie Prefer; Hot Cross
Buns.- Junior Hendy; Little Bo Peep, Elsie
Shulz; Japanese maids, Elsa Frohman and
Margaret Hendy; Little Miss Muffin, Jen
nie Ryan; French minuet (dance). Rose
and Elsa Frohman: Little Old Woman,
Theresa Harrison; "Our Hired Girl" (reci
tation), Mira Frohman; Jack Sprat, Roy
Bradford; violin solo, Harry Hllp; coon
specialties, Loraine and Jewell Allen;
"Little Old Woman and I Fell Out," Cara
Kennedy; "Where Are You Going to. My
Pretty Maid?" Fannie Davis and Isabel
McManus; "Queen of Hearts," Mlra
Frohman: "There Was an Old Woman
From Dorking," Ruth Sonderup; "Little
Jack Homer," Elsa Frohman: "Floe's
Letters" (recitation), Elsie Davis; "Tom,
Tom, the Piper's Son," Alice Sonderup;
"Sailor's Hornpipe" (dance). Mira-J^roh
man; Mother Goose. Hilda McKean;
Father Goose, Walter Hilp. '
The Alta Whist Club gave a. dinner at
a downtown restaurant on Thursday even
ing in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Butler
Smith, who are about to leave on an ex
tended trip through the Eastern States.
A most enjoyable evening was spent.
These present were: Mr. and &Irs. B.
Smith. Mr. and Mrs. Hazelrigg, Mr. and
Mrs. Thornton. Mr. and Mrs. William
Murphy, Mrs. Spooner, G. Howland, Mrs.
Slccum and C. Slocum, Mr. and Mrs. Bolt,
Mr. Hills. Mr. F. Hills.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
given to Mrs. L. W. Kennett Thursday
evening. May 2, at her residence, 612 Stan
yan street, by Miss Louise Fisher and
Miss Myrtle Gayetty. There were recita
tions by Mrs. Henry Pritchard, Miss Jna
Har.sbrough and Miss Tryphena Pritch
ard. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Pritchard, Mrs. H. McKormick,
Mrs. J. Paulare. Mrs. L. W. Kennett,
Mrs.. Henry Care, Miss Ina Hansbrough,
Miss Louise Fisher, Miss Myrtle Gayetty,
Miss Tcyphena Pritchard, Miss Gladys
McKormick, Miss Gladys Kennett, M. L.
Hofmann, Henry Becker, Walter Case,
Will Jones, Earl Stevens, Joe Hofmann,
Rob Kennelia, Ben Horr, Harry Collins,
Harry Pritchard. Master George Pritch
ard and Ray Kennett. «
On last Tuesday evening at their new
residence, 2061 Alameda avenue, Alameda,
George B. Katzenstein Jr. and Miss Sadie
E. King were -united in marriage by the
Rev. George C. Adams. The bride was
attended by Miss G. Muriel Katzenstein
of Spokane, Wash., and George H. Patter
son acted as best man. The young people
were the recipients of many beautiful
presents.
A most enjoyable birthday surprise
party was given recently to Ed Gensler
at his residence, 771 Eddy street, by Man
nie Koplan. Those present were: Fannie
Crawn, Essie Kron, Flora Harris, Rose
Harris, Rose Edwards, Flora Edwards,
Martha Trenklin, Stella Ramon, Hazel
Miese, Lena Gensler, Ray Marcus, Lily
Marcus. Ray Burkman, Hattie Harris,
Mrs. Moses, Mrs. Gensler. Ed Gkmsler,
Mannie E>. KoDlan, Abe Baum. Harry
Markowitz. Ben Alfrild, Sam Cohn, Sam
Canther, Arthur Burr, Ben Sopra, G.
Trenklln. Jack Pinther, Herre and Mannie
Harris, F. Savaron and Jack Burr.
Several members of the Liberty Swim
ming Club visited the Lurline baths on
Tuesday evening last. Those in the party
were: Mrs. J. Christensen, Mrs. E. El
linghouse, Miss Hattie Schrlver, Miss
Josie Christensen, Miss Isabella Beach,
Miss Laura Cantus. F. A. Blaieslee, G.
E. Pearce and E. Johnson. - -
The ladies of the carnation booth will
give a progressive euchre party in aid of
the Church of the Holy Redeemer on Sat
urday evening. May 11, at Twin Peaks
Hall, co'rner of Noe and Seventeenth
streets.
The second annual picnic of the Nord
deutscher Frauen Vereln will be held at
Plittsville Park, Fruitvale, Sunday, May
Mrs. Walter A. Hofmann is stopping at
Mill Valley for the summer months and
has discontinued her days at home.
Miss Lena Jonas of 1412 O'Farrell street
has removed to 1727 Buchanan street.
Mrs. R. C. Jcnes and Mrs. L. W Ken
nett will leave this evening for their old
home, DeWItt, Iowa, to be with their
mother, who is very ill.
GLENBROOK— Recent arrivals at Glen
brook, Lake County, include: Ukiah— W.
Osgccd, E. H. Smith. H. H. Elliott. Lake-
> ..HE event of the week will be
— the weddine of Miss Moll'e
n 1 Thomas and Lathan McMul
11 * 1 len, which takes place at the
\^>«-X-^ home of the bride's uarents on
"' Pacific avenue at noon on
Wednesday.
Mfss Thomas and Mr. McMullen were
the euests of honor at a dinner given by
Mr. Greenway in the red room, of the Bo
hemian Club on Wednesday evening. May
L The guests, thirty in number, sat at a
round table covered by a canopy of haw
thorn Interspersed with colored lights.
The table was massed in pink and laven
der sweet peas. The name-cards were of
dainty design by Miss Maren Froelich.
the artist. Music was Quite a feature of
the dinner. Those invited to meet the
puests of honor were: Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Thomas. Mr. and Mrs. Georgre Mar
tin, Mr. and Mrs. James H. Follis, Mrs.
E. N. Morison. Miss Rebecca Morlson.
Miss Eleanor Morison of Baltimore Miss
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 5, 1901.
26
DERMATOLOGISTS.
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or scar. Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair erow on
bald heads. Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evenings by
appointment. Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29. S. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream, BOc; Brahman Tooth Powder. 25c. All
druggists. Large stock always at J. S. Potts'
Drus; Co.
Dr. & Mrs, TRAVERSE,
Sapphire and
Bon Ton ; .
Corsets, . ¦
$i to §15 a pair
Corset-Fitting
Parlors. •
Willie—Say.' papa, what 13 an "apiary?"
Pa— Why—€r— don't you know that? It's
a kind of monkey cage; place where they
keep tne apes.— Philadelphia Press*
-Deafness isn't the affliction to age that
It is to youth; & deaf aged '.person doesn't
miss, hearing many nice things. • -»
ROYAL
Worcester Corsets.
Fnench
Straight- .
Front ' •
CORSETS
Full Bias Gored
ADVEBTISEMZMTS.
O
Don't rush throuch life thoughtless of the
effect society's whirl Is going: to have on your
beaut}-. Look to it. or soon you will find your
beauty fadinc 'Without constant care even
treat Dersonal attractions fade and cease to
charm.
Mrs. Kettie Harrison Is the only permanently
saccersful Beauty Doctor on the Pacific Coast.
Ebe positively removes WRINKLES, PIM-
TLES. FRECKLES. MOLES. WARTS and all
facial blemishes painlessly and harmlessly.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
Lola Montez Greme
J)oes not peel «fr the skin, but removes the
cause of complexion Ills, builds up the tis-
sues, makes the skin healthy, clear and fresh,
therefore beautiful. 75 cents a jar, at all
druggists. ¦
4-Day Hair Restorer
Restores Cray Ha'r to its Natural
Color in four days. Pleasant to
use. Does not soil the hands or
leave any sediment in the hair.
IS NOT A DYE. SI a bottl .-.
T^ r* bt tt a One free application
|-> he I™* I"* » of the Hair
* * * *-»" *-»" • Rsstorer given Free
et my perl rs to all purchasers.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Permanently Removed by the
Electric Needle as Operated by Me.
TRIAL POT
Ladies out of town sending this ad. with 10
cents In stamps will receive a book of in-
structions asd a box of Lola Montez Crerne
and Face Powder FREE.
VISIT ME AND SEE WHAT
MAY BE DONE FOR YOU.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison,
DERMATOLOGIST.
78 Geary Street,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.. U. S. A.
SEASON I9OI.
fe kk£s\g± j N QVV Located at
y I JiMteij • 60 ary ST.,
" m^r W WWmrQfQ/ ' Between Kearny Street end «
I/MITPTIlinnA Grant Avenife,
ANI klTJNGCO. CROUND FLOOR.
BATHING SUITS
MADE TO ORDER.
WOMEITS Knitted Union Suits, alpaca trimmed.
'from $1O to $12
Jersey Suits— Alpaca trimmed, from. .?5 to 97.50
Alpaca Suits — In beautiful colors, handsomely trim-
med, from $2.5O to $9.OO
GIHLS' Knitte d and Alpsca Suits, from.
$1.25 to $5.00
MEN'S SUITS— New styles and fast colors, from....
..: 75c to $9.OO
BOYS' Swimming and I3athing Suits— Plain and' fancy
combinations, from .50c to ?3.OO
Bathing Shoes, Stockings, Hats, Caps and Handkerchiefs
in large variety. .
CATALOGUES MAILED FREE. '
We make Riding, Outing and Camping Legings.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
BUCHANAN BROS.
RRTTQHPQ FOR barbers, bak.
DAUOIILU '», bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewere. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
-p»v- F pc rich'
tM^S^vb Straight-
CORSETS
/^^?s^^ f uJ 'B' as Gored
/ ymP**^v^ Sapphire and
<*C^|||i^ $fto SI5 a pair
/^^vSIbK Corset-Fitting
/Ml " . I . ¦ Elegant ' aseort-
m%\ ' ¦ ft ' ment -. travelers'
in\ f> l\ ' samples at half
CHESTER F. : $RIGHTv
. 6 GEARY ST., cor; Kearny. ¦ :
- - *¦*"" ** A1SSL ¦» i-^i k h AM •^"¦v/B© y Gflr ClfifO X X*C &d & lette r iti q. Tvtpf f {^* 7 1» vsl
• I ¦ . . ' . - • ¦ ln^* now much/ grood one woman had derived from Lydls &• PinxJiain's H
Fatigue is the natural result Of hard WOrk but eX- y^ ss=ss^? Vegetable Compound. I had been sick aU winter 9
' haUStion results from Weakness ' " /rf&t&R&k^^K a WaS near * v discouraged, as the medicine the ;<]
£ Hard WOrk for a Weak Woman is traffic in flesh and if^^^^wv\\ plaint, leucorrhcea, itching, bearing-down feeling, H
H • It makes little difference What the field of WOrk is £\ ef?*P >e %'Hj/ me what to do. I followed your instructions, and H
H whether at home or elsewhere, if there is weakness work His** £>ea ave * a^ en nine bottles of Vegetable Compound fpj
pji a Vjttitio"c3 PYlmicf'in'n * lit VV' »**"im|. - . ~. #* fj auu used one p£tclcn.^G of s^b yytiv o Wown ynri oiib *j
jpj Ability to stand the strain of hard work is the Drivi- drfi$P>$s£0j^\hi ose sic** spells at the monthly period, but can If
H lege of the healthy and robust. wsliil^iwvi^ n, wor^ a^ 4^' ant * *^at I never could do until I h3
Eg How our hearts ache for the sickly Women that WOrk «^j 5-GrmE KEUPJffi^r Compound too highly. I do hope every suiferinir H
ffl for daily bread at some ill-paid factory employment 1 r \. v t woman w^ leam of your remedies and be cured @
n tt A' 4- ' 1 i. ' ""I • • as I nave -been. I wish all success to the Compound; it has done '**j
' H XlOW distressing aiSO to see a Woman* struggling with wonders for me and I am so thankful." — MBS. GENIE KELLOGG Bex- 19
Mj her daily round of household duties, when her back and lin Heights, Ohio. ¦ , - -; * pa
I head are aching, and every new movement brings out a "Deab Mbs. Tvskhan:— i wish to let yon know that Lydia B, M
El new pain I . • ¦ : *. ¦ — linkna.ni 8. Vegetable Compound has cured me of painful menstruation IB
1 I ? the mere^looking^on at these suffering/women 't^^lSSlti^^^^^^^^S^^S^ I
g touches OUr hearts, hOW hopeless must life be tO the WO- P° und enough, and feel that if all who suffer from female tr^bleswiSld H
H men themselves ? ' .'. . put themselves under your care and follow your advice they will find Ea
H Their devotion to . duty is a heroism which a 'well relief -~ MISS g - E - scholtes, Mt. Oliver, Pittsburg, Pa. ||
y Can these ailing, weak women who are called unoil raati 011 oi the womb and bladder, profuse and painful menstruation and t|
1 ¦¦•te'do Work which^ould-tire a strongman, be made to eee • .tatSeiledt ?%u 0^^ 1
| that they can easily and surely better their condition ? E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and, thanks to^onr^ndK^ I
i Will, not the volumes of letters from wompn- mar? a ?? di^?' ™^ J^ a lLJt£S}} ™ oma^ Your medicine is woman's best I!
I strong by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, '- ~ MES> K tow^e» n. h. |
g Convince them Of the Virtues Of this medicine ? " Deae Mrs. Petkham:— I write this^letter for von to blish f n
g How shall the FACT that it WILL HELP THEM be the benefit of poor, sufTering women. Lydia E. Pinfeham's vegetablo M
B made plain? ' \ bUl P ° 11 d^l lik C me & gTeat deal of 8°°&- I have taken three g
1 ; When a medicine has b»©n Successful in more than a medicine I was hardly able to be up, could^ot dcShalf a^ay^a work 11 ! M
m million cases, is it justice to yourself tosav withon+ trvino- at * ed from head to foot, was almost crazy, had those bearinff-down 3
I It, "IdonotbeHeveit.WOUldhelpme"? y S fefrme^nd^an wrrk^^rv'd 0^ 1 "' tT, N ° W I
a # , burely you cannotwisn to remain weak and sick and o&sxmlxj tmtAt^iAN, 403 Pennsylvania Ave., Lima. Ohio. U
n some derangement of the feminine organism* and Jjvdii fl 1-1L ''' ' ' ll Pctkhaji:- — 1 was sick for tj
I Ssur°y h a3HhZ e o g thS s bleCOmPOUndWiUielpy0UJUSt tB^SP^^^^f^^ 1
H Read the letters from women in the opposite column 11111^^ **"^ll^$ caus 6t °f n The d . octor my heart was tho 3
i ?U S ?. a P er ' a ?.^. Wn ® n y^.S 0 :..tO your, drug Store to buy. W%'Z& but^reTge? well SometunesI B
g tins sterling medicine, do not let yourself be persuaded to * - 1 /^M /y» would get so exhausted and short of breath, gj
B accept the druggist's own valueless preparation because it-" ¦•'•-^Vi to^ V thati would not know what to do. Mynerves m
h n vi&itJn B£FA Bci BF^£h £!—-*. ffl ft (9 L. *r*-r » mKnam s Vegetable Compound and feel well i
H H0 Woaftn BtmB B"^ & E$ B&nBfCN &mH t8 ' Oncemor e. I have gained twenty-seven pounds 1
ra 5^ JBaaBfl /Q^Sp), i^^^k K^ fa iHr A IO i^l «1 *° t 38 f ac * thatsome skeptical people have from time to time queetioEsd »"!
H fflF 1^ 0 P if H Rf fa HE Ka Hlfi^ Ba LJ' J 16 g^ me^? S3 *v C '-jy ie letters we are constantly publishing, we hava la
H oT^H » Jv «. \A j» to ftn^rwrwin wh« ««. -i,n!r««rE? 0 k W^ Nat » onal <&* Bank, of Lynn, Mass.. f 5,00^, whichwUl be Mid H
If yk, ,(fl» —.r" y , P 61^ 1 ! w &o can snow tnat the above testimonials are not canuine cr were Dubli3lied before obteiifn'».N^» H •
raf -*4flV 'My writers special permission. — Ltdia E. Pittbttam MlLDiciint Co Lvnn. •Ma^' "«*» (««u-™ wui VIJU1 ""Dg vca |
jj£tap7Z0A/&
|||rX Medicated
¦jfd Complexion Powder
«V \ not regnlcr featarea alone.
I (W make facial beantr. without a
J beantlfol complexion.
¦X roironl'«l»a «kln food; pro-
\ ¦ tecti, preterrei, remorei all
j 1 blemifbet and prerenti that
ehiny appearance to the akin.
- Contalna no lime, tine, lead,
f araenie or other injuriom anb-
1 ataneei ao common in cheap
\ . Imitationi. . 6am pie and -
<^^ Booklet free. Box BOc jfr*^
J. Poztonl Co. f f£**}'The Druids.
In the absence . of the district deputy
Past -Arch J! F.- Marinl ( on I last I Thursday
night installed ¦ the ¦ officers C of Manzanlta
Grove". This ¦ grove is in a good condition
at* this : time; and • the new officers expect
to make a good, showing during the pres
ent term: > The ! grove will have ¦ a picnic
at Sunset Park on the 23d of next June. V
.. Past; Arch A. -Armstrong, presided last
The National Union.
The National . Union Social . and LJter-
ary Club will give its next select enter
tainment under the patronage of the San
Francisco Cabinet on the evening of .Wed
nesday next, when the following excellent
programme =. will be presented: t
- Selections, S- to 8:20 o'clock. Sichel'e orches
tra, (a) "Coon Band Contest" (Pryor); (b) se
lection,:, "Chimes of : Normandy" (Planquette).
by request; "A Happy Pair"— Mrs. ! Constance
Honeyton. , Miss Edna H. Dudley; Mr. Ferdi
nand HOneyton, ; Morris Foster; time, the pres
ent; tolace. : Alameda. Character vocalist. A.
L Bentley (from the English stage); selection,
orchestra. . "Sunset". (Jerome K. Jerome). This
play has been founded, with permission, upon
Lord Tennyson's second ¦ and longer poem of
"The Sisters"—".* ¦ • ., • ¦ Never morning wore
to evening, but some heart did break." Char
acters—Lois, Joan (half sisters). Miss C. E.
Johnston, - Mies M. E. McCarthy; Aunt Dru
sllla, • Miss i L. - E. Hayes; Lawrence, William
M.'- Ogilvle; Azariah Stodd, J. C. O'DonneU;
Mr. Klvere (Lois' father), Roy B. Kay.
These • entertainments, given under, the
supervision of Messrs: W. W. Healey, B.
A-Kidd, ; J. N. Bunting and F. H. Has
tings,: are among the most popular and
interesting held under the auspices of any
fraternal » organization in this city, and
they , are ' deservedly attended by a class
of people'who "know. a; good" thing" when
they see ¦ It. ','•¦¦.:' ~ -. ¦-. .. - ¦ • .
At ' the session* i of ]'- the San Francisco
Cabinet held on the last Thursday in April
there '-was-- a -good -attendance and a num
ber of suggestions for the advancement
of ' the order , were offered. Senator Field
read a" letter, received from Senate Secre
tary Myers; expressing his ; high apprecia
tion of the • hospitality and < courtesy .< of
the National Union men of California and
San Francisco in particular. . ..,
The Macabses.
Golden ."West .Tent on last Tuesday, had
a; social- gathering in compliment • to its
degree team, which recently proved itself
the crackerjack In ' the ritualistic, floor
and dramatic ; work. There was a good
entertainment.- -• ?•¦- .
Owing to the inclemency of the weather
for several days previous to Mayday the
Maccabee picnic announced for that day
was indefinitely, postponed. Another date
will be fixed, of which due notice will be
given.- . ' -.- , • - '
At the last held review of San Francisco
Tent the members showed that they had
kept V on ? the move and Special DeDUty
Greenberg presented twelve applications.
The question of organizing a Great Camp
in California was discussed 'by State
Commander S. W. Hall and Past Com
mander Leroi. - It is probable that such
a camn will' be established. ' :
Fraternal Hive Is associating a number
of young, ladies to its membership. .A
committee was appointed at the last held
review to arrange for a social.- Lady >Ida
Leroi was presented by the hive a past
commander's pin in . recognition of . her
services to it. . . ' • .
The Eebekahs.
Mrs. Gusta Tichner, past noble grand of
Oakland 'Lodge, has been ' elected st dele
gate to yie^galifornla'A^iseriihly. ;
. Oriental Rebekah Lodge .had a Mayday
flora! festival In the; banquet hall of the
Odd Fellows' : building: last Wednesday
night.. The -hall was- prettily decorated
and the majority of members • wore gar
lands of flowers. There was a good pro
gramme of .dances, and those who dance
spent a very enjoyable evening.
The entertainment and drill by the San
Francisco Drill Corp No. 2 on the last
PYiCay. in April at Odd Fellows' Hall in
celebration of the • anniversary of .the
order < was a '¦¦ great success. The display
drill by the-young ladles of the corps un
der command of Captain Allie Parker
was as perfect as an organized body can
present the Intricate. evolutions of tho
drill., and .the. participants were deserved
ly : applauded, l There was a good pro
gramme of dances. '
jubilee' Lodge had an interesting casca
rone j party last week*that was well at
tended and "which proved a mirthful affair
for all 'Who took part. In addition to the
throwing of paper-filled egg shells- there
was a" cornet ¦ solo by Frank Herzog,
jockey-dance by Ernest Young, song and
dance by Jennie Metzler Urban, Professor
B. Brown, accompanist and lessons In
physical- culture. " The affair was under
the . direction of Mrs. Minnie F. Dobbins,
Mrs. Lizzie Stanton and M. Hoffman."
Mission Rebekah Lodge, under the direc
tion of Mrs.: Duncan, noble grand, Is doing
remarkably well at this time.
THE FRATERNITIES
fifth anniversary on next Thursday even-
Ing: by a grand ball in Native Sons' Hall,
The . Invitations are on maple "cards.",
. ' 'l '¦¦'¦' *} Order Eastern Star.
At (the 'last, meeting in] April California
Chapter, ha.d an* unusually large attend
ane'e- of member's and visitors, including
many of the latter -from!' chapters in the
East arid from "chapters in* various parts
of the State, especially from the south, at
tracted'to the.place'by thereports of the
enjoyable r meetings I : that this chapter
holds. /After ;the election , of nine candi
dates and the disposal of routine matters
in a' creditable business way/Jane Me-
Laughlin.ra member of the chapter, en
tertained-all present 'with : an interesting
description of her first experience at the
launching of a -vessel from Aiameda Point
recently/After the close; of the chapter
there was an enjoyable time in the lower
hall. -.The chapter is making great prepa
rations; for the reception' of the grand ma
tron on her official visit on the 18th inst.
Invitations have been sent to all -the
grand officers, and to the local and neigh
boring chapters.
Grand Matron Mrs. Maude E. Bowes will
pay an. official visit, to Oak Leaf Chaptei
on the, 9tn inst., to Mission on the 11th,
Unity-onthe 14th and King Solomon on
the 15th. -¦. : - •. . ¦ -• •' ¦
¦ Grand Patron Conant and Associate
Grand. Patron .'Dr. B.' A. -Plant attended
the twenty-ninth anniversary celebration
giver, by Oakleaf Chapter.. 1 -'.. ¦ :.
Martha Washington Chapter gave np px
cmpliflcation of the work on the last Tues
day-in April . before the grand matron,
J.Irtv E. -O.' Larkln, the matron, was ably
assisted by. Daniel McFadzean, acting pat
ron-for the -evening." 'At the close of the
meeting the visiting official and all pres
ent weie treated to a genuine Spanish sup.
r<-iv Among prominent visitors were Past
Grand Matron Mrs. Ella T. Hall. M. Ella
Bradley, past- matron ; of -Golden Gate
Ch&pter, and. Miss Hester E. Bradley, alsc
of that chapter. ¦¦ i ' , v -»-
, : The Odd Fellows.
The general relief committee of the I. O.
O. F. has chartered the steamer T. C.
.Walker for, trie ISth inst. in order to give
tV.'e ; members of the committee and theii
fntnds- an -opportunity to witness the
launching of. the Ohio. After, the launch
there will be a' trip around the bay.' The
steamer ' will leave * Washington-street
wharf:- at: 11 in the morning? and
will return-, at '4 o'clock in the' afternoon.
L«st week Brigadier General Browei
and staff visited Santa. Rosa, where they
conferred j the -.decoration of chivalry on
Lillian R.. Locke, Eva M. Simpson and
Frances I... Gamble of Petaluma, Lulu M.
Northrup" and Mrs. L.- G. Nay of Santa
;Rosa, and Mrs. T. : L.. Jackson of Colusa,
members of Rebekah lodges, for meritor
ious, service, rendered ¦ In behalf of Odd
Fellowship. "-.••--. -v -¦ - . • -,- ' ; .
- ¦ San- Francisco Canton, . at ' its last held
meeting." : admitted a' member ¦ by . initia
tion, last, week: - •;. ¦;;..;: . ¦'
. .Templar :I^>dge will have -work In > the
initiatory degree at its next meeting.
• Unity Encampment celebrated its anni
versary last -week by .a' banquet in the
Odd Fellows',. building.; .There were pres
ent a large number of : the members of
the, camp and those of Golden Rule En
; campmentv ••¦ of- 'Oakland I and' several for
other camps. ¦ J.J. Loggie was the toast
master and after the supper provided
had -been discussed called- for responses
to toasts 'Which were given. by J. W. Har
ris^ grand represenative; W. W. Watsoni
grand master; George T.' Shaw, grand sec
retary; .: A. ¦ ¦ H." Breckwoldt of the relief
committee, :J. E. Streightifi of Oakland
and District Deputy Phillips. There were
recitations by H. Ostoff and J. H. Broad,
specialties .by Harry Niemann and stories
by Al Steiner.-, . . ¦• •-• . ¦
The social, club of the Odd Fellows has
been organized for the purpose of giving
a variety of social entertainments during
the year. and to assist the friendship fund
of -.the relief committee. Those who will
have the management of . these affairs
are: A.* A. Friedlander, Fred Stowell," C.
F. Phillips, F. R. Webb and H. Newburg.
This committee will handle 'the excur
sion, on . the T. C. Walker and will turn
over the proceeds to the fund named.- -
•~^v N the last 5Ylday In April Mls«
'/ \V*^\ Laura J. Frakes,<' grand secre
./I \\ \y tary, 'was 'tendered a reception
IV \\ y at the residence of Mrs.- J. J/
\My Whitney,, U64 O'Farrell street,
— ' , by Dr. A. Florence Temple,
assisted by the entire member
ship of Darina Parlor, of which the doctor,
is a higrhly esteemed officer. The elegant
home of Mrs. 'Whitney was brilliantly"
illuminated and was mo^t tastefully deco
rated with living plants and flowers of
every hue. There were present during
the evening Lieutenant Governor Jacob H.
NefT, Miss LJllie O. Reichling, founder of
the order of Native Daughters, represen
tatives of all the local parlors and many
friends specially Invited by the hostess.
In \ the magnificent salon there , was a
flower-bedecked chair," to which was
escorted the guest of honor,: and after- a
few Introductory remarks' by Past Grand
President Mrs.' L. H. Mills she was wel
comed on behalf of those who tendered the
reception by Mrs. K. S: Lillie, who had
something to say about the high esteem in
which the .grand secretary is held by the
Native Daughters, not only in this city,
but of the 1 State. Then" followed a recita
tion by Bernice Morey and vocal solos by
Mrs. M. Kallochand Mr. Keller. During
the evening Miss Frakes was presented. a
bunch of beautiful roses from Miss Eliza
D. Keith, who sent a letter of regret for
not being able to attend. She was also
presented a bunch of nowers, sent by Mrs.
A. Mocker of Darina Parlor. Mrs. Whitney
was generous in her. hospitality and Dr.
Temple was most assiduous in her atten
tions to all. '~'~".~:.r- "'¦ • • -,' .
To-day there will be a joint memorial
service by all the local parlors In Native
Sons' Hall -at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
Last December Miss .Frakes. the grand
secretary, attended the beautiful memorial
service held by the Elks and became- so
impressed with it that she suggested that
the Native Daughters ought to- have a
service on the same lines. The subject
was broached by ex-Grand Treasurer Miss
Lizzie Douglass in Alta Parlor, with the
result that all parlors acted favorably
upon the Idea.
Eight new parlors have been instituted
during the current term.- .
Amapola Parlor of Sutter Creek cele
brated Its seventh anniversary last week.
Calaveras Parlor will give an entertain
ment and dance on the 22d inst. in aid of
its. fund for the relief of the sick. » a
La Estrella . Parlor . will celebrate Its
THE SAN FKANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 5, 1901.
27
Sunday at tha meeting of the Past Arches'
Association, when a number of new mem
bers were added • to the roll-of'member
ship. • The .association will visit Volt*
Grove ¦ on the 24th Inst.
Monte Verde Grove.; the local babysat
its last held meeting, initiated four candi
dates and will have ten for the next meet
ing.: ¦ - - ¦'. •• -..- ¦-•¦-.;. ¦ .. . ' :.'.'.' .
GalileotGrove will have Its basket pic
nic to Fernbrook Park to-day. ;. ' v «
: Deputy Grand Arch- Jules S. Godeau, ac
companied by : Grand Secretary . Graves
and L. -A. Wolff, ¦ Instituted a new grove
with twenty-six charter members at Gll
roy last week, 'when' the' deputy grand
arch, gave evidence of his knowledge of
the work, of the order and qualification for
the office of noble grand arch,' to which
office . he is ¦ In line for promotion. . The
Mayor of Gilroy, C. R. Chesbro, was elect
ed noble arch of the new grove/ A ban
quet and a, jolly ! time followed the insti
tution.. - ' ¦ -¦ .¦¦¦-,"•¦ •
- Guiseppi Verdi Grove at its -last held
m«etinp initiated four candidates and re
ceived four applications., d ¦ ';;,'
The new grove > at Holllster has elected
Dr. F. Nunez as its noble arch. Antone
Caldera its vice p.rch, Charles Hopcroft
secretarj-, J. S. Netty treasurer and F.
Pncheco conductor. > ¦/-"¦ ,, ' '
The ball given in aid of trje fund to!en
tertain the delegates- to the Grand Grove
wan a pleasant affair, and It Is expected
that it will be productive of a goodly sum
for the fund.' - - ¦ - ¦ ,
" The , officers' of Cypress and Petaluma
proves' will be^ publicly installed at Peta
luma to-morrow night.'
Native Sons of the Golden West.
The frrand president Is preparing his list
of deputies and arranging the committees
for the current Native Sons' year. ' The
announcements will be made In a few
days. .
The vlsltlnp board will hold Its first ses
sion In the latter part of June and ar
range a schedule of visitations during the
current > term. • y . *"..'¦¦ -. ¦
1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST.
Strictly tailor-made, plain stitched, or fancy, .trimmed,
the very latest styles, the best values ever shown, at $3.00,
$3.50, $4.50 and $5.00.
NOVELTY SILK DRESS SKIRTS
1-3 OFF FROM REGULAR PRICES
..................::. ...$400
DRESS SKIRTS.
$4.OO.
Our $5.00 Black Cloth Skirt, newest cut, with flounce,
lined with good quality Percaline, perfect hanging, cut. to. . .
Our $12.50 Brown and Mode Eton Suits, with or with-
out collar, velvet trimmed, newest style skirt, cut to. .$7.50
$7.5O.
stitched, some fancy trimmed, cut to ........ ... ...'. . .$12.50
Our $20,00 Tan and
Navy Blue .Covert
Cloth ' Tailor Suits,
Bolero, Eton and Box
effect, some tailor-
$12.50.
Our $32.50 Black and
Navy Tailored Suits,
Bolero and Eton ef-
fect, Persian Vest, en-
tire costume silk-lined
throughout, cut to .'.'.
..;..:....-. $22.50
$22.50.
lust a little better
' than any other train
—a little better service—
a more homelike
feeling on the
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
than you find elsewhere,
and it runs like this
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO
9 an Mon Tues WtdThur Fri Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
ON THE
SANTA FE
CALIF0RHI1.H0RTHWESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
-RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
Saa Francisco t» San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, S:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. E:10. S:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 i>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1^0. 8:30,
t:CO. 6:20 p. m.
Sam Rafael !• Sam Franelio*
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:5o
and 6:35 p. m. , .
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. »:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m. _ .
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen P*rk
same schedule as above. ¦_ .
Leave J In Effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [April 28. 1901-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
J:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 in 'Windsor. 10:25 am
V 6:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 ami 6:00 pm I Hopland 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
»:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 prat 6:20 pm
7:10 ami J 110:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 ami Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| ' - 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs ; at
Geyservllle for Skates Springs: at Cioverdalo
for the Geyuers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprings: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Spring?. Blue .Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknells,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr^s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Willits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. ' ¦
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. r .I '" ,
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of nee— 650 Market Street. Chronlcl*
Build inc. - :..
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains— paiiy.
• -'- Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd I Ovrl'd Local
- Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lr. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
"Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" VUalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4-45 a
•• Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a ........
"Bksfleld.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
"Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
"Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p '.:
a for morning, p . for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying- Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. ¦ Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No - second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.' dally.
4:20 p. rn. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist . Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. • also Palace
Bleeper. which cuts out at FresnoL 1 Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local.-, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m.' dally.
¦ - Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot.' - San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦ '"".-. ' '
f«Ci$l.00B6rYfiar
EAILWAY TBA VEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
1 Tialm lenrv »*tnl ar« «!•¦«¦ •• «rrl»« i%(
HA.S FttA s*:im <». . ,\ ; ¦'
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
tun — . . Fjlou Mat 6. 1901. . . — . irrivh
?:SOa. Benids, Sutson, Elmira, VaisrlUe, . .
Uumser uid bacrnuietito 7tS9r
7i30aD»tU, Woodl&nd. Knlfbti Lai ding,
Mki)iTiI.e. <<rovllle. 7:S3r
7:3O* Atlmntic i.ipress— Ocden and Fast 12:25r
;:iUi Port • ostt. M«rtL.ez. Preeuo, H»n-
ford, Vi»«JU, Vurter.Ue... ...... 4:33r
StOOk. M vtinez, &&u lUuiou. Vallejo, Kapa, - -
Calistcga &ud Sauia Itosa t):23r
6:00a KUee, Pleaeanton, IJvermore, Stock*
ton. Fresnat ilacford. Viulla,
Porterriile 7:S3r
S:SOa EhasU Impress— DarU, VViil) m»(for
Bartlett Sprines), Will ws, K»d
Bluff, Portlaud. 7:35r
SiSOa B»u Joie, Livermorr, Htucktou,
lone, hacrameuto. Pl» .»? liie, %
M»i7«T!!le. Cliico, ICfl II .It 4<25r
StSOA Ofckdklf, Chinese <Yoeejiite), . Ho-
nora. Carters 4:2Sr
9:00a Haywudi, Nilrcnd \V .y Stations. 11:53a.
ViOO a Los Angeles Expreu — Martinez.
« Tracy. Latin-, p. ty j item, Mercfd
> resno mn' Ix>s Anseles 7tXSi>
SiSOa Vallfju. Martiuiu «uU War Station! OtSSr
lO.-ttOA The OrerUud .jmited— Ogdeu, lien.
rer, Oiuaht, Chicago 6:03r
tl:OOr8&cr»meul»IUter Steamers fStORA
Z:3Or M*y WKrdB. Nilra aud Way Hutiom. 7:5Sr
•iioor Benicia. Wisten, baerauento,
Wouillaiid, KiiIicIiU jAUdlllS. : *' • '•
Marj-sriUr, Orudlle I 0:03a
4tO«r Martiuer, Han lUiuon, Tallejo.
Kapa, (ialUtota. Santa Itosa HiSSa
4t00r Niles, LiTermore. Stockton. Lodl... 1O>SSa
«>a«f Haymrda, Mien Ciaii.luae. IJrt rmora fStOSA
&:*t»T Tlie Owl Limited— Tracy. Stockton.
Presuo. BakenQelit, ttaugu* (or
bant a barbara. Lot At>K<-lt» 8:53 A
5:00f Kew Orleans Express— Bakenfield,
Los A ngii ea, D ming. £1 Paso. '
Kew Orie«ncand£aBt 7t95A
'¦¦ a,on r Tosemlt* 7:53a
er«»«r «ar«arda, Mies and Sag Jose I.Mt.
fO:«Or Vaflejo ...7.T.V..r.. :....-..:.. ..."... 1 1i»3«.
«:WUp Orieutal Mall— Ogden, Cttjenoe.
Omaha, Chicago I2:23r
CiOOr Orieutal Mall— Ogden. DenTer.
Omaha, Chicago ' €:2Sr
7:OOr Oregon and California Kxpress.Kao- *
riiiiieiitu. r.UrjRvlllr, Keil.lliiK,
r«il!«u.l. I'uget Hound ami ICast Is33a
StOSrSan Pablo. Port Conta, llartinez
and Way HUttoue 11 :53a
}8rO5p Vall«-Jo ¦. 7i»ap
COAST LINE (Narron Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
2?«4Sa Santa Oruz Excursion to aaota Orox
and Princ pal Way Stations {8:OSr
S:I 3a Newark. Uciiter<ilie,<Saii. lost, Felton,
1 Joui (1 er Or i:ek,Saul a Oruz and Way
Stations 8t30f
fStlSr Newark, Ceuterrille. Ban Jose, Kew
Almaden, Felton. Iloulder Creek,
Santa Cnrz and Priudpal Way
StaUous tl««i»«A
4tl3r Newark, But Jose. Lot Gttoi { jioIsoa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrtsiSK rtiKKSCO— Fttt tf airktt Strut (Slip I) —
17:16 8:00 11:00a.m. 1:09 S:CO BilBf.M.
rrtnOllUIt— rwUltrudatt.— td:OO \tM t8:05
10:00A.M. 12:13 .8:03 i:C3r.M.
COAST LIXE (Broad Gang*).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
6:1 Oa Ban Jose and WayHUtlons. «i8«p
47itt«A Haa Jow and Way SUtli.n* IiSOr
27i»Oa Sunday Exoirelon (or Ban Jews.
Banta Cruz. Podfio Orore and
Principal Way Stations. :S:30p
•tO«A Kaii Joae. Tres Piitoa, Santa Oruc,
Faeino tirore, balinis. San Loll
Obispo and Principal iotcnaedUte
Stati.rtia. :.....«..... 4llOr
1Oi««a Ban Jose aDd Way BUUoss-.^.... 7>Suf
/1O:3«a Kew Almadeu IT"" / O:SOl
I IiXOa Han Jose aud Way KUtlom ........ ' SiSOr
ta<4ftr Ban Mateo, Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Banta Clara. San Joae.
Trei Piooa, Sauta Oruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Grore 1I«i45»
>iS*p 8an Joie and Way StaUona 6:S0a
f«tlSr San Joseaud Principal Way Stations ViOa
t3:OOr6an Jose, Los Gatos acd Priudpal
Way BtaUona 1»:OOa
StSor 8an Jose and Principal Way Stations S:35a
diOOr Redwood, Nan Jose, GDr'y, Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Lot Acgnles 10:03a
•:OOr D«l Monte, ilecterey, Paafic Grore,
Loocpoe 10>03a
SiSOr Ban Joae and WayBtattoos 1»i««»a
Cl I i43 r 6ao Jo»e and Way Stations 7, i3Oy
? for MoniDg. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday czeepted. t Htwday only.
c Batorday only. / Tnesdays and Friday*.
AMUSEMENTS
ANOTHER BIG BILL!
Commencing TO-DAY, SUNDAY MATINEE,
; MAY 5.
The Latest European Novelty,
The Four Huntings
Giving an Exhibition of Eccentric Terpslchor-
. : ¦ , : . ¦ ... .... ean Art.
Zeb and Zarrow
• ' , Bicycle Comedians.
Patterson Brothers
. • • Triple ; Horizontal Bar Artists.
'.* \'}- The Famous i Equilibrist. :
Barnes&Sisson
. . Premier Comedy Sketch Artists. :
', The "HUMAN INTEREST' Comedian. •
Showing, Among Other Views. "The Last Pub-
¦ Ho Appearance of .QUEEN VICTORIA."
TWO OF THE CENTURY'S MOST POPULAR
. .- •• 'ATTRACTIONS. .
THE GREAT
AGOUST FAMILY
Who Demonstrate the SJclence of Jugglery and
' . . Defy the Laws of Gravitation.
¦ --^-And — •¦ . i . V.- -
Me Inly re and Heath
Presenting Their New and Original Success^
."The Georgia Minstrels."
Parquet," 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10 cents;
Children, 10 cents any part except reserved. A
few front Orchestra Rows reserved. 60 cents;
Front Rows of Balcony reserved, 25 cents.
qranlV opera house
mATlNEE~TO-DAY
' LAST" NIGHT OK
MR. BARNES^OF NEW YORK
Commencing MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
Grand Scenlo Production of a Romantlo His-
"SON r-'ORNAPOLEON"
FLORENCE STONE as th« DUKB DE
- ¦ REICHSTADT. ' - '. :
JACK WEBSTER as MICHEL LAMBERT.
PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c. A few seats 76c.
A good reserved seat in orchestra Saturday and
,' ¦ '. Sunday Matinees, 25c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
sl^rT G TTO-TNIGHT
ALL. THIS WEEK— MATINEE | SATURDAY,
. MR. JAMBS NEILL
AND THE NEILL COMPANY,
Presenting Augustin Daly's . Amusing Comedy
Success, ., ¦ • ¦!
"THE LOTTERY CF LOVE"
c nr mil popular matinees every
jrtllAL THURSDAY.
r,.-~*Z?r~. PRICES....... 25c and Mo
EVENINGS ....25c, S5c. 60c. 75c. $1.00
SATURDAY MATINEE..... 25c, . 60c, 75c
Next— Sunday, May 12, to greet' the nation's
President. "BARBARA FRIETCHIE." 8eats
ready Thursday. v
BELASCOAMaTHALLSr,^^
, 1 ; .™ mtsxcnrruu ,
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.'
TEN NIGHTS IN A BAR ROOM
Pronounced by all a great performance.
nnifCC EVENINGS...... lOe, 15c, 25c. 85c, 50c
I AltEj MATINEES........ ....10c. 15c. 25c
TO-MORROW (MONDAY)— All next week.
Magnificent Revival' of
"The Octoroon"
. 'V-^The , Big. Production ,of , the . Season. ¦ i
Plantation rcenes, buck and wing dancing, eta.
MATTNEB TO- DAY, SUNDAY.
¦ ¦ ¦ TO-NIGHT. ¦
THE CENTURY SUCCESS! J
y ¦:. ¦: ¦ ¦,XH_1B V , ¦;"'.:: ::• ¦ ¦
GONQUERORS,
. Tb-morrbw Night, ; Revival .by Request.
"friends;"
Tuesday Night and Balance . of Week. '
"THEt CONQUERORS." '
,'. '.. '¦'¦'' s Pricea— 15c, '2Sc,"aSc. 60c" ¦
C«TCr;iJC'O»C CONCERT HOUSE,
f 1O yil £in p Admission 10c. v v i
Belle. 'Wilton,- Evans.' Devees and' Evans.
De Boe, Murdock • and DeCamp. . G. S. . Wan-
rell, . Maybelle • Bowman ' and , the : Golden West
Trio. 1 --?- : .-- "¦ V ¦ ¦--".¦.;/'-- ," ; \ •-.' -..-¦• ,; i
. :." Reserved 1 Seats, ¦ 26o. , ¦ Matinee . Sunday.
VU gtauUu Fny— WtH «f Vwkat St.
•*•*« •»« run. mnivf ««fi I m*«.
£g£ £1 WEEK DATS J ZMZZ
6.-00A. m.-J fl2:15p. m.
9i)0K. ai. I 1:15 p. K.
L°Sl-£} 6UKDAV3.....J •»££
1:30 P. M . 650 P.M.
230 P. M.J I 7:10 P. at
».- *. J'^ 6 ** ?raMli «« *» BwMBlt »o4 S*tnrn. tl.iO
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SanaalUo Perry.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Weak Men and Women
strength to eerual organs. Depot, S23 Market.
ARE YOUT^B UFFALO?
Great Wabash R. R.
HAVE
4 FIRST-CLASS TRAINS A
JL From the West Direct JL
To BUFFALO and
EASTERN POINTS WITHOUT CHANGE.
Ask Your Agent About the
WABASH.
C. S. CRANE-. G. P. A., *.
St. Louis, Mo.
ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. A.
• Lo« Anselea. Cal.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 28, 1J0L
FKOM BAN^RANCISCO^Mn.L VALL*T
WEEK DATS— «:55, 8:80, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.
12:46. »1:45, 8:15, 4:16, 6:15.-»6:16, «:45 p i. '
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Va!!ey MdSan
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdavm
and Sundays at 9:80 and 11:40 d, m. y .
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, 'SM, »l0:00, U:00 11-30
a. m., 12:45. »l:30, 2:30. •3:45. 6:00, «:00. 7:30 p m.
11:00 a. m. doe% not run to San Rafael Sua-
¦ Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. ¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25, 6:27/ 7:47, 8:35 10-U
a. m.. »12:26, 1:15. 2:20. 'S^, 4:40, 5:80 p m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. - •'
• SUNDAYS— 6:15, »8:00, 9:45. 'llcOO a. m "M
m., -1:00. 2:15, 'S^, 4:30, •5:45, 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m. %. '¦..-• • '• • '
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.-
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5M5. 6:45, 7:55. . 8:55. 10-30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45, 8:60, 5:10. 6:20 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays'
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35,-8:00, 10:05. 11:10 a>m.. 12 ; 1J
1:20. 2:30. 8:45. 5:00, 6:15, 7:15. 16:30 p. m. . , '
• THROUGH TRAINS. '
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦ . ¦¦-¦.'• .... ¦ >
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way ita-
tlons. ' • ¦
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and -way stations. • • . '.-••,
¦ 8 a. m.- Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyea and way
stations. - . ::¦-,-. , .. '. : , ¦ . . .
AMUSEMENTS.
*Ti¥OLJ*
"And This IsJJo Fairy Tale"
MONDAY~lWY 6th,
FIFTH AND FINAL WEEK.
One ' Hundred and Twenty-three Perform-
ances at This House In All.
GREATEST SUCCESS EVER KNOWN!
THE
IDOL'S
EYE
"HOOT MON!" x^;
This Week Positively the Last!
Get In Line Before the "EYE"
1 Ceases to Shine.
Hartman and Wheelan as "Abel Conn"
and "Hoot Mon."
PAUL STE1NDORFF. Musical Director
Monday, May 13th,
FIRST PRODUCTION IN THIS CTTT OB 1
"THE TOY-MAKER."
Erenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Popu'ar Prices 25c and 50c
TELEPHONE— BUSH 9.
FIFTH ANNUAL
Bench Show
DOGS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
May 8, 9, 10, II. _
COMPETITION OF THE GREATEST PRIZB
. WINNERS OF THE EAST AND WEST.
XLJj ' THE NEW YORK CHAMPIONS!
PERFORMANCES BT TRAINED DOOS.
*.+:] - r 'p OPEN FROM 10 A. M. to 10 P. M.
ADMISSION. 60c; CHILDREN. HALF PRICE.
" • SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB. .
J. P. NORMAN. Secretary.
;; w'™««n
UULU8WPBM IEAD1N8 THEATHE
iS^fe TO-MORROW
C l\ t^ James A. flerne's
hj/lL VJ Keaatifol Play;
HARBOR
A STORT OF HEART AND HOMB.
-. !Tba moot cheering play of the year."— CW-
' MLgo Tribune. ¦, ' .
-"Better than 'Sbor* Acres." "— Chicago
Times-Heraia. - - ¦ .--¦¦-
1 , THE ORIGINAL PRODUCTION INTACTt
ALHAMBRA.
BEGINNING SATURDATr NIGHT. V. .MAT : 11
...... -.. onl y MATINEE STJNDAT.
• Limited ' Engagement of the
M COLUMBIA XT
INSTREL COfflPAN I
M Black-Face Artists— Sing- ft A
ers, Dancers. Comedians, kll
Vaudeville Performers. U U
r- LARGEST ORGANIZATION IN ¦ EXIST- -
: ¦ ..^;vi --=.-..,.- ENCE.- .' .;•-»• ,..
• PRICES, :10o. -25c. and" BDo.' Seats ready • at
the .- Theater.- and ,- Emporium - Monday Morning.
CITY *
Dry Goods
m
Company.
UNION SQUARE.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and StocHon Streets, San Franoisco.
CURTAIN DEPARTMENT
rrjirPB a j Q
250 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, In neat patterns.
Hegu:ar value at $1.50.
Special at $1.00.
200 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, In real lace effects.
Regular value at $2. 00. V
Special at $1.50 per pair.
100 pairs CLUNY LACE CURTAINS, made en first quality
cf bobbinet Regular value at $4.50. .':: '-..:?:':
Special at $3.50 per pair.
200 VELVET RU3S, size 3 feet b7 6 fjet, in rich color-
ings and the latest designs. Regular value $4.50.
hpecial at x $3 5o each.
Broken lots of CURTAINS from Ian week's special sab In two,
three acd four pair lots at still greater reductions.
Complete assortment of COUCH COVERS in handsome Oriental
effects from $2.75 to $10.00 Each.
. Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Filled.
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
ADVEB.TTSF.MKNTS.
High Grade Tailor Suits
GUT PRICES
+" '. ' ';¦ — — ' — ; — — — — : . — —
GOLDEN GATE CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE 1
EAILWAY TEAVEL.
AT
\<DHICAGO I
to LESS <*m
THREE DAYS
So* French* At 10 A. M.
Chicago. Union Pacific
& North-Western Line
T~\OlfBLE Draxring-Iloom Shifting
I J Cars. Buff *t, ' making and Library
-*— * Cars, ait* b*rb*r. ui' ing Cars—
meals a U cart*. 'DaQf Tourist Car
Strut* and Pmrsonallf Conduced Ex-
cur notes ewty vuth from San Frmnnseo
ai 6 p. m. Ths bsst of svirvthing.
H. It. HtTCHIB
6T7 Market St GenarcU U*aa raetjte Om*
Palact SoUl tJLS J3MJ/CISOO
AivrrrRTrM KNTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
Sunday - - - - - -':.- May 5.
OPEN
AND
Sapliflg_Stakes
144 NOMINATIONS— 144
$1000 S: $1000
TRAIK BEKVICB.
Leave Third and Townsend itrMts 10:13
a. m.. 11 a. m.. 13 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets fir* minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. -m. and after the last
course. Saa Mateo electric can «t«t ttx
minutes.
ADMISSION 25e7"~" LADIES FBEE.
OL YMflA vSSif fe»
THS ONX.T 7RE2 VATJDiiiv i I.iTjB HOXJSJS
XN THE CIXTt
DAVE BARTON,
.Vauderllle's Most Original ™t»Hiitw
B. D. BBNTLBY,
The Koted Musical Artist. I
CLAUDIE WARD,
X Btnginr Soabrette of Surperata* BeaatT.
AUD OUR CELJEDHRATED STOCK COMP ANT.
. MATTNKH . EVERT SUNDAY.
—AMATEUR ' NIGHT EVERT FRIDATv— -
r ADMIS8ION' TKEBJ.
CHUTES and ZOO
•
*BVERT XTTERXOOX A2»l> BVISXINCL ,
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LEAD MiYjJhe Giantess.
COMME N CING TO-DAY,
FORREST SEABURY,
Tba World's Champion High DItbt.
Tdepbao* for Seat»— Park n.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
SPRINT Q MEETING — Opcniaj; April S3.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUJ5.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Badng Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each ¦ day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and S p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. - Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and " Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all tralna via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. Thedfe electric cars
go' direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
SUTRO BATHS
1X7ILL N OPEN NIGHTS
ON ANJ> AFTER
SATURDAY; MAY: <U 1901.
HOTEL**
. Vlsitora to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-*
' Joy . comforts and . conveniences not to
: be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequal ed
cuisine. American and European plan*.
*GRAND HOTEL-
gj Get aboard in California — get off at Omaha, Chicago,"" 5 - B
K Kansas City or St. Louis. ' i
I There 's the whole story of a trip cast with one of the - ; 1
g Burlington y
I Overland Excursions. I
I No changes; no delays; no bother about tickets or bag- I
1 gage; porter to do your bidding; experienced excursion |.
g manager to look after you; fast time; finest scenery on the I
H I ¦ I . From Los Angele* Mondays and Wednesdays; San Francisco. 9
.. §3 I** #-jLurvH Tuesdays and Thursdays. Tickets and j berths at Southern Pacific jl
F I PfHlffi^fy il i H ticket offices or by writing _ • ' H
p |^74r™H| W " D " Sanbora » Gca ' 1 Agent, 631 Market St., San Francisco. iTHE SAN rKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 5, 1901.
28
CLAIRV.OYANTg— Conttnqed.
ISMAR THE GYPSY. .' ' - ' *
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible - were It not for a lack of fore-
sight' into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied In life, consult ISMAR, for she is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb in. thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. - ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, . at her office, 1148
Market st.. opp. Sixth. By mall three ques-
tlons answered, $1. Full life reading. $5.
MME. M. BERNARD,
_ " THE FAMOUS .' . .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third et, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcom
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. ££_
MME.' VALEEN. removed to 1027Mi Market st.
palmist and life reader, psychic- and mag-
netic ' healer; . cures diseases and- habits;
teaches how to influence people and be suc-
cessful in love and financial affairs./
PROF. MOSS cures you -without -medicine or
knife; locates disease without > questions: as
a healer, • life-reader. - palmist, phrenologist
medium and teacher he has no equal in this
country. Located at 26\i Kearny. st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading- ; ladies 50c.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
"WONDERFUL clairvoyant: what he tells comes
true: send 10c and birthday. PROF. JOHN
MYERS, Lincoln Park station, Chicago.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st, cor. 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c. 1S2 Sixth St.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy: palmist; card
reader; 25c up; leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken: tel. Howard 1340.
MME.- SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st, bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st
CARPET. BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIKG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH A CO.. Carpet-beating Works; prices
reasonable. -1703 Harrison ; tel. Howard 2351.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146. t
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; teL MUslon 74..
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944..
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatfnar Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ¦:. .
CAPE NOME.
PARTIES having claims on Gold~Run~or~Blue
Stone, Port Clarence District, to let on lays
can be accommodated Rt. Cape Nome Ticket
Of flop. £34 Market st. Apply at once.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lesw successful. Ro?m 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A SUNNY cottage of 4 rooms at 659 Noe st.,
near Twentieth; rent $10.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath. 23 Bylngton .st,
bet. Flllmore, Webster, Ellis. O'Farrell.
DOUBLE cottage; furnished; 8 rooms; near
park; large yard." Box 3683. ' 'Call office.
DENTISTS.. ..
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC? 809 ilar^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
¦ have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
?3 E0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 1C p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHKR, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for besl crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions' or fillings by my
wonderful secret, pa'nless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; ¦ advice free; prices
cheapest and < guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
A— NEW unbreakable plate, . the Rose Pearl,
wan-anted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
EOc; plates, $5: full i,et; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL,'1H3 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: e-tractlng, Kc; gas given.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk st, ccr. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filling; no hammering
as before; absolutely no pain; call inves-
tigate; examinations free. Ideal Dental Co.,
6 Eddy St., rooms 44 and 32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor.' Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.81531 Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;p!ate8 $5 up:phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. V. Painless extraction.
EOc. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission ot, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Palnlesj.": evenings and Sun-
• days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. • ,
BET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; oountry orders prompt
attention.' 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL..
GALLA^HER^MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
B. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, Ian-,
guages. telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
A night sessions; new 80-page catalogue . free.
PRIVATE instruction In the English branch-
es by teacher with several years' successful
; experience; terms low. 19 Glen Park ave.,
near Howard and Twelfth sts.; tel. How-
. ard 2455.* ¦-.¦*•'
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st— Day
A eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc. ; life scholarship, $M;. individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM an accredited preparatory
school for the .university, law and medical
. colleges; references. President Jordan or any
. Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates.- 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, clec, mining,— ech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; clay. eve. ; est. < 1884. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cieco Business College. 1236 ' Market ct...
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short,
time. TARR. cxp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,"
Parrott bids.: Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils in all branches In
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
EOc. Box E. Call office.* - : ¦ '.'-' .:
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons, > 50c. W. P. CHAMBERS, 244
Taylor st. . . < ' ¦ .-
BANJO and guitar; Farland technique. R. T."
ROSS, 514A Jones st. ; music furnished.
PROF. MERKI from Parts, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st ¦•-:.':. \
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve:; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH lessons given by a native , Spanish
teacher. E13 McAllister St. " '
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor~Supply~Co., 24 Montgomery
- ave., tel. John 14?1. will supply labor free of
- charge; specialty - of - railroad ' help, farm
hands, miners. , gardeners, fruit pickers, etc
JAPANESE Employment Office and/ House- ',
cleaning • Co., beet help: send men' at short
notice. U25 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel, Larkin 2391.-
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
$760— A NEAT barber shop ot 6 chairs; beat
. central location; Inventories more than Bell-
Ing price; owner's time otherwise fully en-
gaged; snap. for the right man. '
, $1000 — A fine candy store; business sacri-
ficed -for a quick sale; good paying lnveat-
ment; heart of town; see It at once.
$750— Delicatessen store; a snap. /
$1500— Private boarding and lodging-house:
19 rooms; owner going away. ¦ .
GEORGE TV. AUSTIN & CO..
*/' . 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
BEFORE you Invest another cent study the.
plan of the American Exploration Co., 1413
. Call building. . -
A GOOD laundry route for sale; bargain. Boa
369L Call office. •
GOOD saloon, near city; bargain. 412 Exam-
iner building. ' '
FOR sale— Wood and coal yard. Inquire 1685
Howard st. , ... '
FOR sale— Merchants" lunch house. Box 3667,
Call office. . .
LADT with small capital to invest in lodglng-
house. Call at 88 Third St. -
FOR sale — Restaurant; closed at present; good
paying place; cheap. H. SCHWARTZ, 1 Mkt.
BUSINESS proposition; grocery and saloon
doing fine business in central location:, also
flat of 5 rooms over grocery store; rent reas-
onable: call and see owner. E. CLEMEN-
SEN, 3198 Adeline. Lorln. Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; com-
plete; will seat 60; downtown location; closed
on account of sickness. Call 9 Drumm st.
between 9 a. m. and 3 d. m.
FOR sale — Well established corset agency; rare
opportunity for energetic business woman;
bargain; good reason selling. Box 3058, Call.
LARGE and profitable ngency for San Fran-
cisco papers in interior town for sale. Ad-
dress box 3021, Call office.
SALOON— South side of Market st; clears $lo0
/to $2C0 a month. Box 3023. Call office.
$160— PARTNER wanted ; saloon, 640 Commer-
cial st., second door from Kearny; rent J20.
SHOE shop, with or without tools. 427W
Fourth et. . .
FOR sale— Carpenter shop, with tools and stock,
at low price. Call after 6 p. m., at 443 Third.
FOR eale — Good saloon; cheap; proprietor goej
to Germany. Box 3738. Call office. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL.... . ¦
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
6-room flat on Halght... $650
100 rooms; clears $400 ..' 7003
¦ S2 roomsj clears $200 2<XX
16 rooms; on Powell..... 650
. 26 roorfts; on Kearny ."." J600
14-room boarding-house 1450
21 rooms; offer wanted.. 900
10 rooms; rent $27 50 350
22 rooms; rent $47 4&<)
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient. 1000
10 rooms; on Eddy St., near Market 600
1$ rooms; on Third st. near Market. 550
14 rooms; on Mission st 550
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of, Market; clears $200.... 2000
27 rooms; Just finished: very fine 2600
20 rooms: on Geary st. ; clears $135 2400
S-room flat; sunny side 700
506 other houses. 3 to 7C0 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FRKTC. PHONE MINT 7P6
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Sth.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~~ ~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone BusTi 828.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all s-izps and prices.
26 rooms; corner; money maker; reduced.. $1400
I s ? rooms; cor.; good furniture and carpets. 900
100 rooms; one-half cash, bal. 8 per cent.. 1500
24 rooms; rent $130; elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm, and trans 2650
15 rooms; choice repldent part city; ele-
gantly furnished: upright piano; modern; '
% cash: reduced to 1050
S3 rooms; office 1 ; clears $100; '2 entrances.. 2000
8-room modern flat; well furnished 450
16 rooms; rent $50; mixed furniture 1000
50 rooms; 2 entrances; good furniture, car-
nets and location; always full; clears
$150 3500
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
8 rooms; well furnished; good location.. $200
9 rooms; N. Market st; worth double.. 300
18 rooms; fine corner; must sell; departure. 950
45 rooms; corner; down town; select: cash 2000
55 rooms; cheap rent; most desirable 2500
102 rooms; best money maker in city 5500
118 r. modern house; good cor.; make offer.'
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market St.
MARION GRIFFIN By Call Bldg.
719 Market st. : money to loan; tel. Black 1S03.
11 rooms: rent $30: death of owner $300
14 rooms: rent $45; full; paying 700
15 rooms; corner; pay In Installments..: 85")
62 rooms; one-third cash; rent $135 .3250
103 rooms; elevator; offices; income $1200.. 6590
27 rooms; velvet carpets; oak and cherry;
a very elegantly furnished house.
23 rooms; rent $60; paying lOOfl
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $70 mo.; men.. 900
85 rooms; a very central house 3600
! FISHER & CO., 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
4S rooms; north of. Market; only $1600
29 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; only... 1200
22 rooms; rent $45; bl_ snap....'. ' 450
20 rooms; Market; rent $50; apartment 700
20 rooms; Eddy: part mortgage; make offer.
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
A HOME 6 rooms, finely furnished, including
piano. $»25; rent $16. FISHER. 935 Market st.
ATTENTION BUYERS! ~~
. You may. buy any rooming-house in
the city, and pay for It, '
in monthly payments
from the profits .
- of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2. No. 917 Market st, opp. Mason.
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market st .'.'.'.
15 rooms ..:... $750 26 rooms $1600
10 rooms 300 62 rooms 8200
51 rooms 2800 1 27 rooms 2300
18 rooms 800 15 rooms .;. 1200
24 rooms 850 1 18 rooms 1C5O
18 ROOMS; Mission st; rent $60; price $725
12 rooms; Mason st; rent $45; price $750.
35rooms on Howard; rent $80; price $1000
ISroomS on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500*
13 rooms on Eddv st; rent $58; price $650
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st
35 ROOMS, rent $80; receipts about $200 $860
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $35 per month 650
$300— Lodging-house, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent; water free; pays good profit HORN
SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
ROOMING-HOUSE, 3 blocks north of Market
from Sixth st. ; compelled to sell; $1250; rare
opportunity: no agents. Box 8080. Call office.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodging houses. ' ¦
$2000— ELEVATOR; house 60 rooms; low rent*
best location; rare bargain. Box 8028. Call.
FOR Sale— The furniture of a 7-room lodglng-
house; good location. 1315 Stockton st.
TVAXTED.
WANTED — Flrst-class rooming-house with
good reputation; north of Market st Box
8070. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
C. E. WHEELER answers sealed questions,
reads flowers ; business advlceT come and in-
vestigate for the good and truth of my work;
circles every evening. 305 Larkin st, corner
McAllister, rooms 87 and 88; developing circle
and class; full explanation; admission 25c
readings daily, $1, 10 to 4 p.m..
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY— , '
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer, removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough: Ellis-
st car; sit. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
AFTER a' severe Illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
wcrld-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs In -life; lawsuits, divorces,, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed.. Frl. eve.; . letters answered.
Resid. (no signs), 513. Eddy. b»t Hyde- Larkln.
MRS. LOUISE " S. DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln
st. ; tel. Howard 2711: hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. MARQUISE— Business, test medium'
spiritual healer: sittings dally. 1126 Howard.
EARLE, 622 Geary St.," telephone - Polk 1297
Readings dally; seances Tues., Thurs. A Sun.
MMB. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. . 146 , Eddy • st. ¦
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 33B McAllister— Mrs. C.jT
Meyer:'slttings dally; tests to all to-night: 10c.
j : CLA1RVOYAXTS. -V \
MR8. ¦ DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
. medium. Is • permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.," corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26;. take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Daily and Sunday. ,¦
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
fails; readings, 50c. 8 Hayes st, nr. Market 1
MME. WALTERS, . great card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
• ° ' -"agents"-' wanted.' "'. " •* ' • " • ;
FOR good agents and salesmen put - your ad-
vertisement in The Winner, St. Louis, Mo. :
Zfitvjnatl order monthly; you. will secure the
best" hustlers in the country; 600,000 copies
each Issue go to small- cities and towns not
covered by dallies; rate per line, $1 73. less
S per cent for cash; try.- It once and watch
results.
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair; will
not Irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
skin; personal demonstrations ' free; agents
wanted. Ontario Chcm. Co.. a_cy.. 426 Ellis.
GENERAL agents for established firm; $12
weekly Falary; increase In 6 weeks; good
chance for advancement; references required.
ELGIN PUBLISHING CO.. 40 Spurllng
building. Elgin. III.
$20 A WEEK and expenses to men with rigs
to introduce Poultry Compound. Interna-
tlonal Mfg. Co., Parsons, Kan.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
MAN or woman wanted to employ and superin-
tend agents; $1S weekly salary and expenses:
permanent position. • ZIEGLER CO., 520
Monon building-, Chicago, 11L - -
A GILT edsre proposition for an energetic so-
Ucltor. 325 Parrott building. • ___^
ADOPTION. '
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
bles. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
BATHS.
RING up LANE. Main SIS; he -will explain how
get lovely hot water for baths without ex-
tra expense. - , ¦ ¦,
y UATH CABINETS.
BATH CABINETS; ROBINSON. Niagara, Per-
fection and ethers. Agency, 426 Ellis St.. S. F.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
FIRST-CLASS tandem for sale; $23. 671 How-
ard st. -
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GIRLS 6 to 14 years old; English and Span-
ish spoken; country; mother's care. Box
3681, Call office.
2 OR 3 children to board; yard; best care; $10;
near school. 1607 California st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
S120O— STEAM laundry; long established and do-
ing large and very profitable business. HORN.
SOLOMON & CO., 20 Kearny st.
$S50 — DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
¦work; daily receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 50.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$250— OIL route, horse, wagon and 300 patent
cans; this Is an oil proposition that pays.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$1SOO— GROCERY, fruit and produce Etore do-
ing a business of $45 per day; full value in
sight. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.
$6^)— GROCERY and delicacy store doing fine
business; established trade; large profits; a
good chance to increase the business. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny' st. ~
$500 — CANDY store and ice cream parlors, pay-
ing over $100 per month profit: fixtures alone
cost more than price asked; this is a genuine
bargain and it will ' pay to investigate.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
3C00— FURNITURE store in best business town
on coast: established 17 years; sacrificed in
order to close estate; expense o£ Investigation
paid by us . if not found as represented.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 20 Kearny gt
WE have two shoe stores for sale at nearly in-
voice price; call and get particulars; it will
pay you. HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny st
WHOLE or half interest in well-stocked, pay-
ing- drug store on Market St.; rent only $65;
good lease; owner leaving city on account of
FickneEs; a bona fide bargain. HORN, SOLO-
MON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale,
$1400", or owner will sell half Interest to good
business man for $SCO; will guarantee $1SO to
*300 per month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.,
20 Kearny gt.
WHOLESALE liquor store: established 11
years; doing a business of $40,000 per year;
books open to inspection to reliable parties;
terms If desired; a rare bargain. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO., 20 Kearny st.
$500T r GENERAL merchandise store for sale at
a sacrifice; telephone exchange reduces rent
to $12. HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st. ; telephone Main 1604.'
jlCOO — PARTNER wanted in plumbing and gas-
fitting- business; well-known business. For
particulars tee McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777%
Market st. .
$125— BOARDING and lodging house; near city.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777VS Market st
5400— SALOON; north of Market st; bargain.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market st
$350— FRUIT store in good location at sacrifice;
old established: good paying. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777H Market St. • '¦ j
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars,
300 candy and Icecream stores, 500 restau-
rants, 900 stores of all kind3; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
FOR private sale— Some of the best saloons in '
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 '
Market et. ¦ -
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mkt
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale •
and to rent JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market.
$400— MANUFACTURING business; partner •
wanted: duties will be to keep plain accounts* 1
and assist generally in running the business;
profits will averag* $90 a month to each. DON-
NELLY & CO.. 622 Market st.
DELICATESSEN— Fine business; low rent;
sickness cause of selling; trial given: price ;
$600. G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st., opp. Mason.
A CITY drug store for $4C00; monthly sales '.
$2000; this business will bear closest Investt- i
gation. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, by Call. ¦
SIX up-to-date mail-order schemes with in- •
structions for working them successfully, and 3
the addresses of 33 mail-order supply houses,
•who furnish goods, catalogues, circulars, elec-
tros, etc., with our new book of 400 money-
making secrets sent for 25c in stamps. Ad-
dress Phoenix Co., Dept F., 131 Chestnut st,
Chicago. <
EXPORT Department— Reliable, experienced
man. desiring to quit road would acceDt per-
manent position with good house; thorough
Spanish scholar; personally acquainted with
leading Spanish-American firms; best refer- •
ences. Box 3668.' Call office.
HALF Interest in shampooing parlors will be
given a lady who comes well recommended ;
- and is first class in hairdresslng and mani- '
curing. Apply to MRS. E. R. DUNLAP. 84 .
Kearny , st, room 12. j
FOR eale— Long established grocery store In .
Alameda County; doing strictly cash business ;
of $1200 per week; inventory price $5000; full
E investigation allowed; no agents. Box 3654. •
Call office. '
$10,000 WILL purchase a leading Interest In -
best paying clothing and dry goods store in "¦
,the city; sales $75,000 per annum; good in-
come guaranteed; well established; requires
more capital to handle It Address box 4028, i
Call office. ¦ . .
A SPLENDID opportunity; the right party .
can buy the store of Henry Hollman at 2805- <
7-9 Mission st. on specially favorable terms:
no charge for good will; 1 only for actual
stock, fixtures, wagons and horses. ~*
SALOON, -centrally located, doing good busi-
ness. P. CLAUDIUS. Crown Distillery Co.,
100 Front st
A— $250:" PARTNER wanted; money used in - 1
enlarging- a fast growing business; must be
sober, reliable man; no experience required;
no night or Sunday work. 25 • Geary st,
room I»'j ¦
ANOTHER SNAP— ANOTHER SNAP! -
. - Richmond District; choice lot; marine and J
Park \-iew; $750; easy terms. H. U. JAUDIN/
. S14 WaEhinston st »
$600— ATTRACTIVE, well-paying cafe and short
order house; fine location; owner anxious to
- leave city; no reasonable offer refused.- Box :
8038. Call office. . . ¦ 3
BUTCHER business In country town averag-
ing $65 per day; property will invoice price. ;
Address E.. 615 Larkln st *
TO lease. $100 a month, hotel of 44 rooms; cen- "J
trally located; south of Market Apply, three ¦
days, box 1538, Call office.
FOR sale — Saloon with first-class fixtures;-
house on leased ground; cheap rent --.Inquire
at 220 East st. - ¦ . , , j
OLD established tin and , plumbing shop for .
sale. Address 411 Third st. ' , !
LAUNDRY route for sale at a bargain. Ad-
dress box 3680, Call office. *
• X
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store. B91
Fourth st: no agents.
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store-. 691
Fourth ' st ; no agents.
AA— $400; GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; I
location; perfect: cigars, periodicals," notions.
Waiting-room, . 23d-ave. : station, E. Oakland.
FOR sale— Good paying liquor route. 2370 _
Market st, from 8 to 9 a. m. :
' ; ,-: EMPLOYMENT . OFFICES. '".,
JAPANESE and Chinese help of ' all .' kinds:
cooks. > waiters ¦ and house servants. • GKO.
AOKI A CO.,"421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
A.-BALDASSI & CO.. : 206 Montgomery ave.—
French. American and Italian help supplied.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426PoweIl,nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & tmploy
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE) Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main S183.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Beat help.. 411H O'Farrell et: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — -FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situa-
tion; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situa-
tion; best city reference. MISS CULLEN.
825 Sutter -t. ¦ - , I -
A WOMAN wishes situation; housework /«r
mind children; references.' 870 Preclta ave.,
bet. Folsom and Alabama sts. -.
A YOUNG lady with good business qualifica-
. tlons -wishes a position as 1 cashier, corre-
spondent, sales or general office work; refer-
ences. M. H.. box 3671. Call office.
A LADY would like employment several hours
daily reading, writing and attending ' In-
valid or elderly person. . Address one week
box 3071, Call. ' : --;
WILL retoucn for good amateur in exchange
¦ for lessons In photography.' Address one
week box 3072, Call.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes position
as cook or housekeeper; experienced murse.
107 Turk st, room 112; no trlflers,
POSITION wanted by a lady of experience as
housekeeper, care of invalid or any position
of trust: references. Address B. R., 1015V4
Larkln st. . ¦
BY a young lady medical student, situation In
an office, medical preferred. Address box
3092, Call. . ¦ '
GRADUATE nurse desires permanent position
in hospital -or to take charge of doctor's, of-
flce. Box 3100. Call.
RELIABLE person will take charge of room-
ing or private house; small compensation;
references. . Box 3685, Call office.
DRESSMAKER— First-class, perfection in flt-
tlng and trimming; experienced In best work;
costumes remodeled ; $1 60 per , day. Address
Modiste, box 36S6. Call office. _,
A WOMAN wishes position to do housework
. or cooking:: city or country; moderate wages.
1055 Howard st.
A COMPETENT woman wishes care of room-
Ing house; city or country. Box 2232. Call
office, Oakland.
STRONG woman wants work by the day -rash-
ing. - cleaning, etc. ; wages $_. Apply 212
Clara st.. rear.
RELIABLE English lady, proficient in German
and music, desires position as governess or
.companion in family going to New York or
Buffalo; reference. 615 Larkln st. -
NEAT, ; reliable needlewoman wishes a few
more engagements to do mending and plain
sewing; will go out or take work home. Box
3689. Call office. ¦
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes position to care
for Invalid; $25 a month; city or country; best
references. Box 3687, Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes a position; housework
or cooking; is a good 'plain cook; references.
¦Please call at 42 Natoma st, upstairs.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with daughter would
like to do cooking and general housework,
city or "country; references if required. '2017
Powell st ; no postals.
COMPETENT woman wants work washing,
ironing or house cleaning. Apply corner gro-
¦ eery, Laguna and Fulton sts.
WOMAN wishes house cleaning or washing by
day; terms $125 per day. MRS. J., 26y; Rltch.
LADY, refined and capable, would like posi-
tion to take entire charge of 1 or 2 mother-
less children in refined family; good refer-
ences. MISS J.. 2308 Mission st.
GIRL, Just arrived from Norway, wants place
to u do general housework; small wages.* 265
' Thirteenth st.
A MIDDLE-AGED German lady, all alone,
respectable, truthful, good plain German
cook, desires situation in small family; no
children. Box 3081, Call ofilce.
A NEAT, refined young woman would like a
position as housekeeper where she can have
a good home. Box 3078, Call office. \
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 GO per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
¦ EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. _1
TO druggists— Wanted, position, city or coun-
try; "not a graduate"; 2 years' and a half
experience; flrst-class references. Box 3055,
Call offlcft - -
WANTED— Position by an experienced man
as cashier or manager In a restaurant; day or
night Address 8., room 24, 318 Kearny st
STEADY man wants a few hours' work each
day; am employed part of the day. Box
3668, Call office.
WANTED— A position as gardener on private
-place or residence; many years'* experience:
steady and sober man. Please address or call
. 1309 Stockton st. '
ENGINEER wishes situation; has a license.
Address box 3657, Call office.
MAN and wife, with their own help, wish to
..do the work and take charge of a ranch;
good references. J. D., 144 Juniper st >.
YOUNG' man of 25 wishes position as salesman
in furniture store; can do upholstering, car-
pet laying and collecting. Address box 3091,
Call office. , .
YOUNG man, 10 years' experience dry goods,
all departments; Al reference. Box 3094, CalL
SITUATION wanted as coachman and garden-
er by sober, willing, all-round single man '
- for private place ; good Chicago references.
Box 3099. Call office. N
GENTLEMAN conversant with the principal
modern languages wants position . as clerk;
best' references. -Box 8670, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by 2 Eastern colored
women ; 1 as- cook and second girl. . Call ¦ at
253 Jessie st, near Fourth.
ELDERLY man wishes work; tend horses and
-..cows and make himself useful about place; 1
willing to work for small wages; city or
oountry; references If required. 278 Natoma.
WANTED— A chance to go to Alaska to work
in the mines with fare prepaid. Address
FRANK CROFAUQH, Mountain View. Cal.
CIVIL engineer wishes to do work at home; '
understands all lines of engineering and arch-
¦ itecture; reasonable prices; quick work.- Ad-
dress 1033 Union st. .
LET me live; anything; any wages: intelligent.
• -upright: commercial experience; family. Box
3690, Call office.
YOUNG man. German, age 24, sensible and
sober, who came from East, wishes a post- :
. tion in store or office; is a good accountant.
¦Write or call between 2 and 6 o'clock every
afternoon except Sunday 118 Eddy st. rm. 3. •
A YOUNG man . of i refinement, age 30, desires '¦
position - as companion, private secretary or ¦
"attendant to partial Invalid;- accustomed to '
traveling and care of the sick. Address box
3074, - Call - of flee. • -.. ;
A GOOD, tteady wheelwright and wagon-
maker wishes ¦ steady situation; • no objection
to country. State particulars and address' ,
box 3062. Call. .,.,-¦-. /.
MANAGING foreman who thoroughly ¦ under- •
stands farming In all Its branches is open for
an ensagement; first-class references. IBox .
S067, Call. . . { - ' ¦
EXPERIENCED man and wife wish situations
1 to do general housework ; man handy with ;
, tools; country preferred.- 617 Third st. up-
stairs. • . ____:"'
A PRACTICAL mechanio desires a position as
foreman or superintendent of . building con- .
struction.- W.; bcx 8085, Call office. »
YOUNG man, experienced, wants position as .
.'¦ arslstant bookkeeper - or office work: first- <
.; class refs.; good penman. Box 3066. Call.
A CAKE baker and confectioner wishes work j
fcr 2 or 3 days per week. Apply 127 Arling-
ton st. ' ,
ENGLISHMAN. from the East wants work as
gardener or assistant coachman. Box 3090,
office.!.
GENERAL blacksmith desires situation; city
or country.' B. E. RICHMOND, Orchard and
Willow sts., San Jose. - : . :
YOUNG Austrian" waiter fleslres situation; -
city, hotel. or summer resort. Box 8075, Call.
NURSE with good , hospital references ; also S •
surgical physicians' references; salary $40 a •
month. Address 156 Perry st :. tel. Reed 612.
JAPANESE young boy wants position In fara- •
¦* lly to do-housework; city or country; -wages .
$3 a week. GEORGE TETSU. 1606 Jones gt.
PLATSTO.LET. ,'
$22 50— 8-ROOM upper flat.
No.' 715 Castro at., near Twentieth.
$15 — 4-room flat on Twenty-third ;
and Castro- sts.
$27 60 — New upper flat, six rooms, cor. •
.18th and Hartford sts., near Castro.
SUNNY corner 5-room flat; rent $13; part of i
furniture for sale cheap; 2 roomers If taken
before .Tuesday. Cor. Falmouth and Folsom.
2 NEW modern flata of 6 rooms and bath" 670 '"*
E^VS? 1 «•„ nr - Uth * PATTERSON A CO.. <
11 City Hall square. - ¦- • v
BOWIE ave., 6, off Eleventh— Flat of 3 rooms • "t
• cheap rent to small t amlly.% ¦ y , . ~~?, ;.
FLATS TO l^T-^ontf nnqg^___,
Z 6-ROOM flat . furnished or unfurnished, with
). .bath, garden; no small children. 1131 Mcai
-lister at.-- 1 ' •¦¦ r- • *
ELEGANT new sunny flat, 9 rooms. 876 Eddy
St.. near Van Ness ave. _¦ ¦' ¦¦
FLAT. 439 Fourth—Sunny bay-window: 7 rooms
and bath: In good order; reasonable rent.
FLAT, 7 rooms, stove; living rooms; modern.
3808 Seventeenth st. cor. Banchez.
MODERN top flat, 5 clean rooms; "warm belt
¦. 881 Capp st. near Twenty-fourth.
NINE rooms and . bath: new; eunny corner;
. rent $55. NE. cor. Page »t and Central ave.
UPPER sunny flat. 3 rooms, kitchen, bath.
' Inquire 1945 Geary St. . ¦ -' _____
3 "AND 4 room flats, wltn large yards and sta-
bles. 2 Hayward St.. off Harrison.
FLATS TO LET— ~nrnl»hed. .
COLE, 604. corner Page, park panhandle dis-
trict—Nicely furnished sunny upper flat 7
rooms and bath; 4 months; $40. Call after
. 10 Tuesday. __• .
MARKET. 1904 (Hotel Franklin)— Best of ap-
pointments; special rates to families.'
NEW furnished upper flat * rms.; 2 or 3 mos.;
adults; refs. 1830 Polk st. before 1.
FURXITUltE FOR SALE. ,
»~~~~___
TOR sale — Furniture of 5 furnished rooms com-
plete for . housekeeping. Apply Monday be-
tween 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. 166 Tenth st
TO reoeive highest value for furniture, carpets.
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furnltu— Co.. 1127-1131 Market
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves: give us a trial; 1114 Mission st
FURNITURE for sale cheap on account of
removal. 2201 'Webster st.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture bought Indiana
Auction Co.. 117 Sutter st; tel. James 141.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 23 Kearny. buys A
sells your bus. .merchandise, fur. .carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.-, see J. A.
Munro A Co., 240 Stockton st; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer — L.VlRcent.l3GS Larkln: tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd nouses bought: spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 .Market St.: tel. Jesil" 761.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... ...104 Geary st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, first-class hotel, city $20
8 dinner waitresses, hotel, steady work... 75a
2 -waitresses, same commercial hotel $20
2 waitresses, summer resort $20
2 waitresses, summer resort see party here
120
4 waitresses, restaurant, fee paid.... $10 weelc
Woman, general work, hotel, Sonoma $20
Chambermaid to wait, Gllroy, fare paid. .$20
Waitresses, Colusa, fare paid ....$20
Chambermaid to wait, Marin County $25
Waitress, arm work, San Jose $25
Waitress & chambermaid, summer resort .$20
German chambermaid, flrst-class resort — $20
2 chambermaids, city $15
6 fancy lroners. city and country $10 week
2 girls for bottling: oil $4 week
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
25 housegirla. different parts of the State.
fare paid to all $l5-$25
Any women or girls looking for employment
as housegirl, second girl, cook, nurseglrl, can
obtain same at wages from $10 to $30 by ap-
plying to '
C. R. HANSEL A CO.. 104 Geary st
WANTED — Cook i for nice summer resort $35,
principally meat and vegetables; second glr
for across the bay, $25: 2 laundresses, $30
and $35; lroner, country laundry, $30: 6 wait-
resses for coffee houses and restaurants, $3
and $9 a week; waitresses, country hotels.
$20; waitresses to register for our summer
resorts about to open, $23; nurse for child,
city, references. $25; 10 second girls, city
and country. $20. $25; 40 girls for all kinds
of housework, city and country; call early.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 316 Satter.
WANTED— A flrst-class laundress for family,
to go short distance in the country, wages
$35. see lady at hotel Monday. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter 8t
HOUSEWORK girl. Oakdale. $30; chamber-
maid and laundress. $30. -cook same place;
a woman to assist in a boarding-house, Shas-
ta County, $20, fare paid; cook, restaurant
$8 per week; cook. workingmen'B hotel, $30.
MISS CULLEN. -
AA— OPERATORS wanted In factory on la- j
- dies' and children's wear; - good pay. —723 -
Market St.. room 88. -
AA— SEWERS to take work home on ladles' .
underwear and children's wear. 723 Market ]
St.. room 35.
AA— IRONBRS wanted on ladles' underwear. .
723 Market st. room 35. 1
WANTED— In San Rafael, nurse and second
' girl about 28 years old ; must be quick and .
obliging, with good references; three chll- (
dren; wages '$25 per month. Address P. O.
box 196, San Rafael. Cal. • •
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHELS, 631 .
Mission st. ¦¦•' - ]
CUTTER, with experience: also knitters: good •
steady employment GANTNER MATTERN, <
Golden Gate K. M-, 1017 Hyde, nr. California,
EXPERIENCED operators; also learners. G.
W. REYNOLDS. 597 Mission st, cor. Second.
GERMAN woman for general housework; small I
family; $15 a month; call after 3 p. m. to-day.
916 Bush st. . :
EXPERT stenographer using Remington; sal-
ary $15 month. Address box 3C58. Call office.
COMPETENT, reliable girl; general housework; 1
family, two; no wash; $25. Box 3093, Call.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady, lace and -
' glove departments, retail dry goods house; '
state last position. Address 3096, Call office.
NEAT young girl to assist In family of three; I
$10. 217 Third ave. ...
A NEAT young girl to assist with housework
in a small family; call Monday morning. 683
San Jose ave. "
GIRL to assist In small family; references;
good place for right girl. Apply or write 1533 *
Pacific ave., Alameda. *
AN active saleswoman, with good reference,
will receive permanent employment at 717
Emma Spreckels building. "
WANTED— Girl to assist with baby. $10. 1800
Devlsadero st. . *
WOMAN to assist In light housekeeping and
as companion to elderly lady; permanent;
$10. Address, box 3682. Call office.
WANTED— Refined, cultured woman by whole* I
sale house;- $45 and rapid promotion. Box
' 8684, Call office. •
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom vests. 28 <
Elgin Park, between Herman and 13th sts.
WANTED— Cook and general housework; small .
family; no washing; $15. 1683 Washington st 1
FORELADY for ladles' underskirts; permanent
position. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sanaome.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier; must be thor- -\
oughly competent In double entry and have
first-class references. Box 3700. Call office.
GIRL, or woman for housework and ! care for i
woman. 2520 Mission st., cigar store.
WOMAN cook wanted for small restaurant, $30
per month. Apply 6S6 Geary st • * j
WAITRESS for a small restaurant: $8 per
week. .Apply at €86 .Geary st
WANTED— A good hand for dressmaking 1
2217V4 Pine St.. near Flllmore.. . T!
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 935 Mar
ket st. room 16.
COMPETENT cook, $25. Apply Maudsley Banil *
tarlum. 2111 Pine St.. at 10 a. m. only.
GIRL for care of two children; references* ¦*
wages no. 1714 Geary st ~«— nces.
PATTERNS!. ' PATTBRNsl PATTERNS' *
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School*
depot for latest patterns; fitted linings a spe- ;
cialty. The work in our millinery depart-
ment must be seen to be appreciated. Now
Is the time to prepare for business ; unlim-
ited lescons; easy ¦ payments. Visitors al- -
rnl^r^rk^rrbovrsixl^ " "
_^d ra G?ove S . t tr a cUy. ShIrt "*^«SS
ffSSS*? >
ty. F. PER3QN, room^IVPaUu^ulld^n.:
ASSISTANT stenographer: rood >-__* 1
¦ |l _^_^< f 3af_g r 'aa_!.« .
: — — — ¦ . ; ; ; - \
MAKER and trimmer wanted. 15 Mag— i frt.
WAITRESS wanted;'c_r early. Bl» Port st. . 5
H~IiP W_J~T_P— I~"gAL3& — Con.
"WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladles* waists. EAGLE8ON
CO.. 635 Market at. . .
_HIRT and overall operators; inexperienced-
.' paid while learning. HEYNEMANN & CO
, 410 Mission st . • '^
A GIRL for "general housework. 661 Howard
street
WANTED — Apprentice to learn hairdressing
and manicuring. 240 Stockton »t.
PANTS finisher wanted at 253% Stavenson, bet.
Third and Fourth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillm ore at.
HELT ' WA3fTOP—-MAJL~-
A^MURKAF & R_A^x\^n?P^omT__n" 6843
! Leading 1 — Employment— and— Labor— Agents.
..Office open to-day (Sunday). 9 to 11 a. m...
LOS ANGELES & SANTA BARBARA DIV.
''...... FREE)- FARE FREE — FARE
...$1 Office — Fee — and — No — Other — Expenses...
I WE— SHIP— TO-DAY
Carload of laborers for S. P. R. R. Co.'a
own work, no experience; req-Ired; wages
$175 and $2 25 day... FREE—FARE
TEAMSTERS— AMADOR— CO— NEW— WORK
10 2-horse teamsters. 1 year's work $3 day
10 4-horse teamsters. 1 year's work.. $3 25 day
MECHANICAL—HELP
2 camp blacksmiths, no shoeing $63
15 blacksmiths, shops, camps and ranches
$3 £0 day. $75. $65 and f4O and found
4 blacksmith helpers $52, $40 and $35 A fd
Woodworker, wagon maker, carriage painters
" MISCELLANEOUS
10 laborers, sawmills and woods, $28, faro
paid; 23 crosscut sawyers, tree fellers, bark
pealers. etc $40 and $33
12 machine and single-hand miners..........
$75 and found. $60
25 drillers, city and country.. $60 and $42 & fd
25 laborers, city work $42 and found
27 haymakers, run mowers, etc.... $28 and $30
2i. butter makers and milkers.. $37 SO. $35. $30
10 cfaoremen and boys $25, $20 and $15
BAKERS-COOKS— WAITERS
Cake baker, country shop $70
40 bakers, different shops $50. $40 and $35
SO cooks, city and country................
, $50. $40. $13 and $15 week
CO waiters, city and country $23. $30 and $3S
MURRAY A READY, C34-633 Clay st
AT CAI* EMP. AGCY.. 69 3d. phone John 313L
Railroad Men— Ship To-day.
20 men for track work....Jl 73 to $3 per day
Freo fara ......Free far*
20 laborers for railroad work.
10 mill and woodsmen, free faro
,10 lumber pliers $35 to $45 per month
10 experienced redwood tiemaker » lie
6 men to make pickets $8 per thousand
6 men to make posts $3 per hundred
• men to cut wood, pine, 4 ft. ...II 25 per cord
2 spool-tenders, lumber woods.. $50 and board
QUARRYMEN TO-DAY
13 laborers for quarry $3 per day
10 pick and shovel men...... ...to-day
2 house painters.'. $2 BO per day
4 milkers $30 per month
10 farmhands, haymakers, etc '..
Office open to-day (Sunday) till 13 m.
; z_z ¦
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S ..104 Geary st.
- .Office open to-day, Sunday..........
Wanted
100 Railroad Men
for work In and about tunnel «
$175 to $3 day
Free fare F— « fare
Ship to-night
Also
80 laborers $175
...For reconstruction and ballasting track...
..Santa Barbara and Los Angeles divisions...
S. P. Company's own work.
Free fare Free tarn
C. R. HTtNTSEN A CO 104 Geary st.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. 927
Market st. room 207. I. fcESS. Secretary.
WANTED— Industrious men and women In
every town to work for us nt home. No
canvassing. "We will send work any dis-
tance. Have several lines of work to give
out: some requires no experience. If you
can't devote the whole day to our work,
you can earn $5 or $6 a week by working an
hour or two evenings. Address Standard
Mfg. Co.. 142 West 23d »t.. New York.
TRAVELING salesman wanted for established
house; no technical kno--'.e<lge necessary, but
simply all around hustler of good appear-
ance and address; flrst-clasi line; special
contract; entire time required; references.
Box 254. Detroit. Mich.
WANTED— Tinsmith and plumber, who- is a
good B flat cornet player: permanent posi-
tion at good wages; also ship carpenters .
who are band men. Address box 73, Marsh-
field, Oregon.
EXPERIENCED feeders for job and cylinder
presses. IS Fremont st
WANTED— A young man. a/re between 18 and
20, for retail dry goods house; state last '
position. Address box 3095. Call office.
_SALESMEN of good ' appearance make good •
¦ monej/"nowj- propoalttot* appeals to e~«ry '
one; come early, including Sunday. 818 Mar-
ket st. room 53.
BLACKSMITH helper: one that can drive on
shoes. J. H. DCTCHER, Llvermore. Ala-
meda County. Cal.
WANTED— Men can make big money selling
steamer tickets to witness launching battle-
ship Ohio: com. To-day, 301 Examiner bldg.
CASHIER for a solid business; pays $250 mo.;
must have $1000. LUNDIN & CO., 906 Market
WANTED— Active partner with small capital
in paying commission business. Box 3873.
. Call building.
FIRST-CLASS sober bedmaker wanted; call
at 8 o'clock. 149 Third st.
GOOD painters wanted Monday at 7:30 a. m.
1741 Seventh st. Oakland.
WANTED— A good bedmaker. Dew ey House.
33 East at / -
RATNES. 131 Post st.; finishers for cloaks and
suits.
ONE ordinary carpenter: 1 laborer; non-
union; no office fees. Mechanics' Registration
Bureau. 410 Kearny «t •
WANTED — Waxthread machine operator.
Trunk Factory, corner Seventeenth and Fol-
som sts.
PRESSER at the California Clothing Renova-
tory: steady Job. 116 Geary st; call Monday.
ELDERLY man to do light work, J5 a month;
pleasant place in country. Box S68S. Call.
WAITER, $25: upholsterer. $25; 2d porter. Ger-
man preferred. Ahlborn House, 321 Grant ave.
WANTED-%jt Techau Tavern. 10 extra wait-
ers. Apply between 1 and 2 p.m.
FIRST-CLASS cutter on ladies' and gents'
tailoring for out of town; only first-class need
M>ply. Call at Grand Hotel, room 53, to-day
until noon. '
WANTED— Boy to learn blacksmith's trade.
Call Monday. 1634 Mission st.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, etc.; free
scholarship in engineering awarded to few
well recommended applicants. American
School. of Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
PERSONS everywhere who can write merito-
rious sketches, articles or stories; good pay.
Literary Bureau. 303 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push 1
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building. *
WANTED— Man for this section by old house,
solid standing; $36 cash paid for S weeks'
trial: permanent if successful. Manager.
331 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED— Boy for general merchandise busi-
ness; must be strong and about IS years ot
age. Address box 3083. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman!
state age, experience and salary expected.
Box 3086. Call office.
FOR sale— 2-chalr flrst-class 15c barber shop;
central location. 12 East San Fernando st.
Ban Jose.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
SMART honest errand boy with recommenda-
tlon. Shirt Store. 535 Valencia st
2 GOOD representatives for Oakland; refs.
Pacific Coast Purchasing Assn.. 208 Kearny.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged. hal«
price. 662 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts.
BOY. in drug store: 16 years. Address Drugs,
box 3077, Call office.
WANTED-A- young man to clerk la bazaar
business: must have had experience as cleric
and come well recommended. Address A.
SCHLUETER & CO.. Oakland.
WANTED-Recruits for the -marine corp s. U.
S. Navy: able-bodied unmarried mea ot good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35;^ no t
.less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over « feet 1
Inch, able to read and speak ?5
further information apply at the Recrulttes
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MPV-nni- catalogue explains how we teaca
mSr'I'b'hB^CoSeGE. 635 Clay st.
B^w L a^o 3 f 5£ • cheap imitations.
. co Sacramento. Cal.
S-^aYeind female; register at once;
ft?., 3 ,,'--, notions: good pay.
?— r vour shoes half-soled while waiting: Bo
663 Mission *z.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to kno-
? w FdRolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
™ns Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 larga
"oms; 25? per night; $1 to $2 per week.
B_3f r KRAWCISCb' CA__.
BUSINESS OFFICE! of The San Franclsoo
Call, corner of Market and Third street! ; open
until 13 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
cuinei Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS3 McAllister etreet; open until 9:85 p. m.
C1S Larkin etreet: open until »:30 p. m . : -.r
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2161 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth;' open
until s p. m.
108 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m .
1098 Valencia Etreet; open untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tuclcy streets: open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
i UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin rts.— Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minis-
ter emeritus; Charles A. Murdock. superin-
tendent of Sunday school. The Sunday school
Is at 10 o'clock. The morning service is at
11 o'clock. Children's Sunday: There will
be carols and recitations by the children, and
ehort addresses by Rev. Mr. Leavitt and
• Charles A. Murdock. All are cordially In-
vited. There Is no evening service.
6ECOND Unitarian Church, confer Capp and
Twentieth sts.— Rev. E. F. Dinsmore. minis-
ter; residence, 825 Capp st Sunday school at
9-45 o'clock- The morning theme will be
"Harmful Help." In the evening Mr*. C.
B. Holbrook will lecture on "Animals'
Rights." - •¦' ¦ ¦ ¦
CALVARY and St John's Presbyteria
churches worship together corner Callforni
and Octavla rts. Services 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. Rev. George G. E4dredge will preach.
Sabbath 6chool and Mr. Johnston's Bible class
at 12:30. Christian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.
Wednesday evening service^ 8 o'clock. All
are cordially Invited.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—Holy communion 8 and 11 a. m.; morning
service U o'clock; evening prayer, 4 o'clock.
Friday' service for army and navy at 11 a. m.
The rector will preach.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Masons sts. — Rev. George C Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at botn services. At 11
a. m..' theme. "In Remembrance of Me"; re-
oeptlon of members and holy communion. At
7:45 p. m.. theme, "Hold Fast That Which
Thou Hast." All are cordially Invited.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayps and Buchanan sts.—
Ilev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
•t 11 a. ra. and 7:45 p. m. In the evening the
monthly musical service will be given. The
chorus of thirty voices ¦win be under the
direction of I. E. Blake. The music will In-
clude Gounod's "Sanctus." the "Baal Chor-
uses" from the "Elijah," with solos and
quartets. Seats -are -free.- All Invited. ¦
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
sts.— Grand union mass meeting this Sunday
afternoon at 3-o'clock. Both men and women
invited. Address by Rev. Frederick W.
Clampett D.D., rector Trinity Church. Spe-
cial music by Knickerbocker Quartet
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block, 223 Eutter st, between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
SU a. m. ; subject, "Adam and Fallen Man. '
Sunday 6chool for children at the same hour.
"Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-room. 206 Kearny Et, room BIO.
All are welcome.
¦RE First Mental Science Temple meets at
11 a. m. In Golden Gate Hall. Eugene Del
Mar secretary of New York Mental Science
Temple, and editor of Mental Science Month-
ly will lecture. Subject. "Dreamers." Come
and hear an interesting speaker. Seats free.
Collection will be taken for expenses.
REVIVAL Convention. Advent ChapeL Church
St., near Twenty-ninth. — Introductory ser-
vice by Dr. Morgan this evening. Monday
session at 2 and 7 p. m. Tuesday, 9 a. m..
2 and 7 p. m. Papers ajid preaching by able
men. "Whosoever Will." ' ¦
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock in Odd Fellows' building
by Miss Jessie C. Brodie. Subject (by re-
quest). "Hero Worship."
MEETISGS— Sr.\DAY. /
X— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY; grand test meeting,
8 o'clock; come early; questions answered;
1104 OTarrell, bet. Franklin and Gough;
Ellls-st car; admission 10c.
Glttings dally for advice In business, splrtt-
ra.1 messages and dlagnoslsing disease, $1;
evenings by engagement ; tel. Hyde 246L
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 9C9
Market ct. Subject, "Dreams, Their Cause
and Significance," to be followed by mag-
nificent view of "Things of Beauty. Thoee
attending may procure free tickets for the
X-ray exhibition at the Sanitarium next Tues-
day evening. Seats free. No collections.
LECTURE upon the science of life from a
rnrenolojrical standpoint by PROFESSOR
H W. HILKER, Sunday night. May 5. Mis-
sion Opera Hall. Mission st, between Sev-
enteenth and Eighteenth: subject. "The Hu-
man B'-aln and its Relation to Failure and
Success" ; admission 10c.
EPIRTT tests to-night, 10c; materializing
eeance Tuesday; readings, EOc, Jl. ARNOLD
DICKSON, 148 Sixth gt. ¦
A—DR. RINES' Spiritual Society, 9C9 Market"
Meeting 11. free; 2:30 and 8 p. m., 10c; Mrs.
Seeley. Wilson, others. , .
GRAND spiritual meeting. 117 Larkln st. lower
hall: convincing test; Mrs. Maxwell, Mott
others; 10c. ¦ .
MME. YOTJNG'E demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night 605 McAllister st; 10c; come,
skeptics. .
URS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay; circles Sun-
day, Wednesday. 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m.; sittings
daily.
A— MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed ques-
tions; 8 p. m. : 10c SC3 Larkln; take elevator. ¦
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's test circle to-night,
8, 10c; messages, tests to all. 1126 Howard.
KATIE HECSSMANN, to-nlgnt; last circle be-
fore removal; 25C. 124 Russ «t., oft Howard.
W. G. KEEGAN hold* spiritual meeting every
n'.ght except Eat:. 10c. 148 Sixth st. 2d floor.
MRS. WERMOUTH. 416 Golden Gate ave.— Clr-
cles Sun.. Mon.. Fri.. 8 p. m. : Wed.. 2:30; 25c.
MRS. STODDARD'S circles that convince; Sun-
days. Tuesdays. 278 Ninth st. ; sittings dally.
MRS. EBERHARDTS convincing test to-night,
10c; skeptics Invited. 8250 22d; phone Blue 854.
MRS. EVANS. 130 Sixth, r. 16; circle to-night
8, 10c; also to-morrow eve. ; readings dally.
FREE lecture on palmistry, with free readings
for all, this eve. at 8 o'clock. 428 Ellis et
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance,- S p.
ra.. 1084 Bush. near. Leavenworth; 60c.
MRS. D. M. fOLBY. 1041% Valencia st— Sit-
tings dally; circle Tuesday evening.
EDWARD EARLETS seance to-night 622 Geary
et.. near Jones.
MEKTI\fiS T'nlvernal - Brotherhood.
TJN1 VERBAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society <non-politteal and unsectarian) Lodge
Ko. 7 wiM bold- Its monthly public meeting
TO-NIGHT at V. B. Hall. 310 CFarrell st.
Subject "Master. Who Hath Sinned, This
Man or His Parents?" by Dr. J. A. Ander-
son and Mrs. Dingle.' International " Brother-
hood League public meeting next Tuesday, 8
p. m> ; subject, "Strikes." Musical selections.
All Invited.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
ALTA Lodge No. 205, L O. O. F.— _s&3__fcfc
Double initiation TO-MORROW :_g_<_»?5!S£
<_ONDAY). May 6. at 8 p. m.^sflR£Sr
Brothers cordially Invited to at- OT " W
tend. M, L. GROSSMAN. N. G.
ALF VOLIGNY. R. S. " .
CHIEFS and members of Mlantono- _L»t~J—
mah Tribe No. 9, I. O. R. M.— You SSS*^ 1
are hereby notified that the funeral
of our late brother. F. OEVERNDIEK. will
take place from his residence. 711 Polk st.
MONDAY. May 6, at 1 p. m. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. • . «•
W. GREENBLATT, Sachem. '••
M. LEIEEN, C. of R
THIRTY-FIFTH grand annual path- » I^TSt.
enng and games ot the Caledonian 3L (a \fj
Club of San Francisco at Shell "eyrEC?
Mound Park, May 30. **_¦»
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAMES H._DUNCAN. Secretary.
THE S. F. Longshoremen's Protective Associa-
tion Local 22S. at a meeting held last night '
most heartily Indorsed the Cooks' and Walt-
ers' strike, and decided to fine any member
found eating in a non-union restaurant $5.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 M&rket et, San
Franclsco. Cal. on TUESDAY, the 14th day
of May, 1901. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
•for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
trans-action of euch other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
•?rill cloee on Friday, May 3. 1901, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ASPHALTDM • HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofir.g, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folgom 1607.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW. '
ADVICE free; <Uvorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market cor. Stocktn.
"FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery st, S. F.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful., W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
t,. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket et: consul— tlon free; no fees in advance.THE SAN PKANOISCO OAXiL, STJNDAT, MAY 5, 1901. _
29
yri°!T.i» w 4 vrwrt — m a t,w row.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.
A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg., S06 Market st .
BARBER shop, lively country town, for sale;
two chairs, baths. Apply DECKLEUAN
BROS.. IOC Ellis mu
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 years of age. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS.. 979 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors wanted: high
wages: steady. P. VERDIEIt. 984 Geary st
COATMAKEli wanted, tt> make military
coat*: also 1 bushelmen. 1804 Greenwich.
COATMAICER wanted to work In store. J056
Twenty-fourth et
WANTED— Rasters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st
6. N. \\OOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, lOo, 15c and
20c Boston House. Q Howard st.
B^. BE^ h TwinTy.7o n u t Ah Ch .'t <r ' "* t °°" tOf
*t£?%£-&^»° ' h0 " C "~ '*"«•
COATMAKTTR and pantMnaker for country.
Apply IIE1S8 BROS*. & CO.. 24 Butter rt.
T£S£££T7?L O f-5?£L 3!f •»'«»«¦ WHITE
SLVIINQ MACHINE CO.. 300 Post St.
tVA 2: TE ?~ tl00 ., mpn to buy ncw an(1 2n«-hand
arm/ rnorg. $1 up; goHug «nc up. 973 Howard.
MCDONALD & PERRY have SO0 pair, second-
hand shoes for sale. 60c up. 841 Third rt.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. KEUHAUS A CO.. 115 Kearny st
<r 9 t -2j°_, rnan to a ° Janitor work for bis tuition.
6. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, Kc right; reading-rooms; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•ubscrtptloas has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ct
HORSES AXD . WAGONS.
<0 HOREES for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
127 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TOR eale — An elegant pair of cobs, mares; also
latest style trap, almost new, for 2 personp;
harness, etc Apply JOHN NOLAN & SONS.
1611 California st ,
Jl. HIGH-GRADE rubber tire road wagon and
harness; handsome 6-year-old mare: complete
outfit in Derfect condition: price $300. Box
8(41, CalL
B. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
*d peeslon June 10. Catalogue by applying- to
M. L. Panooast sec.. 610 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
TVANTED— An up-to-date bike buggv and good
harnegs; state price. Box 3097. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. TJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — CLEAN runny 3 rooms: pretty front gar-
den; $8. 3672 Sixteenth at. near Market
APPLY 28 Morris ave., bet Fifth and Sixth;
¦water free; sunny.
1 UNFURNISHED houses of 5 and 6 rooms to
rent In Belvedere. Apply DAVID BUSH, 10
Montgomery st
T ROOMS, bath, canny yard: suitable for 2
families; $14; water free. 405 Greenwich Bt
$10— HOUSE, S rooms; yard; water free. 223
Eighth et
HOUSES WANTED FURNISHED.-
TO LET— Modern furnished flat 6 rooms and
bath, piano, etc, to September 1: cheap.
1SS0 Grove st. 2 to 4 p. m.
COUNTRY FURNISHED HOUSES.
STANFORD University grounds — Comfortably
furnl6hed house of 10 rooms to rent for 2 or 3
months. Inquire C. C. BEMIS. 334 Montgom-
ery Et.
FOR rent In Belvedere, desirable modern cot-
tage. 5 rooms, piano. Call or address 2219B
S utter ct. city; phone Pine 2056.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished - houre • atoont- 8 ¦ rooms; •
must be good location sxd sunny. Address
bcx 3052. Call office.
WANTED — A 20-room bouse, furnished or un-
furnished; must be reasonable. Box JO64. CalL
INSTANTANEOUS JIVATER HEATER.
HOT bath any minute for 2%c; will flow boiling
'water in 30 seconds; saves fire in range; call
end see it in operation: send for Illustrated
pamphlet RIBBON WATER HEATING CO..
Examiner building, room 607.
LOST A3TD FOUND.
LOST— A case of advertising matter. Finder
will please deliver to 13 Front st and receive
liberal reward.
LOST — Young Gordon setter; license tag No.
8462. 213 Eansome et, between 12 and 1;
reward.
ERODERICK and California, to Devisadero. to
Bush, thence to Scott and Bush; a gold
buckle set with diamonds, 2 keys and ribbon
attached: $25 reward on return to M. T. B.,
2E26A California st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of HELEN JAY DU BOIS; No. 199-261.
The finder will please return to bank.
"YORKSHIRE dog— Female; reward $S If re-
turned to E. DOWNES. 811 Howard st
¦Wanted— Old rold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'FarreU. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN' wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for list MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st
ALL contemplating matrimony send 10 cents
for "The Wedding Bell." lg Mason st .
MATTRESSES AXD UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and pillows! teT South 782;
to order or renovated, -feather and hair
cleaned: expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 818-320 Eleventh st
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE^
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
EARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
lier tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
>. cecond-hand; we always have a large stock of
caloon outfits on hand; 22 complete outfits on
' one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission Et. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR SALE— At a bargain; one 36x12 horizon-
tal tubular boiler complete; one 6x12 plain
elide valve Ohmen engine; one 10,000-gallon
Iron tank, with smaller tanks and soap ma-
chinery. S16-318 Tenth Bt. San Francisco.
A— BUYS, *ells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out; different makes: call early for bargains
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Montgomy.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $350;
cost originally tlOOO. UNCLE HARRIS. 16
Grant ave.
WESTINGHOUSE motora from 1 to 20 H. P.;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGS-
TON, K8 Mission st
EECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought.
Fold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE,
t.16 Mist-ion et
A-I3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits. J10; dress pants. St 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
fiu'.t cases. A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st
ONE lady's Tribune bicycle foT sale; very
cheap. CaTl Monday at 142 Eleventh, bakery.
THREE beautiful Angora kittens: choice pedl-
gree; reasonable. Box 3025. Call office. #
"V^E Pay big prices for sealskins! Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st -
Kt^NTS and homers for «ale. GEHRING. 1104
room 4, Oakland.
GENT'S bicycle, good condition. JS. 422 Min-
na Bt.. after 12.
G K3 VaUnc'la C! Bt. h<>rae " I>OWer ' Shlrt Stor T <
HOMERS— Prime etock for sale. 241 Ettie St.
Oakland; Berkeley train; B-st. station.
MAGIC l»««;;n*. new and 2d hand moving plc-
¦ tures. BULLARD & HRECK. Ul Post at
A^f£- U ?i T »"S.>'?<! 5S ,r' E ?. uare olano ror **>• UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FIRKT-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
hellers bought and cold. KROGH MFG. "Co.
E j" G BnRKE. n u a b Be'a7e : »t COn<1 - h>Pd machto^-
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
*U sixes; guaranteed.- NEWELL, W Bluxome.
MISCELLAJfEOUS FOR SALE— Con.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
E^F»^ S^ N S W and sec 0151 * hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
8 -*^"P_ s rr N ew and second hand; all sizes THF
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San FrVni
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
W^an T fl D ~^if nd « an ? "Prtsht Piano or or-
5arket%t? WHITEHEAD.. 1700
DESK room wanted In exchange for advertls-
ing. Address box 2231. Call. Oakland :
T t!^ N JV anU ., eoo< Jrf e = on<1 - han( l clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 25;:.
MIXES AXD MINING.
MONTEZUMA COPPER. *"
Montezuma Copper.
Montezuma Copper.
Montezuma Coal. .
Montezuma Coal.
Montezuma Coal.
Montezuma Coke.
Montezuma Coke.
Montezuma Coke.
Each succeeding day adds to the conviction
of shareholders that the Montezuma Mining
Company of Washington has the , brightest
outlook of any newly organized mining com-
pany In the West, or for that matter in the
United States to-day. Our stockholders are
a satisfied lot, and, to the best of our knowl-
edge, not one of them would part with his
holdings. This, in view of the widespread
discontent among the bolders of oil stock, is
a significant fact
The Montezuma Company rigidly adhere,
as they always will, to the co-operative Idea.
This they could well afford to do from pure
selfishness If for no other reason. Now that
the properties are being Wrought to a fair
stage of development and since the large
coal leases have been secured capital is not
lacking— to secure a controlling interest But
these valuable properties will always remain
under the control of the numerous holders
of Montezuma shares. The people who are
helping to build tip the business may depend
absolutely upon eharing In the profits.
There is every reason to believe that the
Montezuma Mining Company will be to Wash-
ington 'what the Mountain Copper Company
of Shasta. County is to California— the leader
in the copper Industry and the biggest divi-
dend payer In the State. The Mountain Cop-
per Company was exploited In England and
hundreds of English people profit from its
products, over gLOOO.OOO having been paid in
dividends for 1S00 and $500,000 added to the
reserve fund. It is the fixed Intention of the
Montezuma Company that the people of our
own country be given the exclusive privilege
of contributing to its development fund and
thereby share exclusively in the profits. The
Montezuma has many natural advantages
that the Mountain Copper Company does not
possess. First, its proximity to the seaboard,
being only forty miles from the port of Ta-
coma on Pnget Sound; second, ' a self-fusing
ore carrying high percentages of copper;
third, abundance of timber and water on its
own properties; fourth, the production of Its
_. own. coal . and coka from, its- ' 2000 acres of
leased lands; fifth, the consumption of this
coke in its own smelter in the reduction of
its ores. "Money saved is money earned."
and the Montezuma Company will i be able
to keep operating expenses very low.
We quote from the prospectus: "Resolved,
That It is the fixed policy of this company
to distribute as dividends to stockholders all
set profits earned by the company. ' We are
- opposed to the policy of reinvesting such
earnings without the consent of the stock-
holders, believing that whatever benefits
them conduces to the interests of the com-
pany." Tills means that while dividends
will be paid this fall from the coal and coke,
no portion of the surplus earnings therefrom
can be used to continue development on the
copper properties or for the building of a
smelter. Stock must be sold to accomplish
both these objects. The company's pay roll
Is now approximately $3000 a month, and will
- be -verr largely increased during the sum-
mer. The company cannot, therefore, take
the risk of having their revenue curtailed by
advancing the stock at once to its true values.
It Is for this reason that only a nominal
advance Is made from month to month. The
1 advance after the payment of the promised
dividend— "but that's another story."
- The price* now, and until May 15, owing to
' a concession made to us by tho Montezuma
Company In honor yt "Presidential week,"
- when many of our country clients plan to
visit us and! Increase their holdings, are lOo
cash or. 12c on easy installments. The pur-
chaser -of 8000 shares will be entitled to a
trip to the mines and return at our expense.
Our special train leaves San Francisco June
15, touching at principal Sound points. . Fare,
including sleeper, $40 for the round trip. Our
excursion folder will give full Information.
We will supply Montezuma prospectus, maps
and other printed matter on request
THB AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST
COMPANY. Financial Agents, 810 Safe
Deposit Building. Corner California and
Montgomery sts.. San Francisco, Cal.
Telephone Main SSC3.
MINING AXD ASSAYING.
G 9hR mlne for sale: 10 Btam P»: Paying: price
MoOO: half down, terms for" balance. Address
box 273, Grass Valley. Cal.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. and MRS. DAVIES.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES.
Lea-ling ladles' specialists.
t~..*«* * .. Leading ladles' specialists.
Located . for 10 yeans at
Located for 10 years at
1228 Market st
- Above Sixth st ' m8 Market Bt -
Above Sixth st.
We have no branch offices.
\\ e have no branch offices
Cut this out
Cut this out.
RemembeT. the numtwr, 1228 Market
Remember the number, 1228 Market
A- TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to' give
instant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped: no 1
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL 1122
Market Bt. next to , Owl Drug store.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market-Reliable Ia- '
dels' specialist; best medical care; low fees.
Al - "• ¦ -"¦¦—.-• ..'-._¦...
REAL ESTATE— CITT— POR SALE.
BALDWIN . & HOWELL, '
' . .-\ 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
' •' BARGAINS.
$3500. -. ... .
Rents $34 per month; Harriet st: 4 flats of t
rooms each; lot -25x73. ¦ ¦wu—B»»fcai
.- ~ $6400.
• Leavenworth St.. near Clay; house, 3 rooms,
bath, basement, furnace, etc.
$5500.
i Near Pine and Powell sts. ; house of S rooms
and bath; lot has double frontage; suitable for
flats; splendid ' location. ..
$7200.
Jackson and Jones sts.; lot 25x112:6; 1 flats,
S and 6 rooms and bath each; rents $600 a year.
- $3800. -:¦•> . .
Rents $38 per month; 4 separate flats on Treat
ave.; always rented; see these at once.
$1750.
Church st.; 2-story building; store and flat of
5 rooms; lot 23x80; rents $25 per month.
$3000.
Clementina st. near First; lot 25x75; brick
building, containing 10 rooms; rents $27.
$4000.
Treat ave., near Twenty-flfth st; lot 23x115:8
to rear street; cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
basement.
O'Farrell and Buchanan sts.; cottage of 4
rooms; lot 25x123; fronting on 1 streets.
- . $3000. :. ¦
Rents $37 per month; 2 flats of 4 and S rooms
and bath; Nineteenth st, near Sanchez.
$6000. ' ¦ . '
Make an offer; must be sold; 2 good flats on
Oak st, near Buchanan.
$2250.
CHpper-st. cottage, 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; lot 25x114.
_ ,...".. $2500.
Eighteenth st, near Castro; driveway below,
stable In rear and flat above; ¦ suitable for ex-
pressman.
$3500.
Bryant ave.. near Twenty-sixth St.; new 2-
story house, 6 rooms and bath.
$350 CASH. .
For a nice 4-room and basement cottage; $956
can be paid In $12 monthly Installments; loca-
tion No. 159 Corbett road, near Elghteenth-st.
electric cars. . •
$2700.
Rents $23; 2 flats; Natoma. st, near Four-
teenth.
$3000.
Dorland st; lot 30x115; house, 8 rooms and
bath. .
-• T«\; $5200.'- ¦-'-> f '¦
Shotwell st. near Twentieth; 45x122:6: house.
9 rooms and bath.
... $8200.
-Worth $15,000; northwest corner Jones and
Lombard sts.; 73:6x«S:9; house cost $15,000 to
build; bargain. ¦
. . .BALDWIN & HOWELL.
¦ : 10 Montgomery st
LYON & HOAG. „ ~ ~~~'~
114 * Montgomery street.
$9,600— Rent $97 50; three handsome new flats
i of 6 rooms and bath: extra* large lot;
,, best sun and light possible in Cats;
t ¦ beet portion of Panhandle district; offer
wanted. . '•"'/-;
$7,250— Rent $67 50; 2 brand new flats of 6 and i
: . 7 ¦ rooms, bath, etc; large lot; Park
¦'.- • Panhandle district; splendid district;
will always be rented.
14,700— New bay-window residence of. 7 rooms,
bath, etc : finished in good taste in the
¦ latest "style; easy terms If desired; Park
I Panhandle district; best home for the
• - mocey in the city.
$?000— Flno two-story residence, commanding
supeib marine view; 8 rooms with base-
' ment, containing laundry; almost brand
, new; on sunny side of the street; extra j
large lot, 30x137:6; rented for $62; a
- beautiful home In a select neighbor-
hood close to Fillmore street
$20,000— Splendid corner. Investment on Sutter
street; extra large ¦ lot. ?5x9O; present;
rents $150; could.be Increased by small
expenditure of. money; improvement '
¦ ' good and substantial. I
$4,600— Rent $48; Broadway, near Leavenworth:
• -¦ 3 new flats;; always rented: In good
condition; an excellent Income proposl- i
¦ tlon. . !
$10,600— Handsome flats; "sunny side of Page !
street; 2 exceptionally finished flats; al- |
• . ways rented: cost over $10,000 to build. '
$6,£00— Offer wanted; rent »58; near Guerrero
and Fourteenth sts. ; 3 flats of 6, 5 and '
. 6 rooms; lot 25x100. >
$5000— Rent $50; Twenty-fourth-st flats; 2
modern, well-built flats; lot 23x114;
- good investmenv
$5,000— Rent $45: cheapest flats In city; Park
Panhandle district: 2 fiats of 5 and 6 i
rooms and bath each; lot 25x137:6; j
overlooks the i>ark.
A BRAND NEW COTTAGE.
$1,350— Only $200 cash; $11 monthly; contains 4
-'¦ S rooms, porcelain bath; Wisconsin, near
Twenty-fourth; a few minutes' walk
from the cars. .
.- ::, .'¦:. . LYON & HOAG,
¦ - . " 114 Montgomery st.
VON RHETN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
- . 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$12.000— Union st, near Taylor; 25:9x128:9; 3
modern flats and rear house; rents $99 50.
$8250— McAllister st, near Stelner; 26:6x110;
house of 7 rooms and bath.
¦ $7000— Folsom st, near Fourth; store and flat;
rent ?65: 25x80.
$6750— Vallejo, near Laguna: 22:10x87:6; house
ot^ll rooms and bath; rent £45,
$o500 — Buchanan st, near Post; ?4xS7:6; house
of -7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$5125— Post St.. near Baker; 25x137:6; 2 flata;
rents $37. ' V
$5000—Callfornia St., near Webster; 25x13. :6;
house of 6 rooms.
• $3000— Corner Leavenworth Jand Broadway;
cottage and 2 flats; rent $-11.
$4500— Pine st,.near Buchanan; 25x110; house'
of 7 rooms.
$3900— Harriet. St., near Bryant; 25x75; 3-story
building: rents $10. rtTf^^VTfflMIWIB
$3850— California st. near First ave.; 24x63;
house of 8 rooms and bath.
$3750— Jones St., near Vallejo; 43:10x53:9; four
flats; rents $40 50." .
$3350— Clementina st, near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $23.
UNIMPROVED. ¦
$18, COO — Union, near Mason: 93:6x137:6.
$5500— Greenwich St., near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$4800— Union st.' near Webster; 68:9xl37:«.
$3500— Fulton st, near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
. $3000— Laguna st, near Page: 25x100.
, $2500-^Cor. Thirtieth and Dolores; 26:6x100.
, $1600— Florida st. near 18th: 50x100/
$1250 each— Dolores, near 3Cth; 23xlC0; 2 lots.
$1000— Emma St., near 14th; 25x90.
. $650— Lake., near 13th ave.; S0x7J.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO..
Room 2. 7th floor. Mills building.
$6250— Pacific Heights . corner: 68:9x87:6; mar-
-- Ine view; on Flllmore-st. car line.
$65,000— Splendid hotel site; on Sutter st: 3
«, ~,-.--. .blocks from Kearny; lot nearly 70x137:6;
improvements rent for $253.
$15,400—3 modern flats on N. side O'Farrell st.:
- annual rent $1260; owner going abroad;
make, an offer.'
$12,500— Annual rents $1224; ' Scott st; houses
and flats;' very sunny.
$10,000— Exceedingly choice Presidio Heights
corner; fine marine view; 50x143.
$5500— Large corner; good manufacturing site;
• 137:6x120.
$1000 . and upward — Mission warm ' belt lots;
'.*¦. -.-'. very desirable; convenient to cars;
. ' good locality.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO..
Mills Building.
Seventh floor, room 2, near elevator.
SUNNYSIDK.
$1350— New modern 6-room oottase; grand view;
.. .worth $2000; must be sold; your own-
. terms. • .
$1250— Desirable 6-room house; this property
will be sold for mortgage: payment $250
2 cash, balance $14 per month.
.... INGLESIDE.
$1800— Modern house of 6 rooms and bath; on
' Faxton .ave.,- near racetrack; free water.
$G0OC— Beautiful modern residence of 8 rooms,
.bath, conservatory; stable and other
. > buildings; lawn, flowers and shrubbery;
'; lot 10Oxll2:fi; small payment down, bal-
ance installments. '¦
$700— 4-room cottage; nice. home; no payment
1 ' down; monthly payment $9 80.
A. B. R UDELL, 222 Sansome st., r. 2. 1st floor.
WAKB UP AND STUDY YOUR INTEREST.
¦ $2 190— New 6-room . house . on Hoffman ave.,
near Twenty-third st, Heyman Tract: now
building; terminus of Twenty-fourth-st. electric
cars; easy terms; rent money will pay for it.
and In - 10 years you will have saved S249O In-
stead of giving it. to the landlord; I have made
over 500 people happy with homes, and am still
continuing. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
$12.500— $9000 MORTGAGE can remain; 2 flats
- and store; rent $100; new building; lot 25xi>0;
i McAllister St., near Buchanan; building alone
. cost . $14,0CO; must sell at once. Manhattan
..Loan Co.,; seventh floor Crocker building."
$4500—2 FLATS flot 40x53: I30OO can remain on
, mortgage ;• corner Buchanan st, near- McAl-
lister; building rent* $33; If improved at ad-
ditional coat of. $2000 .will rent (4 flats) for
- $70; this Is a- fine small Investment. Man-
hattan Loan Co., seventh floor Crocker bldg.
$40.000— ELEGANT ccrner : on ' Geary St., con-
sisting, of -7 modern houses; rents $230 per
- month; always rented; stone sidewalks; both
. streets accepted by the city; 137:6x87:6. G.
• H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
$3000— MODERN bay-window . house , and lot.
i rooms and bath; -brick foundation; 10 fooi'
basemen t ; near 3 car lines ; no reasonable of-
fer-refused; part cash; no agents; house
ooen: dally till '• 12.', 1304' Church st, near
Twenty-seventh. .
JUST compIetM: • fine '¦ Income paying property:
N.W. cor. Geiden Gate and Seymour aves. :
east" of "Devisadero; 2 of ... these, charming
( . sunniest .. of _ sunny flats rented last, week
.for* $45 and' $55; containing 8 rooms each,
with every latest Improvement See owner on
. .premises dallyor 40 Montgomery St. room 7.
$10,000— HANDSOME: 10-room residence. ' corner.
, on Pacific Heights; 27:6x115. P. ROTHEK-
, MEL. 607 California Bt. '• ?
$100 .; EACH— Level -lota; 25x100; near electric
can : Mission road ; - want i offer to close out
P. ROTHERMEL. 507. California st
$1300— HOUSE 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x120; In
•/Sunset district; south of Park; see owner on
premises.: 1625 Tenth ave., Sunset district,
: city. ¦ .-;- :¦ r ¦ - r -
SELECT; your ' lot anywhere: we .will buy tit
for. you. erect a house tc suit and sell It to
- you , on • very easy : terms. " THE ; MCCARTHY
.;.«V.«« Market st. . -
REAL JB8TATO--CITY-—FOB * A 1^
- .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
S3t Uarfest st.
¦ *
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCES— Twa
elegant residences of t rooms and bath; son-
ny side' street; fine surrounding a ; «v«ry
modern convenience; lots 25x137:8 fset: will
sell separately; make offer; price $8000 each.
CHEAP.
CHEAP.
CHEAP.
SIX FINE WELL-BUILT FLATS of 4. and
3 rooms; rents $318; lot 23x112 fe«t; near
Sixth and Howard sts.; will be sold tor
highest bid over present offer of $3500.
SNAP.
8NAP.
SNAP.
LARGE BEAUTIFUL HOME on» block fWBi
. Park Panhandle. 9 rooms and bath; bank
mortgage $3300 can remain; larger mortsas* .
if desired; will be sold for coat of lmprore-
• menu; this great big snap must be sold;
see this at once; price $5000.
NEW.
NEW.
FINEST CORNER IN THB TVESTBRJT AD-
DITION— Ren t3 low; $2100; 6 new motors
? flats; lot 41 foot frontage; guaranteed In-
crease In value; price $27,800.
BARGAIN.
MODERN 8COTT-8T. R1C9 IDJEtfCX. • ' rooaasi
, and bath; porcelain bath; tiled mantels I
handsome and attractive appearaMe; caa
arrange any terms; price $6000.
INTEREST.
6 FLATS OF 4 ROOMS— Never 1«» and »aj.
lnc every month $52; large lot;- S3: • frost*
age; Improvements alone cost double pn©«
asked; first-class condition; the best Inrwrt-
ment for the money to-day; price $5000.
FEW STEPS FROM PANHANDLBJ and
Halght-st cars; nice bay-window home ci »
rooms and bath; bltumlnlzed street; pile*
EASTON. ELDRIDGB A CO.. "¦
m Market rt.
EASTON. EI1>RIDGE ft CO.. «*_J_
63S Market Street.
y< -Bargains
.'Snaps!
• ' ¦•vvf >?v Foreclosures !
X Estates I
' All Must Be Sold!
• f All Must Be Soldi
AUCTION!
V..: AUCTION! •
. AUCTION! i ¦
TUESDAY, May 28th. 1901,
At 13 O'clock Noon,
At Our Salesroom. 6J8 Market Street.
MARKET-BT. INVESTMENT— No. 1131 Ma*
ket st. nr. Brady st; lot 3*:llxl2*:« ft; Im-
provements, stores and flats; sold by order
court; rare chance to secure a bargain.
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT— Southeast side.
Nos. 847-49-81 Bryant St.. 83 :« southwest c<
Boardman place; 4 well-built flats of 3 rooms
each; always rented at $32 per monta.
CFARRELL-ST. CORNER— Northeast corner
Laguna and O'Farrell sts.: 62:6x95 feet; elegant
| northeast corner, situated In the best portion of
I the Western Addition and a most desirable site
! for flats, which would readily rent for high
j rentals. .\
' DOWNTOWN FLATS ON_ELLIS ST.— North
' side, Nos. 1156-38-60 Ellis st. 175 feet east of
j Octavia st; 27:6x137:8 ft; 3 elegant modern flata -
! of 9 rooms and bath, just finished; sunny side
1 street: nothing finer In the city; rents $1740; -
I five minutes' walk from Market and Kearny
I streets. .
FULTON-ST. CORNER— Southwest cor. Bu-
chanan; 87:6xS4 feet; choice site, ready for
; building; street bltumlnlzed; cement sidewalk;
I must be sold. :
TWENTIETH-ST. CORNER— Northwest cor-
ner. No. 3574 20th st and Lexington ave. (for-
merly Stevenson St.); Nos. 284-88-88 Lexington
ave.: store and flat of 7 rooms and bath and 2
flats of 3 and 4 rooms; lot 30x83 feet; total tents
$78 per month; a fine business corner.
BRYANT-ST. LOT— Northwest side Bryant
St.. S5 feet northeast of Ninth st; 43x90 feet; a
fine lot which. If properly Improved, would pay
large Interest on the money invested.
POINT LOBOS-AVE. CORNER— Southeast
corner of Point Lobos ave. and Cook st; 40x125
feet; a fine business corner on the principal
business street of the Richmond.
RICHMOND , BUILDING LOTS— East, sfde
Boyce st. 73 feet north of St Rose's st; 60x120
ft; fine' site for a home: must be sold.
¦ £> . .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE tk CO.,
«38 Market street
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market street.
Opposite Kearny §tre*t
Genuine Bargains . In Best Portion of City.
$120,000— Vicinity First and Mission sts.; on*
tenant; long lease; new brick and iron
building; lot 9400 square feet; this beats
bonds or banks.
$80,000— Van Ness ave. corner; 120 ft Van Nese
ave.; three, frontages; choicest on the
avenue; prospective Investors see this.
$75,000— Corner, block from Powell and Ellis;
two stores and two lodging-houses:
never vacant; 60 ft frontage; no prop-
erty like this on the market any more:
rent about $400. :j_
$55,0CO— Post-st. corner, downtown; splendid
building; 80 ft front; paying 8 per cent
net.
$36.000— Downtown Mission-street bargain; 79
• feet front; this- Is a rare buy; the largest
' . ' let to be bad on Mission street to-day.
$25.000— Best improved north of Market st.
cloee to Geary st. and Grant ave.; four*
story and basement - brick building: ' 40
feet frontase: rent $170. '
$18,0CO— Howard et., near Third; splendid four-
stcry and basement structure: no better
' buy to be had In this district; low rents
at $125. : •¦"--. -
$17,600— Western Addition business property:
stores and flats on best street: 50 ft lot:
this is a clean Investment; rents $107.
$12,500— Sansome-st corner, wholesale district;
¦ 35 ft. ' frontage ; rents $100. . . -
$3,600— McAllister-st. income property, near
Octavia: two front&sea; rents $33 per
month; lot S7:«xl2O feet
$3,750— O'Farrell st; three houses; lot 45xS>
ft.; rents $40; price reduced from $5000;
cannot be beat
A- M. SPECK A CO..
667 Market street. _
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Realty and rents both goto* BP.
Secure a lot from us and be Independent.
$500 to $800— Graded lots la Saniet District:
superb view; selling rapidly; $10 monthly.
$350 to $75*— Choicest RIchmonds lots; ftt
monthly.
$75. $100 to $350— Level Ocean Boulevard lota;
all bargains; $3 monthly. EBRh
$73, $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlssion-wt
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
$500, $1000 to $3500— Splendid cottages; remark-
ably cheap; choice locations; easy terms. :
- Branch office. Ninth ave.. near H at. Sunset.
SOL GETZ ft BRO..
64 Chronicle Bulldlnr.
' . . . r f
TWO choice and well located lots. 36x120. ia
Richmond; price reduced to $885 each: a splen-
did buy; on west side of Eleventh ave.. north
from Clement: on the elevated ground; fine
- marine view; all, street work dene; electrlo
cars within a few steps; the lots coat $1250
- each, and were selected on account of the lo-
cation and view. yi'ijssnii.1 smi usiUPMiaeg
W. J. GUNN. S30 California st.
THE 3 cheapest lots in Richmond ; nothing to
equal them; only $635 each: on Sixth and Sev-
enth aves.. near Point Lobos ave. ; ready for
building: 4 lines of cars. W. J. GUNN. 830
California st. - ¦ , ¦ . ;
TWO choice »Iots on north or sunny side ot
Union st: on the hill Just east of Scott: grand
marine ' view; elevated ground* street work
done, basalt blocks, stone pavement; 23x110;
'.very cheap; only $15C0 each; cars pass; ready
I for building; Just the location for flats or nice
residence; the marine view will rent them.
W, J. ¦, GUNN. 530 California st
SOUTHWEST corner of Pacific ave. and Laur-
el st; l?J:«xl27:S; full 50-vara corner lot; un-
obstructable view; must be sold: will take
$15.600. 602 California st. room 7.
FOR sale— Well-constructed. ' modern residence.
8 rooms and bath, in a desirable location
: near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
SMALL cozy ccttage cheap. Apply 1671 Ninth
•ave.. Sunset Heights, near Golden Gate Park.
For 'Additional Classified AdTertlae-
ments Se« Pago Thirty*
REAL ': ESTATE-— -CITY— FOR SALE.
1 p. H. UMBSEN &'. CO.'. 14" Montgomery : st.
1 $14,000— Elegant corner residence on Stelner st;
1 . -—r contains 10 rooms; bath; perfectly mod-
. - ern; 45x75/
$18,000— Nice corner on Valencia st;-well lm-
. proved ; • rented -to permanent v tenants
for $126 per , month; 65x117:6 ¦ to small
" • street * in rear; in good order. - -. -. •' . .
• $2(, 500— Near 4th: and Howard sts.: good im-
provements; renting for $207 per month;
. runs through ' and fronting on rear
¦ ~~ street; mortgage of $21,000 in Hibernla
I Bank; must be sold; 60 feet front.
$2,800— Grocery store property ¦ near >• 18th • and
. . ¦ Mission "¦ sts. ; Improvements , consist of
, ' store and 4 rooms and flat of 5 • rooms
above; rent $25 per, month; 25x80.. ¦
. $9,250— Near First and Howard sts.: 10 flats
renting for $1230 per annum; 60 feet
front. ¦"^•^BsMsSH^VMSl
$18,500— Jackson st,, near Webster; large,
: modern, bay-window ¦ residence of 12
rooms; 24:4V4xl27:S%. . ¦
*S5,000-rFlne corner on Van Ness ave.; cov-
! ered at present 1 with old Improvements;
'rents nominal; would, pay handsomely
If Improved ;«0xl07.
• J10.250— 3 bay-window flats of' 7 rooms and
' baths on Ellis st, close to Laguna st;
rents ISO per month; 25x120 to rear
! . street. .-'.-•.
$9,000— To close an estate; fine business corner
in. the Mtfslon; 2 stores and 2 flata of
6 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
1 $77 60; can be improved to pay .well;
- 44:11x76:0.
$20,000—6 modern flats close to the Park; al-
. ways rented at $2100 ¦ per annum; 60x
-"137:8.
1 $40,000— Kddy st, near Van . Ness; 6 modern
flats of 10 rooms and bath each; rents
$3000 per annum; 50:2x120 to rear street.
BOVEE, TOY &. SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented,' Rents Collected and Full
. Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market Street
$2D,000— Pine corner in the Western Addition;
lot 87:6x87:6 feet, with 6 modern houses upon
name: rents $l£0 per month; always rented.
$12,500— Page St., near Market st. ; 2 nice flats
of 7 and 8 rooms and bath; lot 27x120 feet; rents
$S0 per month; mortgage for $4200, which can
remain. .:\.,\
$6700— Scott st, near O'Farrell st: fine pair of
flats and rear cottage; lot 25x90 feet; rents $52 SO
per month.- ¦
$6500—3 flats on 26th st., near Mission; lot 42x
165 feet;; rents $05 per month; lot runs through
to rear street.
$6500— Modern residence on Scott st, opposite
Duboce Park; contains 8 rooms and bath; lot
25x122:6 feet.
$5500— Eddy Bt. near Buchanan st; 3 flats and
' a cottage; lot 25x120 feet through to Locust ave.;
street bltumlnlzed and stone sidewalk; rents $50
per' month; mortgage of $4200 on same, which
can remain.' . ¦ -" • . . .
$5500— Bush st., north side; nice house of 11
rooms and bath; lot 25x75 feet; In good condi-
tion; owner. must sell; make offer.
$5000 — 19th st, near Valencia; nice house of 8
, rooms and bath; lot 2Cx85 feet; rents $25 per
month; must be sold. " . v
$3600—2 flats and rear cottage on Minna st,
between. 6th and 7th sts. ; lot 25x75 feet; rents
$32 per month; always rented. ¦ '
$3300— Silver st;, near 3d st. ; 2 houses and rear
cottage; rents $38 per month. •
$2800— Shipley «t, near 4th st; flats of 4 and 5
rooms; In good/ condition; rents $33 per month.
$1300— Mo&ertf cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
near Union Iron Works; rented for $12 50 per ,
month; good tenant. ¦ -.-...
$3000—2 flats or' 5 and 4 rooms and bath, near
17th and Sanchez sts. ;: rents $25 per month;
owner anxious to sell; would like to get offer, i
Lots in Mission' and Richmond District at
. very low prices.
Further particulars of - ?V:,?'v
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAQ.
MADISON & BURKE.
- Established January, 1858.
. Real Estate Asents. ,
Full Charse Taken of Property. . . \ I
i -626 Market st.,' opposite Palace Hotel.
• Double house on Bush st, near Grant ave.;
brick; rent $50; lot 38x63; $12,000.- • -
$3000— Beautiful 7-room house near Eighteenth
and Castro sts.: must sell on account of sick-
ness: let 25x100; house In best condition. .
. $2500— Offer wanted; brick Improvements and
. lot; Clementina St., near First; lot 25x75; $1000
mortgage can remain. -..¦¦--'
Cheap— O'Fariell st, near Devisadero: con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $25;
only ?2»00. . ¦ . ¦¦ ,
'. $55004Broadway, near Octavia st ; 7 " rooms
and bath; a. nice home in choice section; lot
26x131. -
$4500— Twentieth. st. near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable; lot 28x114.
$15,000— Beautiful modecn house In the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
J2500— Twenty-flfth st, near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath. , . -
S50C0— Post st, near Baker: lot and Improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; must be sold to
close estate.
$6500— Pine st..' near Scott; two flats; rents
$07 50; lot 252137 :6. .. ,
Laundry building with 2 flowing wells^of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north line
of Lombard st, between fillmore and Steiner;
also lot 152x120 on Chestnut St., in rear; rents
$73 per month; must be sold on account of non-
residence. .-...'. .,
$10,500— Fine vacant property; lot 37:6x90, with !
two corners; Taylor, and Greenwich . sts. ; just
the place for a grocery. ¦ ,, •
$3600— Cheap; Sixth st, near Brannan; 2 flats;'
there is a good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet st, near Howard: lot 60x75
holding frontage to Sixth st. ; rent $56.'
- $1950— Florida St.. near Twenty-flfth; cottage
5 rooms end bath;. lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
McAFEE BROTHERS, :
108 Mont<*omery ¦ st
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
House on NW. corner; 9 rooms and bath;
sun In every room; finished basement: price
$7500. • ' " .
\ CUM RENTS $66. PRICE $6250.
House and flats on Vallejo st. ; in good con-
dition; new plumbing, etc.; always rented-
large sunny lot, 43:9x137:6; on north' side of
street. . * 1
FOLSOM-STREET PROPERTY. "':'**}%
50-f t. frontage, on the north side of Folsom
St., between 7th and '8th; old Improvements
bringing. in a nominal rent; owner anxious to
sell; offer wanted.
INCOME PROPERTY.
Downtown flats, bringing In • rents • of $2130
yearly; price only $19,000: a safe, good buy.
-- •• • • < CAPP STREET. i ... _ .
Six-room cottage and bath in the warni belt
price $3100; also 8-room cottage on Capp st,
near ISth, 30-ft. lot; price $4000.
. . IN THE I MISSION.'
On 20th st, near Mission; 9 rooms and bath;
could be turned into flats: price $4100.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Cheap corner lot, commanding ¦ marine view;
on Pacific ave. ; near -fine residences; price
$12,000/ • - - . .,
- SOUTH OF MARKET STREET.
Shipley st, near 8th; 4 flats; rent $40; owner
anxious to sell; Drlce I3fiOO. . . k ,_-.
CHEAP COTTAGE. '
27th st., near Sanchez; 3 rooms and base-
ment; -large lot; price only $12C0.
GOUGH-STREET RESIDENCE.
Fine large residence onGough st. ; 14 rooms;
large lot, S7:6xl37:6:.a fine home; price $18,000.
¦ RICHMOND HOME.
6-room house on 15th ave. ;. very large rooms;
could be turned Into flats; price $3250. ¦ •
Send for list of cheap lots. '¦ -¦
,-..-. McAFEE BROTHERS. -
¦ 108 Montsomery st
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine St., near Montgomery.
$3000— Two 2-story front and' rear, houses;
rents J420 per annum; Tehama st, near Fourth.
54250 — Howard st. near Sixteenth: fine 2-
story house with brick basement; 10 rooms,
bath, etc.: lot 32:6x126; a bargain..-. •
$11,000— Rent $1488 per annum; a corner. prop-
erty in- the business part of. the city. ¦•
$2250 each— Rents $23 per month: two 8-story
double flats, near Bryant and Sixth sts. ; a
snap. ¦ : . -. ' ' •:•'¦ - - -¦¦¦'•:•;.'¦.>
$.1000— A , fine double flat opposite Golden Gate
Park and Stanyan St.; rent $45 per month. ¦•
$8000— Rents $744 per annum; 4 flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath at the entrance to Panhandle
of Park. ¦ . . . -. . ' . -;. • , , ¦ . . ..- •
$22,500 — Rent $13S0 per annum; on McAllister
St.," near Laguna; 55x120 to rear street
$2100— Rent $1SO; Eighteenth st, near Dolores.
' $4800— Make offer; rent $385 per annum; 2 fine
flats on Folsom St., nr. Fourth; always rented.'
•¦$10,000— Five cottages and lot 100 feet front by
82:6 feet depth; on Eddy st, near Scott
$5750 — Rents'. $535 per annum; a fine 3-story
house, store and 2 flats upstairs; on Geary at,
near Flllmore. : ' ' ' ' '
HAWKS & SKELTON. ' : - S <
Rents Collected and Entire-Charge Taken '-.
¦"¦ ¦ of ' Property. • •
• $15.000— Octavia st, near California; handsome
residence, . 11 rooms; >. billiard-room and large
basement; large lot; sunny all day; sold to close
estate. • ¦ • -. — *> ¦JXJSF*'ml WJiHI«isaiBWBWSB>HW
Old Pioneer Hall, on, Montgomery st. • corner
Gold, near Jackson; can be repaired for a few
thousand; will pay well; lot 33:6x137 and L 20x
40: rents last year, over $170 per month. -
$2500— Cottae-e, ' 8 ' rooms : Tennessee st. near
Union Iron ¦ Works: - rents steadily $20; a bar-
gain. ; ¦ ' ; "'' • " ¦ .:¦¦._:¦¦¦ . !
¦ $3000— Lot on south side Chestnut st, west of
Hyde; 27:6x110; fine view of bay.'
$3500— Lot E. of Broderick st, near Grove; 52x
110: choice location for flats, "a home or specu-
lation: will divide... ¦•'.'.•¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦.
¦ HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
FOR SALE BY ' ¦ ¦ --.V>\ ."
......;... JULIEN SMITH
Real E.otate Agent. ¦ 420 Montgomery et.
. . ... UNIVERSITY ¦ HOMESTEAD ....:. .':'
NE. corner of Oxford and Bacon; -lot 100x120;
: must be sold quickly to close estate; no rea-
¦ sonable bid "refused.- / • ¦'' ' -¦ : •
............MISSION WARM BELT..'.'.........
:$0OC0 only:for;a beautiful home' that* cost
.'$12,000 or more;' cash required, $500 -or; $1000 ;
• large lot ; ¦ cross - line electric cars ; smooth
istreets and pavement. :, ¦¦ " : . . ¦' ¦;¦•-'
".:.....-.... ...VAN NES3 AVENUE...V.~'..1:..
j. Choice site f or^ hotel,' ;. club,* . church ' or ' of flee
building: 3 > frontages : and 4 large : houses.
.. Please . call 1 for ; particulars. ¦'.--. ...
SMALL', payment, down. t balance monthly; 2
fine flats - on ; Hartford st., near 20th: pun in
every room; all modern. OSCAR HEYMAN.-
14 ; Post : st. . .«. f v v* ¦ '¦"¦ \ ¦- .-' •¦ . : • : .
2 FLATS" 5 rooms each; south of Market; : lot
23x75: rents: $24: ¦ only ; $25CO; great bargain.
DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market St. • ¦-'. . .;. J" r
NEW 6-room' house on" Clipper, bet.' Church and
y Sanchez. H.FEIGE;: easy .terms.' ;V.';r ,.':*
FINE level lots,> near 'cars. $125, $150 and $2C0
¦ each : cottages,- $800. $900," $1000 and $1500 each.
THISTLETON.'. 272 Sadowa str. Ocean View.'
FOR sale-r-New '4-room; and ! bath.' cottasres. 61-
54 Prospect ave.. Mlasion: : terms. ;1
C. OIL LANDS. ;• ' ,
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands , in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to Invest In stocks' of the leading oil
. companies call. on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON, 801 Exajplner building.
TO I exchange for oil stock, land - or merchan-
dise, 8 acres, new 4-room cottage, fine fruit
" land and chicken ranch in noted health re-
sort; Paso Robles; clear of debt. Call even-
Ings, ; lower . flat. 805 Eleventh st. Oakland.
TO sell, 20 acres proven land,' adjoining San
Joaquln Oil Co. ; a great bargain for - capi-
talists. Call for S. T. ALLEN, 474 Parrott
building, San Francisco. : ¦ ¦¦;•
76 000 ACRES oil land In various counties for
lease and sale. ROBINSON. 86 Geary st. r. 6.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, .16' pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada * one year for $1,
postage paid.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
t* up. Jensen & Bath. 808 Blxth; open even.
PALMISTRY
H. JEROME FOS8ELL1, scientific! palmist, 613
Taylor st, bet. Geary and Post; tel. Dlack 681.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; character read-
lng; lessons In class, private. 204 Ellis, r. 18.
PARTNBIIS WANTED.
»i ~~
WANTED— Doctor as partner on new dlscov-
ery. Box 8893. Call office.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
PRO P. CAMPPELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy Co. have removed their
offices to 385 and 387 Geary st, where they
will be pleased to meet old friends and make
. new acquaintances. The Star Hair Remedy
Is the only preparation which restores the
natural color to gray and faded hair, cures
dandruff, stops falling and grows new hair;
not a dye; no stain to scalp or linen: clean
3 and pleasant to use; makes the hair soft and
glossy. Sold by druggists and hairdressers,
or at above address. ,
OIL!! Struck it rich In Colusa— Oil!! "Just
Because Oil Co." incorporated. Q. — How may
we dispose of shares rapidly? A.— By taking
lessons in "personal magnetism" at "College
of Natural • Therapeutics," Parrott building;
right In the oil district and strictly up to
date; begin now. DR. S. TURMAN CO.,
tel.' Folsom 2554. ' ' ' . - " ' ¥
ALL notice that the Hlrsultine Co. of St.
Ann's building has removed to 34 Kearny st,
-^ first floor, rooms 11 and 12, where I am now
> prepared to treat falling and gray hair,
\ dandruff, bald heals, etc. Those who , only
need 3hampoolng will be pleased with results
here; conoultation free. MRS. E. R. Dunlap.
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to
get well without knife, drugs or worthless
Instruments; a scientific method of treatment.
Nervo-Pathlc Co.. 1SS2 Market st, opposite
Odd Fellows' Hall. . . .
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
ehade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Sntter st -
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, cail
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4^8 Geary st. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts cf the world; call or send for circular.
WANTED— To know the whereabouts of CARL
JfikHAN NELSON, born at Falkenberg. Kal-
mar, Sweden. His sister. would like to have"
any information concerning him. 69 Pond st,
San Francisco. Cal. ¦¦ .-
WANTED— Information respecting the. where-
abouts or death and relatives of CHARLES I
MATHESON, who lived In San Francisco in
1892. Address RIGBY & RIGBY. Attorneys,
212 Sansome st., San Francisco.
YOUNG man, American, good habits, wishes
to meet young lady; object matrimony. Box
3692, Call office. ¦ . ' • ' ¦
TO comfortably witness the launching of the
battleship Ohio from steamer City of Daw-
son you must secure your, tickets to-day be-
fore speculators take them up; $1 and $2.
Call 301 Examiner bldg.; phone Main 1693." ¦
NOTICE Is hereby given that my wife, DOR-
OTHY BOWMAN MOOERS, and myself are
no longer living togmher as man and wife;
that she has no claiiuH upon me for support
and I shall not be . responsible for any debts
contracted by her of any character whatsc-r 1 -
ever. " E. D. MOOERS. *
: Phoenix, Arizona. April ' 20, '1901. j^*tv^
MATERNITY VILLA— Good home with bright
future open for. brunette boy or girl baby, age
10 to 12 months;, also for adoption, brunette
girl baby 3 years old. MRS. DR. FUNKE.
1416 Eighth st, Alameda. . .
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German would
. like to meet , honorable lady, with a view to
marriage. Address box 3636, Call office. •
BEST taste, • "The Superior"; skillful hair
dressing; wrinkles: vanished; gray hair re-
stored; expert masseurs. 14 McAllister, rm. 69.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates.; 10
years' experience./ J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st. '
A WOMAN, one side badly wrinkled, the other
made smooth ; also freckled girl; remedies
guaranteed permanent: call— seeing Is believ-
ing. N. Y. lost Dermatology, 105 Ellis, S. F.
WANTED— Agents in every city to Introduce
Lillle Webb California Olive OH Toilet Soap.
Cream of Rose and Persian Cream. Ad-
dress Griffith Mfg. Co.. sole agents, 614 So.
Broadway. Los ¦ Angeles. . . •
RAO carpets wove to order v and for sale, also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank cr chain, at lowest
ratea. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Flfth.Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain: book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
., West Forty-second st. N. Y. «•
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured ¦ at
home: $5; valuable. Information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. "MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1839 Polk at, San Francisco.
tl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up: fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. -1117
Market at. between Seventh and Eighth. '
ELECTRIC light -In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market; 700 rooms;'
the to $1 B0 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds. flnKl?7 three-ouarter
or double. «2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Eroadway..
SCHOOL to learn halrdressing. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
KUESTER, the "hair- doctor"— Narrow gauge
depot, Oakland; here 20 years; details stamp.
WOMEN, children killed dally through com-
pulsory vaccination. Is this a free country?
POISON oak cured one application or no -pay.
469 Hayes at. . ¦
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat; electrolysis: 17 years' exper.
SPRINO styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st, nr. Sixth.
OLD pold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought' .J. R. JENKEL. 817. Market st. '
Ladles" and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
: sold. J. Silverman. 984 Folsom ;tei. Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER, 20 Montg'y— Watches cleaned
and repalred.no matter what's broken.$l;guar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, nlay books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and molor destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
CHEAPF.ST and best In America— Th<n Weekly,
fall. 16 pages. ' sent to .any address In the
TTnlt»rt Ptwten.nr rVinnrtn r>n» ypar for tl. .
PHYSICIANS AND , SURGEONS. *
DR. C. C~O p DONNEL£-Offlce and residence"
.1021 Market st... between , Sixth . and • Seventh.
DR. . WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of . the human body: »ee
testimonials at office. 11S-.H7 Mason, nr. Kills.
PICNIC SUPPLIES ,
SPECIAL, 10 days only; 3 bottles old Mc-
Brayer whisky for $2. per gal:, '$3; baskets as-
1 sorted wines and champagne from $Mo $3 per
basket; 50CO gals.' Fresno port and sherry from
75c to $1 50 per gal.; 5000 gala.- very old zlnfan-
¦ del, 3."c per gal.: imported porter and Pilsner
beer, per case. $10 50. per doz.. $1 75.* F. Holt-
um, Johannesberg Wine Vault, 517 California.^
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
* * MOHNS. 29 Market st.'.' for finest wines and '
.llouors: blgrest house: open Sundays.
PILES. ¦•.-_':_._¦'_''"
NEARLY ' 1000 permanent cures here ' In your
midst, many ¦ who have suffered » 20 ¦; to 30
years: "over fifty names of prominent ' busl-
. ness men , sent • as ; reference ; no ' chloroform,
, surgery or delay ' from . business, .'.and-, no
• ralves for.' sale; - Particulars., address Physl-
rUn. box 19S0.- Call' office, fl.- F...- Cal. • ; :.
,,g
WANT buy , residence about 8 ! rooms,* Western '
.Addition; state location, price. . Box 3680. Call.
MEDICAL Continned. J
A.— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I -treat, ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
. perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
antecd. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Marirt.
A. — Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female spe-
cialist, cures all female complaints in one
day; the longest and most obstinate cases
relieved without pain; every woman her own
physician; can be eent; experience In all
cases for 37 years: 12 Mason St., near Market.
DR.' AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market, ladles'
(¦peclalists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our ¦ wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless: consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1085 Market st, nr.
Cth— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free. ¦
MRS. DR WYETH. reliable specialist; 26 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment;' home before and during
confinement. 842 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MOXEV^TO LO AN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, planoi, ».tc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. ' P08 Market st
IF YOUR PROPERTY
, IS MORTGAGED
' and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
A30 Market st Loans' on estates In probate,
undivided interests in . estates, second niort-
gages. etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 por cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & /3LSEN.
ANY amount at 6%;. first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIOHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 8. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; .money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
Al— MONEY loaned. CHASE. 64& Market st
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY -loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott building.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country. 6%. undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPER. £97 Parrott bin.
LOANS on salaries without lndorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson. 809 Phelan bldg.
DRAIj direct: furniture, pianos: no removal:
low rate; strictly prlv. Lick, 116 McAllister.
ON ralTles or wages: no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building. '
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room I.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORTJKLL. <"» F.xmnlner buildlne.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella 165 12 Chickerlngs (like
1 Heine baby grand I new) $200
(like new) *3?5 2 Heines $315 un
1 Steinway $1S5'1 Hallet-Davis....:. $465
And fifty others; rents S2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence. Including Hallet-Davls. indorsed by all
the greatest masters: over 50.000 In use in most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co., 217 Geary. ,
ALL nlanos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
8 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New .upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for S3, $4 am
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
rte. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth Et.. Oakland. ';
AT BYRON MAUZY" S.- 308 POST ST.
You are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
lees electric self-playing piano attachment:
' can be put In any piano; also to inspect our
piano factory and see how a piano Is made.
Agent Sohmer.' Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Ham-
ilton, Splelmann planes. ¦
tBSOLUTELY the' oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.' 26. ;
2ft and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all - other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FROM now until June 1 we will have a genu-
ine cash clearance sale of pianos. Customers
can get the best bargains In the city from us
during this paJ*. The ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st. ' ..
S PIANO snaps— $60, »75. $80. $125, flSO; easy,
payments: also Anollo slightly used, a bar-
gain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell
st. Chlckerlng agency.
WE have the piano you want— Haselton— none
better; also other standard makes: Prices and
terms all right THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood building.
GOING to Nome — Must sacrifice elegant 8-nedal
upright piano. 219 Leavenworth St., nr. Eddy.
A— $400; UPRIGHT grand, new, for almost
half. 216 McAllister st ._
$135— STANDART unrleht: cost $425; for sale on
$5 Installments. 1419 Post st
KRANICH & BACH olanos. musicians' delight.
. Sole agency BRUENN. 208 Pest st
YOU can obtnln a fine upright piano at a low
figure. T. H. KILGO. 846 Mission st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 860 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary st.. room 38.
A SMALL Chtrkerlng unright. $125: 6 ucrljrhts.
second-handed: your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
$*S UPRIGHT. «125 Knabe. $135 Steinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1720 MirMnn.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St., you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hartman. 'Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 814 Post
BARGAIN— Must be- sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market nt, 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. 8hqnlnger agency.
STTPKRIOR violins,' zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MUSIC BOXES.
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 15
years; fine Swiss an.i American music boxes
a specialty. 769 Market Bt, bet. 3d and 4th,
south side: thoroughly understands his busi-
ness and the rleht party to deal with.
. OFFICES A3VD STORES TO LET.
'TO rent or lease — Second floor, 620 Market st,
opposite Palace Hotel; Al business location
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market st.
DESIRABLE store on Turk st, adjoining Bay
City Market; rent reasonable. Apply premises.
SMALL desk' room for mail business; all out
of office. J. G. McKIBBAN, Langham Hotel.
LARGE elegant store, 4 rear rooms, basement.
993 Valencia st. ; change to suit. •
SANSOME, 804 — Larjre, handsome store; re-
duced • to $8 per month. -.'.
LIGHT, sunny offices $15 to $20. Emma Spreck-
els building. K27 Market st
OIL. ~~ ~~
WANTED— Purchasers for choice oil lands In
Colusa, ' Kern. McKittrick, Monterey and
Glenn counties;-; a few lncorporators wanted
on choice land, Kern River, 28-28. - W R
THOMAS CO., 409 Examiner building, -San
Francisco; 464 Ninth st, Oakland,- Cal.
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per share, will make you
rich; you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
. anteed by S. F. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust . Co. ; send for
• prospectus. • Pacific States Mining and Invest-
ment Co.. 326 Post st ,
THE'W; R. ''THOMAS CO.— Oil lands In 'the
best districts; investigate:- Fearless OH and
Water Co. : a good- investment: water trans-
. • portation. 409 Examiner big.. 464 9th, Oakland.
ONLY eight 10-acre' tracts * unsold: center of
Shasta County oil belt, near Redding: $15 per
acre: worth more for farming. SALSBURY,
459 Ninth St., Oakland.
WANTED— Oil etock.1 in exchange for. choice
suburban'- property: 4i minutes from. city.
AMBROSE HARRIS, 611-612-613 Examiner
building. ' ¦¦• ¦ -. ': . '. .
OIL lands In the- heart- of Coallnga district
*1 25 per acre. AMERICAN EXPLORATION
CO.. HIS Call building. ¦
OIL tanks, .'second-hand. In good order; all'
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission et. *THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, : MAY ,5, 1901,
Mary Grant, an incorrigible offendU
escaped punishment yesterday by takir
advantage of a legal blunder. She w
tried and convicted in the United " Stat«
District Court on an information chars-
Ing her with selling liquor without an In
ternal revenue license. Yesterday was tha
date fixed for sentence and her attorney
rafsed the point that as the penalty might
be imprisonment in the penitentiary the
offense of which she had been convicted
was. an "Infamous crime" and therefor**
the proceedings against her by informa
tion, Instead of. by an indictment by th*
Grand Jury, was null and void.
Judge da Haven ruled that the> pofn
was well ; taken and discharged the
woman.
MARY GRANT .ESCAPES
BY A LEGAL BLTTNDI
Incorrigible Offender Against tht»
Revenue Laws Slips Through a
Very Convenient Knothole.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
V Carve-i, NY
J Fowler, Philadelphia
H Davis, Canada
J A McCullough. Cal
L E Reppetoe. Cal
C Fehl, Boston
E Fields. Cal
B J Cavanagh. Iowa
Mrs Cavanagh. Iowa
B D Williams. New
W S Keyier, Fasade
H B Palmer. Ohio
O L Overmyer. Va
T Rose, Osden
H N Huff. Toledo
C Welthouf. N T
J Mashek. N Y
M B Helton. N T
PALACE HOTEL.
W Bradshaw. Mo
J S Mlnear, Boston
W M Spauldlng & w,
Worcester
B Havens & w, Oakld
B F Brooks, Bakrsfld
W A DUBois. N Y
F Whiteside. N Y
K Rosenthal, Chicago
A B Abbey. S Rafael
L Freund, N Y
E Driver & w. Chgo
M J Henry, USA
L Cravens. USA
H Packard. Bakrsfld
J Wade & w. Pitts
H Nathanson. Phila
D Grant. Minn
Mrs Gerber. Sacto
Mrs Lyon. Sacto
Mrs Brown. Iowa
A D Johnson. Portld
J Hammer. St Paul
F Stark. N Y .
W Pierson & w, O
D McKelvy & w. Pa
R McKelvey & w. Pa
Mr Rutherford A ¦»'
England
C Boyle & w. Chics*
W Lawrence, Denver
W Bayless. Fresno
W Gibson, Chicago
F Metcalf, Sacto
C Welssman. N Y
J H ¦Wright. Portland
J B Haly, Paris
J WInslow. Phlla .
C F Kohl. Phlla
A Hazelton, N Y
F Norstrand, Denmart
P Stockelye. Guaten
Mabel Jacobs. Guateml
D J Allen, Ohio
H G Smith, Ky
A Kriab. Clnn
L Feist, Wabash
A W Norton. N Y
B W Lee, L Ang 2
E Smith. Fresno
J K White, Chicag*
J A Brent, Cal
H Halnes. Stanford
Miss Halnes. Stanfa.
GRAND HOTEI*
H Nelson, Portland
F Carter. Marysvllle
J Carter, The Dalles
V F Compton, Or
T M Londrum. Cal -
H K Owens, San Jose
H S Robinson. Nev
M E McGrath. Denver
S M Rohr. Santa Rosa
H Bellls, Los Ang
M J Grammont, Cal
Mrs H Polwosky, Colo
G G Bosworth St w. Or
G D Linn. Spokane
G A Newcombe & w,
Akron
T Leyd & w, Galvestn
E T Ferguson, Cal
L H Bartlett, Boston
L L Green. Oroville
R M Culbertson, Tex
G C White. Cal
E J Roberts, Lompoo
J E Koeberle, Los An
W S Wallace. Boston
J W H Cummlngs. N J
Mrs M E Carpen.ter.NJ
H C Armer, Cal
W H Halliday & w, O
M E Dailey, San Jose
Mrs J E Denie. Tena
Mrs E D Voorhies, Tes)
D Campbell, Los Ang
E H Grauz & w, Cal
O Nelssen, Chicago
F E Beck. Chicago
Mrs A Katz. Salt Laki.
Miss J Katz, Salt Lake
L E Rlter Jr. Salt Lk»
W G Madison, Spokane
T M Stark. Portland
Mrs J Mothers. S Jos*
J S Schwab. Chicago
W Lawson. Alameda
B W Long, Denver
A Jones, New York
J L Brysen. Cal
W H Greenburgr. Sacto
L McKenzle, Denver
H L. Wrinkle-. Keelor
F F Bradley. Stanford
P K Gilman. Stanford
L Booth, Los Ang
A B Lemmon, 3 Rosa
J M Nye. Willows
C H Royce, Winters
Mrs J Mldgett. Eurek*
J B Woolley. VacavUle
S L Maxwell. Kansas
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
30
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS:
OAKLAND REA^jJ^^j^Sli-^.^
$2500— EIGHT- ROOM cottage on Myrtle St.; 100
xl25 feet; street complete; must sell; a snap,
terms or discount for spot cash. _
*.. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.;
¦ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$100 DOWN— Bargain hunters, see this house of.
8 rooms, bath, hall and basement; sunny siae;
stone walks and street complete; near ana
above Centre station; total only $1500; monthly
.payments; less for s=pot cash; rents for $12.;
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. £.,
1008 . Broadway. Oakland. ¦•
$4500— FINE two-story home; 9 rooms and bath;
lot 50x100; between Broadway and the Lake ;
sunny side. '\ ¦ ' ' . ' i;
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
-.¦><" f .Sii; 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$950 WILL buy a good two-story of 8 rooms; 6
minutes' walk from Broadway station.
• GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.,
$1800— A BANK sale; i 9 rooms, nearly new,
sunny side, close to San Pablo ave.: forty-
foot lot; near 'Frisco local station; will ar-
range Installments to suit.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
NEW HOMES! ~~ : f,
/ New Homes! . .
In the course of construction, 12 modern
homes in parts of town ranging In price from
$1400 for 5-room cottages, to $5500 for fine mod-
ern homes of 8 rooms and bath.
These places are located In Lortn. Berkeley
and Oakland and any one looking for a home
should be suited. Apply for further informa-
tion and permission to Inspect same.
A. J. SNYDER & CO.,
467 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
$7500— ONE of the best residences and grounds
In Oakland; palms, flowers, etc.: formerly
sold for $12,500; very central. ALDEN CO..
1118 Broadway.
$2750— BEAUTIFUL cottage, 6 rooms and
grounds; 70x150; cost $4000. ALDEN CO., 1118
Broadway. " • ; •
$1750— COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath, etc. ; very cen-
tral and a bargain. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broad-
way. % . . ; ¦
$1500—2 COTTAGES; Center St.; both for $1500.
ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
$25 CASH, $10 monthly— Lot 100x200. fronting on
two streets; lot covered with fruit and shade
trees; city water; an Ideal. place for chicken
raising; finely sheltered ; superb soil;, away
from fogs and raw winds; adjoining East
Oakland; near a fine school and electric ear
¦ lines; price $590 all told. Call or send for cir-
cular, 455 Seventh St., opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$20 — 9 ROOMS, bath and gas; near train; sun-
ny; fine condition; a snap.
$10 — Cottage of 5 rooms, barn and one acre;
' near CRrs; good condition. • . •
$15 — Cottage of 5 rooms; near train.
$10— New; 5 rooms; near train. ¦ i '
$40— Elegant 9-room house; near trains;
sunny, lawn and garden; new plumbing.
$12 60 — Store; .fine location; near Broadway.
$2250 — Upper flat of 6 rooms ; 3 blocks from
train and Broadway: new.
$15 — 5-room flat on Franklin street.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..'
1008 Broadway, Oakland. '.'
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, . the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAYTON, 508, near Park entrance— 3 rooms;
fine location; Ellis or Haight cars.
FELL, 300— Nice large sunny front room for
man and wife; use of kitchen; apply grocery.
MAHONET. ¦
FIFTH, 353—2 parlors, kitchen and bath, $20;
two, $12; also singe, $5 up.
FOLSOM. 625 — Sunny suite front rooms; light
housekeeping; $9 month.
FOURTH, 108— Nice sunny front suite of
rooms for light housekeeping; also single
rooms.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice large rooms, suitable for
housekeeping. ¦ *
FOURTEENTH, 216— Large sunny front room
and connecting room; suitable for housekpg.
GEARY. 813%— Three furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas stove; bath. . ,*
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suites of 3 rooms, nicely fur.; gas; bath. '
GUERRERO, 1154, near Twenty-fourth— Fur-
nished sunny front room with small kitchen,
$11. " ¦
HOWARD, 649— Large front room for house-
keeping, with bath.
HOWARD, 728— Large room for 2, reasonable;
neat rooms for 1, $5; 2 or 3 rooms for house-
keeping: gas. '
LANGTON, 256%— Three nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete housekeeping: private family.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front and back
rooms; light housekeeping; large closets; $8
and $10. ' '¦ '.
LARGE bay-window front room, furnished;
also 2 housekeeping rooms: sunny; near Gold-
en Gate Park. Box 404, Call office.
MASON 406— $15; sunny front suite ' housekeep-
ing rooms; gas range; also single rms. cheap.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms, 75c and $1 per week.
MINNA, 454 — 3 or 4 rooms: furnished for house-
keeping; separate entrance; lower floor.
MISSION, 2089—8 or 3 eunny furnished house-
keeping rooms with use of bath; reasonable.
NATOMA. 701— Sunny housekeeping rooms; no
children. '
NEW AUBURN HOUSE, 834 Third St.— House-
keeplng rooms, suitable for family; reference.
OAK, 119—1 large sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping: stove, closet; $9.
POLK, 1620—3 sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms ; bath ; $14.
SOUTH PARK, 190—1 or 3 nicely furnlBhed
rooms for housekeeping. ¦'-¦:.'
TAYLOR, 618— Sunny front room with folding
bed, $12; also housekeeping room, gas range,
$12. '
WEBSTER, • 1560— Nicely furnished floor com-
plete for housekeeping; sun all day; gas
range. j^- '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
•received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at. .
ROOMS TO ) LET— Fnrn. and TJnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city: polite attendance;
- large rooms, 50c up: meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed iron., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHESTNUT 266— A large sunny front room;
furnished; double bed; $4 monthly. :¦
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
. furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FULTON, SOS— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
coal stove; yard and basement.
GOLDEN . GATE ave., 1021— Nicely . furnished
front parlor bedroom; gas; bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission Bts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
. single? ladies' parlor : reading-room : elevator.
GUERRERO, 444^ — Furnished room;- : private
family. . ~ ¦ " :
HARRISON, 856%— Fine room to rent; gentle-
man preferred; German family.
HARRISON, 1114— Nicely furnished . rooms . to
new house; cheap: near Seventh St. • ¦ . .
HAYES, 136— Single sunny room, suitable for
gentleman; rent $5 60. ¦ ¦•'.-'
HOWARD, E13— Double and single rooms from
75c upwards. ... -.•'.•
HOWARD 844, flat A— Sunday front room,
nicely furnished; private family. ¦ ..
HOWARD, 959— A nice front • room for gentle-
man. $6: private family. -¦-¦¦¦ ¦
HOWARD, 1042— Nicely . furnished - rooms for
¦ housekeeping, bath, etc. - • .-¦ ' ' '. -¦
HOWARD. 1708%-Nlcely furnished suite ' of
sunny rooms ; also single; gas; use bath. ,
HOWARD 1063— Nicely furnished sunny ' front
bay-window room; electric light: stove. v
. HOWARD court, 6— Furnished : rooms, ;• quiet,
. for gentlemen. / - '-'•-•' -
ILLINOIS. ; 924. ¦ Potrero-^ large ' rooms \ sult-
able for restaurant.- . ¦ ' - ..-•''
JESSIE, • i 303, . cor. Fourth— Nicely furnished
> front rooms. .:.'-' •'¦ •
LOCUST "ave., 125— A .large furnished room;
suitable for 1 or 2; $6 month:, ¦¦"¦•' . -¦ ¦
MCALLISTER, 1 324— Two furnished rooms"; to
rent;, running water. ,, ; J
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY— For Sale
AAA— KINGS County, the richest spot of all
California; Its vineyards are famous the
world over; its orchards unexcelled; Its stock
ranches unequaled; lands reasonable. RU-
BENSTEIN & CLARK, Agents. 32 Flood
building. . "¦
$1800— A MAGNIFICENT stock and dairy
ranch, 40 acres. In first-class alfalfa; water
right and fine location.
$1800 for a 40-acre ranch 4 miles from Han-
ford; all in good alfalfa; will make an ideal
home.
$1100 for a 10-acre vineyard; small house;
less than 1 mile from Hanford; will give this
year's crop If sold at once.
$1500. for 320 acres good farming land ; no
improvements. :
$15,000— A chance of a lifetime; 45 acres in
full bearing vineyard; 15 acres full bearing
orcftard, with magnificent Improvements; all
implements, and produces over $5000 per an-
$48,000 for a grand vineyard and orchard
plantation producing over $16,000 per annum.
$15,000 for an orange and lemon grove near
Porterville; 50 acres In all; producing $4 to
the tree per annum; a fortune for the iignt
P1 $soo'for a 40-acre ranch In Kings County.
RUBENSTEIN & CLARK, Flood building.
FARMING and other property In various parts
of California for Mle. Catalogue on applica-
tion to BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO..
S 6 California st.. San Francisco.
$12 50 PER acre, terms at that If desired ; SO
acres good land, bearing orchard, small house,
near school. CHAS. WILLMOTT. 916 Market.
WHITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch of flce.2200 Fillmore st.
'ROSS VALLEY. REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley, 7 minute*' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x203:
well cultivated. For particulars inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR. 404 Sansome st. .
REALTY TO EXCHAXGE.
TO EXCHANGE.
Fine ranch, 60 acres In fruit 6 and 8 year
old trees; beautiful valley; San Luis Oblspo
County; on coast HneS. P.; close to town;
$4000; free and clear; to exchange for Ala-
meda County property. Address Owner, box
2233, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GREAT BARGAINS In Real Estate.
$1000 buys a fine 4-room cottage; great bar-
gain.
$1500 buys a 6-room Colonial cottage; lot
30x125.
$2000 buys an elegant 6-room cottage; large
lot; good location.
$2500 buys a new modern house of 6 rooms;
lot 33x100; snap.
Don't fail to see these properties.
Genuine bargains. Taken under foreclosure..
Must be sold.
$2500— A fine two-story house, 8 rooms and
bath; lot 36x150; this Id a good chance to get
a home cheap.
Now is a good time to purchase a home and
we have some of the greatest bargains ever
offered for sale.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st., Alameda,
And Room 325 Parrott building, S. F.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ARE you looking around to see where to locate
a home? Why not select Alameda; an all-
year-round residential town: 35 minutes to
San Francisco. We have several desirable
cottages and two-story houses at a bargain:
first-class and new, ranging in price from
$800 to $6000; 3 minutes' walk to station: con-
taining all improvements, including electric
light, floored basement; willing to accept a
cash payment of $500 or less, balance $25 per
month. Call and let us talk the matter over;
it may be to your advantage.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1422 Park et.,- Alameda.
$1000— THESE COTTAGES
$1100— Near schools and stations,
$1200— On terms to suit.
$2700— Modern cottage.. 6 rooms; near Morton
station; a snap.
$2000— Two-story, 6 rooms, windmill, etc
$300 and upward— Lots in all parts of Ala-
meda.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New Zealand, New York Underwrit-
ers, British-American and London Insurance
companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
Real Estate.
We offer to-day some of the choicest lots in
the city of Alameda, from $300 up.
Houses built on the Installment plan, $300
down, $20 to $30 per month.
Furnished and unfurnished houses to let.
Some choice snaps in bank property; must
be sold within 60 days. Call and see us.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2326 Santa. Clara ave.. Alameda.
PROPERTY of Two Estates; Immense Bar-
gains.
Must be Sold.
150x207 feet, with improvements, on Santa
Clara ave.
Four lots, 50x207:6 feet on Santa Clara ave.,
near Park st. ; offer wanted.
E. D. JUDD COMPANY,
• . 1424 Park st., Alameda.
FOR sale cheap— Handsome cottage 6 rooms
and bath; nice surroundings; lot 50x150. Ad-
dress P. ROTHERMEL, .507 California st
$10,000— MAKE offer; a speculation; half block;
2 houses and corners;' grand street; easy
terms. P. ROTHERMEL, 507 California st.
$2800— SMALL payment down; 7-room cottage,
large grounds and basement; fine location.
We have fine properties of all kinds for
sale or rent. Call or write, W. K. CONGER
& CO., 1501 Park st.; phone Grand 176.
, — —
__ __ • .
BARGAINS for Investors.
Bargains for bomeseekers.
Homes built on terms to suit.
Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 flats) of 10 rooms; lot 25x120; half block
from station.
Apply to G. R. DENKE, West Alameda
Real Estate Office, Webster st. and Cen-
tral ave.
WANTED — An offer for new cottage. 6 rooms:
choice location; will build anywhere in Ala-
meda or Berkeley; will furnish plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park it.
$6000— MODERN house of 11 rooms and bath;
artesian well: lot 58x140; Central ave; part
cash. ' Address E. P., Call office. Alameda,
$1260— SNAP; elegant new modern cottage; 4
rooms; fine location; near «tatlon and school.
A. G BURNS & CO.. 1601 Park «t.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO Let— Furnished house, 8 rooms and bath;
large grounds, with orchard; near station;
• terms reasonable. Inquire 790 Railroad ave,,
Mastlck station, Alameda. .
TO rent— Large furnished house in best part of
Alameda. near the bay. 1240 St. Charles st.
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
DO you want to own your own home? We will
build houses according to your own plans
on centrally located lots for small cash pay-
ments, balance same as rent.
Bargain— New cottage, four rooms, bath
and pantry; bay-window;- patent closet; sta-
tionary wash' tubs; brick foundations and
large lot; 2 blocks from station; price $1400;
$100 cash, balance $15 monthly.
We have other new modern houses of S, 4,
6, 6, 7. 8 and 9 rooms each which we will sell
on very easy terms; central locations and low
prices. . ¦ •
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin sta-
tion. Office west side of railroad track. '
Open Sundays.
RUDOLPH. PERKTNS A LYON8. Lorin.
$550— FINE lot on Arch st. near Vine «t:
grand view. MAY.& MORTIMER.
13750 MODERN new home in the Scenic Park.
just completing; 7 • rooms find all convenl-
ences. MAY & MORTIMER. .
51050— FINE corner lot on Shattuck ave., one
block from depot; biggest snap in town; .50x
135. MAY & MORTIMER. \ . -
$650 TO $1050— See our fine building Bites in the
Byrne Tract; send for map. MAY & MOR-
TIMER, Berkeley station. , ' .
$2000— $100 CASH, bal. $20 per month: see these
new E and 6 room cottages at Golden Gate,
Ashby station: porcelain bath, tiled sink,
stationary tubs, high basemen, fine mantel,
fine gas fixtures; only 1 block to Berkeley
local and electric cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
WHEELER Tract lots; finest view In Berke-
ley. W 1 C 1 MORAN_&CO 1 __-____^v
$150— ACRE lots.. W. C. MORAN & CO.. Lorin
station, and Schmidt block, .Berkeley, Cal.
A SACRIFICE— Handsome cottage of 6 rooms
and bath: high basement; lot 50x135; 2 blocks
from Lorin station.
> C NAMANNY, Lorin station.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— V OR SALE.
SHAINWALD;" BUCKBEE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
:i8-220 Montgomery St., Mills Building.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER LOT. '
J3200— BE. corner. 82:6x63:10 feet, with unob-
structed view of Presidio and the bay; only
$100 per front foot
FINE RESIDENCE.
$9500— SW. corner Laguna and Green Bts.; lot
16x100 feet; contains 10 rooms and baths; open
plumbing, etc.
MISSION LOT.
$800— 27th St.. near Church; sire of lot 26:8x
114 feet; a bargain.
NEW BUILDING.
$40,000— New 5-story and basement brick
building, occupied by one tenant; rents $2800
per annum; 16 years' lease; no expense to
owner except taxes and insurance: will pay
over 6% net: terms $22,000 cash and $18,000 mort-
gage; splendid Investment; safe as bonds.
GOOD INVESTMENT.
$5800 — Washington St., near Montgomery,
with 2-story brick building; rented for $30. .
BUSH ST., NEAR POWELL.
$6250 — 2-story house of 12 rooms and bath; lot
22:6x80 feet; must be sold to close an estate.
LOT.
$2000— Folsoxn St., near 21st; 25x122:6 feet.
$28, 000 — Corner 14th and Valencia sts.; trans-
fer point; large lot, 130x100 feet; 7 houses; rents
$175; should be Improved with stores and flats.
$$500— Van Ness-ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contains 9 rooms and
bath; near Pacific ave.
$7000— New modern house, worth $10,000; Pre-
eidlo Heights; 12 rooms and 2 baths; 6 bed-
roome; key lot 27:E%xl37:6 feet; has the sun
all day.
$19,000— North side Broadway, with unob-
structed marine view; new modern residence;
7 bedrooms; 3 baths; modern In all respects;
finished in natural woods; walls are tinted;
lot 40x137:6 feet.
LARGE INVESTMENT.
$140,000— Magnificent 5-story brick building;
dose to Union Square; pays 6% net after pay-
Ing all expenses. Including taxes, insurance,
etc.; for full particulars apply at this office.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$45,000— North Bide of street, close to new
residence now being erected by Mr. J. D.
Spreckels; view of bay. Alcatraz Island and
Mount Tamalpais; absolutely unobstructed;
house modern, substantial: beautiful entrance;
hall with* 3 handsome stained-glass windows;
hardwood floors on main floor and in upstairs
hall and S bedrooms; electric lights; handsome
fixtures; 7 bedrooms, 3 baths, trunkroom, store-
room, furnace, etc; large lot, 68:9-foot front-
ase.
A MARINE VTEW RESIDENCE.
$13,500
North side of Vallejo St., between Buchanan
and Webster; lot 40 feet front by 817:6 feet in
depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths: house about 5 years old; Inspection
Trill prove this to be one of the biggest bar-
gains in marine-view homes ever put on the
market; lot and improvements have been ap-
praised by competent brokers at over $15,000.
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7000— Rents $92 per month; south of Market
«t; between Third and Fourth; call at our
office for full description.
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
$6760— Lot 80 feet front by 60 feet depth;
Leavenworth St., near Broadway; improve-
ments are four 2-story houses, renting for
tl3 50; certainly an elegant proposition for In-
vestors.
CORNER FLATS.
$$000— Corner of Buchanan st.; modern flats;
renting for $64; lot 24x81:3 feet.
$8250— Florida at., near Twenty-fifth: lot 27x
100 feet, with house of 2 flats; rents $27 60; you
can pay $500 cash, balance in monthly pay-
ments of $36 65 or less if desired.
$2000— West line Church st., south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage cf 6 rooms and bath; rents for
$15; modern: lot 25x100: a bargain.
jSOOO — Three modern flats; Jackson St., near
Broderick; rents $78 50; for sale at less than
cost.
$2750— Marine view; corner of Vallejo st.. near
Jones; 34:6 front; improvements rent for $2L
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 Montgomery st.. Mills building.
tSSOO— MAKE offer; Webster Et., near Clay;
modern 3-6tory house of 14 rooms. 4 toilets. 2
baths, stationary wash.sta.nds, electric bells,
large rooms; brick foundation: street accept-
ed; could easily be rented in 3 flats and pay
large Income.
First ave. boulevard, near Presidio; 10 fine
lots; corner; easy terms: email cash payment.
$1750— Wayland St.. near San Bruno ave.;
large lot. 40x100; cottage of 6 rooms; Btable
for 6 horses; well, windmill, etc.
$450— Bargain; Twenty-second st., near Eu-
reka; lot 26:9x60; 6treet work done.
$300 each— Sacrifice 2 fine lots on San Bruno
eve. ; electric cars pass.
R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
f25,000— ELEGANT; Pacific Heights; on Pacific,
near Scott; 68x127; with fine marine view;
can be bought cheap.
$10,000— Very desirable Western Addition In-
vestment; rents $1000 per year; store and
flats; Fillmore. nesr Haight; large lot.
$6500— Well improved; 3 flats on Church,
near Fifteenth; rents $55; offer wanted; prop-
erty must be sold to close partnership.
$3750— Cost $4500; nice comfortable home In
best part of Mission; Liberty, near Guerrero;
2oxll4; has to be sold.
$500— Lake, near 19th.
$900— Second ave., near Clement; $1100 want-
ed for adjoining properties. ,
$175— Cheap lot; worth $390; East Park,
near Hollyj
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Realty and Insurance.
Removed to 304 Montgomery st.
$23,^)0— Rents $1980 yearly; S fine large flats;
big lot; O'Farrell st.; downtown.
$5gOO — Bush, near Killmore; 2 sunny flats.
$600— Richmond; 50x120; high ground; Twenty-
first ave.; easy terms if desired.
H. E. POEHLMAN. £04 Montgomery st
6T7NNY corner lots always a good speculation.
$9000—60x100; NE. cor. Clay and Central ave.
$8000—40x82:6; NE. cor. Bush and Devisadero.
$9000— CO ft. business lot; Devisadero.
$8000— Elegant home, fully furnished; Haight.
THOMAS McMAHON. 218 Montgomery St.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence, 775 Cole st-': open daily.
6-ROOM houses, $2700; terms to suit; on Eliza-
beth, near Douglass. J. ANDERSON, builder.
FOR sale as a whole or In eubdi visions ; 50-
vara lot: south line Union Et.: 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pleroe sts,, 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
S24 Montgomery et.
XF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnlpned. SaHshury.bulld«»r 1333 Market.
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY— For Sale
C H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City,
Eutter Co., short distance from Marysvllle; sill
under cultivation: all rich valley land; few
beautiful live oak trees- good bulldlnn; 'well
¦watered and well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably and Is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
In whole or In part at a very low price.
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation: rich
valley land: good buildings; well fenced: short
distance from . Yuba City. Eutter Co. ; will be
Fold in whole or in part to suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price.
The two above nieces should be seen to be
appreciated, and If contemplating purchasers
¦will call or write for information a bargain
•will be given. R. D. BROWNE,
Manager Country Department.
$650— A SACRIFICE; 150 acres redwood timber
lands near Uklah. P. ROTHERMEL. 607
California st.
SELECTED redwood timber lands In 'lots to
BUlt, at from $4 to $8 an acre. P. ROTHER-
MEL, 507 California st.
$1000— FRUIT and poultry farm of 8 acres,
with house, barn and orchard; near Santa
Rosa.
SC5O0— Highly Improved farm of 20 acres,
near Healdsburr; house, barn. 12 acres or-
chard and vineyard, horse, ¦wagon, cow and
poultry Included. P. ROTHERMEL. 507
California st.
$4 AN acre; stock ranch of 3500 acres; fine
house and barn; 100 acres grain land; will
keep 2000 sheep or 200 cattle, besides hogs;
near Railroad, Mendoclno County.
$900— Ranch of 160 acres; house, barn and
orchard; well wooded and watered; E miles
west of Uklah. P. ROTHERMEL. 507 Cali-
fornia st. .
THE MEZES TRACT AT BBLMONT.
Containing over 600 acres with many beautiful
lots covered with oaks and other trees and
commanding grand view; within one hour of
the city. In subdivision: prices only $75 pen
acre and up.
For maps and particulars address
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
STOCK RANCH ...STOCK RANCH
Over 7000 acre* In • Mendoctno County, with
"fences, buildings and stock If desired; fine i
grazing land for cattle and sheep; never !
bad a drouth; no winter feeding; on R.R. !
earvey: pries cheap for such fine property.
JOHN LUNDIN & CO.. 806 Market gt-
BOT In Napa County: no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copv "Napa County Vlticulturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St Helena. Cal.
UARTON GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent. 719
Market Bt.. by Call bldg. — Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale all over this State.
FOR Mendocino County etock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. Uklah. Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
£ree list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, . Cat
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKBLEY REAL f ESTATE. •
$100 : CASH, balance like' rent; modern cot-
tage, 4 large rooms, bath ; - large front and
back 'porches; hot -and cold water; brick
foundation; high basement; street work done;
lot 40x100; only one block from Ashby sta-
tion: $1200; a snap. H. D. IRWIN. Lorin
- station. : -
$1400— COZY cottage home, 6 rooms and bath;,
fine, garden; good well; chicken house and
yard; lot 37:8x120; street work done; close
to station and cars; easy terms. H. D. IR-
WIN. Lorln station; .-.¦¦¦'
$1600— $100 CASH, $20 per month; a poor man's
chance; 2-story. 7-room house; bath; hot and
cold water; well, windmill and tank; chick-
en house, etc.; street work done; one block
to station. H. D. IRWIN, .Lorln station.
$2750— NEW 2-story house;- complete in every
particular; thoroughly well built; street work
all done; near the electric cars and railroad.
$SCO0— Fine new house of 9 rooms: lot 52x160:
gas and electric lights; excellent view of bay
a_nd near university.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate. . Berkeley Station.
tl7i0— HOUSE of 5 roorrs and bath; large lot;
streetcars pass the property: for cash or In-
stallments. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Berke-
ley station.
$2750— NEW 2-story house: • complete In . every
particular; thoroughly \v»ll built; street work
" all done; near the electric cars and railroad.
$5000 — Fine new house of 9 rooms; lot 52x160;
pas and electric lights; excellent view of bay
and near university.
/ Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
$250 DOWN, balance on installments: brand
new Colonial home. Just finished.; all very
fine; lot 50x135; near station, Oakland cars,
school and church.
$650— Cozy little cottage snd 50-foot lot In
West Berkeley; near the big factory; sure
advance in value.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.;
1008 Broadway, Oakland, .
$1500— 6-room house; large lot; all fenced; half
block to electric cars; 4 blocks to local.
$6500— Income property In center of town;
rents for $71 per month.
$8500— The finest home In beautiful Berke-
ley; lot 100x130; barn and all conveniences of
App'ly S. S. QUACKENBUSH, opposite
First National Bank. ,
$280»r-HANDSOME 2-story 7 .rooms and oath;
corner lot, 50x100; near Ashby station.
$9C0— Fine corner on Telegraph ave.; 46x140.
$5000— Fine gothic 2-story residence 7 rooms
and bath; lot 60x125; finished street; select
neighborhood; Includes elegant furniture;
near university. P. ROTHERMEL. 507 Cali-
fornia st. ' • ¦ ¦ .
FRUITYALE ADYERTISEMENTS
1 FRUITVALE REAIi
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station, Cal.
For sale at a great bargain, 2\i acres of rich
soil; modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath; hall,
basement etc.; large stable; chicken houses;
fine artesian well; windmill and tank; choice
fruit trees; price $2500; located near Mills Col-
lege: terms to suit.
$2200— New modern cottage of 4 large rooms;
7- foot basement; good brick foundation: bath;
closets; lovely pantry; choice fruit trees; lot
100x372; fine location; fronting on main county
road.
$1500 — Cottage of B rooms, basement, and at-
tic, bath, etc; stable; chicken house; fine well;
windmill and tank; lot 60x125.
$1375— Choice bargain; new modern cottage of
4 large rooms and bath; high basement: good
brick foundation; closets; pantry; chicken
house; fruit trees; lot 125x150; all fenced: fine
location; just the place for raising chickens.
$1250— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
high basement; lot 35x115; fruit trees; located
In the best part of Fruitvale; only half a block
from Fruitvale ave; easy .terms If desired.
$1150 — Bay window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; 7- foot basement; good brick foundation,
etc.; barn, chicken house; lot 50x116; one block
from electric cars; easy terms.
$1100— House of 4 rooms; stable; incubator
house; 10 chicken houses; large brooder house;
7 brooders, incubator; lot 100x150; all fenced;
easy terms. ' •
$1050— $150 cash, balance same as rent; fine
modern bay-window cottage of 4 rooms; hall,
bathroom, etc; high basement: good brick
foundation; 4 blocks from local station; this Is
a bargain.
$975— For sale In East Oakland; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; hall; basement;
sanitary plumbing, etc.; 4 blocks from local
train: easy terms if desired.
$700— House of 4 rooms; stable and chicken
house; 10 bearing fhilt trees; lot 50x140; all
fenced.
$675— Cottage of 4 rooms; large stable and
chicken house; city water: lot 62^x108; fruit
trees: 4 blocks from electric cars.
$600— Cottage of 4 rooms; . furnished: fruit
trees; chicken houses and 100 chickens: city
water; lot 40x135; all fenced; must be sold, as
, owner Is going East. For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale station, Cal.
A SPECIAL NOTICE— The Home Building
Company has removed its office to south side
of railroad track on Frultvale ave.
$300— Lots in Forest Park, 50x175; lovely local-
ity.
$1350 — New house. 4 rooms and bath, mantel,
etc.; lot 50x176 feet; 16 bearing fruit
trees; small cash payment, balance same
as rent.
$650— House of 5 rooms, all plastered; lot
50x150; city water: 1 block from Hay-
wards car line; this Is a bargain.
}900 — House of 5 rooms and bath; chicken
houses, barn and good well; payments
$12 60 per month; no payment, down.
$2500— Beautiful 6-room house, modern in every
respect, in the center of Ookland; small
cash uayment. balance same as rent.
$1600— New modern house of 6 rooms and bath;
lot 50x124; 4 blocks from Frultvale Sta-
tion; must sell. •
$700— One acre, near Frultvale ave.; good local-
ity for raising chickens.
Houses of all kinds to rent. Money to loan
In any amounts. .
Remember this address— The Home Building
Company. Fruitvale ave., south side of rail-
road track. W. E. RUDELL.
FOR sale— 2 lots near Frultvale station; 50x114;
cash price $300. Call at 1328 Kansas St., city.
$1750 — 5-room cottage, modern, stable: lot 50x140.
Inquire Hanson's shoe store, Frultvale, Cal.
MILIi^^ALLEY^RjBAjL^J^STAT'B.^^
IN Mill "Valley — A nice home for sale cheap on
account of departure. 526 Turk St., S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKliAND REAL ESTATE.
¦WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND'.
ALAMEDA J
BERKELEY!
$500 cash— Six choice residence lots in East
Berkeley, near the university; 60x102 each;
nothing in Berkeley as cheap.
$500— Choice residence lot in West Oakland;
15th St.. near Willow; 40x111; street newly mac-
adamized; a bargain.
$1200— Fine residence lot on 7th Bt, facing
Alice Park, north side; 30x100; only one left.
$50 per foot— Beautiful lot on Telegraph ave.,
near 26th st.; 48x140. \ ;
$6500—100x100: in heart of city,' facing Park;
choice for flats; can rent flats in advance of
building; 1 per cent per month income.
$3000— Beautiful new modern home; I large
rooms, bath, open plumbing, porcelain bath. In-
candescent lighting, etc.; lot SSxlOO; a northeast
corner; easy terms.
$20,000— Choice piece. of business property, San
Pablo ave. and 16th et. ; two streets; 97 feet of
frontage; fair ; income now; will i largely In-
crease.
We build homes on the Installment plan; lots
every section . of the city; plans to suit; espe-
cially desirable installment loans.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
803 Broadway, Oakland.'
$1650 FOR a $2500 property In East Berkeley;
2 blocks from station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything; sunny and a beautiful
neighborhood; we are Instructed to sell with-
out reserve; $400 cash.: J. 8. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. ~
$2250— ONLY $300 cash ; brand-new, latest de-
elgned cottage ; open plumbing; : latest In
¦ everything; near local station, school, cars
and business centers; cost $3100 to duplicate;
seeing Is believing; call early. J. S. MYERS
& CO., 1002 Broadway, Oakland. ¦
$3600 FOR a property originally . costing $5500;
64 feet frontage; house of 9 rooms and bath;
barn with coachman's room; private water
6upply on premises; water fountain; shrub-
bery; flowers, etc. ; In fact, an ideal home for
a little money; 10 minutes' walk from busi-
ness centers and local ¦ trains ; terms $800, bal-
ance bank mortgage; positively must be sold*
first come, first served. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. •
FOR sale at a sacrifice— A ¦ beautiful home of
10 rooms: modern in all details; stable and
outhouses; corner lot. 140x150 feet; variety of
berries andfruits; elevated ground and fine
view; sacrificed on account of departure from
State. For particulars apply to ALBERT
SCHMIDT. 1122 13th , ave.. East Oakland.
FOR • SALE. • '.-.:- .. r ~ ~ . ,--•¦.
$1300— A 6-room -modern, cottage, convenient
to street cars and local train; A No. 1 loca-
tion; street work complete; cement sidewalk-
Improvements worth the price " asked, lot
thrown in; bears Investigation: terms can be
arranged. ALBERT SCHMIDT, 1122 Thir-
teenth ave.. East Oakland.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and TJnfurn.
MINNA, 262, near 4th— Furnished front parlor;
suitable for 2 gentlemen; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
i,- bay-window • room; . $1 per week; transient.
MINT ave.'. 22— Sunny furnished rooms, single
: or en suite. ; from $1 up. , ' v - ¦
NEW ARLINGTON. < 1015 Market St.— Nicely
. furnished rooms, fl a week up; 35o a day up.
NINTH, 242C— An elegant front bay-window
. for two gentlemen or married couple.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny corner bay-
wlndow, folding, bed, Welsbach; 1. <9; 2. *10.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny ' furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST. 527— Large newly furnished front room;
private family: reasonable. ¦ : ¦ -..
ROOMS : TO LET.
A — For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, •¦ unfurnished, with -or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO., 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red. -
ROSEDALE House, . 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to t4: open night.
, ROYAL. House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, W to
¦ %%; month. J8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. «
SHERMAN . Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. 46— Nicely furnished sunny
. bay-window, front room to let.
TURK. 126— Sunny furnished . front room sult-
able for a gentleman. . " ¦: ¦ -
TURK, 268 (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished; modern; board optional. : Phone
South 422. '¦ .. . ¦
TURK/ 543, near Polk— Single room . for gen-
tleman. with bath, $1 per week.
$10—2 FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 1132
Taylor St., near Clay. ' .
ROOMS AND BOARD..
TWO . rooms and board in private family for
. 3 -ladies or 3 housekeeping rooms; state
¦ terms. Bos 3679, Call office. _^____
ROOMS and board: prices reasonable. 413
First St.. between Harrison and Bryant.
AT summer rates; attractive rooms: -• special
. tnhle: wine dinners. 807 California »t.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Board and room for gentleman,
wife and child, or furnished house, near Carl
St., Gate Park Box 3079, Call office.
YOUNG man and wife wish rooms and board
In private family having stable accommoda-
tions for. horse and buggy. Box 3069, Call.
LARGE sunny room in private family wanted.
Address, stating terms with board, C. ED-
WARDES. 1820 Market st.
2 ROOMS with board for 4 people In private
family; not to exceed $6 per week each. Box
3655. Call office. ,
ROOMS WANTED.;
WANTED by gentleman and wife, . within 4
blocks of Powell and Ellis, by May 14, 2 or 3
sunny housekeeping rooms, with gas stove
and bath: state price. Address box 3669, Call..
WANTED— By a single man a furnished or
unfurnished room, about 14 by 18 feet, -with
bath, toilet and wardrobe, in a new house.
Address box 30S4. Call office. ¦ - /
• WANTED— Unfurnished office or room, $3 or
go month, near Call building. Box 3065. Call.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall: at drug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections- made;
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19; tel. 5580. ,
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth st.: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND _ WAREHOUSES. '
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.'
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
" pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 28L. -¦
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
slon St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
SUMMER RESORTS.
NICELY furnished cottage on hill; Corte Ma-
dera; marine view. 219VS Sanchez st.
¦ ' - . TO LE Ai fj&-^
LOVELY HOME.
To lease for a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality, in
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from de-
pot; consisting of about 25 acres of best wine
• grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, plums, etc.; lovely cottage, furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.; also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
3841, Call office. - - . " -
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND 'No. 27 (thirty cents per share) of
the Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co.; will be
' payable at the office of the company, 327
¦ Market st.. on and after Friday, May 10.
1901. Transfer books closed Friday, May 3,
1901. at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON,
..Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend (No. 29) of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capl-
. tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 430
California st., San Francisco, on May 10, 1901.
Transfer books close May 3, 1901, at noon. A.
A. SPARKS. Secretary. ¦¦
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Hugh McBirney, 24. 2817 Pine Btreet. and
May Merrill. 18, 2513 Bryant street.
Herman Hirth, 64, 636 Geary street, and
Helen T. Tuttle, 42, 314 Leavenworth street.
i George W. Cramer, SO, 321 Ellis street, and
Arabell A. Moore. 41. Los Angeles.
James S. Merslch, 23, .Martinez, and Lottie
Getz, J8. 1615 Baker street.
Charles I. Pile, 1327 Mission street, and Grace
C. Buckley. 23/1327 Mission street. .
Frank Magvire, 23, 640 First street, and
Katie Welsh. 24. city.
Harry ¦ S. Ruiz. 28, ' 1302 Devisadero street. •
and Hattle I. Mills. 20, 634 Polk street.
¦ James ¦ C. ¦ Rogers. - 23, ¦ 475 Geary " street, and
Nellie B. Parker, 24, 229 Geary street. ¦
¦ BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the ¦ publication offices - and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have .the same published.
BORN.
HAGSTROM— In this city. May 1, 1901, to 'the
wife of Carl A. Hagstrom, a daughter.
JOHNSTON— In this city. May 1. 1901, to the
¦wife of Samuel Johnston. . a daughter.
JOSEPH— In Mississippi. February 8. 1901, to
- the : wife of Mark > Joseph (nee . Morgan), • a
. daughter. ¦
MCALLISTER— In this city, April 29. 1901, to
the wife of John McAllister, a . daughter.
MURPHY— In Petaluma. April 12, 1901, to the
wife of J. W.- Murphy; a son.
STONE— In this city. April 25. 1901, to the wife
- of J. : L. . Stone, ¦ a daughter. • .
SWANSON— In this city, April 80, 1901. to the
• wife of J.'. J. Swanson, a son. . ' \ -±- ., ;
WILSON— In this city, to the wife of Andrew
M. .Wilson, ' a son. . :
WATSON— In this city, April 27, 1901. to the
wife of Douglas 8. Watson, a son.
MARRIED.
EICHENBERG— DUNN— In' this city. April 24.
1901. ¦ by the Rev. Father Lynch, Edgar S.
Eichenberg and Grace M. Dunn, both of
. San ; Francisco. _ ' -
FLINN— FORDE— In this, city, January 15.
¦•: 1901, -, at • St. Charles Church, by the Rev.
. Father McDonald. . William D. Fllnn and
i Marraret"E. Forde. - - . -•
FLOOD— HARRIGAN— In San Jose, April 30,
1901, at St. Joseph's . Church, by the Rev.
Father Sasla, Thomas Flood- and :Annie M.
¦ ¦ Harrigan, both ; of . San ¦¦ Francisco. * > •
HANSEN— BECKER— In this city. May 4.' 1901.
by the ' Rev. J. Fuendellng, August Hansen
and :: Minnie Becker.
HARE— RANKIN— In • this city. . May - 4, 1901.'
vby the Rev. Frank S. Ford, Donald W. Hare
•/of ? Los Angeles, Cal., > and Sallle H. ' Rankln
of ¦ Bellbuckle, - Tenn.
KATZENSTEIN — KING— In Alameda, April
30. 1901. by the Rev. - George C. - Adams,
George B. Katzensteln -Jr. and Sadie E.
> Kinc • - .: .
MURPHY— DAY— In this city, April 80. 1901.*
; by the ¦ Rev. : Father . Casey, ¦ C. C. " Murphy, >
formerly, of • Willows, Glenn . Cbunty,>- and
Anna D.ay of San Francisco. vV * "
MURPHY-LYNCH-In this » 1 «vAg rU *? UW *
John J. Murphy and Maria Lynch.
ORR-WILKINSON-In this city. {?™*!l
1901, by the Rev/ J. Fuelling. Looto Hoover
Orr and Florence Estella Wilkinson. _
SMITH— GRIGGS— In this city, April W^ iw.
by - the Rev. - Frank S. Jwd. .^"SrtMa
Smith of San Francisco and Amelia J. Griggs
of Stockton, Cal. ' : . ¦J',
SWEETLAND-FLEMINO-In this cttTu^^
28. 190V by the Rev. Frank S-.^^JxSta
Sweetland of San Francisco and Lenna Leota
Fleming of St. Louts. H°i__^.^^^^^^ mm^mm
' DIED.
Bacigalupi, Bartolo- Love, Mary
meo Lyon. Frank T.
Brennen. Catherine McCarthy. Justin W.
Buchtel. Samuel Martin. £*******:
Buckley. Francis Mogan. Patrick _
Davoren. Eleanor Mullins. Kitty F.
Dohoney, Philip C. Nelson. Henry R.
Fennell. Thomas F. Nevln. Nathan D.
Ferguson, John L. O'Connor. J 0 "",^,^.
Finnie, William W. Oeverndiek Fredencx
Gerber, Catherine Reck. Frank
-Harrison. Abble A. Rossbach. FrajfcW*
Hatton. Francis J. Schinkel. Al ber iSr
Hofstead. John E. Shuck. Josephine M.
Hopkins. James R. Slebel. John
Inwood. -George Sullivan. Walter B.
.' Jacobi. Jennie Viers. Mrs. Maria A.
Jardine. Charles C Walker. CapC T. C
Jones. Helen Wand. James w.
Lindsay. Margaret Westerberg. Chas. A.
BAciGALUPI— In this city. May 2. 1901. Bar-
tolomeo Bacigalupi of Jackson. Amador
County, beloved uncle of A. Casslnelll. a na-
tive of Italy, aged 63 years 1 month and 1
day.
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Castagnetto & Ravenna, 643-645 Vallejo
street, between Stockton street and Mont-,
gomery avenue.
BRENNEN— In this city. May 4. 1901. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Timothy Brennen, and
loving mother of Thomas Brennen. Mrs.
Denlscn. Mrs. Hare and James Brennen. a
native of Marlborough, Queens County. Ire-
land, aged 57 years. ... ¦ *
ETNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van
Ness avenue.
BUCHTEL— In this city. May 1. 1901. 8amuel,
beloved husband of Mary E. Buchtel. father
of John A. and Ethelyn Buchtel. and brother
of Joseph Buchtel of Portland. Or., a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 63 years 9 months and 28
days. (Portland. Or., papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances and com-
rades and members of Seven Pines Circle
No. 3, Ladies of the G. A. R.. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137. Mission street, be-
tween Seventh. and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill ! Cemetery.
BUCKLEY— At his residence, 1111 Devisadero
street, Francis Buckley, a native of County
Cork, Ireland.
C7"Mass will be celebrated at the Church
of the Holy Cross, Eddy Btreet. to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock. Interment private.
No flowers.
DAVOREN— In this city. May 3, 1901. Eleanor
Davoren. beloved mother of Mrs. James
Robinson. Mrs. M. McMullen. Mrs. William
; Stark, Mrs. C. J. Parsons and George R.
Davoren, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
A member of the Third Order of St. Francis.
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. 749 Harrison street, thence
to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
DOHONEY— In this city, May 4, 1901. Philip
C, beloved husband of Mary E. Dohoney.
and father of Philip, Agnes and Charles Do-
honey, a native of New;,York, aged 39 years
10 months and 2 days. *¦
II^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
FENNELL— In this city. May 4, 1901, at his
residence, 1522 Dolores street. Thomas F.,
beloved husband of Mary E. Fennell, and
father of Leslie and Morlne Fennell, aged
30 years 3 months and 21 days.
FERGUSON— In this city. May 3. 1901. John
L. Ferguson, formerly of Gilroy, . aged 71
. years.
E7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 3:30 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray &
Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment at San
Jose by 10:30 o'clock train to-morrow.
FINNIE— In this city, May 4, 1901. William
Walter, oldest and dearly I beloved son of
David and the late Annie Finnie, and brother
of Mamie. David, Jeannette. Jessie. Donald
and Helen Finnie, a native of New Jersey,
aced 28 years.
ICThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 124 Tremont avenue. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
corner of Frederick street and Tremont ave-
nue. Friends are Invited to attend. No car-
riages.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. Bridget Teresa
Fitzpatrick, dearly beloved wife of John P.
Fltzpetrlck. and loving mother of Mm. J.
Rose. Mrs. A. Courtney; Mrs. A. Benldshidt
and Thomas F., Joseph A. . and Cecil J. Fitz-
patrick. a native of Brooklyn, aged 55 years.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
GERBER— In this city. May 4. 1901. Catherine
Gerber, a native of Germany, aged 66 years
2 months and 27 days.
HARRISON— In this city, May 3, 1901. Abble
A., beloved wife of the late Colonel Hamil-
'ton Carter Harrison, and mother of Mrs.
Helen Carter Robinson, a native of Boston.
Mass., aged 68 years 6 months and 5 days.
(C?-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment at Sacramento, Cal., Tuesday,
May 7. ¦
HATTON— In Alameda, May 2, 1901, Francis
J Hatton. beloved husband of Jennie Hat-
ton, father of Ruth W. and the late Reginald
Hatton, and son of the 'late Francis and
Elizabeth Hatton- of Stockton-on-Tees. Eng-
land, a native of France, aged S3 years and
19 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at the resi-
dence, 1531 Railroad avenue. Alameda. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery, and con-
cluding services at 1:30 o'clock.
HOFSTEAD— In this city, May 1. 1901, John
Edward Hofstead, a native of Sweden, aged
35 years. .'(Chicago papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOPKINS— In this city. May S, 1901. James
Robert, beloved Infant son of James E. and
Hannah Hopkins, and brother of John R.,
Lillian, George and Gertrude Hopkins, a
native of San Francisco, aged 10 months and
23 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), ¦ at 2:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 533A Seventh street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
INWOOD— In this city. May 4,- 190L George,
beloved husband of Lydla E. Inwood. a na-
tive of Binsted, Southampton. England, aged
88 years 8 months and 3 days. (Mansfield.
Brockton and South Weymouth, Mass., pa-
pers please copy.)
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 709 Union street, corner of Powell.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
The funeral oration of George Inwood.
which was written by himself several years
ago when in perfect health, will be read at
the hour of the funeral as directed by him.
and a copy of the same In printed form may
be secured by any of the friends who
attend the funeral.
JACOBI— In this city. May S, 1901. Jennie, be-
loved wife of Jacob Jacobi. and mother of
Max Jacobi. ¦ a native of Germany, aged 56
years. A member of Eva Mutual Benevolent
Society.
H3TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late -resi-
dence, 654 Hayes street, and thence by 11:30
o'clock train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery
for Interment. ¦
JARDINE— In Alameda, May 4. 1901. Charles
C-. beloved aon of C. E. and Mary F. Jar-
dine. and brotlier of Edward C. Jardine, a
native of Vancouver, Wash., aged 21 years
and 9 days.
JONES— In this city. May 4, 1901. Helen Jones,
sister of Mrs. Susan A. Booth and George W.
and Sidney C. Jones, a native of Vermont.
Formerly of Brooklyn. N. Y. .
ICTTrlends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her brother. S. C. Jones, 802 Filbert street.
Interment private.
LINDSAY— In this city. May 3. 1901. Margaret,
¦widow of the late Thomas Lindsay, and
mother of Thomas H. Lindsay. Mrs. J. J.
Crowley, Mrs. K. Martell, Mrs. Oscar Mysel
and Mrs. Agnes Shaw, a native of County
Galway, Ireland. - .
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her. late resi-
dence, 14 Hill street, thence to St. James
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from. Twen-
ty-third and Guerrero ¦ streets. ¦
LOVE— In this city, May 3, 1901, Mary, relict
of the lato James Love, and mother of Wll-
" Ham J.' and Annie A. Love, a native of Ire-
land, ' aged 68 years. . ¦. «• .
(E?'Frtends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1019 Washington street, thence to St.
Mary's Church (Paulist), where a requiem
- high mass will . be celebrated for the repose
of .her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ¦
LYON— In Golden Gate. May 3. 1901. Frank T.,
dearly beloved son of John J. and Sarah E.
Lyon. a native of Golden Gate, aged 1 year 4
months and 4 days. v-4*9nniW
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
HBNRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
-,!?_ DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
» Fifth sf. : opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South SO. ,
EuseneMcGInnL™"^^™™T3cG l S'JNTjR 1 Osrj
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. I
•i - , SI EDDY STREET. I
Telephone South 252. . San Francisco. I
¦• - No Connection With 'Any Other House. I
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from tha parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WAND— In this city. May 4. 1901. James W.,
beloved son of the late James and Delia
Wand, and brother of George. Edward and
Samuel Wand, a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years.
WESTERBERG— In Alameda. May 4. 1301.
Charles A., beloved son of A. E. and Caro-
line Westerbersr, and brother, of Oscar W.
Westerberg, a native of California, aged 17
years and 6 months.
E7"Interment private.
ROSSBACH-In Los Angeles. May 1. »JU
Frank W. Rossbach. beloved father of 10a
Rossbach. son of Mrs. Herman Roesbach.
and brother of Charles H. Rossbach. a na-
tive of New York.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SCHINKEL-In this city. May 4. 1901. Al-
bertlne dearly beloved wife of Dledrlcli
Schinkel. mother of Albert and Willie Schin-
kel. and sister of Mrs. R. Schultze and Wil-
liam J. Pattoslen. a native of Bremen. Ger-
many, aged 36 years 6 months and 2 days.
SHUCK— In this city. May 4. 1901 Josephine
. M., beloved daughter of Oscar T. and Mattie
M. Shuck, and sister of Mrs. C. Burden, a
native of California, aged 31 years 1 month
and 7 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 948 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
SIEBEL— In this city. May 3. 1901. John Sie-
bel. a native of Germany, aged 53 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from tha parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
SULLIVAN— In this city. May 4. 1901. Walter
E., youneest and beloved son of Mrs. Mary
Sullivan, and brother of Manruertte, Nora
..and. Edna Sullivan., a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 months.
VIERS— In Oakland, May 4, 1901. Mrs. Maria
A Veira. beloved mother of Harry I>. and
Fred F. Veirs. Mrs. John Geffcoat of Omaha
and Mrs. Hugh R. Morgan of Chicago, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 80 years 3 months and 13
days.
WALKER— In this city. May 8. 1901. Captain
T. C. Walker, beloved brother of Aaron ¦ J.
Walker, a native of New York.
ff7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1101 . Geary street. Interment
strictly private. Please omit flowers.
MOGAN— In this city. May 4. 1901. Patrick.
beloved husband of Margaret Moran, father*
of Tessie. Mary. Patrick J. and Colman Mo-
gan. and brother of Matt and Michael Mo.
fan. a native of County Galway. Ireland,
aged 34 years and 6 months.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MULLINS— In this city. May 2. 1801. Kitty K
Mulllns, beloved daughter of Patrick C. and
the late Anne Mulllns. and sister of George
and Edgar Mulllns. Mrs. T. F. Blake^Mrs.
F W. Barr and the late Mrs. Annie Dever,
a* native of San Francisco.
tyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at I
o'clock, from her late residence. 1840 Ftn-
more street, thance to St. DomliUo's Church.
Stelner street, between Bush and Ptoe.
for services. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
NELSON— In TJntted States Navy Hospital.
Mare Island. Cal.. May 1. 1301. Henry Ras-i
Sus Nelson? dearly beloved son of Haas aadj
Marraretha Nelson, and brother of Peter-
Nelson, s native of San Francisco, aged 1?
years 6 months and 28 days. (Brooklyn. N.
Y.. papers please copy.) r .^ inr _ f
K7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence ot
his parents, 1075 York street, between Twen-
ty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KEVIN— In Paclflo Grove. May 1 1901, Naihar
D. Nevln. beloved husband of Manrare-
Nevln, father of Thomas, Charles, Nelsoi
and Ida Nevln and Mrs. Grace Rlker, juu
brother of John C. and Charles W. Nervtn.
Mrs. Fermelia A. Potter and Mrs. Mary I*
Seamands. a native of Ohio, aged «7 year* i
months and 6 days.
O'CONNOR— In this city. May 8. 1901. John,
beloved husband of the late Kat* O'Connor,
and father of Richard W., Thomas J. and
Emma H. O'Connor, a native of Newcastle
West, County Limerick. Ireland, aged 78
years 10 months and 10 days.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1908 Buchanan street, thenoe to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repoee of his
soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
OEVERNDIEK— In this city. t. POU
Frederick Oeverndlek. beloved husbandjrf
Marti Oeverndiek. and father of Henry Oerr-
erndiek. Mrs. J. Wlnt«en. . M^ a **,&!£-
man, Mrs. C. Lemberg and Fred. William.
Edw. and August Oeverndlek. ji native of
Hanover. Germany, aged 71 years and 10
months. A member of Hercules Lodga No.
63. A. O. U. "W., and Mlantonomah Trlb* No.
9 Imp. O. R- M.
ICTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th; funeral »«rvice»
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at th*
late residence. 711 Polk street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RECK-In this city. May 4, 1301. »*_""»*•»!;
dence of the parents. 35 Shipley street, ot
diphtheria, Frank, beloved sonof 1 .""?
Mary Reck, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 years and 4 months.
GTFrtends and acquaintances ar* respact.
fully invited to attend tha funeral tali d ay
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 2110 Baker street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN-In this city. May 4. 1300. Elizabeth,
beloved wlfa of Isaac D. Martin, and mother
of Mrs. A. Isaacs of Tacoma, Mrs. Julian
Llebes. Mrs. Moses J. Lyon and Rebecca and.
David Martin, a native of London. England.
&ged 67 years 1 month and 24 days.
fully mvltad to attend the fa&«ral t2ua d»
(Sunday), from the residence at hi* pareujT
954 Slxty-flrst strset, Ooldea OaU. %&\
o'clock, thenc* to Baa Fraaelsco, tU «
o'clock creek boat. Iaterxnftnt Laurel Bn!
Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— la this etty. May i. tun. Jwtfci
W., beloved son of John J. and Mary Uo.
Cart hy, . and brother of John J. McCarthy
Jr., a natlr* of San Francisco, ared |
months.New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NTTW TORK, May 4.— The stock market
effectually demonstrated its astonishing re
cuperative power again during the' two hours'
trading to-day. The tailing orders which were
thrown upon the market as a result of the
nervous apprehension furnished by yesterday's
violent break were confidently absorbed and
only a momentary break was caused by the
buk statement, although It was more un
favorable than had been expected and the buy
ing afterward ¦was sufficient to carry prices vio
lently upward throughout the list, obliterating
the Important earlier declines and establishing
eome striking net gains. The closing was
notably strong and at about the top. The ner
vousness aroused by yesterday's weakness ap
parently led some large operators to anticipate
the New York opening by cabling orders to eell
to London. Early quotations from there
«howe4 declines of from 2 to 4 points In many
Important American stocks. This level never
was touched In to-da> J1 » New York market.
Opening prices were considerably above the
London parity although at declines of from
1 to 2 points from New York's close in many
etoclcs. Atchison opere£ «*'ide at an extreme
decline of 2% and Union Paciflc of 4 points.
Keither etock touched the low level again, al
though there were feverish relapses In prices
after the first rally, Atchison closing unchanged
and Union Pacific up 1 point. The aggressive
strength ehown from the outset by St. Paul
«Lnd Missouri Pacific had an important influ
ence upon the growing ttrength of the whol-3
market. £t. Paul opened % higher and rose
en extreme 7% over l«.Bt night, closing near
the top. Missouri Paciflc opened a point higher
and closed SH higher. Tiiepe movements served
to give eome reassurance to the speculative con
tingent that the process cf absorption of rail
road etocks for consolidation was still going
on. a belief which was somewhat shaken by
the character of celling in Union Paciflc yes
terday. It was argued also that the Interests
doing this buying might have had a hand in
yesterday's collapse in order to facilitate the
operation, as buying railroads for control in
a rampent bull speculation is necessarily an
expensive operation. The lartrc demand from
the ehort interests also- disclosed that bear
operations played a very large part in yes
terday's eelhng. The Improvement in the
technical position of the market by the shak
ing out of weak holdings encouraged the bulls.
There wa« very obvious eupport also In the
l tilted stales Steel Etocks. which gained a
point each on the day. Loans made on Friday
carry over until Monday, bo that there were
no actual operations to-day. Money was easier
? h on to -°ay, which aroused hopes that
ifi. gn de mand for gold might be relaxed,
ftituough the Continental exchanges etill bear
against London. The bank gtatement seemed
to ue Ignored, although it gave no evidence
?l any . Kain in cash from the Interior to offset
tne Eub-trearury drain, tuch as had been con
noently expected. Continental Tobacco was
strong and advanced 2^
The stock market has again eclipsed all pre
mous records this week with the maximum for
a single day'« transactions lifted to 3,202,100
< T* A n Tuesda y and In the minimum for a
tingle day, as high as 2,7M,O00 chares on Wed
ncpday. The total for tlie week was 15,518,200
shares, compared with the previous high record
I I ? e over W.O00.O0O shares during the
week before last. The new records carried
away many inclusi\-e records, such as hourly
business, the totals :n individual stocks, the
clearings of the New York banks and a long
list of prices of etocks. in brief the market
ha» been, beyond all precedent in Wall street
as to the arcreeate dimensions of the trading.
NEW TORK, May, 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,497 barrels; exports, 9772 barrels. ; Quiet and
easier again, closing &® 10c easier \ to sell. .Win
ter patents, $3 65@4; winter straights, $3 50@
3 55; winter extras', $2 43@2 85; winter low
grades, $2 30@2 40; Minnesota patents,' $4®4 25;
do bakers', $2 90@3 23. ¦ :
WHEAT— Receipts, 133,000; exports, $172,125
bushels; spot, weaker. No. 2 red, 84&c f. o. b.
afloat and 81c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duiuth,
89&o f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duiuth, 91%o
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup..H3mi4 4s qr cp(new)l$8 1 4133
4s quar reg 113% 114 Js quar coup...l09ftllOV£
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P 5s. .104 — Oceanic S 6s.. .103 104
Cal-st 5s ......117 — Omnibus R 6s,126 — ,
C C Wat 5s... 110 111 Pac G Imn 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s..l28 1 /4l33V4 Pk & C H 6s. .105 —
Fer & Cl R 63.115 — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. .120 —
H C & S 5%s..lO6H — • Sac E G R Es. 84%100
Do 5s. ....... .102 — S F & SJV 5S.120& —
Los Ang R 53. — 114 Sierra Cal 6s.. — 107
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 63
Do gntd Cs.. — 104 (1909) — . —
Do gntd 5S..100 — (1910) ...114 —
L A & Pac Es. 102% — S P of C 6s
' Do 1 c m Bs.101 — (1905). aer A.106% —
Markt-st C 6s. — 127% (1905), ser B.107»i —
Do 1 c m as.122 123%, (19C6) 110 —
Nev Co R 7s.. - 113% (1912) .\ — —
Nor R Cal 6s. 113'^ — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s......... — cp gntd g 5a. 103 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l00 -» S P Br Cal 63.134% —
Do 5s — " 1C9 - SV "Wat 6s 113>4 —
Nor Cal R 5s.. — 114% Do 4s 102% —
Oak Gas 5s.... 110 112 Do 4s. 3d m. — 103%
Do Tran 6s. .117 US Stktn Gas 6s. .100 ¦ —
• Do Wat 5s...— — ' '
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 73 73 (Spring Valley. SS 8Jt»
Marln County. £3% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent fc & P.... 3 — Paciflc Lt 42% 43tf
Equitable 3t4 3% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual... 3Vt— SFG&E 36»4 3S%
Oakland — 50% San Francisco. 4H 4%
Paciflc Imp.... — 35% Stockton ...... 7% — -
INSURANCE. '
Flrem'3 Fund. 235 245 ) .
BANKS.
AnRlo-Cal ..... 73%— LP& A 147, —
California .....406 — Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep-.106% — S F National.. — 125
First Nat 310 315
SAVINGS BANKS.
German' ......1830 19C0 Sav"& Loan.... — —
Humboldt — ¦ — Security ...275 —
Mutual/. 50 — Union....: — —
San Franclsco.515 — . :
STREET RAILROADS.
California .....130 140 |O S L & H.... 40 — ,.
Geary ......... 47% — Presidio ....... 24 80
Market ........ 70% — I
j ¦ POWDER.
Giant .' 72%74 IVlgorit .......C 2% 3
SUGAR.
Hana ........... VA : 8: iKilauea 17% -
Hawaiian '50 • — Makawell ..... 39 —
Honokaa lo% 25% Onomea 17% —
Hutcninson ... 18^4 18% I Paauhau 27% 23
• ..MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. ' ¦
Alaska Pack.. — • 138 Oceanic S3.... 47% —
Cal Fruit Can. — 97% Pac Aux F Al. 8 ¦ —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax.. — —
Mer Ex 110- — "» Parf Paint . 18. —
Morning . Session. .
Board — >^afga£Maa
'10 Cal Safe Deposit 106 60
'25 Equitable: Gas ..3 25 ¦
- 35 Giant Powder Con .....:.; 73 00
. 60 Hana Plantation Co .¦.......„...._.¦. 7 60
170 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar............. BO 00
25 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 50 12%
5 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar .:..."....... 60 25
70 Honokaa S Co 13 60
SATURDAY,- May 4-42 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
; For Saturday business was very good on the
Bond Exchange, the sugar stocks having the
bulk of tho trading-. Kllauea. was higher at
?18@17 50, and Paauhau at $27@27 25, while
Makaweli was weaker at $38 50 and Hawaiian
at $50@50 25. The others showed little 'change.
Spring Valley Water was higher at $88. -
On the oil exchanges the only change worthy
of note was a recovery In Petroleum Center to
ll@12c. ¦ . ' , . - -
The Overman Mining Co. has levied an as
sessment of 10c.
The California Wine Association has de
clared a dividend of 60c per share, payable on
the 10th.
The Paciflc Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared a quarterlv dividend of 5c per
share, payable on the 13th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the eame date
lae t season. £nd rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
LIVERPOOL.- '••' . .
Wheat— " May. July. Pept.
Opening....'. 6 10% 8 10%
Closing 6 10% 5 10%
PARIS.
. "tvheat— ; . Mav - July- Aug.
Opening ¦.... ..19 30 19 35
i Closing •: 19 30 19 95 -
I ¦ Flour— . -
Opening 24 25 25 10
Closing ..-•••, 24 25 25 10
V\^ew Yoik Dry Go)ds.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Imports of dry
goods' and merchandise at the port of New
York for this week were valued at $10,487,539.
'¦'. Nezv York Metal Market'.
NEW TORIC," May 4.— The local metal situa
tion to-day was ¦ featureless. Tin closed at
$25 95@26 05. Lead, $4 37VJ. Spelter, $3 95@4.
Copper lake. 17c; casting, 16«ic. Plglron war
rants, '$9 50@10 50; Northern foundry, $15 25®
; 16 50. ' ¦ ; ¦¦ . -
) New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The cotton market
opened easy at 4@10 points lower. July broke
to $7 70 under the first wave of selling and then
rallied slowly. The market closed steady, 5@9
points lower. ; . .. .
' Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, May 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Steady. Good to prime steers, $5@5 90; poor to
medium, $3 90@4 95; stockers and feeders, $3 25®
5; cows, $2 65@4 50; heifers. $2 70<g)4 75; canners,
J2@2 CO; bulls, steady, $3@i 40; calves, $3 5O®5;
Texas fed, $4 25(?5 40: Texas grass steers, $3 50
@4: Texas bulls, $2 75(R>3 85.
HOGS— Receipts, 16,000; Monday, 30,000 esti
mated; left over, 3650. Market weak. Top,
$5 87 1 /4: mixed and butchers, $5 55Jf 5 So; good to
choice heavy, $5 65@5 87% ; rough heavy, $5 50®
5 60: light, $5 5005 SO; bulk of sales, $3 70@5 80.
SHEEP — Receipts, 500. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 20@4 60; fair
to choice mixed, $4@4 25: Western sheep, $4 20®
4 50; yearlings. $4 25@4 50; native lambs, $4 20@
5 25; Western, lambs, $4 50@5 25.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May 4.-Consols, 94%; silver.
27 9-16d; French rentes, . lOlf 82%c; cargoes -on
passage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s 10V4d; English country markets,
LIVERPOOL. May. 4.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2%d@6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet. ' :' ; iv"
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d. •
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s; No. 1 Northern spring, 8s lVfcd; No. 1
California^ 6s 2d; futures, dull; July, 6s 10%d;
September. 5s 10%d. '
CORN— Spot, quiet: American mixed new,
4s 5d; do old, 4s 5d. Futures, quiet; July, 4» Id;
September,- 4s %d. __ ¦¦'.'¦¦
HOPS— At London, . Pacific Coast, steady,
£4 to £4 5s. . ' . - - .. . ¦
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, May 4.— Clearings, $306,922; bal
ances, $74,469. ' ' "¦' . -V . ¦ '.. •¦ . "
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 4.— WHEAT— Walla Walla,
60c: Blue Stem, 60%c. V . • ..
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 4.— WHEAT— Weak but prices
nominally unchanged; Blue Stem, 60%c; Club,
68c. . , •/; _____¦ ¦ - ' ?' ¦
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R. and
Martha Wood, executors) to L. Eugene Lee, lot
on NW corner of Vallejo and Steiner streets.
N 27:6 by W 110: $2250.
Same to Edwin C. Young, lot on N line of
Vallejo street. 110 W of Steiner, W 27:8 by N
137:6; $1900.
Thomas Torpey to Horora or Honoria Torpey,
lot on W line of Shotwell street, 125 S of Nine
teenth, S 30 by W 122:6; also lot on NW corner
of Fifteenth and Shotwell streets. W 24 by I*
Hiberiila Savings and Loan Society to Hetty
G Epperson (wife of H. T.), lot on S line of
Liberty street. 425 E of Castro, E 25 by S 114;
$1000.
Dorothea II. Klumpke to Edward and Mary;
C Powers, lot on W line of Valencia, street.
239:10% N of Twenty-third. N 27. • W 94:4T4. S
27:2%. E 97:8: $3375.
Rebecca Clinton to William J. Clinton, lot on
N line of Duncan street, 198 W of Church.v W
23:6 by N 103: $1000.
William J. Clinton to Silas T. Kenyon. same;
$1000.
Meta Goedecke (guardian estate of Elsie J.
Goedecke, minor) to Joseph and Jacob Harris,
undivided one-ninth of lot on W line of Powell
street, 100:6 N of Chestnut. N 35 by W 87:8; $222.
David and Fannie McKay and Frances Mc-
Kay (Gibson) and Angus McKay to Charles W.
Sutro, lot on N line of. Ellia street, 37:8 E o£
Jones, E 50 by N 87:6; $30,000.
Sarah and John J. Byron to Frank Cames, lot
on S line of Jackson street; 82:6 E of Larkin,
S 127:6 by E 27:«: $5000.
Catherine Crean to Daniel J. Crean. lot on
NW line of Cleary (Clara) street. 375 SW of
Fifth. SW 2S by NW 80: grant.
Theodora Newman (Vogelsdorff). wife of Ben
jamin Newman, to Felix McHugh, lot on B
line of Seventh avenue, 130 N of Point Lobos,
N 25 by E 120; $1000.
John W. Stobener to Delia Stobener. lot on,
E line of Twenty-sbcth. avenue. 275 S of Point
Lobos. S 150 by B 140; also lot on N line of
Valley street, 382:3 E of. Dolores, E 25 by X
114: gift. .
Marie F. Ilsen to Thomas J. Rowan, lot on
W line of Ninth avenue, 125 S of H street. 3
25 by W 120; $1000.
Olive Verkouteren to Frank and Teresa.
Gangloff. lot on W line of Glrard street. 123
N of Woolsey, N 50 by W 120, block 10, Uni
versity Mound; $500.
J. T. Rugg to Frank K. Llppltt. undivided &
of following: Lot 13, block 191, lot 12. block,
284. lota 3 and 4 and 14, block 203. South San.
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; $500.
. G«org« M, and Alta M. CoWwell to William
H. .Klnne. lots 13, 14. 15. 17 to 20. Sears sub
division, block 8. West End Ma.p >; $1500.
Savings and Loan Society to Rose Halpln.
lot on W line of Manchester street. 350 N ot
Stoneman, N 23 by -W SO, P. V., lot 12L quit
claim deed; $1. ' ¦••>.,
Rose Halpln to Franco Sunseri. Fllllppo and
Vlncenzo Piazza, same: $1000.
James F. and Carolina S. Houghton to Henry
F. Blanchet Jr.. lot on SW line of Twenty- first
avenue, 150 NW of J street, south. NW 150 by
SW 200, block 423. South San Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association; $1000.
Alameda County.
Pacific States Savings. Loan and- BuHdln*
Company to H. D. Brown, lot on B corner of
East Twenty-third street and Eighth avenue,
NE 75 by SE 1C0, block 144, Clinton, East Oak
land- $1100.
Lulz L. do Rego to Manuel S. Mello, lot 4*.
block 24. North Alameda Tract, East Oakland;
San Francisco Savings Union to H. r>.
Brown lot on SE line of Eighth avenue, 73
NE of East Twenty-third street. .NE- 75 by SB
100. block 144, Clinton, East Oakland; $300.
Scenic Park Realty Company to Frances H.
Borel, all interest in lot 7. "block 7. Daley's
Scenic Park. Berkeley; $1500.
S. S. and H. R. Quackenbush to James Z>.
Cavan, all Interest In lot on E Hn» of Tele
graph avenue. 667:6 N from dividing line be
tween lands formerly of Woolsey & Cuff, thence
E 165:11%. N 50, W 132, . S 51:3 .to beginning.
Berkeley; $15C0.
Builders' Contracts.
Anna T. Ohm (owner) with J. C Kalghln
and Thomas W. Calne (contractors), architect
! .All work for a' two-story frame build
ing on lot on S line of Fulton street. 81:3 W
of Lyon; $3000. *
Celia Clayburgh and I. Poly (owners) with
Adam Beck (contractor), architects Salfteld &
Kohlberg— Excavation, brick and granite work
f of a two-story brick ' building on lot on B
corner of Mission and Main streets, SB 137:4
by NE SO: $45CO^
Same owners with G. P. W. Jensen (con
tractor), architects eame— Carpenter work,
tinning 1 ., glazing: and hardware for same on
same; $1950.
Pacific Gas Improvement Company (a cor
poration) (owners) with Thomas ¦ and P. J.
Walker (contractors), architect Henry H. Mey
ers—Excavating, brick and concrete work,
granite and terra cotta for a two-story and
basement brick building on lot on 8 line of
Sutter street. 197:8 W of Stockton, W 53:9 by
S 137:6; $10,117.
Same owners with William B. Knowlea and
George Reichley (contractors), ' architect same —
Carpenter, mill and stair work, glass, dazing,
tin and galvanized iron" work, roofing and plas
tering for same on same; $5180.
¦REAL ESTATE TRAITSACTIOHS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day .'. the ¦ But
ter market was dull. Creameries, 14@19c;
Dairies, ll@16c. Eggs, ll%c. Cheese, 9%@llc.
* — — — *
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
western portion of the country. During the past
twenty-four hours there has been a' rise of
two-tenths of an inch over Washington, Ore
gon and Idaho.
Rain has ceased falling In Utah, the total
rainfall for the storm exceeding four Inches
in the vicinity of Salt Lake City.
The temperature has risen raDldlv In the
northern part of the Sacramento Valley, and
conditions are favorable for a moderate norther
Sunday.
Forecast -made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight Hay 6, 1901:
Northern California — Fair Sunday; brisk
northerly winds In' the valleys: fresh westerly
¦winds on the coast, with fog in the afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; warmer;
fresh northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday: fresh northwest winds.
Utaii — Fair Sunday; light north wind.
Arizona — Fair, Sunday; continued warm; fresh
west wind*; -^ •
San Francisco anS vicinity— Fair Sunday;
light northerly, chtrsj^ng 10 brisk westerly,
irlncs, with fog In tht afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C6; minimum. 46; mean. 6L
WEATHER CONDITIONS • . JLND CENERAL
¦ Articles— ¦'¦¦• ¦'¦ Receipts. Shipments."
Flour barrels 200.000- 143,000
Wheat, bushels ; 412,000 1,901,000
Corn bushels 1,415,000 : 1,145.000
Oats bushels ....;. ...1,866,000 3,152,000
Rye 'bushels ....'. '..... 50,000. ..", > 96,000
Barley, bushel3 ¦..¦..¦.....; 113,000 " 44,000
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull; winter, patents, $3 80@3 90;
straights $3 2(Kg!3 70; clear, $2 60@3 40; spring
specials $4 20; patents, $3 43@3 80; straights,
$3@3 20; bakers", $1 90@2 50; No. 3 . spring
wheat, 70@73c; No. 2 red, 72%@72%c; No. 2
corn 52%c: No. 2 yellow, 52%c; No. 2 oats,
2S%c; No. 2 white. 30c; No. S white, 28@28%c;
good feeding barley, 51@55c; fair to choice
malting, 56@5Sc; No. 1 flax seed, $164%; No. 1
Northwestern, $164%; prime timothy seed,
$3 90: mess pork, per barrel, $14 80<fi)14 S5; lard,
per 100 pounds, $7 67%; short ribs sides (loose),
%1 90@8 10; dry salted shoulders .(boxed). 6%
@7%c; short clear sides (boxed), $S 25@8 37%;
whisky, basis of high wines, $130.
Articles—. ! Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 72% 72% 72% ¦ 72%
July ...... 72% 72% 72%' 72%
Corn No. 2— }.»¦¦
May 53% 6-1% . 52% 53
July' ..;.... 46% 46% 46 46%
September 46 46 45% 45%
Oats No. 2—
May ......; 28% '27% 28y*' 28%
July ....'. 26% , 26% , 26% 26%
September 2514 25Vi 25 25Vi
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May.. ,...14.83 14 85 14 80 14 80
July ..14 95 15 00 14 90 14 90
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May i 8 00.. 8 00 8 00 '8 00
July 7 92% . 7 95 7 90 7 93%
September 7 90 7 95 7 90 7 95
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 8 10 8 10 8 05 8 05
July 7 90 7 92% 7 90 7 90
September 7 85 7 87% 7 85 7 87%
Weather Report.
020th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, May 4, 1901—5 p. m.
"Dull conditions generally prevail through
out the «ntire list of dried fruits. Prunes,
because of the lack of supplies on the
epot, particularly the larger sizes, are sell
ing Quite well at the recent advance of
%@^ic- Oregons also are firmer, spot sup
plies now belr.g- closely controlled. It is under
stood, by a combination of several dealers.
Apricots and peaches are quiet, but are held
more firmly than several weeks ago. The bulk
of the apricots here are in the control of one
Jobber, who for several weeks has been buy
ing all cheap lots offering. Total supplies in
this market are estimated at around thirty
cars. Currants are firm, with a rather better
Inquiry. Dates and figs are belling very slow
ly. Prime apples are fairly active, chops slow,
¦waste in some demand. Trade in nuts Is ex
teremely dull. Jordan shelled almonds are
higher, sales being reported Saturday at 34c"
Mail advices from New York say
The collections for the first ten months of
the fiscal year were $3,470,3SS, against $3,263,371
last year.
• Dried Fruit in New York.
Internal Revenue collections In this district
In April were as follows: Beer, (101.9C5; spir
its, $99, 151: tobacco. $27,S?9; documentary
fitajnpe. S75.4S5; proprietary stamps, $11,020.
Total. $332.SS7, against $253,207 for April, 1900.
Revenue Collections.
The local bank clearings for the past week
were $24,998,379. against $22,210,846 for the same
¦week last year.
Bank Clearings.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
96,600 Atchison 82%
23,600 Atchison prefd 103%
10,500 Baltimore & Ohio.. 109
1.C00 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92%
1,500 Canadian Pacific 100%
400 Canada Southern 72
9.600 Chesapeake & Ohio 49%
8,100 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 197%
1,000 Chicago Ind & Louisville 36%
100 Cfhlcago & Eastern Illinois 130
3,100 Chicago & Northwestern....- 206
13 700 Chfcago Rock Island & Pacific 163
COO Chicago Terminal & T 22%
3,600 Chicago Terminal & T prefd 45%
4 400 Chicago & Alton 45%
1.200 Chicago & Alton prefd 79%
2.300 Chicago Great Western." 23%
... Chicago Great Western prefd A 82
„ Chicago Great Western prefd B 51
400 C C C & St Louis 83
4,100 Colorado Southern 15
1,600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 82
300 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 24%
1,600 Delaware & Hudson 175
2,900 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .222%
4,000 Denver & Rio Grande 61%
400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 97%
31,200 Erie : 40^4
3,400 Erie 1st prefd 70
1,600 Erie 2d prefd 67
800 Great Northern prefd 188
1,200 Hocking Valley 55%
?00 Hocking Valley prefd 78%
6,000 Illinois Central UiM,
200 Iowa Central 30
100 Iowa Central prefd 69
100 Lake Erie & Western 62
Lake Erie & "Western prefd 120
11,200 Louisville & Nashville 107%
6.400 Manhattan L 126%
14,600 Metropolitan Street Railway 169^4
5,200 Mexican Central 27%
3.8C0 Mexican National 11%
200 Minn &: St Louis 66%
64,800 Missouri Pacific 112VI
3 600 Missouri Kansas & Texas 30%
1,900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd. 64%
New Jersey Central 156
11,400 New York Central 161%
2,100 Norfolk & Western 55
1C0 Norfolk & Wei-tern prefd 88
22 500 Northern Pacific no
1,900 Northern Pacific prefd 98%
13,300 Ontario & Western.. .» 357^
10,700 Pennsylvania 151%
P C C & St Louis 66%
11.S00 Reading 43%
3,900 Reading 1st prefd 7714
7,000' Reading 2d prefd G5%
1,200 St Louis & San Fran 48
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 84%
309 Bt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33Vi
400 St Louis Southwestern 36%
1.900 St Louis Southwestern prefd 65%
117,400 St Paul ig4%
3,400 St Paul prefd 198
34,100 Southern Pacific 53%
14,900 Southern Railway 32%
6,900 Southern Railway prefd £5%.
8,100 Texas & Pacific 491Z
200 Toledo & St L & S 18%
1.-J00 Toledo & St L & S prefd 36%
109,800 Union Pacific 122%
3.SO0 Union Pacific prefd 96
2,700 Wabash 2W4
6,400 Wabash prefd ' 40%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie isu
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 34U
1.600 Wisconsin Central 2l2
Expires Companies—
100* Adams ..175
700 American igg
United States 89
Wells Fargo ." 146
Miscellaneous —
3,800 Amalgamated Copper 121%
500 American Car & F 25%
700 American Car & F prefd 79%
1,100 American Linseed 12%
American Linseed prefd S8
4,400 American Smelting & Refining 69
300- American Smelting & Ref prefd 96%
17,200 American Tobacco l28Vi
J.700 Anaconda Mining Co 49%
KEW YORK STOCK LIST.
speculation which has progressed to this week's
unprecedented stage. The reports circulated
in Wall street of the plans supposed to be
working out -for consolidations have little ad
mitted authority as is inevitable from the ad
vantage to be gained by reticence. Only time
can prove how much of them have a basis in
truth and how much represent pure surmise.
All that can be said Is that they have gained
cumulative power to attract the buying of
stocks and all the world has rushed to Wall
street to buy. The most skillful and expert
Judgment has utterly failed thus far to meas
ure the resources of this buying. All the usual
indications that It was approaching exhaustion
have time and again met with renewed de
mand. There have been periods of heavy, profit
taking and reaction, such as booms usually
culminate •with. There have been pinches In
the money market and calling of loans, such
as often times have overturned an airy fabric
of prices reared to much less dizzy heights
than the present. But the new rush of buyers
has reinforced the retiring contingent and
carried prices upward. The prosperous condi
tions now enduring for several years have re
sulted in unprecedented accumulations of
wealth and new capital.
Except for the enormous dealings In Union
Pacific convertible 4s in sympathy with the
stock the bond market has not been extraord
inarily active and prices have moved irregu
larly.
United States 3s declined 1 per cent, the 6s
% and the new 4s and refunding 2s M per cent.
The old 4s advanced % per cent over the clos
ing call of last week. ,^-
the variety of securities dealt In, the astonish
ing movement of prices and the wide extent
of territory which has been represented in
the dealings. In the last named respect it
might also be said that the whole world is
represented in the dealings, cabled orders for
account of London and the Continent figuring
largely in the dealings, as well as from all
points of this country, especially the West.
The most sanguine minded among the profes
sional operators in stocks stand amazed at the
prodigious proportions to which the market has
attained. It is a fact, indeed, that the veterans
in the streets, who have Been through many
booms and panics, have persistently underrated
the future possibilities of the market. They
have largely either refrained from taking part
in the trading, having sold out their holdings
at a lower level, or have persistently sold
short, only to be driven to cover at a loss
by the comprehensive upward sweep of prices.
The novices and Beemlngly reckless and unin
formed plungers have reaped the largest profits
in the great rise in prices. There are well
authenticated reports of large Investment hold
ings brought out by the high level of prices
In the confidence that the early opportunity
would be given to recover the holdings again
at a lower level of prices, and some members
of the exchanges have sold their memberships
at what they considered fancy prices In the
belief that they might return from a brief trip
in Europe and buy th';m back more cheaply.
The current explanation in Wall street of the
violent price movement in Union Pacific is a
case in point. Selling by Insiders at the high
price which the stock had attained was met
by quiet absorption by the interests seeking'
control. The insiders perceiving after a time
that the accumulation cf the stock was going
on attempted to get back their holdings and
the fierce competitive buying which resulted
lifted the price of the stock by leaps and
bounds. This has been the history of so many
stocks recently that the slightest plausible sug
gestion of an effort to buy a railroad in the
open market has brought a rush of hordes of
speculators into the stock affected to share the
benefits. Considering the events of last year
the purchase for consolidation in the anthra
cite field, of the Southern Pacific, the ad
mitted attempt to purchase St. Paul, the suc
cess of the effort to absorb Burlington and
the official denials which accompanied all
these, the excited expectations of speculators
of further similar transactions is not to be
wondered at. The success of one such opera
tion of course adds greatly to the probability
of others. There Is great plausibility in the
Bupposltion that a consolidated control of the
Great Northern, Norlhern Pacific, Burlington
and Erie might lead to the desirability and
almost the necessity of offsetting measures by
the other great Pacific lines, grangers and
Eastern trunk lines. The situation thus pre
cipitated by the action of forceful groups of
capitalists who achieved the Burlington meas
ure has been the mainspring of the enormous
CHICAGO, May 4.— Wheat prices assumed a
weaker position at the start and the remainder
of the session clung to it, as the degrees of
sentiment " were not sufficiently pronounced •' to
lead to active trading. July opened %@%c to
%@%c lower, at 72%@73%c, sold between 72%@
72%c and 72%c and closed '' - lower, at 72%@
72%c. At the start local bears and longs sold
liberally, but the short interest was a timid
one, bearing in mind the readiness with which
the market has recently responded to encour
agement. With the bears in ¦ this mood, the
longs having no tempting profits in sight, the
trade evened up their deals in order to rest
over Sunday with undisturbed rninds and then
left the market to take care of itself. The drop
in prices was due to weak cables, glowing crop
reports, lack of outside Interest in the market
and to sympathy with the corn decline. '
' July corn received a severe poundine, while
the May deal was neglected generally. In the
way of legitimate news weak cables were Influ
ential, but the main factor in the decline of
July; was heavy selling by the man who has
cornered the May. corn. He said the market
needed a break and accordingly disDosed of
2,500,000 bushels of July. In view of this and
other selling the decline was very moderate.
The close was steady. %c lower, at 46%c. May
corn closed 2%c down at 53c.
Oats were lalrly active and firm. July oats
closed }ic lower at 26%c. . •
Provisions were affected by .the liberal run of
hogs and the drop in 'prices for them at the
yards. Trade, was dull and unimportant. July
closed 15c lower, lard* a shade lower and ribs
2%c depressed.
Tho leading futures ranged as follows:
SATURDAY. May 4—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 OliJustlce „ 0« 07
Alta 04 06 : Kentuck ... 02 03
Andes 04 ©6 Lady Wash 01 03
Belcher *13 14 Mexican 29 30
Beat & Belcher 31 32 Occidental 03 05
Bullion 02 M Ophir 105 110
Caledonia 61 65,'Overman 13 14
Challenge Con.. 13 ljiPotosl 07 OS
Chollar 08 WlSavage 13 14.
Confidence ...'.. 63 65! Scorpion — to
Con Cal & Va..2 45 2 50|Seg Belcher.... 02 04
Con Imperial... — 01! Sierra Nevada.. 23 2i
Con New York. — Ot'Silver Hill 35 37
Crown Point.... 18 17jSt Louis C6 —
Eureka Con 06 — (Standard 4 00 —
Exchequer 01 OSlSyndlcate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 17 IStUnlon Con 10 11
Hale & Norcrs. 22 24|Utah 02 04j
Julia — 02 'Yellow Jacket.. 13 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 13 6CO Mexican SL
800 Belcher 12 600 Ophir 105
300 Best & Belcher 32 50O Overman 13
300 Con Cal & Va..2 45 6C0 Yellow Jacket.. 20
200 Gould & Curry. 17 6C0 Yellow Jacket.. 19
300 Justice 07
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
1C00 Belcher 13
300 Best & Belcher 31
600 Chollar 08
100 Con Cal & Va..2 45
100 Gould & Curry. 17
700 Mexican SI
300 Overman ........ 14
500 Union Con, V>
6CO Yellow Jacket.. 20
Morning Session.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
• Morning Session. •¦' .1) '
Board—
250O California-Standard S3
200 Cal & Utah Oil Co 26
300 Monarch of Arizona 49
500 Monarch of Arizona 47
5C0 Petroleum Center 12
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board-
SO California-Standard ' $8
1000 Four 48
2 Hanford 96 00
ICO Hanford, Fresno. Kern River 14
10O Home 3 31)
300 Junction 28
12G0 Junction -. 35
50 Kern 6 15
300 Monarch of Arizona 43
238 Monarch of Arizona 47
100 Monte Cristo 2 40
10O Oil City Petroleum 23
60 Peerless, * 90 T 87«
60 Peerless, b 90 j 50
3000 Petroleum Center 11
1000 Petroleum Center, cash 11
1000 Petroleum Center, b 60 It
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 9 25
100 Sterling 195
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Street—
200 Market Street Railway 70 25
$6000 Spring Valley 6a U3 50
200 Honokaa S Co 25 37^4
135 Hutchlnson S P Co IS 50
25 Kllauea S P Co IS 00
23 Kllauea S P Co ...7. 17 50
50 Makaweli S Co 38 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 48 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 27 CO
30 Paauhau S P Co 27 23
265 S F Gas & Electric Co 36 50
$3000 S F & S J V bonds 120 75
20 Spring Valley Water 88 00
Flour loses its recent advance:
Silver a fraction firmer.
Weekly bank clearings gam, as usual.
Wheat slightly easier} Barley firm; but dull.
Good demand for Oats reported. Corn and Rye dull.
Commcal and Cracked Corn higher.
Hay, Bran and Rolled Barley unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as before quoted.
Old Potatoes firm and new weak. Onions ditto.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ample supply.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry to\be offered to-morrow.
Cherries lower and Strawberries higher.
Five cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrow.
Dried Fruit shows no change.
Provisions dull at the old quotations.
No further decline in Hogs.
Sugar stocks continue active and unsettled.
Increased revenue collections. -
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exports of gold and sliver from the port . of
New York to all countries for- this week ag
gregate $953,177 silver bars and coin and $4 -
018,215 gold. ' ~
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Imports of specie
this week were $C8,09i gold and $168,950 silver.
Exports and Imports.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— To-day" s statement
of the treasury balances shows: Available cash
balances, $.157,267,320; gold, $96,316,124.
Condition of the Treasury.
Atchison, 82%; Canadian Pacific, 101- Union
Pacific preferred. 98%: Northern Pacific Dre
f erred, 102%; Grand Trunk, 11%; United States
Steel. 54; do preferred. 100%; Anaconda low
Bar silver, firm, 27 9-16d per ounce. Monev 2SJi
3 per cent. • ' w
CLOSING.
Ix EW YORK, May 4.— The Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were generally easier to
day, though' fairly active. Americans again
monopolized attention. They opened well under
parity and generally speaking there was no
rally, the close being Hat at from 1@3 points
under New York's closing; prices of yesterdav
Union Pacific and the Atchisons were the weak
est features. The market was on the whole far
less excited under the weakness than It had
been recently during the rise. It Is generally
believed that weak traders have been weeded
out and strong buying is. reported. Conservative
bulls say the slump puts the market In a much
healthier condition than It was' before Manv
operators here think that the break was due
to a. concerted movement, the object of which
was to discourage wild speculation It la
thought, too, that the bad statement in New
York has been discounted. Money was easy
London Market.
The Financier says: As a result of the ex
ports of gold during the week the . Associated
Banks of New York in their current statement
show a falling- oft of $5,199,400 in cash holdings
and this, coupled with increased reserve re
quirements necessitated by an expansion In de
posits, brought the surplus down to I10.SS0.100, a
loss of $5,779,675, as compared with the previous
week. The statement is not to be classed as an
unfavorable one, although, as a matter of fact,
it . shows heavier decreases in cash than had
been expected. It is to be inferred that the
condition of the banks is better than shown
by the totals, for the reason that Government
disbursements for May interest and bond pur
chases do not show fully, while the losses of
the banks do. In their operations with the in
terior the clearing-house institutions gained
over two millions, while the losses to the treas
ury did not exceed five millions, so that a fair
estimate of cash reduction does not exceed three
millions. The loan expansion of $6,005 500 Is
moderate, considering the violent speculation
of the week, and it would have been heavier
had it not been for the policy of some banks
in contracting their loans, both as a matter of
precaution and for other reasons. The result
of the rise In loans and decrease in cash is seen
in a moderate rise of $2,321,100 In deposits The
situation at present centers around the possi
bility of continuous exports of gold It is esti
mated that nearly or quite one hundred millions
of the new English bonds will come to the
United States. The first installment has already
been made. Another, involving possibly five
millions, will fall due about May 17 but If in
dications count for anything the greater portion
of the subsequent settlements will be arranged
for u b y c 1 redI t transfers rather than in actual
cash. This will relieve the position of the banks
so far as immediate cash reserves are con
cerned, but even as Jt is there seems to be noth
ing in the situation to call for anxiety relative
to the money market. The continued receipts of
funds from the interior, traceable both to firm
rates here and speculative buying, reveals the
ability of the country to supply funds for all
needed purposes. It need not be said, how
ever, that the whole superstructure rests now
as never before, on a continuance of the pres
ent feeling of confidence; .r
Loans $890,450,000, Increase $6,005,500; deposits
$973,111,600, increase $2,621,100; circulation $31.;
132,900, decrease $1S2,000; legal tenders $71,955,300,
decrease $344,300; specie $lS2,302,70O, ' decrease
$4,855,100; reserves $254,258,000, decrease $5,199,400;
reserve required $243,277,900, increase $580,275;
surplus $10,980,000, decrease $5,779,675.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows: .
Associated Banks' Statement.
MS2 2 ro t>klyn Raold Transit £3%
4,500 Consolidated Gas 225%
2.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron...: .101%
20,o00 Continental Tobacco 49%
• L100 Continental Tobacco prefd.... .......104%
6P0 General Electric 227 jj
1.2C0 Glucose Sugar 69
100 Hocking Coal l8Vs
100 International Paper 23
1.600 International Paper prefd 75
1,700 International Power SS'
Laclede Gas 84
1,900 National Biscuit 42%
6C0 National Lead . 1714
National Salt 43^
..: National Salt prefd : 76V-
North American S6',4
Pacific Coast 69^
Pacific Mail S8V
10.2CO People's Gas 115%
Pressed Steel Car 44%
I 300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 83*/.
100 Pullman Palace Car .209
3,100 Republic Iron & Steel 1914
1.500 Republic Iron & Steel prefd.. 56
8.200 Sugar ..<?. 14GU
3,900 Tennessee Coal & Iron Co.. 63
Union Bag ; 13
300 Union Bag prefd 64
5,900 United States Leather 14%
2.4C0 United States Leather prefd 77U
200 United States Rubber 21%
¦100 United States Rubber prefd........ 62
65,400 United States Steel.... C2%
33.9C0 United States Steel prefd... 99%
., Wisconsin Central prefd 45
9,700 Western Union 97
94$, 400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding N Y Cent lsts 107%
reg 106 N J Cent gen 5s... 133%
do coup ...106 North Pac 3s.. 72%
do 3s reg 109^4 do 4s 105%
do coup 109% N T C & St L 4S.1C7&
do new 4s reg.. .138^4 Norf & W con 4s. 101
do coup 138% Or Nav lsts 109
do old 4s reg.. ..113% do 4s ;.104%
do coup .,.113% Or S Line 6s 128%
do 5s reg 109% do con 5s 116
do coup 110 Reading gen 4s .. 96
Dist of Col 3.65s. .125% R G W lsts ..101%
Atchison gen 4s... 103 St L & I 11 con 5s. 116%
do adj 4s 96 St L & S F gen 6s.l33
Can So 2ds .10SU St Paul cons ......192
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO6 St P C & Pac lsts.118%
do Es 119% do 5s ...'. .120'
C & N W con 7s. .140% South Pac 4s...... 93%
do S F deb 5s... 121%| South Railway, 5s. 117
Chi Term 4s 87% S Rope & T 6s 60
Colo South 4s 94% Tex & Pac lsts. ..119%
D & R G lsts 101% do 2ds 100
Erie gen 4s 87% Union Pac 4s .106%
Ft W & D C lsts.109 Wabash lsts 118
Gen Elec 5s "...185% do 2ds 110
Iowa Cent lsts 117% West Shore 4s 114%
L & Nash unl 4s. .103% Wls Cent 4s 90%
M K & T 2ds S3% Va Centuries 95%
do 4s 98%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 122
Call loans 4<g>4i,i Union Land 3%
Time loans 4@5 West End 98
Stocks— Westtngh Elec 64
Atchison 84 Bonds
do prefd 104 Atchison 4s 102%
Am Sugar 147 N E G & Coke 5s. 65%
do prefd 122 Mining shares —
Am Telephone 176% Adventure 17
Boston & .Albany. 260 Bingham Min Co.. 25%
Boston Elevated.. 17b Amalg Copper 121%
Boston & Maine. ..198 Atlantic 34
C B & Q 197% Boston & Mont. ...441
Dom Coal 35% Butte & Boston... 112
do prefd 114 Calumet & Hecla.823
U S Steel 32% Centennial 30%
do prefd 99% Franklin 18%
Fltchburg prefd ..147 Humboldt 250
Gen Electric 227 Osceola 87'
Ed Elec 111. 245 Parrot 54%
Mex Cent 27% Quincy 175
Mich Telephone .. 62 Santa Fe Copper.. 8
N E G & Coke.... 11% Tamarack 335
Old Colony 210 Utah Mining ...... 32
Old Dominion 33% Wlnona 4
Rubber 22V» Wolverines 68
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 12
Alice 43 Ontario 8 50
Breece 1 45 Ophir .90
Brunswick Con .. la Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potoel 05
Con Cal & Va 2 25 Savage 12
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada '26
Horn Silver 1 lu! Small Hopes 55
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 70
Leadville Con — 05'
. No further advances ar« reported in this
market, though there is a slow advance In
Prunes at Eastern points under a scarcity of
the most desirable sizes. -
FRUITS — Apricots, 5@7%c for Royals;
Evaporated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried, l&@2c;
Peaches, 3%@4c , for standard, 4%@3%o f or
choice and . B@6^6c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c;
Plums, pitted, 8%@5c; . unpltted, l@l%c; Nec
tarines. 4®4%c for red and 4@5c for white. :
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s,, 6Vic;'50-60s, 4%c;
60-703, S%c; 70-803, 3Vic;- 80-90s. 2%c; 90-100s,
2%c ;.100-120s. V£c. • ' ,
. RAISINS— The Raisin Growers'.'Association
has established . the following prices : Bleached
Thompson's fancy, . 12o per lb: choice, lie;
Btandard. 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per ¦ lb/ Sultanas— Fancy, ¦ 10%c per
lb- choice, 9V4c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c: un
bleached'Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 60-lb* boxes,
6V4c; 4-crown, -. 7c; 3-crown, ; 6}4c; ." 2-crown, .- 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 6c; ¦ S-crown, \ 6%c. and
' 4-crown. 6&c : seeded (Fresno prices) , .- 6%c ;
London ¦'¦ Layers, • 2-crown, -. $1 50 per .. box; 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters,. $2; Dehesa, $3 60;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. . at common
shipping points 'in California. -.-, . . ,
NUTS--Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10@llc; No.
2 ¦ 7V4@8c; No. 1 hardshell... 10c; No. , 8, ¦ 6@7c;
Almond*, 13@14c for papershell, 10@llo for soft
shell "- and - 6@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 6@6o
for Eastern: .Brazil Nuts.- llOllHc:, Filberts,
12@12%c; ' Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, - $3 5005.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2;
Seedlings. 75c@$l; Tangerines, 75c@$l 25; Lem
ons 75c@$l 25 ¦ for- common .and $1 50@2 CO for
good to choice; Grape Fruit," 50c@$l 50; Mexlqan
Limes, $4 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples. $1 60@4 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES*-$7@10 per chest for Long
worths and $4@6 for large berries. v Receipts
were 428 chests. ' ' ' .
CHERRIES— Receipts, were 2735 boxes, selling
at 50@75c per. box for red and 50c@$l for dark.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
: Five cars of Oranges are announced for to
morrow's auction. I The Orange market shows
no change.- and Lemons and Limes are also
as before quoted. .
Cherries were lower, receipts being consid
erably larger. Strawberries were rather high
er, ' though receipts were over . double those of
the preceding day. ¦ , '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Stocks of Eggs are getting so large- that
they are beginning to worry dealers, and some
are relieving their floors by placing large lines
into cold storage. | Prices are weak/ though no
-further decline is noted. •' - ¦
There is no old Cheese • on " the market at
the moment, though there Is a demand for It.
New Is In ample supply and weak.
Butter shows no change. The surplus is
being kept down by packing, and still there
Is plenty lying around. The market Is fea
tureless. ' * " ¦ " ¦'•-..
Receipts ¦ were 41,800 pounds and 48 tub3 of
Butter, 1336 cases Eggrs, 38S cases Eastern
Eggs, 4900 - pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. . :
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER — Creamery, 17@17%c per lb for fancy
and 18%c for seconds; dairy, 14@16c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 10@10%c; old,
nominal. . !
EGGS— Ranch, 15016c for good to fancy;
store, 13©14V4c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— '
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts. 15c; seconds ;
store, 12Hc
CHEESE! — Fancy, full cream, 9c: choice,
8%c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10Hc;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb. ¦
EGGS— '
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; standard,
13c; Beconds, — — . .
Butter, Cheese and -Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@llc for Gobblers
and ll@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 50;
Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, ?4@5 for old and
$5 50@6 50 for young; Hens, $4@5 50; young
Roosters. $7@8; old Roosters,- $4@4 50; Fryers,
15 60(36 50: Broilers. $4 50©5 for large and $2 25®
S 50 for small ; Pigeons. $1 25@1 75 per dozen for
old and $1 50@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern are announced for to
morrow. The market is quiet and unchanged.
. Potatoes and Onions stand about as before,
the former being steady with . light supplies,
though the high prices restrict the demand, es
pecially as receipts of new Potatoes are con
tinually increasing. Old ' Onions are firm, but
new are easy.
There is no particular change' in Vegetables.
Receipts were 1197 boxes Asparagus, 675 boxes
Rhubarb, 1784 sacks Bay Peas, 157 sacks String
Beans and 830 sacks New Potatoes.
' POTATOES— Early Rose, 75c@$l; Burbanks,
$1@1 40 for River and $1 60<Si 70 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles, $1 50; Sweets, 60@65c for Merced;
New Potatoes, I%@2i4c per lb. .
ONIONS— Cut Onions, 50c@$l 25 per sack;
Australians, jobbing, at $4@5; Green XDnlons, 60
@65c per box; New Red, $1@1 50 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 50c@$l 50 per box;
Asparagus. $2@2 25 for fancy,' $1 25©1'75 per box
for No. 1 and 75c@$l' for No. 2.; Green Peas, 8O0
@$1 per sack;. Garden Peas, 2c per lb; String
Beans, 3@7c for Los Angreles and 5@7c for Va
caville; Horse Beans, 40@60c per sack; Cabbage,
90c@$l per ctl; Tomatoes, Mexicans, $1 25@1 75
per crate; from Los Angeles,' $125@1J5; Dried
Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 15c per lb; Carrots,
25#35c° per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 60*31130
per dozen; Garlic, 15c per lb; Green Peppers,
10@20c per lb; Egg Plant, 20c per lb.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 E0@3; Canary, 3V4®
S%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;. Rape. 2@
2%c; Hemp. 314c; Timothy, 6%c. * '
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70@
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions" and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 70; Small White, $4 85
@5; Large White, $4@4 20; Pink, $1 60@l 85;
Red, $3(33 25; Blackeye, $2 75@3; j Llmas, $6 2b
@6 50; Pea. nominal; Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctl.
Previous quotations .rule for all descriptions.
Beans and Seeds.
. Cracked Corn and Corn Meal are higher, in
sympathy with the j raw product. Everything
else on the list remains unchanged.
BRAN— $16 60@17 per ton.
¦ MIDDLINGS— $16 60@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, ?25@26; jobbing,
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17(^18; Corn Meal,
$27 50@28; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. \ ' • ¦
HAY— Volunteer^ $3@S; Wheat, $U@13; Wheat
and Oat. $9@12; Oat, $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8@9 60; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c 'per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
¦ MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 10
@7 60; in sacks, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@3 50,
UBual terms; Bakers' Extras, $315@3 25; Ore
gon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and $2 75@
3 for bakers' : Washington bakers', ; $2 75@3.
The 15c advance In Flour made some days ago
has been withdrawn by the local mills.
Flour and Millsiuffs.
-Chicago opened dull, and the demand was
chiefly : to fill shorts. ' The market x was de
pressed by the prevailing fine crop reports, the
only exception being -those from the Southwest,
and : even ' in that section there la no serious
damage. The Government report, forthcoming
¦on the 10th, is expected to be bearish. Reports
from Germany are still unfavorable. Minneap
olis reported a decrease. of 549,689 bushels for
the week.
- This market was fractionally weaker, both on
and oft call. -
'-Spot Wheat-^-Shipplng, $l@101%;. milling,
$1 03%@l 06%. : ' - .
. ' . " CALL' BOARD SALES.
Informal • Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $105; 2000. $105%; 12,000, $105%.
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls, $1 05H;
22,000/ $105. ' •
Regular Morning Sesslon-^2000 ctls, $104%;
18,000, $1 05;
BARLEY— The market continued firm, but the
demand was slack and no sales were reported.
Feed, 80c for No. 1 and 77%c for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, 82%@S7M>c; Chev
alier, nominal. ¦• a ;
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
73%c; 4000, 73Hc. : ;¦ i
OATS— Dealers reported a . good demand at
previous prices. Stocks continue light. White,
$137%@150; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 32%@
1 45: Black, $1 17%@1 27% per ctl.
CORN— All kinds are quoted at $1 30 per ctl.
There is very little here. • • ¦<.
RYE— S0@82%c per ctl. •
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl. ex
warehbuse.
'-.-• WHEAT— Liverpool was .weaker and, Paris
firmer. /¦_• V' .'• 7 v ' , ' > .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Cables .....' — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight ....—, ' 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 15
Silver,' per ounce '. — ¦ 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal «9i£ O SO
Flour, qr ska -7,445! Pelts, bdls 165
Wheat. ctl3., - 1,960 Tallow, ctls 283
Barley, ctls 2,415 Quicksilver, flsks 39
Corn,- ctls • 6 Lime, bbls... 456
Beans, sks 1501 Sugar, bbls 4,500
Potatoes, sks 2,210 Wool, bales 49
Onions, sks 525 Wine, gals 93.700
Bran, sks . 330 Brandy, gals 2,150
Middlings, sks... 165 Chicory, bbls..... 36
Hay, tons 22(KLeather. rolls..... 209
Hides. No... 166" -
FOR SATURDAY, MAT 4,
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6.25c: Powdered, 5.85c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c: Dry Granulated, 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.80c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes,
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
lnos, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
SUGAR — Prices are higher. The Western
Sugar Refining Company quotes, per lb. In 100
lb bags:
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c: Star,
19c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 21o;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c: in cases,
21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c; 86-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— E5c per gallon in cases and
49c In drums or iron barrels.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
75c; pure, $130; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw, 73c; cases* 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c: cases, 85c: China
Nut, 55ti65c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 65c; cases, .70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37%@42c per gallon; Fish
Oil,, in barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
RICE— China. No. 2. $4@4 05; No. 1. $4 65®
5; extra, $5 20@5 50; Japanese, $4 75@3 50; Lou
isiana, $4@6 50; Hawaiian, nominal. . . ¦
! COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. %S 50: Coos
Bay, J5 50: Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end, $9: Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per. ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton. accord
ing to brand.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 7c; local make. %c less than
Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine,
7%@8c. .
General Merchandise.
LAMB— Spring.* 9@9 1 / 4c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6^c;
ISO to 225 lbs, 6%@6'4c; 225 and over, 6<36Vic;
feeders. ; dressed Hogs, 8V4©9'/4c
There . is no further decline in Hogs, , the
packers paying 6%c for small stock. The
other Meats are as before quoted.
BEEF— 7@ 8c for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
cows. . .
VEAL— Large. 7SSc; small. 8539c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@S%c; Ewes. 7»,i@Sc per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclr.o, lZfJKc per lb; Northern, free, 12©
13c; defective. 9@llc; Middle County, free. 100
11; do, defective. 8@10c; Southern. 12 months,
8@9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c: do. de
fective. 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine, 15
(316c;- do, medium and coarse, 14@l3c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair, to good. 9@llc;
Nevada, 10® 12c.
HOPS— 13(g20c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sen
about lV£c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 6@iMc; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8}4c for light; Stags,
6V>c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls, 13H@14c; Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 16®17c: Culls and Brands,
13@14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, i;@23o each;
short Wool. 30@-43c each; medium, 60@70c; long
Wool. 90c(gSl each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 £0 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $173 for
large, $1 25 for medium. SI for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins,
35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c:
large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No. 2,
3ifr?4c; grease. "©2%c.
• The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co.. says:
"The Wet-Salted Hide market has reached
a satisfactory . trading basis, although there
Is a disposition to | avoid the old or grubby
Hides. Good lots are In demand and sell
readily. Dry . Hides continue steady and sell
freely. There Is, no improvement in prices, but
there Is every Indication that the present de
mand will continue. Salt Horse Hides are in
good demand. Dry Horse Hides are not want
ed j and are difficult to sell. Locally, Deer
Skins are without change, but reports from,
other markets show accumulations and few
sales with lower prices."
Hides, Tallow, Wool arid Hops.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light medium. 13%c for
light. 14^c for extra light and 15%c for sugar
cured; Eastern BUgai^cured Hams. 13c: Mess
Beef, f 12 per barrel; extra. Mess. $12 60; Fam
ily, $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$93; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «%c per lb for
compound and -10%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-Ib tins, llKc; S-lb tins, llftc.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 894c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; five -tierces, j 8%c per lb.
The market Is Inactive and unchanged.
Provisions.
. HONEY— Comb. 13V4@14c for bright and 12%
@13c for light amber; water white extracted,
7©7%c; light amber extracted, 5@6c; dark, 4<tt
60 per lb. ¦ • -¦- ¦ ; : ¦ *
BEESWAX— 25®28c per lb.
. ¦ -'i J- .< 'i ¦--. '.-'.¦ .
The market for evaporated apples was quiet.
California dried fruits dull.
PRUNES— 3%@7c per pound, as to size and
quality. ' .
APRICOTS— Royal, 7^4@12c; Moorpark, SY*&
13c. ; • ' ¦' •
PEACHES— Peeled, 12&@20c; unpeeled. 5%@
10c. ¦•¦ ¦ '¦ _
DRIED FRUITS,
f. o. 'b. afloat. Options had a weak opening
and . there .;,was ..active; dumping of . long
wheat .on more - favorable . domestic • crop
news, " talk of heavy world's ' ship
ments and light export demand, closing
easier at Tic to l%c net loss. May. 80%@80%c,
closed SOJsc; July. 78 9-16@78%c, closed 78&c;
September. 76 9-16@76 13-16c, closed : 76%c. I
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1900
crop. 17<S>20c; Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 16@19c.
HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
19c. -¦¦¦:.
WOOL-^Quiet; domestic fleece, 24@27c. •. ' . .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c.
Mild, quiet. Cordova. 8%@12%c. Futures
closed dull - and net unchanged to 5 • points
higher. Total sales, . 1750 bags." July, • fS 60;
November. $5 65; December, $5 80.
. SUGAR— Raw, firm ; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4&@4 15-16c; molasses sugar,
3%c. -Refined,, firm; No. 6, 6c; No. 7, 4.90c; Na
8, -4.80c; No. 9, 4.75c; No. 10, 4.70c; No. 11.
4.65c; No. 12, 4.60c; No. 13. 4.60c; No. 14, 4.55c;
standard A. 5.35c; confectioners' A, 5.35c; mold
A, 1 - 5.90c; cut loaf, 6.05c; crushed. 6.05c; pow
dered, 5.65c; cubes. 5.80a
BUTTER— Receipts. 7323 packages; firm.
Creamery, 17(f?19c; factory, ll@13c.
EGGS— Receipts,' 9S85 packages; firmer. West
ern regular packed, 12V&@13!^c; storage West
ern, 14c. - v ' - ' •
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — ; $4 86
Sterling: : Exchange, 'Bight.'... ....—. 4 89
Exchange and Bullion.
THE SAN FKA^CISGO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 5, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
31
STATION'S
24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka.
Red Bluff
Sacramento
Pan Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Luis Obispo
Los Angeles
Faji Dieeo
'.'.'.'.
45.93
24.21
19.52
20.51
11.06
5. So
• S0.85 '
15.57
11.24 I
48.17
22.33
18.62
18.20
8.S9
3.54
16.08
6.76
5.29
STATION'S
24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka.
Red Bluff
Sacramento
Pan Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Luis Obispo
Los Angeles
Faji Dieeo
'.'.'.'.
45.93
24.21
19.52
20.51
11.06
5. So
• S0.85 '
15.57
11.24 I
48.17
22.33
18.62
18.20
8.S9
3.54
16.08
6.76
5.29
AUCTION SALES
ATTEND THIS BIG fe
AUCTION SALE
Of Selected and Accepted
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
LERY HORSES,
Consisting of • j
150 MARES AND GELDINGS.
Broken single and double and weighing from
1000 to 1350 pounds. Not a cull in the lot. An
sound and free from blemishes. Sale will taka
place . ; - . ¦
TUESDAY, May 14, 1901,
Commencing at 10 a. ra.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,,
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD, S. JT.
WM. O. LATNG, Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard next Saturday.
£» AUCTION SALE OF 35 HORSES.
JUST ARRIVED, HANDSOME BAT AND
BLACK TEAMS; ALSO DRAFT AND DRI-
VERS. mO'Folsom St., April 30, at U a. m.city and probably will be occupied by him
as e. residence.*
The historic mansion, which is just op
poBlte the Bee Hive, was built In the days
when palatial residences were a novelty
In Bait Lake. It was vacated by Amelia
Folsom Young after the death of Brigham
Young: and for a time was occupied by
the late President Woodruff. The prop
erty was sold In the name of President
Bnow as trustee for the church.
"Amelia's "Mansion," a Celebrated
Structure in Salt Lake, Sold
by the Church.
BAX.T LAKE. May 4.— The Gardo house,
known as "Amelia's mansion." built by
Brig-ham Young for his favorite wife,
Amelia Folsom Young, and for years oc
cupied by her. to-day passed . out of the
bands of the church. The property was
sold to Colonel F. E. 8. Holmes of this
BRIGrTATVT YOUNG'S HOME •
NOW HAS A MWOWNEE
ASTORIA, Or., May 4.— The jury in the
case of the State vs. Will Madison,
charged with having violated the Proeb
stel nickel-in-the-slot machine law. to
night returned a verdict of not guilty.
Mr. Madison represented all of the local [
cigar and liquor dealers in the case. The
hearing occurred before a Justice's Court
jury. It was brought at the Instance of
the Ministerial Association of this city,
which recently began a moral crusade.
Reformers Lose Test Case.
sworn out hero late this afternoon for the
arrest of Federal Quarantine Officer J. J.
KInyoun, who , Is accused of the crime of
assault to murder. Joseph de Wolfe of
TIburon Is the complainant.
De Wolfe came to this city this after
noon and related a strange story to Jus
tice of the Peace Rodden. According: to
his tale the fact that he is now alive is
due only to the poor marksmanship of
KInyoun. Last November, while rowing
past tbe quarantine station. on Ansel Isl
and, De Wolfe says KInyoun stepped to
the edge of a high bluff and with a maga
zine rifle fired a volley of eight shots at
him. The bullets splashed in the water
around -his boat, the spray drenching . his
clothing. Several nf tbe . bullets passed
very close to him. One chipped the sail
cf his boat. All of the shots, according
lo his story, were fired with murderous
deliberation.
At the first shot De Wolfe turned his
boat from • the direction of .Tiburon,
whither he _was going, and headed for tho
main shore opposite. This, however, did
not etop the vollay,'- according ¦ to De
Wolf e. - ; KInyoun - seemed enamored with
his man-behind-the-gun act and the dead
ly hail of bullets drilled the air around
De Wolfe. ¦'¦¦..
When asked if he was within the bounds |
of the quarantine station De Wolfe said |
that he was" not; -that he was 'acquainted j
with the station and its boundaries, and
was not on, forbidden water .when his life
was attempted. He declared that he clear
ly recognized Dr. Kinyoun as the shooter.
He has seen. the doctor many. times and is
well acquainted with his. appearance. De
Wolfe further said that, after .emptying
his rifle, Dr. KInyoun calmly- reloaded the
weapon and acted as though he was go
ing to continue the bombardment. De
Wolfe claims that the reason this was not
done was that a large number. of people
in boats and launches were • spectators,
their attention having been attracted by
the shooting.
Explaining why he did not cause Kin
youn's arrest at the time. De Wolfe said
le was ignorant of the law and supposed
that he would have to bear the -expense
of the prosecution. As he had a family
he could not afford this.
De Wolfe is a deaf mute and his story
was told wltH his pencil. At first Judge
Rodden refused to issue a warrant, but
upon the advice of acting District Attor
ney" E. B. Martlnelll.' who heard De
Wolfe's story, the warrant was issued and
placed in the hands of Constable George
Agnew, who went- to San Francisco -to
night to effect a service. Bail Is fixed in
the sum of $2000.
Deputy Constable Agnew came' over
from San Rafael last evening to serve. the j
warrant on Dr. Kinyoun. but was unable ;
to find a Police Judge or Justice of the j
Peace to indorse the warrant. Dr. Kin- i
youn had planned to leave for the East j
on the 8 o'clock overland last evening, j
"but was not able to complete his arrange- !
ments and so postponed his departure un- j
til to-morrow. The warrant will be served j
to-morrow.
*SAN RAFAEL, May 4.— A warrant was
Joseph De Wolfe of Tiburon
Claims He Was Shot at ¦
Eight Times.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Quarantine OflQcer Is Ac
cused of Attempt to
Murder.
WARRANT OUT
FOR KINYOUN
THE SAN VFBANCiscO j'CALiv SUNDAY^ MAY 5, 190U
The Alumni; Association of the Univer
sity of California was to .have -held, a
meeting last night' at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art,: but a. quorum was not
present, ' and an adjournment" was - taken
to commencement day, May 15.
No Quorum Present.
Colonel George W. Bauer, Lieuten
ant Colonels C. A. Son and C. H. • Murphy;
Majors , Percival Dolman, W. Brewer, Philip
Thayer. and Nathan Moran; Captains F. A.
Denicke, William Jurcens/v J.:\V." Millar. R.
Logan, J. W de Laveaga, • W.- W. Downer
Oliver Dibble. -W.. T. Mooney. J. »W. S. Butler
and: Glenn. Allen; Lieutenants J. D. , Hatch J
A.- McGee,..W..H. Hilton,' G. F. Reinhardt. V
Henderson, J. S. Gallagher, : C. Schilling Ed
ward . H.' Pearce, Newell Vanderbllt, R. H.
Kelley, . E.: R. Jackson. . F. Otis, S. Sargentesh
and M. J. Richardson.
Pierre, Troop A, Cavalry, N. O. C: Rear Ad
miral-M. Miller,- U.S. N.;Major General W.
R. Shafter. U. S. A.
Honorary members — Professors W. E. Magee.
A; Putzker. A: O. Leuchner. W. A. Setchell,
C. L. Cory, Edmund CNelll, W. D. Armea and
M. :\V. Haskell; Captain H. . de H. Waite, U.
S. ; A; ; James Sutton, John - Mitchell, C. J.
Bauer and Captain C. H. ; Kornbtck. .
- "The Military Department of the University,
of California," -re«Donded; to ¦by-H.-de H.|
Waite; •"The. United States Army," • Lieuten-,
ant Colonel ; H. P. -. Maus, ¦ Inspector U. • S. , A. ;
"The Naval . Militia," Cactaln Thomas A.,
Nerney; '^The University of California," i Pro
fessor • W. \ D. ¦ Armer; "The Cavalry." ; Captain
The Alumni Commissioned: Officers' As
sociation of the University of California,
organized last September with Colonel
George W. Bauer, .recently, elected com
mander af the Naval Militia, as com
mander; Colonel H;,.W. Gibbon, 'senior
vice commander; Colonel J. R. Moulthrop,
junior vice commander, and CaptainWil
liam Jurgens, adjutant, gave a banquet In
the Spreckels Cafe last night. .-.There were
present' as the special guests of the com
mander all the officers of the Naval Mili
tia, also a, number, of the. prominent men
of the' regular army and the navy. /The
menu card was inclosed .in a cover of
suede leather, elaborately ' adorned with
letters of gold, • conveying the . objects 'of.
the-reunion, and fastened with a' gold rib
bon,,'the ; two -colors being typical* of -the
.University of California. After the,-sup
per had been disposed of "Colonel BaUer,'
whe was- the honorary -•- toastmaster,
passed the active work over to " Major B.,
Dolmartin. The 'toasts of the evening
v< ere as follows: ¦/ ' :
Charles Jansen of Troop A; "The Transport
Service," by^ Engineer. Klngsland. - •, . ..
Colonel Bauer read his report of/ the
Cadet Regiment of the university, - which
showed that during the last year it had
been raised to an unusually high standard,
and In- closing he paid a high compliment
to > Captain". Waite,' professor of military
science and tactics, for what'he had done
for -the .cadets. • . ; ..,: ..
-/. During ; the- evening iWilliam McDonald,
well known as : the , basso ; of < the Boston
lans, rendered ;.,, several : : vocal ; selections,
and as a conclusion of the enjoyable even
inn: there was drunk a-toast to President,
McKinley < and . three cheers were given
for the stars and stripes.
The .following named -were, present, at
the banauet: - . '• - ' ¦ ¦- - . - :
General W.-H.' Seamana, adjutant general, :
California; Lieutenant - Colonel M. P. Maus, !
inspector ¦ reneral, U. S. nA. ; ; Captain . W. . C. '
Coulson, United States steamship aicCuilcch;!
Captain T. • A, -Nerney, Lieutenant ; Commander
G. . R. .Klngsland. ' Lieutenant T. S. Harloe,
Lieutenant . George E. Kammerer,'. Lieutenant
W. ' T.- Bonney," ¦ Junior " Grade :. Lieutenant :• F.
Van Vleck. Junior Grade i Lieutenant J. : G. :
Morris&ey,-, Ensign-: J. " F. . Murphy, ' Ensign "' O.
F. , Smith. . Ensign 'J.r C Kelly, Enslgn\T. B.;
Leland, ' Ensign ••William 1 : Speck and : Ensign
J. M: Corcoran,^ California Naval MlllUa; Cap
tain " Charles Jansen, Lieutenant ; C.V P. .Wells,
Lieutenant E. H. Carr ' and - Lieutenant ' E. A. ¦
ENTERTAIN PROMINENT GUESTS AT A FINE BANQUET
A'umni Commissioned" Officers' Association of Sate. University Ho!ds Reunion With
Many Regular Army Men in Attendance;
of a Chinese woman arrested by th« Fed
eral authorities in a raid in Sullivan al
ley. She was an Inmate of a disreputable
house and claimed to be a native-born
Calif ornlan. Attorney Henry C. Dibble
appeared . for her yesterday morning: be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock and produced a certificate of reg
istration with the photograph of the ap
plicant. The photograph was very much
faded and it was doubtful whether It was
that of the defendant until the original
certificate In the office of Collector of In
ternal Revenue ' was brought Into court
when it was shown beyond a doubt that
she was the person named In the certi
ficate.. • ...j'. ."«.
It was proved, however, 1 that the woman
had sone under different names and that
she had stated immediately after her ar
rest that she was born in China * It was
shown also that she arrived In this city
on the Oceanic in; March. 1894. and waa
admitted on her : claim that she waa a
native of this country.
Judge Heacock took the case under ad
visement and in the meantime United
States District Attorney Woodworth will
Institute proceedings for the cancellation
of the certificate of .registration on tha
ground that it was obtained by fraudu
lent representations^ It having become ap
parent that the -woman* waa not in this
country at the time: reauired by law to
entitle her to registration.
CHINESE WOMAN OP
MANY NAMES TrvAivn N 1 *'"
Ti Wong Him Obtains Her Registra
tion Certificate by the TXs© of
Fraud.
Tl Wong Nim Is one of .the many names
KNIFE TJSED IN Y-ATHTTLY
BBAWL ON SIXTH STREET
K. E. I^.pham Objects to His Wife's
Company and Is Stabbed by
Visitor.
K E. I^aphain, proprietor of the Colum
bia-Stables on Eddy street, was treated
at the Receiving Hospital last nighty for
numerous knife wounds about the face
and neck; and. a deep cut inj.he groin.
The wounds were inflicted by Albert
Vlers, a teamster, residing: at 681 Mission
Lapiiam went to his wife's rooms at
33 Sixth street last night and found Viers
there. He objected to his presence," and
a row was started. During the melee the
teamster drew a- knife, and stabbed the
injured husband several times.
Police Officer Fontana was summoned
and placed Viers under arrest. ' He was
charged with assault to murder. •- The
woman was taken to the prison and de
tained as a witness.- ¦ ' • • -.• ¦>
Honor George /McQillivray.
A farewell banquet was tendered by, the!
employes of the Board of Public Works/
at the California : Hotel last night, to
George- W. McGllllvray, principal field
assistant in the Bureau of Streets,' who ls>
to leave for Alaska Monday. Charles J.
Gallagher acter as toastmaster. The ban
quet committee consisted of W. . Chester
Keogh, William J. H. White and Edward
J. Brandon, and the committee on, token
of John P. Horgan, I. L. Bevans and N.
W. Connor. Mr. McGillivray was pre
sented by the employes of the department'
¦with a beautiful gold watch and chain.
The presentation was made by A. J. Don
ovan. - v •• ¦ . ¦ ¦ ' • ¦ ¦ ¦-, - . '
32
A rood mirror tells the truth, so matter
on wnom It reflects.
* The theatrical ' manager usually has r a
cast In his eye. .; - ¦ r • •
KXPEBT • OPTICIAN. < ¦ ;
Neglected Eyesight
Affects the Brain
A San Francisco
CALL REPORTER
Is Thoroughly Convinced
That Mayerle's Glasses Are FAR
SUPERIOR to AH
Others.
for reailng- or distance, weak eyes, poor slgrht.
he&d&chea. dizziness, cloudiness of vision, float-
lng epota, pain about the eyes, behind the head
cr In temples, nervousness, sore eyes, discharg-
ing: eyes, feeling- like sand In the eyes, cross-
eyes, burning, smarting, itching, scratching,
twitching, erluey eyes, heavy eyelids, etc May-
erle'a plassee rest the eyes, strengthen the op-
tic nerve and preserve the sight. Mayerle's
rlaeses are now used by the highest United
£tatw Army. Navy and Government officials.
GEORGE MAYERLE,
German Expert Optician; ;
1O71J4 MARKET STREET .__
GEORGE MAYERLE. German: Expert. Op-
tldac (German Optical Institute), also gradu-
ate AMERICAN COLi£GE OF OPTHALMOLr-
OGT; charter member AMERICAN ASSOCIA-
TION OP OPTICIANS.
1O71J4 Market Street
(Opposite Hibemla Bank. San Francisco. Cal.)
Persons ordering glasses by mall 6hould state
their age: also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both; and what price.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL, 9. -,
Telephone South B72. ¦
German Eyewater, 50 Cents.:
CONSULTATION. EXAMINATION AND 1
ADVTCE FREE. .
CUT THIS OUT.
IPIB 1 ¦¦¦¦¦¦ !!¦ || L ,|.|U B — | ¦¦ .1 ¦!. 1 ¦ imi 1 11 ¦ 111 j ¦_! I— _¦ . ,. _ -LJLIJI fC~X l TCPr"*T1|l
g PflflOF DCSkS—^-3.75. . . Your choice of golden oak or mahogany I
t* t ¦¦ , rfr'lifrWri' ,1 finish. A convenient desk for your private 1
|§ • TaagpH^M^^^rN room; drawers and pigeonholes under lock and |
11 . ctMB^ " \ ey * A desk that girls and boys would like. 1
\ m m^'^m" When the President Comes some of us will {a
v P.; ; . ' "9_ T - -li-; 'give up our beds to. visiting friends. It will S
'.:-.¦" L^i^rJjr^^^H . be no hardship with nice cots to sleep on. This H
•fi^f IT^- —.(vjlL^^' one is strong but light. Woven wire mattress. |J
ff^S r^ e Folds into small space. Just the thing to ra
"' - take camping, too— 1.50. We can fit you out m
with top mattresses and pillows for cots. |j
i We will do our part |
To help brighten up your homes for our distinguished guests — In a way ra
that means dollars to you. These standard carpets reduced for this occa- m
sion. -Rooms measured, jcarpets sewed, lined and laid; these prices: H
TAPESTRY 3 patterns worth 75 c a yard for 6O C 1
BRUSSELS 4 patterns worth 85 0. a yard for 7 Q C 1
4 patterns worth $1.00 a y^rd for 8O C I
VELVETS 5 patterns worth $1,25 a yard for | . OO I
AXMINSTERS - 3 patterns worth $1.75 a yard for | . 40 1
3 patterns worth $2.00 a yard for | . QQ i
I] "Thk Credit House." Six Stories High. i
¦ Hale's. . -| Hale's: [ r : " Bale's. . : | Hale's. > : | Hale 7 *.
(jpriPi*iii l?p/lii.7f"ioii™"^5jlA 'f\f' : /Vl ill i n Pi*A7
VJIW1JW1 Cll i\vvl w v tll/lIT^OCilC v/1 iTlllllllWl \
? to . Get = Ready Week. I / Goes Into Effect Hoinday.
—and Hale's is brim full of *ret-ready ,-^ . TWO Reasons:-;
th ii", gs ;u We'll aii want to S pruce up '-/^^^bfci:-. • \—7he stocks need adjusting badly:
while the ? President is here. \N hat do j j_ y^ . f . f nm j han {f m wai f f WQ moni J lSt
New Neckwear? New Veils? . ,' // i^^Pk '^ ' • n r ,- ' ' ', '- ~ ~ : ' '* * : '~<'
New Pair Stockmnv? Now Hm-fUrrhi.f? in ?'$®®fomm -. uur success so far has not been attained by being afraid, nor do we hesitate now when the ordeal comes. Sacri-
Naw Hat? 9 I ".*!+ '4f^BSte4 ''"-'*^ififi8ftt ficingon fresh, stylish hats at the height of the season does take considerable nerve, but if it binds you closer to the
i\ew natf New Pair Gloves? -'-/li^isS y3£&&Wl!nfifk store it pays ' ' -
New Bit of Ribbon? New Belt? ' !>'(M '^^W M^^^^B^V^, ' ' ''¦ ' : '
New Silk Waist? ''fift^ This is the biR^est and most important millinery movement we ever attempted. That statement meana most to
What a chance our reduction sale of Mmi aJU fc«K^ )0U W T^ e^T^ t ! 1 c. 0^ ! o^ :^ and the values we have Riven ' Tt is sufficient in itseIf t0 brin^ hosts of you hcre -
millinery gives you to save money on £WM /T^\ ~mmW/f- IWt VARIETY IS BROAD. - . Mfflllllpp \\ fr|ll||*l|l ||H|I W\} ..
a new hat. See details in this adver-. !^^| -*~—^'WBS& : -''- THFSTv'r'rq a%v^^^A^i^rr^^^A 0^^ * kmd ' wherC °"S maII y thcre were that many dozen -
tisement iw$B&l «rr*as j^S^ar inh bTYLESARE AS PRONOUNCED AS EVER.
• „„• . • tffflBk • 1 BPMi NOT A FAULT TO BE FOUND WITH MATERIALS OR MAKING. ; ' 'I -• SI i\ -\ '
What a city full of visitors will be '/$EM^ ¦ N ow in the face of such fine stocks ; ' r^V %%i~£h??&':-"l
here next week. (Such attractions come v % *^sHOT\ 5 '^iU««i^iP^><S^^. B~^ T* • -a W ¥ j If V w-^. w-^. -* •*
\rCT;;ew"« Hat Has Been Reduced.
ycur^andb^w^^ '^^^^S^^ . Some a Quarter, Others a Third, Many a Half.
Comforts " Blankets W&^ JyjxBf&zP^ - r It is no half-way, half-hearted, spasmodic effort, but a carefully planned movement involving our entire mil-
: . "X/ : . '¦ i ,- - . linery stock of thousands of dollars' worth of wantable goods.
Prices quoted for them in this advertisement ought to interest big and little $7 Now. ' Hats Wene $9 to fcl«2 10c Stnnu, R» O M <*„
users everywhere; quantities sufficient to meet all demands ... • 1WVV V "aw.'.wcro !>» to Ifrl^. ..:._¦: ,¦ ¦.: *uc cstraw tSpaid, 3c.
tegg^spg i^^^^|^#isj MtSi^^^Smm^ MmB^M patterM ta "" dMlre4 **^
Wooi ne Buntiii ff Flaes-Made of best Cotton Flacs-Mounted' with a spear- Now. fiats Were 87 to $10. 50c Orna men ts, 19c.
quality, with stars stitched on both head; fast colors: size 2x3 feet; each (Tha Strongest Values of All) jw pieces gilt and steel buckles, bands and elaarn th» sea-
?ht e pole^ n co1o»°ne^chin P K e readr ' f0r $? S S*&? ... - T9 in this lot at last census taking, fortv-eight hour, a ff o. n e % V^ la |^ 8t Patterns will be closed out at thJ* remark-
3x1 feet"S2 KO 8x15 feet »7 OS , Fla , es T On St i? k ? a -i« Am Not a hat here more than two week! old. Most of them wire V ' *
Bx8 feet A *TK ¦ 9x16 felt 12* »S ttt f l n " 5 C oz - « x &/ ™£ &J5* b °m last week in our town workrooms. New. bright, catchy R -. V-I _ . ,_
clivw ! 1^.»» 3^ n. 4cdoz. 1Sx27^ in. 60c doz. styles, especially got up to lend emphasis and excitement to Rcd Velvet Geraniums, 40c.
Sl 7So^ ae i S Oc 5x12 in. 13c Lf^iS?}^ and 14c^ e ach: this sale. . . . The Identical ones that sell about town for JLOO; 18-Uewns
Festoonine Paper— Red. white and blue. Japanese I<ant o rns— In fancy shapes $3.95 Now. Hats'WePe 65 to- $9.
30 feet to the p^ece. each 15c- and color,; from 6Oc a doz. to Sl.SO- 30 of them.^owquickly they will be snapped up. Tiny Jane Roses, 50c Bunch.
Sale of 800 . OStriCh Feather BOSS $2.95 and $2.45 Now. Hats Were $4 to $8., One of the most popular trimmings, pink, whlte,-te* or red-
Sample Blankets, W, M W$§°^®^$^ m ° h ™ M «."«J^L Rose . 35 -
j SStadSS r^^ih^o'h- : Ju8t L e^ y^ XPre8S ChlHonHats^.to^^S.- §1 Me Vto« F.11^. «.. V . .
¦ ¦ !*, _-^ ¦•-. And priced thus . Tucked and ready for a bunch or two of these 8c roses; * different tints— 12 leaves to the bunch-«0 brmenefc They
HCw —rx 4-r\ Cta Dnii* Black, yard Ions J7. B0 and $10.00 each and, you know, chiffon hats are all the rage now. are worth 20c— while they last take them for 5c •
¦ rni.E|| 111 JyIII r^cllp. Black, 1% yards lOi^sr $12.60 and $13.M) _ . * " - . . .
l^i.pv/ iu %y»v/ » . oJ^^a&OT'^W^I^y^ffiS Prcttic8t » Swcll «st Little Hats for Girls, 98c. Walking Hats, 55c.
g White or colored. They are iust in Gray^^;yarSflong."K^.*$^'w.**$«.^and. r $l8.*00 We. have Just received from New York, in rough! straw Black or tan manila straw— velvet bind and band. I'lHTST
H time for vou folks who need more fur- "Natural, yard long ...r.....m.oo trimmed ln-mull; pink, blue, white or; corn color. See them '¦"*¦•
| time tor you to ks wno neea more mr Natura , 1% yards ions ....jis.oo by all means To 6e more particular, they can be worn, by $1 Rough Straw Sailors. 63c.
S nishings for visitors McKinley week. .;.« ••¦• — — _,._ children. 6 to 10 years. . Z. , ' ,, s Li? C ¦ Bllor8 ' ooc * .¦-•_..;
I ¦ ¦ Table Linen, 5Oc« •— — — ¦ ¦• • * Black or whlte bands - \ .tnnnsnmnsi~\
I CVm 4- 12 pieces of a fine, heavy, mercerized 25c Bunch of Roses, 8c. - $1.50 Walking Hats, $1.00.
I »!5llCCLS« cloth^bleached a snowy white— will "be Bright, new, fresh— as' if you Just plucked them. Have Rough straw In any color— trimmed with buckle and velvet
1 ~ offered this week for SOC — 66 inches not been taken cut of their boxes yet. 3 roses to the band. .
The same q ualit y ,, 2 inches wide. \ $I.T5 Sailons, $,. 25 . j
with a 2 -inch hem- ' -^ napkins.to match. gl.TS per doz. + - __: __ __ _ 1 'Z&fflSSJS^^t'ZSZSg'* ****
45c each 54*90 inches ' >TYiwelin0 IOC i -^— _ _-_ *
Stylish soc Suitings 32C-; ' a M«mw«rk+k Oi*SsK^« C Q 1 O W
50 pieces fancy mixed covert suitings, a soft, dressy cloth, very desirable -J}ilT± k 1 T Adi 1 1 1 J. B\3 L-flJI JlV. I %3 t/ vf H OdlV fll
for outing wear — choose from the leading spring shades- 1 -36 inches wide. YrC^/ ~~ [{
Fancy Cheviots 75c. Pebble Suitings $l.i5. ffjjr ff OVERTOPS THEM ALL
An all-wool fabric. 45 Inches wide. In An extra heavy stuff, hard-twisted sur- ' j[\(f ' • .¦-.-¦ "ire^.
mixes of blues, greens, grays, beiges, tana, face that sheds the dust, 50 inches wide I \ Vvl Wt> a n» nn\ n n f« f .fl ?»,- *. .. /.' 1 "•'¦¦-'.'. ' JKvvS%.
browns, etc.; a stuff so much used now for and in a full range of favorite shades; VONk going iO Se.ll tne very highest Quality of Wide satin and gTOS grain lUVWvK
outing wear. fancy mixes. ribbons at . /}VVUW
Silks Under Regular Prices, Sqc. W§ L ess Than Half Regular Prices '/M
Our remarkable selling last month left us with a number, of but small lots in . (||(C — »^*»»«^ . '. Ai . IUI1 . 1 '!* 1 ** *VW^ Uldl llltWd
fancy silks They have been withered and; grouped at this price./ 59c. V\^ We couldn '< give you more for your money if you paid us twice as much for there L__ '. -
Every yard is new, every color seasonable. They are the stuffs so much in de- flr ; nft fm»r nii«iiti M m «x- r . i // ;. ', ¦'*!-¦. " 7_ * ' * >^v *,
mand now for outin* waists. Choose from the reinforced lots, sqc- are no finer qualjties made.. The truth is that because they drc so superior is /
Wash Surahs 75c. Berigaline Silks Sl.OOV /f/W very reason why we can sell them so cheap They >yere too fine for ;
A soft, dainty, delicate- goods, every A new Invoice of these popular French /(( (( th i s man ' s . trade -1 He wanted tO 7 give his attention to Cheaper grades, . Asked US sZ&Si
yard of which Is guaranteed to hold Its Bengalines will be shown this week. ./{( V\ to helD him maxevthe turn niilrk In th*> Int ar» -- V7/7/ >
color in water. Very desirable now for They are in all the up-to-date colors. It (VvNo .. l V- '? CI F ""•• •»a^*"e turn quiCJf. in tne lOt are -- /////
shirt waists.. Choose from plain-colors is a, fabric that has a wool filling and a \^^<^ • 4 /T\ f\ JT\ T ' « • ////¦
and all the favorite ones, including black heavy double warp— very bright and will vj^^ J ¦ Illlll \f Q ** f\ O in I
—19 inches wide. not crush or wrinkle— 20 inches wide. — \ Jbt l.f VTV-U . - I d.1 Ud III
Silk Striped ChallieS 75c. tfA »n All the Brightest, Choicest Colorings You Can Think Of /) \
waifts flne FrenCh producUon 'npiain colors and polka dots-new sprang ideas for fffi? So new> so so beautiful. It's a ribbon temptatio,, you can't resist! Think X§V S
¦ A Couple of Extra Values in - | of buying staple, all^^^ No off
Women's Hanakerchiefs. \X^ ™ «»?^^«^**™™^J^*±^^ J^ \
Pure Linen 25c— Scalloped, em- Swiss Handkerchiefs 15c— Seal- fffTp^ White Lilac Shrimp*Pink) Oranee 'SS^'
broidered borders or hemstitched with loped and hemstitched — also lace ed<yed ' U [\y . Credm Cardinal Lavender No. ff'Z' \
embroidered corners, or with lace.edar- and lace corners— -hemstitcheJ with lace i\\V\\ Turouois Heliotronc 7 ' />¦«/ - di • ' 'f/'^
ing and lace insertion, or lace insertion insertion and lace corners — others em- \\\\\\ cuJii p: r .t a -j /• r» ,&¦¦£.-' BlUCltC f
and footing— also some dainty Swiss broidered with lace edRing— a matchless ' vi\\) c ' ; And a tuU range of, Green Shades,,^ Browa i?^\
embroidered {handkerchiefs with seal- variety at one* price, 15c. r ~ X^r Four widths and prices: '. . ./ _ * ** '
loped borders. . ¦ _ _ . ... , ... :, r . , , s ., .! fl^Jf g Q .f«>^«jjl }$*•*<*•- W* r P rl « 1 C for No. i'6, 2 J Inches wide; sold nowhere S^SI
Wnmon'c \£YA i~w t si^Tat? : - ' * (CC^v everywhere, 15 cents. I «Jt under 22 and 25 cents. ! JL
VVOmenS MU UlOVeS, . /, C^*^ IOC f0I> l l' 1 lnc^ hes wlde; sold * very ' 1 C/-^No. 22. n Inches wide: regularprlce /ZW\ \
Don't be without a pair of frfoves when Hie President is here. 'These prices . - wnere for 19 and 20 cents. - 1 wW everywhere, 27 to jocenH . ff//\ ( :
put more than ordinary st vie and quality 'within easy reach. ,. . • ¦; v >5^^^ These are the very best values we've ever offered our customers. Thar means a good deal for us to Ul (J / I
T ?a e tl1t^eftlof ?n a w^fe^ O e ve^m V a e d^ '/(k^ t^JZ^^^^^ T* " ¦***>"* -«Jn f past eight month,. (/I// \
of real Kasan stock, with saddle seams. arc all here— sizes from 4^ to 6^. ( J v\ ' bellln 2 sta f ts wltn opening of doors to-morrow and will continue till «ll of the 21,000 yards are sold V^ '
S^m'St'anKfiff^V&SSlSt "i^U^fiM'ffii^giPiSS^^-SS ' / I) ) / Jh^f > *»' P^ed- on the two table. In front of ihe store, the two tab.es In silk a.s.e and £_ • j
at the wrist with one large pearl but- newest shades of tan, red and mahog- \\ /(/.''#? Dargain square, : . . -. \^ *
Comes in two sized cans. 60c and $1.00. It is ah enamel that Rives a natural \C''^^x^ VsSooO^ j^^ - y--_ "^^
finish to floors, furniture and linoleum; dries hard over night and wears like N^: " "^Zs\ '. ¦ ;^^s^b»^t —^-^"^ . —
cement. - •¦¦'¦¦" ' '¦¦ . ¦ ¦'¦ '¦' '• : : - -::"• '-¦¦•..-¦• ,;;.^u . ¦/ - -. ..- . ¦. — • , , . ¦