the Shasta County Ohio Society. General
Tillotson will act as spokesman of the
committee on the arrival of the Presiden
tial train. "
As the Presidential party will make a
stay of only ten minutes, there will be no
speechmaking and no elaborate exercises
of any kind; simply a patriotic outpouring
of the people to see the President. It is
proposed j to have a procession of all so
cieties and orders in the city and the
school children. Delegations will be pres
ent from every part of the county. ¦
Officers and sub-committees appointed
by the general reception committee- have
been named as follows: Marshal, M. F.
Eldrldge; finance, F. P. Primm (chair
man), W. M. Campbell and John Potts:
invitation— F. M. Swasey (chairman), J.
W. Brackett, L. F. Barnes, Mrs. Eugene
S.' Watson and Mrs. 'Eliza Logan; decora
tion—Mrs. .William Glllespie (chairman),
Mrs.. Cal Owings, Mrs. Rufus Brain, Mrs.
Tom : Houston, W. E. Smith, J. J. Cham
bers, Rev. J.'. P. Jones and Rev. A. L.
Burleson; music— F. F. Dustin (chairman),
Fred Brownlee and F. G. Sanderson. '
-¦' ¦ ¦¦ . » ¦ ' '¦ .. ¦
SISSON TO MAKE
¦• ' A DEMONSTRATION
Though but for Five Min
utes- President "Will Be
Given. Royal Welcome
SISSON, April 28.— Sisson is not going to
be behind other, California towns in ar
ranging an appropriate and patriotic re
ception to : President McKlnley and his
party on the occasion of their visit to the
coast. " Though the Presidential train will
make a step of ' but five minutes at this
point, it is expected the President will be
greeted with a big outpouring of the peo
ple from miles around.
' ' The" committee appointed to perfect and
carry out arrangements for the reception
is composed of [ E. H. Autenrieth, A. J.
Knight, . W. | W. Foster, Leroy - Lee, S. - H.
Hill, C. W. Hlrsch and Dr. E. E. Thomp
son. ' It is probable that - there will be ; a
procession ' in which ', the \ different lodges
and societies, and the school children will
participate. : The town will also undertake
to entertain the crowd that Is expected to
be present by providing games and other
amusements that, will give to the occasion
the semblance of a holiday. . ... -..--;.
¦ E. H.Autenrieth will probably be chosen
to act as , spokesman ' for the , committee.
Mr. '•- is one -of the old-timers.
¦When President: Hayes visited the ¦ coast
Mr. Autenriethi who ' was then a resident
It will be recalled that the last Legisla
ture appropriated $2000 to be used by the
reception committee j which j it named ( in.
any manner which the committee should
deem - best; It .had been suggested that
the monej/ be used j to give the President
a strictly' legislative reception -in the
State Capitol, but this idea has ¦ practi
cally been abandoned as taking on 'too
much of the appearance of exclusiveness,
and it has been j pretty well j settled ; that
the legislative committee, the Ohio Soci-
SACRAMENTO, April 28.— A great wel
come awaits President McKlnley and his
party on their arrival in Sacramento. The
resident members of the legislative com
mittee — Senator R. T. Devlin and Assem
blyman Grove L«. Johnson — has held sev
eral conferences with Mayor Clark, repre
senting the municipality: General T.W.
Shechan, representing the local posts of
the Grand Array of the Republic, and
Captain E. L. Hawk, president of 'the
Ohio Society of Central Calif ornia, • look
ing to an ¦ arrangement which will unite
all Interests and accord to the- President
a memorable reception. -V. .
ceived on May Queen's
Throne in Capital Park
The President to Be Re-
SACRAMENTO HAS
AMBITIOUS PLANS
Other amusements - are to be provided,
and the thousands of visitors who come
to San Jose will not see one dull moment.
On the lots back of the courthouse will
be a complete Midway, conducted by the
Western Street Fair and Exhibition Com
pany. These attractions are coming from
the East. There will be at least twelve
shows, and free exhibitions will be given
dally by skilled vaudevlllians and aerlal
ists. The attractions of the Midway In
clude the Beautiful ' Lunette, the Aerial
Venus, Streets of Cairo, Coontown Four
Hundred, Visions of ,Art, Little Baby
Krause, German Village, and several oth
er shows of a high standard of excel
lence.
For Wednesday entertainments not yet
perfected will be given throughout ¦ the
day. In the evening will be the grand pa
rade of the horribles, with all of the Mar
dl Gras features, in which all citizens and
visitors are expected to participate and to
have a good time. ¦,
be another Illustrated concert In the St.
James Park. After the parade the-floats
will all be grouped around, St.' James
Park, and these will be kept fresh with
flowers all through the carnival. >
| REDDING, April- 2S.— Arrangements for
the reception j of President McKinley . are
rapidly taking shape. ; The non-partisan
committee', having ". the matter ' in . ¦ charge,
recently 'appointed^ by: the local', Board of
Trade, Is composed Vof the following,rep
resentative citizens: J." Thornton Rohm,
Mayor of Redding, chairman ; § Edward
Sweeny, Judge 'of , the " Superior . Court;
George ,W. Bush, president of the McKin
ley. and Roosevelt Club; Francis" Carr," sec
retary of the ; Bryan and Stevenson ; Clubi
and General W.D. Tillotsoh,. president of
thusiasm— No Exercises
Ten Minutes' Stop of Presi
dent to Be Spent in En-
REDDING WILL .
GIVE WELCOME
The Grand Army of the Republic and
Ohio Society will . act as the guard of
honor to the President. Secretary Cortel
you has sent a telegram to Mayor Clark,
saying that Mr. McKinley Is pleased with
the arrangements as roughly outlined' to
him. - ..' '-¦-_ -¦- '- -
From ¦ the May ; Queen's throne, which
will be built, upon the classic architectural
lines of the Capitol itself, the President
will be greeted by several thousand school
children; who will' present him with flow
ers. A special train will be chartered by
the legislative committee to escort the
Presidential party • from Stockton to this
city. If Governor Gage is in the city at
the time he^will doubtless participate ' in
the reception' and be one of those to de^
liver "short -welcoming addresses.
. A drive about the city at night is con
templated, and rows of electric lights. are
being stretched across ' the streets at in
tervals of twenty feet. •¦"- The arches and
streets in the street fair will also be-il
luminated, and the committee even has
under consideration the great project of
outlining the Capitol building with elec
tric lights. It is believed that a sight so
impressive as this would be one of the
most, novel and striking experiences of
the Presidential visit. I
ety, the. Grand Army of the Republic and
citizens in 'general shall participate In" a
reception on the-* throne of the May Queen
in Capitol Park, which, with the grand
stand, will. remain In place for the event.
Lieutenant Governor Neff,' President of
the Senate, will address a few words of
welcome on behalf of the State Legisla
ture, and it is expected that President
McKinley will respond, so that the thou
sands on the grand stand will hear his
voice. ¦ : ',. •
MEMBERS OF THE CITIZENS' EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE AND CHAIRMEN OF. FIVE OF THE SUB-COMMIT
TEES THAT WILL HAVE CHARGE' OF THE IMPORTANT PORTIONS OF THE PROGRAMME OF ENTER
TAINMENT PROVIDED FOR THE RECEPTION OF THE PRESIDENT. ""
Tuesday morning the great floral parade
will be held. An early hour is necessary
because of the departure of the President
from the city. In the gTand floral parade
there will be six bands of music. There
will also appear as a feature a '.'winnow
ing mill" float, which will strew the path
of the President in the procession with
rose leaves.
The afternoon will witness bicycle arid
automobile races at Agricultural Park.
The wheelmen will give a gTand illumin
ated parade* in the evening, and there will
In the evening: the Presidential party
will be tendered a reception at the Hotel
Vendome. There will also be a display of
fireworks from the roof of the city hall
and an illustrated band concert by Ron
covieri's band in St. James Park. N
On Monday, the first day of the carni
val, the President and party will be met
at Santa Cruz by Mayor Martin and two
other prominent citizens, who will accom
pany him to this city. Here the President
and party will be turned over to Direc
tor General Greeninger. He will be ¦ met
at the depot and taken to the reviewing
stand in front of the courthouse, -where
he will be welcomed by the Mayor and
presented with the keys of the city. The
ladies will also come forward and present
to the President the mammoth bouquet—
75 feet in circumference and 25 feet high
—they are preparing for him. The bouquet
will be in St. James Park, just in front
of the courthouse. After this the Presi
dent will be taken for a drive through the
orchard districts surrounding the city.
There will be about fifty magnificent
floats In the grand floral parade. These
will Include designs that are unique and
beautiful, and which will eclipse anything
ever seen in this city or on the coast. In
addition there will be a large number of
handsomely decorated carriages and au
tomobiles in the parade.
St. James Park, the decoration of which
was assigned to the ladies of Santa Claxa
County, will also be magnificently deco
rated. These decorations will consist of
twelve-foot arches at each of the main en
trances, with four ten-foot arches in the
center leading to the fountain. The fount
ain will be handsomely decorated. The
great masterpiece of these decorations will
be the President's bouquet, which will be
erected near the First street side of the
park, directly opposite the entrance to the
courthouse.
The street decorations will consist of
evergreens, carnival flags, American flags,
palm trees, etc., so placed as to present
a beautiful appearance through all the
streets. The ' decoration of business
houses will also be made on a plan in
harmony with those of the streets, so
that when completed it will present, as a
whole, one of the most beautiful appear
ances that has ever been seen In San Jose.
For the past month the executive com
mittee has been at work on the pro
gramme, and the report made by Director
General Greeninger covers almost the en
tire carnival. Of course there are some
minor details and other amusements to
be added.
£AN JOSE, April 28.— The' trfbuieVand;
reception tendered President -McKlnley by
the people of Santa Clara Cdfcnty*- has
been almost completed In detail. It will be
a royal floral fete, and the carnival, with
Us myriads of flowers, will give the East
erners a - glimpse of a veritable realm of
Flora.
They Will Form the Prin
cipal Fentur,e;©f the -Re
ception to Mr. MeKLinley
Union Ice Company. $25; American Biscuit
Company. $25; James V. Coleman, $25; John
Taylor & Co., $25; Zan Eros. & Co.. $25; Henry
Doyle & Co.. $25; The Bradstreet Company,
S25; Thomas Magee & Co.. $23; James do la
Montanya & Co.. $25; Gladding, McBean & Co..
$23; Hornleln & Krumb. $25: Mutual Label
and Lithograph Company, $25; Charles G.
Lathrop. »25; total, $1320.
FLOWERS, FOR THE
SAN JOSE FIESTA
Replies to invitations sent out by tlH>
banquet committee row Indicate that no
r.cre than enough persons to fill the la
dles' grillroom of the Palace Hotel will ac
cept. There will be between sixty and
seventy Invited quests and these with the
number of acceptances" wilr make up
about the seating capacity of the grill
rrotn. This is about 465.
¦Work on the decoration and alteration
of the great nave of the ferry building
In preparation for the public reception
to the President on the night of nis ar
rival has been commenced, and before
the week is out it will be well under
¦way. It I? Intended that the President
Ffcall occupy a stand railed off from the
crowd and raised, the object being to
prevent any overenthusiastic citizen
from grabbing the Presidential hand and
vigorously shaking the same. It is the
edict that there shall be as little hand
shaking as possible, the idea being that
if the President shakes hands with every
enthusiastic XVepterner who desires the
honor he will leave his hand and a good
portion of his forearm, behind him. It
becomes work after several thousand
have done the pump-handle act, and the
prospect of several thousand more await
ing a chance does not help matters.
The stand from which the President
will receive in the ferry building will be
surrounded with ferns and palms and
flowers, and along the walls more green
and waving: branches will help to trans
form the place into a garden. And the
tri-colored lights which follow the arches
and girders will all be overhauled so that
they will burn their brightest, for it is
not often a President comes as far
toward the setting sun as San Francisco.
The crowds outside will be marshaled by
the military, and those on the inside by
the police. It is expected that there will
be at. least 103,000 people to pass through
the nave of the ferry building on that
eventful Tuesday night, and it will take
a great deal of planning, much patience
and more than ordinary skill to keep
the crowds from mixing themselves lu
the entrances and still have them re
main g-ood natured. The reception at
ths ferry building will be the only abso
lutely public appearance of the Presi
dent.
Street Decoration.
This morning will see the first move
toward decorating the streets. The deco
rations downtown— that is below Third
and Kearny, on Market street— will con
sist mainly, of illumination, but along
Third and Kearny streets garlands and
potted palms will add their beauty to
the sun by day and the twinkling lights
by night. At the Intersection of Third.
Kearny, Geary and Market there will be
effected some such plan as so beautified
th» crossing during* the presence of the
Native Sons at their last celebration.
And then up on Market street to the City
Hall more lights and evergreens will
transform the street Into a boulevard
fringed with green and roofed with blaz
ing lamps. At the bay the ferry build-
Ing will be outlined with fire, and far up
the street the gleam of the lamps will
end in the blazing tower of the City
Kail that will pierce the sky like a leap
ing flame.
The finance committee reports the fol
lowing additional subscriptions up to
noon Saturday:
Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson, $100; Mills
building, $100; Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, $100;'
Charles N. Felton, $100; Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company and Pacific Light Company.
fT5; Canadian Bank of Commerce, 130; George
W\ McNear. $50; J. K. Armsby & Co., $50;
W. M. Alexander. $30; Hobart estate. $50; J.
C. & E. Coleman, $50; Producers' Oil Ex
change, $30; Main & Winchester. $50; R. Duns
muir & Eons, second donation, J45; Captain
Charles E. Nelson. $25; XV. T. Garratt & Co..
$2S; .Gtorce .W. Dow Pump Company, $.25:
— -¦¦-•- . /
Banquet Arrangements.
WHAT those in charge of th€
welcome to the President In
this city are most in need of
Just now is money. It ha?
beon coming in with a free
dom that promised more than
It bore out, for the subscriptions arc not
In such large sums as at first and it is
tho amount that counts. It will take at
least $3fl,000 to carry out properly the planr
of the various committees and It would br
regrettable If any scheme had to be cur
tailed because cf a lack of funds to carry
It to a successful conclusion. The finance
committee Is hard at work canvassing,
but while the canvassing In itself is suc
cessful sLill the city cannot be Dro^erlv
canvassed In t!ma to secure the amount
net-cesary before the President arrix-es. In
cer.nequenee tha committee desires that
whoever Intends to srive shall communi
cate with any cne of the members nnd
offer the subscription instead of waiting
tor a. canvasser.
The ar-rroval of the programme finall;.
cfTcrcd In <Ieta'.l to the President nav
mopped out the work cf tho various sub
committees so clearly that from now on
It should b« practically plain railing.
There la scir.e controversy over just where
the children from the schools will be rc-
VteT7*4. l«t thl3 trill he settled within a
few days at the furthest. It is the opin
ion of the School Department that Van
ICera avenue Is better than the Dark 'cr
tho purpose, because the children can br
lln*d up on that thoroughfare in mucJi
better formation than they can anywhcio
Jn tho rarlc end that their formation car
be ranoo more effective. It is also urged
that the r.-tr.ue la the better place bc
cntiso £t Is more accessible from all the
cc^oola !n the cltv. On the other ha-d.
the executive committee has considered
r.o otfccr place besides the park and ihe
members are not willing to give up their
first plans unless convinced that subse
quent ones are better.
ALL IS IN READINESS FOR THE PRESIDENT
AND HIS PARTY TO START ON THEIR TOUR
OF THE WESTERN STATES THIS MORNING
The President and Mrs. MeKinley Are in the Best o^||r^tt]i|and :^&§^0^^f^T^^^ii^^da^^^ to Seven 'Weeks
of Sightseeing — Local Arrangements Have Been Approved by Mr. MeKinley and Nothing Remains Except
to Subscribe the Money Necessary to Carry Them Out Properly and With Credit to the City and to the State
of Jacksonville, Or., took part in the re
ception to the President. That was before
the gap in the California and Oregon Rail
road was closed. Hayes and party were
forced to take 'the stage at Redding and
proceed overland to Oregon or return the
way they had come. General W. T. Sher
man was a member of the Hayes party.
MAKING READY
IN SAN ANTONIO
Town Is to Be Decked in
Red, White and Blue—
Every One Enthusiastic
SAN ANTONIO, April 2S.-The visit of
President McKinley and his Cabinet to
San Antonio on May 4 will be one of the
most notable events Jn the history of the
city, and on that occasion there will be
multitudes of people here from all over
this part of Texas. The railroads will run
special trains to accommodate the crowds,
the city will be lavishly decorated with
the national colorsand all San Antonio
will put its best foot forward in the wel
come to be given the chief executive of
the nation. The Presfdential train will
arrive in the railroad yards some time
during the night of May 3, the visitors re
maining aboard on the sidetrack until the
reception committee takes charge of them
after breakfast, j
President. L. J. Hart of the Business
Men's Club and his committees have been
hard at work getting everything in shape
for - the reception and entertainment of
the distinguished party, and now, with
the exception o£,a few details, have the
programme mapped out. Several days
ago the following was wired Hon. George
B. Cortelyou, the private secretary of
President McKlnley: .
Our Information la that President McKlnley
will arrive on morning- of May 4. Programme
contemplated Is as follows: Committee In car
riages to meet Presidential party at depot,
thence drive through center of city to Fort
Sam Houston, thence return to reviewing
stand. Address of welcome by Mayor; re
sponse by President McKlnley and others. La
dles' reception at hotel. Further entertain
ment If time permits. Complete programme
will be mailed. I,. J. HART.
President Business Men's Club.
Z. B.. CAMPBELL, for Committee. -,
Tuesday afternoon the following answer
to the. above telegram was received by
President Hart:
Executive Mansion, "Washington,- April 23.
i,'. J. Hart, President Business Men's Club:
Telegram from yourself and Mr. Campbell
duly received and held awaiting arrival of the
.programme by mail, which has not yet ar
rived. Programme suggested in • telegram is
satisfactory. GEO. B. CORTELTOU, Sec
- "While the telegram outlines the pro
gramme to be carried out, our people
could not. frcm a reading, of it fully ap
preciate Just what the full- programme
will* be. The city Is to be decked in red,
white and blue bunting from one end to
the other; 5000 flags have been ordered
for, the school children ¦ to wave as the
Presidential party passes before them in
Travis | Park; the veterans of Albert Sid
ney Johnston Camp. U. C. V.. and the'G.
A.-R. veterans will be out In force.
The reviewing stand will be near the
historical Alamo, and from it President
McKinley ": will . listen to • the address of
welcome from. Mayor Marshall Hicks.
WASHINGTON. April 2S.-Pas
senger engine 350. in charge
of Engineer Frank Lar
mond, will at 10:30 o'clock
Monday morning pull out
from the Pennsylvania sta
tion one of the finest private trains ever
run over any American railway system.
This train of seven cars Is for the use of
President McKinley and his party, and
on it they will travel* continuously for
nearly seven weeks, covering 10,581 miles
through the length and breadth of the
United States.
The guests have been notified to be at
the station promptly on time. Not a de
tail has been forgotten for the comfort
and convenience of the party. Each mem
ber was notified to havo his or her bag
gage^ ready at 8 o'clock Monday morning,
to be taken to the station, where It will
be placed In the individual staterooms
assigned to the guests, or In allotted
space In the combination baggage car.
Each person on the trip has received
from Secretary Cortelyou a card signed
by himself, proclaiming the bearer to be
a member of the President's party, and
commending the bearer to the courtesy
of any one to whom the card might be
presented.
All of the hundred details of the trip,
so admirably completed, have been ar
ranged by Secretary Cortelyou and by-
Second Vice President of the Southern
Railway V. P. Finley. through his
representative. Colonel I* S. Brown, gen
eral agent of the Southern Railway'Com
pany. The Southern Railway will have
charge of the trip from Washington to
New Orleans.
General Agent Brown will accompany
the party to superintend all details as
far as New Orleans. At this point the
party and the train will be under the
supervision of Julius Xruttschnltt, gen
eral manager of the Southern Pacific
Railroad.
The Train Beady.
At noon to-day the- train arrived In
WashinsrWiv_* ; r«sh front th* .shops e*t tjJRjj
Pennsylvania. Company to "Wilmington,
Del.- The cars were sidetracked and will
be brought up to the station ready for
the start early to-morrow morning. By
the time the Presidential party has ar
rived the entire interior of the train will
be handsomely decorated by a local flor
ist. C*he entire train is practically new.
All of the cars have been touched up and
are glistening In their splendor. The
external color is the regulation rich dark
hue of the Pullmans.
Nothing will teU of the distinguished
occupants of the train except the Presi
dent's flag waving * from the tiny flag
rods at the front of the engine. The con
ductor of the train will be W. W, Al
bright. Both he and Engineer Laimond
are among the most trusted employes of
the Southern road. The engine is a first
class passenger engine, large and of the
latest type.
The President will not be relieved of
all his official duties while absent from
"Washington. In fact the seat of Govern
ment will go along with him. Three ste
nographers will be at his command and
public - business will be transacted as
thoroughly as if the executive were at
the 'VVhite House. All of the Cabinet of
ficers except Secretaries Gage and Root
and Attorney General Knoi will be mem
bers of the party, and regular sessions of
the Cabinet will be held on the train.
Secretary and Mrs. Long are now In
Colorado, where they were called several
days ago because of the illness of one of
their daughters; but they expect to join
the party before San Francisco has been
reached.
Presidents Will Not Meet.
It Is now a certainty that President
Diaz will not meet President McKlnley
at El Paso, so the little session of the
Presidents of the sister republics has
been cut from the schedule. The reason
given is that Diaz cannot now leave the
City of Mexico on account of Important
affairs of state.
All the foreign Ambassadors have called
upon - Secretary Hay to bid him farewell
before he leaves on the President's trip.
Practically all of them have signified their
Intention to visit Europe during the Sec
retary's absence. Lord Pauncefote, the
British Embassador, announced that ha
had changed his plans and would leave
soon for England.
The Presidential train, which Is practi
cally new, Is made up of seven cars. The
President's own car, the Olympia, i3 In
the rear of the train. Next to the engine
is the combination baggage and smoking
car, Atlanta, followed by' the new dining
car, St. James, with a capacity of forty
people. The next two are the handsome
twelve-section drawing-room cars, Omeaa
and Guiana, which will be followed by the
Pelion and Charmion. compartment cars,
with seven staterooms and two drawing
rooms. The President will ride In the
Olympia as far as San Francteco, and
there will be transferred to the Lucar.ia,
one of the finest private cars In existence.
In which he will make the return to the
East. The Olympia is seventy fteet long,
has five private rooms and one sofa sec
tion, and -will -¦ — — »rnodate nine persons.
The Lueanla has accommodations for thir
teen people. The President and Mrs. Mc-
Klnley will have their meals served In
their own car. At the White House to
night it was announced that all was . In
readiness for the trip. There were a num
ber of callers during the afternoon and
evening to say good-by to the chief exec
utive and his wife before their departures
SAN FBANCISCO/ MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXX3X-NO. 150.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.SAX FRANCISCO, April 2S, 1OO1, 5 p. m.
OZOtli Meridian Pacific Time.)
The following; are lite *ea«onal rainfallN to date as compared
rrltlt thoKe of name dale Ia«t Mention, and rainfall in last twenty
four lionrMt
Last TIiIm. I.:i«t.
Stations— 21 Houra. Scnnon. - Scanon.
Cnrcka 0.1)0 45. 03 47.05
Red Bluff O.9S 23. OS 21.75
Sacramento O.SO 17. SO 17.33
San Francisco O.l« 10.15 18. 1O
Frexno O.OO 10. «8 7.94
Independence O.OO 5. SI 2.8O
San I.ntM Oblnpo O.OO 27. 8S 15.82
Ih»« Anirclen O.OO 14.17 O.1O
San Diego O.OO 10.00 .....
San Francinco data: Maxlmnni temperature, 55; minimum,
47; mean, 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL FORECAST.
Tlie weather is cloudy went of the Rocky Mountains and
north ot the Tehachapi. L.is;bt ruin has fallen from the -vicinity
of Stockton northward in California and throngrhoat Oregon and
Washington. The pressure lias fallen over the northern portion
of the ruclfic Slope darlnsr the past txventy-fonr hours, hut
there ha« been a. nlia;bt ri«e over the western portions of Wash
ington and Orceon in the last twelve hour*.
The temperature has fallen In the Sacramento Valley and in
Southern Oregon and risen over the Roclcy Mountain Regrlon.
ConditiopM ore favorable for rain to-night and Monday from
the Tehachapi northward in California*
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours, ending:
midnight, \pril SO.'lObl'l
Northern California — Rain Monday; cooler ln the San Joa
quin Valley; fre«h southerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Monday; light southwest wind.
Nevada— Rain Monday; cooler in north portion; brisk: south
erly wind.
Utah— Cloudy, with rain; cooler; brisk southerly wind.
Arizona — Pnrtly cloudy Monday; lieht southerly wind.
San Francixco and vicinity— Rain Monday; fresh to brisk
southerly wind. : G. H. WILLSOX,
Local Forecast Official.
FORECASTER SURE OP MORE RAIN.
PICTURE-STORY OF WILLIAM" J.- GALLAGHER' 8 RISE AND FALL
TO THE TOP OF LOVERS' LEAP AND THENCE TO THE POOL BE
NEATH—WHILE DISPLAYING HIS ABILITY AS A FISHERMAN.
If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr. Shoop, Racine,
Wls.,box 137, for six bottles Dr. Shoop' s Restora
tive. Exp.paid. Bend no money. PayJ5.5Q If cure**
A Month's Test Free.
sue $SO,000 in bonds ¦ ' to build sewers
through every street. It will - be the
liveliest election in the history of the
town. The opposition is strong. If the
proposition carries It will raise taxes 60
cents per hundred dollars per annum,
and require j forty years to pay off the
indebtedness. Nine- tenths of the people
here favor public improvements, but ob
ject to the JS0.000 sewer proposition be
cause, they think, it- is too far reaching
in its Bcope.
Lively . Contest Ekpeeted To-Day
"When the Bond Issue ' Election '
Is the Question.
VISALIA,' April 28.— Tomorrow the
people will vote upon a proposition to is-
VISAIilA IS TO VOTE
ON SEWER PROPOSITION
Seashore.
- MONTEREY, April" 27.— J. Lochman of
this city left here to-day for Chico to be
present as special delegate from the local
lodges of Foresters of America to the
Grand Court which convenes ln that city
to-morrow. Delegate Lochman goes
under ' instructions ; . to bring the next-
Grand Court of Foresters to Monterey,
as guests of the city and of Court Del
Monte No. 47.' Foresters of America. No
effort will be spared to secure the de
sired end.. Monterey is very enthusiastic
over the matter and will, it Is stated,
entertain the Grand Court right. royally
If it decides to meet here in 1902.
New Name for the Blanchard.
SAN DIEGO, April 23.— The old Alice
Blanchard, once .the steamer Ignacio
Mariscal, arrived in port this evening un
der the name of ! Chico. She Is ln com
mand of Captain Dearborn and is under
charter to a company which Is preparing
to make fiber from the magay plant on
the peninsula of Lower California, where
they have immense concessions. The fiber
can be used for making rope and twine
and the McCormick Harvester Company
of Chicago is said to be back of the
proposition and will take the most if not
all the product of the plant.
Grand Court Will Be Asked to Have
Its Next Session at the
MONTEREY DESIRES
GATHERING OF FORESTERS
SACRAMENTO, April 38.— "Willie Her
bert, 10 years old, was given lodging at
ths police station to-night. 'He says he
ran awav from his home in Oakland and
came hero with an older boy, who said he
could get. work and good wages here. The
older boy robbed him last night of $3 50
and decamped. Young Herbert says his
mother lives at Third and Jefferson
streets, Oakland. ¦ . , . . • ¦
Runaway Child Quickly Stranded.
SEATTLE, April 28.— William Mitchell
and P, J. Dineen, two Pacific Coast pio
neers, died in Seattle last night, pneu
monia being the cause of death in each
case. Mitchell was 58 years old. a native
of England, and for many years received
an allowance from his relatives. At the
time of his death he was in needy cir
cumstances. He had made and spent sev
eral fortunes. He leaves a son in San
Francisco. Dineen was 60 years old, and
a native of Ireland. He lived in San
Francisco for many years. He leaves
six sisters in San Francisco.
Pioneers IMe in Washington.
•VICTORIA, B. a, April 28.— H. M. S.
Condor, , whose arrival naval authorities
have been looking for for two w«eks past,
reached quarantine to-night. It is report
ed that there is yellow fever on board, but
as she has not yet communicated with
the shore the report cannot be verified.
Condor at Victoria Has Disease
on Board. : ¦
Rumor That His Majesty's Steamer
FEAR YEILOW FEVEE
MAY BE ON WAF.SHIP
lhe stage effects are to be most elab
orate. In one act the curtain rises utjon
a. scene on the Plains of Bethlehem, with
Xl i/ °V h0 »S? 1 y Natlv "y sleeping on
the side of a hill in a dim distance. A
bright moon illumines the sky for a few
moments, sinks behind the hill, a pale
blue light suffuses the stage and a hun-
d S e 4 r 5. twln ' de ln th e sky. The Star
of Bethlehem then appears above a tiny
cottage in the far distance and shines
with startling radiance, proclaiming to
the world the birth of the Savior. This
is. only one of the pretty effects of the
scenic artist and electrician in one of the
ten scenes of the passion play.
There are thirty or more characters in
the cast and to add strength to" it a num
ber of past students of the college have
been given parts in the play. Among these
are District Attorney J. H. Campbell,
who takes the character of King Herod I:
o a ,^L W1 ,^ 0Xl Peter Dunne and Michael
Griffith will play St. Peter, Herod II and
Ammon, respectively, and Clay M. Greene,
the author, will enact the part of Dathi
an, who Is the tempter of Judas in the be
trayal of the. Master.
When Mr. Greene was reauested by
Father Kenna to write a play for the
golden jubilee he suggested the life and
passion of Our Lord, at the same time
mentioning the Jarge expense that would
be incurred in presenting such a • play.
Father Kenna, however, was struck at
once by the majesty of the subject. • the
promise of a splendid spectacle and tha
object lesson it would be. The cost of pro
duction will exceed $2500.
The play will be presented for the first
time on Friday evening, May 31. At llrst
it was only the intention to present It
once, but the unusual demand for seats
has changed this and the play will be
given a number of times. Those who have
seen parts of the play declare It will rival
the great passion play of Oberammergau.
?f , lt +1 ? tt 1 ra i cts iI the a «ention they predict
it is the intention of the Fathers to present
it periodically and thus attract the faith
ful of the United States to Santa Clara
Valley to this passion play Instead of
their crossing' the ocean to Oberammer
gau.
SAN JOSE, April 28.— The preparations
being made at Santa Clara College for
the production of "Nazareth," the sacred
drama written by Clay M. Greene, the
well-known playwright, as a contribution
to the golden jubilee of his Alma Mater,
are extensive and complete and It Is no
exaggeration to state that in point of dig
nity, grandeur and pictorial accuracy no
production yet seen in California wfil out
rival the efforts how being made by the
Jesuit Fathers. At the college carpen
ters and painters have been at work on
the staging of the play for several months
and rehearsals have been going on under
Mr. Greene for about the same time.
Elaborate Jubilee Prepa
rations at Santa
Clara.
SCENIC BEAUTY
FOR THE DRAMA
SALT LAKE, April 28.— Harry Finkel
stein, or Harry Stone, as he was generally
known, who was arrested in Washington
to-day for creating a disturbance at the
White House, is -well known here, his
mother being a resident of this city. As
a result of an accident which occurred
some years ago Finkelstein has at times
been mentally irresponsible. While m
Ogden last year he became violently in
sane and attempted to kill two or three
men. He was arrested and sent to the
State Insane Asylum, but was released
last month.
¦Was Once in an Asylum.
Harry Corbett, the well-known sporting
man, when shown the foregoing dispatch
last night, said: i • -- . "
"Stone is very well known here under
the nickname of 'Meathouse.' He was
clerk for George Rose, the bookmaker, for
several seasons. Finkelstein Is his proper
name, and he Is from Butte, Mont. His
foiKs, I believe, are in business there. He
has a wife here. She kept a lodging-house
.on Powell street at one time." ,
He has a number of letters of recom
mendation from well-known sporting men
in San F) ancisco and Denver, recommend
ing him under the name of Harry Stone.
This name he assumed, he says, because
ot tamily troubles.
V. ASHINGTON, April 28.— Harry Flnk
elstein, a well-dressed man about 34 years
old, who says his home is in Cleveland,
is locked up at a police station here on
suspicion of being insane. Finkelstein
went to the vicinity of the White House
this morning and said he wanted to see
the President on urgent business of a pri
vate nature. He became rather excited
when refused admission and was then ar
rested.
Supposed Crazy Man Is
Arrested at the White
House.
TRIES TO SEE
THE PRESIDENT
. WOODLAND, April 23. — A gentle
shower that fell to-day will be of great
benefit to the growing crop*. .. ;%:,.;
ttls section of the State. The farmers
have a great deal of hay cut and a rain
would probably damage it somewhat, but
would benefit the late sown grain.
CHICO. April 28.— Rain began falling at
5 o'clock this mornning, continuing stead
ily throughout the day. Up to 3 o'clock
1.67 inches had fallen. The downpour is
a most welcome one, as all varieties of
vegetation were much in need of rain.'
The storm is general throughout this sec
tion and the farmers and stock raisers
are jubilant. -- .
Monterey.
SALINAS, April 28.— There was a light
rain this morning. The weather has been
threatening all day, and there is every
indication of a heavy downpour to
night. Rain is very much needed in this
county. . - - ¦¦
Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE, April 28.— Gentle showers
¦which began late this afternoon turned to
heavy rain by 10 6'clock and at midnight
it is pouring. _
SEATTLE, April 28.— Frank Oleson,
cashier of the defunct Scandinavian-
American Bank of Whatcom, Wash., was
arrested in this city to-day by Sheriff
Cudihee on a warrant charging him with
receiving deposits when he knew that the
bank was insolvent. J. S. Stangroom,
assistant cashier, was arrested in What
com last night. H. St. John Dix, the
president of the institution, is said to be
in London trying to raise funds to help
out the bank, but this has not prevented
Receiver Robert Muir from swearing out
a warrant for his arresj on a charge sim
ilar to that on which the cashier and as
sistant cashier have been taken into cus
tody.
Dix has proven himself a financier of
the Napoleonic order. He appeared in
Seattle two or three years ago as an ad
vertising solicitor. Going to Whatcom he
did some work of a booming order, and
then loomed upon the horizon as a full
fledged bank president. He represented
himself as the recipient of a good sum
of money from English sources.
That there was some basis for his claim,
even if it were exaggerated, seems to be
sustained by the discovery of some costly
oil paintings in New York City which he
owns, or did own once upon a time.
These paintings were supposed to be
worth In the neighborhood of $25,000. One
is a Murillo, and ought to bring $8000. The
trouble in this connection comes from a
report that the title is not clear.
If reports are true. Dix, by his astound
ing cleverness, succeedeu in borrowing all
the deposits of the bank and a good slice
of its capital. The sum is estim&ted in
round figures to be $25,000. The arrest of
Oleson and Stangroom is a great surprise.
Oleson has always stood very high in
Seattle, and people are inclined to believe
his statement that he has done nothing
criminal. Oleson says that he is' loth to
believe that Dix has done anything wrong.
Receiver Muir. however, has been in
charge of the bank long enough to look
well into the condition of affairs, and his
opinion is that there is plenty of work
for the courts In straightening out ;the
tangle. . • ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Receiver of Whatcom
Institution Secures
Warrant.
BANK CASHIER
TAKEN TO JAIL
to-r|-^HE hearts of the orchardists and
I farmers of the State are glad, for
I Jupiter Pluvious is showering his
JJL gifts with bounteous hand and is
likely to do so for the next twen
ty-four hours. An area of depression that
formed in the latter part of Saturday
brought welcome rain in its path, and
from the boundary line of Washington
and British Columbia to Stockton in the
south the coast was the recipient yester
day of much-needed moisture.
The storm was reported to be sweeping
inland last night, and Forecaster Willson
of the Weather Bureau stated that there
was every indication of the rain extend
ing through the entire San Joaquin Val
ley as far as the Tehachapi Mountains.
At no time during the season was rain
mere needed than at present. The fruit
and cereals are sadly in want of moisture,
and unless copious showers ensue In the
next two weeks vast damage will be done
to the crocs.
For the twentv-four hours ending at o
p. tn yesterday Red Bluff had received
M cf an inch of rain; San Francisco was
wet with .16 of an inch in the same time;
fcacramento and its vicinity rejoiced with
iO of an inch, and Eureka was gladdened
with .70 of an inch. The northern coast
of California was benefited by a heavy
lain last night, and though the barometer
was rising it was thought to be but a
temporary movement and that the rain
will continue.' Rain was reported last
evening from Stockton, and at Fresno
and other Sun Joaquin Valley points the
weather was cloudy, with every prospect
Forecaster Willson of the Weather Bu
reau said last niffht:
"This storm started In the northwest
and is sweeping inland. It will continue
lor the next twenty-four hours, and in its
fweep will cover the State as far as the
Tehachapi Mountains. The entire San,
Joaquin Valley should receive rain by to
morrow. I do not think that the southern
portion of the State will benefit by the
Ftorm. though it was reported to be
cloudy in Los Angeles. The wires are
down between Point Reyes and Mount
Tamelpais. The wind had a velocity of
twenty-four miles in San Francisco and
twenty-eight miles at Eureka. Reports
fhow hiph southeast and southerly winds
all along the coast, and storm signals
have been hoisted from San Francisco up
to the boundary line of Washington.
While the storm Is not as heavy as we
would like it to be. It will prove of enor
mous value to the fruit and grain men.
BLPORTS FROM THE COUNTIES.
in Many Farming Centers.
Showers and Storms and Sprinkles
Special dispatches received by The Call
last night from various points in the
State indicate that the storm has been
general. Following are reports of the
rainfall in counties;
Alameda.
OAKLAND. April 2S.— The long delayed
and much wished for late rain arrived
this morning. It first came In showers
and then settled down to a steady rain
that cheered the hearts of the agricultur
ists In the interior cf Alameda County.
While a little late, the amount of dam
age that will be done will be small as
compared with the good. The damage
Will be exclusively to early hay. In some
sections haying was begun this week and
wherever any had been cut and is In the
fi« 1<1 there will be eome damage. But
ih«' good that will be done to the fruit
and growing crops of all kinds will be
enormous. Ae there is much fruit in
Alameda County, and as it was badly
in neod of rain, the precipitation came
just in the nick of time.
The rain will help Oakland, as the
streets were in need of sprinkling and the
city is in such a bad financial way that
«•.•«". er cannot be paid for.
liAYWARDS. April 28.— The rain will
t>p T.-orth thousands of dollars to the
farmers in this neighborhood. The
country was badly in need of rain and it
arrived just in time. A little volunteer
hay has been cut this week and will be
MERCED, April 28.— A light rain began
falling at 8 p. m. and the Indications are
that It will continue during the night
Rain would be of no particular benefit to
Merced.
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— The weather
here has been bright and clear and to
night the sky is cloudless. For three
days the blue and •white flag over the
Weather Bureau has foreboded showers,
but the showers persistently fail to ma
tt riallze.
IiOS Angeles.
SAN DIEGO, April 2S.— Rain is needed
for the late-sown grain, but would dam
age considerable hay that has been cut.
There is no indication of a storm.
San Diego.
KESWICK, April 28.— For the past
twenty-four hours all parts of Shasta
County have had a good rain and the
mountain streams are swollen. It means
a prolongation cf the season for the placer
miners and will be of great benefit to
ranching interests.
Shasta.
GERMANTOWN, April 2S.— Rain began
falling last night, and has continued
steadily all day. The conditions indi
cate a heavy" downpour to-night. The
rainfall for the season is 14.04 Inches,
against 10.97 to the same date last year.
Some hay has been damaged, but the
crop outlook is good.
Glenn.
SANTA CRUZ, April 28.— About 7 o'clock
this morning there was a light shower of
rain, the first during tne present month.
It has been threatening the entire day and
a heavy south wind has been blowing. The
indications are that there ¦will be rain be
fore morning. In all parts of the county
rain is much needed for the crops, which
are already showing the effect of the lack
of rain. • r
Santa Cruz.
SANTA ROSA, April 28.— A rainstorm
which has been general over the county
commenced this morning about 6 o'clock,
and there has been a continual downpour
ever since. Up to 5:30 o'clock this even
ing 1.41 inches of rain had fallen since
morning-. Much more water has fallen in
the northern part of the county than in
the southern portion. The country needed
rain badly, but this rain will assure a good
hay yield as well as a large crop of other
products. The general opinion through
out the county is that this rain has come
just at the right time.
Sonoma.
The rain has been badly needed for two
weeks. The wheat on both the islands
and uplands was in urgent need of moist
ure, and predictions of a general crop
failure have been frequent during the
week. The condition of the crops has had
a depressing effect on business and live
lier conditions are looked for now that
the threatened calamity has been averted.
The value of the rain to San Joaquin at
this time cannot be overestimated. Re
ports from different points in the county
show that the rain was general and of
even precipitation.
STOCKTON, April 28.— Rain began fall-
Ing here at 3 o'clock this afternoon. The
precipitation was but a sprinkle at first,
and this was followed by heavier showers.
By 6 o'clock the downfall was steady and
with every indication of a copious wetting 1
during the night.
San Joaquin.
The fierceness of the storm has some
what damaged the local telephone ser
vice and interfered with picnics sched
uled for to-day; otherwise it was just
what was wanted.
SAN RAFAEL,, April 28.— One of the
heaviest rainstorms that ever visited this
county at this season of the year com
menced here at an early hour this morn
ing:, and continued steadily all day.
Late this afternoon a heavy wind com
menced, and a regular midwinter storm
is now in progress. The rain means thou
sands of dollars to the ranchers here,
as the long dry spell had commenced to
wither the grass on the hillsides and the
grainfields were sadly in need of water.
Until this rain the farmers here were a
dejected lot. Now all is smiles, and the
county will save itself the humiliation
of having to acknowledge a dry year.
Marin.
SACRAMENTO, April 28.— It has been
raining all day in Sacramento and the
surrounding country and great is the ju
bilation over the downpour. Weather Ob
server Barwick says that the rain for the
twenty-four hours ending at 10 o'clock to
night amounts to one-half inch, which
makes the month's record .82 of an inch.
This means 17.82 inches for the season, as
against 17.56 to an equal date last year.
Observer Barwick says that the rain has
been badly needed and that it will profit
orchardists and farmers many thousands
of dollars. He does not think it will in
jure cherries or other fruits since, except
in the case of the few earlier varieties of
cherries, fruit has not advanced far
enough to be harmed. The ground had
become very dry and the rain will have
the effect of prolonging green feed.
In all respects the rain, which appears
of a general character, has done good. It
will be most beneficial to grain, in which
the upper Sacramento River section
abounds, and great crops are looked for.
Locally, the citizens are delighted with
the rainfall, since it gives promise of a
clear week for the street fair which opens
May 6th, while it will insure a wealth of
beautiful flowers for the approaching flo
ral pageant.
Sacramento.
damaged, but the amount of good done
will more than offset that loss.
Gallagher's Slide.
Then an unfortunate thing occurred. The
Mr. Gallaghef-was elated. He had made
the biggest catch of the day. At once he
decided to avenge himself by arousing the
envy of his companions, who had been
vaunting their superior prowess with rod
and line. They were still some distance
up the creek, so he hit upon the idea of
climbing to the top of Lovers' Leap and
from that elevation catching the fish over
again in the view of the party.
Laboriously the San Franciscan ascend
ed to the top of the rock. Th'en he let
the fish down into the pool beneath and
waited till his companions neared him.
Suddenly he appeared to bet a "bite,"
and, standing at the edge of the rock, he
enacted the pantomime of a man strug
gling to land a monster fish. Just as the
others neared the bridge he gave a mighty
throw and the steelhead leaped out of the
water before their astonished eyes.
top of the rock is slippery and the footing
treacherous. In exerting himself to land
the fish Mr. Gallagher slipped and sat
down so violently as to almost dislodge
the rock. Bounding upward and outward,
he shot down to the water, twenty-five
feet below, striking- with a tremendous
splash.
The fisherman was somewhat stunned by
his contact with the water and, had not
the rest of the party been near, it would
have fared ill with him. They hastened to
his assistance and aided him to emerge
from the pool, spouting water like an ele
phant. He was given an- arm on either
side • and - escorted up to the hotel, the
ascent being difficult because of the
weight of his water-soaked apparel. After
a warming-up draught or two "Billy" was
none the worse for his experience, barring
a general soreness. The fish was cap
tured and the coal merchant took it back
with him to San Francisco, to be placed
on exhibition in his Hayes-street office.
c^HE GEYSERS, April 28.— As the
I scene of a tragedy immortalized in
I a romantic legend handed down
H from generation to generation by
the aboriginal dwellers of these
mountains, Lovers' Leap, a rock jutting
out over a deep pool at the entrance to
Devils Canyon, has for years been an ob
ject of interest to tourists. Now the name
of the great rock has been changed to
Gallagher's Plunge, and hereafter a genial
San Franciscan will share the fame of the
dusky Lothario and his sweetheart, who
leaped to their death into the waters of
the pool rather than be separated in this
life. Back of i he' change in name there is
a story that nas its element of pain and
pathos, though those who tell it, are dis
posed to chuckle irreverently over the
misfortune of their l'ellow-man. t
William J. Gallagher is a coal merchant
of the Bay City, who, when in training
makes the scales groan under 275 pounds
avordupois and good nature. For sev
eral weeks "Billy" has been one of a fish
ing party that has been making some fab
ulous catches in the mountain streams
hereabouts. During one of the piscatorial
excursions a couple of days ago the
Hayes-street Mark Hanna lacked the luck
of his companions and was subjected to
much good-natured chaffing as the party
was returning to the Geysers Hotel, his
basket almost empty and theirs bulging
with trout. Finally tiring of their taunts,
"Billy" strolled on ahead of the others un
til, reaching the bridge that spans the
creek at the entrance to the canyon, he
halted to rest and await their coming. •
Hooks the Salmon.
Casting his line idly Into the water, he
suddenly felt a tug that almost yanked
him off the bridge. For some minutes he
struggled with the "bite" and finally suc
ceeded in bringing above the water an
eight-pound steelhead salmon — one of a
kind that frequently work their way even
to this height up mountain streams.
NEW YORK, April 23.— James Douglas
Reid, x known to telegraphers as "the
father "of the telegraph," died to-day at
his home in this city. He was born in
Edinburgh, Scotland, March 22, 1S09, find
came to America in 1S34. He entered tel
egraphy in 1S45, when he assisted in the
organization of the Atlantic and Ohio Tel
egraph Company for the construction of
a series of lines connecting Philadelphia,
Pittsburgh Buffalo, Detroit. Cincinnati. St.
Liouis and New Orleans, the most exten
sive service projected at that time. Be
coming acauainted with Professor S. F.
B. Morse a mutual attachment sprang up
between them, which led to Mr. Reid's
appointment a3 superintendent of the
Magnetic Telegraph Company, a line ex
tending from New York to Washington,
at the same time retaining his connection
with the Atlantic and Ohio Company. Ha
entered the service of the Western Union
Telegraph Company in 1S50, where he re
mained until 1S89, when he was appointed
United States Consul to Dunfermlie, Soot
land, through the influence of Andrew
Carnegie, who as a boy had served as
messenger and telegraph operator under
Mr. Reid at Pittsburg. He relinquished
this office in 1897.
Known Over the Coun
try as Father of the
Telegraph.
DEATH CLAIMS
JAMES D. REID
WASHINGTQN, April 2^— The detect
ives engaged in working on the Willie
McCormick kidnapping case continued
their investigations to-day. Several feat
ures have developed which are regarded
as possibly significant. In addition to the
slip of paper bearing the name "Ger
trude," the detectives believe they have
another article which will emphasize the
chance of the original clew. A pen which
was given to Photographer Kenthy on
Friday, a week ago, by one of the gypsy
girls under arrest at that time, and
which she says was wrapped in the paper
when she found it in the horse bazaar,
was turned over to the police to-night,
who sent it with ( the slip of paper con
dor some reason Chief Detective Titus
telegraphed an order to send the slip of
paper back. It is suggested that he may
have done this to let the teacher who in
structed Gertrude McCormick at school
have a chance to identify the writing
which the little girl herself already
has identified. A tracing was made of the
writing on the slip of paper in New York
when ft was sent there flrat by Photogra
pher Kenthy, and it is said that Gertrude a
teacher almost positively identified the
figures on the reverse side as a portion
of an arithmetic example which she gave
th i e t C was d rented to-night that another
SS SW d^t^fves^wte S
have some relation to the case. This was
to the effect that late Friday night, while
the two gypsy girls were at the House
of Detention, an uncle of theirs went to
a telegraph office and sent a long dis
patch to some point in New Jersey. The
iypsy waited two hours for a reply and
5. boy who saw the answer is said to have
told the detective that it read: ''Impos
sible You must wait awhile." What the
question aaked in the dispatch is now wor
rying the detectives.
ing Investigation.
Progress of tlie McConnick Kidnap-
County Attorney Shields will be guided
by this view and Callahan'a liberty is
practically assured.
¦ •• • ' »
DETECTIVES FEND NEW CLEWS.
OMAHA, April 28.— James Callahan was
declared not guilty to-day of complicity in
the kidnaping of Edward Cudahy Jr.. the
verdict being reached shortly after 9
o'clock this morning. The Judge had evi
dently been expecting another verdict and
was openly disappointed.
"It Is impossible for me to understand,
he said, "how twelve intelligent men could
have agreed upon such a verdict after
listening to the testimony. The defendant
could not have chosen more wisely if he
had been selecting his own representatives
and the community could not have made
a more unsatisfactory selection. This jury
is discharged without the compliments of
the court."
Callahan's attorneys were not present,
and the defendant expressed a desire to
thank the jurors in his own behalf. This
the court refused to permit. He said the
jury did not deserve any thanks.
Two other counts still hang against Cal
lahan. He was at once rearrested under
these There is doubt, however, whether
the State will be able to bring the cases
to trial. .-. ,
Chief of Police Donahue announces that
the $50,000 offered for the apprehension of
Patrick Crowe will be withdrawn. He says
it ia one thing to arrest the culprit and
another to convict him. The reward of
$50 000 offered Jointly by both the city and
Edward Cudahy, however, will remain in
As far as could be ascertained there was
at no time serious difference in the opin
ions as to Callahan's innocence among the
jury. Three were inclined to favor a ver
dict of guilty, but were soon convinced by
their colleagues that a reasonable doubt
existed.
General Cowin, leading the prosecution,
says that Callahan probably will be re
leased in the morning. The other charges
against him— grand larceny and false im
prisonment—are virtually synonymous.
The State would be obliged to depend up
on the same evidence as that which ha3
already been brought out and there is
doubt in any event whether Callahan
could be tried again on a charge so close
ly akin to that on which he has been de
clared innocent.
Declares' the Cudahy
Kidnaping Suspect
Innocent.
JURY'S VERDICT
FREES GALLAHAN
PORT TOWNSEXD, Wash.. April
28.— Death and desolation at Sun
rise City, Alaska, caused by a
snowslide. is the report ' brought
from the north by the Steamship
Senator, arriving to-day. Details are mea
ger, but it is known that twenty, if not
more, lives were lost.
The disaster occurred April 12 early
in the morning and a number of houses
at the base of the mountain were crushed
and ground Into splinters by an immense
mass of snow and Ice. Many more lives
would have been lost had it not been for
the fact that just previous to the slide the
people were aroused by several shocks of
earthquake, which were so severe that
many of the occupants of the destroyed
houses were prepared. When they heard
the roaring and rumbling of the avalanche
as it came crashing down the mountain
they fled for their lives and many reached
places of safety. Those who escaped the
avalanche are practically destitute, hav
ing no food, clothing or shelter.
The ruined portion of Sunrise Cltr 1*
situated on a fiat at the base of the
mountain, but In a place where no. fears
of a slide were entertained. The unusu
ally heavy snowfall and the earthquako
shock is thought to have been responsible
for the disaster. x
News of the disaster reached Valdes by
a mall carrier wha left Sunrise City short
ly after the occurrence and reached Val
des just before the mail steamer sailed
from that place for Juneau. The names of
the victims had not been learned. Rescu
ing parties from the main portion of the
town ¦were at work ¦when the mall carrier
!ef c, but were making little or no progress,
as the ground on which the buildings
stood ¦whs covered with from twenty to
sixty feet of snow. Ice, rocks and timbers
which came down with the slide. It will
be some days before the exact number
and names of the dead can be ascertained,
as the occupants of the houses were con
stantly going to or coming from some re
ported strike.
ALASKAN AVALANCHE
CRUSHES OUT LIVES
— •
Death -and Desolation at Sunrise City the
Result of a Snowslide That Wrecked the
Homes of the Unfortunate Gold Hunters
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAIN FR A IS CISCO CALL,, MOISDAY, ArRIL 29, \19O1 .
Being the Tale of a Disaster Overtaking a San Francisco Coal Mer
chant While Depopulating Sonoma's Mountain Trout Streams
and Arousing the Spirit of Envy in His Fellow-Fishermen
Downpour in Many of the Counties of
the State Promises to Be of Great
Advantage to the Crops and Orchards
FARMERS REJOICE
OVER GOODLY RAIN
GALLAGHER'S HIGH DIVE TO FAME;
OR, THE PLUNGE FROM LOVERS' LEAP
2
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
TfNrnii&TFiL
#i/Fu UJLiJV !**€%
ItADWAI'S HEADS KKI.lKJb* haa stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years a* «
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colda, Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache, Tootache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. Aliimgyt— -
The herbs of this wonderful remedy act directly
on the kidneys and correct any disorders o!
those vital organs quicker than any other
remedy.
A 1 00 -Pace Book of Stories and n.^v
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free ~t*jL£~»-
with every 25-cent package. SJiSsJEjii*
ALL DRUGGISTS. wli»Ja?
DR. MEYERS & CO,
Specialists. ' Dis-
ease and Weakness
of men. Estab-
lished IS&L Consul-
tation and private
book free, at office
or by mall. Cures
guaranteed. 731
Market street (ele-
vator entrance).
San Francisco.
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
$ <£D 155l^22irS?.to.6i4»,S.r.W.
\ <^T e l-^'S" 1 Anatomical Museum in the
0} world. vVcAKncsscs ot Jui y ronencten
" K9s5v disease p«»m»«ly iar«<l ny the oldest
0 fjgt gal Specialist on the Coast. Esc 36 yean.
SJSf? A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
Wvj£*£%a| Comultitioa free and strictly prirate.
I lyZJfn TrMtment personally or by letter. A
¦ Gr IS H /"wiShi« Cure m =Tery case undertaken.
WIT (I A Write (or B«ok, PBILevorn Y *f
I P MtnlUAGK. MAILED FKEE. (A
\ n M valuable book for dk>d)
T DB. JOBDAN & CO., 1031 Marfeet St..S. F.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP* 8 PILL3
have been ln use over fifty
years by the leaders ot th«
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure ! th»
worst cases ln old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Ume Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. UnHtness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, pmm Verlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stops Ne *5 %J rfou% Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects?^. ArLa r • Immediate.
Impart vigror and CElwTS potenC y to eve ry
function. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for ?2 50 by mall. A written guarantee
?o cure or money refunded with 8 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY C<v,
40 Ellis St.. Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third St.
Are you one of those Kidney Crip-
ples with a weak back ? Can't stand
up erect without those sharp pains in
small of the back. Waken up in the
night with distress in the kidneys,
which makes you restless and unable
to sleep well. You are in danger of
Bright's Disease and should correct
the trouble at once with
J
/¦A& % K makes you forget
w
n y(W^j?ia5Sc5 or\ the nose.
Av^in fact it is so restful you
"will often forget that you have
glasses on. ff> It insures
perfect eyeglass comfort.
Prices. nictel.5O<-. gold plated. 75*;
gold. *1.2?. Ourcptical department is
thorougniy up-to-date AH glasses
fitted scientifically from *la? up
M/tme of Cameras 9/nf suppf/es
Msi! Orders given h/itlL
proxptjtte/ition C /rtJ(f$c!%F'^
r^r®/'- - r = s *^Z~flimo ST.Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 28.— The
election cf Miss Edith Tufts as
May Queen gives general satis
faction and she has been show-
ered with compliments because of
the honor bestowed upon her. Miss Tufts
will at once give her attention to th© mat
ter of her wardrobe, the demands of tho
QUEEN OF THE FESTIVAL TO BE HELD AT SACRAMENTO NEXT
MONTH AND ONE OF THE CHAHMING LASSES "WHO WILL. ACT
AS MAIDS OF HONOR.
DEATH REAPS HARVEST
DURIWG CONFLAGRATION
Family of Five Perishes in Blaze
Supposedly Started hy a
Negro.
HOUSTON, Tex., April 2S.— In a fire
which destroyed a livery stable and three
residences this morning five persons were
burned to death and several others were
injured. The dead:
JOB CORPPING, a florist, his wife and
three children.
A negro has been arrested on the charge
of having started the fire to get revenge
on his employer for having discharged
him. In the ruins were found the bodies
of the victims, among them being an in
fant which had been born to Mrs. Ccrp
ping during the progress of the fire.
The fire started in a livery stable over
which several families lived. The build
ing, a mere shell, was a mass of flames
when the firemen arrived. Mr. and Mrs.
Jeff Hopper were cut off from escape
by the stairs and jumped, Mr. Hopper's
leg being fractured and Mrs. Hopper
receiving internal injuries.
LATROBE, Pa., April 2S.— To-night the
entire tipple, engine house and Toiler
house of the Dorothy Coal and Coke p.ant
of the American Steel and Wire Com
pany is a smouldering mass of ruins,
and it is supposed that either four or six
miners have lost their lives. The loss is
estimated at $150,000. fully Insured.
Two persons are known to be Injured.
They are Superintendent Rogers, suffo
cated while endeavoring: to rescue en
tombed miners; William Gill, suffocated
while assisting Superintendent Rogers in
the work of rescue.
Five miners were known to have been
in the mine who knew nothing of the
fire until twelve men descended in the
shaft and told them. They were rescued,
but there are rumors to-night that six
more were In the mine at the time. The
fire will throw more than 400 miners out
of work.
USES HEROIC MEASURES
TO BEFOBM EEB HUSBAND
An Irata "Wife Calcimines Her Spouse
and a Saloon Man Who Sold
Him Liquor.
CINCINNATI, April 23.— Mrs. Richard
Crater, the wife of a house painter, being
unable to keep her husband from a saloon
on Ludlow avenue, went to the place to
day with one of his calcimine buckets and
a whitewash brush. She calcimined him
from head to foot in the saloon. He re
turned to the saloon after he had accom
panied her home and changed his cloth
ing. She followed him again and the next
time calcimined the saloonkeeper and his
bar fixtures and gave notice that she
would repeat the performance to any one
selling liquor tb her husband.
GRASS VALLEY, April 27.— Mrs.
Elizabeth Conway who came, here in 1S50
from Baltimore, Md., died at midnight.
She was the widow of C. Conway. who
built the first quartz mill In California.
She was 88 years old.
Pioneer Woman Is Dead.
An event on the opening day, next
Wednesday, will be the flight of 5000 car
rier pigeons carrying the news of tho
opening of the exposition.
BUFFALO, N. Y., April 2S.— To-day 'a
attendance at the Pan-American Exposi
tion was very large. Fully 30.000 persons
passed through the gates, about 75 per
cent of them paying for admission. Al
though the exposition Is still far from
complete, every one seemed satisfied ¦with
what there ¦was to see. m
The managers of the exposition had
been working for a unique distinction—
that of having all things in readiness for
tho opening day — and had It not been for
the etorm their hopes would ha^e- no
doubt been fulfilled. As it is, the "sand,
paper" finish the management has striven
for cannot be accomplished by May 1.
Mayday.
Being Able to Finish. "Work by-
Management Is Disappointed at Not
MANY THOUSANDS VISIT
BUFFALO EXPOSITION
At 10:30 p. m. the rescuers were near
William Shane, who was pinioned by the
foot with a dead man underneath him. Ho
was scarcely able to talk. His arm is
broken and it is feared that he my lose
his mind. He was removed at 11 o'clock
after an imprisonment of sixty hours and
fifty minutes.
m
The faint taps on the Iron rails durlnjr
the night were signals made by William
Shane and George Feaster. A large stone
bowlder had Feaster pinioned by the foot,
in which position he had remained fcr a
day. He was so firmly wedg-ed that it
seems that a supporting timber wo'.ild
have to be moved to let him up. This
would precipitate the roof on all and
could not be considered. Enough of the
timber was chipped off, however, to save
film.
AURORA, Mo.. April 28.— Light, life and
air broke in at 2 o'clock this morning
upon the five entombed miners In the
Rosebud mine. I Two were rescued alive,
one was found dead and the other two
are supposed to be lifeless. Grant Shard
was. mangled by falling rocks and earth
and died Instantly.
Two Are Found Alive, One Dead and
Two Others Beyond All
ENTOMBED MINERS
REACHED BY RESCUERS
In submitting Its recommendations for a
naval increase to Secretary Long next fall
there is reason to believe the General
Board will point out the necessity" of ob
taining authority from Congress for th«
construction of a sufficient number of
ships to enable the United States to prop
erly uphold the Monroe doctrine.
In failing to authorize the Immediate
construction of two battleships and two
armored cruisers. Admiral Dewey be
lieves, the officer who discussed the mat
ter said, that Congress has made a great
mistake. The designs for these ships are
being prepared by the Board of Construc
tion, and, as it will then regard four ships
as sufficient, the navy will suffer a distinct
loss in construction, besides experiencing
a delay in securing the addition of more
armorclads to its material.
To counteract the preponderating force
Germany would possess in that time the
General Board believes that it would be
highly advisable for the United States to
adopt a programme which would give this
country a sufficiently large fleet to cope
with that of a continental European
power.
Germany has been expediting the con
struction of her fleet, and. as recently
stated in The Call, the authorities here
understood that it would be completed
within five years.
CALL BUREAU, 1405 G STREET, N.
W. f WASHINGTON, April 28.— There Is a
strong feeling of apprehension in high
naval circles that the prediction of the
Saturday Review of London yesterday, that
the struggle for the preservation of the
Monroe doctrine would be precipitated by
Germany, will be realized as soon as the
German naval programme has been com
pleted.
A high naval officer, who is acquainted
with the' views of Admiral Dewey and
other members of the General Board, re
called to-day the prediction made by the
admiral while at Trieste, that America's
next war would be with Germany, and
it would not be of her seeking. The ad
miral and those who have closely studied
the policy of the German Emperor are
confident that unless there is some radical
change in the attitude of that European
sovereign, either the United States must
abandon the Monroe doctrine or must take
measures for preserving it.
The navy does not want war with Ger
many and it believes it can be averted.
The way to avoid trouble, the officer who
discussed the matter today, said, was to
make such preparations that Germany
would be deterred from assuming a hos
tile attitude.
It has been evident for some time that
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Admiral Dewey Believes Congress Errs in
Not* Increasing the Navy to Meet Pos
sible Attack on the Monroe Doctrine
POLICY OF GERMANY
MAY LEAD TO CLASH
SEATTLE, Wash.,. April 28.— H. B. Dar
nell of Oil City, Pa.; was found dead in
his room at the Pen-In House this aft
ernoon. He had blown out his brains
with' a revolver. 'As near as can be as
certained the suicide took place last Sat
urday afternoon. From a letter found in
the room, it would appear that Darnell
was in destitute circumstances.
Found Dead, in His Room.
IOWA'S PREPARATIONS
FOR GREETING CONGER
Gubernatorial Boom of the Minister
to China Now Fairly
Launched.
OMAHA, April 28.— A hero's reception
awaits Major Edwin H. . Conger on
Wednesday morning as he steps upon
the soil of his home State at Council
Bluffs. John N. Baldwin, Ernest E. Hart,
Dr. Donald . McCrae Jr. and John Stew
art, prominent townsmen, are acting as
an escort to Mr. Conger from. Ogden,
and the plans for his reception are com
plete at the Iowa line.
The toast programme includes the
names of Governor Shaw, Senator Dol
liver, A. B. Cummins, Mayor Jennings
and others. Mr. Conger will respond to
the toast "Our Guest." The invocation
will be by Rev. James Sims, whose son
in-law,-W. E. Bainbridge, is secretary to
the legation at Peking.
Major Conger has made no announce
ment of his Intentions as to the guber
natorial ' candidacy, r but his friends in
Iowa are relying upon the popular enthu
siasm' to give him the status of a lead
ing candidate. If the reception is as cor
dial as is expected he will be asked to
assume the Republican, leadership in his
State. ¦ ,r
Special • - trains will come from Des
Moines, and thousands will escort Mr.
Conger to the capital when the exercises
at Council Bluffs are completed.
Elect New Officers for Ensuing Year
and Make Some Changes in
Constitution.
INDIANAPOLIS, Apil 28.— The fifteenth
annual convention of the Theosophlcal So
city of America was held at the English
Hotel to-day. Delegates were present
from twenty-two branch societies through
out the different States. A new constitu
tion was adopted and the following offi
cers were elected for the ensuing year:
Secretary, T. P. Hyatt, New York; treas
urer, A. H. Spencer, New York; executive
committee— Dr. J. D. Buck, Cincinnati;
Dr. A. P. Buckham, Fort Wayne; J. A.
Clark. Washington; Dr. Bunker, Brook
lyn- Major General 'William Ludlow, U. S.
A., now in the Philippines; M. H. Phelps,
New York, and J. D. Bond. Fort Wayne.
The constitution adopted to-day differs
from the old one In that it places the ad
ministration of the affairs of the society
between conventions in an executive com
mittee of seven members, to be elected at
the annual convention. It also declares
that any person declaring his sympathy
with the objects of the society and agree
ing to abide by the constitution shall be
granted a certificate of membership.
The constitution provides that the ex
penses of the society shall be met by vol
untary contributions and that complete
tolerance and freedom of action and be
lief shall be granted to each member or
branch, but that they shall not. have
power to involve the society in any re
ligious, political or social dogma.
THEOSOPHISTS ASSEMBLE
IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
Island of New Britain to
Aveng* Crime.
SYDNEY, N. S. "W.. April 2S.-Herr
Mercke, a German millionaire who - was
cruising In his yacht, and Herr Caro, his
private secretary, were recently murdered
by natives of the Island of New Britain,
off the northeast coast of Papua. Herr
Caro's body was eaten.
BERLIN, April 28.— Emperor "William
has ordered Captain Passchew of the Ger
man second class cruiser Hansa to com
mand a punitive expedition from China to
avenge the murder of Herr Mercke.
Raxnpolla Still a Cardinal.
ROME, April 28.— The Italia denies the
assertion made yesterday by the Patria
that Cardinal Rampolla has resigned.
Napa.
NAPA, April 28.— A splendid rain has
been falling since 8 o'clock this morning.
It is greatly needed.
Emperor William Orders a Cruiser to
GERMAN MILLIONAIRE IS
MURDERED BY NATIVES
ALGIERS, April 29.— It now develops
that the. revolt at Marguerita was pro
voked by Hadji Denaissa, a Marlbout,
who had preached the extermination of
foreigners. Many of the inhabitants owed
their safety to simulated conversion to
Islamism.
Sixty Arab rebel prisoners have been
brought here, but no chiefs have yet
been captured.
The Mayor of Marengs has appealed
for troops, reporting that armed bands
of Arabs are descending: upon the town,
but the Government believes they are
only flying from the pursuit of the troops
at Marguerita.
?
in Pursuit.
Rebel Chief s Have Thus Fax Evaded
Arrest and the Troops Are
REVOLT AT JIARGTJEBITA
IS DUE TO A PREACHES
Result of Vote Taken by Federation
in All the Coal Basins Is Not
Tet Known.
PARIS, April 2S.— A referendum directed
by the French Miners' Federation was
held in all the coal basins to?day, in ac
cordance with the decision of the recent
congress of miners, the question being
whether a general strike should be de
clared in support of the miners' strike at
Monteceau-les-Mines. The final result will
not be made known until Monday evening.
Partial returns received this evening seem
to favor a general strike, but the largest
returns which will be received to-morrow
are expected to be adverse..
»
Acquitted of Murder.
MUKTCIE. Ind.. April 28.— The jury to
day returned a verdict of not guilty in the
case of Dr. Garrett Leech, charged wiux
killing Mary Farwie of Richmond by a
criminal operation performed at the insti
gation of John Diehl of Anderson, who is
•iow in State prison.
»
Natives Attack Officials.
CAECUTTA, April 28.— The officials en
gaged in combating the bubonic plague
were assaulted here to-day by natives
while disinfecting. Several arrests were
made.
FBENCH MINERS' STEIKE
IS FAR FROM SETTLED
Assistance.
PARIS. April 2S.— The French League
of the Rights of Man has received a let
ter from the Ottoman Liberal Committee
in Constantinople appealing to the league
to take up the propaganda for the re
lease of former Sultan Mourad, who was
deposed August 31, 1876, on the ground of
ill health and mental incapacity. The com
munication proceeds in part as follows:
The deposed Sultan Is undergoing a martyr
dom In prison at Tchirag-an more cruel than
the sufferings of the victim of Devils Island.
He was Imprisoned on the pretext of madness.
He has not seen a human face except that of
hie jailer for twenty-live years, nor a letter,
newspaper or book. He Is not allowed to
leave his rooms and Is thus burled in a liv
ing Brave.
The committee urges that if he is really
deranged he should be treated sclentiflcal
* Senator Trarleux, president of the
league, who was very active in the ag
itation that resulted in the release of
Dreyfus, has replied, assuring the Otto
man Liberal Committee of the sympathy
of the Iea*rue and suggesting^ an appeal
to *ae Turkish Government.
Ottoman Liberal Committee Appeals
for th* French League's
SEEKS THE RELEASE OF
FORMER SULTAN MOURAD
WASHINGTON, April 28.— The quarter
master's department of the army has di
rected Major Hyde, quartermaster at
Nagasaki, to make every effort to prd
cure better coal for the transports which
coal at that place. The necessity of coal
ing at Nagasaki became apparent as soon
as- the United States took control at Ma
nila. It is true that coaling could be done
from collier, in Manila Bay, but for only
six months In the year. For the remain
der of the time it is impossible to get a
ship and collier together with safety. Ar
rangements are made now to coal In San
Francisco and Nagasaki and no oftener
in Manila than necessary. Major Kyde
has been instructed to ascertain which is
the best coal to be found in Japan and to
contract for a continuous supply for the
transports. The Japanese coal is not the
best, but it Is found to be the most econ
omical that can be used. It costs about
$4 per ton, while Australian coal taken to
Nagasaki and resold costs about $12 per
ton owing to the high duty placed upon
coal bv Japan in the interest of her own
coal fields. The great drawback to the
Japanese coal is the fact that it contains
too much sulphur and instead of the com
bustion occurring in the furnace it often
goes into the pipes and is very destructive
to that portion of the boilers. Much of
the repairing that has been found neces
sary to the army transports has been
about the -boilers which have been dam
aged by Japanese coal. At the same time,
owing to the great cost of coal brought
from Australia, it is found economical to
use Japanese coal rather than pay the
higher price for Australian coal. The
navy does not us© Japanese coal. At San
Francisco the Quartermaster's depart
ment pays the highest price for. coal.
Most of it reaches San Francisco as bal
last, but some comes from North Pacific
ports. The department is now experi
menting with coal from, Utah and it is
believed that If can be shipped to San
Francisco end sold lower than other coals
which are now purchased there.
United States Govern
' ment "Will Contract
for Large Supply.
JAPANESE COAL
FOR TRANSPORTS
Maud Woodward of Placervllle, who will
represent El Dorado County at the court
of Queeen Edith.
Discussing the week's movement and the
part played by Wall Street in It, the Vos
siche Zeitung says: "The United States
are to-day setting the pace in business
and financial -affairs. The magnet of the
Berlin Boerse pointed this week to New
York, but Berlin lacks confidence in the
American boom and fears a crash at any
moment. Hence ; there is great reserve
here." The American boom continues to
strengthen Deutsche Bank shares.
BERLIN, April 28.— The money market
now shows greater ease than for several
years. The Reichsbank rate of discount is
the lowest that has been in force since
June, 1890, and the private rate is unusu
ally low. Money for the monthly settle
ment is abundant. The Sehandlung is
making great offerings for call money, of
which only a small part has been taken,
although rates are continuously relaxing.
All reports represents the demand for
money for trade and speculation as les
sening. The monthly settlement is pass
ing off very smoothly, engagements being
light. . -
. The ton© of the Bourse throughout the
week was rather firm but business was
limited. .
Berlin Money Market Easier.
Money was cheaper during the week,
and at the following rates: Until Monday,
2*4 to 8; for a week, 3%, and three months'
bills 394 to 3& ,
There was also much buying of United
States Steel, the common stock closing
at 50, and the preferred at 99V£. Satur
day's close was well above parity. Wabash
preferred advanced ZYi., and Wabash de
bentures 2%. Chicago, Milwaukee & St.
Paul advanced 3, Northern Pacifies 2%,
New York Central 1 and most of the oth
er American securities from % to %.
The minine market did - not show any
special features. South Africans have
evinced a firm tendency. De Beers im
proved 2V£, Rands %, and most of the oth
ers showed improvements ranging from
V» to %, and there were but few mining
stocks fractionally lower. ,
During the ¦week home ¦ rails improved
all around, Metropolitan gaining 7 and dis
tricts l',£ on the prospects of benefits aris
ing from the introduction of electric trac
tion. Agrain there was much trading In.
American securities. After a general re
action in the early part of the week, ow
ing to bear selling, a further advance be
gan on active buying, especially of Un
ion Pacific and Baltimore and Ohio, which
advanced' from 4 to 8 points durinsr the
week.
LONDON, April 28.— The Stock Ex
change enjoyed a fair, amount of dealing
during the past week. Its tone has been
decidedly cheerful, as it is believed that
business will' soon become more active.
Consols remained the weakest of the" se
curities, having sold down to 93%, which
is the lowest price since 189O.They finished,
however, above the lowest quotation. It
is expected that the next settlement ¦will
disclose considerable bear account. The
event of the financial week has been the
issue of new consuls, the subscriptions
to which reached $200,000,000.
Issue of New Consols the
Financial Feature of
I the Week.
transportation facilities were sorely
taxed.
Among the maids of honor will be Mis3
LONDON STOCK
EXCHANGE FIRM
It was Rev. Dr. Wayland Spauldine,
president of the Congregational Clerical
Union, who, on Monday last, called Mark
Twain low born and ill bred.
"Mrs. Clemens was too tired to come,
and I'm glad she was. I don't want her
to hear things like that. Why don't you
people, so far as your calling will al
low, try to tell the truth? To be sure,
you sometimes get out of practice, but
one saying one thing and one another
you produce confusion in the minds of
people about religious matters.
"Rev. Dr. » oh, I won't mention his
name, has just called me low born and
ill bred. I don't mind that so much.
Shakespeare was low born, too; and there
was Adam— I believe he was born out
In the woods. But I'm glad the doctor
didn't say it about Adam. When such
a thing is said about the head of the
family it hurts. Anyhow, I think I would
prefer to be low born — in a republic —
like the rest. If I had been born on the
other side, why, then I would have liked
to be born a' Duke, as I suppose
Rev. Dr.— I won't mention his name
would have been, if he had been born
there."
When Mark Twain's time came he said:
"At Just this time I am. remarkably com
forted by an invitation to meet a body
of clergymen like this. It is only in
Brooklyn- that I am appreciated. Bu{/
what's the use of lugging that in about
our wives? Don't you think that's ex
travagant?
"All our best and noblest impulses and
inspirations come from them," said he.
NEW YORK, April 2S.-Mark Twain
was a guest of the Brooklyn Clerical
Union last night. It was "ladies' night,"
and President Rev. Dr. J. F. Carson wel
comed the ladies with a eulogy of wives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mark Twain Replies to
Taunt That He Is
Low Born.
MEETS INSULT
WITH A JEST
The committee expresses itself to-night
as pleased with the prospect, and the
opinion Is given that there will be many
more visitors this year than last, when
That Miss Tufts will preside over the
functions of the week with grace and
ability is assured, and now that the choice
has been fixed the Street Fair committee
¦will devote Its energies to arranging for
the other features of the exposition. The
rain which has been pouring down all day
augurs well for the success of the street
fair, since it means thousands of dollars
to the farmers and orchardists, all of
whom ¦will now be in a mood to visit the
Capital City and enjoy the week's fes-'
tivities.
office of queen requiring that several dif
ferent cpstumes shall be worn. Perhaps
the prettiest effects will be produced by
the May Queen and her maids of honor
in the floral parade on May 7, when the
equipages will te rose-bedecked and the
young women will- appear in fluffy sum
mer attire. •
The population is estimated at 150,000.
The people are peaceable, but the mor
als of the masses are lax.
The question as to whether a native or
an American shall be Governor has been
settled by the appointment, until such
time as an election may be held, of- Lieu
tenant George Curry of the Eleventh Vol
unteer Cavalry. Major Henry B. McCoy
of the Forty-fourth Volunteer Infantry
was appointed Treasurer, and Lieuten
ant Elmer O. Worrick of the Forty-fifth
Volunteer Infantry Supervisor.
NUEVA CACERES, Province of South
Camarlnes, Luzon, April 2S. — This turbu
lent region is now nearly pacified. The
Philippine Commission has traveled twen
ty miles by river to this point,' having
established provincial government for
North and South Camarlnes. The Com
missioners have been greeted with ban
ners inscribed with "Long Live the Com
mission" and "Out With the Friars."
tenant as Governor.
Taft Commission Names Army Lieu-
CAMARI2TES ARE PACIFIED.
In January of this year Cailles offered a
reward of $10 apiece for the heads of all
Americans brought to him.
General Cailles recently offered a re
ward of $10,000 for the head of Captain
Edward N. Jones Jr. of the Eighth Infan
try. For more than a year past Caillea
has commanded the insurgent forces op
erating to the east of Bay Lake, not far
from Manila. He Is said to be a French,
half-caste. He has a reputation for vln
dictiveness and cruelty, and is one of the
two or three Filipino leaders still in the
field who have clearly ignored the ob
servances of honorable warfare. The So
ciety of Mando-Ducats, whose practice it
was to assassinate and bury alive those
of their countrymen who accepted Amer
ican sovereignty whenever the latter fell
into their hands, operated with the cogni
zance, if not the support, of General
Cailles. If Cailles were captured it is
doubtful )l he could claim immunity for
past actions under the terms of the am
nest-v.
MANILA, April 28.— Captain Wilson
Chase, with a detachment of the Twen
tieth Infantry, on April 26 surprised the
camp of the insurgent General Callles at
Dugot-Dugot, situated nine miles north
east of Cavinti, in the province of La
guna. Cailles was at his camp at the time
of the American attack, but managed to
escape. Captain Chase's forces captured
his adjutant general, five of his other staff
officers, fifteen men, twenty rifles, a larg-e
amount of ammunition and stores and all
the papers and personal • effects of the
FILpino general. The insurgent Major
Valo was killed during the engagement,
as were Corporal McGlll and Private
Tipps, both belonging to Company A of
the Twenty-first. Several columns of the
American troops continue vigorously to
pursue General Cailles.
Luzon Dictator Barely
Escapes Capture by
Americans.
TROOPS ATTACK
CAILLES' CAMP
old and two new aulck-firers were cap
tured. On our side one man was killed
and three were severely wounded and nine
slightly. Lieutenant Deusterberg was
shot through the right arm.' .
"The enemy are everywhere in retreat.
General von Lessel has arranged with
General Balllough that the French troops
shall occupy Kukuan for the present, and
secure his left flank..
"Ketteler's brigade is marching by short
stages to Paotingfu and Huehlenfers .bat
talion along the mountain to Peking.
OScial Keports Conflict.
PEKING, April 2S.— The report of Gen
eral Ketteler from Kuolu differs from the
other reports concerning the German-
Vrench expedition previously received. The
French authorities had stated -..at the
Chinese had crossed the border of the
province on April 19, in which case they
must have subsequently returned.
Li Hung Chang says it is impossible to
believe that General Lui Kwang Ting
would have so flagrantly disobeyed his
orders and anxiously awaits the Chinese
report of the encounter referred to by
General Ketteler.
Li Hung Chang paid return calls to the
different legations yesterday and congrat
ulated Special Commissioner Rockhill on
the stand taken bv the Americans on the
question of indemnity. It is generally be
lieved among the Ministry of the powers
that Mr.'Rockhill's effort in this direction
will prove successful, though most of
them admit that they must be guided in
the matter by the instructions they re
ceive from the home government.
Execution of Robbsrs.
Nine Chinese will be executed to-mor
row in the American district for highway
robbery and violence. They were tried
and sentenced according to Chinese law,
but these were th* first of such sentences
to be apnroved by General Chaffee.
General Gaselee. the Britsh commander,
the officers of his staff and the entire
British contingent gave a farewell enter
tainment to the American officers last
night. All officers who were not actually
on duty were present and the utmost en
thusiasm prevailed. Speeches were made
by General Gaselee and General Chaffee
only.
It is said at German headquarters that
the brigade of General Ketteler is return
ing to Paotingfu.
¦..T..;..:,.;..;..;..;..:,.:.,;..:..:,,;..;..;..;..:..;. ;..;, ; :„;¦¦;. o
KETTELER'S BRIGADE
ROUTS THE CHINESE
Inflicts Crushing Defeat Upon the Force of
of General Liu, Fighting Four Engage
ments at the Great Wall in Kuolu Province
BOERS CAPTURE
BRITISH PARTY
" 'MofEmeister drove back the enemy on
April 23. On the same day Huehlenfels
encountered a strong party of the enemy
occupying a bastion on the heights com
manding the pass. The enemy fought
stubbornly in a particularly strong posi
tion, which was only taken after eleven
hours' fighting
" 'Huohlenfels and Lieutenant Richter
were slightly wounded and Lieutenant
Drewclls was severely wounded. A stan
dard-bearer and another were killed and
Fix men severely and ten slightly
wounded.
" 'Walmerich attacked and dispersed on
April 23 a far superior force of the enemy
in a strong position east of the breach of
Haecho, and effected a junction on the
battlefield with the battalion under Major
Muclmnnn, from Teingching, where, tak
ing up the pursuit, they overtook the en
emy in a fresh position to the south. This
was captured and the enemy was pur
tued as far as Kukuan. Wallmerich fol
lowed them thither.
" "The enemy suffered severely. Eleven
Chinese Fight Stubbornly.
"PEKING. April 28.— The following re
ports arrived only last night, owing to the
difficulty of communication:
" 'General Kettc-ler's brigade, reinforced,
n. arched in four columns against the
Oreat Wall, Colonel Ledebur's being the
right wing, then those commanded by
Colonel Hoffmeister. Colonel Wallmerich
and Major Huehlcnfels. . Ledebur reached
the wall on April 24. after a slight engage
ment near Haishankwan.
Subsequently the following additional
dispatch regarding the four engagements
was received from Count von Waldersee:
"PEKING. April 27.— Three engage
ments occurred on April 23 and a fourth
on April 24 at the Great Wall between four
columns under General Ketteler and the
Chines© troops under General Liu. The
Chinese were everywhere defeated, and
after a stubborn resistance were forced
back over the wall, being pursued as far
as Kukuan. Our casualties were four
officers wounded and three men killed and
thirty. two wounded. The French troop3
were not engaged."
BERLIN, April 28.— The German War
Office has received the following advices
from Count von Waldersee:
Light Horse Troopers
Make a Gallant
Defense.
CAPE TOWN, April 28.— During the last
forty-six hours sixteen fresh cases of the
bubonic plague have been officially re
ported. Eight of these are Europeans.
Since the outbreak of the disease there
have been "19 cases, of which 217 have
proved fatal. • •
LONDON. April 2S.— Lord Kitchener
continues the process of wearing down the
Boers, who. however, are very active in
the Kroonstadt district, where they re
cently derailed two trains and also cap
tured, after a severe fight, twenty-five
men of the Prince of Wales Light Horse.
Colonel Plumer's force captured a small
laager of 450 men. including the notori
ous Transvaal State engineer, Munick,
who .planned the destruction of the Jo
hannesburg mines in the spring of last
year, and his father.
Mr. Cummings. who is visiting Durban
on behalf of the Canadian Government, Is
favorably Impressed with the trading
possibilities between Canada and Natal.
WASHINGTON, April 28.— The Depart
ment of Agriculture has received no in
formation bearing on the reports that
have been circulated in England charging
Boer emissaries with Inoculating horses
shipped to South Africa with glanders and
other maladies. Secretary Wilson places
no credence in the story. He says, how
ever, that it is possible it might have been
done, probably by hostlers or otner at
tendants aboard ship, if at all. There has
been i<o examination of the horse ship
ments by the department's representa
tives, as the English agents never have
requested such inspection.
None of the British were wounded. Af
ter their surrender the Boers relieved
them of their arms and whatever personal
property that struck their fancy and
then released them.
CAPE TOWTST. April 2S.— A dispatch has
been received here stating that twenty
five men belonging to the Prince of
Wales Lipht Horse kept 400 Boers at bay
for eteht hours at a place fifteen miles
from Kroonstadt. Fourteen of the Boers
were killed and several wounded. Ulti
mately the British were forced to sur
render, jjur" they did not capitulate until
their ammunition was exhausted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL . 29, 1901.
Young Lady Selected to Act as Sovereign at the Festival in Sacra
mento Is the Recipient of Bounteous -Compliments and
Makes Preparations for Her Position of Queenly Honor
ROBES OF HER MAJESTY, EDITH,
WILL GLISTEN IN MAYTIME SUN
Hope.
3
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
brewed of selected
barle y* malt and
(2irip|^L^^ best imported hops,
is"lagered" six months to fully mature, ||
before being bottled for market, which
accounts for its being so palatable
and wholesome, and makes it
"Tke King of Bottled Beers."
The product of ¦ v
Anheuser-BuschBrewing Ass n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers also of Black & Tan, Anheuser-Standard, Faust, Pale-Lager,
Export Pale, Exquisite, Michelob and Malt-Nutrine.
Orders promptly filled l>y "
E. G. LYONS COMPANY, Wholesale Dealers, SAIT FRANCISCO.
1 -TTHrB COLUMBUS !
1151 ' -»¦ f hi rr r* 1 ~CZL*£j' f-UUJJ Tv DBuJmlvl II *• ¦¦* % W m. •-*
*** Jal 'eItV J*Sr\\ JlvS / xV A.^ \J XJfc A \,*J • *^
- Going into Wholesale J
II VL^g? X^SkjJn^/ Business Exclusively, i
I. . ¦¦;••¦''"''.;// . •?•
II To better protect our many dealers throughout the State, as well as
•**• the territory tributary to the port of San Francisco, we have decided that £
X it is better not to come into competition with our dealers, and, therefore. :
T now effer our stock of elegant styles on repository floor at astonishingly j-
31 low prices to close them out. Ill
I NINE CARLOADS JUST RECEIVED, |
JI Consisting of Fancy Traps. Extension Top Carriages, Stanhop«. Spi- :
?• derettes, Germantowns." Victorias, Surrrjrs,. Pneumatic Bike Wagons, .j.
j* Solid Rubber-Tire Runabouts. Spring Wagons, Road Wagons and Cart3. T
II Avail yourself of this' opportunity to secure fine vehicles at prices I£
'•" never before quoted in San Francisco. . i
I COLUMBUS BUGGY CO. §
| 1321-25 Market Street, Between Ninth and Tenth. J
tb " N. B. — We have more vehicles of our own manufacture on our floor 31
4- than all the carriage houses of 'San Francisco combined. Siooo reward -^
*K for any vehicle*sold by us having a genuine Columbus Buggy Co.'s £
5 name-plate thereon that was not manufactured by the Columbus Buggy I£
4» Company. . • , T
T '. We were awarded the Gold - Medal at Paris Exposition, iqoo. We T
¦••will show photograph of our exhibit and sell you duplicates of the prize- X
•!• winne r s. * tCHARLES HENRY CEAMP.
r , The weather, bureau is loyal,, for it "has arranged a
good shower in time to freshen up the State for Mc-
Kinlcy's visit. •¦• -i : ,,r'"
If you have not yet designed the manner in which
you arc going to decorate your premises for the Presi
dent's visit, now is a Kcod time to think about it. A
matter of that kind should not be left to the last mo
ment and then done iit a hurry.
Exclusive of Egypt, th© area of King
Edward's empire is 11,773,000 square miles;
including Egypt about 13.000,000 square
miles, or much over one-fourth of the
land surface of the globe.* The wealth of
the United Kingdom alone, apart from
that of India. Australia, Canada and
other possessions, is about $60,000,000,000, or
second only to that of the United States
Tho population of the empire .aggregates
seme 400,000,000, being comparable with
that of tho empire of China.— Chicago
Chronicle, ¦ • • °
King Edward's Exnpjre.
Taken altogether, these various misrepresentations
and mistakes are of a nature to shake popular faith in
Ihe accuracy of monumental inscriptions. It may be
all right to trust to those which were erected by the
ancient Egyptians and by the ancient Assyrians, but
imything later is subject to dispute. We have long
heard in this country of monumental errors, but not
until this time did the exact meaning of the phrase
come home to us. Y- •
Another case of amending an inscription has been
brought to light in the city cemetery at Norfolk, Va.
There stands there a handsome marble monument
bearing the inscription, "Sacred to the memory of
Mrs. Margaret - — , who died — "; and beneath is
added, "Erratum: For Margaret, read Martha." •
;It appears that another error just about as serious
but. on a local. matter was discovered in a memorial
tablet commemorating the founder of the city- of
Springfield, Mass. • In that case/ however, the citizens
protested, and we lean that . the ; error -was "rectified
by an amendment" to the inscription.
It is explained that the patriots whom the tablet
was designed to commemorate are those of the Revo
lution, but as the war for. independence did not begin
until 1775 the record places their, death about twenty
years too early. Evidently the Daughters of the
Revolution have tried to . make their lineage a little
I'it longer than it really ought to be, and the result
is going to be confusion in the minds of the young
patriots who try to make the school histories tally
with the records of th.; civic monuments.
This Tablet Marks the Site of the Provost
Prison^
Where Patriots Died for the
Cause of Freedom About A. D. 1756.
Erected by the: .
Mary Washington Colonial Chapter,
Daughters of the American Revolution,
. ' April 15. A. D. 1901.
The most notable error of the kind has been dis
covered in the inscription upon a memorial recently
set up in New York City. It runs thus:
OWING to the widespread discussion over the
action of the sculptor in placing upon the
pedestal of the Logan monument at Washing
ton a tablet misrepresenting the facts of history there
has been a general examination of monuments in the
East, and as a result there have been brought to light
a number of errors in memorial tablets, some of them
being even more glaring than that which started the
discussion.'
MONUMENTAL ERRORS.
In the meantime it is to be noted that the boom,
for Tom L. Johnson, which started immediately upon
hi/ election as Mayor of Cleveland, has not. subsided.
Henry Watterson has taken it up. In a recent issue of
the Louisville Courier-Journal he said: "If Tom John',
son is elected Governor of Ohio next fall, and if two
Signs of the work of the Hill hoomers are visible
in all sections of the Union. His friends are to be
seen throughout the Southern States and on. thii
coast. It is in New York, however, that the work is
most conspicuous. The recent -organization of. "The
Greater New York Democracy" on a platform declar
ing opposition to Tammany Hall, is clearly a move
ment in the interests of Hill's Presidential aspirations;
and seems designed not so much for use in New York
as for the purpose of impressing the country, with
the idea that Hill is now a reformer, against the bosses
and for the people.
Within the higher circles of the party David Ben
nett Hill has an eas/ leadership. The Washington
correspondent of the New York Times quotes a prom
inent Democrat of Maryland as saying that while his
personal preference is for Gorman, he believes that
statesman to be too timid for leadership at this time,
and that therefore Hill has the advantage. • By way
of explaining the situation the Maryland man went
en to say: "We are not rich in leaders, in men of
statesmanship; but we need some men of common
sense and courage more than we do brilliant states
men. Until these men come to the surface and as
sume that leadership which must be followed by suc
cess, we shall go on trimming in Congress and grovel
ing at our conventions under the malign influence of
the Christian Scientists of politics. If there is one
quality the possession of which will give to its pos
sessor the chance to revive the drooping spirits of the
Democratic^ party, that quality is courage, and the
man who now seems to have a conspicuous'* share. of
it is your former Senator, Mr. Hill, if another, with
more courage and a clearer perception of the needs
and opportunities of his party arises before the ne"xt
national convention, I am convinced that the Demo
cratic party will hail h:m as a veritable political
Moses."
Whatever view the country may take of Bryan's
renunciation, the Democratic leaders have evidently
taken him at his word and his words at face value.
It is a long time before the next Presidential election,
but already the wirepullers of Democracy have begun
to lay their wires, the loomers have set about arrang
ing for their booms and the hornblowers have made
ready their horns. • *
BRYAN has taken from his feet the shoes of
Presidential aspiration and cast them aside.
Such at any rale is his statement.' In a recent
number of the, Commoner he has said: "I am not
planning for another Presidential nomination— if I
were I would not be editing a paper." Under ordin
ary circumstances such a statement would not amount
to much. It has long been the custom of candidates
for the Presidency to lake off the shoes of candidacy
in off years, but it has been noted they put them on
again when an election year came round. There are
reasons, however, for believing Bryan to be sincere.
In the first place he has had enough in the way of
Democratic nominations and in the second place
Democracy has had enough of him* In his case,
therefore, it is likely the shoes have been cast aside
for good.
BRYAN'S OLD SHOES.
: Mr. Cramp has been twice married, and
has five living children. Following the ex
ample of his father he has drawn his sons
into active identification with the ship
building Industry. Henry W. Cramp la
vice president and treasurer of the com
pany. Edwin S. Cramp is the superintend
ing engineer.
Mr. Cramp Is intensely charitable In
his inclinations and the immediate sec
tion of the city In which the Cramps"
shipyards are situated offers a fruitful
field for private and unostentatious acts
of benevolence. Many are the stories told
of his generosity among the poor of Ken
sington. But one doubts whether. If asked
about any one of these cases of helpful
ness, the donor would be willing to ad
mit the act, so quietly does he go about
his works of charity.
Mr. Cramp is greatly honored in the
commercial and industrial world of his
native city, where no representative gath
ering Is deemed complete without his
presence, and his advice and counsel on
public matters are highly esteemed.
His life has been singularly free from
ostentation or the desire to occupy a large
place in the public eye, but he has, never
theless, made the impress of his force and
genius felt in the broad progress that the
country has made from an isolated nation
to a commanding position In the naval and
maritime history of the half century Just
past.
His Sons Share His Burdens.
Passing to the more directly personal
side of Mr. Cramp's life the same qual
ities of simple, direct, forcefulness are
found to exist. He Is known to nearly ev
ery one of the thousands of employes of
the big yards, and there is not a man,
from switch tender to consulting engi
neer, who cannot approach him. For years
the immediate discipline of the works has
been committed to other hands, but there
is little of the life, individual or opera
tive, that goes on without his knowledge.
In all the affairs between the company
and' the men Mr. Cramp takes a strong
Interest, and while firm in his stand when
once assumed, he is kindness itself when
it comes to a. study of individual cases.
It may be a surprise to know that the
builder of million-dollar ships for this and
other nations is not many times a mil
lionaire himself, but the truth Is that Mr.
Cramp is not a very rich man. The ener
gies and Interests of his life have been al
most wholly absorbed in this shipbuilding
plant that bears his father's name. He
has not given time to the accumulation
of wealth for his own use. He Is not
known as a patron of art, nor does he live
in an extravagant fashion. He is a
straight-forward, simple-mannered gentle
man, who has given all the years of his
life to the arduous task of building up the
Industry that was in its infancy when he
first opened his eyes upon the little world
of Kensington.
Closely Davoted to His Business,
tury of active Identification with it and
a mind of naturally predisposed by inher
itance and early training alone could give,
but It has been by intense and constant
personal effort that he has mastered the
modern problems of naval construction,
and this has enabled him to turn out from
his shipyards such splendid specimens of
naval vessels as the New York, the Bal
timore, the Indiana, the Massachusetts,
the Brooklyn and the Iowa of the new
American navy, the Retvizan and Varlag
for the .Russian navy and the Kasagt for
tho Japanese navy. The transition from
wood to Iron shipbuilding was made when
the present head of the Cramp yards was
a young man. That he caught some fore
shadowing of the future of iron and steel
shipbuilding goes without saying, and
through the years that have elapsed since
the death of his father and the active
management of the enterprise fell upon
his shoulders he has been slowly and me
thodically working out the plans which
lay in his mind as a result of his earlier
study and anDllcatlon.
From v the high school young Cramp
passed Immediately into the active career
of a shipbuilder. Although his father
owned and was operating a shipbuilding
plant it was thought best -to give his son
his first taste of service beyond the par
ental roof, so he went' into the shipyards
of his maternal uncle, John BIrely, who
conducted a small shipbuilding plant on
the Delaware River front in the Kensing
ton borough. From his uncle's young
Cramp was graduated into the mold loft
of his father's shipbuilding plant and from
the da*y he assumed those responsible du
ties until the present he has moved stead
ily forward in the career that places him
at the head of -the world's shipbuilders
and has made him practically the princi
pal builder of what is. to-day called "the
new American navy." >
While Mr. Cramp inherits much of his
taste and inclination for ship construc
tion, and, like his father, the original head
of the enterprise, is possessed of remark
able inventive genius and a mind whose
natural bent is toward applied mathemat
ics, he has also a distinctive personality
that explains '.n. no small degree his suc
cess and the present magnitude and scope
of tho great company of which he is the
president. < \
It is within "1 he immediate confines of
the big shipbuilding yards in Kensington,
a part of the city of Philadelphia, that the
Beginning "Work as a Shipbuilder.
Young Charles H. Cramp as a boy was
sent to the old Central High School of
Philadelphia, where, under the tutelage of
the . famous Alexander Dallas Bache, he
received a thorough training in mathe
matics, a study for which the young pupil
showed a peculiar aptness. As Illustrative
of this it may be noted that of the four
pupils of the Philadelphia Central High
School .- selected , by Professor Bache to
make nightly observations from the Gi
rard College observatory' Charles H.
Cramp was one. Reports of these observ
ations were sent to .Washington and the
system then Inaugurated formed the basis
of what Is now the nation's signal service
bureau. :¦¦
Mr. Cramp Inherits the genius that has
brought him such great success. He is
the eldest son of a shipbuilder, his father,
William Cramp, having established a
shipyard on nearly the same stto now oc
cupied .by the immense plant of which it
was the nucleus, so long ago as 1S30. That
was two years after the birth of his son
Charles, which occurred In the Kensing
ton Borough of Philadelphia on May 9,
1S2S. William Cramp was a notable fig
uie in the early development of Industrial
Philadelphia. His was a strong, rugged
character, possessed of virtues that made
him beloved by his fellow-cltlzens. . His
indomitable perseverance was shown in
the fact that amid conditions unfavorable
to the development of his enterprise he
overcame all obstacles. At the time of
his death In 1879 he had the marvelous
record of having built 207 vessels for the
high seas and had brought the once small
shipbuilding plant of his early efforts to
a world-wide repute.
claimed: "The Industry and genius that
hrve made this splendid fighting ship pos
sible deserve the highest praise of a na
tion."
That genius and Industry Is possibly
best embodied In the person of the head of
the great American shipbuilding firm
from whose yards on the Delaware River
the New , York was launched, Charles
Henry Cramp; for. notwithstanding the
able associates In the persons of his own
sons and members of the Cramp family
connected with him In the direction and
control of the great works. It Is to him
that the credit Is due for the past achieve
ments of the firm and for the proud place
It now holds In the shipbuilding Industry.
In that group of American citizens
whose names are indlssolubly connected
with the vaBt commercial and Industrial
achievements of the past half century the
name of Charles Henry Cramp, head of
the great William Cramps' Sons Ship and
Engine Building Company, Is familiar
throughout the world. Yet It belongs to
a quiet, modest gentleman, who Is as
thoroughly Identified with the work and
advancement of the humblest riveter In
his big shipyard as he is with the great
rational movements of recent years that
have practically made him the "maker of
rinvles."
Pounder of the Shipbuilding Firm.
The local situation is now purely dependent upon
the weather. The long dry spell, broken by
the rains of yesterday, extending over the major
part of April, and which has been exceeded but
twice in fifty-two years, according to the records, and
father severe frosts during the past week, have al
tered crop prospects materially. In most sections;
however, a good crop of grain is still possible without
any more rain, though the yield will hardly be as large
as previously anticipated; but it is undeniable that the
continued heavy frosts "have made serious inroads
upon the fruit crop. The merchants, however, con
tinue to report the best trade for a number of years,
rnd there are no complaints from any quarter. With
fair showers from now on we ought to pull out all
right.
As for the humdrum side of business — the daily
trading in produce and merchandise — there is little
new to note. Floods in many sections have inter
rupted the distribution of merchandise and interfered
with retail trade. The staples show little life as a
rule. Wool is barely steady, hides and leather are
quiet and not materially changed, and business in
boots and shoes is smaller. Lumber is reported firm,
while orders for iron and steel continue to engage the
full capacity of the works everywhere, though they
are not as crowded with business as in 1899. The
feature of the week, outside of Wall street, was the
advance in wheat, mainly due to bad reports from the
German crop, assisted by less favorable reports from
California, where rain has been seriously needed.
Wall street has been boiling for some little time,
but indications of a reaction are appearing. The situ
ation is simple. The vast financial interests which
have formed the enormous trusts are not ready yet
to let their shares deciine, and arc straining every
nerve to keep 'hem up, while the small and cautious
interests, as well as the public at large, are becoming
afraid of the high valuations and arc getting out. They
are selling — which, in the jargon of the street, is called
liquidation and realizing. The great moneyed inter
tits are taking the stocks thus thrown on the market
and actually bidding for more. This is called "sus
taining the market." How long this will last is a
conundrum which is interesting the bankers and finan
ciers of New York. What will happen when the pub
lic has liquidated is another conundrum. At present
conditions are assuring. Money is not stringent and
the powers behind the trusts seem to have plenty of
it to operate with. Besides, the national treasury is
almost gorged with gold. Furthermore, the Euro
pean nations are coming over here as borrowers, and
the United States has practically superseded England
as the creditor nation. of the world, for England is
now borrowing from us. Every day brings nearer the.
lime when New York, rnd not London, will be the
financial center of the world. Nor is that time very
distant.
Still, with all this ready money, it is a question how
long Wall street will continue to boil.
TRADE conditions became irregular again last
week. The steady tone was no longer visible.
Some lines kept up, while others fell off. The
country's bank clearings showed an apparent gain in
the volume of business over the corresponding week
last year of 69.5 per cent, but when the figures are
examined it will be .reen that this gain was largely
confined to New York. Thus, the aggregate clear
ing? of the United States were $2,934,897,000, and of
this amount New York furnished $2,201,516,000, with
an increase there of 103 per cent. No other city of
importance showed any such gain, the next highest
being 34.8 per cent at San Francisco, while the gains
at Boston and Chicago fell off. to 79 and 5.2 respect
ively. Pittsburg, the center of the steel industry, fell
off to 25.8 per cent. So this increase of 69.5 per cent
in the business of the country last week simmers down
to much smaller proportions when looked at closely,
and it is seen that the apparent improvement in trade
is largely confined to t'ie New York Stock Exchange
and represents active speculation in railroad and in
div-;rial shares.
TRADE AGAIN IRREGULAR.
There may not be many nien in Alabama who will
actively engage in opposing the scheme of the Demo
cratic leaders, but the slightness of the vote in favor
of the constitutional convention is a proof that the
great mass of the people are indifferent to it. Conse
quently they are in a mocd to be affected by the argu
ments of such earnest men as make the fight. The
situation has therefore its gleams of brightness. The
scheme is not to be carried out in silence. The better
elements of the people of Alabama are to at least,con
front the wrong with argument and with protest.
As a further and perh&ps more effective argument
against the plan, the opponents of it remind conser
vative and progressive men that any suppression of
political privileges will hc.ve a tendency to render the
negroes restless and dissatisfied. On that point
Murphy says: "Will such conditions help anybody's
business? Our negroes are not an ideal population,
but they are suited to the' industrial needs of the
South. Most of them sre going quietly about their
work. A policy of alarm will not be a policy of profit.
It will not increase the value of the negro to Alabama.
Anxiety, restlessness and discontent bring the paraly
sis of efficient labor. Political agitation is economic
foolishness. Contented, steady, continuous work is
the most productive work in the world. The farmer
and planter know that they can. get more corn and
more cotton out of a contented labor than out of the
labor that is frightened by the beating of the political
tom-tom, and disturbed and unsettled by the crude
animosities of the political hustings. It is all un
necessary."
Mr. Murphy .then proceeds to point out that while
illiteracy is not a crime, literacy is a duty; that it' is
incumbent upon the State to educate its people; that
if all illiterates, white and black alike, were excluded
from voting the act would stimulate them to learn^to
read and to write; that to exclude only illiterate ne
groes, leaving the ignorant and idle whites in full
possession of the ballot, would be a surrender of one
of the best means to promote education and would
put political power into the hands of willfully ignorant
and lazy vote sellers.
One of the opponents of the plan, E. G. Murphy of
Montgomery, has issued a public letter warning the
people of the dangers likely to result from it. He.dis
misses the argument that it, is necessary to disfran
chise the negro in order to secure white supremacy
with the simple statement that white supremacy in
Alabama is already universal; there is not an elective
office held by a negro anywhere in Alabama and negro
domination could not be accomplished in the State
except by military force, which will never be at
tempted.
DESPITE the advice of Senator Morgan that
the Democrats of Alabama carry out their
scheme for disfranchising the negroes as quiet
ly as possible, so as not to give rise to discussion in
?he North, it appears they movement will not be effect
ed without !ebate and p'.fctest even in Alabama itself.
Thtre are Democrats in the State who deem the pro
posed policy to~be prejudicial to the interests of the
commonwealth and they have not hesitated to say so.
A VOICE FROM ALABAMA:
It is not to be doubted that "Cousin Tom Johnson"
will be a pretty good war cry in Dixie, and perhaps
the "cropheads,". as Watterson calls theni, may yet
have to accept it. In the meantime the Hill boomers
have taken due notice of the Wattersonian "ifs"and
are going right along as if there were no Cousin Tom
in the country.
It will be noted there are a good many "ifs'Vin Mr.
Watterson's prediction, but they do not disturb the
flow of his eloquence; so he. goes on to pour forth the
rapture: "Let the boys in the trenches pray that it
may be sq;'that this chip of a sound old Kentucky'
block, born in Dixie, blessed by Indiana and blazed
forth a leader in Ohio— this 'Cousin Tom Johnson
of Ours,' who went hence a barefoot to 'come back
v.ith a pocketful of buckeyes and something to spare
besides, may sweep the State of Ohio as he has swept
the city of Cleveland; that he may fight and win the
ante-Presidential battle of 1903, and that, repeating
the story of Tilden ani Cleveland before him, he may
finally come to his kingship at the head of a mighty
host of Democrats unlerrified and undefiled, not cast
ing one look of longing nor regret behind."
years later," having made a good Governor, he holds
down his job, all will be over for 1904 but the shout
ing. Put that in your cob pipe and smoke it, you
cropheads."
Starting from the capital to-day, it will not be long
before the President is with us. From now until the
day on which he is due in San Francisco time will
fly fast. Every citizen should therefore determine at
once upon the extent z.nd nature of the decorations
with which he will make his premises vie with those
of his neighbors in beauty and brightness.. There
have been many notable decorative effects produced in
San Francisco on great occasions in times past, but
now let us break all records.
It is gratifying to know that all these preparations
have been made, but in the midst of them we should
nor forget that the President's life work has been
the study and the practice of that kind of politics that
promotes prosperity. He delights in learning of the
working life of a people, of their industries and their
interests. He should therefore be afforded as many
opportunities as possible of becoming acquainted with
the resources of the State and the matters in which
tiic welfare of the commonwealth can be promoted by
rational legislation.
The time which the Presidential party will spend in
California will constitute the climax of the tour. The
receptions given from the day he enters the State until
he leaves it will form the most memorable features
of his journey. From preparations that have been
made at all points where he is expected to stop, even
for a few minutes, it is evident that California as seen
from the Presidential train will appear as a land gar
landed with flowers from one end to another, and
occupied by a people to whom hospitality is at once
a virtue and a joy, a duty and a love.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY will to-day leave
Washington upon the tour that is to bring him
to California., It is to be the" longest Presi
dential tour in our history, for while other Presidents
have come to California none have made the long:
sweep around the whole Union that McKinley will
have made when he gets back to Washington; In
other respects, also, it will surpass the former tours
of Presidents, for never before have such extensive
preparations been made for the reception of a Presi
dent over so long and so varied a route.
In his great speech opposing the policy of the ad
ministration toward the Philippines Senator Hoar
paid a high tribute to the personal worth of President
McKinley and said of him: "He is more loved than
juiy President we have had since Lincoln." The
phrase comes as near as any single phrase can to
expressing the hold the President has upon the peo
ple. He has a place in the hearts of all. His deep
regard for the personal welfare of every American,
manifested during his whole political life and uttered
.-.gain and again in his speeches, has had its natural
effect upon the masses, and he is looked upon as' a
personal friend by all whose industries he has helped
to make prosperous. His coming, therefore, im
presses the public mind as something more than a
mere official tour. He willfbe greeted by people not
solely from a fondness for grand parades, nor yet from
a lcj'al desire to show their respect for his high office;
but because of a personal admiration and esteem, and,
as Senator Hoar said, love for himself.
He comes 'to us with his Cabinet on what is called
?. holiday tour. It is to be no idle holiday. From the
tmic he leaves Washington until he completes his
journey there will be for him the most fatiguing kind
of work, that of attending official receptions, public
handshakings, fetes and functions of all kinds. .It
devolves upon the citizens to be considerate and not
to impose too much of that kind of work upon him.
It is to be borne in mind his Cabinet will be with him
and governmental business will have to be performed
e\ery day. Such considerations should prompt the
people to receive the President with that hospitality
which does not impose too much upon the guest.
THE PRESIDENT'S TOUR.
AT the naval demonstration at Kiel
in 1895 Emperor William II of Ger
many displayed a marked admira
tion for the United States armored
. cruiser New York, which was sent
over as this Government's contribution to
the' splendid naval display made at the
German festival in honor of the opening
of the North Sea and Baltic ship canal.
His Majesty was aboard the vessel on
mere than one occasion and on his final
visit partook of midnight lunch on ship
board with a distinguished company. Im
mediately upon the conclusion of the
lunch the Emperor was placed in com
mand of the vessel and gave the quick or
der to disconnect the fore and after en
gines. His command was carried out in
exactly two minutes and . forty-six sec
onds. In amazement the royal guest ex-
Of course Mr. bramp has a knowledge
of the shipbuilding trade tnat half a cen-
life and genius of the man have found
their constant and most complete expres
sion. Here it is that his character Im
presses one deeply and displays those
traits which have wrought success. He
Is a member of the Union League Club
and may often be found there; but any
study of the man that will bring true re
sults must be made from the viewpoint of
his comfortably furnished offices in the
very heart of the shipyards. It is from
this vantage ground that he gives his per
sonal direction to the operations in ship
construction that have made his plant
famous in every civilized country, for In
a majority of these there Is some tangible
evidence of his genius in the shape of a
sea vessel, planned either for war or for
commerce.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call
Eleventh Article of the Series on "The Op
portunity and the Man," Relating to
the Career of a Shipbuilder.
By. Kendall Oressey.
1 ¦;
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
XL— CHAELES HENRY CRAMP.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
Of 1428 applicants for admission to the
Japanese Naval Academy only 200 suc
cessfully passed the required examina
tion, which was recently held at several
piaces throughout the country.
. • • ?
A Russian captain commanding the vol
unteer steamer Saratoff was arrested
March 25 at Nagasaki, charged with pho
tographing the scene of the Nagasaki
harbor, which la within the fortification
zone. A subsequent preliminary hearing
resulted In the captain being: held for
trial. ; ¦• y
".;¦"• *V • ; ;• .... •
Captain Takasaki of the Japanese navy
and a dockyard clerk have been court
martialed, charged with receiving bribes
while In performance of duty at Y/oko
suko dockyard. The captain has been de
prived of his rank and decoration, and
both of the men were sentenced to eight
• months' severe imprisonment and a nom
inal fine.
• • >r : '« v
Rear Admiral Thomas O. Selfrldge, TT.
S. N., celebrated his ninety-sixth birth
day on Wednesday, April 24. He entered
the navy on January 1. ISIS, at the early
age of 12 years and 9 months, and has now
been eighty-three years three months
and twenty-one days In the service.' He
la no doubt, the oldest living officer of
any navy.
• • *
M. Landry. Minister of Marine In
France, expresses the opinion that the
principal reason why England has re
jected the Belleville boiler is because of
English prejudice against anything that
Is French. He contends that no change
In boilers Is necessary, but that those
who have charge of the boilers should be
changed.
• • •
A new International signal code, de
vised by Admiral Boweson, chlef-of
staff of the Norwegian navy, has been
adopted provisionally by three govern
ments. By his simple system three flags
will make the number not only of every
warship in the world, but also of every
merchant vessel capable of being put to
warlike use.
• • •
The Belleville boiler has been discard
ed for the new British cruiser Encounter,
and Durr boilers will be substituted.
These latter are really of the Thorny
croft pattern, with some modifications of
German origin, and are favored in the
navy of Germany, where they have been
Installed In one training ship, three bat
tle-ships and a cruiser. '
• . • •
There are 17 large shipbuilding yards
in Germany, employing a force of 45,000
men In all. There are 9 yards at which
war vessels are built, namely: Kiel 3,
with 12,000 men; Stettin 2, with 8000 men;
Wllhelmshafen 1, 7000 men: Hamburg 2.
6000 men: Danzig 1, 5000 men: Klblng I.
4000- men. The wages average 40 per
cent less for skilled mechanics and 30
per cent less for unskilled labor than
in England, and the hours of labor are
about ten hours more per week than In
Great Britain.
• • « . .
The London Engineer was particularly
sarcastic against the United States Navy
Department In 1SS3, when the first four
vessels of the new navy were contract
ed for. It expressed the belief that our j
Bureau of Steam Engineering was in
capable of designing marine engines with
satisfactory results. It Is. therefore,
pleasing to note that In a recent issue
the Engineer states. In speaking of the
machinery plans of the Navy Depart
ment: "There are many features of
interest about them, and we may add
that, as far as Is known on this side of
the Atlantic, the machinery of the
American navy is. as a rule., successful
in no stinted measure." .; ,.o " a
' • • •
The United States gunboat Bancroft
will probably soon be withdrawn from
active service and be laid up, with the
Texas, as obsolete. The Bancroft Is of
839 tons, built for a training ship for
naval cadets In 1892 at a total cost of
$431,282, and first placed In commission
March 3. 1893. As a training ship she Is
entirely too small, having insufficient
room to accommodate the classes during
the annual summer cruise, and shortly
after the recent war she was converted
into a gunboat and sent to Turkey to
Impress the Sultan with the naval power
of this country. Her mission In that re
spect does not appear to have met with
success, and since the Bancroft's re
turn she went out of commission from
September 30, 1SD8, to July 21, 1900. Her
trial trip speed of 14.37 knots has nevet
been reached in actual service, the hlgh«
est being less than 12 knots, and under
these circumstances It will be true econ
omy to permanently retire a vessel which
In less than eight years has become ob
solete.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1901.
MONDAY APRIL 29, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Idftrtu All Coaacaicttioi* tt W. 8. LEAKE, Mwiger.
1H A XAGRR'S O T^JS^JLL^Z-'JjJ^l^P^?-^. ZrV-?*?. - ?^
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. K.
Telephone Tress 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press SO2.
Dellrered br Curriers. 1.% Cents Per \Teelc
.. . . Slnrle Copies. . O. Cent*.
Terms br Mall. Inclndlnir Postaaret
UILT CALL Cncludinr Sunday), rne year »*•*>
DAILY CALL flneludlnr Sunday). 6 mcnthi *>00
X)AILT CALL (including Bunday). S monthf 1-60
DAILT CALL-Br Elntfe Month «*»
WKEKLT CALL, Ont Tear *•"•
All postmaster* nre nnthorlced to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Malt ¦obncrTberf In nrHfrinr chtnr* of n/Mr*r* rtiould b*
particular to rlTe both NKTV AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Incur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request
O AICLAXD OFFICE ... HIS Broadway
C. GEOnGE KROGXRSS.
Kicirtr Ttnign Hrt rtiilxsg, Karqnette Building, CfcieagJ. .
(Lock Pittance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C C CARLTOar Hernld Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
•TEPHEJT B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldtngc
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - A rtorla Hotel; A. Brentano. a Union Fquare:
Vn»T*v Hill Hotel.
c
4
Call unbacrlbers contemplating a change of
reddeaee daring- the summer months can havo
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying; The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
**«ort« and Is represented by a local agent In
ml\ tmvram «n the comt.
BUMMER RATES at HoUl del Corcnado.
Coronado Beach, CaL, effective after April 1J,
$60 for round trip, including IS dayt at hotel.
l'aclflc Coait 8, 3. Co., 4 Now Montgomery at.
One of the most delicate
foods, in the world, is Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil.
When . usual food is a burden,
it feeds you enough to restore
your stomach; baby the same.
The body-builder is food;
the body-restorer is Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil.
. We'll »cnd you a little to try if you UVa.
SCOTT & BOWNE, «>> ?e-»rl »««. N«w York
Food is the body-restorer.
In health, you want nothing
but food; and your baby wants
nothing but food. But, when
not quite well, you want to get
back to where food is enough.
BODY-RESTORER
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50o a
pound, In tire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 659 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. Look
out 81.4th, front of barber and' grocery, •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. *
Old men often give advlca to younsr
men— and they also give up money to
confidence men occasionally.
A Book on San Francisco.
The Banta Fe has Just Issued * beautiful
booklet descriptive of San Francisco and vicin-
ity, lavishly Illustrated with artistic half-tones
and a number of up-to-date maps.
Copies may be had by Btn&lng 10 c«nti In
stamps to the General Agent. Santa Fe. at
641 Market street. San Francisco.
The Santa Fe to Tosnnlte.
Beginning May 1 Stoddard * Son will run a
dally sta«a line from Merced to Tosemlts Falls,
connecting with the California limited. Leav-
ing San Francisco at 9 a. in. to-day you ar»
at Tosemite Falls to-morrow afternoon at S.
The rate la $23 SO from San Francisco for tho
round trip, carrying you by way of Merced
big trees.
The beauty of checks and women are
judged from the same standpoint— fa c«
and figure. „.-.•:=
AUCTION SAXES.
By Eulllvan & Poyle— Monday. April 2S, at 10 o'clock, good
*-IH and business of Pullivan & Doyle, at 325 Sixth Bt.
Alears-r— "The Conqueror*."
Orand Ooera-houne— "Mr. narn^s of Xew York.
California — "A Ba.chelor'8 Romance."
Central— "Ten Ni*ht« in a Barroom."
Tivcll— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympia. comer Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer* 5— Vaudeville.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS*Woman Suffrage Is Defeated.
SPRINGFIELD. 111., April 28.— The Ab
bott •woman suffrage bill, granting wo
men the right to vote in township elec
tions, was killed in the . lower house of
the State Legislature to-day, the enact
ing clause being stricken out by a viva
voce vote."
Dr. Avery's Address Postponed.
Rev. Dr. Eugene H. Avery of the West
minster Presbyterian Church, Page and
Webster streets, did not deliver the ad
dress on "The Successful Young Man" last
evening as advertised, owing to the storm
affecting the attendance. Service was
held in the Sunday school and Dr. Avery
stated that the postponed adress would be
delivered next Sunday evening.
Will Give a Church Social.
The Young People's Christian Temper
ance Union will give a social this evening
at 8 p. m. in the parlors of the First Pres
byterian Church, Golden Gate avenue
and Polk street. Rev. H. H. Bell, pastor
of the church, will preside and a pleasing
musical and vocal programme will be pre
sented.
Reunion of Convent Alumnae.
The annual social reunion of the alumnae
of the Sacred Heart Presentation Convent,
Taylor and Ellis streets, will be held in
the convent hall on Sunday, May 19. The
officers of thealumnae for the ensuing year
are: President, Miss Mary L. Nolan; vice
president, Miss Lillian Powers: secretary,
Miss Elizabeth Ryan; treasurer, Miss M.
B. Mulcare.
PERSONAL MENTION.
D. Ray, a merchant of Gait, is at the
Lick.
George S. Jones of Grass Valley Is
staying: at the California,
Frank Smith, a merchant of Santa Bar
bara, is at the Lick, In company with
his wife.
William Hammond of Llvermore has
taken apartments at the Occidental with
his wife.
George W. Flcks, amusement director
of the Sacramento Street Fair, is a guest
at the Grand.
J. D. Farrell, president of the Pacific
Coast Company at Seattle, is registered
at the Palace with his wife.
WASTED LIFE FLICKERS
OTJT AT POKER TABLE
Mark I*. King Found Unconscious in
Cafe Royal. and Death Soon
Ensues..
Mark Ll King:, an old man who has been
frequenting the Cafe Royal for years and
playing poker with the money he receiv
ed In charity, was found unconscious in a
chair at a poker table about 4 o'clock yes
terday morning by Sp%cial Officer "W. J.
Shields. He was carried outside and the
ambulance summoned from the Emer
gency Hospital, but before It reached the
scene the old man had breathed his last.
The body was removed to the Morgue.
King was 64 years of age, and was at
one time a government assayer. It la re
ported that he was a son-in-law of Cap
tain R. R. Thompson, a capitalist of this
city, but that he had been discarded by
the family years ago owing to his disso
lute habits. He lived at the Bonanza
House, paying 10 cents a night for his
room, and ho was in arrears for his rent.
The autopsy was made by Dr. Louis
Bacigalupl last night, and death was
found to have resulted from chirosis of
the liver.
• *.< • -:• , r*
Gonzaleski and Gordelli. to
Be Brought From Los. .
Angeles.
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
Saturday from Chief Elton of Los Ange
les that the last named had been unable
to hold Julia Gonzaleski and Francisco
Gordelli on the charge, of grand larceny
for stealing jewelry from the residence of
Atcrltz Meyberg there, as n» trace of the
stclen jewelry had been found.- Elton sug
gipted that the prisoners should- be
brought here for trial. . ?
Detectives McMahon and Reynolds were
instructed by Captain Seymour yesterday
morning to go to Los Angeles; and bring
the two prisoners here and they left bv
yesterday afternoon's train. '
The woman was employed for a few
days as a nurse- by Mrs. Catherine Kspl
no7a, 2400 .Harrison street, and on March
21. while the family was temporarily ab
sent, she and Gordelll, her accomplice,
gathered together all the Jewelry hi the
house, valued at several thousand dol
lars, and $450 in coin and tied. They were
traced to the Lombard! Hotel on Broad
way by the ¦detectives, but the officers
were too late, as the thieves had disap
peared, leaving an empty trunk behind
them.
Nothing 1 was heard of the woman and
her confederate till Aprih'14, when Cap
tain Seymour w^s notified that a man and
a woman answering the description of the
pair had been arrc-sted in L,os Angeles for
stealing jewelry from the Meyberg resi
dence. The woman gave her name as
Julia Card and the man. said his was
Alfred Gatia. When the man was
searched a quantity of Jewelry was found
In his possession and Chief Elton sent on
a detailed list of this and photographs of
the two prisoners, airs. Espinoza identi
fied the photographs as those of Julia
Gonzaleski and Francisco Gordelli and
also the jewelry as the' property stolen
from her residence. She at once swore
to warrants for the arrest of the pair on
the charge of grand larceny and Detec
tives McMahon and Reynolds have these
warrants.
It is believed that the woman and the
man have been' operating in other cities
in the same way. The woman, who is 23
years of age and prepossessing in appear
ance, secures a situation In a house and
at once sets about planning to rob It
with the assistance of Gordelll, who is a
man about 40 years of age. Captain Sey
mour will endeavor to obtain their rec
ords.
Detectives Go After the
Robbers of Espinoza
House.
THIEVES MUST
FACE ACCUSER
REDDING, April 28.— Charles Bairuther,
whose home is at' 13S1 Minna street, San
Francisco, where his family resides, but
who recently purchased a place on the
Upper Stlllwater in this county, upon
which to live in an effort to escape the
pain of asthma from which he suffered,
was accidentally shot Saturday after
noon. He died five hours later. News of
the affair reached Redding this after
noon. It is not known how the accident
occurred.
Two dispatches were received yesterday
by Bairuther's family at 1381 Minna
street. One told of the accident and the
SUBMITTED TO SEARCH
BY CUSTOMS INSPECTOB,
Prince Henri da Croy of Belgium
Had Jewelry on Which the Duty
Was Not Paid.
NEW YORK,. April 28.— The Times will
say to-morrow: As Prince Henri de Croy
of Belgium, who arrived in Hoboken on
the Holland- American liner Potsdam, yes
terday (Sunday) morning, was preparing
to leave the pier he was accosted by Cus
toms Inspector Andrew McCort and in
formed that an examination of his per
son would be necessary. As a result of
that examination the Inspector found a
magnificent emerald and diamond brace
let, a gentleman's ring, two angora
shawls and three snuffboxes. The Prince
was not detained and Is supposed to have
gone to Washington.
Three trunks and two valises made up
the Prince's luggage. These had been ex
amined and passed by Inspector James
Martin, and the Prince, thinking the or
deal with the inspectors at an end, was in
the act of taking his departure when Mc-
Cort detained, him and escorted him to
the cabin on board the Potsdam, where
he was searched. If it is shown that the
Prince is merely on a visit to this coun
try and had no Intention of smuggling the
articles they will be returned to him.
Lumber Lost in the Flames.
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— A storehouse
and 300,000 feet of lumber, belonging to the
Union Hive and Box Company, was de
stroyed by fire this afternoon, entailing a
loss of about $11,000, fully covered by In
surance. The flames were fanned by a
stiff breeze and in. direct line with the
flying sparks was the mill building of the
company containing a million feet of sea
soned and highly Inflammable lumber and
littered with piles of shavings. Only the
rr.cst heroic efforts on the part of the
firemen saved this building and the lum
ber yard of the F. J. Ganahl Lumber
Company /. .
The family consists of the wife and
five sons and daughters. Mr. Bairuther
had been living on the ranch on the Upper
Stlllwater for a year. He was 47 years
old. , ,
other, received shortly afterward, of the
death. Neither gave any particulars.
John Bairuther. a son of the victim of
i? e .air agedy ' left yesterday afternoon for
Kedding to take charge of his father's
body.
Charles Bairuther paid his family a
short visit two weeks ago, and just before
his return to his ranch he had a peculiar
premonition of his death. The last night
he spent in San Francisco— Tuesday
night, April- 16— he awoke with the ex
clamation to his wife, "some one has shot
me!" He had dreamed that he was shot,
and so strong an Impression did 'the
dream make that he was unable to sleep
during the remainder of the night. How
ever, he returned to the ranch In a cheer
ful mood and in excellent health.
enjoyed a profitable run and has been a
source of much pleasure to Tivoli patrons.
* * * .
The Columbia Theater will reopen next
Monday night with a very strong attrac
tion in James A. Hearn's production of his
new play, "Sag Harbor." From all ac
counts the author has turned out as
clever and attractive a play as his former
success, "Shore Acres," and the company
appearing In the p^ay is said to be one
of exceptional strength.
* * ' *
"The Conquerors," at the Alcazar, is
still playing to standing room only nnd
will be the bill this week and possibly
next at the popular little theater. It is
unquestionably the strongest bit of "work
the Alcazar company has put up since —
possibly since "The First Born": not that
it in the least resembles that tragedy of
the Orient but the play has the same
grip and sheer truth of inspiration, and
the company has grasped the situation.
It is to be repeated that it Is not meet
for the matinee girl. ¦
* • ¦ '•
The Grand Opera-house this week offers
Archibald Clavering Gunter's play, "Mr
Barnes of New York." There will be a
special J matinee . on -Dewey day, "Wednes
day next. Florence Stone and Jack Web
ster will assume the leading roles and
will be effectively supported by Morosco's
new stock company.
• • • -
The Central Theater presents this week
the great temperance play. "Ten Nights
In a Barroom." and a most realistic and
up to date production is promised by the
management. A novel feature will be a
saloon raid by a mob of angry women,
led by one Miss Carriatlon. Where have
we seen that name before?
• •* •
G. S. Wanrell. La Mont Juvenile Com
pany, Maybelle Bowman, Golden West
comedy trio. Gus Leonard. Thatcher and
Cnenoweth and Paraskova Sandolln. are
Hscher's entertainers of the week The
musical part of the programme, in the
hands of G. S. Wanrell and Miss Paras
kova Sandolin, is particularly well looked
after.
• * • - -
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes -Maud Mclntyre, in her
original Impersonation of Mrs. Carrie Na
tion; Otto Johnston, in feats of magic-
Fairbanks brothers, club jugglers; McKnv
and Lawrence, sketch, artists; the Cal
lenders, in new songs; Mtrian Ainsworth
In character changes: La Llsta, In danc
ing creations, and new moving pictures.
• • *
The three Malvern brothers and Jean
ette and her performing Australian birds
are at the Olympia.
CHARLES BAIRUTHER ACCIDENTALLY
SHOT AFTER PREMONITION OF DEATH
IN spite of the welcome deluge last
night the first performance of the
Neill engagement at the California
Theater comfortably filled the house
with an audience highly appreciative
of the good things in the first Neill offer
ing, "A Bachelor's Romance."
The Neill season last year was evidently
well remembered by the audience and as
evidently pleasantly remembered. Each
member of the company was given hearty
j greeting— James Neill himself, Miss
; Edythe Chapman, who is as pleasing as
ever; Julia Dean, whose work has
strengthened; Lillian Andrews, Frank
McVicars, and new members who have
joined the forces. Neill' gave the same
good portrait, quiet, finished, convincing,
of the bachelor whose romance forms the
subject of the play, as he did last year.
Beggs, his crusty secretary, Is played for
all Its dry, droll worth by John W. Bur
ton. Frank McVicars has a congenial op
portunity in the part of Mulberry, and
Frank E. Camp does good work aa the
black sheep brother of the bachelor, Ger
ald Holmes. Donald Bowles shows prom
ise in the small role of Savage, and Scott
Seaton does well what little he has to do
as Harold Reynolds.
The ingenue role of Sylvia is Miss
Dean's part, and Mies Dean has much Im
proved since last year. She Is a dainty
Sylvia, girlish, tender and frank, as the
playwright planned her. Edythe Chap
man of the charming voice is cast as
Helen le Grand, the worldly widow, and
is well seen and delightfully heard in the
part. Maud Gordon, a talented newcomer,
is a handsome young woman of fine stage
presence, and shows marked ability as
Harriet Leicester. Lillian Andrews is the
cantankerous Miss Clementina to the«llfe,
and the pretty comedy, wholesome, clean
and sweet, is a very welcome addition to
the dramatic fare of the day.
Mr. Neill paid his respects to the com
pany, audience and critics (of last year)
In a neat little speech after the third act,
after repeated curtain calls.
• • •
The Orpheum's headliner of the week is
the wonderful Agoust family, virtuosi in
the juggling profession. They juggle with
everything from an egg to a tureen of hot
soup, and are the artistic limit of their
trade. Mclntyre and Heath are good fa
miliar names: the clever Davis children
and Barnes and Sisson, Alf Grant, Mile
Adelaide, Clayton, Jenkins and Jasper
and the great Goldln are holdovers from
last week's bill.
• • •
"The Idol's Eye" began its fourth week
at the Tivoll last night .with every seat
in the house taken. The production has
GROUP OP FOUR FASCINATING YOUNG ACTRESSES WHO ARE AP
PEARING NIGHTLY IN THE PRODUCTION OF "THE IDOL'S EYE"
AT THE TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
IGNORES NOTIFICATION
OF THE INJUNCTION
Manager of Clark Eailway Force at
TJvada Awaits Official
Service.
SALT LAKE, April 28.-According
to a Herald special from Uvada, Utah,
Cclonel Maxson, who Is in charge of the
Clark forces on the disputed right of way
near Uvada, was to-day served with
notice by the representatives of the Ore
gon Short Line that an Injunction had
beer. Issued by the United States Court
at Carson City, Nev., prohibiting the San
Pedro Company from Interfering with the
Shcrt Line in its construction of a rail
road between Uvada, Clover Valley Junc
tion and Ploche. Colonel Maxson refused
to accept service on the ground that the
order lacked official Identity and at once
dispatched word to his men at the front
to ignore the order.
The Clark forces, however, are prepare
ine to yield gracefully to their rivals as
soon as the United States Marshal serves
official notice. Until that time, they de
clare, they will hold every Inch of ground
they now possess, even at the risk of a
fight. In this decision they are upheld
by the officials of the Clark interests in
Salt Lake and Los Angeles, who have
telegraphed them to make no further con
cessions.
BEAUMONT, Tex., April 28.-Two new
oil gushers were struck here to-day. The
first is on what is known as the Gladys
City property. It was permitted to spout
or.ly a few minutes, when, after proving
itirtlf the equal- of any of the others, the
valve, which had been previously ar
rcrged, was closed and the How stopped.
KANSAS CITY. April 28.— Foreign
stockholders of the Port Arthur L»and
Company have interposed an objection to
the bale of 28.0W) acres of land at I'ort
Arthur. Tex., negotiated last week, ac
cording to local oillcials of that company.
•Nejrouatlons for the sale of the land,
which lies around Port Arthur and be
tween that city and Beaumont, were prac
tically consummated In Kansas City last
¦week for a sum said to have beeen $250 an
acre. The prospective buyer was W\ J.
McKle of Corslcana, Tex., said to lie the
legal representative in Texas of the Stan
dard Oil Company. The property is in
the hands of K. L. Martin, Arthur E.
Stilwell and J. SIcD. Trimble of this city,
former owners of the Kansas City, .Pitts
burs and Gulf Railroad, as trustees.
These officials .assert that they have full
power to dispose of the property. Mr.
Martin confirms the sale of an undivided
half Interest in the land, but said:
"Some one seems to have wired some
of the foreign stockholders In the com
pany that we were about to give away a
good thing. They notified us not to de
liver the deeds until they had further in
formation on the subject. In the mean
time, however, the deeds had been sent to
Corsicana, but we telegraphed the bank
there to hold them until further notice."
Mr. Stilwell declined to discuss the de
tails of the deal. He says, however, that
the result of it would be the centering of
the oil industry of Texas in Port Arthur.
One Proves Itself the Equal
of Any That Have Been
Struck.
Drills at Beaumont Re
lease Two Flowing
Strearrts.
NEW GUSHERS
SPOUTING OIL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 29, l<)01.
James Neill Warmly Welcomed—. 4 'The Con
querors" Still Drawing Well at the
Alcazar — Big Card at the Orpheum
"BACHELOR'S ROMANCE"
FILLS THE CALIFORNIA
5
t Strictly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott
&CO.
Diseases and
Weakness of
MEN ONLY
By far the greater number of patients seek-
ing relief for so-called weakness are strong
robust men in every other respect. Our theory
that Impotency, Prematureness, etc.. are not
' weaknesses but the symptoms of inflammatory
¦ processes in the Prost&te Gland (so called neck
of bladder) caused by contracted disorders and
' early dissipation, la now being adopted by the
leading specialist* of the world, and that bug-
bear, • "Weakness of Men." Is removed from the
list of Incurable disorders. Even the layman
can understand that tonics cannot cure Inflam-
mation, and these cases, under their adminis-
tration, go from bad to worse. Under our
local plan of treatment, directed toward re-
ducing the enlarged and swollen Prostate, im-
mediate results, as indicated by increased cir-
culation and renewed strength, are observed.
Our colored chart of the organs, which we
send free on application, is interesting to any
one 'wishing to study the anatomy of the malt
997 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TH3
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
AND THE NEILL COMPANY.
By Special Request. Sol Smith Russell's
Greatest Comedy Hit,
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
During the NEILL Engagement SPECIAL I
BARGAIN MATINEES— THURSDAYS— I
PRICES. 23c and , 50c. j
EVENINGS 85c, Joe. 60c. 75c. $100
SATURDAY MATINEE 25c. 50c, 75c
NEXT WEEK — Augustin Daly's fine comedy
success— "THE- LOTTERY OF LOVE."
In Preparation '¦BARBARA. FRIETCHIE"
TO-NIGHT BEGINS SECOND WEEK.
MATINEE WEDNESDAY,
Dewey Day.'
THE CENTURY SUCCESS,
THE
CONQUERORS.
A $1.60 ENTERTAINMENT FOR 60c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Maud Mclntyre, Otto Johnston, La
Lista, McKay and Laurence, the
Callenders, Fairbanks Brothers,
Mirian Ainsworth, New Moving
Pictures.
LEAH MAY, the Giantess.
AMATEUR NIGHT. THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUtS.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more "races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
13:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric - cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes. .
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secratary. .
TTTCfJlipD'C CONCERT, HOUSE.
rldLrfl£<n O Admission IOc.
G. S. Wanrell. La Mont Juvenile Co., May-
belle Bowman. Golden West Comedy Trio, Gus
Leonard, Thatcher and Chenoweth and Paras-
kova Sandolln.
Reserved seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
GOLD CROWNS
$5.00.
Durable crowns of 22 K. gold and
natural-looking porcelain crowns,
warranted for twenty years.
Chalmers Dental Co.,
dc"?rcd. f 133 Powell St.
OCEAN TKA.TTEL.
Pacific t Coast iSteamshlp Co.
Ife NOME
"Mj^J GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mlshaD or material delay.
Fox 1 passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery Street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Acts..
10 Market Street.
NORTHERS COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
Sailing Dates Approximate Only.
From San Francisco: From Seattle:
•"Dora" May 1 May 7.
**ConemauRh"...May 25 June 10.
"Portland" May 29
"St. Paul" Juna 1 June 8.
•"Dora" will satl via Juneau. Valdea, Kodlak.
Unga and XJnalaska.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
XORTHKRN COMMERCIAL CO..
»1» Sansome Street. San Francisco.
oceanics.s.eo.sjg
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Monday. April 29 at 11 a. m
SS. SIERRA (via Honolulu) for Samoa New '
Zealand and Australia .'.
Thursday, May 9, 10a.m.
SS. MAIUPOSA (Honolulu only).......
Saturday, May 18. 2 p. m.
J. D.SPBECXELS & BROS. CO., Eiaeral Agents, 327 Hartit St
gen'i Paittnpr Otfia, 643 Hafet St., rig to. 7, Pscifi; st
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "MontlceMo."
MON.. TUES.. WED.. THURS. AND SAT.,
at S:<5 a. m., 3:15. S:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays.
10:30 a. in-. > P- m. Landing and office, Mis-
slon-st. Dock, Pier No. i Telephone Main U0S.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '£*£;
TELEPHONE S^ffcjfiT
JOHtHsB"" «_as*'7al %0*%r VUl
222-224 SUTTER ST.
We have in stock small and con-
venient packages in the way of eat-
ables, also Forks. Knives. Paper
Napkins, Wooden Plates: in fact,
everything needed for your picnic
basket.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
MONDAY «TDESJ)AY..WEDNESDAY
Coffee. "Kona" fron ] $^ s wlcb Ib 2Cc
Roasted or tround. Reg. 25c.
We claim to sell the best Kona In the
city.
Lanndry £ oap 6 cakes 25c
Our celebrated "Old Family" large
cak<»s brttor than ever.
Itegularly 5 cakes 25c.
Brcom. Rt^ J 5 l c 3rly 2 r c
Made of best selected corn. Medium
vrel±txt,
Whisk Broom. l &3£tiZt v to £8; 20c
This Is an extra bargain. Limited
quantity.
Hammocks, with Spreader —
Regularly 11.00 75c
n*{rularly $1.2.-. JKI.OO
In arsorted colors.
Corn. "Cactus" R£ can IOc
KaFt^rn. dozen $1.1B
One of the best brands known.
Beer. "Bienzi"—
IWularly dot quarts $2.45 R2.10
Hepularly doz pints $1.OO £ 1 .."t."i
lirewed In Rochester. X. Y.. of the fln-
«pt lror>orted hops.
reviled Ham Rca 2 u 0^ rly \g in 15c
ExquiFite for sandwiches.
Bakin? Powder '^ Ib can 3Cc
Absolutely pure. Regularly '40c.
lai'Dp New Era" D^ *iC
Regularly 10c.
Fmit Svraps !££* qt hot 49c
Rp^ularly 50c.
Raspberry. Strawberry, Grenadine,
Pineari'l*". Lemon.
Lemoas K^eKsoc' doz IOc
L< man Squeezers Glass 15c
Towel Racks 1 ,^ 1 6tc
Recularly 75c.
l.ieSllng O |d White Wine gal 02C
Reg-ularly fl.OO.
Smoke Lebenbaurn's Fine Cigars.
OCEAN TRAVEL ¦
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» Steamers leave Broadway
Hhifc wharf, San Francisco: -
IvgSh^- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
'vhSSSK. AprU a< 26> May x - Chan ee to
0}§3KjcHK Company's steamers at Se-
« SfiKSiH Val For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
?! t£S*w^Sl*1 c ->- Port Tctmsend, Seattle,
[jr - H^B ! a\ Tecoma, Hverett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. April 2L 26, May land
every fifth day thereafter. Chance at Seattle
for this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.:
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— J p. m.. April
1$ 13 S*. May J. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Dlejro. stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Anjreles and Redondo flx>s An-
celer)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
eteamer Fanta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. C«y-
tjeos Port Harford <San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Eaft Pa" F > « Jro 'Los Anreles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. in.; steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesday*. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada. Masdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Par, Eanta Rosa-
lia «nd Guaymaa <Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each
month*
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th« right to change
rteatners. ealllr.r dates and hours of sailing
•without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — I New Montgomery
etreet 'Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Acts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
point* East. Throu&h tickets to all
prints, all rail or steamshiD and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
ES COLUMBIA Balls Apr. IS. 23. May S
BS. GEO. W. ELnER. Sails Apr. 8. IS, JS. M»y 8
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
1 Montgomery St., S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
KIW T05K. 8CUTH*Jn»T0N. LONDON. PARIS.
Ptorrlnr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Pt. Paul May 8! St. Paul May *9
Ft. LouiF May lr. St. Louis June S
New York May 22 New Tork June 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New Tork Every Wednesdey. 12 noon.
Friesland May S Kensington May
Seuthwark May IS Zetland June 5
Pennland May 2 Frlesland June 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPAVT,
CHAP. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, SO Montgomery st
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board, oa day
of sailing.
BS. NIPPON MARIT Friday. May J, 1901
BS. AMERICA MARU-.Wednesday. May 29. 1901
ES. HONGKONG MARU.. Saturday, June 22. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's otflca.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA VAPO^B^
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
etreet wharf, 12 m.
PERU May SIPALENA May 30
GUATEMALA .May 15 LO A June 12
These steamer* are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger 6erviee. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
pafsenR-er offic*. Si* California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R. Sp§
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. *1O5; Steerace. 940.
6. S. Arfcvll calls Saturday, May 11
5. 6. satis Monday, May 20
6. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, June 3
From Harrtson-st. Wharf. 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger of nee. S30 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
N. A. T. <fe T. CO
TELLER. ST. MICHAEL and all TUKON
RIVER POINTS.
From San Francisco.
ES. ROANOKE Sails May 15
BS. SANTA ANA Sails — —
For tickets or freight space write or apply
UNION TICKET OFFICE.
630 Market Et., S. F.
COKPAGKIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »-*.
fealllr.g every Thursday. Instead of «$*TrCfl>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, -^¦affvS*
North River, foot of Morton street. First data
to Havre. {3 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. SJ
Broadway (Hudson buildins:). New Tork. J. F.
Fl'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 6 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets eold by
all 'Railroad, Ticket Agents.
t . ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Toilet Delight
If Ycu Have Chapped Hands or Lips, TRY IT! If You Have Rough \
Hands, TRY IT! If You_ Have Facial Blemishes, TRY IT!
If Ycu Wish to Improve Your Complexion, TRY IT I
If Ycu Have Dandruff or Any Scalp Disease,
TRY IT! If You Want the Eest
Toilet Soap Ever Made,
TRY IT!
IT IS ABSOLUTELY PURE ENOUGH TO EAT.
Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap is a triumph of scientific soap preparation. IT
IS FREE from those poisonous animal fats from which most toilet soaps are
made. IT IS FREE from those destructive alkalies which burn, torture and
irritate the skin. Large size cakes 15c. Trial size 5 cents. «»
If you have rheumatism, try Munyon's Rheumatism Cure: if you have dys-
pepsia, try his Dyspepsia Cure: if you have kidney disease, try Kidney Cure-; if
you have a cold, try nis Cold Cure: .f you have a Bore throat, try his Sora
Throat Cure; if you have headaches, try his Headache Cure: If you have liver
trouble, try his Liver Cure. Professor Munyon has prepared a specific remedy
for most every disease with ¦which' anybody can doctor and cure himself. They
are mostly 25 cents each: at all druggists. If you have any disease of the head,
nose, throat or lungs, try Munyon's Inhaler. It will positively cure Catarrh.
Colds, Grip. Bronchitis, Influenza, Asthma. Two kinds— r 'hard rubber" and "grlaaa
Family." Price $1.00 each (including all medicines). If you need free medical ad- '
vice write to '.
BROADWAY AND 26th STREET, NEW YORK.
jfity Jpa m^m &W Mr wSeW
wf m M&F M$w EB jBfiy M&3 Mr JQnr
Wffl In the Schlitz brewery you will find a plate glass room. In it |&
)S are cooling pipes, over which the hot beer drips. Above it is an j^
JjnVfl air filter, ana no air comes into this room save through that filter. pj/
f&lSf No germs can reach beer handled with such rare caution. Mg|
§F§Sj But, after the beer is aged, we filter it, then bottle and sealit, Kg
vtf^J then sterilize every bottle. ££«
||5gjj We take triple precautions because beer is a saccharine ftf!
fjCt product. Impurities multiply if they get into it. There is no BMj
%\$a grade between absolute purity and utter impurity. . i. 1 .
ISga Every bottle of Schlitz is absolutely pure, and purity is pp
3&M healthfulness. Your physician knows — ask him. §£>•)
g£tt«j 'Phone Main HI, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., San Francisco. Bjif
AMUSEMENTS.
THBAGMB OP UP-TO-DATE VAUDEVILLE
THE GREAT
Apust Family.
Mclntyeand Heath.
BARNES AND SISSON, ALF GRANT.
CLAYTON. JENKINS AND JASPER, MLLE.
ADELAIDE. THE GREAT AMERICAN
BIOGRPH.
Last Week of THE GREAT GOLDTX.
Reserved Seats 25 cents. Balcony 10 cents.
Opera Chairs and Box Seats 50 cents.
Matlneeg Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
*TJVPLI*
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"IT CONTINTTES TO BE THE POPULAR
FAVORITE."
THE
H U H m 11 H ** rl iSiSr k
» "HOOT MON."
•THE TOT MAKER"— N'ext Production.
First Time in Thla City.
POPULAR PRICES 2So and Mo
Telephon»-Buah I.
Beginning TO-NIGHT. I
all this week j TEN
Extra Matinee niqhtS
Bewey Day. | IN A
Wednesday, May 1st. 1
Regular Matinee Sat- BAR
urday and Sunday. i
Prand Revival of the DOOM
*reat melodrama > «V V -» l -'m-
PUlfCC EVENINGS 10c, 13c. Kc. Sac. 60o
ralWCd MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25o
NEXT WEEK— THE OCTOROON.
grand* opeira house
COMMENCING MONDAY ET7ENINO.
SPKCIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY —
(DEWEY DAY).
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER,
supported by our new stock company. In Arch-
ibald Clavering Gunter's great play,
MR. BARNES OF
NEW YORK. -
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 60c. A Few Seats. 73a.
Good, reserved seat In orchestra. Saturday
and Sunday Matinees. 23c
Branch Ticket Offlcw Emporium.
PHI IIUDIA SM FBASCISCO'S
UUJLUafisSIH ieaowb theatre -
RE0PENIN6 NEXT MONDAY.
FIRST TIME HERE OB"
THE GREAT SUCCESS,
C A g James A. Berne's
h3rVVJ New Play.
HARBOR!
Alan Dale said—" 'Sag Harbor* Is delightful."
Chicago Times-Herald— "Greater than 'Shoro
Aer»s.* "
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY.
'?PALACE HOTEL**
Vliitora to San Francisco who raako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American *nd European plans.
»GRAND HOTEL*
Weekly Call, $1 per Year1st. 2d. 3d.
Charley White 7-10
Jack Welch 3
1'hll Wand 2Va
Hiram Cook 2
It will I all bo over by this afternoon and
the referee announced. Jim Kennedy, the
matchmaker for the Twentieth Century
Club, says with mouth well drawn and
tenso eyes: "The referee of the McGovern-
Gnrdner light before the Twentieth Centu
ry Athletic Club on Tuesday eVening,
April SO, will be a local man." There were
seYeral kinds of clothing bet on White
against the field, even after Kennedy
made his official declaration.
The spectators at the light will not have
an opportunity of hearing the great and
DUDES BEAT WASPS
ON OAKLAND GROUNDS
Local Team Finds Ewing's New
Pitcher in an Inning and Then
¦ . ' Babbitt Goes In.
The rain which falls upon baseball
grounds as well as grain .fields 'cut tho
local fanatics to the oulck yesterday. The
grounds were too sloppy and the rain too
Insistent for an afternoon, gamo, but over
nt Oakland soven Innings of tho morning
game wero played and the Dudes won by
a scorn of 7 to 6.
In the third inning Oakland hnd a quiet
run-making time. Four of tho Brummela
crossed the rubber, going and coining, duo
to the errors of Nordyke, who thought he
was playing second base. The score then
read 6-1, but was soon tlod, however.
ln tho fourth, with all the sacks crowd
ed. Josh Itoillv hit a swift one to center,
which Drennan passed. The ball was lest
nnd tho bn«8 wero elenred. When the tn-
HinK c!oped tho score was 0 to 3,
After this Uusaetl was cjoctod from the
Vox nnd Habhttt nut In his pl>too, Oak
land's winning run enmo In tho fourth,
The aoovo;
SAN PHANOISCO,
An. n, im, pn, ro, a. sx
HilJerbrHnd, cf a 0 u 0 a 0 0
('roll, rf ,.,. 4 0 1 0 8 0 0
Krug. •. « a 0 0 0 8 1 0
Jloiimvi, If...,..,..., a l » » § 0 0
I'ttbm, u> a a 5 « a J 0
Or*l\«nv 0,,.....,..,. I \ 0 0 £ \ \
Nw1yk«, ih,.,, ...... 8 1 8 0 1 4 »
J. UeUly, 8b a I } « I « J
ghw, p, ,...,..,.,.... a 0 1 J J J j
Tfltnls ....... .....M 1 1 1 »' 1 1
•On? mm out In sevpnth Inning wh^n giune
was »miif»i. •._¦
OAKIMNIX
ah. n. mr, ga ro, a, b,
nwnnan, ef.. ........ » I J \ ? \ I
v\m\*kK «. *> • a e 1 0 ? a §
Art'«»llB.n«>», Sb.. ...... * 1 1 I J 8 0
HtwIK ID. 8 1 § 0 « 0 0
Dunlpkvv,, If.,.,..... 8 3 8 1 » •' •
Miwi*. 4»>.. ........... 4 0 1 g 1 1 g
Monkllnttn, rf.. ...... 4 1 1 g 1 S g
tmhmnit, 0........... 1 1 0 04 a • e
Itufftelt, p.....,.,,.., 10 0 0 0 0 0
UabbltU p........... 1 0 0 0 0 1 Jl
Totals V 1 1 1 « » I
miNB AND 1J1T8 BY IKN'tNGB.
Ban Fmncl8Co.».,,.. l ., t ......O 10 6 0 0 0— J
Bwtmminf Zlaoei.
The swimming rae«>8 Bt Butr© baths re
sulted y§Bterday &a fellews:
6»>.yafd raee— T. Ilalsten nmt, C. RelllBi tee
ei Untler watsr BWimmtnf=J. Murphy flrit, C.
Ll T^b R*y fir«t, J. BulUvan •eeend,
A i00- t ?ahi h race-W. Mark* first, J. Fandy see-
Dn^jrlngboard dlvinr-C, Macy first, M. Lan«
ie H°lgh' dlvlng-T. Bundburg first, J. Iverson
eeeond.
Empire Gun Shoot.
At the Empire Club's shoot at Alaraeda
Point yesterday only a part of the scores
were shot through in the Sweeney record
modal, and the Allen handicap had to be
postponed on account of the rain. Webb
made the highest score for the day for
tho Sweeney, medal, which Is also the
highest average for the season ln
this event. Taking Into consideration
that he was obliged to shoot five birds
from the 16-yard mark and five from the
IS, and was able to break three
pnlrs of doubles and the first bird of the
fourth pair from the 20-yard mark, he
certainly did srood shooting by making a
consecutive run of 17 breaks. Scores for
tho several events that were completed
aro as follows;
First T*n-bird pool— Chestnut 7, Cullern 7.
Swales *, LaMotte «, need 6. Allen 5, Fish 8.
Oorden 10, Justor 8, Miller 9, Hoyc* 5. Hicks
«, Wllklns 6, Kmlgh «. Frank 6, Kaucr 8,
Ten birds— Chestnut 1«, LaMottn >, need 8,
Cullen 7. Hwales lrt, Juster «. Hloks 5, La-
Motto 8. Kmlgh 10. Webb 10, Kmlgh «. Frank
7 HreKK \ Ireland T, llauer T, Bwales 7,
Frank 7. .luster 7.
Klftcen-blrd pool, entrance $1, three classes—'
Ftah IS, LaMotte 15, Webb IS, tiorden 10,
rh*«tnut \\ KmtKh ». Walker >. LaMotte.
Webb »nd Chestnut divided flrat money, Fish
took aecnnd and tJorden third.
Fifteen blnl»-l.«Mi>tte It, Miller 13, noyc«
TwtmtVnva birds— t.aMott« tX Allen JlTre-,
land 81, Wwates U, Jxister 1ft, Moyoe \*, Miller
id, IHi liny s \\ Rmlth. \\ NVebh W. RmUh H
Un »tiMnpt' w»« Tn«d» to rim Ihromh the
jUwweney rwnrt event b\it owln» <a »n« T*ln
thu niRtPh wan postponed, Th« » p «5r*«i «t
{W wh© shot «r« »• frtllown! Bwalea 19,
Ir*lan4 1, I*Molte W'ehh 17, Hauer L
Oakland track will reopen' this after
noon for the final meeting of the racin?
scas-on. The stronu trade winds proved a
great drawback to Tanforan and the
change to the pretty course_across tho
bay will be welcomed by all. The unusu
ally attractive card offered is evidence
enough that there are still many good
horses here.
Tim Murphy, one of the keenest of the
blgr turf plungers, departed for Chicago
yesterday. During the earlier part of the
season Tim made life a burden for Albert
Simon and Sam Hildreth as well, bidding
up every horse owned by the two train
ers mentioned that won a selling race.
Caesar Young recently became the pos
sessor of tho two shifty pefrformers Eonic
and Princess Tltanla, paying? Ab Stemler
?2000 for the pair. .
From all accounts Joe Plgrgott la ridinsr
in very pood form at Aoueduct track.
Now York. He quite recently put It on
Bullman a head ln a hard drive.
The Caruthers & Shields sale will take
place to-morrow In the paddock of the
Oakland racetrack. Kins Carnival. Han
dlcapper. Prejudice. Dangerous Maid.
Ravelins. Qutbo. Bob Palmer, Antafcone.
Sir Kingston and Sweet Voice comprise tlie
stable offered for sale.
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and,, up; selling:
2207 Yodel 104 2332 Luca 104
2142 C.H.Harr'sn Jr.llS 2334 Sweet Voice....118
2350 Triple Cross....104 2068 Peeralong .../...106
23.10 Rasp 106 2320 I Don't Know. .121
2330 Cambaceres ....1(» 220S Bagdad 11*
2332 Berendos 109 £097 Irate 104
Second race —Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
2333 Snowberry 110 2213 Estado 113
23S7 Escalante 113 (2119)Glendenning ...110
2S21 Clear Sky 110 2232 Tyranus 11]
(2O94)Dr. Scharff 113 2141 Tomplon lla
2339 Parizade 113
Third race— Seven furlongs; three-ycar-clds
and, up; selling:
2343 Doll. Welthoff.lOO|(2157)Horton 114
(2327)Eonlc 100 23-»8 Andrattus 102
2344 Compass 100 1 2310 Herculean 109
Fourth race— Six furlones; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
2364 Prejudice 107 2273 Yellowtall 112
('364)Frank Bell ltt 2330 Headwater 114
234S Gibraltar 117 2348 Ada N 102
2176 Rio de Altar... 102 2386 Beau Ormonde.107
2294 Articulate 107 2364 Hagerdon 114
Fifth race — Mile and a sixteenth; four-year
olds and up; selllns:
2313 Gauntlet 110 2306 Spike 103
2262 Cromwell 110 (2145)Stromo 107
(23C6)Alicla 105 233R Dr. Bemays....lCC
2*S2 Sir Kingston 1C3 2M7 Sunello 103
2331 Cue 10ti 2132 Castake llt>
(2361)Goldone 109 2347 Malay 1C3
(2342)Wyoming 113
Sixth race — Five and a half furlonga: tnree
year-olds and up; selling-:
233S Mldlan 121 228S La Calm*. 104
2305 Cerro Santa 106 2310 Gaylon Browa..lO<J
2338 William F 11? 1377 Bonltary 104
2334 Simon D 121 2344 Chaste 1«4
2356 First Shot IIS Llndo US
2320 Katie Walcott.116 23J0 Mam. Hllilreth.lfi4
Probable Winners.
First race —I Don't Know, Luca. Caznbaeeres.
Second race—Dr. Scharff, Glendenala;. Part
zade.
Third race —Horton, Eonlc. Dollie Welthotr.
Fourth race—Articulate. Frank Bell. Head
water.
Fifth race—Malay, Wyoming. GoMone.
Sixth race—Simon r>. William F. Mamie HII
dreth.
Tim Murphy, the j Plunger,
Departs for the East.
Piggott in Form.
REOPENING OF
OAKLAND TRACK
0 t
An Attractive Array of
Mudlarks Will Do
Dress Parade.
CIVUIBH OF 8AU8AHT0
YA0HT8MBN CALLED OFF
Main Hull ot Bnn FvnnQigoo
OlubUouie.
Visitors Rnjoy t\n Xnfonnnl JlnUa in
TIip opening cruUe of the Btm Franelieft
Yacht Club \vft& defiMifu' ypgteru'ay on m>
count of tho funuheagterly etorin. The
yaelHumen were «ll on ham! am! rearty,
l»vu at 10 o'clock the signal "Cruise nest*
poiifU" was BPt en the rU\gBhlp~ itamona*
A lnrgo fleet of pleABUi** yachts lay nt nil*
chor tiff the 8nn i<Vanel8Co Club hoU(*e (
ptmJnlntf at their lwoortngB androekliiff
to amt rm in tho heavy ncit. Many ladles
and visitors were ln tho elubhouee, and in
order to nfford them some diversion nn
infoim.il Jinks wns given ln the main hall.
McGOVERN and Gardner are
ready for their fight. They
have fUtishcd their training
and are In such Sound physi
cal condition that only the
lightest limbering up exercises will
henceforth bo attempted. Gardner weighs
122 pounds, Terry 123^2, both within the
limit prescribed ln the articles of agree
ment. So all that remains is the weighing
in and the selection of the ""referee. The
first is a simple process and will take
place at Harry Corbett'a saloon at 3 'clock
Tuesday afternoon. The referee— that is
a knot to untie. The managers and fight
promoters will put their heads together
this afternoon and talk one another dry
over the selection.
Some wise young man at Corbett s last
night, while looking over the Held of ref-
Mrs. H. II. Carlton— Tremont. Princess of
Avondale; W. 8. Kendall, Meg. ;•£
Dachshunde— Professor Strasburger, I.lsel ;
"U' S. Martin— Snook, Hex M. Amsel. Waldeln
Frau; Dr. Uunnel, Gretchon. IlolR-a, Hecla.
Fox terriors'-S. Armstrong. Fern wood Brier;
Mrs. II. H. Sherwood, Shandy Goff; C. H.
Horley— Kllckltat, Vibo. Warren. Sceptic. Lo-
Uta, Norfolk Queen. Dance. Carmcnclta. lone;
E. W. Joy. Casey Jj D. Hopan. -*fedan; J. II.
Hlbborn— Pttchley Valiant, l'ltchley Veteran;
AV. Hawley— MldnlBht, Ragtime; Woodlawn
Krnnels— Dictator, Fordham. Legs and l<>et.
Dottle. Lady Mosk. Kcllpse Blanch: W. P. Mil
ler Jr.. Scottle; .1. L. Flood. Coplaln: A. I.
Allen. Bobs; J. U. Martin— Powhattan Queen,
Golden Sunshine; E. C. Ford, Beauty F; W.
W. Moore. Vina l>Ue: Tliornhlll Kennels.
Thornhlll I^eynnrtlo; C. %V. Keyes— RidRewood
Tim, Htllcreut tVncer. Hlllcrest Fairy, Hlll
crest Bolace; Walter Magee. Calrnsmuir Gen-
Irlnh terriers— T. Howard, Quite* More; II.
n. Plllsbury. KndclllTe Tandstlcker; Mrs. W.
11. Hoopor, Pat Hi Wcnxllawn Kennels, Barney
F: 11. O. Ford, Virginia.
ruu»— J. Hourdnuin, Toady.
Yorkshire terriers— Mrs. J. F, Durrill, Prince
Maltese terriers— Mrs. A. A. Rol, Marble B;
Mm 8. Hnnd, Queenle R.
'!>«¦ te>rrl«>rB-\V, A. Burns— Nobby. Mussina;
Mrs. \\\n tfexton. Tiny; Mrs. R. K. Martin,
.lnpanrse spaniels— Mlsa C V, Henson, Jnppo;
Mrs. II. \V, Rpddan. Nippon.
Italian gr««> houniis-Mra. H, A, W'fRener,
ChlquUa,
Ohowa— ,T, J, Norton— T<ee Vttt, Lee Thlnj K,
TooHep. Chow.
N*mitn\aux~flonff T>'n». Churley,
THlUena Manx terrier— Mr», M, H, noberts,
Pewey, ' lii'' 1
erees, evolved the following 1 book, on
which, however, there was little play:
TERRY McGOVERN AND DANNY DOUGHERTY IN THEIR LAST BOXING BOUT BEFORE THE FIGHT OF
TUESDAY NIGHT. SOME OF THE VISITORS IN CHARACTERISTIC FACIAL POSES AS PORTRAYED BY
ARTIST "WARREN OF THE CALL.-
A popular novelist ia never a genius to
his stenographer.
Eastern Bnsebnll.
CHICAOO. April 28.— Two slnRles, a double
and a triple, followed by Oreen'a muff, gav«
the Cincinnati National LfiiBim team four
runs in the aixth inning. A base on balls
and a balk helped them to th« other two
runs and the game, Attendunce, MOO, Score;
Clubs- n, Jl. R,
OlttcnKO mininiiiiiiiniViiiiniin 4 10 1
Cincinnati .......,..•....•.<...<<•<. a u i
natterlea^OunnltiBtinin ft " 1 ' CUaneej Phillips
Rnd 1'elU, Umplre-'rtmaUe.
t PTCTnoiT. April W,=-(Am«rlp»n^-For the
third time In the opening aertwt with MUwmi»
«ee the home team won thin «ft«n\(wn with
ft great bauina rally In 1 the ninth Innln*.
waHlna fowr pon^emuive defeat* f«r the vl»l«
tw8, Peers 1
eiubifc- t\, IT, 8.
B?jK>V"i 19 IS i
nfttterlei-^evier, PflBK. Cronln, Itu«low and
MeAUIuierj fowling «.mi !.«vh»',
eilieAOO, April 8»,-ln the rr»P»nc# of !«,•
m *i>wtaters the American League *»h«m«
flons Rave euvelftnrt « thnMu«h »1r«t)bln#
lot leor"!^ 81 poundln|ft Uakef ftU om the
Clubs— n. it. a.
Chieaao w m a
Cleveland •.".»",.",!!!!.!!!,!!!!;;! t f
and BulllVani BaJtef and
only prodigy — among announcers — Joe
Humphreys; the young man with the va
riegated slang and the tin-horn voice.
Humphreys said he was willing to
do tho job, but — these are his own
words — "as it is a local custom that
Mr. William Jordan should appear within
the ropes and announce to the feverish,
breathless and palpitating multitude, the
identity of the gloved gladiators, I shall
withdraw in his honor. Never could man
give way to a better." Jordan was most
pleased to hear of Humphreys' magna
nimity. Since the latter arrived on the
scene Jordan has been wasting away out
of sheer fear that his ancient honors and
occupation would be torn from him.
Crowds gathered at both training quar
ters yesterday and saw the fighters in
their last work. Each man is confident
and satisfied that victory will wait upon
him Tuesday night,.
Base hits 0 2 14 0 0 0—7
Oakland l 14 10 0 0—7
Base hits 1 112 11 0—7
T, V/" SUMMARY.
Runs, responsible for— Shea 3, Russell 3,
Three-base hit— Nordyke. Two-base hlta—
Dunlcavy. Mosklmon. Holland. Pabst Sacri
flee hit— Russell. First base on errors— Oakland
2. First base on called balls— San Francisco 6,
Oakland 7. Left on bases— San Francisco 4
Oakland S. Struck out— By Shea 3. by Russell
1. by Babbitt 1. Hit by pitcher— J. Rcilly,
Holland. Double plays— Lohman to Francks,
Drennan to Babbitt to Lohman. Passed ball-
Graham. Wild pitches— Shea. Babbitt, 2. Time
of game— 2:00 hours. Umpire— J. O'Connell
Official scorer— H. a McFarlln.
Game Postponed.
SACRAMENTO, April 28>-On account
of rain the baseball came between the
IjOS Angeles and Sacramento teams was
postponed. v .;
MONDAY. APRIL 23.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
th? 1 m«t a Sir W^StlSr S ln * s*™* tottUda
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Lnited SUtes Coast and Geodetic .Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water» at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published . by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Soldier Green Fouls Rsilly.
Ph^r™ e^ Ot r* th^ vision over Soldier
? en +.°S Oaklan <l »rt the eleventh
tS £«$ \ "*?*»<> have been a twen
pSa^^'J 331 nl 8"t before the
Phoenix Athletic Club. He won on a fouL
tl^ ( 2ri7 Z SJ£S n ab^ «P° sl "°n of the tide*
tne early mornlnst tides are Riven In the left
of the day. except when there are but thre«
Hoe*, as sometimes occurs. The heights elv *n
XI Cf* 1 . Survey Charts, except when a
Si. ™mhi, pr « ce<les th « helsht. and th*n
SI .t, SIV l n ls su^ra««l from the depth
is th« ™ S h *r 8 ' The p!ane ot reference*
is the mean of trie lower low waters.
BAILED.
' Sunday, April 23.
Stmr Geo "W Elder, Randall. Astoria,
Btmr Fulton, Levlnson. » '• , '¦;'.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Caspar. .
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, Caspar.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, Tacoma.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
TJ S stmr Rosecrans, Dobson. Seattle.
Bark W B Flint, Johnson. Honolulu.
Bark Theobald, Cameron. Nanaimo.
Brig Geneva, Aaa, Bristol Bay.
Schr Sailor Boy. NIelson. Port Townaend.
Schr Eva. : Bjorstrom, Grays Harbor.
Schr Reliance. Larsen, Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 2S— 10 p. m.— "Weather
thick, wind southeast; velocity 40 miles per
hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in April 2S— Br
stmr Adato, from Portland, for Nanalmo; stmr
DlriR-o, from Alaska, for Seattle. ¦ ¦ ¦ ,.
EUREKA— Sailed April 27— Bktn Chchalls,
for San Francisco, In tow of tue Sea King.
Arrived April 2S— Stmr Eureka, hence April 26;
stmr Xcrth Fork, hence April 27. |
SEATTLE— Sailed April 27— Stmr Santa Ana,
for San Francisco. • .Arrived April 2S— Stmr
DlrlKO, from Alaska: stmr Garonne, hence
April 24.
PORT • LOS ANGELES-Arrived April 23-
Etmr Mineola. from Xanaimo; stmr Coronado,
from Grays Harbor.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived April 2S— Schr, Zajnpa.
from Umpqua: stmr San Pedro, hence April 26.
Sailed April 2S— Stmr Aberdeen, for San Fran
cisco; schr Alcalde, for . .
ASTORIA— Arrived April 2S— Stmr Signal,
"hence April- 23; April 2T— Br bark Hawthorn
bank, from MoHendo.- Sailed April 2S — Stmr
Columbia, for San Francisco.
COOS BAT-Arrlved April 2S-Stmr Arcata,
hence April 15. "> -:¦¦¦ . '
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived 'April 2S— Schr
Challencer. from Seattle.
which arrived from Calcutta Saturday,
was held in quarantine all of yesterday
and will not be released until this morn
ing. She has on board 12.000 bales of jute.
9365 bales of bags and burlap. 2S00 bags of
bone meal and 240 chests of shellac. This
enormous shipment will mean a reduction
In the price of grain sacks to the farmer
this year.
The Indrapura* is 3152 tons net burden.
400 feet long. 43 feet 2 inches beam and 2S
feet 3 inches deep.
"Water Front Notes.
The transport Rosecrans sailed for.Se
attle yesterday. She will be overhauled,
have a new refrigerating plant put In on
the Sound and then go to Nome.
The Queen arrived from southern ports
yesterday. Many of the Native Sons who
attended the Grand Parlor at Santa Bar
bara came home on her.
The steamer Brunswick put in to land
passengers yesterday morning and con
tinued her voyage during the afternoon.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, April 2S.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, . 14 hours from
Fort Braes. '
Stmr • Brunswick, Andresen. 42 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Ireland, 25 hours" from Moss
Landing. -s&S&ft
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
Stmr Queen, Thomas. 40 hours from San
r>lero. > . ¦ _
Stmr Bonita.'. Nopander, 62 hours from New
port and way ports. •¦"•¦¦ • ¦ ¦ «
Schr Monterey. Beck. 59 houra from Coos
Bay. ¦
slan, from Liverpool, for Quebec.
Steamer Movements.
OCBAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April »— Stmr Pots
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne; atmr La
Bretaeme. from Havre: itmr Trojan Prince,
from Leghorn, Genoa and Naples; atrar Pattia,
from Marseilles and Gibraltar.
LIZARD— Passed April 28— Stmr Minneapo
lis, from ¦ New York, for Southampton.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aorll . 2S — Stmr Bovlc,
from New York; stmr Gerog-ian, from New
York; stmr Rhyneland, from Philadelphia, via
Queenstown. Sailed April 2S— Stmr Corean.
frorr Glasgow, for St. John, N. F., Halifax.
N. ... and Philadelphia,
GIBRALTAR— Arrived April ¦»— Stmr Trave.
from Genoa and Naples, for New - York, • and
proceeded.'
LONDON— Arrived April 18— Stmr Manitou,
from New York. •
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 25— Stmr Etru
ria. from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed April 28 — Stmr
Southwark. from- Antwerp, for New York.
• MANTANEA— Passed April 27— Stmr Fart-
give the coasters the chance they have
been looking for nnd the next report may
be that of their arrival.
The change of wind did not suit Pilot
Tyson nor Captain de Kupper of the
French bark Brenn. The latter is ninety
eight days out from Newcastle. Australia,
and was sailing. in when the wind came up
strong, and tho pilot stood the bark off
shore.
The wind gathered in strength all yes
terday. At 8 a. m. it was only blowing
eight miles an hour;- at noon it had in
creased to twelve; at 3 p. m. it was blow
ing twenty-six mllesyand at 5 p. m. thirty
six miles an hour, and still increasing. It
was thought the breeze would bring the
Pacific Steam Navigation Company's
Peru, due from South and Central Amer
ican ports, along, but at sundown there
was no sign of her.
»
Is Quietly Married.
The many friends of George Kolb, chief
engineer of the transport Sherman, will
be surprised to hear that he has joined
the ranks of the benedicts. By everybody
he was considered a confirmed bachelor,
but Cupid was too powerful, and George
succumbed. As soon as the boys on the
transport wharf learn where he is making
his home they will serenade the bride and
ITroom. Chief Kolk Js one of the most pop
ular men In the service. , He was for
merly on the liOgan, but was transferred
to the Slocum. and a few weeks ago was
sent to the Union Iron Works to take
charge of the Sherman's engine room.
Indrapura Still in Quarantine.
The British tramp steamer Indrapura,
*»]|^3HERE are five overdue coasters
|| from which their owners would
I like to hear. The old barkentine
IL Monitor is now out thirty-six days
from Grays Harbor and she has
practically been plven up as lost. As Bhe
¦was lumber laden. It seem strange that no
trace of her has been left. No wreckage
has been reported, and yet It was an im
possibility for vessel and cargo to have
grone down entirely.
Besides the Monitor there are the
schooners Bella and the "Wingr and Wing;
bound for Siu^law River, and the May
flower and Paikersburv:. bound for Co
quille River. Of these the Bella and May
flower are both out twenty-six days, the
Wlnff and "Win* twenty-nine days and the
Parkersburs thirty-one days. It now be
clns to look cs though these vessels hud
rx»en driven off shore, and it may be an
ather wwk before they are heard from.
The schooner Confianza arrived at Co
qulllc River last week, after n run of
•leven da>-s. and the Nettie Sundborg at
Siuslaw. after a twenty days' run. Both
of these boats were short cf provisions, so
at Is safe to presume that there is % no sur
plus on the Bella. Mayflower. Parkersburs
«nd Wing and Win?. A year ago these
#chooners were long overdue Tat this Dort.
and the cr»w? «. f some or mem nsa to live
on sea pulls, while others were down to a
short allowance of beans. However. If
short commons is the worst that has to
be reported, things will not be as bad as
They rr.ijrM be.
Yesterday the wind chopped around
from northwest to southeast and storm
tltnais were hur.s out This change may
FOUR OVERDUE SCHOONERS ARE CAUSING OWNERS UNEASINESS
A younff mnn prldom bcllrvcn thnt ft
pirl mjovit n kips iinlepo he lint> It from
her own llpn.
Handball Games
At the San Francisco handball courts
yeaterday the following putum wero
Pl»>ed:
p. Mctntyre and P, McKlnnon,..,.;t M V\ 11
M, Method and M, McNeil,, ,,,,,,17 Ui tl 13
P, Farrell and J. Madden, ...,,,,,,,,.,tt tl St
.1, Umnlun nnd J. I'lirwnl 11 $0 l»
M, ntllon »nd O, Hutrhtnaon,.!! IS 81 |t f\
I". Kelly ctn.t T, Mi'Mnun ,,..it :i \: 1: i.»
j. oiynn *.nti n w»it», ,n t\ n u t\
1* H»rr«« «n<l A. WhUem«n,,,,W u il 3) l»
M. ,t.>v.« rtn.l Kit Whtia .,,,.. .., ;i ;i ii )% st
W, wit 111 ma nn4 I'. nui.'Hiiv- Mii.t 13 II 31 n
J, MeNamftr* und W, (njmmtni"«..,..,M Jt tt
J. Manntna? «iv\ f. nim,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,u 1, u
C*. Laktn »n4 T. FVUv. ........... .'.,« t\ ti t\
\v. Walth and J. Httuth.. in n l\ 13
.T. W'hlt« wid *5. Cur|i>y., ....... ,...S1 19 It Jt
J. C Ktalon and W. Ma«uir« 13 81 U If
M. M. Outhrt* *ni A Rmld ....« U i\.
<;. Troiitnrr and tt. M**<>r.. ............ 4 U 1
French game with two and one-halt Inch
ball:
A. Asulrre and Mons. Maguire Si M 31
J. Gonl and J. Bldart.. Jl 23
LIVE-BIRD SNOOT
IN THE STORM
San Francisco Gun Club
Holds Second Shoot
of Season.
Achilla Roos Does a Rare
and Novel Stunt as
Retriever.
NotT\1thstandinR Ihe inclemency of the
wcathrr tho trap-shooters of the San
FYnnclFoo Gun Club resorted to the live
l)lrd traps yosfrday for their second
»=hoot of the ne«t<on. !»:*,
A. Roo? Introduced a new and rather
(startling feature Into tho dny's perform
ance, limtead of waiting fi>r tho falthiul
dojf to retrieve Ills wounded birds he took
that office unon blnueU. Several birds
that might now bo cnJoyinK their freedom
«monjr the trees at Jnnlesidu wire
ihroiiRh his unusual retrl«-viiiK ability
lirouRht tmck to the case
E. I,. Hiultz and J. Karney secured
FtralRht ecore?, while E. L. Korstrr. H.
i\ Kot-enberp. C A. HiilRht. A. M.
KhlHd*. N. H. Netistadtjer. W. K. Mur
dock «i. A::Uerw«iti iincl M. <>. Keudner
only lout one. K. C lU>^5ojir)erK, A. Hoos.
K. I*. Htultt and M. O. Ccudner phot bnck
•eorcB. 11. C. Hoan^nbers out of thirty
Mrds allowed only two tc» encape.
Th«» bluerock tmj>s wciv not in use yes-
torday.
Oub nhoot iW)Ird race scores:
M. O. Fcudncr.... <» 5 • ! I ! ! ? 2 ! ' 2 0 ! 2—11
a. noo» : s i • • : : l! ! i o : j 0-12
B. Kleveiuihl 1*1111 114 !*1SI 1-13
«-. ii. Shaw <t: : : o: : i : ; i i ; 2 2-13
\V». BL Murtockr.. 131111212113*1 2-H
«I. I'.. Gould 12i:il2!12»»O2 2-12
K. Frurtnrr 102*1121*112 0 2 2—IS
II. n. lliwmer I ! I : I J I ! ! JO! ! 1 0— IS
tA. !lo.)K 22 0 222*0221212 *-10
j. Karncy 1 lira 11*111 111 2-15
H JuMlun 1 1 J 1 1 2 2 • 0 2 1 2 0 2 2-12
A M. Harkrr 122221*2112010 2—12
«." A. Jtndrmn.... I Jll !! JJ11 101! 2—14
\V. J. Golchrr <> 22211 0 1110211 2—12
R C. lliwrnbiM-*' r i .' ! ! H 2 1 2 n I 2 2 2—15
r. Gion 222 0*211020202 2-10
li L Fornter • :: 1 ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 1 I 1 1 1-14
K Kin* 2 * 2 Oit 1 1 0 2 1 o 1 • 2 1—9
IS. C. HnxcnlM-nt... 22222212120122 2—14
K. A. Warnl* 11122202211211 0-13
••Hill" 2 1 0 I' 0 0 withdrawn
C A. Hatch! 2 2 1 0 2 1 1 2 2 1 2 1' 2 I 2-H
A. M. PhioldK 2 12 12 2 2*211112 2—14
<;rp«rier I I i:i 1 l«!'8O wlthdrn
HalneK 210111*2101202 0—10
K. L. RhulU O2:2*o;2 2i:i:2 1-12
<;. II. T. Jackson.. 02121222202202 fl-U
N. H. NVustadtcr.. 2 2121221122110 2—14
J Hninw 222210 10222110 2—12>
•tG <i. <Sould 12121*2122210 1 1—IS
A. S. Wlel • 0 0 1 J 2 1 0 2*011* 2— S
W R. Grrsil<- 02211022*20210 •— H
.1 Hlckerstaff 11121*1110 withdrawn
J 1« Cnlrmiin 00O1O110111222 1—10
tB. [«, StullI J2222212222222 2—1.'.
1M. O. Kcudner 2212122220222 2 2—11
PIx-Mrrt pool shoot; high fruns dlvidlnR pool:
r.iTon ooio» •—1
a. s. wvii 1*100 0—2
Newton 0 1 0 1 0 2—3
JarkFon 0 11*1 0-3
«\>lrman 12 110 2—4
John* 0 0 2 2 0 2—3
F. Ftudnor 0 2*
Hoffman 1 1 2 0 • 1-4
Shlrlds 112 10 1—5
Marker 2 12 12 2-6
O. Feudner 1 0 2 1 2 0—4
Ancicrwin 112 2 2 0—5
N«MiFt»dtor 2 2 12 1 *—5
lln.lj.-hl 12 2 10 2—5
•Jonrn" 1110 1 IS
Second elx-blrd slioot. hlsh puns winning:
Cm. 0 2 0 10 2—3
Wlfl 2 2 0 12 2—5
Newton 2 2 2 0 0 2-4
i-nlpman 0 1 2 0 1 1—4
Slilrldn 2 10 10 2—4
j-lrnw 2*020 2—3
Jarkson , 11*12 0—4
•Bird dead out of bounds, tl^ack score.
At Shell Hound Range.
The marksmen wore present in large
ruinlnrs at the Rlioll Mound ran«cs yes
tfrday in pplte of tho inclement weather.
The Fcoro:« wore as follows:
Oold>n GRte Rifle nnd Pistol Club, monthly
mrdal i<h<xit. pistol, hnndlcap—3, B. Gorman
'.ifi. S4. silver medal—W. F. lUasse 7S. SI. 78.
T«; O. Tummeyer 71. 6J; M. P. Claese 77; J.
Kullmin i'1.'.
Rifle handicap—r>r. Rodftera 230, 225; M. F.
Ulairne 5«". Ulj n. W. Mrl^nujthlln SS: F. K.
M»on 232. (2L 211; C M. Hendomon 21S. 2ia
•^old m»^l»l—<*. M. Hrndrn«on 217. 124; M. F.
l!iM-.*r 170. 192: J. Kullman ISO. 194. Sliver
nirdal-W. F. Want* 16C. 16«, 1SS. ITS.
Company M. Mrrt Infantry. National GuHrd
of California, monthly medal nhoot—Capta.ln \V.
Hall 37. Hi-n;eant II. Ktroth SS, Servant Noye«
Ss«. «Vr|>ornl I'hllllris" 40. Al. Lyons 34, \V. Sucll
mkn 36. 1- Ayhnr* 3C. C. \V. lKaaot> 32. A.
Jacpfr E. U M. Iraaei* 39. F. F. Ownct 3».
<\imp»ny A, Flr>t Infantry. Nntlotinl iluarti
of California, monthly metlal i>h(X>t—Srrtt^ant
\V. HallliiK' 1!" 2». Sorcfant \V. Ker* 40. CJuar
trrniHFtpr S^rs^ant fHinnlnBlmm 2.'i, Corporal
Corncllo l<>, V. Ken 22, J. Hrndc 37, T. Hrod.
erlrk 12. C Sohltnk 24. A. MlUner 11. R Wt-lk
SS. J. Schn-vo U. A. Stahl 22. 1". Holtmuller II,
H. von Stadrn 14.
Company I, Vlrwt Infantry, Kntlonal Ouanl
of California, nmnrtily metlal *lu*it—<'«|>t«ln F.
K, M»w>T» 4S, i<irutonHiit Ooreonw ss. j. m.
Ttedrll 41, Hcrirrant «1. Sheldon !<«, Corporal C.
Marxltors IS, A. Khrenfonl 31. II. Fvll it, F.
M. lVutifn 41, W. Oolll 8S, U l^>nn>tpyi>r S4,
It. l'o*rr 21. \V. I'll! .14, C, Ul.iell 24, a H.
Hrvdrn S». A. II. Shurp 4i', F. Spilltr 32. T. Mi'
llllvfiy 2(1, K. HtoUrnwald SI, l>. llurkp l'v.
Ititl Xtfn'i Schuflii'ii Company, monthly
medal »,hix't-Flr»l fhumpli-n <-la««, William
l>r«-xHliM', STS; him .!.,-,. (Vptaln Henry <lrir)i,
f,l>u.r..i\ I 'in. 4.'1 , -.• ¦•. n.l rUm, :¦'. -lui.-i.-. u ¦
uii-iMi-i II, Wnirner, SM; third «-!a*H, llernmu
Hvhult, SSfl; fourth rlaH», B, Tanhe, S^S; «t>t
l.i.-i ?hot, CitptHtn II.iiiv ilil.'l-. •.:. l:.-i l>r»t
• 1.. 1 Wllltaiu ItivKtler, 71.
tiMu.m.u Hiliiid»en C|u»>, monthly hulUeye
»-?.... 1 11 ti. ni.,-1.: *«;, r K, M.. -,-u SM, C, M.
11.1. :.i^-n CM, I., N, citn.-i ns, .1. i'i-,lin
Ml, ,1, ... 11,. u Ki. K, II. Uortte >U. W, 1>^II
i'..' A. Jtll\«l>Ult \\> ¦
N«iM4e\Hm>hrr H.'huetren Cluh, nv>--<lhly
«... t..i »hi««'»-> lirft titamplnn «"la«», s^o«<nil
• i.e.ii.pi. u t'lna* -'ii't ni>-i .!..•» not won; atvott.1
• 1-" M. 1 j >>11 • > 1 MT; u m.i .!.-. \V, i>,.rii
fv!>; f(»MI1h i"l««|i, J. WorUhe St<l; nrnt Im-».i
• i»-i. i- r-nifi.-i.t ;», li.'i !.¦•-! »hot. A, llohntan
H
I*rh ri-ftiMMm^ Kohoftscn WiHftn, mnnthlv
i-..i!».-v.- .I..-, 1 \...,-( r.p.- Ill, IV bunker
•Ml, Um^tud Alpew »t.V iM\n l«eitu'V«» 8!W. John
ft. 1." 4*1 NVtUlnm \m-'...ci. <i..' 1. N. Kit.
'.11 <:i .».-!i>i ... (l.r-. f;«, nm-.l, KtVh «.T. (4.
NMnfi #ti A\isunt Mf>t-r CM, John IVtM* M*.
• Vptaln J. Thrn^ til, F, ln-nnrtt Tit, IV Knl
n»lt1 M«, t«MH» IVnilrl ST7, V. \\ (•.•hunter K\
t\ tX. l^aktrr K\ l«enr>' Ilupprrt 1TON. Knuf
mnn NVri-lhflttipr WO.
STAKE HONORS
FOR WEDGEWOOD
Jones' Fast Hound Beat
Little Sister in the
Final.
Talent Gets a Heavy Pall
in the Defeat of
Luxor.
A large crowd was In attendance at tha
closing rounds of the 112-dog open stako
yesterday at Union Coursing Park, and
despite the stormy weather a sood day "a
sx>ort was had.
F. Jones' Wedgewood took first money,
beating Frank McComb'a Little Sister
handily In the deciding round. Wedge
wood was In great trim, his condition be
ing equal to that of a few months back,
when he figured often and prominently In
stakes of class. In the going yesterday
he was ready and willing, beating such
good ones as Brutus, Rival Artist, Ever
Sure. Silver Cloud. Flying Fox and Little
Sister and leading them all to the turn.
The short-ends did not materialize as*
often as on the previous day, nor did
they average at such fancy prices. Tn©
surprise of the day, and a costly one. too,
to the ones who set the odds, was the de
feat of Luxor in the semi-rtnal. The well
known performer went through until then
in such phenomenal stylo that ho was an
odds-on favorite for last honors, with a
strong play on him at that. Lovlna, Ltona
tide and llarlean Gladys, coursers of re
pute, went out to Luxor without scoring
a point, and For Glory following as a vic
tim with but a single mark to nts credit.
It was an excusable error of Judgment
after such doings that the talent thought
him a 5 to 1 shot acalnst Little Sister.
The odds were freely offered and aa
quickly taken, a heavy play resulting.
Luxor got a point for speed in the course,
and the five that were accredited to Mo-
Comb's champion were gained by her
cleverness after Joining In. Wedgewood
disposed of the victor about as easily.
White Hat. Connell Brothers 1 clever
youngster, was returned a winner against
Forest Kins, a 5 to 1 favorite, and fol
lowed up his good work by giving Hot
Haste a hard run In the next round. Firm
Fellow's work. too. was of the good kind.
He disposed of Master Lawrence and
Charta, the latter pointless and on the
short end.
Fiery Face did well, but was a victim
of hard luck. Against Liberator she wa3
given the hardest kind of going, though
she finally landed at 2 to 1.
Thelma beat Mamie Pleasant at 7 to 1,
Rollicking Airs beat Master Rocket at 4
to 1. Charta beat Sir Pasha at 5 to 2. For
est Queen beat Lough Neagh and >far
cissus beat GreenhaU at 5 to 3.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's o:Hcial scores, follow:
Open stake, second round — Pa3ha kenne's'
Fiery Face beat Aeneld kennels' Agamemnon.
3-0; P. Doyle's Liberator beat Sterl & Knowles"
Kipple, 4-2: Sterl & Knosr'.es' For Glory beat
A. R. Curtis' Vulcan. J-0; Aeneid kennels"
Fine Fire beat H. Per*.Ko"s Bone. 6-0: P.
Jackson's Honor Bjlsb*. beat Pasha kennels"
RandoEx Altn. J-2: F. Jones' Harlean Ola<ry«
beat A. Vaiyierwfctte'a Flora MeDcnaM. 7-1;
A. R. Curttl* Luxor beat F. Jones' Lovlna.
3-0; F\ A. MeComb's Bona FYle beat T. J.
Cronla"» Vtxen. S-5; P. M. Curtis' Anchor beat
F. A. McCamb's Motto. 7-3; F. A. McComb'a
Little S'ster beat T. J. Cronin'3 Vandal. 13-t;
F. A. ilcComb's Firm Fellow beat Star ken
nels" Master LawreTK^e. 7-3; A. R. Curtis"
Charta. bea.t F". A. McOomb'3 Sir Pasha. 5-2:
CocneU Bros." White Hat beat James Sheri
dan's Forest Kins'. U-7: J. J. Kenny's Hot
Hast« beat P. Ifulcafej's Lcrd Dunrnore. 11-2:
A R. Curtis* Candetaria beat Pasha, kennels'
Real Article. 4-1: P. it Curtis' War Eag!a
beat J. Dove-ling's Slr - Lawrence; *-«: Pasha
kennels* RoUickirff Air* beat W. J. Browning's
Mountain Belle. 3-1: H. A. Peckalman's Mastsr
Rocket beat Russell & Allen's Castaway, S-2;
C. O. Peterson's Sliver Cloud beat Star ken
neU' Mayflower. 4-3: CnnneJl Bros.' St. He!en
beat Russell & Allen's Rosle Cla!r. *-2: J.
Kennedy's Ever Sure beat H. A. Deckel-nan' a
Rocker. I-t: P. Doyle's Thelma beat Connell
Bros.' MazUe Pleasant. 5-3: Pasha, kennels'
Rural Artist beat D. J. Healy*s EHsta. 7-0;
F. Jcnts' Wert?rt»irood beat GoH Dust kennels"
Erutus. t-1: Cfclartni Bros.* Santonin beat t>.
J. Healy"* Flae- Form. 4-1: James Sheridan's
Forest Queen beat P. J. Reilly'a Lotigh Xeanh.
4-3; P. M. Curtis* Narcissus beat J. Cane' a
Gr»«enhaH. 3-3: A. R. Curtis' Flytnr Fox * bye.
T"hlrd round— Fiery Face beat Liberator. 5-3:
For G!ory beat Fln« Fire. 3-0: Harlean
Gladys beat Honor Bright. S-0: Luxor beat
Bona Fide. S-0; Little Sister beat Anchor, «-0:
Firm Fellow beat Charta. 4-0: Hot Haste beat
White Hat. 4-3: War Eagle beat Candelarla.
4-0; Rolllcklnir Airs beat Master Rocket. 3-2:
Sliver Cloud beat St. Helen. ll-T; Dver Sur*
beat Thelma. 5-0: Wedirewood beat Rural Ar
tist. 3-0; Santonin beat Forest Queen. 4-4; Fly-
Jn»r Fox beat Narcissus. 9-4.
Fourth round— For Glory beat Fiery F»ei».
6-3; Luxor beat Harlean Gladys, 5-0; Uttla
Sister beat Hot Haste. 3-1: War Eagl» beat
Firm Fellow. 11-8: Silver Cloud Nsat Rollick
ing Airs. 5-1: Wedjrewood beat Ever Sure, 4-3;
Flying Fox beat Santonin. 5-1.
Fifth round— Luxor beat For Olory. 8-1:
Little Sister beat War Easrle, 5-0: "Wedgewood
beat Silver Cloud. 5-0; Flytnir Fox a bye.
Sixth round— Little Sister beat Luxor, 5-1;
Wedgewood beat Flying Fox, S-2.
Deciding course— Wedgewood beat Llttl*
Slater, 4-1.
McGOVERN AND GARDNER ARE READY
TO STEP INTO THE RING FOR BATTLE
Will Weigh in at 3 Q'CIbek To-Morrow Afternoon— Referee
Will Be Selected To-Day— Last Work of the Feather
' weights Before, the Fight—Each Confident of Success
MMY ENTRIES
FOR DOG SHOW
Classes Are More Num
erous and Lists Are
Longer.
Canines That Will Be Seen
at the, Kennel Club
Exhibition.
Greyhounds— J. H. W. Muller, Cruiser; J. H.
Dean. Connemara; Curtis & Sons, Cavalier;
O'Shea Ui-others. Young America; J. II. itos
slU-r—For Freedom, Kurtuna, Kavente.
American foxhounds— J. H. Marshall— Kreu-
Ker, Sharkey, Leader, Uugle; (Jus Dleckman,
Spike; N. H. Hickman, Chlnny Billy; Stang?
& HennlnK— Murderer, Gussle; C. J. Webber,
Paddy Jr.; Fis»her & Baltzer — Max, Belle; Co
lu*a Kennels— Guy. Sapho; E. K. Forestier,
Belle; T. U. 1'erklns. Queen.
Pointers— A. P. Hinz, Beaumont; Mrs. T.
Murphy. Bill .Sikes; Stockdnle Kennels (W. S.
Tevls) — Cuba Jr.. Cuba of Kenwood, Sam's
Bow, Florida, Nellie Wilson; O. K. Worden,
Doc W; L. O. Kellog:, Boxer; Roy M. Fuller.
Uox P{ L. J. Aubert, Ashburc; A. Rocs, Cap
B; J. K. Lueas— Alec C. Nick O'N; A. B. Tru
man, l'attl of Kent: W. Saul— Puny Gal, Gle
nada. Sister Glenbeigh G; A. F. Colvln, Lady
Colvln: K. Wecker, Kela \V.
English Fetters— J. Tait. The Referee; Clark
& Kennedy. Dick C; D. Johnston, Clayton; C.
S. Boas. Dash Antonio II; E. C. Hahn, Duko
of Hahn; H. E. Uellly, Count Flanders; A.
Wornecke, Bum, Trixic; W. H. Locke, Babe;
C. Easton, Dewey; W. Kcege, Duckwa; Sol
HoniKsbergr, Sport D; S. Chrlstenson, Joe
Cummlne's Boy; L. Abrahams. Dolly Sport;
W C. Brown. Bell B; Phillband. Gibson Girl;
C. S. King. Queenie K; G. G. Gould. Miriam
J; T. .1. A. Tiedemann. Northern Huntress;
W. Styan, Quren; F. R. Smith, Countess of
Flandrrn; W. C. Chute. Dolly Y; A. B. Tru
man, Fanny Gladstone T.
Irish setters— C. F. Pedratta. Toby Jr.; F.
n Adams Con A, Toronto Mike; I\ J. Mc-
Cormiek. Ron' M; Gus Lane, Pilot B: A. n.
Truman. Mike Swlveller T, Lady Sniveller,
Du Val Moore, Lady Bess M; J. White Jr.,
Maxine; D. M. Stanley. I^ady Melba; J. F.
Kelly, Lady Glenbrook; H. M. Fortesque,
Beauty 11; H. Block, Lady Josio II.
Gonlon Hotter*— T. Russell. Nelly II: J. H. .
W. Muller, Bell M.
Field trial elapses— StocUdale, Kennels, Sam
Bow Nelly Wilson. Cuba of. Kenwood; L. J.
Aubert. Ashbury; J. E. Lucas, Abe.
Irish water spaniels— A. T. Leonard Jr., Den
nis C; G. Ite&nort. Beelzebub; M. Buscow.
Terry McGovern; J. Duffy. Irish Duke; S. W.
Horton. Robert Emmet; W. II. Williams,
Bessie W.
Field Kpanlel?— A; G. McKellle. Me: E. J.
Johnston. Peter Jackson; Redwood Kennela,
Vex Wofflnjrton.
Cocker spaniels— K. Treuss, Windy Jim:
Tine, Hill Kennels, I'ine Hill Cuckoo, Rowdy
Woodcock. Uneas; J. H. Jones. Black Silk;
V C Meyer, Gleenwood Havoc, Champion
Havoc; Glenwood Topsy, Champion Polly Pas
time, Glenwood Ratney, Champion Colorado,
Olenwood Ruby, La Paloma; W, F. Roeder,
Duke Plepania. Lndy Del Monte; O. K.
Brown Oakland Fascination; O. Bell. Stand
ard Minstrel Girl: Mrs. J, P. Atkln, Mona
II; 11. Maulden. I,ady Gaylord; E. C. Plume,
Hampton Goldle, Plummer Cleo. Flo, Fancy;
C T. Mead Red Cross, Perfection: Redwood
Kennels. Dufferln Pastime; M. Lustenberprer.
Topsy; A. Wolfen, Judy; Dr. A. C. KellORK,
Lady MacDuff; Miss F. J. Hatie. WixKJstook
Minerva; Fred X.urlowen, Powhattan' Lass;
Nulrod Kennels. Tootslo \V.
Collies— C. Dve' Ormsklrk Emerald III; Dr.
C K Jones, Recorder; Mm. W. Magee, lad
die; Mr» J. II. Follls, Red Wull; K. A. Hern
hard Old Hall General; Winters Kennels,
Dormer, Verona Rattle, Rrnw Seott Jr.. Don
aldtua Pleasant Fnnnio; Miss K. 11. Graven,
Verona Bruw J,addie; A. Hrchm, Shenp; T.
E Bailey, Ormsklrk Ulueher Jr.; Minn L.
»nrrlf=on, Ormskirk Harry; N. T. Shaw, Red
Hill Commodore; C. 15. Miller. Philip t| G.
U l.udlow, Haneho, Klondtk« Hoot; J. A.
llammemniltb, Bruce Lad; E. 13, Whitney,
Iniromar; t>r. F. \V. Rrownlng, Orm»klrk
rhronto; O. Pft.1en«, Verona Laddie; .1, L.
Fl«v«1, Mavwell; Mm. A. II. Conev, Rorder
I.a.1; A. 11. Sprerkeln. Dan tun Wonder; O. 8,
AlVnv ft. Clure twiddle; Mrs. J. H, de \\ny
ter, Verona Pnwv Heott: W, R, Mird, RoMlo;
Colonel Nortbmp, Hnownnll; Y. Ualtier, Hun
uhlno Ormonde: Mm. J, II, llanat-n, Verona
Mollte; L. ,1. V..ih,t. Pretty Hall; MIm At
Hpan-ow, Tilda Jane.
p. >..u.- Dv 1. llaret, Athos,
nuUd^K»-Mr-', w, Mi Roberts, Jim Jam«i .1,
Fo»«. T<>i«v; !». t«, OreenbHum, Jlnrrv l^eyi
A, W, Howe, Crib; II l<o)Un*Huer, Ht, 1. Ilium's
Mt<ler.
Pull terrirm^JI- R, Hw»nlw*e, Newmarket
D«k» II: R. II. Nklmmlnr*. Ulonmnbury Rovt
NV, r.M>pleweU. Ventui'e; V, Y. 1Uwm»t, \V«w«V
burv l'rlnee: R. IC, Run»ell, Jerrv R: Mm,
Veiller, Itloomnlxiry Tip: K, Altrldn*, T*>di\V!
J. IV Upwckrl* Jr.. lUnJtv. O, o, »pyt1ri\f»»iU
-Rayvlew UrtpBdler, W.io.v^t* WomUr, JVM,
American IWII; 0, I?. Wonien, Jane* Venonli
.T it. Mehrlnr, Rttriyardi A. lt>'i\.-..\ in I,
Wrv-Mieeto P\ik«>j A. Joupph. Imp. Uliwmsbuvv
\»»hM»! J, F. I'ttrnw^ln, l^lt*w(«0A Hold WvM«
l»r; I*. rhrl»lrn«Mi, W«wflp«l«» Vpnonl Hi J. .T,
(*t»«rrow, l-V1aeHt«>«1 Jean It! C. Btpmbweh,
Hloomsbury .toeen; rhtl Meyer, N»wm«rki»t
UupeM! Dr. •IVvl^ I«dy Venon; 1\ 1>, Fay,
Woodeotp Ovieen.
Norton tenierf— Mri«. 3. P. Korman— Ij»dy
Mnn«r«, Lrrd Mfntf*; Mf». T. MeCiee Jr.,
Winner: w. n. Bltilt .Tr., Blr Monies: It. D.
Ptllsbury, Ply W; Mrs. RosenburR, Mr. Snooks;
Great Danes — I'osen Great Done Kennels —
HIJou, Charles D. Dick, liluebearu, I^ady Kr
mlne. Orchard Trilby, Champion Queen H; 11.
Nelson, llnnna; Cunnlnnhaiu & Klllson— Cun
ningham'* Don Juan, Cunningham's 1'rlneens
1 nimiiiir, Cunningham's Juujilta. Duke: 11. I*
Wchmldt, Hector J..; Colonial Great Dane Ken
nel«—Ht. I^onard, I»rd I^HndeKborouRh Jr.,
Thelma, ltrau ISrumnu-l II; 15. Sm.illcy, Wus
tercr; J. Uanch, Flora; O. P. HernxUT. Maud
S; A. ,'Wivde. Isabelle; Mrs. H. Sellers. Jelta
of Mlllbourne.
Newfoundlands— A. J. Allen— Eaterhnzy, Ma
rie; MorlU Abt, Dlsmnrck.
KiisM.tn wolfhounds— F. l'axson llaword. Imp.
Maldn: MIsh A. llealy, Cossack II; Miss D.
1». liells. l>apcha.
. Deerhounds— Mrs. W. B. Hooper— Marco,
Lassie H. " . "¦
Bt Kernanls (nnooth coated)— J. A. Horn,
raenar; J. r>. Dlnkclsplrl, Hermit; K. 1). Con
olliy, Otneral Dj Gh-nwood Kennels U'hll C.
Meyer). Miss Harry; Dr. Vogclmun, l'jlncesM
Di tkilano.
Mastiffs— G. W. Freeman- Hector F. Wini
fred V, San Mateo Queen, Queen F; Mrs. M.
Ijirsen, Sburkejr; Jesse J. JL'inj;;i. King L; J.
Li. Flood— Caesar K. Major F; it. F. AVarren,
I>eo; H. K. Wynne. AJax; J. V. Norman. Hebe
Montez; Mil's F-. J. Hatje. <*alllornia vjueen;
Mrs. Lucy A. Adams, Keho.
St. ilernards (rough coated)— K. A. Lund
¦trom. Urewater: H. <i. <ie Qreayer, ISmperori
(ilt-nwraxl Kennels— Grand Master Jr.. Glen
woixl Monarch, I^co King, B<-lin«\ Alta ttncliel.
Miss Hair), Frisco Queen; A. Cussells, Ivanotf;
Mlt* K .Hawes. Milo; A. H. Kately— Kins; Mori,
COloaeJ Kboracum, Grand Master II. Alellm;
ft. T. Nobmann, l>ewey Tennis; Ml*r. K. llel-
IliiKhiun. llt-auty W; T. lJ.ilr.ell Brown, Sic
William Wallace; CJ. A. Duvia, Monarch ller
nani; Mrs. K. U. Thompson— Mlla Jr., King
CroL-kutt; Mrs. J. II. McCarthy, Queen Lucille;
M. Coleman. Cuba; Mrs. T. C. Juilkins,
Uucheof.
Following is the official list of entries
for the bench show of the San Francisco
Kennel Club, which will be held In Me
chanics' Pavilion from May 8 to May H:
FIGHTERS TAPER OFF THEIR TRAINING-MARKSMEN ARE UNDAUNTED BY THE RAIN
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1901.
6
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at. both places.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Peru Valparaiso via PanamajApr. 23
Mackinaw Seattle ...lApr. 29
Sierra..;..: Sydney & Way Ports.. (Apr. 2!>
Crescent Cltr.. Crescent City ..n Apr. 29
Eureka... Humboldt Apr. 29
Columbia....... Portland- and Astoria.. Apr. 30
Arcata ...... Coos Bay Apr. 30
Matteawan..... Tacoma "Apr. 30
Argo.' T.... Coquille River Apr." 30
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma May. 1
Pomona......... Humboldt May 1
Peru ..:.;. Panama & Way Ports May 1
Corona Newport t... May. 1
Coronado San Pedro May 1
AV. H. Kruser.. San Pedro. May 1
Steamer.
Destination.
ler.
April 29.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. S pa Pier 8
Australia Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay. S pm Pier IS
S. Portland... Seattle * Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 13
San Juan - Panama * Way Ft 12 m PMSS
April 3O."
Tanls Hamburg & "Way Pier 27
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 1. I
Argo.. Coqullle River 12 m|Pler 2
Eureka.. Humbdldt 9 amiPler 13
Coronado Grays Harbor lPler 2
Queen San Dlrgo 9 am|Pler 11
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 angrier 9
I>ora Nome via Seattle. 2 pm Pier —
W. Kroger... Tlllamook Bay .... a pm Pier 13
May 2.
Arcata...\.... Coos Bay 13 ¦ m Pier 13
May 3.
Corona Newport 9 am Pter 11
Nippon Mara. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Peru Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 34
May 4.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Umatllla Puget Scmnd Ports.... May
Santa Rosa San Diego May
Point Arena.... Point Arena May
Adato Portland May
North Fork Humboldt May
Argyll N. T. via Panama.... May
Newburg Grays Harbor May-
Mandalay CoqulHe River May
O. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria May
Denderah Hamburg & Way Ports|May
2
2
2
3
3
3
4
4
5
6
Sun rises - ,.
Sun sets '- iJJ
Mt >° p -«¦ .'...v.v.v:.v.v:.v.»:a"^''s
"^ Tlnw TJroe . Time I frtau '
Date ipt. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
fr* M H W L. Wf |k W
29... 2:50 1.4 9:03 4.5 240 1 4 9-ifi ~T^
30 ... J:32 1.0 10:00 4.6 3 13 17 l£ {l
1 ... 4:05 0.7 10:43 4.6 3:4$ 2 0 10^ fi
2 .... 4:41 0.4 11:34 4.« 4:20 2 " in 44 5*
3 ... 5:13 0.1 12:16 4.6 4'i." *g [•¦U i%
* ... 5:50 0.01 1:00 4.5 5^ 28 W'vt ? "2
5... 6:26. .0.21 1:43 4.5 6:M m| .^ .£•
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Peru Valparaiso via PanamajApr. 23
Mackinaw Seattle ...lApr. 29
Sierra..;..: Sydney & Way Ports.. (Apr. 2!>
Crescent Cltr.. Crescent City ..n Apr. 29
Eureka... Humboldt Apr. 29
Columbia....... Portland- and Astoria.. Apr. 30
Arcata ...... Coos Bay Apr. 30
Matteawan..... Tacoma "Apr. 30
Argo.' T.... Coquille River Apr." 30
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma May. 1
Pomona......... Humboldt May 1
Peru ..:.;. Panama & Way Ports May 1
Corona Newport t... May. 1
Coronado San Pedro May 1
AV. H. Kruser.. San Pedro. May 1
Steamer.
Destination.
ler.
April 29.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. S pa Pier 8
Australia Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay. S pm Pier IS
S. Portland... Seattle * Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 13
San Juan - Panama * Way Ft 12 m PMSS
April 3O."
Tanls Hamburg & "Way Pier 27
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 1. I
Argo.. Coqullle River 12 m|Pler 2
Eureka.. Humbdldt 9 amiPler 13
Coronado Grays Harbor lPler 2
Queen San Dlrgo 9 am|Pler 11
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 angrier 9
I>ora Nome via Seattle. 2 pm Pier —
W. Kroger... Tlllamook Bay .... a pm Pier 13
May 2.
Arcata...\.... Coos Bay 13 ¦ m Pier 13
May 3.
Corona Newport 9 am Pter 11
Nippon Mara. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Peru Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 34
May 4.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Umatllla Puget Scmnd Ports.... May
Santa Rosa San Diego May
Point Arena.... Point Arena May
Adato Portland May
North Fork Humboldt May
Argyll N. T. via Panama.... May
Newburg Grays Harbor May-
Mandalay CoqulHe River May
O. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria May
Denderah Hamburg & Way Ports|May
2
2
2
3
3
3
4
4
5
6
Sun rises - ,.
Sun sets '- iJJ
Mt >° p -«¦ .'...v.v.v:.v.v:.v.»:a"^''s
"^ Tlnw TJroe . Time I frtau '
Date ipt. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
fr* M H W L. Wf |k W
29... 2:50 1.4 9:03 4.5 240 1 4 9-ifi ~T^
30 ... J:32 1.0 10:00 4.6 3 13 17 l£ {l
1 ... 4:05 0.7 10:43 4.6 3:4$ 2 0 10^ fi
2 .... 4:41 0.4 11:34 4.« 4:20 2 " in 44 5*
3 ... 5:13 0.1 12:16 4.6 4'i." *g [•¦U i%
* ... 5:50 0.01 1:00 4.5 5^ 28 W'vt ? "2
5... 6:26. .0.21 1:43 4.5 6:M m| .^ .£•ta Jail, but Must Very Soon
Return.
KANSAS CITY, April 28.— Mrs. Nation
was In this city several hours to-night on
her way to Lewisburg, Kans., to attend
the funeral of her brother, Charles Moore.
She > was released from- the Wichita jail
to-day on her own recognizance, with the
understanding that she Is to return. to the
Jail as soon as the funeral ceremony Is
over. ' • '
A number of reports have been circu
lated since the death of the brother of
Mrs. Nation to the effect that she. became
virtually insane in prison "when she
learned of the demise of Charles Moore,
and that It was deemed expedient that »he
should be at* once released.
Woman Is Released From the Wichi-
MBS. NATION TO ATTEND
HER BBOTHEB'S FTJNERAL
Elizabeth. ' Catherine J.. Elizabeth G.. John
J., Mary K. and Louise Geary to Christian
Froellch, lot on N"VV line of Howard street,
80 SW of First, SW 45 by NW 85; $18,000.
• "Walter E. and. Helen C. Dean to Robert
"Watt, lot on W corner of Seventh and Bran
nan streets. NW 285. SW 160. SE 147:6. SW 40,
mV 120. SW 73. SE 257:6. NE 273; J50.000.
Augusto Lochinl or Lachlnl or August Lac
chini to Isabella Lacchint, 1514 D. 142, lot on
E line of Hampshire street. 2S5 S of Alameda.
S 28:6 by E 100; also 1643 T>. 26. lot on W line
of Vermont street. 83:4 N of Humboldt. N SO
by W 100, and all other property; sift.
J. p. Conlan and James and Sarah McGregor
to Daniel E. Angflum lot on N line of Hum
boldt street. 79 E of Vermont, E 5* by N 100;
$1000.
Mary E. Llndop to William G. Llndop. lot on
W line of Seventh avenue. 140 N of Clement
street, N 50 by W 120; $1500.
William G. Lindop to Walter C. la Berge,
same; $1500.
¦ Emellne C. Cole (wife of Edward F.) to E.
C. Bonner, lot on E line of Twenty-third ave
nue, 375 N of C street, N 27:5. NE 120:0*4. S
25:11. W 120; gift.
Olive T. Prentice to Mary .T. Minor, lot on
E line of Forty-third avenue, 100 N of V street.
N 50 by E 120; gltt.
G: A. Hensley to F. R. Deremer, lots 2 and
3 block R, Mission-street Land Company; $500.
. "Ettie Tompkins (PItklns). wife of Edwin,
to Adelbert Belknap. let 1768, rift map 3: $300.
Annie Williams (wife I of James) to James
Williams, lot 21. block 4. Holly Park Tract;
Lydla and William Brandes to John A.'Mil
ler, undivided one-half of lot on E corner of
Falcon and Moss avenues. NE 13, NE 141-3
NE 27. SE 115:9. SW 27. NW 116:11, block 3
subdivision 1. -Mountain Spring- property; J15O.
J. O. and Emily Fair (by A. O. Col ton, com
missioner) to John D. Voreland, lots 21, 23 and
25. block 43. Sunnyslde: $200.
Louir-e and Myer Lando to McCarthy Com
pany (corporation), lots . 33 and 34, block E
Lakeview; $500. • • ' - •
- Estate of Lucy Armstrong (by Joseph Wln
terburn and E. S. Chapman, executors) to Odd
Fellows' Cemetery Association, ! lot in Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery; . $75.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Meeting Called to Consider the Ad
visability of Closing the
Through Service.
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— G. W.' Luce
and a party of other, local officers of the
Southern Pacific j left yesterday for San
Francisco, . where they will confer with
President- Hays aad Manager Julius
Kruttschnitt upon the advisability of clos
ing the through service between this city
and San Francisco over the coast line.
It has been already determined that the
fast through service will be held up for a
time, but whether the Chatsworth tunnel
is completed or until the line between San
ta Barbara: and Saugus can be relald with
rail of the proper weight has not been
decided. . ¦ --
If the road is to wait until the comple
tion of the tunnel, it will be fully a year
before through traffic Is resumed. If it
is to wait until new track is laid, six
months- will be the limit. A complete re
arrangement of the time tables of the San
Joaquln Valley, route will be made neces
sary, by the proposed changes.
If any Hamlets in Danger.
HOUGHTON, Mich.. April 28.— Forest
fires are raging at a number of upper pen-
Insular points and ¦'. unless there Is a
drenching rain soon great damage will be
done and , many hamlets and j villlg-es , en
dangered. The whole north country Is
very dry, less than one-fourth of an inch
of rain having fallen during the month.-
Will Cheapen Price of Gas.
LONDON, April 29.— The Dally Chronicle
says it learns that Dr. Ludwig Mond has
discovered a method of producing Illu
minating gas at 2 pence per 1000 feet,
which will effect a , revolution by cheap
ening electric power and also as bearing
upon the production of open hearth steel.
- . ' • ' — im ¦
Large Purchase of Rifles.
LONDON, April 29.— A special ; dispatch
from' Tangiers says - the French commer
cial attache recently sold 100,000 rifles to
the Shereeflan Government
COAST LINE MAY BE -
TIED TTP FOR MONTHS
Stebbins ..will transplant, a conjunctiva
from the eye of a rabbit ¦ to the eye of a
patient at the' Hosoital of the Good Shep
herd in this city during the present week.
The patient, a man whose name Dr. Steb
blns withholds for the present, was chop
ping wood about two years ago when a
flying- splinter pierced the eyeball and de
stroyed the sight. The other eye was In
jured In a similar manner six months ago,
but the sight was not destroyed. The in
jury has not healed and an operation is to
be performed as a last resort. If it fails
tho man will be totally blind.
Carmen Go Out on Strike.
BARCELONA, "April 28.— All the em
ployes of the omnibus and street car. lines
In Barcelona went on strike to-day.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., April 28.— Dr. H. L.
NOVEL OPERATION TO
SAVE A MART'S SIGHT
Navajos "Weary of BCostien Boettia
Begay's Conduct and Suppress
Him With Bullets.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., April 28.— A
Navajo Indian boy, who is attending the
Government school here, has received a
letter from his parents telling him -that
some of the tribe had to shoot and kill
Hostlen Boettlu Begay, a noted chief of
these Indians.
Hostlen for years has. been considered
partially demented and very . dangerous.
He had brought about on several occa
sions serious trouble between white set
tlers and Indians and in November, 1892,
when deputy sheriffs went to arrest some
turbulent Navajos, he led the fight against
the officers, when several of the latter
were killed. Since then he attempted to
rule a small band of Navajos and became
so threatening that they held a council of
war and shot him dead. The affair oc
curred on the reservation west of this
city. • .
IJKTD THEIR ANXIETY .
¦:• BY KILLING A CHIEF
Song by the school, "Stand Up for Jesus";
r«ciUtlon, Jue Lak and Lee Ehue; song, se
lection, Frank Lee; recitation. Tol Lee; solo,
"Savior Lead Me Lest I Stray" <ln Chinese),
Paul W. Gow; recitation, Wong Yin; address,
Lte S. Hons; duct. "I Hear Thy Welcome
Voice," Jue Lak and Tol Lee; recitation. Lee
Won; quartet. "Nearer, My God, to Thee,"
T. Y. Lee, S. Young, Jee Pond Mooar and
Paul W. Gow; address. "My Experience." Ng
Shan Tsi; address, "Sinners, Jesus Will Re
ceive You," Joe Lin Sin*, of Oakland; re
marks by the superintendent. Rev. W. C.
Pond, D.D. : eolo. "Jesus Lover of My Soul,"
Paul W. Gow; chorus In Chinese. "Take the
BERKELBY, April 28.— The Chinese of
the mission school on Shattuck avenue
held exercises this evening: to celebrate
the second anniversary of the school's
founding. A large number of friends of the
institution were present und the following
programme was carried out under the su
pervision of Paul Wong Gow:
Mission School Celebrates.
GRAND HOTEL
G H Dernlng. Oakland
M C Hopkins, Sta Cru:
Capt Paul, USA
W P Screws, U 8 A
P M Davis, Stanford
J C Johnson. Los Ang
A "Wonnsley, Stanforv
Miss M Seymour, N Y
Mrs H Mitchell. N Y
Miss E J Simpson, Mass
D Cotcher. Mich
H Amundson. Cal
L Jacobson, Chicago
H Burkenson. Chicago
F Hurst. Redding
G Carson, Redding
Mrs V L Mltchelk- Cal
B F Darphy, Eureka
J A Connell & w? 1 Ill
L P Hammond. Chlcag
J H Bowden & w, Cal
A "W Martin, S C
G A Martin, S C
W H Harris, Colusa
Mrs M Krakow. Cal
Mrs J Gregrg:. NY
V McLauKhlin & w.Ind
S Marigold. Cal
G W Ficks. Sacto
A H G Palmer. Cal
¦W S Moody. N Y
W F Dunn. Stanford
P Woolsy. Sn Joaquln
* M Rutten. Minn
\frs C R Steele. WInn
S H Edes. Los Ang
W F Haas. Los An*
R H Hewitt & w. Cal
H McFarlaln & w. Ill
Mies L McFarlaln. Ill
L L Timmons, Sacto
T W CNeil. Sacto
D P Cameron & w. Md
5 fV* Van Syckel. N J
W C Stone, Stanford
J P Toumy. Rodeo
L Toumy, Rodeo
P Toumy. Rodeo
Dr J J Hocan & w, Cal
F W Bush, Napa •
P de Martina, Cal
M H Cassell Cal
A C White. Stockton
T H Fuller. Angela
S T Oricy, N Y
J D Wrtghtman, Cal
X O Young, Los An*
F Deslmone, San Josa
A E Hangan & w, la
J Rummelsberg, Cal
M J Boggs, Colusa
G I Cason, Colusa
R Johnson & w, Seattl
J Fllllns & w. Reddng
PALACE HOTEL
H Litchensteln, N Y
C W Butler, Colusa
M I Behrens. N T
G B Bush, Spokane
C Shanks. Cleveland
W Dunham, X. Ang
C White. N T
G Deschamps. Paris
J C Drewry. Rosslani
Mrs TValte, Cleveland
B W Lon*. Denver
R Buck. Stanford
J Thaver. Berkeley
E B Ellis. Pa
J Patterson. Cinn
C Porter & w. Ky
C J Buch, Denver
Mrs P Buch. Denver
S Schlff. L An*
F Thayer. Boston
M Allen. . N Y
F Fernnld & w. Mass
K Shevlin A w. Minn
J Farrell & w. S«*ttl«
Ml*s Wadsworth. Spkn
F R Drake. Seattle
A Schmidt. N Y
B Echman, Paris
J Pres»cott, Sacto
E Wedekin. Snnka"*
>r Van Meteren, Parts
Mrs Mohler, Portland
Miss R Mohler, Portld
Miss M Mohler. Portld
VaM da B«c]c. Dsnrark
R D Monran, N Y
J V.' Austin, L Anr
<5 W Luce, L Anj
W Ramsdell. 8 Diego
A Miller & w. S Louis
E F Fallc. Plttsburff
J C Burnett, Colo -
W Buckmlnster. Bortn
Mrs Buckminster Bsta
a O Cook. Minn
C. Kendally. Detroit
S H Hayes, Colo
J, Klnkead A w, Nrr
E F Farmer. V T
J Nestall. N* T
V Parker. Newark
Mia« Parker. Xewarfc
Mm Fulton. Portland
T F Dean, Balto
P Roth ft w. Nome
J Chanalor, T, Ang
J Sanhorn. M»
C 1^ Jaeger. N T
T Johnson & w, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
O O Hood. Vallejo
E McMahon, Arizona
C H Sell. Kansas City
W H Secley. N Y
Prof Moss & w, Mo
A TVade, Boston
L. VDIngman. Clnn
E'Hummerle. Cal
W J Berkand. L, An*
D McKlnnon. L, Ang
H TVulff & vr, Cal
J EnO, New Orleans
E J Fry, N Orleans
J "W Child, Seattle .
H Kramer, Seattle
J Rlley. Denver
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
School Principal to Resign.
NILES. Awril 2S.— Paul Martin, princi
pal of the Decoto Grammar School, has
announced that he will retire at the close
cf the term, having served three years
with much success.
Killed by a Train.
OAKLAND, April 28.— A section man
named Smith was struck by a train in
the tunnel at Point Richmond to-night
and killed. His antecedents are not
known at the Point.
Institute in Chicago for Medi
cal Treatment.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. April 23.
Recently Mabel Atkinson, the five year old
daughter of Conductor J. W. Atkinson,
was bitten by a dog. Dr. R. O. Fenton, a
veterinary surgeon, was asked to examine
the dog. and while attempting the task
he was bitten. His wound displayed symp
toms so alarming that he left last night
for the Pasteur Institute In Chicago. The
Atkinson child will be taken to Chicago
to-night. .A dog belonging to Dr. Holden
was also bitten and became mad, and the
doctor was in turn bitten while trying to
chloroform his animal. The dog died and
a portion of Its brain and spinal cord has
been sent to Chicago for analysis.
Victims Have Gone to th» Pasteur
TWO SURGEONS SEVERELY
BITTEN BY MAD CANINES
OAKLAND, April 28.— "Fundamentals of
Faith" is the subject of- a series of ser
mons which will .be preached Sunday
mornings by the Rev. Ernest E. Baker at
the First Presbyterian Church.
The Rev. Frank L. Norton of Cincinnati
occupied the pulpit to-day at the First
Baptist Church.
The Rev. F. B. Cherington, D. D., and
the Rev. August Drahms, chaplain at San
Quentin penitentiary, conducted services
to-day at the Market-street Congregation
al Church.
The Rev. J. K. Harrison, superintendent
of Congregational home missions for Cal
ifornia, preached to-day at Oak Chapel.
Professor F. Pieper of St. Louis occu
pied the pulpit to-day at Zion German
Lutheran Church. At East Oakland this
evening the services were conducted by
the Rev. J. F. W. Hartsmann of Gard
nerville. Nev.
Beginning May 2 the Rev. Joseph Smith
will conduct revival meetings at the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church.
At Asbury Church, M. E. South, the
Rev. W. O. Waggoner will assist the
pastor in a series of meetings commenc
ing Wednesday evening.
WOHSHIP AMONG THE
CHURCHES OF OAKLAND
Pastors Discourse Upon Themes That
Are Drawn From the Well
of Religion.
HAYWARDS, April 2S.— The insurance
companies have settled the losses on the
Hunt Bros, cannery fire.. J. H. Hunt
eays he believes the destruction of the
big plant was caused by incendiarism.
Th* work of reconstruction will be pushed
night and day In order that the new can
nery vrtll be in readiness to handle the
cherry crop. The can-making factory for
the plant will be located In Oakland.
To Rebuild Cannery.
-NILES, April 28.— The Rev. C. W. Gunn
was installed to-day at Alvarado as pas
tor of the Presbyterian churches of that
place and of Centervllle. The installation
sermon was preached by the Rev. J. S.
McDonald, assistant pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church, of Oakland. The
Rev. Arthur Hicks of LJvermore and the
Rev. J. G. Anderson of Golden Gate took
part in the services.-
Installation of New Pastor.
SAN LEANDRO. April 28.— The annual
election of the B"»rd of Trade has result
ed as fallows: President, B. D. Gray;
vice presldeivt*, A. B. Carey. J. M. Estu
dillo: eecretary, J. N. Frank: financial
secretary. O. J. Lynch; treasurer, A. C.
Estes; board of directors— I. H. Beeler,
J. Driver. A. B. Cary, Daniel McCarthy.
J. A, Gallet, J. Camp, J. N. Frank. J.
M. Estudillo. F. Williams, E. Hoerst.
Colonel Frank Hastings; delegate State
Board of Trade. D. McCarthy: delegate
to State Board of Horticulture. A. Cary.
Board of Trade Officers.
Just before the black cap was adjusted
"Black Jack" glanced at the stranger. He
nodded his head and the stranger an
swered with a nod. Just before the trap
was sprung the stranger moved quietly
to the entrance and stood there. In the
excitement that followed the execution
the stranger hurried out, mounted his
horse and galloped away.
It was just before 1 o'clock on Friday
afternoon that one of the guards outside
the 1all at Clayton saw a man ride over
the ridge behind the jail and down to the
stockade about the gallows. The man tied
his horse in the shadow of the jail. Then
he walked over to the entrance to the In
closure around the gallows. He had no
pass. He walked calmly by the guard at
the entrance and did not turn his head
when asked for a pass. The guard let
him by. . .
When "Black Jack" was brought out by
Sheriff Garcia at 1 o'clock the stranger
moved behind three men. He placed him
self so that "Black Jack" could see him
as he passed. Two men had been watch
ing the stranger, and one of them told
the story of the- incident in Denver to
night. They saw "Black Jack" flash a
glance of recognition toward the stranger
and saw It answered. The desperado con
tinued his march to the gallows without a
tremor.
DENVER, April 28.— G. W. Franks, the
sole survivor of the original "Black
Jack's" gang, dared capture and death to
witness the execution of his leader. He
came Into the inclosure about the gallows
a few minutes before Tom Ketchum went
to the scaffold and just before the trap
was sprung Franks walked but, mounted
his horse and galloped away. Franks was
noticed by only two or three. Sheriff
Garcia and Detective Reno, who ran down
the gang, admit their belief that the
stranger was Franks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sole Survivor of "Black
Jack's " Gang* at the
Execution.
VIEWS HANGING
OF HIS CHIEF
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., April 28.—Com
mander in Chief James H. Carnahan of
the Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias,
said to-night that a secession from the
Supreme Lodge by the Uniform Rank
was utterly impossible. He asserted that
the rumor had its origin In a report of a
district meeting held in Cleveland, Ohio,
last February. .
Early In May General Carnahan will go
on a tour of inspection of the various uni
form ranks of the country and late in the
year will arrive in San Frajiclsco to make
arrangements with a number of other
supreme officers for the national conven
tion and encampment of the Uniform
Rank, the latter numbering nearly 60,000
men.
More Trouble in Old Servia.
VIENNA, April 28.— It is reported from
3elgrade that the Albanians in old Servia
are committing wholesale atrocities.
LONDON, April 29.— According to the
Vienna correspondent of the Dally Tele
graph seventeen persons were killed and
many others wounded In a recent encoun
ten between Albanians, and Servians at
Pridvoritza, Old Servia.
Opposing Degree for McZinley.
BOSTON. April 28.— The committee of
graduates of Harvard, representing those
opposed to having the university grant
a degree of LL.D. to President McKinley,
to-day began mailing 7000 copies of the
protest framed by certain of the alumni
and it is expected that answers will be
gin to come in this week.
- _ -i* ¦ *
Received by the Sultan.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 29.— The Sul
tan received In private audience John G.
Leithman, the United State Minister to
Turkey, on Saturday.
Actress Becomes the Bride of Robert
B. MacPherson of New
• York.
'NEW YORK, April 28.— Marie Bur
roughs, the actress, was married to-day
to. Robert Barclay MacPherson, New
York Manager for Marshall Field & Com
pany of Chicago. It had been announced
that they would marry in June, but they
decided not to wait.
The wedding took place at the home of
Mr. and Mrs. George Morris in the Aris
ton, Broadway and Fifty-fifth street, where
Miss Burroughs has made her home for
some time. Mr. Metcalf acted as best
man and Miss Elizabeth Morris was
pressed into service as bridesmaid.
George Morris said to-night- that Miss
Burroughs and Mr. MacPherson were in
troduced to one another at his home a
short time ago, and it seemed a case of
love at first sight. The wedding was ar
ranged so quietly that he was rather sur
prised himself.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
WILL NOT WITHDRAW
MAHIE BTJUROTJGHS
WEDS EASTERN MAN
PHILADELPHIA, April 28.-The sev
enth annual meeting of the National Mu
nicipal League and the ninth conference
for good city government, which will be
held in Rochester, N. Y.. May 8, 9 and 10,
will be of more general interest than any
of the meetings which have preceded it.
Amdng the speakers are many of national
and international prominence. The sub
jects to be considered and. discussed in the
papers that will be read are also of excep
tional importance to the community at
large, but particularly to students of the
problem which confronts those who are
working for municipal reforms.
The- theme of .this year's meeting will
be "Uniformity in Municipal Accounting."
It will be introduced at the Friday after
noon session in a report submitted by Dr.
Edward N. Hartwell of the Boston Statis
tical Bureau, who is chairman of the com
mittee appointed to compile the data. A
subject to which the league has given
considerable attention Is "Instruction in
Municipal Government in Educational In
stitutions." The report of a committee
appointed to familiarize itself with these
matters will be presented Thursday morn
ing by President Thomas M. Brown of
Lehigh University, who is chairman of the
committee. The work of the American
Society of Municipal Improvements and
of the League of American Municipalities
will be set forth in detail before the con
ference. "Primary Election Reform" and
"Recent Charter Legislation" are matters
that will also receive their share of atten
tion.
Some of the more prominent of those
who will participate In the deliberations
of the meeting are Wheeler H. Peckham,
president of the City Club of New York;
Mrs. Isabella Beecher Hooker of Hart
ford. .Conn.; James • C. Carter of- New
York; Mrs. J. D. Wood of the Denver
City Improvement Association; George F.
Seward, former Minister to China, and
Chancellor Day of Syracuse University.
Interesting Papers Will
Be Read at League
Conference.
CITY WELFARE
THEIR SUBJECT
OAKLAND, April 2S.— Fourteen friends
of George McDonald, the newly appointed
assistant chief of the Fire Department,
pave him a banquet this evening and pre
sented him with a gold badge studded
with diamonds. Dr. H. B. Mehrmann act
ed as toastmaster and made the presenta
tion speech. Those present were: Coun
cilman CharleB Bon. Coroner H. B. Mehr
mann. Landers Stevens, Dr. O. D. Ham
lin. George W. Reed. W. M. Kent, C. H.
Brosnahan, M. O'Connell. William Wat
kinson, P. N. Hanrahan. Sam Short. Ike
Foster, Henry Meyer and A. Olander.
Honor Assistant Fire Chief.
This Spring.
OAKLAND, April 28.— This is the outing
season and already picnics and excursions
are being announced.
The Alameda County Press Association
will visit Pleasanton on May 4. All the
editors of the county will gather and be
the guests of F. E. Adams, editor of the
Pleasanton Times, and the citizens of that
town. There will be a banquet for the ed
itors, and Editor Adams is arranging sev
eral entertainments for his brothers of
the craft.
Oakland Lodge No. 123 of the Fraternal
Brotherhood will give a picnic to Sunset
Park, in the Santa Cruz Mountains, on
June 19. The moderate price of 75, cents
will be charged for the round trip. No
liquors will oe sold or allowed on the
grounds. The trains will run through to
the park without a single stop. Games
will be arranged for and prizes given.
The Maccabees of Oakland, Alameda,
Berkeley. San Francisco and San Jose will
picnic at Fernbrook Park, in the Niles
Canyon, on May 1. Trains will leave San
Francisco at j) a. m.. and Oakland half
an hour later. Tickets will be 75 cents for
the round trip, children half price. The
return will be made at 6 o'clock from the
grounds. There will be games, music and
dancing.
The annual picnic of St. Frances de
Sales Parish will take p.ace on June 12 at
Fernwood Park. A committee has been
placed in charge of the arrangements
with Rev. Father McSweeney at the head,
the other members being P. J. Ryan, P.
N. Hanrahan, M. Spencer, Neal Gallagher
and Mortimer Guthrie.
Several Events Scheduled by Lodges
and Other Organizations for-
PICNICS AND OUTINGS
ABE BEING ARRANGED
Many of the Securities Held by the
Institution Have Decreased
in Value.
WESTERLT, R. I., April 28.— The Me
chanics' Savings Bank of this city will
not open for business to-morrow. Late this
afternoon the following notice was posted :
"The trustees of the Mechanics' Savings
Bank, owing to the doubtful value of the
bank's assets, have decided that it is for
the best Interests of the depositors that
the bank go into liquidation, and action
has already been taken looking to this re
sult. Pending the granting of authority
no money will be received or paid out."
This action came as a great surprise to
the town and great excitement prevails
among small depositors. The estimated
amount of deposits Is something less than
$1,000,000, the securities on their face value
something ,iess than $1,100,000. the num
ber of depositors about 200. Many of the
securities are Western Investments, which
are understood to have decreased in value
year by year.
ANOTHER SAVINGS BANK
GOES INTO LIQUIDATION
The magnificent Ackerman home on Van
Ness avenue and. Broadway is now al
most completed and the family has al
ready begun to furnish, the mansion, lhe
Ackerman home is one that is goiner to
win for the fortunate visitors a series of
delightful exclamations as they wander
throusrh the many magnificent apart
ments If I were asked to make choice
of the sumptuous apartments I should
rtPflare boldly in favor of the library and
the diniShSl. The dining hall is all fin
ished in Flemish cak and the carved man
tel and wonderful carved sideboard can
etand comparisons with those of any oth
er home-and there are many elegant ones
-in this city. The library is an immense
apartment-Mr. Ackerman is the happy
owner of 7000 volumes-and. like the din
ing-room, is also finished in Flemish oak.
Inserted in the swinging doors that ead
to the room are stained glass medalions
of Washington Irving and Victor Hugo,
Ackerman's favorite authors. The fit-
various accents that is a delight to all
who hear her. Next winter Miss Wells
proposes to take up Italian.. Her ambition
goes no further than the acquiring of four
foreign languages at least. So she herself
says, but her friends declare they would
not be astonished to hear that sweet
Marie was conquering the sing-song of
the Flowery Kingdom. ,
I understand that Mr. and Mrs. Juies
Brett are to join the exclusive circle down
at BArlingame. The Bretts speak of
building at Burlingame and their pres
ence there I am sure will be pleasantly
felt. I am confident that their place will
be the scene of many pleasant gatherings.
I hear that the Century luncheon was,
in the language of the society reporter,
quite the ¦ most ' successful affair of the
season." The menu was perfect. The ta
bles were beautiful and the decoration of
pink roses a most artistic one. Another
thing, I understand, is that the after
luncheon speech-making was a most de
lightful feature and that many of the
ladies,, notably Mrs. Morrlll and Mrs.
Wood, read papers that were fax above
the high Century Club standard.
Mrs. Fitzhugrh Lee was to have been a
guest of the club at the delightful affair,
but was prevented by illness from attend
ing. The club members, deprived of the
opportunity of entertaining her, paid her
the gracious compliment of sending to her
all the roses that made beautiful their
tables to brighten her sickroom.
tings of, the library are to t>e In perfect
keeping with its immensity and quite wor
thy to be In: a room in which several
thousands. of rare, editions *are shelved.
Spring Season.
OAKLAND. April 2S.— The real estate
market in this city is showing signs of
activity that are particularly pleasing to
the dealers and brokers. The first notable
move in local offices this Eeason is the an
nouncement of an auction sale, the first
of the season, by the Laymance Real Es
tate Company, on Saturday, May 4, at 2
o'clock p. m. The sale covers a long list
of improved properties, desirable for the
moderate priced houses on the lots. The
terms for homes are to be $100 to $300
rash and Installments of $10 to 530 a
month. Lots will be sold for $25 to $50
cash and $o monthly.
Recent sales of the Laymance Real Es
tate Company include a lot on Adams
Point to T. N. McNamara, a Bakersfieid
attorney, who Is going to build a fine resi
dence on the property. J. M. Bartlett has
purchased a lot 123x127:6 at the southeast
corner of Telegraph avenue and Orchard
street, upon which five two-story houses
will be erected at once.
ACTIVITY MARKS THE
KEAL ESTATE MARKET
Laymance Company Announces Its
First Auction Sale for the
WASHINGTON, April F. Sayler
of Iowa, the special agent in charge of
the beet-sugar investigation of the De
partment of Agriculture, is in Washing
ton, and has submitted his report to Sec
retary Wilson. He says this year shows
a very active tendency toward the Insti
tution of new beet-sugar enterprises.
Next autumn, he says, Michigan will
have three new factories, and Ohio, In
diana, New York, Colorado, Utah, South
Dakota, North Dakota and Illinois will
install new factories, making thirteen
throughout the United States now in
contemplation. A conservative estimate,
he says, Is that there will be forty-two
beet-sugar factories in operation
throughout the United States by the end
of next autumn. Everything indicates
that the Industry is thoroughly estab
lished throughout the country.
Mr. Sayler says: "Even in the lncip
iency of the industry these factories have
shown good profits. They have main
tained themselves without any apparent
real contest with the sugar trust. The
sections of the country that seem most
adaptable to the industry are -where
conditions call for new resources, as in
Michigan, where there has been a phe
nomenal increase within the last three
years, largely due to the waning of the
lumbering industry of that region. There
will be fourteen factories there next sea
son California is the leading State in
production, with eighteen factories, in
cluding the largest in the world. The
Immense amount of pulp and refuse left
after the extraction of the sugar appeals
especially to farmers and industries that
grow out of farm products." . _ ¦' •
Mr. Sayler says that no other feed for
stock is so valuable and so cheaD as
beet pulp. The beet-eugar factories turn
out from. 45 to 50 per cent of the original
weight of the beets worked in the form
of refuse or bi-product. Sugar beets seem
to respond especially to cultivation in
tne arid region, where they have given
better results than any other crop. , The
arid section has been enabled to cope
with other sections of the country where
the crops have been produced by natural
rainfall, not in the amount of tonnage
per acre, but in the higher sugar con
tents and the purity of beet. The results
In Utah have demonstrated the feasibil
ity of the central plant Idea, with
branches scattered at numerous points
for performing some detailed part of the
work.
Says Many f New Fac
tories Will Be Soon
in Operation.
SAY LER REPORTS
ON BEET SUGAR
I Ail afraid that Leontene Blakeman
is going to spoil the bridesmaids' pic
ture of the Cunningham-Kessler
wedding. . All the pretty attendants
have "gone and had their pictures
took," except Leontene, and unless
she does— well, the picture Is not possible,
for it will not be complete.
Leontene, I am told, says that It would
grieve her sincerely to have that brides
maid picture spoiled on her account, but
that really she cannot poge for a photo
graph. "You pee, it Is this way," says
Leontene: "I am afraid the photographer
will let' the papers have my picture." The
papers, according to Miss Blakeman. in
dividually and collectively, have been
bending all their energies for many,
months past to secure a portrait of her
charming self.
* • * •
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Tevis have gone off
to Japan, intent upon a shopping tour.
The trip to the Orient was hurriedly
planned and promptly executed, and really
before one will have the time* to realize
that the • Tevlses are gone they will be
back again, bringing with them treasures
from the Orient. It was Hugh Tevis
beautiful bride who first conceived the
plan of having a Japanese tea garden and
a Japanese room at the magnificent
country home, now almost completed in
Monterey. Once the Japanese features of
the home were decided upon, the Japanese
tour naturally and quickly followed. I
have been told that Mr. and Mrs. Tevis
will confine their shopping to draperies
exclusively. . It does not take a very great
stretch of -the imagination to form a dim
sort of an idea of the gorgeousness of the
stuffs they will bring back with them.
While Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Tevis are sail
ing to the Orient Mrs. Will Tevis, accom
panied by her niece, Miss Florence Breck
enrldge, is sailing in the opposite, direc
tion, with Paris as her objective point. To
go to Paris is like going home f of pretty
Florence Breckenridge. She was educated
in the gay capital and spent all of her
school girl years in traveling about the
principal cities of Europe.
¦ • * • i ¦•'.:..
Mrs. Murphy Is soon to leave for New
York, en route to Paris. Mrs. Murphy will
meet her daughter, charming Addie Mur
phy, in Washington and she, of course,
will go over with her. Mrs. Murphy
hopes one of these days to make her home
in Paris. Her dream of perfect bliss is:
Mr. Murphy retired from business and a
home In the gay capital. '•-.,'. '.'¦'¦
* • •
Mrs. William G. Irwin has left for
Honolulu, where she expects to spend
several months. It is Mrs. Irwln's Inten
tion to come home early in October, ready
to occupy her gorgeous new residence.
* * - *
What a pity it is that Mrs. Ernest
Seton Thompson, could not stay over with
us longer so we might pay her those hon
ors we always delight in offering to a Cal
ifornia girl who has achieved distinction.
Mrs. Seton Thompson is the daughter of
Albert Gallatin and the sister of Mrs.
Fran* H. Powers. Of all of us who were
fortunate enough to go to the Powers tea,
given in her honor on Saturday, not one,
I stand ready to wager, neglected to offer
congratulations on the marvelous success
of Mrs. Seton Thompson's first book, "A
Woman Tenderfoot in the Rockies. '
• • • •¦ •
Pretty Marie Wells still gives over all
her time to the study of the languages
and is now quite capable of keeping up
an intelligent conversation either In
French or German or Spanish. She has a
marvelous facility for acquiring foreign
tongues and a way of getting round the
The police to-night discovered that An
nan bought strychnine yesterday at
Heath's drug store, Sixth avenue and
East Twelfth street. It Is suspected that
he took enough of the poison last night to
bring on the intense agony he suffered,
but the quantity he took was insufficient
to cause death. Whether he took more
this morning is pot known. The Coroner
will, in view of these new facts, make an
analysis of the stomach's contents.
The body was found by W. Richardson,
who resides at S18 Broadway. The Coro
ner has charge of the case. Annan was
CO years of age, a native of Missouri. A
wife and five children survive Him.
Tliis morning Annan arose and said he
was going to the barber shop. He never
reached there, but headed apparently for
the estuary, for what purpose the family
can only surmise, knowing under what
stress of mental trouble he had been la
boring. They duspect he intended to
drown himself. It is thought that while
Annan was walking out to the basin he
was seized with an attack of his stomach
trouble and fell off the board walk dur
inc a paroxysm of pain.
The accident must have occurred be
tween 8 and 10 o'clock. Mr. Annan had
been suffering very severely last night
from stomach trouble. .Recently he lost
$5000, and the physical ailment had ac
centuated his mental worry about his
business affairs. All night he suffered in
tensely. The Rev. Hugh Fraser, pastor
of Brooklyn Presbyterian Church, was
called to the Annan residence at 142S Sev
enth avenue and remained all night with
the sick man.
OAKLAND, April 28.-The body of R.
L. Annan, a former member of the whole
sale tobacco and cigar firm of the F. K.
Houston Cijrar Company, 517 Market
street. San Francisco, was found at 10
o'clock this morning under a wooden foot
bridge leading across the fill from Clin
ton station. East ' Oakland, to Sessions
Basin. The police were put to work at
once on the caRe. The post mortem ex
amination to-night showed that Annan
had broken his neck, the injury being
sustained, it Is presumed, by his falling
from the bridge, which stands eight or
ten feet above the ground.
Former Member of Houston
Cigar Company Has
Neck Broken.
R. L. Annan Is the Vic
tim of a Fatal
Accident.
FALLS TO DEATH
FROM BRIDGE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 2S.
The grave question as to whether the
High Schools of Oakland will be kept
open until the end of the term Is being
pa ssed around from one body to another.
The teachers will be asked whether they
will teach for about six weeks -without
ai.y pay. As this request Is to be made
by the Board of Education, which holds
the positions of these teachers at It3
mercy, the indications are that the teach
ers will very generally consent to teach
for the remainder of the year without
pay, or take their chances, which are very
remote, of getting the City Council to find
some way out of the dilemma.
The School Department deficit and tha
kftping open of the High Schools has
been one of the most artistic cases of
"passing the buck" that was ever prac
ticed In the city government of Oakland.
The Board of Education that haa Just
passed out of office knew full well that
if it put the Central School upon a highs
school basis it would have to face a deficit
at the end of the year, because County
School Superintendent Crawford notified
the board that he would not pay the
salaries of the teachers and that they
wovild have to be met by the city. But
the old Board of Education decided that
It would go ahead and pass the settlement
o" the difficulty down to the new board,
which would take office just about tha
time that the deficit would occur.
The new Board of Education- found a
deficit of something less than $20,000 and
pitceeded to pass the matter to the City
Ccuncil, which was confronted with a
deficit of its own. It simply asked the
City Council to furnish It with enough
money to run the school3 and then waited
for the Council to squeeze an already dry
treasury.
But the Council was not going to bo
made the scapegoat for something with
which it had nothing to do and after de
livering itself of various and sundry re
marks about the method of running th»
schools of Oakland in defiance of an abso
lutely certain deficit it managed to scrap©
together $9200, which It transfered to the
high school fund yesterday at a' special
session. This will only suffice to pay
salaries until May 1 and in spite of tha
bland demands that $10,000 more be sup
plied, the Council has passed the matter
back to the Board of Education without
further action.
The Board of Education held an In
formal meeting last night. There was no
way out of the matter except to ask the
teachers to serve for the rest of the term
without salary or take their chances on
the future. The Board of JSducation. de
cided that it would never "a to close the
schools, particularly as it hopes to be able
to ccntinue the Central School* as a high
school. To close the schools and then
cortmue the cause of the closing would
crtate too much sentiment against the
Central School and so the Board of Edu
cation delegated the . High School Com
mittee and the Classification Committee
to visit the High School on Monday and
interview the teachers, asking them ti
ccntinue the school and take their
chances on salary.
School Superintendent McClymonda
claims that a majority of the teachers
will consent to work upon this basis and
it Is quite probable that they will If the
Board of Education makes strong enough
representations to them. '
P. M. Fisher, principal of the Central
High School, says that he and his force
will teach until the end of the term,
salary or no salary.
""My teachers will all be on hand on
Monday." said Mr. Fisher, "and we will
finish the term, taking our chances of
getting any salary at all. It would be a
very bad thing to close the high schools
now and it is fit that the teachers of Oak
land should stand by. the schools in th«
present emergency."
Oakland School Directors to
Make an Emphatic
They "Will Be Asked to
Work Six Weeks
. ~:\ tor Nothing.
POOR OUTLOOK
FOR TEACHERS
The events of ' Monday will close the
cadet career of the 'juniors, except those
who are seeking higher military positions.
Officers for the ensuing term will be an
nounced.
The sham battle will be held on the
Hillegasa tract, south of the university
buildings. The attack will advance from
Telegraph avenue In two columns, one up
Bancroft way and the other iip.the road
back of Harmon Gymnasium. The de
fense will be intrenched along Bowditch
street, with supports and reserves In the
rear. A company near the gymnasium
will form in skirmish line and under the
protection of an embankment will com
mence the attack. Other companies of
the offensive will rush into line and tha
engagement will become general. The de
fense will fall back to a position behind a
hedge and will repell a charge. A second
charge will be attempted and a reserve
company drawn from the center of the
attacking line to assist in storming the
hedge. Taking advantage of this weak
ening the defense will attack the center
and force the flanks of the enemy to re
treat. . . . •
The moraine will be taken up with In
spection of the regiment by Lieutenant
Colonel M. P. Maus, United States army.
Exercises of the afternoon will commence
at 2/o'clock with regimental dress parade
and review. Battalion drill and competi
tive company drill will follow. The com
pany showing the most efficiency in mili
tary maneuvers will be declared the
"banner" company and will carry the
university stand of colors during drill
next year. Lieutenant Colonel Maus will
be judge of the competition. •
BERKELEY, April 2S.— The annual
drill, inspection and sham battle of the
University of California Cadets will be
held \ Monday. Exercises will last prac
tically throughout the entire day.
Companies to Give Exhibi
tion of Their Military
Skill.
Young Soldiers of Uni
versity Ready for
Sham Battle.
COLLEGE CADETS'
ANNUAL DRILL
Captain Bouquet decided that he would
not attempt to beat home without his jib
and made for Point Richmond, where the
craft was anchored and the party was
taken ashore with some difficulty and not
a little wetting.
There were fifteen in the party that
started from the clubhouse this^norntng
for a cruise on the Hope. The day was
appointed for a club cruise, but the com
modore signaled that the cruise was off
because of the storm. Some of the yachts
men decided to go out, and among them
was Ernest Bouquet of Alameda, owner
of the Hope. His wife accompanied him,
t.Ipo a number of invited guests, among
whom were Mr. and Mrs. N. L. Meade, Ed
"Woolford and Ed Welch of Alameda.'
The vessel was taken up the bay and
headed toward California City. On the
beat across the bay the Hope's Jib was
carried away and the vessel became al
most helpless. She fell off into the trough
of the sea and gave some of the party a
lively fright before the navigators man
aged to ease her up and keep her head In
the wind.
A pleasure party on the California
Yacht Club boat Hope met with a mishap
t o-day and v-ts compelled to leave the
partially disabled craft at Point Richmond
;;nd complete the journey home to Ala
meda by way of the Santa Fe ferryboat
San Pablo to Pan Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway April 28.
Craft Finally Reaches Point
Richmond After Great
Difficulty.
Yacht Hope Loses Jib
and Wallows in Trough
of the Sea. .
PLEASURE PARTY
IS FRIGHTENED
SOCIETY SECRETS OF SAN FRANCISCO SWELL
SET TOLD IN CONFIDENCE.
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SAN FKA2S CISCO CALL, MONDAY, AFRIL 29, 1901.
MRS. ERNEST SETON-THOMPSON,. AUTHOR "OP POPULAR WORK, "A
WOMAN TENDERFOOT IN THE .ROCKIES,'? WHO WAS GUEST OF
' -HONOR' AT THE" POWERS^TEA. ' .'.Vl'VS ;r >'" ¦•'. '..' ; . ';
A girl's mission in life is to change her
dresses, her mind and her name. .- ••
Every horserace is a sure thing, but tha
trouble is a man usually beta the wrong
way. . — ___: — •-
A bachelor say3 there's nothing green
about the weeds worn by a young widow.
Mrs. Emeline Baldwin.
SANTA CRUZ, April 2S.-Mrs. Emellne
Baldwin, wife of Lev! K. Baldwin, died
yesterday at the family homo on Berk
shire Heights. She was 78 years of age
and a native of Massachusetts.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 28.— In the
Kentucky Derby to-morrow, it is believed,
Alard Scheck will be first choice in the
betting and His Eminence second choice,
and many turf followers to-night say that
the chances are that the finish will find
these two horses in the same position as
the betting. The Tennessee crowd will
back Scheck heavily, especially the Mem
phis part of It. and Lexington and the
Blue Grass contingent are said to be
ready to bet a fortune on Sannazaro, who,
by some, is thought to have Quite a
chance. -
The track Is lightning fast, and as the
weather promises to be perfect a new rec
ord may be made. The crowd bids fair
to De the largest ever seen at Churchill
Downs. Cincinnati has arranged to s*nd
two trainloads and Indianapolis, St. Louis
and Chicagro will be well represented. The
entries and jockeys are: Alard Scheck,
Henry: Sannazaro, O'Connor; His Emi
nence, Winkfleld; Amur, Boland; Drls
cr!l, Ccchran.
Alard Scheck Is Favorite.
of Ktadera Is Almost In
stantly Killed.
. MADERA. April 28.— While practicing
for a ball game this afternoon F. E. Kirk
patrlck, a young man, collided with an
other player and was almost instantly
killed. It is thought -Us neck was broken.
Lincoln Merchant Shoots. Himself.
LINCOLN, Nebr., April 28.— Norris
Humphrey, for twenty-five years a leading
business man of Lincoln, committed sui
cide to-night by shooting himself. Finan
cial troubles had unbalanced his mind.
IECECVES FATAL INJURY
IN" BASEBAT..T, PBAqTICS
While Preparing for a Game a B07
7
% Ghirardelli's Ground
:| Chocolate pound can 25c
!; Usual price 30c.
H. O. Oatmeal pr pgk ioc
Our usual price.
Albert Roche Sardines
Genuine French: i ran<i ozc '<'
well-known brand. «5 u:> "^ I
Xev; Teas pound 30c |:
J Oolonp, Ceylon. English Break- <\
< ' fast. Green Japan. Reg. 50c. ';
$ St. Julian Claret gal 35c ;!
i Smoothness and flavor of im-'
S ported wine.
Livermore Sauteme gal 50c
No other section of California can
produce Sauterne like Livermore
Valley. Reg. 75c.
Watson's Scotch. Whiskey-
Bottle 90c
; "Cock of the North." Reg. $1.25.
j Sunny Brook Whiskey
Gallon $2.50
"Pure Kentucky Rye"; full proof,
distilled 1SS2. Reg. $3.50.
Bottled Beer, /-'f- f '
Quarts doz 90c :
Pints doz 50c h
"Export Pilsener." < '¦
; Golden Crescent Whiskey \
; Bottle 65c I
> Distillery bottling:; age and qual- >
? Ity absolutely guaranteed. X
Reg. 90c. I
Burke's English Porter \'<
or Ale doz $2.00 \
Wurzburg Malt Extract \
i Doz $[.65 l\
5 Imported. Healthful and nour- I
* ishing. Reg. $2.10. ?THE SAN FRANCISCO CALlf MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1901.
8
FIRST-CLASS musician wishes position: cor-
net or violin. Address 632 Mission St., room 17.
PLUMBER— Young man. 25 years of age. wants
to learn plumbing trade. Box 3812, Call office.
FINANCIAL.
FIRST-CLASS' SECURITIES.
I deal only In first-class securities; the cau-
tious Investor can usually find something in
my office exactly suited to his needs; call
and see me. You are always welcome.
- - T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
-... Room 40, 310 Pine st.
BEST and safest investment In town; 400
shares guaranteed stock . In Smiths' Cash
. Store; incorporated 1894; dividends 10 per
cent. Send for prospectus • and statements
to BARCLAY J. SMITH. 27 Market St.. S. F.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 338 Page St.— Modern top flat 6 rooms, bath
• and laundry; sun all around house; magnifi-
cent view; select neighborhood..
DOLORES, 822, near Twenty-second— 5 rooms,
bath, laundry, etc. ; modern.
BOWIE ave., 5, off Eleventh — Flat of 3 rooms;
cheap rent to small family.
SEVENTH, 46, opposite new postofflce— Flat, 4
sunny rooms; rent reasonable.
NEW upper flat; NW. cor. Turk and Pierce
sts. ; 6 rooms and bath ; $22. ~ .-
FLAT, 4 rooms and bath; rent $12. NW. cor-
ner Harrison and Fremont sts.
3 AND 4 room flats. 2 Hayward St., off Harri-
son, $8 and $11; all clean and sunny.
TO. let— Flat of 4 rooms. 1331 Pine St., near
, Larkin.
SIXTH. 536 A— Upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
rent $12; water free.
3 ELEGANT new flats: Church i»t.. near 18th.
FLATS TO LET — Furnished.
A NICELY furnished modern flat of 4 rooms,
complete; reasonable. 613 Eddy St.
FUnXIi|URE FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— All ' the contents of an elegantly
furnished flat of 7 rooms at a sacrifice on
account of removal from the city. GEO.
GORDON, 2015 Sacramento st. ¦
FOR sale— Nicely furnished 6unny upper flat,
6 rooms, bath; Powell, near Pine; no agents.
Box 4015, Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 10 rooms; aiso firewood,
planks, boards, beams; cheap. 339 Jessie st.
FOR Sale— The furniture of a 7-room flat; fine
location; rent cheap. 1315 Stockton st. •
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves: give us a trial. 1114 McAllister st. '
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
- etc., see W.E.Cody, 7E7 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter St.; tel. James 14L
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus. .merchandise, fur., carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
¦ Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent.l30r. Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
¦ pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A NEAT younir saleslady for extra work in
retail store: part time only: steady work
later; good wages. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
S35 Geary st. ' '• -'
WOMAN to assist in general housework; no
cooking, no washing; references; $12. 1405
Golden Gate ave. ¦ ¦
RELIABLE woman or. girl; general house-
work, small family. ' 1541 ' Treat ave., near
Precita ave., /Folsom street car. .,
WANTED-First-class finishers on custom
coats. Room 100. Donohoe building.
COMPETENT sirl general housework; wages
$20. - Call after 10 o'clock. 719 Cole st.
GIRL to repairmen's clothing at the Califor-
: nia Clothing Renovatory. H6 Geary St. -
ARM waitress wanted; $8 per week. .BRETJSS'
Cafe, 70 Third st. ¦
"WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; big
wages. 40 EIli3'st.. room It. ¦ -
FIRST-CLASS button-hole makers on vests;
wages no object. 9C6 Mission st.
GIRL to assist in dining room; $15 and found.
Potrerd ¦ Hotel. 301 Twenty-second Bt.
FIRST-CLASS operator and finisher on custom
made panta. 461 Jessie it.." ' -; - - ,
TIDY girl, to learn dressmaking; paid while
learning. Spring Valley bldg.. room 129.
W ANTED— A neat nursegirl and assist in up-,
. stairs work. 2930 . Sacramento . st. : . . -\- .
WANTED— Experienced , girls . . . for • tailoring
work at 131 Russ st.; good wages.
GOOD waitress wanted. 7 Taylor etl
WANTED— Experienced . apprentice on custom
.'* coots. _.92ZJMarkft st.. room 622.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO....... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
3 waitresses, first-class resorts. $20; 16 wait-
resses, first-class commercial hotels, $20 and
$25; 6 waitresses, city, $20; 3 chambermaids to
wait, $20: head chambermaid, hotel, $20; .2
chambermaids, $17 50;, 10 extra waitresses,
country, $1 EO day, free fare both ways.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German cook, $35 and $40; 4 cooks and house-
girls. San Rafael and Alameda. $25: chamber-
maid and seamstress, no waiting. .$20; nurse-
girl, $15, sleen home; houseglrl. Martinez,
small American family, choice place, , $20:
many others. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st. - -'..':' ,
Chambermaid to wait, same place ..$20
10 waitresses, different country hotels.. $20, $25
2 restaurant waitresses .$7 week
2 lunch waitresses $4 60 week
2 chambermaids, same hotel $15
3 ironers. city and country $25, $30, $.35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Seamstress and do light work, country $20
Cook, earns place, fare paid ..$25
Cook and second, country $33
Housegirls, mining town, fare paid $23
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, nursegirls..
$10 $25
C. R. HANSEN &CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. "8.. Phone. Grant 185
..'........HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, summer, resort, see party
here • $20
2 waitresses, country hotel $20
Young man for office work, city
Bookkeeper and stenographer $60
42 -cooks, city and country...-. $30 to $60
?,0 waiters, .city and country '23 to $33
Steward. $40; bakers, country shops, $40 and
S50; plain and fancy ironers; kitchen help.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
A— WANTED
6 haying hands ...: $115 and $125 day
Farmer and wife for orchard $40
Danish farmer and wife '. $45
Farmer and milk, fare 50c $25
Yardman for milk depot, city $20
Blacksmith and shoe shop, near city $40
2 single hand miners .*. $42 and board
2 sheep herders ....$25
Handy man for ranch $25
Driver for milk wagon $30
Day cook, chophouse, country $40
Scandinavian farmer $30
Choreman for ranch $20
Milker, 20 cows $25
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
AT CAL. EMP. AG'CY, 59 3d; phone John 3131.
2 carriage painters $2 50 per day
4 drillers, $2 per day 5 laborers, country
" 5 quarrymen .....$1.35 to $2 per day
Blacksmith's helper, horseshoeing
Man to trim hedge, country. ..."
2 milkers, 25 cows $30 per month
5 farm hands $1 per day and board
Man and wife, small ranch.. $50
4 men to cut wood, pine, 4 feet, $1 25 per cord
4 men to make posts ....$3 per hundred
4 men to make ties lie apiece
Sawmill and woodsmen: Free fare
4 FIRST-CLASS carpenters. $3 50 day; 4 single
hand miners, $2 day and board; G carmen for
; mine, $2 day; 8 laborers for country, 20c an
hour; 3 Jobbing blacksmiths, $3 day; black-
smith for city, $3 day; wagon-maker for
country, $2 50 day; sniper. $40 and board:
chain tender. $40 and board; 2 farmers and
wives, $40 and $30; 6 milkers, $30 and $35;
farmers, $25 and $30; choreman; sheep herder,
$25: cooks, waiters, dishwashers and others.
.J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
A — TWO neat young , bellboys with references,
same place; $10 and found; see party 10 a. m.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets to-night. 8:30. 32 O'Farrell I. Less, Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbara' International Union—
"Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary. '
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
marrled men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
service in Philippines. For information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco, -Cal.
"WANTED— First-class coatmaker; steady po-
sition; wages $21 per week; for L. NEW-
MARK, Haywards. Apply room 29, Flood
building. GREEN'BERG CO.
ASSISTANT ¦ bookkeeper and stenographer;
must be familiar with general office work;
.-wages $50 a.month: state experience and ref-
erences. Address E. B. "WATSON. San Jose.
WANTED — One or more partners to assist in
manufacturing business; 60 per cent profit;
no money asked until parties are satisfied.
Apply 2 to 4 p. m. any day, US Phelan bldg.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
$125 cash: no experience required: pay about
$35 month. Quick Service Restaurant, 496
Fourth st. '_ ,
PANTS pressman wanted by , S. N. WOOD &
CO. . Apply et factory, 27 Geary st.
"WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
"WANTED— A pot washer at 907 Kearny rt.
WANTED — A boy ! for stripping tobacco: can
-learn trade. 247 Fifth st. • .- -
"WANTED— A boy in confectionery. 1503 Geary
street. . • ~ ¦
WANTED-X bootblack: barber shop. 1531
Polk st. .-.----
ERRAND boy wanted at 200*4 Turk St., near
Jones. . ¦ "
BARBER wanted at 509 California st. ; short
hours. . - - -
WANTED— A' first-class sober short order cook
at 204 Mason Bf ; wages $15 a week.
WANTED — Young roan for night clerk. Dewey
House, 22 East St. ¦ . ' • .
GOOD' dishwasher at 1201 Fillmore Bt., cor-
ner Turk. , . . ¦•
BARBER shop; must be sold at any price
offered to-da.y. 117 Fourth st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st.. bet. 1st and !d sts.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S48
, ...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. m. Monday
SPECIAL TO-DAY
5 machine miners, large gold mine, $75 and
¦ found, fare paid, we ship to-day; 3 Burleigh
drillers, $2 EO day. fare paid
....TO THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS....
We pay fare — 45 laborers, no experience re-
quired, to work in the mills, yards and
woods $26 and found; fare paid
MECHANICAL HELP
Painter, institution, $75; 3 carriage painters;
2 ship carpenters, country
Wagonmaker and woodworker $75
2 millwrights, $4 day; bricklayer, city; 15
blacksmiths, camps and shops
'....$65, $3 and $2 50 day
7 blacksmith helper?..... $32. $40 and $35 and fd
MISCELLANEOUS
150 laborers, sawmills, mines. R. R, . work,
factories, etc $175 PTirl S2 iir"-
10 single-hand miner?, $60...: drillers. $60
37 haymakers $30, $32 and W5
20 farm hands, teamsters, etc $26 and $30
5 laborers, city factory $1 5tT~day
4 farmers and wives. $50: milker and wife;
25 milkers, city and country $30 and $35
HUSI.VK.SS CIIANCKS Contlnnfil.
fC&O— CIL route, l-.orv, wagon and 200 patent
•-»ne; tfiia :» an oil proposition that pays.
KOIIN. SOLOMON & CO.*. 20 Kearny st.
JIS'AH- GKCCKRl* fruit e.z:d produce store do-
in? ft busings of J<5 per day; full value in
Elgfct. HOHN, SOLOMON' & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.
$C5C — GPOCSRY and delicacy ytore doing fine
buslncrs; established trade; large profits; a.
pood chance to increase the business. HORN,
SOLOMON &. CO.. CO Kfarny et.
?500— CANDY stcrc and ice cream parlors, pay-
ing over JIG-'' per rr.oni'r. profit: fixtures bIoth-
cost more than rrlc* !»«Ue<V, this is a genu-
ine barsata arnl it w!U pay to ir.v.stieate.
HORN, SOLOITO-V & COl. CO Kearny et.
S3CC0— FURNITIjJin store in ba«t business tovrn
on ooar.t; ep.lablislied 17 years: FnRrlfloM In
oivlcr to close estate; exo»nsn cl Investigation
paid by us !f r:ot found as represented.
IIOKN. SOLOMON A CO., 30 ICearny sl._
WE have two shoe stores for rale at nearly in-
voice rrtce; rail and set ra''! c u- ars ; It will
pay yen. IiORX. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st.
WHOLE or half interest In well-stocke'l paying
drug store on Market et. : rent only $65; good
lease; cwner leaving city en account of sick-
ness: a bona fide bargain. IIORX. SOLOMON*
& CO.. 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale. $1400.
or owner will pell half Interest to pood busi-
ness man for $S00: will guarantee S1S0 to $300
per month. HORN. SOLOMON^ CO.. 30
Kearny st. • ¦ .
WHOLESALE liquor store: established 11 years:
doing a business of $40,000 per year; books
open to inspection to reliable parties; terms
If desired; a rare bargain. HORN, SOLO-
MON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$300— BUTCHER shop and trade: fine fixtures;
cost more than price asked to fit up. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny gt.
J5CC— GENERAL merchandise store for sale at
a sacrifice; telephone exchange reduces rent
to $12. HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. SO
Kearny st ; tel. Main 1604.
OLD-ESTABLISHED livery, boarding: and sale
Ftable; 27 horses. 15 boarding horses. 4 hacks,
9 buggies, 3 carts. 3 wagons. 27 sets double
and single harness, blankets, robes, whips,
halters and everything necessary to conduct
the business; income $900 per month: expenses
T600; will inventory $7000; price $5500: owner
must go to Honolulu. Call 1315 Stockton st.,
between Broadway and Vallejo. j
WANTED— Energetic man with $3500 to buy an
old reliable patent medicine business, includ-
ing stock, formulas, secrets, etc.. owing de-
partnre owner. Pleasa call from 4 to 9 p. m.,
Mendel's Pharmacy, corner Washington and
Broderlck sts.
SHOE etore for sale in San Rafael: . money-
making place for a shoemaker. For particu-
lars apply to MAGXES. SEIBERLICH SHOE
CO.. S5 Second st,, San Francisco.
TO LET — Small barber shop in town of Rich-
mond: no rent. Call on or write to D. W.
ENTRICAN.,, East Yard, Richmond, Contra
Costa County, Cal,
WELL equipped French hand laundry: ex-
clusive cash patrons: without competition;
good,, profits poor health cause of sale. Ad-
dress box 2825. Call office.
A MAIL dock restaurant, doing a good busi-
ness, for sale; account of other business.
Apply E97 First st.
BAKERY and restaurant for sale cheap on
account of ill-health. Box 4019. Call office.
AN old-established fine paying • grocery and
bar: on account of departure. 1315 Mission.
FOR Sale— Good saloon: cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Box S7SS. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2300 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO..
faO Market Et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you nave hotel, rooming-house or busini»33
to 6ell list with -us. We have cash customws
for all sizes and prices.
€3 rooms; downtown; modern apartment
house; clears ?300 per month; first-class
InvesLm cnt i34'X)
34 rooms: rent $130; elegantly furnished;
paying house: good perm, and trans Zt>50
13 rooms; choice resident part city; ele-
gantly furnished; upright piano; modern;
% cash; reduced to lOSr.
26 rooms; cor. ; rent 1100: apartment house.. 1650
8 rooms: modern flat; Geary 43)
10 rooms; rent $50; good and clean S."0
18 rooms: all new; oak fur.: full J500
14 rooms; rent 50: good furniture 900
31 rooms; rent 140; piano; sewing machine. S"<0
16 rooms; rent $30; hardwood furniture...... 1000
12 rooms; cor.; boarding-house .'£(0
MARION GRIFFIN By Call Building
719 Market fit.: money to loan. Tel. Black 1803.
10 rooms; rent $33; clears $33 each month. $625
11 rooms; nice fur.: fine carpets; 6 rooms
rented for JSO; 4 blks. N. of Market st.:
terms u cash, % In mthly installments. 850
! 40 rooms: clean; !x»et furnlFhnd In city:
income $393 monthly: strictly respectable 45C0
100 rooms; modern; offices; clears $350 6-W)
, 17 rooms; clearing 570; installments; bar^alr.
24 rooms; electric light In rvery room 1000
II rooms; a flrfit-class transient house l€0rt
IS rooms; housekeeping; rent $50: full.... 10W
17 room?; clears $130; rich and elegant.... 5S00
10 roomr; N. Mkt.; sunny side; $200, bal.
monthly payments; rent ?40; Income $S0 450
EG roorr.s; central; corner; a money coiner 3SC0
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
THK BARGAINS IN THE CITY
W rooms; rent $27 CO .! $S50
22 rooms; rent $47 430
IS rooms; corner: fine for transient 1000
10 rooms; on Eddy et., near Market '.. EOO
18 rooms; on Third St., near Market.. EBO
It rooms; on Mission st K50
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 » 10C0
24 rooms: north of Market; clears $300.... 2000
27 rooms: Just finished; very fine 2600
20 rooms: on Geary st.; clears $135 2400
8-room flat: sunny side 700
500 other houses. 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 7P6.
II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Sth.
SELECT TOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
9 rooms; elegantly furnished: cheap rent.. ?30O
15 rooms; very desirable; large yard 473
25 rooms; Van Ness ave.: something extra 35C0
54 rooms; sunny cor.; worth double 2500
76 rooms; fine location: big money-maker 5000
1C2 rooms; biggest money-maker in city.. 5750
US rooms; particulars given bus. people. 23,000
Hundreds to chocse from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our specail bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 83S Market St.
FISHER «- CO.. 933 Market Rt.. opp. Mason.
4S rooms: north of Market: only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished.... COO
10 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price. '
STYLISH furnished sunny corner: oak folding
beds; rood carpets and bedding; income $100:
rent $25; owner purchased ftore and must sell
regardless of price. FISHER, 335 Market st.
WINSTON. & WOLF. .1026 Market st..
Over Wonder Millinery Store.
9 rooms; rent $30: only fl50
IS rooms; rent $30; a snap 1100
85 rooms; see it and make offer.
35 rooms; fine corner: only.. 2700
8 ronms: downtown flat 200
(500 other houses to select from).
___________
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and for it,
in monthly payments
from the profits
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. E50 Market.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 739 Market Et.
ES rooms; Powell ..$2100
42 rooms; Turk 3000
21 rooms; Third 273
18 rooms; Fifth; good piano included 1000
15 rooms; Ellis; a bargain COO
Many others, north and south of Market st.
isiilobMS: Mission St.: rent $60? price $725.
32 rooms; Mason st. : rent $43; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard: rent $S0; price 51000.
39 rooms On Grant ave.: rent $75; price $1300.
13 room? on Kddy: r*nt }5S: price SC50.
j EUREKA REAL HSTATE, 2S Sixth St.
LODGING-IIOrSES. bcardlns-housM and ho-
tels to suit ev»ry buyer; this office ls licensed;
I am established sltic: 3S92-; I loan money to
b - i;ers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHVt'EINIIARD, phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2, Nr>. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
K00— LODGING-HOUSE. 14 rooms: very cheap
ront: water free; pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.,- 30 Kfarny st. ¦ •¦
14 ROOMS: central: transient; neatly furnished;
I rent $40; bargain. Donnelly Co.. 6S2 Market. 1
SPIIUTUAX<1S3I.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ere; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cui-es sick; enncer removed without
use of knife. 11C4 OTarrcll, nr. Gouch: Ellls-
Et. car; cit.. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
AFTER a severe illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
wcrld-renowned- spiritual medium: advice in
all n.£Tairs in life; laweults. divorces, deaths;
unites iho separated; mining a cpeclalty: cir-
«.les Bun.. Yved.. Fri. eve. : letters nnBwered.
Ilccld. (no clgns). 513 Eddy. bet. Hjde-Larkin.
MRS. LOCISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Majrnctie TIenler. noom 14, 303 T^rkln
St.; tel. Howard 2711: hctrs 30 A. m. to 6 p. rn.
CLAI-IWOYANT, mineral psychnir.ctrJst, polm-
'.st ar.d card reading, 23c. 1241% Market st
KniKNDSIUP Hall. «£ McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
EARLE, €23 Geary s>t., telephone Polk 1237—
Readings daily; scancc3 Tuts.. Thurs. & Sun.'
J CT.AXUVOVAXTS.
MME. \I. bIErNATUV
i THE FAMOUS . ; #
1 Clairvoyant «m1 biislh.-ss medium,-' permanent-
• )y located at IT'Third st.. next Examiner bldg..
I She reads your llf': correctly, slves an accur-
j ate description of the past, reveals the present
hRppeninss and portrays event* to occur in th»
future. It you are In trouble, dircontente'l, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, cr have domes-
tic, lev* or business troubles, consult thisgrcat
medium nnd you will i/e told how to. over-
come them. Valuable a'lvice In all affairs of
life: 25c up:'i perfect ratisTaction guaranteed.
j MRS. DR. F. CLARK. th» w»ll-l:nown trance
I medium, is permanently located at ll"03 Mar-
I ket St., corner Golden Gat*; ave.. rooms 25
j an.i L'fi; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
j . guaranteed -by mail; f«h! Ftamp for pamphlet
j with sr>«>cl*l terms. Dally nnd Sunday:
; MHF.' ARSDT, the crfat clairvoyant, tells past
i ar.d future; never falls; lias the greatest Egyp-
! tian iwcret: shows picture of future hueband
I or wife; fees 25c -up: 'satisfaction' .to every-
body; tips on races. 213V» Bixth st. ¦ . . "
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bo A with double -veil— second sight;
diagnoses diwas-'e with life readinpr; ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm, and dair. sit: SI 30. 12fi Turk.
MADAME WORELI.. tranco medium; read-
ings dally from 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; circles
"Wednesday eveiiinir at S o'clock. 1* Hickory
ave.. off Van Ness, near Market st."
I ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located IMS Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water,
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies
25c. gents 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; ladies, 25c; gents,
COo. 210 Turk st
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladles
25c. gents-fc. 132 Bhcth st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy; palmist; card
reader; 25c up; leaves May 10. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
eittingn daily. USM Jessie 8t., bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. VAUGUST, clairvoyant, card /-eader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 23c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. B Fourth st.
CARPET nEATING AND CLEWING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-S57 Tehama St.; tel. .South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., carp»t cleaning works: work
done reasonable and , guaranteed. • 1703 Harri-
son St., phone 2351.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, S33 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. • Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED or unfurnished cottage of 5
rooms and bath. Apply 2821 Bush st. ¦
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINlcTsoTMar^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for besl crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, pa'nless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaraiiteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 year3; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
6Cc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1143 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates maJe over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extrecting, 50c; gas. given.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St., cc-r. Sutter: open Sundays.
[CURRY. "Dentist"; a'.l work guaranteed, 214
j McAllister st.; phone Mint 276.
[ PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor.- Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.Slo'i G eary.nr. Larkln— Pa ln-
leFS extraction SOc;plates $5up;phone Polkll35.
DR. IT. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. l'\ Painless extraction,
GOc. N. y. Dentists. OGS Mission st...cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless,"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. "
DRESSMAKEHS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating-; .country orders prompt
attention. 321 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
G^lLLAGHER^iXRSII~CoTlc^eT^a?TOtT^ldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
Kuages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc; ; day
& night sessions ; new SO-page catalogue free.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market st. — Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; Individual
instruction; positions secured ; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. . ¦
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,m!ning,mech.;sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 18C4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st:
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand an.l
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few ' pupils In all branches In
oil pajntlng by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E. Call office. '
PROF. MERKI. from Palis, violin, mandolin,
.guitar: experienced. - 1008. Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co.. 24 Montgomery
ave., tel. John 14S1. will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of. railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners/fruit pickers, etc.-
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at' short
notice. 1123 Sutter. nr. Polk: tel. Larkin 2331.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 13a. -
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
ORPHKUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help.426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411U O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426. V
EMPLOYMENT j WAXTED^-FEMALS.
RESPECTABLE young girl wants a situation
take care of 1 child; wages $12 to $15. Please
call IS Cnpp et. t ¦
WANTED— By competent Danish girl, situation
to do eecond work; best' of references. Box
4CS6. Call office. . .
"WANTED — By a competent Scandinavian cook,
situation in sn~.aH American family. Bo\
<C*?S, Call office. ¦¦ » :-...-~.
WANTED— Sltun tion as first-class French cook
by experienced woman; city or country. Box
4027. -Call office. ; .• ' ,
JAPANESE man, is good cook, and wlf«.
vmr.t ' fltuatioE* uith: family in. country.
FRANK TANOKA. 3GS Seventh, st. - Oaklaad.
?- ¦ .- ¦ . : -- 1
A — JOE DONOVAN and Andrew Ryan, black-
smiths, please report. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary St.. .
MEDICAL—ContlTiqea.
DR. AND MRS. I>A\nE^r^Kr^JarVeT"Varti;r
specialists: 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a rel_2
treatment, superior to any other: positive Yru»
guaranteed at office; patients treaWcan re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation frek
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist- t& »«•
succeisful practice: guaranteed treatmen* at
office: any ailment; home before and durine
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and LarkinT
MRS DR ALLEN. 1113 Market-Reliable la-
dles' specialist: best medical care; w f ees.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE..
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery Mel
INTOSH. & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; wa always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
S2 complete outfits on one floor, ready made-
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abova
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 219 Spear st.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $3M*
cost originally $1000. UNCLE HARRIS. IS
Grant ave.
SECOND-HAND machinery of al! kinds bought,
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE.
616 Mission st.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Ptna.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Litage and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
pald~5. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. 3. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close then
out: different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
THOROUGHBRED eggs and incubator chicks.
10c each. Potrero Poultry Yard. 404 Carolina.
SAMPLES ladies' tailor made suits, siza 3*
bust; silk lined; cheap. 819 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH MFG. Co.
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston. 553 Mission St.. nr. 2d.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beala st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & Cd-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 86 Bltucome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern gooda
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento it.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sijes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy a San Francisco steam
laundry. Give particulars and address box
4093. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical gooda. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2323.
JIOSEV TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, «tc. ; do
not borrow of, your friends or you will lo»«
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 908 Market st.
Il ;j°^.^ O . P . E ?. T ?: 13 MORTGAGE
and you need more money, ¦«« H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loan3 on estates In probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gagea. etc. ________^^^____
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 19. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAX A OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bonghti no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
. liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age;^reliableparty^llTOilArke^s^jroorn^SS.
MOST reliable place to borrowj on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room SL 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THB
TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country, 6%, unrtl.
vlded ints. : estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott big.
LOANS on salaries without lndorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg".
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2. ¦
CASH loaned to salaried peoole on note Without
lndorser. MORP.ELL. 609 Examiner bullying. ,
TO salaried peoole without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
MITSICAt, IXSTBCMESTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65 2 Chlckeringa (like
1 Heine baby grand new) $200
(like new) S325 2 Helnes $315 ut>
1 Stelnway $183 1 Hallet-Davls $46S
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. W» handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence, including Hallet- Davis. Indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50.000 in use in most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAT
& CO. may be exchanged^^or a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time -within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAT A CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
AT BYRON MAUZY'S. 30S POST ST.
You are invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self- playing piano attachment:
can be put in any piano; also to Inspect our
piano factory and see how a piano la made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Oabler. Ham-
ilton, Spielmann pianos.
A LOW price and a good article ls what th«»
people want. We have both to offer In the
piano line. An upright for $100 and as
much more as you feel like paying. Call and
see our stock before buying. We can save
you money. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lanrest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER ft CHASE'S. W
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th9
customer.
5 PIANO snaps-$eo, $73. JSO, $125. $130; easy
payments: also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
gain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell
st., Chickering agency.
HAZELTON pianos; none better: special sale
this week of this and other high-grade
pianos; also bargains in second-hand up-
rights. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
A— $4C0; UPRIGHT grand, new, for almost
half. 216 McAllister st.
YOU can obtain a fine upright piano at a low
figure. T. H. KILGO. 846 Mission »t.
PIANO, fine Steck, $50; must be sold at once.
79 South Park.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 360 Hayea st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary St.. room 38. - -
A SMALL Chickering upright. J12S; g uprights,
second-handed: your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
GKNTLEMAN going East must sacrifice hand-
some 3-pedal upright piano. 813 Eddy st.
$45 UPRIGHT; $123 Knabe. $133 Steinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. TTa Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 17C6 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a sons,
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Stelnway.
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 203 Post »t.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jonea «t.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hartman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright pian«.
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market «t.. 4 elegant ut>-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 -Latham place.
OFFICES . AXD STORES TO LET.
CHOICE offices: suites; suitable for physician,
attorney or dentist; $£2 50; also desk room.
917 Market st.. room 2.
HARRISON. 930— Store and 4 living rooms:
good location; $15: will be fitted up for lo»«
term tenant. Apply 938 Harrison st.
MARKET. 27—3 upper floors for storage or
light manufacturing; will be subdivided to
suit tenants. Apply or. premises.
LIGHT, sunny offices $15 to $20. Emma Sprecfc-
els building, 927 Market ft
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook for large hotel, $110; hotel butch-
er, large hotel, $75; foreman, cake baker and
confectioner,- country, $75; laundryman and
wife, country, $90, fare paid; waiter and wife,
country hotel, $45; second cook, country hotel,
$50; third cook, springs. $30; chef fdr cafe,
south, $85; 4 restaurant cooks, $50, ,$60, $65;
waiters, city and country, $25 to $40; 20 dish-
washers and kitchen hands, $20 to $30.
C. R. HANSEN &CO 104 Geary st.
~ HELP WANTED FEMALE— Con.
WANTED— Middle-aged lady as companion:
.good home. SiOA Clementina st. . •
BuTTON-HOLE maker and finisher on custom
coats; good pay. 115 Russ St. r __
WAITRESS wanted at restaurant. • 515 Valen-
cia Et.
WANTED— Nurse for 3- children; wases $15;
references." 1C34 Fell st.
WANTED — A lunch waitress for restaurant.
• Apply at 631 Clay St.
WANTED-Second girl for chamberwork. wait-
ing and sewing; references required: good
wages. Call at 2119 California st., 10 to U
a. m. or 5 to 7 p. m.
WANTED — German girl to do general house-
work for Sausalito bakery; wages $20. 616
Green st.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework; help
take care of children. Call at 3953 Twenty-
flf th St., . near Sanchez.
WANTED— Front hands on neglige shirts;
steady .work; good prices. LOWENBERG &
CO., 27 Jessie st., fifth floor. -
OPERATOR on pants; must be first-class;
steady work; high wages. BELASCO-HAR-
RIS CO., E41 Market st.
BUTTONHOLE maker, finishers and appren-
tices on custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO., oil Market st.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdressing College, 574 G«ary.
MILLINERY taught in 8 months; positions se-
cured when competent'; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College. S74 Geary st.
LADY to assist giving vapor baths; fair pay;
¦ state age ; good home. Box 2883. Call office.
SEWERS wanted to take work home. 723 Mar-
ket St.. room 35. '^.
IRONERS wanted. ,723 Market st., room S3.
WANTED — Widow; good appearance; $40 and
expenses; references. Box 2SS9, Call office.
WANTED— Firet-class tailoress on coats; good
wages. 850 Market St.. rooms 3 and 4. •"
WANTED— 2 buttonhole makers on coats;
wages $12 per week. 135% Natoma st.
WANTED— Good waist hands and skirt hands.
752 Geary st. '•
WANTED— Experienced hairdresser; also ap-
prentice.- 240 Stockton st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tore. t EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market St.
HELP WASTBD-MAIiE.
A^cT^^A^iE^r^^a^sTrrrr^ioT^e^nrsti
. RAILROAD WORK .%....
25 laborers $175
Free Fare : Ship to-day
For the Big Tunnell — Chatsworth Park..'..
Headers, $2 60; corner men $2 50.. drillers, $2 20
¦Muckers, $2 outside laborers, $175
Also Opportunities for
Carpenters and machine men $2 50 and $3
Wages Paid in Cash
No Discount Free Fare
25 white coal miners and 2 machine to run
link belt electric under cutters for coal mines
in New Mexico; best going wages'; free fare;
apply in person or by letter. .
20 farmers for orchard work, $25 and $26; 10
milkers, $30; millwright and sawfiler. $100; 12
men to dig trenches, 20c a foot; 3 black-
smiths, $2 25 and (2 50 a day; 4 blacksmith's
helpers, $1 25 and $2 25 a day; B0 woodchop-
pers, $1 EO a cord.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced < German. 35 years
of age), wants position. ROETHING. 1214.
Laguna st. ..
YOUNG Frenchman, 25, highly educated and
speaking several languages, wants position.
. Box 4020, Call office.
COMPETENT rlgbullder wishes engagement to
take charge of a gang in the field to build
rigs and derricks. Address H. 8., 1063 Mission.
GOOD Japanese boy wishes situation as school
boy. C. . YAMADA. J. Y. M. C. A.. 121
Halght St.
YOUNG man, German would like position at
bartender; city or country; best of references.
Address G. "M. f 1104 Larkln st.
THOROUGH bookkeeper, office and salesman
is looking for position; willing to invest $200
to J300. Box 4097, Call office. . .
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy, wants to learn to
make beds; will do other light work; no milk-
ing; small wages. HOWARD, 135A Sixth.
RANCH foreman wants position to take charge
of a ranch; has had 15 years' experience: can
furnish good California reference^ Address
box 4082, Call office.
AN experienced grocery salesman Just from
the East; also good merchandise packer;
moderate salary; good references. ELWELL,
48 Fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED (German) married man, me-
«fianic, experienced in superintending and
* managing quartz mines and other business,
wishes- a steady position at a fair salary;
city or country. Address box 4091, Call.
TWO good men wish to work on a large ranch
at same place; wages from $30 up and board.
Apply 224 Fourth Et, room 3.
YOU^G married man, epeaks several lan-
guages, wants position. Address 300o, <-ail.
WELr WAXTEP — M ALE^__I_~
character, between the ages of : a and^ to
not less than 5 feet 4 inches arfnot 0 ,;
feet 1 inch, able to read and speak Engusn.
For further information apply at the Recruit-
ing Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEX-Our catalogue «*»»««'»*
the trade in two months, saving WT«J;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec
tion with our college ; chairs and 'urnlture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience. „
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 6*> Clay si.
Beware of any cheap lmltattons. -
PROF. JOHNSON teaches you to cook profes-
sionally better than your mother-in-law. 64
elegant soups from same stock, to earn J a
per mo.: $1 per lesson; classes f 3l 'y- n P^"
anthropist Club. 323 First St.. tel. Green 361.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body m***"-
steady employment to right party and fl.st-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— 2 tailors: coatmaker and a general
tailor; steady work: pay general tailor. SIS
per week; coats. $7 up. Address W. «•
WALKER. Bakersfleld. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to V per week. .
"WANTED— First-class cook for hotel: refer-
ences reaulred. C. E. EMERSON. Susan-
vllle. Cal.
WANTED— Watchmaker: must be first-class:
state experience and salary expected; refer-
ences. Arply to H. MORTON. Jeweler. San
Jose, Cal.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.
'A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market st.
WANTED— First-class silk and dress goods
salesman; state ase. experience and salary
expected. Apply box -4084. Call office.
WANTED— First-class window dresser: state
age, experience and salary expected. Apply
box 4C63, Call office.
METAL polishers and grinders: some with ex-
perience preferred. S. F. Novelty and Plat-
lng Works, 6S-76 First st. _^__^
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
GENERAL tailor wanted: steady work. M. J.
O'Malley, merchant tailor, Martinez, Cal.
WANTED— First-class coatmaker; good wages.
S50 Market st., rooms 3 and 4.
TAILOR wanted on fine custom coats: steady
work; good pay. 533 Natoma st.
CARRIAGE painters. O'BRIEN. 500 Golden
Gate ave.
WANTED— Two bushelmen. Apply at the
. Hub, 132 Kearny st.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs; cigar stand corner
and living rooms; bargain. Box 40S1. Call.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, lac and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 662 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PANTS pressmen wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army ehoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50o up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices Tor $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEXTHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition,
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; fres
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencla st.
JWRSES AMD A yA£«XS-
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— Light span of mares, camping
wagon and harness. 1202 Mission St., room 2.
$40— SMALL, sound horse. 132 Henry st.
SECOND-HAND adjustable seat trap buck-
board and phaeton cheap. O'BRIEN'S. 500
Golden Gate ave.
5 SECOND-HAND xprlnkling wagons in good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds "of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st. -
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, /single, also light
; camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^P^tlN^Eli^IJCS^HoiiB^^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
PERRY, 208, near Fourth— House of 4 rooms;
rent $7 50; water free. Apply G. H. UMBSEN.
14 Montgomery st.
NICE sunny corner house, 6 rooms and bath.
$16. Corner of Hill and Church sts., be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
$45—8 ROOMS and large finished basement and
large yard. 1615 Bush St.. near Franklin.
HOTEL TO LEASE.
TO lease. $100 a month, hotel of 44 rooms; cen-
trally located; south of Market. Apply, 3
days, box 1538, Call office. ,
COUNTRY FURNISHED HOUSES.
CORTE MADERA; furnished cottage, 4 rooms;
fine view. W. E. JACKSON. 612 Montgomery.
SAUSALITO COTTAGES.
FOR Rent — A sunny cottage in Sausallto: 10
minutes" -walk from ferry; take the bus.
MRS. A. D. BELL, Elderberry place.
SUBURBAN RESIDENCES.
LARKSPUR — House of 3 rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; also 2 rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, for the summer; no children.
Box 4056, Call office.
INSTANTANEOUS ,WATER BEATER.
HOT bath any minute for 2%c: will flow boiling
water in 30 seconds; saves fire in range; call
and see it in operation: send for illustrated
pamphlet. RIBBON WATER HEATING CO..
Examiner building, room 607.
LOST AND FOUND. ~~
LOST — Foxterrier dog; left side of face and
part of ear black; liberal reward. EDWIN
W. JOY, 431 and 433 Kearny, Phone 1033.
PICKED up In the bay— 2 barges and 3
pontoons; owners can have the same by call-
ing on • N. MOLLER, 1310 Montgomery st..
S. F., and paying salvage. ,
LOST— Knight Templar watch charm; finder
return to 423 Lyon; reward.
LOST— Fox terrier dog; black and tan head-
black spot on left hind quarter. Return to
W. L. B. MILLS, 3007 Jackson St.; $5 reward.
LOST— Cocker Spaniel; white and black, short
tail: collar duplicate dogtag No. 442. 603
Eddy st. and receive reward.
LOST— Small silver watch with gold tassel on
Sutter st.. between Mason and Kearny. Re-
ward at 953 Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
LOST— Discharge paper of GEORGE HER-
man. musician. Company D, U. S. "V Re-
turn to 2747 Lombard st. , "
LOST— Small buckskin bag. containing thres
ladles* rings: finder will be suitably reward-
ed. Box 4057. Call office. rewara-
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing O Nolt*
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
MATRIMOSUL. (
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladloa
Bend 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 70C i Ellis let
MATTHKSSKS ANO BPH «> I.ITHH V.
MATTRESSES and plllowsT~teT iSuth™^
to order or renovated, feather . and hair
cleaned; expert carpet cleaning; strictly reli-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh st.
. MEDICAL. ~~~
A-RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only-
. my regulator has no equal- all classes Tof Z'
male comulainta relieved , by taSftmeift rol
o««« of "^fortunate: the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
SSnit ««*"?*"_ w111 do thIs; the most dif-
»SVi»rt TT. tr p a^ :^ entIfl<! methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Markt.
A |r^^ ATi /. E ?*7 tha f ls e«aranteed to give
nstant relief for all female complaints: the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
A - D '- V- Popper, the well-known female gpe-
S,£!. t V.. cu S e " a11 fema '« complaints in one
L.lv° Best and mosl obstinate cases
relieved without pain; every woman her own
¦physician: can be sent;, experience in all
cases for 37 years. 12 Mason st.. near Market.
D !h^2. a MRS - GOODWIN. 1033 Market st.. nr.
f"? — Expert specialists; well known and rell-
?« yi ?' experlence: treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles:
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
WANTED— Situation by man and wife as
waiter, and cook for man, or camp. etc.
• Address Box C003 Call Office.- / ¦
YOUNG man would like to go to Alaska; ex-
perienced with mining machinery and auto-
mobiles. Room 571. Winchester Hotel.,
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— »IALE.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket-2C0 rooms: 25c to Jl 50 per night; $1 50 to
?S week; convenient and respectable; free bus
end baggage to and from ferry.
SAX FKAXCISCO CALI-
7.X-ELVESS OFFICE -cf The Sin F'anclsco
CsIU c rner cf Martet and Third streets; open
IL-r-.-.iI 12 o'clock c-vc-y nliht in Uio
IUIA2CCU QVVlcr.X— IZi M.-nt»om-"y street,
ctrcr City; ei»n un'.ri 0.20 p. m.
?,'A \laya rtrcet; oj-en until 3"I0 P- m.
fit 11'A!!l«*/.r »tr»<:r: open until 3:39 p. m.
CIS L*iMn «-trrtt: &p«T. until 9:"0 p. rn.
3?11 MUs'on .-.tr?«t; op«rn un:Il 10 p. m.
r:u M.--rVet eU*cU corner Sixteenth: open
•05 Kleventh «:.T«-t: or*n until 9 p. m-
ic% Valencia Kr-et: or-^n wall 9 P- rn.
Northwest correr Twr.niy-s-cord and K.n-
tn<*ky streets: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEn'^GATE Commandery *°- 1G . «J§-
K T.. Golden Gate building. ES§™$- S*^
ler st— Special Msembly THIS EVEN- gj
IXG at S o'clock. The order of the TOp
Temple and Malta will be conferred.
All fr2.terfi are courteously invited.
All «*7iSx5unn McMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
RAN FKANCISCO <^aTiter"NoM. Royal
\rch Masrn*. meet THIS EVENING. JLJ\
P.. H. Degree. _____
CH~eir>KNTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. Jk
M —THIS MONDAY (EVENING}, at
7 30 o'clock. Third derree. Master Ma- "KJC
c, :ns cordially invited. By order of the '
W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. ¦
will meet at Masonic Hall on TUES- _J\_
PAY, the 30th. st 9 a. m.. to attend the Ki(
funeral of our late brother, HOWARD '¥1
M. BLOCK. Master Masons are invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and ¦
A. M.— Fillmore St.. between Bush and ,_*%_
Sutter CFranklin Hall). Third degree j£j\
THIS EVENING at 7:S0 /V*
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
A. O. H.. Division No. 2.— The mem-^fflh
lien* of this dlvislo'n are ordered to as- \AwS
pemble at Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth "eyfl
rt.. on MONDAY. April 29. 1901, at gCVg?
9:30 a. m., to attend the funeral of nTc2>
cur late brother, PATRICK O'BRIEN.
JOHN' KENNY. President.
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting of Cooks' and Waiters'
Alliance TO-NIGHT, 102 O'Farrell. Important.
AGENTS AV ANTED.
A FinST -CLASS ar»nt in each city and county
to handle an automatic window cleaner, "just
patented," which supplips water, washes and
dries the window; a quick seller and good
profits: email capital required: exclusive ter-
ritory assigned ; call at 413 Kearny et. and
see; pample by mail ?1 25. B. S. HARRIS.
V.' ANTED— A local ag«nt in each township to
rell our up-to-date publications; good re-
muneration ¦ for flrat-class people. Address
FTEPHENSON. box Ii4, Sacramento, Cal.
LADY egents— Best selling article ever intro-
duced; sells at sight: good profit: no risk;
9 to 12 a. m. The Novelty. C01 Post st.
:V A FEW more agents wanted at 347 Third st.
WANTED— Agents, city and country; some-
¦';• thing new. 3 Taylor st. '
SOLICITOR for milk. Apply at 119 Point Lobos
ave.. between 7 and 9 a. m. ¦
ASl'HALTUM KOOFIXC.
3. PELTIER, aprhalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired : postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
A1>OI»TIOS.
C<".OD home oppn for healthy boy and girl ba-
Mea. MRS. DR. FU.VKE, 1416 Sth. Alameda.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charpes unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
UOAUniNG KOIl CHILDREN.
CHILD to board and room and board for
parent, by respectable German lady; rea-
sonable. Call S33 Greenwich St.. cor. Jones.
WOMAN -wishes a child to board; a mother's
care. Apply 27 Geneva st.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board. 433 Minna Et.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or S children to
bo«r<2: yard: best cf care. 3607 California st.
Ul'SIXESS CHAXCES.
A^^oT^ESTAT:RANT, with 7~rooms "and
bath; very choicest business location; rent $33;
investigate ar.Q make an offer; a rare and
good chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'/4 Kearny.
A— 51000; SALOON with 9 roomi. surrounded by
fa'tories, warehouses and lumber yards; large
transient trade; rent J40. Call EL G. WILKE,
"6Vt Kearny i-t.
A— $3000; GROCERY Etore < without bar) doing
a large and profitable cash business; choicest
location in city. Particulars R. G. V.'ILKE,
;C v j Kearny st.
A— J2000: HOARDING and livery stable. West-
/ Addition: net rrat S4S; clearing above $150
* per month; large patrcnas-e; stock of bug-
trie?, hordes and hanret first class. CrIi It.
O. WILKE. 1'6'j Kearny st. * j
A— J40": BRANCH bakery and delicacy store: j
rent JJS; living rooms; location can't be beat; j
Kood bueines?. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C»i Kear-
ny Et.
A— J75C: STATIONERY, variety store; cigars
end icecream; stock invoices $1000: must be
fold at once: owner engaged otherwise. Call
II. G. WILKE, 2CU Kearny st.
A— tlS-'<0: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
. Keaji-.y St.; rent $75; clearing $180 per month;
rtaily receipts about $60. Call R. G. WILKE.
CC'i Kearny si.
A-:"C00: HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining
hall, etc.: niu $75; place established many
years: doing a •itady, good-paying business:
i-are chance for :>arty speakinr French and
German. It. G. WILKEA2SV4 Kearny st.
A -$4000; FALOON en Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135: sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice: a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A— S20C0; PARTNER wanted in old established
flower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc.;
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all descriptions; established many years and
fining a money-making business. Particulars
II. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
,AAA- 100 CIGAR stands. £00 groceries and bars.
303 candy and ice cream stores. 500 restau-
rants. SOD stores of all kinds; partners wanted !
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you !
want to buv a business call and see us. '
WALTER HAYES & CO., S33 Market st. \
FOR private tale — Some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S
Market Bt.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles cigars, notion*
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 753 Mkt.
A FIN'E restaurant; city front; J1500. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 733 Market st. |
»C50— DELICACY, fruit, poultry and flsh store;
adjoining town; well established and -well
stocked; rent $13. JOSEPH BAILIE. .'C9 Mkt.
Jir.00— PARTNER wanted: manufacturing busi-
ness; lar?e rales; cayh trade: staple goods.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777».t Market st.
IlSOO-^DAIRY and milk route with cattle, near
<-lty: going to Euror«» csn^ of sale, ilc-
LAUGHLIX & CO., 777'A Market st.
$sno~«ALOON: rare chance for the right man
to acquire a good paying business; guarantee
?:f>0 ppr month clear of all expenses; cheap
rent: 7 good living rooms; no better location
in the city. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
?250— PARTNER wanted in an old established
• ash business; owner w«ll known practical
business man: profits average $S0 a month
to eaih. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. C'i2 Market Et.
LADIES or Gentlemen of good faith, with a
riapital cf tZOO or more, to Uo company errand
In foreign country: a very good paying bnsi-
:i*ts for some party as above described. Uox
"VS Call Office.
KIX>HIST and decorators; 3 living rooms; gco-i
stand: <-hoar>: ovcer has important fngare-
mrnt elsctrhete. CHAS?. WILLllOTT, "sis
Market st.
JTW-RARGAIX: 5ir.all coffeo and chrphouse
doing good bi:sincss: pultab!e for man. and
*vi». Apply Sir; Eighth st.. forenoons. - !
NOTION and varictj- Mr.re; lers than cost of
stfck. thro* larso living rooms; no scents,
rue Powell. . .
HESTALTAXT for sale ckeap o.-. .-ccount of
departure; living roorcs complete. -S6 Sec-
ond St. . • , v
. OLD-ESTAELISH"D and pood paying bakery
- and confectionary; Western Addition- cause
cf selling, sickness. 214 Devlftadero ri.
WANTED-- In a busln«s tr.^it wlil jear clos-
.•rt scrutiny, partner with ?600: very best
references reqai-ed. Bnjc 4C77. Call office.
S16" — PARTNER w-tnteai: saloon. CM Comnvrr-
rial rt.. Fcrond door from Kearny: rer.t $20.
J3fiO— PARTNER m dyeins. cleaning; ?ood man';
experience r.ot n?c»rj-»»ry. 1421 Point Lcbrs av.
J*"OR sn!<- — Oindy Ftcre and icecream parJcr;
good location. Irf;ulre at IC12 Market st.
TOR sale— Branch bakerr and notion store 501
Fourth «t. ; no.arentr. ...
SALOON: old-established corner; 2 sunny liv-
ing rooms: must Fell; other business. 534 4th.
P>RTnER wanted; ri'iEt be a good cook or
wsitcr. Bos 4W6, Call office.
-
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP— FEMALE.
COMplET^T^ersoiT~wants Place^ a* cook;
willing to assist. Apply Monday at 711 jShot-
"well st.. between 21st and 22d and fcolsom and
Harrison. .
WITHygood references, I want a place as cook
in boarding-house or institution, in this city.
Address YEE LING. 20 Prospect place, city.
YOUNG man. strictly sober, wishes work of
any kind. Box 4052, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position in wholesale
house; references. '83 Shotwell st.
GENTI
Bend 1•ward J. Sexton died in intense agony at
the Sisters' Hospital Friday night at 8
o'clock. Sexton shot himself with suicidal
intent last Thursday because he had got
drunk after seven years* of total abstin
ence. The bullet went into the lung and
grazed a blood vessel which burst and
caused death. Mrs. Sexton had been with
him constantly from 11 o'clock Thursday
morning up to the time of his death, and
realizing that he could .not live long the
husband told all of his story and was for
given. Funeral arrangements will be made
on the arrival of Sexton's"father from San
Francisco.
DIZS IN GREAT AGONY
AFTER SHOOTING HIMSELF
Edward Sexton Indulges in Liquor
to End Iiong Abstinence and
Commits Suicide.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Col., April 28.— Ed-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1901.
2:30 r
a ."5
9
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
•WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered.
SS up. Jensen & Bath. SOS Sixth: on?n even.
3.000 ACRES oil land In various counties for
loase and fale. ROBINSON. 3C Geary St.. r. 6.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
»>pft localities. If you are looking for lands
rr wifh to invest in stocks of the leading oil
rernpanies i call 1 on us before going elsewhere.
PHKA A- PETERSON. S01 Examiner building.
OIL LANDS.
OJI-. tanks, second-hand. In good order- all
yjzey; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission *«t.
.7O.«rrH n. toplitz. 330 Pine st
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE
Country Correspondence Solicited.
FOLSOM, 525 — Large sunny furnished suite;
front rooms; $9 month.
FULTON. 37 — Large furnished room; suitable
for two; gas.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands in the
best districts; investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.: a good investment: water trans-
portation. <(^EsanTlrierJbIg^464 Sth. Oakland.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
IZ200— A snap; rents $24; near Jones and Post
6treets.
$3750— A snap; O'Farrell st., north side; 40-ft.
front: rents $40.
K500— Four brand new flats; all rented. $72;
eaf=t of Van Ness ave.
J9000— Grand investment; 100-foot front; near
Taylor st. ; rents $100. '
$10,000— Store and 2 elegant flats; pays about
7 ner cent net; all rented.
J12. 500— Leavenworth et.: rents $105; lot 55-
fooj^ front: all rented.
$7500 cash invested and assuming a mortgage
will buy 3 elegant flats paying $98 over taxes,
water, etc.. monthly; strictly modern.
S1S.000— Howard St.. downtown: fine 4-^tory
building, with basement; rents $125.
$25.000— Greatest bargain In city: lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building; all rented, and
pays positively over 8 per cent net; within a
few blocks of Chronicle.
?25.OOO— McAllister St.; 50-foot front; new im-
provements; rents $*000 a year.
$33.000— New Improvements; rents $215; BO fee 1 *.,
front: close to Sutter and Leavenworth sts.
S36.0CO— Mission St.; 70 feet frontage; down-
town district.
$40,000— Grand investment; few blocks from
Tivoll; one tenant; rents $4000 a year.
$5").OOO — Grand corner: 60-foot front; few blocks
from Ornheum : pays 6 per cent net.
$75.000 — Grand corner; CO-foot front; within
block of Tivoli: old Improvements; rents J4C0.
Other bargains.
Airiy A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on AV. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
WHY <lo we sell 60 much of our S-ccnt oil
•toekf Because It is reliable and offers extra-
rrdinarv chances for quick and sure prottt:
.rrd for prospectus or. better sf.ll, see us'
Tp,n evenir.es. PACIFIC STATES MINING
«nd INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post Et.; estab-
lished ira3^ .\^:.'
REAX. .ESTATE — CITV — FOR * ALB.
I'ATEXTS AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
OEO n. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
VAN NESS. D30
Bachelors' . apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Elegant
large sunny rooms, suitable for family of
adults; excellent table; also single rooms;
beautiful grounds; references.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.
41R MentenmTV *t.. morn* P-1 1 *; fol. r.ssn.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
GOLDEN WEST Storaae Warehouse. R40 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint IKL F. W. ZKHFI7SS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
PR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
count ry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUMS Epyptlan Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
STORAGE >VND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODO/LPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINR Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore it. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
One acre on Fruitvale ave; 40 prown fruit
trees; east frontage; very desirable; fine
neighborhood: n«?ar school: on electric line.
P. H. BLAKE. E. 14th St.. Fruitvale P. O.
17.85 acres of land; near electric road; suit-
able to cut up in half-acre lots; very cheap:
part on mcrtsase; long time.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
MODERN 5-room cottage; lot 37:6x130; east
front: sewered; near station and school; only
$20 per month down; interest 7 per cent; fcr
only a few days.
C. LANDECKER. 20 Montp* y— Watches cleaned
anil repaired.no matter what's broken.$l;guar.
Ladles' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman. SSI Folsom ;tel. Folsom llfll.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
OLD rold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market et.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market St.. nf. Sixth
I>r Harriett "Welch. 211S Bush: hours 2 to 3, ex-
cert Th. and Sat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st
Fine 8-room house; 1 block from U. C.
grounds: street work done: south frontage;
fine location: only J350O. MAY & MORTI-
MER. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
$2000 — House of 7 rooms and bath; street
work all done; near depot and electric cars;
rented steadily for fl6 50 a month; this is a
good buy.
JS50 — HERE is a snap: pretty cottage of 4
rooms; lot 40x100; fenced; fruit and shade
trees; good well; dirt cheap.
SCHOOL to learn halrdressing. hair work, man-
icuring: r r i VEte lessons or class. MISS A;* V.
POTLE. 1T04 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
¦\YHITE en.-xnael iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
REDTfETEV ATWEDTTCEMEMTC
dlKIvULli AUYrJillorJUrJXlj
ERIK. 59. corner Howard — Bay-window front
room: sun all day: with board; two; tSS.
FIRST. 323 (Philanthropist Club)— Table board
and sunny rooms, $13 per month.
NICELY furnished sunny room with board:
private family. 936 Valencia, cor. Liberty.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st.. between Harrison and Bryant. .
AT summer rates: attractive rooms: special
tnble: wine dinners. K07 California St.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley, 7 minutes' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200:
well cultivated. For particulars Inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR, 404 Sansome st.
EI,KCTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: Jl 60 to K p*«" week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch ?13 up; fine dress suits, J"0 up; ele-
pant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; J5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk et., San Francisco^
WRITE J. W. HORN. SI! Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonnmn Co. real estate bargains.
WRINKLES— Call and see woman wrinkled on
one fide, smooth on the other: $1000 forfeit for
a case of wrinkles we cannot remove. N. Y.
Tnst. Dermatology. 10S Ellis St.. 8. F\
NEW house, with 1H acres of land for sale.
N. BUCKLEY. P. O. box 174. Petaluma, Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
SHERMAN Apartment House. - 23 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished:
BUY iu Napa County: no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to f30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths,.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent. 719
Market St., by Call L-ldg. — Free circulars de-
scribing farms for dfile all over this State.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
$6000—600 ACRES adjoining Redding: close to
the northern oil fields: similar formation;
will be sold at a bargain, as cash Is needed.
Box 2SS6, Call office.
100 ACRES first-class land; Portola Valley; 6
miles from Redwood City: 65 acres under cul-
tivation; running stream; new house, 7
rooms; shrubbery, flowers, etc.; will be sold
at a sacrifice. James Mason. 425 California st.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Furnished bay-
window; sun all day; mantel; folding bed;
Welsbach. ¦
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 923— Large nicely furnished front
room, $10; hall bedroom, $3.
POND, 72. near Seventeenth and Noe — 2 nice
sunny parlors, unfurnished; bath; $S.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.-Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
-\FFLICTED. COME! 'We will locate your
disoase free -without asking questions, looking
at tongue or feeling pulse and tell you how
to get well without knife, drugs or worthless
instruments; this is not a faith cure, but
scientific methods of treatment. Nervo
Pathic Co.. 227 Larkin st. '¦
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DU G. F. MOORE, 4SS Geary st. and you
will not >>e disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed ;.» preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
THE Microbane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary st., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff: Micrcbane Hair Grower cures all cases:
we als=o remove Rupei-fluous hair; call and see
us. Microbane Medical Co.. 411 Geary st.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
tvhieh w'.ll turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red. and blonde hair a rich golden.
In from four to twelve hours, according to
thsde required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 4C* Sutter Et.
PERSONAL,*.
MISSION, 661. near Second — An elegant front
room; suitable for two: rent $8. ,
A BEAUTIFUL home; 11-acre fruit ranch:
trees- in full bearing this year; hard-flnlshed
house. 7 rooms and bath, furniture, horse,
vehicles, a good well; cheap for cash: owner
going East. Call or address J. WOOD, 2619
Clay Bt.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sala
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MASON, 2134 — Furnished rooms; also suite
with pianof'rent reasonable. •
JESSIE, 637— Newly furnished room in private,
family; gentleman preferred.
JESSIE. 363. nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
room3. {4 and $5.
HYDE, 1026— Unfurnished large sunny front
rcom and bath. ?S; furnished room. $6.
HYDE. 133— Nice large sunny rooms; gas, clue-
ets and runnlnsr water.
HOWARD. 959— Nice front room for two, $7;
also single room. $3; private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GOLDEN GATE. 730— Xicely furnished single
hall room, bath, $6; private; German.
SUMMER KESOUTS.
COMPLETE camping outfit at Larkspur for
sale, with choicest Ideation of ground. For
terms, etc., nddress box 40SS, Call ofllce.
LADY having own mMern cottage would take
2 or 3 summer boarders: pleasant., quiet place
for invalid or old lady. MRS. H. JOXES.
Mcnlo Pa:k.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JI250-LOOK AT THIS,
Fine modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath, etc.,
high basement; only a few blocks from the
Central Bank: mortgage J1650 can stand;
nice open lawn.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
A- MOHNS. 19 Market St.. for finest wines and
lifjuorc: biggest house; open Sundays.
17 CASES Imported porter, $10 50 per case; per
dnifn. SI ':>: r.000 gallons very old sherry and
port wine, vintage '88. Jl per grallon; 2000 gal-
lons old Riesling, per gallon 60c: per case.
$3 C5; old McBrayer whisky. 3 bottles for $2.
FERDINAND HOLTUM. Johannlsberg Wine
Vaults. 617 California Bt.
PICNIC SUPPLIES
NEARLT 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to SO
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference: no chloroform.
surgery or delay from business, and no
lahu for iiale. Particulars, addrons Physi-
cian, box znt>. Cull offle*. f?. F., Cal.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
NAVAL Officer, and wife desire two unfur-
nished rooms and bath, with board. In private
¦ family at Onkland or Alameda. Box 3002. Call
JIARBIED. \
CUMMINS— SCHRODER— In this" city, April
28, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. WMlaon;
George W. Cummins and Helena W. Schro-
der, both of San Francisco.
LILLEY— DEHN— In this city, April 28, 1901
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, James
Albert Lilley and Annie C. T. Dehn, both of
Ant loch. Cal.
PREQUET— HEWITT— In this city. Aoril 28
in Howard-street M. E. Church, by the Rev
Dr. John A. B. 'Wilson, Joseph Walter Pre-
quet and Grade Hewitt.' both of San Fran-
cisco.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
im.KzJW/o'*' «fc Co.. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
I 1239 Market St.. between Sth and 9th.-
1 Telephone South 247. •
EARGAIX-That elegantly decorated now mod-
era 10-room residence. YZ Cole Ft.; open daily.
CLIFFORD. W« Ellis, cor. Mason— Elepantly
furnished tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DOLORES. 133S. bet. Twenty-seventh and
Army— Large front sunny room, furnished.
MODERN eottajre* » n -I fiats built: reapormblr
plan* furnished, Sa!lf-bury.bu!iaer.l333 Market
FOR the boft located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest cull vn XV. J. Qunn, tI0 California.
EDDY. 4ir.— Unfurnished basement. S rooms;
dry and sunny; larye yard; reasonable.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, .
SI EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. •". . « San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.'
FTOP PAVING RENT.
You want a home: here Is a genuine bargain:
4 rooms. Ftablo; lot Ii4x2.'>; plank driveway;
cement Fidfwa'.k. bituminir.ed block: must be
jold; call: don't delay: $1130 asked: make offer.
Owner. <13 T»-«-nty-ninth Bt.; Mission-st. cam
pass door.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) i
DANIEL P. DONOVAN'. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. '
Telephone Bouth SO. : >¦'¦•..¦ -u „'¦'
HENRY J. (iALLAGHER CO.
BUSH. 1010 — Nicely furnished room; gas and
bath. .
—BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
2!c to* $1 per night; ?1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. H2C Market (old No. 1364)— Fur^
nlshed rms.. FUltes. single; al*o unfurnished.
ttOOMS TO LET "Porn. and'Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.-^Best tt a
day/family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
VALLEJO. 1301— Rooms furnished and unfur-
nished for housekeeping.
SECOND. 212 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing: reasonable and respectable./
RKAL ESTATE FOR SALE X5Y C S. CAPP
& CO.. C30 Market st.
O'Farrell. bet. Polk and Van Ness ave.— Lot
¦with 4 huuf>es, well rented.
Eddy, near Jones— Larze boarding-house;
leaeeil at $L?.O per month.
Lyon, bet. Hush and Pine — Fine cottage. 7
rooms and bath.
A row of tix neat houses; well rented and
never vacant.
Folsom. bet. 3d and 4th— Lot 100 feet front:
old •mjircivements; rent J1CO.
Forty loto south of the Park at 1100 each.
Fine ranch adjoining Sunta Clara: 1G0 acres.
r,0 acres fine land in Mill Valley: suitable for
ploasuro srrounds or town lots.
SACRAMENTO. 1314. bet. Hyde and Larkin—
1 or 2 desirable clean nicely furnished rooms;
private residence; light housekps. If desired.
POLK. 1620— $8; 2 sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CAUFPBIIi NORTHWESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San KnfaeL-
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael «• Sam Frandne*.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3M0. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 j>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m. '_
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. (April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pral 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Pulton.
7-30 am Windsor, 10:23 an
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 19:40 am
Lytton.
Oeysarville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm Hopland 110:40 am 10:23 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am and Uklah. I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am| J * 10:40 am!10:25 am
I 8:C0 amf Guernevllle. 7:35 pm]
S:30 pm] r.:00 prn] | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:C0 am Sonoma 0:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am] 8:00 am I10M0 am 10:25 am
3:3rt pm| 5:00 pm Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weat
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta;.at Lytton for Lytton Springs; .it
Oeyservllle for Skagga Springs : at Cloverdal*
for the Oeysera; at uoplnnd for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. Carlv
bnd Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bnrtl.»U
Springs; at Uklnh for Vichy Springs. Saratoga,
Springs, IUue Lakes. Laurel Dell I.nke. Witter
Borings, Upper Ldke. Tomo, Totter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknolla,
Sanhedrln Heights, Ilullvllle, Orr's Hot
Kprlnrs, Mendnclno City. Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, Wlllits. Lnytonvllle, Cummins.
Dell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'n. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka)
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond Snn Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office — 650 Market Street. Chronicle
Building.
II. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains—ohiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot
Local Llra'd Ovrl'd i Local
Daily. Daily. Dally. Daily.
Lv San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
'• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
*' Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" -Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia .. 4:l« p 4:10 p 4:45 %
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:03 a
•• Eksfleld 6:50 p 15:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan City 2:41a 7:39 a
•• Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning. . p for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnin*
Care through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
3:00 p. m. is the Overland Express", with
through Palace jnd Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all point* In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
eponding train arrives at S:40. a. m, daily.
Offices— 641 Market street nnd In Ferry
Depot San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. !
Via Sausallto Ferry.
1 Commencing April 23, 1BO1.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
- AND SAN RAFaEL.
WEEK DAYS-€:55, 8:30. »9:30, ll:C0 a. m.. i
r>-45, M:43, 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. *6:15, 8:43 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San i
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays |
and Sundays at 3:30 and 11:40 p. ml !
SUNDAYS— 7:00, S:00. •9:00. *10:00. 11:00, u:M >
a. m., 12:43, *V.Z0. 2:20, *3:4j, 5:00, 6:00. 7:30 p. m. I
11:00 c. m. does not run to San Rafae! Sun-
days. '
• Trains marked (•) run. to San Quentln. '>
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
• WEEK DAYg— •5:25,. 6:27. 7:47, 8:35. 10:15
a, m.. *12:23, 1:15. 2:20, »3:3o, 4:«, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS' on Mondays. Wednesdays j
and Saturdays at 5:43 and 10:00 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:C0. 9:43. •11:PO a. m.. *12 I
m.-, 1:00. 2:13. '3:30, 4:30.*5:45, 6:43. 7:30, 10:10 |
p. m. i
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO, i
WEEK' DAYS — 5:45. 6:43. 7:53. 8:55, 10:30 ;
a.m.. 12:33. -1:4*, 2:4j, 2:30, 5:10, 3:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. S:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m., 12:15.
1:20. 2:30, 3:43. 5:C0. 6:15. 7:13. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. •
u:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)— ¦
Tomales and way stations.
8 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations. !
10:00 a. m.. Sundays— Point Reyes and way j
stations. . , . 1
ONE large front sunny room nnd kitchen fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; rent $10
per month. Inquire at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion st..- between 1st and 2nd sts.
OAK, 119 — 2 sunny rooms furnished for house-
keeping: range; yard; $12; single front room,
same, $9.
NATOMA. 701—2 sunny housekeeping rooms; no
children.
LIBERTY. 129 — 3 or more elegantly, completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; gas stove:
use of piano; phone; pleasant surroundings.
LASKIE, 27. off Mission, bet. Eighth and Ninth
—3 sunny furnished rooms complete for house-
keeping.
HYDE. 408— Sunny Dasement suite, ' yard, laun-
dry. $15; also single, $6.
ETFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
{Tuesday), at 9:C0 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Pest and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Pacific Lodge
No. 136. F. and A. M. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery by special train, leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock.
BOYD— In Alatneda, April 2$. 1901. ina L., be-
loved daughter cf Captain William E. Boyd,
and sister of Mrs. Fred Stream and Fred
Boyd, aged 33 years and 1 month.' •¦
ANSON— In this city. April 2S. 1901, Mary E.
Anson, a native of New York. ¦' .
BAFFIGO— In this city, April 28, 1901. Eda
dearly beloved daughter of John and Rosle
Bafflgo, and sister of Frank, John, Joseph,
Andrew, Ernesto. Julia, Lillle. Freddie and
Dina Baffieo, a native of ¦ San Francisco,
aged 4 years 3 months and 6 days.
BASSIGNANO— In this city. April 27, 1901
Susan Bassignano, beloved mother of Lu-
cretla Bassignano and lire. W. C. Brown
efster of Arthur. Owen and James McCooey.
and aunt of James and Thomas Comlsky a
native of County Monashan, Ireland, aged
4S years. (New York papers please copy )
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 308 Folsom street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦.
BLOCK— In Berlin. Germany, Dr. Howard SI
Block, beloved son r>r Maurice and the late
Bertha Block, and brother of Gertrude K
Block, a native of California, aged 23 years
11 months and 25 days.
DIED.
Anson. Mary E. Miller. Sarah
Bafflro. Eda Morris, Abbie
Bassignano, Susan Nitheart, Harry •
Block, Dr. H. M. Noonan, David
Boyd, Ina L. Nugent. Catherine
Bulck. Mary " .. O'Brien. Patrick
Collins. Kate O'Donnell. Catherine
Daly, Mary C. j Pfaff, Frank
Dodge, Charles R. ; Schmidt. Dorothea
Gallagher, Patrick B. t Sexton. Edward J.
Qasemann. Emelie Sturla, Joseph
Gilbert. Charles W. Talbot. Andrew P.
Lawrence. Mrs. D. M. Thpmpson, Elizabeth
Lovett, Margaret Wade, Annie
McLaughlln, Nellie E.
HOWARD. 1U9V4, near Seventh— Sunny fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; single
rooms.
HOWARD. 761^— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite; man and wife; others; reasonable.
A FINE purchase— The cheapest lots in Rich-
mond: only 2 left out of the tract; choice and
well- located, with all the street work done:
brick «»wers In and graded: ready for build-
ing; 21x120 each: 1 lot on Sixth ave.. I lot on
Seventh ave.. near Point Lobos ave.; easy of
access; the Jackscn and Sacramento st. cars
pass on Sixth ave.: the Geary nnd branch of
Putter Ft. cars within a few steps; 4 lines to
choose from: price only $635 each: gas. water
and electricity ready to turn on; both these
lots are a prize for a contractor and builder
to buy to build houses on; they were ap-
praised at J9C0 each in the Probate Court.
%V. J. GUNN. 530 California St.
EXECLTniX AUCTION.
We have been Instructed by th» "Widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. lo sell their grand
ten-room hcuse and let. Etabls and outhouses,
;SS Laidley st.. cor. Fairmont st. ; lot 176x150.
Cottage of 4 rooms. 110 Laidley st. ; lot 100s
110.
One lot. 1.0x121, on Palmer st., near Fairmont.
One let. lOOslCO. en Laidley St.. near Mateo
tlrtet.
Sale TucrJay. April SO, at 10:30 a. m.. en the
property.
Tho above property must be sold regardless
cf cost or value. This is a grand chance to
buy good property at your own price.
Sena for descriptive catalogue.
J. A. MUN'RO & CO., Auctioneers.
Office 2<0 Stockton Bt.. S. F.; tel. James 154L
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny bay-window
suites of 2 and 3 rooms, nicely fur.: gas; bath.
FULTON, 308 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms
coal stove, yard and basement.
FOLSOM, SW— Sunny front room and kitchen,
furn. complete; man cud wife; no children.
ELLIS. 639. corner Larkin — Sunny front room,
$11: with kitchen and fuel, $15.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEriXG.
BIRCH~ave., 617% — S housekeeping rooms, J8.
Apply til Grove st.
AN Introduction to you from H. Scnellbaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURKITUUB FOR SALB.
L/DVEL.Y furnished rooms, with excellent board
in private family, for adults. E14 22d st.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
To builders end contractors especially their
attention is called to thtse 4 bargains, a* there
la a fine profit in the purchase.
"W. J. GUNK. &30 California st.
No. 4. a 60-foot lot on the VV. line of Eleventh
sve.. IKS feet north from Clement, on the ele-
vated ground; this is chfe highest part of Rich-
mond; the marine view is very fine; this lot
was selected I y a seafaring man< Eltely and
funny; 50x120 feet; electric cars pass on Clem-
ent: cost J24OO; price only {1575; street work
done.
Sixty per cent of the purchase price will be
loaned on any of these lots at 6 per cent.
No. 3. E. elde Seventh ave., £5x120, near Point
Ixiboe ave. ; graded, etrert work done, gas,
water and el«K-tricity ready to turn on; Sac-
ramento and Jackson tt. oars. Sutter and
Geary as well; only JCS5. Both these last two
described lets are without exception the best
bargains offered in Richmond for many a year.
No. 2. TV. elde Sixth ave.. 25x150. near Point
T. !• > ave.; street woifc done, graded, choice
lot. 4 lines care; only &6S5.
No. 1. N. side Union (sunny side), E. from
Frott. t lots 15x110; elevated ground on the
hill, fine marine view, basalt blocks, stone
invrnifnt, rfady for building; very choice; only
Slf.00 f«ch; cars 1'rkh.
in San Franciaco
hom» on and you want to g«t a desirable and
a cheap int then read carefully thin selected
lint of 4 of the beet barcains in building lots
HRAI. KiTATU CITY FOIt HA1.O.
IF you ar« looking f-T a lot to build your
PROPOSALS.
ADVe'rtT^MENT— Of!Tce~oF"the~UhT*T~En-
glneer, Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, r. I., will
' be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
til, Auguftt 1, 1901 and then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about IRO.POO cubio
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry In breakwaters, ubout 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a ptlo bulk-
head -4700 feet long. Dredging in mud. sand
and Bhells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
tvork. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bl<1. The right Is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this' office, Bureau of
Insular Affairs, Washington, D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLR,
Captain. Knjrlneers.
PIl. C. C. CnONKELL— Offlce and residence.
ifCI Market *t.. twtwe^n Sixth and Seventh.
PR. WONQ HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, US-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
1'1IYSIC1A!VS AND Sl'IlGKONS.
*ell better machines for less money than any
houso In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Fxrhnnrc. M(i CallfoiTiln: tslephnn* Main Hi
— —aia— a— a— — — ¦— — — — — ¦— — m
TYPEWRITEfta AND SlU'l'I.lKS.
GIJ"EAT"nARcTAINS IN -TYPEWRITERS— Wt
FOn sale or exchange— A new 13-room houss
and stable for cottage. Inquire at 1S20 Eighth
•v».. Rast Oakland.
f:2M> EACH— Two n#w S roomt ami bath cot-
tagea on W>ct «t.. nr. SSth: run bit purchavrd
on eary paymrnta: lota :sxno each; must ba
seen to he Appreciated. Call or ndrtresa A. J.
RNYDER. 467 Sth «t.. Oakland. Cal.
J27S0; cost Jl'OO: Kartlakft 7-roomefl oottnir*,
with high, floored baotrnent; lot M>xl4Q; sunny
side, with barn, fruit trees, gravel driveway,
stone walks, rhlcken ynrdn. etc.
GEO. W. AUSTIN * CO..
1003 Hnwilwiiy, Oakland.
FORCED MOHTGAGE SALE.
To lease for a lor.i; term to responsible
rorty, 40 acres of btet land, jroo<l locality in
Santa Crui County: only halt ft mile from
depot; conslrtlng of about 25 acres of best
wine grapes nnd balance best fruit! apples,
cherries, plums, etu. : , lovely cottage, fur-
nished. «!co horses, carrlnpe. phaeton, etc.;
also line winery «nd «voppras» for 30.000 gal-
lon«. Vox XMi Cnll offW.
LOVELY HOMK
TO L.KASIS.
ALL kinds boupht, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambsck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sol-1. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.: phone Black 1124. 20". 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needle* aricl
Fhuttles: reduced rate". H-> *5th : nhnnr M'nt !>.
bEWIKG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION! AUCTION!
SALE OF STABLE BUSINESS, ETC.
By Surviving Partner.
Notice Is hereby slven that the undersisrned,
as surviving partner of the late firm ot SULLI-
VAN & DOYLE, win, on MONDAY, the 23th
day of April. 1901, commencing at 10 o'clock
a- m.. of said day. at the Stables of the said
late firm, at 323-3S-327 Sixth street, this city
and county, sell at Public Auction, to the high-
est bidder, for cash. In U. S. gold coin, the en-
! tire stock In trade of said lata firm, consisting
of Horses. Mares, Carriages. Coupes. Hacks.
Busbies. "Wagons and Harness: alsaOfflc* Fix-
tures and Safe; also the Gocd Will ot said busl-
! ness. All the Horses, etc.. Carriages. Wagons.
et =-. ¦will be sold separately. The sale will b«
n-ithcut reserve, for the purpose of winding up
the business of said late firm.
The Horses. Carriages. Wasons. etc.. at said
Ftables. are subject to Inspection up to day o£
San Francisco, April 16. 1901.
JOHN J. DOYLE.
Surviving Partner of the late firm of SULLI-
VAN & DOYLE.
Notice is hereby given that all the Interest of
the late firm of SULLIVAN & DOYLE in and
to all the Horses. Carriages. Wagons, etc.. and
in ana to the business carried on at No. 2M Va-
lencia street, known aa the EMPORIUM
HORSE MARKET, will be sold by the under-
signed, as surviving; partner of said late firm.
I at said Emporium Horse Market, on TUES-
| DAY. the 30th day of April. 1901. commencing
j at 10 o'clock a. m., of said day. at Public Auc-
tion, to the highest bidder, for cash. In IX. 3.
gold coin.
Sale •will be without reserve for the purpose
of winding up the business of said late firm.
Dated at San Francisco, this ICth day of
April. 1301. • JOHN J. DOYLE.
Surviving Partner of the late firm of SULLI-
VAN & DOYLE.
AUCTION SALE OF 35 HORSES.
JUST ARRIVED, HANDSOME BAY AND
BLACK TEAMS; ALSO DRAFT AXD DRI-
VERS. 1140 Folsom St., April SO, at 11 a. m.
BAIWAY TRAVEL
fif Just a little better
jjj than atny other tram
I —a little better service—
a a more homelike
Sj feeling on the
LIMITED
If than you find clscwftere.
| and it runs like this
fl LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO
I 9 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun
i ARRIVES CHICAGO
| 2.15 pm Tbur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed
I 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
i ¦ OH THE
I
B* '¦ ¦ ¦ J
a^Jffp^ulUJatt l ,^^^um^JM^¦8^
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l»i» nu«l »r«> dun to nrrli* ¦»*
NAN FICANtriNttw.
. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
ii* vb — Frou ArniL 23. 13C1. — ariuvb
~:3Oa Benida, Suisun, Kltuira, YacaTille.
Rumoey ami baomneuto 7>aAp
-JiSOADatU, Woodland. KnliUts Lauding,
Marystille. Oroillle 7»51r
7i30a Atlantic Kipreta—Ogden and Sail 12:S3*r
S:OUa &1artli>ex..Hai>ltaimm,V»lleji>. Napa.
Ualiati>ga ami Sau ta Kna.i «i23v
«:<»<» a "Llrnruiojv, Stockton. Iluford. VUa-
11». 1-ortenMe 4ta*r
SiOHA MIch. Ltthrop, Merced, Fresno, B».
. k<r«a»M 4»33r
• :3Oa Shaata Kxprr sa— Dark, Williams (tor
• Uartlett Springs). Willows, lictl
Blufl. 1'or'laml 7«33r
• j3OA.Smi.lii.iM, I.lrermore, Hlockton,
lone, Sacramento. I'Ucrcillle,
M«ry«tl!l.\ Chlr... ItmllllnlT 4>S.lp
Ri&Oa Oakilalr. Chiucso (Yuaviulie). Ho-
nora.C'aitm 4sa.fr
OHIO* Hajwanla, Milts ami Way Muttons. I Ij.TS*
ViUMA Los Anfolca Kxv»es« — M .irtlisei,
Tr»oy, lintliri))). ritooktini, Mrroeu
h'rtmio nml Ikis AojcIm TiSS*
•tltOA Vall-1i>. Marlines amt Way HUllnns »».v»r
IOiOWa Tho Otwlin.l I.I»tlt«Ml— Ogdaii, D«n-
tor, Omaha. Chicago 6iit3r
fliHOr HnnaiiiKiilo i:i?er.Si.n.iiii«f« t*' oit *
SiSttp lUyurtrd*. Mir* abri Way Ht»tl-»is. 7:."i">p
8tUtt-r l'ortCo*M. .Vnrtliui Lathrop, Mer-
ceil; Ktreml* lYosnul'v). Vrtm.o.. li'-J-Tr
4i»»r llculcl*. W tutor*. Haoraiuautu.
Wimillaml. Knlnhla Laiitlltig.
Mitryttlllr, Orovllln IU:»3*
4iO(tp M:vi tlni«, Hsu K»iiioii, Vallvjo,
Nairn. t'lilliiliiKii. SimU llos* »i'i3i
4i«op Nl>«*. Utrrmore. Kn.ckt.m. Lo.ll... lo.sa*
¦laur lUywanls. Mlea Man. I. ..-.«•, l.Wirmoro |!t:ftJA
SiUWr The On! IJiultcxI— Traey. StcckSon,
Kresmi. lUkrrillelil. rtiiijn* for
Santa llarWr*. I,« s Augitlrf ftiXit
BiOOp It»y waul,.. Miles and Mali Jus* 7>3.1,
tumop Vi.li..].> lisas*
SiOttr Oriental Mall-Ogtlen, Cbcytnna.
Omaha. CMcign 13t3»r
OiOOr Oriental Mail— Ojtleo, DenTer,
Omaba, Cbioigo. 4i3.1p
7iOOr Orvguii aud California li.<|iresn,Naa.
nuiiont... Marjratlllo. KvIiIIiik,
r.irtlr.11,1. Piigat Hom.it ami Kant S<35a
RtO.lrSan rab!o. l*«rt Conta, Martinez
am) VYay Wtatlous 11:.V1«
t*lO3P Vslli-jo 7t3.->F
COAST LINE <N»rrow <Jaii R e).
(t'-jott.f M»ilcetStr9«t.>
{7tl3A Saata Ciuz Uxcnrsino to aanfcaCnu
and Prino pal W*7 Stations :*:O.l»
•lISA Newark. Oiilw Tllli\.iaii.lo«e, Krlton,
Houliler C'riek, Mania Utiizmid Way
eutUiim »:3«»
tail Ir Nesark, CenUrtll!*, San Jose, *Ni w
AlmailMD, Kwltoii, IliniUler «.'re«k,
Sunta Cm/, and l'rlnclpal Way
Stalluiia tlOj!l»A
4il3p Newark, Hau Jose, I.os Gatos { 'loS"*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rriaSU mHC15C3— fnt sf NarSul Strut (Slip »)—
17:15 9:00 11.00*. U. 1:Q3 3:03 E:I3rtf.
rr«m0lIUS3— r«UtBrMi»»».— frt:UO td:OO 13:03
1O:COa.». 12:33 8:03 1:33 r.M.
COAST liINE (Kroa.l U*n K *).
•l\ (Third mid TtHrnseml Still)
«:I«U Month Man Kruiici.icr. Palo Alto.... «:«»P
)C> I3v S*i. .lnsuitn.l \V.,y fit..Li...iM llUOr
JIiUUa hundiy Kzcnrtiun fnr u au Jne.
Hart* Cru*. V'c'.fle Croro and
Principal Way Station* :S:5»»
7:30a Co»8tUiieLfc!iteJ, San Jo»r. C.ilror.
Bolinas. Ptsn Koblts. S»n Luis
ftbiino, Lomroc, Hanta UarWa,
LouAogcles S«s33»
l»tOO A Shi. Jnw. Trcn I'll..... Manta rm*.
I'acllic Ok. re, calinis ban 1-nM
Glisyo ami Piineii a; intermeditta
StHti..iiF -1:10?
IOiXOa San Jcseaiid Wsj Station* ?;.t«»r
ft •¦::;¦>* New Aluiailn / 3:3«v
ll::t»A XuiJouu.1 \V«r .SUtioni »i»«f
12: 13r Sail Jlatro. ltrtlwcol. Menlu Park.
I'alo Alto. Santa Clar*. Han .l<*e.
Tres Plnos, .Sunta Crux. Saliuai.
Mometrr nmi l'acillo CrxTe tl»:!3»
S:3Or Man Joaaaii.l Way Htattona 6::t<»a
f4:l»r r-an J.mcar.l Principal Way 8>.atin»« •J:4."»»
43:OOrSan Jose, I.os Gatos *u<l Principal
WaySUtions : t»i«»»
S:.inr .SanJuaeatiil Principal Way Stations 8:3tfA
6:13r JCVsr Orleana Exprew, Snn Jote,
S»nt* Barbara. "Los AngeVx, 1> m-
in» Ei I'mo, Sow OrleniondEut ":IOa
•sl3r Del .Mcntc, Monterey, Pacific Grove.
Lonpoe »»»3f
fij.'lopSa-iJujeaiul Way Stations ¦)":<'<»*
qll-.l.-.r baa Jus* ami Way Stations * >3ft f.
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
tHan.la; excn|>te<L : Pm.ikt only.
* Sikturda j onlj. J TuswIhts and Fridays.
*******"" m '.'. ***
IVJOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• Via Saasaiito Ferrj — Foot of M«.-iet St.
Leave ban nun. aumvc ua pram.
1-45p M I VVEEft. DAYS J 5.55- M
8:00 a. M.I f 12:15*. M.
9:00 a. m. I 1:15 p.m.
10:00 a. ax. I cAvrnv-i j 330 p.m.
1150a. ai.f SUNDAYS i 43Op M
1*0 P. 3f. j 5:50 P. M.
2:36 P. M.j I 7:10 p.m.
Parr. San Frandsea to Summit and Rrtnro. $1.40
Ticket Offices. 6.1 Market St.. & Saosalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62f> fiEABST ST. Established
In I S3 1 for the treatment «f Prlvntn
Dlvn*e«. !.<>«£ Manhood. Debility or
Skin Diseases. Tlie l>octorcures wl..-n
others fall. Try him. I'bargrs low.
«ui*«ir"»r.-»iilf«-.l. C'illorivriMi
l>r. J. I*. UIUBOX. b*n Vraucbco. Coi. - .
NUMBERS
OF THE
BENEFIGENGIA PUBLIGA
City of Mexico, April 25, 1901.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. - Prize.
, 20 20 206 100 262 20
319........ 20 627........ 20 832 40
S33.. 20 S41 20 862 >. 40
-921 20 969 ;... 20 1101 .... 20
HIS. 20 1171. ..,....• 200 1247 40
1340 20 1341 20 1354 40
1262 200 1710 40 1S47 20
2190.. r 100 2342........ 20 24S3 100
2830 20 2S63 20 2982 4u
316S 40 3239 20 3334 40
3342....:... 20 3354 20 3387........ 40
3474 20 3504. ." 40 3516 40
3541 20 3549........ 40 3559 20
3588 20 3733 20 3766 20
3S07 100 3875 40 33S5 40
3999 20 4059 20 4231 20
4269 20 4400 20 4606 40
4918 20 5047.. 20 5206........ 20
5303 20 5441 20 5613........ 100.
6722 20 5738.; -40 5886 40
6927 20 5941 .40 5»55 100
6012........ 40 6071 100 6075 20
6174 20 6251 100 6470 40
6591/. 20 6618........ 20 6657 20
6800 20 6S16 20 7110 40
71C3 100 7202 20 7242 20
7404 20 7412 40 7464 20
7536........ 20 7628 20 7662 21)
7761 40 7791 20 7S45 40
7896 40 7916 200 7924........ 20
7991 20 8006 20 S046 ICO
8056 40 S195 40 8205 200
8283 100 S36S 20 S3SS 20
8S60 40 SSSS 1000 8901... 40
8994 ' 20 9009 20 9069 . 20
914S.. ...... 20 9166 40 9241 :. 40
93SS 20 9649 20 9726 100
9954 40 9969 40 9SS6 40
99S9 40 999S. 100 10165 40
10189 20O1O270. 1 . 100 10293 40
10379 20 103S3.. 500 10560 40"
10636... 20 10691 20 10733 20
10948 100 10992 40 11052 100
11068 - 20 11076 20 11CS7 40
11154 4011200 4011221... 20
11336 40 11561 40 11660 20
11805 100 11S11 20 12212 40
12240 40I12292........ 20 12293 40
12323 20 12402 20 12451 20
12469.. 40 12748 20 1 2789 1000
12S09 40 12S60 40 12951 :. 20
13094 20 13276 20 13351 40
13352 20 13358 100113409 40
13S47....^... 40 13SS8 20 14062 40
14C68 ......... 20 14090 20 14265 20
14361 40 14549 100 14554 40
14574 40 14712 20 14754 20
14862 20 14939 40 15158 40
15173 20 15422 20 15690 40
15900 20 16011 20 16101 40
16111...:.... 40 16164........ 40 16226 20
16231..*. 20 16242 40 16445 40
16740 20 16916 40 16947 100
16979 40 17039 100 17043 40
17054 20 17138 20 17217 40
17294. 20 1738S ,. 40 17509 20
17756 20 17932 20 1813S 20 i
18199 20 18535 20 18670 40
1S752 20 1S908 ' 2C 18999 100
19101 .40 19110 40 19269 10(1
19354 20 19363 20 19419 40
195S7 100 1959S 20 19764. .." 20
20019.. 2020066 20 20453 .20
20554 40 20686 100 20694 40
20751 40 20755.. 1000 2OS70 20
20931 20 21441 40 21469 40
21539........ 20 21658 20 22161 20 i
22174 j 40 22178 20 2223S 20 I
22285 40 222'JS 20 22413 20
22430 100 22443 20 22193 20
22512 40 22736 20 22853 40
23025 40 23083 20 23317 20
233S4 40 23499........ 20 23546 100
23571 2023809 20 23S51 : 500
23356... 40 239S9 20 24143 • 20
24246 1OO242S6 20 24322: 20
24340 20 24412 20 24416 20
24478 40 21553 20 24676 40
24750 2O248SS 20000 24998 20
25259 20125339: 20 2S340... 40
25604 .... 40I25S93 20f25917. ....... 20
25981 20|26119.; 20 26214........ 40
26350 40 26389 20 26510 40
26599: 20 270S1 40 27108 20
27116 2027173 20 27236 20
27374 40J27424 - 40 27453 20
27501 20J27528 20 27534 20
27617 40127076 40 27S32 100
28038: 20 2S073 1C0 281S8 40
2S201 .... 40 2S25S 20|28262 20
2S373........ 20 25570 40128753 20
2S793 40 2S876 BOO 28943...: 20
29037 20 29079 20 29132 20
29279........ 20 29437 4012971!* 20
23855 40|20S04 20J30O67 100
30130 .... 20|30150 20I303S6 20
30547 20]3067S 100I306S1 40
30941 20 3096S.. 40131022 ' 20
3106S... 2C0I311C6 20 31248 20
31472 20 31538 20 31825.: 500
31863 20 32090 20 32110 20
32310 40 32435.'...* 100 32534.....;,. 40
32347... 20 32560 20 32029 J.. 20
32695 20 32783 20132949 .*.. 20
32976 20133026 100133073 200
33239 20133255 20133321:.. ..... 20
33597...;.'...- 40 33890 100 33714 20
33928 20 31221 40|344G3 40
34477 40 344S5 200134662.. ..-..A ? -20
34671 2034788 20I34S91 20
35049 40 35097.; 20 35181 20
35207 20 35402 20 35447 20
S545S 20 35488........ 20 35511.; 20
ST)581 20 35616 200 3.16S5 2l>
35748 20 35832 20 35317 20
35937........ 40 36014 20 3«0SS 100
36168 40 362W 20 36390 40
36455........ 20136601 40 36690 20
S6710 100 36S19 40 36873.. ...... 20
36984 100 37236 20 S7253 20
37276 20 37*>19 40 37652 20
87750 20 37858 20
J7910 20 37569 100 3S114 45
SS479 20 38346 20 3SS08 200
3S609 20 3S716 100 3876D 40
SSr.8S 40 3891S 20 3W81 29
$93:>3 100 89U3 40 39209; 20
892:* 100MM07 40 30430 40
J9;,0« 20 30558 100 39608 20
39BH3 20 39775 20 S9!>«9 29
39976 40 40429 20 40012 40
4PRM 100 106S1 20 40711 20
40738 4O4O7R6 100 40793.. ....... 40
40S82 4040S99... 20 409.17 W
4103« 20 11106 » 41300 100
41S:.4 40 41398. 40 414r>« 20
41R94 30 41631 20 41721 M
41763 200 41810 80 41SI57 100
41522 ¦ 20 41930 100 42052 20
42091.. ...... 40 421S« 40 42231 SO
42271 100 42302 20 42T.S 20
42379 20 42433 40 43.MS 20
42(514 40 42R20 20 42693 40
42704........ 40 42736 40 42740 20
42S03 40 42S23 SO42878 21
42901 20 43081 WNWS 40'
43405 20 43553 20 43(58* 40
4H699 20 13712 100 43799 40
43S28 SO 43832 20 44143 40
44291 20 44387 20 41423 20
44<;8» 20 44695." 200 44S9S.. ...... 1000
45157 40 15292 20 13357.. 20
45S58 40 45J64 20 453D2 20
4B468 40 45537 20 456S2 20
45S82 40 45837 20 45S49 40
46019........ 40 46061 20 4S01M 20
46127 40 4f215 200 46452 20
465«0 20 4(5764 40 46792 100
46870 40 46901 20 46931 20
46!)S4 20 46995 20 46998 100
47127 4(5 47166 40 47336 20
47462 100 47468 20 4747J 100
47697 60000 47723 20 47885 20
47974 40 47984 20 48021.. 20
4R152 40 48380 40 4S449 20
48583 20 4S628 40 4S641 40
48830 20 49026.... 200 49185... 20
49202... 40 49281 20 49408 20
49198 ".. 100 49585 40 495S8 20
49699 40 49831 20 49914 20
49986.......; 20 49993 40 50017 20
fiOOC.8 40 50089 ." 20 10221 20
60423 ' 40 50449 40 50517 20
50533. *. 40 50898........ 20 51029 40
B1202 20 51306 40 51372; 20
61382.. 100 31602 100 51608.'. 20
B2013 40 52021 20 52234 100
52272 20 52469... 200 52679 20
52813 20 52946 20 52996 20
53032 100 532S9 200 53580 20
5?«46 20 53703 100 53979.. 20
540i8 100 54107 20 54122 20
B4207 ...20 54226... 20 54344 20
54477 20 54621 20 54fiS6 20
54810 20 54825 100 54833 "20
54842 20 54865 2(10 54916 40
53009 ;'. 20 55023 20 55040 ' 2)
55157 10O3H256 40 35337...:.... 100
55676 40 55711 40 '>5790 20
55847 100 55952 20JR6128 20
56178 " 20 56277 40 56547 40
56710........ 20 56760 20 56827 20
56977 40 57003 100 37148 2:1
57396... 40 57412 20 57440 40
57477 '4057545 100 575S1 40
57589... 1000 57646 40 -J7360 40
67873 20 57874.. 40 58007 20
6S031 40 5810S 20 5S136 40
58272.. 205S321 20 38350 20
f,8.->38 100 68757 20 >88S7 40
58955... 200 59215 40 59406 20
594S7 '20 59511 40 59707... 20
69725 v 20 i9915 40 59925 ,.. 40
59957 :.. 20160102 40 60363 20
60563.;. . 2060397 20 60672 20
60935 100 61010.. 20 61200 20
61262 ' 40 61372. 100 61441 100
61518 20 61529 20 61535 40
61550 20 61612 40 61851 100
62017 20 62020 100 62067 20
62226 20 62362. 40 62476 40
£2487 .40 62607 20 G260S 40
C2614. -20 62725....- 200 62S68 40
63223... 40 63227 20 632S3 20
C3330 4063438 20 6357S 41
63607. 20 63775 100 63791.. ...... 41
63891........ 20 61070 20 64120 20
64322 ' 2C 64378 200 643S2 40
64395 40 64606 20 649i>0 2C
65066 40 65148 :.. 40 G5230. 20
65277 ' 20 65295.. 40 6.->344 40
65453 20 65527 40 6.".C16 20
G5637. .40 65950 20 63976 20
66124 2C B62S2: 40 6GJ60... 4)
66506.... '40 6IKS2 20I6863S 40
66907 500 66926........ 20|6fi945 20
6696S.'...... 100 67019..'. 100(67116. ....... <•)
67140......"..' 20 67170... 60<>|672!)3.. ...... 100
67331 /....... 100167384 20l«7450 MO
675S1 40167671 20I67CD3 21
67733.. 2CI678S5 a*»|e7!K)r........ 20
67908.; * 20I679S5.* 4O'«M21 20
6S179 1 2063258.;; 300I6S271 , 20
6S2S0....*.... 20PS332 100lfi8454 20
6S4T>9. -....:.. 20 68510 40|68.">19 100
6S524. ....... 30168534 40 6S613 200
686S1 • B00I6S714 20I6S73S 100
GS915... 100IGS932 40l68nfi7..- Z3
R9419. -20169469 200169489 20
69344 20lt'ffl.>6r> 40l«nfi49 20
C9738 100169771 20I607S2.. 4»
697SS 20170123 20170172 20
70333 40170417. 40170-130 41
7O4M 10OOI71O41 40171199. ....... 20
H.233... 40|712S4.. ...... -20I714M 100
BUICK-In this city, -April. 27.. 1901. Mary. : be-
loved wife of John Bulck. mother of Wil-
liam, Catherine and the late John Bulck,
and sister of the late Patrick and John
Nealon, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land. > - ' ' . -- • . *
[C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
'(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2514^4 Bush street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a . requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at - 9:30 o'clock. Interment
.. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COLLINS— In the City and County Hospital,
•April 27. 1901, Kate Collins, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 37 years. * • *.*
ICTRemains at James Hasan's undertaking
parlors. 445 Valencia street.
DALY— In this city, April 28, 1901, Mary O,
beloved, daughter of Maurice and Mary Daly
(nee Buckley), and sisterof- James, Margaret
and the late Nora Agnes Daly, and niece of
•Thomas Daly, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months and 23 days.
DODGE— In this city. April 27, 1901, Charles R.
Dodge, beloved husband of the late Letia
Dodge, and father of Charles R. Dodge Jr.,
a native of New York City, aged 75 years and
22 days.
GALLAGHER— In Oakland, April 27. 1901, Pat-
rick B. Gallagher, beloved husband of Cath-
erine Gallaffher, and father of James,
Charles and Margaret Gallagher, and brother
of John Gallagher, a native of Ireland, aged
''59 years and 1 month.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1328 Myrtle street, thence to St. Fran-
cis do Sales Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Bt.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
GASSMANN— In this city, April 28, 1901. Eme-
lie Gassmann, beloved mother of Mr. EUgene
Gassmann and Mrs. Ceeile Camozzl and Mrs.
Alice Doassans, a native of France, aged 60
years '.months and 13 days.
EXNotice of funeral hereafter. .
GILBERT— In Oakland. April 26. 1901, Charles
W. Gilbert, father of John M. and Walter
P. Gilbert, a native of New York, aged 73
years.
ErFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at Alcatraz
Hall, Seventh and Peralta. streets. West Oak-
land. Services under auspices of Alcatraz
Lodge No. 244, F. and A. M. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Remains at H. Evers'
undertaking parlors, 865 Washington street,
Oakland.
LAWRENCE— In this city. April 28, 1901, Mrs
D. M. Lawrence, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years. (Oakland papers please copy.)
LOVETT— In South San Francisco, April- 27.
1901, Margaret Lovett. wife of Charles. Lov-
ett, and daughter of Jeremiah and Hanorah
Regan, 'a native of San Francisco.
ICThe funeral ' will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1441 Seventh avenue south, between
L and M 6treets south. South San Francisco,
thence to All Hallows' Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery. /
McLAUTJHLIN— In this city. April 28, 1901,
Nellie. E., beloved daughter of Bridget and
the late Neal McLaughlln. and sister, of
Thomas J. and Neal I. McLaughlin and the
late Mrs. W. Pinto,- a native of San Fran-
cisco. A member of Young Ladles' Institute
No. 1.
(ETFriends are. respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from the residence of her mother,
' 437 Jessie street, between Fifth and Sixth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where ,a
. solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE No. 1.— Officers
and members: You are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late sister, Nellie
E. McLaughlin, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8:15
o'clock, from the residence of her mother,
437 Jerste str«et. Members of sister branches
are invited to be prssent. By order of
... ANNIE E. NYHAN. President.
MAMIE GORMAN, Rec. Sec. .
MILLER— In this city. April 2S. 1901. Sarah,
beloved wife of Frank H. Miller, a native of
, New York, aged 46 years 4 months and 3
days.- ,/
MOHRIS— In this city, April 2S, 1901. Abbie
Morris, beloved mother of Mrs. Lizzie Lowe
and Peter. Nat and Walter Morris, and
grandmother of Mrs. A. Tingle and Mrs. H.
Foster, a native of New York, aged 74 years
2 months and 6 days. <
NITHEART— In this city,' Aurll 26, 1901. Harry,
beloved and only son of Harry and Annie
Nitheart, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years 1 month and 14 days. . . . .
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday}, at 2 o'clock, from the family res-
idence, 3WV4 Drumm street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. .
NOONAN-In this city, April 27. 1901, David
Noonan, beloved brother - of the late Mrs.
Mary" Briggs, uncle of Annie, Mary, Wil-
liam and Ellen Briggs, and granduncle of
.lames and AVInifred Brlggs. a native or Ire-
land, aged 69 years. . : (Grass Valley, Cal.,
papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited Jo attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:3u o'clock, from the parlors
Ot McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth nnd Ninth, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mafs
jvill.ba.xelebrateO*fpr Xhe repose .of hU soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crcgs Cemetery. " . ¦ ,
NUGENT— In this city, April 28, 1901. Cather-
ine, beloved wife of Janus Nugent, and
mother of John and Peter Nugent, a native
of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 51 year*
.- 10 months and 22 days.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1116 Tennessee street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:S0 o'clock. Interment
Holy CrotB Cemelery.
O'BIUKN— In thin. city, April 28. 1901, Patrick,
beloved busbaniPof Kllen O'llrien. father of
Jnnies, Evelyn nnd the late Nora O'llrlen,
ami brother of Lawreneo nnd Kntie O'Brien,
a native of the pnriBh of Schull. County
Cork, Ireland, aged 31 yours.
ICTFrlpnii* and nco.unlntnners are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), nt 9:30 o'clock, from hla late resi-
dence, 1041 Minim street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's /"hurcli, where a requiem high maoa
'will be celebrated for the rt<poae of hU soul,
commonclmr at 10 o'clock. . Interment Holy
Croc* Cemetery.
O'ltONNKUr- In this city, April 26, 1901. Cath.
erlne, beloved wife of the late Cornelius
O'Donnell, and mother of Joseph O'Donnell,
a native of Ireland. (San Jose, Cal., papers
please copy.)
|Cy"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
MoAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence, to Bt. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment at San
Jose, via 10:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townscnd streets.
PFAFF— In this city, Frank Pfaff, a native of
San FrancUco. aged 37 years 9 months and
20 days.
(Cy Funeral and Interment private. Re-
mains at the parlprs of II. T. Suhr & Co..
11S7 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eichth.
SCHMIDT— In this city, April 27, 1901. Dora-
thea Schmidt, dearly beloved wife of C. P.
Schmidt, mother of Anna and Christina
Schmidt, and sister of N. Nelson, M. C.
Nelson, Mrs. Captain P.»H. Petersen. Mrs.
Jepscn and Hans, Nielsen, a native of Den-
mark, aged 35 years 3 months and 23 days.
(Sacramento papers please copy.)
ffyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
- < Monday), i -, at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2264 Filbert street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SEXTON In Cripple Creek. Colo., Anril 26.
1901 Edward J., beloved husband of Mary
B Sexton and son of William and the late
Catherine Sexton, a native of Auburn. Cal.
ETInterment at Denver. |
STURLA— In this city, April 28. 190L Joseph,
dearly beloved son of Mrs. Anastasla Po-
desta. ' and brother of Louis. John and Pal-
mela Sturla and Clotilda Podesta. a native
of San Francisco, aged 27 years 11 months
¦ and 18 days. (Stockton, Cal., papers please
' tCT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock; from the residence
of his mother, 1212 Utah street, near Twen-
ty-third, thence to San Mateo Cemetery.
TALBOT-In Providence. R. I.. April 27. 1901.
Andrew Pope, beloved husband of Alice Bur-
ton Talbot, aged 44 years and 3 months.
THOMPSON— At her residence. 516 Eddy street.
In this city. April 2S. 1901 Elizabeth Owens
¦ Thompson, beloved wife of Ira D. Thompson,
and grandmother of Henry C. Oscar N. and
Arthur D. Owens, and aunt of ,Mf3. John
Edwards, a native of New. Jersey, aged 81
years 9 months and 6 days.
tT7"Friends and. acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesdav) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 5"lG Eddy street, between Larkin and
Hyde' Interment Masonic Cemetery. _
W\DE— In this city, ..April 27. 1901, Annie,
dearly beloved wife of ¦ the late John C.
Wade and sister of Mrs. Mary C. McCue
and James McCabe, a native of New York
Cltv Prefect of Third Order of St. Francis
of St. Boniface's Church.
[TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Mondav). at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence '562 O'Farrell street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
ma«s will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
799 numbers ending with 97, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60.000— $20.
799 numbers ending with SS. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of J2O,CO0-$20.
No. 47.697 draws first capital prize of $60,000.
sold in Portland. Me.. Bryan. Tex. No. 24.SSS
draws second capital prize of $20,000. sold In
Chicago. III.. Boston. Mass. No. 12.7S9 draws
third capital tprize of $10,000. sold In St. Louis.
Mo. Nos. SSSS. 20.755. 44.89S. 57.5S9 and 70.4S3
draw each $1000. sold In San Francisco. CaU.
Chicago, 111., New Orleans, La.. St. Louis. Mo..
Dallas, Tex.
DANIEL ROMEROE Y. MAGANA,
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI, Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
100 numbers from 47.647 to 47.747. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $SO,000— $60.
1C0 numbers from 24.S3S to 24.933. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the- number
drawing capital prtze of $20,0C0— $10.
100 numbers from 12,739 to 12.839, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10.000— $20.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES
\ 7 o. Prize. INo. Prize. |No. Prize.
J1570.. 100 715S3 40 71630 20
f3104 4073127 - 20 733C6 20
'3369... 20 73510 "- 40 7S560 40
r3646 20 73665 100 73SO7 20
f3S45: 20 73855 40 73S70 200
r3975 :. 40 73931 20 74094 20
r4112 „ 500 74148........ 200(74183 20
U333 20 74467 200 74492 20
'4502 20 74346 20 713G0 20
i4718. 40 74765 20 74769 20
i4795 20 74906 40 73003 100
r5016 20 75019 20'75128 40
5163..:..... 20 75241 40 75330 1.. 41
'5490 20 75332 100173360 40
' 40175568..'.' 200|73697 2>>
roSll 40I73S54 100176114 40
r6156 2076227 20176253........ 20
"6326 100176330 20176377 40
'6402 40I764S6 40176649 41
;6S8S... 20I77099: 100177101 100
r7197 20177250 500177469 2fl
"7499 20 77633 20 77766 100
"894 40 779S3 20 78036 20
?S037 20I7S061 40 7S090 20
•8193 20I7S252 20I7STJ5 20
•8464 20178475 2DI7S341 20
?S393 100t7S677 2fl|78725 100
•S954.: 40179000 20179032 1M
•9207 40179212 20179272 «
r»399 20I7940S 40179412 **
"9588 20 79733 40J79SSO 2J
ELLIS. £37—3 or 4 j newly furnished^' sunny
rooms, ranging from $7 to $15 per month; will
arrange for light housekeeping if desired.*
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished;
ROO3IS TO IjET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
ELLIS. fi39, corner Larkin — Sunny front room,
$11; with kitchen and fuel. $15.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished, rooms to
let.
GEARY. 1137— Newly furnished rooms, en. suite
or single.
TALMISTRV:
H^JEROME^FOSSELLi. " sclVntinc
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Blaok 561.
PILES
OIL.Trapper'* Oil cures rheumatism and neuralcta.
Erugfflsti. 50c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.*
Send to tho office of the Southern Pa
cific Company, G13 Market street. San
Francisco, for one of, the new topograph
ical: maps of the: Yosemite Valley.
The Boilermakers' . and Iron Shipbuild
ers' and Helpers' Union meetings will In
future be held at B'nal B'rlth Hall, 121
Eddy street, on Wednesday evenings. The
union now has a membership of 251.
Union Changes Meeting Place.
The existence of a nuisance on the San
Bruno road, reported . by George H.
Roundy, president of the Mission Federa
tion of Improvement Clubs, was investi
gated by Max Popper yesterday as one
of the committee appointed by the club
at a previous meeting. President Roundy's
statement that the streets were being
used by dairymen and others, as recep
tacles for offensive refuse was fully
borne out by the inspection. The condi
tion of Girard and Felton streets was ex
ceptionally bad. '. V . ..
Investigating a Nuisance.
Dslightful Ocean Trips.
¦ Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen, sailing
every Sunday and Wednesday for San
Diego, stopping only at Santa Barbara and
Los Angeles ports. Improved service; low
rates. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palaco Hotel. ¦
a Book.
Baron B. Lehmann, Consul General for
Greece to the Netherlands, arrived in this
city yesterday and is registered at the
Palace. Baron Lehmann travels in the
private car of A. L. Mohler, president of
the Oregon Navigation Company. He Is
making a tour of the country and in his
oarty- are Mrs. . A.' L. . Mohler. Miss R.
Mohler. Miss M: Mohler, M. Van Meteren
and Valdemar de Beck. The last named
s a retired engineer In the Danish army,
and lives In Copenhagen. The Baron is
making a special study of railroad af
fairs in the United States and intends to
write a book of his impressions.
The party, has made a tour of Mexico
and after, visiting Yosemite Valley will
proceed • eastwnrd by way of Portland.
St. Paul and Chicago. To-day they will
"ici" .?.h*».!'*ltv in tije electric car "Her
moso"' and this evening will see Chlna
i.uwn under the direction of Captain Will
lam Glennon. "
GREEK CONSUL GENERAL
TO NETHEBLANDS HERE
Baron Lehmann Touring the Country
in Private Car and Will Write
The officers of the day were: D. Brada
slch, president of the San Francisco so
ciety; J. A. Chargln, president of the San
Jose society; N. Marislch, floor, manager,
and J. B. Bllafer, A. Lepesh, P. S. Sam
buck and S. D. Zaro assistants. P. Berti
cevich was marshal of the day.
The committee which had charge of the
affair was aa follows: A. Sorlch (chair
man), L. Slavlch, M. J. 1 Bokanovlch, A.
Jelich. V. Martich, J. Petrinovich. A. Ta
dich, M. Kalasich, A. Kentra, J. B. Bila
fer and R. Maroevlch.
Neither effort nor money was spared by
the committee to make the outing a buc
cess and the presence of over 1000 people
on the grounds, whose ardor the rain did
not seem to subdue, attested the fact that
It succeeded. ¦ i
The light fall of rain In the morning
kept many from attending. Nevertheless
there was a large crowd on the grounds
from this city, reinforced by. three car
loads from San Jose. •
The forty-fourth annual excursion and
picnic' of the Slavonic IUyrlc Mutual Bo
nevolont Society of San Francisco was held
at Fernbrook Park in Niles Canyon yes
terday in conjunction with the Slavonian-
American Mutual Benevolent Society of
San Jose. .
at Nlles Canyon.
eflt Societies Gather in Crowds
Members of American-Slavonian Ben*
ENJOY THEIR PICNIC
IN" SPITE OP RAIN
PATRONAGE OP ST. JOSEPH .
SPECIALLY CEIiEBRATED
Solemn High Mass and Doctrinal Ser
mon Mark Day at St. Ignatius
Church.
The feast of tho patronage of St. Jo
seph, which under the rescript of Pope
Plus IX was celebrated tn v ;i!l - Oatholic
churches joUcr-iny, the day act npart for
the feast boinir the third Sunday' after
Easter, was honored yeatcrday with a
solemn high mass, an augmented choir
and special services ut St. Ignatius
Church. . •
At the high mass, begun at 10:30 o'clock,
Rev. Edward Allen, S. J., was the c<>le
brant. He was assisted by Father Miller,
S. J., as deacon, and Mr. Ryan, S. J;, as
sub-deacon. Thirty-four acolytes were
within the sanctuary. The altar ¦ was
magnificently decorated with flowers and
glittering candelabra. Father Cottelli, S.
J., had charge of the choir and special
music was rendered.
Rev. Joseph A. Mulligan,' S. J., preached
a doctrinal sermon, explaining: the rea
sons that save rise to tlio particular de
votion and celebration. His text was: "I
will place you over my house and at the
command of thy voice all people shall
obey. Only on the kingly throne shall I
be above thee."
Father Mulligan's discourse was divid
ed into four parts. First, ha considered
the source of St. Joseph s sanctity as
shown by his Intimate relations with the
Incarnate word and the ' blessed virgin
Mary. Then, owing to this sanctity, the
church, following the example of our
Lord, has chosen - St. Joseph as the
patron and protector of the universal
church, which was typified in, the 1 holy
family of Nazareth.'
"How truly the house of Nazareth is
typified in the church is r»3 a scene in the
mysteries of Bethlehem and Nazareth,
Egypt and Galilee, Tabor and Mount Cal
vary. Then Pope Leo IX,- Jn order thar:
all the faithful might in their pressing:
necessities have a powerful nrotoctor.
declared him the universal protector and
guardian of the Catholic church."
Rev. Father Cappa. S. J.. . celebrated
solemn high vespers in the evening. I
A committee was appointed to have 300
price lists printed and distributed among
the shops. The prices now to be regard
ed as union rates are as follows: Shaving,
15 cents: hair-cutting, 25 cents; shampoo,
25-,cents: sea foam, 10 cents: trimming
beard; 13 cents; children's halr-cuttlng,
25 cents.
The proposed raise was adopted and the
head of a family of whatever number has
no -appeal from It, as the Boss Barbers'
Protective Association is getting stronger
every day. Fifty new members were en
rolled yesterday, including five proprie
tors of shops that have heretofore charged
but 5 cents for a shave. All of the more
important 10-cent shops have Joined the
union and, very few places remain in the
city where a. shave can be had for less
than 15 cents. The. association now has a
membership of 225.
S. Heller , was elected recording . arid
financial secretary and S. 'Fried was
chosen sergeant at arms. ' .';•
This decision was not reached without
opposition. ¦ ; A ¦ lCnsr. , and . stubborn debate
was held over the proposition. There were
those amonjr the proprietors present, who
feared the effect of such a rulo on their
weekly receipts. It wns pointed out, that
the old way. of turning a rice* bowl ovor
the boy's head and cuttlngr away the hair
that sticks out beneath Its edge mlsrht
b'ocomo tho general practice again If tho
charge for the more sightly article turned
but' by the- "tonsorlal artist" should be
made the same for tho tow-headed lud
of 5 and the grizzled victim of barbers'
garrulity. On the other hand, It was ar
gued that' more time and labor are expend
ed In cuttlnsr the hair of the average
squirming boy, to 'say nothing of the ef
fort necessary to convince the fond moth
er that her son. Is not being •list! wired for
life, than In putting into shipshape the
shaggiest adult head of hair.
In future when Johnny Is sent to get his
hair cut mamma must erlve him two bits
to pay tho barber. At the third meeting
of the new Boss Barbers' Protective Asso-.
elation, held yesterday aftornoon at 102
O'Parrell street, It was decldad to raise
the union price for children's halr-cuttlng
from 15 to 25 conts.
Twenty-Five Cents for
Cutting Hair of
Children.
BARBERS ORDER
ANOTHER RAISE
After the adoption of the constitution
the following named officers were elected,
to serve for one year: President, Daw
son Mayer, San Francisco- Trade Journal;
vice president, Richard C. Jewell, Exam
iner; secretary, William P. Bakewell, Bul
letin; treasurer, Clifford House, Call; ex
ecutive committee— T. J. O'Connor of the
Chronicle, P. R. Porter of the Oakland
Tribune, J. F. Foster of tho Wasp, E. P.
Fish of the Evening Post and Arthur
Wheeler, special advertiser.
It is the intention of the new organiza
tion to open as soon as possible headquar
ters, .where a permanent office force may.
be maintained and where members may
meet and Indulge In social or business
converse. < •• . :- ¦-.:,¦
resident and non-resident, to be composed
of the present charter members, residing
in and out of San Francisco, were con
stituted. To become a member a candi
date must procure credentials from his
newspaper that he is at least 21 years of
ag-e and has been regularly employed.
Women will not be recognized. The dues
were fixed at 50 cents a month for resi
dent and 25 cents a month, for non-resi
dent membership. Life membership may
be bought for $50 for the former and $25
for the latter class.
Grounds — Fred K. Farmer, Thomas F. Ryan,
Frank Farren, William Kelly, Albert H. Quat
man and W. Chester Keogh.
Floor— Harry A. Byrnes, manager; A. L. Ar
tlgues, assistant: Charles Beardsley, Benjamin
I.. McKlnley. William A. CLeary, Dr. Wil
liam C. Hopper, William Judge, Dr. James H.
O'Connor, William F. Humphrey, Arthur W.
Dollard and John N. Ross.
Arrangements— Louis A. Kelly, John D. Ma
honey, Fred E. Farmer, Joseph McCusker,
Daniel . C, Deasy, Thomas F. Ryan, Albert H.
Quatman, W. Chester Keogh, Frank Farren
and William Kelly.
Music — John D. Mahoney, Louis A. Kelly and
Albert H. Quatman.
Ways and means— Thomas F. Ryan, William
Kelly and Frank Farren.
Cathedral Council No. 59 has completed
all arrangements for Its second annual
outing on Mayday at Sunset Park, Santa
Cruz Mountains. It is expected that the
success of tho last outing will be more
tl^an equaled this year'and preparations
haVo been made to entertain 3000 guests.
A select programme, conslsting_of_vocal
and instrumental numbers, will be pre
sented and there will be enjoyment for
ycung and old. The following commit
tees have the affair In charge:
CATHEDRAL COUNCIL WILL
GIVE PLEASANT OUTING
Branch of Young Men's Institute "Will
Cro to" Santa. Cruz Mountains j
on Mayday.
vent to work. Well, In eierht months the
stock went from $1,000,000 to $25,000i000.
That's an indication. I don't own a dol
lar in the thing nor do any of my friends,
but I believe that the greatest copper
mines In the world have been located
there, and that there Is enough copper
now in sight to reduce the price in the
world.
Marvelously Rich Ore.
"Think of copper mat, after reduction,,
running 55 per cent metal! Think of this
great ledge that I saw in one mine alone,
where there is not a particle of waste! It
is unheard of, and these New Yorkers
that are interested with Green have, I
believe, countleis millions in sight. •
"Why did .we sell? Well, it was either
sell at the figure which Green offered, a
much higher amount than he would have
had to pay if he had condemned under the
laws of the country, or stand a lawsuit
which the mining people could not have
helped winning-. We sold at a nominal
>¦¦?-?.¦?¦¦*,.»¦¦». »»t»t»««. .......... . ,
figure, getting rid of the entire property
at a price that returns our investment to
us with about 4 per cent interest.
"Of course we missed our opportunity
In not developing the mineral wealth on
the lands. It was a miss, to be sure, but
it's no use to cry over spilled milk. If I
had gone into the thing when the stock
was offered to me I would have been able
to present Oakland with a magnificent
manual training school and to do much
more that I have In mind for the benefit
of the city.
"And to think it is only a few years ago
that Geronimo was at bay on these very
mountains of. copper that are being re
vealed to the startled eyes of man! .
To Build Railroads and Smelters.
"Green's syndicate is preparln~ to erect
big smelters at the mines, and a railroad
is to be built from Blsbee, Ariz., into the
mines and to Narcata, which will be the
town site for the mines. It is about 109
miles from Benson, Ariz. I had to stage
seventy-seven miles to get into the mines.
I am sure that within a couple of years
there will be a town there as big as
Butte, Mont. The copper will be smelted
and sent to New York and other markets
in ingots. Copper is«worth 17 cents a
pound at New York. Say it is worth 15
cents a pound at the mines. That's $300
a ton. The smelters can handle 100 tons
a day. Why, It figures Into ¦ millions so
fast that it is fairly dazzling."
Senator Perkins brought home some
specimens of the ore, which he has placed
In his mineral cabinet as a reminder ¦ of
the millions he did not stumble upon on
his new famous Mexican ranchos. .>
CALIFORNIA SENATOR WHO OVER
LOOKED A CHANCE TO BECOMTC
A MODERN CROESUS. *
"Buck" Allen . and ¦ Bert Howard, a
Youth, Cleverly Captured on
Kearny Street.
William Allen. alias "Buck" Al
len, an ex-convict, and Bert How
ard were arrested yesterday morn
ing at : about 6 o'clock by Policeman
George , Douglass on Kearny street and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of burglary.
The prisoners entered the room of Wil
liam Klindt in the lodging-house at 405
Kearny street and stole his gold watch
and. chain and gold lantern charm, his
purse containing $8 and a key to his
room. They were .observed leaving the
house, and Policeman Douglass was noti
fied. He quickly overtook them, and
when searched' at . the City Prison all the
stolen 1 property was found upon them.
Allen is known as a "room thief," and
he is supposed to be the man who has
been visiting lodging-houses in various
localities recently and stealing from the
rooms. A number of complaints have
been received at police headquarters re
cently of such stealings. Nothing Is
known about Howard, who Is a youth,
and it is supposed Allen has Introduced
him to ways that are dark.
Howard and Allen were last night iden
tified by several men from whose rooms
they had stolen valuable property. The
purse containing $5 and a watch and chain
which were found on Howard were Identi
fied as the property of William Klintt,
whose room was entered by the crooks
yesterday morning. ;;#
Both Howard and Allen are well known
to the police. Allen, who has served sev
eral terms In the penitentiary. Is deemed
one of the most expert room thieves in
the. country. It is the Intention of the po
lice to place a prior conviction against
him in the hope that he will receive a
long sentence In San Quentln.
NOTORIOUS ROOM THIEF
PLACED UNDER ARREST
Advertising men who are' desirous of
lifting their business out of the depths
into which at times It has been unfortu
nately dragged by irresponsible persons
and professional "grafters" formed an or
ganization at the California Hotel yester
day morning, which will hereafter be
known as the Advertising Men's Associa
tion of California.
Fully twenty-five of the men who act
as the medium between the advertiser
and the publisher were present. All
classes of newspapers and journals were
represented. When the constitution and
by-laws, which had been prepared by a
committee appointed at a previous meet
ing, came up for adoption a spirited de-
Imto followed. Every effort was exerted
by the debaters to make the constitution
po stringent as regards membership that
no undesirable person could become a
member.
As adopted, two classes of membership,
Advertising Men Organ
ize to Crush the
Tricksters.
FAIR METHODS
MUST PREVAIL
BECAUSE United States Senator
George C. Perkins did not realize
the tremendous possibilities of de
velopment on some big ranch hold
ings of his in Mexico the city of
Oakland has lost a magnificent gift In the
ehape of a manual training school and
other public benefactions. The Senator's
day dreams have gone a glimmering, and
a syndicate of New York capitalists,
headed by W. C. Green, have made what
appears to be a fabulous strike in min
eral wealth. In brief, the Senator has
lately parted with his holdings in the
State of Sonora, upon which have been
uncovered vast stores of copper ore in suf
ficient quantities, in the estimation of
Senator Perkins, to reduce the price of
copper throughout the world. He is cer
tain that there has been discovered the
greatest copper mines in the world, al
though Senator Clark, the Copper King of
Montana, and others presumed to be
equally erudite on the subject of mines
have passed by this wonderful deposit
where hundreds of feet of ore are now in
j sight, running as high as C5.per cent pure
I copper. "''¦¦'¦¦• :
Found on Perkins' Property.
And all of this tremendous wealth is lo
! cated on lands that for sixteen years have
I been owned by Senator Perkins, who pur-
I chased the 3.000.000 acres over w*fr v •',._
j ronimo and his Apaches roamed before
i their capture by Uenerai kuis.
The Senator arrived home in Oakland
last night, having been to Mexico to close
up the sale of the lands to the Green
syndicate. He was forced practically to
part with the property, because of the pe
culiar land laws of Mexico. They {jive
| persons right to "denounce" or to locate
' lands for gold, silver, copper and lead
mining on private property. It v;as the
clever prospecting done by Green, who
knows the country there like an open
book, that uncovered these enormous
mines. For many years the presence of
copper on the Perkins rancho was known,
but a number of experts who had exam
ined it eaid there was nothing there but
surface croppings. Senator Perkins knew
that the Clark people haa investigated the
deposit and ha.l reported unfavorably, so
he gave no heed to the proposition.
As he sat stirring the embers of a big
wood library fire at his home In Oakland
yesterday Senator Perkins told the story
of how he missed being a copper Croesus.
Said the Senator:
"I haven't any regrets, but I am sure
that there isn't in the wide world such a
bunch of mines as those on the ranch I
have Just sold. The ore in sight is some
thing beyond comprehension. Think of
one mine where there is a ledge 300 feet
long, 20 feet thick and goodness knows how
deep. They are down now about 200 feet,
and this ore runs from 10 to 65 per cent
copper, with $15 to $17 a ton silver.
"And you want the story of how I lost
this enormous fortune. Well, here go.es.
Bought for a Cattle Range.
"Sixteen years ago W. T. Garrett, the
brass founder of San Francisco, now
dead; H. L. Drew, a banker of San Ber
nardino; Richard G*rd, the beet sugar
man. and myself bought this great tract
of land in Sonora, intending to stock the
ranch and use It for a cattle range. It
was in the neutral zone, across the line
from Arizona, and very tine pasture. Mr.
Gird's brother became a Mexican citizen
and got the land through the Government
on much the same proposition • as applied
to the Spanish grants of California.
"We had the title confirmed In due
time, but grants to pasture lands In Mex
ico do not carry title to certain minerals
that may be on the lands. Any person
can go on to private lands and locate for
gold, silver, copper and lead. That is ex
actly what W. C. Green did.
"We had Intended to stock the rancho,
but Mr. Garrett died and we never, got to
that point. The Mexican cattle running
wild over the ranges have about cleaned
cut the pasturage.
"For many years we knew that there
had been mining on the Cannoneer ranch,
one of the properties we held. We knew
that there was copper and silver there,
but had not the slightest Idea of the vast
ness of the deposits. Green had lived in
that country and was well acquainted
with all of Its possibilities. He located,
I think, eight mines on our property and
The hereditary membership is to consist
of male descendants of all those eligible
for membership In the first class.
The society was organized October 3,
1S0O. by the election of the following
r.amed officers:
¦¦' President. Major General Adna R. Chaffee,
t?. -S. A.; flrot vice president. Captain B. H.
McCalla. V. S. N.: second vice preFident, Cap
tain John T. Myers. l T . S. M. C. ; secretary and
treasurer. Captain Frank I>\V. Ramsey, Ninth
V. S. Infantry; registrar. Captain Grote
HotchpFon. Fixth IT. S. Cax'alry.
Executive committee — Commander F". M.
•Uipe. L*. S. N. ; Major M. W. T. Waller. V.
F. M. C. ; Major George P. Scrlven, U. S.
VoluntPf-ni; Captain William B. Reynolds,
Fourteenth T*. S. Infantry; Captain R. B.
PaddrK-k. Sixth TT. S. Cavalry: lieutenant L.
R. Eurp-ess. Fifth V. S. Artillery; Lieutenant
"\V. JI. McGrann, IT. S. N.
A dpFigm for the badge of the order was
Fubmitted by Captain J. R. M. Taylor and
vns adopted. It consists of a. gold dragon,
suspended by a yellow ribbon-
The active membership of the order Is
composed of all officers of the United
States army, regular,- volunteer and act
ing assistant surgeons and authorized
volunteer staff officers, who served in
China from June 15 to October I, 1900. The
officers of the navy and marine corps who
served during that period are also eligi
ble for active membership, as are the
members of the diplomatic corps of the
United States located at Peking and Tien
tsin curine that time. *
AH members of foreign diplomatic corps
are eligible to honorary membership, pro
vided they were present in Peking be
tween June 15 and October 1. 1900. Mem
bership in the honorary class is also open
to all military officers engaged in the op
eration* against Tientsin and Peking, and
civilians actively engaged against the en
emy during the siege of the legations.
These who accompanied the relief expedi
tion, on the march are also eligible for
honorary membership.
An order known as the Military Order
of the Dracon has been organized in Pe
king, China, and on its membership roll
are the names of many men on whose
shoulders rested the honor of Old Glory
during the campaign that preceded the
entrance of the American forces into Pe
king.
It was organized by American officers,
and has for its object the perpetuation
of the associations formed during the his
toric expedition for the v rellef of their dis
tressed countrymen in China.
Participants in Siege of Pe
king Eligible for Mem
bership.
Army Officers Organize
Society of the
Dragon.
NEW MILITARY
ORDER FORMED
On Saturday night young Hathaway
went to the lodging-house and rented a
room. At that time he did not appear to
be disturbed In mind and gave no intima
tion.that he was about to take his own
life. Shortly before 11 o'clock yesterday
morning the bedmaker noticed the odor
of gas on the second floor. He at once
started an investigation and found that
the deadly fumes were emanating from
the room of the youthful lodger/
.The door was forced when Hathaway
failed to respond to a call, and his almost
lifeless body was found stretched out on
the floor attired only in underclothing.
The young clerk was just gasping his last
when the ambulance reached the scene. In
the room were found the fragments of let
ters that he had destroyed. As other mis
sives remained intact in his pockets it is
supposed that- the ones destroyed would
reveal the cause of his death.
Detective Coleman was detailed on the
case, but was unable to obtain a clew
that would lead to the explanation of the
boy s act. It is supposed, however, that a
love affair caused despondency, and the
destroyed letters tend to strengthen this
theory.
Charles -F. Hathaway, a sixteen year
old clerk employed by Sherman. Clay &
Co., committed suicide in a lodging-house
at 737, Market street yesterday morning by
turning on the gas in the room occupied
by him. The cause of his act Is unknown,
but it is supposed to have' been caused by
disappointment in love. The lad was a
recent arrival in this city from Ophir.
Cal., and lived at 937 Post street. '•
Charles Hathaway Turns on
G-as in Market-Street
¦ • _ . . LodgingrHousa.
Sixteen- Year-Old Lad Is
Tired of Worldly
YOUTHFUL CLERK
ENDS HIS LIFE
Fabulously Rich Copper Mines Found on Great Mexican Rancho
Owned by Him and Other Californians Claimed; by Locator
Under Law of Country and Sold to a New York Syndicate
SENATOR PERKINS LOSES CHANCE
TO BECOME A MODERN CROESUS
THE S^N FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1901.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
isllll
3-DAY SALE!
PHONE MISSION ».
SUGAR, pme cane, 18 lbs $1.00
Be#t I>ry Granulated, full weight
BUTTER, the Yery best, per sqnare 30c
The quality can't be beat.
EGGS, the very best, per dozen. . 17|c
Direct from Highland poultry farm.
BEANS, choice pink, 7 lbs 26c
A pick-up. Beans are high.
PRUNES, large and Waci, 7 lbs . : . 25c
Cook tender. Regular 5c lb.
OYSTERS, while they last, 3 for. .25c
Baltimore pack, per dozen 95c.
CORN, extra standard qnality, 6 cans 45c
"We guarantee every can to please you.
MEAT FLAKES [or breakfast, 101bs25c
Nice lai-ge flakes, fresh from the mill.
CORN STARCH, Crown brand, per pig 5c
This we guarantee to equal any brand.
SAGO, RICE, TAPIOCA, BARLEY or
SPLIT PEAS, per lb 5c
. T. H. CORCORAN & CO.,
1201 Valencia Street,
Corner Twenty-Third.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
Most effective, agreeable and
reliable Tonic Stimulant when
fatigued, or overworked.
All Drufcftlwtw. Refuse Suh«tlt u tea.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogrues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
J-C WILSON &C0 »°° n «"«r Street.
rf-V ITlLJUfl UVV. Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
CW. f£ lp P'urobtnr. Steamboat and
V- !?• - .ill I U. ship Work a specialty. 16 and
IS TVaehlncton et. Telephone Main £641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^ ROYFS fc Cfl PhiPPinjr Butchers. 104
JA3- UUlLJttlAF- clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBHICATING OILS. LEOXARD & ELLIS.
41S Front >t.. S. F. Phone Main 171J.
PRINTINCJ.
E f RITfiRF^ PRINTER.
l~ Vr tiLUUtO, r,U Eansome at.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
a ; Ftret Street. San Fraiteiieo.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
806 %££""* PARTRIDGE Tt &Z? bl °
Xlfr ""^Sl Clet-t. Spernno, rhaa,
fEfSVtt, 1 u> I d»T«- Vtc «nite«. unnatural dij.
ffcpXJ Gnu»ntrcd 55 <"b»rgt . or auy inlliwnma-
1,0) cot 10 •trle'ure. tion, 1 rintiun or uircr*-
y> *% rtcTccu c»pt»tioc tion f muroui nicm-
P7»\TKtEvtKSCHtw:rii C3. brain*. Nou-a«triDE?nu
***Ac:kc.nhui.o.E?53 &old bj 1>r °irei»u,
v yeOS^ Jt&\t »'T oirrwe. prepaid, for
*'<«. or 3 bottlm. |2.T3.
v ' ' ™ -— 5ul» r eeut cu rtxjuu**,
Cl 1)
S&r230 MARKET ST. S jf^SJ^
OR NO
The customers come Just the same.
I thank my patrons for their support In
this struggle.
To patronize me is a rebuke to these
un-American demonstrations.
My clerk Is off at 6 p. m.
My store Is open till S p. m.
Come down some evening and see
¦what's poinic on.
JOHN T. GIBSON,
"The Men's Furnisher,"
1204 Market St.,
Near Golden Gate Ave.
An Hoieii Man Wit\ Hoicsi Pric«.
GOLDBERG. B0T7EIT t CCS SPECIAL BATING SALS
Co c k tails
Imperial-6 kinds-best Ingredients-
reg'ly $1 25 bottle 9 OC
%0 W h i s k y
Old Crow bourbon 1892 bot Ji 25 $1
" . " " S al 5 4
Hermitage rye bot 1 50 ' 1 15
" ' V gal 6 4.5?
B e e r
Everard— Canadian nintc <St *r
• malt-reg'ly *i 55 doz. P * 35
and $2 35 doz quarts 2 10
Root beer
Hires— sparkling— healthful rf _
reg'ly $115 doz P *
Fly-paper
Tanglefoot— A r\t+
box of 25 double sheets C
Eau-de-qu inine
Pinaud's bottle 65c
Skin lotion
Glycerine balm with «--
witch-hazel— reg'ly 30c bottle -> **
433 Pine 233 Sutler a8oo California San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
Stereo Field Glasses
AT .
REDUCED PRICES.
1 Ocultttm* rr«»crli>tlons filled. Factory en
1 premises. Quick repairing. Phont. Main 10.
OPTICUNS^S&*££W<*
642 Market 5t. iwaTKUMtNTs
uNot« cHROHicit ButtoiNo. Catalogue Fbcc.
dr.pierces
GOtDEM
MEDICAL
DISCOVERS
FOR THE
I BLOOD, LaVER.LUMGS.
DB..JMIJLTY.
HMII3 WfcLJL-KXOV/X AND RKLUBLE OLD
I Sp<»Clal!*te>*r»Dt<VMi Poison, <ionorrha>ix.OI<«»t,
Stricture, Nominal VWakn^s*. Impotence and tbelr
alltert Disorders. Itoolt on Di%muP9 of Men. tr*»
Ov^rMvrnrsVxper'ence.Torm^r^Monable. IlnurV
DtoSdall7:e:3)toS.30*T > xs.P"rid:»v* 1 JOt'>riC<>nnul-
tauonfreeandsacrediy confidential. Call oraddrcn
P. HOMCOR HfXULTY, M.D.
fi3}» Kearny Mt.. Man *»rou<».l»cn. Cj>I-
l/l/. T. HESS.
H0TART PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1C13. Claus Spreckels Bid*
Telephone Brown 931
Residence. 821 California it., below Powell.
San Frandjco. "*
CAFE PillS
5c. Overcoat* and
vallsea checked free.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
|'°'." 1 *4 u ';t, ot GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTLRES and analosom coinDlaJnt* of Uto
Ormna of Generation.
Trice Jl a bottlo. For sal* by druggists.
GOLDBERG. B0 WEN & CO'S SPECIAL SATINS SALE
Arr i v e d
Car of Poland Water in
pints quarts half-gallon bot--
ties — stiU — effervescent
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
M a car o ni
Also spaghetti — vermicelli — o x c '
Iettersandnumbers-reg'lyi5clb x
Baking powder
Excelsior — pure — reliable — 1L . _. r
reg'ly 40c lb— 1 and 5 lb cans iO 3 °
Pim-Olas
Olives stuffed with peppers- <, t,. f e r n C
reg'ly 20c bottle-babysize «> bots 5°^
• Coffee
Kona— you'll like it— J . „ -
reg'ly 25c lb 2OC
Lentils
German— fresh—large *» 1K<j orr
slze-reg'lyioclb 3« 1DS 2 5 C
r
Glace fru its
Assorted— reg'ly here 50c 1b- 1 - A nr
Our Importation from France 4- u *"
Be e f tea
Anker's bouillon capsules . v-'i/-
box of ten— reg'ly 30c ' , 5 **
Cranberry sauce
Made In New Jersey— • - _.
reg'ly 15c can — 2 lbs IOC
Carload of Whisky
Some 20 years old
Some 18 years old
Some 12 years old
just received
cost $7000.00
Most expensive carload of
whisky ever shipped tothis '
market ;
Old Crow Bourbon
Hermitage Rye
Pure old mellow goods for medicinal
purposes— a stimulant for invalids
weak or debilitated persons —
Free from fusel oil
Tomatoes
Solid packed— Alcalde
reg'ly ioc— 2j lb can 3 cans 2 5 P
S h r imp s
Biloxi— Danbar can IOC •
>R i cVe \
Fancy head— clean large T _ 11 „ d , i
kernels— reg'ly 14 lbs l 7 H>S$1 j
Washing- powder i
Kleeno-qulck-not Injurious- a for 2 CC '
."••My ice packa g5 -ilb 4 Ior 2 5 C I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
opCtlal Ocllv
OF FINE
Housekeeping
I TNCN'Q
This week we will have a special
sale of the following Fine Linen
Goods for household purposes;
Hand and Power Loom Table Damasks,
Fine Damask Dinner Sets, Plain and
Hemstitched Lunch Sets, Damask NaD-
kins, Damask and Huckahack Towels,
both Hemmed and Hemstitched} Rus-
sian, Irish and Scotch Towelinas, and
Glass Linens, Hand Embroidered Stand
Covers, Trau Cloths, Center Pieces, Tea
Cloths Pillow Shams, Bed Sets and
.Doulies. '
All the above Linens are from the best mak-
ers in Euroce, and will be sold bu us
much less than the present value of the
goods, .
We will also sell this week about 175 pairs
Fine White Mission Blankets, for three-
auarter, full size and extra size beds, 1
urices S4.OO, S5.OO ana
$G.OO pair. These blankets are
the balance of our winter stock, hence
the low prices,
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.