no_textSo far as may be In this workaday
world, the wish was fulfilled. Sorrow,
true enough,' came to them, but much
more happiness than Is the lot of most.
They made happiness : for themselves.
They were, through all the years, de
voted to one another, to their children,
to their friends. This means every, one
with whom they came In contact, for they
were the most 'famously hospitable souls
In; the towns In which they lived, and
their friends numbered all the way from
tho Mayor to the washerwoman.
They settled - first at Falrfleld. *' Ohio.
There, In Columbiana County, he estab
lished an iron foundry, and for two dec
ades had interest* In" Iron furnaces in
New Wilmington, Ohio. It is Interesting
to observe that the President's ancestry
makes it possible to trace his character.'
¦ ' ¦ \ -
tnougnlt would seem simple enough- to
young people "of this generation. "They
were a; most fine couple to look upon,"
Bays a record. "Most comely 'were they
both, and their eyes beamed Intensely
with love. The was attired in a
gown of rare weave, the cloth being of
no make that we know In this country,
but brought from over the seas by some
sea captain who had at one time known
the family. Tho groom was a very brave
appearing man with an upright carriage
and ' . ¦& •' manly expression, yet tender
withal. In all they were as likely a
couple as* one might see in many a day."
Then the story goes on-to Bay that the
wedding feast was "sumptuous In the ex
treme; the table fairly. groaning with the
good viands 'spread upon it. , There was a
supper fit for a king, or let us say for a
president as better fitting the. condition of
our now free and Independent land. .The
bride,'; In - spite of her gayety ; and charm
of- manner, ' was \ so stately withal that
the men who attended the ceremony had
not .the courage to approach and kiss her
as they a had -Intended, for they had an
least. In fact, it ia likely that ha pro
posed in the most solemn manner possi
ble and the most pompous, and it is quite
likely that the two of them knelt together
in prayer upon the Instant of his being
accepted. That was the fashion of the
time. They were both as devoutly reli
gious people as ever lived.
This William McKinley, to whom she
had given her heart and was presently to
give her hand, was as promising a young
man os her. father had ever hoped for.
He was descended from a long line of citi
zens who in times of peace were foremost
In Industry and In the days of war were
always at the front.' His people were
Highland Scotch, brawny and brainy men,
who needed only tho opportunities and
enlightenment of education.' They were
not of the royalist /tribes of „ Scotland,
but a sturdy set, with a determined
though imperfectly developed idea of free
dom. Liberty of conscience was real with
them, and they left the Highlands for, th*
North of Ireland, seeking independence,
and thence to America for the greater
mini, nuere ner ancestors nau ncu to ta
capo religious tyranny lh England. The
first of tha Robo family to emigrate to
America was Andrew, who came with
William Penn and was one of the repre
sentatives Of , the thirteen colonies be
fore the rebellion against Great Britain.
He owned. the land on which Doylestown
staeds to-day. It was his son, Andrew
Rose, who was the father of Mary Rose,
the mother, of William McKinley Sr.
This Andrew Rose did more than double
fluty in the war for freedom against Great
Britain. He fought and made weapons
to fight with. / ¦<
David McKinley's second son, James,
married Mary Rose. James McKinley
raised a lateo family. That Deems to
have been just as characteristic of them
as It was of 'tho Allison house.. William
was the second, son of James. He was
r born in Penpsylvanla; So he and Nancy
traced a Bimjlarity in their families. They
met and married In Ohio. Back of this
their families were both from Pennsylva
nia/ '¦: Back of this there was a strain of
Scotland '4n 'the blood of both of ; them,
liberty they found and helped to perpetu
ate. . . . ';.•• '¦
James McKinley, a fine Scotch-Irish
lad of 12 years, was the first, to come to
America. He was the father of David Mc-
Kinley, the great-grandfather of the
President. William McKinley came to
America with James and settled in the
South, where his descendants have been
and are men of distinction. David Mc-
Kinley was a Revolutionary Boldior, one
of the sort not remembered In history, ex
cept under the grand classification of pri
vates.
The mother of William McKinley Sr.
was of equally good and sturdy stock,
being Mary. Rose, who married James Mc-
Kinley the second. She came from Hol-
But she did, for she was one of the girls
of that old school whose girls sil had a
certain charm that ours are in danger of
losing with too much civilization. They
were healthy men and they had no more
idea of what nerves are than has a wcll
poised kitten. They were brave, " for
troublous conditions were not far enough
in the background for them to have fpr
gotten that. They were loyal and con
stant; that was the Ideal of the time. All
these things were entirely true t)f Nancy
Allison, and when William McKinley saw
all these things In addition to the fact
that she was good to look upon he fill
in love with her. *
He did it In the style of those days.
It was not a colloquial style, to cay the
that made them feel all the nearer and
dearer when they traced it out. ;
They used to spend long hours doing
this. | The mother countries were not so
finback in those days but they seemed to
have some relationship to America and
Americans. When young William McKin
ley—for young he was then— came court
ing pretty Mlse Nancy Papa AlliBon made
him give an account not only of himself
but 'of his ancestors for several genera^
tions back.' The account proved entirely
satisfactory. The end was that Miss
Nancy was borne off as has been the
fate of most charming girls before and
since- her time. ' : . •
, In New Lisbon the event took place. It
was a pretty and a Jolly wedding,
instinct that she would turn haughtily
away and in all possibility reply to their
advances by saying that her kisses were
now the sole property of the young and
gallant husband at her side. Likewise,
a glance at his stalwart form and proud
brow deterred them from carrying out a
custom that was an old and much-fol
lowed one.
"The congratulations of the friends Of
the young couple were quite beyond reck
oning, so many were they. They were
most hearty, too, .being not from the lips
alone, but from the heart, for the two
are as beloved hereabouts as any In our
midst.
"Thera are no doubt many sighing
young 'suitors now, for Miss Nancy Alll-
I.
«» yr RS. WILLIAM McKINLET SR.
f \/| was one of the women who
Y I thought she had a right "to en-
X. ter politics. This sounds ex-
tremely up-to-date. And yet
she wo-ald have been astonished If she
had been offered the ballot. She Is not on
record as having at any time asked for it.
She has always appeared quite ready to
let the men of America do all the voting
that was done, especially since they
showed themfjelves so thoroughly In ac
cordance with her ideas in the matter.
Her part in politics was played for the
most part before ever her son William
eat In the Presidential chair, although he
would tell you that she was of power in
the world political even to her last dayi
and is yet. So long as he holds office she
has her influence, for it is through him
that all her work for the state has done.
Indirect effort— that Was her idea of the
woman's use In the political field. Through
the men who were near and dear to her
she could reach out and control— there is
no telling what What her limitations
were no one shall say. It is up to psy
chologists to determine how much she hat?,
to do with making William McKinley tho
President of the United States.
Mrs. McKinley was the Nancy Campbell
Allison who came of the long line of
Pennsylvania Allisons. They were an en
ergetic race and an industrious. Above
all, their characteristic as a family was
Btlck-to-it^lveness. It was in the line of
family tradition that all of her children
were brought up.
There were nine of -them. The President
to-be waB neither the first nor the last, sc
he had no chance to ; be spoiled. When he
waB a baby the one just before him was
still a baby, too, anil he had to share tha
honors; and just as he w&s about to have
a monopoly on them, along came a glr
and cut him out entirely.
Mrs. McKinley did her best, and her
best wa very good. But 'it Is plain
enough that there was no time to spoil
children in that family.
They have always had big families, tho
McKlnleys, and sturdy ones, too. Bo with
the Allisons. Nancy Allison was the
handsome, well-knit girl whom William
McKinley Sr. married in New Lisbon as
long ago as 1S2T.
The ! Alllsons came from England to Vir
ginia in early days. "In Virginia they
multiplied," says the record.
One branch of them emigrated to Pehn
eylvania In later years. There, in Greene-
County, settled one Abner Allison as long
ago as In revolutionary tlmoB. It came to
pass that he met, loved, wooed and won
a certain Ann Campbell of a Scotch-Ger
man family who were already living in
that county. Later on another emigration
took place. In which these Allisons moved
to Ohio, and there they built them a home
and reared a family of ten sturdy chil
dren. Nancy Campbell Allison was one of
them.
She was never a spoiled child herself.
Perhaps , ! that has something to do with
her sound Ideas on up-bringing. If j'ou
are ' going into that Bort of thing, why,
then, there is fo telling in the wide world
how far/back McKinley' s election to fill
Georce 'Washington's omce may go. Be*
cause nis mother reared him well, because
her mother reared her well, because all of
them were reared well— It's as bad as the
house that Jack built.
In the family home at New Lisbon
Nancy Campbell was reared. There she
lived through her little-girl days, very
much as all other little girls do. She
showed a tremendously vigorous constitu
tion, which remained with her all the long
years of her life and which made her a
hale and hearty old lady. .
She was a rcnip as a eirl. It is a- hard
thing to Imagine the stately old lady who
looked as dignified as if her whole b'isi
ness for all her life through had teen the
rearing of Presidents. But romp she was,
as all the records show.
She was a champion tree-climber. 8he
could climb faster and dared climb higher
than a single one of her brothers and
than any boys of the neighborhood, for
that matter. She was a little athlete ftnd
dearly loved all outdoor sport. The story
has been told of her that she never look
a bird's egrg 1 or would accept en© as a
present and that most of her tree-climb
ing was done for the purpose of prevent
ing boys' robberies. She would scale up a
tree like a cat, give a thieving boy a
hearty poke that would perhaps send him
sprawling and elide down and tfive him a
lecture while he was picking himself up.
This tenderness for birds and animals
has always been a marked characteristic
of her and she reared her children with a
regard for dumb creatures constantly be
fore their minds.
As Nancy grew Into her beautiful strong
womanhood along came suitors for her
hand. They were the hardy Kind that
young ladies of that day and the genera*
tlon were blessed with; young pioneers
who had the love of country strong in
their hearts because theirs was a new
country.' V-W
Of them all William McKlnlev was the
only one who In any way touched the
heart of capricious Miss Nancy. For she
was a bit capricious inasmuch as sho was
a girl. She afterward developed Into so
strong and clear-headed a woman that It
seems impossible to think that che ever
played pranks and upset young and un
eettable hearts. . - '
Mra. - McKinley, as most . mothers of
large families, was enabled t.1 . do more
for the children because they were numer
. ous than had she had but one or two. The
danger of being spoiled was obviated, and
the association wltn brothers and sisters
naturally produced a thoughtf ulne*s for
others, a regard for different opinions,
end at the same time helped develop an
ability to care for himself, since In a fam
ily of many members, no matter how har
monious and loving it may be, there is al
ways n. struggle for the supremacy, par
ticularly when there is an inheritance of
aggressiveness.
Mrs. McKinley *was a Christian woman.
She was an ardent Methodist, too devoted (
to her church to admit of any possibility I
of changing It. Her husband was a Pres-J
by terlan by education, but he fell Into the
habit of accompanying his wife to the
church that was home to her. Regularly
on Sunday mornings they used to be seen
going down the street together, the tall,
stately couple who looked enough alike to
b« brother and sister. They were both
distinctly Roman in type, and their llke-j
ness was marked up to their last years
in the strong, intellectual lines of the Ro-(
man face. Mrs. McKinley was an ardent
patriot. Sho willingly offered her son for
racriflee when sh« consented to hi3 en- '
taring tho army to help pat down the Te
- feellion when he was not yet 13 years old. '
When you think of how dearly beloved her
children were to her. you can see that this
v:aa no heart'.csstiesa or cold pride, but ,
her Ideal of honor and patriotism assert-'
ing itself over affection for a son. She
always, however, took the greatest pride
in hl3 abilities and his wide reputation,
and It is' probable that she was more re
joiced at his election than was even his
ambitious and devoted wife, for upon her
fell tho arduous responslbilties of tho
White. Hou»e duties, and in her delicate
health there was a good deal of dread of
the; undertaking.
Such a mother as McKinley had would
have counted his honor as nothing if it
had been' secured unworthily. Truly h«r
greatest happiness lay In the fact that
he was an honorable man and respected
'by hi!* enemies.
"1 am proud of his achievement," she
said after the election, "but I should not
be If he did not deserve It entirely. That
Is what I am proud of, after all— his
worth, not Its reward. 1 don't love him
a bit better than I did before. He was
always a dear and devoted son, and he
is the same now. 1 was always proud
of him because ha was good, and 1 am
so now."
The family moved from Falrfleld to
Nlles, where William Jr. was born. , Their
home there was an unpretentious frame
building, a house that was partly dwell
ing and partly store, the dwelling being
very . neat and bright-* good, homelike
place. There . was no* silver spoon In
young William's mouth, although his
parents were comfortably situated. They
were progressing In the slow and sure
¦way that p««plfr-dil!geflt # people, that
is— did. In that time. .
"We kept on and we got ahead," Mr.
McKinley - Used to say. "It was largely
due to Nan. She was always a prop,
and she never let me get discouraged."
She never let anybody that came near
her "set discouraged." She was u
cheery as' the canaries that sang in her
window. Both she and her husbanb,
and most of the family, for that matter,
were the personification of "sound mind
In sound body." They were bota great
wits, and could/ entertain a table of
guests.
There Is a story told of Mrs. McKin
ley's quick wit which lasted through her
whole life. . Not long before her hus
band's death, when both old people wera
In their, seventies, they used to banter
one another as If they were boy- and girl.
William Jr.. sitting In a room ad Join
ins theirs, heard this conversation:
"Nan." said the* old gentleman* "Nan,
I believe that if I were out of the way
this minute you would Imagine that you
could go out and pick up any handsome
man you might see." .,
"William," retorted the old lady, crisp
ly, "it nevar would -occur to me to im
pose myself upon any man after having
The lines' of activity pursued by his f ore
fathers were such as to leave their Im
press upon their offspring, and much as
he owes to his own energy and labor, the
tendency to study, to activity and to con
tinued effort was inherited If anything
ever 1 Is. > He ' had opening* and chances
better and broader than his ancestor*.
Nancy Allison, the lively girl and the co
quettish, turned out to be a wonderful
wife- and mother. The girlish traits ma
tured, her virtues crystallized. Her love
and devdtlon. her gentle guidance, her re
ligious Instruction followed her children
everywhere. She, was essentially a do
mestic woman and th« pleasures of her
home life filled ail her tlin© and heart.
It Is said that she and her husband were
never rigorous In discipline, although they
had a model family. They never needed
to be. They were both" people of tremen
dously strong wills, and their children
obeyed Instinctively. In fact, all who
came near them came under the Influence
of those powerful wlll3. Correction and
punishment were unnecessary to. suck par
ents. Probably the President of th«
United States never had a spanking In
his life, which statement will be the de
light of all "moral suasion" parents of
the present day.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
WILLIAM MC'KINLEY
FATHER OF THE PRESIDENT
son was a most. widely admired damsel,
and no doubt will continue to be admired
as a matron, for. she has the qualities
that endear her to all hearts and that are
not' ephemeral but of long endurance.
May all joy. bo hers and that of her noble
husband." . ,
/ ii.
2A protective tariff to him was far more
than a political theory or a commercial
necessity. It was the protection which
the family as a unit needed against the
outside hungry, aggressive world across
the water.
Thus it was that William McKinley the
younger imbibed his tariff ideas along
with his patriotism and his politics, from
the same source; the source from which
all good, boys and strong men get their
politics — from his father.
The result was a success until the for
ests began to give out and then again
- ¦
the McKinley Inventiveness was called in
to action and he found that by burning
the stone coal in the same way that wood
was burned /.the resulting carbon,
now known as coke, was a perfect sub
stitute for the wood charcoal. < Still the
prejudices of the Iron buyers could not
be entirely overcome and so for that, pur
pose it was always necessary to mix char
coal with the coke, that It might still have
some of the virtues of charcoal Iron.
¦ . • -
grade ores, of Michigan and all about
was the forest to yield charcoal for the
smelting of them.
question of protection ?» American indus
tries.
Then, as now, the tariff rates had their
ebbs, and flows. There were high tariff
times and low tariff times, and. with! each
change the young McKinleys got an ob
ject lesson. High ' tariff the household
was prosperous and low - tariff there
were, hard times and privations of all
kinds. More work and less money to
show for it. . .
In time the family moved to Poland,
and later on to Canton. The life In Po
land was important as coming In the
years when young 'William was growing
and developing. There, as well as in
the other towns, the family made 'a deep
impression upon the people of the town.
Mr. Porter says In his volume: , ¦
"One who knew, Mrs. McKlnley In the
old days at Poland speaks of her quiet
dignity of manner, of her never-failing
watchfulness of the young family and of
herinfluence for •good. It was a family
full of sunshine and hope, of self-sacrifice
on ' the : part ' of both . father, and mother
and of filial- devotion on- the part of the
children. It represented a pure American '
home where sound religion and love -of
This devotion' to her friends lasted Mrs.
McKinley to the last year of her life, dur
ing which it was the pleasure of Mr. Jos
eph S. Spear Jr.^and his ¦wife, who are old
friends of the McKinleys, to meet her and
spend many pleasant days at the Canton
home I of the then President-elect, '.where
his mother was staying. Mr.- Spear tells
of his charming visit to the illustrious old
lady as follows:
strengtn or Tun ana p".rr»i'i» rnax ¦' Has
been a rich Inheritance to her children."
She was the most sociable woman that
ever lived. At her home of late years, the
one in Canton, she never took a dinner
without at least one guest at table, and
often there wer© ; as -many as the table
could by Its biggest stretch accommodate.
She never gave up making calls ¦ her
self. Every afternoon after the old-fash
ioned noon dinner she would take a nap
— fifteen minutes It always lasted, as pre
cisely as if there were ' some brain clock
to announce the time. Then she arose aa
fresh and bright as a girl, put on her best
bib and tucker and went out'' to' make
calls. Nothing but a storm or trouble
at home ever kept her from this hour or
two with her friends.
the facts, which the tariff framer formed,
that has always enabled ' him. to Invest
such an apparently dry subject with the
Interest which he knows how to throw
. Into it.
Around the home of William McKlnley
there was always a mixture of three In
dustries, for they, were in the midst of
the great farming and coal belt as well
as the smelting. The father was a man
who could not only work and plan, but
he was a logician arid kept his wits
sharpened by continual reading of the
heavy authors of past centuries.
There were tariff arguments then as
now, and, of course, much more acrimo
nious, as less was known by both parties.
The farmers who surrounded the mining
and manufacturing towns closely on every
side could not as a rule easily be brought
to see why it was that they should be .
.made to pay ' more for their tools than
those same tools could • be bought for
abroad. It was true," they noticed, that
when the tariff was ¦ reduced and 'the
mines and . furnaces closed JoWn, that
there was no chance for them to sell their
garden truck, even If \ they could- buy the ,
hoes ; with which to cultivate it for a few
cents less each.
The miners, too. thought more of being
able to get cheap tools wtien they worked
than to be always sure- of having work.
As sons of the iron founder, the young
McKinleys were always being twitted by
their comrades whose fathers were in
agricultural or mining occupations. The
result was that all of the boy's were con
tinually in the midst-of a .tariff .war,
which was a valuable • training for them.
To a boy his father Is always ; right, and
in their defense of their father tnev. were
priming themselves for the future defense
of their nation in which all of tha sons of
William McKinley Sr. have loined with
their strength whenever has arisen the
country 'were inculcated from childhood.
It was typical of those homes .which turn
out the best and" most useful . citizens of
the republic. Hear what this friend says:
"Many of McKinley's good • qualities,
both of heart and mind, were due to his
mother. I recall her quiet dignity of man
ner. She was just the same in the midst
of commonplace duties as in a palace if
she had been reigning there. All her old
friends, and neighbors of ' Poland who
speak of her agree to this. . Her charac
ter, for all that is commendable In . a
woman's sphere, stands pre-eminent here
In church and in the hearts of her friends
—she had that blending of sweetness and
line, but like all pioneers he was lacking
in experience and was working feu* the
benefit of others who came after him.'
The ores of Michigan were at that time
too rich and thick with iron to be worked
by themselves, and they would clog the
furnaces with masses which would adhere
together, exclude the intermlxer fuel and
so gradually cocl and form great ingots in
the furnace which could not be got rid
of except by rebuilding.
A new furnace was started on a canal in
Ohio which connected with the interior
river system, and also with the lake. To
this place were brought the too low grade
ores of Pennsylvania and the too high
There Is enough of evidence in the fact
of McKinley's pertinacious j fight for the
tariff, when all tiie rest of the Republican
party wished to give it up, : to show that
it must have been born in him. And not
only that, but what was born in the bone
was strengthened in the it bringing up.
There were short, rations fi the' McKin
ley family when their furnaces had to sell
iron for a dollar a ton less than it cost
them to make It in order to meet English
competition and not forever lose their
trade. It was a patriotic duty that main
tained them in a sometimes apparently
hopeless contest. •,..-.
It was this early life acquaintance with
turing iron at New "Wilmington, Pa., Eng
land began a determined effort to under
mine the iron industry of America by de
livering: English Iron at FIttsburg for $1
p?r ton less than the Pennsylvania foun
dries could produce it in their own fur
naces.
There was a clear object lesson In favor
of the people who Eald "Buy In the
cheapest market." But all too fresh in
McKInley's mind was the story which his
grandfather had told him of the troubles
when the homes of Americans were being
burned and riddled with bullets for the
lack of iron to defend them
"Better pay a dollar a ton more, or $10
a ton more," said he, "in time of peace
and preserve the peace than to save the
dollar and be vanquished in a hopeless
war that Is sure to be forced upon the un
prepared.'.'
AH his life Ions the eenior McKinley
| fought for this principle. The result wag
that the efforts of himself and of those
sterling: men of his time put the United
States In a. position that made It invin
cible; gave it a start that has sent it fly
ing: ahead, until now those same Pennsyl-,
vania towns are building- iron bridges for
the British colonies; invading Great Brit
tain itself and there slowly stifling; th«
smoke of the foundries that once nearly
cost this country its national existence.
It was in this atmosphere of tariff, not
for revenue, not for protection of trade
only, but for protection of the very lives
of the people and the Integrity of the Gov
ernment Itself, that William McKinley Sr.
raised his family.
"What could be more apparent to them
than that the folly of buying cheap Iron
during the Bummer of prosperity was like
the policy of the grasshopper who sang
through the summer. In the winter of
war's frowning clouds the busy ant would
say "Go dance."
The Iron smelters of those days had no
such conveniences as are now known, and
much of the work, most of it In fact, was
done by main strength of manual labor.
In all of the processes which were used in
getting metallic Iron from the ore William
McKinley was a leader in advanced meth
ods. In those early days it was not even
supposed that coal could be used for
smelting purposes. "Stone coal" it was
called then by Mr. McKinley as opposed
to the charcoal which he used in his
furnaces. The ore of Pennsylvania was of
a low grade, containing but 30 per cent of
iron and 70 per cent of sand and dross.
The loss in heating and fusing this use
less mass of sand and rock greatly re
duced the profit.
To overcome this Mr. McKinley became
interested in the first company which ever
developed the rich iron ores of Michigan,
which are now supplying half of the metal
of the world. He was a pioneer in that
lived with you for these many years."
Then they both laughed gayly. and
"Good for you. mother," shouted Wil
liam Jr., as he ran to kiss her.
It is perhaps the Impression of most
people who take no Interest In politics— of
•whom there are unfortunately far too
me ny— that the devotion of President Me-
KlnJey to the tariff was a matter of com
paratively recent date; that It was taken
up by him as any successful politician
•who casts about for a popular wave on
which to ride.
This is as far from the truth as anything
can be. Probably it has seldom before
been realized and perhaps never before
written that the father of the President
was one of the first men in America to
see the necessity for a tariff and he saw
a deeper reason for It than the mere profit
of the day which came to the protected
manufacturer.
It was for this reason Andrew Rose,
above mentioned as grandfather of "Wil
liam Sr., had seen the danger that
threatened America durlns the War of
the Hevolutlon, when the British soldiers
came over, armed with plenty of good
hard metal guns and the poor continental
forces, who had nearly all been farmers,
and had not gone Into iron working, were
forced to fight with such' primitive guns
as they had for killing birds and game.
In order to adapt their arms for warfare
It was necessary to have swords- and
bayenets. There were no foundries ir
the country and but the primitive forges
for farm blacksmithing. The only iron
was in the shape of useful agricultural
Implements.
These were painfully and labTiously
worked by the aid of charcoal fires into
implements of defense. The result is to
be seen to this day in digging over the
old revolutionary battlegrounds. The
American weapons can be told from the
English, old and rust-eaten as they are,
ifor the reason that being only made of
soft Iron instead of good steel, they are
almost Invariably bent and injured. The
American soldiers were not only handi
capped then by the scarcity cf iron, but
by Rs Inferiority. Every one knows -what
the result would have been had the scar
city of iron been greater. Proud, brave
and all, they ¦would have had to yield
when the iron gave out.
With this object lesson before him,
William JIcKlntey Sr., with his strong
patriotism, saw moEt clearly that the In
dependence of the United States could
only be maintained by keeping the coun
try in a condition to supply Itself with
arms.
During the time that he was manufac-
"My dear, look out at that wheat field,"
he replied. "You will notice that air the
full heads bow, while those that stand
erect are— empty."
His death followed that of his eldest
son by two months. The news of the
death was without preparation and It was
a blow from which the father never recov
ered. He spoke scarcely at all after the
news, and in a. few weeks' time his life
ebbed away.
He missed the joy of seeing his son In
the Presidential chair, a joy that was
vouchsafed the proud mother. She lived
to. be present at the first inauguration,
and the picture of her on this page shows
her.' in the . point ' lace inauguration cap
presented her for that great occasion.
"Father, you aro growing old at last,"
one of them said, teaslngiy. "You certainly
are stooping. Look at mother— see how
erect she is."
In the last years of his life, Mr. Mo-
Klnley's shoulders began to show a slight
stoop in spite of all his efforts to the con
trary. "When his family would rally him
on this, he would brace bravely for the
minute and defy them to prove their as
sertion.
married, and where their children had
come to them.
city and extended their stay to several
months, but they never wanted to re
main here. Ohio was home to them; it
wa.s where they had been reared, loved,
They were greatly delighted with this
In the early part of the seventies they
visited San Francisco, coming to see their
eldest son David, .who had already made
his home here. At that time they were
what the world would call old, but they
would not own It, nor would any one who
saw them. They were tall, erect, and un
touched by gray. They were always in
full possession of their keen faculties, a
submission to spectacles being the only
sign of failing.
As for the Bible, he and his wife were
both students, yes, scholars of that.
They could quote any part of it.
"The Wandering Jew" was another of
his favorites. He would pore over the
Jew's adventures evening after evening,
never growing weary of re-reading. •".'.'-
"We had been staying at the home of
Mr. Mark Hanna, and he had suggested
a run down to the McKinleys'.
"Having always lived in the one-railed
land of the Southern Pa«lflc, I had forgot
ten that there could be more than one rail
road In a town, and so had not thought of
asking- which depot when Mr. Hanna said
In the morning, 'I have to go down early,^
and will meet you at the depot.*
"The result was that I landed up at an- I
other depot,' took another train, and got 1
into Canton half an hour after the rest of
them. The President himself had driven
down In his thoughtful, Informal way to
meet me. Arrived at the house, we met
among others there Mr. Edison,- the uncle
of the Wizard of Menlo' Park. Mr. Mo-
Kinley's mother herself took us for a
drive In the family carryall. She sat In
th« rear seat with Mrs. Spear and direct
ed US Where to drive, while Mr. Edison
and myself sat on the front seat.
""Now, you can perhaps guess ta to the
route over which sh» drove us. It was
first to the place where her son had made
his early success as an orator at the bar.
Then to the hous« where ha had met and
jourted his wife, then to the church
where they, were married, to the building
where his office had been when he made
his famous fight against Mark Hanna in
the coal-mine trouble — that fight In which
he won the case for his clients and yet
handled the opponent, the bulldog Mark
Hanna, In such a way as to win his ever
lasting friendship and esteem, long before
he was politically prominent.
"So Mrs. McKlnley directed us from
point to point over what seemed to me al
ready historic ground and which certainly
will become so.
"With the drive we had also the de
tailed life history by the one who knew It
best of all, who in her motherly pride did
not hesitate to turn the light upon all of
the details. Indeed, that Is the one pride j
that Mrs. .William McKlnley, Sr. had— aj
pride in her that was based not on hlSj
recently acquired honors but on the solid, '
painstaking life work by which he had
got there."
She never could rellncrulsh her hold on
household duties, and she Insisted upon
doing some housework even though there
was no need of It, with competent ser
"vants, and though her children and
grandchildren begged her to leave labor
to younger hands. (
"There ' are no younger hands," she
would insist, and greatly did she resent
the implication that she was growing old ¦
or ever could.
So every Monday morning she would I
go to the kitchen and spend the fore
noqn among pots and pans, making her
self useful in a thousand ways and satis
fylng her lifelong pride In "looking wellj
to the ways of her household." .,_.'
While she devoted her spare hours to
her friends, her husband took to hl3
books.. He was an inveterate reader,
clinging fondly to the classics ana espe- _,
cially to Shapespeare. There was not a line
of the dramatist that he could not place s
on the Instant. And dear as Shakespeare
was to him he never saw any of his
works played. It was the writer that ap
pealed to him, not the dramatist. He was
never inside a theater in his old-fashioned,
home-loving life, even to see the produc
tions of his beloved author. *
THE SUNDAY CALL.
MRS. WILLIAM MC'KINLEY
MOTHER OF THE PRESIDENT
3At the time of Sheridan's , famous ride
he was in the thick of the fight, and when
In the midst, of all came the, war, and
away s he went with the Impetuosity of. a
boy kindled. to, the blazlng:point by tales
of the old Greek heroes studied at school,
and stories bf his warrior ancestors who
had' fought for; American freedom, '-which
were : heard about the . fireside. '
Fighting under Hayea and Crook, he
rose from a private to the" ranks of major.
school teaching was but a means to
another, end,', for he had shown such skill
in winning debates that it was determined
by his family that he should be educated
for the practice of the law. ' '
He was even at that time a boy of great
natural dignity. This unassuming manner
of his, together with a certain bashful
ness, and- a fondness for listening rather
than talking,- unless actually making a
speech, has won him an undeserved rep
utation for taciturnity . and assumption of
importance that is not merited.'
statesman had advanced himself so far m
his studies that he was engaged In teach
ing school.'
Poland, however, at the time the Mc-
Kinleys moved there, had . an academy,
and at this place , the children received
. For this purpose they moved to the
town , of .-' Poland, ,, and - here ¦ again . is an
instance s of the scarcity ¦ of* knowledge at
that time v when it Is . stated that -the
town-was so named Poland because that
was easy word to spell. .
The parents of the coming. President
were determined that ' their ¦ . numerous
family of chllJrsn- should" have all^th'e
educational advantages which were , to
be had at , that ; time . on the Western . Re
serve, ; 'where time : was scarce ¦ and -books
almost unobtainable. .
the hard work and privations of the
times, would ;be_ locked upon at the pres
ent time as sufferings too much for hu
man endurance. . .
til- his retirement from active life ; in
1S76. .' ( N " V - './¦:.' '•¦"¦
William 1 McKinley, the seventh child,
was born January. 29,' 1843, : at;Niles, Ohio.
While his family did not suffer from pov
erty as it ; was ; (then known, nevertheless-
v Those, men were natural pioneers.
When': no longer allowed to worship in
their own way,. they went from Scotland
to Ireland, from Ireland to/America^ and
as; fast as'- they 'could push Westward
theyj pioneered the \ path of civilization.
,Their.. ax was ever at tho root of the
smothering forest ' that pressed upon
their clearings. : Between the fierce "red-
They inherited the firmness which
marks all of the old Scotch presbyters
of the race from" which they sprung.
There he" wedded with' a Miss Sarah
Gray,' and their second son was James
McKinley, who married a Miss Rose of
Mercer County, Pennsylvania, and they
became the parents of William McKin
ley Sr., our President's father, who died
In 1892.
, The/entire.. family of McKinleys, while
never •rising, to individual greatness^ were
always solid men of respectability and
extreme activity.
Revolutionary war under America's first
general, the immortal Washington^
After the war .David ' McKinley settled
in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania-
It was not such a great thing to do, yet
it was the first time hi the history of war
that It had ever been done. And It was
just like McKInley to/do it. A thougnt
fulness for the little comforts of others,
a disregard for the great dangers that
threatened himself.
The way to win a man is to feed the
brute and that little feed won for Sergeant
McKInley '.to a lieutenancy; ¦
took him from the ranks of the hired, man
to the position of the officer, and gentle
man.
Not to say that he was not. these things
already. "But every man who enters the
army as a private leaves behind him all
that he has been, and must again work
himself to the top in a new. line of life.
See what another President said of Mc-
Kinley long years before he was ¦ called
to the Presidential chair.
President Hayes thus tells, the story of
how he helped to effect the promotion of
Sergeant McKinley:
"When : . I became commander of tha
regiment he soon came to ' be on my staff
and remained there for one or two years.
; "From that time he naturally pro
gressed, for his talents and capacity could
not be unknown to the commander of , 'the
army of West Virginia, George Crook.-
He wanted McKinley ' and, of course, it
was my duty to tell McKInley he, must
leave me.
"Later on, coming to Ohio to recover,
from wounds, I called upon Governor Tod
and told him of the incident of young.
Sergeant McKinley risking his life to feed •
his brother soldiers.
,"With the emphasis that distinguished '
It is a great test of a boy— what his own
family thinks of him.
William McKInley was the idol of his
brothers and sisters.
One- of them In particular, the eldest, -
David , McKInley, who was so well known
to San Franciscans as Consul-General of
Hawaii, was laughed at for the adoration
which he paid to his younger brother.
.-More than twenty years ago David Mc-
Kinley prophesied " that his brother Wil
liam would one day be President of the ,
United States.
It has been- fortunate for William Mc-
Kinley that he has had, such an under
standing,' encouraging family. They have
one and all been; firm in their faith In
him, and that must have gone far to give
him faith in himself. .
Before he was seventeen the coming
.'. ' It was a continual struggle between the
growing boy, William, and his family as
to whether he should continue his educa
tion. . ¦
He declared it, his duty to assist In the
support of the family, while his older
brothers and sisters as " steadfastly In-'
sisted upon doing that and assisting him
to get his education as well, for even at
that time he gave great promise of abil
ity in all local debates and literary con
tests. «
Many stragglers had found their way
back to where the commissary was locat
ed. The young 6ergeant pressed them into
duty as cooks and soon had two wagons
loaded with steaming hot coffee and hot
meat sandwiches. Then, securing cne of
the bravest of the stragglers, he led the
way with his wagon and, despite' the
warnings of superior officers, he drove
down through the lines, dodging bullets,
as all men will when they hear the zip
ping close to- their necks. To every man
in his regiment he gave food and drink.
Es was at that time only a boy under
21— a commissary sergeant. The army had
been fighting in the field since before sun
up with nothinr to eat. :
William. McKinley seems to have made
his triumphal entry Into history's blaz
ing calcium light mounted on an array
wagon which charged into the field of bat
tle at Antietam,* loaded with hot coffee
and sandwiches'.
"He stated that, years ago, while Mr.
McKinley was practicing law and before
he had arrived at political prominence, a
dispute arose concerning some mining
property In which Mr. Hanna was Inter
ested. William McKinley was the attor
ney* for the parties opposed to Mr. Hanna
and won the case for his clients, but. did
it with such a show of gentlemanliness
to his adversaries that Mr. Hanna was
completely •won over to him and has been
his friend since on every occasion."
his sturdiness. - ...
- William McKinley Sr. was raised at
New Lisbon, Ohio, where he learned the
trade of an ' iron worker at the furnace
of one Gidejon Hughes.
On January 6, 1829, William McKinley
Sr. married a Miss Nancy Allison, and
shortly afterward went into business for
himself . as ' an. iron founder at Falrfield.
Cclumbiana County, Ohio.
He continued In the Iron business un-
skinned' sons of. the wilderness and the
long, ice-locking winters, the. sturdy an
cestors of William McKInley found plen
fy of exercise without, calisthenics to
harden them into the form that gave hi va
that . great war Governor he *sa!d : . 'Let
McKinley be promoted from sergeant to
lieutenant.' "
This was one of the -first . steps that
helped to lead Sergeant McKinley of the
Twenty-third Ohio Volunteers out of the
broad road Into the narrow. It was only
a step, but he has. never yet stooped.
While the name McKinley strongly sug
gests the old country from which it was
derived, _ as a matter, of fact the first
McKinley settled "in America long be
fore the American Revolution, and a son
of his.- Davhl 'McKinley, served in Cap
tain McCaskey's company ; of . Pennsyl
vania troops and fought through the
WILLIAM MC'KINLEY
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
One narrative In particular of Mr.
Spear's Is Interesting, as It explains the
friendship between Mark Hanna and the
President, which has probably been the
cause of more picture drawing, caricatur
ing, paragraphing and speculation than
any other friendship that ever existed. It
Is usually supposed that It began as a
political association, but the reverse is
the case.
"Like others, I was curious to know,"
said Mr. Spear, "how the Intimacy sprang
up, and conversing at one time with Mr.
Hanna, I asked him the question.
"don't drink."
Apparently the principal reason why
there is such an absence In maeazlne and
other current literature of stories of his
early life and boyhood is that he became
early burdened with the responsibilities
of a man. Teaching school at 15, enlisting
shortly after in the army, lie sprang as
with one leap from childhood to manhood,"
from the nursery to the pages of history.
He inherited his father's love of reading
and as a student at Poland was always
' to be found the last one at night to re
tire, and between him and another stu
dent who lived across the street there was
always a rivalry as to who should be the
first to show a light in the morning, for it
was their custom to study at that peace
ful hour, when the mind, refreshed by
sleep and just returned from the dream
voyages, is .capable of comprehensions
and conceptions of which no understand
ing could be had at any other time of the
day. .
During the vacations he was busier fnan
ever, for then he acted as clerk in the
local postoffice and assisted in organizing
the debates on serious questions which
were the delight of the preceding genera
tion.
Those debates probably did more t
moid the young men of the time than nil
of the college education of to-day Is do
ing, fen- they cast the student entirely
upon his own resources, and. what was
best, they put him immediately In the
field of Draclic&l comoetition.
1 San Francisco has' been the home of scv-,
eral members of his family. Two broth
ers. David A. and Janies McKinley, came
here in early days, together with his un
cle, Benjamin F. McKinley, who is now
Asslsiant Postmaster of San Francisco.
The brothers, Janies and David, are botli
dsad, David leaving surviving a daugh
ter, now Mrs. George E. Morse.
Uncle Benjamin McKinley is a familiar
figure on the streets to old San Fran
ciscans, who are always 'pleased to trace
In his keen, merry gray eyes and strong
featurej the characteristic McKinley type
of face which Is so accentuated in the
President. ' - ' .' .,
To the great mass of the young genera
tion he Is incognito, and nothing pleases
i;lm mere than to pass unnoticed on the
Etreet by people who would twist their
neck3 if they knew who wu who.
Another San Franciscan who, wlill* not
a relative, Is an esteemed visitor to the
McKinley. household, either at Canton or
the White House, Is Joseph S. Speir Jr.,
Surveyor of Customs.
From him have been obtained many of
the following stories which he has heard
In the home of the President, from old
friends of his boyhood days, whose talk
would naturally turn upon the host at
any time when he was not Immediately
present. >.
THE transpiration of a great man.
The time when he escapes from se
crecy to notice. The time when the
chicken leaves the shell: when the
traveler on life's road leaves the
broad, well-beaten boulevard which leads
to failure and starts out on the lonesome
trail of difficulties which leads to success.
That Is the interesting point In the life
of any one.
For a man who has been so much in the
public eye. ¦whose name has become al
most a synonym In our English language
for the phrase, "Protection of American
industries." William McKInley Is a singu
larly unknown person as regards his early
life.
Every ax that Lincoln used for hewing,
every plank he hewed, has been written
up and pictured. Not a child in America
but knows that the flrst path in life which
led Garfield toward prominence was the
towpath of a canal. It is the small things
about great people that serve to connect
them with humanity and to make hu
manity understand and love them.
From the scarcity of anecdotes relating
to the youth of our President one thing is
certain, that he must have led a compara
tively placid early life. He never ran
away from home or chopped down cherry
trees.
He was, by report of all of those who
knew him in his youth, a studious, digni
fied boy of the kind that any one would
expect to see grow up and make a Presi
dent.
The old saying that the good die young
has perhaps come from the fact that
many of them are good simply from inani
tion, lack~of vitality and physical inabil
ity to do wrong. They are good in a nega
tive way in that they do nothing.
Our statesman warrior, when a boy,
was good for none of these reasons. He
had plenty of will and vim and capacity
for a deal of right or wrong either. He
devoted himself seriously and broadly to
1 the good. Not in a narrow, and bigoted
•way either. He did not drink, yet he was
no Ironclad teetotaler, and would take a
drink if he wished to, but preferred a
one of General Hayes* regiment* was
. through an oversight left posted like Cas
ablanca, McKInley, then an . aid. rode
through the enemy's zone of fire, hidden
at times by th© smoke of a shell. Pell
-mell be went to give the order without
which the fearless regiment would not re
' treat.
At another time In this same battle h*^
was sent to order a regiment to take a,
new position. It was a post of apparent
danger and the road which led to It was.
worse than the position Itself. The officer*
in command refused to move unless he
had specific orders from the commanding
general as to which road he was to take.
There was no time to be lost. If tha
position was to be occupied It must b«
done at once.
McKInley took upon himself the rlak of
ordering by which route the detachment
should proceed.
The position was taken np accordingly
and a successful termination came about.
The general afterward, said to him: "As
: It was a success you did rightly. If It had
been a failure !'*' ~
Later on in the day he met Sheridan on
his rhyme-famed ride, and Sheridan him
self refers to the name of McKInley In his
memoirs.
Through the long, weary war he served,
always winning: friends, and becoming 1 *o
enamored of the soldier's life that h» de
• sired to follow It. Again, though, he had
the good sense to follow his family's
counsels and returned to his law studies,
entering the office of Judge Charles E.
Glidden at Poland.
This gentleman "was a master of his pro
fession and an orator of ability as well.,
and It Is said by those who have heard
both men that much of the beautifully
sympathetic modulation of McKlnley's
voice was acquired while listening to
Judge Glldden's consolatory addresses
upon the return of the bullet-torn wax- j
rlors and battle-thinned regiments. f
In 'the spring: of 1S6T the young lawyer fl
was admitted to practice at Canton, andp
bade adieu to his old friends at Poland to
go to the former place, then containing a .
population of five or six thousand, to 'open I
his law office.
Here was associated with him his j
younger brother, . Abner McKInley. and
there is still a sign up,on the door of a law
office in the McKInley block In Canton /
which reads: j
•v. "W. and A. McKInley, Law Office." /
Eefore he had been two years In Canton .
he had been offered and had accepted the I
Republican nomination for Prosecuting £
Attorney.
The county being hopelessly Democratic.
, this was held but lightly as an honor, but
young McKinley took to the stump 'with i
a fury of logic and oratory that won him S
the position by a handsome majority. •' £
By 1S76 he had won the first place In his E
profession In the town.
In 1871 he was married to the -wife who
las ever since been his constant encour- 5
iger. ' ; J
There must have at all times been a se- .*
cret romantic admiration In his heart for i
California, for when he was first engaged
he sent to his sister-in-law, Mrs. David *
McKinley, then living In San Francisco,
.and had her buy a wedding ring of Call- j
fornia gold with which to seal his be- v
trothal— a small ring, a ruby set round
with diamonds.
Apropos of this, another story Illustrat
ing his brother David's admiration.
. Shortly after the engagement ring pur
chase and before "William's marriage
there was born to David a cu,te little roly
poly native daughter. David, brimful of
the love and devotion to his brother, per-P
. hops with a prophetic eye to that broth-^
er"s greatness, insisted upon naming the /
little daughter Ida : McKInley, Ida being
the flrst name of the future President's
betrothed. t /
To this day the President has not for-V
prtten the compliment, and a visit to A
which he will look forward with pleasure V
is that to his niece, now Mrs. Ida Me- j
Kinley Morse, and her witching six-year- •
old daughter, Marjorie McKInley Morse, y
In their home that fronts the park. 7
The history of the statesman after he I
became such is a part of the history of the *
country. It 13 easy to follow the path
when once it has been found, but the find-
Ins: it. ; Oh,' that seeking for the royal road
that leads to fame! I
See where McKInley found It. ' ¦¦ ¦. ~] '
Do you see? '
Right i In . his own .home, among his *
brothers and sisters, he began his upward
course; got his footing. By kindness, by
.diligence, by filial respect. '
Among his . schoolmates, by earnest
"work In his studies, by vanquishing them
in good-natured debate.
¦ Among his war mates on tha field of
battle, when as a boy officer he risked his
life that they might drink hot coffee.
Among the other lawyers at the bar and
among clients . and opponents when he
fought opponents so fiercely as to win,
cases for his clients, yet handled oppo
nents so gently withal that he won them,
too. as he did Hanna.
• Those faraway little things; way back
In the unheard of village of Poland, wher
ever In Ohio it may be; those small gen- "
tlenesses and strong efforts to do well In
small things. The gentle stroklngs of an
old mother's head; the kindly offered cup
to • the choking soldier. '.Those were the
steps that took William McKInley out , of
the broad boulevard which 99 per cent of
us. are traveling toward the great eternal
failure, and* put him on the lonesome
.trail that led to success.
THE SUNDAT CALL;
4ner marked characteristic, and it has in
creased with ', the years. Her two- little
girls, who- lived barely through, their,
babyhood, made this love of little people
stronger, in her heart. In her Canton home
she had as many small callers as large
ones, and she was "Aunt Ida" or "Auntie
Tinney" or "Auntie Kinney" to them all.
The many have had to take the place of
the two. . ' ¦ . .
"Mr. 1 McKinley cannot .walk across the
room without' looking at his wife ; will
not leave the room without " speaking to
her;' never leaves the house without say-
Ing good by.- It la like. the love between
when the face of the prettiest girl In the
whqle town appeared at the cashier's
window. Young men found It convenient
to draw out their money in extremely
small checks. This necessitated frequent
visits to the bank. ,
Through all the flutter that her pres
ence caused In the place of business Miss
Saxton preserved a businesslike ' calm.
She worked diligently and learned the
business thoroughly. She was accurate,
quick and reliable, and she has the equip
ment to take her place to-day In the busi
ness world and hold her own with men.
Through it all. she clung to the eternal
feminine. She has been said to have all
the virtues and none of the faults of the
"new woman." She considers this one of
her greatest compliments.
When the young lawyer, William Mc-
Repository and Republican on the morn
ing of January 27, 1871: .
"The audience-room of the ; new ; stone
Presbyterian church being nearly finished,
the lady members resolved, to have it
ready for the wedding of Major McKinley
and Miss Ida Saxton. . .
¦ "Promptly at the hour— yea, iong before
the 7:30 p. m. ¦ named upon the Invitations
—the house was filled with the expectant
multitude. The. scene at the church was
novel and Interesting. Here were a thou
sand people— all the building will hold
all on tiptoe of expectation to see. Pro
fessor Fister came in ', and entertained
them by ¦ music . upon the . organ. ¦•_¦ Some
minutes after he commenced to play there
was a sensation*. • Everybody's face was
turned toward ¦ the door. - Many stiff
necked old and young sinners 'nearly
Mrs. James A. Saxton. usners'ana
bridesmaids followed. As . to the dresses
worn by the ladies, we shall be compelled,:
owing to our meager. training In Jenkins' ;
technicalities, to be entirely silent, except
to say • that they were faultless In' taste
and exceedingly rich and beautiful. ; '.'.;'¦
"Arrived at the area in front of the pul
pit, the parties disposed of .themselves
gracefully . and with perfect ' facility, " the
bride and. bridegroom- in' the center 'of ' a"
half % circle, the 'former f supported by . the
maids and the: latter by his friends. .The
Rev. E. 'Buckingham and- the Kev. )_ Dr.
Endsley married thV ! couple, using the
Ehe has always assisted her husband In
politics. She has been a wise counselor,
a sympathizer, and has heartily enjoyed
all the honors he has won. ' Her presence
has more than once served as an inspira
tion to him. When his first political pre
ferment came it was she who UTged him to
accept. He has at times doubted his abil
ity; sne has never done so. She believed
Implicitly in him and was confident that
his service would be for the good of th«
state. • She knows th« value that her pres
ence and its encouragement ar« to. him,
and she has traveled thousands of miles
to give them to ' him. All but , flva years
of their married life have been passed by
him in public service. In spite" of? her
pride in this it has meant a great. sacrifice
to her.
'"There is the true field which- a wom
an accomplishes more than by any
amount of individual effort. It is the
role In which all of the successful women
of the world have shone.
"And brightest of them all is she who is
soon to be among us."
two children," said a. member of the fam
ily In speaking of them.
It must take a .wonderful personality In
a woman to hold the affection of a man
* with as great ; affairs on his hands as a
. statesman" has. ->
Hers at the present tlma la thus do-
scribed by a recent visitor:
"Mrs. McKinley is a tall, well rounded, ,
strong-faced, clear-eyed woman. She
looks vital. Of about medium height, with ,
a full, straight figure. The face has
strong cheekbones, a, wide brow not very
high, from which her. soft hair divides, In.
broad . parting waves back to the collar,
.reminding one of Elizabeth Stuart Phelpa.
"Her eyes are her telling point. They are
magnetic. In. them one sees the heritaga
of suffering, the discipline of common
sense, the tenderness of a wife who loves
wisely and well.
"She possesses cool-headed judiciousness
regarding the world, but. this knowledge
does not tend to harden her face.
"Between the level, black eyebrows that
divjde the two color lines of gray eyes and
hair there is- not a wrinkle or frown.
Nothing but disposition has done this
thing.
"She is temperamentally incline 3 not to
: worry, and the slam Is there on the
smooth, white forehead.
"Mrs. McKinley lives where the Presi
dent brought her home as a bride — that is,
barring the residence at the 'White House,
which can never be considered more than
perfunctory. For twenty-five years the
house on North Market street, In Can
ton, has remained unaltered, and the
President and his wife dearly love every
picture on its walls and every rose that
climbs the terrace. .
"Mrs. McKinley is the most popular
woman there to-day. No honors of state
or nation's capital have spoiled her. She
is just as gracious to some old beaux
whose lives have come to nothing as she
is to an Illustrious executive. - .1
"She is an excellent hostess who
was either born with or has acquired the .
• gift of listening and bringing her guests '
out, and you know that if one proves you
to be clever you are convinced of the
cleverness of the one who does so. So
people go away from her with a snug,
. comfortable conviction about the region
of the heart that they have proved them
selves most entertaining persons. It la
a wonderful gift, but no one would laugh'
more at a suggestion of her possession o* i
It than would Mrs. McKinley. 'But, I am
really so Interested,' she would say.
"She does a deal of newspaper reading |
and takes profound Interest In all that
Is printed In regard to her husband. Her |
personality has lost little of Its charm
for she has one advantage that time ¦
never destroys— a remarkably well-shaped :
head; small and admirably proportioned;)
in short, fine enough for a medallion— a" |
milliner would say a good bonnet head.
It may be said in passing that Mrs. Me- '
Kinley always wears pretty bonnets, ',
which ¦ her husband takes Interest In ,
choosing. ' /
"B«yond this she cares little for di^ess,
her toilets being marked by simplicity,
and love of color. She is a connoisseur
In lace, of which she has an exquisitei
md rare collection, the nucleus of which
was formed when as a young girl sha
traveled some time abroad.
"A sensitive, nervous, highstrung wom
an, Mrs. McKinley has the extraordinary
power of endurance that goes with her
temperament. Although unable J:o be
present at public meetings and " festivi
ties of any. sort, she travels north, east,
south and. west, thousands and thousands
of miles, in order to be with her hus-t
band; at all times cheerful; ready to be^
amused; quick to appreciate the kindness
and consideration-' her presence com
mands.
/'There can be no winter In the disposi
tion that, for so many years has warmed *
the love of a man's heart and kept ' It
from growing cold, though the quarter '
century mark of their married life was
passed many years ago. •'
"It is her constant approbatlveness, that (
: rarest of all ; traits in women, the one
which men most. seek and need to sus
tain them. Of censure and condemna
tion, prophecy of failure, the world will ;
give them their share. But to know, that
there . Is one place where they are sure
to find encouragement is to know that
there is an impregnable castle which de- .
. spair can never take. . '
These were the soundest of modern
doctrines, but they were a bit in advance
of their times in '70, and they caused
something of a commotion in a small
town. Still more commotion was- caused
poor some day. Nobody ever knows what
is going to happen. I want her to be
able to support herself if trouble ever
comes her way. Above all, I don't want
her to have to marry solely to be sup
ported, as I have seen plenty of girls do.
I want her to marry because and whom
she .wants to." '
Inquired. That was soon found to be not
the case. Mr. Saxton himself explained
the matter.
"I have seen enough girls left stranded
by sudden losses of means," he said,
"and I don't intend that this shall ever
happen to my daughter. She can be tak
en care of at home now, but I may be
Kinley, returned from his law studies he
found her still turning away discouraged
suitors. He made up his mind then to do
what he has made a habit of all his ilfe—
to go in and win. He accomplished. his
purpose,. and this elaborate and formal
article '• appeared *in the Canton Weekly
broke their necks at it. , At length they
came, first up the left aisle 'Jamies -A.
Saxton leading the bride' his daughter.
They- were followed by Miss Mary Sax
ton, a bridesmaid, escorted by Abner
McKinley. Upon the right aisle Major
McKinley approached the pulpit, leading.
plain" and yet impressive ceremony usual
. ly employed by ministers. of the Presby
terian and : Methodist churches. At the
conclusion of the ceremony the crowd
waited respectfully until the newly mado
'husband and wife and their companions
" had passed out. ¦ Then tongues were loosed
•end the dumb spake and gossips became
and all. agreed that nothing
could have been . more gracefully per
formed than the first act in the life drama
upon which the gallant major and his
young and beautiful wife have just en
tered. „
.. "After the marriage ceremony the per
sonal friends of the families partook of
refreshments, which had been laid at the.
residence of Mr. Saxton. Major and Mrs.
McKinley took the 10 o'clock train for, the
"East and will make a bridal tour of the
Eastern cities,^ not being expected to.re
turnfor three or four weeks."
That was the first honeymoon, but not
the last. There have \ been journeys
through all the long years of their mar
ried life , that . were as much enjoyed as
the first, and the present journey has
some of the honeymoon element even In
the midst of Its many outside demands.
Mrs. McKinley has never been really well
enough to keep up with the urgent life of
a greatly ambitious , man, but she has
dcine it at the cost of her own strength.
Before McKlnley's first election she had
a two weeks' taste of the responsibilities
of the lady of the White House. Mrs.
Hayes; her personal friend, was obliged
to be absent from her post and she begged
Mrs. McKinley to take her place. "It was
no easy matter," she. said afterward, and
when she entered upon the task for four
years it was with no little doubt of her
ability to compete It. But her health has
improved on the whole, and, sick or well,".
' her personality has been one of such grip
that she has been first lady' in the/ land*
Her love for children has always been
MRS. WILLIAM MC'KINLEY
WIFE OF THE PRESIDENT.
IT was In the latter part of the sixties
that the Canton people living along
Market street used to watch the light
of a very high cigar tracing its late
way from the Saxton house— the bis
house on the corner of Ninth street. As
the weeks wore on, this cigar light ac
quired a habit of retracing its way to
ward the Saxton house, and it sometimes
did this more than once.
Gossip spread it abroad that it was the
i cigar of young Major McKinley. Gossip
likewise added that he was courting Miss
Ida up at the big house and that he -went
back every evening for another good
night and sometimes for more than one.
The major was very much in love, people
reported. Itf'x
He has never been known to deny the
fact, from that day to this. If you ask
him about it, he will ask you why he
shouldn't be in love with her? Note, not
why he should not have been, but why he
should not be. He is quite as seriously in
love to-day as he was in the sixties and
he is auite as fond as over of recalling
with her the days when they first became
acquainted up at Meyers Lake.
It seems that this was a small lake
I about two miles' from Canton— the favorite
resort thereabouts for picnic parties and
boating. After the Civil War McKinley
returned to his Canton home with the
title of major, and he was lionized in a
way that would have turned the head of
a lesser lion. He was the hero of the
hour, and countless parties were made up
in which he played the leading man's
part-
Day after day there were excursions to
Meyers Lake. The most popular young
lady of Canton and of all these parties
was Miss Ida Saxton, the oldest daughter
of the banker.
The major's first impression of Miss
Saxton was gained at a chicken and waffle
supper, for which the old hotel at the
lake was famous throughout several coun
1 ties. He was particularly delighted with
! the fact that she ate chicken and waffles
as if^he had a healthy appetite, instead
of affecting the live-on -air style that was
the raging fad with young ladies at that
particular period. From that moment on
his admiration grew and she on her part
held a marked admiration for the brave
j and handsome young major.
) They used to row together on the little
lake. They were head and front of .all
) the merry-making that the young people
were carrying on, and they found time for
. tete-a-tetes as well. Then, in the midst of
' all this, came the dreaded time— the time
when the young major's duty called and
he was obliged to leave his Canton home
for the long and tiresome law study in
Albany. . . ..
i It was not until 1S57 that he returned to
| Canton. In the meantime Miss Saxton
had been as busy as he. ., .... ,
It would never have been a possible
thing for her to be idle. Even of late
years, while invalidism has been hers to
endure, she has been busy. When she
could not leave her chair, her fingers were
flying with the crochet needle that wove
the thousands of baby shoes that have
gone to smaller invalids all over the coun
try-
As a girl she was busy, whether at
work or at play. In the first place she
went to boarding-school at Miss San
ford's, In Cleveland, and later on at Miss
Eastman's, in Media, Pa. In both of
these schools she left the stamp of her
personality. That is what she does every
where. She led the other girls in their
enterprises, sometimes mischievous ones.
, and her quickness kept her at the head
| of her classes, while she spent less time
in study than any of the others. One
thing is always recorded of her by all
those who knew her; she never said un
kind things of any one. She seems to
have been too big to bother with any
petty acts.
Miss Eastman, the principal of the
school, lived for long years after that
time; long enough to tell many a story
of her favorite pupil. She said that Ida
Saxton was the one girl in her school
who ever caused her to break her rule
against favoritism. She believed that It
was unfair on a teachers- part and she
fought persistently against it, but Ida
Saxton was too much for her. "¦ She
couldn't help loving her better than sh«
loved any of the others, and in her feai
of showing this she was more severe with
her than any other.
Probably Ida saw through this feigned
severity. At any rate, she responded
most heartily to her teacher's affection,
and afterward, when she became the dis
tinguished Mrs. McKinley and with her
distinguished husband visited now and
then in Philadelphia, ehe always sent a
letter out to Brooke Hall, as the school
•was called, inviting: Miss Eastman to
dine with them.
Mr. Saxton was a wealthy man and a
devoted father, and he lavished upon his
daughter every pleasure and accomplish
ment that was to be had. After her ex
cellent education in this country she went
abroad and made a long and extended
tour over Europe with her sisteri She
did not return until 1869.
Then, after all these, years of fashion
able education, she did a most unexpect
ed and unconventional thing. She turned
bank cashier. Canton found cause for
gossip in that fact, but Miss Saxton's
serene bearing and her popularity were
of a nature to wither gossip. Were the
;famlly funds giving out? gossip- at first
V THE SUNDAY CALL^
5THE SUNDAY CALL;
MARJORIE MORSE
FAVORITE NIECE OF THE PRESIDENT.
for Uncle William Is soon, to be here and
she must be able to "hugf him .hard."
Whether she is using dumbbells and chest
weights to put her hugging muscles in
good form I don't know, but I am per
fectly sure that the harder she hugs the
better Uncle William will be pleased.
"I am going to Monterey to meet him,"
she said. . %
"And will you know him when you see
"And will he know you?"
down^to the knee-length of the airy-fairy
white gown in which she flits about a
Los Gatos veranda.
Marjprie McKinley Morse, the six-year
old, is probably as well acquainted. with
President William McKinley as is any
body In San Francisco. As his own grand
niece she has had the privilege of visiting
in the White House for months at a* time
and of seeing the busy man off duty.-
She climbed Into the buggy beside me to
tell me about It. The horse was a stranger
cloaked, rollicking charioteer than can
anybody else.-"; Probably he Is .not the
first McKInley ( to surrender to her. -:?>-;
"See him go!" she cried.
"And if he dumps us out and leaves us
by the roadside?"
She only laughed some more. There
isn't anything in the wide world that she
is afraid \ of. Even elections can't ' upset
her nerves, while all other nerves in sight
are on the dizzy edge. v It was with the
cheerfulness of perfect' confidence that
*- , A Aanvoccaii vntflu laaf /all "fYf rntirtaA
went . fast! -They went faster than. Mc-
Kinley. Get up. McKinleyl'V; :,
Junior Hobart was the Beau Brummel
of the younger set in Washington when
he was at the Shetland pony stage," and
it is said that he and Marjorie, then three
years old, were the social sensation in
that same set when -they drove abroad.
Junior,' , with his coachman . beside him,
would drive to the White House, go in
for Marjorie and assist her into the ve
hicle like a Chesterfield. He, the glass of
fnahJnn a-ni\ thn mold of form it.lim.vti /olf
MA B JOB IE McKINLEY
MORSE, a six-year-old San
Franciscan, has held the
honor of being called the Baby of
the White House.
This is an honor seldom permitted
one baby to hold alone. During' the
Presidency of Harrison his grand
children, the little McKees, divided
" the honors between them. Rutli Cleve
> ]and had things all her own way for
a while — but it was a very short
. -while. In popped Baby Esther, and
then the honors had to be shared.
And so it has nearly always been.
Presidents seem, to have big families.
But during the time that Miss
Marjorie Morse was there, enthroned
in the heart of "Uncle "William," ska
was sole ruler. She is his grandniece,
by right of being the daughter of Ida
McXinley Morse, -who in her turn is
the daughter of David McKinley. He
was "William McKinley's brother,
the oldest son of William McKinley
Sr. This makes Marjorie's great
grandparents identical with the pres
ident's parents, and that is the whole
thing 1 , you know, about being a
granSniece.
There is a very big and a verj
warm, spot in the hearts of both Pres
ident and Mrs. McKinley for all the .
]:ttle people in America— or in the
whole world over, for the matter of
that. And when one of thess little
people happens to be a girl the spct
seems to gxow even warmer and big
ger than before. For the two graves
that sadden their hearts are the
graves of tieir wee daughters.
Ida was the first one to come into
their home and hearts. She came ou
Christmas day in the year 1871 and
it is said by those who saw her that
.she seemed more like a Christmas
angel, come to earth for only a little
while, than like a real child of this
earth, dry-as-dust old place that it is.
Somehow, those who saw her could
never quite believe that she was
| meant to be kept here, frail thing that
, she was. Perhaps it was no surprise
'? even to her parents when she was
? taken from them, but the grief of it
¦was something from which, the
mother never recovered.
.Not long following this death tha
other little daughter passed away.
She was Katie, a more vigorous child,
and one in whom the hopes of all
those who loved her centered. Sha
had almost reached four proud years.
' She was growing stronger and mer
rier every day. She was already mak
' ing her own small place in society,
Laving her little friends who came to
j see her and whose calls she returned
•with the delight in sociability that
came to her a direct heritage from
< both parents. She was full of all
lrvely childish, interests — in her dolls,
in her games, in her pets. Life was
; brightening already for her saddened
1 parents when suddenly came the blow
1 of her death.
Jrom these griefs Mrs. McKinley
has never recovered. The shock of the
second child's death, enfeebled her so
that all of her family's care now cen
tered in her suffering. The major
took her away from the home -where
all this trouble had come upon her
and to the cheery old homestead
¦where she had lived as a girl. But
she has never been able to heal the
great grief of her losses.
All this snows why Marjorie Morse,
that flower-like little lady, has so
firm a place in those two bereaved
hearts. Perhaps as "Aunt Ida" cud
dles her close sometimes she fancies
for the moment that it is one of those
little wanderers that she loved come
back again. Perhaps "TJncle William"
can pick her up and place her in state
. upon his knee and remember with the
{kind of sadness that is partly sweet
> how he , used to enthrone there an
1 other small queen of hearts.
There is room in the McKinleys'
affections for as many children as the
world can hold, but it is no more than
natural that " 'Marjorie should be
ranked among' the first. For. she is
really a niece, and besides — well, she
is Marjorie.
' She was three years old when she
last visited at the White House. There
¦was nobody else but grown people in
the whole great place, and she held
full sway from end to end* Her
moods and caprices, as many as there
are breezes in May, were authority.
Every morning when Mrs. McKin
ley took her drive Harjorie went along
and cluttered to Aunt Ida as fast
and as merrily as the sparrows on
| a. jolly day. Every afternoon, just
after lunch, -when TJncle William took
a half -hour for recreation, she would
climb to his knee and tell him the
most wonderful stories that ever were
told about bears in the woods and
giants in the castles.
The last time that a family party
visited the White Souse Marjorie was
left behind. Because' of a misunder
standing the President and his wife
expected her, and -when, after a long
delay, the party arrived, the two were
still up, contrary to their rule of early
to bed.
''Where's MarjorieP" they clam
ored on the instant.
When it was explained that she
was not of the party their disappoint
ment almost overruled their polite
ness. Of course they were glad to se^
the other people — but they had stayed
up two long hours for Marjorie.
WHEN I came upon Marjorie she
was sojourning in Los Gatos.
This was for the sake of her
health. She informed meVthat
Ebe was trying her best to re
gain strength after a Blight indisposition,
"I guess he will!" m reproachful indig
nation.
"And how about Aunt Ida?"
"Oh, I Just want to see her. I guess I
do. I love Aunt Ida. If, it hadn't been
for driving with her and playing with her
I'd have been so lonesome in the White
House! I wouldn't have had anything to
do but sit around and lick my paws.
'Cept just a little while every day when
Uncle William talked to me and 'cept
when Junior Hobart took me out driving.
Junior Hobart was the Vice President's
son." .
A President is to Marjorie a very mat
ter-of-fact although a much-beloved per
son—he Is merely an uncle. But a Vice
President — she recalls the drives : with
Junior Hobart with considerable of a flut
ter."' When she flutters she does it all
over, from the fluff of tawny-gold curls
beneath a huge beruffled hat, all the way
him, not Knowing his name.
"Let's give him a name— what?" »sa!d I.
"I like him so we'll. name him McKin
ley," said she proudly.
And in the scattering drops of an April
shower he was christened. "~ '
Then she seized the whip, seized the
reins, seized everything in sight, hearts
included, and with a ringing laugh and a
ringing "Get up," she drove, the horse,
poor old Jog-trot of a beast that he was,
till he raced madly down the street
where he had never before gone- at more
than a mild trot. '
"Get up!" she shouted, leaning forward
where she stood to whip him. She drove
with the fury of a Roman charioteer, and
the horse, with the wool '. thoroughly
pulled over his old eyes by, this time,
shouted back a jolly "Neigh" : to' her, and
pranced delightedly. He could no" more
resist; the command of his scarlet-
you are going to vote for McKinley," sne
would say to every man, woman or child
who entered her door, without » regard to
the part that age and sex play : in the
matter, and she said it "with the easy
sureness that is hardest to deny. .
Marjorie's time spent In . "Washington
was very much with grown people, so
Junior Hobart appears to ' have made a
deep impression upon her as being the
only child of .'her Washington circle.
"Junior had two Shetland ponies," she
told me, "and a little cart."
"And- "
¦"And he came and Invited me to g-o
driving with him nearly every day, I
"think, and I did.; Hurry up,~Mckinley!"
\ "Was. Junior ' Hobart -a little 1 boy?"
.-* "No, he". was; a big boy— about 10, years
old, I think.' He .was big enough to drive,
but they always sent a man along with
him to look out for the ponies. My, they
mmseir stiu more so wnen no haa the
young lady of the White -House beside
him, and 'such a young lady. Her rib
bons and laces, her moods and her whims,
were all alike bewildering and bewitching
and Junior counted himself a lucky dog.
"And you should have seen the flowers
he used to 'send her," Minnie said. 7 Minnie
has tied ribbons and dressed' hair for Mar
jorie these five years.
""Weren't they pretty flowers,' Marjorie?"
"U-m-m-m, weren't they!", ,
Marjorie and her maid went into an ec
stasy of . reminiscence over the flowers.
Junior was bidding for '^solidity when he
sent them, for the young lady is fonder
of them than of . anything else, not ex
cepting; a' French doll ;that ! says- "Com
ment-vous portez-vous" and a^, gramo
phone that plays "Where. is My .Wander
ing Boy To-night?"
' "When she tells stories of her Washlng-
ton life, first and foremost «h» reckons
the e«f rolling. It wa» the event of her
career and she will never forget it en
tirely, no matter how far back It may
stow to be.
' "The children roll eggs on the grass and
they exchange with each other." »he ra- -
late*.
On the Easter morning when she was
present at 'the egg rolling 1 she saw It from (
the Inside of the White House. All other <
"Washington children had to content them
selves with the outside point of view. Ac- V
cording to her Ideas, they had the best\
of the bargain, and she vociferously de
manded leave to join them. L
Her Uncle "William had carried her to
the window to watch the sport. There I
below them were dozens and scores and
hundreds of little folks frolicking and run
ning and scrambling In pursuit of the
eggs, and tumbling over each •
other, romping and pushing, and all in a
tumult of laughter and good temper.
Marjorie's curiosity was keen. She ask
ed twenty-five questions to the minute
all about who the children were, and
where they came from, and why they
came, and where they. got their eggs, and
what all those policemen were doing on
the lawn.''
She learned that they were all the chil
dren In the city who were able to walk
or drive to the grounds— poor children and
rich, those who had maids like Minnie t»
look after them and take good care of
them, and those who had nobody to look
after them, but had to play nurse them
selves to smaller brothers and sisters.
' "That's one of the poor little children.
I think," she said, pointing out a small
pickaninny who was rolling herself and
her calico-dyed eggs vigorously on the
grass. And "that's a poor one," and
"that's a rich one." and "see tha poor lit
tle lame girl," and so on until she had in
spected and passed upon every one in
Bight.
"Closer, take me closer to the window,"
She begged.
They tried to hold her back to talk.
They told her old-time stores of the egg
rolling and of the days when it took place J
on the capitol grounds. They pointed outf
the worldly wise youngsters who. were ]J
gambling, and explained how they wereW
"pecking eggs" and winning on tfe hard \
ones. Her attention was held for a few
minutes by the revelation of how some
very dishonest boys used china eggs or
shells filled with plaster of paris and pre
tended that they were like other eggs, and ¦
so won more than they were entitled to. I
But all the time she was wriggling to go,
and finally the President gave In, tossed^
her to his shoulder and stepped out on the J
veranda. . ft
On the Instant there was a shout It£
came from hundreds and 'thousands of
small throats below on the terrace. The ;
President and the baby of the White £
House had appeared and a welcome to
them went up from every youngster in
sight. ;/-.C'- >
Marjorie nodded and smiled and waved
her hand. .But that was .not enough, j
They wanted her, they called for her, they ff
clamored .for. her, and she wanted to go.%
In the 'end it came out as It usually has t
to when Marjorie wants something. She
had her way. . ' - ¦*,'-'
Down she went, such a mite oft dainty (
thing as she was, into the midst of the Y
democracy. The populace on the terrace t
set up another shout as she approached.
For a moment they waited as if for her (
to join them. Then their eagerness broke
loose and with one tremendous lunge they
mobbed her.
It took two policemen to rescue her.
breathless and disheveled, from the crush I
of their loyalty, and even then she didn't
want to ~ come. It was -with a. tear that
tried to wink itself out of sight that she
returned to safety inside the house.
"P'raps I'll be big enough next time to
stay," is how she consoles herself.
Marjorie's attendance at a Cabinet
meeting Is ' part of "White House history-
It happened before the war, when all
America was waiting for the decision f
and when the powers that be were con-V
ferring days and tossing nights with the j
weight of thousands of lives and their
offering-up hanging upon tneir decision.
The Cabinet met one fateful morning
in the dreaded chamber. Marjorie had
been taught what this room was— It was
t~e room where Uncle William went
wnen he had Important business to at
tend to, and no little girl could ever
think of such a thing as crossing Its j
threshold, even for the joy of seeing 1
Uncle "William. "When he was in there i
he didn't have time to talk to little girls j
as <he had In his idle half-hour after!
breakfast.
There Is a likelihood that this was tha
very reason why the little girl wanted to
go. It was the same way with the family
of children whose mother told them not
to swallow any Ink while she was away
It had never occurred to them before, but
they were delighted when she put the
idea into their heads.
So on a very important morning, during 1 1
a very Important meeting. Slarjorie
slipped away somehow, nobody can ever
guess how, and made for the forbidden
and forbidding door.
The President's head was bowed In
•thought. The secretaries were about him.
likewise deep in thought. Should it be
war, or should it not?
Then of a sudden the door swung open
and a dazzling, stream of sunlight fell
upon the gloom of the room. And in the
light stood a radiant little presence, as
white as earthly things seldom We, and
the halo that she. had was a wealth of
shining hair.
She stood, there very still. She had
meant to scamper to Uncle William, but
everybody looked so solemn that she was
afraid to.
It was the President who spoke first.
"Here comes a ray of sunshine to us." he
said. \ n
The sudden presence and the words
came like an Inspiration to the troubled
men. Somebody picked her up and set
her down in the midst of the meeting.
"She may be an omen of good," they all
agreed, and the superstition of the thing
clung to. them all through the anxious
times that followed.
It was Uncle "William himself who car
ried her back to the seeker-^ utside the
chamber. "She 'has done us iJLl good by
her presence," he said as he restored her.
SARAH COMSTOCK. .called to mind, he remarked:
"It is not* our grandfathers -who lay out
the paths of life for us. No American
boy need fear the race, and," as for the
latter, I am In it."
Plarrison in his younger years ; taught
school, canvasstd for books, studied law,
clerked in an office and worked upon a
farm. In fact he was always looking for
some work, some labor that might tend
to advance his station and broaden his in
tellect. No honorable employment was
beneath him and this trait of character
was further emphasized .when we find
him, following his term of office as Presi
dent, studying hard like a country law
yer upon law cases at his home In In
dianapolis.
, Both the martyred Presidents were chil
dren of the forest and farm. The stories
that are told of the early days of Lincoln
and Garfield are worthy , to be handed
down from generation to generation and
century to century for the guidance and
hope of the boys of America. What more
Lincoln was born in a cabin In Kentucky
and spent. all of his early years along the
frontier. He went when young to Illi
nois and began the hewing out, literally
and actually, of that great career into •
which was crowded such' momentous
events. His 1 early days in that
were long in advance of the coming of the
school and his associates were"- the hardy*
President would grant him a pardon.
-One of Garfield's first "Jobs" was the
driving of mules along the tow path of the
Mentor canal in Ohio. He was a rugged
and uncouth boy in those days, but he had
ambition and wanted to go away to school.
His father could not afford to send him,
and James decided to hire out to the own
er of a canal boat. I His pay was small.
there being as many, as 12,000,000 packs
sold throughout the country last year,"
remarked a large manufacturer the other
day. "These cards were made in some
thirty-five factories, fourteen of which are
located in New York. The latter city is
the second, if not the greatest, card cen
ter in the world. The rivalry between it
and London is very close. London pro
duces about 4,000,000 packs and New York
"The number of playing cards used in
the United States Is something wonderful.
quaint yet grand and tragic pictures has
the'.world than those of the young "rail
splitter," who got his education at night,
reading by the light of pine knots, and of
the barefooted canal boy of Mentor driv
ing- the tired mules along the "Ohio mud
embankment, of their, elevation to the
highest position in the gift of a great peo
ple, and of their being stricken down
while bravely doing their duty to their
country?,.
ing to their death when, as he (expressed
it, "they might be spared for the peaceful
glory of * the . country." Invariably,
when In the grim, ways of war a soldier
was to be !¦ shot and the sentence needed
the approval of the President, Mr. Lin
coin's great heart would dictate another
telegram to tr-* commanding' general in
the field asking If there were not some ex
tenuating circumstances. If the sentenced
soldier was young almost always the
nies.- Later, fighting the Seminoles # in
Georgia, he followed a large band of them
across the frontier into Florida and seized
that country, then a Spanish possession
for the .government of the colonies.
Jackson was 6 years of age when an
other boy was born, far out on. what was
In those days the extreme western fron
tier of civilization, v.ho was also destined
to find his way In the course of time to
the white House. This boy was William
humble and life did not seem at all
roseate to the ambitious young man when
the great civil war broke out. He at once
determined to go to the front, and in the
succeeding four years went through all
the grades from that of. a drill sergeant
to a major general of volunteers.
In early, life young ' Harrison declared
that he would some day be President. Of
course he had the example of his grand
father before him, but when this was
; President McKinley, together with his
many other titles, might appropriately be
termed the "traveling President," for he
ha3 covered more miles of territory dur
ing his term of office than any of his
predecessors.
It Is Interesting 1 to note that no other
ruler in the world to-day could take a
journey of equal length within his own
dominions to that upon which Mr. Mc-
Kinley is embarked. This, of course, re
fers to a continuous trip by rail. The!
Czar of Russia might start out from St.
Petersburg for Vladivostok over the
trans-Siberian Railway, a distance of 7650
miles, but he would be compelled to tra-
much' the same to-day as it was in the
PRESIDENT MC'KINLEY AS A TRAVELER
beginning of the last century. Those mads
in this country show slight Improvements
from year to year. American -manufac-
verse the same road on the return to his
capital. The present journey of the Presi
dent contemplates the going over of
nearly 9000 miles of track in the same
train, a feat unprecedented.
Of McKinley's immediate predecessor
Mr. Harrison was the greatest ' traveler,
although nearly all: the long Journeys he
made were during the time. of his candi
dacy, and not after he had attained his
goal.
President Cleveland was busy declining
invitations to visit various sections of the
country, because '¦ traveling was exceed
ingly irksome toTilm. During his term of
office ho never traveled "in state,',' so to
speak, and his longest trips were to St.
Augustine, Fla., and to the Adirondack
Mountains, in New York! where his favor-"
ite hunting and' fishing grounds were lo
cated. . .:.'¦'
On these latter trips Mr. Cleveland
usually went "incog."— that is, the people •
along- the route never knew in advance
that he was coming. Even at . Baltimore, .•
where ' all , chief executives are supposedly :
well known to the average citizen,'" Mr. '
Cleveland's hunting attire and - careless ;.
fashion served as •' a good mask to his
identity. As a candidate Mr.' Cleveland
made quite an extended tour of the South
and Middle IWesti •; ' .
Grant was, as every one knows, a great
traveler, if going around the world would
justify such an appellation. During his
term of office, however, he was on the
road but little.
Of the earlier Presidents none of them
were great travelers, even as the term vras
understood' In their time. ' It is stated that
Washington never went the entire length
of the thirteen Colonies during his two
terms of office. It is well to remember in
this connection, though, that the Father
of . his | Country, ' great and glorious and
truthful as, he was, could not, either by
authority of the .Great Jehovah' or the
Continental Congress, invoke a vestibuled
train. •
turers were the first to introduce the
rounded corner? and the squeezer, and
also the elaborately designed card backs
and the elastic satin glaze which makes
new cards so handsome and Increases
their durability. - -
"The American market is a curious one.
Very few people care to buy the cheapest
kind of cards. It is the 25 and 50 cent qual
ities which sell the best. There is a lim
ited but constant demand for very hand
some cards, especially when they are In
tended as 'a present or a holiday gift.
There is a heavy tax or tariff on cards in
every European country,* which prevents
our invading their markets."
t frontiersmen who cut the forests and
tilled the soil and wore the homespun and
the buckskin. During his lifetime Lincoln
never lost interest in the struggling young
man, especially he whom fortune had not
favored in his youth. In • the great civil
war he often expressed his sorrow that
so many sturdy sons of the soil were go-
but, as may b« Imagined, his expenses
were light, and he kept them, down by de
clining to wear shoes— very luxurious and
expensive articles in those days in Ohio*
In after years, when Garfield was in Con
gress, he would laughingly say to fellow
members of the House that bis place was
at the head of the Committee on Rivers
about 3,850,000 packs annually. The cards
made in the United States, especially in
New York, are the handsomest, tha most
durable and convenient, known to the
trade. The European makers are satisfied
with old styles and methods. * .
"The average pack of cards in London,
Paris, Madrid, Vienna and Berlin is very
INTERIOR OF A MODERN LOG CABIN OWNED BY COLONEL JOHN P. IRISH.
Henry Harrison, the hero of Tippccanoe
and the grandfather of another President,
Benjamin Harriso.n. William Henry was
the fighting kind of a lad, too, and when
he was given command of some troops to
chase the Indians, he knew how to do the
work and do it well. Used to the priva
tions of the backwoods settlements Har
rison had also studied carefully the ways
of the wily Indian and knew his fighting
tactics. At Tippecanoe, July £7, 1811,: he
severely defeated a great army of the
savages and ended their depredations in
that section of the country. At this bat
tle Harrison fought like one of the men
and two bullets passed through the rim
of his hat.
The second President Harrison found
also the inspiration of his boyhood and
early manhood among primitive surround
ings. Nor did he ever outgrown. the love
of the forests, of hunting and of fishing.
Like McKinley, he was born in Ohio, and
Just ten years earlier '•than the present
chief executive. His surroundings were
Thinking constantly perhaps of his own
early struggles, the President has ever
felt a keen interest in the welfare of boys
and young men. He is always pleased to
, meet them, whether at the White House,
' in his Canton home or upon his journey
f ings throughout the country. "It is the
young man wno is the pillar of our na
tion," lie has often said, "whether he be
born in the backwoods surrounded by the
uncouth, the rough or lowly, or whether
in the lap of luxury and art; it is the
young man of to-day, of sturdy American
character and mold, to whom the country
must look for the stability and character
' of to-morrow."
Just as the youth of the country to-day
* has before the eyes of his ambition the
splendid example in the person and char
| acter of the President to nerve him on to
harder knocks and greater attainments,
L so had William McKinley spread out be
fore him the story of great men who at
tained their highest ideal from the most
humble surroundings.
| It is said that in the President's youth
he was a great admirer of that sturdy old
American of early days, Andrew Jackson.
Perhaps, indeed, he saw in "Old Hickory"
a likeness of himself, and perhaps, too, he
early formed an ambition to attain, like
his hero, the most lofty post in the gift of
the people.
Strictly speaking-, Andrew JacKson was
the first of the frontier Presidents— the
first boy to make his way from the log
cabin of the forests to the executive man
sion of the nation. When the eld Liberty
bell in Philadelphia first rung out in dec
laration of independence Jackson was but
9 years of age. His mother died in the
midst of the revolution and little "Andy"
— though not small by any means for his
age — received many a hard knock at the
hards of distant relatives and guardians
before he was 15. This treatment didn't
| do him a bit of harm, as he afterward
said, but rather prepared him for ; the
harder knocks which were in store for
him. He was more of a thinker than a
"book scholar," and his lack of the "book
larnin' " caused him many embarrass
' ments In later life. His spelling 1 was
something to be wondered at and it caused
more than one tilt between "Old Hick
ory," after he became President, and his
' private secretary.
| Private secretaries were not In those
i days what they are now — expert steno
graphers, etc., etc., with many as
sistants. But rather were they more in
the nature of clerks or messenger boys.
The President would write most of the
letters and the private secretary would
read them over, punctuate wherever nec
essary, seal them and mail: One day,
when "Old Hickory" was in a particular
ly angry mood, he rushed to his desk
and as hurriedly as was possible with
him scribbled off a letter to a political
opponent who was the cause of his an
ger. Giving the letter to his secretary he
began to pace the floor of the office. The
writing was fearful; the spelling worse.
The secretary, not wishing to see such a
letter leave the White House, spoke to
Jackson about Its defects, without refer
ring to the spelling, a tender point with
the President. But the latter wanted the
letter to go just as it was written. Fin
ally, as a last hope, the secretary said:
"The writing is not only bad and illegi
ble, Mr. President, but the spelling is of
the worst."
"I don't care," replied Jackson, glaring
furiously— "that fellow will understand
what I mean!"
Jackson won lasting fame at New Or
leans—"the battle of the cotton bales"—
where with a small body of riflemen,
armed with the old. flint lock, he slew 7000
of the British enemy, and almost annihl
! lated the last foreign army in the colo-
In him the vouth of CaKCorn'n will see
the real, llvicjc example of what :s pos
sible in this land of ours. The head of
the greatest na.ion on earth. William Mc-
Kir.loy looks back to the day when his
home was but a little farmhouse, his
raients struggling hard in adversity, his
labors many and exacting and his school
opportunities none too brilliant. But there
was manhood in his heart ar.d bravery in
his soui. He was determined to win. and
the wcrld, indeed, knows how well that
determination has been sustained.
To-day the entire nation is paying en
thusiastic tribute to one of those boys
whose life story forms such an important
chapter in the history of the men who
fcave literally hewed their way' from the
humble cabin of the backwoods to the
forefront of the world's action. All the
West is feverish with patriotic glow over
the visit of the chief executive, :y.d San
Francisco has arrayed herself in proudest
colors to weicDme William McKinley, the
last of the sturdy boys who has reached
t'nc pinnacle of fame in his cv.-ri land.
history of the nation and may be
grouped together under the simple but
significant title of "From the Log Cabin
to the White House." It is a title that
would have no meaning to the ambitious
youth of other nations, but to the Amer
ican lad it tells in a sentence of the rise
to highest emirence in his own land of
the boy who was born 'mid lowly sur
roundings and forced almost from the day
of his birth to battle alone and unaided
in the struggle of life.
£"T*fHE story of keenest Interest to every
I American boy is not found within
1 the conSnes of two simple covers,
X but its chapters are picked from the
Our guest is probably the last President
whose life will span the space between
the leg cabin and the White House; the
last whose hand sained on the plow han
dle and ax handle the firmness and mas
tery to guide our wonderful ship of
state.
great part in the service cf the nation
and of the world is immeasurable.
No other history than ours tells the
story of as remarkable a galaxy of men.
The debt the country owes to the condi
tions under which they trained for their
and Harbors, as he himself had mads a
study of waterways, including canals,
from early youth.
Polk and Johnson were also products of
the log cabin.' The former was born at
Mecklenburg, N.C., where the local peo
pie first defied Great Britain in the Meck
lenburg Declaration, a wordy but rather
harmless document. He emigrated to
Tennessee and shared with Jackson all the^
privations of the pioneer. Andrew John
son was also born in North Carolina. His
parents were very poor and before he was!)
13 years of age he had shouldered his ax
and began earning his livelihood In the I
forests of Tennessee. ¦ Even the rudiments
of education were denied him until long
after he had attained his majority.
Virginia may by courtesy retain the title
of the. "Mother of Presidents," but Ohio
is surely the "home of log cabin boys'"
who have. made name and fame in their
native land and leveled road3 for them
selves through the bush and swamp of
life to the clearing in which the White-
House is located. Besides thosa already
mentioned who came from that great
State there are Grant and Hayes, both
soldiers, statesmen and Presidents. Gen
eral Grant was reared on an Ohio farm,
and foorn into a family the lot of whosa ,
members was abiding toil. His birth was
during the administration of Monroe, and
his patriotism was fixed by the then re
cent War of 1S12. In the v.-ar with Mex
ico, as a lieutenant, of artillery, Grant
displayed exceptional ability' and brav
ery. His rapid rise in the War of the Re
bellion from a lieutenant of an infantry
company to the supreme command of all
the armies of the Union .reads almost
'ike the war fables of old. At the close
of the gigantic conflict the American peo
ple In their heartfelt thanksgiving and
gratitude placed the Ohlo N farm boy in
the President's chair at Washington.
LOG CABIN TO WHITE HOUSE
MEN WHO HAVE CARVED THEIR WAY.
THE SUNDAY CALL. )
7
THE WHITE HOUSE.
BIRTH PL. ACE
OF JAMES A."The Ways of the Service."
sympathy and advice.
Mrs. Gerlison is taken for the type of
"The Army and Navy Woman," shown on
this page. She ft just as charming in.
Mr. Palmer's , stories as she , has been
made to appear by the able pen. of Mr.
Christy. . ;
The romance of her life is twenty years
of -sadness, ; with sunshine at the r last.
But for all her reason for sorrow, Mrs.
Gerlison never for an instant forsakes
her philosophy of trying to make the
world kind— and ~ In the end this philos
ophy*, wins out,, as is so. well, told by.. Mr.
Palmer in the last story of the series,
"Mrs. Gerllson's Own Story."
Of these eight stories that go to make
up the contents, of "The Ways of the
Service" it Is difficult to say '"this one is
the best." It all depends upon. the read
er's: taste or the reader's frame, of mind
at the time that he has the book in his
hand.' ];,£"£;>*';':¦. "'-... •' .•-
It may safely be said that they are all
equally good.
There are plenty of heroic men and
women, plenty. of trials in. the battlefield,
plenty of dash and vigor in the pages of
this book, and there is not one page that
does not hold the attention. .¦/
Mr. Palmer is 1 exceptionally ingenious
in the matter of plot making.' It is a hot
until 'the last page of ,a ¦. stury ;iSi' turned
that you know exactly how It is going to
end. ¦ : , ' •• ¦"/¦¦ ¦¦¦'¦', •">•*,--¦. "" '' ' '.
His first tale Is a good example of this.'
"Ballard" Is the name of it. : Ballard "is
also the name of a very, interesting young
ensign in the navy; whobecomes engaged
to the .'girl he ': loves, receives t promotion
and finds out that he has a fatal case of
heart disease— all .in :the : same day. V ; He
hopes against hope that this lesion of
the heartiwill not kill him before his wed
ding-day at least, v and sails away In
charge of. his new ship to capture' a few
islands from the Filipinos. ..
The heart disease makes ; him, a trifle
reckless, and he'; permits| himself to be
made a target of by ]a. shore battery .'with
the understanding that if they cannot: hit
him' the town Is to surrender.' The strain
on the reader at this point is something
,as tremendous as it is on Ballard's crew,
who are watching him go through this
ordeal of flying, lead.
But this time Ballard wins out and get3
the town: to hold it is another matter.
Then . it is g that another most interest-
Ing -young woman "comes oh 1 ; the scene in
the person of Senorita Maria, a half-caste,
of great wealth and influence. She saves
.the life of Ballard and in an unguarded
moment with this beautiful woman he
kisses her, to repent of it the next in
stant. ;
There is a plot for you.
; Will Ballard forsake the girl he really
loves and : is engaged to -for^ this." other
beautiful and alluring creature?
Will he not be forced to do so? For it is
easy to see that she has the blood of the
tiger in her veins.'
To. complicate matters, , Ballard's be
trothed appears on the scene '¦¦ with .her
chaperon, Mrs. Gerlison, and the whole
party go, to Maria's Inland fortress on a
visit. This throws them all into the power
of the fair siren. . .
Mr. Palmer Is equal to the occasion, .but
it is only In the last line that you know
what, the ending really is.
V,,- Five -out of the eight stories; have the
tragedies of life for their themes. The
other three are equally, good in their way
but; in lighter vein, and make a; pleasing
variety, x, ":
> "Against His Own People".. Is as strong
a/-sketch<as you, would wish to read of
< nie horrors .; of . : a deserter ". who, > through
¦ the conflict of -white and Indian blood as'
an inheritance,' takes sides ' with the Fill
"pinos, and; is 'brought face to face In bat-"
• tie .with , his , old company,
jlf r l\ may ;be pardoned : offering a sug
gestion to the War Uepartment, I should
say that if: every copy of military tactics
presented.: to Uncle Sam's men- was ac
companied by ; ''The" Ways of the Service"
It would be good se'ed sown" in good soil.
There: Is a hint; for- some philanthropic
patriot. (Published by Charles Scribner's
Sons, New York. Price $1 50.) "V&^fgfSSSHH
... B. G. I^ATHROP.
FREDERICK PALMER Is probably
better known as a war correspond
ent than as a writer of fiction, but,
now he will undoubtedly have the
distinction of taking even higher rank as
a novelist than he did as a handler of
news. During his campaign in the Phllr
ippines he found time to collect material
for a book of short stories, which has re
cently appeared from the press of Charles
Scribner's Sons under the well sounding
title, "The Ways of the Service.".
If you have not read "The "Ways of the
Service" waste no time lngetting^it and
sampling a few of its pages— once begun
it will not be put aside until' finished. ; If
by the end of the season— or before— It
is not recognized as one of "the best sell
ing books in 1901". I am greatly mistaken.
In the first place, the publishers have
given the book an ideal cover and the
typographical work is such that the me
chanical effort of reading is reduced to
nothing. In the second place,: Howard
Chandler Christy has Illustrated the
stories with a touch so lifelike and full of
action that a glance at the pictures im
pells a reading of the text. But, in- the
third place and best of all. If these stories
of Frederick Palmer appeared in a cheap
paper binding they would be read: just
the same, for the meat is there— he has
stories to tell and he knov/s how to tell
them, and that is more than* can be said
of many authors of the present day who
are fortunate enough to have their efforts
perpetuated In fine ink and linen and em
bellished covers. ' ' .'
"The Ways of the Service".. includes
eight tales, homogeneous Inasmuch , that
they all deal with army life In the Philip
pines. One character, Mrs. Gerlison, who
can be taken as the ideal type of army
woman, plays an advisory -part' In 'many
of the stories and then figures as heroine
In .tho. last. one in the book— the romance
of her 'own life. To 'say that she Is splen
did Is putting It mildly. After : one has
read the drama of her own . life it Is easy
to understand why, she is ] picked out ) by
every one in the : service : as the one . into
whose ears : shall- be '. poured their, secrets
and to whom they feel free to come for
Illustrations by Howard Chan
dler Christy in Frederick
Palmer's "The Ways of the
Service."
Copyright, 1901, by Charles Scrib
ner's Sons.
«V< t last the American Publishers'
f I Association and the American
f— I Booksellers' Association have come
V, I to a sensible conclusion. Their
Jl plan went into operation on the
1st day of May, and deserves the hearty
co-operation of all readers and book
lovers.
Their idea is to take bock-selling out of
the "bargain counter" business; to estab
lish a rate en every copyrighted publica
tion on a living basis for the publisher
and a buying basis for the reader; and
to enable every book-buyer to purchase
of the local dealer in his own town any
net book in the market at as low a price
as it can be procured from the largcs:
city stores.
It has taken years to consummate
this plan, but at last it has been brought
to a successful issue..
The American public from time im
memorial has been seeking .for "some
thing for nothing." It has become ,so
imbued with this mcttc— and. it must be
said, especially the fair sex of the public —
that the barg?.5n counter and 7S-cent and
SI 27 sales have become the watchword
for funny writers in the joke columns.
Even the humorist has discovered that
the "bargain" lover pays dear for his
"bargain" in the long run. '.'V.;'
lit requires very little thought to figure
out that this is all wrong.
No man is in business for his health —
unless possibly a consumptive orange
grower in a southern clime— therefore no
man can afford to give away "something
for nothing."
You may think that by buying some
thing for 39 cents at one place ycu are
growing rich; but somebody has to help
pay the clerk salaries and rent, and if
you do not, ¦why, the ' other customer
must siand the expense. . •
Of course, it is very easy to say, "Well,
let the other customer pay it." But you
will find a little later that you are bound
to come under the head of "the other
customer" at some time and have tc do
a little paying yourself. , f ¦ <
The cut rates of the past years In book
selling have been alike disastrous for
bookseller and customer. It not only
meant the gradual but sure death of the
good book store, but it meant that while'
you might get certain editions at an ap
parently , lower figure, ycu would have
to pay the difference on some other book.
Such a system as that, being no system
at all, could only bring disaster.
It left the market uncertain for tho
buyer; it discouraged the bookseller who
was obliged to ask for more margin
from the publisher, wTio in turn was
obliged to take away from the profits of
the author— and there you are, right back
to the reader again, for if the author
cannot sell his wares he wll! not write,
and the reader Is the loser.
Cheap rates cannot bring good quality,
and a system of cutting trade always re
sults In the best producers becoming dis
couraged.
This new plan of the publishers and
booksellers, however, is. not to arbitrar
ily raise the p^ice on all books to the
detriment of the buyers' pockets, but
merely to establish a price at a living
margin on each copyrighted work— a price
set once and for all at "net" and then
adhered to.
Here Is the gist of the matter as set
forth in a little circular which is being
circulated by the American Booksellers'
Association amons readers:
In accordance with the mutual agreement
recently entered Into by the members of the
American Publishers' Association, there will
be a general reduction In the • price of books
published under the NET system, and no dis
count will be allowed from the advertised
price of new copyrighted "net books" publish
ed after Slay 1. The wisdom of this beneficent
measure will be apparent # to all after a brief
consideration of the facts.
* 1. The new "net price" will be absolutely
maintained to all customers, eo that the "net
book" of real worth will have a recognized
permanent value, after you nave . read it and
placed It la your library.
2. When you purchase a new "net book" you
will no longer be tempted to spend time and
money "shopping around" in order to get It
at the lowest market price.
3. Hereafter, in ordering a "net book" from
your dealer, you will have th? assurance that
you are purchasing it at the lowest price tor
which it can be manufactured and sold with
a living profit for author, publisher and dealer,
and that no one else can purchase it for less
money than you are paying for it.
Under recent conditions, the Jl 50 novel has
been retailed at all sorts of prices, ranging
-from Jl 50 to 78 cents. In tie first case a
rood profit was made, except by dealers In
the far West and Southwest, where trans
portation charges are very heavy; but every
person who sold this book for"^ cents incur
red an actual loss on each volume, as It is im
possible to wholesale, even In very large
quantities, a $1 SO book .at 73 cents. The
money lost by those merchants who advertised
popular books at such astonishingly low
prices, was charged "to advertising account,"
and It was thought by them that the, money
actually lost In selling books for less than
cost was well Invested, as It created the Im
pression on the part of, their customers that
all goods In their stoics were sold at corre
epondlngly low prices, which obviously was
not true.
Another development, under recent condi
tions, has been the formation of "home library
associations" and other mall order agencies,
for the avowed purpose of supplying: books at
"wholesale prices." But obviously the. suc
cess of these enterprises has depended upon
the maintenance of local bookstores, where
the new books .could , be Inspected by pros
pective purchasers before they placed their or-
Cers for them with their purchasing agents.
roundirg end Or^r mn.-tion' of the
ID. A. E. sndD. Societies.
Surprising revelation- ns .o the cause
cf the separation of tho Diu 'liters of the
rievcHition from the Daughters of the
American Revolution ¦ are made in ¦ tha
hislrry of the societies, just published by
their Flora Adams Darling.- Ths
book makes clear the distinction between
these two patriotic societies which are so
closely alj.ied in name, but which have
maintained' distinct organizations for the
past nine years. It explains that the dis
ruption resulted from a clique of woman's
rights advocates converting the_D. A. R.
into an order accepting members who
wer-j merely collateral kinswomen of 're
volutionary r>atriots. The collaterar ele
ment consisted of members who belonged
to a "Woman's Risrhts Club, known as^the
WI-MO-DAUGH-SIS, located in Washing
ton, D. c. ¦ ¦ j
Mrs Darling's history recalls the 'jwar"
of the daughters that was waged with
such intensity during 1SD0-91; and presents
the hitherto suppressed officially attested
records cf the first two years of the or
ganization of the societies. To confirm
the statements made in the book the
author has caused all 'important Iettcr3,
documents and papers to be reproduced
in fac-simi!e. Mrs. Darling offers her
history to the i daughters as~ a proof that
"the records of the D. A. R. have been
altered to cover the false story of the
founding which the board of managers of
1S91 set up, and which has since been per
petuated."
As a story of diplomatic intrigue and
finesse the history is interesting even to
the casual reader. It explains the many
difficulties that had to be overcome in the
effort to unite the two extremes of society
lustrated. and i3 me -which we can rec
ommend to primary teachers .is timely and
serviceable. (Published by the American
Bcok Company, New York. Price 50c.)
Thus rr.any purchasers, to enable themselves
to mak« proper selections, have been uslns tho
local bookFtores, without yielding any profit
In return to pay the local merchant for clerk
hire, rent, insurance, trar.srrrtation. and for
the risk of inverting his money in now bio'is
with only a Foseibilitr of BrlHns them. Thi3
has doubtless been done without due Tm
sideration—or under the n?fjral hnpres«loi
that it is one's duty to buy where ho can buv
cheapest. As a matter o' far'., many pur
chasers have raid rroie r-.oi:ey for books
bought, through these agsneics than h •
would have been required to ray to local Ccal
ers for the same editions."
This plan canr.ot fail to receive the ccm
menda'tion of the book-reafiing public;
and as the "bargain" cranks are not, as
a general rule, book-lovers, it will make
but little difference to them. It will mean
more encouragement for authors in a
financial way: it will incite publishers to
put forth better editions; and it will en
courage booksellers to keep a larger and
better stock. B. G. LATHROP.
Bird Life.
D. Appleton & Co. of New York
have just published a new edition of that
Interesting book on "Bird Life, a Guide to
the Study of Our Common Birds," by
Frank M. Charman.
Frank Michler Chapman, whose works
on natural history— and especially on
birds— have given him an international
reputation, was born at Englev/ood, N. J..
in June. 1864. He received an academic
education and since 1SS7 has been connect
ed with the American Museum of Natural
History, being now associate curator of
vertebrate zoology. He was at one time
an enthusiastic sportsman, but within the
last few years has given his attention to
the humane object of conserving bird life,
and has become a leader in the wide
spread movement for the protection cf
birds from destruction for commercial
purposes. He is president of the Lin
naean Society, and a member of the Orni
thologists' Union: he is also editor of
"Bird Lore." He has been a most suc
cessful lecturer on all subjects connect?d
with the study of birds. Bes-des innumer
able articles on birds and mammals, he
has written a valuable "Handbook of ;he
Birds of Eastern North America," "Bird
Studies with a Camera." for the prepara
tion of which he traveled 10.000 miles and
exercised an extraordinary amount of pa
tience and ingenuity: and "Bird Life.'
This book »has been recognized as the
standard authority on our common birds.
It was prepared particularly tor those
that desire a general knowledge of bird
life and a speaking acquaintance with cur
common birds. Its value is greatly in
creased by a series of seventy-five pla'es,
representing in their natural colors more
than 100 varieties of birds deDlctei with
loving care by Mr. Ernest Seton-Thoma
son, whose reputation as an animal painl
er and illustrator is second to no other
artist in this country. These plates are
reproduced not by any cheap and unsatis
factory color photography, but by litho
graphy, and are justly regardod as a
triumph of successful iliustra{ions.
The production of this remarkable book
at the low Drice of $2 0'J will be welcomed
by all genuine nature lovers, and will in
sure it a wide circulation.
Kontanya.
"Montanye." by William O. Stodd.ird. is
a work of historical value, although thid
feature does not deiract from its interest
as .fiction.
Montanye is a corruption of Montaigne,
the name of an old New York family who
actually owned the land given them in,
the story. It is now a part of Central
Park and on it was a spring which for
generations bore the name of Montanye's
fountain.
Dr. Montanye himself, with his dark
secret to keep; the Pequot slave with his
flogging to avenge; the privateers, pirates,,
slaves and slave mtrchants are all at
tractive studies, and so Is Madeleine J.>^^,
tanye, the patriot girl living among Brit
ish foes and under the British flag.
While all other American seaports were
feverishly preparing for freedom and
prosperity the city ti New York remained
a British camp. The last months of this
paralyzing occupation are pictured to the
life in Mr. Stoddard'^ fascinating contri
bution to historic.^ romapce. He has
¦ treated the topography cf the tale with
his well-known accuracy and has brought
in many rare featuies. The last days of
piracy and the slave- trade pass vividly
before our eyes in connection with the
thrilling incidents of the story.
The book is not only valuable as a care
fully painted historical picture, but it is
a delightfully entertaining romance with
a well-sustained plo^ that holds the read
er's attention to the very last. .
The story is one i.hat has long needed
telling and a better narrator could hardly
be found than Mr. Stoddard. a writer of
known brilliancy, in whose hands history
becomes fascinating romance. Spirited
action, coupled witli the charm of nar
rative and the character drawing that
characterize Mr. Stoddard's work, is fully
displayed in the novel. (Published by
Henry Altemus Company, Philadelphia,
Price 5L)
x Hallie Marshall.
"Hallie Marshall." by F. P. Williams, is
the story of a man who, wholly against
his volition, deserts his family. and home.
The people by whom he finds himself sur T ,
rounded seem to have entered into a con
spiracy to efface all traces of the past
from his memory. At first he struggles
against \his, but gradually he yields more
and more to the sweet influences that are
working on him— the generous Southern
hospitality and the witchery of Hallie,
who strives in many ways to convince him
that his real past is not the past that he
recalls. Finally the picture of his de
serted wife becomes so faint In his mind
that he finds himself making passionate
love to Hallie, on Echo bridge, beneath the
glorious full moon of the South. And, as
he searches the depths of the girl's eyes,
suddenly it seems to him as though he
had passed out of his old life through the
gates of death and has entered into a life
that is free from the disappointments and
sorrows of the old. He renounces his old
allegiances, but before Hallie will accept
his fealty she insists upon a test; she bids
him return to his Northern home and then
choose once for ali between the old life
and Hallie. The reader will find rather a
surprise in the conclusion of the story.
(Published by the Abbey Press, New York.
Price,' JL)
Heading and Composition.
"How to Teach Reading and Composi
tion," by J. J. Burns, M. A., Ph. D., Is a
book designed to help the teacher to pre
pare for the labor of training pupils to
read and to write the English language.
It aids in guiding the student to secure
knowledge and culture from a book; and
in training him to express what he may
know or feel with clearness and grace.
The quotations chosen for study are most
suitable for the purpose: to some notes
are appended, of others, questions are
asked: sometimes both modes are used.
Suggestions are given for the production
of compositions to be based upon the se
lections read. The book is attractively U-
—the ; rich and the poor, by the hitherto
untriedbond of pedigree. . , ,
In. the history the full story of the early
days of these great and j important patri
otic societies is told. It is the belief of
Mr3. . Darling " that > with this , history : to
aid :. the ' two sister societies In getting at
the bottom of the facts that led to separa
tion they will' find means for a reconcilia
tion. The D. A. R. and the D.' R. have"the
same noble purposes, to foster and extend
the interest of the peopla'in the history of
their , country, and the preservation of his
toric landmarks. That they! are. not -now
working. in unison. is a matter, of keen re
gret to their founder. (Published by. In
dependence Publishing ; Company, Phila
delphia.. Price $2.)
The Trophies of Heredia.
This little volume of sonnets seems to
have stepped in from the classic past.
' They are by Jose Maria de Heredia. a
Cuban poet, sen of another Cuban poet
by; the same name. The younger, the one
With ¦whorrT'.v.-e are concerned, is now 53
years old, and his recently published col
lection shows th;v flame of youth tem-
Aercd by mature nrt.
His. early edrcaion was received at a
Reman Catholic crii!esre in France. Later
on. after a stay nt the University of Ha
vana,' he returned to Paris. Frank Scw
all. to whom we are indebted for the di
vining translation of the poems, says:
"Heredia took up a course of paleo
graphic studies', the fruits of which ap
pear in the exquisite elaboration of his
later work. He became associated with
Leconte de Lisle and others of the .poet
circle of the 'Parrassiens.' and in this at
mosphere were produced, at first for. pri
vate circulation, the rernarkable sonnets.
'Les Trophces, 1 which in 1C93 won for the
author his admission to the academy and
which have alone sufficed to place; him
among the' most eminent cf the . French
poets of any age. The poems appeared
here and there j in the Revue des Deux
Mondes, but were too refined in their su
preme beauty 'to appeal to tlfose outside
of a select circle; and therefore the poet
has remained 'illustrious and unpublished."
'Les TropheeV have at last received the
public's recognition and '. have passed
through many -editions."
Jules Lemaitre has covered 1 the sonnets
broadly. when he has said :. "Each one In
cludes much : science and much dreaming
— all theLbeauty of a myth, all the; spirit
of an epoch, all that is picturesque in a
civilization." And Sewall calls attention
to the hot Spanish blood traceable in
Heredia's "fervent J description of the hot
lands of the south, and < his portrayal of
Cartagena."; Given this ardor, U has been
chiseled, polished in the school of old
world art. , and the' result is : found m
poems like this:
Like flight of falcons from their native . crags,
Content.no more In their high solitude.
From Palos or Mogruer the captains sailed.
Half drunk with dreams of deeds heroic and
wild. . vV.i.:.
They -went to seize the fabled metal veins sj
Clpango ripens in her distant mines;
The trade winds bent their lateen yards
j toward
The shores mysterious of the Western ¦World.
Each evenins hoping for an epic morn.
The' phosphorescent azure ot the sea.
Would charm their sleep with Its mirage of
gold ; •
Or leaning o'er the caravel's white bow,
They saw aecendlns in an unknown sky
New stars from out the depths of Ocean.
' (Published by Small, Maynard & Co.,
Boston. Price $2 50.)
The Woman Who Trusted
Will N. Harben has been given high
praise and. possesses/ ra.re ability as a
wi-'ter of short stories. His novel recently
published cannot fail to attract attention.
While "The Woman Who Trusted was
running as a serial in the Saturday Even
ing Post the editor received many letters
containing the highest praise of the novel
and showing" absorbing interest in the plot
and, characters. . ¦ -''?'' V
The average reader Is interested in the
vivid, artistic portrayal of a strong char
acter : struggling against overwhelming
odds, and Mr. "Harben's hero is a young
man possessing a most sensitive spirit and
the highest ideals, who proves his true
metal by successfully passing through a
crucible of sorrows and reverses that
would have consumed a weaker man. The
story opens in the South, shifts at once to
bohemian New. York, and .terminates hap
pily In Europe. There are few men in the
United- States better * qualified for such
an ¦."'undertaking than-. Will R- Har
ben.' For years he fought the grim
ba.ttle, for ,llterary recognition in ; New
York, where his associates were men and
women struggling like .himself, but now
known the world over. - For two years he
was one of the editors of the Youth's Com
panion : In Boston, where he. learned the
inner workings of a great periodical and
came in touch with the hope delayed and
despair, of , literary "aspiration In all its
phases, humorous, ironical, tragic. Leav
ing his post on the Companion to gratify
a- hunger for new fields. Mr. Harben drift
ed to London, where -for over a year .he
wrote and studied In that vast round,
glass-domed hive of literary Industry— the
British Museum,' meeting almost every
writer and artist in England. (Published
by. Henry Altemus Company, Philadelphia.
Price, $1.) -f\ -;. ¦ ._
Eastover Court House.
After that splendid story by Ellen Glas
gow, "The Voice of the People," perhaps
we have had our taste cultivated to such
a pitch that we ¦would not enjoy even a
good story of "life of the South to-day."
In any event after Miss Glasgow's sym
pathetic and remarkable ¦work, "Eastover
Court House," which Is a fair story, sinks
to the degree of "poor."
"Eastover Court House,^ by Henry
Bufnham Boorie "and ' Kenneth Brown, Is
the first of a series of twelve American
novels by American writers which Har
per &. Brothers propose to bring out dur
ing the coming' literary season. The idea
is an excellent one and th^ scheme is de
serving of success.
The words "Court House" In the title
might lead the reader to suppose that this
is ar, story of law and lawyers, but the
name merely refers to a Virginia town,
the. seat of Eastover County. The story
is. supposed to be of up-to-date Virginia,
but at times savors strongly- of the South
of years ago.
Frequently It is difficult to tell what it
is all about. There is a slight strain of
love, a bit of horseflesh and horse racing
and some of the old "Uncle Tom's Cabin"
flavor of negro flogging— but the work as
a whole is lacking in continuity.
Literary Notes.
Love letters seem to be the order of the
day, and - particularly timely therefore is
the. new edition of "His Letters," by Ju
lien Gordon, author of "Mrs. Clyde" and
"A Puritan Pagan." It will be brought
out by D. Appleton & Co.
"Out-of-the-Way Places in . the Orient"
is the collective title of three illustrated
papers in the Foreign Travel number of
The Century (May).. India and Burma are
the countries referred to; "A. Visit to Ne
paul" being described by. Mrs. Lockwood
de Forest ; "Amber, the Deserted J Capital
of Rajputana." by Marion Pope; and "The
Defiles of the Irrawaddy," by V. C. Scott
O'Connor. Mrs. de Forest's account of
personal, experiences is illustrated In part
by Lockwood Kipling, the famous story
teller's father. .
"American Country Life" Is the title of
a new monthly magazine Doubleday,
Page & Co. will publish, early In the au
tumn. It is expected to Interest every one
who cares' for out-docr . matters of any
sort." , Liberty H. Bailey, who, as editor
of the Cornell Nature Bulletins, author,
professor and practical farmer, has done
more than almost any other person to
promote interest in outdoor. matters, vriil
edit it. The publishers claim that it is
going to be the most beautiful magazine
on the news stands— because it has the
most beautiful subjects, and no pains will
be. spared, in reproducing them with all
their original charm. Heavy enameled pa
per will bo used throughout. , Though the
idea of this magazine is a new one, it will
stand for the .same love of .nature and .
outdoor life that has enabled this same
publishing hous^ to* print 65,000 books 'of
their new nature series : with colored
plates. Such. a periodical will have an ap
preciative audienre and. will, doubtless, in
time gain one of °ihcse large circulations —
and have a hqstnf imitators. ; ; \)
Outing for Mfy.is instinct. -with the im
pulses of the. tfuddin«r season and aglow
with the sense|of country, living. Even
its .fiction, "The Homesickness of Ke
honka," from tne idyllic pen of Charles
G. D. Roberts, te based on the all per
meating influence } ot spring. "Country
Life in France," by Guy Wetmore Carry!,
Illustrated by Hy S. "Watson, reveals an
aspect only to be found by long and
familiar residence. "Musk Ox Hunting
• Among the Iw'lics" is a whalers' expedi
tion on the break up cf the Arctic winter.
"The Captain of the Nine," a study in
college baseball, by Clarence Deming, Is
'seasonable a3 well as analytical. The
forthcoming •, visit of an English team
which will include ihe woman champion
makes especially interesting N. L. Jack
son's review of "The Present Status of
Lawn Tennis in England": and the com
ing season's arrangements for long road
journeys make Henry R. Sutphen's
"Touring in Auton'.obiles" a valuable
guide. "Sledge Dogs of the North," by
Tappan Adney, is a thorough -exemplifi
cation of the absolute necessity of man's
best friend, the dog, in our northern pos
sessions. "Camera Studies of Living In
sects" Is entertaining as observation and
instructive as summer photography. "The
Private Stables of Manhattan," by R. W.
Woclley, depicts with photographic full
r.ess and close personal knowledge a phase
of city life that is not often seen by those
outside Touring bicyclists will be in
structed and interested by "Corsica for
Bicyclists." Frank S. Peers opens a wide
and profitable field cf entertainment in
"Cattle Breeding for Gentlemen Farm
ers," the first paper of a series with gen
eral principles : and broad results. 'It; is
to : be followed by others of express ap
plication. "Iowa's Lack of Sportsman
ship" occupies the pen of Leonidas Hub
bard Jr r , who recently made a tour of the
Middle West for Outing, in the crusade
for ga.T.e and fish protection.- Georgs
Wharton James poui a forth a bountiful
stream of facts and illustrations of "In
dian Basketry." "The Growth of Whist
In ; America," with especial reference to
American leads, Is by N. O. Messenger,
and has numerous portraits.. "Marble
Lore" is a delightful reminiscence '- that
will appeal to every man who has not for
gotten his boyhood. It Is written by James
L. -Steele and illustrated by Mr. Brough
ton. "Angling as a School ' of Virtues",
fitly opens. . the - season. The editorials,
"Sportsman's Viewpoint," and numerous
departments by. the J highest | authorities
complete a. number;, remarkable for rich
ness and breadth of interest.
The A. Wessels Company have In active
preparation a . new life of , Scott by Pro
fessor Hudson of, Stanford : Unlversity.
Despite the fact that In Lockhart's Life
of Sir Walter. Scott we have something of
a classic in biography, it is not altogether
to be wondered at that .new "lives",, should
be attempted , more fitted to the taste of a
hurrying generation. ;-
Professor Hudson; within 'the limit of a
volume _ of S00 , pages, . tells \ anew the story
of .Scott's life i and gives 'some fresh and
Interesting criticisms of Scott's work both
as a poet and a novelist." •
. The volume 'will be neatly. . and "attract
ively, produced and has by way of frontis
piece a capital reproduction of * Geddes"
portrait '.of; Sir .-/Walter. Scott, in the Na
tional Portrait Gallery^* Edinburgh.
• The contents of the May issue of Every
body's Magazine are very/ varied. They,
range' from ; a - superb character study of
Chief Croker of the Fire Department of
New York,; contributed 'by! Lindsay Denl
son,; to " - ' a v; compilation ; ;6f > opinions of
prominent 'actors and managers on "How
to Go on ;the I Stage," ; gathered by I Frank
lin Fyles.",-. An. admirable -story of deer
life, "Terror," by '.; Maximilian Foster;
"Making Rain by Electricity," a study of
Elmer * Gates' experiences in Wash
ington; stories of the newspaper world.
"Adventures In Newsgettin«»," by Allen
Sangree, a study of Mrs. Piper, the fam
ous medium, by Mary C Blossom. "Tho
Novel Bequests," by Eugene P. Lyle. Mrs.
Kasebier's photographs. J. P. Mowbray'a
"Making of a Country Home"— all will bo
found readable, entertaining and Ipforma
tive.
Drexel Biddle. publisher, Philadelphia,
announces the shortly, forthcoming publi
cation of a highly Important contribution
to English literature. It Is a work by
Professor Winthrcp Dudley Sheldon, th«
vice president of Girard College. Tho
work will bear the title. "A Second Cen
tury Satirist," and contains tne nrst Eng
lish translation ever made of the more
important and interesting dialogues of Lu
clan There are forty translated dia
logues of this brilliant satirist* who lived
in the age of the Antonincs. and who is
the / most entertaining among anciont
writers, because, more than any of them,
he possesses a genuine flavor of mod
ernity.
Professor Sheldon has worked many
years on thi3 great and comprehensive
undertaking, and the table of contents
offers .a highly appetizing Ii3t cf title*.
By a liberal supply of foot-note references
and an alphabetical index, the work is at
once stilted for the reader wno seeks en
tertainment and for the student at school
or at college.
A powerful chapter from one of the
most remarkable of recorded human ex
periences appears in McClure's Magazine
for May— Captain Alfred Dreyfus' own
story cf his arrest, degradation and trans
portation to Devils Island. To this story
is added a portion oi the diary kept by
Dreyfus on -the island for his wife and
referred to so often and so mysteriously
in the Rennes trial, but never made pub
lic.
A more intense and convincing expres
sion of human agony than that found in
these fragments is inconceivable. From
first to last it is evident that the sufferer
is bewildered and maddened by what has
befallen him and that all which keeps
him from Insanity or death is his deter
mination to prove that his persecutions
are powerless to overthrow what he calls
the "sovereignty of the soul." These dra
matic passages make It clear, too, that
Dreyfus was compelled to undergo on
Devils Island every ; ignominy and hard
ship his jailers could devise, even to close
confinement in a hut. enclosed by pali
sades and shut out from air and light,
with double irons upon his legs through
out the night.
The book from which this remarkab.le
document is taken, containing the story of
Dreyfus' entire five years of suffering and
imprisonment, is to be published by Mc-
Clure, Phillips & Co. In May.
•
Mary Catherine Crowley, author of "A
Daughter of New France,'-' which Little,
Brown & Co. publish early, in May, has
been actively engaged in literary work for
the past ten years. She is well known as
a writer for the young, and has also con
tributed to- various magazines and syndi
cates, sometimes under her own name,
sometimes under pseudonym.
Miss Crowley Is a native of Boston, and
had the good fortune to be born of schol
arly stock. Her father, John C. Crowley.
is an alumnus of Harvard University; her
mother is a graduate of the Sacred Heart,
Manhattanville— later the daughter's alma
mater. With so favorable home and
school influence, a large circle of traveled
and book-loving relatives, a host of fam
ily friends among the clergy, and, in due
tirnp, a broad and varied social life, her
literary gift made rapid and symmetrical
development.
In 1SS2 Miss Crowley went abroad, visit
ing Rome, Paris, Dresden and other Old
"World cities. For the past eight years she
has lived in the "West, a part of the time
at Detroit. She has traveled in Canada,
and is familiar with Quebec and Mont
real. Thus among her acquaintance be
longing to the old French-Canadian fam
ilies, and from the pages of old memoirs
and histories, she gathered the material
for the ground work of this romance "A
Daughter of • New France." which ¦ oc
curred to her about 1SD4. It was begun
three or more years ago, laid aside for
other work and finally taken up and fin
ished during the past winter. .
Miss Crowley was for some years a
member of the New England Woman's
Press Association and of the "Woman's
Press Club of New York City.
Books Received.
THE LITTLE CRUSADERS— By Isabel Scott
Stons. -The Abbey Press. New York. $1.
THE BOOK OF JADE— Published by Doxey,
New York. $1.
A SAILOR'S LOG— By Robley D. Evans,
rear 'admiral. U. S. N. D. Appleton & Co..
New ' York. ?2-
HALLIE MARSHALL— By F. P. "Williams.
The Abbey Press, New York. Jl.
ET1DORPHA— By John Uri Uoyd. Dodd.
Mead & Co.. New York. SI 50.'
¦ FOt"NDING AND ORGANIZATION OF THE
DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVO
LUTION ANH DAUGHTERS OF THE REVO
LUTION—By Flora Adams Darling, A.M. In
dependence Publishing Company, Philadephia.
HOW TO TEACH READING AND COMPO
SITION"—By J. J. Burns. M. A.. Ph.D. Ameri
can Book ComDany, New York. 60 cents.
B1K1> LIFE— By Frank M. Chapman. D.
Apjileton & Co., New York. $2.
THE WOMAN WHO TRUSTED — By Will
H. Harben. Henry Altemus Company, Phila
delphia. ?L
MONTANTE. OR THE SLAVERS OF OL.D
NEW YORK— By William O, Stcddard. Henry
Altemus Company. Philadelphia. $1.
• EDNA MAY— Souvenir "In the Girl From Up
There." R. H. Russell. New York.
THE ILLUSTRATED AMERICAN STAGE—
R. H. Russell. New York.
TRUTH DEXTER— By Sidney McCalL Ut
tle. Brown & Co.. Boston. SI 50.
JOHN WINSLOW— By Henry D. Northrop.
G. W. Dilllnsham Company. New York. $1 50.
JOHN HENRY— By Hush McHugh. G. W.
Dillinsrham Company, New York.
THE. WAY OF A MAN WITH A MAID—
By Frances Gordon Fane. . G. W. Dllllngham
Company. New York. {1 50.
JULETTY— By Lucy Cleaver McElroy.
Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New York. Jl 50.
A TEXT BOOK OF ASTRONOMY — By
George C. Comstock. D. Appleton & Co., New
York. $120.
WAR'S BRIGHTER SIDE— By Julian Ralph,
with contributions from Rudyard Kipling, A.
Conan Doyle and others. D. Appleton & Co..
New York. $1 50.
. THE MYSTERY OF THE C1*ASPET>
HANDS— Bv Guy Boothby. D. Appleton & Co.,
New York. »L
MR. CHUPES AND MISS JENNY— By Effle
Blsnell. The Baker & Taylor Company, New
York. Jl.
WITH THE WILD FLOWERS— By Maud
Going. The Baker & Taylor Company, New
York. - Jl. : •
."¦MY MASTER— By the Swaml Vlvekananda.
The Baker & Taylor Company. New York. 50
cents.
THE CREED OF "THE PRESBYTERIANS—
By Rev. Egbert W. Smith. D.D. The Baker
& , Taylor Company. New York. 60 cents.
FIRST TEARS IN HANDICRAFT— By "Wal
ter J. Kenyon. The Baker & Taylor Company.
New York. fL
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
\26 POST STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO.
Prices are at ways in the
Reading Notices. Postage is
free.
A. M. ROBERTSON.THE ; SUISTDAX. CALIi. ;"stotrer" when. a confederate of th© lat
ter drops two locks, clasped together, di
rectly in front of them. - The "steerer"
picks up the articles and. with a, remark
about their peculiarity, passes them to his
companion. The victim readily opens tha
locks by pressing a spring on the side. At
this - stage of the rame the man ¦ who
droooed th© locks comes up and,' when his
ntltted in his house, and going to an Imita
tion telephone he pretenas to summon the
police.- The "steerer" makes an effort to
escape, Inducing the victim to come with
him. Sometimes the escape is made be
fore the police arrive, and the fear of b«-
Ine arrested for visiting a gambling house
has the effect of closing the mouth of the
man, who would otherwise have com-
*amej» Crate, alias "T>e«i> Sea Jlmmle**!
Paddy Mnes, bam Neviaa. john Long,
Edwin Sheehan; £sob Evans, alias "Chip
pie Bob'"; Peter Hastings, alias "Tha
Painter Kid"; George Barrett. Billy Mc-
Donald. "Doc" Seeley, Jack O'Brien.
llh&l*^ Campbell, "Doc" Anderson.
"Kid" Cunningham, "Lame BUI" RuaaeU
and Tom Leahy,
cities is their stock In trade.
Harry waiters,, who has iwen given the
sobriquet' of "king" among his asso
ciates, is a graduate of Oxford. He is a
talented musician and. a distinguished lin
guist, speaking several tongues fluently.
While many of the others have never
passed the portals of Oxford, the expert-,
ence gained by shuttling about the world
and coming in contact with all sorts and
• iescripiions of human beings makes them
equal to any emergency. If they.wouid
apply their talents in legitimate channels
instead of to the art of fleecing they
would be huge successes. Their general ,
make-up leaves small wonder that they
are able to successfully act the charac
ters of business and, professional men.
The bunko man has no home. He must
be a nomad in habits, and on the Pacific
slope "works" a territory extending front
San Diego to Seattle. Occasionally a
"jump" is made to Denver, but only when
the detectives have been prodded into
action. When a haul Is made and the
case given publicity, and the victim . re
fuses to listen to a compromise, the per
petrator of the job passes along to another
station on the circuit. As quickly as the
matter has passed out of mind he returns
to resume operations. While in a town
his residence is uncertain. A room may
be rented for a month, but it may only be
occupied for a day. The victim is always
certain that he remembers the place
where he parted with his coin, but when
he returns with the officers the "ticket
office," "tailor shop" or "assay office"
has been blotted from the . map of the
city, and the key left, without explana
tion, with the landlord. /
The parapnernalia.used in the thieving
games is simple and is packed, as a rule,
by the itinerant tricksters in small hand
satchels. Cards, pieces of quartz, blank
checkbooks and-, other articles of corre
sponding bulk often comprise the- entire
outfit, so that the bunko man may always
make a hasty departure. Sometimes, how
ever, his flight is interrupted, and Cap
tain Fred Esola, property clerk for the
Police Department, shows visitors a sec
tion of his office that resembles a baggage
room in a passenger depot.
The bunko business in San Francisco is
carried on almost exclusively by men.
Few women have ever been implicated in
plots of plunder. In the Eastern cities,
however, it is different, and females play
prominent parts in. games of deception!
and blackmail. ¦ ¦ '
"Victims are picked up on th© streets or
In the corridors of prominent hotels. As
a stranger registers an inkling is gained
as to his business or his place I of resi
dence and his mission to the city.'. Ac
costing the unsuspecting stranger, tho
"steerer" draws him into conversation
and by one of many, means gains his con
fidence. A trip may- be proposed or tho
buuko . man volunteers to direct him • to
any given location .with ¦ which he is un
familiar. Before the destination Is
reached an excuse is made by which he
Is drawn Into the "Joint," which may be
fitted up: as a clubroom, office or shop.
The- ruide leaves his rueat seated, and
after inquiring if the ""captain" or some
other distinguished personage is present
repairs to a rear room and his return is
delayed. Then tho "inside workers" take
the victim In hand, v '¦• . ;
; If cards are to be employed In the pro
cess of robbery three men ar© ¦ usually
seated at a table enjoying what they, term
a little ; rame of poker ; "on the , quiet."
They note the stranger's restlessness, and
one of the trio Insists that he Join In the
gam© to while away the time. ;¦¦ Immedl-
gBTWARB of pickpockets !**
It Is an old legend, but It •would
perhaps be well to hang it up some
where and let yourself into the
habit of remembering your pocket
book whenever you are in a crowd tor tne
next few weeks.
Human coyotes, they are, who live by
sneaking about and thieving their living
from the unsuspecting:. 'They do not com
mit capital offenses, so there is no excuse
for hanging them; they confine them
selves to "stone getting" and pocket pil
fering, trusting to the comparative small
ness of the offense and to their wits to
ret them off with light sentences in case
they are discovered and captured.
And really they have all the advantage
over their victim, as well as over the de
tective who does not know them person
ally. They have all their plans carefully
laid, while the subject upon whom they
have determined to operate' has not th©
remotest idea be is going to be robbed.
Tho detective, also, is but human: Ono
cannot expect him to read mlnda or anti
cipate actions that are but littlo short of
legerdemain.
However, two of tho rentry were picked
up a few days aro. This is In Itself a
first-class commentary on tho watchful
ness and efficiency of our police servic*.
It will also act as a damper upon the en
thusiasm' of the other enterprising gen
tlemen of llrht fingers who are at pres
ent casting wistful eyes toward th© Pa
cific coast. .'; \ '
"We're going to rive It to them.' rood
and strong," said Captain Seymour. "Wo
intend to make an example of them that
will have a tendency to lessen the amount
of pocket-picking materially during the
President's stay.
"But I don't bellev© there will bo many
here," continued the captain optimisti
cally. "It has been reported that there
are hundreds here and more are comlns.
"Now that's all foolishness! To be sure,
there arc doubtless a few here; but we
are going to exercise all the vigilance
of which we are capable. Still. I see no
reason for alarming the people when we
don't even know whether mor© ar© com
ing at all or not."
"But in case they really come?" was
•ugrested.
"We shall take care of them, all right!
We handled them on the occasion of Mr.
Harrison's visit and wo will handle them
this time."
* It Is evident, - however, that the captain
Is taking no chances, for ho presently took
up the subject train.
"We'll ret them, all right." said he,
"and we'll give them a rood start out of
town, too— a rood start; but before they
go they shall hav© their pictures taken!
They shall also trot before every officer
on the force and have their pictures taken
again mentally — pictures that will make it
exceedingly dangerous for them aver to
visit this city again as long as the pres
ent officers are walking their beats."
When crowds are In -town and thousands
ftnreac the streets tntn flourishes tn©
bunko man like the rreen bay tree.
Thus he is described by one who has
met him:
"When he approaches you with his glib
tongue, inquiring the location of a certain
street or asking the time of day, his
mind is formulating the plans for your
financial depredation. In a few seconds
he has read your temperament, learned of
your susceptibilities, and knows more of
your affairs than could be written on ten
pages of paper.
"If a doubt should cross your mind as
to the proper intentions of the well
dressed, educated individual, whose con
versation, though loquacious, becomes in
teresting almost as quickly as it is begun,
and whose cordiality relieves the monot
ony of staring into unfamiliar faces, you
cast It aside. His offer to render you as
sistance makes you eager for a better ac
quaintance; and if he says that he, like
yourself, is a, wanderer in a strange land,
you feel that touch of sympathy arising
out of loneliness. But you afterward
hear the old, old story of the 'sucker'
and the bait when the police explain, in
a matter-of-fact way, that he was only
the 'steerer' and you a victim." • -
A horde of bunko and confidence men
and professional "grafters" infest San
Francisco. They thrive pn the credulity
of people, and the extent of their harvest
has never been told. Only at times when
the police capture their outfits and secure
the receipts of victims who accept the re
turn of a petty portion of their losses
rather than expose their folly by report
ing the matter, is an Idea gained of the
vast army of men in the world whose lack
of common sense, coupled with a greed
of rain, makes them easy prey to be
duped or imposed upon. '
Standing side by side in th© ranks of
the "sure thing" man's victims are the
farm hand and the metropolitan (capital
ist. Not only does Silas Perkins cart
away his gold brick to find that it can
only bo disposed of at a foundry, but the
gentleman who has listened to the rumble
of streetcars his entire lifetime and
whose wit and shrewdness have won him
plaudits In both social and business
circles discovers that he has yet things
to learn. Both the rural and the city man
are handed their "bricks," only they are
often passed out in different packages. '
Th© devices to trap the unwary are as
numerous as reeds in a marsh, and each
Is adapted to a certain case, usually at
the discretion of the man who, to use
his own vernacular, first "picks up tho
hooslor."
The personalities of the sharpers afford
an interesting study in criminology. Un
like tho burglar or tho footpad, their
countenances seldom betray their wicked
wiles. Well cppearlng and conversant on
diverse subjects, they command the atten
tion of the learned as well as the Illit
erate. Should tho toplo of conversation be
upon foreign lands, the information thoy
vouchsafe at once marks them as men of
travel; and their knowledge of men and
•vents In interior towns and othor large
; One of the shrewdest gold brick . cases
on the records of the Police Department
was worked. on a Stockton-street sausage
dealer named Ludwig in 1892. ; A stranger
who had visited Ludwig's store on, many
occasions told of his ' experience one
morning of meeting an . old Indian : called
Pedro in a secluded portion of Golden Gate
Park. The redskin, he • claimed, had on
one occasion exhibited a large bar of gold
and offered it for sale. Ludwig's curiosity
was aroused ' ¦ and \ • he * ' accompanied ¦ the
stranger to the spot and saw .for .himself.
Before recommending a purchase . th©
stranger drilled into the bar in. the pres
ence of the sausage man and had the
drillings assayed. They proved to be fine
gold. When Ludwig gave the Indian $5000
and took the brick to an assay office h©
was Informed that the bulk of his article
was. bell metal' and that holes had been,
drilled and tamped with gold from, which
the bunko man obtained bis sample for
assay, purpose*.
The selling of gold bricks is an old story
and is usually worked on strangers In the
city. A favorite means employed by tho
bunko men is to meet the victim in a ho
tel and engage him in conversation." \\ hile
thus engaged a bearded ' and rough-look
ing individual enters loaded with blan
kets and baggage. He greets the "steerer
and is then introduced to the man who
has been selected to purchase his brick.
The late comer announces that he has Just
arrived • from some mining region and
would like to see the sights. He is in
vited to "do the line," but objects,, after
hesitation, ¦ because, although he has
plenty of gold bars in his luggage, his
purse is slim and he dislikes Imposing on
the hospitality of his friends. All banks
and the mint being closed, he is unable to
convert the bullion into coin until th© fol
lowing day. The "steerer" suggests that
he sell one of his bars at a' liberal dis
count immediately, and he consents to do
so. v The farmer offers to accommodate
him with money, and sometimes has /to
mortgage the farm when he goes back to
the country. . . ; . '.
At length a good hand is dealt the guest
and he is urged by the man who brought
him in to make 'a heavy stake. When he
is raised and his pockets are empty he is
permitted to go to his hotel in company
wtih one of the players to get* more cash
with which to "see" the raise. Ihe hands
have been sealed in envelopes, and when
they are opened the bunKo gentlemen
rai.e in the pot and console the loser.
What is known as three-card "monte"
may be worked in a saloon as well as a
"joint." The steerer meets another of the
gang apparently by chance, who is shuf
fling three cards, two of which are blank
on both sides. The game is to point to
the other card marked on the reverse
side. While the man who is conducting
the game turns his head for an Instant
the "steerer" picks up the desired piece
of cardboard,' and winking his eye turns
up one edge slightly. The farmer intends
to bet on the card thus mutilated, but
when the swindler shuffles the three again
ht deftly straightens out the corner of
the winning card and turns up another
one. In this manner the hoosier is
hoodwinked. The "shell" game, in. which
bets are made that a bean is under a cer
tain shell, is operated in much the same
manner. ' . ;
ately the other two object and a discus
sion ensues. The proposed victim is not
always inclined to play at first, but he
finally accepts the invitation out of cour
tesv. He is "allowed to win a few small
bets, and soon the "steerer," reappearing
on the scene, stands behind him.
The "lock" trick, worked on the streets,
is one of the least troublesome to the
sharpers. The victim Is walking with the
Roulette wheels are controlled either by
the use of brakes or air. If the former is
employed the i operator presses a section
of the floor or table to which a lever Is
attached and the slight pressure makes
the revolving wheel stop at a desired
point. Some gamblers' machines are so
constructed that airholes guard each of
the colors on. which big prizes are paid.
A small rubber bulb is used by the opera
tor In forcing air when he finds that the
little ball is inclined to bounce on an ob
jectionable color or number.
A crucible filled with perhaps amalgam
to. resemble molten meial is in position,
and each time the lever is worked a shin
ing gold piece drops out of the machine.
One of these is given to the would-be pur
chaser, . and when he becomes satisfied
that it can be used as a circulating me
dium he agrees to take a quantity of
them. When he opens the bag supposed
to contain his "treasure he finds in hi3
possession a number of copper cent pieces.
•The coins dropped out of the machine
were genuine and were released by a lit
tle contrivance one at a time.
v A number of swindling ? devices are
manipulated by the force of electricity.
Ibe 'plate" game, by which a man was
recently victimized at the Cliff House, is
controlled by a series of magnets. The
player casts plates and tries to land them
on the surface of others some distance
away. Magnetism causes the metal disks
to fall wide of the mark at which they
are aimed, and hundreds of dollars are
cleaned up by -the operators. A "Tivoli"
baseball table that occupied space In. a
Dupont-street '-joint" was recently con
fiscated by the police. Its surface was
an incline plane dotted with metal pegs.
A ball started rolling at the head of the
table would deposit itself in a pocket at
the lower end. The line of pegs just
above the pockets was on a movable strip
and' could be worked from side to side, so
that the rolling ball would be under the
control of the manipulator. The cash box
was fixed on the side of the table and the
lover operating the portable section of the
table was inside of it. When the game
keeper had occasion to steer the ball lest
it fall into high-priced pockets he pre
tended to be coaming money in the cash
drawer. The movement of the pegs was
so slight that the player could not per
ceive it, and he scarcely divined the ac
tion of the bunko man in placing his hand
in the box. The "smooth" dice box, con
structed with a glazed r interior, is the
means of robbing men at dice, and its
use is not confined to the ring of bunko
men alone.. Faro and draw poker layouts
are also arranged at a disadvantage to
the players."
bpurious coin is ottered to a farmer at
50 cents on the dollar. The victim is led
into the headquarters, where several men
are at work with a small machine. He at
once inquires what they are doing and is
informed that they are manufacturing *5
gold pieces from a substance so closely
resembling gold that the substitution of it
for the genuine article could not be de
tected even by experts.
The "green goods" men dispose' of their
wares by representing that the counterfeit
bills ottered for saie by them are exact
counterparts of the genuine articles. In
proof of this they give the intended buyer
a good bill purporting to be bogus, with
a request that ne get it changed in some
store or, saloon. "When the business man
to whom it is presented makes no protest
the victini is | convinced and a boxful I of
bills at 20 cents on the dollar is -wrapped
up for him. Before the package is deliv
ered, however, another box filled with
sawdust is substituted for it. The victim
fears to report the case to the police,
thinking tha.t he may De liable for deal
ing witn counterfeiters.
• Bogus policemen • often frighten away
the men who have been beaten at tho
game.' Should the victim lose his money
afcards he may be in the act of making
demands for its restoration when the pro
prietor of the place enters without warn
ing. The latter's ire is aroused when* he
discovers that gambling has been Der-
The prisons confine a varied host of law
breakers", but there Is one class of crimi
nals that seldom is forced under their
shelter. The bunko men are often arrest
ed; occasionally arraigned on a felony
charge, but seldom convicted. The set
tlement of cases out of court is responsi
ble for the immunity these felons seem
to enjoy. One of the accomplishments of
the craft is the pacifying of the victim
should he be inclined to invoke the assist
ance of the police in securing retribution.
This aftermath is attended to b.y the
"shadow" * or "trailer," whose duty it Is
to dog the footsteps of the man who has
lost his money and ascertain what action
he contemplates taking. In some cases
the victim never makes a complaint. He
is willing to sacrifice the money for the
experience and say nothing. When the
"shadow" satisfies himself that no trou
ble Is to be made he returns to the head
quarters and prepares for a more vindic
tive customer.
property is returned > to him, bets that
neither of the finders can disjoint the two.
"I'll take you up,", says the steerer.
"My friend here opened them the first
time he tried." ' •¦ • •
The friend believes he has found the
goose that lays the golden eggs, but when
he loses his wager discovers that the bun
ko men used to sets of locks, one of whica
it was impossible to open.
A bunko man, attired as a beggar, walks
along in front of a bevy of fashionably
dressed women and picks up a ring whicn
he himself has dropped. Inside 1 the band
are the characters 1SK. and he at once
stops the women and asks them what the
numbers and letter indicate. When told
that the ring is valuable he makes reply
something like this:
"Well, ladies, a cup of warm coffee
would do me moss good than a chest full
of gold j»i£l now. 1 have not eaten a bite
for two days, and as I need money for
food you may have this article for half
its value." .
The ring, or whatever the piece of Jew
elry may be, is found to be spurious.
"Ringing the boodle" is a game that
brings many complaints to police head
quarters. The victim is Induced to Invest
a certain amount of coin in some proposi
tion with the -"steerer" 'and the joint ap
propriation is placed in a valise. A plan
is adopted by which neither partner can
rob the other by looting the treasury. The
victim is permitted to retain the valise
in his possession, and the bunko* men take
the key. When the latter falls to keep
an appointment on the following day the
victim becomes alarmed and cuts open
the valise. He finds that it contains a
number of iron washers or something that
will make a jingle. The valises were
switched whila ha was dreaming of
wealth.
The most criminal and despicable trick
employed by bunko men is the swindling
of sick persons by bogus physicians. Men
who come from the country in search of
medical treatment are approached by
"steerers" who claim that they have suf
fered from exactly the same ailment as
afflicts them. The name of a physician is
mentioned by the bunko men and the suf
ferer is finally induced to consult him.
The "physician" lightens the patient's
purse, often taking his last dollar, without
bringing him relief. . In many cases lives
are endangered by the neglect of proper
treatment. When the stranger realizes
that he has fallen among thieves his mal
ady has often reached an advanced stago
impossible, of cure.
plained, and the robbery la n«-r«r reported.
If the bogus "policeman" should break
into the house and captura the occupant*
he makes prisoners of them all and la
about to lead the way to the nearest pa
trol box when the "steerer" offer* t»
"squaro" the case. The "ofncer" anally
consents, and many times the victim li
obliged to pay a brib« for each on* of th*
party, his companions pleading poverty,,
Should the shadow be unable to pr«»4«,
the victini from reporting his los»e» to
the real yolice the bunko men pack their
paraphernalia and remain In hiding for a
lew days. Should they by chance fall Into
the clutches of the law the energies ct
the other members of the gang are devot
ed to securing their release from jeopardy.
The "shadow" keeps himself posted oa
the whereabouts of the victim so that ha
may be communicated with at any time*
An appointment Is mada with the latter,
and an "attorney" urges him to withdraw
his prosecution or fail to appear la court
on the date tho case has been set for trial.
The proposition is submitted in this llghtt
"If you prosecute you will only b« de
tained in the city for a long time and re
ceivo unpleasant notoriety. If you leave
town we will furnish you with a Uckst
and return you a portion ot th© nuoiy
you lost.**
The victim, usually a atranrer, to »!a4
to return to his home and at onc» rooog*
nizes the bunKo man's scheme as the
more advantageous for him t© adopt.
When the case ia called In court the •om
plaining witness haa disappeared aad a
dismissal follows. '
The recent escapades or tn© swlndltrt
and the fact that thousands of itnnrari
are about to visit the city during the
period of time the I»Teaident will remala
on the coast have caused Chief of Polio*
Sullivan and Captain Wlttmen t© adopt
stringent measures for th© protection ot
the unwary. Tho officers realize that they
are handicapped by the constant "lauar-
Ing" of cases after arrests have been
made, but their persecution of tho orooks
will be so severe that they will have but
little opportunity to work, their schemos,
Within, the last month Wlttman haa
driven nearly every "sure thing* man un
der cover and few- complaints have been
made. • ¦
Police officers will b© relied upon t© look
out for strangers by warning them when
they are in company with sharpera. For
this purpose Wlttman has overy known
bunko man arrested and brought to head
quarters. He first secures their proto
graphs and then Introduces them to every
policeman In the city. The form of Intro
duction may be to a degree humiliating
to the novices in the business, but th© old
timers feel little embarrassment. The po
licemen are lined up and the bunko men
marched. nv> and down in front of them.
The officers become familiar with their
features, note deformities and prepar©
themselves to recogniz© them at any
place.
Should a policeman see a bunko man la
company with a stranger it Is his duty ta
at once inform the stranger of his danrer.
If the bunko man tarries In any locality
for too long a time he la to be arrested
for vagrancy.
' A list of the well known characters la
San Francisco and their aliases, M pro
pared by Captain Wlttman, is as follows:
Mike Golden, alias Gray: Harry Wal
ters, Charles Adams. Joe Golden.
"Dutchy" Reynolds, Jim Le Strange:
John Donnolly, alias "The Rat"; James
Brown, alias "Horse Face"; William Mo-
Kan alias "Ratsy"; William Wilson, alias
Jackson, alias "Sheeney Kid"; John Fitz
gerald: Alexander Manderse, alias
"Scotch Alex"; Barney Goldstein, alias
Meyers: John Rodgers. alias Jack Shay;
John Foster, alias "The Poundmaster";
Charles Stelson: Frank Lester, alias
"Denver Dope'"; James Donollv; "Big"
Malonav. alias "Th© Irish Farmer" j
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
BEWARE OF PICKPOCKETSearnest desire to see It and asked that
Mr. Andrews be shown up immediately.
It Is needless to- nay that the "Washing
ton chair" followed the willing feet of Its
' owner. General Grant erweted his caller
cordially, Buying he would be glad to have
the honur of sitting In the chair, and In
doing so he placed his hands upon its
arms and sat for several minutes, appa
rently wrapped In deep thought.
.'/George Washington f George Washtng
ton!" .ho suid unuer his breath, looking
leagues and leagues in the distance.
Every one wondered what he was thlnk
iug. but out cf respect for his mood, or
more probably respect for his position, no
one ventured a remark. It is not at all
surprising, however, that, having ranked
as tho greatest general of his day as well
as chief executive of the nation, he should
have felt drawn closely by that Incident
to that other one who had held the same
positions of honor accorded by their coun
trymen. ¦
.When It became Mrs. Grant's turn to try
the chair she took the matter less serious
ly, saying she "Just wanted to see what
it was like."
'General Sherman and his. daughter, who
were - In the party, also availed them
selves of the opportunity.
For the last few years of his life Mr.
Andrews used to- repeatedly express the
wish that President McKlnley would con
fer an honor by adding- hls v name to the
others, but he did not live to see his de
sire fulfilled. Both Mr. and Mrs. Andrews
passed away within a few -hours of each
other, January 11, 1899. The-Chair has since
belonged tp their only daughter, Mrs. A. v
M. Hutchinson, now residing at 112 Fair
Oaks street. San Francisco, and will prob
ably remain in her possession unless a
tempting offer comes from a loverM an
tiquities. '"• The treasure will ' be' returned
to her keeping after the President has
paid his visit to San Francisco. ¦ ' - -
while crossing the plains. Mr. Andrews
took off the old. flint lock years ago, re
placing It with a modern one, and used'
the gun himself In those early days when
guns wero as necessary to Callfornlans as
the air they breathed.
- Then there . was a checkerboard made
of wood from Napoleon's grave «.t St.
Helena and wood from' the old irigato
Constitution; also'a cane made from. oak
in the old witch house at Salem, Mass.,
besides many other curios, all of which
madu a visit -to the Andrews well .worth
while. ' - — • ¦ . ¦.¦>.-
Among the well known people who sat
in the tamous cnair at Bohnad are: Gov
ernor Stanford, Supreme Judge Thornton,
Right [ Kev. William. Ingraham Kip,
Bishop of Northern . California r Governor
George C. Porklns, • Sacramento; ¦ Right
K»T. ¦' Wliliam F. Nichols, present Bishop
of Northern California ; Senator Sharon ;
General John P. Miller. U. 8. A.. Ban
l-^rancisco ; ex-Mayor Bryant ; Rev. John
Hemphill. San Francisco; Rev. William C.
Pond. " pastor of , Bethany Congregational
Church, San Francisco; Rev. William
.Woodward,- present '.pastor* of Methodist
church, San Francisco. .
When General O. S. Grant came to San
Francisco in 1879 Mr. Andrews wished him.
to sit In the chair. To accomplish this the
owner decided to take It to the Palace Ho
tel, where the ex-Preaident and his party
wero stopping. To trust his prise in the
careless hands of an expressman was not
to be thought of for a moment by Mr.
AndrowB. He therefore took the: chair
himself with - horse and wagon over the
long and dangerous road from Bolinas to
San Francisco Bay and thence to the city
by ferry, :¦ arriving in San • Francisco on
September 30. - -
No sooner did General Grant hear of the
historical chair than he expressed an
and, ono who hnd much of patriotism and,
an Mr. Ward know this bettor than nny
ono nlse.-he probably thought his friend
would treasure the remembrnnce.
The chulr ngnln changed hands- when
Mr, Bpcnccr decided to ruturn to linglnnd
In 1820. it being presented to William
Mlcklefield and consequently removed to
tho Micklefleld mansion Juut opposlto the
Joshua Ward hou»c.
When Mr. Micklenold died in- 1<40 the
chair passed to his eldest daughter and
was preserved by her In the Mlcklefield
mansion until her death In 1870,' nt which
time th&' chair was Bent to her sister'*
husband in California. William O. An-'
drows. It was shipped west In a little
sailing vessel around Capo Horn, early In
the seventies and reached Its destination
without n scratch.
For nearly thirty years Mr. Andrews
treasured tho historical relic >ln his pic
turesque home at Bollnaa. Being a lover
of curios, he filled his house with inter
esting things, .but in the foreground ho
always 1 kept. the Washington chair. He
always took pride In having a silk Amer
ican flag draped on the back-the flag for
which we are indebted to this splendid
general. No article in the room was dust
ed withi quite the care and precision given
to this particular piece of furniture.
The little ' town of Bolinas is scattered
along the smooth beach. of the great Pa
cific In such a free and happy sort of way
that it has become an ideal resort for
those who love the sea. As the different
people come, and go from year to year
they* learn of the •„ ".Washington chair,"
which has . become quite a landmark In
Marln County. U For years people ', visited,
the Andrews house to see the chair, and
were always \ well entertained. Mr. An
drews was a capital story-tellor. while his
wife took great pleasure in showing the
valuable relics In her sweet, modeat way.
Among other interesting things was ? a
huge, gun which ¦ Mr. Andrews' grand
father carried all through the Revolution
ary War. .. It was a' clumsy weapon, over
six • feet long, so , that - the grandfather
needed to bo of very good slaehimself to
fight with It. : This gun also went through
the war of , 1812 with Mr. Andrews' uncle,
who afterward brought It West with, him,'
using it to defend himself against Indians
PRESIDENT MC'KINLEY IS TO USE THE CHAIR
OF GEORGE WASHINGTON DURING HIS
STAY IN SAN FRANCISCO
PRESIDENT McKIN'LET'B visit to
San Francisco will not consist sole
ly ot banquets and bows. To be
sure, there must be fetes in his
honor and bows in return, but tn«>
kind heart of the irreat executive had
been made manifest by his readiness to do
a gervlct for others— a service that cannot
add to his purse or his plaudits, but a
consldera-tlon simply to gratify an old
man's whim that the President shall sit
in his old, historic < hnlr. which hns been
used by Oeorgt Washington and other
, great men.
The invitation did not go to the White
House engraved on a pinto of solid gold
and borne specially by somo prominent
representative of Ban Francisco. It whs
merely a brief note of request carried by
Undo Bom in the usual way and subse
quently laid upon tho President's de»k by
his necrptary. There was no pull, no
pressure brought to bear, making It In
cumbent upon our country's ruler to be
gracious, but a clroplo explanation thnt
there is in Ban Francisco a very old chair
of George Washington's which has also
been occupied by other great men, and
that it was the earnest wish of the old
man who guarded It his entire life-time
that Freslfl*nt McIClnley should confer a
similar hotTor.
There was no formal reply that the
President had already accepted a suffi
cient number of invitations, but would
take the matter under advisement, as he
has a way of doing when asked to attend
banquets. There was no delay, no hesita
tion, but a prompt rcsponso to Indicate
his pleasure in complying.
For the convenience of the President
the chair has been Bent to the residence
of Mrs. George E. Morse, 1378' Fell street,
where Mrs. Morse Is to entertain her dis
tinguished uncle. ;
A-side from being historically interest
ing, the chair Is a work of art It Is of
rarest mahogany through and through,
rt<a!icately carved by/ hand, and uphol
stered with black satin haircloth, the seat
being outlined with dozens of ornamental
brass-headed tacks. The beauty of Its
wood and the fineness of Its carvings are
a credit to the cabinet-maker of two cen
turies ago, and would certainly tax the
wits of our modern manufacturers. It
does not in any way resemble the huge
armchair which Long-fellow's children had
made for him out of the "spreading chest
nut tree" he had loved so well. There is
nothing massive about this chair Of
Washington's, which suggests the Louis
XIV style of furniture; in fact, It looks
so frail that we wonder if it has not
groaned under the weight of years or
creaked with the weight of Presidents.
But the chair is as strong- to-day as it
ever was, and promises to stand pat for
several centuries more.
General Washington -used this chair
whilo vJMting at the Jonhua Ward man
sion in Salom, Mann. This %vos the Presi
dent's memorably vlolt to Bulcm In 17S0.
In a vory old copy of tho Salem Ob
server may bo found some particular* of
Waphlngton's arrival In that city on that
oceuslon. Thla account omphuHUes tho
importance of tho event to the pooplo of
Hnl. -in: .
"Soon after 2 o'clock on the aftornoon
or ThurwlHy, October 29, 1789, Oenornl
Wn«hliiRion nrrlvcil In Halem. No man
fv.T sat foot in this region who has tilled
¦o lnrc«- n pliuf In the world's history,
and it I* well to recall the Instanco of his
visit. General Washington «*nti«rt>d tho
town on hnrsclinl'k from ' Marblchcad,
where he hud lunched. He hnd left 2'fos
ton curly tlmt morning In his traveling
carriage, lumo enough to' accommodate,
besides hiniHi if, his trusted secretary,
Mnj.ir JarkFon; his trusted friend, Gen«
«ral Knox.ntid pofislbly an aid. Jlln ex
ter.&lvc* I'MiiipiiRo tilled a baggage wagon
In which rode sovcifll nenro servants, and
the famous white charger, ridden by a
black boy. murched behind whon he was
not on duty with tho President In tho
saddle, |n acknowledging an ofllclnl recep
tion, or reviewing a parade, or entering
places of the first consequence.
"The Joshua Ward house was probably
as eligible a mansion for tho entertaining
of such a guest as tho town afforded. It
had been erected between August 11, 1781,
and August 8. 1785, with bricks Imported
from England for the* purpose, and stood
low, with the open terraced approach In
front of the two great trees, one of which
Still survives. \The Neal house 'was not
then built." - } •
Tho chamber occupied by Washington
was on the northeastern corner and for a
century afterward this room in the Joshua
Ward house remained a point of histori
cal interest. --'
Among the surviving records -of that
memorable day of President Washington's
entrance Into Salem, the greeting of AJr.
Northey, the Quaker leader, stands out
most strikingly. Nothing seems to hav*
pleased more than the plain and hearty
manner in which this chosen representa
tive of the Society of Friends received the
honored President. ¦ In presenting Wash
ington to the selectmen Mr. Northey took
the President by the hand and remained
covered while he said:
"Friend Washington, we are glad to see
thce, and in behalf of the inhabitants
bid the© a hearty welcome to Salem."
To-day it would surprise some of us to
see b. citizen present our country's ruler
to an audience without removing his own
hat, but the good Quaker wa3 far too
steadfast- to change the customs of his
brotherhood and we can well afford to
add that he had far too honest a heart
to be misunderstood by so good and great
a man as George Washington.
Tho Independent Salem Cndets enjoyed
the honor of escorting General Washing
ton In Salem and listened, to words of high
commendation from his awn lips. Ilcfor-
ence to this occasion may still be found on
a yellowed page In their treasured orderly
book, reading as follows:
During President -.Washington's visit to
Salem he was so loved and lauded by the
inhabitants of the town and regarded with
an admiration, and respect so profound
that' they flocked to' the Joshua Ward
house to pay some tribute of their devo
tion. For weeks after his departure the
people visited the mansion, many, of them
kissing tho doorlatch" Washington had
touched. The enthusiastic visitors devised
every scheme to set Into the guest cham
ber that had given their hero rest— "Rest
that knits up the raveled sleeve of care."
The old Salem residents of. to-day, sit
ting around their firesides, talk over this
visit of Washington's and some of them
produce, with a great deal of pride, a bit
of tho bed curtain which a grandfather
once stealthily , clipped from, the great
general's couch . of slumber, j One family
even boasts of & pillow case which, even
If procured by unfair, means according to
the common law, is no less dear to their
patriotic hearts. . . . .
It is not surprising, then, that the loyal
hearted Joshua Ward treasured the fa^
.vorltc chair, of his distinguished guesti
He knew, so well Washington's , remark
able character and also his brilliant career
i. j a general that he revered everything
about the house which his honored friend
had touched. ... V
With all of : Mr. Ward's devotion to
Washington there was no selfishness and
after a time ha presented the valued chair
to a William Spencer, who had long been a
faithful friend of the family. Mr. Ward's
reason for offering: such " a' gift to % Mr.
T3pencer was never made known to the in
quiring public' Mr. Spencer was said to
be a man of very fine nature, ; however,
ington'3 stepson, wooed and won Miss
Eleanore Calvert.
In the east drawing room tha walls
were once entirely covered with a water
color painting of a fax chase, executed by
an artist whose name It Is impossible to
discover.- This also was painted over dur
ing the reconstruction, and the mirrors
which originally covered the walls in tha
west room have also been removed. Each
of these rooms contained a beautifully
carved mantel-board of Italian marble,
one of which was recently sold for $5000.
¦ The remainder of the first floor Is taken
up by the kitchens, dining- room, library,
and storerooms, with the exception of tha
portion occupied by tho plate vault— one
of the most, interesting points of the old
place. The Iron doors of«this strong room
had ttct been opened for generations,
when a tenant, in order to secure more
room, had 'one of them removed and a
portion of the wall torn down.
In 'removing the masonry, many old and
valuable papers were discovered. Among
others, a commission signed" by George
III appointing Bennet Calvert, father of
the sixth Lord Baltimore, revenue col
lector in the Province of Prince George,
not/ Prince George County, Maryland.
There were also autograph letters of
Henry Clay and George Calvert.
A wide staircase, with mahogany newel
post, leads to the second floor, where are
the rooms In the old days set apart for
the use ot Henry Clay, Daniel Webster,
and General Washington, all close friends
of George Calvert. In one room Is a
chair used by Clay, and also a cedar-lined
wardrobe, In which It Is said the famous
statesman used to hang hta long-tailed
coat, satin vest and knee breeches. Tho
rooms of Wnehlngton and Webster are
bare of furniture and are uninteresting
save for their historic associations.
TJe:U comes the garret— the very naras
suggests mystery I The visitor reaches It
by a narrow, creaky stair, and In the dim
half-light beholds hair trunks. Iron and
brass bound cheats, and boxes n ; all
kind* plied nigh on every side. What a
treat It would bo to delve Into this store
of ancient' papers, utensils and clothing,
with their memories of lone &fo! : But,
nlnf, many of the boxes have be«n de
spoiled of their contents by unscrupulous
relic hunters, and those which still retain
their treasures are kept securely locked.
Originally a bell hung in the cupola, but
lomtt year* ago this wai - presented by
Mrs. Gordon to the Catholic Colh-s© at
Georgetown, and Us deep voice, which
once called the slaves from the fields, now
sounds each hour from. th« tall spire oC
the University. The old bell was present
ed to Mr. Calvert In 1814 by friends in
Home, and was blessed by the Pope be
fore being sent to this country.
The house contains forty rooms, includ
ing the wine vaults and store- rooms in
tha cellar, and many extensive house
parties and dances* have been given in tha
old mansion by the various colonial and
historical clubs of Washington. In tha
rear, a porch paved with marble tiles
runs the entire length of the main portion
of the house, and from this can be seen
the lake, on an island in the center of
which are the ruins of a summer house.
Here Henry Clay drafted the famous Mis
souri compromise. The pillars which sup
port the roof of the porch were originally
made for the Capitol, but were. sold to
Mr. Calvert when It was discovered that
they were too short
From near the house the mock-orange
bordered drive— a veritable lovers* lane
leads to - the large octagonal barn aoma
distance away to the.' east, and on a hill
In the opposite -direction Is the family
burying ground. Here are the tombs of
George Calvert and his wife, with the
graves of four children who died In in
fancy.
- The original grant Included many thou
sands of acres, hut the estato has now
dwindled to a mere plat of ground, and
ere the mansion gives place to some lesa
antique . and - more rentable building, it
would be well for some historical societ/
to purchase and preserve it.
ter a host of younjr folks, most of whom
had com© over from Annapolis and Bla
denshurg to the assemblies. The walls
of the ballroom are arched panels, each
• Of which once contained an oil painting,
but during the period when the house wag
unoccupied these were so much damaged
that they were painted over. The walis
are now a rich olive green and form a
pleasing contrast with the white wood-,
work; elaborately carved and stuccoed.
From the ballroom two. door3 ot^aolld
mahogany lead Into the feast and west
drawing- rooms and It wafe in the latter
that John Parke Custis, George Wash-
OF the many historical landmarks
which surround Washington. D. C.,
the old Calvert mansion at IUv
er&dale. Md.. Is perhaps ihe most
interesting.
At present the place Is in good repair,
but within the pant twelve year* the old
house, once the shelter of such acted men
ts George Washington. Henry Clay and
Daniel Webster, was In the last *tn*e» ot
decay. The large garden*. In which tho
famous "Calvert oleandcru" once bloomed,
were oversrown with rank weeds; tho
stono gateposts and outbuildings were
mossgrown and toppling and the mock
orance hedges bordering the path to tho
barn w*r« but a tangled wilderness.
The Interior of the house had benn al
lowed to run Into the eninu state of dlliip-
Idatlon. The oaken floors were covered
with the dead leaves of autumn, blown In
nt the broken windows, and the old ma
hogany furniture was warped nnd twlet
r-d by tbi damp. The entire place would
have lore *!nce cone to ruin Jiod not Mr*.
F. K. Gordon of Wnrhlnston purchased
the house a few yearn ago and restoK-d
It nomcwhat to Kb original condition.
There If no authentic statement as to
the exact nge <>f the building, some giving
the date of construction as 1760 and nth.ua
placing It rs lKte as 1832. It is saffl to
cay, however, that it was built In the
latter part of the eighteenth centurv.
The architect and original owner, to
whom the land was granted by George
III. was Henry Stler, an exile from Ant
werp. Ke snared no expense «o make
the place the equal of any in the colonies,
bringing decorators and sculptors from his
native country to beautify the mansion.
The material, including a larce part of
the lumber, was brought from England
and landed at St. Mary's City, Md., where
it was loaded on ox carts and hauled J12
miles to Riversdale. The entire cost of
construction was 524S.OOO.
The place came into the possession of
the Calverts when George Calvert. grand-
Fon of the sixth Lord Baltimore, married
Rosalie Eugenia Stior, a daughter of the
builder.
The exterior of the house is exceedingly
imposing. It is a long, low building, with
a large wing at either end, and follows
tlie general plan of latter eighteenth cen
tury architecture. An oak shaded drive,
passing the main entrance, Incloses a cir
cular lawn. In the center of which are
the remains of a once beautiful fountain.
Guarding the front porch is an nld rust
eaten cannon, at one time used on a
British frigate, wrecked in the Potomac
during the Revolution. It was ratseu
from the river bed and presented to Lord
Baltimore by the monks of St. Mary's.
The front floors, of English oak, open
into a large hallway, from the opposite
side of which folding doors lead into the
spacious ballroom, where in the colonial
days satin-clothed and lace-bedecked
macaronies led trim Maryland damsels
through the stately minuet or rollicking
Virginia reel. Sometimes dances were
given on several successive nights and
often the old house was reauired to shel-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
THE
STORY
OF THE
MOST HISTORIC
HOUSE IN
WASHINGTON
D.C.
"SACniSD TO THIS MEMORY
OF THM 20TH OK OCTOniflH.lTW.
¦ "Ho It remembered that on thn
20th of October, 1789, the Inde
jiputinnt Salem Cadets noted its
nonnmry escort to tho first Presi
dent of Hit' United Ht.'itc.i of
Amorlcn, (Jeorgo Washington K«
qulrn, nt hi* introduction to tho
town of Hnlem nmld tho acclama
tions of an Milmtilnn »nd grateful
multitude.
"Let It bo Indelibly engraved on
tho heart of every Independent
Hitlcm Cadet who bora arm* nn
that nusplclous day wlinn the
nmrtlul appearance and soldierly
conduct of thn corpw ttttraotod tho
notion and received tho nppt-utin
tlon of the grentest general the
world ever know." . •m wmmAi oawu
12Continued on Page ~ Fifteen,
PACIFIC GROVE,. May U.-At the
entrance to - Pacing Grove h the
President"' was. met by a number
"of the members of .the, -reception.
. committee, who escorted him in a
• . : circuitous route'; through; several
streets' to the assembly hall: • This was
done to avoid .the. immense crowd as
sembled in the main- streets, and to save
tiroe.jlAt El Cafmelo Park he was greeted
by -the ' children v of j Pacific " Grove, . who,'
dressed entirely .in white - and carrying
smaliflags, sang "The Star-spangled. Ban
ner" and strewed flowers j along, the '.way
over which he passed.' Hearty cheers and
a great fluttering, of -handkerchiefs' greet-,
edhlm'at every step' of the way through
the 'little cityj, and ,. when . he" finally
emerged from the assembly, hall, where
Veterans Cheer
President 0f
the United
States.
¦jra #y ONTEREY; May 1L— All was in
Ijk /S readiness ' for his ¦ reception
I Wkl m when the President entered the
; I ' W ' H old town of Monterey and the
I — , s » J*- first capital of. the State was
:. £¦¦«-, in gala attire to ' welcome "Her
distinguished . guest.- , Well ,nlgh .every
house along the route — and-.many-so"re
mote that there was no possibility of any
of the Presidential party catching sight
of .them— was. gay", with streamers and all !
sorts of arrangements of bunting in "the
national colors and specimens of Old
Glory, from tiny banners to battle scarred
flags that] had seen j service as far .back
as the Mexican war. The "streets were
full of people 'of the town itself, and all
the surrounding colintry. eager to see: and
hear the President,' and; a' most .enthusi
astic reception was accorded him all
along the route. / ':
Entering Taylor street, - he was driven
past the old 'Washington. Hotel,'; once, the
rendezvous of the ; fashionables of Cali
fornia, and across the old Spanish plaza
into Alvarado street. Here \ 500 children
from the Monterey schools met him -and
passed down the street ahead of his car
riage, throwing flowers^ in his path.
On arriving at the cypress arch. he was
accorded the official welcome to the old
town by, the citizen's reception'- co'mmlttee,
at the head of which was Mayor" R. F.
Johnson. /The j'Mayor 'spoke briefly' in
greeting in. .behalf /of. the. city. He, said:
. . .. Talk's to the Children. ,. .. - : .'.¦'
,The President responded with' great cor
diality, ¦ speaking from a' raised • platform
at the sideof the arch. He said: '
•" My.fellow citizens: ' It .gives me very great
pleasure to .receive .the words "of 'welcome on
behalf of this' people,' so -heartily expressed by,
yiur honorable" May of. I am glad to stand in
this 'memorable i city. This is indeed .. historic
ground. '¦' This i' quaint:' eld town of .toil and
traffic," of traditions and of history,, is roost. in-.
terestlng ; to your.;fellow countrymen generally,
and' is especially interesting to me.- I. am 'clad
to be welcomed not. only by the people at large,
but ;to| receive the' greeting of ' the school ¦ chil
dren of ,thls community. ' It will only v be v a little
while .till : the "older^ of ! us ; shall have 'passed
awayj,;. and^ then' must -rest upon . these ' school
children now gathered around me the response
blllty of ¦ the '. home; of : the • community, '1 of • the
state,.' and: the . graye - responsibilities of ;, the
-, -: ... :. ¦.- /--.. . . , .. . .
I ¦:. -\ : " < : ¦ . ¦'¦¦" - • • .
:' STOCKTON, May 11.— The President ar
rives'', here, at 1:15 and leaves at 3:15. May
20.7 He will not leave the carriage during,
his "two; hours'.: stay-in Stockton. 'After
the. President is informally greeted at the
depot he twill with the other members of
his i party be. escorted, to the ¦"carriages la
"waiting and, accompanied. by ; an escort of
G. A. R. men and . fraternal ¦ organizations
k«M ¦**• "fT*'iT1»-f^BM*gHIIWttMFarfWl¥TrinHV Trjffiir^niT~rnr c~CT
Do /'Any Handshaking
¦/Expected to Speak. -'or.-, to
President ¦¦• Will Not Be
.TWO HOURS' , DRIVE !
; <;. ABOUT; STOCKTON.
nation. I am glad to know that there Is "no
community anywhere beneath our flag where
the humblest' child cannot receive an education
to fit him for the responsibilities and duties of
life. (Applause.) That Is our chief joy; that
Is our chief satisfaction; aye, it Is -the very
bulwark of our strength and our greatest se
curity. ¦ ¦ ¦ : ' ¦
. The poorest boy or girl In the United States
has every door of opportunity opened- to him or
her. ," (Applause.) The j humblest In the town
of Monterey to-day, with Integrity and indus
try, -taking .advantage ; of those opportunities
thati are furnished ; him by the State, may
reach not only ( the important places in the busi
ness world, , but: the. highest, place within the
gift j of the government of the United States;
(Applause.)
¦Thank God, .-we have ,no classes In the United
States (applause), ¦ and we have no platform
except our country and our constitution. (Ap
plause and cries of .'•Good!'.') -We may differ
about, local things; we may differ about public
pollcies;_ but we never differ In any Interna
tional contest. ¦ There we are united, irl thank
you for this greeting, Mr. Mayor and all , my
fellow "citizens, and bid you good morning.
(Continued "applause.)
i A pretty ineldent of the Monterey wel
come was-the eager manner in which the
children gathered around his carriage. He
was very much pleased with this tribute
aSid addressed most of his brief talk to
them.; Entering, his carriage again,, he
was driven past. Monterey's custom house
and Pacific* Grove. He was kept
constantly .'doffing his hat ii> response to
greetings all • the 'way- through the
town, v ' .. : • ¦_ <
To-morrow will be. a period of rest for
all.. The President will attend the Meth
odist church at Pacific Grove, but he will
take no part in any function.
. In the back seat with the. President was
Henry ,T. I Scott and : in front with the
driver was Foster, the Chief of the Secret
Service, and a member, of ;the. President's
party. They whisked through Monterey
and on up the drive through the Del
Monte grounds, around to the rear en
trance again, where^ President McKinley
sprang out and at once disappeared in the
hotel. . ;
; Then; the. reason for. all the ' hurry -be
came apparent.' j ¦ Few .'< ¦¦ recognized ¦' the
President, but frequently he bowed and
raised his hat to knots of people, who
nodded; to the four In the flying rig, per
haps because they looked like strangers,
and learned It was, McKinley only after
recognizing.- too late, the now familiar
features. \ . •• - 1 ¦ * ; ¦ -,.
The seventeen-mile . drive was' next in
order, the President's/ carriage : going
down Forest avenue- and traveling very
rapidly. Th*e "drive" had been closed,
but the gates are at the end of Forrest
avenue and there .was nothing to prevent
people following down that way at least
as far as the gates. The Tcnnant Home
for Aged People is on the avenue and the.
inmates were lined un in front to give
greeting- to the President,"' whlch~:he. ac
knowledged with more than usual cordial
ity. These were the last of the people of
Pacific Grove to see the President, for
soon afterward, while the President's
party went on down the drive, a red
wheeled surrey,- and the best team from
the Del Monte?. Hotel was speeding Mc-
Kinley back to where his wife lay ill.
Hastens to His Wife's Side.
From Monterey he was driven to Pacific
Grove, where, while the rest of. the party
drove. bravely through the crowd to the
front entrance of the veterans' meeting
place, he was, driven' to a side entrance
and was in before any one knew it. After
the exercises the President was escorted
by the veterans to his carriage and after
driving to the corner of Franklin and AI
varado streets his carriage was -stopped
and he spoke to the people, who by this
time Imd blocked both thoroughfares.
terey, welcomed him.' Then the President
addressed the people, principally the chil
dren. ' .
The 17-mile drive was scheduled _or the
forenoon, but on account' of Mrs. McKin
ley's weakness It was postponed until the
afternoon and the President remained
quietly in the Jiotel until after luncheon.
At half-past 1 o'clock the party started
for Monterey, where the people, *rere on
tiptoe with expectation/The President
was guided through the streets of the old
town, through*, lines'' of singins scbcol
children and over the mass of flowers
which the'y had thrown in his path, and
to the old Spanish plaza, where m the
shadow of the flag that fluttered over
him R. F. Johnson," the Mayor of "Mon-
It was nearly 11 o'clock this morning be
fore President McKinley and his party
left the train, which had been standing on
the siding at Del Monte from 2 o'clock
in the morning. There was a crowd at the
station— not so large as at some places,
but it Included everybody— and it cheered
the man of the hour as he appeared. Mrs.
McKinley was with him, leaning on his
arm. for she had again weakened and
could hardly walk. He supported her to
the carriage and they were driven rap
idly to the side entrance of the hctel.
avoiding the people who had reached the
porch by short cuts from the station. The
President and. Mrs. McKinley (went at
once to their rooms.
At Hotel Del Monte.
The platform from which he spoke was
decorated with flags and shields, and In
the posts of honor around him were the
higher officers of the Grand Army and
the older soldiers. One man, "Comrade"
Hubbard. was in the regiment in which
McKinley shouldered his musket and
marched to the front. Outside of the hall
the entrances were guarded bv the vet
erans, who, with rifies of forty years ago.
walked their posts as they did in the old
war days. His meeting the veterans makes
an epoch In his tour of the nation. . .
In all he spoke not more than fifteen
minutes, but the sentiment of the meeting
crowded more fnto those few words than
was contained in any he had previously
uttered.
saved," and there was more when he re
ferred to the passing of the veterans and
the duty of loyalty which they passed on
to their sons. ,
TACOMA, May 1L— Tacoma and Seattla
committees having in charge the enter
tainment of President McKinley on Puget
Sound are anxiously awaiting the return
of^ Senator Foster from the East that h»
may assist, in pacifying the citizens of
Port Townsend, Whatcom and Everett,
who are displeased because the President
is not' likely to visit these towns,
i The President's party will a rrive here
May 23 and will be entertained In Taco
ma that day. The towns named are so
anxious to see the 'President that arrange
ments are partially made for the party to
travel by* steamer at night from Tacoma
to { Whatcom. returning to Seattle next
day via Port Townsend and Everett. Sec
retary Cortelyou has wired that ..his plan
Is ,"not wholly satisfactory because the
President . and party wish to rest that
night. * Seattle now demands that its com
mittee take charge of the party when}
their reception in Tacoma ends. This
course, will result In cutting oat the
Lower Sound towns. Senator Foster must
decide which plan shall be adopted.
, Public Reception Postponed.
. Owing to the fact that the Ohio Congres
sional j delegation had made previous ar
rangements for visiting San Jose on Mon
day the reception which was to have beea
tendered to them by the Merchants' Asso
ciation has been postponed. The meeting:
was intended to give the visiting states
men an . opportunity to acquaint them
selves with the commercial needs or tUi
Pacific Coast. -' - .
and Everett People In
sist on Presidential Visit
PortTownsend,Whateorn
CITIES OP SOUND
_ IN CONTROVERSY
"the column of carriages will move slowly
through the. business section. The
Knights of Pythias will be gathering at
the. time- for a session of the Grand Lodge
and the Uniform Rank will probably turn
ouf strong;" On reaching Matn and El
Dorado streets the marching columns will
pass through the residence portion of the
city. The -Asylum grounds will be " tra
versed. A big manufactory of combined
harvesters will have one of the bfj» ma
chines In operation at some point on tha
route. • '. • .
• The President will have a restful drlva
and will; not -be called upon to do any
handshaking or speechmakln.e: unless ha
should choose to address a few words to
the school children, who will be assem
bled in parks along the route. Decorations
¦will bo mostly . confines to a liberal dis
play of flags.
1-^ EL MONTE, May 11.— There was
\ a three-cornered reception to the
1 President to-day, starting in Del
f Monte and ending in Pacific
"^ Grove, ¦where he spoke to his old
comrades in arms the veterans
Cf the Grand Army of the Republic. At
each place there was enthusiasm, the
•waving of flags*, the cheering: of thousands
e.nd all the excitement of a Presidential
visit, but at Pacific Grove there was a
touch of sentiment absent from every
place he has visited and which will be re
peated at no place to which he will go.
When the President stood before the
people gathered in the assembly hall at
Pacific Grove he looked at men who wore
the same blue in which he first served his
country. None of them were young, and
fome were bent and halting and McKin
ley stood among them perhaps the most
youthful of them all; but when he spoke
he brought them back to the times when
the uniform meant more than a State en
campment at Pacific Grove, and to be a
nan of the Grand Army required nerve
as well as patriotism, and cost more than
the price of a rifle or a sword.
Pathetic Words to Veterans.
It was a beautiful speech that the Pres
ident made to his old comrades, pathetic,
patriotic and replete with sentiments of
reveranre for the flag and tender as a lov
ing memory. As he spoke no one thought
of him as the President; no one looked
¦upon him as the man who won his straps
by the steadiness of his rifle and the edge
of his sword: no one considered him a vis
itor from the other side' of a country he
had helped to keep strong and undivided.
They listened as to a loved comrade
who. after an absence, had come among
them again, and it ¦was that- sentiment
that guided thf President's words. He
ppoke with intense feeling, low and clear
ly as always, but with a suppressed fer
vor that sometimes showed Itself In' a
flutter of emotion in his voice, and a
rhoking in hi* throat. He was seldom in
terrupted by applause, but sometimes it
would come, and then it was of the kind
that comes more from the heart than
from the head or hands; that brings the
tear sooned than the smile and dwells In
the irenrpry after all else has faded.
President McKInley spoke truly when
he eald: "'Nowhere in my travels have I
been in such clo?e heart touch with the
men with whom I kept step from "Cl to
'fS." and the applause which followed
showed that his comrades, too, felt the
fellowship and were grateful for It. There
was more applause when he declared,
"The Union which you saved must be kept
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 163.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, : MAY 12^- ' -fi HIRTY-SIX; PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
Pases 13 to 24
Pages 13 to 24
PRESIDENT McKINLEY MINGLES WITH FORMER COMRADES IN ARMS
AT THE GRAND ARMY ENCAMPMENT IN PACIFIC GROVE AND LOOKS
UPON HISTORIC MONTEREY'S QUAINT AND PICTURESQUE LANDMARKS
Distinguished Guest Is Introduced
to Old Soldiers Simply as
"Comrade McKinleY."
California 's First CapitaL GaY With
Decorations and Vociferous
in Its Greeting.May Reclaim Zuyder Zee Land.
THE HAGUE, May 11.— The Government
has • introduced a bill in Parliament for
the reclaiming of 113,666 acres from the
Zuyder Zee at an estimated cost of 95,000,
000 florins. The scheme • will add -2,000,000
florins, to the budget' annually for the next
fifty years.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 11.— The fol
lowing ukase was issued to-day: • ¦•'^%l
"The Minister of Finance, in order to
restore the treasury advances to railway
companies in 1900 and to meet the expend
itures for the current year, has authorized
the issue of a loan to the nominal amount
of 424,000,000 francs, to be called the Rus
sian 4 per cent consolidation rente. The
value of the bonds will be 500, 2500 and
12,500 francs. The 500 francs are equiva
lent to 187% rubles, 404 marks, £19, 15s 6d
sterling and $96 50.- The interest is payable
quarterly, beginning June 1. The bonds
will not be redeemable before January 14,
I960.' They are free of all Russian taxes."
"rV'i"*'-* "\--~ * "
Suffrage Decisions in Norway.
CHRISTIANIA, Norway, May 11.— The
Odelsthing (Lower House of the Noc
wgian Parliament) to-day adopted . by - a
vote of 48 to 36 a bill introducing universal
communal male suffrage, and by 68 to 17
votes • adopted a bill providing communal
suffrage for women paying taxes on an in
come of at least 300 crowns.
Ukase Announces That the Money Is
r - '-'¦'{'¦ Needed to Restore Advances • • '
to Railways.
BTJSSIA AUTHORIZES
ANOTHER NEW 1.6 AN
WASHINGTON, May 11.— There is a dis
position on the part of administration offi
cials to sympathize with Turkey in her
objection to foreign postofflces in Con
stantinople. ¦ •
The foreign mail. It Is pointed out, is
now sent through either the British or
French postofflces and sometimes through
the Austrian postofflce. The maintenance
of postofflces by the powers, while In de
rogation of Turkish sovereignty, grew out
of a suspicion entertained toward the
Porte that official mail would be opened in
transit So far as known by the State De
partment Lelschman, the American rep
resentative at Constantinople, has. not
Joined with the European representatives
in the note to the Porte declining to sup
press the foreign postofflces, nor has he
asked for instructions. Turkish postal fa
cilities have greatly improved- in recent
years, and officials say they wold be quite
¦willing to trust the American official mall
to the Turks.
the fruit is not- that which Germans an
ticipated.
ST. PAUL, Minn., May 11.— A letter was
received here Friday giving some* inside
history of the struggle for the Northern
Pacific control by;the Harriman interests
on one side and the Hill-Morgan syndicate
On the other. The letter Is a confidential
one from one of the, parties to the strug
gle and It appears that the cupidity of. a
Northern Pacific stockholder in the Hill
combine was responsible for' the great
Have Been Sold.
Blocks of the Sill Shares Said to
INSIDERS LET OUT STOCK.
EMBASSADORS SEVER RELATIONS
WITH THE SULTAN OF TURKEY
CONSTANTINOPLE. Friday, May 10.—
A third note, evidently emanating direct
from the Sultan, was delivered to-day to
the Embassadors, demanding In peremp
tory language the immediate suppression
of the foreign postofflces, and reiterating
the charges of smuggling against foreign
officials. The Embassadors immediately
returned the note to the Porte, thus creat
ing partial cessation of relations between
embassies and the Turkish Government
ST. PETERSBURG, May 1L— The post
office troubles at Constantinople, like the
Turkish mission to China, are here attrib
uted to the meddlesome policy of Ger
many. The Novoe Vremya echoes this
sentiment, and says that Germany's pol
icy consists of foolish and persistent flat
tery of the Sultan. The Innumerable mo
tiveless telegrams sent from Berlin, those
crowns placed on Saladin's tomb, and
those fountains for the satisfaction of
"the faithful" are all bearing fruit, but
f .."No, I have nothing to say on the sub
ject .whatever." ¦ ti ';<-¦.¦.¦¦. ;
"Does: the firm of f Kuhn; -Loeb f& .Co.^
still maintain that it has . control \ofi the
Northern Pacific?" was asked: ;/- > it{
'.'We reiterate every assertion wlth'posl
tlyeness that we- have - control •*; of • the
Northern Pacific,", continued- Kuhn. '=."r' :
; PARIS, 1 May .11-— J. , Pierponf Morgan
refuses to be seenior reply to notes sent
him, - He will go to London to-morrow,
and it was understood yesterday that , he
, would take 'the first steamer from iEng
land for the United States, but this morn
ing he told a friend that he hopes'-, to be
able to avoid the necessity of his depart
ure for home and to return to. Paris for
an audience- with President Loubet in' a
few days. -. - ; .
"Would Be Different in Prance.'
PARIS,';' May \ 1L— The occurrences and
Incidents , in*:. Wall street are attracting
much attention here. The Courier du
Soir, commenting upon what might hap
pen if such a financial crisis occurred in
France, says:
"We should have had panics, catastro
phes, the collapse of state rentes, sui
cides, street riots, a Ministerial crisis and
violent attacks upon foreigners all in one
day, whereas America is calm, and only
the victims of the struggle are striving
to recover their senses. France .and the
United States are of two very different
worlds, civilisation and minds."
Caught in the Vortex of
\the Wall-Street
'; Gamble.
Rival. Interests Still Claim to
* the Northern '
¦> Pacific.
0-r:--- ' -;¦.¦;;¦'•-. " ("
NEW, YORK, May .v 11.— With both the
Stock' Exchange and the Consolidated
Exchange .closed >. to-day, and . with practi
cally mothing doing on ' the. curb, Wall
street' was very quiet. 'Although the ex
change's? were* not open for business, all
the larger "brokerage' : houses had their
clerks at work straightening out the ac
counts of. speculators and putting' their
'books ' v ur order. In the. rush days -from
Monday to Friday none of the usual mak
ihg-out of ¦statements | was
done, and" it will probablybe late to-mor
row night -before the balancing of ac
counts will be finished. ...'-'... *<: '.-¦••
' .All interest in" the financial" world re
main absorbed in the great contest for
the control ' * of Northern Pacific and . the
rivalries that have been caused by' that
battle. The heavy buying in Union Pa
cific yesterday i provoked much comment
and to-day "the street" was' wondering
whether the fight, of the railway giants
was to ; be transferred to that stock again.
The high price ! for " Northern Pacific in
London to-day was taken by. many as in
dicating that buying for control' of the
property-was still going on wherever the
seller had the stock to deliver. It was
learned to-day- also that atr the time
Kuhn, Loeb & Co. were settling with
shorts yesterdajrat $150 a share they were
paying the same price over the counter
to all who offered the securities for in
stant delivery.
, • Hill's Friends Get Hurt.
The Commercial Advertiser prints the
following interview with J. J. Hill:
"Mr. Hill, are the troubles between the
Northern. Pacific and the Union Pacific
settled?" asked the reporter.
"There is no question of any trouble.
I never myself had any doubt that in
the end 1 we should come out all right.-
And the trouble was not foisted upon the
public by us. I did not speculate myself
in a single ihare, and the shares of the
Great Northern and of the Northern Pa
cific which I have to-day I shall keep, if
I- can, until doomsday. ,
"The troubles which have been caused
by the 'dispute, 1 as the papers called it,
have been • fomented , by the papers them
selves. "When we who are concerned can
get' together and talk matters over, the
differences will not be so; great as they
appear. They will not be impossible of
settlement. But look at the ruin that has
been done." •• ¦"¦¦¦-,
Mr. Hill paused and turned half around.
When he turned back there were tears
in his eyes.
"I have received lots of letters," he said,
"from friends of -'mine— men; and women—
who are not rich, who are comparatively
poor. . They know that I was Interested
personally and largely In my properties,
and they had faith in them and in me.
Now they are completely ruined, and sim
ply because they have been' caught: In the
of a. gamble. Yet they bought their
shares. in good faith."' V ' y .'.'-. -.-
"Mr. Hill," asked the; reporter, "do you
not think that 'the community of, Interest'
principle or idea is having a pretty severe
trial Just now?" ': ¦'• . ¦" •- .¦¦'. ' .
. '.'Well, that I cannot talk about now. I
feel to much grieved over the situation.'
This very 'morning I got a letter from the
wife of a; friend of mine telling me of the
losses to her family. I repeat that' this
trouble- has -:not been of ' my, making, and
no one' regrets it more than Ido.'V- ? '¦'.¦•¦ "
"Will the trouble end soon?"i :'i~ ¦'.''¦. ' :' '•':
"Yes, if common sense prevails ; .yes.". .
Kuhn,. Loeb &.^Co. Clalin Control:^
-• ¦ Qtt0.C...JCuhn,-g£ the'rflrnitbf.-'Kiihnr-'L.p'eb'
#fcwC6;^'"wa,s.'-,asked i to-daV^'lf XheiVhadi, any;
reply toJrtnaketo .the iitrlctures'ofYMr.'*
Hill. He replied: ' '-:^ : ; V;r':i:. ' , ;
HILL'S FRIENDS
RUINED IN DEAL
A sliding . scale is -certainly veTy . ap
propriate for the iceman.
If You Have i Dyspepsia
Send no money, but writs, Dr.tJnoop.Racine.'Wli.,
boxl37,for six bottles of; Dr.Shoop's Restorative;
express paid. . It cured.pay $5.60— if not.it la Ires*
noon," 'destined to San Francisco. Upon
arriving there; they /will go on board, a
training vessel for a 'six 'months' prepara
tory cruise,- after which, if they prove effU'
dent, they will receive thelr.rating and be
assigned to duty on regulation cruisers or
rren of .war. -
Baby Is Taken From a Hospital and
Is Choked and Buried
: in Sand.
WICHITA, . Kans., May 11.— Mrs. Nick
Mark and Mary Mark, f the wife' and
daughter of a prominent farmer, took
Mary Mark's illegitimate child from a
hospital" to-day on pretense of taking it
to their home, and an hour afterward It
was found choked and buried in the sand
of the v Arkansas River.; An attendant in
the hospital : Buspected . that something
was wrong and notifledcthe police. Both
women were arrested.. Mary confessed the
murder and •- informed the police where
the body, could, be found. : . . .
. ' ; ? - '. J. .
Naval Becruits Coming West. •
OMAHA, May 11.— Fifty-seven naval re
cruits,. the : product of ? a week's work by
the naval recruiting station, will start
West over the Union Pacific this af ter-
State's Troops Will Be Kept on Guard
at Jacksonville to Prevent »
; Lawle ssn ess. \
JACKSONVILLE. Fla., May 11.—Jack
sonville was visited to-day! by Governor
Jennings and a committee from the Leg
islature, which came to view the situation
with a view of- determining how long it
would be necessary 'for the State militia
to 'remain on guard. It was decided that
despite -the expense of $600. a day. the
troops should remain indefinitely. No dis
order is anticipated so long as frfce "ra
tions are being distributed, but- ¦¦ the
vicious element might, give trbuble;'"lt is
thought, when the "no work, no rations"
edict is enforced. • ' ;.-" ; . ¦
The committee has begun to eliminate
those who are now 'imposing' upon the
country's charity, but some days . must
elapse . before ; the .'process can be com
pleted. Twelve cars loaded with supplies
for the destitute from 'the New.. York
Chamber of Commerce arrived to-day and
were gratefully received. - -The commis
saries continue to feed several thousand
persons daily. . .Thus far the insurance
companies have C settled about one-fourth
of the. losses, or t $1,500,000.', . ..'
YOUNG WOMAN. MURDEBS
AN ILLEGITIMATE CHILD
FLOBIDA/S GOVEBNOB
VISITS' A RUINED . CITY
STUDENTS AT MELBOUBNE
: CTTATT THE KING'S SON
Duke of i Cornwall and York Gets a
Degree and Some University
f Joking.
I MELBOURNE, May 11.— Among the
ceremonies here to-day in connection with
the : visit of the Duke and Duchess of
Cornwall and York was- the conferring, on
the Duke of' the degree of doctor of laws
by the University of Melbourne. The un
dergraduates, who were In great form,
bombarded the Duke with volleys of chaff,
which the recipient seemed to enjoy. The
whole audience,— which included many la
dies, joined in singing "He's a Jolly Good
Fellow." " i ""
Proceedings of Bankruptcy Court
Against the Duke Again. Aired
and Again Postponed.
LONDON, May 11.— The Duke of Man
chester's affairs were again aired in the
bankruptcy court' Friday, when the ac
counts lodged, disclosed a total indebted
ness of £37,794 and assets of £7545. The
liabilities . include £5000 in connection
with theatrical speculation and £6000. for
the promotion of a company. .
The proceedings were again adjourned,
counsel announcing that a scheme would
be proposed in a few days assuring - the
creditors better terms. ... :.- • . •>; .;. '
contest which has been waged during the
past few days. Certain holders of • the
Northern Pacific in league with Hill were
tempted, says the: information, by. the
high price of the stock to put it on the
market unknown to the Hill managers.
It had be^n acquired by them when, the
stock was low and while the holders of
this stock had no intention of deserting
the Hill-Morgan combine they concluded
that the stock was too high and could be
bought back* at a much lower price and
they could clean up a- few : thousands by
the transaction. It appears that the Har
rlman people had 'anticipated some such
action and had planned to Dick up the
Stray shares of Northern Pacific as fast
as they appeared on the ' market. " This
stock, which was pledged to the Hill com
bine, was eagerly gobbled' up by the Har
riman interests, as also were all other
small lots offered. This was two weeks
ago. Finally the rumor reached the ears
of the Hill people and,' as the etory.was
repeated and grew, stronger, they began
to count noses. It was then that they ills
covered that a large block of their • own
stock- had got into the hands of Harrl
manand his friends through the cupidity
of one of their own party and the»order
went forth' to their brokers, to buy- up
the stock at any price.- 1 ':. " ¦' " ;
This was the. beginning of the frantic
struggle between the great financial ''com
bines and is probably why J. J. Hill In an
Interview said yesterday: "There has been
some wicked work. .There have been plots
and there have been means adopted to ac
complish ends 'that could find no justifi
cation, in any, ethical code." ¦
A high railroad official says: "I ; believe
Hill had firm control of the Northern Pa
cific'before this stock market excitement
commenced; I say that because of "* my
knowledge . of Hill's prudence,, foresight
and ability. Hill- either now has control
or he . sold it ; voluntarily. : You •¦ may be
very sure he never lost it unwillingly. If
he sold -his '-holdings he', has -a". big lot of
money to show for it. In either'event you
may be positive that Hill is a winner.'* .
Bark-Bigged Steamer . Eric to Leave
.for the Arctic in the Middle
;> :'?o - : . ": '-' of July!.' " •
HALIFAX, N. S.:iMay'<ll.— The Peary
Arctic Club \has chartered for its work
next summer the steamer Eric, lately pur
chased from Hudson; Bay Company
by Captain James A." Farquhar of Hali
fax. The cruise of 1901 will be the fourth
In that series under the auspices of the
club in Lieutenant Peary's undertaking to
reach the pole.
The Eric will sail from Sydney, C. B.,
about the middle of July and will return,
it. is., expected, about two months later
with full details of what has occurred
during the two years since Peary has been
heard from; also with information of the
fate of the Windward, upon which Mrs.
Peary and -Miss Peary sailed from Sydney
last year for the north. The Eric will
take sufficient supplies for her own party
for. a year. and a surplus, if it be neces
sary to leave any at the north.
The' Eric, a- bark-rigged steamer of 512
tons, is the 'largest yet employed in the
Arctic service',' was built at Dundee for
her owners and was offered for sale to
Lieutenant Peary in London in January,
1898, about the time the Windward was
given to him by Mr. Harmsworth.
MANCHESTER'S CREDITORS '
ABE ADVISED TO WAIT
VESSEL f. WILL : SEABCH
¦ ;: '":'¦ FOB,: NEWS FROM PEARY
Shearers on Their, Way Home With
Money Held Up in a
Boxcar.
EVANSTON. Wyo.. May 11.— Eight
sheep shearers- returning from Rock
Springs were held up by two men In the
railway yards to-day and robbed of sums
ranging from $50 to $100 each. The shear
ers, who had recently been paid, -were en
deavoring to beat their way to their
homes in Utah and Idaho in a boxcar. The
two robbers, one carrying a lantern, the
other a gun, climbed into the boxcar, or
dered the eight to hold up their hands
and then searched .them. This done, they
locked the men In the car and escaped.
• 1
Norwegian Steamer Is Wrecked.
COIX>N, Colombia, May 11.— The Norwe
gian steamer Douglas, Captain Ericksen,
which sailed from Havana on April 24 for
Cartagena, has been totally wrecked off
the Rosalie Islands, near Cartagena, 1 Co
lombia. The crew was saved. _
Quiet Bestored in Barcelona.
PARIS, May 11.— A dispatch from Bar
celona announces that order has been re
stored, that many strikers have resumed
Work on the old terms and that those
arrested have been released from custody.
DESPEBATE BANDITS
ROB EIGHT SHEEPMEN
Canestrari.
NEW YORK, May 11.— A World special
from Rome says: Vatican circles are
greatly moved by what Is considered the
almost miraculous recovery of Monselgn
eur Canestrari from what was believed
by his physicians to be a mortal stroke ol
paralysis, which brought him to the point
of death.
Immediately upon his receiving th6
Papal blessing, following the celebration
of .a special mass for him by the Pope In
his private chapel, the physicians noticed
a decided Improvement, which has been
maintained. The patient not only is now
out of danger, but is steadily recovering
power in his limbs. - ¦
Vatican Circles Moved by the Re
markable Cure of Mgr.
BECOVEBY FOLIX)WS
THE 'POPE'S BLESSING
tural Department's summary of crop con
ditions In Europe, just issued, is as fol
lows:
With only one exception of much. Im
portance, so far as is yet known, the con
dition of 'the winter grain crops of Eu
rope at the end of the winter ranged from
fair to very good. The exception is the
winter wheat crop of Germany, of which
the condition was officially stated on
April 15 at 3.6, a figure denoting an out
look considerably below medium.
Moreover, nearly one-fourth (22.6 per
cent) of the area sown was winter killed
and had to be plowed up and devoted to
other crops. The winter rye crop, how
ever, which in Germany ' is considerably
more than twice as large, as the wheat
crop, has fared much better, the condition
being above the medium and only 2.9 per
cent of the area requiring to be plowed up.
The area under- winter. Kraln In Russia
¦was curtailed . In some parts of the coun
try by drouth in autumn, but there is a
possibility that W.the case of wheat the
deficiency due t^ this cause may have
been made up by tthe sowing of an extra
breadth of that grain this spring.
In France; on the other hand, the area
under spring' wheat is smaller than last
year. In a largo; part of Europe the
3pring season hits been backward, but
aside from this Circumstance the spring
crops appear as a • rule to have been put
under fairly staisfactory ' conditions. ~
WINTER CROPS GOOD
THROUGHOUT EUBOPS
Reports Indicate That the Grain Yield
Will Be Up to the.
-\ Average.
WASHINGTON. May 11.— The Agricul-
PARK RAPIDS, Minn.. May 11— A Pine
Point merchant on the -"White Earth Indi
an reservation has just reached here »nd
confirms . the report that the Indians are
congregating' at Round Lake with the
avowed intention of preventing .the re
moval of the logs banked there unless
there Is a rescallng. They threaten
trouble for the logging companies and the
Government unless . they get the sescale
they demand.
Ueero Killed by Whites.
•BmMINGHAM, Ala.. May 11.— An un
known negro, supposed to be James
Brown, the negro charged with assaulting
Miss Delia Garrett- of SprlngvlUe. was
shot and instantly killed by a number of
white men twelve miles from here to-day
It is believed the wrong man has been
killed. . . -
Indians Threaten Trouble.
In Wichita. >^. :';
"WICHITA, Kans.. May 11.— Wlnona Kll
gore, Anna Peeples and Jamesmlne "WU
hoit, three young girls, the latter a
daughter of Lucy Wilhoit, the colleague
of Mrs. Nation, smashed the Summit
saloon -here this afternoon. They entered
with rocks and the barkeeper did not
know that an attack was threatened un
til the glass began to crash about his
ears. Fred Wolf, the proprietor, defended
his place, knocking the girls down with
his fist and pitching them one after an
other into the street. In the melee the
wrist of Miss Peeples was broken. The
police made a quick run for the scene,
arrested all " three of the smashers and
lodged them In the City Jail.
er Meet Bartender and Trouble
Three Young Followers of the Smash-
MBS. NATION'S CBUSADEBS J
THROWN IN THE STREET
... _ Is Now Expected. .. .: ¦
NEW YORK, May 11.— James A. Herne.
the playwright, actor and manager, who
has been ill at his home In thi3 city, had
a serious relapse to-day, and It is bellev.ed
he can live only a few days more.
Herne is suffering from the after effects *
of the grip. He was stricken last Feb
ruary while playing in Illinois with his
"Sag Harbor" Company. He rested for
several days. and. thinking himself well,
resumed acting. In Chicago he again was
stricken, and his condition was considered
serious. A week at West Baden, Ind..
had a beneficial effect and Herne rejoined
his company, but soon was obliged to quit
work and ¦went to New York.
Well -Known Playwright and Man
ager Suffers a Belapse and Death
ACTOB .HERNS DYING
AT, HIS HEW YORK HOME
Searchers Who Try to Secure the He
mains of a Sheepherder Are
Repulsed.
BOISE, Idaho. May 11.— I*. S*. Crake was
shot and killed some time yesterday by
George Edin near Pearl. His body was
found this morning and Edin was arreste'd
during the day at Emett, twelve miles dis
tant.
Crake was a miner and Edln a sheep
herder. The latter drove his sheep on
Crake's property, and In the quarrel that
followed Crake was killed. Edin claims
he killed Crake In self-defense. He has a
bullet hole in his lag. which he says was
made by Crake's rifle. His story Is par
tially borne out by the fact that 'empty
rifle shells were found by Crake's body.
Crake's dogs were faithfully guarding
their master's body when It was. found,
and fiercely attacked the searchers, j
While Striving' to . Obtain Firewood
Fifteen Little Ones Ar«? Caught
Under the WallS.
CHICAGO, May 11. — In their eagerness
to procure firewood from a dilapidated
two-story and basement frame structure
in the rear of 62 Larabee street, a number
of children living in the neighborhood
chopped the supports from beneath the
rotten structure to-day. In the crash, that
followed one was instantly killed and sev
eral others were buried with him beneath
the debris. In all about fifteen children
were caught beneath the falling -walls.
The dead child Is Samuel Marceca, seven
years old. The injured are: Paul douse,
fourteen years; Barbara Erhardt, twelve
years; John Jurren. G. Murphy, John
Naelen, "William Petersky. eight years old.
It Is believed all the Injured will recover.
• :
PAITHFTn. DOG3 GUARD
THEIR MASTER'S BODY
TAUllENG HOUSE CRUSHES
&!•£'-" rnnT.-n-R.TTW jn CHICAGO
It is uncertain whether J. Plerpont Mor
gan.'will return to New York immediately.
He desires. If possible, to return to Paris
¦and; fulfill ran engagement to- be received
in'audience'-by President Loubet. v . ; ¦
' ;The,Pr{yy\Council has granted the At-,
.torney General of Manitoba leave to ap
peal-, from;..' the- decision of the King's
Bench Court l of ; Manitoba. In ruling that
the-ProYlncialr'iLegislature has no power
to pass a Hauor'act. , ;
At. a general meeting of the royal yacht
squadron in London to-day the Marauis
of Ormonde was elected commodore in
succession to King Edward. The Duke of
Leeds was elected vice commodore.
It is announced that Eugene Zimmer
man has offered the creditors of the Duke
of :Manchester, his son-in-law, 10 shillings
in,th« pound, but that a faction of the>
creditors is; determined to exact a full set
tlement. :
Zimmerman's Offer to Settle.
• The Duke and Duchess of Marlborough
have taken an active and conspicuous
part in the Primrose League meetings
tl'is.-week, always appearing together, so
as to emphasize that there was no truth
In the recent stories of a serious misun
derstanding between them. At the recep
tion which Mrs. Bischoffsheim gave to
the league Thursday evening among the
prominent people grouped about the host
ess were the Duke and Duchess of Marl
borough. '
There were no novelties In the theatri
cal world this week, but there will.be
many in the near future. Among the most
interesting will be an adaptation of "Don
Caerar de Bazan," by Jerald Du Mauri er.
vMnich Lewis Waller will produce at the
Cbronet Theater May 20. T. P. O Con
nor's play, "A Lady From Texas." which
those who have read it pronounce to be
original and amusing, and in which an
"American woman is the chief character,
will be given soon at Penley's Theater.
Bernhardt, Coquelin and Rejane all come
to : London in June. The Kendalls . will
give Perten Castle's much-discussed prob
lem play, "The Secret Orchard." at Ful
ham Monday.
Victoria Get Little
Gpmpehsation.
¦ ¦¦'¦¦ .-'- ' ;.' ', '. '.. .' . .. .
.¦¦' ;¦•¦ ¦.¦ • . .: — v: » — _ ¦ - . ¦.
Duke anifl^Duchess of Marl
borough Appear in Public -
|tj Disprove Stories. ,.
IX)NDON, May 11.— The ladles of- the
late Queen Victoria's court, after anxious
waiting, have learned that they are ¦• to
receive pensions, although minute t ones.
Many of these former members ;6f ; the
royal household, though of high Jineage.
have meager fortunes, and themalds^pf
honor, etc., found their posts 4 richer /In
honors than in profit. The excuse^f or the
meager-ness of the pensions is the Iriade-"
qua cy of, the provisions for the.. royal ;ex :
perises. During the last few years Queen
Victoria was unable to make the civil list
meet -the official expenditure and was
obliged' to draw on her private fortune.'-
King Edward now has to keep up Bal
moral. Castle and Osborne house, costing
£31,000; annually, though he dislikes both
places.! '.',¦ • ? "
Marlboroughs in Public.
Those Who Served Queen
COURT LADIES
ARE TO RECEIVE
SMALL PENSIONS
•¦¦¦;• BER^N, j May, ll.r- The members of the
Reichstag'.warit.togo home, after, disposr
ing of \ the few, Spending .matters. The _. ad
journment will -be. until the end^of-Novem
ber, ..-when*, the Government 'has promised
to; present^the -tariff' bill, 1 which' In' the
meanwhile '": will g be : thoroughly^ consid :
'.ered; by ! : the -^various state, governments
an'd.the/Buiidesrath. • j ,'>;¦< .¦¦•-:"- : « -': ¦-. J ' "
Y-i An adjournment is really necessary now,"
because, the ; attendance in the Reichstag
durhjg the past .fortnight has dwindled
Steadily, and important measures .have
.repeatedly been passed by a, few score of
members: This doubtless was owing par
tially to the fact that members of
Reichstag do not yet receive any. remun
eration for their services/ not- even free
railroad passes. The Reichstag this week,
for the thirteenth time, passed a resolu
tion by a five-sixths majority to the effect
that the members should be paid so much
per day, but It is known that the Emperor
and the Bundesrath still opgose any re
muneration, and will not confirm the
Reichstag resolution.
When the members disperse next week
the House will have agreed to a prolonga
tion of the provisional commercial ar
rangement between Germany and Great
Britain until December 31, 1903, to an im
perial order levying a duty on logwood
and , to a supplementary duty on coffee
and cocoa from Haytl.
American Criticism Annoying.
The anti-Germanism in part of the
American, press is keenly felt her©, all the
more because nobody knows ¦ the reason
for It. The Foreign Office is kept busy
denying one unfounded story after an
other. Intended to ascribe rapacious
schemes to Germany. The officials of the
United States Embassy fully confirm the
statements of the German Foreign Office.
The serious and influential newspapers
have v hitherto not paid much attention to
this renewed "Deutschen Hetze" (Ger
man baiting) in America, but the Berlin
Neueste Nachrichten, Conservative, has
pointed out how differently sensational
news from America, apparently conflict
ing wtth German interests here, is re
ceived.' It instances the report about the
Azores, and savs:
"Nobody here blames the United States
for trying to secure a coaling station on
the Azores or elsewhere." •.
The Taeeblatt's New York specials, re
ferring to anti-German utterances in the
American press, have been followed in
every case by prompt official denial here
of the imputations made.
Russia's Moves in China.
The China auestion is still .uppermost
here. The Cologne Gazette prints a St.
¦ Petersburg special saying: that Russia is
hastening , to finish the ¦ Manchurja- Rail
road, by purchasing' locomotives In Amer
ica; taking temporarily J the rolling stock
from the Russo-European roads and great
ly increasing^ the number -of officials, en
'atJUng Russia before ..long' .--I to • throw: a
couple of army corps Into- Manchuria by
rail. The paper further' says • that M.
Delcasse, the> French Foreign 'Minister,
who recently .. visited St. Petersburg,
pledged Russia France's support In the-
Manchurlan auestion. ;
The figures accompanying the British-
German commercial provlsorium show
that both the British imports into Ger
many and the German Imports into Great
Britain are steadily Jncreasinsr. .- ¦ . .
Andrew J. "White, the United States Em
bassador,-and Mrs. White are obliged to
leave their oresent residence on Lenne
strasse July 1. Mrs. White is going to the
seashore for the summer and Mr. White
will stoD at a Berlin hotel. : -
lime. Sembrich began" to-day a short
season with "Don Pasquale" at the* Royal
Opera, which was overcrowded. She was
accorded- an enthusiastic reception and
showed that she had completely recovered
her voice. -.-•-. . . - ¦ •
China u Question- Is Still the
> Uppermost One : - in the
v - Kaiser's : Empire.
A Denial Is Vigorously
Made of Alleged
Schemes!
CRITICISM IN
AMERICA VEXES
THE GERMANS
I PARIS, May 11.— When the Chamber
meets the day after to-morrow It will find
ready to"; Its hand work for the ; two
months it will slt-J2,00O,00O, orneatfy MV
000,000 francs' per diem— 3,600,000,000 francs,
in revenue and expenditure, with a little,
surplus of 100,000,000 francs In favor of
revenue. The budget next year is, In round
figures, 3,600,000,000 francs. -'->-
Compared with the budget of the pres
ent year, next year's budget shows - an in
crease in expenditure of 43,000,000 francs.
This budget- is made up of the following
items: ¦ - - " ,
Public debt and "dette viagere," that is
to say, rentiers and .pensioners of state,
absorbed nearly 250.000,000 francs. .
Presidencies of Chamber of Deputies
and Senate cost. 13,500.000 franca.
Army*, and navy cost 1,030,000,000 francs.
Collecting of taxes and other similar ex
penditures cost 430,000,000 francs.
Redemption of debt and other charges
absorb 40,000,000 francs.
There remains therefore for general ex
penditures, that is to say, payment of of
ficials, keeping public roads and public
buildings— In a word, for national house
keeping expenses— 841,000,000 francs
It Is the greatest budget that has ever
been paid— the greatest of all budgets
since the world began.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Serious Financial Problems
¦ That Confront the Cham
.rC .ber of Deputies.
Sum of Nearly Four Bil
lion Francs to Be
Provided.
FRANCE FACES
LARGEST BUDGET
IN THE WORLD
Andrews agreed that he would take no
action relative to> the suppression of free
speech on the campus by single tax ora
tors or others without first consulting the
Mayor. The Mayor announced he would
make a speech on the campus to-night.
As . a result, about 7000 people gathered
there to hear. him. There were no police
present, "and there was no disorder.
Mayor J Maybury addressed the crowd
from Tom Bawden's single tax wagon,
and urged the people to make no demon
stration such as was witnessed last night.
He- said it was not the intention of the
authorities to restrict free speech. He
said ho was sure the people of Detroit
¦were orderly and* law-abiding, and that
they would do as he wished. The crowd
gave him several hearty cheers and grad
ually dispersed before the single tax ora
tor, who followed Maybury. had time to
return to his argument.
DETROIT, May 11.— Mayor Maybury
and Director of Police Frank C. Andrews
held a conference to-day which resulted
In a peaceful solution of the matters
which have been disturbing the public
mind since Andrews became the head of
the Police Department.
stricted, but He "Wants
Order. : ; V
Free Speech Will Not Be Re-
Citizens Decide to Pre
vent Repetition of
Riot.
DETROIT MAYOR
MAKES APPEAL
14
TH - ,vAN .:'FRANCISCG^:-C 12, v ii)01.
BY CABLE TO THE CALL
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
had pain under my shoulder-blades, In the
small of my back and hips. I sometimes
wished myself out of this world. Had hot
and cold spells, dizziness and . trembling
of the limbs, and was losing 'flesh all the
time. v . -'
"After following your ¦ directions and
taking Peruna I now feel like a different
person."— Mrs. Wm. Hetrick.
Mrs. D.. W. ¦ Mason, 502 Dauphine street,
New Orleans. X>a., writes: - ¦ ¦
"I have~ been- taking your Peruna and
Manalin and can cheerfully recommend
it to all those • • • • • •¦*-¦• •••••••
suffering with* .* ; ' -,,..'.
the- pame trou- » sj££g^*&S&ifcK)
ble that I was. i • frj^ii3ss2si$i2ss». - "
weakness, pal- qp " /""^Jjisi—Sv- ' i ,'
pitation of the &**>( # B * S^" ¦ ?
heart, stomach, -liiRa ggg^w*' ¥Jitr^
kidney and liver , 1 / >C^ "' OT>SV ( ,
disorder, and ( I ' '¦/' .-, : -rvrmi) ,,
above all " a , . V v-«X,-"- -.' « "«5y ,<>'
dreadful coug-h , V j£ _ > " . ; ¦; .
ing speUs. I was ' \ =; & 1 •
completely run , /\ : ¦ jr
taken one bottle 'Z^§S&£§3?**^SS^^ m '
of Peruna and a ? ~=^3§£M£&&zz?^ '
your Manalin I ' 1^ —
could sleep. Mre r>. W. Mason.- !
soundly, my . . .....'.
heart was bet- • "«
tcr, my coush left me, lt acted immedi-
ately upon my nerves, and after takhig
four bottles according to your directions
I was entirely cured of all my troubles.
"I can truthfully say "that there Is noth-
ing to equal your Peruna and Manalin. I
was a different woman after taking the
second bottle. It is without a doubt the
best medicine in the world. Language-
fails to express my gratitude for this
cure. May God bless you."— Mrs. D. W.
Mason.
If you do not derive prompt and" satis-
factory results from .the use of Peruna,
•write at once to Or. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable aa-
vice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
THERE are a multitude of women, es-
pecially, housewives, and all othei*
womeli obliged to be on their feet
constantly, who are wretched beyond de-
scription simply because their strength
and vitality is sapped away by catarrhal
discharges from the pelvic org-ans. These
women get up In the morning tired, drag
themselves throujrh their daily duties
tired, only to go to bed at night as tired
as before.
Peruna Is such a perfect specific for
each case that when patients have once
used it they can never be induced to quit
it until they are permanently cured. It
begins to relieve the disagreeable symp-
toms at once. The backache ceases, the
trembling knees are strengthened^ the ap-
petite restored, the digestion made per-
fect, the dull headache is stopped and the
weakening drains are gradually cured.
These results certainly, follow a course of
treatment with Peruna. , ••-.'.. . *
Barbara Alberty, corner Seventh and
"Walnut streets, Appleton, Wis., writes as
follows in regrard to Peruna: !«
"For years I have suffered with back-
ache and severe
»¦¦¦»¦»»-•-»»»«¦ pains in tha side.
* f I doctored so
Jj8&MiQ * much that I be-
* ' /^S«v?Sr$%Plr>. * came d I s c o u r- |
• tfll&r . < ' "A school friend i
T iSisi^ 1^. ' ' * 0^ me n0 ' w ' very ¦
t ?M^I hIP! ' much Peruna had!
41 refl /_ t "fjl "benefited her and I
t iDl fir t I eent out for a t
? o^V s£* *5^ v 4 bottle, which did
4 S.^*- ''ls§§& ? more to relieve
4 ; %ltii^ p ' >HP I me than a11 the
4 ? other medicine I
&zz£§r -jv&*\ na<^ ever taken.
I W& I " l used lt faith-
1 \W\i ii mi"? hn*?T « fully for two
t *7%aez*2mfZl l f ir I weeks and It com-
I Barbara Alberty. I pletely cured me.
I have not had
any- pains since
anywhere, but feel like a new woman. I
am truly thankful for what Peruna has
done for me."— Barbara Alberty.
Mrs. Wm. Hetrick. Kennard, Washing-
ton County. Nebr., writes:
"I am fifty-six years old and have not
felt well since the Change of Life began
ten years ago. I was in misery some-
where most of the time. My back was
very weak, and my flesh so tender it hurt
me to lean against the back of a chair. I
Loss of Jlppetite
Is Loss of Vitality, Vigor, Tone.
That stands to reason.
It's common in. the Spring when the blood,
which, needs cleansing; fails to give the organs
the stimulus necessary for the proper perform^
. , ; ance of their functions.
Hood's Sarsaparilla cU7ln^
; ' ' .-'- -"•• r '- - -• theblood,
restores the appetite", gives-vitality, vigor, tone—
; this, is one of the reasons why it's called the
Greatest Spring Medicine.
„ "My husband and I took Hood's Sarsapa.
Take It ' rIlla and 5t gave us a PPet»te and strength and
lUKe II. vestorcd our health." Mrs. Tho. Gilpatrick,
Hood's Sarsaoarilla Promises to Cure and Keeps the Promise.
ADVEETISEMENTS. ' „ " '(
¦ * - - - . - - • . %
A Stealthy, Insidious Weakening
Enemy to Women, |
i, .'~~ * ¦ * '^ .'-¦--. i
j REV. HARRIET R. EDWARDS, CLINTON, I A. \\ .
, n ~ ~ v 1 "'"' ~~~i
Rev. Harriet R. Edwards In a recent letter from Mt.t Pleasant Park, Clinton,
la., writes: ¦ • ¦ ••'..:, ;
"/ have found that Peruna is a wonderful medicine to use in diseases
peculiar to women. It quickly and permanently restores health and vigor
and acts as a natural tonic to a worn-out system. I have so far never
observed a case which was not greatly aided by its use." — Rev. Dr.
H. R. Edwards.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
A PICTURE PUZZLE.
... ¦'¦'. ; CUT THIS OUT. '.
The above picture ¦ contains four faces— a
father and his three daughters. . Any. one can
find the father's face, but It Is not so easy to
distinguish the faces of the three young ladles.
If, however.^ you succeed in locating the three
daughters' faces you will- receive. an offer of a
reward which may repay you many times over
for a little trouble r on your part, as . FIVE
HUNDRED DOLLARS • in cash prizes .will be
offered to those who answer quickly. . • . .
i Cut. out the above Picture- Puzzle, and if able
to find the three daughters' faces mark , each
with a cross (X) and Ir.close same with 13 two-
cent stamps for a box of Seddon's Standard
Salve," which is the best all-round "Salve'.'
cow on the market for the following skin dis-
eases :— Caked Breast, • Sore Nipples, • Burns,
Bruises, Ulcers, • Eczema, . Stiffness, Salt
Rheum, Earache, Itching,- Fever. Bores," Chil-
blains, Pimples and Chapped Hands.'. , - v
v If you have correctly marked the three • hid-
den fades you will receive our offer of FIVE
HUNDRED DOLLARS.. : ¦ . >* :¦¦* -,.
I The extraordinary offer of FIVE HUNDRED
DOLLARS is made by a reliable Company for
the cole ¦ purpose i of introducing our prepara-
tions quickly through bright people, and should
not be classed with catch-penny affairs.- :; :
¦: Send your answer- to-day. : ( Remember every
'one has an equal opportunity; distance -makes
no difference. /Satisfaction guaranteed or your
money refund/d. - '. ; ;"" ".*,-" ¦..'
¦ Address, - Seddon Manufacturing - Company,
Nos. 68 to 78 Park place and '215 and 247 Green-
wich street. New York City.
.'-.'-' - . rT _| 7^ — *******
KSTrS«r.
Wooen l^™w
about our eyeglasses is
that they are made of the
best material and are put
together to stand wear,
and at the same tims to
insure comfort.
SHIRPSER'S PATENT CUP
reduces to a minimum the
grip of the glasses on the *
nose. .
Order by mail if not
convenient to call.
7?luALShirp3enlW.42THlRD3T vSimple and touching xvnn
COMRADE MCKINLEY.
CHILDREN CARPET THE STREETS WITH FLOWERS
Mrs. McKinler 1» giving
way under the fatlffue of
travel and the excitement at
tending: the tour of the Presi
dential . party. Yesterday she
felt too weak to accompany
the President and rested In
Hotel Del Monte dnrlns the
entire day.
IN NEED OF REST.
CITIZENS OF. MONTEREY. "WHO HAVE TAKEN LEADING PARTS IN
THE PREPARATIONS FOR THE RECEPTION TO, THE PRESIDENT,
MRS. McKINEEY AND THE CABINET OFFICERS.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
Veterans at Pacific Grove ''Present Arms'
to the Commander in Chief.
The Citizens' Committee will meet in the California Hotel at 6:30 p. m. and go in carriages to the
Henry T. Scott residence, corner of Clay and Laguna streets, where it will meet the Signal Corps of the
Second Brigade, National Guard, and escort the President, via Van Ness avenue, thence to Golden Gate ave
nue, to Market street, and thence to the ferry depot, where the formal welcome to the city will be extended
Procession at Night.
Line of March in Afternoon.
On the arrival of the Presidential. train at Third and Townsend streets Tuesday, at 3:40 p; m.y the
column will march down Third street to Market, on Market to Montgomery, Montgomery, to Bush, Bush
to Kearny, Kearny to Market, Market to Van Ness avenue, Van Ness avenue to between Bush and Pine,
where it will countermarch and pass the reviewing stand on-the west side of Van Ness avenue, between
Sutter and Post streets and between the Hecht and Wewhall residences, where the President will review
the column. . " i .
PARADES IN HONOR OF PRESIDENT.
. I have -passed within the last ten days over
the track of many of the battlefields on which
you ' fought." . I.. have been greeted by the men
against whom you - fought. I have seen I the
beautiful sight— beautiful to every lover of his
country— of 'the' members, of the Grand Army
of the Republic walking arm in arm- with the
¦ Confederate : Veterans, bearing - the American
flag and giving welcome and each vielng with
the other in the warmth of that welcome to
the President of the United ¦ States, ' and each
demonstrating i in friendly rivalry their devo
tion to «the Government and to the. flag. that
shelters us-all. ' "'¦•" V ••"- •'¦ -' " -S < -¦ ¦¦ : ¦ ¦,¦
• And so you are- to , be congratulated, to-day
upon* what you did. upon what you suffered,
upon what you sacrificed that- liberty and union
might not perish. > It- cost a great deal. More
than a half-million lives were .given up an a
sacrifice for .'. the .preservation . of _ this - Union.
Some things are so precious I and ¦ so good that
nations which ¦ get them pay only with blood.
And what blood this -Union has cost us! But
what a: Union it: is now! (Great applause.)
; Washington, -. in , addressing his .troops before
one of « his .battles,, said, ; to. them: ."Liberty,
property- and . life ; - and honor / are - all at . stake;
upon your courage . and' conduct rest the hopes
of our- bleedine. and insulted' country.' Our
: wives." Children and parents expect safety from
Americans never 'surrender but to Americans.
(Great applause.) "The men who yielded after
four and a half" years of struggle, , who were
blood of our blood, finally, yielded to their own
fellow citizens, and we are to-day a nation re
united. - ¦ -.
The nation you * served so, well owes you a
debt- of -gratitude' : whlch it can never. repay.
You saved' the jeivel^of freedom for the family
of nations. You; preserved with your sword
and by your .sacrifices the .freest Government of
earth. The .'South!* went to war rather than
that the Union should livei "The North en
gaged in the t war 'rather | than see the ¦ Union
perish (applause).!- and you ; triumphed. We
consider ; less, treat ' and appalling as it was,
what the - war cost us in life and treasure
when we 'see what the war brought us in lib
erty, equality, and . opportunity. (Applause.):
Grand Army of the Republic. War in memory
is to be preferred to war in motion. ¦ The shell
that has exploded- is safer, .than, when unex
ploded. It Is a good dear more comfortable to
talk about the war than it was to take part
in that war (laughter and applause), ami >. very
much safer. .. (Laughter.) .'.There is not nearly
so much peril' In it: 'And the events of war
lose nothing by time; we rarely ever understate
the story of our achievements. (Laughter.) We
fight our battles o,'er, .but we.nght them at long
distance and none. of our heroic adventures are
forgotten. (L-aughter.) ' That is to my com
rades of the war.' :to nobody else. (Uiughter
and gr^at applause^) . ¦' .,-.'¦
Hon. B. A. Eardley, chairman of the Pa
cific Grove reception committee, assisted
the President from his carriage . and es
corted him to the door of the assembly
hall, where he was metfby the deputation
from the Grand Army Encampment. He
entered the hall on the arm' of the officer
of the day and was by him presented to
Department Commander . Mott not as the
President of . the United States but '.. as
"Comrade William McKinley of * Canton
Post, Department of Ohio, Grand Army
of the Republic." Not until the veterans,
who had risen to their feet -when he en
tered, .were ordered by Commander Mott
to "present arms", was hla official dignity
recognized. . ' • ¦ "*¦--¦ • •'
The President's attitude throughout. the
entire visit was purely fraternal, and the
veterans, whom he called his comrades,
felt all the more honored because of this
fact. , , v . .._ :/¦•;
Tears Dim Veterans' Eyes^y: *
His words ,' evoked many evidences of
deep feeling- from " the old soldiers, and
when - he referred . to the -, hardships and
privations endured by them -in their gal
lant struggle to preserve the Union there
was many, a tearrdlmmed eye among
them. Said; he: -. -.•-•;"-;>'¦
* I am "ereatly pleased .to meet . the veter
ans oC the civil war and my • comrades of . the
Upon his arrival at the assembly hall
the President remained In his carriage
until all the members of his party had
been, escorted to the' places reserved for
them In the auditorium. He was kept
constantly bowing in acknowledgment of
the many greetings he received from the
crowd. ¦ *
Greeted Simply as a" Comrade.
. The townspeople had done their utmost
to show how honored they felt by • this
visit from 'the President of the United
States, and here, as Jn Monterey, there
was scarcely a house but had received
seme; decoration. Lithographs and. black
and white pictures of the President wero
at every turn, and if the number of these
Is anv Indication of the esteem in which
the nation's chief is held Pacific Grove is
certainly more loyal to the administration
than any other town in America.
he visited the Grand Army veterans, a
mighty shout went up from all the people
within sight of his carriage.
"And having saved the Union it is the duty of
' all to keep It saved. . We will not always • be
here, but the "sons of the veterans on both
' I congratulate ¦. you. 1 cannot tell • you What
pleasure it gives me to be with you to-day.
(Applause.) .1 have been welcomed by all of
my • fellow countrymen, but this • Is the first
time in my long Journey that I have -felt the
warm heart touch ot so many ,. of the .; men
with whom I kept step from '61 to '65. (En
thusiastic applause and cheering.) , ' -
I suppose in this Grand . Army encampment
of California and Nevada the soldiery of prac
tically every State In. the Union is represented.
Am I right? (Responses of "Yes.") You were
not all California™ in > 1861. You came from
the old States of the East, the Central States,
the Northwestern States, some - of . you from
the Southern States. All Calif ornians now, but
when you enlisted . you • represented other
States, . and . here you are to-day,, comrades • In
feeling, in heart, in sympathy: comrades hav
ing the right to rejoice that liberty was saved
to mankind and to civilization. :.
That issue was settled and the principles of
free government live and they are brighter and
more glorious than they have ever been be
fore (applause), and all due to the courage
and the valor and the sacrifices of the veterans
of the war. ' " . ' '- r . • • ,
Their cause was crowned with success and
the Union was formed. In 1864 Mr. Lincoln at
Gettysburg said: "Fourscore and seven years
ago our fathers brousht forth upon this < con
tinent a nation conceived in liberty and dedi
cated to the ' proposition that all men are cre
ated equal. Now vre are engaged In a great
civil war, testing whether that nation or any
nation so conceived and so dedicated can long
endure." ¦ ¦. .- • - • - -'•;¦"*-.¦
Mr. McKinley will be received at the
depot by committees, escorted to car
riages and driven on Beach Hill and up
Pacific avenue between rows of school
children, who will carpet; the roadway
with roses. A short halt . will be made
while the President makes an address,
Mayor Parker introducing him. The drive
will be resumed up Mission street. to Wal
nut avenue, and down that thoroughfare
to the train, rwhlch will take .the party
to the big trees, where fifty minutes will
be spent. Luncheon will be served. The
train from the. trees will reach the depot
here at 12 o'clock; and ten minutes later
it will start for San Jose.
In the carriage- with the President will
ride Mayor Parker and William Tv* Jeter,
former Lieutenant Governor. The Native
Daughters 'will decorate the President's
car with carnations, ' violets and potted
plants. ¦ ; ._y. •
us only, and they have every reason to believe
that heaven will crown with success bo Just
a cause." ':.-'" - - ¦
SANTA CRUZ, May 11.— This city Is in
gala attire for the President's visit on
Monday morning. Pacific avenue is a
mast; of bunting and redwood trees.
Where the President will speak In front
of the courthouse there Is \ a floral . um
brella. . Word v/aa received from Del
Monte to-day that the programme is ac
ceptable .to the President. ..While the
party Is at the big trees, no one
except the local committees will be
permitted to enter, as it is desired that
the President have an untrammeled view
of the forest giants. ¦ . .
Santa Cruz Awaits
the President's
Coming.
The executive committee recommends
that the afternoon of Tuesday, May 14, be
declared a holiday by all business houses,
and urgently requests the adoption of Its
recommendation in order that the recep
tion of the President aud party may be
attended with proper ceremony and that
every citizen may be given an opportu
nity to take part in it.
Secretary Long of the navy will be the
guest of honor at the semi-monthly ban
quet to be given by the Unitarian Club on
Friday evening. The banquet will take
place at the rooms of the Merchants' Club
on Sansome street. The number of Invi
tations will be limited.
Invitations to the reception to Governor
George K. Nash of Ohib and visiting Con
gressmen from that State have been Is
sued. The time fixed is 8:30 o'clock
Wednesday evening. May 15.
A wreath of buckeyes strung on a rib-
Committee Recommends Holiday.
TO-MORROW will see a trans
formation in San Francisco
streets that wi'.l betoken the
presence of magic. Even now
there is a display of flags and
bunting that symbolize the unrest
and eagerness with which the
people await the coining of the President
xuicl the ej>ectacular parades and assem
blages which will mark the week's visit
of the chief magistrate. But by to-mor
row night the principal streets will pre
sent vistas of flaming colors "glowing
against backgrounds of evergreen, and
when night falls brilliant electric displays
will make the night scenes even more
glorious than those of the day.
The executive committee met yesterday
and came to final conclusions upon many
features of the week's programme, but
this final programme must be submitted
to the President and receive his approval
before it will be official.
It was decided that Mayor Phelan
should deliver the address welcoming the
President to San Francisco at the public
reception in the nave of the ferry depot
Tuesday night, instead of waiting until
the citizens' banquet Saturday night. Al
thor.gh the surroundings at the public re
ception will not be conducive to effective
Fpeech-making-, the incongruity of delay
ing the formal welcome to the city until
the v!Flt would be almost over was appa
rent and the change was made.
Donahue Fountain Dedication.
The unveiling of the Donahue fountain
has caused the committee some worri
rrjent, as there seemed no desirable half
hour available for that purpose. Mayor
Phelan suggested that the ceremony
ought to taKe place early in the week, as
that would enable the visiting thousands
to enjoy the beauty of the fountain dur
ing the remainder of their stay in San
Francisco. Accordingly it was agreed
that the ceremony should be held Wednes
day morning at 8:30 o'clock, if the Presi
dent approve. This will enable the dedi
cation to be completed in time for the em
barkation on the revenue cutter Golden
Oaf* at 9:15 to o#v=s the bay for the com
mcr.eement exercises at Berkeley.
Tha reception committee. It has been 1 de
cided, v.-ill not meet the President at
Burllnganie. Instead Irving M. Scott,
chairman of the committee, will select
three or four members who will go to
Bwrlmgame, while the remainder will
meet them and the President at the Va
lencia-street station. i
There will be two receptions given the
President on Thursday after his return
from Mount Tamalpais, Instead of one, as
has been erroneously announced. The first
at 2:30 p. m., will be given at the Palace
Hotel by vhe Sons and Daughters of the
American Revolution. The second, at
about 3:30 o'clock, will be given at Native
Sons' Hall by th* Mexican War Veterans,
Loyal Legion. Native Sons and Native
Daughters.
. "That matter .will be left In the
hnnilN of the San Francisco com
mittee." ' .
Krom the above dispatches It is evident
that the excuses made by members of the
local committee that the President was
responsible for the absence of a Vallejo
trip from the programme of his visit are
not valid. * Secretary Cortelyou, who
speaks for the President, places the re
sponsibility directly upon the committee.
VALLEJO, May 11.— Campbell Whitt
horne, chief clerk of the construction de
partment at the navy yard, a personal
friend of President McKinley, received
information to-day that the President
would visit Mare Island. Vallejo may yet
have the entire Presidential party as Its
guests. .... ' :'
The committee In charge of arrange
ments for the visit of the Congressmen
held a meetinp last evening. Chairman
Luchsinger .reported that . the visiting
party will include fifty. Admiral Miller
has given the committee permission to
serve lunch for the visitors in the new
gatehouse building 1 .
DEL MONTE, May 11.— Secretary Cor
telycu, when asked concerning the report
from Mare Island that . the President
would visit the navy yard, said:
the Local Committee
Secretary Places Respon
sibility Directly Upon
CORTELYOU ON
. " VALLEJO TRIP
P. Sullivan, Chief of Police, commandfne.
2. Battalion police of San Francisco.
3. Grand marshal and staff.
4. Golden Gate Park band.
5. Troop A, Cavalry, N. O. C, as special es
cort to the President, Captain Charles Jansen
commanding.
6. The Veteran Guard of California, G. A.
R., First Lieutenant i Harry W. Mortimer,
commanding, guard of honor for the battle
nags of President McKlnley's regiment.
7. His Excellency the President of the
United States.
8. Presidential party.
9. Governors of California I and Ohio, with
their staffs. . • .
10. The executive committee.
11. Members of Congress.
12. Distinguished citizens. .
13. United States troops. General Shatter and
staff. Colonel Rawles commanding detach
ments.
14. United States navy. Rear Admiral Silas
Casey and staff. Lieutenant Commander J. B.
Milton commanding Naval Brigade; Captain
C. M. Perkins commanding Marine Battalions;
Lieutenant Commander W. S. Hughes com
manding bluejackets.
- 15. Second Brigade, National Guard of Cali
fornia, Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil commanding.
16. Naval Battalion. N.G. C." Captain T. A.
Nerney commanding.
The United States troope will assemble on
Townsend street, right resting on Third. The
battalions of bluejackets and marines will take
their position on the left of and immediately
after the United States regular troops.
The Second Brigade will take their position
on the left of and Immediately after the United
States naval forces. The First Infantry will
form on Brannan street, right resting on
Third; the Fifth Infantry on their left.
The First Battalion of artillery will form
on Bryant street, right resting on Third. The
Signal Corps will form on Third and King
streets, with their right resting on east side
of Third street.
Troop A, cavalry, will form at' Third and
Townsend streets, facing, north, right resting
on east side of Third street. The Naval Bat
talion, N. G. C, will take their position on the
left of the troops of the Second Brigade and
will assemble on Silver street, right resting
on Third street. All organizations will report
to the grand marshal at Third and Townsend
streets not later than 3:15 p. m. . •
R. H. WARFJELD. Grand Marshal.
General Warfleld has Issued the follow
ing circular of the parade formation for
Tuesday:
The BTand marshal has the honor to an
nounce that the parade formation of the escort
tendered to his Excellency the President of the
United States on the occasion of his arrival
in this city, Tuesday, May 14, 1901, will be
composed and take positions in columns as
follows, viz.: '
X. Mounted police of San Francisco, "William
National and State Mili
tary Bodies Will Make
Up the Day Procession
Additional Subscriptions.
The executive council of finance ac
knowledges the following additional sub
scriptions received up to yesterday noon:-
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, JlOO;
Commercial Union Insurance Company, $100;
Royal Insurance Company, JlOO; Hartford Fire
Insurance Company, $100; A. B. Forbes & Son,
JlOO; Voss, Conrad & Co., $100; Pacific Mutual
Life Insurance Company, $100; William Mc-
Donald, $50; Aetna Insurance Company, $50;
Christensen, Edwards & Goodwin, $50; Hel
vetia Swiss Fire Insurance Company, $50;
Thomas J. Conroy, $50; The Liverpool, London
& Globe, $50; Insurance Company of North
America, $50; Hamburg: Bremen Fire, $25;
Transatlantic Fire Insurance Company, $25;
Manheim, Dibbern & Co., $25; Lion Imperial,
$25; North German Fire Insurance Company,
$25: New Zealand Insurance Company, $25;
British and Foreign Marine, $25; Kdward
Brown &; Son, $25 ; Cesar Bertheau, $25; Scot
tish Union and National Insurance Company,
$25; Catton, Bell & Co., $25; Edward E. Potter,
$25; Thames & Mersey Marine Insurance Co.,
$25; Atlas Insurance Company, $25: J. B. F.
Davis & Son, $25; Pacific Surety Company, $25;
Canton Insurance Company, $25; Indemnity In
surance, $25; Georgre Marcuse & Co., $25; Alli
ance Marine and General Assurance, $25: Sea
lnsurai.ee Company, $25; Johnson & Hlg^ins,
$25; Union Marine Insurance Company, $25;
Reliance Marine, $25; Phenix Insurance Com
pany of Brooklyn, $25; United States Fidelity
and Guaranty Company, $25; Royal. Exchange
Assurance. $25: Fidelity and Casualty Com
pany of New York, $25: City Title Insurance
and Trust Company. $25; American Surety
Company of New York, $25; National Surety
Company, $2T,; Gutt« ; & Frank, $20; Gordon &
Frazer. $20: Norwich Union Fire Insurance So
ciety. $10; H. B. Houghton, $10; James Munsell
Jr., $10: Alexander G. Hawes, $10; M. C. Har
rison, $10: W. Loalza & Co., $10; Benjamin J.
Smith. $10; Thomas C. Grant, $10;- Union Mu'
tual Life Insurance Company, $10: Manhattan
Life Insurance Company, $10; Watson & Tay
ior, S10; T. E. Pope, ?10; Patrick F. Dimdon,
£10; J. D. Maxwell & Co., $5; George F. Grant,
J5; cash. $5; total, $2010.
The total amount of subscriptions to
date is $31,156 25. ¦<
•
FORMATION FOR
TUESDAY PARADE
bon composed of the national colors has
been sent from the State of Ohio to crown
the brow of the battleship when she glides
from her cradle out into the waters of the
bay. It was sent by- C M. Converse of
Delaware. Ohio, and the local Ohio So
ciety 'will make an effort to have the
wreath adorn the ship during the cere
mony of launching as an appropriate sym
bol of the State whose name the ship is
destined to bear. ' fj
The design of decoration of the Union
League clubrooms " submitted by Miss
Alice G. Bush of Berkeley has been ac
cepted, and the contk-act for carrying out
the plans has been - awarded to her.
Stanford Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West has . engaged the river
steamer City of Stockton for the purpose
of giving the members and their friends
an opportunity to witness the launching.
The vessel will leave at 11 o'clock from
Washington-street wharf, and after the
launch there will. be a cruise around the
bay.
Minor Changes Made in Programme for Entertainment of the
Distinguished Guest During His Stay in San Francisco.
STREETS TAKE ON COLOR AND GAYETY
AGAINST TIME OF PRESIDENT'S VISIT
Strict orders had been given to the vet
erens who kept guard at the door to al
low none to enter or leave until the Presi
dent and his ; immediate party had gone
out. By this means a clear passage from
the door to the waiting carriage was kept
and the President was enabled to leave
the hall very comfortably. .
?, The Presidential carriage did not get
very far on its Journey before another
stop was made, this time as it turned into
•Forest avenue, toward the entrance to the
seventeen-mile drive.' Here. he spoke for
a few moments to the hundreds of people
who were debarred from entrance to the
Grand Army session and who therefore all
the more eagerly awaited his appearance.
At this point It was very difficult to
keep the crowd in order. : Although the
whole length o* the street over which the
President was to pass had been roped off
and officers were on hand to keep the
people back, the crowd disregarded all
checks and pressed up to the very wheels
of his carriage while he spoke.
Then the party started for the seven
teen-mile drive, but before going very far
the -President turned off, entered another
carriage. and was rapidly driven back to
the Del Monte. The remainder of th©
party went on the drive."
¦ At -the conclusion of the- speech he was
presented to the department commander
and officers and was given a seat upon the
platform while Secretary Hay addressed
the veterans; ¦...-._.
Secretary Hay Speaks.
A committee composed of B. A. Eard
ley, Thomas Filben, O. S. Trimmer and C.
K. Tuttle called upon - him this evenins
and delivered a beautifully engrossed
abalone shell, /upon which was an invi
tation to be present at the campflre and
banquet of the encampment to-night. The
President was . compelled to decline the
Invitation, although reluctantly. A great
basket of beautiful roses and carnations
was presented to him for Mrs. McKinley.
sides of our war- will be here and • their gons
will follow, and . this priceless heritage will
be transmitted to our latest generation. . In
de«d,, what . you -won and what we mean to
preserve • belongs to. civilization ¦ and to the
ages. (Loud and continued applause.)
He was met by a committee' composed
of B. A. Eardley, Thomas Filben and W."
C Gray, representing Pacific Grove: R.
F. Johnson. R. C. Sargent, A. Shaufels,
A. E. Pardee and Charles White, the
Town Trustees; T. J. Field, Will Jacks.
W. W. James, F. M.- Hilby, W. E. Par
ker, H. A. Greene, A. W. Jones Jr., J.
F. Moore, T. G. Lambert, J. B. Snively,
William Kay, Alexander Underwood of
Monterey, R, L. James, O. S. Trim
mer, George X>. Clark, F. P. Kins
man, J. A. Pell. C. R. Few, R.
F. Johnson, A. W. Fltzslmmons. R.
L. Sandwick, I. Manning King, C.
K. Tutt!e, R. C. Wornes, B. F. Tab
ler of Del Monte, Department Comman
der-elect George Stone. Department Com
mander George D. Molk, Senior Vice
Commander S. D. Ballou, Junior Vice
Commander Horace Bell, Adjutant Gen
eral T. C. Mastellar, Captain J. W. Cul
ver, past commander of the Department
of Nebraska, and Mr. Hubbard, the Pres
ident's comrade in arms, from the Grand
Army of. the Republic.
They gave him welcome to the three
towns.
•The President retired .before 9 o'clock,
and then the guests took possession of the
ballroom. The President has come to Del
Monte for a rest and he- intends to take It.
He has had one of ¦ the rear entrances
assigned to him and no one else In the
hotel may use it. He always haa a car
riage at his disposal and his every wish
is anticipated. When he arrived this morn
ing he was offered the use of a gayly dec
orated equipage with four black horsea.
but he declined it, saying he did not wish
so much ostentation.
Outside, the trees of the park had been
strung with lanterns that blinked and
twinkled like restless, moons as' the light
wind swayed them among the ' branches.
The hotel was brilliantly lighted and the
whole * affair was one of the genuinely
select order. • --"--;^
• The . presentations were ; made • by Mr.
Scott and other members of the Presi
dent's party.
DEL MONTE, May 11.- What was
planned to_have.been just a small and In
formal . social j greeting to the President
this morning: developed Into an affair of
Importance, and one rather formal, for
the hotel was gay as ever It has been and
the few minutes the President spent In
the. parlors were the nucleus of a most
enjoyable evening of sociability. When It
was announced that, despite Mrs. Mc-
Klnley's indisposition. the President
would meet the guests of the hotel prepa
rations began In earnest, and before the
evening was old the halls were full of la
dles gowned In their best and men in par
lor raiment. Through the corridors there
floated %thp music from an orchestra, and
the lobby was filled with the hum of con
versation and the gay laughter of a peo
ple that had found a new pleasure.
The reception was held in the hotel par
lors, which -were none too big for the num
ber who were there. Each was eager to
be presented and the ceremony of intro
duction was a rapid and at times almost
a perfunctory one. but no one knows bet
ter than Mr. McKinley how. to make the
formality, short as It is, a -thing of reality
and there was not one who met the Presi
dent who did not feel -he was 'genuinely
pleased at the introduction.' — •
President Meets the
Guests of Del
Monte.
•THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CAI^,; STJ3SDAT,' MAY 12, I901i v
the greeting: extended by the
oivll wcr veterans to the
President in PnciAc Grove.
He Tras ivclcomed as ''Com
rade Willlani McKlnley," and,
pat tin sr aside the cllprxilty- of
his office, the nation's chief
became only an old soldier
among: old noldters. In his
Address to the encampment
he spoke feelingly of the *var"
days and of the remitting of
the Xorth and Sonth bj' ties
of patriotism that shall never
be rent asunder.
15Spread of Smallpox Epidemic Causes
Alarm Along the Alaskan
Coast.
."PORT - TOWNSEND. May 11. — The
SKAGTJAY POPULACE
.- DRIVES OUT INDIANS
SALINAS, May 1L— An unknown man,
terribly mangled, was found at Morocajo
station,' nine miles from Salinas, this
morning. The Coroner decided that the
man had been dead seven or eight hours
and it is believed he was struck and killed
by President McKinley's special train,
which passed there at 1:15 o'clock this
morning. Nothing was found on the body
which could aid in identification except
two pawn (tickets and a memorandum
book. One pawn ticket, issued . by the
Bell Loan Office of Seattle, was numbered
716 and called - for a telescope. It was
dated April 16. The other, from the O K
Loan Office in Seattle, was dated April 15
and called for a watch. It was numbered
5»51.' ' .. : -¦'
Unknown Man Found Shockingly
Mangled on the Track Near
Morocojo Station.
STBTTCK AND -rTTTJ.-RT)
; BY PRESIDENT'S TRAIN
SACRAMENTO. May 11.— Mrs. Newton
Booth and Mrs. Julia Dunn of San Fran
cieco are visiting at the residence of Judge
J. H. McKune, 1511 H street. Yesterday
afternoon, while taking a bath in the
bathroom, Mrs. ' Dunn placed a buckskin
bag containing diamond rings valued at
$1600 on a shelf. After the bath Mrs. Dunn
stepped across the hallway to her room
for some linen- She was away only two
or three minutes. When she: started to
return she saw the Chinese servant. Ah
Chung/ coming out of the door of the
bathroom. As soon as she re-entered the
room: she discovered that her diamond
rings were gone. !
An alarm was sounded at once and Ah
Chung was questioned about the rings.
He said that he did not know anything
about them. Word was then sent to the
police station' and Detective Fitzgerald
was detailed upon the case. As soon as
the officer made an investigation he was
convinced that the Chinese servant had
stolen the diamonds and placed him under
arrest. At th© time the rings disappeared
the only persons in the house were Mrs.
Dunn, Mrs. Booth, Mrs. McKune and the
Chinese.
MRS. JTTLIA DXTNN
" ¦ LOSES HER DIAMONDS
Chinese Servant in a Sacramento
. Home Charged With the Theft
of the Gems.
De Forrest's father has been communi
cated with and the lad will be kept here
until his parents are heard from. The
boys say they merely took the trip to see
the country and concocted the story they
told so that they would not be arrested.
Young De Forrest left his bank book with
$1300 to his credit at home.
Yesterday Chief Kidward received a dis
patch from J. Cadogan, manager of the
Hoffman House, asking him to locate
Creston de Forrest, who was believed to
be In this vicinity. The singularity in
name attracted attention, but last night
young 1 De Forrest denied that he was the
boy: wanted. This morning he confessed
to the police that he was Creston de For
rest. Ray will not say much about him
self: further than that he lives in. New
York. . ' , ¦¦
As no one named De Forrest could be
found at Willows the railroad ofllcials
took them to Sacramento, and later
brought them here, believing that
Willows, a suburb of this city, was where
their grandfather lived. Here they were
turned out upon the tender mercies of th©
world. The boys applied to the police to
find "Grandpa" de Forest, but the author
ities were unable to do bo. As they were
about to find shelter in a barn for the
night Mrs. J. W. Trousdell of East San
Jose took them into I her home and she
has cared for them for the last ten days.
The boys stoutly adhered to their story
that they had been sent to their grand
father.
De Forrest is but 12 years old, and with
him Is Harry Ray, another New York lad,
two years his senior. The boys bought
tickets to .Willows,- Cal.. for; $80, arid to
passengers whose attention they attracted
on the train they said they were being
sent to their grandfather, a farmer named
De; Forrest. They said their mother, had
put them 'on th© train, and besides tele
graphing to. their; grandfather to meet
them at the depot at Willows had given
them an envelope with his address upon
it. This they claimed to have lost. They
said their names were Charles and Fred
Roberts, and that they had visited their
grandfather here four years ago with
their mother. . a
SAN. JOSE, May 11.— The finding by
Chief of Police Kidward of Creston de
Forrest, son of Derwin de Forrest, assist
ant manager of the Hoffman House, in
New York, clears a mystery that has for
several weeks baffled Gotham's detec
tives. It waa believed that" young De
Forrest waa kidnaped on April 23, the date
on which he disappeared. Now It is known
that he only ran away from ¦ home to se©
the world. „,*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Jose Officers Communi
cate With Parents in
the East.
Youngsters Who Came
From New York '
; Confess.
POLICE HOLD
RUNAWAY BOYS
The Reeves were to be tried in Jasper
for th© murder of two deputy Sheriffs,
John E. Gardner and William Cox, on the
afternoon of June 1, 1885. The brothers, it
is alleged, escaped after committing the
crime and were not recaptured until sev
eral months ago, when they were arrested
in Illinois. Before being brought to In
diana they were incarcerated in Ken
tucky, charged with arson and bank rob
bery at Birds Eye. It is said that at this
time they secured $31,000, which they hid
before they were recaptured.
Huther, feeling that Reeves was about
to get the better of him, made a final
struggle and succeeded In throwing off
his adversary's hold so that he could
reach his revolver in a -rear pocket.
Drawing the weapon he leveled It at
Reeves' breast and shot him through the
heart
from their wrists and as the carriage
started to cross Paloga River bridge both
men sprang to their feet and leaped from
the carriage.
John Reeves was quickly overtaken,
bound and again placed in th© carriage.
Deputy Sheriff Huther followed in pur
suit of George Reeves. He fired twice
from a rifle at the. fleeing prisoner with
out effect, the latter finally making an
attempt to climb a steep embankment to
get into a dense wood. Here the deputy
overtook him and a "hand-to-hand battle
ensued, Reeves using his handcuffs,
which were still fastened to one wrist,
in an endeavor to dash out tho Sheriffs
brains. -
IX>S ANGELES, May ll.-A: ! W. Clapp/
who is: wanted In Salt -'Lake for allege^
forgery, was before Judge Smith *to-day
on habeas corpus proceedings, but he
failed to get his liberty," arid was, remand
ed to the custody.of! the .Chief of Police.
In her petition for a v writ. Miss' Helen
Cla'pp alleged that her brother was being
restrained of his liberty without legal pro
cess in : that no complaint . had I ever been
filed against . him.- '. This point,'; however,
was not well taken, inasmuch as the pris
oner is being held on a warrant for a fugi
tive from justice, for which the law spe
cially provides and . which was in every'
way. regular. • ¦ . ¦ . ,,.» .„•
Fails to Secure His Liberty.
When finally the mall driver came to
himself again the men had fled and ! had
taken about $6 in money and express
packages. No letters were touched, the
express evidently being. the s thing the men
were after. The mall driver says one of
the men was an Indian, and this one und
perhaps another he thinks/ he could iden
tify. The Postofflce Department at Wash
ington has been notified.
SANGERVILLE, Me., May 1L— Tha
stage which plies between this town' and
Abbot was held up by four robbers yes
terday ln true Western style. The 'di Ivor
says about noon he met four men, but
was wholly unsuspicious 'that they meant
mischief. One of the men came ud to the
driver and, said he was a Deputy Sheriff
and began to talk to him. The first thnig
the stage . driver knew he was knocked
from his seat with a club. Before he lost
consciousness he realized that the man
had seized his horse by the bit and he had
been given a stinging blow on the head.
He did not know anything for some time.*
Si>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
Take Express Packages
in True Western
.Style.V
BANDITS ROB
MAINE STAGE
. -JASPER, Ind., May 1L— In a desperate
battle with a deputy Sheriff George
Reeves was shot to death to-night near
'Huntingburg while being taken from Jef
fersonville Reformatory to Jasper, where
he and his brother John were to be placed
on trial for a murder committed sixteen
years ago.
Sheriff Gastrop arrived in Huntingburg
with the prisoners at 8 o'clock this evening.
In company with Deputy Sheriffs George
Gastrop and John Huther the prisoners
were started in a carriage to Jasper. By
the time the carriage reached a point
three miles from Huntingburg the pris
oners had quietly worked the handcuffs
Man Who Seeks
• Freedom.
KILLS FUGITIVE
IN A BATTLE
Indiana Officer Shoots
VISAUA, ; May "U.— Jasper /Harrell. a
millionaire . cattleman, rancher and capi
talist, is dying. He has property interests
in California, --Arizona,* New I Mexico and
Nevada. . ¦i*-«A7v*'sr-.' ..¦-¦.-. .-- ; .
Millionaire Cattleman Dying.
Postmasters Commissioned and Some
Pensions Issued to Veterans. •
WASHINGTON, May 11.— The Postofflce
Department has made the following an
nouncements: Postmasters commissioned:
California— James C. Rice, Little River;
John- C. Clark, Del Rey.v .
These pensions were j issued to-day.
California— Original— John Hasty, Los
Angeles, 58. Increase— Frank , Spencer,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8: John
O'Neill. Oakland, $8; William O. Skilling
ton, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8. - Or
iginal widows— Julia H. Day, Los Angeles,
$8. "War with Spain— Original— Elmer B.
Carey, San Francisco, $14. H
Oregon — Original — John C- .Pierce,
Marshfleld, $6. Increase — William Teght
meler, Portland, $12; Albert Tucker, Park
Place, $10. Original widows— Loretta M.
Taylor, Portland, $8. ,.-.. — . " ¦ . t.
Washington— Original— Henry - S. • Price,
North Yakima, $8. Original widows-
Phoebe S J.' Winget. Paropa, $8; Charlotte
Winnie, 1 Meadow, $8. -.".--• - • .
Tragedy at an Arizona Mine.
PHOENIX, Ariz.,' May 11.— McAllister
and Yoho, two stationary engineers at the
Empire. mine, seven miles from Prescott,
quarreled .this evening - and : McAllister
killed Yoho. ¦¦ ¦ "". . -•
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
FoolliardyToungMan Loses His Hold
and Falls Into a Rocky 'd
• Chasm.
ROSSLAND, B. C, May 1L— Edgar
Petch, a young amateur photographer,
met a shocking death in the mountains
near here. He climbed out on a project
ing limb hanging over a chasm so. that a
companion could photograph him as- he
hung suspended. In trying to return his
strength became exhausted and he fell
into the rocky chasm, below.
HANGS- FROM PRECIPICE
TO BE PHOTOGRAPHED
Destroyed.
BAKERSFIELD, May 11.— The Pitta
burg Company's well in the Sunset dis
trict took fire to-day. The machinery and
rig were destroyed and in all orobability
the well will have to be abandoned.
The well was being. sunk by contract
taken : by Jewett & .Blodget. The con
tractors have had hard luck and are losers
on the venture. Considerable oil has been
struck and the well was looked upon as
ah ultimate producer, but from various
causes the work has been delayed.' Opera
tions were suspended a month ago, but a
few . days ago they, were, resumed. A
pocket of gas was struck, which Ignited
and set fire to the works. It is probable
another contract will be entered into
whereby a new hole will be sunk on the
property. . . ' '
Pocket of Gas Encountered by a Drill
Is Ignited and Derrick
FLAMES SHOOT UP
FROM AIT OIL WELIi
Veterans in Session at Pacifific Grove
. Select the Place for Next
Encampment.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 11.— The closing
scssiohi''of the thirty-fourth annual en
campment of the Department of Cali
fornia and Nevada, G. A. R., was held
here to-day; and the veterans will leave
to-morrow, feeling: thai tne best encamp
ment in the history of the department has
been held at Pacific Grove. From start to
finish the affair has been one long suc
cess, and the entertained and entertainers
are equally well pleased.
Very little business beyond the Installa
tion of the newly elected officers was ac
complished during the day, the time be
ing occupied by the President's visit and
by preparations for this great event.
Department Commander Mott and Com
mander-elect Stone went to Del Monte to
visit the President this morning on behalf
of the veterans and arranged the pro
gramme which was so successfully carried
out this afternoon. The only other busi
ness transacted before adjournment was
the choice of Hanford as the place where
the next department encampment will be
held.
To-night the annual campflre and ban
quet was had in Monterey, and this func
tion concluded the programme of the en
campment.
THEY WHiIi GATHER
AT HANFOED NEXT YEAR
Aguinaldo's life is quiet. He seldom
goes out and is always accompanied by a
guard, as there is some apprehension of
his assassination by friends of General
Luna or personal enemies.
A party of insurgents partly burned the
bridge near Lucban.Tayabas Province, on
Thursday night, but were driven back
without loss on either side. '
The department of Southern Luzon Is
sending various expeditions in pursuit of
the remaining Filipino bands. It is ex
pected that the island of Mindoro will be
occupied In the near future. Many fugi
tive .Tagalogs and a quantity of arms are
reported to be concealed in Mindoro. The
United States Philippine commission is
overrun with applications for civil posi
tions,, and the officers of the new prov
inces are submitting many questions to
the commission. The routine business of
the Commissioners is heavy. The provin
cial officers have encountered no serious
difficulties.
MANILA. May 11. -The trial of Captain
Frederick J. Barrows, of the Thirtieth
Volunteer Infantry, quartermaster of the
department of Southern Luzon, on
charges connected with the commissary
scandals, was finished to-day. The verdict
has not been announced.
Pursuit of Filipino' Bands.
. I Instances of atrocities committed by natives
upon United tSates soldiers who have become
separated from their regiments or have fallen
into their hands are too numerous to mention.
In the Twenty-sixth Infantry, Privates Dugan,
Hay and Tracy, of Company E, were murdered
by tha,town authorities at Calinogr. Private
Nolan, at Dingle, was tied up by the hands
while in a stupor, and Insurgents were sent for
and cut his throat with a sangut. The body of
Corporal rtenehy, of Company E>, was dug up.
burnt and mutilated at Dumangas. Private
CHearn, captured by apparently friendly peo-
Ele near Leon, was tied to a tree,
urnt for four hours with a slow
lire. and finally ' slashed up. Ideuteji
ant Max Wasner was assassinated on
the road to Potoan on October 1 by Insurgents
disguised in American uniform. In November
at Jaro a large flag of truce was used to entice
officers into ambush, and by order of the native
commander all persons displayed white flags in
the country where our troops operated, not for
protection, but to give warning to the insur
gents to hide their pins and disguise them
selves. Details can be furnished of butcheries
at Leganes and Mina, and of a burial alive
near Barotao Nuevo. As against . these atroci
ties, the conduct of the American troops in the
Philippines has been eo humane as to be a
continued course of surprise to all foreigners
and to the natives themselves.
Americans Follow Rules of War.
The War Department supplements the
report with these comments:
There may have been instances In which na
tive troops op«ratlng on the aide of the United
States have practiced toward the natives of
other tribes the methods of warfare followed
by the barbarous or semi-civilized people, but
bo far as the department is advised, and it has
made most careful and painstaking investiga
tions into all charges of this character, the
laws and customs of war, as practiced by all
civilized nations, have in no instance been de
parted from by officers and soldiers of the
United States in the Philippine Islands.
The special report from the Philippines
was the result of an allegation made by
Sergeant Charles S. Riley of Company M,
Twenty-sixth Infantry. In a private let
ter written to a friend in Northhampton, j
Mass. Sergeant Riley described the
"water cure treatment" administered to
natives to compel them to disclose where
they had secreted arms and ammunition.
The major commanding the battalion,
the captain of Company M and Sergeant
Riley himself assert positively that no
officers or soldiers of the regiment took
part in any water cure proceedings or
other Inhuman. treatment of natives. This
has been the invariable result of investi
gations that have repeatedly been made
as to the foundation of sensational stories
sent home by soldiers in letters to their
relatives.
On a Tour of Inspection.
Secretary Root has approved a plan by
which Brigadier General Breckinridge i
inspector general of -the- United States:
army, will proceed to the Philippines for !
an extended tour of inspection. The start !
will be made about June 20, on the trans- !
port Ingalls, leaving New York by the J
Suez canal. There are a larsre number j
of military posts scattered through the i
Philippines, and it is understood to be I
the idea to get a thorough knowledge of I
their condition and needs, not only for the |
President, but with reference to the tran- j
sition stage from military to civil rule, i
which is now being rapidly brought about, j
It is expected at the War Department i
that the homeward nvrvement of the vol- !
unteer regiments In Jhe Philippines will j
begin to-day or to-morrow by the de- i
parture from Manilaj of the transports
Hancock, Pennsylvania and Buford. car
rying the Thirty-flrst/Fortieth and Forty
first Infantry. The remaining seven regi
ments will be forwarded by other trans
ports between now and the 20th inst., and
the officials of the quartermaster's de
partment predict tha* the last of the vol
unteer army will be to this country ready
for muster out June v i0,. ten days before
that army expires by limitation.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 11.— Atrocities
committed by Filipinos upon American
soldiers is the subject of a special report
received by. the War Department from
Manila. The report says: "\
Special Dispatch to The Call.
On the Other Hand, Ameri
cans Have Observed the
Rules of Warfare.
Atrocities Committed by
Filipinos Upon
Captives/
Constable "Walker of Modoc Cotmty
Becelves a Mortal Wound In - :
the Encounter.
, ADIN, May 11.— Sheriff Behrens of
Shasta County arrived here this morning
on the track of Dorland and Illingsworth,
who escaped from the Shasta County Jail
April 9. A Modoc County Constable, H.
S. Walker of Alturas, met Sheriff Beb
rens, here and they located the fugitive
three miles north of Adin. -\
A hand-to-hand combat ensued. Dur
land was killed, supposedly accidentally,
by a bullet from his companion's rifle, as
he was between j the Sheriff and Illings
worth. Dorland did not shoot, as the
iSheriff had him covered, but Illingsworth
fired a score of times, three bullets pierc
ing the Sheriff's clothing-. Constable
Walker was shot through the left hip,
probably fatally.
Illingsworth escaped. Dorland's body
was taken to Adin to await a Coroner's
Inquest. -
Walker, besides being: Constable at Al
turas, is the operator of the California
and Oregon Telegraph Company's office
at that place. . .
REDDING, May 11.— Under Sheriff Rich
ardson received the following telegram at
4:45 o'clock: ;
' "Tracked fugitives sixty-five miles after
hand-to-hand fight. Constable of Alturas
probably fatally shot. . Several bullets
pierced my clothing-. Came out O K. Dor
land killed. Start for Redding to-morrow.
1 "C. H. BEHRENS."
Sheriff Behrens left here on Wednesday
for Modoc County after B. H. Dorland
and "W. C. Illlngsworth, escaped prisoners
from the Shasta County Jail, who were
reported to be" making toward Idaho.
From, the telegram, which came by way
of Reno, it would seem there were two
fatalities resulting from a desperate en
gagement. ' - .
Dorland and Illingsworth escaped from
tho jail here by gaining access to the in
sane ward, pulling out the staple of the
lock of a door leading- into the jail yard,
scaling the high wall and gaining the
hills west of town. Sheriff Behrena be
lieves friends must\have shielded the men
for ja. while afterward. Absolutely noth
ing could be heard from them for a couple
of weeks. Then they sent into Delta,
thirty miles north of Redding, for car
tridges. They were heavily armed.
Where they procured the weapons, unless
from those who shielded them, is a mys
tery. Behrens . was notified and got on
their trail west ot Delta, but lost it when
they turned upon the railroad track. It
Is now believed the fugitives followed the
track, probably at night, to Sisson and
then started east for Idaho. Behrena
heard of their suspected presence and
left here on Thursday morning for Al
turas. The encounter of this morning was
the result. ¦
Fugitives Open Fire and One
Is Accidentally Killed
by His Comrade.
Sheriff of Shasta Over
takes Two Escaped
Prisoners.
DESPERADOES
GIVE BATTLE
TO OFFICERS
TROOPS SUFFER
AWFUL TORTURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 12, 19U1.
steamer. Victorian arrived from Skaguay
this morning bringing one hundred pas
sengers. The Victorian reports consider
able excitement .in the north because of
the smallpox epidemic and various settle
ments are taking every precaution to
check the disease. At Skaguay ! the" In
dians were driven oat and a strong guard
placed around the town to prevent their
return. One or two cases or the disease
exist among the employes of the,Tread
well mine on Douglas Island and, accord
ing to reports, it is. believed that the big
mining plant will have to shut down un
til the disease is stamped out.
Bitten by a Pet Babbit.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 11.- While
playing with a pet rabbit yesterday Lou
ise Ruiz, 7 years of a?e, waa bitten on
ono of her fingers by the animal. Blood
poisoning: has developed and the physi
cians mow regard her condition as ex
tremely critical. • .
16
'^T>u KK-TTRTiiVrMry'r?^
kIJH B Bm a Rfl/^^n^
There will be another car. But the man
can't wait. He chases the car and swings
on, panting and hot, bnt satisfied.' He
keeps this gait up all day. He works that
way, he lunches that way. He contin- I
nes this until his stomach "breaks down" t
and nature compels him to "go slow."
. Business men who have impaired their
digestion by hasty eating will find" in
Dr. Pierce's Golden" Medical Discovery,
a cure for dyspepsia and other diseases
of the stomach and organs of digestion
and | nutrition. It does not give mere
temporary relief, but it effects a radical
cure. It strengthens the stomach, nour-
ishes the nerves and purifies the blood.
"For six long years I suffered with my liver,
kidneys, and with indigestion, which baffled
the best doctors in' our country," writes E. -I..
Ransell, Esq., of Wools^y, Prince William Co.
Va. '- "I suffered with my stomach and back for
| a long time, and after taking a * cart-load ' of
medicine from' three doctors, I grew so bad I
could hardly do a days work. Would have
death-like pains. in the side, and blind Spells,
and thought life was hardly worth living' I
began taking Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
• covery and ' Pleasant Pellet*,' as advised. Be-'
fore r had taken half of the second bottle I
began to feel relieved. I got six bottles and
used them, and am happv to say I owe my life
to Dr. Tierce and his medicines." .
, Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure' biliousness.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A RELIABLE PILE CURE.
The'Pyramld Pile' Cure Is the safest and
surest pile cure on the market, because
it contains no. mineral .. poisons nor opium
nor cocaine, but .can be used with abso-*
lute safety and certainty of cure, v '.
.Many physicians are now using the
Pyramid Pile Cure in place of surgical
dperatipns, being Dainless, | convenient to
use, and the patient can attend ; to his
daily occupation while the cure, is being
made, as it is used at night and no addi-
tional treatment Is necessary.
I>r. /Wharton says the , Pyramid j Pile
Cure will prove a.' blessing to mankind,
when it is remembered- that heretofore a
surgical operation was considered the only
euro with all its danger to, life, intense
pain and an expense of from ten* to one
hundred dollars, to say nothing .of , the
possible return of the trouble. The Pyra-
mid Pile Cure is sold by. druggists at 50
cents and $1.00 and does the work quick-
ly and safely. ' ji
A book 'on'- cause and.'cure'of piles will
be.' mailed free by ', addressing ¦- Pyramid
Company/Marshall. Mich.: -^^gSgHH ¦' \
Dr: Sanden's ELEGTRIC BELT
lllll AND Electric Herctilex
'fgt-FREE TRIAL
My latest invention, the Dr. Sanden Herculex Body Battery iqoi
Model, with suspensory; cures weak men, results of youthful • errors, Im-
potency, Nervousness, Lame Back, Varicocele, etc Other attachments
used by women as well for Rheumatism, Stomach, Bladder Troubles, etc.
••Herculex" is worn comfortably around the waist at night, curing while
you sleep. Great improvement over ordinary electric belts, though I still
make the regular Dr. Sanden Electric Belt (imitated by ' others) and
either that or my new " Herculex" will be sent to sufferers on sixty days'
FREE TRIAL WITHOUT ONE CENT IN ADVANCE OR ON DEPOSIT. Call personally.
at my office for free consultation or, write to-day sending symptoms. My
descriptive book sent sealed free by mail. •
DR. A. SANDEN.. 6-O'Farrell Street, San Francisco, Cala.
Office. Hours, 9 to 6 ; Wed. and Sat. Evenings until 9. Sundays 10 to x.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -¦' '_ l-.-^-.n.,-^;-, -.—'--.- -
| EXTRAORDINARY 5ALE 5 COIVIMENCING MAY 13 5 0F|
% Ladies' Silk Silk Silk Ladies' Silk !|
Dress Skirts Waists Petticoats Suits Etons =i
.•fc . ; — — ; -— : 1 ~ *3
5= "We assert with much assurance that such marvelous values have never been offered, and we intend -j
SI that ffr<* sale will eclipse all oar previous offerings in this popular department. .
§= $3.98 FOR A $6.50 SILK WAIST. $18.50. for $27.50 Silk Dress Skirts. $5.95, $8.60 and $10.50 FOR 3
fc TVe place on sale to-morrow 1000 new One hundred new 611k Dress Skirts have TJlfllfFIVTAFFRTA F.TOK .TAf.JTRTS 32
Tafleta Silk Waists, hemstitched and cord- arrived which we will place on special lUUMil/ liUTEIA EilUfl UAI^ADIO.
ed all over. Bishop sleeves, excellent wear- T beglnnlne to-morrow. A very elabo- Before Monday ni*ht this sale of Silk
g~ Iue ouaJity guaranteed; In colors of blue. „' ",*"*, Jl^'tix, >,«o->, B « Eton ¦ Jackets will be the most talked of
HI nlnk/ reseda, old rose, cardinal, black and rate showln* of strictly hl»h-class dress barrain event ot the s(?ason . The back- =^5
L*~ white. We bought them from a manufac- skirts, made of guaranteed Taffeta and ward 6prlng In the East curtailed the sales —g
gT" turer who was pressed for ready cash, Peau de Sole, trimmed with Liberty and of one of New York's best manufacturers. ~5
»— hence this great bargain. They are worth chlft on ruffles, ribbon trimming: and ap- We bought them at a sacrifice, hence these -*m
§= $2.98 FOR A $5.50 SILK WAIST. $7.25 FOR $12.00 SILK PETTICOAT $16.95 for LADIES' $25 TAILOR SUIT 3
fc= For Monday only, another great Silk Ma( j e o f best quality guaranteed Taffeta A 1 ** d \?£ ?,^iI O TiJ 1A BU i if t^w*^*
Silk, cut extra full. .with double^gradu- g&b£j& SSSftx Tufco^ot l-^on 3
' SZ new Bishop sleeves, dimmed with gill atcd accordion plaited flounce and extra nlB regular selling price. They coma ln
,^_ buttons- in colors of cream, white, black, dust ruffle, in all the new colorings, such Cheviot. Venetian and Broadcloth, in tan, -55
, m*— ii e ht blue pink, old rose, navy, red and as reseda, old rose, watermelon pink, red, red, navy, castor and black: all the very — <m
'Z^Z cra.v- a perfect fittine waist: 6lzes 32 to lavender, light blue and black. Regular latest Eton and blouse effects; every suit :3
; SE= 44 -VegulaT value $5.50. On sale fi?Q.98. price $12.00. Special at..... <K'7 r - a5 » s worth $25 and $27; perfect fit .3
¦ j^~ for Monday only at tj>^5 — 1 : «J> * guaranteed. Soecial at *,.. «P1O
I ENORMOUS BLACK SILK SALE. I
t An unusual trade condition placed $10,000 worth of fine Black. Silks in our possession at a price 12
¦*-- that enables us to turn them over to you at a positive saving: of from 25 to 33 1-3 per cent on regular
*~- price. "We -will not go into further details of this transaction, but ¦what is of more importance to you is that
8^ the Silks have arrived and that there will be a sensational selling here to-morrow; ¦ -^
E 44cYards^k. y^^r^o B r nnTn^I97^ ti^&^Zu^Z^ EXTRA SPECIAL FOR MONDAY OEY.
Worth 60c Sgng^Sa'Sffi^t."!!^* Worth W.2a-ffi»^Tff ! * a ?Z5 SS'WrJS? Best 85c Quality Colored Taffeta 63c Yd. 3
j£Z Yard 44c in fact the best that can be had at that _, . .. . .. , „ , , - ,, _2»
— price. On' sale here at Yard 07c . Remember that this offerlngr Is for Mon-
•*- — » ¦ . .~J. . ' » ,. t -r.1 t ¦ da y onl y- 200 pieces plain colored Taffeta -^
' S^ R7f Yfffd 4000 y ard8 ,& ood Quality Black n»»4 Extra fine cure dve Black eii * ia over on « hundred new colorings; -^t
SH Oil/ IttTU Taffeta Silk. a. rich, lustrous §{ {% Y&TQ p?aS %. SoS^ the moat tZ every scarce color ln this let, including =^
-^= WOrth 75C black ' a^ lncll A a w , lde: » * xtra ma *i Rftvonte Wide Bilk in °m now plenty of reseda, old rose, light blue, pink, 12
fc WOrlD /0C v-lue .two. On sale at ... Worth $1.50 J 0 T~lS^ and skirts; the ktad **¦ na^' "W- ««*«¦. turquoise, laven-
Yard 57c - hou8e Qn der pwple crearn .and pure^te: regu-
ZZ special sale here at Yard fl.lS "* *SSS »f e ¥£« 63C
/in tt s vruvi ..p-j, «r» ihaIi r-pnnin*> ¦ «sre to-morrow at Yara vf w
Zl OOC Yard' Sr S Sta S It* VnrH All-silk Black Satin Duchesse. NONE SOLD TO DEALERS.
Wnrfh Cl OR guaranteed to give perfect *«u lfllu a rich, lustrous black; every „ , , _ f , _^«
S tt » Si ipec^ £ sale ! °a n t : ...".^ard 83c WOrtb 60C l^..^t[^:..^.. yft 48™I SolO BldCfc YelYCt RlbljOflS 3
y- ' . Another great opportunity to buy Black **^
J5X 4,. — i ' a> Velvet Ribbons, here
•^— . ¦ i^i,,.* ««j jj^ .^^Bw Piece. \V orth -nfy
i^m» cruozse, rea, Dluet ana bi^^* „ .^B^t TCo 1 25c 45c — •*
%T~ black; extra quality _^+^*^fiBr ¦ No. 2 — OOc 83c ~^
*^" I8TQ, -^^^^g^gB^^m^— _ equally low prices. — «•
• ® ¦ ; ¦ _
B COLORED DRESS GOODS SPECIALS. GROAT WASH MAY SALE OF HOUSEFURNISfllNGS. 3
g snk.FliiishAU-WoolBaUste^ nr ondsh,p- GOODS OFFERINGS. b ™ e %Trt^ u \n b ¥I^£.k^i^k 3
S1.00 a Yard. - - be * u " f ?V 44 *, 1 . nch <*?- -«-.r % j napkins, towels, bedspreads, =3
m^^ 'uel, navy, laa, cagtor, garnet ana gra>. it .. r*x>Tr< \nn ni"/^xTTr»Tr o a irTwn o a t tt» jr
S^ has the appearance of $2 a yard ci.oo By a fortunate purchase of over MONti v -BAVlJN0r i>AL.b be- -^
•^-'material. Here special at.... Yard O I — 12.0CH) yards of high-class Imported elns . to-morrow. % Lack of space per;- =S
y- ¦ s Wash Goods, all this season's styles mits us to quote only a few items: -^
fc TWO BLACK GOODS SPECIALS FOR SfciSSSS'^Lrai*,???^^ lOc 3
£ MONDAY AND TUESDAY. 1 !! $£&!$%& -SJg S^^^iSntS 3
rZ „. „, , „, . . ,„ „ , B . wisS ln Dlaln and fanc y COlorin&S. 14C fowels "^hiulnd blue tor-
75c Black Gbenot 48c Yard. »SS]*^Ss^^a^
For Monday and Tuesday -we offer 50 all the dainty colorings; not an unde- fto ¦c-Ar-TT—s p« m Hnnwnnms -Re* =2
—T P^es 42-inch All-wool Black Cheviot, al- eirable piece among them; they sold 98C sDreads lanre^ size hraS readv
fc ready^spongred and shrunk; extra good all through the season at 25c a yard. r u7e- re%ar fl 4 quality StccUiI =2
fc quality and worth 75c a yard. AQ r Your choice, while they last. 1=^, 1° USe> regular n Z5 Q ' ty kac h 9S0 =^
*— Special at Yard T^OW at Yard lOv ~T '" '. ¦ " .j-«. < .i«.c»cv>
y al iju-u fl* 1 .95 EACH— 5 cases extra large sire — m
a^_ .. _, , „ T , . n TT , €B 1 Marseilles Quilts, ln very choice ""5
£ $1.50 BLACK BROADCLOTH $1.12 YD 25c. Plain, Grass Linen 17c Yard.
For Monday and Tuesday we -offer the : For Monday only we offer 20 pieces fljf .65 DOZEN— 200 dozen '23-inch Equare?':^
f^ best ?l 50 quality E2-inch Black panne plain Grass Linen, so much in demand «J> 1 All-linen Damask Napkins, in " "^
finish Eroadcloth, a rich black.- C|. 12 for suits and waists: regular |7f» very choice patterns; regular value. $2. ' ~^
ZZ Special at „ Yard<I>l 25c quality. Special at Yard * * w Special at Dozen $1.65,—
B SPECIAL SALE OF YALENCIENNES LACES. HOSIERY DEPARTMENT OFFERINGS. | %
We place on special sale, beginning to-morrow, over 10,000 PZf\r* PAIR-fAn elegant display of Ladies' Fancy Hosiery In ***
y floren Valenciennes Laces, a direct importation of the choicest Uvv the Iqlest Paris novelties in Lisle and fine Cotton Hose, *|g
and nicest patternn ln Edgings and Insertions .at a saving of in stripes, figures and polka dots, latest colorings; 50 new styles, — «
y FIFTY PER CENT on regular prices. This large shipment at : 5Oc pair -^
' should have been here over two months aeo and on account of sf\~. PATT8^T^»fli«»«' Silk Finish AH Over Lace Lisle Hosp In "-•
fc Kt ? l % e Z ma ° u f a =turer made us a large price conces- 50C twVnV^w d'esfgni, in Black Red. l"e and Wnlte"
ZZ- * ion - tence these unparalleled offerinss. , extra i engt h ; double heels, soles and toes. Extra value at...:..! =^
mSZ~ I K^DOZEN— 1C00 dozen Valenciennes Laces, neat patterns, % ••••• ..5Oc pair
•— 1OW inch wide. Regular price 25o dozen. ; W^C* EACH— Ladles' Lisle Finished Cotton Vests, with fancy r—
.fc OHr DOZEN— 1000 dozen Valenciennes Leces, neat patterns, <*>***>' open-work front, self-trimmed neck and arm holes; in
ZUt %_. inch wide. Regular price S5c dozen. white only; all sizes, at 25c each ~r
T" O^r» DOZEN— 1000 dozen Valenciennes Laces, neat patterns, KOf» EACH— Ladles 1 _Meroerlzed Lisle Vests, neatly trimmed, -«
Jfc: ZDCi inch wide. Regular price 40c dozen. P«ierns, OUt m Pink. Blue. White and Ecru; a fine lookln* and -JJ
g €*er r DOZEN-600 dozen Valenciennes Laces, neat " patterns. WearinS garment. Special at 5Oc each
E <J&c lsteta * a:! * itonito BBW COTTOH SHIRT WAISTS. ' 3
E TWO EXTRA SPECIALS IN TDCKINGS ™* ™° st exquisite and exclusive Shirt Waist Department in 3
fc *vvjiui««i Ban jYancisgo, Beautiful White Cotton, Linen and Mercerized ~2
•— RR/> VflT^ vvs Pieces Fine Hemstitched and Tucked All Over Colored Chambray j Waists, trimmed with lace insertion and -3
UUU ldlU YoEng, dainty patterns; worth 85c. Special at.... fine embroidery. Also plain, tucked and hemstitched and. what is "2
mm " Wnrfh Vxr • • •••• K5c yard more Important, they are the most perfect fitting waists fir 1 .OO TZ&
HUrUI 001 * shown. Prices ranging from.... ;.Each f 7.50, to «P I
7^r Yflffl 10 ° P Ieces Lace and Tucked All Over Yokings, ele- ' mTTTA irrrnrTiT /iatttit M i, ni m» '^£
Worth si 25 Biff^2£5S^gS&SKSS T^° MUSLIN GOWN BARGAINS. . 5
«»_ UOIIU pi. . . , • .. _ , From our Immense Muslin Underwear ""•
Dou Ldbll ¦ Bale we have picked over 12 dozen La- ZSm
tivmni Pnn/iTiT Wnrth Ki 9H anrt HA dles> Muslin Gowns slightly soiled from *^»
EXTRA SPECIAL. • ° OrU1 ! ' )llZ0 an(1 * ltUU beln & handled; broken lots which were -^
»— selling at $1.25 and |1.00. To close at 60c each =55
FC Yard Iffi. SS? P^^ "SSS $1 ?0 EaCh 3 flSTa^
fc Worth 20c and 10c SoL^* Worth $2.75 and $2.50 %£&&£• g&«&$& i
C= " 5c yard ..."..... $1.50 each
ISMAR.
ISMAR
THE J5YPSY
Marvelous Revelations of the
Future as Well as Facts
Told of the Past.
CROWDS CONSULT HER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO PUBLIC HAVE SO
often been humbugsad by charlatans in the
guise of Clairvoyants and Palmists that they
cannot fail to appreciate and visit for consulta-
tion Ismar. the celebrated Egyptian Seeress,
whose marvelous sift ot foresight has made har
the wonder of the ag-e.
In her chosen work sh» Is truly marvelous.
She tella of events ln your past life- long ago
forgotten. As for the future, she draws asld«
the mystic veils and rives you a correct in-
glght thereto. She sets the worried mind at
ease, tells of losses and achievements x et to
come, how to avert disaster, and also locatea
beyond the shadow of a doubt tha seat of any
physical ailment with- which one is afflicted.
Tho great Journals throughout America have
published so many Incidents of her foresight
that it would be but useless repetition to speak
of them here.
Ismar can be consulted dally and Sunday*
from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. at her office, 1143 Mar-
ket street," opposite Slzth. .
Announcement
tto the
Public
|"V W1NO TO THE yA-
\r vorablo criticism and
many Inquiries received by
us from the Medical Pro-
fession and others Interested regarding our
statement that tho so-called Weakness of Men
Is not a weakness but symptoms of inflam-
mation of the Prostate Gland (neck of blad-
der), caused by contracted disorders and early
dissipation, and that Loss of Vitality. Prema-
tureness, etc.. ar» Invariably cured by pro-
cedures directed toward correcting this Inflam-
mation, we wish to stata to theso many in-
quiries, ln the columns of the press, that It
takes approximately tea weeks to cure thes*
disorders of the mala, The treatment Is en-
tirely a local one, as no drugging the 3tomach
Is necessary, and that the patient may treat
himself at home, under our directions. We win
cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any
reliable physician on request. Tha colored chart
of th» organs, which we send free on applica-
tion to any one Interested ln tho subject, will
be found a great advantage ln "Home Diag-
nosis," as well a> a study for all Interested la
their anatomy. Very respectfully.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
< zi
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
[Stereo Field Glasses
] ! : ;^; — at —
reduced prices.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory om
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
64Z Market ot. instruments
j umde» chronicli Bun.Diw&. CATALOGUE FRE£.
iviSIT DR. JORDAN'S GREATi
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ 'df The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 »afc«m. Wor'd- Weakaessei or any contracted B
A ffi§£^ dueaw p-sltWrlyenredbytheolaest f
9 J-.»v4j s> P« c!1 -iit on the Coast. Est 36 years. 0
1 U^gfi'OR. JORDAM-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ 1 fljSfSS Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
B I JW«£ fl Treatment person»!ly or by letter. A A
\ fi a 11 M ******' C"""* >J> c»ery case undertaken. T
mr-ll lift Wnte far Book. Pnil.Osdl'ltVof m
\ H II ¦4BUMCE. MAILED FREE. (AT
A {X jj. valuable book for mm ) \
f DH. Joan AX A CO.. 1031 JTarfcet St.. S. F. f
|0B. AEBBE'S ELEGTfilG BELT;
• America Ahead of the World In Electrical Inren- •
£ tlons I KTerybody knows this! Our new Body-'
• Batttry, (IT. S. Pa tent) is «trictl7 an American :
'Iny-nUon— TIIK Belt of the Century. It «end» a,
, powerful, reversible current through the human ,
.body from Head to r-oot. eurmi; Chronic and 4
, Kerroua Diseases and Weakness of Jla'.eor female <
» as If by Magi.-. So jwaitire are we that no other <
¦ belt Is the equal of " Vr. Fiera:'s." that we will send <
>tt ON APPUOVAt. for comparison with any belt 1
; now sold la America. " Seelr.g la BelieTing. ', \
, NOTE.— We nerer send belts "On Trial," theTe-4
¦ . fore ln ordering "Dr. Pierce's" no risk is run of ?
. contracting Hh I>Imu>»« or other Disorders by ?
¦using an appliance pre-vloualr warn br «thrr +
• per«<>na. Call, or send a 2c. stamp for new "BookJet ?
;*o.l' Address: PIERCE tl.KCTRIC CO.Z
, 1145 T?ror»«lvr*v. '--nr »«;), ( • > JO-rr Vnrk.t
Or 2OB Post St.. San Franelnco.
Eu3h*v*rV*2^3u VuFtjT #^_TH mSr^MBK^SS^?^M
Si4 fcirroCa t%% wVSE£9i £m - wl *^
¦m ¦BiTTTnf *m 15RB EA **H~C~.I
Bu Bt IB b| fnEm wJ§ g^ §f m% "Mi
M. HALL'S KtlNYiGOUATOR^raSS
Five hundred reward for any AjV" 5 *^ 1
case we cannot cure. This secret 2tal i£F
remedy stops all losses In 21 hours, 1 i B
cures Emissions. Im potency, Vari- ssb flPSt
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet, Fits *vSl iR^f
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all i!lij Uiili
•wasting: effects of self-abuse or V"3j tii*
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle- 3 J^JSSL^m
bottles. |3: guaranteed to cure 'any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55
Broadway. Oak&nd.- CaL Also for sale at 1073V,
Market st. S P. All private diseases quicitlT
cured. Send for free book.
RRTT^1HPQ FOR BARBERS.. BAK-
Jt> Al U OXIX^O ers. bootblacks, bath-
. ' . houses, billiard table*,
crewers. bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flourmll^. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tannera, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
'" Brush Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento SIT In some';parts.;:of , -Russia : food sis. so
scarce that the peasants adopt the policy
of bears— spending \ most ' of .their; time | in
sleep to avoid getting hungry.
The most charming effects in natural
wood mouldirig3 in the dull Flemish and
polished finishes. Many new things In
mat boards recently added: Tiny blacks,
grays, greens, mahogany and gilt mould
ings used for framing small pictures pro
duce beautiful gems for wall decorations,
at very. reasonable. prices. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 711 Market street. •
Good Effects in Framing.
The great assignee's , sale of clothing to
morrow.. I. will sell men's genuine. worsted
suits, alii wool cassimere, fancy cheviots,
Oxford gray^ and tweeds, In checks and
stripes, round or square cut, sacks single
or double breasted, worth t $15, all for $4 65
a suit. -¦" Also, 500 men's spring overcoats,
stylish, in light tan and Oxford gray, silk
lined, worth. $15, for J4 65, at;the clothing
assignee 'sale of the Boston, 773 Market
street," near Fourth. P. C. .Kelly, assignee.*
Be Sure and Attend
New Mexico Murderers Sentenced.
SANTA FE, May 11.— Andes Calles and
Jose Sanchez were sentenced at." Silver
City to be hanged on June 7, Jesus Ranios
to ninety-nine years and Frank C. | Brito
to ten years In the penitentiary for mur
ders committed, in Grant County within
the past few months.
terday denied the. right of striking work
men to "picket" a shop for the purpose of
persuading others from • entering the
works.
The decision was given on appeal from
Judge Holdom's court in contempt pro
ceedings brought against strikers who
had violated an Injunction prohibiting
them from "picketing" the Winslow Bros.'
works during the strike two years ago.
Court Decides That Men Who Are
i 'Willing to Work Cannot Be
Restrained.
CHICAGO, May 11.— The branch Appel
late Court in a decision handed down yes-
"PICKET" BY STRIKERS
IS CONTRARY TO LAW
Creditors.
CLEVELAND,' Ohio, May ll.— Besides
the it owes depositors, the Cuya
hoga Savings and Banking Company is
also said to be liable to about; $200,000 of
notes on which its name was Indorsed by
President'!*. N.. Pollock. Most of these
notes are- said to be those of the United
States Carbon Company, the Short Manu
facturing Company -and other enterprises
in which Pollock was interested. .
Depositors, however, .will jj probably be
treated as preferred creditors \ over the
creditors of notes on which Pollock placed
the " name of his bank. ;
The bulk.of the notes thus Indorsed are
held by banks outside of the city and the
total amount'of them^ls not yet 'known.
It was stated, however, rthat they will
probably amount to nearly $200,000.
Depositors of Pollock's Concern Will
Be Treated as. Preferred,
LARGE DEBTS LEFT —
¦ " BY STJICIDB BANKER
Louis Casslr was also a passenger.'. -He
comes to , pave the way ' for a delegation
of / British workmen of j the engineering
trade who! will visit this country in six or
eight weeks. ..The party will , consist • of
ten" s union men and ten. non-union men,
who will visit the manufacturing centers
of New England and then go to Chicago
and Milwaukee. :' The reason of their visit
is to see how the 'American workman per
forms a day's work.' Casslr said: >"- ---=.¦;
""."The,. British -workman has* suddenly
awakened . to { the ; fact I that .Germany and
this country, are getting the best of them
in 'the trade' competition. 'f Engineers ¦ have
visited this country and as a result Ameri
can ; machinery : has been set -up ¦ in many
places,'; but in spite :, of this we are , not
getting : the same results. The men ; who
/ "The ' European nations, are not in love
with this country. . They are Jealous of
the United States and her wonderful pro
gress and development 'Then again there
is a strong pro-Spanish feeling over there.
President McKinley, however, -is looked
on as a great .man and admired." .;
¦ NEW YORK, May 11.— Among the pas
sengers from Europe *n the steamship
St. Louis were Hamilton Fish and family.
Fish said: -• -.-.:• , .• ¦ ¦ •'* •-;
European Nations Are
Jealous of Our •
Progress.
NOT IN LOVE
WITH AMERICA
The South African News to-day de
clares It has been decided to •reconstruct
the Ministry, with Cecil Rhodes as | Pre
mier, Dr. Jameson as Colonial Secretary!
and Sir John Gordon Sprigg as Treas
urer. The ' Premier (Sir. John '-:¦ Gordon
Sprlgg), however,, authorized a statement
that there was no foundation for the. re-
. . There were seven mew cases of plague
Friday." Three of the persons attacked
were Europeans. .
CAPE TOWN, May 11.— In a speech last
night General Brabant, who commanded
the Cape Town defense force, speaking of
the. defense of Cape Colony/said: "It is
not every man in this country who will
be. allowed to carry a rifle in the future.'
Only loyalists will be permitted to do
that." : ;
"Since May 5 twenty-eight Boers, have
been killed, sijc' wounded and 130 taken
prisoners and 1S3 have surrendered. Nine
thousand rounds of ammunition,' 230
wagons, 1500 horses and large quantities
of grain and stock have been captured."
LONDON'. May 11.— Lord Kitchener re
ports ' to the War Office under date of
Pretoria, May ,10, as follows:-
Kitchener Continues to
Make Reports of
Victories.
BOERS CAPTURED
BY THE BRITISH
WASHINGTON, May IL— An attempt to
sell the confidential communications be
tween the Attorney General and the Sec
retary of War In the Neely case was un
earthed to-day by Chief Wilkie of the se
cret service.
Information had been obtained from
Judge John D. Lindsay, counsel for Neely
in New York, who had received a letter
eigrned John B. Dickenson offering him
copies of the correspondence. Judge Lind
say turned the matter over to the Attor
ney General yesterday. The latter called
In Chief Wilkie and placed the matter in
his hands. An officer was sent to the gen
eral delivery window of the local pest
office and when a man presented himself
and asked for mall for John B. Dicken-
Fon he was followed. He went direct to
the Insular department of the. War. De
partment.
tehortJy afterward a conference between
the Secretary of War. Solicitor General
Richards of the Department of Justice,
Colonel Edwards, chief of the insular bu
reau, and Chief Wilkie was held, and it
¦was discovered that the man representing
himself as John B. Dickenson was Wil
liam Davis Williams, the stenographer of
Colonel Edwards, a position which he has
Clerk's Scheme Uncov
ered by Officials at
Washington.
SEEKS TO SELL
SECRET RECORDS
Hen and Women Are Shot Because
- of Their Participation lnBev
. , ¦ olutionary Plans. ,
VIENNA, May, 11.-A dispatch . to the
Abendblatt from Constantinople announces
the .wholesale' shooting "of revolutionary
Macedonians,' including women." Twenty
four persons were executed at Monastir,
fourteen at Beyra, i eighteen at . la ting,
eighteen at Seres and . twenty-nine at
Uskub. •¦ ii •¦ ¦ ¦ ' "-.
.'.-¦-. •
» Villard Estate Tax Paid.
' ; NEW .YORK, May 11.— The transfer, tax
on the estate- of : the! late' Henry Vlllard
WHOLESALE EXECUTION
OF MACEDONIAN REBELS
Not Decided.
CHICAGO, May 11.— In the Uriscoll
blacklisting case the jury failed to agree
and -was discharged by the court to-day.
The case -was that of Michael Driscoll
against the .Pittsburgh Fort Wayne and
Chicago Railway Company for $50,000 dam
ages . for alleged blacklisting .after the
American Railway Union strike of 1894. .
Drjscoll was - a switchman and, like
many others, .'had. sued the railroad, for
alleged discrimination against those whe
had joined In the" strike, advancing r thc
charge that the. railroads of the United
States -have entered -into a; conspiracy to
blacklist every man who . takes part in
any strike, to better., his condition and to
deny them' employment unless the road
for which they last" worked give them a
"character." . . - ¦
.-.--. * ' : • . ¦ ' - • ¦ ¦
Suit Brought by Driscoll Against an
Eastern Railroad Company Is
JUBY FAILS TO AGBEE
HT BLACKLISTING CASE
held for a year past. He formerly was
private secretary to ex-Congressman
Brumm of Pennsylvania. Williams vol
unteered to turn the correspondence that
he had endeavored to sell to Judge Lind
say over to the authorities here. As the
sale had not been completed no charge
was made against "Williams, but lie was
summarily dismissed by the Secretary of
War.
ports of trje reconstruction of the Cabi
net. '
are coming over will study conditions
here." , ¦ ' ¦ ' • ": : .i-^
was paid to the County Treasurer to-day-
It amounted to $34,414. less 5 per cent for
frompt payment, a total of $31,747. Th«
ederal tax amounted to J26.S42. The es
tate as appraised Is valued at $2,983,821.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAr 12, 1901.
17
THE EMPORIUM. " \ THE EMPORIUM. | . THE EMPORIUM. | T .^ E ,'?i^?? B jy.y:^._ ' \
I $6.30 Will Buy Rare Values in fBllK Headquarters for j |
I This Go-Gart. 23c Handkerchiefs. €&mw$P&$JfU S f&tPaJp&3L®n-&L &^Jr F BLFgBiwf&ii&a Bargain Prices. Calif ornia Souvenirs. *%
| it b on CO f th= ne w styk recimng Go-Garts, Fony-two styles lad:^ Haadkcrchicfs, she^ Read this batchof store news and judge for yourself if such an array of gen- i ffe- . b T^partmcnt in the Emporium g
t with aijusub'e back lmen centers, edgwl with wide or narrow fiae ] v luau tins ua.ui.vi .. • , , , • r> , r .' T\ ' and chain leather lined 25O W devoted exclusively tO the Sale of. ,t
5 >c^^^. and foot rest, just like Vataiciennet lace and insertion, ex- o« c -u ine bargains has ever been orTerecl tor- a single by any other store in Calif ornia. ;#. \ Ladies- cdn Purse- Genuine California Souvenirs. w e know of no .5
5 P 1t has rubber tires, Ladff^yV^ Xer" 'lawn' Ha"nd kerchiefs, Did you ever see such crowds as dailv throng the Emporium ? Isn't ., this store fjA S* % dS lifsc coUcction . so ccmp!ctc on the -5
% £en";t:t n dis c ; c^ft^ifpi^p growing wonderfully ? And why ? Because the merchandise is right, the service ' T's. Battle hip wnir,-Mai= |
5 IlilP^ -h......,.; :25c is right , the prices are right, ,, .-. . .;.¦', /®|^ • i§SBSSr L SSK^ I "*
$ '^liififfi £r tlfVa^-t A andk f >f f' VCf/ 8hCCV Visitors tO the City during McKinieyWWk will find every^convenience at the Emporium. WfT < ->^ b . ook T. Gen " S^SSta,™ . TO V $
"^P^^^- ° ne °f ° U^ neW Aih\ Uiics ' 8heer ' awn Handkerchiefs, fine em- formation Bureau, wher; accurate information of the happenings of the week, railroad and steamshio time tables/street- Hi Ws.mely fi«l Lf tL- OhSoSodety «^^^^S - *
X Kl para-ois and a ire troidered scallop, in new and dainty designs car service, p'aces of interest, etc., can be obtained; Free Parcel-checking Bu-eau; Local and Long-D stance Telephones; V^VK ishcd..;J5c orCalitornia X S^^^^ ) %
* posit;on:compl c te^thr C a t n nt : L^ madc ln St - Gall, Switzerland, each, 25c Telcraph Station and Postoffice; Restaurant; Barber-shop; Hair-dressing Parlor, etc/ . i Ladies' ComDinat.o.. Card-Case and Ppcket- Canes $Ii50 . gl§^gi§|k- 3f
I H fc ?T^"B-J-r- : :--rf 5 ' Sl J HfP^Si^^ ' C Om eto t he b i g ,t O reasoftcna Sy ou r , a ndsta y aslon g as y ouwantto. You will not be asked to buy, but, 2? £ f&J* £
» H rod Top Baby amage-Good strong re,d h will be served quickly and well if you but say the word. ¦ 4 finished, pretty shades .....5OC Ci»hion% with jM "5
-. body, upho stsred with Turkish ckth, patint ' a ' J • \ : ' ' - ' ¦ ¦_ , — - '* ... FjjS .J
>¦ ris l K i a f ¦ ' 5 ; * Ohio Souvenir 50C{ '¦ J€
I .^^•^. m ...^se.so Best Clothing That Can : : /^M^^^k^' : & Glove Bargain, Mondsay Only j^^il
% . Go-Cart Parasols.... 6 5C to 56- 30 each ** _ - m Ill4ii %«? & '. "o" t '*§ \ % j\ ' W \ A V U v ,, voo • other Souvenirs are hand-carved Mexican Leather J
* Go-CartParasols-Wth our rew adjustable B& S@M f@B* fifa® Pff*S€&$* WA S^C^-' J* i\ , * C \° , 7 * "' Ot (88 Gooc 5; View Books of San Franchca and sur- i?
t' ">i... $1.15 to $6 SO «ch w*-F«w« o «r« »*,«r \' o I I tf IT H^r^ ft /&&mT\ y dozen oniy) of ladies' G.OVCS at a rouniings; ItWrattd Postal Cards; Orange -J
Jb 3 Beach Cans-Can be folded up to «rry on t»<e Men's Spring Suits, $10.00— A splendid effermg of Wlfl lSg/| . third Iks than regular price, because f*r- Woad Ncveltlea, etc., etc. jj
K cars, only $175 ' C^ high-graie garments, made of good aU-wool^cassimeres, I J B I some of the skins were not exact'y r f """- '^==^*^ j , \miJ2 -X
J*. wcrst:d s:rgis and chsv.ots, in all the new coloring-, as well , \6$\ Hi? 8 . j •ii ha u j i <£;¦>¦•><* >J--'^~li^W^s^ if^ — F~ ff°S ~ **
i #7~3 " « in black and in blue, smarc overplay, th^popuaro-ives, \ 1 H/^^S *& j^tR*- dear, and Will sdl them Monday Only 3 iOi* 5BC *
*: UnderiSrtOe / lJWf?\ browns and e*y» a « ual ' : y worc * £& in &B0$ lH"<2^fiCTir 1 at 65p *?*r. They areGlace, «wr^^ ,%
t" f*€ l&ihh nntS / .V7 //// US-°°, our f P- cial P rice %pBIUrBQJiU& IV\\ _ ,.„ *, | I Kid with conso'idated fasteners and '^^^^'^ l$*& SI B ff&V $h& ff* 3 9$ & «2
* f a# f ,:",,.'.. f./\ III / / Men's Dress Pants, $2.68-The most a:tonshing ot $\ : . dW <£t&* ' one row embroidered backs. The , Fyit?«fW«##f#I J
t* to boxes of t «-.ach g^od quilts au-si.lc ->\ / / I fr \^ I ,, , ...... ¦ , ¦ £ , * i jr i**^StkTT"^ i i- i j n -i « . ,, , ' . • «J
I' Taffeta ribbo^f a durable, .firn^, soft weave; the trousers specials that the big store has ever offired j . J • j£g~£7M , C ° lorS ZTC assorted modes and tans; flexib e, serviceable gloves g+g-j* if»/«W«»MC S
*C «uhabi far Millinery and Neck Ribbons; in W Fr««pally in gray and dar* efteco, p.^ect fitting and wel >J ° 1 St * 3f that will fit perfectly; Monday only, per pair &&G QjriiJSiM'&J £
i a complete asscrtmS of colors 5 the everj-day WM§rTq -rth $5.00, our speaal pnce &2 B 68 '' J I We haVe ClOSed . , ' . . ¦ -± .„ , . - . - * 3
I S^. M !H.!:wc 1§W V^ An ImnoMant m^^*-\ All 1 his Week \§
j^ 25 bores of luniinous toft weave £jncy ribbons, W^if llmf I A woolen material, all seams stayed and taped, they are ideal suits >°<? J J NeW York jODDing | ' ¦ J* . %A* 4§ &Ts B \ 5
it white ground, with fine hair line stripes in aU \ lor boys, embracing good styles and dura' i ity, double-breasted \n 1 r* AnC\ na'tf^ I B£f*f%S/r " I? JESSAMT 3 §B ff}* X
X colors; made of fine Italian silk; 3^ inches W\ffl\ coats, siz« Mor boys 8 to 1 5 years, our $>*% /Q g- $ \ j HOUSe . pairb I BSOOK &2SM&a * BRIBE— *%*%* &.€Z^vMMa *
» wide, one ofth : s seasons best productions; the - W«|M \ special price «^«3? « «7«!9 ¦o§JT°o! of . thJS SeaSOIl S I . : : - S
I M .r:^r C |M t «**,?.. . .*:4most approved l-'^^^^^t^o^^^^ , Men's Stetson |
•T V \m ,. t MM Etnctly woolen materia s, in styhsh mixtures and m fa:t co oreJ p^J j _(...1 OC n f ]aA'<ac J me I • • • ir * ** j • j j \. 9 l 1 l • -.— *
ff ExberfBrjo miking, no charge. mm | b : U e, cut in the late.t style, either single or double brea-ted vests, ?} sl Y ieS QT iaQ '^ S U J I ings, artistically stamped sides and back; w,orks by popu- . . HafS, $4.OQ. *
$ : are weU tailored and lined, actually worth & gS *™EJ f anC y Hsle thread I lar authors that have sold formerly for $ I. OO and $1.50 Thcse ,« T ohn B . Stetson Co. 's celebrated S
K fflUSfin Drawers MM Jk LA j7<5 °' ° ur sp=clal pnce mP^m&iM land COttOn hOSe at # each— special sale price to-morrow, while E"g% -^ sj j^lu^LJj Ha-s that most stores seU at f 5.00. We are 5
t° ForLadicsand /f\ 111 <£ AV * B^ Boys' Russian BloUSC Suits, $4.85— Either English I, ,1 1 if hr ; rp I quantity on hand lasts %2%Jf%e, ML^^^ showing correct styles for Summer, the Der- .«
& rl-,7 ™ S^uil*^ U^ • srrges or velvet, in red, b!ui, brown, tan, etc., with belts of \16SS I IWn HUU pi t^C- K blcs in the flexible self-conforming, and the •{
i Se^'atw: /^jUf7>^ worth « 7co -, • or patent leather, sizes for a^ to 6 years, actuaUy \ There are abcut 4c jp.t-1 U^er^the Bed Robe- D^na^on^o^ *^Tg^*™>%£^ M ft hats in the Fedora, and na: bnrn style,; $
» tcievetnat we /^ tf^^C/jf worth | 7 . 50, our special pnce ffrjg Ofij , Items and t color effects,! Manxman-Hall Calne. Caleb West-Hopklnson Soldiers of Fortune-Da- colon Hack, hrowns, light and dar* pearls; m %
*, have the largest V^/^vJ >^^§S>? / *P S trmG&£* I all r.ioVi {rrade novelties f Forest Lovers-Hewlitt. - Smith.- . vis. ¦ at the big store only _ -, £
X ttock of reliably % / ¦ - I all high.-graac novciucs ¦ ZIska-Marle Corelll. Continental Dragoon-Ste- The Gadfly-Voynich. " $43- c OO '2
V ./ >^ *Z /// ZZ~ ~ ~ : ~ — ~ 1 of standard make — not Gentlemen Players— Ste- phens. ,-. Gloria Mundl — Harold .
% \%. JA llSf*© ESSStlF&Bc&BnS In SSOBWB&StSGSm '•'.. I damaged seconds,! A^Dash for a Throne- °* F^' nCo[S^ Sentimental " Tommy-Bar- & inn €?,.-?--„„« -9yt n '?
S» ". r- Je=&^——-c l ?f i '^\ TT ** *m-^~m i _ ¦ Marchmont. The Lady or the Tigrer. ry. %SiaUU OyrMilCfS /f*i>C. V
a* at the fur- X^£££tf i*'CJ W ; /i l\' Under the general name of "Domestics" will be found a'.l kinds of house- " I rj f i # For .the Freedom of the Vagahondla-Burnett Phroso-Anthony Hope. -* ** ¦ •. *
fc° tst prices to be PfeaTSfryJL&jflJS y |H Jl v^tj i:.,..^, l jr j i. r u • itt- ' i ' • i- I out-of-date styles. B Sea— Brady. Arthur Bonnlcastle— J. G. The Jessamy . Bride— ____^ =====!=^ Peerless ; "2
m t^pneei rao- *A= hold linens, bedding and wash fabrics. We pay scrupulous attention to this 1" , , • , m__ i A Gentleman of France- Holland. • Moore. rN \ k>» c! "l f_ •5
j «.* . branch of our business, and as , he department grows busier and busier all the' jtolTl.^f BaTS&CorelH. § S^Si , F* ll SS^- -J
*' Ladies' Drawers— Either cambric or muslin, time, we believe that our efforts to give superior qualitirs at the littlest possible \- c •• 1 ' * I The Celebrity — "Winston A I^ady of Quality— Bur- Road to Paris— Stephens. • »««=¦» ,',' Pure P^ra «
g ™b rel i,,^ g h,«m t di™»-id t h,m«»=d prices are appreciated. ; IS^rconunS I ™? "?*- »' Z«"1- McTe'Wu-Franl, N orr. S . S" af«"t°HJSS2ai, c ,. ' jj!; R»jk=r, H S h *
S 0 ' Stet^ ° nI)r ' M »taitl«-A new line of fine cord Dim- Ke^ay and I sS^s or Sa.an-Cor.rn. XrfflS... °' T& w P.,L.,,»1 J^^J gig" ||
& 1 ft._ m 5 BC exceLer.t quality of double bed sheeting, strong ities, s'.ylish colorings, yard. -, _. i tt? j J I Rudder Grange— Stockton Reveries of a Bachelor. . --cuart ca- «
tf , * " *. thread, free from dressing, unbleached, none ,, . fSslC IWeanesaay. I : , t^V^* v^ /^f^ : ?i/^ pac'tv packed X
| u 2^'5SSSLrtarL^ p!g§p§||of|^ . lil'illl Three Dress Goods Specials. W^~Mr ' £%. .3
ft and catnbnc ruffle O 8/C7 17C and fancy weaves, in both foreign and domestic I I > « n^ v '^^ - «. _# iZ • «
Ladies' Drawer;-Of cambric, with three Pillow * Castoi Sa"lc— Bieachcd pillow makes, p=/ yard. IQo to 75o I Cent Hosiery, on 1 ¦ A Monday Offering beyona Competition. oT^TSe *
* dust-rs of tucks, so fine that they look like muslin, undressed, soft finish, 45 inches wide, White Piqvcs— The new fancv cord I these thre : days 1 30-inch All- Wool Challics, 39c yard— These are imported goods in - a large M on*a 7 only
g cording, some with embroidery... a ! 2 c quaity on special sale to-mor- and p'ain weaves, a large range of ftylcs for I only, per pair, \ varety of designs and beautiful new Spring colorings; regu'ar S oc and 6oc qual:- jj©^ .V. S**O *
$ •••••;•-••••¦; p/'\ f nwonlyH . . SC skirte, suits and waists? a clean-up from a J only, p P » V ties -sale pnce, Monday only, per. yard •• .M9L> Nasal Atom'rzer, well made. 43 O 2
y Childrens Muslin Drawers-Plain hem, four Bed Spread Sale— One of the best qual- large jobbing hous, in New York, _ 1 \ 38-inch Suitings, 29c yard— Plain and fancy; very desirable for children's and Bathing Caps, mackintosh rubber 20o 3
»" A« »"** « R to „ t, !/'' fbU J Bze » J««qrcomb Bed Spreads, ends per yard MOO I -_. . ¦ .\ misses' wear aid for separate skirts 5 regular 50c qua'ity— on special sale Mond.y Bathing Qps, purs gum ...5OC .J
k- Ag=s...__i 4 6 8 10^ 12 14 hemmed and ready for use, having slight n^, -,,.. w ,. j ' , -, / S^& L\ onV p-r yard ... jSmjfO Spcnw Bags, checked mackintosh rubber. ... -J
J- Price.... IOC 13c 15C !8c 21c 24c 27c manufacturer's imperfections, a spreai which OrjJandieS — White and colored, the / £ W yW \ on.y, per yara «-w«~ y s 5 .,
< n,!!^'. FW« M,,«!in nr»w*r« to if F^ r «t would cost you J1.25, __. ' best assortment and va'ues that we have ever / / /^4p I 36-mch English Cashmere, 19c yard— In twelve new spring shades, together R u bberApron.iar«'siVe* YY.'.Y.'" 75O 3
t' EeSThtmSSed ruffleT— "~ f ° r ' • • »9C had, per yard ....12^0 tO $1.25 I £~~4L 9 I I with a lct of aU - wot)1 mixed Chev: °- S and some P kids 5 r -S uIar *5c and 35 c quaUties ; suitable Stockinet Sheetirg, prr yard S5o C
*? Aees a I 6 8 10 la * 14. White BlanKetS— I I -4 Slimmer wear Dinner Napkins 2QO dozen three- /' '*&BSS^ / for home dresses, street dre:ses and children's school • suits— a _rare bargain a; •fj^hfr^ Rubber Jhseting, best quality, }{ of a « ari "£
S Price" "2OC 22C 2ic 27c 30c 33c 36c BlankeU for large beds, 4^ lbs. weight, quarter size bleached Napkins, selvedges woven // • , y Monday's sale price, per yard v U «7&r - wide , per yard 45o X
% Pnce.... 20C UC l& HC 30C Ml 36c a 8;) iidl y w^en^bric. warm and easUy clean- perfect, new designs, « inches square, and • / ? * /«g • ' <$, 'V ' >T — = ! ~ - ¦ . - - . : — ~ %
i t^?!T™:r:Y.$i.35 ;C!:!::!^ ; ' . Mf/^^T Furniture and Carpet Prices as Nowhere Else |;
*» edge— -^ v ; ¦; ' ¦ 1 _ I* * /> t%° / 8" » f *i This Golden Finished Bedroom Set of three Wew Cai»/ie<S-J«st ani«d; qaalitia Hardwood, Wire Spring Cot, 6 feet 4 inch« . j*
ii Ages a 4 6 8 10 la 14 S&IO OF BOWS* *JOWCfrW &£&lG / * oi.' * •' * j>' » "*'/ * I- 1 drfi^^^r* >^' > T y> T P ieces 5 dresser the best that money can buy; patterns never so leng; 30 5
£ Price.... 20c 25c 30c 35c 40c 45c 50C f+ — l.*cm m 8~* *%n IUr AM «f A .. O M f., ¦//./.*'.'*'•#// v- b^r-^®£flfe^|f f has French plate good before, priced as only the big store can af- inches .i-EgT-j? 5
j. Golf Shirts 23c. svEonaay Only. //#•<*'#»¦*/ " : S^S^M'^$5 mj ' rror ' 2 4 x2 ° fordt:) mark e^- ¦
*{ Hf AU^ lUMw.^S^ O% : A local manufacturer A6maU P^ted link buttons, fancy /•'•/.* *'?¦*#// inches; the set Good grade Tapestry Qrpet- bright, cheerful week only fg^Sp^^p^^J.. jj
IP NeW mUSiCm who has discontinued "graved ladies' brooches, enameled wreaths //.*• A /i* /••¦// ==^ nicely c a r v e d patterns; alto in ha 1 and stair _-, $1.5O O X
I H -s:sj£Xf sss:^ /K W^'*.-/ HPHfelS iS^^^^ii S^StP^SI
IP ««The Carolina March and Two-Step," by ,- • fancy percale and *« d to wear; onspe- ». |» \iiS§?*«^\^/ fe" j^^ iU • $13.75 ExcellenrquVit/ " of .'inf rain ' Carpet-novelty Bra " Bld-Swdl front, nicely ornamented; *
t L. C. Moue 25O L-.i ,J Madras Golf Shim, 1 T C «A?M¥*bf Xw^ZZrPY $1 extra for p-cking. patterns; delft W, two^tone effects, _« an«( C ,nt ?M at f 35 3,
J. "Handsome Souvenir Edition of the Ohio March Mil \ some with cuffs at- 7> * X' 1 !^^^^ ' " ' per yard 55C °' T s P ccla! P nce &4GOmUU X
It aid Two-Step," by C. W. Kremer . .25C j , j jj i tached, some with t^ll^: ' V. — =^^^^ ' Wc show an immen8c vaxl - t y of Bedroom Others as low as 3 Oc. * Combinatioa Secretary and Bookcase jj
V "The Crack of the Whip March," by S. P. WLfl U, separate cuffs— more W^ " Hm M^^^ • ¦ • • Suits in mahogany, birdseye maple. and go'den BestquaUtyof Body Brussels— Lowell & Whit- - 11 . *1 <-. LL^J-^ i( With three large X
$ Henry 25o p f\\\ ]\ than 60 patterns to ' ISl*Af*0l<V 9flAI»/jlfe oak, ranging in price from 113.75 to $200. . a's, 15 patterns to select from, ,__ ¦ i^^^^V : J~, m^ m .-^J m ~,f "5
5 "Fantan March and Two-Step," by B. R. *UlLU|ltJJ choose from _ the - „ n±~~-~*S~ t»rOCefJf g at 'thevfry low price, P ,r yard. $1 .1 0 made of £
V Anthony 25© sizes are complete from 10 to x 3 neck meas- FOr UeCOratlOnS. FOr IWOtitfaV. made 2l£warlr«x' acspecS Axmnster Carpet-Large Variety of patterns fj^^l selected ¦ quartered $
* "Goodbye Dolly Gray March and Two-Step," ure, to fit boys from 5 to 14 years of age- Almost any sort of decorative material that _,' * " ; T' "" f. ' - Sl'week S5© (25 to seect from)- a deep pHc carpet, , <t ' #t . oak, nicely carved *
I I,,.-, ¦... g 5, g«^ip||^^^5^|ls^i i^^§^s*ls : S^^'r^l : S: : M - d °— 1 : ¦?
i Summer roofwear. tZ&£tftf£Z29o HtS^^S^S^ifH MBlM- : Wil' ¦ MW, i»»°^ I
V Udies* Parent Leather Slippers, with a Louis Also a few Men's Shirts, with separate cuff,, in Paper Crots Flags, each 3c r,Sv',° Whirl Kl^^^^ff ISL MULO 5 Brussris, now marked, prr yard. . flr£?C ))k^,W^'^\ &*? $ O/T J
JC XV heel and the latest rtyle toe, »nd bow eizes I 5 #, 16 and 16^ only; l-iAmotMcKuil S y,Bo,fpO,20G M 25a /S> Ash F'LtW W Mi&^^MiV W0tt Linoloums— IndispensaSlc fcr kitchens, |>.^^<gggfl %p£. Mb^9 .•%
J» on the strap $1.75 on special w'e Monday j£ %J?& Mudln flags, at all prices upwards from / t fwnn) I f%Z7) 'J for bath and toilet Tl"^^ TTw JflTF H/iMI bathrooms, halls, restaurant3,offices and hotels. Golden Oak Side- 5
*: Udks* Swell New Neckwear for Men ...SOC •2pper-do«n / /7,^" /|/^./;f equal to the famous L . ' '. ""UMK Ml We offer an excellent dependable quaUty in board— Made of S
£ Oxfnrrf M»n'« Fin^ <;ilknlin# rinriorw^r *#/!#» Buntinet Eags, fast co.or, on varnished sticks, (.!!•/• /^ P / f / f «"*»/7 7 T 4 ianious £__ \ IL 1 *- UU *TJ- '«- . flcra' marquetry and ti.e tfcct>, in -,-, J^jl^jAi*^. ,1, uutu "" J ul "^
5» /J L'ScvH^SrJn 5/ o?2 with gilt tops, each 2Oc to 75c -^fe=r^==^ Ivoy, regularly cc . ¦- . » end \ siT Ut y ; squarc yar d.. 4^SC W^^S**-^^- fine selected oak; J.
6 jdsUs^J^l B«?TuaI hnnortTrFancv Ha«^ H^* P " Silk Fla6S ' from 5 1 m j 1 o !,«« " 5 S ™s Mahogany Finb hed Parlor Set-three Japanese Linen Warp Mattings-Inlaid and tile j>-~ M French plate mir- *
t: m^0j f'p : P Fancy Half riose.... g g C , 5dc Handsome gilt frame lithograph of McKinlev', BlM^Sl&fe «" P^ 6Ib? P iecM ' Ve^ "- 11 de6^ n ' the in £ 8 b P atterns ' n ' lnthc fuU ?° in;teai ofsam - ror; lined -drawer for silverware; 3
/# «t lcath- w!th five draped flags $2 50 *"* *? U«t quality, mued or p.ain, oms. fcandjO me co'o.ings,well made and worth |2 5; pie?, thus giving an excellent idea ot the * our ' 5
8 75crr a ys47c. Mexican Hanti- K^S^^ h^^«lft7« KSS^^SjS.^^llo |
K t0 P s 2nd SOO of these 75c Tnj-s, made of heavy sheet GarVQtS LeatltSr. ages ...25O -. The RUN EVOSt Of flW SCaSOiJ. ' 'J
V . , J J , T . J^ 1 ?*, , mctal » ; Hand-carved Basket Bdts, new pattern... 75 C Maine Corn— B:£t quality, regu'arly a tins, 25c; For the kjt two weeks we have been very busy mak:ng up a krge lot of handsciM Rugs nxm r;mnants of l Axmi=jters, Body Brasses •*
£ eycets, hand-turned Boles, Louis XV heek^ japanned s^&^S^*^ " Men's hand-carved Button Purses ...... BUO Monday, 5 tins. SOJP and Tapestry Carpets which we have marked at very low prices to c'ose them out quickly. • . ««
newcomtoj ... ,93.50 and /^&r±i^5^ v Ladies* hand-carved finer punes 5Q C Salt, R. .5. V. P.— 3-lb. package^ Monday, Tape.try Rugs- Size 6x0 fe:t: worth J13.00: now. .$8*75. Tapestry Rugs-Size S#xi* f;jt; wcrth $20.00; no.v. $13,75 •
J Ladies Oxford Tles-Fiiw^tycf Via Kid, orna- Ladies' hand-carved Combination Purses... .,$# ,..../. .V. ...10o , Axmins'er Rugs-Size 8^x12 feet; worth } 3 o.oo, now.. $20.00. 3
cloth top, patent leather tips or dull mat kid mented /^/^^-^^^^^^^V^^ — -- : '. : — — X
t : S^J^^^vTe^^^^^^^^^^m r'SS'WHE W^WM^^hM^MMM^M Manicurfa 2 ««* Liquor Specials. Gurtains 46c Pair, i
J, Ladies' Lace or Button Shoes— Made of fine h'tho- N^S^S^lSS^V uigrowrag xocnaus, goggP H^ MwH M MMmff H S iAffl Hair-Dressing Par- Port cr Sherry Wine— Our regular $1.00 a Great Bargain. 3
j^ Vici Kid, welt extension so : es, military h-els, graph ElC, cure d by Dr. > nH BH^SBH ' §H^(^TJwiJH Bf[ TfBw Wa M^^^S i Qr _ p r ;- a teroom3 gallon grade, on special sale Monday only, We bave 300 pairs of heavy net, lace Curta'n', °f
Jt" patent leather tips, an up-to-date and very colors Carl Dehmel, Sur- |0Q BJJal^H BBS^ •¦^^ . g^— k'J "^ HjWrBB ¦* -gallon ...........;......"....... 75fS nc patterns, whits or ecru, good widlh, X
*C dressy walking shoe $3-OO in geon Chiropodist JHB'^'^ 4 f H on main floor, west* Pabst Malt Tcnic— The best to-day, dozen, three yarcs long, just the thing for -^
*' prces $1.OO, $1.53, $1.75 f5« for Monday only; **TG west side. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE erat-. quality, to-day .......-......:.... 55o *OC *
* '¦ ¦' ¦ ¦ ¦.¦„.¦-¦¦¦ V; ¦-.»-¦..« . , ... . . •¦-.-.... X. - ¦ ¦ . ¦ . ' -'..
Solid oak sideboard with \
French plate mirror and swell
front drawers. $12.50. We fur-
nish - your establishment
complete — carpets, curtains,
furniture and draperies. Let
us give you an estimate.
Credit if you wish, and goods
delivered free within 100
miles. We close at six.
T. BRILLIANT
Furniture Co.
338-342 POST STREET
' .. Opposite .Union . Sauare.A young St. Louis housewife quit her
grocer because he tried to sell her cured
ham. She Informed him that she didn't
want any that had been ill.
The President's Good Judgment.
President McKinley and party, after visiting
California, will go to the Pan-American Kxpo
sitlon at Buffalo, and though you cannot travel
on the Presidential train the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Road enable you to follow
his example, with the assurance of an enjoy
able trip. Nickel Plate Dining Cars serve Club
Meals from S3 cents to $1 each. Book free
showing views of Exposition buildings. - Jay
"W. Adams, P. C P. A.. SI Crocker building,
San Francisco, Cal.
If a man always does his duty on little
occasions he will know just how to act
on great occasions.
Pyrography outfits, sheepskins and fan
cy woods for burning, cameras, albums
and books on photography in artists' ma
terial department. Sanborn. Vail & Co..
741 Market street. •
Special information supplied dally to.
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Choice candies, Townsend'a, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit BOc per 1b at Townsend's. #
cal habits, it took all his personal force.
indomitable Teutonic pertinacity and
skill as a conductor to whip them up to
the mark." "Iphlgenie en AuIIde" came out
in 1774 and caused a fearful outcry to arise
from the Italianists. who tried to> prove
that "Gluck lacked all power of song and
set things to music that were not appro
priate to songr."
These are the invariable charges against
operatic performers. The Gluck-PIccInni
controversy has no Interest then except
so far as It stimulated Gluck to produce
those masterpieces which fixed the form
of French opera for nearly a hundred
years. His operas, as Mr. Apthorp points
out, are essentially grand operas; "to
produce their proper effect they need not
only fine acting and singing and a com
petent orchestra, but a vast, well-equipped
stage and the most copious spectacular
paraphernalia— especially a superb ballet.
They are essentially spectacular, and it Is
the prominence of this feature In them
that has most militated against them in
this country." «
In this over-Wagnerized ag© it Is pleas
ant to find a highly trained specialist who
can appreciate Mozart. "It Is not too
much to say," declares one author, "that
citly Wagner's Tristan und Isolde* and
Mile Meistersinger* can rank with "Don
Giovanni' (17S7) as completely great
•wprks of art; nothing else in all/X.yric
Dtama maintains itself throughout on
quite so high a plane— Intellectually, mu
sically, dramatically."
The influence of Meyerbeer on -nine
teenth century opera Mr. Apthorp con
siders greater than that of any composer,
except Wagner. His "Robert le Dlable"
(Paris, 183D was the result of four years
of careful study; the methods of Auber,
Rossini and Berlioz; the compositions of
the old. . long neglected contrapuntists;
Victor Hugo, Dumas and the strenuous
life of the Paris of his day— all these were
read, marked, learned and invariably di
gested by this eclectic of eclectics. Every
body >who had anything worth taking was
laid under contribution. Yet the result
was Individual. In his methods of work
Meyerbeer was the Gray of his age; in
his results he was Dumas set to music.
Mr. Apthorp's interesting remarks on
Wagner, "The Art of the Opera Singer
and the Present,' I must reserve for a
future occasion- Enough has been said,
perhaps, to-day to show the method of
his book and the trend of his judgments.
IN "The Opera Past and Present"
. (Scribner*s), W. F. Apthorp has given
an admirably clear and succinct ac
count of the evolution of grand opera,
from "The Dafne" of Perl, brought out
in France in 1595, down to the "La Tosc !L
of Puccini (Rome, 1900). During these 300
years there has been a continuous strug
gle between the dramatic principle, which
the Florentine Camerata of the seven
teenth century rightly laid down as para
mount, and the musical principle of Ca
risslml and Cestl, which would subordi
nate both text and action to musical ef
fects. The history of this struggle is the
history of the development of opera.
To this development only four nations
have contributed anything of merit; these
in order of Importance are Germany.
Italy, France, England. Indeed, if we look
closely at the matter these four are re
ducible to two— Italy and Germany. For
England has produced but one musician
of the first rank, Purcell, and he (a con
temporary of Newton), though the great
est composer In Europe of his day, left no
worthy successors and founded no school.
As to France, did you ever notice that of
the four men .who have made French
opera what It is— Lully, Gluck, Meyerbeer
and Gounod— of thesa four only on© is
really a Frenchman? Lully was an Ital
ian, born in Florence, his real name be
ing Giovanni Battista Lulli; Gluck' was a
Bavarian, born at Weidenwang (nothing
?*ery French about that); Meyerbeer was
a Prussian, whose real name was Jakob
Meyer Beer. Gotinod, moreover, is the
lightest intellectual weight of the quartet;
he is, as Mr. Apthorp points out, em
phatically a man of one work, "Faust."
Who can ever forget that dreary "Romeo
arid Juliet" evening last year, witn Melba
cold as a stone and Saleza off the key for
the first two acts? Yet their rendition
was better than what they were render
ing, for Gounod— "a small, tenuous voice,
not devoid of a certain searching sweet
ness * ? • in *^a strenuously developed
drama like 'Romeo and Juliet,' with mul
titudinous opportunities for drawing char
acter, was out of his element"— and out
of his depth.
So much for France and England. Turn
we now to Italy, where, owing to the im
mensity of the field, we can take a rapid
survey of only those names that mean
something to us to-day. During the eight
eenth century Italian opera had conquered
Europe, but while doing so was dying of
formalism; it was becoming less' and
less music dra'ma; It was becoming more
and more . concert in costume. ¦. Rossini
(born in 1792) did his best to continue the
bad traditions he had inherited:' "A man
of the most fertile melodic inventiveness,
of incomparable brilliancy, gifted with a
facility that can fairly be called damna
ble, Rossini enthroned graceful Frivolity
in the center of the lyric stage to rule
autocratically over singers and orches
tra." Yet he was^awake to the signs of
the times; the romantic movement touch
ed him as it had previously touched Au
ber; with infinite pains he produced a
masterpiece, "Guillaume Tell." This was
in 1829, whqn he was but 37. He lived
thirty-nine years longer and wrote^ — almost
nothing! The explanation? Pure laziness,
it seems. -a
Of his contemporaries.! Donizetti, and
Bellini are the only,two ¦vtho have accom
plished work that haa Hv,^d; work that is
full of passion In spite 0^ the; undramatia
and unscenical I forms ;> In which they
worked. Donizetti is' besi known outside
of Italy by an opera ("Lucia di Lammer
mooT") that is by no meanshis best, for
there is no musical characterization in
this that can compare with that lavished
upon the part of Maffeo Orsini In "Lu
crezia Borgia." ' Bellini achieved one real
success in "Norma," thanka partly to an
admirable libretto, and one sentimental
success in "La Sonnambula" ; but on the
whole I think one must agree with Mr.
Apthorp when he declares it to be rather
a debilitating business, "this opera of
sweet sentiment, beautiful melody and
ear-tickling." Strength was sadly lacking
and this strength was supplied by Verdi,
"the hottest blooded man of passion the
art of music had known since Beethoven."
He was born in 1813 and died, you will
remember, only the' other day. His
eighty-seven years of life gave him time
to develop four distinct periods and man
ners: Of the first, the formal Italian
"Ernani" (1S44) may stand as the type;
of the second (at which most men stop),
"La Traviata" (1853); of the' third or
transition period, "Alda" (1S71): of the
fourth, "Otello" O8S7). By the) time
"Otello" was written the Wagner ideas,
of course, had become the common prop
erty* of musical Europe; to deny their
influence upon "Verdi in his third and
fourth periods would be absurd. Yet
granting that in the art of dramatic
properties Wagner was teacher and Verdi
pupil, it must equally be granted, I think,
that in two respects the pupil has bet
tered the master— first, lacking Wagner's
enormous conceit, he has not written his
own librettos but has found some one
really competent to'cfo it: second, he pre
served copious and fresh to the end his
spring of melody— a spring that in Wag
ner's case dried up many years before
his death. jA great man, Verdi— a great
man, indeed !
The Germans. Well, we must credit
them, as aforesaid, -with Gluck and Mey
erbeer. To these two pre-Wagnerians we
must add Mozart. Of* this famous trio
Gluck, if not intrinsically the greatest. Is
the greatest in the history of opera. When
he went to Paris on Marie Antoinette's in
vitation in 1773 he found all the stale con
ventions of Italian opera accepted -as
gospel; Lulli's antiquated forms regarded
as classic" models," and Piccinni esteemed
a great composer! "Principals, chorus and
orchestra -. (at the Academie de Musique)
had fallen into the most deplorable musi-
IN GERMANY— Subscriber, Petaluma,
Cal. To answer the question asked, th«
correspondent should have written plain
ly. The three words that are essential to
STEVENSON STREET— Reader The
Call, Eureka, Cal. The block on Steven
son street, San Francisco, on which the
houses are numbered 600. is bounded by
Seventh, Mission. Eighth and Market
streets.
¦ SHAKESPEARE— Student, Gold Run,
Cal. Any first-class bookseller will pro
cure for you "Shakespeare, Poet, Drama
tist and Man." The price v.111 vary, ac
cording to desire for paper and binding.
RAILROAD INFORMATION— R. C.
Sacramento, CaL You will find the in
formation you Beek relative to managers,
superintendents, etc., of the various rail
roads in Poor's Railroad Manual.
WAITERS— J. H. R., City. There Is no
record of the nativity of the waiters em
ployed In San Francisco. For that rea
eon tills department cannot furnish the
Information desired.
RAILROAD RATES-D. E., Oakland,
Cal. If you will step into the railroad
office In your city you will be furnished
Uie rates of transportation between the
points named.
Max Eliot, in his London letter to the
New York Dramatic News, has the fol
lowing Interesting description of Alice
Dr. H. J. Stewart's recital after service
at Trinity Church this afternoon will con
sist entirely of selections from the works
of Wagner. The Interesting programme
will include:
"Dm Rhelngold," fantasia.
Song of the Rhine Maidens ("Gotterdam
merung.") . .
Parsifal, prelude, act 1.
Funeral march ("Gotterdammerung.")
On Thursday evening at Century Hall
an interesting recital was given by the
younger pupils of Miss Ida B. Diserens.
Miss Diserens is fortunate in having some
very talented children in her class.
Helen Dodd is distinctly one of the best
rtudents, having already a good tech
nique, remarkable grasp and poise, and
exceptional intelligence. Little Miss Dodd
played the whole of the Pathetique Sonata
by heart, also the Y/eber "Invitation to
the Dance," and accompaniments to her
little sister's violin solos. She has, like all
the pupils, one characteristic fault, that or
sharply biting off the phrase endings; and
in the first allegro of the sonata the little
player made some unwarranted altera
tions in the tempo, but It was altogether
a highly creditable* performance. Another
student with a strongly marked musical
temperament is Anna Jacobs, who gave
the Chopin B minor mazurka in an amus
ingly mature fashion, considering her
not very extended technical acquirements.
Others who took part were Florence Conn,
also quite musical; Elva "Woodman, an
other clever student: Zellah Smith, Arvil
la Thorp, Bruce Kennedy, Marion Green
wood, May Schl utter, Lurline Matson,
Ellen GiminI, Grace Gimini and Miss
Nonie Dodd, a clever young violin pupil
of Hother Wismer. All the students have
a good tone and play with nice feeling.
American music has received a distin
guished recognition this month in the
conferring of the order of the French
Academy upon our famous bandmaster,
John Philip Sousa. This is said to be an
unprecedented honor for an American
musician, and is one of the most coveted
distinctions among the musicians of
France. The decoration is conferred up
on the conductor for his splendid work at
the Paris Exposition and is understood to
represent the best French appreciation of
Sousa both as conductor and composer.
The decoration consists of a palm leaf de
sign in brilliants suspended from a ribbon
of royal purple.
y iQ the extent of one representa-
tive. Dr. H. J. Stewart, organ
// I 1st of Trinity Church. San
1 1 r Francisco and California are
VjO^/ musically interested In tbe
v ' Pan-American Exposition at
Buffalo. Not that we are
thereby to consider ourselves snubbed.
There are other cities as large as ours
and lightly apt to regard themselves as
of far more importance that have not
been Invited to distinguish themselves
even through one musical denizen. Of
such is Cincinnati, that, unlike ourselves,
has bands to burn, and great has been
the wrath thereat. But in spite of our
email concern in the matter and even
without the famous bscids of Cincinnati
the cause of music will be well cared for
In the great exposition.
The Temple of Music, having a Beating:
capacity of 4000, is one of the most betu- :
tiful of the exposition buildings. It con
tains a splendid example of the organ
builder's art from one of the foremost
factories in Massachusetts. The organ,
which is a four-manual Instrument and of
which I give further particulars below,
cost $15,000, and during the exposition will
be played upon by the most distinguished
organists of America.
In June the National Saengerfest 'will
be held in the Temple of Music, In which
th'e leading German- American male choral
societies will take part. Four thousand
male voices will compose the huge chorus
and the effect should be something to be
long remembered. Another chorus com
posed of 3000 children will be heard and
those familiar with the child voice in
chorus will well appreciate the profoundly
touching and rarely beautiful results that
may thus be obtained. Among the solo
ists at the festival will be Mme. Schu
xnann-Heink, the glorious contralto, and
Evans Williams.
The orchestral arrangements are on an
equally important scale. Some twenty
bands have already been engaged, chief
among them being Sousa's. which will
stay four weeks; Victor Herbert's organi
zation, which has been booked for two
weeks, and Brooks' band, for four weeks.
The Mexican Government has sent its
best band, at its own expense, to give a
series of concerts for the musical honor
of Mexico, and altogether the entertain
ment offered the music-lover at the Pan-
American Exposition will be very satis
factory. ... (
Otto Floersheim. the Berlin critic of the
Musical Courier., prints the following let
ter of interest to us from Marcella Sem
brich to the German press concerning her
alleged loss of voice:
Marcella Sembrich, about whom the cable
reported that she had completely lost her voice
and was going to retire from the operatic and
concert stage for goodi sends out the follow
ing information to the press: "Allow me to
correct the truly American canard. I have re
turned to Europe with a somewhat obdurate
catarrh, bat otherwise in the "jest of health,
ar.d ara now already busr upon the prepara
tions for my next seaeon. The possibility of
an Italian etazione in Berlin this very spring
yet is not excluded. During the brilliant ter
mination of my tournee In America I caught a
cold in San Francisco, which necessitated
nursing and a change of climate. The Ameri
can papers, and as it would seem also some
European ones, aggrandized this into a severe
Illness, which makes me hope for a long life
and extended period of pinging. With cordial
greetings, MARCELLA SEMBRICH."
Nielsen's first appearance in London,
when the little Californian singer and her
country distinctly scored:
The Etage in London is full of mediocrities,
full of beautiful walking ladies and fashion
figures, full of fine-shaped figures whose brains
are all in their legs, but whose histrionic abili
ties are so minute they are not to be seen on
many occasions. ; It Is the "American inva
sion" that will make English men and women
of the stage actors and actresses. It is the
"American invasion" of the English stage that
will rftl England of hundreds of men and
women who have no business whatever to tread
its boards and whose presence would never be
missed were they to sink into oblivion to
morrow.
"Of Alice Nielsen and her company of
singers in the 'Fortune-teller' I have
only pleasant things to say. Her success
was immediate and pronounced, but not
owing to the generous treatment of the
gods in the gallery or the lukewarm pa
trons of the pit half crown seats. In fact,
it was uphill work for some time after
Miss Nielsen's opening number in the
first act of the opera. She had an encore,
but It ,was the insistence of -the stalls and
the dress circle that earned it for her.
As the opera progressed and Miss Nielsen
showed her audience that she could sing
as none of her compatriots have yet sung
In all the work they have presented in
musical pieces the past few years to Lon
don play-goers, the pit began to wake up
and the gallery gods began to thaw; but
in the closing scene the latter once more
grew restless, and when a repetition of
the little prima denna's closing number
was demanded there was the cry of 'time',
from the gallery, and there were fears on
the part of the Americans present that
there would be another riot again when
tno curtain fell, and there were called ont
the now seldom unheard 'boos.'
"But they had riot reckoned with clever
i Miss Alice Nielsen, who on the fall of the
curtain after it had been raised once to
disclose her whole company at the end
of the opera was next seen standing alone
in the center of an empty stage, with
some beautiful floral tributes lying at her
feet and auite filling the middle of the
stage, as the curtain again slowly rose,
with her head bent and her modest man
ner disarming any tendency there might
have been to 'boo' the little singer. She
actually fought, bit by bit, so to epeak, j
for the success she achieved, not because
it was not deserved, but because there is
still this silly feeling among the cheaper
pr:ced London theater-goers against the
so-called 'American Invasion.' As for the
invasion, it is the happiest and best thing
that ever happened to the London stage.
It has made English managers wake up
to the limited capabilities of hundreds of
their own players, and it has made Eng
lish actors and actresses fear their Ameri
can fellow artists as they never would
have feared and felt the power of the
talents of their own compatriots."
• • »
Here are the specifications of the Pan-
American organ at Buffalo:
Four manuals, from C. C. to C. 61 notes.
Pedals C. C. C. to F., 30 notes.
SOLO ORGAN.
S ft.— Tuba Mlrabilis, metal 61 pipes
8 ft.— Stentorphon, metal 61 pipes
S ft.— Philomela, wood 61 pipes
* ft.— Fugara, metal" 61 pipes
PEDAL. ORGAN. (Augmented.)
22 ft.— Contra bourdon, wood 30 notes
18 ft.— Double open diapason, wood 30 notes
16 ft.— Double open diapason, metal 30 notes
16 ft.— Bourdon, wood 30 notes
16 ft.— Violin, wood 30 notes
16 ft.— Trombone, wood ....; 30 notes
10 ft.— Quint, wood 30 notes
8 ft.— Violoncello, metal 30 notes
8 ft.— Flote. wood 30 notes
8 ft.— Gedackt, wood 30 notes
COUPLINGS. ETC.
Swell to great unison.
Swell to gTeat super octave.
Swell to great bud octave.
Swell to choir unison.
Choir to great unison.
Solo to great unison.
Great to pedaL
Swell to pedal.
Solo to pedal.
Swell tremolo.
Choir tremolo.
COMBINATION MOVEMENTS.
Three adjustable combinations to act on the
great organ, all double acting. One zero
piston.
Three adjustable combinations to act on the
swell organ, all double acting. One zero
piston.
Two adjustable combinations to act on the
choir organ, both double acting. One zero
piston.
Three adjustable combinations to act on the
pedal organ, all double acting. On© zero
piston.
Two adjustable combinations to act on the
solo organ, both double acting. One zero
piston.
PEDAL. MOVEMENTS.
Balanced swell pedal.
Balanced choir pedal.
Balanced crescendo pedal.
Full organ pedal.
Reversing pedal. (Great to pedal.) .
GREAT ORGAN.
16 ft — Open diapason, metal ;. 61 pipes
8 ft. — Open diapason, large scale,
metal 61 pipes
8 ft.— Open diapason, medium scale,
' metal ;....... 61 pipes
8 ft.— Doppel flote, wood 61 pipes
8 ft. — Gross flute, wood 61 plpea
8 ft. — Viol di Gamba, metal 61 pipes
4 ft. — Octave, metal 61 pipes
4 ft. — Flauto traverso, wood 61 pipes
3 ft.— Twelfth, metal 61 pipes
2 ft.— Fifteenth, metal 61 pipes
Mixture four ranks,- metal 244 pipes
16 ft. — Bombarde, metal 61 pipes
8 ft. — Trumpet, metal 61 pipes
4 ft. — Clarion, metal 61 pipes
SWELL ORGAN.
16 ft.— Liiebllch bourdon, wood 61 pipes
8 ft. — Open diapason, metal 01 pipes
8 ft. — Saliclonal. metal 61 pipes
8 ft. — Aeoline, metal ..: 61 pipes
8 ft. — Stopped diapason, wood 61 pipes
8 ft.— Qulntadena, metal 61 pipes
8 ft.— Vox celeste, nietal 49 pipes
4 ft. — Flute harmonique, metal 61 pipes
. 4 ft.— Violin, metal > 61 pipes
2 ft.— Flautino. metal 61 pipes
Dolce cornet, three ranks, metal. 1 S3 pipes
8 ft.— Cornopean, metal 61 plpe3
8 ft.— Oboe with bassoon, metal 61 pipes
8 ft. — Vox Humana, metal 61 pipes
j CHOIR ORGAN.
16 ft. — Double dulclana, metal..... 61 pipes
8 ft.— Open diapason, metal 61 pipes
8 ft.— Geigen principal, metal 61 pipes
8 ft.— Dulciana, metal 61 pipes
8 ft.— Lieblich Gedackt, wood \ 61 pipes
8 ft.— Melodla. wood 61 pipes
4 ft.— Fugara, metal 61 pipes
4 fL— Flute d' Amour, wood til pipes
2 ft.— Piccolo harmonlque, metal 61 pipes
8 ft.— Orchestral oboe, metal 61 pipes
8 ft. — Clarinet (with bells), metal 61 pipes
ANSWERS. TO CORRESPONDENTS.
the query are so Illegibly written that it
Is impossible to even guess what the
writer means. As . the question appears,
it is as if it was written, "If the
In Germany Is in one or two.". Cor
respondents who want information should
always write legibly.
DRTTGS AND CONFECnONEHY r A.
O. S., City. In the classified section of the
San Francisco directory, back part of the
book, under the proper heading, you will
find a list of all the retail druggists and
dealers In confectionery in this city:
MARKET PRICE OF COINS— H. L. R.,
City. The market price, that which deal
ers charge for coins, Is, for 3-cent piece of
Jf§2. / rom^ 15 to 50 cents: half dollars of
1829 from 75 cents to $1 75; Columbian half
dollars of 1893. having on the reverse ca
ravel sailing over two hemispheres, from
Jl 25 to 51 75. The flying eagle cent of 1858
does not command a premium.
IRVTNGTON TO SANTA ROSA— O. H
Centcrvllle, Cal. To go from Irvingtori'
Alameda County, to Santa Rosa, Sonoma
Counjty, by wagon, drive from the start-
Ing point to Oakland, from there to Port
Costa, ferry to Vallejo south, thence to
Napa and then -to Santa Rosa. The dis
tance In. an air line from point to point
along the places named is ninety miles.
"What the traveled distance would be
would depend upon the roads taken. - »,
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
GRAND MUSICAL FEAST AWAITS
Thousands of Fortunate
VISITORS TO BUFFALO EXPOSITION.
•.-..•• ¦ ' • ¦¦.¦».¦<•,¦..¦<••-¦••¦•.¦ - . ¦ ¦ ' ¦
. Iov/a has neither a Dewey/a" Fimston, nor:a;Roosevelt,%but she is trying to" play Conger up
so. high. as to, make the others look Mike; thirty cents. • — -' v
Senator Hanna and Mayor Tom Johnson of Cleveland are supposed to be bitter political
enemies, but when they met the other day -At was noted they greeted one another with, "Hello,
Tom," "Hello; Mark," ¦ so it appears they are not fighting for blood.
Various explanations 1 have. b~een offered in the. East to account for the; comparative indif
ference of the public toward \the coming contest for the America's cup, but it "should be remem
bered that this year the world has bigger things, to attend to than yacht racing.
The fact that Li Hung Chang has expressed a desire to have American ?. troops: remain in
Peking as a permanent guard for the. legations is about the best compliment that has been given
to our soldiers. . It is a proof they have not been looters and in that respect have distinguished
themselves from the armies of Europe.
Political experts reviewing the redistricting of the various States under the new apportion
ment for Congress say there has been.no notable gerrymandering this year in any -State except
Missouri, Illinois and New Jersey, but in those three enough has been done to keep the art; from
being lost to future generations. . '
There is trouble in the town of Homer in the good State of Michigan because a printer in
getting out the official ballots for a recent municipal election transposed the names of two can
didates and the offices they sought; both were elected, but as their names were printed' in the
wrong columns neither got the office he was after. The law will not permit them to trade off and
there is nothing to do but to swear at the printer. V?
SEMPERVIRENS CLUB, not content with the appropriation obtained from the Legislature
to purchase a large tract of the Big Basin in the Santa Cruz Mountains, on which the giant
redwoods stand, has set' its face toward a still greater enterprise in the way of forest pres
ervation and has taken the first steps to achieve it. At a meeting of the club on Friday even
ing it. was announced by Chairman Reed that it is the intention to appeal to liberal and public
spirited citizens to contribute a fund large enough to purchase the entire 14,000 acres which
are necessary to round out the Big Basin Park and make it what it should be.
A movement of the kind merits cordial and generous, support. It is to be borne in mind
that a forest of the kind proposed will not necessarily entail an annual expense to the State for its
maintenance. It can easily be made self-supporting; and with good management might yield some
thing of a revenue. ,
Forest cultivation, while almost unknown in this country, is well established in some parts of
Europe and has been found highly profitable. We have repeatedly directed attention to the ex
cellent results obtained from the state forests in France and Germany and lately from the British
experiments with tree planting, in India. Those, however, are by no means the only examples of
success in such enterprises. A recent report from Europe gives an account of what has been ac
complished by the people of Orsa in Sweden in a work of the kind. That community has a forest
district which forty years ago was well nigh denuded of trees and steps were taken at that time to
properly care for it. The result has been that in the last thirty years there have been sold from
the woods $4,600,000 worth of products and to-day the forest is better than ever. It is believed* the
income will not only be permanent, but will be an increasing one owing to the diminishing, sup
ply of timber and to the better results to be expected from skill in management.
Of course no such results as that are to be expected of. the Big Basin reservation, for the
redwoods are to be preserved primarily for park purposes and not for profit, but still a consider
able quantity of wood can be sold every year and in the course of time the income derived will be
large. It will naturally increase as the woods around this section of the State , are cleared away
anfl the supply diminishes. That^ being so the expense of maintaining the Big Basin reservation
will hardly be more than that of the -first cost. The Sempervirens Club, therefore, is not seeking
to impose a burden upon the State for merely sentimental or scientific purposes, but to confer a
clear benefit upon this and all future generations. Perseverance in such a cause merits universal
PERSEVERING SEMPERVIRENS.
THE President easily sees the physical and industrial features of the State. He sees the out
ward manifestations of human energy and the great, work of nature is beneath and above
him. The splendid panoramas of flower-dotted plain and mountain uplift impress him
everywhere. But, after all, these make only the stage upon which the life of California plays, its
part and passes in a moving procession that never ends. . "^
Much has been said and written about the impression left upon this State by its pioneers, and
there is hardly anything in the traditions, romance and reputation of California about which there
is. abroad as much misinformation. To that we have, ourselves contributed. We are; in the habit
of picturing the pioneer miner with his pockets full of pistols and whisky bottles, his mouth full of
blasphemy and his hands full of cards. The lesson taught by this is that those pioneers were a
mixture of the buccaneer and conquistador, men of violence, and thirsty for liquor and blood. It
is believed outside the State, and by many new comers among us, that these violent men planted
the seeds of disorder and lawlessness- and these germs are thought to be still producing condi
tions against which the stranger must arm himself and stand gua/d. To such an extent is ,this
vain idea held that many tourists, who come now, bring weapons as a necessary part of their out
fit and are watchful and alert as soon as they cross the California line.
A few of those mining pioneers survive. They were in life's bloom and vigor when they
came;"the sap of their vernal time was. in them and care sat lightly on their shoulders. They were
thrilled by the spirit of adventure and their courage did not need further proof than was fur
nished by their long march across the plains, their familiarity with cholera and fever on the isth
mus or their battle with the tempests of Cape Horn and their struggle for life in the alternate
storms and calms of the tropics^ ; »
They are old men now and have the fondness of old men for magnifying their heroic days,
but let the visitor interview them and he will be surprised to know, how Jew carried arms other
than were needed in the hunt for game. He will be informed in the capacity of man for govern*
ing himself by learning of the infrequency of crime and the justice of its punishment and of the
general " security for life and property in the mining camps, where neither statutes nor locks and
keys had yet appeared. The rules they made were so at one with natural justice that when the
governments of the State and nation had to adont codes of ownership and procedure concerning
mining property and regulating its operation the rules of those pioneers were bodily adopted as
the law of the land, and every inch of mining property, clear into cold Alaska, is to-day under the
just law voluntarily made by the California pioneers.
Those men were not.the gold seekers that followed Cortez and Pizarro, snatching the shin
ing metal from the hands.of natives who had mined and smelted it. They sought it with their
own labor on the bar and in the ledge, and when the lucky miner had filled his buckskin sack
with the glittering dust it was. as safe in his log cabin as the ashes on his hearth. The-remote
foundation of the life of California as we see it to-day was partly upon what such men. brought
in the early and heroic immigration. Partly, too, it is based upon the civilization which pre
ceded them, upon the grandly simple ways of the Spaniards and Mexicans, who were the first civ
ilized occupants of the soil. Their lovely pastoral life survives only in memory and v in history. It
was not wtiat we call progressive, but there was upon it that, ineffable contentment and calm, that
simplicity of faith, that expression of reserve power, which garlanded it with charms whose beauty
grows with the perspective of time through which we behold them.
That hacienda life led by Vallejo, Castro, Del Valle, Estudillo, Peralta, Pico, Pacheco,
Galindo, Covarrubias and the other great Dons, who lorded wjth gentle sway over far-reaching
principalities, though far gone now has left its impress upon the life of to-day. The well-known
California hospitality, the faculty of our people for hailing the guest with everything that enchants
and satisfies, comes to us an inheritance from those baronial gentlemen, whose • honor was as
stainless as a star and whose hospitality was as natural as their stature. Let all this be said in jus
tice to the two classes and the two races which cleared the way for the present life that makes Cal
ifornia what she is. . :
MR. PRESIDENT, THE PIONEERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 12, 1901.
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
WHAT MODERN EUROPE HAS DONE
in the Splendidly Fertile
DRAMATIC FIELD OF OPERA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN # D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor, j - 'Address Communications to W.S.\LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY .._..._..._,._ ~.~ ......;................-.... .^........-....MAY 12. iqoi
Publication Office ...«...-. .....Market and Third, S. F.
18
' AD VEKTISEMENTS. : \:
Dr. Humphreys
; Slmllia Simllibus Curantur,
Let likea bo treated by likes.
.The mlld'power cures. •'
i Humphreys' Homeopathic Specifics
NO. : ." • , CURE,; ¦ PRICES.
, 1— Fevers, - Congestions, Inflammations • .25
2 — "Worms, Worm Fever, Worm Colic. .25
a— Teething, Colic, Crying. Wakeful-
ness :../. .23
4— Diarrhoea, of Children or Adults.. .25
.7— Conghi, Colds. Bronchitis 25
.: 8— New ralcla,' Toothache. Faceache.... .25
• O— Headache, Sick Headache, • Vertigo..: .25
10— Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Weak Stom-
ach ....r.. k ..i......... ;;.........../.... .25
11— Suppressed or Painful Period* Jtr*
12— "Whites, Too Profuse Periods... 25
13— Croup, Laryngitis, Hoarseness... .25
14— Salt, Rhenm,' Erysipelas. Eruptions .25
16— Rheumatism, Rheumatic Pains... .25
lG^Malaria,' Chills. Fever and Ague..'.. .25
llV^-Catarrh, Influenza.* Cold'ln the Head .25
2O— Whooplng-Congh • ; ; -.25
.27— Kidney ' Diseases .......... . . .25
28— Nervous Debility ......... .1.00
: 3O— ITrinary. Weakness, . Wetting Bed .25
77— Grip, Hay Fever. ...:..... / .25
"Sold by druggists, or sent on receipt of price.
> 'A^ "pocket epitome of Domestic Practice
mailed for tho asking. "
.'Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co. Cor.
William and John Sts., New. York.
; • AD VERTTSIIMEIIT 3.
IMatSGfWJKtl
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
10 THIBPST. 5ANraWCl5COJ
DECIDEDLY
THEniCEST
things in Ladies footwear ;
fomcaioDsaod summer.
I outings Are our new Rigfi lace
•5l5oes and Oxfords
"We have a splendid line of
Ladies' Fine Tan 'Canvas
Lace Shoes, extra high cut,
[it inches all told, coin toes>
with tan kid tips and heel
foxingf, durable soles and
-military heels, sizes 2}4 to 8,
widths B to E, our price.
S2.OO the pair.
Fine line of Ladizs* White
or Tan Canvas Oxford Ties,
coin toes and tips and turned
soles, sizes 3 to 8,'widths A. to
E, reduced to &1.OO the
pair.
The Tan Oxfords have kid
tips and leather heels. The
White Oxfords have French
heels. :
We are giving away, ab-
' solutely free, a McKinley
Souvenir Fan. You may have
•ons by calling for it.
I PHILADELPHIA 5H0ECO.|
j| lOTHlB&Sl-JtoFwNcko:M
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Pamiana Bitters
IS A- GREAT RESTORATIVE. INviGORA-
tor And Nervine. . ¦ V~
The most -wonderful aphrodisiac anil q n »da!
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
1/ EARNT ' AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
¦¦ modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50o to SI 60 day:
?5 to JS week; $8 to 120 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grates In evert
room; elevator runs all nisat. :
IHtffiMHBliCHMBaMBimnMMiflH^H^HHHSBIndian Territory, which increased in
population from 180,000 In 1890 to 391.000 in
3900, is an aspirant for the same territorial
representation In Congress as Is now
given to its neighbor, Oklahoma, formerly
a part of it. The white population of the
Indian Territory is largely increasing.
Leniency Shown Him.
Gecrge W. Johnson, a collector for the
Emporium, was sentenced to six months
in the County Jail by Judg^e Fritz yester
day on each of two charges of misde
meanor embezzlement. He had been held
to answer on the more strious charge of
felony embezzlement by (Xudfjre Fritz, but
Judge Lawlor, to- who'sst court the case
¦vras assigned for triafl, thought it ad
visable to give the younk man a chance
to redeem himself and slent the matter
back to the lower court so that the de
fendant would not be sent to the State's
prison.
ninth Infantry, United States Volunteers— Dear
Sir: Your exceedingly heroic conduct in rescu
ing from drowning three officers and ten Fili
pinos, off Calbayog, Lamar, Philippine Islands,
on October 31, 1900, having been, thoroughly
certified by reports of officers commanding the
United States army In that district, our board
has taken great inter«wt In awarding you the
Inclosed medal of honor sent to you on the
request and advice of your commanding officer.
Second Lieutenant E. O. Perkins, of the Twen
ty-ninth United States Volunteers, at Manila,
Philippine Islands. "
I take extreme pleasure as the president of
the board In forwarding to Lieutenant • E. O.
Perkins this medal, trusting such a public pres
entation may be made of It as shall command
the attention of your fellows in the army to
what is possible to be done by brave and heroic
endeavors. ' • •
For the board, very truly yours,
' J. WESLEY JONES.
""Corporal "Wilson has been also recom
mended to Congress by the officers of the
Twenty-ninth for a medal of honor for
conspicuous gallantry on the field.
Herbert S. Brown, Frank E. Miller. Alva J.
Tilden; 387, Fred J. Pullee; 3SS— S. E. Booker,
F. C. Cunningham, Pierce A. Kittell; Los Ba
nos 82, H. P. Greenlaw; Los Gatos 294— R. A.
Crosby, W. H. Cutter; Lower Lake 130, A. M.
Neilson. 1
Madera No. 327, James J. Cramer; Madison
2S7. W. H. Mitchell; Marlposa 39, W. J. Kear
ney; Martinez 297. T. W. Huckstep: Mayfleld
192, William Southwlck: Marysville 5, William
A. Lowery; '45— Fred W. Schutz, Joseph H.
Shaffer: Maxwell 361, John Hannah; Mendo
clno 213 — Michael Brarly, Peter Brady, T. J.
Richards; Merced 20S — W. B. Croop, E. J.
Moor, A. H. Scofleld; Meridian 212, Henry E.
Gibson; Michigan Bluff 14. Richard Lafruth;
1 Millville 141, W. S. Criss; Middleton 150, G. W.
Kemp; Milton 66, Alexander Brown ; Modesto
149— L. L. Dennett. W. K. McMulHn, George
Perley; Mokelume Hill 44, Clarence F. Kelton;
Monrovia 330, W. F. Fox; Mount View 244, Wil
liam Neuroth; Murphy s 86, David Baratinl.
Those From Napa.
Napa No. 18— T. A. Bell, Charles Weltl,
William West; Nevada City 16— Thomas Daniel,
Hugh Murchie A. R. Lord, C. E. Mulloy; New
Castle 317, David B. Lewis; Newman 354, R. C.
Lauson: Newvllle 321, E. D. Scott; Nlles 362,
James W. Clarke; North Bloomfleld 48, Joslah
Glaeson; North Ontario 68, E. M; T. Maurer;
North San Juan 67, Thomas Harris.
Oakdale No. 228, B. F. Sutllff; Oakland 113—
J. A. C. Delauriers, Georgre Kirk, John Mc-
Vey: 144— Myron T. Holcomb, D. A. Mnclair,
A.-D. Smith, Harry Marton; 198— M. H.. Morse,
F. E. Whitney; 272— Charles N. Fox, A. A.
Rieser, F. J. Wentworth; 313— William Heyer.
L. Lorenson; 296— Warren Heaton, John Trot
ter; Ocean3lcle 346, Georgre Holman; Occidental
234, James Rolx; OIeta : 72, • Chester Perny: On
tario 345— R. C. BrackenridgB, Frank IGarry;
Orland 218, George A. Reager; Orange 235, Nel
son T. Edwards; Oroville 59— Frank F. Bar
tels, A. F. Jones, Joe Marks; Oxnard S9, John
Horcewood. . - .•
Pacific Grove No. 182, E. B.' Rich; Pasadena
324— O. H. Hayes, R. H. Starrett; Paso Robles
350, A. T; Pruess; Pennington 267,~He"nry Fair
lee; Petaluma 30— H. R. Campbell, W. H^Dar
den, E.' E.' Drees, F. H. Meyers, H. : F. Smith;
Pescadero 286, B. Hayward: Placerville 20 — P
Cote, John P. Fisher, F. Herman; 74— George
W. Barlow, M. Mayer; Pleasant Grove 269,
Eben Fineld; Pleasant:on , 255, T. W. Harris;
Plymouth -250, George L. Clark; Pomona 246—
Charles W. Burdlck, George. A. Stofa; Porter
ville 359, Byron L. Carpenter; Point Arena 240,
J. C. Halliday.
Qulncy No. 88, H. C. Flournoy^
Red Bluff No. 7S-W. F. O'Connor, George
W. Shaffer, J. J. Wells; Redding 271— jr. J.
Lefebore, Lomls Moore: Redlands 341, J. E.
Payton; Reedley 374, John McBriar; Redwood
City 109— George H. Buck, Adolph Frey, Louis
Hexner; ; Rio Vista ISO, Peter Henniger; Ripon
58, E. N. Pierce; Rivera 37ft-JacobJ. Nagle;
Riverside 282— E. H. Gruwell, . W. W. Phelps,
A. A. PIddlngton, Thad. E. , Sabnrn; Rocklln
257, Charles F. Trask; Rohnerville 210— C. E.
Gallup, A. A. Lamb; Rough and Ready 36
John Fippln; Rosevllle 205, W. J. Doyle; Rail
road Flat 15S, Thomas W. Taylor.
San Francisco Delegation,
San Francisco No. 1— C. K Benedict, , aI G.
Clark, William .Trotter; 5— S. B. H. • Huffman,
James G. Magulre, Herman Lillenthal, P. P.
Gosbey, S. B.; Moreland, C. H. Slmonds," C. H.
Ward; 13— Joseph G.Mysell, A. Puaba, . Charles
Quast; 15-L. L. Alexander, U. S. Q. Clifford,
J.' A." Foster, R. ' H. Lloyd, George L. Perham,.
Davis Ixraderback. Frank E>. Worth; 17—Shel
don D. Kello&s, T. B. W. Leland;, 29— J. Er
rickson, J. T. Jones, S. J. Mitchell, J, K.
Phillips, Samuel Polack; 71— M. Celler, H.
Newburgh, S. Regcnsberger, T.;P. Woodward :
95— W. J. Brobeck, Thomas K. Kase: 112— W.-
H. Blundell, H. H. Dobbin. M. P. Forbeg, S.
G. Obram;.H6— E. Ratger, L. -Winter; 122— D
Becker. H. F. Schllhting Jr.; Charles Trauc
ner; 123— J. J. Applegate, L;- Hammersmith, WV
F. Norcross, H.\ D. Cavllle, W. A. Limbaush;
124— J. H. Cope. W. T. Lyon, V. F. ' Northrop ;
125, S. G. McDonald; 131, H. S. Brower, J. F.
Crosett, R, • L. Simpson ; 145, A. H. Breck
woldt; 155— Frank D. Ashworth,. Fred D. Ash- :
worth, ,C. C. MorriU, John Thompson, " F. ' 1/.
Turpin; 171— G. ,W. Collier, John . B. Rus^l),
J. . L. ; Hupman;* George Wlmmer;" 194 — A. ' H.
Cousins, T. P. Jarvis, ti.'G. Schord; 204-r-F. \V.
Henderson. L. Kragen, D. C. "¦, Talbot ; 203-J.
Aitkins, A. . Berg-, Frank W.' Derby, J. C.
Skinner, C.' R. .Thrana; 207— E. =¦ Dauscher, > C:
Grand, L. I*' Reray, ' Eugene . Thlele; - 222— Wll- '
Ham : B. Curtis. V A. W. Downes,* C. H. : Korn -
beck, T. .¦ R. » Morse, N. ¦ M. Petersen, A. J.'
Styche; 257— T. W. •. Fisher. John . Greenle»s, .
George -. Sherman; 285 — John * H. Gray, - M." T. j
Moses? ; 310, -William • J.' Black: 322— C. ; H. • An
drews, R. C. Black, Clarkson Dye ; 334— J. Fer
retti, J.*K. Fraser. J.T. Gibson;•S68- Ale:wn- ;
der Hay, Frank H.; Smith.. ;,;• ¦¦, , " :
x ." Sacramento's . Choice. .
.: Sacramento >'¦ No.' J 2-^-C.-" W. * Baker," R.- G.
Haya, . F. A, Wallace, J. W. .'Watt; 4— B. C. .
Moderately Priced Apartments.
Permanent and transient *• guests will find
Hotel Neoveau. 212 Stockton st.. conveniently
located and first-class in every detail.
EKNTEST SETOTT-THOaVLPSOir
LECTiraES ON ANIMALS
Tells Stories About Yellowstone Park
Bears and Old Lobo, tho
King Wolf.
Expressly for the accommodation of the
school children Ernest Seton-Thompson de
livered another of his inimitable lectures
yesterday morning at Metropolitan Hall.
A great number of the little folks turned
out to hear his quaint stories about wild
animal life. The lecturer rehearsed sev
eral of the narratives which he had writ
ten in his book, but added many Interest
ing incidents which he had noted through
personal .Investigation. He told about Old
Grumpy and Little Johnny, two black
bears of Yellowstone Park, whose per
sonality he had studied.
Another of his narratives which excited
great Interest had for Its hero Old Lobo,
king of the Mexican wolves, which . for
merly, tyranized over the cow punchers of
Mexico and slaughtered their cattle night
ly until finally, heartbroken because of the
loss of his mate, he became careless and
was captured in a trap. The lecturer
stated that the hunter of to-day is leav
ing his gun at home and carrying with
him to the woods the camera instead, thus
immortalizing instead of destroying the
wild animals.
LONDON. May 11.— Considerable amuse
ment has been caused by the publication
of a dispatch from China saying great re
lief whs felt among- the European troops
nt the withdrawal of the Americans, who
were too free and easy for the military
ptinuette of the (continental forces. The
Daily News comments on this as follows:
"Their manners have not that repose
that stamps the military caste, of Europe.
It is painful to think how the Innocent
freedoms of the American soldier must
have jarred on Messrs. Atkins, Dumanet
and the rest."
WASHINGTON. May 11.— Tt Is the un
rfprstandinfr at the State Department that
¦thp American troops who remain in the
Forbidden City in Peking are very few
in number and compose the legation guard
wViich is to be permanently retained In
Peking. They are now occupying the
Fame place which they have held since
the occupation of Peking, and it Is sup
posed that they will remain where they
are until a p*«nanent United States lega
tion compound has been secured.
BERLIN, May 11.— Officials here say
iat the withdrawal of the American
oops from China is in accordance with
n agreement between Von Waldersee
nd General Chaffee. The officials also
say Von Waldfrsee has not reported any
recent disagreement with General Chaffee.
GALLANT VOLUNTEER * "WHO
WAS PRESENTED WITH A
MEDAL, FOR BRAVERY.
Democratic excursion to Benlcla, May
19. by new steamer Onlsba,- to celebrate
fiftieth anniversary of first Democratic
State Convention. D. M. Delmas will deliv
er the address. Good accommodations for
ladies. No liquors sold on steamer. •
HONEST AMERICAN SOLDIERS
JAR CONTINENTAL ETIQUETTE
Cs-r|-«aHE men of Company M, Twenty-
I ninth Infantry, which was mus-
II tered out Friday at the Presidio,
ii, are extremely proud, and with rea
son, of Corporal J. W. Wilson.
They warmly commend his brave actions
and soldierly qualities, and the officers of
the regiment point to the corporal as the
best type of the American soldier and a
man worthy of. all honor.
Corporal Wilson Is' a modest fellow and
does riot care to talk of his achievements,
but his comrades are not so backward and
will talk by the hour "of the pride of the
regiment." The particular deed- of daring
of which the men delight to tell is a tale
of a gallant rescue from drowning of a
party composed of three officers and ten
Filipinos. The officers and natives were
out in a boat and lost Control of the
craft. They were drifting about and were
in great danger of being upset and
drowned -when Wilson, who was standing
on the shore 100 yards away, procured a
rope, sprang into the swiftly running river
and swam out to them. The hero fastened
the rope to the frail craft and returned to
the shore. Willing hands -were ready to
grasp the line which Wilson held, and
strong arms soon dragged the boat to
shore and safety^ ;. • .. - : -
•" The corporal's conduct was reported by
the officers to the United States volunteer
life saving corps, and the handsome medal
which adorns the Breast of Wilson's blt.e
blouse was sent to him in recognition of
his bravery. The medal was presented to
Wilson before the entire command by
Lieutenant E. O. Perkins and the follow
ing letter was read:
United States Life Saving Corps (Inland Wa
ters), 6365 Park Row, New York, March 20,
1901.
Corporal J. W. Wilson, Company M, Twenty-
L. J. Tabler; Alvarado 93 — James Hanley,
Georgre Small; Angels 33, J. F. Lyons; -A.l]e
ghany 54, Albert Read; Anaheim, Oliver "Hill;
Azusa, G. W. Moran.
Bakersfleld No. 202— C. L. Krull. 0. O. Matt
son; Benicla 22— Herman Heitzbrun, John
Seltz: Bear Valley 110, Frank- Prarie; Berke
ley 270 — John Streishtlf, B. E. Underwood;
Bieber 2S6; W. B. Phillips: Birds Landing 234,
Julius Olson; Biggs 47. John Kippel; Big Oak
Flat, Perry Tyer; Bishop 332, George Watter
son; Bloomfleld 191, N. B. Nile; Blue Lake 347—
D H. Jones C. H. Reeves; Blacks 293, Edward
George Clark; Bodie 279, William Stewart;
Boulder Creek 152, Andrew J. Baldwin; Bridge
port 3S6, John H. Sawyer; Brownville, D. W.
Albert; Byrons 333, F. Rahmstorf. *
Cambria No. 181. Gilbert Van Gorden; Camp
bell 42 Frank E. Duncan: Capay 230, Francis
Cole; Carpenteria 70. J. W. William; Cayucos
300, Henry E. Cass; Cedarvllle 249, John C.
Sharp; Cherokee 92, William Williams; Chico
113— H. H. Camper. O. L. Clark, T. B. Hart,
A. L. Neubarth; Chino 375, George Shaefer;
Clement 355, G. A. Chrisman;. Cloverdale 193,
R S. Markell; Colfax 132, George H. Barnes;
Colusa 133— W. D. Cook, J. H. Pope; Calistoga
227, S. P. Sherwood; Columbia 21— T. H.
Bleuett, S. J. Hamilton; Coloma 27, Robert
Johnson; Colton 326. D. C. Swarts; Compton
247, H. B. Rice; Concord 117. Andrew C. Geh
ringer; Copperopolis 106, Andrew E. Pool;
Crockett 329-T. B. Pratt, Henry Windall;
Corning 3C5, A. F. Blatchley; Corona 377, H. A.
Wood; Coulterville 104. OUie J. Fiske; Covlna
362, George Cool man; Covelo 319, Albert bcott;
Crescent City 41. Milton McMuiray.
Danville No. 376, John Hartz; Davisville 169,
Frank Weber; Delano 356, Arthur C. Jones;
Diamond Springs 9, Alexander Ilsohn; Dlxon
172-D. McKinnon. W. E. Pedrick; Downey 197,
A. J. Branlette; Downleville 24, Stanley A.
Smith; Dunnigan 318, B. C. Hughes; Durham
311, J. H. Goss; Dutch Flat 81— J. W. Jameson,
Chris Runckel. .
Los Angeles Contingent.
East Los Angeles No. 325^George W. Stock
well, Perry Whlttaker: East Oakland 189— V. S.
Northey C. W.-Wilkins; 253. William* Crow
hurst; Elmhurst 364, M: S. Snow, Elk Grove
274— LT Everson, E. G. Stephenson: Elmira
214, James McCrory; Elslnore 336, J. S. Sltton;
Escondido 244, J. N. Turrentlne; Etna 184. Al
bert H. Denny: Eureka 77-E. C. Bonestell, W.
O. Morrison, W. H. Rowell, S.^T Weatherby;
221- J. L. Crichton. T. II. Selvege, J. F.-
Thompson: Exeter 308, Henry Newman. .
Farmington No. 396. J. R. s Wilkes; Fallbrook
359, Montgomery H. Moulton; Fall River Mills
304, Sylvester McCoy; Ferndale 220-C. Eske
aen. D. A. Robinson, S. S. Swift; 3.9, L. H.
Traulsen; Fernando 365. F. A. Powell: Florin
364 W J Ross; Folsom 62, George Marvin;
Fort Bidwell 291. H. B.-. Stevens; Fort Bragg
360— J W. Randolph, Samuel Schafsky; Fort
Jones 115-C. S. Cowan, J. W. Wheeler; For
tuna 380. R. R. Smith: Forest 32, John T.
Owens; Forest Hill 73, H. Schwalenverg; For
estville 320, W. L. Call ; Fowler 363, A. R. Ma
son- Fresno 18&- H. Ahrensburg. E. M. Bishop,
A. M. Drew, H. Ford; 343, T. W. Chapman.'F.
Knobloch; French Gulch 75,' William C. Bal
graves; Fruttvale 69, William Brannan.
Gait No. 239— J. W. Angrave; S. E. Wriston;
Georgetown 37, W. T. Gibbs; Gllroy 154— John
M. Hoesch, L. A. Whltehurst; Glendale 388, .
Constantine Haines; Gonzales 372, John R.
Goold; Graf ton 256, B.L.v Greene; Grand Island
266 v«. W. Kilgore; Grass Valley 12—John.Clas
sori, H. A. Fairbanks, James Sampson, Thomas
Stile; 165— P. W. Crider, I. Stern; Green
ville 252 Henry Kloppenburg; Grldley 268, Rich
ard Jenkins; Guadeloupe 224, H. C. Grlslngher;
Guerneville 231— C. C. Cobb, R. Starett.
Hanford No. 264-tA. G. Robinson, M. B.
Wash burn; Hay wards . 129, Rasmus C. Rasmus
sen; Healdsburg 64— E. D. Eby. D..W. Reardon,
E. Te.uff.er; Hollister 166— Charles J. Cox, Rob
ert Shaw, Roderick Shaw; Hornitos 99, W.' P.
Branson; Hydesvllle 250— E.J. Moore, Will lam
B. Ogden; Halfmoon Bay 143, William H. Grif
fith., ¦• ¦ . -¦ •>' ¦ - - ¦ ¦ ¦ •¦ i :
Inyo Odd Fellows.
Independence No. 301, Peter M. Forbes; lone
61— Thomas H. -Gartlen, George J. - Yager; Iowa
Hill; 38, William ¦ H. James: Irvinsrton .114 —
George A. Cash, George H. Clark; Igo 209, Wil
llamR. Stewart. ' •
Jackson No. 36— William M,"Penry, John W.
Petty; Janesville 223, O. M. Doyle; Johnsville
292. Jacob C. .Richards. ¦
Kelseyvllle No. ¦ 173, G.' W. Minstrell: Kern
vllle, 25L . G.- T. Van Voorhees; ,King City 35S,
Peter Moracl; Kings River 211, Lon Goodrich;
Knights Ferry 170. William F. Boukon; Knob
91, W.;H. Poston. V - . ? -
: Lakeport No. 351, Vrank Hawe:>Lagrange 65,
Leonard Stevens;- Laporte 80, Dlxon -Brabban;
Latrobe 63, Joseph D. Maxwell ; Laytonville 206,
C. A."; Irvine; ' Lemoor? 280, -William . N. Strat
ton; Lincoln 107— C. Hansen,- E. C. Matthews;
Linden* 102. J." A." Drosce; Llvermore 219— T.D.
Coffman, N. D. Dutchar;;Lockeford- 134,- N.'H.
Locke ; Lodi 259, ; Sam B. Axtell ; Loleta 56/ W.
R.\ Bolce ; '. Lompoc • 245,* T.' E. 'Dimmock; :Los
Angeles 85-^James t Booth, .'• Kenneth . Grant, C.
E. I HartwelI, Ed: Qulnn; 60,' Fred Brauer; 160 —
I H. v L. Broen,': G." C. " Lawson, W. P. Schlosser;
[ JJ3— George ; M. ; Hutchison/ Peter Snyder; 371—
L.'F. Webster; 215— M. D. Arthur, C. S. Bas
ford, James Canning; Vlsalia 94— Sol Lowen
berg, William Kittner; Volcano 25, Paul Gull
land. • *
Washington Nix 128, A. Steam; Watsonvllla
90— Joseph Hanson V. Leu, J. w. Lanscott C.
E. Taylor, I. H. Tuttle, S. N. Wycoff; Weaver
ville 61— R. L. Carter, A. G. Flowers; West
minster 72. G. L. Waters: West Oakland 253—
Samuel Adams, William J. Faunt, James Rye-
West Point 299, W. W. Congdon; Wheatland
100— R. L Egbert, A. C. Granger; Whittler 313,
L. R. Wesley; Willeta 277. J. B. Sanford; Wil
liams 229. H. H. Retterath; Wilmington 138.
J. P. Sylva: Windsor 215. Charles A. Kennedy:
Willows 289— J. H. Graves. J. H. Mitchell; A.
J. , Wade; Woodbridge 98. John Thompson;
Woodland 111— F. J. Beuder. H. C. Howard,
H. R. Odium.
Tuba City No. 185— A. C. McLaughlin, James
E. Orr. ; s
Breir, S. B. Smith, James Murray: 8— T. K.
Burkworth, E. J. Clark, T. F. Infield, J. A.
M. Weldon,-H. F. G. Wulff: 87— A. M. Au
bertus, C. A. Bliss. O. W. Erlewine. Nicholas
Hrayle. Grove L. Johnson, W. A. Stephen
son; 105— Edmund Herbert, John Kromer, Peter
•Newman; 157— G. B. Granton, George Criss
well. D. J. Mannix, George Murray, William
Trapper, C. V. Watson; 163— A. H. Carpenter,
Clauda F. Lacey; Salinas Xo. 27G— J. W.'Row
llng, J. VT. Stirling; San Andreas 50— E. L,.
McAdams, James W. Roberts; San Bernardino
146— C. L. Allison, E. R. Waite; 290— T. W.
Duckworth, J. P. HIght. George Renwick; San
Diego 153— J. Engelbert. Joseph Foster, C. H.
Julian, Sam F. Smith; 328— H. R. Harbison.
A. F. Johnson, C. Ruppenthal, John Stork;
Sanger 375-T. I\ Taylor; San Jose 23— F. K.
Barthel, A. A. Brown, C. H. Walter; 34— T.
W. Carroll; 142—A. C. Bates, K. N. Cfittle.
H. B. Fisher: 17S. W. RelfT: 242. P. Mlnjoulet;
357, L. P. Hansen; San Jacinto 365, C. W.
Mellor; San Juan 1S9, N. F. Gobar; San Lean
dro 251, C. F. Sell; San Luis Oblspo 168— W. W.
Bradford, S. H. Hanson; San Mateo 26S, W.
R. Schneider: San Miguel 340, C. J. Cooper;
San Pedro, B. C. Volkerts; San Rafael 200 —
F. M. Angellotti, C. O. Jonsen ; Santa Ana 236—
D. G. McClay, G. A. RHey, Julius Reinshaup,
Will J. Scammon; Santa Barbara 156— T. R.
Dawe, E. F. Hunt; 252, William Ford; Santa
Clara 52 — S. Oberdeener, V. Rosconl, G. H.
"Worrall ; 238— E. L. Fellows, R. C. Pippin;
Santa Cruz 96— C. A. Bristol, J. S. Collins. C.
D. Hlnkle, G. W. Reid. C. L. Studeman; 147—
F.vP Copper. S. Barnett, J. E. Murphy. A. P.
S wanton, W. D. Shippy; Santa Maria 302, W.
H. Langlois ; Santa Monica 369, . S. . F. Car
penter; Santa Paula 314, J. H. Sloan: Santa
Rosa 53— C. E. Gamble, W. H. Lee, William
Shaw, J. W. Warboys; Sawyers Bar 10, T. H.
Benhke: Sebastopol 161. J. B. Sullivan: Selma
309, J. Batchold; Sheridan 312. L. B. Hlnman;
Sierra City 262, J. M. Graham: Sierra Valley
140. M. Butchard; Stockton 6— E. T. Knowles,
C. B. Parklson, T. H. Stroup, M. E. Tnrescher,
R. E. Wilcox, C. E. Williams. W. H. Wood
bridge; 11— G. W. Gallup, T. H. Kitto. C. W.
Miller. G. • F. Roessch; 55— J. Blaladell,. Otto
Grunsky, H. S. Homage, J. D. Maxey, J. P.
Snooner Sr. ; St. Helena 167— A. N. Bell. W.
W. Lyman; Slsson 370— H. F. Arenburg, C. H.
Wood: Smartsvllle 183. M. R. Holbrook; Snel
ling 121— G. W. Halstead. J. F. Peterson: So
noma 28. J. B. Small; Sonora 10— W. Hartvlgf,
Jules Michel. T. F. Symons, Joseph Victor;
Soquel 137— C. S. Mason, Fred Wyman; Suisun
78— W. G. Davisson. D. D. Naylor; Susanville
135, N. J. Barry; Sutter Creek 31— John Hig
glns, George Trewett. ....
From the ITorth.
Taylorville No. 136, G. D. Frolich; Tomalea
233, T. J. Abies; Tracy 177— F. O. Houskins, A.
F. Windeler; Traver 342, Harrison R. Peacock:
Truckee 162 — Fred Burns, James L. Sharp;
Tulare 306 — B. E. Scranton, C. I* Smith. A.
W. Wheeler; 333— Joel H. Ford. G. "W. Scott.
Ukiah'No. 174— F. M. Ca'uRhey, E. G. Case;
Upper Lake 241, H. E. Blackow.
"Vacaville No. 83— W. P. Davidson, William
Schanks: Vallejo 4J^-S. A. Coffee. James Frost.
H. L. Halliday; "Ventura 201— John F. Streets,
The delegates from the 358 lodges of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows of the
State of California, representing an ag
gregate membership of nearly 32,030, will
assemble in annual session 1 in the Odd
Fellows' building next Tuesday. In addi
tion to the grand officers the representa
tives to the grand body will number 639,
and it will take about four days to trans
act the business that is to be brought up.
W. W. Watson, the present grand mas
ter, will be succeeded by. "William Nieholls
of Sacramento, deputy grand master. M.
G. Gill of Red Bluff, grand warden, will
be promoted to the office of deputy grand
master. The most spirited contest will be
for the office of grand warden, which is
the pedestal on which stand those who
seek to become grand master of this ex
tensive order.' There are as candidate?
for this position C. W. Baker, of Sacra
mento, Samuel F. Smith of San Diego,
James Rye of Oakland, J. W. Linscott of
Watsonville. C. Wete of Napa and G. W.
Minstrell of Lakeport. For the office of
grand secretary George T. Shaw, the ni
cumberit, who has given satisfaction to
all for a number of years, will be re
elected without opposition. James \V,
Harris can be re-elected grand treasurer
if he desires the position for another term.
So far the only candidates named for the
position of grand trustees are the incum
bents, C. O. Burton of San Francisco,
John Glason of Gr*ass Valley and J. F.
Nichols of San Francisco. There may be
a contest for the office of trustees of the
Odd Fellows' Home, as there are tv;o to
be elected this year. Thos far but three
names have been mentioned, A. F. Jones
of Oroville, J. Morton of San Mateo and
Dr. W. F. Gates of Oroville. The other
offices are. appointive and the choice will
rest with the incoming grand master. .
The Thermalito Home.
During the past year the order has. made
a substantial gain in finance, despite the
fact that there has been a heavy call
upon the treasuries of the several bodies
to assist members in sickness and dis
tress. There has been a gain of about 803
members during the year.
The most important matter to come be
fore the Grand Lodge for discussion at the
approaching session will be the report of
the special committee appointed at the
previous session to visit places which
might be suitable -for a home for aged
Odd Fellows. . At the previous session
there was a severe attack made on the
home, which is located at Thermalito, in
Butte County, on the ground principally
that the sanitary conditions are not such
as are conducive to the health of the aged
guests at the home. The people of Butte
County, through their representatives in
the Grand Lodge, made a stubborn fight
to have the home retained where it is.
and succeeded in having action deferred
for a year. In the meantime the special
committee has visited the home, also site^
that have been offered in Alameda, San
Mateo, Santa Clara and Monterey coun
ties. An exhaustive report will be pre
sented, but it will be without recommen
dation. The people from the northern
county will again be in force to show by
argument why the home should not be re
moved from its present site, while others
will advance arguments in favor of the
several sites that have been visited by
the committee.
The following: is the list of the repre
sentative Odd Fellows from all parts of
the State, with the exception of a half
dozen lodges, "whose lists of delegates had
not been received up to yesterday. The
list gives the localities in alphabetical or
der, the number of the lodge and the
names of the representatives:
Delegates to Grand Lodge.
Aden No. 271, Joseph H. "Mitchell: Alturaa
273, John E. Parker; Arcata 80-7- J. E. Craw
ford, George Marken, Charles "Woods: Ar
buckle 316, H. J. Duffield; Arroyo Grands 258,
James .3. Price; Auburn 7 — C. H. Adams, B.
P. Tabor; Alameda 40, C. H. Wever; 164
— E. J. Be van, Peter Nelson; Antloch 151—
D. McCartney, A. A. Waldle; Anderson 254,
The Grand Officers for Next
, Term— Thermalito Home,
for the Aged.
ODD FELLOWS'
GRAMD LODGE
•
Representatives From
All Parts of State to
Meet Here.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 12, 1901.
Heroic Conduct of American Soldier Wins Him
Decoration From Volunteer Life Saving Corps.
BRAVE CORPORAL WILSON
IS PRESENTED WITH MEDAL
t!
\\
.'.
P.
19
[| 7? fi rTr~T^TDX Causes bilious head-ache, back-ache
jn^yj (^1 HI and all kinds of body aches. Spring
p j\ LJ /^a i$\ is ere anc^ Y™ want to get this bile
W(M- A£*3h i¥ J? poison out of your system, easily,
AT irL^v^tt^LJ^ naturally and gently. CASCARETS
\ are iust what you want; they never
1? uT5rf M tf^k^M$kk\ grip or gripe, but will work gently
a ) \\ \ l I^/JC A^Ki; \ 1 whiIe y° u sIee P- Some P eo P Ie think
A ly^^wCJ'^0J the more vioIent the 2 ri P in 2 the better
pyp^~— <^~* jpt*pj{ ' ISSjf *k e cure. Be careful— take care of
7/j y our bowels— salts and pill poisons
/ / -^^^S^^pr %^ : fl feaye them weak, and even less able to
HI "'^^^rH rfl^^ U P regular movements than be-
'// \\ \SrV^J?J?-~^ k* re * e on * y sate ' & ent k cleaner
7 \\ \ \\ \ r>F — T-z^j for the bowels are sweet, fragrant
/ W \i l/nininlll CASCARETS. They don't force
' out the ioecal matter with violence,
but act as a tonic on the whole 30 feet of bowel wall, strengthen the
muscles and restore healthy, natural action— buy them and try them.
You will find in an entirely natural way your bowels will be promptly
and permanently put in good order for the Spring and Summer work.
LIVER TONIC
f^Pini™ aI1 bowel trouble*, »ppendlcltl«, bll- £% | ¦ m *% a m ina p m. TO CTXIEEt Five yeart «ro
B " I I W !• >««"ne«h »>««» breath, fe*d blood, wind i'ilnUflEsJTlaliS! * b «. fl " t t>OI ,5 f S£. aC t,
Bill fir <m the stomach, bloated bowel* foul I?! 8 II |l|S B« I F i 81 ?£? Ii? million Wm £
UVllLi - month, headache, Indigestion, pimples, UUllllfllv I LLRJ ?ISJ thai w
I pains after ea tins:, liver tronble, sallow complexion «imllor medicine In the world. ThU ta nbcolnte proofof
and dizzlnea*. When yonr bowels don't move rcgn- - trrat merit, aniKoarbeit f^rttinonlal. WcbavefaltUand '
larly you are eettlns sick. Constipation kills more -will »eii OASCAKETS absointeiir g-naranteed to care or.
people than all other diseases together. It Is a money refunded, flobny today, tw<f5Oc boxes, give them a .
-Will never get well and be well all the time until boxes. Takeouradvlce— no matter what nils you— start to*
Ton put jour bowels rtahl. Take our advice; start day. Health will qnlekly follow and yon will bless the day
PATTOSIEM^JTURHTTTJItE CO. | PATTOSIEN FtJ^53 TT {5 E _5 O l_
Innovations in- the Art of Furnishing That
Promise Great Popularity.
The conspicuous success that attends the intelligent direction of business
affairs is often accounted for bv the unprogressive as the result of chance,
luck, or some term equally indefinite, whereas the true facts when known '
compel the unwilling admission that brains or ideas are, after all. the respon- 'j
sible factor in compelling results. The present day is wonderful in that it "is |
the day of great achievement.
Men start with comparatively nothing but ideas for their capital, and yet,
if these be good, the enlistment of money to develop them is easily accom-
plished. Ideas are in demand, and they are the most potent factors of suc-
cess. Instances without number can be cited of wealthy mercantile firms
slowly dying of "dry rot" while younger firms with limited capital are striding
to the front because possessed of enterprise and ideas, commodities which the
former have ceased to employ.
A case in point is that of the Pattosien Furniture Company in the Mis-
sion. Established bnt a few vears. they have enforced the attention and ad-
miration of their older competitors by reason » of the startling innovations
they are constantly introducing. Their latest idea is one that must commend
itself to every thinking person.
It occurred to Mr. W. T. Pattosien. the manager, that if a contractor
could construct a row of flats, consulting only his own ide?s. and then suc-
cessfully place them upon the market, meeting with a ready sale, why may
not a further step be taken bv offering the buyer a flat, not alone readv for
purchase, but also for occupancv? Following this plan, the Pattosien Com-
pany have leased at the corner of Oak and Cole streets nine newlv con- "
stfu'eted flats, thoroughly modern in appointment, which they have furnished
throughout with the most suitable furniture, carpets, draperies and ornamen-
tations that could be drawn from their vast establishment. These flats nre
for rent and the furniture for sale. Each flat has been furnished in a stvle dis-^
tinct from the others, and vet all with due regard to harmonious effect and
symmetry. It is undoubtedly true that few are gifted with g thc happv faculty
of either planning the appointments of their homes or selecting these ap- -
pointments from the bewildering mass of differing styles and types found in
a large furniture exposition building which, when installed, can be said to be
in correct taste.
As opposed to this difficulty the Pattosien Company enioved the dis- ¦
tinct advantage of the advice and counsel in the fitting of these flats of^ their
staff of assistants, each of whom is a recognized authority and specialist in
his respective department.
The result is an association of ideas representinT the most appropriate
combinations of color, fabric and texture compatible with the best taste. ThU
idea is the Vey note of this innovation, and is vital to the question of value nnd
rost. The Pattosien Company have rented not one but all of the nine flat*
?nd of course in leasing all have secured a lower price ur>on the individual
flat. As the motive is to sell the furniture, the Pattosien Company are in n
positiof. to save to the purchaser from $5.00 to $10.00 per month on the
rental. Then, ajjain. were the individual to plan th<* furnishine: of his own
home he must enlist the same servi~eof the specialist in each department of
his house, but at a greater cost, his being but an individual piece of work:
"-hereas in this case the specialist has been employed on nine nieces of work,
thereby producing a maximum of result at a minimum of co«t. By a simple
nroces? of reasoning the division of expense among the nine flats must result
in tl"" 1 lowering of cost in the individui! ?.at.
Throughout the whole plan the Question of minimizine: the cost has be<*n
constantly kept in mind, so that if prospective purchasers can be s"ited with
the flats and their furnishing they certainly can be with the price. The cost of
-t completely furnished home will be a revelation to contemplating buyers.
These flats are open for inspection to-day (Sundav) and all this week until
sold. Hours g to 12 and 2 to 5. evenings by appointment. Tel. Private Ex-
change 60.4.
Don't Want Money Until After They Have
,. Cured Their Patients.
Weak Men Made. Strong.
Established 1881. Largest and Best Equipped Medical In-
stitntion in America and Most Snccessfully Condncted.
DR. METERS & CO., the renowned specialists, are noted both for their
quick and lasting- cures of all, weakness and diseases of men and their fair and
liberal offer In regard to payments for their services. Read the "NO PAY
TILL CURED" proposition fflven below.
~ It requires confidence, backed by unquestioned ability, to make such an of-
fer. NO OTHER PHYSICIANS IN THE "WORLD WILL UNDERTAKE A
"CURE ON THESE. TERMS.
No Pay Required Till Cure Is Effected.
PUT THE MONEY IN BANK— Patients who^ have the least doubt about
being cured may deposit the price of a euro In any bank or with] any well-
known business house or newspaper In San Francisco, such deposit NOT to
be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the patient Is convinced that he Is perma-
nently cured. . If patients prefer, they may make monthly payments.
Falling powers/ loss of vital force, etc... "which Save been brought on by
dissipation in youth or in after life, overwork or worry, and all contracted ail-
ments, Including- malignant, contagious blood poisons, at any . stage, are in-
cluded In this offer. ,'. -
Private Book and Consultation FREE. Home Cures. .
. Homo cures a specialty. If you cannot call, wrlie for free book for men
only; advice and treatise on any disease. All letters confidential. No printing
on envelopes or packages. ' , '.
v Prices reasonable In all cases, whether the sufferer Is rich or poor.
All cures lasting as life. No poisonous or dangerous drugs ever dispensed.
DR. JIIIEYERS & CO., san francisco!'
:TAKE ELEVATOR— Hours, 9 to 4 dally; avenlnara, T to 8; Sundays; 9 to XL
"¦«¦.'¦';'¦••• ,-' '• . ' • •'•".¦ * ' f • •¦ ' -->¦
: ADVEETISEMENTSC : j^M »
. l:;L»>,>.rM,v',,.r\,,!,v.^.:.i.,-^:v., ; ,r.^^:^;:.^:,..^ i ,;.,;^:.'^.,/.;ii1
I
J ' ¦ • • " . -•-¦-• . •
v^'^^"') • .¦ . ' - • ~7 ~~ 7" SSS 1
j To-morrow we start a sale of the greatest silk purchase v ¦• w
: , "J.V the K. S. & F. stores, have ever made. • .:^ Yirrt"
f I'll Over 4500 yards of silk in all — enough to reach from the j j' j'i 1
ij{l-; ferry to Market and Castro streets — enough to make over ,'J.j!
!|i 1000 waists and enough to make it'the biggest silk event of. ! : ' 4
. the season. ; ::\ .
,i, , .95 shades and patterns In stripes, figures and solids.
'•,' Colors and black — for dresses, waists or evening wear.
Arabian lace striped taffetas.
' ' The latest hemstitched taffetas.
Soft finished striped taffetas. • . •
Fleur.de lis patterns on herringbone grounds — stylish, I •
i, . desirable, new, exclusive — all sillc and perfect in every way " %'
I l,| — not a yard in the lot worth less than $1.00 (the majority . '"'i,
: ' 'i'.l are $1.25 silks) — a wonderful buying opportunity— the result' -';
• of a singularly fortunate' cash purchase in New York. ,'
The sale, begins at both stores at 8 a. m. to-morrow •'
Any pattern in,. the lot
j|| 75c Y -<\ - |i ,
,l| ! Kow on exhibit in the windows I j
m . iilfliU
I \ NOVELTY PII^LOTV TOPS— a souvenir of battleship Ohio with / .
WT»^t fallforr.la poppies. " -IPIIIIIf*? '
Jr- £ v * %> . " •¦•"¦;*"•• -¦' <¦ ' ¦"•••-"- ••* --*•.-.-••• - 1. ----- - •- » - • - - - -->. - •.----..-.-.-.« - - - '^2^^ * * " *--»'¦•' • .* .V,^
1 'I'."' 1 !'*''"'¦' "'.'¦' •'¦ ...' '....... '. '.'. .."'',,¦ \..'.?y
IIIIIHIIIIHMIIMRIIIIttlHIIIIIIIIIIHHHIIIIIiHIIIHIIIIIHIHIHIItlHIItlHHDIIII) I H fWi
I , ••• 1Pictures at : Half -Price.
Following, our, usual . custom during, this
month, we r will Cclose «" out ; a lot " of odd
framed pictures at exactly, one-half price.
SanbonvVail & Co., 741 Market street. ¦'•
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 11.— The following
Calif ornlaris are in Washington- At the
Metropolitan— T. Quayle and wife, Mrs.
E. Vancott, B. L. Quayle, San Francisco.
At the National— T. Dlckson. John Filnier,
Charles H. Squire, San Francisco. At the
Arlington — R. J. . Anderson, San Francis
co. II At the Shoreham— James I.. Sperry
andwlfe, Miss Sperry, California.
Caledonian Club Games.
The Judges for the annual games of the
Caledonian Club , to be . held .'at ,\ Shell
Mound j Park May," 30 were named at a
meeting of the games committee, Friday.
They are George McDonald, James A. Mc-
Kay. M. P. Forbes. A. Lauriston, ; Allan
McKinnon, Adam ; Hannah, John : F. Mc-
Donald.\ Hugh Fraser, ¦ Neil A. . McLean,
Daniel A. McLean. Thomas "Wilson, W. R.
King, J. P. McCormack, Hedley, V. Mc-
Donald, E. T. . Gorie \ and AlexandenM.
Macpherson Jr. There will ,be over, forty
.events to be judged, some of them never
before having been seen on this coast. .
Dr. L, A. McLean of Sacramento 1 is at
the Grand.'- ; . • •'.. "**•
H. A. French of Sacramento is at the
Occidental. !
Jack Ross, a hotel man of Wa'co, Texas,
is at the Lick. i • ?
E. S. Gordon and wife of Santa Rosa are
at the Palace.' ;
C.E. Haven of Santa Rosa Is 'registered
at the California.
J. Craig, one of the proprietors of High
land, Springs, is at; the Grand. \ >
:."vvV Brooks Jones, an oil man'of Bakers
field, is a guest at the California. •". < .:;.-; :..<
P. Charlebois. Sheriff 'of -Ventura Coun
ty, is aguest at the Occidental, f .. ,-
-PERSONAL MENTION.
•MEMORIAL PLANS -^ \
OF GARF.IELD r POST
Ceremonies to Be Held at Grand Army
Plat in, Odd Fellows'
Csmctery.
The veterans of James A. Garfleld Post,
Grand Army of the Republic, have de
cided to hold services this year at the
Grand Army plat in Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery on the morning of Memorial Day,
and they will .not therefore form any part
of the parade or ceremonies at the Na
tional Cemetery, Presidio.
They have also determined to accept no
part of the $503 appropriation made by the
city, preferring to have the post treasury
pay all expenses. This action . has been
taken by Garlield Post for. the reason that
its members feel that memorial services
should be held under the auspices and
control of the living comrades, whose
loyal hearts are in harmony with the ob
jects of the day. - • - % „
It is also the intention of Garfleld Post
i to hold evening services in a commodious
! hall, to which the public generally will be
cordially invited. A proper programme
: for this purpose Is now being prepared,
which will consist of vocal and instru
mental music rendered by the best obtain
able talent, appropriate recitations and an
oration by one of our most eloquent pub
lic speakers. ¦ • ' . '
The efforts being put forth by Garfield
Post to make these observances perfectly
in keeping with the day will not only add
luster to its prominence as. a. -patriotic
body but will- afford thousands of our
citizens who visit Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery every Memorial day an interesting
and Instructive object lesson of the love
living comrades of the war show for their
soldier dead. /
The post committee consists of General
Edward Salomon and Sol Cahen, past de
partment commanders; A. E. Cohr. com
mander; Adjutant Frank Elliott Myers,
Chaplain J. H. Hilton and Comrades An
. drew Sorenson, Peter Kogle, George _W.
Ireland, Sig L. Simon," James H: Stewart
and L. F. Smith. The committee meets
this morning at the post- room.
PETITION FOR AID TO
IMPROVE MISSION BOAD
Property-Owners Ask Board of Super
visors to Make Appropria
tion.
The property owners on the. southern
section of the Mission road have forward
ed to the Board of Supervisors a petition
for the improving of that thoroughfare
from Silver to Onondago avenue. For this
contemplated work they ask the Super
visors for an appropriation of $16,000. The
wording of the petition makes the propo
sition clear. It is as follows: "
The Mission road Is the main outlet from
the city, the only practicable route to the
jcemeterles and the natural and most fre
quented route for all traffic southward from
the city. Its condition during the winter
months is deplorable, caused by the excessive
and heavy traffic thereon. ' Tho I property
owners have already expended on the road
about $8 per front foot for grading, macadam
izing, sewering and widening, and : are . still
ready to contribute toward Its maintenance ;
but in view of the character and volume of
the travel it is impracticable to keep portions
of. the. road in good repair with macadam and
the property-owners consider It unfair to com ;
pel them, at their cost, to put down a perma
nent pavement to accommodate the through
travel -to and from the city.
The cost of a permanent pavemertt between
Silver and Onondago avenues will be . about
132,000. This outlay would place the worst por
| tlon of the road permanently in good, condition.
The property-owners propose to raise' by . sub
scription about J63CO, and feel assured that they
can raise from patrons of the road about. $3500,
and think that the city should appropriate
$16,000, considering the importance of the road
I and the public character. of the travel thereon.
The results of yesterday's proceedings
left the general aspect of the strike situ
ation unchanged. Meetings cf both em
ployers and employes were held and each
; seemed confident of victory. The possi
1 bility of a general strike is now exceed
ingly remote and the labor leaders are
positive that they can accomplish their
ends by other methods.
The Cooks' and Waiters" Alliance held
a very enthusiastic meeting at 300 O'Far
rell street last night and was' addressed
by delegates from sister unions. All
promised the heartiest support, both fin
(incially and otherwise: Representatives
from the Butchers' Union stated that
they would give all possible assistance
I and even walk out if it should be deemed
expedeint. Several smaller restaurants
have requested union cards and union em
ployes from the alliance, although none
of the larger establishments have as yet
acceded to the demands of the strikers.
About 800 cooks met at the Turk-street
j Temple' last night and considered meas-
ures for settling the strike. The union
voted unanimously to abide by whatever
decision the executive committee might
make. About $400 was collected in aid of
those now out. The plan which was ap
proved was that adopted by the leaders
of the Labor Council. This plan is to
avert a general strike unless new develop
ments appear. The method of campaign
is to call out a number of men from those
branches of trade which supply restau
rants and thus cripple the service of all.
Means will be adopted, however, that the
union -places shall not suffer. It: is con
sidered that this worrying process will
better advance the cause of labor than
a general strike, which has been contem
plated and urged by many previous to
yesterday. ; •
The Bakers' Union makes the statement
that the employes of six large bakeries
will be called out to-day. This will in
volve nearly 100 men. The complaint is
that the bakeries on which the strike is
made have been supplying non-union
houses, contrary to agreement.
The attitude of the Labor Council is
set forth in the following communication
to the. public: < "'
Nothing of special importance has developed
within the last twenty-four hours. The en
deavors of the Labor Council continue as be
fore along the lines of peaceful adjustment.
The favorable signs, ¦ however, now apparent
might shortly result In the speedy adjustment
of <the cooks' and waiters' dispute— unless the
sinister influences at work for some time past
step in and prostrate the work being done.
Stronger and stronger Is the expression of
support to the Labor Council in its conserva
tive course and that Iead3 the men' in charge
to believe that the next twenty-four hours
will materially contribute toward the final re
sult. That result seems favorable to peace.
Let every one wlih a desire for fairness act.
The Labor Council still stands ready as be
fore to confer with the other side; it still
stands ready to Insist on "hands oft." But
every move of the other side will meet with
a counter move* and then the fates only can
tell where it -will end. The executive com
mittee of the Labor Council has matters In
charge. To-morrow morning at ,10:30 o'clock
the adjourned meeting of the Labor Council
will be held at 117 Turk street. More definite
action will then no doubt be taken.
W. H. GOFF, President.
ED ROSENBERG, Secretary.
RED MEN HONOR THE
MEMORY OF TAMMANY
Large Crowd of People Entertained
. by Music and Ora
tory.
The musical and literary entertainment
and dance given by the tribes and councils
of the Improved Order of; Red Men in
celebration of St. Tammany ' day in Na
tive Sons' . Hall last night attracted to
that place" an audience that filled the hall
to ita limit". Tha programme included the
following, numbers:
Address, . Great Sachem F. D. Brandon: bary
tone solo, "William Brown; "The Red Man,"
Kmilio Lastreto, specially written for the occa
sion by Professor Carl Sawvell; vocal solo, E.
A. Greenblatt; ventriloquism. Professor ,Wil
liam A. Butterfleld; barytone solo, Horace Tor
mey; tenor solo, Richard H. Hunt; specialties.
Professor -B.', I. Barnett; basso cantante, ' Will
U Smith.
There- were ten numbers on the dance
programme and its was midnight before
the council fire was quenched.
The reception and floor committees were
composed of -F. -Petersen, K.-H. Culver,
H. C. Wehr, Miss K. Cunningham, C.S.
Graham, . M. ; Bloom. Mrs. iM. Seaberg,
Miss C. Li. Johnson, F. D.Ritchie, L. Gran
wall, O. Cutler, A. Jones, C. A. Kalghin',
Mrs. S. Gutsadt." J. G. Smith, H. H. Cole,
E. L-. Beal and Miss M. Baun. . . ,
was- enwrapped In the manuscript of the
sensational melodrama, and, better still,
he had the center of the stage and the
limelight was full upon him.
¦If the play comes up to the rehearsal
it will score a hit. Terry McGovern is the
bright particular star, and he shines with
EIGHT HUNDRED COOKS HOLD SESSION
TO CONSIDER THE STRIKE SITUATION
The play is replete with sensations and
the dialogue is full of clever sayings. Two
villains, a tough girl, three Chinamen, a
Hebrew merchant, an : Irish • policeman, a
Dutch woman and other characters make
it a production that is certain of success.
a brilliance that surpasses the Iridescent
glimmer shed by his diamonds. Terry is
feather-weight champion of the world, but,
like Corbett, Jeffries and that honest old
blacksmith red-haired Bob Fitzsimmons,
he has hopes of making- a name in the
histrionic world. . .
Marvelous Ducking of Bouquets.
No Whisky for Terry.
Terry is modest on the stage. He knows
•when to sidestep from the center when a
brother actor has the stage, and he does
not blink or fret when opera-glasses are
leveled at him. He gesticulates with as
much grace as he displays in the ring.
Even in rehearsal he warms up and leads
¦with either hand. His ducking of the
bouquets shied at him, in the course of
the play is marvelous. . :
But Joe Humphreys is. the "goods," as
he would put it.. Owing. to the poor man
uscript it was necessary for some one to
teach the actors the business. Sam Harr
ris delegated this important task to the
announcer, and Humphreys accepted it
with pleasure.
The first, rehearsal he attended won
him fame in the eyes of the entire com
pany. Humphreys, after "sizing up" the
aggregation, made his little bow and ex
patiated at length on the fine points of the
drama. Growing eloquent, he said: "Say,
when Terry rescues der goil in. der fort
act der guys out in front go nutty. Dat
ladder scene is der limit. Yer see, Terry's
goll is in a hop joint, and he rubbers
around and pets wise dat the villyun is
coin' to moider her. Den. he climbs up,
and der blokes pipe him and try to give
him der double-cross by trowing down the
ladder, but dey is foiled."
On being introduced to Miss Fay Court
ney, the prepossessing- young lady who
has an important part in the play, Hum-
to the front with several gushers of the first
order, and Southeastern Ohio made a. gain of
50 per cent over her record of new - produc
tion In March. This section, out of a total
of 130 wells completed. Is credited with forty
nine dry holes. Over 37 per cent of the wella
completed In Southeastern Ohio during April
proved unproductive. : .
Other Combinations.
The Hollister Bee reports that the fol
lowing, companies were represented at a
recent meeting for the purpose of con
solidating interests In the Panoche. Silver
Creek and Vallecltos districts: Fresno,
Isis, Morning Star, Franklin, Corbett,
Olally, Oro Fino, Los Angeles and Meracle
& Corbett.- A committee of eleven was
appointed to '¦consider the project of con
solidating the companies. The following
named companies in the Kern River dis
trict have combined to construct a pipe
line to convey their oil to the railroad:
Chicago Crude, Toltoc. Senator. Sterling,
Sovereign, Globe anu Euclid.
Oil lands in the southwestern extension
of the Los Angeles field have just been
sold at the rate of $S00 per acre.
.phreys excitedly said: "Hully gee! dis is
a funny - colnsky. Why, der dame wot
1 played dis part in New York was named
Courtney." During one oC the acts Mr.
Humphreys wanted two of the actorS T to
pose and make a pretty stage picture. He
yelled to them:- "You two guys frame
yerself." His advice to the man who im
personates Charley White, the - famous
referee, was as follows: "You , does der
refereeing. You gets in and makes a
sneak under der ropes and goes, into der
ring and sizes up the two culls, and den
yer have a adlib talk before the audgence.
( Den yer gives der timekeeper der hand
and he sounds der gong." Miss Courtney
asked one of her fellow actors to repeat
a line so she could get her cue to -come
on. Humphreys told her "to cut dat out
: - and to "take her tip when der guy was
trew chinnin'." , - , ¦ • 7;*."^
Terry's strongest line is sprung on the
audience in the third act. He enters the
highbinders' headquarters and finds a bot
tle of drugged whisky on the table. ¦¦¦ The
gallery gods hold their breath -for fear
that he will be knocked out, and when he
picks the bottle up. smells it and says.
"Whisky, hey? Dafs der stuff dat skilled
many a good one," every one breathes
more freely and there is boisterous ap
. plause. "
OIL PRODUCERS
READY TO MEET
Petroleum Association's
Annual Meeting Is
Called.
Various Localities Giving Evi
dence of Faith. in tne .
Future.
The directors of the California Petro
leum Miners' Association have decided to
call the annual meeting -of the,associa
tion for June; 1L : There are sixty com
panies belonging^ to the association and
there are individual members also. Anew
board of director 'will be elected; at the
annual meeting, and there are several in
teresting matters to come . up for. consid
eration. ¦ The association has been -in ex
istence a vear.
The Pacitic Oil Reporter figures that the
ten more tank's that the Standard Oil
Company is reported to have ordered for
use in the Kern .River district will, with
what tankage it has already there, give
it a capacity for storing 555,000 barrels of
oil " in tnat district. Tnere are now five
37,00u-barrel tanks erected in the field be
longing to the Standard Oil Company and
the muteriaJ for others is on the ground.
W. S. Miller, the Pacific Coast manager
of the Standard, says he does not, believe
the oresent price for oil will continue
much. longer and that it is too low. ; This
statement will not in ail probability pre
vent, the oil producers from going on with
their organization on the principle that
the first duty of a man in ousiness is to
help himself and not depend upon some
•one else to do his work for him. .x
Mr. Miller has something of interest to
say concerning the iiast, where there is
no fuel oil, all tha product belns needed
for illuminating purposes. If Texas, he
says, can produce a great amount of fuel
oil there is no doubt that it will come into
immediate competition with coal In the
great manufacturing States along the
Atlantic coast, but it will never come into
competition with California oil as fuel.
The Texas oil will probably be sent to
tide v/ater through a pipe line and then
be transported in tank steamers •' to dif
ferent cities in the East. ¦ It would cost
$2 per barrel to transport oil from. Texas
to California. The California product is
superior to that of Texas for 'fuel.
I. Facts of the Field.
A co-operative oil company is being
formed at Grayson, Stanislaus County.
The capital stock is $24,000, divided into 3U0
shares at a par value of $JJO per share. No
one is to be permitted, to subscribe for
more than live shares. The shares are to
be paid for at the rate of $10 per share per
month,' and the first payment is due on,
May 10 next to J. R. McOonald of Gray
son, who will be the agent until the cor
poration ia formed. The total amount is
to be paid in monthly Installments before
any work is to be done. With the work
ing . capital th© lncorporators are to pur
chase land that is favorable for the pro
duction of oil in paying Quantities, if
after 200 shares have been sold ¦' it is
deemed not advisable .to sell the re
mainder of the shares the 100 shares are
to bo placed in the treasury for the bene
fit of the stockholders.- The agreement is
not to be binding unless 200 shares axe
subscribed.
V Subsequent to the discovery of seepages
near Cooperstown, so says ., the Modesto
Herald, a promoter giving the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank as reference arranged to
bond tracts !of land along the seeming: oil
belt. Later analyses of the . "seepage"
ended the negotiations, however, the au
thorities pronouncing it not oil.
O. Lowe of -.Woodland has offered to
deed eighty acres of land to an oil com
pany that will sink a well on his land, the
deed being- contingent upon the discovery
of oil in paying quantities, and he will al
so subscribe $100. The purpose is to have
a -Well drllled.at Woodland.
According to the New Era work is pro
ceeding with day and night shifts on. a
well at Corning. There is a gas flow from
the well.
More Natural Gas.
At Carriso Creek.
The Fresno Democrat reports the dis
covery of a floTV of natural gas on Mrs.
McMullin's ranch, whicn is situated west
of Lane's Bridge. The Democrat says that
a well was drilled to a depth of 162 feet
for water and when the water was struck
gas came up to the surface. The gas has
been lighted and burned brilliantly.
When the incorporation papers of the
Los Angeles Oil Producers' Association
were filed with the County Clerk $3310 had
been subscribed of the capital stock. The
association is capitalized at $20,000, the
stock being divided into 2000 shares of the
par value of $10 each: The Los Angeles
producers are giving out that they do not
fear the Kern River field producers, the
reason given being that Kern River can
not sell much oil in Los Angeles. The
handling of the association's oil will be
based on an agreement. of the producers
to deliver the oil as soon as it Is brought
to the surface and that the manager of
the association will market if as instruct
ed by the directors, who have ample
power. The contract will probably run
for three years. Once before Los Angeles
has faced a price of 45 cents for oil. Then
the wells were shut down and the price
went up in three daj-s to $1 per barrel
A. L. Wollberg, who is a director in an
oil company that has located a large tract
of land in the Carriso Creek district in
San Diego County, says:«^The next thir
ty days I- feel assured will" demonstrate
that this is the richest district in the
State. We have received many applica
tions for land, but they have invariably
been turned down. If the value of the
Kern River land amounts to from $1000
to $5000 an acre, a person owning an acre
in thfe new district will be independently
rich. Our company, which is composed
of prominent business men of this citv,
has secured 27,000 acres of patented land
for oil. Tho company expects to com
mence operation in. the near future. It is
composed of the following named busi
ness men: M. M. Ogden. J. V. Coleman,
R. R, Grayson, E. H. Michels, J. J. Ler
rr.an. H. M. Gorman, Charles, Sonntag, J.
W. Raphael, Charles' M. Martin; Nat T.
Messer, Herman Zadig, A. L. Wollberr.
Samuel Wheeland, Alfred Fuhrman, F. L.
Owen, J. A. Ferson. J. Strassburger, R
J. Curr, John W. Gray, W. A. Jacobs and
Charles, W.' Mueller. . M. M. Ogden, who
has been investigating the land, claims
that . he'. never has ' seen indications so
numerous and so promising."
In Humboldt County.
- David E. Gordon writes that work la
proceeding in Humboldt County on the
wells that were drilled last year in the
Mattole Valley, and that preparations are
making for wells in the Upper Mattolle.
Prom Mattole Valley > to Briceland the
same geological, formation "is observable,
with indications of oil and gas. '.At Brice
land the well; water is. unfit for use on
account of the taste of oil, while the odor
in the sandstone is noticeable in many
Instances. . The flow of gas in the Brice
land well is stronger than when the well
was sunk nine years ago.: Operations will
soon be resumed at Briceland, .where sev
eral thousand acres have been leased by
a company. . .• . . - . ; ¦
. There. is; an oil company at Fairhaven,
Wash., that starts out with the ambitious
announcement that it will ' be prepared to
drill* its first well . to ¦ the depth of y2500 or
3000 feet, if necessary. It will start work
soon, having/ the machinery ready for the
experiment. \ 7 - . .'
. Bakersfield estimates that from 150 to
200 barrels, of oil will; be needed to;sprin
kle one mile of Its -streets. The price for
oiling, will be $1' per barrel, and ten mile3
will, be oiled under the" supervision of the
Superintendent of : Streets. ; ¦ " ':
The Oil City Derrick estimates the num
ber ; of wells completed in the oil districts
of the Eastern States in the month of
April, 1901, at 970, and the wells drilling at
944. .Of the. wellg completed in the East
ern fields in --the': month In ¦ question ' 32.47
per i cent were wells. The Der.rick
also says of progress, in the East:. ¦
; ! March : presented '-trie' lowest- flffures- in': field
operations, recorded -in many months and: April
has furnished* the reaction. [ There has . been ' a
general revival of activity In the. Pennsylvania
and :¦ Trenton r rock . oil « fields and ] all r sections
show a heavy ; Increase • in . wells completed and
new "¦ production.'- ''April ; completed more ; wella
than any month so far j the. present , year, but
the new production falls : short ' of the ; January
ngures.^The new work under, way was greater
than that of any month since last November.
. -iVhlle the - efforts of : the ? wildcatters toward
the ' discovery ' of new points proved: uniformly
disastrous. - as demonstrated .by; the; heavy 'list
of i dry holes, the . territory : that ;was ¦ generally
regarded t, as . certain -¦ proved ; ! the .' mainstay ¦; of
the new production. iThe lower, Southwest came
V ¦ ' v ' •¦" . ¦ - - t ' \
ANNOUNCER HUMPHREYS COACHES
THE PLAYERS AT THE CENTRAL
Rehearses Them in "The Bowery I After Dark," in Which Terry
McGovern, Champion Feather- Weight, Will Be the Star.,
Miss Atwood meekly obeyed his request
and the rehearsal continued. Never had
Mason Mitchell, the well-known actor and
stage manager of the Central, seen one to
equal it. Mr. Mitchell is a gentleman of
the old school, and laughs inwardly. Not
so the younger members of the stock
company. Their laughter at times was
unrestrained, but Humphreys, who caused
it all by his suggestions, delivered in
choice Bowery slang, seemed unmindful
of the furor he was creating. His soul
"Aw," he says, "ain't yer wise? Trow
yer chest out and strut around just like
yer owned the Palace Hotel. Dis is der
scene wot makes the gallery whistle the
loudest."
Miss Atwood raised her eyes and stared
at Humphreys, her look expressive of In
comprehension.
structed Miss Lorena Atwood of
the Central Theater company regarding
"The Bowery After Dark," which is to be
presented at that playhouse next week.
NOW, dis is where yer get chesty,"
said Joseph Humphreys, the sll
- ver-tongued announcer of prlze
. fighters, yesterday as he in-
CRASHES ASHORE
AT FULL SPEED
Passengers Stay Aboard "While
Captain Rows to Nai
naimo for Help.
Steamer Princess Louise
Strikes on Thorn
manby Island.
XANAIMO, B. C. May 11.— Captain
John Irving, with four of the crew of the
steamer Princess Louise, have arrived
here after a 20-mile row across the gulf
from Thornmanby. Island, just south of
Texada, where the Louise went on a rr.et
at 11:30 last night and now lies fast. The
captain and four men were nearly dead
from exposure and cold.
The Louise left Vancouver at 6:30 last
night for Northern British Columbian
ports with twenty-five passengers and a
large quantity of freight. The lookout
forward, as the steamer was passing
Thornmanby Is'.and, sang: out, "Breakers
ahead!" The engines were reversed, but
the steamer Etruck at almost full speed,'
emashing her forefoot and sticking last.
Captain Sears ordered freight thrown
overboard to lighten and a pood many
tons were dumped into the sea without
effect. The sea is calm now with a light
wind from the southeast. If the wind
rises the steamer will so to pieces. The
captain, crew and passengers are now on
the steamer waiting for help. The wind
blew the steamer out of her course.
WICHITA. Kans., May U.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation arrived here to-night after an ex
citing day at Harper. There was a circus
in town and she organized a raid on sa
locns, but was arrested before she could
do any smashing:. She was released on
promising that she would take the next
train out of town, which she did.
Police Gather In the Smasher.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 12, 1901
PROMINENT FIGURES IN THE RE
HEARSAL OF THE "BOWERY AFT
ER DARK," A LURID MELODRAMA.
Moderately Priced Apartments.
' ; Permanent ', and : transient . guests ..will /find
Hotel .' Neoveau,*. 312 " Stockton i Bt.,' .conveniently
located and, flist-class in every detail. v>
20
SPECIALIST
Heart and Kidney Diseases
i. Owing to 'the" great prevalence of . KID-
NEY diseases" and the late discovery that
URIC , ACID, a blood ' poison. Is the cause
of many diseases, ; DR. NAST ; has estab-
lished .- a ' CHEMICAL and MICROSCOP- ,
ICAL LABORATORY." fitted -. up with the
same instruments . and - appliances used in
the : great . laboratories" of . Europe lor the
ANALYSIS", OF BLOOD AND URINE.
. This is : the , enly positive .* and f scientific
•method 'of knowing whether, a- KIDNEY
disease I is , present. , URIC : ACID POISON
-produces in some mental or nervous symp-
toms, such as a confused and dazed mind,
attacks of ? the ¦ bluss, splitting headaches. .
loss of self-reliance, the memory gets poor
or :¦ the ¦. temper :.-: bad, v fretful, irritable*
while in others, the .URIC ACID is pre-
cipitated in ' the : joints and muscles, • pro-
ducing .'RHEUMATISM 'or GOUT. It fre-
quently causes neuralgias bladder troubles,
sexual disturbances, dyspepsia,' palpitation,
asthma, and some forms of HEART dis-
ease. There is no question that much un-
necessary SURGERY might be avoided If
it iWere known . that ; many disorders "of
menstruation, . ¦ ovaritis, ¦ pelvic neuralgias
- and • kindred diseases of women owe . their
• origin to excess of URIC ACID in the
blood ¦ N.
j Don't delay. Know thy self before tak-
ing medicine. Consultation free at office
* or. by mall. [
DR. NAST,
1504 Market St.. corner ; CUy Hall . Square, "
v. -,'¦; San : Francisco.
I sell OIL STOCKS on a mar-
gin, consequently a SMALL
INVESTMENT can bring you
BIG MONEY.
JAS. E.T. MERSBON,
Member S. F. Oil Exchange.
537, 538, 539, 55O PARROTT BDG..S.F.
r ¦ ¦¦•
W. W. MONTAGUE '¦& CO.,
MANpFACTTTRE
IRON PIPS
FOR OH* WELLS. FOR IRRIGATION. FOB
- POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS
FOR OIL. FOR WATKR. FOR CTAXIDB
PLANTS.
SAN FRANCISCO.
DIRECTORY of REPUTABLE
OQ^LFJ^IsriES.
California Fortune Oil Co*
SO acres Sunset, 80 acres McKlttrlck. *» acre*
In Coallnga. Now drilling In Sunset. LlmitsJ
amount et stock at 60c Information and pro»-
pectua furnished on application to B. I>E>-
1CKE. Secretary, room 614 Parrott bldg. 3- f.
NAPA AND BERRTESSA VALLEY O1U
COMPANY— Controls 1C0O acres of U. S. patent-
ed land in Napa County where tna finest lubri-
cating ©It in California la found; stockat »
cents; prospectus furnished. 670 and 571 Parro.t
building.- San Francisco. .<
SALINAS OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
laSO ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTY.
Well down 30O Xeet; small amount bt treasury
stock at ioc per share. ' (Prospectus and map
and Information on application. J. B. OLS£->.
Secretary. S74 Parrott building. 9an Franclaco^
SAN JOSE 0!L EXCHANGE JK&f^i
lands bought and sold; legitimate business from
responsible companies solicited. E. C. ROD-
"WICK. Manager: telephone Main 147; 28 N.
First st.. San Jose. , Cal.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands In heart of • McKlttrick District, ad-
joining large producing wells. Small block o£
stock for sale. Prospectus and information fur-
nished at room 60S Safe Deposit Bulldls*. 32S
Montgomery st. : .
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
.-¦ .. . -:•-; ¦¦:¦¦ r ' ' ; .
Some Notable Values
" For Gala Week
. Each season we strive to have our stocks surpass
the previous one in values, and at no time has this
been more successfully done than in the present.
We offer such unusual values this week that it
will repay the investigation of all who wish to
anticipate their summer wants.
Silk Waists— $6.00
First we offer a special lot of Ladies' Silk Waists, with front,
back and sleeves handsomely corded and hemstitched, richly
made for the latest - erect form, with bishop sleeves; good
quality of silk, in cream^ black and colors, at $6.00) each.
Lawn Waists — — $L50
An exceptionally good value we now mention, are Ladies'
Fine White Lawn Waists, that come with hemstitchings and
tuckings; j prettily made in the latest up-to-date style, our
special value price $1.5O each. irV%
Chiffon Robes— $22.50
An immense value in ladies', Imported evening dresses, in
the very latest French ideas, beautifully embroidered on fine
white chiffon in sprays, scrolls, wreaths and other designs;
suitable" for graduating exercises or , evening wear; come
embroidered in colors: White, Pink, Blue, Lavender and Maize,
also Black and White. ' ' .
Regular price $30, and $35.
On sale at $2250 a suit
Novelty Ribbons— 35c
We, next offer a large line of all Silk Fancy Ribbons in
Stripes, Dresden, Figured and Fancy corded effects; comes in
all the the most fashionable colors,. from 3^ to 5 inches wide,
that are. worth 45c to 85c, earliest comers have first choice at
;35c a yard.
Suede Gloves—^SLOO
Another lot of our famous dollar glove will be ready v Monday;
These gloves are made of best quality suede kid, have
three clasps and come in all the staple and fancy shades suit-
able foi -Ttreet and evening wear; should be of special interest
to anyone desiring a $1.50 quality for $1.00 a pair.
Art Souvenirs
rill *Jvl*TViiiiiJ
One=qnarter Off 'Regular Prices
Commencing Monday and during Presidential
week 25% discountwill be allowed on
Genuine Bronze Ornaments, comprising Card Trays, Smoker's
S ets, Candle . Sticks, ' Candelabfas, Clocks, Writing Sets,
Seals, Cabinet Curios, etc.
Imported tilass Ornaments, in Bohemian, Lonhuda, Tiffany and
Opal Crystal Ware, in plain and silver decorated. Also Fancy
Leather Novelties, Gun Metal Novelties, Metal Purses and
Metal Chatelaines. - ;??!.:
Patrons and' visiting strangers are invited to inspect these
goods, as it is .an exceptional opportunity to secure high grade
novelties at 25% off the regular marked prices. — See show
window display. ; : -
4 125 to 131 Kearny Street k
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
. S ale
¦_' A special sale that means
much to close buyers.
All week — until May 1 1 th.
Duffy's Malt 75c
The hiphly idvtrtifed whisker — tre «1-
irsr* reC it for 51 — this week yon tave a
quarter.
Martin's Rye 75c
Mirtin"* Baltimore Rye Whiskey is one
cf the oldest ant! best whiskies in the
American market— selling regularly for
fi — cut price for this week only.
NN Shampoo 2 for 5 c
Regular 5c packages — this week just half
the regular price.
Beeman'sGum2for 5c
Bccnan'j Pepsin Chewing Gum, Belling
the world o'-er for 5c a package — we hue
cut the price right in half for this week.
Munyon's Soap ioc
Prof. Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap, ad-
vertised to' cure all manner of skin dis.
esses, besides being a pure toilet soip —
onr regular price 15c — special price for
v ' this week ioc. I
Packer's Tar Soap j
and Laurence's Tar |
Soap-— one cake of I
each for 25c
You zll know whit Packer's Tar Soap
U and Laurence's it just like it — both of
' • them 6e!iing for 25c each regularly — this
week you save 15c
Mennen's Powder j
2 for 25c ,
Merinen's Borated Talcum Powder selling
everywhere for 25c jegalirly — our usual
fries is 1 ;< — this week it is lower than
ever — two for 25c.
Lesley's Perfumes
Lesley's Per * > ?— all odors.
One-half car. C* jttles, regularly 15c, cut to .loe
: One ounce bo...os, regularly 40c, cut to ,}oc
Two ounce bottles, regularly 75c, cut to ,50c
Swan Down Face
Powder 4 for 25c
Regular price is Toe each — this week you
save almost one half.
Anita Cream 30c
Coaxes a new skin — regular price 50c —
usual price 40c.
Bailey's Cream 15c
. Ksiley's Lanoline and Cnccmber Cream—
a medicinal preparation to improve the
complexion— not an artificial beautjfier
'; trut Nature's skia restorer — regi^ar
~ price Jjc • . •
Sozodont " 1 5 c
RejruUr price of this well-known tooth,
wath 15c — our usual price ioc — this weeic
lower than ever — ijc.
>Sv tfiltifiu^'WUas* tiff
\ World -.Famous Mariam lon.G
Restores the Vital Forces. Per-
fectly safe arid, reliable., \t gives'
• strength and vigor to body, tfrain
and nen'es.
4H DrutJilsts. Refuse Substitute*.
''Captain Peterseii of the German steamer Eva
reports that .while on" a .voyage from • Honolulu
to Yokohama he passed' breakers] in 'lat., N 21
degrees 55 j minutes,' long. VW. 176 degrees ' 5."min
utes." The captain states that he. had .very good
observations for positlon.and that the' weather
was fine wben he passed one mile south of. the
breakers. •:.¦.:¦-¦:; >'-','¦¦" • : -- V
Note — The ' locality ; given ; above .- is ' 30 miles
southwest of : the t Kruseustern > Rock, ; the -• posi
tion of which is marked doubtful on the charts.
¦ j ' "..¦•. "..•/¦;¦:• ¦•:¦' ¦...¦¦•-,• ¦ C. G." CALKINS,:'.;
.. Lieutenant Commander U.' S. ; N., = in Charge."
Notice to Mariners.
: San ; Francisco ' Lodge ' Is t busy - through
its committee arranging for* the grand en
tertainment ; to be given on* the 28th inst.
in '¦ the Alhambra. ; The first ¦ part 'will be
a minstrel show. and the second "a'vaude
ville show, the talent to be furnished by
the . theatrical people. -' The ' theatrical la
dies who will aid the affair will sell flow
ers and a" number of prominent . members
of the lodge will sell candy, lemonade and
popcorn. Tom I Dunne,: the | exalted ruler,
will call out "Popcorn all hot!" and Frank
Sime and Jack Reis will peddle out cham
pagne shadow punch. ," Elks Cronan, Cur
ley, Colescha, Halstead t and Kohn , have
been, appointed a. ; committee -.to select 'a
place ¦ suitable for an - VElks' ' rest." -' The
pedestrian annex, under the leadership of
Elk Bolger,' took its , first ¦ pedestrian tour
through Golden < Gate v Park this . year on
last Sunday.:" The graceful walking of the
members attracted a/ great deal of atten
tion." . Secretary Kohn ¦ acted as - commis
sary. '¦[: The "Once a Month' Club'* of , this
lodge, ~ composed of a select- number = and
having t Jim Dunne for •. president,' , at its
meeting: last; week decided to have a petit
souper exclusively \ for the members. At
the last held meeting of the lodge it was
decided. to tender the peanut stand to Col
onel ; Beck ¦¦ on : the occasion fof „ the r Elks'
session In the Alhambra:. «He -will prob
ably accept if Colonel 'Burgln. will assist. "'¦
The Elks.
Thomas Waldron, a driller at the Union
Iron Works, is lying seriously injured at
the Receiving Hospital. Waldron says
himself and two companions were set
upon at 2 a. m. by nine men on Geary
street, near Kearny. During the fight he
was thrown into the excavation on the
site of the Mutual Savings Bank build
ing. One, arm was broken and his skull
is probably fractured. He was taken to
the hospital by Policeman Wedeklnd.
Badly Injured During Fight.
Last Thursday night Pacific Parlor gave
its annual ' dinner at the California Hotel
and had for special guests a number of
the grand officers. There was a large
gathering of the members and a very
pleasant evening was spent. Holland
Roche, chairman of the good of the order
committee, .Introduced President John, F.
Cannon, who In a very clever manner ful
filled the duties of toastmaster. Those
who responded to sentiments were Frank
L. Coombs, L. F. Byington, D. A; Ryan,
C. ; E. , McLaughlin, J. L. -Gallagher.
Charles Boxton, Henry Lunstedt, Henry
S, Martin, S. V. Costello, E. J.' Lynch, S.
A. D. Jones, John Greaney, Judge George
H. Cabanlss, Leonard Stone, T. P. Mar
tin, Ted Lunstedt,. D. L. Fitzgerald, C. J.
Hegerty. and George G. .Fraser. The re
marks of • each ¦ speaker .were interesting
and instructive. •¦ . j - '•• .
Upon the suggestion of James. B. Sto
vall, the good of the order committee of
California Parlor has inaugurated, a se
ries of discussions, debates and other en
tertaining features to be presented every
Thursday | evening. At the close refresh
ments will be served. The first of these
was i on last Thursday " evening,- when
Messrs. Shea, Wolf, Dockery, Adams, Dr.
Conrad and A. Mayer discussed "the great
men of California." James P. Dockery
explained at some length why | he consid
ered the late Stephen M. White, the late
Dr. J. F. Morse, Grand President Frank
L. Coombs. C. ' H. Garoutte and . General
James F. Smith among the great men* of
the State. During the evening James P.
Dockery, Myron Wolf and" J. F. • Dona
hue were appointed a committee of three
to | meet a like committee from . each of
the local parlors to arrange for the cele
bration of the 9th of September.
Native Sous.
An election was held last night in the
headquarters of the Second Brigade, Cali
fornia Hotel, for major of the Fifth In
fantry to fill the position created by the
reorganization'of that regiment into three
battalions. The election resulted In the
choice of Captain D. A. Smith, who, since
1SS1. has been regimental adjutant of the
Fifth. The new major entered the ser
vice of the State in Company I> of the
First Infantry in August. 1872, and re
mained wi£h that company until March,
1S77. In May, 1SS7. he was sergeant major
of the Fifth Infantry and. in April of the
following year was appointed paymaster
of the regiment with the rank of lieuten
ant. In June. 1831. he was promoted regi
mental adjutant with the rank of captain,
lie has held that position continuously
since with the exception of the time that
he served in the Eighth California Volun
i«H>rs during the Spanish- American war.
After the war he returned to his former
position. Upon the reorganization of the
Fifth he was commissioned captain.
D. A. Smith Elected a Major.
"It is a rare thing. to have one come up
here without an escort. : In other cities of
the Western country ' they frequently, go
to gambling houses unattended, and some
times '¦ they : play in the . public ropms.
Women v here, 1 as ; elsewhere, prefer rou
lette ; to faro or any other game. For. one
thing," it is simpler. •; \ : - '--',' ¦ h
' VThere are ; so • many i combinations^ at
faro,' and it is so hard for a novice to keen
cases ¦¦- on ¦ the * cards a« they j come ' out . of
the box that they, won't take time to learn
it. s^ In t roulette, -on /the- other "'hand;; all
there is to it is betting money or.checka
on numbers, - on : ; the- columns, '.the colors,
odd or even, the twelves and other meth
ods that . are apparent ; from a ¦ glance . at
the : layout.'.' ; ¦¦¦¦•. ' ; ' - ' ; I.
,iThe , room in .which' Salt, Lake ' women
may gamble is fitted out '¦ in . elaborately,
handsome style. - There is -a" private en
tranced so , those - who visit .; it '» need not
even ; go through the ' public room.-^-An 1
electric buzzer. Is connected -with 'a button
at the door, so that in; case the attendant
does not happen to be' in tho room when
the party. arrives notice may, Le given.' ; -
¦¦'- A 'i handsome ;.velvet : carpet -covers ; the
floor. ! At one end. Is a beautifully ¦carved;
sideboard " with many 'different: kinds.-, of
liquid; refreshments thereon. In' front of
the sideboard fist a" round, green covered
table. -'.V TWs is^-used, , as ¦ the . proprietors
said .with • al wink; l "for • tlddlediwinks.-. ca
sino,'euchre"* and high five."- Of, course It
is. also; available for -the festive game of
poker. V-C-' .:'¦•;¦•-;' --* '¦¦ ~. ->*'•-' > -.- ' -."'. r v
Next comes > the , racehorse game. .This
is . a ; simple ¦'¦- device, •¦ built ' rather ¦> on : 5 the
order * of , the ( old-fashioned .."hieronymua." ¦
That ? is; ¦¦, the. chances against the player,
are' about A the' i same.;: v Pictures- 'of •si*
horses; are! painted.'- on -a ;; cloth. Above,
them ". are .'" three . spindles. ¦; - The • dealer
¦ ."When she quit she cashed in 5600. as I
have said. .No, she didn't seem excited,
rather taking her good luck as a matter
of course. . It's true this particular player
only stood to lose 51, but I have seen them
lose hundreds ; without :. batting an eye.
The play among, the women of Salt Lake
Is not so extensive as It Is in other places,
but it Is 'becoming more popular here all
the time. • . ,> ¦ . -
.: "In an experience of more than twenty,
years I. can bear testimony - that ; women
are, as a rule, better gamblers than men.
That is, I they take * their losses more
philosophically and they don't grow hys
terically happy when they. win. Systems?
No," women don't seem to play any sys
tems. -They drop their, checks down hap
hazard and without regard to sequence.
"They . play fast, too, when , things . begin
coming ; their 'way. It hasn't been - ten
days since *a woman beat us out of $600
at the wheel.; She started with one stack
of ; five-cent chips,, playing one at a time
.'flat',— that • Is, on single - numbers. . ¦ She
won several' bets and then began what is
known as ; 'pressing.' By that I mean she
doubled and trebled: her. bets on single
numbers,* and | before - long I she was - using
25-oent checks.- -. • ' - .<¦ ¦¦ -¦ ¦. ¦ . ¦ ,: •
. ''Yes,-It is true that. women come up to
gamble privately at times," said one of
the owners of this resort. "Of : course . I
can give no names, but you would be as
tonished at' the class of patronage we
have. -Women of all sorts, from society
people out on a slumming tour down to
inmates of the houses of ill-fame, like to
take a chance at the wheel or a dash at
the faro bank. " ¦ ,
i Gambling among th© women of . Salt
Lake has reached the stage of importance
where the proprietors of- one of the best
known Commercial-street > houses have
concluded to cater specially to j this class
of patrons. (For several weeks ia room
has been nightly opened to : the gentler
sex.. There, away from the public gaze,
they woo , the fickle goddess of chance
with all the ardor and quite the gameness
of ;; the '^masculine fraternity, says 1 the
Salt Lake Herald. . ,' •
Proprietors of Resorts
Catering to Female
Players.
WHERE SALT LAKE
WOMEN GAMBLE
BULLETS FOLLOW
BITTER STRUGGLE
Striking Longshoremen
Shoot Non-Union
Worker.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 11.— As th«
culmination of a bitter struggle between
the Longshoremen's Union and the line
agents in this city that haa been on sine*
early spring three longshoremen to-night
assaulted and shot one man, Frank La
vigne, inflicting a serious wound In tha
eye. Two other men, it is said were hit
by flying bullets. i
The trouble arose over ih» refusal of
the line agents to treat with the Long
shoremen's Union over the unloading of
vessels. The work has been given to
contractors,, and the contractors hava
hired men other than the regular long
shoremen. This has aroused th© bitter
antagonism of the latter. - -
The Injured man, with several others,
was engaged In unloading the steamer
Mahoning, when three longshoremen
came upon the dock and began shooting.
Lavigne was hit In the eye. His fellow
workmen got away without injury. But
one arrest was made.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Court Harmony of Mayfield was Insti
tuted last week by High Chief Rangsr
Boehm, assisted by Permanent Secretary
Falconer and Deputy Haskell. The conrt
has a charter list of thirty-five members.
The high chief ranger visited Court Sut
ter Fort last week and assisted at the ini
tiation of several candidates.
At its last held meeting Court San Ma
teo initiated eighteen candidates and at
Its next meeting will confer the Royal
Stag degree on thirty.
The high chief ranker visited the court
In. Santa Rosa last Thursday night and
assisted at the initiation of fifteen candi
dates. - . '
The picnic association will arlve a ball
on. the night of the 25th inst. in the For
esters* building. . '
The reunion and picnic of the courts,
circles and Juvenile courts will be held ta
Schuetzen Park on the 30th Inst.
whirls the spindle: three win and three
lose. If you happen to be on the right ona
you get even money, unless two spindles
stop over the same norse. when two for
one is paid. If three, stop at the same
steed the lucky player gets three for one.
. Opposite the racehorse is probably the
handsomest. roulette wheel 1* Salt Lake.
It Is painted in the freshest and brightest
colors, and is as clean as constant rub
bing will make It. . The checks on the raek.
at the dealer's r.lght are spotless also.
The faro layout Is also attractive. , In
stead of being covered with oilcloth, as
most faro tables are, this one has hand
some billiard cloth stretched over it
where th* players rest their arm3. ; .
The outfitting of the room is said to have
cost over $3000. The lighting is perfect.
There are three electroliers, each con
taining half a dozen incandescents. Then
there are lights without number directly
over the- tables, and in radiant brightness
the making of a mistake in placing checks
is practically impossible. , . •
Still, on the whole, I had little serious
trouble In understanding what was said
to me. It needed only a little ingenuity
and a few questions to get at the English
meaning. When It came to making the
English understand me, however, it was
a very different matter. ! I found them
anything but agile in interpreting unfa
miliar phrases. It was only after repeated
failures to persuade the 'bus conductor to
"let me out" at- a specific crossing- that
I learned to say "put me down," which
worked like a charm.'. I asked a booking
clerk for. stopover privileges, and he
stared in amazement. I might "break the
journey" if I liked, but what did I mean
by "stop over?" "Return trip" only served
to elevate i everybody's eyebrows. . I soon
learned to replace it with "How much
for the? round?"- Nobody understood me
when I asked how many blocks or squares
It' was to the cathedral. But if I - said,
"Can " you direct me to the cathedral?"
out came. the concise reply, "Top of the
street, second turning to the left. You
can't miss it." In Warwickshire I tried
to send my too cumbersome trunk ahead
by express. The porter assured me this
was impossible— there was no -such in
England. "Freight?" No, he didn't know
anything about freight. It took, the pene
tration of the hotel porter to fathom my
difficulty and supply the magic 'words
"goods train." In London I attempted
to buy a pair of silver cuff buttons. "I
don't think we have the article, madam,"
said the perplexed clerk. "Sleeve but
tons?" No better. "Cuff buttons, sleeve
links?"' Still no success.. /Things to fas
ten your cuffs with!" I cried at last in
desperation. Slowly a light broke over
his countenance. "Ah!" he exclaimed,
"you mean solitaires!'' and he dldn t mean
diamonds, either.
Again,' needing a paper fan for steamer
use I Inquired at a pharmaceutical chem
ist'shop where fans were to be- found,
and was directed to a fruiterer and florist
hard by. An . unlikely place, thought I.
However, In I went and demanded a fan.'
"Certainly," " said , the obsequious shop
keeper, "but do you require one In a pot?"'
They • thought I said "fairn" to rhyme
with "bairn" and that, in their , dialect.
Is spelled f-e-r-n. Only by saying "fahn'*
should I get what I wanted. I hastily ex
plained and was < directed to the estab
lishment of H. Quick & Sqn f silk mercers,
linen drapers, haberdashers and uphol
sterers, where I found my article in the
Ironmongery, department. :
' Perplexing, ; even. vexatious, as are these
misunderstandings, they are not without
their compensation. If our conversational
differences with our cousins .'-. overseas
could all be smoothed into tame.uniform
ity, our English experiences . would -be
robbed of half their spice. The little ver
bal sparring ¦ matches by % the way are
pleasantly stimulating. For ¦ myself I
found the exercise 'most congenial: • ¦¦¦-:¦
There is a certain amount of philosophy
to be < derived from > all this. ; In the • first
place,' never - ; expect; an -Englishman to
meet you ¦ half « way; In the t struggle for
perspicuity, s- On Uhe . invader must lie the
onus * for accommodation. .' Therefore,' Bet
about acquiring the; language as promptly:
as possible,, pick \ up the accepted English
phrases, 1 the accent, and even the odd \rp-'
ward Hit of the sentence, and your prog
ress ' through the < Island will be ¦ wonder
fully smoother than that of your, wooden
headed countryman who refuses to j abate
one tittle of his Yankee vernacular. — Bos
ton Transcript. ' V v ;
phrases I noted in my diary, and unrav
eled them one by one. They y were:
"Steam • roundabout," "a fall for. travel-
Ing," "annual sermon," "cubicle" and
"chocolate sandwich." The sandwich I
ate; it was a layer cake. The cubicle I
investigated, and found.it to be a tiny
bedroom. The annual sermon, I found on
inquiry, did not mean only one sermon
a year. The fall I bought, and it proved
to be a veil. Lastly I refused to have
anything to do with a steam roundabout
when it turned- out to ! be a rampant
merry-go-round. 1
It Isn't alone the accent, nor vet the
Inflection, which makes the English of
the English puzzling to American ears.
It Is the very definite and inflexible way
of saying things. They speak by" the
code. When it rains it is "a dull day,
isn't it?" When the thermometer mounts
into- the eighties it is "close." The weather
is "thick" when the mist creeps over the
landscape, or "fine" so long as It doe3
not actually rain. So universally patron
ized are these neat and convenient, if not
always adequate, formulas that in using
any other expression one feels quite in
decently original. To a London landlady
one scorching July day I observed that
the morning was "hot." Could you have
seen the stare ¦ of well-bred amazement
with which she replied irreproachably, "It
is close," you would not wonder that I
registered a vow to try my own methods
no more. ¦ . ' - . . - v ;
But the expressions are not only un-
Americanly uniform— they are pretty uni
formly un-American. Ordinarily that ' Is
all the trouble there is about it. The
phrase is intelligible enough, but strange.
For Instance, when vou are told that the
yelling mob of public school boys who
pack the trains on the 1st of August are
going home for the "haulldays" you get
a momentary shock. We have the holidays
so closely associated with frosts and
Christmaslng that it is ham to realize
that the word may be properly applied to
the dog days. Again, when the landlady
at an Inn, In answer to your request for
rooms, plumps out her ready-made phrases
"We're full up!" there is no chance for
misunderstanding. . So with . .'.'fire assur
ance," "message boy ,«- " "keeping ring'*
(guard ring), "secret bed'' (folding bed),
etc., all. very logical, no doubt, but likely
nevertheless, when . first you meet tnem,
to give your brain a turn. ,
Now and then, however, you encounter
an expression by no means simple of com
prehension. When,, on the dizzy top of
my first London 'bus, an inoffensive look-
Ing English woman turned to me and said
stiffly, "Thank you!" I did not under
stand her. Twice she repeated with stern
emphasis, "Thank you! and half .rose
from her seat. ¦ Then I saw that she
wanted to pass me. The remark was a
request the first time, a command the
second. But how, pray, was an Ameri
can to know that? Even the simple words
"up" and "down" proved too much * for
me when I found them marking the plat
forms of a suburban station. Being bound
for the north I selected the side placarded
"Up Trains." Presently a porter came to
me and demanded abruptly,. "Where
for?" "York," said I.- A shade of melan
choly crossed his ¦ face. * .''You'll 'ave to
cross the line by the bridge, miss; this" is
the hup side." I protested I. was going
due north, and. would by no means take
a down train. "Well, you be going from
London, be'ant you, miss?" retorted the
porter, as If that settled It. And, indeed;
if did. ¦ North, south, east , or ..west, , it's
*'up" to London; and, "down" to • everyr
thing-elsa in the. island. On another oc
casion I came near being dashed to death
by a pursuing hansom; because, forsooth;
I stood still when, the driver yelled '"Hi!
hi!". To me, "HI!" meant; "Hold on,. there,
I want to speak to you, 1 ,' so I Incontinent
ly drew up.. -Five of these mystifying
Kipling says— and who is more indisput
able authority than Kipling?— that th©
American people have no language, and
also that they delude themselves into the
belief that they talk English. If any
American resents these statements let
him go spend the summer on John Bull's
snug little Island. Then let him, if he
can,' protest that there is reality in the
"mutual comfort of the mother tongue."
Let him say if he finds it any Joke to un
derstand plain English, or to make his
crude "American." understood.
American Woman Trav
eler Notes Peculiar
Expressions.
HOW THE ENGLISH
USE ENGLISH
The last held meeting, of Buena Vista
Council In the new quarters was a house
warming. There was an entertaining pro
gramme and a collation, and all had a
good time.
The next session of the Supreme Coun
cil 6f the order will be held at Asheville
N. C. next. week. A great deal of busi
ness will be transacted, much. of which
will be of direct interest to the' order on
this coast.
. Now that all the local ' councils of the
Royal Arcanum have decided to meet' In
the same 'hall In the Pioneer building
there is an increased attendance at meet
ings. The near approach of Arcanum day
has brought out a number of suggestions
in the councils as td the best manner of
celebrating it. The matter will be fully
discussed at the next meeting of Argonaut
Council by representatives from the local
councils. '
Royal Arcanum.
The Stump, a periodical edited and pub
lished by Dr. Estees In the interest of
Woodcraft, is a bright, publication. The
May issue Is full of news of Interest to
the members of the order and it promises
to add many features to make it still
more interesting. . ,
California- Camp, on. the night of the
6th, initiated six .strangers and received
eeveral applications. The camp in its in
itiatory ceremony introduces a number of
impressive and striking effects. Under
the direction. of its principal officers, Com
mander Joseph A. Wilson. Past Com
mander Estees and Escort Vincent, It Is
carrying out its motto, "We are grow
ing." After each meeting the camp has
an Interesting session.
Golden Gate Camp at its meeting on
the 6th inst. had a class of fifty candi
dates lo initiate. The work was per
formed in a very creditable manner by
the officers and the drill team. The camp
has a large number yet to be instructed
into the mysteries of "Woodcraft. On Sun
day next this camp will unveil, with ap
propriate ceremonies in Holy Cross Cem
etery, a monument erected to the memory
of the" late Timothy Lynch, who was a
neighbor of the camp.
Woodmen of the "World.
Notice has been sent out giving warn
ing that there is trouble brewing for those
secretaries who fall: to file quarterly re
ports on time.
Grand President Mahan is making offi
cial visitations. During the past week he
visited as follows: May 6, Washington
No. 4, San Francisco No. 7, Ignatlan No.
So, Cathedral No. 59, Potrero No. 74, Stroa
mayer No. 460 and Saleslan No. 565, joint
ly at headquarters; May 7, St. Matthew
No. 307; May 8, St. Mary's No. 44; May 9,
Watsonvllle No. 42; May 10, Santa Cruz
No. 12: May 11, San Luis Obispo No. 46.
During the remainder of the month he
will visit as follows: May 13, Montgom
ery No. 473 and Victor No. 543, jointly;
May 14, Bouchard No. 87; May 15, Stock
ton No. 5; May 16, Capitol No. 11 and Sac
ramento No. 27, Jointly; May 17, Yuba No.
18; May 18 or 19, Grass Valley No. 29; May
20, Manogue No. 41; May 23, Oakland No.
6, American No. 8 and California No. 24
(place of meeting to be arranged by said
councils); May 24, Golden Gate No. 34,
Pioneer* No. l. Mission No. 3, Columbia
No. 55. Phil Sheridan No. 72, Borromean
No. 129, Portola No. 470, Yorke No. 508,
jointly at headquarters.
Alameda will soon have a council of
the junior rank, one having been organ
ized by Rev. Father CConnell, chaplain
of California Council. The constitution
provides for such rank, but it has not
been deemed advisable to organize any
branches in this city, as the youth is
well provided for by the League of the
Cross Cadet organization, but It is claimed
that there is room for th© junior rank in
the interior.
The headquarters of the Young Men's
Institute In the Pioneer building, at 24
Fourth street, will be brilliantly illumi
nated with electric lights during the Pres
ident's visit.
Young Men's Institute.
ers were made full-fledged Eagles. Fif
j teen applications were presented to be
acted upon at future meetings. This
aerie, scarcely a year old, is in a most
flourishing condition. It will, in the near
future, celebrate its first anniversary at
a banquet, which the following named
committee has been empowered to pre
pare: R. H. Morse, James P. Dockery,
S. Kahn, Frank Shannon, James L Cof
froth, George Kolb, E. C. Laws, H. H.
Venker, H. Muller, C. L. Martin, R. Mc-
Glbbon, H. Monahanw W. Douglass, Al
Palmer, Dr. T. B. Leland,' J. L. Herget,
L. Green, Edward •. MuVphy, J. J. Searey,
E. A. Robert, L. Berger, S. Levy, J
Bowen, C. Schoettler Sand George Acker
son. Under pood of/ the order an. hour
was spent in an enjoyable manner. There
were speeches, recitations and songs and
refreshments were served. At a late
hour the tired Eagles soared to their re
spective home aeries.
Golden Gate Aerie of the Fraternal
Order of Eagles held an interesting meet
ing last Monday night, when ten strang-
Fraternal Eagles.
He with means for frequent and rapid
travel from San Francisco through these
counties. . ¦ '••'.-
"California, particularly that portion
surrounding San Francisco Bay, compris
ing San Francisco. San Mateo, Santa
Clara and Alameda counties, seems to be
a ereat field for investment and the ex
penditure of Eastern capital in this field
for development will be of great benefit to
the State generally and to San Francisco,
Oakland and San Jose more particularly,
and also for the country immediately sur
rounding these localities. • ;
Thinks Well of California.
"The Eastern syndicate thinks well of
this portion of California as a field for
general investment and, while their oper
ations will be confined principally to sub
urban trolley lines, they feel that money
expended in the development of manufac
turing, shipping and other California in
dustries will bring substantial and safe
returns." - .^
There can be no doubt that the projec
tion of this line to San Mateo and on to
San Jose will be of immense advantage
both to the territory traversed and- to the
city of San Francisco as well as to the
city of San Jose, The modern trend of
population is toward the suburbs
and out Into the adjoining country, rather
than toward the heart or the city. This
movement has been particularly notice
able of late down the peninsula from San
Francisco to San Jose and the projection
of the electric road into that territory
will add an immense and powerful im
petus to this movement. It Is understood
that the line will be completed to San
Mateo within a jvear and to San Jose just
as rapidly as rights of way can be ac
quired and the roadbed constructed.
The legal matters connected with the
negotiations were conducted by Attorney
General Tirey L. Ford on behalf of the
purchasers and by Morrison & Cope on
behalf of the former owners.
Fifth — I authorize my executor to sell any
and all of my real and personal property at
public or private sale, with or. without notice,
and without any order of court authorizing
same.
Lastly — I appoint my said son. James Frank
IMckey, to be my executor and -waive bonds
on qualifying or at any other stage of the
probate proceedings.
Witness my hand and seal this twenty-first
day of November. 1300.
JAMES R. DICKET.
Fourth— I request that my place of business
be kept open after my death, pending the ap
plication for letters of administration, and also
during the administration of my estate, and
my executor is hereby authorized ¦ to use from
my funds all moneys necessary to make pur
chases end retain help and pay the rent for
that purpose.
Third— I give, devise and bequeath unto my
beloved son, James Frank Dickey, all property,
real, personal and mixed, of which I may die
seized or possessed of In any way.
Second— My beloved wife having: departed
this life. I do hereby revoke all former wills
and codicils by me made.
First— I desire all my Just debts to be paid,
and that I shall be decently buried In a man
r.er suitable to my elation in life, and the
condition of my estate.
The late James R. Dickey did not die
possessed of riches. According to the will,
which will be filed to-morrow by Attorney
Charles F. Hanlon, his estate Is valued at
J3000. His sole legatee is his son, James
Frank Dickey. The latter has been named
as administrator, and he will file his peti
tion for the necessary letters on Monday.
According to the will deceased had fSOOO in
bank, and the valuation of his place of
business near the park is $1000. In his will
Colonel Dickey requests that the business
he built up be carried on by his son. Fol
lowing is the full text of the document:
In the name of God, amen: I, James R.
Dickev. of the city and county of San Fran
cisco. State of California, of the age of 71
vcars or thereabouts, and being: of eound and
disposing mind and memory, and not acting
under duress, menace, fraud or undue Influ
ence of any person whatsoever, do make, pub
lish and declare this my last will and testa
ment In the manner following, that Is to eay:
All His Property to Bis
Only Sort.
Famous Roadhouse-Keeper Devises
"The members of the syndicate that
has purchased the San Francisco and San
Mateo Electric Railway Company are at
present largely interested in the Inter
urban trolley railway development of the
East. They are thoroug-hly conversant
¦with the possibilities of suburban trolley
enterprises, and their great possibilities
at this time, and for the Immediate fu
ture.
"It is the intention of the syndicate to
continue the construction of the San
Mateo. line down the peninsula, from San
Francisco through San Mateo, Menlo
Park, Palo Alto. Redwood City to San
Joss, and to aid substantially in the de
velopment of San Mateo and Santa Clara
<.»..«<!»<¦ n-nrt m frrnkh t h fi PfTlPra.1 DUD-
COLONEL DICKEY LEAVES
A WR-Y SMAXIi ESTATE
Will Build to Baa Jose.
R. G. Hanford, who came to California
a few years ago from ICew England, and
who has been engaged largely In the
financing of local mining: and other enter
prises, has just successfully concluded a
pale of the property of the San Francisco
and San. Maieo Electric Railway Com
pany to an Eastern syndicate, composed
of Baltimore and Philadelphia capitalists.
While it is impossible to learn all the de
tails of the transaction, it Is known that
the syndicate Is composed of men who
are particularly interested in suburban
and inter-urban electric lines in the East
ern States. It has been known for some
time that they were endeavoring to se
curs a foothold in California and the
above purchase marks' their initial step
in tl:is direction- Mr. Hanford, who has
had charge of all the details of the ne
gotiations and who Is the local represen
tative of the purchasers of the property.
Is very reluctant to discuss the matter,
but at the reauest of a Call reporter he
last night consented to make the follow
ing statement :
Baltimore and Philadelphia Capitalists Interested
in the Deal— Road Will Be Extended
EASTERN SYNDICATE BUYS
SAN MATEO ELECTRIC LINE
THE iSAIT FRAKCISCO CALIi, SUyrpAY^?;MAY 12, 1901.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "Sag Harbor."
Alcazar— "The Conquerors."
Grand Opera-house— "Son of Napoleon."
California— "Barbara Frietchle."
. Central — "The Octoroon."
Tivoli — "The Idol's Eye." : V
Orpheum— Vaudeville. • .
Alhambra— Minstrels.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets-
Specialties. -
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening.
Fischer* b— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baeebalj.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-dajr.
Ferry Building— Grand Flower Show. May 16
17, 18.
Sntro Baths— Swimming.
EmeryvlUa Racetrack — Races to-morrow.
By Wm. G. Layng — Tuesday, May 14, at 10
o'clock. German Government Artillery Horses.
at 721 Howard street.
By J. Doyle— Friday. May 17, at 11 o'clock.
Horses. Buggies, etc.. at S75 Folsom street.
AUCTION SALES.
¦ The' Mohammedans I want \ a ; better : way
to > Mecca. • They, \ desire r to . go > there . by
railway and" for that « purpose | have given
the Sultan $108,000;to be usedin construct
ing ' a' railroad. •^^^^m^aS^gmsamummA
-.There has been 'unusual • activity, in - the
local, lodges of .late.": Bay' City,; has four
strangers»to initiate,: Martha has. a, like
number and Aurora has several on its list.
.¦Grand Protector " : Whltten is preparing
his listYbf fstandihg committees and ; list
of /deputies. These, will . : probably., be " an
nounced'next week." > -;.,".- •/,', -..
Knights - and Ladies of Honor.
JUDGE WILLIAMS COMING.— Judge B T.
Williams of Ventura will occupy the bench In
Judffe Cook's court on May 20. -when Judge
Cook , leaves on his vacation.
21
The makers do not advise the use of
Grape- Nuts Food alone, except in ex-
treme cases like this. It Is better, as a
rule, to make the -breakfast of three or
f our, heaptog teaspoonfuls of ' Grape-Nuts
with soml good rich cream, together
¦with a little cooked fruit and some
Postum Food Coffee. At midday have a
little meat and some vegetables . and at
night have the same meal as the break-
fast. This sort of a diet will cure stomach
and nervous troubles in 90 cases out of
GBAFE-NTTS.
WISE HOTEL MAN.
Wife Put Him Bight.
All hotel men, as a rule, are healthy, but
once in a. while they are subject to
Etomach trouble like the ordinary mortal,
and It Is interesting to know what they
do to provide themselves with proper
food.
In the case of Mr. McKee of the
Wheeler House, Howard. S. D.. he finally
got down to Grape-Xuts Food alone, and
lived on it for a little over 6ix inontbs.
He speaks of some wheat foods and other
cereals that be could not digest, but
Grape-Nuts is pre-dlgested and easy for
the weakest kind of a stomach, bo that he
got well on It - ¦
He writes at length, giving a descrip-
tion of his years of sickness and his final
cure by food. He says he had become
completely discouraged, as he could not
retain any food and digest it Finally his
wife heard of Grape-Nuts Food and
urged him to cat some of it and. nothing
else. He says: "I quickly. began to gain
in flesh, and my skin took on another.
color. I stuck to Grape-Nuts and noth-
ing else for over six months. I gained
25 pounds, began to sleep naturally, and
have gotten quite well.
"After a while I began to eat plain food
again and fe!$ no distress. The Grape-
Nuts regulated my bowels and cured
me of the old headache." '
Ian onion, x£\
la ri^ifrtei* j^»
m •* A a. M**f*^m*A. '. yA H
m can ; be frt^d \/m
gjoccessivelyin jgi KA jr/m
WESSON arH
ODORLESS I
' - - . ¦ ' .'. .¦'¦¦/ '¦.;.;¦. -¦: ¦ .-. .' • ' " : A P VTETVTTsrP.iirgTTTf*. ' '¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦
' ' '¦"'¦ "*' - : ' ' '¦ ¦ ' '""¦'" '" '• ' '" '" i mima ¦¦ ¦ "n^^ J z ' '¦ : ' ' ' -' ' " ' ¦¦¦¦'""-'¦-'-' '.' v I '"'-"'' ¦ "• ...* .¦-" ¦ ¦ : ",. -";-a.- -•^--. ¦-.• ' -'¦'¦¦' ¦'". ¦ ' - r '• ' ¦ ' ' --_ ,^— ' '' "-1- -"---¦¦
| /^y^^^^"^ v WEEK * \rm
Will /7r^j|f/ - n °PP ortUDit y t0 Buy Another Travelers' Sample Line of x Small Economies Eventually Bring Why Have a Cozen Different SMeld i Oflr fl
»\\ 1 \\b v7//^fii§=?^/ That Should Not Be You know what that „ Jft Here is a list of the small though win do "thu work of §Fh £u\ 1HJ/ fl i 111
rr-qU^'IV M ''X^^YJlf ' Cvcrloolted. ma^e 3 ' and fi i hd 6 W h U <Mt f^P extreme necessities of a household at many? It is the "Fitz- »\fT ffl\\\ p I ill I [111
'AYV^iP^S^i/jr This Is a sample line of workmanship reveal's the M^M "best japanned, Juttable^ana 3 washal /&-^\ Jfl 1111^1 1/ It i 1 1 iff
t\\ 111 T^s^^^r/ P 1( iue skirts made of best superiority perfec- Cp«B?gg^ four -packages of hairpins in cabinet ble, and hygienic phy- /£&&& \ JttffijH^XI |fl[T f |||H
X^^^^^A ll' I Plain; all cut after the Jki^lf^oo^s^tYmus' KfliTvP ' *£2 nB KinA '' tW ° h ° le ' 16 " Sc^^ '^^ v^^^ I^Sfi\ lilllft -31 ID ' I HI
ffllnW^fHlr/ ¦ be Imo a ng Or themTre LA- fe!^^^^^ th£f SS^-H;,, J ||l I] U Hi
llUU II m\ / UVHl IV DIFS 1 DRTrqq «?ktrt«? of Valencieriiiea i»pp- flii wiv companion, containing four packages and pinning at the shoulders and un- ff jyjUl ||| • LLWR
Dr pff ' i!°iiMIi %P?lf^f||lS^ ?^^^w^^.^^.^^^S l|flflyn IB
Will \\ . Wl IW ((J lf you can at SI. 50 made O f hest soft bleached muslin', " ti An a an nf 111" UmiPnVanr.aw'c' » : , M llfj %
W ¦'•111 W M I otheps iS$S? eP and .r^p^^'-^^^^i-^.^ ¦ DelSt A '^ et tat "- Jone - tte Less Conirfn- , ; il j I [I I
Mr/ill ///l/JlUf \3 hem,' all lengths, ' good of very best muslin: 14- JtS **¦ * s rna -d e of light col- —^_ and Hosiery Department. H 1 II J
vUlUk'//// lot width; tan only. - Don't inch flounce, - with clua- '¦¦ ' "* IKjA ored wood, finely fin- ffSBLiinxs-S* ___„, _._j_, n * ~ nn A ¦ S\ t \ a
VaKII'W .. overlook this price... 29c ler tucks and insertions s /|f| ished, with, nickel-plat- §STj A^ri C ?n H ?e " nlw ™S» -lace S rf- ' ¦ Mi fl I
'WmW if PoHnrf;nnP in of. Normandy, Point de ¦ MK'O ed ring which holds the ?™ ev ] L c *" hl i rJo'ie hTe-h "DHced^heela fl ! 1
Bffl/if i/Jr KeUUCtlOnS 111 /V Paris or Valenciennes v*-=^ wo jk firmly in place 'ect. dou oleBOl e. hlg n spile ed fteeu fl j ¦
fan III IT t»j:- j tit V? lace runninir length- /KrTmmdV^ and does not require re- iS8 2- nd toes, iuu lengtn, exira elastic. bni III I 11
WlWWll W LadieS WraPPerS. - v^Jfej -wise 1 ; flounce SLV ffl» adjusting- until the work I* Economically priced. Sue B\\ I
Wl SIS«?^|W ¦¦B^%^™S^^- : li;-iaSK®fesS€%l I i
W&&r//if' ruffle nnishing off the yoke, \/fjM length; extra wide. A beauty and a both hands free. ; nose, row x-»o SRTmSli
WtV/JF v'?. ffi^ J' ith , fanc y ash JIUiJ* bargain ! ;*a.O8 •' Specially nice for mending lace cur-' ALSO, LADIES' VESTS, made of II II 11 lit]
Wl fli , h 6d |^ lng ' AGAIN, LADIES' CORSET 9 COV: tains and y t able linen :aJso for work- good quality XXX American silk 1 1
W/t J.S, wnrti ,1 a 7°.?-W/mWL ERS, made of best quality cambric: ing corners of drawn work. The low neck, no sleeves, lace effect neck W I I Lf 4
Wl/A moneys worth here.. SI. a o -t2££^5^ yoke tucked and hemstitched, arm darning surface is 2Vi Inches in diam- and arm size crocheted with silk and B 11 U III
ft//* —^\^v °*Fairell-Street Entrance. :"^"—"' size, neck and yoke trimmed with, eter and slightly 'convex— Just the drawn through with silk tape; colors I II II III
Wrwrv^Wftl TJf\Tnnnn i mmr» . n ' dainty lace. Worth double the money proper shape for doing good work, pink, blue and white. Very superior ¦ I ff|
niA\\AliJ»l) liULiiROS ATTRAC- ......;...... ..............35e Rosenberg's introduction price..; 10c values ....39c II »
iili^ j4 tively priced. a special sale o? Unusual Magnitude. TraYeler's Sample Uu of Belts ml In Our Corset Department. ' I 1 I ll
iW^ / iero^cket? nS In Onr Necktie Department.* ppitBnpviAc > fat people made thin * I MM I
R|& / of™J A ?S T \ r ™zn LADIES' ASCOT TIES. M MU^' By wearing the Majesty Corset It i 3 I ( W.
BlTWwSlW M braid, fancy stitches- de- made of very best quality "^uTv We bought them at 60c on the dollar • made of best quality Italian cloth, and W IV I It.
WAUtT/XI B cidedly swagger; can be striped Madras, with white Wkf and you shall reap the benefit of this boned throughout with best tempered Sill 11 if J
|;'V v^*^§f worn over' the plainest pique stocks attached, colors f»«B huge purchase. ~ .. "-.- .. : - steel; a corset that fits to figure Bill I II ¦<
fc U waist and add a certain pink, blue, watermelon. Just \* W- ¦ We have " some » of .¦ the most striking- and holds the flesh m. place. . It does not la j II J
ISBBHBBBKl' chic appearance to it the thing for summer neck- -r-^ price concessions yet sold in this line— lose its. shape even when entirely worn H]| I y J
JtWfiv]W*tf We challenge you to wear. This Is a time when "**rS* read the following:: out. We guarantee this Corset for three H M II
BnlW^^k. equal this anvwhere at money goes twice as far as ¦" LADIES' BELTS, made of snake rope months; should it not prove to be all we JnJ 1 1 HI 1 1 -ft
HJlf^"^^ '$4-00. Our price <R2 SO ordinarily 48c or untarnishable elastic wire, with fancy ¦ say, -we "give. 'you' another Corset; comes JTrfllRi 1 ill 4
lo'ni^WF - " °""°" • '•¦>.¦:.; • l'Aiglon buckle and floral designed slides; in short, medium and long lengths. Best Ml I I re IU 3
IK1L BL-^y cfi'ii n«- n i n-w n i T«nlV.n« fl ftA J n 0«A«{nl« new and stunning; just half the usual for the. least..'.'.... $3.25 /frrtMVV Uf •!
KV^p Still Our Great Ribbon Sale LeatDer GOOUS SpeClElS. selllng prlce r>oc thin people made fat <^sS&@$mh=3k
Rrt J/i B f.AflQ fln r ALSO THE NEW POS- By wearing ourcelebrat- /CJ^ tES'A-222-^'*^ Eerl H
I'' 1 ' '. UCa UU| LADIES 1 SHOPPING BAGS, made of TILION BELTS, made (=*>_*» « : ed Eveini ;Bust Perfector. fl
Bft... ,.¦ _. . ; . , Des t g-rav Suede flat bottom rivpted of vej *y °est quality vel- 111^ It can' be worn with or MSl\ ' M
Mm Jf ¦ Yards Qnd >' ards arriving ° est «ray bueae, uat DO om, rU^d * postilion back; C^^T^^ without a corset; when W*.f rT_J
fE^J dalIv to meet the demands of s^ el fram e. steel chain lined and ma- made of b^ st gilt braid worn without a corset it Is *% f\/l^1^C^vj>^JS&t
ML / our more than satisfied Datrons chine sewed, not glued. A novelty at half and best fancy gilt but- ' SkS^^ an efficient buat support ' ff »lhk V €S3lUl^TW^^^S
: IB Tlr ArnnZa cn!nf,i «I^f prlce :¦ 50c tons and finished with M and is hailed with delight. ihgrfK V^fiJ llUWMll
|^ For Mondays special we of- ALgQ ;, LADIE g. . COMBINATION l atest long waist buckle /it^. by athletic women who Mtft[R\ V /^ilwM»I
fer best Black Velvet Ribbon, purse AKD ToCKETBOOK made of of fancy gilt; an extreme fi&™^ wish their waists and hips \W [ UjK \ \Ll>>»^7g|
W^, genuine entin back, at prices best grain or seal pressed leather fancy novelty, same as cut.. SI entirely free. When worn rWrif/^ \&*/? l ' ", „ _j '
' fc^ " that. will astonish all. ' aluminum corners, riveted steel frame, THE NEWBERNHAHDT belt/made Zlsmakers and Tailors : lmW\ . ::^'"- 1^ "j
t — Width 5 12^c wel1 s 6^' 6 * 5 ' strong and\ substantial. A of very best patent leather, patentine t0 g]ve tnelr pa trons a f/v f fc <Jk I
b Width 12 '*~ic Pi 1rse ,.7 0U Y ont l? se m ° ne y from. Reg- lined, graduated and curved so as to give perfect fit, as it rounds > 1 %
B~-«l Width 22 ' **'"o"« u1ar 50c values - Our P rlce ....35c the new long waist front effect. Best in out all hollows and gives • \ B
feSl . MORE NEW 'pRETTT'FANi Sale at O'Farrell-Strctt Entrancs. quality, lowest in price 3oC . one^i plump, well-rounded^ 1^— i3
IrJ ' pure silk, in solid figured colors, T/\T^ X^ M*\ (T*i TT^ TWX T"^ T^ T^ IT^ Q A CZ H/T ¦ A • "O -T?"i7 TT ¦ Q 1"* '-
IML& or fancy combinations in figured IllK K I IS R N K H a ¥( I Y 1 D IVl AJtVlVii 1 O 1 . RI^S
X^S ¦ \J LJ HV/UJjll JJJUlLVJ) RUNNING THROUGH TO 11 OTARRELL ST. J@|i|
1**£3t3^ melon, pink, blue, green^and - MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. PHELjAN BXJII-i ID 1 1ST C3.The man who admits he doesn't know it
all is wiser. than the one who thinks he
does.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. May 1L-The body of
Mrs. Grace Sefton Winters lies in an un
dertaking establishment and her husband,
I. Ross Winters, is detained in the City
Jail on suspicion that he murdered her,
he having admitted that he shot her, but
claimed that it was an accident. " The cir
cumstances attending Mrs. Winters'
death are such that her husband's story
will not be accepted by the police with
out a searching--' Investigation and-Detec
tives Auble and Rich felt warranted in
placing Winters under arrest.
Winters Is a laborer about 28 years old.
His wife was- 22 years of age. They lived
at 734 South Workman street, {laving mar
ried two years ago. After their marriage
Mr. and Mrs." Winters both took out In
surance policies payable to one. another
for 11000 each.' Shortly after Winters had
taken home the body of his wife to-day
he" notified E.- W. Schmidt, the general
agent fot the company, of ' the accident
and .presented" a claim for the insurance
oh his wife's life.
At first the prisoner said his w'ife was
shot accidentally while they were out on
a hunting trip, his gun having fallen and
been discharged. Later he changed this
story several times.'
The charge of shot at close range tore a
gaping hole In her side, just back of the
left breast.
One -account was that he had crawled
through the barbed wire fence- into a
field where he believed there might be
good shooting. He left his shot gun on
the- other .side of th« fence, and his wife
asked him if she could not bring it over.
He consented, but cautioned her to be
careful. He heard her say "All right, I
will." That was the last remark she ever
made. Winters heard the roar of the
shot gun and turned to see his wife in the
convulsions of death on the ground.
'Returns From a Hunting
Trip With His Wife
a Corpse.
HUSBAND FACES
MURDER CHARGE
Mystic Shriners at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, May 11.— A large dele r
gatibn of nobles of the. Mystic Shrine ar-;
rived here this afternoon to attend the
Mardi .Gras celebration In connection with
the" street fair." They were met 'ati the
depot by the local Shriners, Queen Edith
and her maids of honor and Director.Gen
eral Clark and escorted to the Midway. :. •
Merrier Grows Feud Between
Gage and the Orosser of
the Rubicon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 11.— The whale
town Is talking over the extraordinary,
and, to some, Inexplicable ignoring of
Governor Gage during the visit , of the
President to Los Angeles. "Where Is the
Governor?" was asked by hundreds of
citizens on Wednesday afternoon and
Thursday morning during the parades.
The Indignity Is resented by citizens/who
realize that the public has been "insulted
by the affront put upon the State's chief
executive.
The conviction prevails that General H.
G. Otis Is responsible for the engineering
of the slight to Gage: that he imagined
that during tM> President's visit he would
he able to pay off some old scores, and,
In particular, punish Henry T. Gage, who
had •• presumed to resent his vicious at
tacks. Certain it is that General Qtis
usurped the position of plenipotentiary
extraordinary on behalf of President Mc-
Kmley and assumed a dictatorial attitude
toward the executive committee— a dic
tatorship which, with a few exceptions,
eeems to have been meekly accepted.-
Otis Designed the Parade.
Two weeks ago General Otis set his mil
itary mind at work concerning the forma
tion of- the parade for the President's re
ception on Wednesday afternoon. The
result was a diagram which was hajid
ect to Major E. F. C. Klokke and dis
patched to General Last, grand marshal
of the'parade. General Last's account of
the interview that succeeded . Major
Klokke's arrival is as follows: " .••,¦!
Major Klokke handed me this piece of parch- i
ment, sayinsr: "General Otis presents his
compliments to you, General, and offers this
as a suggestion for the formation of the pa
rade of which you are to be grand marshal.''
I examined the diagram and told Major
Klokke to Inform General Otis that, while I
appreciated his courtesy, the formation of the
parade was my business and I believed I was
able to attend to it without assistance.
On further examination of General Otia' dia
gram I discovered that no provision was made
for the Governor of the State. I turned to
Major Klokke and said, "What about the Gov
ernor? Where is his carriage?"
Major Klokke' 8 reply was, "He is not com
ing." •
How Major Klokke or ¦ General Otis knew
that the Governor was not coming, except that
he had not been asked, I am not able to say.
The Governor was very loth to' talk
about the matter at all, except to posi
tively declare that he had never received
any written invitation to take part in the
proceedings, but at the eleventh hour he
had been approached by Messrs. Laugh
lin and Rule, when it was impossible for
him to change his plans. The interviewer
referred to the out-of-the-way position as
signed to Governor Nash and the Ohio
visitors during the floral parade.
"You don't mean to tell me," exclaimed
the Governor, "that the Ohio party were
not given seats near the Presidential par
ty! This is the first I had heard of It. It
certainly seems an extraordinary arrange
ment."
Last and Laughlin. Disagree.
General Last had an opportunity to-day
to talk matters over with the Governor,
and was asked: "Do you think that the
Governor was deliberately slighted during
the President's visit here?"
General Last's reply was very emphatic:
"I not only think so, but I know It, and I
am also convinced that the people aro
very indignant about it. I am also con
vinced that the whole, thing, was de
signed."- ".-'•¦ ¦¦¦-,¦ ''^ : - T'^' "•'¦¦¦". : .
Homer Laughlin. chairman of the recep
tion" committee, thinks that the persons
who stood in the recent Presldentiallime
light were the persons who k ought to have
stood there. He believes ..that the. right
persons rode in' hi3 : carriage in the- two
parades. Mr. Laughlin. was asked: :
"Don't you believe that when the Presi
dent comes to a town the Governor of the
State and the Mayor ought to ride in his
carriage?"- -- — f
"I suppose some people might look at it
in that way. But the committee got *up
this pageant— we did the work and raised
the money. You will find that the chair
men of the committees" are often chosen
to ride with the guest of the occasion.
My committee thought I was entitled to
the honor, not only as chairman, but on
account or my twenty years' acquaintance
with the President."- —
¦The Governor left for the north . this
evening. He has accepted . an invitation
to take lunch with President- Benjamin
Ide Wheeler at. tho University of Cali
fornia on May 15. to .meet the President.
He will dine with the Ohio Society, but it
is not known If he will accept the invita
tion of the Union League.
Denounces the Snubbing
of the Governofat | ; "
Los Angeles.
GENERAL LAST
RAILS AT OTIS
Turf War to Begin.
CINCINNATI. O., May 1L— The local
turf war will be opened in earnest when
Latcnia throws open its gates Monday af
ternoon. Latonia will have for its attrac
tion the Derby at a mile and a half, with a
hajf dozen of the best 3-year-olds to con
test for the L card.
Newport offers a card of seven races
with the crack performers of the Western
Turl Congress entered in the various
events and every person that enters the
gates will be considered the guest of the
Queen City Jockey Club, which practi
cally means a free gate. The manage
ment of the two tracks are determined to
carry their point and the clash will no
doubt prove an interesting battle.
POWEB. OF THE EXPERT DTJH".
Thinks Any Bill Could Be Collected.
Kindly Creditors Not TJn-
common.
"I don't doubt," said a bill collector of
long experience, "but that the most hard
ened of debtors can be made to pay by
persistent dunning. Continual dropping
will wear away a stone sure; the only
question is, will it pay to keep the water
dropping? In this as in many other
things it is not a question as to whether
the thing can be done, but as to whether
it will pay to do it.
"Many a man who has, or fancies he
has, teat a creditor out has really es
caped paying only because the creditor
has made up his mind that it would cost
more than it was worth to collect the bill,
and so has stopped, though he knows well
enough that he could collect it by keep
ing at it. long enough; for, as a general
proposition, no man is really invulnerable
to all the possible varied forms of con
tinuous dunning, if they were resolutely,
unnuggingiy and year after year, with an
evident purpose of continuing indefinitely,
applied. I repeat that what saves .the
debtor who does finally escape paying
is. not his own cheek or bluff or imagined
indifference, nor even his poverty, if that
be the real reason for his slowness in pay
ing; what saves him is the creditor mak
ing up his mind not to spend any more
monew on 'him'.. ...
"But there "are some creditors who
make it a matter of business or principle,
or whatever you mind to call It, to spend
any amount of money to collect debts due
them; and I think myself that this Is a
wise way. Not because it gives me work,
but because I think it's' good sound busi
ness practice. I like the business method
that consists in the collecting of bills at
any. cost. The man thus persistent may
in some cases spend- more than a bill
amounts to to- collect It, but he doesn't
often have to do this. Withouj; any ex
planation or setting forth of the creditor's
that his creditor Insists on having what
Is due him just as I know that he will in
sist on it. This isn't a case of getting
out of him what you can or seeing what
you can do with him, or trying to collect
the bill — it is a case of .a settled, firm de
termination to collsct it, and I know and
feel it, and the debtor realizes, it;. and he
pays, and often promptly. I believe that
this creditor, who insists, at any cost, on
collecting, collects after all at a smaller
average^ cost than the the creditor who
only will spend so much' on a bill. 1
"As to the dunning of a 'debtor,' I think
that it is all right to dun him. I know
that for myself I haven't the slightest
squeamishness over my work as a-collec
tor.. I think not only professionally but
personally that a man ought to pay his
debts. To be sure the best intentloned
and at the same .-time most level-headed
and Intelligent of men sometimes, through
force of circumstances, get into deep
water, and for the time may be unable to
pay; -but if . they're square men, who in
good faith mean to pay. they are likely to
be met in the same spirit and not hurried.
'You might be. surprised to know how
many creditors there are who would say
in such circumstances: 'You tell So-and-
So not to fret himself for a minute about
that bill: to pay it when he. gets ready,'
or, 'tell What' s-his-name that I don't care
if he never, pays.' . It's a fact. I can tell
you. If you don't know it of your own ex
perience, or observation, that there's a
heap of decent people in the world. ;
. "And a« to the slow but square debtors,
they pay. almost to a man, though I don't
mind telling you that even- among them
there may be now and then one who needs
prodding a. little, gently. - ;
"A- help in collecting debts In these days
has come ¦ out ' of the * application of the
payment of them on the principle of pay
ments for goods bought on the installment
plan. I suppose there are now more peo
ple than . ever who. pay v debts .piecemeal,
and I like the method very much; it's an
everlasting ' sisht better; than not payins
anything: there is no creditor but ¦ what
would prefer to get his money In that way
rather, than not at all. . And while I don't
set- myseu up- as the grand' adviser and
counselor of those who- owe money as
to what is right and proper, I . say with
out hesitation/ that no man need, feel
ashamed of paying a debt in Installments:
his payments, however small, will be wel
comed, he may be .sure. ; Suppose I held
for. collection, -for Instance, a bill againsf"
a man for 550 and ; he should gi ve " me a
dollar every time I called. - Wouldn't that
be satisfactory? Well, I should say yes.
"But I do think one thins certain. •_ I
think a man ought to pay his debts, and It
doesn't disturb me a bit to ask a man<for
i~e ; money.' 1 — New York Sun. /
. Apricot pulp to the amount of twenty
eight tons was recently ordered from Ca - 1
ifornla by a single London Jam-making
firm. Englishmen are the largest con
sumers of jam In the world. ¦
Conspiracy to Kill a "Wife.
PHILADELPHIA, May 11.— Dr. Thomas
E. El dredge was arrested to-day, charged
with conspiracy to kill his wife. Several
days ago the police were notified by Paul
Schroeder, a private detective, that he
had been employed uy Dr. Eldredge to se
cure two letters from Eldredge's wife,
who had left him. Schroeder asserted
that the doctor wanted him to inject
morphine into Mrs. Eldredge and if he
was unable to secure the letters by that
means Eldredge said he would furnish
the detective with a stock of dynamite to
blow up the house in which Mrs. Eldredge
resided. • •
SAX JOSE. May 1L— O. F. Crill, the
Dunham suspect brought b«re from Kan
eas twelve days ago, was given his free
dom this afternoon. This was at the in
stance of District Attorney Campbell, who
for the past few days has been looking up
the record of CrilL
Some days ago Sheriff Langford be
came convinced that Crlll was not Dun
ham, but the District Attorney was not
satisfied. Specimens of the handwriting
of Crill and Dunham were submitted to
Kxperts Ames and Eisenscbimel. but they
found no likeness between the writings to
think the man Dunham. While Crill has
toid -but little about himself.. the. officers
have' been able to find out that he is not
Dunham. - '"~ : . .
Trill has been offered a number of posi
tions during carnival week at high wages
became of his ability to draw a crowd.
The bringing: of Crill here has cost the
couity nothing, as Detective Greiner, on
\vhosf : information the arrest fcvas made,
put up the money for the expenses. Crill
will be civon about $50 railroad fare and
nioi-ey for expenses. Crill intimates that
be believes Greiner intended to poison him
ar.cl never bring him here and then secure
the reward for him dead, but that he had
no chance to do so. He is very bitter
arclrst Greiner.
Dunham Suspect Is Al
lowed to Leave the
Prison.
OFFICERS GIVE
GRILL FREEDOM
EARTHQUAKE ON ETNA
DESTROYS SMALI* TOWN
Nicolosi, Situated on the South Slops
of the Mountain, Wrecked
and Ruined.
CATANIA, Island of Sicily,, May 1L : -A
strong shock of earthquake 'was felt to
day in the town of NicolosiT eight miles
northwest of this city, on the south slope
of Mount Etna. Several houses were dam
aged, but nobody was injured.
LONDON, May 12.— A special dispatch
from Rome reports that Nicolosl was de
stroyed. — *.. '•¦-*, .
SCHWAB OPPOSES
UNITED LABOR
Steel Trust President
Explains Corpora
tion Plan.
"WASHINGTON, May 11.— Oharles M.
Schwab, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, was before the Indus
trial Commission to-day. He said that
the United States corporation' controls
eight companies by owning" their stock,
and that while steps are taken to insure
the good will and co-operation of all these
companies, each one generally Is left to
conduct business in Its own way. As a
rule the plan had been to take in only
companies which were not competitors,
but it was true that tnere were cases in
which two institutions of the same line
were brought together, and in such case
the managers were expected to get to
gether in making plans for sales.
Enumerating the advantages of consoll
dationr Schwab said they were found espe
cially In " transportation and management
and injhe utilization of all the ores own
ed. In this' connection Schwab said r that
the United States corporation owns 80 per
cent; of tfce iron ore of the country, and
expressed the opinion that these ore de
posits must constantly grow in value, be
cause limited. The company makes from
65 to 75 per. cent Ot the steel products of
the country. He also said that there had
been no increase in the price of products
since the organization of the United
States corporation, and that the tendency
is toward lower prices.
Discussing the tariff, Schwab expressed
the opinion that In articles of manufac
ture in which labor does not enter as an
important factor the tariff might be re
moved, but in products into which labor
enters largely.. such, for instance, as tin
plate, it would be necessary either to re
duce wages or lose trade if the tariff were
removed. He thought that except on the
Pacific Coast ' the removal of - the -tariff
would not. interfere with the • production
of steel rails and billets. Schwab took a
position agalnst : organized labor, saying
that it did not give individuals a fair
chance in life. - •,
Schwab said it was the purpose of the
parent company to control the subsidiary
organizations in harmony, but this was to
be done by indicating the officers of the
various concerns. "There may not be so
many names of influence on the boards,"
he said, "but the management will be ef
ficient." - ¦ ¦ ••• ¦¦•"'•
No Details of the Trust.
Schwab" excuses himself from speaking
concerning the details of the organization
of his company, once or twice saying that
questions concerning capitalization, pre
miums, etc., should be asked of Morgan.
"I do not know the steel trust,' he said
when some one designated his company.
¦ In a general way he would say that the
company is organized upon the same plan
as the "Federal Steel Company, but he
did not consider' the .company.-over-capi
talized. He said the assets of each of the
subsidiary companies had increased in
value since their organization, and that
the popular estimates did not place a suf
ficient value upon the mines owned by. the
company. -He also stated in this connec
tion, that the company owns 60,000 acres
of Connellsville coking coal land, and
that in. its iron mines there are 500,000,000
tons of ore in sight. ' _ ...
He, thought a reasonable profit on.this
iron ore would" be $2 a ton. Asked how
long he thought these mines would be
able to meet the demand, Schwab placed
the limit on the iron ore' at thirty years
and on the coal at sixty. Each of the
constituent companies, he said, makes its
own purchases and its own sales. In a
word,',' he. said, "the. United- States . Steel
Corporation is a clearing-house to which
its: constituent companies go for informa
tion." - • ; ;: . . ' :. ¦ •
Sells ' Goods at Lower Price.
He admitted .that the company * sells
many of Its products at a lower price in
foreign markets than at home saying
that this .practice is followed to hold the
markets.. -.* . * :,_ A ,„ ¦
• Regarding -the relation of the tariff to
the .steel Industry, :he said- that upon the
whole he did not desire, to have the tariff
changed in any respect,' considering it en
tirely satisfactory as at present arranged.
Asked for his opinion as to the effect of
the enactment of. the BaJbcock bill, tak
ing the duty r off trust-produced articles,
Schwab" expressed 'opposition, to it. He
did not consider as possible an interna
tional iron and steel combination regard
less of all tariff restrictions. -..-- ,: : : •
Discussing the relations of • capital to
labor he said that while he would not un
dertake to outline the future policy of the
steel. corporation, he did not indorse the
policy -of the labor organization, as in the
interest' of laboring men themselves. He
did hope, "however, to so .arrange matters
that operatives could .'share in the profits
of the enterprise. Instead of being a-det
riment, he considered the big corporations
as. affording the best openings. for labor
and enterprise. . , ' ' •
-'"There" were -never such opportunities
for-them 'as to-day," he said. .."If ( I: were
a" laboring man, as I once .was, I should
not want I to belongs to a labor, organiza
tion :4f employed by a properly managed
corporation jike- the 1 steel company,: for I
would not' want, to be put on a level with
the coorer workiiwn In the' establishment.
The tendency is to give the highest possi
ble price for proper services, and no mem
ber- of a labor organization" is in al posi
tion to avail himself of snch disposition."
He said the average of wages paid now
by the steel companies is higher thanpre
vious to J 892 The Question was not one ;
of wages,' but of the management of busi-
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 11.— After a
long and dramatic trial, Charles H. East
man, the Harvard instructor, was acquit
ted to-night on the charge of murdering
his brother-in-law, Richard Grogan Jr.,
while at target practice on July 4 last.
The Jury, after listening for nearly three
weeks to a mass of testimony, followed
by two days of argument, debated five
hours and a half before reching a verdict.
When the verdict v/as announced there
was a demonstration among the 150 spec
tators which the court officers were un
able to suppress for some minutes.
The young man's father, who has stood
loyally by his side through the long strain
and who has spared no expense in law
yers and experts to clear his son of the
charge, was the firat to pres3 his hand as
he stepped from tha prisoner's cage. Be
fore the jurv lef^ their seats Eastman
went over and shoo-sc hands with each one
Instructor Eastman of
Harvard College Ac-'
quitted.
JURY DECLARES
HIM INNOCENT
ness, with which the labor unions wanted
to interfere. . . ¦ ;
Schwab expressed himself as opposed to
the publicity of the accounts of corpora
tions and said he had no legislation to
suggest for the regulation of corpora
tions. He considered«them of value both
to the investor and to labor, and thought
they were calculated to extend business.
and then passed out into an anteroom,
where he was greeted by his relatives and
friends.
OIL GUSHER DT TEXAS
NOW IN LITIGATIO1I
Advance in Values After the Great
Strike Causes Another Big
Lawsuit.
BEAUMONT. Tex.. May 11.— The cllma*
of land litigation growing out of the ad
vance in values following the oil strlk*
was reached to-day when the Lucas
gusher and its equal, the McFadden No. 3.
were si:ed for. The suit Is styled Emma
R. Borins et al. vs. W. P. McFadden et
al.. and makes the Duffey Land Company
one of the parties to the suit.
- On this tract, in addition to gushers, ara
located several .tanks, a pipe line and a
pumping station. The plaintiffs claim
that they are being damasred in the sum
c-f J10.0CO daily by withdrawal of oil from
the- wells to the amount of at least 35,0Oi)
barrels each day. aggregating JS50.000, and
by reason of plaintiffs disposing of it they
claim a further damage of $350,000. mak
ing a total damage of $1,200,000. They ask
that an injunction be issued restraining
the defendants from further operations
until they give legal security for the valua
of the plaintiffs' interest and for general
and special relief of the petitioners. Thej
claim that their title exists a3 heirs and
recite their genealogy for some time bad:.
THE SAN FRANCISCO 1 CALL, STJNDAT, MAT 12, 1901../
22
?i. Perfect health and strength denote the absence of disease. When vouare weak it means that' you lack that &
g which is the foandation of strength— of life itself— Electricity. You may be afflicted with Rheumatism. Dyspepsia. ! 8
g Lame Back. Weak Kidneys. Loss of Power, Vancocele, Wasting Weakness,- Sciatica, Constipation; or anvof the g
g numerous diseases which lead to an early breaking down of the system. If you have' any of these troubles they &
« should be attended to at once. You have tried drugs and found that if they even stimulated you they did not cure. '8
§ but left you with some new trouble as 1 result of the poison put into your system. . , «
g? }'»''. Electricity Is Nature's Cure g.
rf ¦ •'- ,f^^\ or a^ diseases of the blood, v nerves, ( muscles - S
• i.o . • ¦ and organs.' .Ihave: so ent' twenty years and al- .»
X /.*??£& /v most u P um » te d capital discovering this fact and a
V WM^\ ' ' \- t^wi developing a body, battery which Rives a strong D
O %-*&$2 s?? \. .- - * . I / f curative current to the wearer without the least $
n "» /~^ i ' v discomfort. This perfected appliance is v §
!r; ' /*¦*'. '¦- ' ' Jj It has cured qo.ooo people and the testimony M
C» .' /'"'tr'''' ' .^tmr '< •'• ' s on ie or a^ who want proof of- what, .this S
% WxW£p$%k /*',/''.¦' ' ~ Nk -^ <^^>4t^^ grand remedy has done. For six cr eight hours S
r* 1 Wz£8&8& /^</^ / /!<. /¦' / ' r^T^T evC! 7 night Jt pours a 'steady stream of electric- O
*' Ss8ili«ii&Sg&\ '*&$£/>' '' '','*' ¦~ /<: *''"\ — '^^Mi ity into the nerve center, saturalinpr . the weak- §
V -'*'^~L?^aJ^VW^ cncd tissues and or^ns with its life. This : is 2
%'• J W£S&&<^ :r " ¦** r - - &?<£%&$£&. strength. From/it come the vim. energy, the fire «
S -•i'"-W« of - perfect phvsical n:id mental action. It re- O
% Jffltezr* " ••—•%— T: «MHra news the health and liappiness of all men. g
f W3Bi^^^^^^ Z ' l W^-W'' Read Whatthe Cu red Say. |
'&¦ Ws$J!%&&J "' ' "x^x^V^i*"" - i\ "^--' I I "About a month ago I began to use one of %
7\ •'•¦ **v*^"'O " < ' v '--\ "V •>— / I vour Belts for the cure of rheumatism.. It has &
*>' W' : 3££fc%&? *' v v - > V ""' ' X - \ V // / done grand work for me. I began to improve &
%'¦> -^ "** ""'i-u J II immediately, and to-day am cured in every re- • 8 '
ci< Wffiaf ., ..".>. <:, \\ ' II spect. ;,...^- ; \vm. h. cneil.- ¦ *#
g ' ? I V-| I »\ "1347 Jessie street, San Francisco." g!
§ \ \ A v ''Your Electric Belt has indeed relieved ?me 8
O ¦ • «,*^ '» \ 11 very; much. '•• It has strengthened my nervous ¦»
Si " T * : - .V' ., • .system and greatly benefited .the action of my • §
S? kidneys. *1 strongly recommend vour Belt for'all nervous weakness and kidney trouble, forit has done all that U
S-you claimed it would in rav- case.' Yours - truly, - . . • . ¦ •." ¦'.•,••.-"--•..' > '<. > — . - ¦¦ • X
#:¦ 1 "HENRY BEWS. Steward., Lane Hospital^ San; Francisco.; -Cal."-.- -V.. §
ft^ T«Y IX TO-DAY- SEND FOR BOOK:'. : / • ;«
Yi" If you are close enough to call, do so. Let me show vpu the difference between, my up-to-date appliance S®
i^ and old style burning electric belts. Let me prove to you why niv Belt cures when they fail, ''V : ; ; V-'':' r i" .'.f- $
Wt If you can't call, write for my -beautiful descriptive book, showirig how my Belt is used and giving -Hundreds'.-^
P. of letters from grateful people. Call or address, enclosing this ad. Office hours, 9' a. - m.- to'8:.3b p: r m.-. Sundays. "~"'.Q.
g Ojla .lf!i Ui EISbLHUunLiHi '' San Francisco, l&k\i'^ '['%
¦iiiaiiin nM(g(ili|iH 1 t . ¦ . .. ..-. ,-.¦ _ • v-
.'¦/¦:.; A33VEBTISEMENT3. : -~ .
I ...WE BUILD TO ORDER... M-
[HI Automobile Parts.
\^^^oW^lMM0^V^^^^^i GUARANTEED FOR ONE YE^R.
I AUTOMOBILES CARED FOR, REPAIRED AND DELIVERED ON TELEPHONE ORDER.
I AUTOMOBILES ON MONTHLY PAYMENT PLAN. v ;
I CALIFORNIA AUTOMOBILE COMPANY,
I FACTORY: 346 McAllister St.; Tel. Jessie 366. MAIN OFFICE: 222 Sansome St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i| Just Received w \
Another Carload of Our 5^^4
| Celebrated $3.50 Shoes lliil
| All the Latest Spring Stales j^ jml
| for Men and Women. pf^sf^m
SPECIAL *%>§?'
f $2.50 This Week jk
MENS' LADIES'
Fine Vici Kid, box Fine Vici ' Kid. lace.
Calf and Vclour Calf, welted sewed soles for Jgm*\ .
1 if i a. j. i walking:: or light, flex- it/£*3B&*
lace, all the late styles. ib j e - se £ ed so]es for full ti^^
on sale this week at dress wea r; all the late
.». ..?2.5O style toes ?2.50 W^'M
WE WILL ALSO CLOSE OUT wSj
500 pairs Ladie*' Fine Vici Kid Lace, new coin \&§r
toe, and kid tip, welted, sewed g d^ mr
¦' soles, stitched edges/ a $.3.00 value VsiSfck
iM^^^v E I^i V ll'E our countrv' customers to make
tj^^^^^ra^gri our bin: store their headquarters while in the *fsfj^r5lsS
>Wl NOLAN BROS., W
4^\||l PHELAN BUILDING. m?
J^ 812-814 MARKET STREET. J[j|^
. WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES. MMl
¦¦] Sterling Furniture
nother RocKer I
i Bar&ain i
If— — : — — — — 1 1
I Vf^ttfj=>««**«i We make them ourseIves 1
I :l-.i.caiii-^?ooc?o and guarantee them. If
I ~~~~' ~ "¦" they don 't give satisfac-
1 tion, come and get your money back ! Fair, enough ?
B WHITE CURLED HA1RX- MOSS IXXX-
9 long and select— the very goo en just the best New Orleans C"7 f\f\
M best yon can get ..-^&£.OU moss.. *?iMU
1 OUTPV nTRT FT> H ATW SILK FL° SS °* " KAPOCK M —
fi GREY CURLED HAIR— : pa t in the tan and see it 1 f\ rsr\
H like the white -differs only 10 00 Snff up 1U.UU
H in color .'... 1O.UU "^ * C\ t\f\
9 a & w crmT rn ttatr « m ««. In <***?** taking: , y.UO
I G *tSB^!!n.. 15.00 •gESftss-gfc
1 ARMOUR CURLED HAIR— xxxx . moss, San Ramon O nn
m shorter, but it can be made lOftA ticking. °' uu
9 over again and again 1£.UU ROYAL—. r
H ¦'•-.- • ' gives more rest in less tima to; i
B RESILIENT CURLED HAIR— than most mattresses O.OO |
U forty pounds to eaclrcnat- o nn SANITARY— ~ A f\f\ I
H . tress...... v O.UU jast what the name impUea t.UU B
0 .' P. ..! We'd be glad to have you open an account with us d
I sterling r /urniture 1
1 private exchange t^OIUPay Al2£T«lL' 1
l^ o<nfc^H" 1 *-* 0 *^*"-* j| ¦¦¦¦¦! <rthe exhibition, Thursday, May 16. Writ
ten application for space and all other
communications in relation to the Floral
Society's exhibition should be addressed
to F. A. Miller, manager, 215 Hayes street,
San Francisco. • ; •
( MAN WHO IS CHIEFLY . RE
SPONSIBLE FOR THE FLOR
AL CONGRESS. '¦> ¦:>.•¦¦¦';¦ •;".;¦
... / • • ¦ * ... «¦.»
"Waterman,". "Stanly," "Marshall" and
"Falcon" fountain pens are the best in
the world for the money. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., stationery department, selling
agents for San Francisco. • ;
Mrs. Maude E. Bowes, grand matron of
the Order of the Eastern Star, paid ah 6N
ficial visit last night to Mission 'Chapter
in Mission Masonic Hall.' There were pres
ent a large number of the members of the
order. Several • candidates were Initiated
for the purpose of exemplifying the work,
after which there waCS a collation and a
social hour. '
Eastern Star Visit.
Extension Committee Organized.
The San Francisco extension committee
or the Ancient Order of Workmen was or
ganized last ni?ht by the election of Past
Grand Master W. H. Barnes as president;
E. F. Joy and- J: Bowman, vice presi
dents, and ; Walter ' Molloy, secretary.
Grand Lecturer Danforth. and. Grand Re
corder Spencer -were created 'honorary
members of the committee. :.-.¦¦ .. ;
Calaveras Parlor, known as the beauty
parlor of the. Native Daughters of 1 the
Golden West, having in the last 'few
months had an unusual demand upon Its
fund for the sick, has decided to give an'
entertainment and dance in the mainhall
of the Native Sons' building on the night
of the 22d inst. in aid of that fund. The
entertainment part of the evening wlM be
made up of. vocial selections by J. :.'AV.
Fraser, soprano solo by Miss Josie Budde
comic selection by W. J. Hynes and a
farce entitled "Off the Stage." by Will
Ogilvie, Martin Muhrenberg, Dr. J. Mc-
Carthy, Miss Lucille Frank, Miss Lizzie
Wrede and Miss Julie Cunningham. ..-
x The Beauty Parlor.
Deputy Sheriff Gains Access to Box
Office and Gathers in Portion!'"
. _ „ , of Judgment. ..
A little Incident not down on the pro
gramme took place yesterday afternoon
during the progress of the matinee at the
Grand Opera-house. Deputy Sheriff
Waibel, armed with a writ of execution,
levied on the money in the box-office to
the extent of $6t to satisfy a judgment
obtained last March in the Superior Court
against the Morosco Amusement Com
pany by Arthur W. Tarns. The Judgment
was for $220 and . $59 50 . costs of court.
Walter Morosco laid claim to the money
in the box-office, saying that the AmiiBe
ment Company was a corporation distinct
from the present management of .' the
house. Waibel, who was Inadvertently
admitted to the box-office by an employe
who did not know his mission, was obdur
ate, however, ' and gathered up . the >$64,
which was all the money, there was in
sight. ? i '
— , ¦ ? ¦ -¦¦¦¦
RECEIPTS OF GBAND OPEBA
HOT7SE ABE ATTACHED
All necessary arrangements for .-the
eighth annual celebration of butchers',
day, Wednesday, May. 22, have been com
pleted, and the committees in charge pro
pose to make It the biggest event yet
held.' ' Both the ! Oakland racetrack • and
Shell Mound . Park, have been engaged.
The principal features of the day will be
the races.- This ¦ year's- programme in
cludes. . nine events, . comprising trotting,
pacing, running, steer and vaquero races.
The race for dinner,. has been scheduled
as a special event. • •*- . ...
In .Shell -Mound. Park a- series of ath
letic contests -will -be held. Of course,
dancing will be a feature of .the day and
plenty of music .will, be provided. 'One
ticket will -admit to both parks. The ad
mission fee has been fixed at 25 cents.
In order that every butcher may be-en
abled to thoroughly enjoy the day, every
shop in Sarr Francisco, Oakland; Alameda'
and Berkeley' will be closed for. the entire
day. Large delegations - are expected to
attend from' adjacent "cities.
PB>EPABXNG FOB A GBAND
¦TIME-ON BUTCHERS' DAY
Shops Will Close and Provident House
wives Must Fill Larder the
- • Day Before.
Auditor- 'Wells yesterday changed his
mind about not accepting six' ordinary
clerks from the civil service eligible list.
Wells filed a reauisition for ten experi
enced clerks, but the commission could
only certify the names of four, and -Its
!fst would then be exhausted.-; The names
of Fix ordinary clerks were certified to the
Auditor, but Wells refused to accept them.
It "war represented that the • ordinary
clerks had performed the very duties of
the positions to fill which requisition was
lilod and Wells then put the men to work.
Auditor Ajccepts Ordinary Clerks.
Are those now offered by the Pacific Coast
Bteamship Company to Southern Califor
nia ports. For rates and Information call
at office, 4 New Montgomery street.
Cheapest and Most Delightful Ocean
Trips in the World
In all likelihood Miss J. "Wade will be
elected by the Board .of Education to suc
ceed Miss Amy T. Campbell as vice prin
cipal of the Jean Parker, formerly the
Broadway Grammar School. Miss Camp
bell has been promoted to the principal
ship of the school made vacant by the
resignation of Mrs. Jean Parker, who will
assume a responsible position in the State
Normal School.
While the appointment of Miss Camp
bell will not take effect until July 22 it
is almost certain that Miss Wade has
been selected for the vice principalship.
It is understood that she is assured of the
votes of Directors Klncaid, Casserly and
Penman, but Mark declines to commit
himself, as he thinks the time when the
appointment will become effective is too
far off to make a selection at the present
time. A successor to Mrs. Parker was
decided upon in advance. Mark says, in
order to avoid the political pressure to
which the board would be subjected if
it delayed the appointment.
Board of Education Virtually Decides
to Give Position to Miss
J. Wade.
MAY BE VTCZ-PB>IXCrPAL
OF JEA2J PAEKEB SCHOOL
Board of Works May Order Improve
ment by Creating an Assess
, ; ' ment District ;i
The Board of Public "Works has under
consideration the opening and grading of
Buchanan street between Thirteenth and
Hermarin, for which work a petition was
filed on May 7 by. residents in the vicinity.
City Engineer Grunsky informed 'the
board that it Is a \ery desirable Improve
ment j and in a report filed yesterday .with
the board recommends that arrangements
be effected for its 'completion. In his re
port the City Engineer says: ' "*•
• "The amount of grading to be done. on
this '"block has been , estimated at 36,300
cubic' yards, .the cost of which; excavation
being mostly .'rock, at 40 cents per yard,
would amount, to ,$14,520. The assessed
value of the 50-varas fronting on the pro
posed . improvement is $29,290, one-half of
which/ ?14,645, is but -5125 in excess of the
estimated cost of .the work." ..
i As. the charter, provides that a utreet
assessment in excess of 50 per cent of the
valuation of the frontage of the property
is invalid, -the board is loth to proceed In
that manner, as the cost might possibly
be higher than .tlve estimate and so Invali
date they proceedings. As ttie ,City Engi
neer states that the improvement would
benefit property on ¦ ad jacent ; blocks, ¦ the
board is considering the advisability of
creating an assessment district If the
wortc cannot be done by assessing. the en
tire cost to the frontage along the block.
OPENING OF BTJCHAITAN
STBEET BEDTG CONSIDERED
» UEANGEMENTS are being rap
t\ idly completed for the . annual
Za\ spring exhibition of the Califor-
A~jJk nla' State- Floral Society to be
held . May 16, 17 and 18 In the
north wing of the grand nave of the Ferry
building.. Extensive preparations are. also
.progressing for the Pacific States Floral
Congress/ which will convene at the Acad
emy of Sciences May 14 and adjourn May
16.
The assembling of the Floral Congress
marks an er>och in the rapid advance of
ornamental horticulture in California and
neighboring States,' as greater; interest in
¦ the art has been aroused during the 1 past
! year than has been shown since the allied
| floral organizations were formed. A large
representation of florists, seedsmeo, bot-
I anists, landscape gardeners and amateur
| floriculturists will be delegates to the con
\ g-ress and will remain In the city to attend
'the Floral Society's exhibition.
| The elaborate programme of the con
j gress includes more . than fifty lectures
I and essays by the foremost horticulturists
| Of the coast, and is divided into depart
f ments of '.literature, botany, arid foursec-
I tlons of the department of practice. A
comprehensive . discussion of all - subjects
of interest to students of the floral world
I will occupy a large portion of the con
}. gress' time. Speakers from California will
i be limited to addresses of thirty minutes,
•while those from other 'States will be
I given forty-five minutes.
j Secretary of Agriculture James Wilson
and several celebrated horticulturists
j from the Cast will attend both the Floral
' Congress meeting and the Floral Society's
show. ; : • •; !jf"'
Programme of the Congress. ¦
The congress will be called to order at
.10 o'clock on the morning of the 14th, and
the programme will Include the following
papers :
DEPARTMENT OF LITERATURE.
Eben. E. Rlxford, Shiocton, Wis.— Poem, j "A
Flower Message."
Protetsor Vomey Rattan, San Jose— "History
of California Poppy." «
Proftseor Charles H. Shinn, University ot
California— "Floral Literature ot -California."
Mrs. Florence LouKhead, San Francisco—
"Floral Poetry of California."
Professor E. J. Wickson.- University of Call-
I fornia— "What the Semi-Tropical Garden Has
Done for Civilization. 1 . 1 . ' '
Mrs. L. O. Hodgkins, San Francisco— "What
the Flcwers Teach."
Mrs. A. R. Gunnlson, San Francisco—"Flori
culture, Past and Fresent-"
DEPARTMENT OF BOTANY.
Dr. J. R. Card well, Portland, Or.—"Orna
mental Conifers of Oreson." j : ¦
Professor William R. Dudley, Stanford Uni
versity—"Tree Giants of California."
Dr. Lorenzo G. Yates, Santa Barbara—
"Ferns of the Pacific Coast."
George W. Dunn, San Deigro— "Collecting
Forest Seeds." - • ' .
Carl Purdy, Uklah— "Collecting and Growing
Native Bvlbs."
Luther Burbank, Santa Rosa— "Making New
Flowers." ¦' ¦ ,
Mrs. K. Bandegee. San Diego— "Splnaceous
•Plants of the Desert." - % --
MIes Mary J. Westfall. Pacific* Grove—
"Flowers of the Sea." „ ~ *
John Muir, Martinez— "Alpine Gardens.
Miss Alice Eastwood, Academy of Sciences,
San Francisco— "Native Flowering Shrubs.
Professor J. G. Lemmon, Oakland— The
Oaks of the Pacific Coast." .
Professor Josiah Keen, Mills College— Pa
cific Coast Mosses and Lichens."
Mrs. W. ' H. Welster. San Francisco— An
nuals of the Pacific Coast." .
Mrs. W. a Chandler, San FrancIsco-"Per-
DE^ARTMEl/orlANDSCAPE GARDEN
ING. 1 •
John McLaren, Golden Gate Park. San Fran
cisco—"Developing California Parks-
George Ilansen. Berkeley— "Planning Private
Andrew T. Garey ;> Los ,Angeles— "Parks In
" j'ohannus Reimers. Stockton— "Ornamenting
Railroad Grounds." j .' ;^
DEPARTMENT OF PRACTICE.
• Alexander G. McAdle, Weather Forecast Offi
cial. San" Francisco— "Protecting Gardens from
Edwin M. Ehrhorn, Mountain View— "Garden
Professor Newton B. ' Pierce, Santa Ana—
"Garden Fungoid Dlseas.es."
Section 2.
Lester L. Morse, Santa Clara— "Flower Seeds
Growing in the Santa Clara Valley." _ _*
Mrs. Theo. D. Sheppard. Ventura— "Plants
That Have Originated in My Garden."
¦ Waldo Rohnert, Gllroy— "Superiority of Cali
fornia Grown Seeds."
Dr P. B. Kennedy, Reno, Nev. — "Begonias."
Fred. Holman, Portland, Or.— "Rose-Growing
in Oregon."
Section 3.
• Thomas Compton, Montecito— "Hardiness of
Palms."
Dr. F. Franceschl, Santa Barbara— "Hardy
Ornamental Bamboos and GrasseB."
. .Edmund D. Sturtevant, Los Angeles— "Water
Gardening in California."
Mrs. H. P. Tricou, San Francisco— "Cacti for
Amateurs."
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford University
—"How. Plants Think."
Section 4. >
Professor J. A. Balmer, Pullman, Wash. —
"Growing Cut Flowers in the Northwest." .• ,
Sidney Clack, Menlo Park— "Bulbous- Stock
for Florists" Use." . -
.. - Miss Kate O. Sessions, San Diego — "Demands
of the Flower Trade in San Diego."
I John H. Slevers, San Francisco — "Carnations
Under Glass."
John' Gill, West Berkeley— "Field Grown
Roses for the Trade."
F. Ludemann, San Francisco — "Culture of
Azalias and Rhododendrons."
George P. Jones, San Francisco— "The Cut-
Flower Supply of San Francisco." . . • '
Good Place for the Show.
. The nave of the Ferry building, which
Is tendered free of charge to the Floral
Society, by the Ferry Commissioners, is
better adapted to the purposes of, the
show than any location the society has
been able to obtain heretofore.
A floor space 50 feet wide and BOO feet
long gives ample room for the proper dis
play of plants and flowers and affords
Pacific States; Floral Congress (Jpens U uesday. and the C^aMornia
Society's Big SKow Will Begin Thursday in Ferry Building.
The militia has been ordered to report
on board of the Marion at 1 o'clock on
Tuesday afternoon. • . .
Three men have been discharged from
Troop A on account x>f removal and three
-for the good of' the .service.' •• -¦ ¦
Major Cruzon has been detailed In
spector of rifle 'practice on' the brigade
staff of the Second .Brigade,- •- ¦ ..•- 1. - •
George Stump nai been appointed ser
geant major and stiff orderly on the Sec
ond Brigade staff, vice' Crosby, resigned. .
The following appointments have been
made in the Naval Militia:: Dr. George
E. Goodfellow, to be chief surgeon, with
-the rank of lieutenant commander;' Dr.
St. Clalr Beadles of San Diego, to be as-
Eistant surgeon at that point, with the
rank of lieutenant, junior grade; Douglass
White, to be fleet paymaster,, with the
rank of lieutenant commander; C. R. Ahl
berger, to be parsed assistant paymaster,
with the rank of lieutenant, and B. J.
Louis, to be assistant paymaster, with the
rank of ensign.
. The Naval Militia will have a cruise this
summer, so Captain Nerney has been ad
vised by the Navy Department at "Wash
ington. This will be held as soon as -Ad
miral Casey can make arrangements for
a ship. It is possible the militia men /will
be taken on either the Philadelphia or the
Iowa. s £
Cruzon a Bine Inspector.
Captain James H. Jordan has been ap
pointed on the regimental examining
board, vice Captain George J. Petty, de
tached from the regiment. First Lieuten
ant L. F. Guedet has been appointed on
the same board, vice Lieutenant H. E.
Cruzon, promoted major on the Second
Brigade staff.
¦ Upon recommendation of the regimental
board the following appointments have
been made from Company E: Michael J.
Dwyer. Stafford B. Freer and James R.
Murphy, to be sergeants; Edward Grono
sky, John Nolan, Theodore Larsen, Ernest
Ewig and Frank Tully, to be corporals.
Twenty-two enlisted men have been dis
charged from the regiment since the Issu
ance of previous orders. ¦
The Fifth Regiment has been ordered
to parade on Tuesday with the escort to
the President. Troop A, cavalry, and the
signal corps have also been ordered to
parade for escort duty.
Albert C. Adler of Company L has been
appointed commissary on the staff of
Colonel O'Neil, with the rank of captain.
A petition has been sent from the First
Infantry for a new company for the regi
ment to make it a three-battalion regi
ment of three companies each. The peti
tion sets forth that there are ready to
join the new company ftfty-flve men,
all.. veterans of the war In the Philippines.
It is expected a reply will be received this
week. . . T '
Regimental . orders were issued yester
day for the regiment to parade next Tues
day and act as part of the escort to tlie
President of the United States.
A Company of Veterans.
The school of instruction for "non
corns" recently started is being continued
In the armory under the supervision , of
Lieutenant Colonel Connolly.'- The officers
for whose benefit the" school Is open are
attenlive and have' already profited, mate
rially. The effect of the instruction re
ceived is apparent at drill, for now all
movements by the. npn-commissioned of
ficers are executed precisely the same in
each company. The company attendance
at drill in the past two months has also
improved. . . Last week no company had
•less than fOrty'men at roll call.' *
The two-story building adjoining on the
east the armory of, the First Regiment of
Infantry, at Page tind Gough streets, has
been secured as headquarters for the reg
iment and is being altered "to meet the
wants of the officers. A large room Is
being fitted upon the ground floor for the
colonel and his staff. On the upper floor
there will be a room for the line officers,
and in therear will;be. a special office for
the use of. Jthe regimental adJutantK;The
old floors are being taken up and 'hard
wood will replace them, while the walls
will be finished In wood In natural col
ors. It is proposed to have In these head
quarters when they are "finished l^ceuihs
for the officers and lectures on every
branch of war and military tactics by of
ficers of the United States army, as -well
as by officers of the regiment. Such ly
ceums were held while the First was in
the Philippines, and it was found that the
information imparted *was of the greatest"
value to those who attended.
Increased Accommoda
tions at Page-Street
Armory.
Men of the Naval Militia
Are Advanced in;
Graded - C
HEADQUARTERS
FOR THE "FIRST"
Edward A. McKay, secretary of the I
firm of McKay & Co., lumber dealers,
was found dead in his room yesterday
irerning and under conditions which lead
to tfaa belief that he committed suicide.
Carbolic acid was found in the dead man's
stomach and a half empty bottle of the
corrosive poison was discovered under a
washstand in- the room. Thus far no rea
son has been irfven why the man should
Jiavc destroyed his life. . ' ¦ . .
McKay resided at 712 Shotwell street
He was found dead by his sister, Mrs.
LopBie, ¦fc-hen she went to call him, that
paper-hangers might commence the work
of renovating his .rpom, . . ¦¦
Cororrer's Deputies Flynn and Smith In
vestigated the case, and while there was
no ii.dicaiion that the man had drank
carbolic acid, still the presence of the bot
tle was suspicious. Coroner Leland at
ence ordered the body to the Morgue and
an autopsy performed. Dr. Bacigalnpi
found carbolic acid in the stomach and
ihe Question of poisoning was settled.
McKay was 41 years of age. So far as
Is known his business affairs were in good
condition. The only plausible reason for
the suicide is that the man destroyed his
jife while intoxicated. He bad been drink
ing heavily of late and was drunk when
he came home Friday night.
Lumberman Supposed to
Have Drank Deadly
Poison.
Edward A. McKay Found
Dead by His Sister at
His Residence.
CARBOLIC ACID
ENDS HIS LIFE
GAS AND GLASS
IN THE TRUST
Syndicate to Absorb
Numerous Indiana
#v 'Companies;
Great Plow Factory in Illi-
V; nois Ready to Enter
v Combine. .
ANDERSON. Ind.. May 11.— It is assert
ed here to-day that the Deiterlcht syndi
cate ,ar.d the American Window Glass
Company; have formed a pool to absorb
all- pfv'the.; large natural gas companies of!
Indiana." The syndicate the prin- j
clpal' source of gas supply for several clt- ]
ies inVihe gas belt and surrounding it,
while . the glass company has for six
mbntlis~«ln the year more gas than it can
use^irVJtstihirty factories in Indiana.
Thfe^reported scheme now Is to consoli
date 1 all riines of the gas company and
the glass,' syndicate, to increase the supply
at aome];weak points in the gas belt and
control rates for residences In various cit
ies. The sale of the North Anderson Land
and CJas Company to-day to the Amerl- |
can Window Glass Company gives the
syndicate and gas company sole control
of two-thirds of the gas consumed in and
aroiind this citv. Similar deals are re
ported..under way at'Marlon, Muncle, El
wood. Hartford City and Kokomo.
MOLINE, 111., May 11.— The Moline Plow
Company, 1 owning the second largest plow
factory in" the world, has given an option*
to New York capitalists, which, if closed
within the limit of sixty days, will bring
this concern into the $50,000,000 plow com- '
bine and -make sure of its success. The :
company employs 1000 men a*d the option
Is for upward of $5;000,000. The company
has opposed the trust, but will sell rather
than fight it.
C-H.-. Deere, president of the Deere Com
pany; slated for the presidency of the
combine, says that the stock panic has not
affected the plans of the trust, as feared,
and he- considers the organization of the
new company assured. No other farm im
plements but plow3 and related HneB will,
be made. by the combine, of which Moline
will probably.be the chief manufacturing
point.;- . ; .V: ¦ -. .' .•'-.¦ '
EXPOSITION MEN
MAY WALK OUT
Serious Trouble Brewing
at the Buffalo
Sho'w.
Machinists in Kansas City
and Chicago Demand
Neyr Schedule.
BUFFALO. May 11.— Another attempt
made this evening to erect booths In the
Manufactures and Liberal Arts bulletins
at the Pan-American grounds with lum
ber | from non-union- • mills . has again
brought on a crisis between the;, unions
and the exposition officials. It was be
lieved when the men who struck yester
day returned to work this morning that
the matter had been adjusted. !j To-night,
however, the mill owners whose lumber
was removed from the grounds this morn
ing returned with a force of men and be
gan the erection of a bor.th tor which they
had a contract with an exhibitor. Word
waa at once sent to Director General Bu
chanan, who ordered the work stopped.
A meeting of the Building Trades Coun
cil was called to discuss the situation.
It was decided that unless the lumber i3
removed from the grounds forthwith
every man employed on the Manufactures
building will be called out. If this action
does not result in the removal of the "un
fair" lumber, as the union men term*it.
the leaders threaten to call out every man
emplcyed on the grounds. •^-¦".."••. •
KANSAS CITY. May 11.— Between 400
and 500 union machinist* and blacksmiths
employed by engine and machine manu
facturers of Kansas City struck to-day
for a nine-ho^r day and an. Increase of
12*2 per cent In wages. The strikers' com
mittee in a statement issued to-:day say:
"The strike is not local. On the 20th of
May. If the demands of the machinists
are'not acceded to. every union machinist
in the United States, Canada and Mexico
will walk out. Tbe trouble goes back a
year or more, when the international
tody of machinists made an agreement
with the National Metal Trades Associa
tion .whereby, on November. , 20. the ten
hour da v was to be cut to nine and a
half hours, and on May 20 this year to
nine hoyrs. Kansas City merely takes
the Initiative. The walkout will occur all
over the country if the National Metal
Trades Association dees not concede the
points we demand." .-- -
The strike was precipitated by a local
firm discharging four union men.
: CHICAGO. May 11.— Eight hundred
members of the Machinists' Union to
night decided to demand of the National
: Metal Manufacturers' Association, an in-
I crease of 12% per cent on the existing
scale of wases. The new scale Is to be
come effective Mav 20. on which date the
law of the machinists making nine hours
a day's work will go into operation
throughout the country.
The decision reached to-night affects
C500 men in and around Chicago. There Is
no likelihood of a strike because oZ an
agreement of the men v/ith. the bosses
which makes arbitration compulsory.
AMERICAN; GIBIi TO WED
A COUNT OF HUNGARY
Mass Mary Edwards Is Engaged to a
Chamberlain of the Austrian .
Emperor.
NEW YORK, May 11.— An interesting
international engagement' *was formally
announced in Nftw York to-day— that of
M133 Mary Ganzevoort Edwards, daughter
of MfJ and Mrs. Lewis Edwards of Gene
see, to Count Franz Wenckhelm of Hun
gary. Miss Edwards is a niece of Mrs.
James V7, Gerard of this city, whose
guest she now is, and a grand-da.ughter
of the late B. F. Angel of Genesee, one
time United States Minister to Sweden.
Count Wenckheim owns a historic castle
near Budapest, and is a Magnate of the
Upper House of Hungary, Chamberlain
to the Pope and also to the Emperor of
Austria. He is a cousin of Count Zichy,
who married the beautiful Mrs. Mabel
"Wright-Ysnaga,
Miss Edwards is an heiress. ' Her family
owned the Fall Brook 'Railroad and the
coal mines recently sold to the New York
Central system for a great sum. She
met her fiance last summer while at Aix
les Bains. The wedding will probably be
celebrated in August at Bar , Harbor,
where Mrs. Gerard has taken a place for
the summer. . ,
EMBASSADORS ABE WBOTH
AT VIOLATION OF 1IATLS
CONSTANTINOPLE. May 11.— The Ger
man, "Austrian, French, and Britten. F.m
bassadors promptly sent back the Porte'g
reply to' their representations on the sub
ject of the Turkish seizure of the foreign
mails owins to the offensive allegations
that the foreign postofflces facilitated
smuggling. Pending a settlement of the
question embassy couriers are taking the
European mails to and from the Buiga
rian frontier. ?.; ¦',-:
LOVERS OF FLOWERS WILL GATHER
TO TALK AND VIEW RARE EXHIBITS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 12, ,1901.
perfect ventilation and light.
F. A. Miller, chairman of the commit
tee of arrangements and manager of the
exhibition, has done much hard work to
make the show the best of the -sort ever
given in California. His committee in
making up the premium list decided to
admit three classes of exhibitors—profes
sional growers, amateurs and dealers. In
addition to a comprehensive and valuable
regular premium list many ..special pre
miums will be given by individuals,' among
which are the following:
'Mrs. V. K. Maddox'gold medal for the best
white rose plant In bloom: Colonel Andrews
gold medal for the best collection of cut car
nations, open to amateurs only; California Op
tical Company's silver medal for the best cut
blooms of American beauty roses, open to all;
.society's gold .medal for the best general dis
play of potted plants, open to professional
growers only; society's irold medal for best
general display of cut flowers and plants, open
to dealers only; society's gold medal for best
general display of cut flowers and plants,
open to amateurs only: J. W. Wallace silver
medal for -the best exhibit of -forest mosses.
All articles for competition must be
properly entered and.be ready for exami
nation by 1 o'clock on the opening day. of,
23
ADVESTISEMENTS.
The Mootezuma Mining Co.
- OF WASHINGTOX.
RELATIVE IMPORTANCE OF
MONTEZUMA PRODUCTS
S 24 MINES S 1
5; 10 TO 36 PER CENT COPPER. r>
2000 ACRES J
§ 14 VEINS COKINC AND 3"
o BLACKS VTITHINC ' OAL J"
90 1-2 PER CENT CARBON
The Monteruma will bear any test, of which
we will pay the co*t. It offers exceptional op-
portunity lor profitable Investment. Ask'loe
prospectus. Read the company's report in to-
day's classified columns.
Join our Excursion to Seattle, Taccma ¦
and ihe Mines. ' -
Leaves San Francisco June 15 in special train
of Pullman Sleeping Cars. ;:.-*•>•
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO
Selling Agents,
31O Safe Depos.t Building
¦ Corner California and Montgomery Streets,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAU
POR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
-^ Eich Valley Land in Ma-
' dera Count?.
For particulars address FARM,. 313 Market
6t.. San Francisco.
V |>urely vegetable, mild end reliable. Cause
Jtetiecx digestion, complete absorption ' and
-tfeitfiful rejularity.
For the cure of all fllaorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Uowei<». Kidney*. Bladder. Female Ir-
rtru larities. SJck Headache. Biliousness. Con-
ttipation. Piles and all deranKraments of . the
Internal Vlecera. 25e a box. At DruRgists. or
t;~ maU. RADWAY & CO.. New York.
HS " i^-^^^'iji'iuiiPjmiiiimiiii nil Jfih B^f^ J7S ff^S 9 * $£ £T* ff^S^Hl&^&J^ lltS I^^aD fiy^y Rjp
l^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^K' siois3ns because they are |
l^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S tf-fr® best known rsm&tiy for g|
B^^^^^^^^^ S^^"^^^^^^^ I^^^^^^^^^P i "While more common m cold, changeable climates, it is by no ||
H W%m tS^y-^*>^^^^^^^^^^^^S^ means confined to them, but is prevalent in every state and m
m ' 1 ' 4^^^^^^§S^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^i the head, which if long neglected often destroys the sense of ||
H ' f^^I^^^V^'*^^^^^^^^P^^^^i^^fe smell and hearings but there arc many other forms of the ig|
I i f! Ar\%;l $ igj*sj&|yl .% : -r<^k^^ V-a it g ¦ washes and powders arc useless as far as reaching 1 the real seat Hi
| -^^l^^^^^iftfci &^iik I ''Sf^'Tff? Is^ililp*' . f * c^ vernc y advises catarrh sufferers to use a new O.;
•^ ' ' P^P^^ 00 * wld ty called Stuarfs Catarrh Tablets, m
' iiSf . ¦ 11 ' 1 rM ' actual analysis has shown these tablets to contain cer- g|
¦ ¦% 'Oil? '^k^^^^^^^^^^S* ' * a * n anti ' sc P tic qualities of the highest value and feeing an in- jjc^j
'J eS^^^^^^^S^^^ ??li. f ' ij HI ternal remedy, pleasant to the taste, convenient and harmless, lj-
liS^^^^^^fc^S^»^^.> .{hl^^ai^^^^^^^^ 1 can be used as freely as required, as well for children 'a*. for p
| : :-' ; S4gP^^^^^^^^^^^^S' - ' my head and throat and hang on all winter long: and every £|i
t P^^^^^^eP^^^^^^^^~\^^*>^^^^^fe^^^^^^^^- winter it seemed to get a little worse. I was contihaally dear- f£
| j^^^^^Sp^'^f^^^y V • „-<$• * ng m7 t* 1 * 0 ** *&& m ? vo^ became effected , to such' an eztrnt £|
I ¦^f'tlS^^5i^^^K;:S A ? \v\ X^SS*' I tried troches and cheap cough 'cures and sometimes jjoJ i
i] f|w%^^^g^?f W^jg? m %&^®». tttici, but only for a short time, until this winter -when. I 1
| |M^^^^^S^^ if - -i^pM fto.j. ; AMfe^« learned of 'the new catarrh cure, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, HJ
t liSfe^S^iJ^'^X^ V^1^B^^ through a newspaper advertisement. Two fifty cent bozes ml
]-^;^^^V^4%,- --^^w^^^a s^'^ "^V m*si$&*" Jp^fjf which I bought at my druggists, cleared, my head and throat
M y£ r ~~ r " ¦ ' ¦ nt s h a P e an^ *° Jf^ard against a return of my old trouble j£§j
v| '¦- %i'^:$JI:S^^^^^^^^^^^M \ «^fe^^^%Sy ¦ little cold I take a tablet or two and ward off any serious sip
¦' ' ? %^lM^?jiiM^^M^i^p^^^^ because unlike many other catarrh and cough cures these tab- %%On the third day the students will have
a field day, and a capable committee
Is at work on this, preparing a fine pro
gTamme of athletic events. All these
things are attracting great attention and
it is expected there will be a very large
attendance. . '¦:>*.-: ..
The second day will be devoted to those
who were graduated from the institution
in years past, and there will be a banquet
and addresses by distinguished men, past
graduates. It is hoped that the corner
stone for .the . new college will be laid.
This depends on the securing of the nec
essary additional land by Father Mc-
Kenna. •
The first week in June will witness very
impressive ceremonies at Santa Clara Col
lege in honor of its founding fifty years
ago. In connection with this a local cele
bration was held last March, but the June
celebration will be of a wider scope and
more important character. Great prepara
tions have been .made for it ajid strongr
committees appointed, covering different
departments. On the opening day Arch
bishop- Ribrdan will celebrate mass and
there will be other religious ceremonies.
Famous Institution Making
: Ready to Celebrate
Founding.
• ¦-
Santa Clara College Pre
pares for Impressive
Ceremonies.
WILL PRODUCE
PASSION PLAY
The case of Louis F. Glass, manager of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, charged with violating the. tele
phone ordinance by using more than five
wires on a party line, was dismissed by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday on motion of
Attorney Regensburger for the complain
ing witness. Supervisor McCarthy. The
reason for the action of the. prosecution
was that an individual could not be
charged with the offense but rather the
corporation. A new warrant will there
fora be issued.
Party Line Telephones.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
H. S. Mallory against F. E.. Mallory
for cruelty and Vivlana McMenaman
against Daniel McMenaman for desertion.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Nearly 400 members were present at the
meeting-, and it was decided to open the
charter roll for two weeks, after which
time the entrance fee will be _ $25. "Some
twenty-five members were admitted.
Engineers Open Roll.
The International Union of Steam Engi
neers has elected they following officers:
President, E. P. Bockjus; vice president,
J. Byers; recording secretary, W. T. Bon
ney; financial secretary. J- W. McDer
mott; treasurer, W. Ai Griffin; conductor,
A. H. Ewell; guard. A.' 1 J. Moore; auditors
— F, H. Ely, J. W. Hubber and C. Bankey.
COLUMBIA -MINSTBELS IN .,-. ,_
% "> ; A CLEVER PERFORMANCE
Popular Amateur Organization Suc
cessfully Bsgins Week's Run T
• _ > at Alhambra.
Applause was frequent and encores nu
merous at the opening performance last
nightof a week's run to be given by the
Columbia Minstrel;, Company In the Al
hambra Theater. A j clever programme,
replete with the inevitable coon songs,
was rendered cy a number of well-known
amateurs, ' who" have achieved some dis
tinction in their several lines. The first
part was well staged* and was composed
of thirty boys dressed in "Tommy Atkins"
costume and twenty-five, young men, in
cluding eight end men in relays of four, in
the circle presided over by George Cheney
as interlocutor.
The end men are W. W. Brackett, Elton
Lambert. Lloyd Spencer, C. H. Callene,
Clarence Freed, Ed Hogan, Denny Jordan
and G. H. de Pue. Some of their jokes
are original and others aboriginal, but
they are all well told. Lloyd Spencer won
the house with his singing of a comic
song, "Just a Little Bit Off . the Top."
The sentimental singers are George Che
ney. Walter Wilson; Walter Kneiss and
P. A. Dunworth, and their selections are
all pleasing to the ear.
The second part wasfmade up of banjo
selections by E. J. Appleby, Forrest and
Montague in a cakewalk, Al Heslop in
character studies, Higgins and Fletcher
in buck and wing dancing. William Stern,
the phenomenal barytone; Elton Lambert
in "La Paloma" and J. Warren Keene.
the modern wizard.
There will be a matinee this afternoon
and performances every night for the rest
of the week. . . ' ' '"
Knowlton. is well known in this city and
was formerly captain of the Veteran
Guards. At one time he held a position in
the local' mint. ..- \
When the complaint was sworn to by
J. '• H. Doolittle yesterday before Judge
Mogan'.bail wasifixed in the sum of $2000.
The ¦ complaint charged Knowlton with
having embezzled $120 in June. 1900, this
sum being the largest single amount he is
alleged to have stolen. Captain of Detec
tives Seymour, on receiving the warrant,
telegraphed to • the ' police authorities at
Watsonville to arrest Knowlton.
The .business- of the hotel was Incor
porated two years ago owing to the Ill
ness of Colonel Ira W. Doolittle, who died
two months ago. The stock was owned by
Colonel Doolittle and his son, J, H. Doo
little.... : .... • ¦
-Knowlton married in 1869. He has two
daughters living, his only son having re
cently died. One of the daughters is mar
riedrto Captain Lyman Welch of the reg
ular army and is now with her husband in
Manila. The other daughter, Miss Grace
Knowlton, resides with her mother at the
St. Nicholas, Hotel.
complete" examination of the books was
made it would be impossible to tell the
exact 'amount of the shortage.
yr% rrr AJOR JOSEPH KNOWLTON.
fWll cashier and confidential man of
// W \\ the St - Nicholas Hotel, at Mar-
A. V JJL ket and Hayes street, is. ac
cused of having ¦' stolen $23,000
belonging to the Doolittle corporation dur r
ing the 'last seven years and a- warrant
was sworn out yesterday for his arrest on
the complaint of J. H. Doolittle/ manager
of the hotel. >
Knowlton is a brother-in-law of Doollt|
tie, being married to the latfer's sister.
In Grand Army circles and in railroad of
fices Knowltonis well known . ....."
When Colonel Ira W. Doolittle took pos
session of the St. Nicholas Hotel in July)
1894,. he placed his son-in-law, Knowlton;
in the position of cashier. Knowlton for
many years was connected . with the"
Southern Tacific Railroad Company and
was at one time ticket agent in the Bald
win Hotel and also traveling passenger
agent.' When his relations .with the road
were terminated he was given a position
by Colonel Doolittle at the latter's hotel
in Woodland and afterward came with
Doolittle to the St. Nicholas. • - '
For seven years Knowlton has ! handled
all the funds of the St. Nicholas and not
until ten days ago did his peculations
come to light. Knowlton was fond of high
living, but his honesty was never .ques
tioned. *
Toward the end of last month Knowlton
went on a prolonged spree and his broth
er-in-law determined that his erring rela
tive must leave the hotel. Doolittle re
ceived the consent of his mother, Mrs. Ira
W. Doolittle, that Knowlton should be dis
missed. On asking Knowlton for a settle
ment of his accounts Doolittle was in
formed that there might be a slight>short
age. Knowlton's hint was the clue that
led to the expertinjr of his books and the
startling discovery was made that the
cashier had carried on a system of pecu
lation" for seven years, the total of his
defalcation reaching $23,000. ' . .
Refused to I*r?ave the Country.
The books showed that Knowlton owed
more than $S00 in "bar tags'.' and when he
was asked to make this good he refused
to do so. When Mrs. Doolittle and h*r
son learned of the gross deception played
by Knowlton it was decided to give him
a chance to leave the country," but h'e de
fiantly decided to remain. He went to
Watsonville, where his. relatives live, and
negotiations were carried on between At
tornev Meyer Jacobs, representing the
Doolittles and the accused, man. Knowl
ton admitted his crime but refused to take
any steps toward restitution. He refused
to turn over to his wife and daughters his
interest in his father's and sister's estates,
amounting to $2000. but deeded these inter
ests to other parties. <:
Again Knowlton was given a^ chance to
leave the country, but he refused to do s-q,
and yesterday Mrs. Doolittle and her son
decided that he should be arrested and
punished for his offenses.
The system by which Knowlton defraud
ed the St. Nicholas Hotel was to make
false entries in the cash book when post
ing the items of receipts from the daily
cash blotter. ¦ The experts have so far
discovered more than 1000 false entries,
ranging • from $20 to 5120. The difference
between the genuine /and . false entries
went into Knowlton's pockets and it, Is
known to his relatives that the money was
spent in riotous living:.
. Mrs. Knowlton is prostrated with fe-rief
at the disgrace brought upon her by her
husband and her brother and mothfr also
bitterly grieve over the offenses of thuir
relative. " ¦¦¦
Defalcation May' Reach $5O,OOO.
It was stated at the St. Nicholas Hotel
yesterday that Knowlton's defalcations
might reach the sum of $50,000 and until a
MAJOR JOSEPH KNOWLTON, LATE CASHIER OF THE ST. NICHOLAS
HOTEL, WHO IS ACCUSED OF HAVING STOLEN MANY. "THOUSANDS
OF DOLLARS^ PHOTO "BY BUS HNELL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, v MA Xi IS?? lyoi.
An old bachelor^ says that' warm love
melts'- fewer feminine hearts than cold
Wrapper's Oil'cures rheumatism and. neuralgia.'
DruBBists,.50c flask. Kicharda & Co., 406 Clay.*
In. a. recent first exhibition* of _ the first
scene, now . completed, I the " curtain rose
upon a view of the plains of Bethlehem,
with the city of the holy nativity sleep
ing in the distance on the hillside.' A
bright moon shone out and gradually sank
away behind the hill:- a pale blue light
suffused' the stage like an afterglow, and
then the stars came out, and the star of
Bethlehem, with almost majestic realism,
grew in,, power and seemed to cast' rays
over a tiny cottage in the far • distance,
proclaiming the birth of the Savior. This
scene holds one spellbound.- * ' t . -•¦
. Owing to :the scope of tho work and the
interest it has excited there has been- a
great demand for, tickets. It was at first
intended -to issue complimentary tickets,
but the cost has been so large that a small
admission, fee will- be ¦ charged. ? In fact,
the requests for tickets would have re
quired a house many times; the capacity
of. the theater. In order to add strength
to the cast several of the graduates of the
institution have been prevailed upon to
take part. The District Attorney of Santa
Clara County, James H. Campbell, will
create the character, of King Herod; Clay
M. Greene, the author/will enact the part
of Dathian, the tempter of Judas, and
others now prominent in business and pro- •
fessionol' life, whose names ..will , be an- j
nounced first on the programme, will take
part. S There will be special, train service
from this, city during , the jubilee and on
the evenings of the "Passion Play."
Kenna early entered into correspondence j
with. Clay M. Greenq pn this subject, and
that well known at once be
came- much interested in it. As ¦ the i
plans matured tjie enthusiasm 'grew, so j
that finEully it was resolved to give the
ulay'jn the best possible manner, although
it v/ould involve a. large outlay. Only by
a visit to the college theater can one real
ize the magnitude of the* work.- Even in
Its preparatory stage it has occasioned no
liitle surprise at . the costly scenery and
accessories. And the mental effort to
train more, than 100 people so as^to per
form their I parts with sufficient power,
dignity ¦ and impressiveness is far greater
than would be required in the. production
of an ordinary play. 3Vtr. Greene .is giv
ing the preparation his personal attention
and is greatly assisted by. the enthusiasm
of 'nil wno are to take part.
Michael' O'Sullivan,' a well-known scenic
artist, has already been two months upon
the paint frame and his department is al
most ready for public approval. The en
tire stage of the theater has been remod
eled, so that there will be no delay in
shifting, and .to accommodate the many
scenes all the modern improvements in
stage mechanism were rendered neces
sary. The electric lighting arrangements
to enhance scenic effects are thorough.
HOTEL CASHIER ACCUSED
OF STEALING THOUSANDS
Major Joseph ., Knowlton of the "St. Nicholas
Is Accused of Embezzling $23,000.
Excepting the plans for a new college,
the greatest Interest Is being 1 taken In the
production of. the "Passion Play." Father
24
ADVEE.TISEMENTS. _'___.
CDFr^I it I C
oFCvIALo
THISWEEK
45-Inch ALL- WOOL CREPE GRANITE CLOTH,
a new fancu weave for summer wear? all
the fashionable shades;
Price $5.oo Dress Pattern.
Best auaiitu ALL-SILK WASHABLE FLAN-
NEL, in all the leading shades, also Dolka
dots, 1 full 21 inches wide)
. Price $l.oo Yard.
47-inch SILK AND WOOL CREPE DE CHINE,
in shades of Mode, Reseda, Pastel Blue,
Violet, Old .Rose, Grau and Garnet]
£p| Price $2.oo Yard.
SILK TAFFETA RIBBON, 31 inches wide] in
hoth changeable andulain] all the latest
shades] ' Price 15c Yard.
FANCY STRIPED MERCERIZED MOREEN
. SKIRTS, extra width, with accordeon
\ Bleated flounces, 1 veru Jine aualitu]
Price $2.50 Each.
FINE WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, full size
and assorted borders] 6 pounds in weight]
Price $5 00 Pair.
IRISH POINT CURTAINS (in Cream onlu),
full length and width, with fast lock
stitch edges? Price $4. 00 Pair.
LADIES 1 FINE BLACK COTTON HOSE, double
soles, heels and toes] Dure Hermsdorff dpei
25c Pair.
JUST OPENED—
An elegant line of NEW BELT BUCKLES,
HAIR BROOCHES, PERSIAN TRIMMINGS,
FEATHER BOAS and BRAID TRIMMINGS.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
.¦-¦/' % -¦'¦ * ¦ * ¦
SPECIAL
GLOVE SALE
This XA/&&U.
N. B.— It will pay you to cut this
out and investigate.
65c
LADIES' TWO-CLASP WASH
CHAMOIS GLOVKS In mode, gray,
buff, pearl and white. Every pair
fitted to the hand." Regular value
one dollar.
74c
LADIES* * TWO-CLASP, extra
quality, DRESSED KID GLOVKS
In black, white, gray, mode, tan.~
brown and red. "We speciallv rec-
ommend this Une for fit, wear and
finish.
MOSS' GLOVE STORE
1210 MARKET STREET,
¦ Between Taylor and Jone3.
Headquarters for Ladles", Men's,
Misses' and Boys' Glove3. . .¦
-;. : : \ ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦",. '. "_
' .AXNXD
Standing now upon the threshold of the Presi-
dent's reception, an event for which we have been
preparing for months, iue can review with pride
the beautiful ideas, the beautiful things that we
are showing in our juvenils department.
The products of this department have been our
study and care for months. We have been prepar-
ing. America's best designers- have been at worh
upon our apparel for juveniles— chaste, refined
American fashions for big and little cha/pi.
0 «S«^I'fr*I~I"I"I"I"I"I"«"I~frI'fr'I''I''I"I'4'*I~»^ ©
The nnirtest designers of ntin's fishions — chaste, pure, re~
fined, f zshion- f jtp-tt -he-ini'vivie fashions, are being
tshmen in both suits and tpvrcQa** for nvzn.
0 4*4~I~i~I*y*I''I"»'V'l~I"l**«''«"**v'«"«**I"«'vv ®
The swell ideas in haberdashery; exzlusiv i styles, exclu-
sive fashions in shirtings, ivckzvear and the things that go to
niiht vp good dressing are. in our haberdashery d->pxrbminb.
• •
Th", cleverest ideas it Hits. Al', 1h- nzw blcc'a ihbibh stiff
and, soft will be ready for r/ou Mond'iy.
A 4^4^^I~!^^^^^^^^^'I•'^•^^^•I~^y^"I•^^^^^^'^'^'^'^¦'^^^•?"»"I*•^'^'^'^^^'^^^'«"^'^•^*I"^'I'*^'I'•I^^I••I*•I* ©
B'lorc wz picture the House th it is known and favor-,
ably knoiv.i to ths smartest dresssrs throughout the land.
¦ ¦ ¦ ' |
'¦ $ Incorporated Union Square Ave.
Send for Our New Catalogue.
iTailoMnade Suits,
New Dress Skirts,
New Shirt Waists.
"^fet To Unsd who
/UrS com8 t0 ** an
1&$ Francisco dur-
T>?£ . In? the Presl-
f)^ni dentlal -visit we
/A \t « su rewt the ad-
// x>Jk vlsabIIIt y of ex *
/J nZy\ amlnlng the very
qf I \ I fine assorlment
\ I I of above goads
V / i we now show. $
y I REMEMBER,
| yh \ we arj exclu-
I /^% vS&sA sh/ely dealers
I I" blaclc goods,
I th3 best assortment In San Franclsc?.
i THE BLACKGOODS HOUSE
> 1106 Market Street.
! TELBfHOflB SOUTH 472.
f R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
DR.MCOTLTY.
rfHIS WELL-KNOWN AND KKLIA BLE OLD ,
JL Specialist cotm Blood Poison, Gonorrhcea.GIeet.
Stricture, Seminal Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, fre*.
Ov<»r20years' exper>ence. Terms reasonable. Hour*,
0to3dally ;6:30to3.30ev'ga. Sunday*. 10 to 12. Conr.ul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Can or address
P. RO8COE 3Ie\TLTY, 3I.D.
2GJi KearnySt., San Francisco, CcJ*
Just received, an entirely new line of elegant Davenports, in ('
mahogany, oak and cherry,* upholstered in beautiful shades of /
v * heavy, brocaded plush, clipper spring-edge. We are offering these
1 exquisite pieces of furniture at 'the unheard of price of $50.00. We \
1 „ pay. no rent, so we give you the entire. benefit of our saving, vou '
see. You can save- iust as much on anything in the housefur- 1
1 nishing line here. We carry an immense stock. Four floors filled' >
V with everj'.thinpr, you can possibly want or use in the house. ,
THEJ.N0ONAN FURNITURE CO., /«c..(i
IG17-1023 Missian Street, above Sixth, Sun Francisco. • /
• ¦ Close every night, except Saturdays and the' day preceding holidays, at 6 o'clock sharp. i
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Highest Honors
Have been conferred and diplomas awarded by
the Faculties of Five Leading Optical College^
to Mr. Geo. Mayerle, the German Expert
Optician, 1071% Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
f. The President's Letter :
i George . Mayerle — Dear - Sir: The faculty Is
highly pleased with the SPLENDID MANNER
In which you have succeededtin passing the ex-
amination. Tou have been awarded diploma
conferring the Doctor of Ophthalmology degree.
The faculty considers that you fully merit this
high honor, as the examinations Imposed were
of such a character as to thoroughly determine
your fitness to follow the noble profession you
have chosen. Very truly yours,
WILLIAM F. CATHCART, M. T>.,
President of the American College of Ophthal-
mology.
Neglected Eyesight Affects the Brain.
Ths Wrong Glasses Will Bnin the
Strongest Eyes.
MATERLE'S GLASSES STRENGTHEN THE
EYE AND BRAIN.
Mayerle's glasses are far superior to all
others tor reading or distance, weak eyes, poor
Eight, headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision,
floating spots, pain about the eyes,, behind the
head or temples, nervousness, sore eyes, dis-
charging eyes, feeling like sand In the eyes,
cross eyes, burning, smarting, itching, scratch-
ing, twitching, gluey or discharging eyes,
heavy eyelids, etc. Mayerle's glasses rest the
eyes, strengthen -.the optic nerve and preserve
the sight. Mayerle's glasses are now used by
the highest United States Army, Navy and
Government officials.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German Expert Opti-
cian (German Optical Institute): also graduate
AMERICAN COLLEGE OF OPHTHALMOL-
OGY, (Charter Member American Association
of Opticians.) '
1O71J4 Market Street :
(Opposite Hibernia Bank, San Franciscwr Cal.)
Persons ordering glasjes by mall should state
their age; also, whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or Loth, and what price.
Consultation. Examination and Advice Free.
Telephone, South 572. Open Evenings Until 9.
German Eyewater, 50 Cents.
CUT THIS OUT.
W\e free is ifjc/iqedji
1 : ' M%0W A finer assortment of Chil- M
B >S<y dren's, Misses' and Boys' gl
B \jj\ J^^r Shoes could not be cotten to- gl
m fu^fai^^w gethcr than the one at our Eh
H' Ew/P&Z^W • store. Here the little folk re- Bi
H r/y%%Sjr ' • ceive tne sam e attention as the M
y f//s</f older ones. Children's shoes ffl
U M/s^^w should be fitted with great. care, and our . • M
H 0/ / %£^r specially constructed -orthopedic lasts .j. H,
M /j^^^g are appreciated by every wistful mother. . . H
1 1^/ / There is style and snap, as well as ||
§3 m//£^sM wear in our shoes for children— if vou m
wLm/s&'/M want to start your child arijrht ; brine IJSAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 12, 1901.
- . - - -..-..-.¦ - - ' ¦ . ' - - . . . - ¦ - ¦ ¦----. ¦ • . - - .-^ - . -^ ¦• . ,. r - . - - - : - ¦-
SOME OF THE DISTINGUISHED CITIZENS OF / OHIO WHO ARRIVED , YESTERDAY. AND WILL, TAKE PART IN
¦ THE LAUNCHING NEXT S ATURDAY r OF THE ! BIG BATTLESHIP THAT ¦ IS TO BE NAMED AFTER \ THE
BUCKEYE STATE, ; \)fff^ ', - vyV ¦_ . / !^|^ S^ I &$SJ
Continued on Page ¦ Twenty-Nine.
Continued on -Pags Twenty-nine.
He Has Frankly,: Given -to. His Friends ;.His Reasons for; Thinking
fHE story given . currency ' by
Perry S. > Heath \ in j London j that
Senator Mark Hanna is a likely
candidate for the j Republican
nomination . f or • the .; Presidency,
of '¦ the' United • States upon ; the
expiration 'of McKiri
ley's term? is ' effectually v of ''. by
the Republican 'members'of. the. Ohio Con-,
gressional;delegation, \ who arrived in" this
city, yesterday. t The denial that Senator
Hanna made . to ; the Heath 1 story, when he
said ."that ..he" is' riot\a : candidate,': so say
the: Congressmen; Is" unquestionably sin-
cere.' One v of the'most prominent mem- j
bers of thedelegatlon, who requested ;that J
he might not be quoted- by-name', related j
a story; that shows. how Senator Hanna
feels about? the matter; >-''
: He ; has i talked;,: with- hls\ friends about
the^- nomination ¦asi a .matter -'of course,
although 'f he 'will ,' not be^ interviewed- as
to : his^reasons 'by the newspapers. He
has been j so* often .mentioned as a • candi-^
date that'friends hayejihtroducedjthe sub- "
ject ini. conversation ,with },him. '*.. On y one-'
occasion I he ' declared :? himself *f re'ely ; and
¦fully.\ telling what he'thcughf of the mat^"
ter, and this It is- that constitutes • the
interesting story. "¦
%'.'!. am not, fitted -for the Presidency,"
he frankly/ and „ forcibly : said on "•' one •!oc
casion*;' as he ,_ is; reported by -the, Ohio
Republican,; Congressmen/ "if will , give
you my.reasons'for.sayirig.so, I ; am:not
educated . in .that*, direction. I have little
knowledge pf 'international -law.-' I aih'hot
educated in diplomacy. I ¦ am a. business
man." '¦'-.' . * .-.¦..
* iOn' several occasions , he has '¦ repeated
Continued ** on Twenty-Ninth Page.
OHIO CONGRESSMEN HANNA
IS NOT CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT
GOVERNOR NASH of Ohio
and the party of distin
guished representatives of
that State who will attend
the launching of the battle
ship Ohio next Saturday ar
rived rrom the southland
yesterday evening on a special train and
are now Quartered at the Palace Hotel.
The visitors were scheduled to arrive
!n the morning, but their plans were
chcr.ged at Los Angeles and the special
train did not reach the depot at Third and
Townsend streets until 6 last eveninjr.
A delegation of the Ohio Society of this
city was on hand to receive the chief ex
ecutive of the Buckeye State and those
¦who accompanied him on his trip across
the continent, while many ladies and gen
tlemen who are natives of Ohio were on
hand to extend greeting to the advance
guard of San Francisco's euests.
The Ohio Society was represented by
General E. Gleeze, president of the soci
ety and chairman of the reception com
irJttee: W. H. Jordan. E. L. Baldwin. W.
C Maule. L. P. McCarty. G. A. Scheer.
B. F. McKlnley. Henry Hilp. M. E. Baker,
C. J. Ensigrn and W. J. Richards. Gover
nor Gage was represented by Colonel F.
K. Eeck. Lieutenant Colonel S. J. Hendy
and Colonel Thomas Wilhelm .of the
¦United States army represented General
fihafter. commander of the Department of
California.
When the special train of five Pullman
cars- glided Into the depot a . shout ¦ went
up from the waiting crowds* and a rush
was made for the rear car, where Gover
nor Nash and his staff were known to be.
Adjutant General Seamans of the Cali
fornia National Guard had accompanied
the Ohioans from Los Angeles and j es
corted them to this city as the representa
tive of Governor Gage.
The delegation of* the Ohio Society
formed in a group at the steps of the
Pullman car as Governor Nash alighted
ci:d cheers rent the air as he stepped to
the ground. With marked gallantry Gov
ernor Nash assisted Miss Helen Deshler
to reach terra firrca. and all eyes were
centered on the young lady' who is to
christen the battleship with the name of
her home State.
The ninety r.nd more Ohioans who trav
eled in the special train were quickly
taken r-.fl.re of by the reo<»nt!on committee
nr.d the members of Covernor Gage's
rlaff. Governor Nash and Miss Helen
Dttr.lcr were escorted to a carriage and
In speaking ¦ of his reception in this
State Governor Nash said: "I am over
whelmed by the hearty greeting accorded
to myself and my friends. We left Co
lumbus one week ago and our trip has
been a most pleasant one. Our train was
a special one and was ' on time every
where and the weather was delightful. I
have been impressed by the greatness of
the country and the people of California
have been most kind to us. I have looked
forward with the greatest pleasure to this
trip to California. It gives. me a chance
to see this great .Western .country and
also to take part in the launching of the
battleship that is to bear the name of
my State. California is all ' that it ; is
claimed to be and in all our long journey
I am most impressed by the hearty greet
ing extended to us. In Los Angeles the
President was superbly received and was.
Is Impressed j by California.
Although Governor Nash was very tired
on reaching his apartments he granted an
interview to a representative of The Call.
Three cheers were then called for and
Riven with right good will and an in
formal reception was held by Governor
Nash. He shook hands with men, women
and children and had a kindly word for
each one who passed before him. ,.
The/Governor- was then- conducted to
hissuite of rooms, where he found that
a. perfect floral display, had . been.-made
in his honor. The rooms reserved- for
Miss Helen- Deshler.- and -her sister,*ad
oining those of the Governor, were sim
ilarly decorated. with. choice flowers, while
the majority of the ladles in the Ohio del
egation also . received . many bouquets in
their apartments.- , • • ¦ • ¦ • ¦«• • , ¦ ' •
We have had a long. Journey, from Ohio' and
our ideas regarding the magnitude of our coun
try are much larger, than when we left home.
We have seen the marvelous development of
the West, and everywhere we have come in
contact with the sons and daughters of Ohio,
who have helped In that development. For
myself and for my friends I want to thank you
for this hearty reception, and I trust that we
will ail know each other better in the course
of the coming week. ¦
General Gleeze, representing the Ohio
Society, introduced Governor Nash, who
was received with hearty cheers. When
silence was restored the Governor said:
On arriving at the hotel Governor Nash
was conducted to the rotunda, where a
large crowd had congregated. An orches
tra played a lively quickstep as the dis
tinjruished head of the State of Ohio
passed to the small platform I facing the
court.
Governor Speaks to Ohioans.
the Governor's staff was • similarly a<
commodated with vehicles, the rest <
the party being conducted to special tro
lev cars in order to reach the Palace H<
•tel.
Colonel F. M. Ritezel, chief ordnance of
ficer of the: Ohio: division,- hails from th«
town of Warren. . He is proprietor of ..the
General C, M. Spitzer is in command of
Governor's staff and is quartermaster
general of the State of Ohio. He is a
member of the banking firm of Spitzer '&
Co.; with houses at New York and Toledo.
He is also one of the owners of the Spitz
er building at Toledo, which is deemed
one of the finest office buildings in Amer
ica. .General Spitzer came into promin
ence in the last- Presidential campaign,
when he denounced' John J. Valentine of
the Wells-Fargo Bank for supporting Wil
liam J. Bryan and indorsing his platform.
¦"Yes, I am glad to be once again in San
Francisco," he said. "I was here in 1893
and had a great time. I cannot say that
we were treated in a hospitable manner
down at Los Angelas, and the most chari
table manner in speaking .'about it is to
say that it . was through ignorance that
we were slighted the way we were.
. "Jn the first place, when we arrived in
•Los Angeles there was only one hack at
the depot for Governor Nash and his staff.
Of -course, the Governor took that, and
the staff and the ladles of the party had
to ride np to the hotel in street cars. We
were npt invited to participate 'in the pa
rade, and , the Governor saw the proces
sion from a side- street. Mrs. Homer
Laugiilin gave a reception In the evening,
and neither, the Governor nor any of his
.staff was invited."
Prominent Men in Ohio. .
;" Colonel H. E. Ellison of the Governor's
staff resides '• at Cleveland. He Is vice
president of the State National; Bank in
that city., He Is accompanied by his wife
and is on his first- visit to this coast. •<
Colonel Melville Gillett of Newark, Oh^o,
I attached to ... the Governor's staff, is a
banker and is also. interested in the iron
and steel industry. He was brought out
by- his. father- from the East when a few
months old and. lived at Oakland until he
was 3 years of age, when his father, who
as a physician practiced in Oakland, re
turned to the State of Ohio. Colonel Gil
lett visited San Francisco in 1893 and says
he is glad .to be here again and renew
old acquaintances.'
Colonel E. J. Bird Jr. of Irontown. Ohio,'
is a member of the Governor's staff.' He
is a large manufacturer of pig iron. '; This
is the first time .that he -has visited the
coast. -
"Were Slighted in Los Angeles.
The traveling cbmpanions of Governor
Nash are representative people of the
State of Ohio. ; They all expressed them
selves as delighted with their reception in
San Francisco and aro looking forward
with keen anticipation to the festivities
during the President's sojourn here.
"I. have not had time to think about
that. I have been so .beautifully treated
since I have been in California that words
Tail me, so that I cannot express my feel
ings. You see, I am only a young girl,
and- every one has been so kind to me.
Everywhere our train stopped ladies and
children asked for me and gave me beau
tiful flowers. I don't think I will be
afraid when I christen the battleship.
Anyway I am going to do my best."
Miss Helen is a granddaughter of Allan
G. Thurman, the "Old Roman" and dis
tinguished politician.
Miss Helen Deshler, who is to christen
the . battleship Ohio, is a. young lady of
fifteen years, related by marriage to Gov
ernor Nash. When asked if she feared
the ordeal of christening the warship she
said:
Charming- Miss to Christen Ohio.
"Regarding politics— well. I am not out
here to talk politics. This is a pleasure
trip and I am looking forward to a week
of keen enjoyment in San Francisco. I
have heard much of San Francisco and
am eager to see all that she has to
Show us."
of course, the center of attraction. There
was some . confusion as to the reception
there of myself and my staff, but under
the circumstances perhaps it could not
be very well avoided. The people there
certainly did all they could for us to
make our stay a pleasant one.
Buckeyes E x p re s s
Delight Over
Ovation.
; "While this trip is one of pleasure/' he
said, "we are acquainting ourselves with
the condition of the country we are pass-
Ing through. No amount of reading will
acquaint one with the interests •. of a lo
cality, as will a visit to it. I would not
hesitate to cast a vote in. favor of a post
omce,- custom-house or other- necessary
building for this city, as I am as deeply
interested in its welfare, as in that of my
own State. A Congressman may use his
Influence- to secure a pension for^an indi
vidual-or advance the claim of a* resident
of his State,- but .wHen he votes for legis
lation he knows that he is doing some
thing for. the entire country. I - believe
whatever is done for one State benefits
another. We are one people with- one des
tiny.? We must all get together, and we
generally do so. "v - —
"I am a thorough believer In expansion.
I believe the -great future' wilr be on the
Pacific rather than on the' Atlantic sea
board.' The - people of the Pacific slope
will be the people of the future.
s "We came out here to see the launching
of the battleship Ohio and also to broaden
our views. We have, already experienced
California hospitality and- we- aro'delight
ed ' to express ' our" appreciation ¦ of the
kindnesses shown us during 1 oar progress
through your delightful State.", '-¦..
.-.,.• Can > Only,,- Praise*-; California.
¦ Congressman . Dick , said that ". he could
not'say. any thing, except in praise .of Cali
fornia.-What he had, seen, he would con
fess; -had' not > 'surprisedr him.'"for-Califor
nia- was- famous- everywhere "for the hos
pitality of Its men and women and for tlie
beauty and abundance of its flowers and
fruits. He did not* know that the State
had outdone itself in tendering hospital- s
ity to its visitors from Ohio, but he kne*v
that it had endeared itself to the visitors...
by the spontaneity and gencinenes3 of its
greeting. ' There' was no purpose in the ¦
visit. of the "Ohio Congressmen to Califor- ; -.
nia save sight-seeing and getting a belter.'
acquaintance '.with- -the country. . The •
launching of the battleship. Ohio had been
a . leading ', theme of conversation with'/
Becoming. Familiar "With. Conditions.
fHE Ohio Congressional delega
tion is Quartered at the Hotel
Pleasanton. It arrived In this
city yesterday and was* met at
the depot by a delegation from
the commercial committee for
the entertainment of Congress
men/ Chairman J. P. Currier, Secretary
Al Gerberdins:. • W. M. Bunker and Con
gressman Julius Kahn extending to them
the hospitalities of San Francisco. Car
riages were in waiting and the visiting
statesmen were driven through the prin
cipal streets to the Pleasanton, where
they will be sruests during: their stay.
• Among those who comprise .the delega
tion are General Charles Dick. Hon. J.
L. Brenner, Hon. C. Q. Hildebrand, Hon.
T. B. Kyle, Hon. D. Meekison, Hon. R.
M. Nevin. Hon. JT. O. Phillips. Hon J. H.
Southard, Hon. J. L. Snook. Hon. Emmet
-Tnmpkins. Hon.W. R. Warnock. Hon.J".,
H. Brcmwel!. . Hori. A. Lybrand; Hon. Jl.
\V. Cassinsrham, Hon. •' S. • Morgan and
Hon. G. W. Cromer of Indiana. Hon.
John Dalzell of Pennsylvania, who was
a' member of the original party, stopped
Off en route and will arrive here on Tues
day with the Presidential party. <*
As soon as the distinguished visitors :
had . removed the traces of travel and
dined they started out to view the sights
of the city, renewed old acquaintances,
went to the theater or rested from the
nerve-rackine ride.
The majority of the delegation will leave
for San Jose in the morning and wiU take
every opportunity possible to acquaint
themselves. with the needs of the Garden
City. One Important point that will be.
considered during the trip is. the improve
ment of Alviso Slough in order that San
Jose may be given water connection with
the metropolis of the Pacific Coast. ! The
citi:.ens of Alviso are urging the claims
of that village, located practically at the
headwaters of the bay of San Francisco,
as a gateway and distributing point of
the- rich country that lies beyond. Trips
to Mount Hamilton and other points of
interest in that section are also sched
uled prior to the arrival of the Presiden
tial party.
Monday's Engagements Postponed.
It was originally intended that the Ohio
delegation of Congressmen and those
from other States who comprise the party
should meet the representatives of com
mercial organizations of this city at the
: Chamber of Commerce on Monday after
noon. Invitations had been extended to
every organization of importance in tha
city, and It was expected that all interests
would be represented. When the delega
tion arrived it was found that nearly
every member had made other arrange
ments with a view toward meeting the
President on his trip from San Jose,* and
.in consequence it was found necessary to
postpone the meeting to some future date
convenient to the arrangements of the
distinguished visitors.
As soon as the members of the ¦commit
tee can make these arrangements the date
will be announced, but all invitations for
the meeting of ¦ Monday afternoon have
been canceled.
Congressman Nevin has the distinction
of being the first Republican to be elected
from the Third Congressional District of
his State in thirty-two years. The dis
trict is a Democratic stronghold, and he
secured his seat in the lower house by 150
majority. General Robert C. Schenck.
who was'Minister to Great Britain under
President Grant, carried; the district thir
ty-three-years ago, and since the expira
tion' of hfs^term have repre
sented the State- frori? the. district.
. Congressman. Nevin .was '.fatigued after
hiS'Iong journey, -but expressed- his pleas
ure at being able to visit the State at this
season of the year. ; He spoke . hfghly of
the floral 'exhibition- he had seen at Los
Angeles,, and said- that in no other place
in. the .world' was it., possible to . display
such a magnificent' wealth of flowers as
in the Golden State. . ¦ ' .
Congressmen Loud
in Praises of
State.
Ohio Society Meets Visitors From Buckeye
State at Depot and Escorts Them '
to Quarters at the Palace
Hotel.
GOVERNOR NASH AND PARTY RECEIVE A HEARTY WELCOME
FROM FORMER RESIDENTS OF THE BUCKEYE STATE, WHILE
CONGRESSMEN ARE CARED FOR BY COMMERCIAL COMMITTEE
Pages 25 to 1
c
of
ll
o-
Pages 25 to %We buy trunks ' by the* carload.- .That's
why we • sell good ; trunks ; at ' reasonable
prices. Suit cases) valises, traveling bags,"
coin purses and pocketbooks in our leath
er goods department. Everything lettered
in gold without charpe. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Trunks [ and /.Valises;
Music in. the Park.
The Golden Gate Park band will render the
following eelections from Verdi's operas this
afternoon:
Overture, "Xabucco" ..Verdi
Selection. "Ernani" Verdi
Ballet from "Sicilian Vespers".... ..Verdi
Themes from "Travlata" Verdi
Overture. "Joan d'Arc" Verdi
Quartet from "Rigoletto" Verdi
Finale from second act "Aida" Verdi
Miserere and Tower ecene from "rl Trova
tore" .- Verdi
With solo for cornet by Mr. Mahood and
barytone by. Mr. Colverd.
Royal Italian March ...:.-..: :.
Berkeley Bsats Lick.
The Berkeley High School team won the
Academic League championship in base
bail from the Lick High School nine yes
terday morning at Recreation grounds.
The score was 9 to 2 and represents an
*asy victory for the "Berkeley team.
Whaleback, 10; Bcardman, 30; Periwlgr, 4.
2430.* SIXTH RACE-Mile and 60 yards; sell-
Ing; four-year-olds and up; purse, J400.
Index. Horse, "Wt." Jockey. St. "%. Str. Fin.
2427 Goldone, ' 4, -107.Bassingrr 4 2 h 3 2 1 h
(2351) Mission, 4, 104.. ..Ransch 2 3 h 1 n 2 2
(2403)Splke. 4, : 101..;. ...Stuart 5 1 2 2h 3 1
2415 Dr. Bernays, 6, lOS.Bentt 9 9 5 1 -4 n
2409 Wyoming," a, 105..Rus 8 ell S 6 1 6 2 5 6
2397 Donator, -6. 105....Flynn-l 6 h 4 n 6 1
2372 Sunello. 4, 10i:..Materne 3 8 1 7 2 7 2
(2426) Alee, 4. 105.... Alexander 7 4 2 8 1 8 1
2378 K'kumbob, .4, 103.Tampln 1.7^ 9 9
Time— 50 yards, - :03}i : U, :24%; %, :4S#; %.
.1:14%; ¦ mile, 1:41; lm 60yda, 1:44. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. S. Coffey's
b.h. by Goldflnch-Abilone. '¦ Bassinger. 'on win
ner, squeezed through a tight place on the rail.
Mission received a perfect ride. Spike ran his
race. Dr.- Bernays and Xickumbob came to
gether at first turn. Donator was also knocked
out of ;it. Alee, had early speed. Russell can
not handle Wyoming. Scratched— MacGyle 104,
Parader 105, ' Hindoonet 108. . . i
Betting — Goldone, 9-5; -Mission, 12; "Spike, 7;
Dr. Bernays, 20; 'Wyoming:. 9-5; Donator, 8;
Sunello. 75; Alee, 8; Kickurabob, 100.
FLYCASTERS MAKE A
NEW AVERAGE BECOBJ)
The regular competition of the San
Francisco Fly-Casting Club, held at Stow
Lake yesterday, was productive of the
finest average In delicacy ever made by
ten men. The average was 86 2-12, In a
* strong west wind, and some of the cast
ing was more than remarkable.
Golcher led in distance, dropping his fly
120 feet out into the lake, Brotherton be
ing second with 113 feet. Brotherton was
the most accurate, his .percentage being
91.8, with Muller a close second with 91.4
per cent. Towsig led in delicacy. Follow
ing is a summary of the contest:
The Lowell High School, represented by
Norman Hodgkinson and Carl Gardner,
carried off the honors in the annual ten
nis tournament for the championship of
the Academic League. Oakland High
School got second place after making a
very fair showing in the finals against the
winners. At the last moment Gardner
was substituted for Al Rosenberg:, who
•was unable to play on account of ' sick
ness.
Eight teams were entered in the doubles
and eight in the singles, but In the lat
ter only two matches were played. The
schools represented were Lowell High,
Oakland High, Berkeley High, Alameda
High, Palo Alto High, Polytechnic High,
St. Matthew's and Boone's Academy.*
In the first round Taylor and Creed of
Oakland High School defeated Llllenthal
and Smith of the Polytechnic High, the
score being 6-3, 8-6. In this match Smith
was substituted for Harold Mann, which
change weakened that team materially.
In the second match Towne and Sloan
of the Palo Alto High School proved to
be much too strong for Caldwell and
Kenyon of Boone's Academy, whom they
defeated, 6-2, 6-1." Hodgkinson and Gard
ner of the Lowell High School completely
outclassed Lewis and Valleau of the Ala
meda High School, beating them in
straight sets, 6-0, 6-0. The last match of
the preliminary- round proved to be the
closest of the day. In it Esterly and
Cavalier of the Berkeley High School
were pitted against Freeman • and Ben
nett of St. Matthew's. After a long, con
test the latter finally won, 7-5,. 3-6, 8-6.
Bennett, who was little bigger than his
racket, wielded that instrument with the
strength of a man of twice his size.
In the semi-final round Taylor- and
Creed, O. H. S., disposed of Towne and
Sloan, P. A. H., the score being 6-0, 6-2.'
In the other half of the round Hodgkin
son and Gardner put a stop to the aspira
tions of Freeman and Bennett, St. Mat
thew's, by beating them in straight sets,
6-3, 6-3. •
The finals,', in which Hodgkinson and
Gardner, L. H. S., and Taylor and Creed,
O. H. S., came together, brought out the
best tennis of the day. The Lowell men
took the first two sets handily and it
looked very much as if. they would make
it three straight, but then the Oakland
men took a brace and won the third set,
6-3. The Lowell men, realizing that they
were up against' a good team, pulled
themselves together and took the last set
easily, 6-0. The complete score of the
match in favor. of Hodgkinson and Gard
ner was 6-3, 6-3, 3-6, 6-0. .
The singles were started,. but. owing to
the lateness of the. hour had to be, post
poned when but two matches were'com
pleted. . In singles Valleau of Alameda
High defeated "Kenyon of Boone's Acad
emy," the score being '6-4. Cavajier of
Berkeley. High beat Bennett of St.. Mat
thew's," 6-4. The Remaining matches in sin
gles will he played next Saturday morn
ins on the courts of the California Tennis
Club at'9:30. ; Hodgkinson, L. H. S., Is a
strong favorite for first honors in the sin'
gles.
IjOWELTj HIGH SCKOOL
•WINS ON THE COTJETS
2437: FOURTH RACE— Two miles; selling;
four-year-olds"and up; purse, J40O. '. :_**-:
Index. Horse; Wt. Jockey. '.St. %.¦ Str. Fln.' ;
2427 Lizzella a. 107. Bozeman 3 14 1 6 .1 8 "
2421, Dr. Marks. 6.102.Ransch 13 3 2 1^2%
2392Faunette,>a.- 105.Alexndr 7 5 1 3 2 ¦ -J 6 -
2421 Syly'n Lass, 5, 105-Flynn 6; 244 : 5 15 4 5 '-
(2421)Stromo,' 5,.U4.Fauntlery 5 .4 %. 4 15 20 •
2421 Don Luis, a,102.Mathws 4 ,7 6 8 : 6 10
2360 El Mldo, 6, 107. Bassinger 2 .6 10-7 , -7 '
Time— %. :53; mile, 1:45%; l%m, 2:37%; l%m,
2436. .THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; , Belling;
tworyear-olds; purse. , $400. '..',,-.. : ¦ , .-,
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. I St. %. .Str. Fin.
2419 Louwelsea. 105..Basnger 4 3 1-21 1 h
(2424)Rory Ough. 110.. ..Hafley 2. 1 2n 1 2 2 n
2424 The Giver, 105.:.\Alexdr 5 2 W- * 3 3 %¦'
(2417)Vasallo. 100...... Ransch 3^6 4 3 1 ,4 5 ;
2365 Evea.G, 100.. Fauntleroy 14 H 5 5 5«C3
2419 S. Luitlon, 105... Russell 6 6 12 6 75 6 100
•,...': Col. • Smith, - 103.Tamplin 7.7.7' 7 .
Time-tf . ¦ :12% ; ~. %. : :23% ; M. :48% ; %, -- 1 :01%.'
Good start. Won first three driving..' Winner,
Doble & Co.'s'b. f. by Rey El Santa Anlta-
Leola: ¦ Louwelsea = had worked . fast and • was
bet i on. Rory tired; last furlong. ' The. Giver
is i A good - one; A. bit " too racy for Vasallo.
Scratched— Glendennlng 105. - ..
. Betting— Louwelsea, 3; Rory Ough, 6-5; The
Giver, 15; Vasallo 4; Evea G, 30; San LultiOn,
20; Colonel Smith, 300. .' ' ¦ . ; .; -
2435. SECOND RACE— One . mile; Belling;
maidens; three-year-olds and up; purse, $300. .
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. V,. ¦". %. , Fini
2411 F. Duffy, 4, 109.. Ransch 412 12 12'
2430 Carlovlngian. 3, 105.Alxr 3 4% 41 21 '
2418 Rey Dare,. 3,105. ..Basgr 2 8 1 3 1 3 3
2380 La Calma, 3, lOL.Fntlry 9" 6 h 6 1 4 1
2422 T. Cros*, 3, 101.. .Burke 6 6 2 .66. 61
2416 Rasp. 3, 103.....Mathws 1 2h 2 2 63
2410 Cambaceres, 3, 106.Matrn 8 9 2 9 2,7 4.
2423 S. Matts " 6, 109.BozemanlO 8 2. 7h .81.
2392 H. Bright. 4. 107..Flynn 5 7 1 . 8 h 9 2
2380 S. Voice 4, 107...Russellll 11 11 : 10 2
2373 Wm. F," 4, 109. ...Hafley 7 10 1 10 1 11 :
' Time— V*. :25; M, :50f %. IjISU: mile, 1:42%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, P. Sheridan & Co.'s ch. g.
by Montana-Josephine. Duffy was fit and en
joyed smooth sailing. Carlovlngian faltered
once, but came on. finishing well. Rey Dare
will improve. La Calma had a rough trip.
Cambaceres has gone back.. Too fast for Rasp.
Betting— Frank Duffy. 11-5; Carlovingian, 6;
Rey Dare, 7-2; La Calma. 12; Triple Cross, 15;
Rasp, 8; Cambaceres, .12; Senator Matts 25;
Honor Bright, 40; Sweet Voice, . 40;. William
f, 30. ¦ > - , . •;¦ . . : . - ¦
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2244 Grafter. 107. Ransch 6 6 2 3 1 11
'2420 Ada N, 111 Russell 7 7 hi 6 1 2h •
2398 Flatterer, 110 .Hoar 4 3h In 3 2
(2398)Maresa, 113 Ruiz 3 4 Vi 6 tf 4 1
2390 Rey de Altar. 112. Alexdr 8 8 4 h 6 4
2426 Invlctus,. 107 ..Bassinger 11%74 6 4 - :
1889 C. Goetz, 105...Fauntlry,2 2 %' 2 % 7 10
2404 Parsifal, 107 ..Matthews 5 5 % 8 ¦ 8 -
Time-To %,' :21%; to %. :46%; last %, 1:02^4;
short %, 1:11%. Fair start. » Won handily.
Second and third, driving. Winner," j L. A.
Blasingame's b. gv- by Cicero-Leap . Tear.
Grafter - looked fit and had clear sailing last
"quarter. Ada N has no early speed ¦ when car
fylng weight. She closed stoutly next the rail,
after Russell had -taken a . long chance. ! Ma
resa pocketed and off her stride .to the stretch
turn. Rey da Altar no luck. Cora Goetz
quit. - -...;¦ .-. . .
¦ Betting— Grafter. 18-5: Ada N, 5-2;' Flatterer,
30; Maresa. 6-2; Rey de Altar, 5; InVlctus.. 25;
Cora Goets. 30; Parsifal, 60. - -^ ,
OAKLAND RACETBACZ-Saturday,
May 11,- 1901.— Weather- fine.' 'Track
; : fast. ¦.:...¦.--.. ¦¦. . ¦ -.'-.I
2434. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; sell
ing; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
College Baseball.
, At Providence— Yale, 15; Brown, 5.
At Cambridge— "Harvard, 15; Bowdoin, 0.
At Ithaca— Cornell, 6;, Princeton, L
At New York— Columbia, 3; Pennsyl
vania, 5. ¦ .' • . • '¦.•"'•
Closing Day. and TTlght Marked by
Competition Among All Class
Winners.
By far the biggest crowd that gathered
at the San 'Francisco Kennel Club's dog
phow at the Mechanics' Pavilion was
Present last night to see the close of what
was certainly the most successful bench
exhibition ever held on this coast. -—
In the evening the prizes were awarded
to ; the winners and a parade of all the
best in dogdom marched round and round
the sawdust in competition for a prize for
the very best dog in class. The winner
was George H. Goodehan's fox terrier,
Norfolk Handicraft, valued at $2000. The
second choice was the famous bull terrier,
Woodcote Wonder. Ivel Rustic, the fa
mous Eastern bull dog, captured the
third selection.
MOST STJOOESSFTTL OF
ATT. THE BENCH SHOWS
Kempton Park Races.
LONDON, May 11.— At Kempton Park
to-day the great Jubilee handicap of 3000
sovereigns was won by George Edwards'
Bantoi. Caiman was second and Aivescote
third. Santoi's victory completely upset
calculations. William C. Whitney's Kll
marnock II, on which L. Relff had the
mount, was a warm favorite, and Richard
Croker*s Harrow, ridden by J. ReifT, wa3
also considered dangerous. Greenan led
until a quarter of a mile from home, when
Santoi 'drew to the front and won by a
neck and a half. A half-length separated
the second and third horses. Kilmarnock
II was fourth. The betting. previous to
the start was 25 to 1 against Santoi, 9 to 1
against Caiman and 100 to 6 against Aives
cote. -
The Kempton Park May auction plate,
of 200 sovereigns, was won by Frank
Gardner's chestnut colt Omaha II (bred
in the United States), with Clem Jenkins
in the saddle. :• '¦-. '-'.• ¦;.
the track at Emeryville yesterday
and waved a merry welcome to the throng
that filled the grand stand and clubhouse,
for everything and everybody seemed to
conspire to make this Fabiola Derby day
surpass all others. Evidences of Mr. Wil
liams' liberality and forethought were
everywhere visible, from the large Fabiola
flag flying from the tall staff in the center
of the track— his gift to the hospital as
sociation—to the beautiful. decorations of
the clubhouse. In the latter broad bands
of satin ribbon in blue and white were
festooned about the' walls and from the
chandeliers, and silken draperies of the
same colors, adorned the back of each. A
small stirrup and strap, tied with blue and
white ribbon, held each, yellow satin cur
tain in place- In a position of honor on
the long center table stood the beautiful
silver cup given by the ladies of the Fabi
ola Hospital Association as a trophy for
the gentleman's race. The cup was won
by Mr. Ledgett, who received it from the
hands of little Amy, Long, the pretty 3
year-old daughter of General Oscar Long.
The little lady was daintily attired in blue
and white and performed her proud task
with? childish grace. / . #
The clubhouse and the Judges' stand
were also gayly outlined in blue and white
bunting. The day. was cool. and pleasant,
the. -track fast and the undercurrent of
feeling that the day was devoted to a
charitable purpose made even old habitues
of the racecourse enjoy the x afternoon
with an added zest. . -
Ladies of the 1 Fabiola Association were
present in large numbers, as well as many
prominent Oakland people who are not
members but who take a great interest in
the well-known hospital. Generous dona
tions were sent by many who were unable
to attend. Aside from the donations, how
ever, the gate receipts/which Thomas H.
Williams Jr. so generously turned over, to
the Fabiola fund, amounted to $2129.
- Noticeable among those who . attended
the races were the following named:
-Mrs! John Yule, president of ¦' the Fabiola
Hospital Association ; Mrs. Remie Chabot, Mr.
and Mrs. Isaac Kequa, Mrs. Oscar F. Long,
Mrs. • Q. A. Chase, Mrs.' Charles Deering, . Mr.
and Mrs. Gordon Stolp, Mr. and Mrs.. Allen D.-
Wilson. Mrs. R. B. McChesney, Mrs. O. W.
Grayson, Henry Bull, Mrs. ¦ C. . S. Chamberlain,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert • Knight, Mr. and . Mrs.
Thomas "H. '.Williams Jr., Misses Mrs.
Willard T. Barton, Mrs. B. B.> Jerome, Mr.
and Mrs. Emery, Mr. and Mrs. Moller,' Captain
and ' Mrs. John Hackett, . Mrs. Nagrlee, Mrs:
Burbank. D. B. Hlnckley.' Mr. and Mrs. Har
rison Clay,' Mrs. Paxton Wright, Mrs. S. , A.
O'Neill, Miss Lillian Moller, Mr. and Mrs. E.
R Folger, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Sutton, Mr.
and ¦ Mrs. Henry Hurd, -Milton S. • Latham,
Dan Cole,- Henry . J. • Crocker, . Dr.' Rottanzi,
Mrs. Fred C. CHft, Miss Elizabeth Clift, Mr.
and Mrs. Oscar Luning, Mrs. W. W. Stande
ford. Mr. and Mrs. Paul Lohse, Miss ¦¦ Pauline
Lohse.-Mr. and Mrs. John Hurd and Dr. Orm
stead. '..; ' .¦'<¦¦ -¦' . . • ".¦::¦.,.¦¦
P"TT^ HE black and gold of the Califor-
I Jockey Club '_ and Fablola's
II white, and blue fluttered gayly In
U. the breeze that flew briskly over
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
*,--,. .......... « .
MR' LEDGETT WINNING THE, FABIOLA CUP ON IMPERIOUS. -HE
WAS; FOLLOWED." IN % PROCESSIONAL STYLE ' BY C. D. ; BATES
ASTRIDE THE BUFFOON AND MR. PUGH RIDING WHALEBACK."-
2438. FIFTH RACE-MIle and 50 ; yards;
Fabiola : Cup ; gentlemen J riders ;' purse, $350. * ,
Index/Horse, Wt, Jockey. . St. %. Str. Fin..
2421" Imperious, 0, 162.Ledcett 112 13-15
2409 The3uffoon, 4, 162. Bates 5 2 M 2 3.25.
• 2421 .Whaleback. 5, 162..Pugh 2 '. 4 % : 3 1 - . 3 5
' 360 B'rdman,' 5, 162.Diepkmn 4 6 - 5 • 4 1
2292 Periwig, a, 162. . .Slfinner 3 3 5 4 % 5 ' ;
• ..Time— ],:49^ ~Good start.* Won easily. Sec
ond easily. Winner. Dr. If.. E. Rowell's b. g.
by. Morello-Helen Scratch. '•.' Imperious possessed
the requisite speed . and '. was 'nicely -handled.'
Periwig was unable to keep up. . V
- Betting— Imperious, 6-5; The, Buffoon, 9-5;
Betting in the ring was exceedingly
brisk and old-fashionedlike, and no com
plaint'could be -registered about tight
prices. .Three, or just one-half of the fa
vorites, justified the confidence reposed in
them, while Ada N, Rory _ .Ough and
Strcmo crippled their constituentsdn fail
ing to land. :Ransch and • Bassinger di
vided the saddle honors. . ' ¦•
J Charles Ledgett had the honor of win
ning the Fabiola cup, 1 offered for gentle
men riders. He had the mount ?f or the
event' on ImDerious, and a' 6 to ; 5 f a'vorite
in the betting, won all the way. "Well up
the finish Mr. Bates took the place from
Whaleback with ' The Buffoon, second
choice. Periwig, the mount of Mr. Skin
ner, received extensive support, but the
ex-jumper was outclassed. . ¦ .
According * to the handicappers Ada N
and Maresa figured so closely alike that
each closed at odds of 5 to 2 in the betting
on the first event," a . Futurity course
sprint. • Ruiz early picked a pocket to fall
Into with Maresa, and Ada N was slower
to get In motion than a freight train on'
some jerkwater line. In consequence J.
Ransch on Grafter won very handily at
18 to 5. In a drive Russell brought Ada N
up in time to beat \Flatterer a head for
the place. •
Eleven single- X maidens started In the
mile affair following. Frank Duffy en-
Joyed the call, and getting away well was
never headed. Alexander finished second
onCarlovingian/alength in front of Rey
Dare. \
Speedy Rory Ough had his colors low
ered by Louwelsea in . the flve-furlong
scramble j for ' two-year-olds. . Considered
invincible, Rory .went to the post a 6 to 5
chance, with Hafley In the saddle. Lead
ing to the paddock, almost, he was then
collared and in a mild ' drive - downed a
head in 1:01%. The .winner was.ridden'by
Bassinger and came In for steady support
at odds: of 3, to 1. The Giver ran an ex
tremely good. third. . . ; .
Although a "favorite In the books, Stro
mo did not cut much " of a figure in the
two-mile selling," affair, which /went to
Ldzella. .When Sylvan Lass had tired Jim
my Bozeman took command with the old
Morello mare ana-she won eased up at xhe
finish f rom , Dr. : Marks and Faunette.
Fauntleroy apparently could not get Stro
mo to better than fifth position.
Capturing "the purse for the final mile
and fifty yard run, decided underselling
conditions,' with Goldone, Jimmy* Coffey
then found it an expensive victory. In a
fierce , drive with . Mission the bay, horse
got home first by a head, Bassinger riding
an exceptionally brilliant finish. When
put up to be sold "Butch" Fisher bid the
winner up to $700, or WOO over his entered
selling price. Coffey retained hia horse.
3:04r>-2m, 3:31. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving.- Winner. J. Weber's b.
nr. by Morello-LlMie Dunbar. 1 Winner probably
best. 'Dr. .Marks shone at his beet. . Sylvan
Lass quit. Stromo could no nothing with his
impost. ' El Mido no account. . ~
' Betting— Lizzella, 9-2; Dr. Marks, 8; Fann
ette,"6; Sylvan Lass, 12; Stromo, 11-5; Don
Luis.UO; El Mldo, 7-2. " . ' " ;
PERFECT racing weather, the
presence of the usual Saturday
crowd of racing enthusiasts, aug
mented by an extended list of vis
. Itors from Oakland's fashionable
circles, all tended to make" Fabiola day"
at. Oakland track an unequivocal success.
As a pecuniary reminder of the occasion,
Thomas H. Williams Jr. presented the
lady management of Fabiola Hospital
with a check for $2129,' certainly a most
substantial tribute to the generosity of
the California Jockey Club.
BY F. E. MTJLHOLLAiin). .
NEW. .'YORK. May 1L— R. T. Wilson's
The .\P~arader • won the classic "Withers
stakes at Morris Park to-day. He made
all the • running .and won easily by two
lengths from Bonnibert. About 15,000 per
sons, were In ' attendance in spite of the
dull and threatening weather. The track
was heavy, and that probably accounted
for the scratching of Commando and
Smile' from the "Withers. The Parader
was a slight favorite. Summary:
Six furlongs— Paul Clifford won. Bluff second,
Mark Twain third. Time, 1:14V4
"Five furlongs, selling— Leodice won. Friar Ta
:bbr second. Red Damsel third. Time, l:02H-
The Fashion, four and a half furlongs—Ami
citia won, The Hoyden second. Gunfire third.
Time, :55Vi. ... . . r
The -Withers, one mile— The Parader. 126
(Landry). 9 to 5, won; Bonnibert, 126 (Dale). 11.
to 6 and 3 to 5, second; Bellario. 128 (Bullman),
6 to 1 and 8 to 5, third. Time, 1:42%. All Green
also ran.
One mile and a sixteenth— Raffaello won,
Janice second. King Bramble third. Time. 1:50.
Steeplechase, about two miles— Walter Cleary
won. Foot Hardy second. Mars Chan third.
Time. 4:14. .
CINCINNATI. May 1L— The classic La
tonia Derby 'will be run Monday after
noon at the' Latonia . racecourse. The
Derby will be the first race of the year at
a mile and a half and will test the speed
and endurance : of a half i dozen or more
of this year's. best three-year-olds. The
stake will be worth about $6000. Nearly
all the candidates for the 'event are now
quartered at the track and' not a few of
them have gone the full distance in most
Impressive fashion- The track has been
a.t its best for a week or more and all the
.workouts have been close to the winning
mark.'-, - .-• ¦• •• : • „ •
- If the igolng ¦ should be heavy the race
will -likely go to an outsider that will be
at- home in the niud. There is no pro-'
nounced favorite for the stake, although
two or three of the starters are strongly
favored by the talent.
-Among the starters will be Baker & Genr
try's Judge Redwine, J. P. Respess' Gran
don, J. J. McCafferty's The Puritan, Dan
O'Brien's Longfilo, John Morris' Amur
and Gaharls, J. F. Schorr's Alard Scheck,
J. B. Smith's June Gale and "W. H. Laude
man's Hernando.
CINCINNATI, May 11— Results at Newport:.
Six and a half furlongs, sellings— Jim Gore II
won. Ida Quicklime second. Custodian third.
Time, 1:22. — • - .
One mile— Charley O'Brien won. Imperialist
second, Robert Gray third. Time, 1:41%.
Five furlongs, selling— Klngford won. De
benture second, Queen Friez third. Time, 1:02.
"Six and a half furlongs, selling — John McElroy
won. Rare Perfume second, Sylvan Bell third.
Time, .1:22.
Seven furlongs— Talala won. Dissolute second.
Tremor third. Time. 1:28. '
One mile, selling— Sweet Dream won, -All's
"Well second, Sara Camp third. Time. 1:43%.
ST. LOUIS. May U.— Fair Grounds. Sum
mary:
Seven furlongs— Bowen won, Maxlmus second,,
Prince Stonemouth third. Time, 1:31.
Six furlongs, selling — Battus won, Doralice
second. La Desirous third.. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs, purse— Trio won, H.\L Cole
man second, Kaloma third. Time, 1:03.
Inaugural handicap, purse $3300. one mile —
Silverdale won, W. J. DeBoe second, Tayon
third. Time, 1:41. - ..
Six furlongs, purse— "Wax Paper won, Kin
dred second, Ben Ledi third. Time, 1:15%.
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Forte
won, Aurort second. Sam. Lazarus third. Time,
1:47^4. A i - \ • '• ' !
. Six i fllrlongs, belling — Sarner won, Tennj^
Tfelle" second. Jakt Weber. 'third. Time, 1:15.-
LOUISVILLE, Icy..* May 11-This was get
away day at "Churchill Downs. Summary:
Six and ' a half, furlongs — Little Rita won.
Beauty, Brook second, Conundrum third. Time,
1:25%. I >
Five furlongs— Golden Glitter won, Fred Or
gill second. Julia Jenkins third. Time, 1:05.
Six furlongs— Economic won, Slips second.
Locust Blossom . third. Time, .1:19.
Kentucky Oaks, $3000, one mile and a six
teenth—LaSy Schorr won, Isobel. second, Edith
Q third. Time, 1:53.
One ¦ mile— Dolly Wagner won, Tekla second.
•Pat Garrett third. Time. 1:4S!4.
Six furlongs— Volma Clark won. Suave second,
Onomastus third. Time, 1:17.
CHICAGO, May 11.— "Worth summary:
Five and a half ¦ furlongs — H^rodiate won.
Brissac second, Lathrop third. Time. 1:09 3-5.
Five furlongs— Abe Frank won. South Klk
horn second. Miracle II third. Time, 1:02 2-5.
I Five furlongs— The Rush won. Miss Bennett
second. Mlnyon third. Time, 1:01 1-5.
Mile and an eighth. "Wabash handicap — Boney
Boy won. Caviar second, . Louisville third.
Time. 1:65 3-5.
Mile, selling-»Robert "Waddell won. Espionage
second, Andes third. Time, 1:42 2-5.
Mile and twenty yards— Dousterswivel won.
Free Lance second. . About third. Time. 1:45 1-5.
Mile and twenty yards— Trebor won, Pirate's
Queen second, El Caney third. - Time, 1:44 2-5.
Puppy stake, first round — J. Dean's Greyfeld
beat J. Horn's Little Deceiver, 12-0; D. J.
Healey's Tiburon beat E. M. Kellogg's Frisco
Lad, 4-0: H. W. Koeker's Merriwa beat B.
Silva's Funston. 5-0; J. D. Cardinell's Jesiby
beat W. H. Robinson's Jack Freedom. 5-2;
Pa^ha Kennels' Rustic Arbor beat Lopez &
Son's Kitchener, 5-0; James Connell's Cozy
beat J. D. Cardinell's Hod, S-6; Sterl &
Knowles' Freeze Out beat W. H. Robinson's
Lord Freedom, 8-5: Sterl & Knowies' Cold
Shivers beat K. II. Kellogg's Modest Lad, 6-3.
Open Etake, first round— Sterl & Knowles" For
Glory beat A. R. Curtis' Vulcain, 4-0; F. A.
McComb's Motto beat J. Hurley's Hurricane,
32-0; W. C. Glasson's lone beat. H. Perlgo's
Bohe 6-4: E. M. Kellogs's Buck beat Pasha
Kennele' Random Aim. 4-0: D. D. Roche" s All
Green beat J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells, 3-2; H.
H. Gnty's Rona beat H. A. Deckelman"s
Itocker. 3-2: Star Kennels' Mayflower beat
James Sheridan's Forest Queen, 3-0: F. A. Mc-
Comb's Sir Pasha beat F. Jones' Lovina, 5-0;
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon beat Russell &
Allen's First Foot. 6-1; T. J. Cronin's Vandal
beat D. J. Healey's Maggie N, 3-1; D. J. Hea
!ey's Tapioca beat T. J. Cronin's Vixen, 4-2:
Russell & Allen's Castaway beat 1». F. Bartels'
Banner BrlRhf, 5-1; F. A. McComb's Bona Fide
beat P. J. Rellly's Warship. 4-1; A. R. Curtis'
Charta beat J. Dean's Warco, 4-1; H. Perlgo'e
Controller a bye; J. Smith's Master Workman
beat J. Cane's Master Davenport, 4-2; George
Shaman's Chicag-o Boy beat H. A. Deckel
man's Master Rocket, 7-2; E. Geary's America
beat E. E. Whlteside's Greenback, 6-0; P. M,
Curtis' Warpath beat Pasha Kennels' Bello
Rocket, 2-0; F. Jones' Wedgewood beat A. R.
Curtis' King- Cotton. 6-1; T. J. Cronin's Thorn
hill beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne, 4-3;
Cheetham & Partlngton's Representative beat
George Frederickson' s Grand Marshal, 8-2; P.
M. Curtis' War Eagle beat Star Kennels' Fon
tenoy. 7-6; O. Zahrs Homer Boy beat Aeneid
Kennels' Achilles. 18-2; Pasha Kennels' Risky
Attempt beat Russell & Strayaway.
5-2; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys a bye; Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist beat D. Reardon's Mollie
R. 4-1: Russell & Allen's Rosie Clair beat H.
H. Gray's Bannockburn, 6-0; F. A. McComb's
Hot Haste beat J. Cane's Greenhall. 5-2; Aeneid
Kennnels' Athena beat E. M. KellojrK's Iowa
Lad. 5-0; Connell Bros.' White Hat beat E. M.
Kellogg's Modest Girl, 3-2; P. M. Curtis'
Shadow beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 10-3; J. J.
Keenan's Lundin Links beat J. Smith's Boney
Boy. 3-2; A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox beat E. M.
Kello&g"s Crawford Belle. 6-4; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister beat Aeneid Kennels'
Fine Fire. 3-2; E. McAndrew's Governor
Mac beat P. J. Relay's Ploughboy. 3-1:
Sterl & Knowles' Olita a bye; W. C. Glasson's
Dewdrop beat Gold Dust Kennels' St. Michael,
4-0; Russell & Allen's Spiteful beat George
Sharman's St. Ives. 2-0; Russell & Allen's
Daisy Clair beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad. 3-1:
Sterl & Knowles' Ripple beat Aeneid Kennels'
Aeneas. 4-2: F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion
beat P. M. Curtis' Vagrant. 7-0; P. M. Curtis'
Echo beat Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs, 2-0;
Star Kennels' Black Head beat A. Vander
berg's Naughty Girl. 6-2; Pasha Kennel*' Fiery
Face beat A. R. Curtis' Blue Ribbon. 8-0; J.
I>ovi-ling"s Sir Lawrence beat Pasha Kennels'
Real Article. 4-2; G. Walters' The Chief beat
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson, 4-0; A. Vanderwhite's
Flora McDonald beat P. M. Curtis' McKlnley,
5-0; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat Lopez
& Son's Eager, 5-0; D. D. Roche's Bells of
Shandon beat J. D. Candinell's Union Jack,
8-1; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat Chiarini Broth
ers' Brass Button. 4-0; A. R. Curtis' Candelaria
beat P. M. Curtis' Fashion Plate. 7-1; Gold
Dust Kennels' Forget beat Pasha Kennels'
Roberts' Army. 6-2; P. M. Curtis' Karclssus
beat H. A. Deckel man's Lawrence, 6-3; C. O.-
Peterson's Silver Cloud beat P. J. Relay's The
Grafter, 4-2; George Sharman's Black Flush
beat D. Dillon's Granuvilla, 4-0; P. M. Curtis'
Anchor beat E. Geary's Ireland, 5-3; James
Connell's Log Boy beat James Sheridan's For
est King. 5-1: Star Kennels' Herschel's Pride
beat P. M. Curtis' Yellow Kid, 3-0; Chiarini
' Brothers' Santonin beat J. J. Keenan's Black
lock. 6-1.
Despite the fact that a few of the short
ends In the bis stake landed at grood
prices form players had a good day of it
yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
The run down of the puppy stake result
ed as big: bettors figured, but one of the
eight courses being lost by a favorite.
Down near the end of the card Geary's
Ireland was played for a cinch against
P. M. Curtis* Anchor. As grood as 9 to 1
was offered that Palo Alto's brother could
get the flag. Willing and anxious, Ireland
took the lead and after he had scored
three It looked reasonable that he would
fulfill predictions and Quite handily, too.
Anchor, however, got possession by the
hare coming to him and held his position
until the finish of the course, keeping: his
opponent from further scoring:.
Bells of Shandon won at 5 to 1 from
Union Jack, All Green beat Jingle Bells
at G to 1: Buck beat Random Aim, Rona
beat Rocker, Bona Fide beat Warship.
Chicago Boy beat Master Rocket, War
path beat Belle Rocket and The Chief
beat Miss Wilson at 2 to L
Ilarlean Gladys is In good form and is
the class at the too of the card. Luxor
seems to have the call at the bottom.
These travelers figure to meet in the
final with Jones' courser as choice for
the stake. . , ,
The winners in the second round look
to be For Glory. Buck, Rona, Sir Pasha,
Vandal, Tapioco, Bona Fide, Controller,
Chicago Boy, Wedgewood, Thornhill,
Homer Boy. Rural Artist, Hot Haste,
Shadow, Flying" Fox, Little Sister. Dew
drop. Ripple. Echo. Black Head, Fiery
Face Flora McDonald, Roman Athlete,
Narcissus, Silver Cloud, Anchor and
Santonin. ; ' ,
In the puppy event the Pasha kennels
Rustic Arbor beat Lopez & Sons' Kitch
ener for the decision, though odds of 2 to
1 were posted against him, and recorded
the only upset in the stake.
Tiburon looks to have a strong- hold on
first place, with Sterl & Knowles* For
Freedom puppies, Freeze Out and Cold
Shivers, contesting for the right to run
the final with him.
Following- are the day's results, with
Ju<?ge John Grace's official scores:
Luxor Is Second in Favor.
v' -Tiburon for Puppy
Event.
Talent Picks Jones' Dog
to Win Open, Stake
Honors.
HARLEAN GLADYSS
IS THE CHOICE
Derby to Be, Run on
Monday.
Preparing for the Latonia
Parader Wins From Bon
nibert at Morris
Park.
RACING ON FIVE
EASTERN TRACKS
More THan Two Thousand Dollars Will Go to the Hospital*
Charles Ledgett Won the Gup in the Gentlemen^s Race*
. ¦ ¦ : --'•¦,¦¦-¦..' : . . . ¦/.*¦¦•¦ ¦ ; • ' • .
CHARITY REAPS REWARD FROM
FABIOLA DAY AT OAKLAND TRACK
YALE DEFEATS
HARVARD TEAM
Annual Athletic Con
tests Between the
Two Colleges.
Interest Sustained Until the
Last Event, Which Was
. Decisive.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 11.— Yale de
feated Harvard this afternoon In .art excit
ing series of track events constituting the
annual meet between the universities.
The contests, were; spirited throughout
and interest never flagged. The games
did not begin until after 3 o'clock, but
were finished before 6. The score was:
Yale o7, Harvard 47. The final and de
cisive score was made in the last event,
the pole vault, up to which decisive con
test Harvard had a diminishing lead.
The great surprise of the day came in
the two-mile race. Yale had concetled it
to Harvard and- Harvard's men were run
ninc in the first mile as if it were only a
question of who of them was to set the
race At the seventh lax> Richardson set
a fast spurting pace. Teel of Yale caught
him in the stretch and in the straiKnt
away passed him, clearing several feel at
the tape. Gay of Yale came in third, mak
ing a total of six points for the blue
where onjy one had been hoped. The Tf ale
record In this event was broken
The 100-yard dash proved a tight to the
finish between Hargrave of Yale and
Lightner, Hatght and Webb of Harvard.
The former won from the last Quarter or
the dash by an outlay of energy that waa
not exaected. He repeated the perform
ance in exactly the same way in the Z«
yard dash. In that event Dupeeof Yale,
a former crack sprinter, also came to time
in sensational fashion, winning second
place.
The mile run was Harvard's easily,
Weston of Yale being unable to catch
Clark, who was well paced.
In the broad jump Spraker of Yale did
pot do well. He was outclassed by the
Harvard contingent, three of whom di'
vided the event.
In the high jump Spraker beat Ellis of
Harvard. The shot-put was taken by
Yale easily, Sheldon, Goss and Becks
shutting out their competitors with good
distances. The hammer-throw was also
Yale's entirely, with Stillman, • Sheldon
and F. Gordon winning: out in order. The
pole vault' went at the comparatively low
height of 10 feet 3 inches to Yale. Hord,
Peaco and Thomas tied at that height.
There were thirteen\ events scheduled
for the afternoon, and points were scored
as follows: Firsts 5, seconds 2, thirds L.
Results:
Two-mile run— Won by Teel, Yale; Rich
ardson, Harvard, second; Gay, Yale,
third. Time, 9:55 4-5.
One-mile run— Won by Clark, Harvard; sec
ond, Weston, Yale; third. Waldron, Yale.
Time, 4:29 2-5.
120-yard hurdle— Won by Converse. Harvard;
second, Clapp, Yale; third, Willis, Harvard.
Time, 13 4-S seconds.
Shot-put— "Won by ¦ Sheldon. Yale distance 44
feet 8% Inches: second, Goss, Yale, distance 41
feet 9% inches; third, Beck, Yale, 41 feet 5ft
inches.
100-yard dash— "Won by Hargrave. Yale; sec
ond. Lightner, Harvard; third, "Webb. Harvard.
Time, 10 seconds. . . _• * .;"- ••¦
880-yard run— Won by Behr, Harvard; second,
Boynton, Harvard; third, Franchot, Tale.
Time, 2:01 1-5.
High Jump — Won by Spraker. Yale-, height
6 feet % inch; second, Kllis. Harvard. 5 feet lUi
inches; third. Roth, Harvard, & feet 10% Inches.
220-yard hurdle— "Won by "Willis, Harvard;
second, Clapp, Yale; third, Converse, Harvard.
Time, 22*4 seconds.
220-yard dash — Wen by Harsrave, Yale: sec
ond, I>upee, Yale; third, Lightner, Harvard.
Time, 21 4-5 seconds.
Broad Jump— "Won by Shirk. ""Harvard, dis
tance 21 feet 11 inches: second. Rlstlne, Har
vard, 21 feet 9 inches; third, Foster. Harvard,
21 feet 6% Inches.
Hammer throw — Won by Hamilton. Yale, dis
tance J41 feet 8 ipches; -second, Sheldon. Yale.
132 feet 9 Inches; third, Brown, Tale r 123 feet
11U inches. " : .
Pole vault— Hord, Peace and Thomas, all of
Yale, tied -at 10 feet 3 Inches. ;. V
PHILADELPHIA, May 11.— The- inter
collegiate bicycle races between Yale.
Pennsylvania and Columbia on the Wood
side Park track were poorly attended.
Yale won with 22 points, Pennsylvania
second with 8 points, Columbia third with
4 points..
The intercollegiate record for the quar
ter mile was lowered two-flfths> of a Sec
ond by O. C. Butts of Yale, who rode the
distance in 30 2-5 seconds. In the dual
meet between the University of Pennsyl
vania and Columbia University on Frank
lin field to-day Pennsylvania won by 8S
points to 55. The contestants were handi
capped by a heavy track and field.
Harvard Wins at Golf.
I ATLANTIC CITY. N. J., May 11.—Hal
stead Linsey.cf Harvard won the inter
collegiate golf championship to-day by
defeating Charles Hitchcock of Yale by
two up and one to play In a thirty-eight
hole match. In the tournament juat closed
Harvard won both the team and Indi
vidual championships of the colleges.
"Penn" Beats Annapolis.,
ANXAPOLIS, ltd., May 11.—Pennsylva
nia varsity boat crew won to-day from
the naval cadets' first crew. Time—Penn
sylvania 10:34, cadets 10:35. ; ' -./~ '¦,
The Pennsylvania, freshmen won from
the cadets' second crew. Time — Pennsyl
vania 9:11 2-5, cadets 9:35 2-5.
Harry Vardin. "Wins.
LONDON, May 11.— The concluding
stage of the Richmond professional golf
tournament to-day attracted a big crowd.
In the outward journey of the first rouad
the brothers Vardon played a close game,
but on the homeward Harry gained and
finished the first eighteen holes with five
up.
- Mortality among the colored people of
Baltimore durins 1SD0 was three times
greater than among the whites. Tuber
culosis caused one-tenth of the deaths.
San Francisco 3, Oakland 2.
Sad was the wind-up of the game at
Recreation Grounds yesterday afternoon—
for the Dudes. Until the eighth inning
they had victory, wings, tail feathers and
all, but the game was not yet over.
In that round the local team came to
the bat and something happened which
proves that such a thing as luck exists
Jn this world. Schwartz reached first on
a fielder's choice, Krug following with a
two-bagger. Then Holland hit to left and,
Dunleavy dropping the ball, Schwartz
scored, Krug going to third and Holland
to second. Then Pabst rolled out the bail
to right, scoring Krug and Holland, it
looked as if Holland had been put out at
the plate, but Umpire Donohue said no,
so the game was won. Lohman kicked
hard and lone without. result.
Kru'g's brilliant work at short has not
been surpassed this season. He caught
seemingly impossible flies, covering miles
of territory. His throwing was likewise
of the sensational order. Iburg pitched
a splendid game, allowing 0>ut five hits.
The score: ¦/ ¦ .
SAN FRANCISCO. %
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Croll. cf , 4, 0 10 1 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 5 - l,3j 0 ¦ 0 0 2:0
Krug, s.s 4 1. 1 - 0 ¦-', 4 : 4 ,1
Holland, rf .4 1 1 0 ¦ 1 0V0
Pabst. lb ...: 4 0 1 0 , 14 , , 0 .' 0 :
Graham, c .....4 ' 6 : . 0 0 '-"• 3 1 " 0
Nordyke. If 3 0 0 0 ". 4, 0 1
Reilly. 3b ...4-0 -'3 0 0' 4:1
Iburg, p 3, j 0 * 1 ¦ 0 0 -2V-.0
Totals .......Z5 3 8 0 ,27 13/r'S
OAKLAND. •¦,,-" . ;/..">
AB.-H.BH. SB..PO. A.j a.
Drennan, cf 4 1 2 11. S> .\ 0
Strelb, lb ..'3 0 1 0 10- 0 0
Moskiman, p......... 3 0 "0 0 1 4*%0
Arrellanes, 2b........ 4 0 0 6 3' 0.-0
Dunleavy. If 4 10 0 1 0 ;' 1
Francks, s.h ....."4" 0 0 0 2 6:0
Moore. 3b 4 0 2 0 1 1-2
Lohman, c ;. 4 0-00 3' 0 * 0
Held, rf 3 ~" 0 .0- 0 5 0 v v 0
Babbitt 1 0 0.0-0 0'>0
.. Totals .34 -2 6 , l' -27 ;1O '. 3"
RUNS.AND HITS BY INNINGS.-; :•...
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0-0/0 3 0—3
Base hits ...'. ....2 0 0 0 2.0 1'2 1— 8
Oakland ...0 0 0 1: 1" 0 OX<K 0— 2
Base hits ... ::." 0 0 0 1" 2 '1 . 1," 0 0— 5,
- '..SUMMARY. ''•: V.'v. r: "v ; •*¦
Runs responsible ,f or— Iburtr L Two-baee hits
—Moore, Reilly, Krug, Drennan. Sacrifice hits
—Nordyke, Iburg. First base on errors— San
Francisco 3, Oakland 3. First base on called
balls — San Francisco 1, Oakland 2. Left on
bases— San Francisco 8, Oakland 7. Struck out
—By Iburg 3, by Moskiman 1. Time of game—
1 hour 45 minutes. Umpire— Donohue. Official
scorer — McFarlln.
LOS AMXJELES WINS
Game Saved to Orangemen by
Novice's Clever Play. . . . '
IjOS ANGELES, May 11.— Al Brlseno,
the 19-year-old ¦wonder, saved th&gamo
for Los Angeles to-day by backing up
first base in the second inning, taking: a
bad throw and completing a double play
at second base. Good hitting and a little
luck gave .Los Angeles enough runs to
win. Score: • -
. ; ... ¦ LOS AXGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, r. ........ 5 1 2 0 2 0 0
Kelly, s. s 4-110330
Hutchinson. lb 4.2 1 0 81 0
Householder, c. f 5 1 2 0 4 0 0
Spies, c 4 13 2 6 3 0
Rellly. 3b 3.010121
Briseno, 2b 4 0 1 0 1 3 0
Bowman, 1. f 4. 0 10 2 0 0
Jcnes, p............... 4.0 0 0.0.0 0
Totals.. ...37. 6 1? 2 27 12 1
' . ' - SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. Bli. SB. PO. A E.
McGucken. c. f 6 1 1-0 1 0 1
Devereaux. s. s 4 0 10 0 6 0
Courtney. 2b 4 0 0 0 4 6 0
McLaughlin, 1. f 3 2 112 11
Hanlon, lb 4 1 1 0 14 0 0
Doyle, r. f 3 0 3 0 10 0
Stanley, c 4 0 2 0 4 2 0
' Sheehan, 3b 3 0 0 0 12 0
Thomas, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals .. 34 4 9 1 27 17 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
Lios Angeles 20 3 0 .0 0 1 0 0— 6
Base hits 2 0 4 1112 0 1—12
Sacramento .w 0 0 0 13 0 0 0 0—4
Base hits 0 2 0 3 3 0 1 0 0—9
SUMMARY.
Earned runs — Los: Angeles 2. Sacramento 2.
Two-base hits— Kelly, Spies, McGucken, Doyle.
Sacrifice hit— Kelly. First base on called balls
— <>££ Thomas 2, on* Jones 4. Left on. bases—
.Los Angeles 8, Sacramento 7. Struck out— By
Jones 5, by Thomas 2. Hit by pitcher — Spies,
Rellly. Double play — Hutchlnson to ¦ Spies to
Briseno to Kelly. Passed ball— Stanley. Time
of frame— 1:50. Umpire— J. O'ConnelL Scorer—
Cashman. - ¦
Plate Provokes Ire of I
"Pete" Lohman. v
Questionable Decision at the
Lucky Ending to a Game
That Looked Like :
a Defeat.
HARRIS WINS
IN THE EIGHTH
.-¦-.?:.; ¦- •,.-•••;;. / - ' ' • - ¦ ¦'.'¦-- -, .•¦;•-. ,¦¦•••¦,¦. ..-..,¦ ¦¦¦ —.¦.-. . ¦ .- ¦ . , ••-,..
THE SAN FRAffCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 12, 1901.
26
S H Event No. 3.
V% >< Delicacy.
£2 §2. > o — ?T
§? I? 5?i* a?s- ~
2? S? ig 10 o
CONTESTANT. - r ? « g3 og *
r ;• r r s
Eattu 92 80.4 89.8 74.2 81.11
Brotherton 113 91.8 87 78.4 82.8
Brooks 99 89.8 91.8 80 85.10
Everett 114 89.4 92 83.4 87.8
Mansfield S0.4 98 81.8 88.10
Muller 106 91.4 83.4 81.8 82.6
Your.K 100 86 96.8 84.2 90.5
Smyth 8J 92.8 84.2 88.5
Golcher 120 88 83.4 78.4 86
Skinner 94 89 81.4 80.10 86.1
S H Event No. 3.
V% >< Delicacy.
£2 §2. > o — ?T
§? I? 5?i* a?s- ~
2? S? ig 10 o
CONTESTANT. - r ? « g3 og *
r ;• r r s
Eattu 92 80.4 89.8 74.2 81.11
Brotherton 113 91.8 87 78.4 82.8
Brooks 99 89.8 91.8 80 85.10
Everett 114 89.4 92 83.4 87.8
Mansfield S0.4 98 81.8 88.10
Muller 106 91.4 83.4 81.8 82.6
Your.K 100 86 96.8 84.2 90.5
Smyth 8J 92.8 84.2 88.5
Golcher 120 88 83.4 78.4 86
Skinner 94 89 81.4 80.10 86.1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Bicycles! J
| TteBiayjJ
© In the Cycling World. TP •
S " CLEVELANDS S
S $35 $40 $50 S
S TRIBUNES S
• $35 $40 $50 |
g CRESCENTS •
f $25 $30 $35 I
o SNELLS 3
2 $25 $30 $40 $50 S
5 See the Cleveland RED-HEAD RACER, •
9 with special Palmer Tires. "Beauties'"; 9
Q in a class of their own. - ... Q*
a • Good allowance for your old bicycle. Z
• LEAVTTT S BILL, %
0 309 LarKin Street •
v ' 9
a Bargains in second-hand bicycles, a
2| Send for list. . g
1 After^the Fire!
6UN STORE
I Reopened at old number. 421 . Kearny
I street. Goods slightly damaged by water
I and lire to be sold •- for thirty days at
I Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and
I SPORTING GOODS of every description.
I All new goods at special discount during
I sale.' Highest cash price paid for raw
I Furs. Send 3 cents for postage of 100-
I page Illustrated catalogue.School • Superintendent McClymonds to
day issued a circular to the principals un
der his direction announcing that .the)
schools will be closed on "Wednesday, and
that the school children will attend the
reception in a body. Each pupil will be
provided with a flag in lieu of the ta
booed bouquets. No hurling of nosegays
will be tolerated.
The committee has arranged to wire the
route along- which the President will
travel. A troop of regulars will accom
pany him from Berkeley and a company
of . infantry will reinforce them here.
Plans are perfected for the policing of
the route and it is hoped that it' can be
kept perfectly clear.
W. When all is in readiness the Presi
dent will be introduced by Mayor Barstow
and will deliver his speech to the waiting
thousands. He will' then retire to the
private room until all the rest of the
party have taken their carriages, when
without delay, he ' can join the proces
sion, which will move down Broadway to
the wharf, where the revenue cutter will
be in waiting to t&ke the Presidential
party across the bay.
CHAIRMEN OF THE VARIOUS SUB-COMMITTEES OF THE COMMITTEE ON RECEPTION.
Soni« valentines were scented and oth
ers were merely sent: ;
Furniture at your 'own price. "> H. • Schellhaas,
408 11th ft., corner store, Oakland." •
Eighty willow and rattan rockers, $3 50 up
ward. H. Bchellhaae, 408 11th et., Oakland. : •
, OAKLAND, May 11.— George Dunham,
accused of robbing- a milkman of $18, was
declared- guilty i by, a jury this morning
after, an. all-night session. Thomas Estes,
accused of being Dunham's accomplice In
the hold-up, will be tried on May 20.- r,
Dunham Guilty of Bobbery.
ALAMEDA. May 1L— Charles F. Trethe
way came up before justice Morris this
morning for sentence, he naving pleaded
guilty to failure to provide for his wife
and child. The Justice gave him until 2
o clock to whether he would pay
his wife S20 a month. He contemplated
the situation in jail until 2 o'clock and
then caved In. He promised to pay.
Tretheway Agrees to Pay.
Death' of Mrs. Hersam.
BERKELEY, May 11.— Mrs. Grace D.
Hersam.-wife of E.. A. Hersam. assistant
professor of=metallurgy at the University
of " California," died this morning at her
home, 2211 /Union street. , She was a native
of New Hampshire, aged - 32 years.
Funeral services will be held Monday
morning at 10 o'clock from the family res
idence. -;,'-¦_.¦ '. ;.•
What Belle-Oudry Has to Say.
First-class photographers never Issue
coupons or discount tickets of any kind.
It is all humbfjg. Coupons never give sat
isfaction. Pay for your photos a reason
able rate and don't think that a Rood
photographer is necessarily a high priced
one. Look for art in the photograph
rather than external appearances.
Studio over Abrahamson's store, en
trance on Thirteenth street. Oakland. •
OAKLAND, May! 11.— The drug clerks of
Oakland,^ Alameda and Berkeley organ
ized temoorarily last night with ¦ twenty
out of thirty- three men so employed In
those cities. , The object of the organiza
tion is to secure closing hours at 9 o'clock
instead of 10 o'clock on week days and 10
o'clock instead of 11 on Saturdays and the
evenings before holidays. Louis Miller
was chosen -president and J. Schultz'sec
retary. , . ,
Drug | Clerks Organize.
OAKLAICD, May 11. — Frank O. ICebeker
and Miss Marjora Hamilton, both of Ala
meda. were quetly married in this city on
Thursday evening by the Rev. Abraham
Powell of the First Christian Church. The
wedding- was secret, and even the famil
ies of the parties were not notified. , The
couple were attended by City Clerk Gil
logly of Alameda and Miss Ruby Hunter,
daughter of the Postmaster of LIvermore.
The couple are now on a wedding trip
5OUth.
Married in Secret.
OAKLAND. May 11.— A. L. Stone has
purchased the home of Ira Bishop on
vernon street, near United States Sena
tor Perkins' residence. The consideration
is not mentioned In the deed, but the
revenue stamps indicate a price of $12,500.
Mr. Bishop was at one time the head of
the Piedmont Electric Railroad and later
the general manager of the Oakland
Transit Company. When he gave up his
interests in Oakland he moved to San
Francisco and has now sold his home.
Bishop Residence Sold.
.At the open meeting next Thursday evening
of. the Ebell Society Mrs. Sarah C. Borland will
preside and a veVy. Interesting programme has
been arranged for the occasion, an attractive
feature being a talk by the Rev. E. E. Baker.
Mr. Baker is very entertaining and his subjedt,
"A Pilgrimage to Literary Shrines,". "is very
promising. Miss Ada Trefethen will render sev
eral selections on the piano. Mrs. Borland will
be" assisted by Mrs. Kate Bulkley, Mrs. A. A.
Dennlson, Miss Anna Hambley, Dr. H. P. Van
Kirk and Mrs. Kate Carter. ..
Selby, Mrs. Milton Bulkley and Mrs. F. R,
Catton. • »
MANY PARTIES GIVEN
FOR THE LITTLE FOLKS
Mrs. ; Kate A. - Bulkley ; save a tea yesterday'
afternoon, at her residence on Albion street, in"
honor of her niece. Miss Ethel Catton, who has
Just graduated from the University of Califor
nia. La France roses, lilies and the golden pop-'
pies were arranged artistically about the house.
A number ' of: young ¦¦ ladies, members ¦ of the
Kappa Gamma Societyj of the University, - as-'
sUted In receiving, among < them ¦ being: Miss
Ethel Catton, Miss Eva Powell, Miss Ella Ster
rltt. Miss Blanch Jennings,'- Miss Elsa ; Llchten
berg,: Miss .'Marlon . McEIrath,;'. Miss : Lucille
Graves, ¦ Miss Mabel Donaldson, . Miss Coralle
Last Thursday afternoon Miss Jessallne Hor
ton gave a party. for a number of her little
friends at -the Hotel Metropole, In honor '. of
her birthday, t Dancing . and . recitations caused
the hours to speedily pass- and after partak
ing of .refreshments the young: people took
their departure.; wishing Miss Jessallne many
happy returns of , her. natal day. : .
¦•¦ v ¦ >'/ .¦'• •¦'; ,*¦'- .*¦'¦ -¦¦¦:
. The members of the choir of the First Con
gregational Church was pleasantly entertained
last Saturday at the Hotel Metropole 'by Miss
Marion - Horton. x Several , musical selections
were rendered and a delightful- evening closed
with an elaborate. banquet in the private din
ing-room, ' which was : artistically, decorated. •
OAKLAND, May 11.— Miss Vita Vincent en
tertained a number of her young friends this
afternoon at her. home .on Durant street. The
house was prettily decorated in pink. With
games and dainty refreshments the little folks
passed a delightful afternoon. The guests
of Miss Vincent were: Misses Margaret
Ritchie, Lulette Mauvais, Norma Humph
reys. Mabel RIgelman, Mildred Trlpp.' Flor
ence Burrell.' Edna Snyd.er, Florence Thomas,
Bessie Elliott, Helen Thomas, Fay Chapman,
Elizabeth Orrlck. Kittle Hyde, Gladys Brig
ham, Eula -Brlgham, - Hester i Rowley, 'Alice
Rowley, Lottie Beach, -Avis Walrath, : Alice'
Burdlck. Mary Burdicft, Genevleve Trapp,
Anita Thompson, Julette < Cooke. Evelyn HU1,
Bessie Coghlll, Wllma - Taylor, \ Florence
Treadwell, Florence Goddard, Alice Cooke.
Alice, Hoyt. Gladys Wilson, Margaret Nelson,
Edna' Prather, Ruth Woodbury, Edna . Lan
ders and Dottle Egbert. ; . .'. .
for 1902 of the order of Knights of Pythias
of California having in charge the prelim
inary arrangements for the entertain
ment of the supreme lodge of that order
during its convention in August, 1902, In
this city, and of the uniform rank and al
lied associations, such as the Rathbone
Sisters, the Dramatic ' Order Knights, of
Khorassan, Pythian Press Association
and Association of Grand Keepers of Rec
ords and Seal, met yesterday afternoon in
the grand lodge office to consider matters
of great importance In connection with
their duties.
A plan was formulated for submission
to- the grand lodge next week at its meet
ing in Stockton, looking toward the meet
ing of the expense to be incurred In re
ceiving the supreme lodge, which will ag
gregate $50,000, and the arrangement of
means of- entertainment for all visitors.
The supreme l chancellor of the order,.
Hon. Ogden H. Fethers of Janesville,
Wis.,- ; ..accompanied by Major General
James R. Carnahan, the commanding of
ficer, and his .adjutant, general, J. M.
Powell,' both of Indianapolis. Ind., are to
arrive in this city on Wednesday evening
next and- will be the guests of the order
during their . stay < and .while in attend
ance upon the Stockton convention. These
gentlemen - come ¦ to . look over the field
and assist the local committee of arrange
ments with suggestions that are the re
sult of . their experience on similar occa
sions.' . . . . ¦¦-.-' .
During his stay in this city, the major
general may be prevailed upon to mus
ter in companies of the uniform; rank at
Healdsburg and at Stockton.
: - It is proposed to • call the \ grand lodge
together in 'Special convention at^Stock
ton at "10 o'clock on the 20th lnst. in or
der that the members may have the op
portunity of meeting the President dur
ing , his brief stop in that city.
PYTHIAN" PKEPABATTONS
FOE, THE SUPREME LODGE
Arranging for the State Convention
\ in Stockton Next £#*,
Week.'
The general committee of arrangements
Mrs. Rose declared that the cruel treat
ment of the child was a matter, of noto
riety about the neighborhood. She fsaid
that on one occasion he- had been forced
to sleep out in the open all night in a
rainstorm. _ . . _ •
Mr. Bird is an employe oflthe Southern
Pacific Company. The family; has lived
in south Berkeley about three months.
"I gave the child breakfast and then
sent him to • school. When he returned
heme his mother locked him up and went
away. At' 5 o'clock his elder brother let
him out and he came to me. Knowing
how cruelly he was treated at home, I
kept him and \was working with the'So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty : to
Children of San Francisco to have him
taken from his parents, .when- Mrs. Pres
cott came. His father has threatened me
with San Quentin . for keeping - the child,
but I could not bear the thought of let
ting them beat him."
Child Leaves Home.^
Mrs. Rose told a different story. She
said: "Last Tuesday • morning when my
husband got up at 5 o'clock to go to the
city he found Harry shivering on the
perch. The child was cold and hungry.
He said he had slept In the Ashby-avenue
railroad station-house all night. , This we
can prove, for we have witnesses who saw
him. . •.'-• . . ••:•
and came over. I went to the house and
demanded the boy. They* denied all
knowledge of his whereabouts, though he
was there at that very time. Mrs. Rose
ran screaming across the street to Dr.
Allen's house. I followed her, and she
finally told me that Mrs. M. J. White at
tho Parfott building in San Francisco
knew where the boy was. I Immediately
recrcssed to San Francisco and the police
helped me find Mrs. White, wife: of the
secretary of tne Children's Aid Society,
though the hour was then very late. Mrs.
White told me that a womon, apparently
insane, came into the office, and, giving
tho name of Rose, said she had a boy
concealed In her house. V
"I came backhand this morning went
wjth Marshal Kerns to Dr. Allen's •house.
He denied all knowledge of the affair, as
did the Roses. Then I went to Oakland
and got Mrs. Prescott. She came out and
in twenty minutes found my child in
Rose's house."
Harrison to Fourteenth street, west on
Fourteenth to 'Washington street, south
on Washington to Thirteenth street, west
on Thirteenth to Jefferson street, south
on Jefferson to Twelfth street, west on
Twelfth to the High School building.
The President will be taken to a beautl-
fully ,? decorated room In the schoolhouse
to rest in quiet while the members of his
party are being seated on the stand on
the south side of the building, facing the
Eleventh-street court. / Here smaller
flanking stands have been erected for the
officials of the county and city respective-
Demands His Boy.
"I immediately left my place of business
W. M. Bird, the father of the child,
lives opposite the Rose home at 2328
Lorena street. He said:, ,
"My boy was enticed from home. I
don't know why, but he was, and he was
kept in conlinement by Mrs. J. J. Rose
right across the street from us all the
while we were hunting for him, from
Tuesday afternoon till this nrornins:. This
is the way we found him after keeping
the police all around the bay stirred up
and going nearly crazy ourselves: Miss
Lombard, • the principal of the school
where Harry attended, told my wife yes
terday that Mrs.- Rose knew where -the
child was. My wife went there, but they
would not let her in. Then she came over
to San Francisco and told me what she
had heard.
BERKELEY, May 11.— Two strange and
conflicting stories are told regarding the
disappearance of seven-year-old Harry
Bird from his home in South Berkeley
on Tuesday. One is a story of motherly
protection for an illy treated child, the
other a story of threatened kidnaping.
The child was this morning taken from
the home of J. J. Rose, 2927 Lorena street,
by Mrs. L. A. Prescott, president of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children in this county.
Harry Bird Found Near
the Home of His
Parents.
CHILD IS KEPT
BY A NEIGHBOR
non Heights. There a brief reception will
be given, at which the members of the
reception committee and other leading
citizens will have an opportunity to meet
McKinley.
From the Perkins residence the proces
sion of carriages bearing the President
and the citizen escort will move down
Vernon avenue to Bay place, thence to
Webster street, south on Webster to
Nineteenth or Durant street; east on
Nineteenth to Jackson street, south on
Jackson to Thirteenth- street, west on
Thirteenth to Harrison street, north on
William Z. Smith has brought suit
against Antoinette Smith for divorce on
the ground of desertion.
Judge Hall to-day granted Carrie Emma
Vogt a divorce from Henry F. Vogt on
the ground of failure to provide.
Reglna Willey has begun suit for divorce
from Frank D. Willey on the ground of
desertion.
OAKLAND, May 11.— Mrs. Nora Miller
accuses her husband, William T. Miller,
of leaving her for two years to support
four young children. She has filed suit
for divorce on the ground of desertion.
Divorce Court Record.
OAKLAND, May 11.— Marriage licenses
were issued at the County Clerk's office
to-day to the following named, couples:
Pietro Sarasco of Oakland, aged 34, to
marry Mansucro Rena of Oakland, aged
19; A. J. Vennillya of San Francisco,
aged 21, to marry Carrie S. Beck of Ala
meda, aged IS; Antonio V. Martins of
Oakland, aged 46, to marry Maria Rodri
ques of Oakland, aged 44; James M.
Davitt of San Jose, aped 39, to marry
Eugenie Simard of Oakland, aged 31;
Abraham Cox of Watsonville, aged 78, to
marry Mary Bimp6on of Berkeley, aged
€5; John B. Maciel of Oakland, aged 27, to
marry Rosa C. Costa, of Oakland, aged
22: Herman G. Hansen of San Francisco,
aged 25, to marry Matilda Johansen of
San Francisco, aged 25; Oscar G. Moeser
of Oakland, aged 21, to marry Amelia
Bruiinell of Oakland, aged 26; Willis G.
Jones of Nashville. Tenn., aged 21, to
marry Mary V. Cripps of San Francisco,
aged IS; James E. Fathera of Nashville,
Tenn., aged 21, to marry Marie Cripps of
San Francisco, aged 19; Wesley W.
Howell of San Francisco, aged 34, to
marry Myra E. Burns of Alameda, aged
27.
Licensed to Wed.
The rumor is again in circulation that
the MoroECOs have secured a site for a
r.ew Oakland theater. This time it is
6ald that the old Snell Seminary property,
on Twelfth street, has been leased for a
term of years and that construction will
eoon begin on a large building.
Renewed Reports That the Moroscos
Are About to Secure a Theater
in Oakland.
OAKLAND, May 1L— Manager Landers
Stevens announces an elaborate bill at the
Dewey Theater for McKinley week. "The
Man About Town" is the piece which is
to be put on by the Stevens stock com
pany, reinforced by a large number of
clever vaudeville specialists from outside.
The run of "Nell Gwyn," which ends
this week, ie the most successful achieved
by any play at this popular playhouse.
It has attracted a high class of patrons,
wno have sent many requests to have the
plav continued, but it was impossible to
do eo on account of contracts previously
made for other attractions.
COMING ATTRACTION'S
AT THE DEWEY THEATEE
' Decoration of buildlnss — H. P. Carleton
(chairman), D. E. Collins. R. H. Chamber
lain, M. J. Keller. D. F. McWade.
Decoration of harbor — J. P. Taylor (chair
man), W. "W. Foote. John .L. Howard, "W. A.
Boole Jr.. H. P. Dalton.
Building and construction— Arthur Brown
(chairman). J. D. Isaacs. "W. F. Kelly.
Good order — S. C. Hodsklns (chairman).
Finance— John " Mitchell (chairman). W. B.
Henshaw. Sol Kahn, R. M. Brlare, Theo Gler,
A. H. Breed, Charles R. Yates, George "W.
Fisher, Geonre E. de Golia.
The committee on streets and roads
requests all owners of property along the
route of the procession to have all rub
bish and weeds, removed from the. street
and sidewalks in front of their respective
homes. ".
Postmaster W. H. Friend will have a
display of his own. He will take the en
tire force of the Oakland Postofflce and
deplov them at the corner of Fourteenth
and Franklin streets. ; Every member of
the force in new uniforms, with the new
carts, will be arranged in dress parade
order and will then go to San Francisco,
where they will participate In the general
reception to Postmaster General Smith.
Decoration of streets and roads— A. S. Mac
donald (chairman), H. - F. Gordon, F. M.
Smith. R. M. Fitzgerald. "W. V. WKcher, O.
B. Daniels, "Warren Olney.
Streets and roads — P. W. Delger (chairman).
C. D. Bates, E. B. Jerome, F. Sinclair, Charles
F. Ott.
Executive committee — Edson F. j Adams
(chairman), John A. Britton, P. E. Bowles,
H. C. Tart. Sam Bell McKee.
Transportation — R. P. Jennings (chairman),
T. T. Darsrle. Charles E. Snook.
The revised list of sub-committees mak
ing up the reception committee is as fol
lows:
"I only hope that our Oakland citizens
will appreciate the situation and oppor
tunity and not permit of too great a con
trast between the reception here and
those in other cities."
ness houses along the route of the pro
cession. The committee circulated peti
tions from house to house and have se
cured the signatures of practically all the
property owners Interested to - decorate
their stores and homes in honor of the oc
casion. '
Especial efforts at decorative effect will
be made at the Cit- Hall and at the
Courthouse and Hall of Records. • The
city and county officials have made lib
eral contributions for this purpose.
Congressman Victor ' H. Metcalf re
turned last night from viewing the great
continuous ovation tendered the President
in the south. He held a conference with
the Oakland committee, urging upon It
the importance of improving to the full
the city's opportunity favorably to im
press the eminent visitors who compose
the Presidential party. He said:
"It would have been an "inspiration to
the committee If you could have visited
Rcdlands and Los Angeles and noted how
those southrons hustle to receive a Pres
ident. All over the south they are show
ing off their cities. With the Presidential
partv. In a car of their own, are some of
the brightest newspaper men of America.
They have photographers and telegraph
ers with them. Nothing escapes their
eyes or ears.
OAKLAND, May 11.— A cour
teous consideration for the
President's comfort is the
central idea of the reception
to be given McKinley in
Oakland, next Wednesday.
To give the distinguished
visitor the freedom of the city and extend
to him a greeting of genuine enthusiasm
and. heartfelt welcome without jostling or
inconvenience or vexatious delays is the
care of the committee on 'arrangements.
Oakland will have the President for
about three hours from the time the
Berkeleyans surrender him into his keep
ing at Senator. Perkins' residence on Ver-
"I have nothing to say," is all that Wil
liam Hammond would enunciate regard-
Ing the encounter and its provocation.
Conservative estimates give 500 as the
number of people who saw the two broth
ers at it. The spectators came on the run
from all directions as soon as the alarm
was given. Park street and Santa Clara
avenue, where the mill took place. Is the
renter of the business district and «. clear
view is had of the corner from, the ad
jacent streets. No attempt was made by
spectators to interfere. No policeman was
on the scene. . .
The troubles of the brothers Hammond
are said to be due to finances. As the
etory of their transactions goes. Brother
William cot Brother Charles to indorse
his note about four years ago for $300.
He has never been able to pay interest
or principal, and it has devolved upon the
Indorsee to come up with 10 per cent a
year. Recently, however, a relative of
Mrs. William Hammond died in San Fran
cisco, leaving her. it is stated. $2000.
Brother Charles saw here a chance to be
relieved of the responsibility of the afore
eaid note, and several times lately he has
Importuned Brother William to settle.
But William has always shown a disposi
tion to avoid ytfie issue.
"We met by chance on Park street this
morning," is the way Charles Hammond
tells the rest of the story. "It was the
old story over again. I tried to get some
satisfaction out of my brother, but
couldn't. I told him I thought he was in
a position now to pay off that note, but
he £ald be wasn't, and that the amount
his wife received from the estate was ex
aggerated We both became pretty angry
and 6aid some hard things about each
other. I don't know which struck first
I know that I didn't try hard to defend
myself and. in fact, backed away, after
striking one or two blows. I don't think
it's very dignified for a City Trustee to
fight In the principal street of the city. It
was unfortunate."
ALA1IEDA, May 11.— City Trustee
Charles J. Hammond and former City
Trustee William Hammond, brothers.
were concerned in a sanguinary "mix-up"
on Park street this morning. Out of the
conglomeration of arms, legs and dust
came Charles Hammond with both lay
ers of skin off sections of his nose and
left cheek and a little the worst of it all
around, while William Hammond emerged
•with merely a bloodshot eye. No arrests
followed the melee and there will be none.
Trouble Due to Note Which
His Relative Would Not
Settle.
City Trustee Hammond
Loses Portion of
His Skin.
BROTHERS FIGHT
IN THE STREET
BRAVE SOLDIERS
MARRY SISTERS
Return Prom Philippines
and Claim Waiting
Sweethearts.
TVo Happy Couples Depart
for Tennessee After
Double Wedding.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 1L
| Comrades in the Philippines, two Ten
nessee Volunteers. "Willis G. Jones and
James E. Fathera, after meeting and van
quishing the grim sisters war and disease
In the tropics, met and were taken captive
by the sweet sisters Marie and : Mary
Cripps of ' San Francisco. To-night tha
soldier boys left for their sunny homes in
Nashville, taking the sisters as their
brides back to the old folks, who are pre
paring for them a Southern welcome by
the banks of the Cumberland.
Their romance began one day -when the)
Misses Cripps. with bevies of other
charming 1 maidens, were visiting the camp
of the Tennesseeans at the Presidio be
fore the command was taken to the isl
ands. A mutual friend introduced them
and the acquaintance ripened rapidly into
love, and love to plighted troth. The sis
ters vowed to remain true to their soldier
lovers, who swore in turn to come back
to them if spared by . storm and fever and
bullets.
They passed through the campaign In
safety and have just been mustered out
of the service. True to their promise,
they no sooner arrived In San Francisco*
than they sought out the waiting maidens
and found that they, too, had remained
unchanged. So when the two campaigners
had settled with Uncle Sam they lost no
time in getting tickets for four on to
night's east-bound overland. Then they
crossed the bay. Private Jones with Mary
and Private Fathera with Marie, and had
a double wedding performed by Justice
Qulnn. After the two knots were tied the
happy couples went to the pier and start
ed on the long trip half-way across the
continent to Nashville.
EASTERN' T?i*f" i f Tt *' T;r; -'
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
BOSTON, May 1L— Nichols lost the game for
Boston to-day, eight runs being made off him In
the four Innings he pitched.- Five singles, a.
two-bagger, a three-bagger, a home run and
three bases on balls show his work. Attend
ance 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston * « J
Philadelphia 9 13 1
Batteries— Nichols, Willis and Klttridge; Orth
and Jacklltsch. Umpire— Nash.
CHICAGO. May 11.— St. Louis went all to
pieces to-day before the hard and consecutive
htttlnjr of both Powell and Sudhoff. Attendance
2SC0. Score:
Clubs— ¦ • - -r'..^'.R. H. E.
Chicago 12 14 1
St. Louis 3 9 5
Batteries— Fason and Chance: Powell, Sudhoff
and Schriver. Umpire— Emslie.
BROOKLYN, May 1L— Matthewson more than
maintained his reputation as a pitching wonder
by shutting out the Brooklyns and allowing
them only two hits. Only two of Brooklyn's
runners reached second. Attendance 8500.
Score: ' *.V
Clubs— . R. H. E.
New York .7 » 2
Brooklyn ..~ 0 2 0
Batteries— Matthewson and Smith; Kennedy,
Hughes and McGuire. Umpire— O"Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
MILWAUKEE, May 11.— Scott and Hcffer
were both easy to-day and the home team won
its first game of the series from. Cleveland. At
tendance 1S00. Score: .
Clubs— R- H. E.
Milwaukee 13 15 «
Cleveland 5 10 1
Batteries— Sparks and -Leahy; Scott, Hotter
and "Wood.
BALTIMORE. May 1L— The "Baltimore Amer
ican League team came within an ace of tie Ing
the score in the ninth inning to-day, but Snod
grass. running for Robinson, was thrown out at
the plate. Attendance 3547. Score:
Clubs— r J>vM'. **• H - B -
Baltimore 6 10 S
Athletics 7 14 . >1
Batteries— Howell and Robinson; Bernhardt
and Powers.
¦ DETROIT, May 11. — Detroit bunched four hit*
¦with Chicago's two errors in the first Inning to
day and drove In five runs. Chicago's three
runs in the sixth Inning were the result of
/our hits, two of them two-baggers. Attendance
7912. Score:
Clubs—' R. H. B.
Detroit • 9 9 2
• — 4 11 4
Batteries— Teager and Buelow; Skopec, Har
vey and Sullivan.
BOSTON, May 11.— After Lewis had filled the
bases In the first by gifts, Quinn drove a two
bagger to left, bringing In three runs and
winning the game for Washington.. Attendance
Clubs— B. H. E.
Boston 2 8 0
Washington 3 3 •
Batteries— Lewis and Criger; Lee and Clark.
Governor Bliss Will Stop Fight.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., May 11.—Gov
ernor Blis^ to-day forwarded positive or
ders to the Sheriff to prevent the Martln-
Childs prize fight, scheduled for this city
next Tuesday night. The promoters •were
confident of pulling oft the fight, placing
a great deal of reliance on the passage
by the Legislature, of a bill permitting
ten-round boxing contests in Michigan.
OAKLAND PUTTING ON GALA ATTIRE
IN WHICH TO GREET THE PRESIDENT
ALAMEDA COUNTY EAGER TO WELCOME M'KINLEY
THE SA*T jfUAHClSCO. .CALL, SUNDAY; MAT 12, 1901.
The committee has gone over the route
repeatedly and every part of the Journey
has been accurately timed In order to In
sure the successful execution of the plans.
• Work is progressing rapidly on. the dec
oration of the streets, residences and busi-
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. NG TOY KEE
Has Recently Removed
From 704 Sacramenio St.
">-"*<' 21 ° STOCKTON ST.
f* Opp. Union Square.
K 1 San Francisco. Cal.
*jf >v J| Has recently established
P*^ . V ?! the Tea and Herb Sanitar-
Vtr' Jr lum in thIs clty - All man-
1» if ner of disease, both exter-
.^-rk ' v na ' an( * Internal, and all
X manner of local diapaae
jt&*& '~~5tE&m£9 are sIllll f u lly treated w-th-
MSga *4]f*ifr-Jj out performing any kind
WBil&£w£*O'm' of operation whatever.
*»*€fl65Jv' Toothache cured free.
Office hours — MM2 a. m..
2-5 p. m., 7-9 p. in. dally. Telephone Red 16C5.
DR. NG TOT KEE,
210 STOCKTON ST., OPP. UNION SQUARE.
MILLBRAE. Cal.. Dec. 10. 1300.
Dear Sir: For thirty years I have suffered so
that at times life felt almost unbearable. The
different physicians I consulted could give me
no relief, pronounced it a complication of kid-
ney troubles. - etc. I was constantly feverish.
palnin v my side and had night sweats. I am
happy to say that with a month's treatment
and your herb medicine I am to-day a well
woman. And take great, pleasure In g!vlns this
testimonial and hope you publish It eo the
public may know of your wonderful skill.
Yours sincerely.
MRS. MARIA BUETERSLOH.
SAN FRANCISCO. May 6. 1301, '
DR. NG TOT KEE,
210 Stockton st.
For twelve years I have been a sufferer froffl
a cancer, and have had several operations
performed by the most renowned physicians in
this State. - and * being Informed that | It waa
incurable had given up all hope when a like
sufferer whom you had cured advised me to
consult ycu. I did 'so, and am happy to say
that after five months' treatment I am entirely
cured, and only too pleased to certify thla to
any one who will call upon me. Tours truly.
NELLIE "WALDSTEIN. , 633 Golden Gate ave.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Oct. 23." 13C0.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton St.— Dear
Sir: I ha\-e been treated by other doctors for
my stomach troubles, and all have failed, but
I finally called on you. and you, with your
skillful treatment, have cured me. I feel bet-
ter now . than I have for years, and I will
gladly recommend you to any one.'Toura truly.
- C. H. COWCAT.
- ' * " Brooklyn Hotel. s»» Fr*nciscat.€aL ¦On the night of the'' 27th Inst. Grand Re
corder Spencer and Grand Receiver Booth
will \isit the home lodge of the grand
foreman in Jackson, Amador County,
when there will be an open meeting and
addresses on Workmanship.
Past Master Mllllnrton addressed a
large open meeting at Meridan on the 2d
inst.
Special Deputy Wells Is reported as do
ing good work in Bakersneld and vicinity.
Cypress Lodge of San Bernardino will
have a two days' celebration to commence
on the 14th inst. and continue the next
day. •
designated as drones, who were willing to
sip the honey produced by the busy ones,
but unwilling to do anything to help in
crease the store of honey. Communica
tions were received from different cities
where it is proposed to establish and
maintain Past Masters' associations.
Stationary Engineers.
California No 3, National Association of
Stationary Engineers, at Its last held
meeting Initiated three candidates and
after a short business session "Oil aa
Fuel," "Furnace Construction" and
"Steam Piping" were discussed in a man
ner that imparted considerable informa
tion to those present. The educational
committee announced that during the cur
rent month George "W. Dickie, manager
of the Union Iron Works, will lecture be
fore the association on a subject that will
interest every member.
cations at Its last held meeting, making
forty-four received during: the contest.
which- Is to close on the last day of the
current month. The winners will be
treated to a banquet In the early part of
June at the expense of the losers.
The A. O. U. W. picnic will be held at
Fernbrook Park on the- 23d Inst.
Next Wednesday Excelsior Lodge "will
discuss "Trades Unions are Advantageous
to Individuals and Communities."
two candidates for Boadicea Circle at its
last b«ld -meeting-. -La»t -Thursday- night;
this circle had a very pleasant social.
Evergreen Circle of Stockton on last
Monday night received a number of appli-.
cations and expects several more so as to
have a large class to Initiate on the oc
casion of the visit of the grand officers.
Independent Order of Foresters.
The April number of the Forester, offi
cial organ of - the Independent Order of
Foresters, calls attention to the fact that
President "William McKinley joined the In
dependent x-oresters before he was elected
President. • .
The reserve fund of the order on the
1st of Apnl was $4,621,207, membership
179,940.
Court Diana, which has always been a
quiet worker, has for some time past
been remarkably active and cheerful, for
at every meeting it has received applica
tions for admission into the court. .Much
of the success of this court is due to tne
untiring efforts of Messrs. Stewart, Ish
urm and Knudson, aided by the efficient
court deputy, Thomas Williams, and the
members, who are all active, energetic
business men. This court at a recent
meeting sent a letter of condolence to a
brother of another court whom death had
robbed of his only child. It was a very
touching, sympathetic expression of fra
ternal feeling. - > ¦
High Chief Ranger McElfresh is making
visits to all courts in the State and will
soon visit the courts of San Francisco.
Ancient Order of "Workmen.
At the meeting of the Past Masters* As
sociation last Monday five eligibles were
elected to membership. There were ad
dresses by Deputy Grand Master Barnes,
Grand Lecturer Danforth, Grand Record
er Spencer and Grand Receiver Booth, the
latter supplementing his remarks with one
of his ever welcome topical songs. The
speakers outlined the work that is to be
done between the present time and the
next session of the Grand Lodge, and
there were sensible : remarks ~ on ' the
"greatest enemies of the order— those who
are. members of It and who are continu
ally finding fault with it." These were
-. GATE CHAPTER No.
r~y i * 1 on the 2d inst. celebrated an
/f I anniversary of Its institution
(I -\ In a quiet, home-like' way.
\V—L-^ There were many members
•7** * and visitors present, who after
. - the- business of- the -evening
was over adjourned to the banquet hall,
where there was dancing, songs and pro
gressive card games, also an address by
W. S. Moses, che founder of the order on
this coast. There were served Ice cream
and cakes during the evening and all had
a very enjoyable time.
The grand matron visited Mission Chap
ter last night. On the 14th she will visit
Unity Chapter, on the 15th she will be
with King Solomon Chapter, on the 16th
with Oakland Chapter and on the 18th
with California Chapter.
At the meeting of California Chapter on
the 4th inst. sixteen strangers were , ini
tiated, the officers doing their work ex
ceptionally well. The impressiveness of
the ceremony was added to by the music
rendered by tho chapter's new quartet and
Mrs. Altagracia Dominguez. The Califor
nia Chapter quartet, the members of
which each have most sweet musical
voices, is composed of Mrs. Georgia Ha
thorn, William H. Collins, Esther May
Phillips (organist and director) and
George B. Ferguson. The selections ren
dered by these were very favorably com
mented upon. The initiates of the even
ing were William and Mrs. Wankowski,
George E. and Mrs. Schulz, Clarence and
Mrs. Ayers, Charles and Mrs. Thierbach,
Matt Lindsay, James A. Devoto, Walter
A. Burkhardt, Lillian E. Elliott, Misses
Olga and Maetha Korbel, Miss Amelia
Burkhardt and Miss Emily Lindsay. This
chapter is making extensive preparations
for the reception of Grand Matron Mrs.
Maude. E. Bowes on the occasion of her
official visit on Saturday next.
There was a very Interesting meeting of
Morning Star Chapter in its beautifully
decorated rooms in Petaluma on the night
of the 4th inst., when there were initiated
in a faultless uianner six strangers In the
presence of forty members from Sotoyome
Chapter of Healdsburg, forty-five from
Rose Valley Chapter of Santa Rosa and
twenty-one from Gold Ridge Chapter of
Sebastopol, who came by special train to
attend the ceremony. There were repre
sentatives from other chapters present, in
all 225. The music was by Past Grand Or
ganist Mrs. Nellie A. Darling. After the
work there was a banquet, when speeches
were made by Junior Past Grand Patron
George L. Darling and the matrons and
patrons of the visiting chapters, as well
as by the patron and matron of the sit
ting chapter.
Ivy Chapter at its next meeting will
elect six candidates, and on the night of
the 28th inst. there will be Initiation, to
be followed by one of those pleasant so
cial hours that have been Inaugurated by
Mrs. Harriet T, Noah, the worthy ma
tron. I .
Last Thursday night there w*as a recep
tion and ball in Golden Gate Hall ten
dered by Past Patron M. J. Sa'vaga of
Harmony Chapter to its members and a
number of invited friends. The beautiful
decorations used the evening before for
California Chapter of the Royal Arch Ma
sons remained and were greatly admired
by those Who were not in attendance at
the preceding social function. There was
a large attendance of ladies and gentle
men, who were entertained not only wlih
dances but with an' impromptu pro
gramme of instrumental music, vocal se-'
lections and recitations, contributed by
the California Quartet, Miss Krone, Clar
ence T. Wendell, Miss Annie Johnson, E.
C. McBain and Professor Krone. It waa
a brilliant social function that was under
the direction of J. Klein, master of cere
monies; R. N. Carson, floor manager; Dr.
The Druids.
The picnic given by Galileo Grove at
Sausalito- last Sunday was a success be
yond expectation. It took eighteen cars
to convey the ' excursionists to the
grounds. All had a Jolly time. The dance
platform was under the management of
James F. Martinoni. P. N. G. £
i ?» 1 . y ? 1 5 la Grove at "s last held meeting
initiated two candidates and installed its
new officers. Herbert Armstrong is the
new noble arch.
Volta, Aurora and Alpini Grove's will
have a Joint picnlo at Schuetzen Park to
day and Golden Star Grove will have one
at Sausalito.
All of the twenty local groves have
elected. and installed the new officers for'
the term; also elected delegates to the
Grand Grove, which will meet in this city
on the 18th of June. From the personnel
of the delegates to that body it is expect
ed that there will be an active- and inter
esing session. . .
Grand Secretary Graves, by special in
vitation, was present at an open meeting
of Cypress Grove held last Monday night
for the purpose of installing the officers.
There were present the members of Peta
luma Circle and many friends of both or
ders. Past Arch G. N. Smith, secretary
of the grove, acted as noble grand arch
and E. P. Hanson as grand marshal. The
ceremony was well performed without
ritual. After the installation there was a
programme of entertainment and a dance.
This was followed by an excellent colla
tion prepared by the ladies of the circle
and partaken of by more than two hun
dred. . ?¦; •
Orange Grove of Los Angeles had an en
joyable picnic on the 6th inst More than
BOO attended. .
At its last held meeting Cypress Grove
Initiated two strangers.
The Druidesses.
Last Monday night Grand Arch Druld
ess.Mrs. Thornhill, assisted by the grand
officers and Mrs. Muir, Mr3. Heyden and
Mrs. and Miss Pary, initiated nine strang
ers for Olympia Circle. On Tuesday, as
sisted by-Arch Druidess Mrs. K. Martin
oni, she initiated four strangers "for Cy
press Circle of Colma, / '
District Deputy John Hutton initiated
Toomey as delegates and Mrs. D. Daniels
and Miss Buzzpnl as alternates: Sana
Souci Parlor has chosen Alice Munson
and Lizzie O'Neil delegates and Minnie
F. Dobbin and Emma Clarke as alter
nates. ¦•'..'¦
The Native Daughters' float In 'the Sac
ramento street parade was awarded the
$100 prize. It was "a dream," and much
of its beauty was the result of the untir
ing efforts of Grand President Mrs. Gett
to get up 'something grand.
Past Grand President Mrs. Lena H.
Mills has gone to Stockton for a few
weeks to visit her parents.
The Mayday picnic of Occident Parlor
of Eureka was a great success. This par
lor gave a minstrel entertainment on the
9th and 10th inst.
Chispa Parlor of lone had charge of the
annual Mayday picnic. Dr. Mariana Ber
tola delivered the oration.
San Luslta Parlor of San Luis Obispo
recently gave a grand ball and entertain
ment in the pavilion, at which the dele
gates to the Supervisors' Convention were
the honored- guests. ~- J. ,I\ I^ielder-aete^l
as master' of ceremonies and Mrs. 'T. J.
Bowen was chairman of the general com
mittee. There .was an excellent pro
gramme of varied numbers and an up-to
date programme of dances. A feature of
the evening was a Maypole dance by six
teen little girls. Last Sunday the parlor
held memorial services in its tastefully
decorated hall. Vocal and instrumental
music and literary efforts appropriate to
the solemn occasion made up the pro
gramme. The parlor has elected Misses
Anna Kluver and Josephine Rosellp as its
delegates to the Grand Parlor.
York; r! T. Rolph; James Rolph, San
Francisco; Mrs. - E. La Montagne, Jr.,
daughter and maid. New York; : G. de
Wulff, Valparaiso; A. Duran y Rlvas,
Paris; W. H. McCormack. Mr. and-Mrs.
P. C. Costello, J/ P. Gilllsple. New York;
James de BermeVille, Philadelphia, Pa. ;
Milo M. Acker and wife, Hernesvillo, N.
Y.; Mrs. Eugene H. C.Clapp, Miss Clapp,
Miss Mary L. Clapp, Miss Rosie Wilson,
Boston; Franze Norstrand, Paul Stockke
beye, Denmark; Mr. and Mrs. Turgen,
Pittsburg. Pa.; M. H. Evans nnd wife,
Minneapolis, Minn.; W. -W. Auger, Chica
go, 111.; Mrs. H. H. Sturtevant. Zanes
ville, Ohio; Miss Lillian Richardson, Bos
ton, Mass.: Mrs. J.. E. Grace, Weimer,
Texas; the Misses Jackson, Cheshire,Eng
land; Mrs. C. W. Myrick, Spencer Mass.;
Miss Kate Hall, New York; F. P, Han and
wife, Kennebeck, Me.; Russell Lewis and
wife, Portland, Ore.: Edward Macke, San
Francisco; Francis Macke, Los Angeles;
Mrs. Margaret Little, Philadelphia, Pa.;
Clinton S. Baxter. Merced; Spencer Sitton,
San Jose: Max Schiffer, Germany: Mlsa
E. W. Perkins, Miss S.S. Perkins, Bos
ton, Mass.; Miss Raeter, Norway; W. R.
Peters, G. B. Moffatt, New York; Miss L.
Culver, St. Louis; L. Burrows, C. B. Irish,
Decatur, 111.; Horace B. Packer Wills
boro.Pa.; John P. Southern, Washington,
D. C; Mrs. J. G. Craighead, Miss A. W.
I Craighead. New York; Mrs.J. W. Davis
and maid. Miss M. E. Davis. Miss E^ H.
Davis, Miss Annie B. Davis, Harry Cos
tello, New York.
HOTEL GENEVA— The following guests
registered at the Hotel Geneva, Sausalito,
during the past week: Henry Schomberg,
F. L. Chrlstel, A. L. Landon, Walter N.
Brunt and wife. Dr. G* J. McChesney, C.
S Hardy, D D. S., G. S. Grahatn and
wife. Donald Graham, Jerome Kramer, E.
P. Euphrat, W. Kellner, "W. R. Williams.
J. B. McGrath, Charles. E. Ryan, Joseph
McEvery, Ed Krless, George Kriess, Mrs.
George Butler, Minnie Davles, Lillian
Filzpatrick, Getta Raffo, Margaret Tevlin,
Elizabeth McDonald, Margaret Davles,
Elizabeth A. Grady, A. W. Watts,
liam H. Kinna, J. B. Warren, H. B. Alar
tin, Mrs. H. C. Whitworth, J. D. Ellis and
wife. J. D. Hynes. H. L. Todd, M. H.
Shoenbergr, W. B. Maxwell, A. A. Blake,
J. B. Butten, Mr. and Mrs. Caraghan,
Miss Babogton, H. A. Brigham, J. D.
Coghlin, J. S. Harville, Miss M. Frances
Adams, Mrs. S. Bernstine. James Downs,
J. M. Beall, Charles Harris, R.
E. Barry. A. C. Calms, G. H. Smith, J.
M. Gamble and wife, San Francisco; M.
J. McCabe, Oakland; W. W. Thompson,
S. S. Marshall, D. Van Court, D. Carroll,
C. .Mil ward, S. Bliger, W. Leonard, B.
Bram, Alameda: S. "W. Stratton, Sacra
mento; Charles Merz, W. Wallace, Wash
ington; L. O. Hale, Orland; Kate R. Alex
ander, Glasgow, Scotland; Mrs. Hickman,
¦Sausalito; Henry Weaver, San Jose;
Henry Ulke Jr., Sausalito: "Watson B.
James, Marysville; E. E. Mead, TJ. S. N.;
S. P. Edmonds, U. S. N.; J. H. Jones,
Sausalito; W. C. Stacy. San Jose; P.
Moulton, Sausalito; < Willis Merrill. New
York; A. N. Tyler: Albany, N. Y.; H. C.
Whitworth, TJ. S. N.
WITH THE FRATERNITIES
Bryant, chairman of the reception com
mittee, and Mrs. R. N. Carson, chairman
of the arrangement committee. The reci
tation by Mrs. Anna Johnson'was greatly
appreciated and she was recalled to the
footlights to "receive a very large bunch
o£ La France roses. . • ¦ ,,,
To-morrow night the grand matron will
pay a visit to Olive Branch Chapter, . on
which occasion there will be initiated a
class of six candidates. An invitation has
been extended to the membership of all
the local chapters to attend. •
King Solomon Chapter gave its first
monthly social in Franklin Hall last Mon
dav and the attendance . was very large.
It is the intention of the chapter to have
such on the night when it does not meet
for regular work. Last Wednesday there
were received several petitions and two
candidates were elected. They will re
ceive the degree on the 15th inst. , on the
occasion of the visit by the grand ma
tron. On that night the officers expect
to excel the record they have already
made - f or. eood .work. . _ Mrs. Jane DawSor.
will superintend the serving of a collation
and light refreshments.
Golden Gate Commandery.
The following named have been elected
officers of Golden Gate Comraandery of
the Knights Templar: H. D. Lovcland.
eminent commander: Robert B. Moore,
generalissimo: R. W. Campbell, captain
general; Robert Ash, senior warden; Dr.
A. W. McKenzie, Junior warden; W. D.
Keyston, treasurer, and Theo Frollch, re
corder.
Tho Amaranth.
Crescent Court No. 3 of the Royal Or
der of the Amaranth gave an entertain
ment and hop in Golden Gate Hall last
Monday night that was a great success.
The attendance was large and there were
present many who are very prominent In
the order of the Eastern Star. As a com
pliment to them, the numbers on the
dance programme were dedicated to ta&
various local chapters of that order, lne
programme included orchestral and in
strumental solos, vocal selections and spe
cialties, contributed by Ada Allen Norton,
Miss May Gitchell, D. B. Bowley, G. Four
ther, Miss Boston and Teddys Howard.
The success of the very delightful func
tion was dua to the untiring efforts of
Associate Matron of the Court Mrs. C.
F. Sommer, with the assistance of Mrs.
Jennie A. Graves, Ida B. Spence, A. Irene
Simpson. Addie L. Ballou, Emma_Mal
gren, Frances Bonifield, Anetto Wood,
Francis Peters,. Florin I*. Jones, C. F.
Sommers, George Drew, Dr. J. Coplin
Stinson, A. L. Spence and Thomas and
Roy v Schortzer. This court is gradually
adding to its numerical force by ellgibles
who are anxious to become acquainted
with the beautiful work and teaching or
the Amaranth.
Bebekah. Drill Corps.
On Thursday evening next San Fran
cisco Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2, Captain
Allie Parker commanding, .will, for the
benefit of the delegates to the California
Assembly, give a fancy military display
drill in Odd Fellows' Hall. The previous
drills given by this corps have won for
the ladies who compose it the highest
praise for proficiency and for military ap
pearance, and In view of the fact that
the next display drill will" be witnessed
by representatives of all the Rebekah
lodges of the State it is probable that
every member of the corps. will do ner
level best to win the golden' opinions of
all. After the drill there will be a ball. .
During the past week the members of
the local lodges have all been busy pre
paring for the California Assembly ses
sion, which commences this week.
Native Daughters.
One of the most beautiful souvenirs that
President McKinley will carry away with
him as a reminder of the State will be the
book of paintings Illustrative of tha State
to be given him by the Native Daughters
of the Golden. West. The memento took
the form In which it has been finally made
up frcm a suggestion made by Past Grand
Treasurer Miss Lizzie Douglass. It was
her idea at first to have the album made
up of photographs, but.lt was afterward
decided to substitute paintings oy local
La Estrella Parlor on last Thursday
night celebrated its fifth annlversary^by
a erand ball in Native Sons' Hall. The
decorations, which did not surcharge the
hall, were in the most delicate hues, com
bined with sprays of flowers and ever
greens, producing a most artistic effect.
The stage was a bank of living plants,
from the center of which rose a majestic
statue of a wood nymph, emblematic of
the wooden anniversary of the parlor.
There were Just enough present to till the
hall and galleries and not overcrowd, and
all had a most enjoyable time. Dr. Bolde
mann was chairman of the committee of
arrangements and C. Thierbach was floor
manager. A feature of the dance pro
gramme was the german, led by^Mn
Thierbach and Miss Marslll. The dance
programmes were on orange wood In the
form of a flve-pointed star. • - ~- J.- ;
Alto Parlor has elected the following
named delegates to tho Grand Parlor:
Mabel Miller, Eliza D. Keith, Lizzie
Douglass, Ida Cavan, Agnes Thornagle
and Anna /Brown. ¦ Golden • State Parlor
has elected Time Ducker as delegate and
Millie Tietjen alternate; La Estrella Par
lor, has elected Dr. Boldemann and Mrs.
Emma Thierbach as delegates and Mrs.
Charles Boldemann and Miss Alice .Mun
der as alternates; Fremont . Parlor has
elected Mrs. R. D. Barton . and Mamie
L. G. Smith, P. S.' Myers, A. W. Gowen,
B. N. Sargent and wife, F. C. Ballard, B.
A. Eaton and wife, G. S. Miller, S. A.
McCallum, J. H. Brown, Miss A. G. Storm,
Miss Joy Eaton, J. G. Joy. and wife, Ed
Card, Miss O. Lawritzson, William
Hawkins, Salinas; A. W. McCusker, Los
Angeles; David Jacks, Monterey; J. B.
Frolli, Dr. William Page, Soledad; Charles
Lynde, Charles Bailey, San Jose; F. H.
Botsford, Philadelphia: P. W. Morse,
Watsonville; R. R. Allen, / Kings City;
Jacob Eberhardt, Santa Clara; Ed Moody,
Watsonville. - *• — - -
LAURELi DELL—The following are re
cent arrivals at Laurel Dell: From San
Francisco— J. J. Stack, H. S. Henry, Mrs.
Henry Olson, J. • H. Schale, Mrs. F. L.
Lumbridge.Walter Cox, J. D. Squires,
George R. Kibbe, Dr. M. E. Ktbbe. From
Oakland— Mrs. N. P. Olson, Miss Sigrid
Koverltz. From Alameda — Mrs. > J.
Thomsen, the Misses Thomsen. From
Middletown —^Arvld Argel. From Montre
al-^-General C.-F. Gladding." From Toronto
—Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Skalfe. From Japan
—Mrs. Judge Center.
TOSEMITE — Among the arrivals
In the Yosemite Valley i during- the past
week are: E. M. Crosse, England; G.
Wagner, New York; Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Webster, Haverhill, Mass.; William J.
Spear, Los Angeles; G. W. Cook and wife,
Crete, 111.; 'William A. Done San Francis
co; H. B. Mourey and wife, Berkeley;
C..S. Baxter, Coulterville; Dr. W. Schuck
mann, San Francisco: F. . Kopp, H. L.
Kopp, Sonora: Miss C. E. Atwood, New
York; Miss Felener, Baltimore: Miss La
zenby, Baltimore; Dr. John Peters, Provi
dence, R. I.; H. C. Godraan, Columbus,
Ohio; Mr. and Mrs. W. N. Caldwell,
Springfield, Ohio; Miss M. E. "Call, Miss
Owen, Miss Spring, Portsmouth, N. H.;
Rev. A. C. Grler and wife, Mrs. G. V.
Laughton, Racine. Wis.; E. Bielneld, Ber
lin; Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Corbin, Philadel
phia, Pa.; Oliver Lippincott, Annie Rif
fey. Los Angeles; Baron R. Lehmann,
Holland; Valde de Beck, Denman; Mrs. A.
I* Mohler, Miss R. Mohler, Miss M. Moh
ler, Portland, Ore.; H. P. Dugan,
Miss A. E. Dugan, Miss G. May
dell, San Francisco: R. S. Emery,
Concord, N. H.; Miss R. Luthrill. Miss J.
Utter, Ithaca,' N. Y.; Miss L. B. White,
Staten Island; William J. Vrande, Am
sterdam, Holland: J. W. Austin, Los An
feles: Mr. and Mrs. F. Schwab, Chicago,
11.; Mrs. Bringhurst, "Wilmington Del.;
Mrs. G. Smith. N. Y.: Mr. and Mrs. R.
E. Forbes, Milton; Mass.; Mr. and Mrs.
Rutherford, Cardiff, England; Paul Nab-'
tobz, Switzerland; Charles A. Browne,
England; E. S. Catlow, England: Miss K.
M. Booth, Englewood, N. J.; Mrs:- F. E.
Lathrop.-New York; Miss Jeannette Mey
ers, Ridgewood, N. J.; Mrs. W. H. Bea
dleston and maid. Miss Beadleston, R.
Beadleston, C. P. .Beadleston, F. S. Kol
11ns, New York; F. P.. Bisland. Coulter
ville; Mrs. Bosley, Mrs. H. S. Kinmouth,
Mrs. A. Rockfeller, M. W. Stanford, New
York; Mrs. George Page, Miss F. Page,.
East Orange; N. J.; Mr. and Mrs. Gould,
Christchurch, N. Z. j Miss Victoria Fibel,
Philadelphia, Pa.; Louise H. Fibel, isew
SOCIETY'S SUMMER OUTING
/V_o OCIETT'S devotees are flitting
/T" from the city to the fashiona-'
i ble and gay resorts by the sea-
side or In mountain and valley,
. ""y or the more sequestered nooks
J>~ ~"*^ more remote .frem the high
ways. The youth has ¦ donned
"his summer outing and the maiden her
- shirt waist and summer dress, and both
are enjoying the pleasures of life in the'
¦sunshine and the ba^my air, far from the
: city's maddinff crowd.
b The summer resorts are fast filling up
'and In a few weeks they will be gay with
' life.
- CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— During
y'the past week the following guests-regis
f.tered at California Hot Springs: Prom
San Francisco— Dr. and Mrs. G. F. Gra
•liam. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Barnes, David
1 Livingston, James A. Keller, John Tay
" lor, G. S. Pratt. Mrs. T. S. Wilson and
family, J. W. Hamm, Mrs. J. P. Hearne,
I Miss Lillian Hearne, S. S. Green, Miss
1 Kdna Shea, Miss R. Campbell. A. Sylves
ter, Thomas JIafrea Jr., J. E. MacCormac,
1 S. M. Sloan. FTom New York— Mr. and
Mre. W. D. Shea. R. N. Clifford. From
Alameda— Mrs. J. W. Cllne. From San
¦ Rafael — Joseph Gay. From Petaluma —
i Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Stewart. Mr. and Mrs.
M. O. Tarr. From Vallejo — W. A. Roney.
I From Santa Rosa— Joseph P. Berry, W.
; E. Healy. E. L. Finley, Vernon Goodwin.
. t CAMP MEEKER— The following guests
/.registered at Camp Meeker last week from
San Francisco: James Glbbs, Mrs. S.
• Gibbs, Miss Berenice Scoville, Mrs. A. E.
: Gleason. Charles M. White, Mrs. Ella
Oorbett. Fred W. Corbett. Mrs. M. E.
• Stecker, Mrs. S. B. Ir\'ine. Mrs., Ireno L.
% Cox. Mrs. M. V. Le Long:, William RJeby
Jr. and family 'N. J. Lansing and family, 1
Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Crosscup, Miss E. M.
Burrs, David Adamson, Mrs. J. C. Ma
son, Miss E. J. Mason, Mrs. I. N. Harris,
Mrs. I. J. Harrison, Kmil Graefenecker,
Mrs. H. E. Robinson, Mrs. M. H. Sargent,
«Mrs. Mary Sadler, Mrs. S. Hult, J. A.
Hult. From Oakland— J. MacDowell.
Frcm Alameda— F. H. Hahn. Mrs. S. J.
Loop, Mrs. John W. Dickie. From San
Hafael— Mrs. G. Bunn, Mrs. F. L. Gilbert,
Mrs. W. N. Anderson. Robert M. Jonea,
J!rs. Joseph Hoxie. From Fruitvale— F.
E Joseph Spencer, Mrs. Sarah Spencer.
From Minnesota — Mr. and Mrs. Henry
. Soltongv . *
. SUMMER HOME FARM— The following
" parties have engaged accommodations at
¦ Summer Home Farm, Glenwood, Santa
"Cruz County: Mrs. I. Reiss. Miss N.
Tielss, Miss L. Reiss and maid, for the
-third consecutive season; Mrs. E. Keiner
; and daughter, E. R. Galland", Mrs. E. R.
Galland. Miss J. Galland and maid, for
~ the .third consecutive season: Mrs. G. Al
¦ exander. Mrs. S. Blook and two daugh
> tr rs, Mrs. D. Hoffman and three children,
| Miss D. LJppman, J. H. Stein, Mrs. J. H.
H Stein and three children, Mrs. H. Ham-
, J burger, daughter and niaid; Mrs. F. Rel
chert. Miss K. Rosener, the Misses -Meln-
B lnger, Mrs. H. C. Shook, San Francisco; '
C. P.. Weber. Mrs. C. F. Weber, Miss B.
Weber. Oakland.
HIGHLAND SPBINGS— Dr. and Mra.F.
W. Skalfe of San Rafael, who have been
spending sbme weeks at Highlands, re
turned to their home Tuesday. Mrs. Al
exander Center of San Francisco also
went home on Tuesday. Mrs. Center naa
such a delightful visit that she Intends
returning in September with a party. .
¦ Among those who have engaged rooms
for the season are Mrs. C. Ivancovlch and
family. Auditor and Mrs. Asa R. Wells
will arrive early in June.
Judge J. F. , Sullivan has made up a
party and engaged the Denson cottage for
Alaska Packing
Company, San Rafael, accompanied' by
Mrs. Bradford, will arrive on the 20th for
a lone stay.
Among the many expert golf players at
Highlands axe Henry Beeves of Hong
kong P. H. L*aoy of San Francisco and
Dr. Gladding of Berkeley. „ ' .
Among the recent arrivals are: Mr. and
Mrs H. -M. Ames Jr., J. I* Hawks, Dr.
and Mrs. C. F. Sloa^O. I* Blackman.
Thomas C. Pinckney, Dr. F. X. Voisard,
Cass U. Barlow. P. H. Lacy, T Henry . C.
Martens, Sam 8. Green. P. H. Rock"'
George H. Hurd, Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Haa
l^tt. I>r. Ernest Barry. San Francisco;
Mrs. J. D. Norris, Miss Norris, Center
ville; F. C. White,,- Fort Bragg; H. C.
Geary. Mendoclno. ,. ••
Admiral and Mrs. Joseph Trilley of Ban
Francisco, who were -here for a two
weeks' stay In April, have engaged apart
ments for the summer. ¦
Colonel Gaines Lawson, .U. S. A., will
return very shortly, for the season.
Mrs. J. C. Cllne, wife of the president
of the Lros Angeles Lighting Company,
has engaged rooms for July for herself,
children and maid. ¦ ¦¦
Mr and Mrs. Thomas Ashworth of San
Francisco are comins the latter part of
this month for a lon^. stay.;
PAR AISO HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing people registered at the Paraiso dur
ine the past ¦week:
C K. Goodrich, C. X.. Zelgler, James
Block, Fred A. Wilkins, E. J. Foster and
wife. Miss Edna F. Allen, Miss Alice
Pago, F. D. Blwell. M: E. Unger, J. B.
Dwyer, H. R. Earle, John C. Quinn, S.
S. Simons, M. Fltzpatrick, Mrs. P. A.
Mahoney, Mrs. M. ConraxJy.^D. Hollings,
Henry Mullet, Mr. and Mrs. C. Spreckels,
A. B. Spreckels, John M. Harper, Mrs. C.
B. Fredericks, Mrs. M. Haggerty, Ihomas
McMahon, San Francisco; Mrs. A. Arm
strong, Oakland; Lou G. Hare. C. Z.
Hebert. F. E. McCollum, Henry Bardin,
S. Kauser and wife, A. H. Bullene and
wife. S. Bullene and wife, F. W. Jackson
and wife. S. F. Gell, Miss E. Geil, Miss
Mamie Kelly. P. P. Krough and wife L.
H. Garrigas and wife, Mrs. S . M. Mat
thewb and family, H. E. Abbott and
wife, J. R. Hebbron, James GiaccomazzI,
R. L. Alexander, John Hughes, J. Gor
dlno, Geor&e A. Rowling. T. .P. Joy, Jew
ett Joy, Hars-ey Baker. S. M. Matthews,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 12,: '1901.
Wedding invitations and visiting cards
engraved and printed. Correct forms and
moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
San Beni^o Lodge of Holllster reports
the initiation of a largo class of candi
dates. -
Forget-Me-Not Lodge of tho Degree of
Honor had a delightful social last Tues
day night in Its hall In the Red Men's
building. There was a good programme
of dances and between numbers ballads
were sung. f '
Silver Spray Lodge received nine appli-
28
;. : DERMATOLOGISTS, .
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or scar. Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller.- Bkln diseases cured. Frea de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
bald heads. '. Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evenings by
appointment. Donohoe bids'., 1170 Market St.,
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29. B. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream, 60c; Brahman Tooth Powder. 23c. All
druggists. Large stock always at J. 8. Potts"
Drus Co. ¦ . ¦
Dr. & Mrs. TRAVERSE,
FREE! FREE! FREE!
TEST TREATMENT AT OFFICE
B. B. B. -ENGLISH CARAMEL
Bold under a sruarantee to remove superfluous
hair and to prevent Its growth, has been used
successfully for twenty years by the medical
profession in England. After one application
your face will be as free from hair as the
cheek of an Infant
ELITE SKIN' FOOD— Removes all blemishes
and rovgrhness; makes the complexion perfect;
keeps tne ekln clear, soft and smooth.
ELITE FACE POWDER— Chemically pure; a
preventive from superfluous hair. /
ELITE HAIR GROWER— Removes dandruff:
stimulates the scalp; produces a quick growth
and makes the hair soft and bright.
THE ELITE3 BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR-
Permanently removes blackheads and reduces
the pores of the »kln.
THE ELITE FACE BLEACH — For removing
tan and freckles. It has no equal.
Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps.
Regular physician in attendance.
ELITE DEHMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market 6t., San Francisco.
Branches — Sacramento. MRS. EADEI^B
KRIPP. Manager; Zkm Aneelea. MRS. A. A.
KAM6AT. Manner. -, [„¦ *
irSPEClALIHDDCElIENTSIIin
CLOAKS .. F0B ... CLOAKS
and - - snd
SUITS. Ttli^WfifiK V \\ \\W\ SUITS.
><¦ Ulllu iiuUJLuilullUliJ*— — ,r
For the purpose of introducing our SUPERB NEW SPRING
AND SUMMER STOCK. to the thousands of out-of-town residents who
will visit the city this week, and to impress upon all the fact that we are
headquarters for . •
EVERYTHING NEW, STYLISH and DP-TO-DATE
IN—
LADIES'. MISSES* and CHILDREN'S
OUTER GARMENTS,
WE ARE PREPARED TO OFFER
Absolutely - Unmatchable Values !
CLOAKS, JACKETS, GOLF CAPES,
AUTOMOBILE COATS, SILK WAISTS, SILK SKIRTS,
MADE-TO ORDER SUITS AND CLOAKS,
SHIRTWA1STS,TAILOR-MADE SUITS, OUTING SUITS, Etc.
In cordially invitinsr all to call and inspect OUR MAGNIFICENT
STOCK. WHICH IS UNQUESTIONABLY THE LARGEST. MOST
VARIED AND COMPLETE ON THE COAST, we can assure visitors
of the most courteous treatment, and that none will be importuned to
purchase, our sole desire bdne to induce an examination of our PEER-
LESS DISPLAY.. every article of which 13 marked in plain figures, as
we are confident a visit will satisfy every one that we are showing:
THE HANDSOMEST STYLES
-r— AT THE
Lowest Prices Ever Quoted Anywhere.
J.O'BmEN&CO.
1140 to 1144 Market Street.
H-H-l !¦ !¦! II till 1 U Ijlil'il j'.'f If ' jj. 1 ..! U jjjJ.t.U I I"H»W
-APTTEBTISZagEHTS. , _,_ " _,_ Jum ___'.
I /^/^^^^^y that in addressing Mrs. Pinkham I
m / y TSBbBBeSwW you are oonf Ming your private ills ||
mm / .^^ -^B&mBQ&stlx&R* to a woman — a woman whose expo— %M
M / S J^MMtM^ rSenoo In treating woman's diseases ||
ll|// J^^^^^^^K' arGater ******* ***** °* any JM n 9P €r ~ m
W/v M§2W^^^^^^^ relato y° ur private troubles to a man ; besides, a man does S||
M& , ' .. JSSa^lmWMm^SSlKi not understand, simply because he is a man. S£^
n gSwaBSS^S^^^mm Every one will agree that there are the strongest of ail pgt
EH AwSSSS^^^^^SSS reasons why, if we are ill, we should appeal to the person gg
Wm who knows the most about the kind of illness with which |||
111 mMmp^^^^^^^Wi w ® are afflicted— one who has had the greatest experience gj|
19 '/^^M^^^^^^^m ™ treating i UBt 8 ? ch ca3es a P d meetiD S i VLSt the symptoms hg
W& Wm% WhaTconlidence does one gain by consulting ooe who 'fell
WS^BS^^^^^^m fflS&i occasionally met a case inst like onrs, but has had no kg
WSfMBSi^^^^^^M experience? None whatever AU treatment under ||
m^fffm^^^^^S^^f^^^^Bm su ch a person must of necessity be experimental. As a BM
IfMrfflmB^^^^ti^l matter of fact > in the treatment of female ills Mrs?. Pinkham m
If^M^^^^^ShA^gSSK^fflr has had more experience than any one person in the world. ||s
||^«^^^^^^\s^jSf>^ For a period of over twenty-five years women have .been t|3
constantly in correspondence ana consultation with her; and it is 01
Wm ** E&fa to Eay there is not a case or complication of female derangements
with which she is not familiar, and it is a positive fact, easily verified, that |||
¦ WM^.W&W within the last few months she, withher corps of trained women assistants, have ga
WsSsSmfr treated over one hundred thousand cases, and that more than a million women py
wMliB&r °^ *^ 1S co^ 111 *^ owe the restoration of their health to her advice and Lydia E. |m|
feu^ Now, if a woman is ill and miserable, it seems to us only simple justice to herself that ££jj
Hll she Bhould avail herself of the help of a woman of such enormous experience. |v^
¦ - MRS. PINKHAM'S STANDING INVITATION. M
HH Women suffering from any form of female weakness are invited to promptly corarrmnl- feji
cate with Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass. She asks nothing in return, except their good^ will, jpfj
Wt ' and her advice has relieved thousands. Surely any woman, rich or poor; is very foolish if Egg
¦ 98 /.' she does not take advantage of this generous offer of assistance. -?^%
lm If you are influenced Dy the advertising of Lydia E. Pinkham's "Vegetable Compound, Era
and the testimonials published in favor of it, and go to a store to buy it, do not allow a clerk in E||
III a drug store 10 induce you to buy something about which you know nothing — only what he *«. -^
III tells you. His reason for wishing you to buy the medicine is because he can make more money "VS;
|1 on it. He does not care a fig about your getting well, only to make his sale. Remember that pi
9 Lydffa Em Pinkham's Vegetable Compound ||
Wm '. ' ¦ has absolutely cured more oases of female Ills than £^
|9 any other one medicine In the world* |^J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
RESTORER
Has Brought Back the Beauty and Lux-
uriance of Youthful, Healthy Hair to
Thousands. It stimulates the hair roots
into taking up their duty of srivine life
and color to the hair. It is not a dye.
Does not soil hands.
$1 a bottle at all drueEcists.
One application Free to all purchasers at
my parlors.
LOLA MONTH CREME
Makes Facial - Beauty
Possible to the plainest featured lady.
Wrinkles and a dry faded skin — all the
marks of care, worry and illness — speed-
ily replaced by a clear, rosy complexion.
75 cents'a jar.
CQCC A trial pot of the Creme Free to
inLC Ladies sending thi* ad and 10c in
stamps. Also Book ot Instructions and a
bax of my Fsce Powder F (EE,
Bu to°re e move Superfluous Hair
The Electric Needle
in Skillful Hands, es Operated at my
Derm ato logical Parlors.
Warts, Freckles, Moles. Pimoles and
all Facial Blemishes Scientifically
Treated and permanently corrected un-
der my personal supervision at my
parlors.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
Dermatologist,
7S-S0 Geary Street* San Francisco.
I""" /ROYAL
Worcester Corsets.
t jfe%&. French
V 4£*r§b Strai£ht-
I W Front
[¦ CORSETS
I s^- !^ full Bias Gored
¦ I / jM^^'^^yK Sapphire and
f / y /^^^ ikJr- 1 Bon To ™
W """^KiwJiF. Corset- Fitting
P /ill ""^ I Elegant Msort-
r Ml h ment travelers'
•>' «!3 1 / 1 eamples at half
R mJL\ Jil it price.
I CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
H 6 GEARY. ST., cor, Kearny. "
j^gplv Every Woman
wilKm MARVEL Whirling Spray
V>\^*e> v^*<»J' l >I The new T»s la*l Syringe. Jtljec-
*>: OsC *5^iS»^ tion and Suction. Best— -Saf-
- \v*C<C<St^S>!S^ est— Most ConTenicnU
l'ktentefi ~^ S/,, jW s~~ — "•
a«k jonr Crux'" ft' !*• \V f£^&!7}rff}]MP>^~
if h- <•» mot supply tho \J0*f 7<^WMPu-
StARVKL, acceptno m "jrz2Z&>A.^
othfr. tratBendetampfortl- v \v #. v< 2«ra&X
ta'stratefl book— «mi*d.H gives W/ g "M
full particular* and directions In- UyV/,, IB
vUuible to ladles. MARVEL CO., '
COS Mission et.. Ban Francisco. v> *^-'i* i^
|£fr\J It* le&dlsg society women TL'yWM
F*jy\3 cf Europe and America nee
(Aa\y Poitoni'i. Many women of "/JHssj
jaffe'va-' Poimonl'i bare almost child- V/fefcS
u33lQ v Ufcc complexloai. Absolute /JrniM
EWnjgtfA porlty the tecret. Box 50c. J wfjSSsi
A k£2\ft a Now Located at
iEr Mm 60 GEARY ST "
,- - . . _ _. ¦_ . 'ii. Between Kearny Street and
KNlTJrJNGOP. Grant Avenue,
SOLE KNITTERS OF PFISTER'S
L1NURET, pure linen 1 j t a '
xyloret; pure nsie u nclerwear
3OMBYRET, pure Silk ;. '. .. Knitted to Order
yiLLURET, pure wool J '{ and t0 Fit -
FOR MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN.
BATHINQ SUITSr Sweaters, Jerseys, Golf Jackets
'and Stockings. -.\: ;
Large and new line of Boys' Camping and Outing
We make Outing and Camping Leggings in large variety
:¦- . " V / j t • * ' . , WltlTJB FOJt , CATALOOUCS. . > « - 'By a vote of 129 noes to 86 ayes the Mas
sachusetts House, of Representatives has
defeated a bill to permit golf and other
sports on Sunday.
The battleship Wisconsin came down
from the Union Iron Works and the
cruiser Philadelphia' from Mare 'Island
yesterday and anchored near the Iowa.
This is the first time in the history of the
Eort that two battleships and a cruiser
ave laid at - anchor off Folsom street
wharf at the same time, and they would
not be there now were it not for the visit
of President McKinley. The Wisconsin
and Philadelphia are all ready for the il
lumination on Tuesday night; the Iowa
will be ready to-day. All three vessels
will have their names spelled out on their
sides in electric lights, while the fighting
tops, masts and. bulwark^ will- be-- covered
with red, white and blue "lights.'" Peter
son's launches will make half-hourly trips
to all the warships this afternoon from
the foot of Folsom street.
Warships Ready for President.
PUBLIC SCHOOL
: CHILDREN'S DAY
Plan of Formation on Van
Ness Avenue Issued by
the Board of Education
Throughout President McKmley.'s
journey- westward and along the coast
northward he has taken occasion in his
| short speeches to express his appreciation
of the greeting that school children have
extended him. Doubtless the great as
semblage of the pupils of the San Fran
cisco public schools next Wednesday on
Van Ness avenue will afford him intense
pleasure.
The Board of Education has Issued the
following: plan of formation by. schools
for that event:
Van Ness avenue, Jackson to "Washington,
west side— Sherman and Grant. East Bide—
Broadway. .' '
Van Ness avenue, Washington to Clay, west
side — Madison and Cooper. Eaet aide— Spring
Valley and ' Wlnfleld Scott.
Van Ness avenue, . Clay to , Sacramento, west
side— Pacific Haights. Eaat side— Hancock.
Irving and Chinese. <. . . ¦
Van Ness avenue, Sacramento to California,
west side — Lowell High and Mission High.
East side— Garfleld and Lafayette.
Van Ness avenue, California to Pine, west
side — Girls' High and Emerson. •' East side-
Washington and Redding-.
Van Ness avenue. Pine to Bush, west side-
Hamilton. East Bide— Denman and Polytechnic
High.
Van Ness avenue, Bush and Butter, west
side-^John Swett. East side— Clement.
Van Ness avenue, Sutter to Post, west i<lde—
Mission Grammar and Sutro. . East aide —
Adams Cosmopolitan. '- • . : . ...
Van Ness avenue. Post to Geary, west side-
Richmond and Peabody. East side— Lincoln
Grammar.
Van Ness avenue, Geary to CFarrell, west
side — Hearst. East side — Commercial depart
ment, Lincoln and Humboldt.
Van Ness avenue, O'Farrell to Ellis, west
side— Horace Mann Grammar. East side^-
Longfellow and Harrison.
Van Ness avenue, Ellis to Eddy, west side-
Columbia. East side— Jefferson and Starr King.
Van- Ness avenue, Eddy to Turk, west side—
Laguna . Honda and Bergerot. East side —
Franklin Grammar.
Van Ness avenue, Turk to Golden Gate ave
nue, west side — Agasslz and Buena Vista. East
side— Whittier Primary. • >
Van Ness avenue. Golden Gate avenue to Mc-
Allistec, west side— Burnett and Cleveland.
East side— Moulder and Fremont.
Van Ness avenue, McAllister to Fulton,
west side— Crocker and Edison. East side-
Dudley Stone and Douglass.
Van Ness avenue, Fulton to Grove, west side
—Marshall and Monroe. East side— James Lick
and Sheridan. ' .
¦ Van Ness avenue. Grove to Hayes,' west side—
Bernal and Golden Gate. East aide— Everett
arfd Jackson Primary.
Van Ness avenue, Hayes to Fell, west side-
Hawthorne and Henry Durant. East, side —
Haight and Fairmount.
Van Ness avenue. Fell to Market, west side—
Sunnyslde Ocean House, West End, South End,
Noe Valley. Park, Hunters Poli^t and J. W.
Taylor. West side— Irving M. Scott.
The' following circular has also been Is-,
sued from the office of the Board of Edu
cation: ' ¦
• To principals— Assemble your pupils in their
schools at 9 a. m. on Friday, May 17. and bring
them by 10 o'clock to the positions, indicated in
the accompanying plan. . President McKinley
will drive through Van Ness avenue from Jack
son to Market streets, shortly after 10 o'clock,
to review the pupils of the public schools. .
After the review dismiss the pupils for the
remainder of the day. . . ...
It is desirable to have as fine a showinsr of
banners and flairs as possible.
You are not required to bring the children of
the primary grades If your schools are far from
Van Ness avenue. W. M. KINCAID,
President Board of Education.
Invited to St. Paul.
ST. PAUL, May 11.— A telegram was to
night sent to President McKinley to await
him . upon his arrival at San^Frandsco,
inviting the President- and'-his-party- to
visit St. Paul, June 13, upon .the return
trip from California. The Modern Wood
men will be in International convention
here and .the grand parade will take place
on the date named. The propsed devia
tion from the President's plan, it Is
pointed out, would occasion less . than
twenty-four hours' delay.
The committee on public reception will
meet the President at the home of Henry
T. Scott at 6:30 o'clock on Tuesday even
ing. P. H. McCarthy, chairman, will
make a short - introductory address and
the members of the committee will then
be presented to President McKinley.
The party will proceed directly to the
ferry depot, where the reception will be
held. During the trip to and from the
ferry building Mayor Phelan and Chair
man McCarthy will, ride In the carriage
with the President. Mayor Phelan will
deliver his address of welcome at this
reception. At the close of the banquet
the committee will again escort the Presi
dent to Mr. Scott's home.
The following named compose the recep
tion committee:
P. H. McCarthy, chairman; Mayor James D.
Phelan. William Alvord, Wakefleld Baker,
Samuel Braunhart, S. C. Blgrelow, Hon. James
H. Budd, General G. W. Backus, J. Dalzell
Brown, D. J. Brandon, James E. Britt, H. U.
Brandenstein, A. S. Baldwin, L. P. I Bolander,
Franklin V.- Brooks, B. A. Becker, Dr. Charles
Boxton, James P. Booth, Edward Coleman. Ed
ward B. Cutter, William Chamberlin. F. H.
Gould, B. M. Greene, Harry Gray, W. S. Gage,
A. Gerberdlng, Harry Gibb, Hon. John Hunt,
M. H. Hecht, Rudolph Herold Jr., I. W. Hell
man, Hugh Hume, Dr. W. J. Hawkins, R. M.
Hotallngr, C. M. Hays, Frederick Hessr J. P.
Horgan, R. Horrln, W. H. Jordan, Thomas
Jennings, George A. Knight, John Connor,
Lewis Chester, Andrew Carrlgan, Peter J. Cur
tis, William Crocker, S. V. Costello, II. H. De
Young, Cleveland L. Dam, Washington Dodge,
H. L. Davis, Dr. A. A. ! d'Ancona, L.. J.
Dwyer, Wendell East on, M. J. Fontana, J.
Richard Freud, Charles W. Fay, John C. Kirk
patrick, Paris Kllburn, Paul Keyser, David
Kerr, J. H. Kent, Joseph Kirk. Samuel Leake,
P. N. Lillenthal, Oscar I>ewls, E. J. Le Breton,
George M. Lonergan, Hon. W. W. Morrow, G.
W. McEnerney, H. J. Maxwell, Jasper Mc-
Donald, J. F. Moroney, Jeremiah Mahoney,
Gavin ¦ McXab. C. W. McAfee, J. E. Mc-
Dougald. W. H. Mills. David K. McMullen, Dr.
T. H. Morris, E. F. Moran, R. E. Miller,. J. C.
Millan, Edward McCarthy, P. F. Nolan, E. F.
Nolan, Frederick Nichwls, Captain Charles Nel
son, Fremont Older, S. Oppenhelmer, Louis
Sloss, H. J. Stafford, Llpman Sachs, J. C.
Sims, Albert Schonau, C. H. Stocks. Joseph S.
Spear Jr., IT. M. Saundcrs, E. E. Schmitz. O.
A. Tveltmoe, Henry Trevor, George Tooley,
Joseph S. Tobln, F. W. Van SIcIen, "Horace
Wilson, T. T. Williams, E. Myron Wolf,
Charles S. Wheeler, Russell J. Wilson, Charles
L. Patton, A. G. Platt, Hon. E. B. Pond,
Charles E. Paxton, A. B. Palmer. J. E. Quinn,
Walter II. Robinson, Charles "'Wesley Reed,
Dent Robert, P. H. Keardon, Hon. J. M. Sea
well, J. D. Spreckels Jr., Hon. Charles W.
Slack, Captain C. C. Shattuck, J. B. Stetson,
S. M. Shortrldge, H. H.. Sherwood. George R
Sanderson. Raphael Weill. W. J. H. White, E.
R. Warfleld, George W. Wlmmer, Andrew Wil
kie, John P. Young:, A. E. Yoell, Howard
Parks, W. H. Crocker, Louis Gerstle, Vander
lyn Stow, General W. R, Shafter. F. S. Myrtle,
Louis Newman, 'Henry Lunstedt, Colonel W.
R. Smedberg, A. H. Payson, J. W. Byrne, Gen
eral W. H. L. Barnes, Asa R. Wells, Colonel
George Stone.
Mayor Phelan to Deliver
Address of. Welcome in
Nave of Ferry Building
RECEPTION FOR
GENERAL PUBLIC
Beauty may be only skin deep, but it is
difficult to convince a pretty • girl that
•uch is the case. » ¦''
It was soon after the death of Prince
Albert that Queen Victoria Instituted the
Royal Order of Victoria and Albert the
first Victorian order to which .English
women were eligible. The first and sec
ond classes are open only to royal prin
cesses, the third and fourth to past or
•present members of her Majesty's house
told.—Woman's Journal.
Royal Order for Ladies.
Governor Nash" and party were the
guests of the Ohio Society last night at
the California Theater to witness "The
Lottery of Love," being: played by the
James Neill Company. The theater,
which had been artistically decorated,
was filled to its utmost with a crowd
eager to see the distinguished visitors. ¦
When the governor entered his box he
was heartily greeted by the audience. !
Those of the party who were present
were Governor Nash, General and Mrsf
C. M. Spitzer. Colonel and Mrs C B
Wing. Colonel and Mrs. H. C Ellin«on"
Colonel and Mrs. George B. DonaX'
Colcnel and Mrs. C. J. EIrd, Colonel and
Mrs. M. M. Gillette. Colonel J S Bur
rows, Miss Louise and Miss Helen'Desh
ler. Mr and Mrs J. M. Sinks and Mr and
Mrs. Julius Whiting. The Ohio Society
Hcnr O y n 'mi 7 p. B - WSM * R " Arter
Distinguished Visitor Is
Guest of Ohio Society
at California Theater
GOVERNOR SEES
LOVE'S LOTTERY
An opinion was current among the Con
gressmen that Senator Hanna could not
be elected if nominated, and that he had
the same idea, the reason being that his
wealth amounts to several millions.
"'Whether he would be a good President
or not would not figure in face of that,
was one view expressed.' "A man with
that amount of wealth would not get the
votes of the great majority of the peo
ple."
For the Heath Ftory there was noth
ing but ridicule. The idea v.-as strongly
grounded that Senator Hanna has been
consistent in his denials that he would
accept or would like a Presidential nomi
nation and that he. unquestionably re
mains in the same frame of mind.
practically the same statements to the
members of his own political faith. Con
sequently the Ohio Congressmen, whose
opportunities are better than those of any
other person to know what Senator
Hanna"s political wishes are. simply rid
iculed the Interview that Perry S. Heath
g-ave out, _j
The former First Assistant Postmaster
General might not have been pleased to
hear the expression of ideas entertained
Ly the Congressmen. They made it clear
that they thought that he fancied that he
•would gain the favor of Senator Hanna
by fevcophancy. They had no idea that he
•was "actuated by any motive other than
to help himself politically, although one
Congressman suggested that there might
be in the interview simply an attempt to
gain greater publicity. Mr. Heath is no
longer in office and is therefore less be
fore the public than formerly.
Bi?t there is another reason why Sena
tor Hanna. in the opinion of associates of
his own political faith in Congress, Is sure
lv not a candidate for a Presidential nom
ination. This reason is never mentioned
bv Senator Hanna, for he is sensitive
about it. His health is poor, they say,
and has been getting v/orse for the last
two years. His knee troubles him and
he has difficulty with his heart. One of
the ConKressmen said that rheumatism
was the malady, but that a large per
centage of heart troubles are really due
to and are identical with rheumatism or
ere the effect of it. A story is in circula
tion that recently Senator Hanna, at his
residence In Washington, fell from his
chair in a fainting spell, that his symp
toms strongly resembled heart failure
and that he did not entirely recover so
that he could leave his bed for three days.
Concerning this story the Congressmen
denied any knowledge, but they are well
aware that he is very far from being a
well man.
them for a year and they were eagerly
looking forth to the time when they
should see the event. Absolutely there was
no political significance in the pilgrimage
of the Ohioana to the Golden Gate. All
the people of the United States had be
come more interested in the entire Pacific
Coast since the commercial importance
of the slope in connection with the trade
of the Orient. had loomed up. There -was
a glorious future for the coast, he felt as
sured, that even the present residents of
the Pacific States, accustomed as they
were to contemplating the possibilities
and dreaming- of the time to be, could not
estimate. He had enjoyed every moment
that he' had been in California and the
entire journey had been tilled with In
struction and delight. In this he but voiced
the sentiments of all the party.
H. A. HANHA IS DOT A CANDIDATE
CONGRESSMEN ARE LOUD III PRAISE
Continued From Twenty-Fifth Page.
Continued From Page Twenty-five.
I TUESDAY, MAT 14.
3:40 p. m, — President's arrival, parade.
S:OO p. ni. — Public reception, Ferry depot.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 15.
6:30 a.m.— Dedication of Donahue fountain. .
1O:OO a. m.— Commencement University of California, Berkeley!
luncheon. *
4 :OO p. m. — Drive and reception at Oakland.
Mg;ht— Dinner. Gnests of Mrs. George E. Morse.
0:00 a. m.— For visiting: Congressmen: Drive to Golden Gate
Park, Ocean Beach and Cliff House; lunch at Cliff
Honse; return l»y way of Point Loboi Signal Station
and the Presidio.
S:OO p. m. — 1'oxtofflee Department employes' reception to Post
master General Smith, nave of Ferry depot.
>'lBfht— Trip through Chinatown for visiting Congressmen.
THURSDAY/ MAY 16.
£:OO a. m. — ' \| *» to Mount Tamalpnis, arriving at summit at
l*;3O a. m. ¦¦ * ' ¦ ¦
2:30 p. m.— Reception in parlors of Palace Hotel by Sons and
Daughters of the American Revolution.
3:00 p. m. — Reception at Odd Fellovrs' Hall by Sons of the Revo
lution, Mexican War Veterans, Loyal Legion, Xatlve
Sons and Native Daughters. 4
3:30 p.m.— Reception at Native Sons' Hall by Mtxicnn War Vet
erans, Loyal Legion, Xative Sons and Native Daugh
ters. /
Night— Banquet, Ohio Society. /
3:00 p. m.— Reception to Mrs. McKinley and ladles of the Presi
dential party at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
FRIDAY, MAY 17.
Morning — Reception by school children, Van Ness avenue j
drive to Golden Gate Park and Ocean Beach; lunch
eon at Cliff House.
StOO p. m. — Knights Templar parade and reception.
Evening — League of the Cross Cadets drill, Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
S:O0 p. m.— Grand Army of the Republic reception, Native Sons'
Hall. ,
Morning— Visiting Congressmen will Inspect public buildings
and vrater front.
12 m.— Luncheon for visiting Congressmen at Merchants'
Club.
Evening— Reception to Secretary Long <by Unitarian Club at
Merchants' Club.
SATURDAY, MAY 18.
12:26 p. m. Launch of the battleship Ohio.
Afternoon— Union League Club reception in club rooms and re-
N ceptlon In Staple room, Palace Hotel.
Night— Citizens' banquet, Palace Hotel.
SUNDAY, MAY 19."
11 »OO a. m. President vr 111 attend services Central M. E. Church.
MONDAY, MAY 20.
1O:OO a. m.— President's departure.
PROGRAMME FOR WEEK
OF PRESIDENT'S VISIT
The publication of a city ordinance In
an extra daily newspaper is held' by the
Supreme Court of In the; case of
State-vs. Omaha, etc, Railway, and Bridge
Company (84 N. W. Rep., 983), not to be
a publication in a newspaper of .general
circulation, as required by statute.—Chi
cago Journal. WBXB&sK9B3££8$ikBBB&
Not as Required by, Statute.
The permanent organization of the Past
Chancellors' Association of San Francisco
has been effected by the selection of the
following officers and the adoption of a
constitution and by-laws: Will J. Beatty,
president; W. A. Richardson, vice presi
dent; C. S. Hoffman, secretary; S. "W.
Powell, treasurer, and F. W. G. Morosco,
guard. ¦ Last Tuesday night the associa
tion visited Myrtle Lodge and assisted in
conferring the page rank. It is the pur
pose of this association to visit the local
lodges and help them by advice and by
aiding in the conferring of the ranks, to
the end that there may be a renewal of
interest In Pythian circles. - . .
Knights of Pythias.
SAN JOSE. May 11.— Decoration on top
of decoration is being added to cover the
mar man's work has wrought in nature's
beauty bestowed on San Jose, and when
President McKinley arrives here on Mon
day afternoon he will be ushered inta a
realm of flora, while sweet-faced . and
pretty girls will perform the work of
fairies and scatter blooms in his - path.
From one end of the city to the other the
streets have been garlanded and decorat
ed with evergreens and palms, while over
head American flags and carnival colors
of yellow and red, with a background of
blue sky. wave a joyous welcome to the
guests/ These -decorations' are^aot "com-*
plete, but enough is apparent to show
that San Jose will outdo herself. Owing
to the fact that so many flowers are to be
•used In the display the finishing and beau
tifying touches must be done at the last
moment; but nothing will be lacking, for
load after load of roses, calla lilies and
sweet peas have been contributed and are
ready for delivery.
The decorations as laid out by the dec
oration committee are garlands of green
extending over the streets from trolley
pole to trolley pole, with evergreens and
palms banked against all poles and signs
in town. From these extend carnival
flags, while overhead are hung American
flags. The electric tower has been decor
ated with flags the entire height of over
200 feet and from the top will fly a larger
flag. The front of the City Hall has been
handsomely decorated. A large picture of
McKinley graces the front of ihe builaing,
surrounded by flags and festooning, with
the words "Welcome, Our President,"
above and below.
St. James Park is now in the hands of
the carpenters, who are putting the fin
ishing touches to the reviewing stand and
various arches. At each entrance to th<?
park arches have been erected, which will
be decorated by ladles from, various sec
tions of the county. The reviewing sland
will be handsomely decorated and from
this a walk leads to the President's bou
quet The framework of this nosegay ia
complete and ready to receive the thou-
Eands of smaller bouquets of which it will
be composed.
The Ohio Society is busily engaged in
decorating its headquarters in the Court
house. Judge Lorigan's courtrjoom Is be
ing transformed into a reception-room,
where a welcome will be tendered both
President McKinley and Governor Nash's
party. Here a thousand calla lilies and
other flowers are being, used in the dec
orations. A miniature of the battleship
Ohio, composed of white and red flowers,
is one of the features. *
Firms and merchants are also decorat
ing their places of business, and San Jose
is rapidly donning her holiday garb.
McKinley will arrive here
about 2:30 Monday afternoon. He will be
accompanied to this city by Mayor Mar
tin, Alfred Holman and O. A. Hale, who
will meet him at Santa Cruz. At the de
pot here a reception committee, headed
by Director General Greeninger, and with
the Grand Army veterans for an escort,
will conduct the President up First street
to the reviewing stand opposite the Court
house. The several thousand school chil
dren of the city will be lined- along First
street. Mayor Martin will deliver an ad
dress of welcome and President McKinley
will respond. Then the President will be
presented with the big bouquet by Mrs.
E. O. Smith. Afterward he will be taken
for a drive through the orchard districts,
through Santa Clara, Later the Presi
dent will attend a reception at the Ohio
Society headquarters and in the evening
a reception &X the Vendome. . '•¦¦¦-,
On Tuesday morning the grand floral
parade will occur, starting at 9 o'clock.
Captain A. B. Cash. Is grand marshal.
The floral parade will be the finest ever
seen here. »« -.
The carnival committee is Jubilant be
cause the President is going to visit here
an hour longer than was intended. The
programme called for his departure at 9
a. m. Tuesday, but this evening the com
mittee received word from Congressman
Loud that- the -time for leaving had been
extended to 10 o'clock. At first it was
feared that McKlnley's early departure
would not enable him to see the parade,
but now there will be plenty of time and
the parade will be all the better, for this
hour will enable more time to arrange the
floats. >
Magnificence of the Gar
den City^ Decorations
in Honor of McKinley
FLORAL WEALTH -.
IN LAVISH ARRAY
Chronicle, a daily paper published there.
"I cannot say that our visit to Los An
geles was of the pleasantest," he said.
"I understand that ; the ' trouble was all
due to a friction caused by different po
litical factions.' The programme with the
Ohio Society^' did not go through at ¦ Ix>s
Angeles. There are political powers In
that part "of the. country that we f Were
ignorant of,' butf we know them now."
Colonel 1 C- B. r Wing of Cincinnati. is a
wholesale paper dealer. This is his first
visit here, and from the attentions snow
erec on. him yesterday it certainly- looks
as if he will.be the pet of the party. ' He
is a handsome man of gigantic propor
tions and has a figure that sets oft t his
uniform to perfection. A .
. Chaplain G. W. Collier of the Governor s
staff is a retired -army chaplain. He pre
sents a venerable figure by the side of
the dashing young officers. He is a'Metn
odist and will possibly appear in the pul
pit before his departure from this city.
. . . Poetess in the Party.
Mrs. Ida Eckert-Lawrence" of Toledo,
Ohio, Is also one of the party. She has
composed a. poem in honor of the launch
ing of the battleship Ohio, which will be
read at- that ceremony. , She has won con
siderable fame in the literary neld, her
principal book being "Day DTeams.'V- She
Is known as the "Ohio Poetess," and the
Buckeye State is proud of her. She, was
one of the commissioners at the Paris Ex
position for the State of Ohio.
Josiah B. Allen, clerk' of the Supreme
Court of Ohio, is also with the party. He
is a prominent factor in -politics in his
State and stands high in Grand Army cir
cles, having a superb war record. ¦'-¦: ,.-
J. D. Ellison and James Faulkner, well
known newspaper writers of Ohio, accom
pany the gubernatorial party.
The roster of those who arrived on the
special train is as follows:
Goyernor Nash Miss Deshler, Miss ' Helen
Deshler, Private Secretary F. M. Sinks, Mrs.
Sinks. General and Mrs. C. M. Spitzer, Colonel
and Mrs. H. E. Klllson. Colonel and Mrs. G.
B Donavln, Colonel and 'Mrs. J. S. Bird, Mr.
and Mrs. J. S. Kelley. Colonel W. H. Bur
rows, Colonel and Mrs. C. J. Hoster, Colonel
C. B. Wing, Colonel M. M. Gillette; Colonel
P. Rtetzell, Chaplain Rev.-G. W. Collier, Misa
Phelps, Miss Stewart, Miss Sheldon Mr; and
Mrs. H. J. Hoover, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Black,
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Whiting, A. Wagner,
E. A. Hershey, Mr. and Mrs. George W. Sle
ber, Mr. and Mrs. E. "J. Yaughn,' Mr. and Mrs.
R. E. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Lowe, Mr.
and Mrs; F. H. Miller, Mrs. G. J. Karb, Mrs.
J. Cashatt, Mr. and Mrs: W. - H. " Lambrecht,
Judge H. D. Buckland and wife, J. D. Elli
son, W. C. Boland. G. H. Waldbrldge, H. C.
Vortrede 71. B. Arnold, M. McDonald, J. W.
Dages. H. C. Werner, W. F. Burdell, J. W.
Falkner Dr. George Stephenson, H. A. Lan
man, W. A. Legg, S. H. Marvin. F. H. Hey
wood. A. I. Vorhys, S. J. Flickinger, W. E.
Josephs, C. M. Peters, Judge J. F. Burkett,
J. P. de Wolf, J. B. Allen, Ewing Jones,
Chase Stewart, M. Zlttle, Ralph Lazarus,
Simon Lazarus, T. Troupe, Theodore Troupe,
Judge E. Fisher and N. Longworth.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L. SUNDAY, MAY 12, 1901.
Continued From Twenty-Fifth Page.
WELCOMED TO SAN FRANCISCO
29
o ¦ •¦¦*•©
i Dry Goods -&I^^Sf5- Company. I
| : |
| * |
• FEATHERBOAS. 1
C Colors: Black, Gray, Natural and Black and White. 0
0 Lengths: 36, 45, 54 and 72 in.hes. < O
§ LADIES' NECKWEAR. • |
9 Paris designs in Chiffon, Lace, Taffeta,'etc. " q
1 LADIES' RUFFS. |
J Literty, Chiffon and Chenille. . O
S LACE AND LACE TRIMMED COLLARS. 8
0 In Arabian and Venlse Laces. - . •
8 LACE BOLEROS. . ! 8
• Venlse and Arabian. ¦ •
| REAL LACE HANDKERCHIEFS. |
§ Point, Duchesse, Valenciennes, etc. *
8 LADIES' LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS. , 8
• Plain and Initials. ,; •
f VEILINGS. J
Plain, Dotted and New Combinations. q
• e
9 Mail and Express Orders Receive Prompt Attention. ©
8 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 8
q SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco. q
• UNION square. •
ocoooooeooo©©ocooae«oo59eoooo0ooo©oe©»©9o©o®c
AMUSEMENTS.
*TIVOLI*
TO-NIGHT
Last of tho Great Record Breaker
THE IDOL'S EYE
"HOOT MON"
££ta7r:~MAY'13th
First production in this city.
THE SPLENDID LONDON SUCCESS.
I he
Toy
in yi ¦
ivi3.jKcr
A DECIDED NOVELTY.
SPLENDID MUSIC.
FUMNY PLOT.
INTENSELY HUMOROUS SITUATIONS. •
NEW SQNGS-^SPARKLING DIALOGUE. :
GORGEOUSLY MOUNTED— GREAT CAST.
PAUL STEINDORFF, MUSICAL DIRECTOR.
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEB SATURDAT
AT 2.
Popular Prices ~ 25c and 50c.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
SPRING MEETING— Opening April a.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK;
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. tad
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 .and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trains -via.
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electrlo cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes. >
Returning:— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President/
R. - B. MILROY. Secretary. -
LAST APPEARANCE OF
ERNEST SETON-TBOMPSON
METROPOLITAN HALL,-
TO-DAY,
SATURDAY MORNING. May 11. at 11 o'clock.
"SCENES FROM ANIMAL LAND.**
; ? ; Illustrated with stereopticon views..
ALL THE CHILDREN OP SAN FRANCIS-
CO and their friends are Invited to see their
favorites— Lobo, tha Kins Wolf; Motile Cot-
tontail. Old Grumpy. . Little Johnny Bear, the
Pacing Mustang-, etc, etc.
Adults, ,60c; Children, 23c. No. reserved seat*,
EXCURSION
To witness the* launch of the U. S. BAT-
TLESHIP OHIO. Saturday, May 18, 1301. Cal-
ifornia Transportation* ; Company's steamers
Pride of the River and Onlsbo will leave
Jackson st. pier No. 5, 10:30 a. m. Only a
limited number - of tickets will be sold for
these steamers. Tickets, $1. For sale at the
Emporium and DOREY- & CUNNINGHAM'S.
509 Montgomery St.. 4, and 302 Market rt.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOLUlJin O Admission lOc.
Damery and Bancroft, Augusta Sahrinl.
Clara Palmer Hyde. De Boe. Belle Wilton and
Evans, Devees and Evans. /
Reserved Seats. 23c. Matinee ' Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN (NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to ID p. m. i
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
¦ ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN' 5e.
Rgthlng. including admission. 25c. Children. 20c
r»RALACE HOTEL-
¦ - • - - •
' Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not. to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca- t
tlon, courteous attaches and un equaled
; cuisine. American and European plans.
••GRAND HOTEL*-
! '
AiamsEMENTa.
f*fll IIMBIA 5AH FRANCISCO'S
wUsUUIwlDIA LEADING THEATRE
TO-NIGHT
AND FOR 6 MORE NIGHTS
AND SATURDAY MATINEE!
r** M /^ JAS. A.
W Vy I - HERNE'S
¦^ ir\\J GREAT PLAY
harbor:
, A SrORY OF. 1 HEART AND HOME.
first ANNOUNCEMENT.
The ManageVnent of This Theater Desires to
Announce the Inaugural of the Third
HENRYMILLER
SEASON
For the Evening of
MONDAY, MAY 20.
FIRST WEEK— Katlneas Wednesday and Saturday.
"HEARTSEASE."
API TO Will be claced on sale commencing:
.\rfl l.\ next Thursday morning. : No orders
UUnil* accepted in advance of that date..
MATINEE TO-DAY. PRICES, 10c. 15c, 25c.
. TO-NIGHT. LAST PERFORMANCE,
*«THE OCTOROON."
Plantation Scenes and Melodies, Buck and "Wing
Dancing, Clever Specialties, Etc. '
DDIfCe EVENINGS... ...lOc, 15c, 25c, S5c, BOc
IJflVCJ MATINEES 10c, 15c, 2Sc
TO-MORROW (Monday)— All Next Week.
EXTRA MATINEE NEXT WEDNESDAY,
The Champion Feather-weight.
TERRY McGOVERJV
•-. > : In his great- success, .
' "THE BOWERY AFTER DARK."
'A Sensational Melodrama. A Three-round
Contest Between McGovern and Dougherty In
the Last Act. No • Advance in Prices. .- .
ALHAMBRA
TREMENDOUS HIT!
MATINEE TO-DAY.
. EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK,.;. .
M COLUMBIA \J
INSTREL C0MPAN1
AflBlaek-Face Artists -Sing-- A ft
hSS ers, Dancers. Comedians, hll
U U Vaudeville Performers. U U
LARGEST ORGANIZATION IN EXIST-
¦ . . . . ENCE. . «
PRICES ........-¦ • :....10c, 25o and EOc
Phone Howard ' 1974. . . • - .
¦ . ¦ '% ' . ¦¦ ¦ ':•.'¦¦¦.¦ ¦¦..¦.'
Grand Flower Show,
• : California State Floral Society.
GRAND NAVE, FERRY BUILDING.;
Thursday;. Friday, Saturday,
MAY; 16, 17, 18.
ADMISSION, 25c. Day and Evening.
iMt^iii'i«aiiTi»ij¥i"ii Tl Tf.nti ¦ ft iHri li ¦ '" i*i urin i ii i > in ir irn
AMUSEMENTS.
...TO-DAY...
Sunday - - - - - - May 12
OPEN
AND
Puppy Stakes.
136 NOMINATIONS— 136
$1200 S. $1200
Thursday - - '.-. - ' -'• May 16
The Knocker Club Stake.
Something New in Coursing.
TRAIN SERVICE: )
Leaves Third and ] Townsend streets 10:15 a.
m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p.m. Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets five minutes later. Re-
turning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last course.
San Mateo electrlo cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
MATINEE TO-DAY! SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT, "THE CONQUERORS."
TO-MORROW NIGHT and Entire Week,
EXTRA MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
' - "Our President'* Greeting. .-. *„¦'.'
Elaborate Scenic Production of Milton Royle's
- • Comedy Drama,
FRIENDS!
Reserved Seats— 16c, 2So,85c, 60c.
Regular Matinees Saturday and ' Sunday.
: Next— "THE FIRST BORN."
CHUTES and zoo
EVERY -AFTERNOON AND EVENING. -
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN
And Her Three Pickaninnies.
AND A HOST OF .OTHER VAUDEVILLE
STARS. .
FORREST^SEABURY,
THE FAMOUS HIGH DIVER.
»'¦•-. . . . ¦ : .-.".- ' -¦'-¦ '; '
¦ ..• .Telephone for Seats— Park 23.- •
LAUNCHING OnHE^OHIO."
McKINLEY GRANDSTAND SEATS.
¦ ,,Wltness^ crowning . event " of . the ! week from
ourj reserved, seats : very closest to great bat-
tleship. r CONKLIN'S ticket offlce, 667: Market
st. ; ; phone . Main'; 6337. Also a lew ; tickets ' for
the bis 20C0-ton steamer l"John • S. • Klmball."i
AHUSEMXNTSL
A PRESIDENTIAL WELCOME BILL
Week Commencing MATINEE TO-DAY,
SUNDAY. May 12th.
JOHN LANCASTER & CO,
Presenting Their Farcical Absurdity, "A
Thoroughbred."
"One of. vaudeville's best comedies."— Eastern
Critics.
BISON CITY QUARTETTE
An Eminent Eastern Singing Combination.
The Famous Musical Comedian.
Dancers, Vocalists and Comedians.
I Comedy Bicyclists.
THE GREAT AMERICAN %
BIOGRAPH
FAREWELL WEEK OF
THE AGOUST FAMILY
The Greatest Jugglers on Earth,
MclNTYRElnd HEATH
Presenting • Their New and Original Military
Comedy, "OBEYING ORDERS."
Parquet, 23c. any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children.
10c, any part except reserved. A few front
Orchestra rows reserved. BOc; front rows of
Balcony reserved. 25c.
SPECIAL. MATINEES-^-Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday. Saturday and Sunday. ¦ :
GRAND' OPE t?A HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY— LAST NIGHT OF
"SON OF NAPOLEON."
Commencing MONDAY EVENING.
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER,
Supported by Our New Stock Company, la
Daniel L. Hart's Great Drama,"
"GOVERNMENT
ACCEPtANCE."
One of Stuart Robson's Greatest Successes.
PRICES.... 10c, 15c, 25c. BOc. A few seats 73c
A good reserved seat in Orchestra Saturday
and Sunday Matinees, 25c. f> ¦.
i BRANCH TICKET OFFICE EMPORIUM. ¦
TO GREET ' THE NATION'S PRESIDENT.
. STARTING WITH TO-NIGHT.
All This Week. Matinee Saturday.
SPECIAL BARGAIN MATINEES EVERY
THURSDAY.
Prices .......;..... .25c and 50c reserved
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting for the First Time in the West
CLYDE FITCH'S Dramatic Triumph,
BARBARA
FRIETCHIE.
Evening 23c. 33c. 50c. 73c. $1.03
Saturday Matinee : 35c. 50c, 73c
NEXT— "PHROSO."
KJL* ¥ IVi M^ a A* con.MAson
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
Miss ETHEL BARLOW
The $40,000 Beauty. With the $60,000. Wardrobe,
IN LIVING PICTURES.
1NGHAM,
; - • Tho World-Fanfous Equilibrist^
MABEL HUDSON,
Tha Popular California ; Nightingale.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
' MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY."
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
• r : r- ADMISSION; FREE.; '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST. j
*— ; . — : : +
The Largest Exclusive Cloak and
Suit House West of New York.
High Grade Tailor^Suits
Wholesale Prices. •
1527.50 TAILOR SUITS AT -j&k
Tailored Suits, made in the Yf
• tic tailoring, first-class in V^-j^g!^j^ j
value at that. Wholesale fy/ &;Mj»
$20.00 TAILOR SUITS AT '.3^-
Black Vebble^Cheviot. or A[!&la|^C
English Whipcord in new- iW'-' '^ISjRSs.
est Eton effect: the iacket £ v>S^^W.>S3j^^
is lined with excellent taf- /" :/*¦ '¦\^r£05S5-.
feta silk, the. skirt with taf-^--' ?: • •¦ ••'-^* :> -^ a '-
fetteen, a rich lookins: garment. Excellent value $20.00. Wholesale
price, $15.00.
S42.50 HIGH NOVELTY SUITS AT $27.50.
Fawn," Tan, Gray, Venetian. Russian Blouse Suits, with circular
flounce skirt; the entire costume handsomely tucked: silk-lined through-
out; reasonable at $42.50. Wholesale price, $27.50. j
$17.50 SILK SKIRTS AT $12.50.
• Silk Grenadine and Taffeta Silk Skirts, with double chiffon or silk
ruffle, latest cut, perfect hanging; real value $17.50. Wholesale price
$12.50.
$15.00 JACKETS AT $10.00.
Auto fiox Coats and latest style Spring Jackets, made of superior quality
kersey or English cheviot, lined throughout with excellent quality taffeta
silk, fine tailoring: reasonable at $15.00. Wholesale price $1O.OO. !United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday ordered the release of Clinton
P. Ferry, alias William Renz, a 16-year
old boy, who had enlisted in the navy
without the consent of his parents. The
boy was produced in court by Captain
Henry Glass of the Pensacola and re
stored to the arms of his mother, Mrs.
Evelyn P. Ferry, who had petitioned for
the writ of habeas corpus.
Ferry Out on Habeas Corpus.
It is alleged that Flower, expecting an
examination, sent to another bank in this
city a Government sealed package said
to contain $40,000 and received in exchange
for It $40,000 In gold clearing-house certifi
cates of the denomination of $5000 .each.'
His cash having been counted by the Na
tional Examiner the evening before and
found correct, it is alleged he returned
the clearing-house certificates to the bank
from which he had borrowed them and
received in return his unbroken Govern
ment package said to contain $40,000.
This package was received by th© Hi
bernia National Bank from the sub-treas
ury of this city in March last and con
tained $4000 in $1 bills. It is alleged that
Flower had preserved a label from an old
Government package that did contain $40,
000 In denominations of $10 each, which he
pasted «n the package which contained
only $4000 in $1 bill3, thereby making it a
$40,000 package to all appearances. This
package was opened and counted aJfter his
departure from the bank.
Flower Is a cousin of th© lat© Mayor
Flower and comes from one of the most
prominent families In the State. He is a
son of the late ex-United States Sub-
Treasurer Samuel Flower of this city. His
bond for $10,000 was promptly signed when
he was arraigned in .the United States
Court to-day.
- NEW ORLEANS, : May ' 11.— Samuel
Flower, paying teller of the Hibernia Na
tional Bank, was arrested here to-day by
United , States Marshal Fontelieu and
charged with a shortage of $36,000. The
Fidelity and Deposit Company of Balti
more is on Flower's bond for $25,000.
Son of a Former United States
Sub-Treasurer in-
Trouble.
Official of a Bank at
New Orleans Is
Arrested.
CHARGEGE TELLER
WITH SHORTAGE
ls*EW FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER KONA, LAUNCHED FROM ALAMEDA
POINT YESTERDAY. SHE WAS BUILT FOR HIND, ROLPH & CO.
AND "WILL BE PUT IN THE SUGAR TRADE.
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is tne mean of the -lower low waters.
•
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Following Is a statement of the . estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. Lipplncott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey: .
FLOW OF RIVERS.
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
. chants Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 11, 5901. . . .
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon' to-day—
1. e.; at noon of the 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. . . .
, - CO. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., la charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the> same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Saturday, May 11.
•Stmr Golden Gate, McKenna, Karluk.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Ptmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Peru. Pillsbury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria.
Stmr Crescent City. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Del Norte, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Unalaska.
U S stmr Egbert. Hawes, Alaska.
Bktn Gardiner City, Walton, Port Gamble.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura, in
tow of tuj Rescue.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgensen, Coquille River.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Campbell. Bodega. ¦
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Larsen, Fort Ross..
Schr Lettitia, Funcke, Cape Nome.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, Iversens Landing.
RETURNED. 0
Etmr Empire, Macgenn, hence this morning
for Coos Bay, returned on account of steering
gear becomins disabled.
SPOKEN.
March 24, lat 34 S. Ion 27 W— Br ehip Marion
Lightbody, from OregonJ for' Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 11, 10 p. m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed May 11— Stmr Cottage
City, for Skacuay; Btmr Bertha, for Valdez.
Arrived May' 11— Stmr Victorian, from Skag
uay. ¦ l
SAN DIEGO— Sailed May 11— Stmr Corona,
for Ballard.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 11— itmr Robert
Dollar, from Port Hadlock; Btmr Ban Pedro,
from Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 10— Stmr Co
ronado, for San Pedro; stmr Coquille River,
for San Francisco: schrs John F Miller and
Jennie Thelin. for San Francisco, j
EUREKA— Arrived May 11— Stmrs Santa Bar
bara and Noyo, hence May 9.
Sailed May 11— Stmr Alliance, from Coos
Bay; Bchr Fortuna, hence May 3.
TILLAJIOOK- Sailed May 11— Stmr W H
Krujrer, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed May 10-Stmr
Samoa, for San Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed May lVBr Btmr
Adato, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ROTAL ROADS— Sailed May 10— Br bark
Ivanhoe, for Melbourne.
TYNE— Arrived May 8— Br ship Hutton Hall,
hence Dec 25.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 10— Br ship Fannie
Kerr, hence Dec 9.
In port April 27— Br Ehip Muflkoka. for San
Francisco.
CALAIS— Arrived May 10-<3er bark Pallas,
from Vancouver.
PANAMA— Sailed May 6— Chll stmr Palena,
for So n • Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Sailed May 10-Ger bark Her
sogln Sophie Charlotte, for Hamburg; Fr bark
Louis Pasteur, for Antwerp.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 24-Ger bark Lou
ise, for Vancouver.
NANAIMO— Sailed May 10— Stmr Mineola, for
Port Los Anseles.
NEWCASTLE. Aus-Arrlved May 11-Shlp
John Ena, from Delagoa Bay.
Sclled May 11— Bark Oregon, for Honolulu.
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 11— Stmr San Juan,
for Panama. ' *
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NETW YORK— Arrived May 11-Stmr La Lor
raine, from Havre; Btmr Cuflc. from Liverpool.
Balled May 11— Stmr Manitou, for London;
stmr Maasdam, for Rotterdam; stmr Batavla,
for Hamburg: Btmr Etruria, for Liverpool;
Btmr Trave, for Naples; stmr Furnessla, for
Glasgow.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to May 1— Stmr
Carlisle City, from San Francisco and San
Deigo. via Nagasaki; stmr Tacoma, from Ta
coma. via Yokohama.
LONDON— Sailed May 11— Stmr Montevldean,
for Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Ma" 11— Stmr Bel
genland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to May 11— Stmr
China, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong.
Sailed May »— Stmr Olympia, from Hong
kor.e, . for Victoria.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived May 11 — 8tmr
Koer,isen Lulse, from New York, for Bremen.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 11— Stmr Zeland.
from New York.
Sailed May 11— Stmr Kensington, for New
York. " ¦
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 11— Stmr Western
land, for Philadelphia; etmr Umbria, for New
! York. • . •• •
HAVRE— Sailed May 11— Stmr La Gascogne,
for New York; stmr l'Aqultaine, for New
York. \
SAILED.
Schr Helen N Kimball, Hansen. Fanning
Island, via Kahului; John TVightman Jr.
SUNDAY, MAY 18.
NOTE— In the above' exposition of the tides
the earlV morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the Euccesslve tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but threa
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) eign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
TUOLUMNE RIVER* AT LA GRANGE.
Come Around To-Morrow.
W. F. Pipher, receiver, will sell to-mor
row the regular $3 50 shoes for ladies and
men for $1 45.- Mind you, these shoes are
by far the best shoes that ' were ever of
fered at forced sale. Every: pair, must be
sold before the week is over, at the bank
rupt shoe sale of the California : Shoe
Company, 1506 Market street, above -City
Hall avenue. . . ¦- , •. •
¦V\ '. -i' Saturday, May lL
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 13 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 4 days from Fair
haven.
Stmr Hyades, Gerllch, 84 hours from Seattle.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr South Portland, Hall, 4 days 10 hours
from Seattle.
Br bark Belfast, Davles, £3 flays from^Iqul
quc . •
Schr Mary Etta, JTyman. 20 hours from Flsh
exr&SLSS Bay.
CLEARED.
'.-, :'. •¦%*•'. Satnrfiay, May lL
Btmr Homer, bonalteon, Unalaeka; North
Am Commercial Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and N'av Co.
Stmr Peru. Pi llsbunv Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; Pacific Mail SS Co.
fitmr Antyll, Gilboy, Panama; Panama Rail
road ES Line.
Nor star Tltanla, Egenes, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Schr Lottie Bennett, Rasmussen, Cape Nome;
Ames Mercantile Co.
Schr 6 T Alexander, Ipsen, Kahului; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
Schr Dora Bluhm. Seymour, Hanamaula Bay,
Hawaii; Williams, Dlmond & Co.
Shipping Intelligence.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamer Peru
called yesterday for the Orient with a general
cargo valued at {1S1.295, manifested as follows:
For China, $98,095; Japan, $39,169; Manila, -ja,
656; East Indies, jn.TGS; Korea, $2283; Slam,
f!443; Euez. $889. The following were the prin
cipal exports:
For China— S3C1 Iba beans. 778 lbs butter, 10
cs blackberry brandy, 112 cr bicycles and sun
dries. 604 cs. canned goods, 2688 lbs chocolate,
1S56 lbs cheese, 600 bales 161 pkgs domestics,
10,025 bbls flour, 11 pkgs fruit. 72 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 10 cs glassware, 169 cs
liquors, 6 pkgs machinery, S030 lbs pearl bar
ley, 29 cs ealmon, 755 -cs eo&p, 209 cs 4 bbls
whisky 200 gals wine.
For Japan— 120 cskg bottled beer, 9 cr bicy
cles and sundries 34S0 lbs butter, 860 cs canned
milk. 23 cs electrical supplies, 171 rolls leather,
25 cs liquors. 2100 pigs lead, 114 pkgs ma
chinery, 1150 kegs 20 cs nails, 87 ci type
writers. 103 pals wine.
For Manila— 10 cs axle grease, £475 cr empty
bottles. 127 cs canned goods. 117 pkrs groceries
and provisions, 20 cs hardware, 1082 lbs ham
and bacon, 63,060 lbs malt, 10 bbls oil, 23 cs
paper, E cs stationery, 59 ci typewriters, 2357
gals whisky 73 cs 378 gals wine
For East Indies— 184 cs canned goods, 1000 lbs
<5ried fruit. 8 pkgs groceries and provisions 91
cs hardware end tools. 16 bdls pipe 631 pkgs
machinery. 29 Pkgs eteel, 20 pkgs vegetables.
For Korea— 227 cs canned goods, 7 cs eleo
trlcal supplies, 1E17 lbs ham and bacon, 49
pkgs groceries end provisions, 281 lbs coffee.
IS bblc flour.
For Slam — 21 cs canned goods. 4 cs electrical
supplies. 6 cs hardware. 2 cs dry goods
•For Suez— % cs canned fruits, 190 cs canned
ealmon.
A Cargo for Fanning Island.
The- Bchooner Helen N. Kifoball cleared yes
terday for Fanning 'Island with merchan
dise valued at ?2463, Including the following:
15 cs hardware, 2 bales twine, i cs dry goods,
£ pkgs furniture, 101 cs canned goods, 45 pkgs
crrocerles and provisions, 12 cs coal oil 4 cs
drugs, 4 bbls flour, 792 lbs lard, m's lbs
4 colls cordage, 1« cs soap, 20 cs paints
Z796 lbs rice.
Merchandise for the Orient.
Provisions for Petropaulofski.
The British schooner Alexander cleared Fri
day for Petropaulofski, via Aberdeen, where
she will load a cargo of lumber. The vessel
carried the following merchandise from this
port: 2163 lbs ham and bacon, 4S00 lbs lard,
3441 lbs bread. 69 cr furniture.
The steamer City of Puebla. Vhich sailed
yesterday for Victoria, carried merchandise for
British Columbia valued at $18,600, including
the following: 60 cs axle grease, 27 cs arms
and ammunition. 2995 lbs butter. 27 cr cab
bage. 150 cs canned poods. 883 lbs cheese, SO
cs syrup of figs. 26.CT7 lbs dried fruit. 732 bxs
fruit, 18 pkgs groceries an d provisions, 10 cs
hate, 20 cs honey. 13 pkgs machinery, 90,735
lbs malt, 59 tins matches. 862 lbs nuts. 20 kegs
nails, 75 cr onions, 175 bxs paste, 25 blJls pitch.
600 rolls 12 cs paper, 40 c» paint, -SO cr pota
toes, 145 bxs ralelns, 1050 lbs eugar, £92 pigs
tin. SD40 lbs table meal. 25 bbls tar, 45S 6ks
vegetables, 305 gals wine. In addition to above
the vessel carried 611 cs canned asparagus,
valued at $3135, to be transhipped to the East
ern States.
Merchandise for British. Columbia.
Snipping Merchants.
The Alexander will load lumber at Grays
Harbor for Petropaulof ski ; the Thalassa, lum
ber at Burrard Inlet for Europe. 87s 6d, prior
to arrival; the W. F. Jewett, lumber at Port
Gamble toe Hilo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
2TFWS OF THE OCEAN.
The gasoline launches Sybil and William
D raced from Oakland to Folsom street
wharf yesterday. There was not three
feet difference between the boats at the
finish.
The schooner Helen M. Kimball has
cleared for Fanning Island. On her return
che will bring up George Greig, King of
the Fanning group. The Kimball will call
at Kahului on her way to Fanning.
The steamer Kmpire started for Coos
Bay yesterday, but had to put back on
account of the steering gear becoming dis
abled.
A lad named John Young had his left
hand badly smashed in an elevator at
Castle Bros.', On Davis street, yesterday.
He ¦was treated at the Harbor Hospital.
The British bark Belfast arrived from
Iquique yesterday with 2000 tons of niter.
Shfr had fair weather up to April 27, when
strong northwest gales, accompanied by
heavy squalls, were encountered.
Water Front Uotes.
Iowa's Mascot Discharged.
The crew of the battleship Iowa got rid
of their mascot yesterday. For a couple
of years the pride of the ship has been
a brown bear. It was only a cub when
one of the sailors brought it aboard, and
it soon became a great pet. JCow it is al
most full grown, and has become too big
and too hearty an cater for the ship's
company. Bruin was accordingly brought
ashore yesterday and will be presented to
the Xative Sons.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
Peru, which was withdrawn from the
Central American trade last month, sailed
for Hongkong via Honolulu and Toko
hama vestorday. She takes the place of
the lost Rio de Janeiro on the company's
schedule and was especially overhauled
for the trade.
The Peru took away a very large cargo,
among which were several large consign
ments of flour. Among her cabin, passen
gers is Baron Romano Avezanor, who is
on his way to Shanghai on business of
the Russian Government. M. L>. Esberg
and bride are passengers as far as Ho
nolulu.
Captain Pillsbury went out in command
of the mail boat.
a Number of Passengers.
It is only a few years ago that the firm
of Hind. Rolph & Co. entered the Ha
waiian trade, but it has. made rapifi
strides and is now among the leaders.
Two more vessels are to be added to its
fleet during the next few weeks. One of
them, the Lahaina, will be the largest
barkentine ever built on the coast. She
will be 220 feet long, 41 feet S Inches beam
and 17 feet deep. She also will be a four
master and is now ready for launching
from Boole's yards at Alameda Point.
The other vessel will also be a barken
tine and is now almost ready for launch-
Ing from Bendlxsen's yards at Eureka.
This vessel is to be named Kohala, and
will be an exact duplicate of the barken
tine William. Carson, wrecked off the
coast of Hawaii on the night of December
£9. 1S39.
PEBTJ SAILS FOB. THE OBXENT.
Takes Away a Valuable Cargo and
ANOTHER very handsome four
masted 6chooncr was launched
from Hay &. Wright's yards at
Alameda Point yesterday. She
was christened Kona and will
form one of Hind, Rolpn & Co.'s island
fleet. The Kona is 1S5 feet long. 38 feet 6
inches beam and 14 feet deep, and is
therefore almost an exact duplicate of
the Mindora, launched from the same
yards a few weeks ago. She will be
painted white, like all of the Hind-Rolph
fleet, and is expected to prove a very fast
boat.
NEW SCHOONER FOR SUGAR TRADE
IS LAUNCHED AT ALAMEDA POINT
Christened Kona and Flies Hind, Rolph & Co/s House Flag-— Large
Barkentine Ready to Slide Down Ways*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 12, 19O1.
30
Sun rises
Sun Bets
Moon rises ..1:06 a
iTlmel iTime • Time ¦ Time
Date) Ft. Ft Ft
I L. W _¦ H W L W | H W
IX ... 0:09 1.3 6:51 4.4 12:06 0.9 7-00
18... 1:10 1.6 7:10 4.4 1:04 1.2 7 40
14... .2:00 0.8 8:25 4.5 1:54 1.6 8:23
15 ... 2:52 0.2 9:33 4.7 2:41 1.7 <fO<
1G ... 3:42—0.4 10:36 4.8 3:28 2.0 9 : 46
17... 4:32—0.9 11:31 4.9 4:14 2.3 1030
18... 5:21—1.21.12:26 4.9 5:00 2.6 11 : 14
..5:02
..7:10
i. m.
Ft.
5.4
6.C
5.3
C.2
C.5
c.rt
6.6
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
— ; 1
May 12.
Ar SJ U " N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 34
Santa Rosa... San Diejjo 9 am Pier 11
„ • , May 13.
Mandalay Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona...... Humboldt ll:3u p Pier »
b. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 Dm Pier 13
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 14.
Alliance ptld & Coos Bay. 5 pm Pier 16
Rainier Seattle & N. What 2 pm Pier 2
Denderah Hamburg & Way. ....... Pier 27
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 8
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 3
«, ¦», , May 15.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
g u « en San Diego 9 am Pier U
*uiton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
_ . ainy 1G.
Eureka.,. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
r , t , h £? rk • • * gumboldt • • • • • 9 am Pier 2
\Yalla1Yalla. Puget Sound Ports U am Pier 9
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 34
_ May 17.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ..".. 5 pm Pier 2
May 18. l
£°!; ona :: Newport 9 am Pier 11
Zealandla.... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
iV^P 0 !*-,'"" Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
S* i * ? lder - Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma
San Bias Champerlco
llattewan Tacoma ¦.
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay..
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Victoria Oyster Harbor ..;
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Pofta....
Queen San Diego
Bonlta Newport
Pomona Humboldt
North Fork Humboldt
Fulton Grays Harbor
Santa Barbara. Humboldt
Mackinaw Seattle
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma....
Eureka Humboldt
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor
Newburg San Pedro
Washtenaw Tacoma
San Pedro... ..\ San Pedro
Acme Sluslaw River
Kvarven Comox .....'...
Marlposa Honolulu :
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria..
Corona Newport ..:
Crescent City.. Crescent City ..'
BantaRosa San Diego
Point Arena.... Point Arena ;
Rival Wlllapa Harbor
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
Empire , ~oos Bay
Acapulco ' Panama & Way Ports.
Kambysea Hamburg & Way Ports
Arcata Coos Bay
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 13
May 13
May IJ
May 13
May 13
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 16
May 16
May 16
May 16
May 17
May 17
May 19
May 19
May 19
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
— ; 1
May 12.
Ar SJ U " N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 34
Santa Rosa... San Diejjo 9 am Pier 11
„ • , May 13.
Mandalay Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona...... Humboldt ll:3u p Pier »
b. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 Dm Pier 13
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 14.
Alliance ptld & Coos Bay. 5 pm Pier 16
Rainier Seattle & N. What 2 pm Pier 2
Denderah Hamburg & Way. ....... Pier 27
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 8
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 3
«, ¦», , May 15.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
g u « en San Diego 9 am Pier U
*uiton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
_ . ainy 1G.
Eureka.,. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
r , t , h £? rk • • * gumboldt • • • • • 9 am Pier 2
\Yalla1Yalla. Puget Sound Ports U am Pier 9
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 34
_ May 17.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ..".. 5 pm Pier 2
May 18. l
£°!; ona :: Newport 9 am Pier 11
Zealandla.... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
iV^P 0 !*-,'"" Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
S* i * ? lder - Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma
San Bias Champerlco
llattewan Tacoma ¦.
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay..
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Victoria Oyster Harbor ..;
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Pofta....
Queen San Diego
Bonlta Newport
Pomona Humboldt
North Fork Humboldt
Fulton Grays Harbor
Santa Barbara. Humboldt
Mackinaw Seattle
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma....
Eureka Humboldt
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor
Newburg San Pedro
Washtenaw Tacoma
San Pedro... ..\ San Pedro
Acme Sluslaw River
Kvarven Comox .....'...
Marlposa Honolulu :
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria..
Corona Newport ..:
Crescent City.. Crescent City ..'
BantaRosa San Diego
Point Arena.... Point Arena ;
Rival Wlllapa Harbor
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
Empire , ~oos Bay
Acapulco ' Panama & Way Ports.
Kambysea Hamburg & Way Ports
Arcata Coos Bay
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 13
May 13
May IJ
May 13
May 13
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 16
May 16
May 16
May 16
May 17
May 17
May 19
May 19
May 19
Sun rises
Sun Bets
Moon rises ..1:06 a
iTlmel iTime • Time ¦ Time
Date) Ft. Ft Ft
I L. W _¦ H W L W | H W
IX ... 0:09 1.3 6:51 4.4 12:06 0.9 7-00
18... 1:10 1.6 7:10 4.4 1:04 1.2 7 40
14... .2:00 0.8 8:25 4.5 1:54 1.6 8:23
15 ... 2:52 0.2 9:33 4.7 2:41 1.7 <fO<
1G ... 3:42—0.4 10:36 4.8 3:28 2.0 9 : 46
17... 4:32—0.9 11:31 4.9 4:14 2.3 1030
18... 5:21—1.21.12:26 4.9 5:00 2.6 11 : 14
..5:02
..7:10
i. m.
Ft.
5.4
6.C
5.3
C.2
C.5
c.rt
6.6
ADVERTISEilEireS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy Th\t
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor '
. to Men.
A Free Trial Packasr8 Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sulfering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial ¦ packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
— The remedy: has. a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
If cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., statins that you desiro one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delav.
, OCEAIT TBAVEIfa
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.'
Steamers leave Broadway
jj^ wharf, Ban Francisco:
VfifflRsii For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
HIi©i»w May L » 6 - n > 16 - 21 - 26 - 31>
gp«5^»«H Tune r>. Change to company s
E^B&WinSKfl steamers at Seattle.
Bg^^SjSl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
MOVWiraiMi C ) Port Townsend, Seattle,
i **^li8H Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
¦ a nd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
~" u a. m.. May 1, 6, 11, 16. 21,
26, 31. June 5 and every fifth day thereafter^
Change at Seattle. for this company •»
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.! at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay-l:30 p. m., .May
3. 8, 13, 18. 23. 28, June 2, and every fifth day
tl For a "an Diego, "topping only -at 8anta^.r-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Bedondo (Los An
geles)-Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a, m.,
steamer Santa Roea, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneme. San Pedro, East San Pedro
•Newport ('Corona only)-Steamer Corona, Bat-
urda7s? 9 m.j steamer Bonlta, TueadayB.
Fo^Ensenada, Magrdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. Las Faz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m.. 7th each
month. . . , . . - , _
For further Information obtain company s
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New ; Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). *¦*'.'¦ _. • _..-:.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. AKts.,
• , ' 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO. A
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to nil
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or stennmhio and fail, at
• . LOWEST RATES! :
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and . Meals.
6S.' COLUMBIA..... Sails May 13, 23, June 2. 12
SS. GEO. W. ELDER.Sails May 8, 18. 28, June 7
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
1 Montgomery it.. S. F.
eceaiaicsi.co.sSi
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)...........
;.. ....Saturday. -May 18. 10 a, rn.
SS.,MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
, New Zealand, and- Australia...,.
.:....:.. Thursday. May SO, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti............'......
Sunday, June 30, at. 4 p. m.
J. D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., General Agents. 327 Market St
Bon'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., PiBi\Ka;7, Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION^ CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, • stopping at -Mexican,' "Central
and South \ American' ports. 'Sailing -Fremont-
street Wharf, -12 'm. . v T .
GUATEMALA .May 1SILOA ............ June 13
PALENA May 301 TUCAPEL June 27
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and Soutlf American passenger service. (No
change atAcapulco or Panama.) .Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.-
COMPASNIE" GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. "*.»>_
hailing every Thursday. Instead of x^ifrtVj*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier «,"- >*W«¥»
North ; River, foot of Morton street. First class
to • Havre, ' $55 . and . upward. ¦ Second ¦ class to
Havre, ' $45 and upward:" GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and •", CANADA, 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York ; J. F.
FUGAZI & , CO./ Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery, avenue,- San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all. Railroad Ticket Aeents. ... : . . . . r. .'
OCEAN TRAVEL-
Golofnin Bay*
Nome City and
Teller Qtyj
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGGINS. Master.)
Leayes San Francisco on or
abont May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
For passage or freight rates call or address
.. .: . H. R.-DTJFFIN, Agent,''.
'¦- 138 Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO. .
NOME,
Teller, Behpirig,
Golofnin, etc,
S. S. VALENCIA,
i CHARLES GRAHAM, Master.
¦ Will Leava SAN FRANCISCO.
MAY 25, 1901,
~ . And Seattl*
MAY 30, 1901.
¦ For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
SO CALIFORNIA STRBErr, v SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Yesler way, Seattle.
¦ < ' . / ". ' ¦ -
.PacificlCoastiSteamship Co.
hfo^ FOR
Hi NOME
GOLDFIELDS.
THE BTBAMSHIP ,
CITY OF PDEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company*.. New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome la»t
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her paasengera and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. G«n. Agt...
10 Market street.
WILD GOOSE MINING AND TRAD-
ING COMPANY.
Passenger and Freight Steamer
CHAS. D. LANE.
NOME
TELLER, GOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR-
ENCE. ETC.
SAILS JUNE 1..
Superior First and Second Class Pas-
senger Accommodations.
50 Tons Cold Storage Capacity.
This company owns tho most success-
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring
safe discharge of all freight: also owns
and operates the "Wild Goose Ry.
Heavy Machinery. Barsres, Etc., Taken.
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO., 667 Market st.
NORTHEBN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
FOR—
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And .All Points on Yukon River.
Sailing Dates Subject to Change.
From San Francisco. ,- From Seattle.
May 25....... .8. S. "PORTLAND
June 1 8. S. "ST. PAUL" June 8
May 25 *S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
•"CONEMAUGH" carries freight and live
stock. . No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY, i,
310 Sansoma st., San Francisco.
n; a. t. & t. co.
TELLER. ST. MICHAEL and all YUKON
RIVER POINTS.
From San Francisco.
SS. ROANOKE ....Sails May 18
SS. SANTA ANA I 1 ..... .Sails
For tickets or freight space write or apply
UNION TICKET OBTICB,
' n - 630 Market et., S. F.
AMERICAN LINE. ;
NEW -YORK. SCTJTHAMPTOS. LOSDOK. PARIS."
Stopplns at Cherbourg; westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul. .../..... May 291 St Louis. .:.... .June 26
St. Louis June 5 St Paul.. .July 10
St. Paul..'.. June 19 1 St. - Loui»........July 17
RED STAR" LINE.
—New York and Antwerp.
/ From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Pennland ..May 22 FViesland June 12
Kensington May 29 Southwark June 19
Zeeland ..... — June 5 Vaderland ......June 26
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
• . CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYOKISENKAISBA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and • Brannan streets, at 1 d m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No \ cargo . received on board on
day of Balling-. - ¦; * - ' -
SS. AMERICA MARU. "Wednesday. May 29 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, June 22, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU..Wednesday, July 17, 1901
Round-trip ' tickets . at . reduced rates. ' For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
til Market street, . corner First. , .
W.' H. AVERT, General Agent, i
PANAMA R.R.^r
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
/Cabin. 9105; Steerage, 340.
SlS. Argyll _ sails Sunday, May 12
S. S. Lcelnnaw sails Monday, dune 3
S. S. Argyll : anils Monday, Juno 24
From Fr«mont-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office," 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific. Coast Agent.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY, YARD AMD VALLEJO.
~\ ' >\ -Steamer " Mbntlcello." :
MON.. TUES..' WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
»t 9:45 a. m.,: 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, -1 p. m. and 8:30; Bundays.-
10:30 ; a. ' m., . 8 . p. . m. . Landing ¦ and of flee, . Mis-
«ion-at Dock, Pier No. S.; Telephono Main 1508. \
. " BAUVWAY TBAVEL.
| M sgfzu^^ PdssengeS j
From Los Angeles Mondays and Wednesdays; San Francisco, HifilHniOftlTjJ a
Tuesdays and Thursdays— Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis— fc^agftjtF'e 3
EVERYWHERE east. Tickeu and berths at Southern Pacific ticket iSiMimjC&l H
offices or tt^\»-riting • :.:> " I^JSfflrjMCaJKl . 1
2 '". j W. D. Sanborn, Geni Agent, 631 Market St., San Francisco. » ' I
HiBrBryiBSTinHwirCBT^Biiirw sBfc^sT^wrsrTiWfflii r mEMuCBTfiiii A 1 w^yjTiia^aiy
f y lust a little bett» v M
¦ tian anj other tiaia v f|
I f— a little better service-^ &
§ a more homelike ¦ H
i feeling on the 0
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED I
than you find elsewner*,^ H
tnd It runs like this |
LEAVES'SAW FRANCISCO |
9 to Mon Tues Wad ThurjFrl Sat Sun I
ARRIVES CHICAGO I
2.16 im Tbur Frl Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed |
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO I
ON THE I
iMHTiTtE J
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l««i« itiitl nre duo lo nrrlf* '»»
MAN riUNVIMtO.
v. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — Frou Mat 6. 1901. — arbiv«
7:30a Benleia, Sniann, Elmin*, VacaviUa,
Ramsey aud dacraineuto 7i33r
7t30A DaTls, Woodland, Knishta Lai.dlnx,
Murjsfille. Urofillo_ 7:33r
7i30a Atlantic Kipresa— Ogdeu and »ast 12:23r
7:3Oa Port Costa. Martinez. Fresno, Ean-
ford, ViMlU, rorter«Ue *:33p
8:00 a Martinez, SauU»rnuu,Val!e]o,I4ap» > ,
CalUtoga and Santa Uosa <t:2Sr
8:00a mies, Pleasinton, Lirennore, Stock*
ton, Fresno, Hanford. Visttlit,
Porterrille 7:2-1r
8:30 A Shuts Express— Daris, Wiili ma (for
Bartlett Sprfngs), Williws, Ked
Bluff, Portland. 7:33r
• i!tOi Sou Joae, Llvermore, Htocktoii.
lone. Haerameuto. Pla :s(«Uie,
JlarjRiills, Chico. ltnl »..uT -tiZSr
8:3Oa Oakdale, Chinese (Tose^uce), So-
nora. Cartels ' 4:2Hr
9:00a Hajwarda, Nilrs r nd XV*j Stations. I 1:33a
»:OOa Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lattimp. a uukton. Merced
Freano ami Lcs Ans»'es 7:25p
»::«Oa Vallrjci. Martiutu amt \V»f Stations O:.15r
10:00a The Overland Limited— O«don, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago S:33p
fl:OAr Saerainuntu Itifor 8te»ni«rs )3:O»a
8:3»P Hay wardn, Nile* and Way Stations . 7:33 r
-iiKor Jteuicm. Winters. bacraiuento.
Woodland, Knighta Lauding,
Harjsfllle. Orotille 10:33a
4i00p Mnrtlnex, Han Hainon, Vallejo,
' Napa, C'alhOoxa. .Sa.iU Itos* »>S3a
4tOOp Nllea, Lrfermore. Stockton. Lodi... 1»:3Sa
4s!It»ir Haywards, Niles (laii.Iuae, LlTtrmore t^ : "A
3:U0F Tlie Owl Liraliad-Tracy. Stockton,
Fresno. Cakergfleld, Sangus for
Santa Barbara, Log Angeles 'S:33a
3:00f JTew Orleans Express— Bakgrstield.
Los Angeles, Ii; rnius, £1 Paso.
New Orleans and East TsSSa
5iO«p Yosemita 7:3.1a
O:iU>e Hay wards, Nilea aud Sau Joae 7^334
- f 6:00 1 Vallejo 11:334
tftOUr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:23p
O:OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Chioisco... 4i33r
. TiOOr Oregon and Calirorula Ki|>reu,Ha».
rameuto, MarymlKe, Ksdillng,
Poitlanit. Pnget Mound and Kas» »»»3*
SiOSr San Pablo, Fort Costa, Martinea
and Way Stations 11:3Sa
t8»O3p Vallejo ._, 7iS3y
COAST LINE (Narrow Uange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
t? > »3 a Santa Crnz Excursion to danta Gnu
and Principal Way Stations {SsOSy
S:13 A I7etTark.Ceuterfille.Sau Jose.Felton,
Boulder Crtek.Sauta Cruz and W»f
Stations 3i30r
t3<l3p Newark Center ville. San .Toae, New
Abnaden, Felton. Koulder Creek.
Santa Crux and Principal Was
Stations..... flOllIOA
«iI3r Newark, San Jo««. Lob Gatos { jiSlaJi
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSiX raiKCISCO — r«t »r Uuk*l Slrest (Slip 81—
t7:15 0:00 ll:C0».M. 1:03 J;Q9 B:lSr.M.
FrimOlIUilB— »i«t »f BroaJwaj. — 1«;00 tS:OO }3:0I
; 10:00a.m. 12:C3 2:00 1:03 r.u.
- COAST LJNE (Broa.1 llau^e).
(Third and Xownsend Sts.)
Oilo a Baa Jow and Way Mtations.. ....... 0>HUp
f 7:00a Han Jnseamt WaySUtloi itSOr
17tS0A Sunday Excursion for San Jcie.
- . '¦ Hint* Cruz. Ptcifio Grore and
Principal Way Station* tStSOv
•••Oa Han Jug, Tres Hiiim. Hanta (!rn>!.
PnoiKc UriiT», salinsa. San Lois
Obispo and Princiya! i;iterro«Juta
8tatl..na. .„ ¦1:10?
¦•iSOa San Jcse and Way Stations. 7s3or
/I»:Si»a New Ahna.leu. / 3:30*
I l>a<>A Man .lose ami Way SbtiMiiiin SiUOr
tS: lap San Matno, Kedirood, Menio Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .losv,
Trn Pinos. stunt* V.tux, Saiinaa.
Monterey and l*aoilio CroTB 1l<ts43i
S:3Or Ha.n. lose and Way UUtiuns 6:3»*
t4slS P Sail Jnneaii.l Principal Way Station* U: IS*
' t3:OOpSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way SUtions fO:OO*
3::«0p San Joss and 1'rlncipal W»y Stations 8:33a
«:OOp Redwwd. Nan Jo««. Gl!r y. Salioas,
Sant,» Birhara, Los Angeles 10:03a
•:OOp Del Monte, Monterey. Pacjflc GroTe. •
_A Lompos 1O:4I5a
«t»«rFS»ii Jose ami Way Stations t*=«»o*
. OH ;43p San Josh kikI Way Stotions 7:10T
". A for Morninz. P for A f ternoon.
1 HniMay eicepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. / Tuesdays aud Fridays.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
'V/.: Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 2S,. 1301.
FROM SAN FKANCISCO TO MILli VALXET
AND SAN KAFaKL.
¦WKEK DAYS-6:53. 8:30. »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
12:45, *1:<5. 3:li. 4:15, 5:15. «6:15. 6:4J p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, ¦Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 d. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00, 8:00. »9:00. *10:00. 11:00. 11:39
a ra . 12:«. *l:20. 2:M. '3:45. 5.C0. 6:00, 7:30 p. m.
11:00 a. m. >doea not ran to San Rafael Sun*
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAJSS FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-»3:25. S:2T. 7:47. 8:3i 10:C
a. rn *12:'5. 1:15. 2:20. »3:3J. 4:40.- 5:30 p. ra.
VxTRA TRIPS on- Mondays. Wednesday*
and' Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m. -
SUNDAY&-6:13. '3:00. 9:45. '11:00 a. m.. »13
m7, 1:00. 2:15. '3-20. 4:30. *5:45. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
"'Trains marked '(•) start frtm San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:43. 7:35. 8:53. 10:3»
a m7. 12:33.-1:43. 2:43. 3:50. 5:10. 5:?0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. S:CO. 10:05. 11:10 a. ra.. 13:15.
l- c -0 2:30. Z-i->. »:C0, 8:13, 7:13, 10:30 p. m. •
V ¦ THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way ata-
tions.
3:15. p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:13 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomak-3 and way stations. -
8 a. ra. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. rn. Sundays — Point Reyes asj «i/
CALIFOMIi H0RTH1ESTEM RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH " PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Bwtm F;anclaeo to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
¦ at ll:S0 p. m. Saturdays— Extra .trip* at 1:50
SUNDAYS— 8:00™" 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. S:SO.
6:00, 6:20 p. . m.
i |«i Rated f tea Fraaelw*
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 f.^J 3^
*:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.oo
EUNDAYs4':10r-9:40. 11:10. a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
Between* and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
- Ban Francisco. [April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ?! Sun- | Week
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:S0pro 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm 10:25 am
BJlOpm B:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburr. 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pra i:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7-30 ami I 10:4 ° am 10:25 am
| 8:00 amf QuerneviUe. 7:33 pm
8:30 pml 6:00 pm| s *:2t> ym
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and
B:10 pm( 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm[ 5:00 pm| Sebastopol- I 7:3o pmj 6:20 prn
Stages connect at 8anta Kosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
OeyservlUe for Skagga Springs; at Cioverdalo
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Car!9-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s. Bucknells.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. West-
port, Usal, Wlllits, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at hall rates.
Ticket Office— 650 Market Street. Chronlcla
Building. r
H. C WHITING. • R, X. RYAN.
Pen. Manager. \ Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Daily. Dally.
Lv. Pan Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfield . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City "5:41a 7:S0 a
" Chicago . 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Can through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets aro honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which -cuts out'at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stooping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 ~ Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway,
Oakland. y>
\CHICAGO I
In LESS '* on
THREE DAYS
SM^Franciaco At 10 A. Af. '.
Chicago, Union Pacific.
Line
T"\OiTBLE Draving-^oom SUsfiing
I J Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Library
-*—^ - Cars, with barbtr. Dining Cars—
mtals a la cartt. 'Daily Tourist Car
Serxict and Ptrsonallv Conducted Ex-
cursions roerv week from. San Francisco
at 6 p. rtt. The btsi of everything.
K. It. RITCHIE
617 Market St. General Aaent Pacific QxmI
Palact Hotel BAN FBANClSCO
¦ '¦¦¦¦¦ ; n
Wabash
Tourist Caps
Lv. Chicago..ll a. m., Mondays and Thursdays
Arr. Boston.. ,3:20 p. m.. Tuesdays and Fridays'
-Arr. New York..3:30 p. ra.. Tuesdays & Fridays'
• You can use Santa Ke. Rock Island. Burling-
ton or Union Pacific excursions to connect with
Wabash. Tourist ears. Inquire of your a-ent
! for particulars. . ' "
1 ROSS C.' CLINE, P. C. P. Agt..
- V. Los Angeles, Cal.
C. 8. CRANE, G. P. AtL.~*yZ
•_ . ¦- St. Louis. Mo.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
VU Smojallto Ferry— Foot of Uarket St.
1-45 p" f ' T- " ' W EEK DAYS *""!7 "^ p?m.
4 : 15 F M ) SUJ 0Ter nlsllt " *"• TAVKBX ) 'I'ii F ' U '
9:00a.m. '. , f 1 -15 p" m'
U^O a' J 3:?O *¦ m!
,"^X A-M * I 4:50 p.m.
•2:S0p. M.J &8&m. I 710 p M
'- Furs. s«n Fr&ndua to Summit and Retain $1 49 " * *
I Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.; & Sausalito Ferry.TWO BRIGHT AND TALENTED TOUKG GIRLS WHO TOOK LEADING
PARTS IN AN INTERESTING ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN IN SHER
MAN & CLAX HALL LAST EVENING.
Joseph P. Dolan Appointed.
A dispatch was received yesterday from
Washington announcing the appointment
of Joseph P. Dolan as assistant United
States inspector of boilers at the port of
San Francisco. Mr. Dolan is well versed
in the duties that he will be called upon
to perform." , . ',...,"..
Tho charge of murder against Dora
Fuhrjg. midwife, in connection with the
death of Mrs. Elise Henninger, 624 Fulton
street, was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. The Judge held that the evi
dence failed to disclose that the defend
ant had anything to do with the operation
from the effects of which Mrs. Henninger
Dora Fuhrig Discharged.
Unidentified Drowned^ Man Found.
The body of an unidentified drowned
man was found yesterday morning float
ing in the bay near the old fisherman's
wharf by M. Redmond, who is in charge
of the State dredger at that place. The
body had been in the water not more than
twenty-four hours. It was that of a man
five feet eight inches tall, hair and mus
tache dark and sprinkled with gray, eyes
gray, complexion dark and regular fea
tures and teeth. The clothing was a dark
sack suit, around the coat of which was
a cloth belt, the material of the coat be
ing frieze. The shirt was blue' flannel,
with black necktie, and the underwear
was of gray wool.
Judging from the dress and appearance
the dead man had been a seafarer.
"Cavatina" from "Ernani," (b) "Asleep in the
Deep, Miss Olga Friedman, pupil of William
Forner; recitation (a), "Th« Little Boy Who
Ran Away," (b) medley, "Mary's Lamb."
Crladys Goegrgrel; recitation, "Jerry." Miss Er
llne Piatt; sketch, "Aunt Sophronla Tabor at
the Uproar," Misses Lucile Otto and Mabel
Theler; recitation, "Maclalne's Child," Miss
SfS i H . a ?# er ?? r L mon °l«&ue. "The Window
Curtain. Miss Mabel Theler; Instrumental solo
Eelected. Mrs. Emll Blanckenbergr ; recitation'
Lasca Miss Lurline Swanson; recitation!
Vvnen Katie Got Struck on the Stage," Harry
Taylor; recitation, "The Bad Boy at the Dime
2rh» U J?^ t? 118 *. £ !mee Etten B e r: recitation,
The Red Fan." Miss Rosamond Meherln: vo
cal solo. "Merrily I Roam," Mrs. Emll Blanck
enberg; recitation • "The Sioux Chief's Daugh
ter, Misa Louise Hayes; Spanish lover's dance
Erline Piatt and Harry Taylor, pupils of Pro
fessor Hinman; pantomime. "The Angels of
?i^ a ls -^ a . "Miss Lucy Burke.. Miss Almee
Ettengrer. Miss Hazel Hamberger. Miss Eunice
Janes Miss Genevieve Meherln. Miss Rosamond
Menerin, Miss Lurline Ewanson, Miss Mabel
Theler.
_ ,9 ne of the most attractive numbers was
Miss Lurllne Swanson's rendition of
"Lasca." This beautiful poem, from the
pen of F. Desprez, gave full scope for the
dramatic powers and charming gTace of
Miss Swanson, who Is gifted with un
usual histrionic ability.. Another number
which pleased the audience was the hu
morous recitation, "The Bad Boy at the
Dime Museum." by Miss Aimee Ettenger,
a petite deml-brunette. LJtUe Gladys Cur-
Clay Hall last evening. This was
the second event of the kind given by the
young people, and the programme was
elaborate. The effect of the recitations
was enhanced by the musical accompani
ments, and of calcium lights and the
beautiful costumes.
A FASHIONABLE assemblage at
tended the elocutionary recital
given by the pupils of Carrie
Belle Moulton in Sherman &
taa Goeggel recited a dialect '¦ medley
charmingly and received rounds of ap
plause, together with many beautiful
floral offerings. Special mention may
also be made of Erllne Platt as the news
boy, "Jerry."
The pantomime of Whittier's poem "The
Angels of Buena Vista," by eight young
ladies dressed in Greek gowns, was a fit
ting, climax to the following programme:
Instrumental solo, "Polonaise." Mrs." Kmil
Blanckenberg; sketch. "The Corpse's Hus
band,", Misses Lrurline Swanson and Hazel
Hamberper; recitation, - "Van Bibber's Rock,"
Miss Lucy Burke; recitation. VWhat She Said."
Ruth Taylor; recitation; "Making Him Feel at
Home," Miss Juanita Bunzi; cornet solos— (a)
Bishop S. C. Breyfogel of Reading, Pa,,
will be in this city next Wednesday and
preach In 'the Kmmanuel Evangelical
Church on Twelfth street, near Market.
On Friday he is to preside at tne annual
session o£ tne Caliiorma • Conrerence of
the Kvangencal Association, which con
venes at x'oriervlue, Cal. 1 The Bishop is
a noteti speaKer. Kev. W. H. Altnouse,
pastor of i^miminuei Evangelical Cnurch,
and Kev. Jb 1 . Coruess, pascor of Baiein
Evangelical Churcn of tms city, win rep
resent tiieir respective congregations at
the conlefer.ee.
The Menial Science College will hold its
graduating exerciser in (Jroiden Gate Hall
mis. evening, bpecial music will be ren
dered unaer .the direction or' Mrs. Marn
ner-Camybell.
Kev. ivi. Angell Dougherty, D.D., of
Boston will occupy the pupit of the Third
Congregational cnurc'n. tins morning and
evening. '
¦ Kev. S. D. Hutsinpiller of the Central
M. E. Churcn Win preach this morning on
"The Houso of <Joa ana Gate o£ Heaven,"
and in the evening he will speak on
•'Some Things to Be Proud ol in Our
Midst, and other Things."
Rev. K.- A. Woods or tho First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on "The
Pulpit and tne Pew," and in tne evening
he will discuss '"Thoughts Which Trouble
Us."
Rev. F. S. Ford of the First Christian
Church will preach this morning on "The
Doctrine of God in the Lord's Prayer,"
and in the evening he will preach on "The
Deafness ot the Laboring Classes."
Rev. C. H. Stevens of Denver will ad
dress the meeting tor men at the Young
Men's Christian Association this after
noon. His subject will be "Profit and
Loss." Mrs. Stevens will sing.
The entire membership of the Gentle
men's Sodality of the Immaculate Con
ception of the Blessed Virgin Mary will
assemble at their chapel on Hayes street
and march with their full regalia to St.
Ignatius Church, where they will receive
holy communion in a body. The occasion
will be unusually solemn, as May Is tho
month which is generally devoted by
Catholics to the Blessed Virgin, and as the
sodality is specially dedicated to her Its
interest will be twofold. After mass tho
"Te Deum" will be recited and new mem
bers received on probation, v
Rev. W. K. Guthrie of the First Presby
terian Church will preach afboth services
to-day.
Rev; Bradford Leavitt of the First Uni
tarian Church will preach this morning
on "Signs of Grace." .
The annual thanksgiving services of the
G. U. O. O. F. will bo held this evening
In the A. M. E. Zion Church. Rev. T.
Brown will have charge of the services.
Rev. J. N. Beard of Grace M. E. Church
will preach at both services to-day.
Rev. A. C. Bane of, the California-street
M. E. Church will preach this morning'
on "The Appointed Question," and In the
evening on "Divine Interest in Human-
Itv."
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "Why
Is the House of God Forsaken?" and in
the evening on "Christianity a Religious
Jov."
Rev. W. M., Woodward of the Epworth
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Value of Faith." and in the evening
-on "Faithfulness Rewarded."
Rev. Milton D. Buck of Trinity M. E.
Church will preach this morning on
"Financial Obligation to God," and in the
evening on "Our Influence." . -
Rev.'- John* -Stej>hene~-o*-i Simpson '"'Me-'
morial Church will preach this morning
on "The Macedonian Christians," and in
the evening on "Youth's Golden X)ppor
tunlties." ¦
Rev. A. E. Ulrlch of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"Philip/and the Eunuch," and In the even-
Ing on "The Brazen Serpent."
Rev: John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E. Church will preach this
morning on a theological subiect, and in
the evening there will be special niuslc
and sermon.
• Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian . Church will preach this
morning. A special service will be con
ducted in the evening by Colonel French
Rev. H. ,H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will, preach this
morning on "A Great Backslider," and in
the evening "Isaac" will be the topic of
his sermon.
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach on "A
Pillar in the Heavenly Temnle," and in
the evening on "An Unsatisfied Ambi
tion." - .
Bishop Breyfpgel Coming to
Attend an Important
Conference. . .
Sermons to Be Preached
by the Pastors
To-Day.
PULPIT THEMES
FOR A SABBATH
YOUNG PEOPLE SHINE
AT AN ENTERTAINMENT
Pupils of Carrie v Belle Moulton Give Elocutionary
Recital in Sherman-Clay Hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 12, 1901.
Money Saving.
The shoe trust sale. 717 Market street,
will sell this week ladies' and men's $3 50
Ehoes for $1 £5 a pair. These shoes are
guaranteed to wear. In regard to style,
come around and look for yourself. They
are stylish, made of the very best mate
rial by the leading manufacturers. Every
body is welcome to a pair. Eftber ladies'
or men's $3 50 shoes, vici kid, tan or black,
for $1 85 a pair, at the shoe trust sale of
the Bee Hive Shoe Company, 717 Market.*
"VTben a man proposes to a widow It Is
inerelj? the start to his finish,
¦MMi>J«fiSttdi
Both parties to "the suit of George Da
vidson, C. N. Ellinwood and Andrew S.
Moseley, executors of the estate of Jose
phine L. Sanford, vs. the Savings - and
Loan Society have been ordered. by Judge
Morrow to appear in the United States
Circuit Court on Monday morning and
6how causer If any they have, why an
order should not be made and entered
pursuant to the final decree declaring that
as no redemption has been made the case
will stand dismissed.
The suit had been settled on the basis
of the payment of $217,194 91, gold coin; to
the Savings and Loan Society In satisfac
tion of the principal and Interest flue the
society on its mortgage on the Los Mela
nos rancho, in Contra Costa County, but
the money was not paid, hence the order.
Owners Must Appear Before Judge
Morrow and Explain Why They
Are Delinquent.
LOS MEDANOS BANCHO
STIUD IN LITIGATION
Amy c. Gilliir of Xew York; northeast corner
Of Folscm and Tenth streets, lS5x&5 feet, on
eccnunt of Mrs. J. A. Robinson for $43 000;
27x137:6. on the south line of Geary Etreet.
Ixnwwn Jones and Leavenworth streets on
eccount of Mrs. S. E. Fabian for $12,000. '
Baldwin & Howell have fold the south
fast corner of Third and Brannan streets,
including a partly Improved 50-vara par
cel, for the estate of C. A. Hanley for
. .o.OOO. Improvements will be made on the
I ropr-riy at a cort of $15,000. approxlmate-
Ijr. The present income is $150 per month.
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. have sold for
the Bank of California the Hotel Repelier.
b. four-story building in front and six-
Ftory la the rear, with 130 rooms, and
leasing for $600 per month, and the lot on
the south line of Sutter street, 42:6 feet
oa5t from Jones, €5x137:6 feet. The price
was $78,000.
Thomas Macee & Sons report the fol
lowing- sales:
South line of Fulton Etreet. between Larktn
end Polk, C$:Sxi:o. with two-story frame build
in? on the property, for the Sharon Estate
Coirpany for J27.COO; lot on Ellis street, near
Jones 4?rr-O. 127,000; eS:9xl27:8H. on the south
liTi* of Jackson street, 137:6 feet west from
Pfevisadrro. $7S00; 27:6x137:6, on the north line
of Pine street. 110 feet west from Franklin.
ISM; 2:5x137:6. on the Bouth line of MeAUiBter
strA^t, 127:6 feet east from Webster. $S680; lot
with 2S feet fror.tagre on the west line of
Ijpvisadero, 50 feet south from Union, $1650.
A- J. Rich & Co. have leased the prop
erty at S21 and 933 Market street, the
Gutzkow building, for ten years for $150,
nno for the term to the Wiley B. Allen
Company, dealers in pianos and sheet mu
sic, uho will remove all their interests
from Portland, Or., where they have been
established twenty years.
Easton, Eidridge & Co. will offer on the
pth Inst. thirty-eight lots In the block
bounded by Octavia. Lag^ma, Chestnut
and -Francisco streets, and also other
properties, a catalogue of which is being
prepared.
Offices have been opened by Edwin
Ewell and Leslie A. Wright for a real
«?tate and general brokerage business at
£16 Montgomery street. They are mem
bers of the San Frar.cfsco Oil Exchange
and will sell oil land and oil stocks.
Some of the larger loans of the week
were as follows:
, Mutual Savings Bank to Charles W, Sutro
J15.CC0 on the property on the north line of
Kllis, 27:6 feet east from Jones; Hibernia Sav
ings and Loan Society to Morris and Meyer
Lands, J2C0C0 on the southeast corner of Eddy
ond J>avenworth streets; German Saving's and
lxian Sofirty to Edward G. and Anna B. Den
niston. 112.000 on the northwest corner of
Twenty-firct and Valencia streets.
The releases cf the week represented
comparatively small individual amounts.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co., report the
following sales:
Southwest corner of Valencia and Fourteenth
Ftr^tF. 130x100. for $27.r»00 on account of Mrs.
Tiie last week has -not been character
ized by an unusual number of sales, but
those that have been placed on record
and those that have been reported by the
brokers in realty in that period are suf
ficiently indicative cf values to show the
forward march of the city. Country
prr.prrries are in better demand. Cities
around the bay are also giving evidence.
through their sales of realty and their
1 uildmg operations, of the general situa
tion, which is full of hope. Some of the
larger sales in this city that have been
recorded during the last week are as fol
lows:
Estate of Regina Klein to Antoinette B.
Eteltzaer. northeast corner of Gough and
<;eary. 17:6x137:6. $11,000; S. G. and Helen Mur
rhy in the Merchants' Ice and Cold Storage
Company. 137:6xlS7:C, on the south line of Lom
bard street, 127:6 feet east from Montgomery.
$10,000; Sharon Estate Company to Charles R.
Bishop, 79:6x11 2 :?sll? .6x29:3x33x83:6, on the
eouthoast line of Hc«rard street. 308 feet south
west from Second, $3S,000; estate of I. G. Wick
•rrhim to J. G. Deming, southeast corner of
r.cdy nad Leavenworth, <0x65:4»i, $30,000; John
\V. Pearson et al. to Charles R. Smith, north
west corner of Fulton and Devisadero, 137 :€x
1":€. $12,800.
SmaJ!er sales also Indicate the market
conditions In various sections of the city.
There is a better feeling in regard to
Richmond properties and the movement
south of the park In the Sunset district
continues. Some sales of the smaller class
are also given for the purpose of affording
n. basis of estimating:
Northeast corner Lake street and Fifth ave
rue. 22:6x100. cold by William and Georgiana
Huckl*>r to Henrietta Wiener and Carrie C.
Irapw, $2'KX>: northwest corner of Vallelo and
Pteiner, 27:6x110, cold bjr the estate of Joseph
M. Wood to U Eugene Le<». K500; 27x94, on the
wost line of Valencia, 239:10*4 north from
Twer.ty-thirJ street, 13500; 137:6x27:6. on the
south line of Jackson street 82:6 east from
Jxirkin. sold by Sarah and John J. Byron to
Frank <~ames, J5000; l?:Sx£6, on the west -line
of l>?avenworth. 100 feet eouth from Sacra
mento nreet. sold by Annie T. Dunphy to
Elizabeth Cook. JS300. |
"Work of the Brokers.
The prices that are being obtained by
owners of eligible properties for their
holdings furnish the surest indication that
can be afforded concerning the condition
of the realty market. While there are
weeks in -which there are comparatively
few sales that fact has no material bear
ing upon values. When the buyers are in
the field and business is on the Increase,
such being the case In San Francisco, the
future is more promising than even the
present and there is more discrimination
used by purchasers. A look at the daily
records of sales in The Call is sufficient
to convince any observer that there ia a
move In nearly all sections of the city.
The expansion of older districts, notably
in the wholesale and manufacturing and
warehousing section, is only an indication
of still further expansion. Judicious in
vestors count upon the future as adding
to their assets and they are warranted in ;
this by all indications perceivable. Con- !
sequently they will scan the field and a.^e !
carefully considering it with a view j
toward making the best possible purchase
for the future as well as for the pres
ent. In certain large areas, where there
i? little chance to go much astray in es
timating present earning capacity,
there is an element of future appreciu
tloa that is keeping- the seller and the
buyer in a calculating mood and they do
not come together in haste.
Representative Sales.
Careful Buyers Estimating
Time as an Element in
Increase.
Transactions Take in All
Sections of the :
City.
REALTY MARKET
IN FINE SHAPE
31
If you want to
know where to
go this Summer
Whether to a mineral spring resort,
¦where you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal "waters, or to a farm, where you
. can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which you can, in a short
. walk or drive, commune with nature In
her valleys, foothills and mountain
canyons, or to' a camp along the bank
of Gome shady stream,
Call or write for .. N
"VACATION 1901"
This is a little book just Issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts In Marin, Sonoma, Mendo-
cino and Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week.
¦ Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING. General Manager.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3% Hcurs" Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.''
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society -Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
.For full information, hotel rates, .unique ar-.
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent.
.10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO.,
222 South Spring St., L03 Angeles. Cal.
AND COTTAGES. ,
SAUSALITO. Only SO minutes from the city;
most beautiful location and marine view: an
unexcelled summer and winter resort; table
and -service of the best. .;
W. G. GRAHAM.
' Late of . Hotel Mateo. Manager.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. "Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 46 miles via C. *N. Ry.
Dr S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try It Round
trip. $1 10. Telephone. Rates, • $12 and $14.
:OOPKR & SHEDDEN.* Agua Callente. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
Dnd boats. ¦ Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
~Z\i hourB' ride from S. F. ; 5 miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M.MADRID. ValleJo.Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS-FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 5C-; open the year round.
Send for circulars.
J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
W TOCALOWA." M^ N
Bertrand Hotel; first-class .accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin In-
formation Bureau, 233 Kearny st.. S. F.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
FIrst-plass family \ resort; climate unsur-
passed; most beautiful spot in Santa Clara
County; great rftlief for 'people with asthma;
65 miles from S. F. ; fare $165; free .'bus.
JOHN NEVILL, proprietor, Los Gatos.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland; .best medicinal
waters in the State;, fine hotel and first-cla3s
table: rates $10 and $12 ; .housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland. Mendocino Co.. Cal.
Ujider entire new- management .and owner- -
ship. Family Resort in the Napa Redwoods.
Exhilarating air: hunting, fishing, swimming
and boating; terms reasonable; send for circu-
lars. THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Propri-
etor, Oakvilie, Napa County. . "
riMD T A VI AD Cottages, camping, fishing,
wAWII lAILUa amusements.' Ideal - place
tor ¦ summer IS outing; I 29 miles from j S. F. :
among the redwoods. *H. -G. MARTIN, propr.
\ HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of -Clear Lake; home cooking;
$7 per week and \ upwards. F. and A. M.
SCALES, Lakeport, Lake County, Cal. ..; -.
THE OAKS.
ON BRANCIFORTE DRIVE— 50 minutes to
beach; mail daily by carrier; private board-
Ing. Partlclars Mrs. Czarina. Smith, Sta. Cruz.
HO IFOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C. C. Foss' Stage ; Line j from - Callstoga.
The scenic route. Livery In connection. C. C.
FOSS, Proprietor, Calistogra, Cal. ;
VICHY SPRINGS, .
The only place in tlie United States - where
Vichy ¦ Water is abundant. The • only ¦ natural
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
„-;•' Proprietors.
JI/tOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH, near Santa ,
IT 1 Cruz, ' In ¦ heart of the mountains: , among;
the redwoods; first-class accom: ; very reason-
able terms; telephone, swimming: tank, croquet
and amusements:: daily mail; new-improve-
ments; our well-known table is our recommen-
dation. Round trip campers to GIenwoo(J,> IncL
stage. . $3 7B. • Frank R. » Dann, Santa Cruz.
PrLANTATldN HOUSE— Eighteen mllesTfrom
t Cazadero, , on stage line. ¦ Good trout fishing,'
plenty ' fruit, cream, ; milk; "free conveyance for
parties of ; 2 . or more : ( grand redwood scenery.
Address J.* Luttringer, ; Seaview,; Sonoma Co.,* or
apply Mr. 'Kruse,, 207 Front St., for particulars.'
GAMPREVERIE,
- —IN THE— Y\
1 RUSSIAN RIVErV REDWOODS.
"In AH California
No Place Like This."
i An Outing
On'^New Plan,
On June 3, this year, CAMP REVERIE will
be opened in a redwoxl grove on th« Guerne-
ville branch of, the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
Handsome booklets with full details have been
left in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room SI. Flood building. San
Francisco. Office hours 12 to 4 p. m., Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto, . 1400 feet up in the coast range,
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fog: and winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature: seven miles stage from
Soledad; hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub arid plunge; special bathhouses for ladies;
massage treatment; cement swimming tank,
30x60; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel; cottages and grounds illuminated by gaa;
telephone and P. O. ; round-trip ticket $8. C.
T. ROMIE. prop. ; J. O. VAL.PE Y, manager.
•...NAPA... NapaCDiroty,
I SODA SPRINGS
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL. OF. ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street. 7 a.m. and 4 p. m.
For further information address •
\ •• „ .A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
CAZADERO |«
miles northwest of San Francisco. Hotels, cot-
tages " apd camp grounds offer r accommoda-
tions to suit all. Everything needed by camp-
ers supplied at reasonable prices. Fine trout
fishing, beautiful scenery, drives, bathing. An
ideal resort. Elim Grove Hotel, under same
management, on the banks of Austin Creek,
a mile from Cazadero; a -most picturesque
spot. For particulars write The Cazadero Co..
Cazadero, Cal. City office 749 Market st.
For the/ complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
8 11 druggists. ! '.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging '2V5 hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day. arriving at Yosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Pendfor illustrated folder. "WM. J. "WHITE.
Gen'l Agent, 630 Market St., opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 8571.
SKAGQS HOT SPRINGS ?^VS
from San Francisco; but 9 miles' staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural hath in State; swimming and Doating;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tlb-
uron ferry lit 7:30 a. m. or 3:3') p. m. Terms.
$2 a day or $12 a week. References— Any guest
of the past fix years. For further lnforma-
toln address J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs, Cal.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusement; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week.. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
91S Laikin St., S. F. DRURY & KROEGEK.
' wora^ 111 ™* 1 " THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
Hfk!TT'^ Beautiful' Grounds at Hoitt's
nc»i 1 1 «5 School will be'epen to summer
ftlENLO ruests during June and July.
1 Superior climate, excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-'
_ _____¦ dress IRA G. HOITT.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
5. miles from station; beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery: good hunting, fishln? In moun-
tain streams: short distance from Geysers;
dally mail: $7 per week. Further particulars
address p. H. BLACK. Geyserville. Sonoma Co. .
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. Will hereafter be open tha
year round. ¦ Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive . s pecall attention. For rates and par-
ticulars address HOTEL SI-UNT VIEW. Ross
Valley. Marin Co. Cal. '
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON. l& NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcs or campers. Further information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON. Excursion Pass.
Agent S. P. Co.. 613 Market street. - :r
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME.
AMID THE MOUNTAINS • OF. MENDO-
cino. -\islt -this quiet little Vesort for
Folid comfort. For particulars apply to 8.
8TRATTON, 3 Eighth street. City.
v THE GEYSERS, s-™*
OXI3 OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATC-
ral Fteam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
Inp and livery. Write for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER, manager. :: .
WII I AW DANfH former proprietor W.
TrlLLUiT BAnUIl Crandell— A summer home
in the redwoods, 6 miles from Santa Cruz;
running .water.: swimming;, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for itself.
For particulars. TULEY & ILir" v \ Santa Crua.
CLEKBROOK. '
; Just the place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game.- Table
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only $3 & $10. Infor-
mation at . Traveler office; JO Montgomery st..
or address O. W." R. , TREDWAY. Proprietor,
Glenbrook. Lake County, Cal. '-* - r--
TOTE COTTAGES
Altitude 2000 feet. - Write for circulars: MRS.
J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwin P. O., CaL '
HIGHLAND-
SPRINGS.
Only Three Houps* Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful pise*
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10. $12. $14.
$15 and $1S per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery st., and see photographs oj
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure la
writing full particulars. Address CRAIQ &
WARNER.
OR. C C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 4<
miles from S. F.' The S. P. R. R. and 8. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
20 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. O-DONNELL, office 1021H Market, bet.
«tb. and 7th. S.. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
Nothing so good as good
. . health— no place so full of It as
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
J. Martens, prop.. Bachelor.
Lake County. Cal.
City office. 416 Pine st. Booklet.
' WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
'Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., 26 miles by
sta Re west of Williams: fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperatura 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury rn system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
Including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor.
It is never too late to enjoy good health and
pleasure at the cozy
Saratoga Springs.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O., Lake)
County; City Office. 416 Pine street.
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air.
$3 per wk. H. B. LAWLEY. Callstoga. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleas-
ure, fishing, hunting and swimming; good,
table; guests at home; never fall to come back
again: send for souvenir. VIC PONCELET.
Llagas.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
*1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, lessee. ,
LAKE COUNTY.— New 13-passenger Yosemlto
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin, Seigler, Adams, Howard. Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy round- trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga;
also to Middletown, Lower Lake. Kelseyvilte 1
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS opens May 13.
Springs remodeled; new cottages, dance hall,
laundry, piano, billiard and pool tables, cro-
quet and other games. Terms, $7 per week.
Round trip ticket from city by steamer Point
Arena. $7. New management. DR. W. A.
McCORMICK.
OWN a home in beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker, $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free;
sawmill, depot, stars, postoffice at camp:
board and lodging; $6; take j-'ausallto ferry, $3
round-trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H.
M. GREGSON, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
"THE GROVE." Lake Tahoe, CaL, % mile east
' of Tallac. Board and lodging per week, $9.
By the day. $2. Meals, 50c. Good saddle
horses and the best of livery. Boats free to
all guests. PARMETER & COPLAND, I»rs-
prletors.
BROOKSIDE— At head ot/Napa Valley. Free
carriage, hot and cold water, gas. baths,
springs, rooms and beard unsurpassed. Writa
for pamphlet. G. W. CUTLER. Callstoga, CaL
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL— Accommodations
for few guests: mountain scenery, pure air;
$7 per week. F. McNULTY. Callstoga. Cal.
LAGUNA FARM— 1% miles from Mt. Olivet
station; boating, fishing, bathing; $& per week.
MRS. R. BALLARD, Mt Olivet. Sonoma Co.
GILROY FASHION STABLES— Also stage line
to hot springs; first-class turnouts. MAYOCK
& HOOPER, proprietors.
Moet& H
The largest and oldest Champagna
House in the world.
| White Seal (Grande CuveeY of ex-
ceptioiial bouquet and dryness. — Court
Tourndl.
WILLIAM WOLFF ft CD.. Paoifie Coist Agents,
329 Market ft . 8 an frtneiiea.
WEEKLLCALL
o/ It Publish*.-.* the Cream of tn»
News or the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE' AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
cJ PAPER ON THB
n PACIFIC COAST l£
3 -It 5. Best \ /Mining
*J 7 ;fegraphic \V News That
=K jervice on y\ • Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to dato
c4 Not a Line of it Sensational
o< or Faky, and Not a Line'of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean. A Champloa •!
_1 Thoughtful. • Truth.
<J A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPtl
3 IT ADVOCATES I SENT BT
HOME - - "MAIL, SI
Sy INDUSTRIES , j • YEAB.
How the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Instantly Relieved.
Startling Record of Gran=Solvent.
Disso!ves Stricture like snow beneath the sun, reduces ENLARGED o -*» b-v *
PROSTATE, contracts and strengthens the Seminal Ducts. 4 4t I Gv ii //tn
forever stopping DRAINS AND EMISSIONS HI B vJ \3 Cl\^*3
No Drugs to Ruin the Stomach, but a Direct, Local and Positive Application to the Entire Urethra! Tract.
GRAN-SOLVENT IS NOT A LIOUID/ '' •» P^Parcd In the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flexl-
v - We » and so narrow as to pass the. closest Stricture.
fj^PAJl% a n^A4J!fnr% ?r#rr%%lff£^'VZ i 2* I ,'!!rJg%? 1 , e $5?j5£S5S5!'.7 tonic ?GMti£fc or both in combination. THEY ARS
xlir£tr.*n,?*iZ . Kii,¥r-ty.£ S s TO SU f T T L H^ t ATlEN T S . CONDITION, are inserted into the urethrat canal upon retiring at night,
snejnto position without the slightest effort, repitnng three hours to dissolve, are wholly soluable and act like a mild electric current, invigorating and
—-**^nj' vim and snai to the entire bods.^* The curative effect ts felt from tL> & r u nj,Mi c< ,fo n . ¦ ¦ \
The Cireat Virtue in- the Method of Application.
j^^^S^7 r- S ! ,^ <llr p ct nnd posltlvfi action. No vilo. drastic drugs to ruin the stomach and digestive system. The
fe^^7 ~<^i\ f_ rayons are Inserted upon retiring at night, dissolving by tlie heat and secretions of tho body In three
nTp&r . rjl hours which is sufficient time to penetrate and dissolve Stricture dislodplni' th.-
•K ' granular mass root and branch, together with the false membrane upon which It /~~2&
DRAINS AND LOSSES. wl?
V&fmX&L. TEElf da h 8 <5 ~ yOU 8leep< wlthout P a!n or Inconvenience. In FIF- J'.* ft -ijJJ
_ Th ,! alterative and antlsentic action of "Gran- Solvent" as- L**^&
lilllii lliliiiPl» "B^ i Lffss82& s c ° cci ami th ° Berms that intest ># 1 r\
RHSaSgSaSap \^Sat^^^'M^*iM During the past year thousands of weak, strictured. wasting / . '
' HaMHSwBff^V^^**?^?.*M^K^o7 wreckB were cured— a vast army born apaln to beg-In life anew * ' ' " fi . - ;..•
WSS^^ESb^^^^^^^^^^ wlth lresh visor ' fuU cf strength and the consciousness oT re- ' f ni - ! 'r=a^
ll»«riiim)fif3W&ilii H -^^Sr stored manhood. Under the Influence of this sovereign solvent %&?"'
r^pfiW@|| ¦ .stricture . Tnr*T"i]r7!i
fr^yt^^^^Mll^ifffiiS , From im f immemorI al cutting and dilatln* have filled up the brutal, fruit- W. ' • I i ' " J J ,
KsKEr! IlwI alfflBiaSm ien L record ot tr l at i nen U. n strict "re, and yet there has never been one cure by IVl fl %>¦•,., .,v*l^ •k'.*'i'
RJ&f I 335 6U , ch cavase methods. The eagerness with which medical men are applying for )' • Vtf » • ~C f ,' <.-'
RaS%3^ta\\vi\u\\y 't "¦*••/, this solvent Is an open confession of their error In the nast OVER 8i» IP*n ,'"!i : *»V II, * •»/''>'
fe^W^VVVWW •"•^? 1N i } PHYSICIANS in the United States and Canada haA abaidoned the TknlJe' t f v '* •' 'LlV.* .°fi tf\>'
P^^TOSBj^iltgr^ jire employing Gran-Solvent in their practice, as a humane and unfall- | . •• 'i'^^s\' -*; /"^
VARICOCELE ... : • l l^^i% *'' i W-Wr^"c'wt?^ ¦
There lg no quesUon that you feel like you Varlcocele Is an - accumulation - of sluggish blood In the '^'JN^iflifflRiiSii^aJ^ii'VjS!
look; de^Dondent. weak, nervoua and despair- veins of the scrotum, due solely to imperffct circulation and
inp. sleep Is disturbed with unpleasant has It3 origin in a diseased and torpid Prostate Gland oT, tf&i <^*/,%?£>^^5r.*V»^
dream?, and you awake tired, and with your Nations in this disease ara only temporary, and ho mechanl- S^£^W'^^l'^K^ r fSJ S^'i*&J
mind filled with evil foreboding. You know cal device yet discovered has cured a single case Gran-Pol v-
you are eemlnally weak; you also know from ent heals the Prostate ¦ and restores healthy circulation " '
worse than they found you ' ¦'.'** on ine "fl™** nvjnu
mhw .,« w ~. • HftMFTRFATMFMT BYMAILCANBE USED by the PATIENT
NOW LISTEN ! I HJf [VI L I i\L/\ I IVl L\\ I! AS : SUCC3SSFULLY AS BY OURSELVES
Not «n« drop tf internal medicine that yea erer did Space will not permit a complete description of the Incomparable St. m — — ¦ to ma<
•r wfll pnt Int» your itomuh wUl cure yon. Why? f ame » t re^tm^i In Urethral Diseases. Every sufferer from Stricture. . B^ HB'i^ B
* nU . V y« i i. not in y.« ,t.m*k « llrlr, Z fc JSF&J5S& t U U L
rridneyi, but In th. nrethril canal. It ii a looal tor their illustrated woik showing the par£s of the -human eysteminl 111 T T
diicaie, and as inch reqoirei local treatment. volved In Urethral Aliments, .which they Bend to male ' applicants.' B 11 1— ' ¦ '
Th. Bt Jan« method ii direct, poiitir. and Becurel y wrapped in plain package, prepaid. ;~ _ .™ -.. , % M . ¦ » fc ¦¦
nafiUlnj. ; . ; CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION FREE. *'V- (
ST. JAMES ASSQGUTION, mS^X!'
; .'¦-.'..-.¦•¦'¦ - - ' . • •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 12, • 19O1.
32
£A> FRA\CISCO CALL.
' FUSI.VESS OFFICE of The Pan Francisco
r s ll. cfner 'cf' Market and.Thlrd streets: open
until 12 o'clock. every nisht !n the year.
BKANCH OFFICES— 527 Montzomery street.
rcrwr Clsy; open until 9:30 p. m.
*00 Hayes street: open until S:SO p. m.
C33 McAllister street: open until 9:30 it. m.
.'IS L:.rkin- street: open until 9:30 p. m.
iru TvTissicn etreet; open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until fr<i. m.
J'C riivcnth Ftreet: opes until 9 p. m.
KSG Valencia street: open.tratl 9 p. m.
N'crt!;wc£t ccrner Twenty-pcccnd and Ken-
wrky streets: open until 9 p. m.
CHPRCH SERVICES.
TRINITY ChurdC corner Bush and Gough sts.
— Rev Frederick W. Clamj>ett, rector. Holy
communion. S a. m.. 11 a. m. Morning ser-
vice. 11 o'clock. Evening prayer. 4 o clock.
Friday service, 11 a. m., for army and navy.
The it-otor will preach.
FTHST CongrepRtional Church, corner Post and
Mason fi>.— Rev. George C. Adartis, D. D..
T.ast-M- win 1 .reach at both cervices. At II
a m. th..me. "A Pillar in the Heavenly
Tc-rr.;!c": Bl 7:4") p. m.. "An Unsatisfied Am-
tiittca.*' ' All are cordially invited.
UXITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
r.carv anil Franklin Fts.— Rev. Bradford
Leavitt mit.ister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minister
emeritus: Charles A. Murdock. superintend-
ent of Sunday school. The Sunday school Is
ct 1« o'clock. The morning service is at 11
o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leavitt will preach: sub-
iec-t. --Signs of Grace." Music by quartet
choir. All are cordially Invited. There is no
evening service. -
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner CarP
and Twentieth sts.— Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore,
minister: residence S25 Capp st. Sunday
¦school st ?:45 o'clock. Horning theme, "Ad-
versity's Advantage"; evening theme, "A
Text Frcm Mark Twain." Literary circle
Tuesday evening.
CALVARY and St. John's Presbyterian
churches worship together at corner of Cali-
fornia and Octavia sts. Services 11 a." m.
Rr.d,7:4. : . p. m. Rev. George G. Eldridge will
preach. Sabbath school and Mr. Johnston's
j;ibl<? class. 12:30. Christian Endeavor. 6:30
p. m. Wednesday evening Ben-ice. S o'clock.
All sre cordially Invited.
SEVENTH Vsy Adventist Church. 914 Laguna
st.. between McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
¦ — Prtachine this evening at 7:30 o'clock by the
pastor Dicer J. O. Corliss: subject. "The
• Lust Kfurs of Probation; How Will They
Affect U*T' A cordial Invitation is extended
to all. jurats free^j
FIRPT Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
Hn-'k. n:> Sutter rt.. between Kearnj- st. and
CJrant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a -m. • subject, "Mortals and Immortals."
Sunday ccbool for children at the fame hour.
VTcdneeday ovenins meeting at $ o'clock.
Tree rf adinp-room, 2ft6 Kearny St., room 510.
_«.!l are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ,
Druid?" Tcrnple. Folsom and Fourteenth sts.—
Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. It is cx-
j.^cfd that T. W. Williams will preach at
ihp :nornine hour and C. B. Crumley in the
evenine. The public are invited. This church
claims d:\ir.e authority by angelic adminis-,
f traf.on. All welcome.
PROF KXOX'S mental science class— Gradua-
ticn 'ox«>rcises of the Mental Science College
of Seattle WaEh.; will take place in Golden
Oato Hall. <£"> Putter St.. at S p. m. sharp-
This will be the closing up of the present
work cf Trnf. Knox in th!s city. Public cor-
d'jUly lolrtcd. S?ats free. Collection will be
. ir.ade to meet exjvnEes^
TfirORiPHICAL Society— Public -lecture In
Od<l Fellows' building to-night at S o'clock
by Mr. W. J. Walters; subject. "What Is
T ru <? Greatness?"
JICETWGS Sl'\DAY.
A— MHS. J. J. WHITNEY; grand test meeting.
S o'clock; corr.e early: questions answered;
1K4 O'Farrell. bet. Franklin and Gough; Ellis
st. oS-r; admission 10c.
Sittings daily for advice in business, spirit-
ual r.iresages and diagnosing disease, fl;
evenings by engagement; tel. Hyde 246L
AA— DR. J. A. KERGAX, by request, will
rcptat his lecture en "The Human Kidneys"
th!-s evening at Crystal Hal!. Pythian Castle,
KM Market st.. to be followed by magnificent
views of a trip Across the Continent. Those
tittr-r.-iinR. tr.zy procure free tickets to the
X-ray exhibition at the Sanitarium next Tues-
. day "evening. Seats free. No collection.
JItHE J. F. T. Bible Spiritual Church {for-
merly r:r. Kines) holds test meetings. 909
Markit Ft.: 11. free; 2:30, 8 p. m.. 10c; phys-
ical manifestation by J. L. 1 Kotter, Mrs. See-
lfy-WI'.pon, oihers.
JIEI'ICAL hj-pnr.tism taught privately or in
¦clafses to rjualined students of both sexes.
14} Fo'.vell st., rooms 3, 4 and 5.
ADDKrSS, Goldsn Gate Hall, Sutter St., to-
. «iDi'. 2 p. m.: subject, "Heaven Here," by
K. PL McKenley.
KATIH EEUSSMAXX, removed to 136 West
• SDtelpn. r.car 12th; circle to-night, 25c; sit-
tings .<iai)y..
'IRS.' D. M. COLBY, 104-1^ Valencia St., phone
OTnr^ii 6S0; sittings daily; circles Tuesday
MRS. EBERHAKDTS convincing test meet-
¦.ir.g t<- -night. 2250 Twenty-second St.; skep-
tics Invited.
ALL receive tests to-night. 10c; readings. 50c.
ft; rp.rit photos. ARNOLD DICKSOX. 14S
Sixth Ft.
JOHN ELVTEU. grand test seance to-night.
£:i:., Scottisn Hall, 107 Larkin St. Admis-
sion Oc
SIMIT. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-n!?.l)t. C05 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
Km. GiUinfrham. spiritual meeting, S p. m., 10c;
It.t.s quest. SC5 Larkin, cor. McAllister.
circles that convince; Sun-
Cay ai!<l Tuesday; Fittings daily. 278 Ninth.
\Y. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
r£5£t except Sat.; We. 148 Sixth St., 2d floor.
MltS. WEBMOCTH. 416 Golden Gate ave.— Clr-
c)cr Sun.. Men.. Fri.. So. m. ; Wed.. 2:30; 25c.
ilTS EVANsTT20~Sixth. r. 1G; circle to-night.
*. l"c: also to-morrcw eve.; readings daily.
TEST meeting to-night, free. 117 Larkin: lower
.ha 1 :: S rt. RL Mrs. Maxwell. Mott. others.
EDWARD EARLEVS seance to-nSght. 622 Geary
s-t.: testa, messages; questions answered.
0. V. FILLER'S materializing seanc? to-night,
8 o'clock. SOe. ICSf Hush St.
KKETFXCS I'nivrrsal Brotherhood.
rr.'IVEKSAL Brotherhood and Thecsophlcal
So-Jety < non-political and non-sectarian) —
Public meeting firrt Sunday in month; meet-
!tst to-night for members only: to-morrow
'-.-onirf. S o'clock, Greek symposium. "Wis-
A<-m .,f Hyt>atia." in 2 acts, at U. B. Hall.
810 O'Farrell St. ¦ .
MEKTIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodfe No. 1. I. O.
O. F. — Initiation MONDAY
BVEMNO. May 13. 1901. Visit-
ing brothers cordially invited. ' ""¦
O. W. DOHLSON. N. G.
¦TTrK' Tirotherhood of Teamsters will ysTTSv
b. Id its first annual picnic on SAT- jf&g5l
. URDAY. May IS. at Sehuetzen Park. €3(^9(3
Members are requested to meet at VTrry
TcutCmta Hall at 7:30 a. m. and Vitv'
march in a bedv to the ferry.
£_ JOHN MCLAUGHLIN, Secretary.
THIRTY-FIFTH Grand annual ea-.h- . o^
f-imj; ar.d Games of the Caledonian t»uj
¦ < tub of San Francisco at Shell wvT x"£
:.:. und Park. Hav 20. * *t?*&
• • A. M. MACPHERSOX, Chief.
JAMrS It. Dl'NCAN. Secretary.
TAKE notice of change of meeting hall.— The
Packer**. Porters' and Warehousemen's Union
No. FS£5 will hol.i its next regular meeting in
Tfrr.;.le Hall, 137 Turk «.. WEDNESDAY,
May 1.".. 1BC1. S p. m. Special election of of fl-
eers and other very Important business will
ccme rp for (iifctiFsIon.
J. E. O'NEILL. First Vice President.
W. T. DAVENPORT. Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
. chived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Charles Lilly and \V. E. Emery.
"in »he Avalanche mine, near Valllclta. Cal-
averss County, to deposit tailings in Grape-
vire Gulch: ar.d from W. J. Cox and F. E.
Kwsy. In the Taylor diKglnps. near Taylors-
ville. Plumas County, to deposit tailings in
HSnehrian Creek. Rives notice that a meet-
ing «rt'| be held at room S9. Flood building,
fan Francisco, Cal., on May 27, 1901, at
v l:?ft p'. m.
AVNt'AL rr.eetlnp— The regular annual meet-
tvg nf the stockholders of the Hutchlnson
¦'-FrcBr Plantation Companv will he held *t
ih« office of the comracy. 317 Market Ft Pan
Fr*nri*eo. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 14th day
rf M»y. 15C1. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing n board of dl-
»*<~t<-rs to serve for the ensuing year and th?
t-nr«actlon cf such other business as may
". rrir* bofore the meeting. Transfer books
will clcse en Frldnv. M«y 3. 1301. at 3 o'clock
p. t». E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
' ASPHALTL'51 ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re.
«.r-i'.r<a: postal. I3S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1C07.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
tuo fe* without fcuccess; collections. G. XV.
HOWE, atty at law. S59 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery Bt.. S. F.
ADVICE frep; r;o charges unless successful. XV.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason;
L S. CLARK. Emma Snreckc!* bldjr.. 5^7 Mar-
ket et.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
y ADOPTION'. lr
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
bles. MRS. DR. FUN'KE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
AGEXTS WA.VTED.
FOR good agents and salesmen put your ad-
vertiserr.ent in The Winner, St. Louts, Mo.:
a mail order monthly: you will secu/e the
beft hustlers In the country; j'IO.OOO- copies
each issue go to small cities and towns not
covered by dallies; rate lier line, SI 73. less
5 per' cent for cash; try It once and watch
results.
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair: will
not irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
skin: personal demonstrations free; - agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., agcy., 426 Ellis.
MAX or woman wanted to employ and superin-
i tend agents; $1S weekly salary and expenses:
permanent position. ZIEGLER CO., 520
i Monon building. Chicago, 111.
'• AGENTS— Do you want 'something more proflt-
1 able and easier to sell than books or insur-
I ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
! AGENTS to sell new process window washer:
• -water tank, sponge and rubber dryer com-
; bined. KIEFER BROS., Cleveland. O. .
j 1 CAN" give steady employment to a few active
men and women; good pay. Apply to JAMES
I Y. BEVERIDGE. Fresno. Cal.
! ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
j impositions American Exploration Co., 1413
I Call building. j '
i SIX lively agents for a good paying business.
I Address box 4K3. -Call office.
I AGENTS wanted; ladle* or gentlemen. Apply
j 143 Stockton St.. room 17.
ASTROLOGY.
SCIENTIFIC teacher of astrology and palmls-
! try: horoscopes, EOc and $1. MRS. DR.
I SMITH. 1004 Market ef . room 12.
I : BATH CABINETS.
j BATH CABINETS; ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
I fection and others. Agency. 426 Ellis St.. S. F.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
FREE of charge: healthy country home; or-
phans, halt-orphans, abandoned children. Box
4170. Call office.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
i care: sunny yard; near school; $10 up. 1607
j California st.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 chil-
dren to board; good care. 3218 Sixteenth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
! $1200— STEAM laundry; long established and do-
i ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. Kearny st.
jgoO DOWNTOWN saloon; no nisht or Sunday
i work- daily reeei:>ls $10 to $12; rent U- 50.
, HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30'Kearny st.
''¦ $1*00— GROCERY, fruit and produce store doing
: a business of *45 per day: lull value In sight.
1 HORN. SOLOMON" & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
: FAKE business prcr-ositions not listed by
! HORN. SOLOMON & CO.
! $500 — CANDY store and icecream parlors, pay-
| ing over $100 per month prolit; fixtures alone
cost more than price as-ked: this is a genuine
bargain and it will pay to investigate. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $H0O
or owner will self half-interest to-sood busi-
ness man for JSOO: will Guarantee T1S0 to $300
per month HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st. '
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny St.; telephone Main 1604.
$4000— FINE established grocery corner; store
arid five rooms; nearly new; street complete;
best location in all Oakland; sacrificed on ac-
count of ill-health of owner; part cash:
GEO. XV. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
$400— GOOD little corner grocery.
$750— Barber shop, five chairs.
$750-»-Delicatessen store, fine business.
$1000— Candy store, old established.
$1500— Select private rooming house.
¦ $2500 — Private room and boarding.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
- .:: •• « • 1008 Broadway. ' Oakland.
SOUND investments for capitalists.
Hotels for sale.
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug stores.
Fifty good farms for sale; some for ex-
change.
Business property paying 6 per cent net on
I investment.
Colony property from 10 to 20 acres.
1 Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
See E. E- BUNCE for all bargains. . 952
! Broadway, Oakland. '
: A— CANDY stcre in Western AdfUtion $350
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition. 500
Saloon in bueines district 4500
Saloon near beach $4C0; saloon and lodg-
ing house •• SCO
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market Et. 2000
Merchandise business in good town 12C0
Corner grocery and bar, from $400 up to.. 40CO
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses, ;
delicacy Etores, In all parts of city, from $150
up. *£ITEL & CO.. 1032 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT near Kearny st.: daily sales
$20; feeds 100 men at noon; price $300
Saloon near Hall of Justice; $600; rent $30;
fine fixtures; dally sales average $15
Country hotels; $2000 to $10,000; good locations;
with or without bars; some on installments.
All good-paying propositions.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., by Call bldg.
AAA — 100 CIGAR htands, 200 groceries and bars,
200 candy and icecream stores, 500 restau-
rants, 900 stores of all kinds; partners wanted'.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
to buy a business call- and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
FOR private sale — Some of best saloons In city.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 83S Market st.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants bakeries, candies, cigars, notions,
i drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mkt.
RANCHES— Fruit ranches, dairy tanches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
; and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market.
1 S5G00 — CASH grocery doing annual business of
i $55,000 to $60,CC0. which can be increased by
soliciting: a positive bargain; no bonus asked,
and no old stock: all fresh and salable; must
sell. Particulars with ALDEN CO., HIS
Broadway, Oakland. ¦
' GENERAL merchandise business for sale at
! a sacrifice; located In one of the most rapid-
; ly growing towns In Santa Cruz County;
well selected stock In good order; sales last
yearyover $22,000. and Increasing; owner in
poor health; must sell. Call or address C.
j J. LUTGEN. with J. A. Folger & Co.. 10S
I California Bt.
I FINE Alaska proposition; I have unusual fa-
cilities for locating rich placer deposits;'
¦u-anted, a partner with cash to. go .with me;
I a fortune assured. Box 4142, Call office.
CONFECTIONERY and school supplies, sta-
tionery and -notion store; branch bakery; two
doors from school; $275. 150S Golden Gate ave.
IF you have $150 and want to double or treble
it next week In losltimate business and han-
j die money yourself, call 301 Examiner bldg.
TO let— 725 Valencia st. ; for 30 years occupied
as wood and coal yard; just vacated; rent
I cheap. Owner.' 2405 Howard st.
PARTNER with capital In merchant
tailoring business; present owner a cutter and
tailor: Box 4144, Call office.
WORKING partner with some capital wanttd
on poultry farm. Address G. C. GALLA-
GHER. Napa. Cal.
FOR office work to handle cash as partner; $60
1 cash required. 872 Broadway, Oakland Emp.
Office. .
$40 WILL buy good business clearing $4 per
! day; owner must sell. Box 4133, Call office.
GOOD corner for sale cheap. 1618 Church st.
ROADHOUSE. Fitchburg. Alameda. Cal. ; want
offer for 3 days; leaving. FOX, 978 Howard.
j $75— FOR sale; grocery and bar. 30 Gilbert st.
! FOR sale— Butcher -shep: must go at once; no
reasonable offer refused. Box 4162, Call.
RESTAURANT; pood location ; suitable for
man and wife; cheap. 610 Stanyan st.
BIG paying grocery; best location in Oak-
land. Room 24, 214 Pine St., 8. F. '
FOR sale— Small restaurant; cheap; 4 living
rooms. Box 4169, Call office.,
ARE you looking for a laundry route? Ad-
dress box 4137, Call office. *
FOR sale — A good harness and shoe repairing
! shop; a good living for an Industrious man
j for a little money. For Information Inquire
! at r.22 East Fifteenth st.. East Oakland; no
letters answered;. other business cause of sale.
FOR sale— A first-class dairy produce and deli-
cacies Ftore, with, branch bakery. In good
location: doing, a very good business ; low
rent; proprietor going to Europe. Box 2606,
Call office. '
A — FOR Kale — A small tailor shop; good loca-
tion; doing good business. Inquire at 1220
Webster, bet. 9 a. m.-and 1 p. m.
FOR sale— A well established machine shop,
doing a good business; .reasons for selling
owner leaving city; price $3000. Box 4123, Call.
TAILORING business; established 7 years: at
a bargain. Apply 1347 Park St.. Alameda.
WANTED— A young man. a hustler, with $500,
for an Interest In a gilt-edge business propo-
sition: steady work; good Income. Box 3074,
Call office.
$100— PARTNERSHIP In flrst-class. genteel
business for lady.'. 131 Postet., room 8.
BUSINE S S ' CHANCES— Con tinned.
FOR sale — Carpenter shop, with tools and stock,
at low price. Call after 6 p. m., at 443 Third.
A GOOD. paying delicacy and restaurant at 411
Turk st. ; no agents. ¦ . .
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion stor^ 591
Fourth st. ;no aeents.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
S50 Market st. and 8 -Stockton st.
Room3-21,22 and 23.' Phone Bush 323.
If you have hotel, roomin? house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
45 rooms; oak furn.; good transient.:.... $2500
24 rooms; fine furniture and carpets...'. 2250
.10 rooms; central; well furnished 450
15 rooms; furn. ;. carpets extra good...... 1050
33 rooms; permanent and trans.; elegant. 3500
. 18 rooms; rent $65; elegantly furn; perm. 1600
18 rooms; 2 -entrances; rent $75;. trans.; 1500
30 rooms; rent $60; water free; good furn. 1000
24'rooms; furniture new; rent $59........ 2100
19 rooms: rent $60;. clears $70. 1000
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate, Agent,
719 Market St.. by the Call building.
5 flats of C rooms each: $300 to $200
14 houses of 10 rooms each: $700 to 30f>
46 houses. 15 to 20 rooms; $1600 to 75i)
34 houses, 22 to 30 rooms: $2700 to 1000
22 houses, 31 to 42 rooms: $4000 to 1S00
19 houses. 44 to 50 rooms: $3000 to.. 2000
2G bis houses and city hotels. Call for list.
A SNAP; owner leaving for Europe; 2 flats
furni-shed; must be sold; 1781 Haight 8t., one
block frcm Chutes, 7-room flat, rent $26; will
sell for $275 or J10 payments in addition to
rent. Another flat. 1 opposite. 7 rooms, fur-
nished, $3X5; rent $27 a month; will take In
$10 payments in addition to rent. Call at
ELDKR RENTAL BUREAU, 22 Kearny Rt.
"' ATTENTION BUYERS!
You may buy any rooitjlns-house In
the city, and pay for It,
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house. . .
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
WALTER HAYES & CO. "
GREET
PRESIDENT McKINLEY.
Watch this space next week for an unprece-
dented list of Bargains in Houses. 832- Mar-
kets^ : . - :
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market St.
Over Wonder Millinery Store
15 rooms; sunny corner; rent $50.. $300
15 rooms: near Sutter st.; rent $50........ 550
20 rooms; corner; rent $70. w 600
50 rooms: corner; rent $9!) 2000
Money on furniture. 1V 2 per cent. .
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st, opp. Mason.
43 rooms; north of Market;, only $1600
22 rooms; rent $45; big snap 431
20 rooms: Market; rent $50; apartment.... 703
20 rooms; Eddy: part mortgage; make offer.
If a. bargain we have them at any price.
35 ROOMS; rent ?S0; receipts about $20O....JS50
10 rooms: rent $50: clears $33 per month.. C50
' $300— lodging-house. 11 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays erood profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st. -
15 ROOMS; Mission St.; rent $60: price
12 rooms; Mason st.; rent $45: price $750.
19 rooms en Grnnt avo.: rent $75: price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy St.; rent $3S; prlceC3S30.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 23 Sixth st.
FOP. sale cheap; fine lodeir.K-house with din-
ing-room, bar end 3C furnished rooms. In-
quire at 203 and 205 Perry st., near Fourth,
or Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st. 1
16 ROOMS— Only $8 50; tine location, near Mar-
ket; fine transient. FISHER. 935 Market.
JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodging-houses. . ;
11 ROOMS and bath. 'part furniture for sale;
cheap rent. Box 3024. Call office. .
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellls-
6t. car; sit.. U; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. the world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs In life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty: circles Sun.. Wed..
Fri. eve. ; letters answered. Resid. (no signs),
513 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkin; phone Hyde 265.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic. Eleclrlc
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Lai kin
ct.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241'/i Market st.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. 146 Eddy st.
MRS- ANTHONY, medium, 228^ Sixth St.;
ladles, 25 cents; gents, 60 cents. :
EARLE, 622 Geary fit., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally: seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
MME. FRANCIS, the truthful clairvoyant.
87 Third st. -' ¦ •__
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY. '
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
00 hand It\, hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
•cess is possible -were it not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied In life, consult ISMAR, for she is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to op. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 1148
Market St., opp. Sixth. By mall three ques-
tions answered, $1. Full life reading, $5. See
my large ad. on page 16.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
' them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
BROESKE! BROESKE! BROESKE!
The greatest of Psychic and Scientific Palm-
ists, gives advice on all affairs of life; reads
your entire life, past, present and future;
your character, talent, abilities and health;
perfect satisfaction by mail; gives advice in
regard to profession, love affairs, business,
speculation; shows you how to avoid misfor-
tunes in the future: send stamp for circular;
palmistry reading $1. 203 Turk st.
MRS. DR. SAYLOR,
Queen of Clairvoyants......
Palmists And Occultists
Advice on mining, business, law and love.
Full names and descriptions.
Ladles, 25c; gents. 50c; by mall, $1. 1311^
Market st.. opposite Van Ness ave. Phone
Mint 1095.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently. located at 1200 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally a.nd Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tella
' past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to eveiy-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215^ Sixth.,
MME. VALEEN, 1027% Market St., near 6th,
palmist and life reader, psychic and mag-
netic healer; cures disease j and habits;
teaches how to Influence people and be suc-
cessful in love and financial affairs.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight ;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $150. 126 Turk.
SEE MESMAR, the best clairvoyant in the
city: a $5 life reading for $1; reduced fee for
the poor. 1152 Mission, st. This ad Sunday
only: cut It out. .:',.-, •¦'._¦.. .
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls; readings, EOC. 8 Hayes St.. nr. Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
ASTONISHING revelations: past, present, and
future. truthfully told: send 10c and birthday.
J. MYERS. Lincoln Park station, . Chicago.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium, 25c up. ,472 Stevenson, cor 6lh.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; .ladles
25c; gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist; card
reader; 25c up; leaves May- 20.; 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MAI.LORY, . clairvoyant, card', reader;
when others fall consult me; 25c. 917 Howard.
Burnett: readings, business, marriage, trouble;
one of world's greatest mediums, j 1382 Market.
MRS.' MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 fith;German spoken ;tel. Howard. 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448V&" Jessie st., bet:' Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST.' clairvoyant, card reader and
, palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c- 1149 Mission.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant. card: reader;
ladies, 25c; gents.-50c. ; 132 Sixth st. ; -,
HME.-RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
- advice; names given: 25c'up. 5 Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN "nails, bunions.', corns, warts.- chil-
blains; painless cure.'Dr. 'Duncan,-; 415 Sutter.'
- CAPE XOMB.
AN Alaska snap; ch.ince to make good money
with small investment at Teller City, Alaska.
Call and Investigate or address J. A. CHASE,
room 75,' Chronicle building. _'
CAPE NOME, Teller City and all points in
• Alaska. For freight smd passage rates call or
write C. F. MOORE. S35 Market st.. room 6. ¦¦.-.
CARPET nEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIKG'S Pioneer -Carpet-Beat-.
. - Ing Works. -353-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH '& CO,. Carpet-beating Works: prices
reasonable. ~ 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard Z3oi.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeinp; company.. 342-
344 McAllister* st.: phone South 145.
I CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
I STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.: tel. South 2oO.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
j vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-ClPaninR Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. JVALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at thTiowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st.: telephone Jessie 94-1.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatinjr Works, 233. Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126. : . -'¦
COLLECTION OFFICES^ \
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. ¦ Roam 310. »27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON. ~333, near Thirty-fourth— Cot-
tage, 3 rooms; large yard ; $6 50. '
COTTAGE. - 2 large sunny rooms, yard and
every convenience, $6. 1359 Minna st.
COTTAGE 5 rooms; modern Improvements and
bath. 1305 Ellis st. ; key 1221 Laguna.
DENTISTS.
Xt^^'elIeCTRcT-'dEn'tXl CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rnx 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions dona painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
*3 DO up; plates, extractions free. $4 oO "PI of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. . P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method:. 20 years
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, • the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
EOc: plates, $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk st., cor. Sutter: open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filling: no hammering
as before: absolutely.no pain: call Inves-
tigate: examinations free. Ideal Dental Co..
|. 6 Eddy St., rooms 44 and 32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 2jc.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815?i Geary. nr. Larkln— Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates £5 up: phone Polk 113o.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In. S. F. Painless extraction.
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings find Sun-
days^
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H/ G.
YOTTNG. 1341 Polk St.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millnery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1013 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleatlns; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Mnffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GAXL^GlHE"R^MARs1tFcollege. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
5 F — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing,' lan-
guages telegraphy.- English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
6 night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
BECOME an effective speaker and successful
writer by a simple plan at a minimum of
expense. Address PROF. CARL FRANK.-
American Lyceum Circle, room 606, Adams
building, 2C6 Kearny st. •¦¦ ¦ .
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.— Day
&;«v«.- bookkeeping, shorthand, typlnjr. -teleg-
raphy, etc. ; life scholarship. $50; Individual"
positions secured ; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.- Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elecmtnlng.mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van.
der'Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg. ; Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils In all branches In
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
EOc. Box E, Call office. i
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, "man-
dolin lessons 50c. W. P. CHAMBERS, 244
Taylor st ;
PROF. MERKI. from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 100S Mission st.
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
I BANJO and guitar; Farland method. R. T.
j JtQSS. 514A Jones st. Music furnished.
SPANISH lessons given by a native. Spanish
¦teacher. 513 McAllister st.
ELECXKO-THERAPUTIC-
ETecTric'-^einlT medication cures faulty nutri-
tion nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs." K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co., 24 Montgomery
- ave., tel. John 1481. will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit, pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment office and . House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125J gutter.. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Pfawell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all klnda help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 41114 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEM ALE.
A FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation;
8 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. • ¦
AN elderly woman, first-class American cook,
particularly clean and careful, will take full
charge of kitchen or. will : work for two or
three In family where she can have a per-
manent home and moderate wages; references
r if required. 744. Harrison, st. .
EXPERIENCED nurse ' will care for invalid,
> city or country, $25 month; references. . Box
¦ 4156, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER.- young lady, wishes position
as cashier and bookkeeper; several years ex-
perlence. Box 4155. Call office. ;-•
YOUNG lady bookkeeper, typewriter and
stenographer, wishes position; thoroughly ex-
pert ; best of references. Box 4153. : Call.
FIRST-CLASS German girl ; wants a position
as chambermaid, country hotel or resort: also
flnst-class Swedish cook desires situation,
understands German cooking. MISS.. CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter et.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes posi-
tion as cook or general work In* small Ameri-
can family. * Apply Monday. 508 Franklin Bt,
near McAllister. . , ¦ ¦ -'¦¦'
RELIABLE woman wishes position | to make
beds, light housework or ..working, house-
keeper where she can ; take baby with
city, or country. -Address box 4161, Call office.
¦ A COMPETENT woman wishes care of room-
Ing house;, city or:, country. Box 2232, -Call
office. Oakland. ¦ .'¦- . . ~ .' '¦-¦¦"
YOUNG woman, refined and well educated, da-'
- ¦ sires position • as companion ; no objection ; to
¦ country. Box 2235, Call office, Oakland. „
COMPETENT young woman desires place In
. small ¦ family to do general.housework; _no
washing. ; Box 2236, Call office. Oakland.
REFINED. 'woman; wishes care of .or.
• light- work; country preferred. Address box
.4146. Call office., •¦¦';.¦¦-.., :.:.- , '¦ ' •
A WOMAN wants work of any kind; half-day.
.'¦¦ Call, 135 A Sixth Bt.. 1 over Jewelry store. ;
POSITION of housekeeper, 1 ; companion -or 'care
% ; of. Invalid; good city references. .2239^ Folsonj.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
RELIABLE English woman . 'wants laundry
-.work -by the day; can furnish reference. Ad-,
dress F. M.. 407 Linden ave. * ¦" : ¦
RESPONSIBLE party will take charge of house
I during owner's absence. .Box 3633. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS nurse . would like to tak£ care
of children; Alameda preferred: best of refer-
ences. Call one week 525 Eighth st.. Oakland;
tel. 3576 Black. '
A YOUNG French girl from the East wants
situation as a nursegirl; good sewer; first-
class references. Address 324 Bush St., the
Elmer: ', •'..¦'.. ' -' • -
BLANKETS washed to perfection and returned
in two days by MRS. NIELSEN, 45% Rltch
St., between Folsom and Harrison. ¦; ¦ \ . -
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
.$6 .week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ,, :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2300 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 10>»
Valencia st. •
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A YOUNG Scotch couple wish situations; pri-
vate place or ranch; good references." Apply
to MRS. NORTON. 330 Sutter st. ..-'¦.
"WANTED — A position by young man as assist-
ant bookkeeper or accountant; 10 years' ex-
perience; will invest in the business. Box
4126. Call office. • /
BREAD and cake baker wants situation; coun-
try preferred. Address box 4133. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position in saloon, grocery
or fruit stand. -Address box 4136. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a competent colored
.butler from the East. Box 4138. Call office.
GENERAL merchandise ¦ and . grocery clerk
wishes position; California experience and
references. ' AddreBB C. H., 2222 Jackson st.
STEADY young man wishes position; have had
experience in grocery and produce business;
can furnish good references. ANDERSON,
127 Arlington st.
AN architect and civil engineer wishes to do
work at home; does quick- work and at rea-
sonable prices. Address 1033 Union st.
TO druggists; wanted, situation, city or coun-
try; three years' experience; best of refer-
ences. Box 3608. Call office. '
SITUATION wanted by a boy of 16; good city
j references; fair wage3 expected. Box 4154,
Call office.
I COMPETENT, middle-aged man wishes posi-
tion gardener: understands care cf horses; can
drive; handy with tools. Box 4158, Call office.
MAN and wife, with their own help, wish to do
the work and take charge of a ranch; good
references. J. D., 144 Juniper st.
WANTED — By young man, age 37 years, a po-
sition as nurse or as companion to an invalid;
well recommended. Box 4132, Call office.
COOK and wife, flrst-class, wish situation In
hotel; country preferred; good references. ¦
WANTED — By middle-aged man who has ex-
perience In wholesale liquor and wine house,
. position to do packing, coopering and brand-
. ing; references given. Box 4168 Call office.
41 ! ;
WANTED — By an educated young man, a po-
sition with some respectable house; will ac-
cept a position for the summer months. Box
4165, Call office.
POSITION as night watchman by a sober, re-
. .liable man. Address J., 106 Eleventh st.
MARRIED man wants' situation on a gentle-
¦ man's place as coachman or gardener; good
references from the' East; no objections to
going to country. Address 4174 Twenty-fifth.
WANTED— Situation as coachman In private
family: Oakland preferred; first-class refer-
ences from East. Address 4174 Twenty-fifth.
CAKE baker. Swiss, 7 years' experience, good
all-around man, wants situation as second
or third hand. JS25 Pacific st.
j YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender in country town; best of refer-
ences. Address box 4140, Call office.
JANITOR wants another office to keep clean;
: flrst-class references. Box 4122, Call office.
WANTED — Situation by an all-around engineer,
. electrician and machinist; 18 years' experience
In care of electric light, water works and elec-
tric power plants, electric and compressed air
and mining machinery; at present master me-
chanic of a large mining plant: good reasons
for leaving; steady, honest and strictly tem-
perate; best of references: competent to take
charge of any plant; would like steady posi-
tion. Address box 3023. Call office.
I AM looking for a position wherein wide ex-
perience. In all agricultural branches — Europe,
' u. S. and l&-years California — together with
"broad education, good handwriting, bookkeep-'
Ing, correspondence, etc., could earn moderate
salary for an old bachelor. German, box 500,
Call office.
SOBER youth of 20, 4 years' experience, wants
position in drug store: good references; will-
ing to work for board and room till ability
. demonstrated. Address F. G. BAKER, Los
Banos, Cal.
ELDERLY man wants employment In office,
store, cigar stand, copying, any light work;
•wages no object; good ; references. Box 3628,
Call office. .
STEADY, experienced waiter, can cook short
orders, wants position: hotel or lunch counter,
out of city. 29 Winchester House.
YOUNG man would be glad to he,ar of a situa-
tion In grocery store or a position of any
kind; good reference. -Box 3000, Call office.
WANTED— A chance to go to Alaska to work
In the mines with fare prepaid. Address
FRANK CRO FAUGH. Mountain View. Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe, 870 Mission, cor. 5th.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT.- 4 rooms and bath. Call at 4443 Twenti-
eth St.. near Eureka, ,
FOLSOM, 1748— Sunny flat of 6 rooms, bath,
tubs and yard. •
LOWER flat. 4 rooms; yard; $10. 140 Russ St.,
between 6th and 7th, Mission and Howard.
MODERN upper flat of 4 rooms at 941 San-
chez. Key at 310% Waller s». - ' ¦ .
MODERN sunny flat 5 rooms, bath; near Park;
rent $20. - 1708 Waller st. '
NEW modern sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath, etc.
1422 Clay St.. near Leaven-worth. •"
NEW. modern lower flat; 6 rooms, bath; rent
reasonable. 1361 Oak st. .
NORTHWEST . corner Turk • and Pierce sts. —
4, 5 and 8 rooms and baths. _______
SANTA CLARA— A flat to let in Santa Clara,
furnished, to adults; all modern improve-
ments; none but responsible parties need an-
swer. Address box 29. Santa Clara. Cal.
SEVEN sunny rooms; bath. 961 Golden Gate
,ave., opposite Jefferson iquare; $32 50.
SUNNY' modern upper^flat; 5.-. clean rooms,
bath.' 881 Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
SUNNY upper flat- 5 rooms and bath. 1012 Thir-
teenth s\. t near Scott. : . , ...
SUNNY corner; new; 9 rooms, bath, attic; $S0;
water extra. Page St., and Central ave. ¦ ;
SUNNY corner, 4 rooms and bath; up-to-date;
¦$20.- 1694 Page St., corner Clayton.
SUNNY cozy flats of three and four rooms and
. bath. Call 154 Fourteenth st.
TWO new elegant flats Just finished; 8. rooms,
. bath : rent $42 60. 1523 Clay St.. near Hyde.
TWO elegant • modern newly -tinted flats, 6
j • rdbms, bath ; rent reasonable. 20 and 24 Baker.
UPPER flat of 7 rooms. 637 Stevenson, bet. 6th
.and 7th; $15; suitable for roomers.
VALLEJO, - 111— Sunny " upper flat of 4 rooms
and bath; newly renovated. .
C SUNNY rooms, bath. 445 Noe st.
6 rooms. - bath, ¦ new. 570 Church 1 st. . PAT-
TERSON & CO.,; 11 City Hall square.
G ROOMS and bath; clean. , : 981 Harrison St.,
near Sixth. r ' '.
FLATS TO • LET— Furnished.
AN~elegantly furnished flat. 8 rooms and bath,
new and modern,; to responsible parties for 6
months. 1453 O'Farrell st.- ¦ : ¦'¦'
ADULTS; 4 comfortable rooms, , bath; 2 beds;
. gas and coal- stoves ;^ all necessaries. 1917
Geary st.' . ¦¦•'.•.-¦. ' . ' '¦'>¦**• '"^
HANDSOMELY furnished flat: 3 rooms and
bath; 2 folding beds; $15. 1537 Larkln st.
MODERN furnished flat, B rms." & bath, piano.
' etc., to Sept. 1: cheap. 1530 Grove, 1 2 to 4 p. m.
¦ FURNITURE WASTED. v •
TO receive highest value for furniture, 'carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER- John Elder. 22 Kearny, bujs &
¦ sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell furn.,.mdse., etc., 'see J.' AJ
. ¦ Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.-
BEFORE, disposing of ' your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture-bought.', Indiana
Auction Co., 117. Sutter, St.; tel. James; 141.
A! ' WOLLPERT,' 773 Mission St.; pays highest
.: prlca for second-hand » furniture; tel:. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent,1305 Larkln: tel. Polk 694;
furniture &'furn'd: houses bought: spot cash.
CHAS.'-- LEVY ? buys \ your ; furniture, r ¦' carpets;
[¦';¦= pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; teL Jessie 761.
FURXITBRE FOR SALE.
THE elegant furniture and carpets at 1723
Buchanan st. must be sold at a . 8a « lflc ! ! p i > "
account of non-arrival of party; flat to rent.
WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 123
, and 132. Ellis st. .¦
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 MarKei.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves; give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FOR sale— Furniture of corner flat; rent $25.
Call afternoon at 402 Halght st.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT -•
Haid . waitress, summer resort jjo
2 waitresses, summer resort : "jri»
Chambermaid, summer resort Jj<>
2 waitresses, same commercial hotel 5-0
2 chambermaids to wait, resorts ••'!,2
10 waitresses, city : 5-0
- Mangier, Lake Tahoe, see party here. ..'...$2o
Fancy ironers *10 w *-
Laundrgss, hotel, city ?3 J
2 cooks, meal at noon and short orders. $10 wk.
Cashier, restaurant ¦ $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT -
Cook, country, short distance $30
Cook, city 1 53?
Houseglrls, mining town, choice place $2j
Housegirl, small family, Petaluma 115
Woman, general work, hotel, Sonoma $20
'Cook. Napa County $25
30 housegirls, all over the city $10, $30
Nurseglrl for country; see party here 120
All fares paid to country places.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED — 4 second girls. $20 and $25; 2 cooks
for restaurants, $10 week; cook for San Jose,
$35; cook, San Rafael,. $35; San Leandro, $30;
laundress, $35; 2 ironers, $30 and found; 3
¦' waitresses, country hotels, $25 and fare oald;
5 waitresses for family boordJng-houae. $20;
parlor maid and waitress. $25; 2 waitresses.
summer resorts, go the 20th, $20; 2 waitresses
for coffee parlors, short hours, no Sunday
work, $7 week: kitchen helper, summer re-
sort. $25; cook, German style. $30; 50 girls
for general housework, city and country, $25
and $i0. Apply to J. F.. CROSETT & CO..
31S Sutter «t.
MISS HORGAN'S Emp. Agency. 323 Sutter St.—
*'6 girls for housework, city $25
3 housework sirls for country. $25
6 girls for light housework $20
3- girls for housework across the bay $20
4 second girls $20 and $25
5 sirls to assist $10 to $15
¦Several other places, city and country.
COOK, country hotel, $35; restaurant cook,
across the bay, $50, see party here at 10 a. m.
Monday; dishwasher, country hotel. $20; pan-
try girl., restaurant, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. .
WANTED— Steady men and women , (at $2 per
day) in every town, who are not very well, to
do our work while we give them an absolute
cure free. We are true hyglenlsts, besides
possessing original and powerful means for
restoring health without medicine or appara-
• tus and can cure you when all else falls. Our
course In physical culture and hygiene In-
cludes Prof. Eads' now'famou3 "Ten Secrets
of Health" and the great "Ralston Health
Chart" free. If you want to earn $2 a day
.while we cure you address PROF. JOHN G.
EADS, Pres. International School of Health,
Los Aneeles, Cal.
TEN more young girls, residing at ¦ home, to
learn operating; paid while learning. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and Grove.
YOU can make big money selling steamer tick-
. ets to witness launching of battleship Ohio;
some cash security; guaranteed against Ios3.
To-day, 301 Examiner building.
AN Industrious young girl to assist with chil-
dren and do a little housework and sewing;
wages $10. Address MRS. O. F., box 341,
Oakland, Cal.
WANTED— Salesgirls In muslin wear. Apply
manager undermuslin department. Empori-
um and Golden Rule Bazaar.
WANTED — Cloak and suit salesladyi steady po-
sition to one experienced; state last position.
Address L. F.. box 3672, this office.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies: state age,
experience and salary expected. Address box
S619, Call', office.
WANTED— A girl in a small private family.
Address box 3674. Call office. t
WANTED— Operators, button-hole makers and
finishers on vests. 724^4 Market St.
WANTED— A neat you:ig girl to assist In house
. work; family el four adults;, wages, $12 per
month. , Apply 12S Second ave.
TAILORESS wasted to work on coats; wages,
$20. per week. 121 Mason.. . . . . ...... •
A STRONG yourp girl to care for children and
assist; references. Box 4167, Call. .
EXPERIENCED-' waitresses; also girls to learn;
office open Sunday; no fees. 127 Mason st.
GIRL to do housework; plain cooking;/ sleep
home. 120 Twelfth St.
WANTED— Waist, skirt and operators; expe-
perienced. 710 Polk st.
WANTED — First-class finisher on trousers;
wages $10. 461% Minna st.. near Sixth.
WANTED— Millinery salesladies. The Leon,
943 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced operators -on women's
wrappers: Inside work; electric power; steady
work. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market at.
OPERATORS on bar coats; also custom shirt
hands and good cuff operators; steady, work
and good pay. Apply 36 Geary St.. rm. 4S.
OPERATORS on overalls; also experienced
buttonhole operators. . HEYNEMANN & CO.,
410 Mission st.
GENTLEWOMAN to travel for one year; work
¦ pleasant, creative and educational; salary
and expenses; references. Box 3620. Call.
A' LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
GIRL or woman to assist in general house-
work. 328 Halght St.. '10 and 12;. references.
GIRL wanted as working -housekeeper; refer-
ences. 1135 Park "ave., Alameda. . '. r.» r ".
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hairdressers, who under-
stand ventilating preferred. 40 Geary st.
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 2S years of age for second work and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
ence; wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
box 196. San Rafael. - ¦¦¦-,:. (
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICHELS, 531
Mission Et. "*.?>¦¦
WANTED— A woman, German preferred, for
general housework and cooking In Alameda.
Call mornings at 533 Polk St.. city.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies; state age,
• experience and salary expected. Apply box
3662, Call office.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. '2% Fremont .St. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. ¦¦' ...
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. E25^ Market 8t. _^^^
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A.T C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Wanted to-day (Sunday)..;
....Office open 7 a. m.i
To-day (Sunday)
-. To-day (Sunday)
For Cal. N. W. Ry. at Uklah........
Tunnelmen .....|2 25
Teamsters $2
Laborers ". $2
For railroad tunnel, Chatsworth Park:
50 tunnelmen ; ..$2 50
B0 drillers ....'. ; j2 20
60 muckers j2
50 laborers, outside: work ji 75
100 railroad laborers for reconstruction
and ballasting track.... ...$1 75
Free fare.. ...Ship dally Free fare
:.. Office open, to-day, Sunday;
Millwright, country sawmill, $50 and board- 10
laborers, country sawmill, $26 to $30; 30 tle-
, makers and woodchoppers; 10 coal miners for
New Mexico; 10 farmers for haying. $1 25 a
day; 20 farmers and milkers. $30 and $26- 6
blacksmiths, $2 50 and $3 a day.' v '-» v .-.
......HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook, summer resort, $100:
bread and . cake baker, summer resort $60- 2
head . cooks, restaurants. $100; second cooks
fry cooks and broilers. $60 to $75; second and
third cooks, springs, $30 to $40; cake baker,
north. $65 and fare; oysterinan. $15; 6 bakers
$50 to $60; extra waiters, city, $2 50 a day;
extra bakers, ;J3 and $4 a day; hotel and res-
taurant waiters, city and country. $30 to $3C;
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25 and^JCO"
dishwasher. . summer resort, $30; dishwasher
country hotel. $25 and free fare; porter and
-houseman, good references, - $35; 10 bell and
elevator boyB, $10 to $20; ¦ polisher country
hotel laundry. $40.
C R. HANSEN& CO.... 104 Geary'st!
MAN and wife, ranch, see ' party here at 10
a,.m. Monday. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207.
I. LESS., Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— First-class •• carriage blacksml th ;
must understand woodwork ; steady Job year
round; single man preferred. . Apply HOLT
BROS., 30 Main at.. , bet. 9-9:30. Monday.
WANTED— Steady man with small capital as
partner In good paying business. 719 Market
st.,- room 3.S3EMMHMPM
FIRST-CLASS ladles.' tailor wanted. P. VER-
DIER, 9S4 st. :-..,
HEL.P WASTED — MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY "Phone, Main 5813.
Leading Employment nad Labor Agenta.
.634-636 CLAY STREET
WANTED .7 A. M MONDAY
4573 merj for different positions. All parts of
California. Oregon, Washington and Arizona;
wages from $106 to $J0 and found.
Railroad work; Southern Pacific Railroad;
free pass. Office fee, $1; and no other ex-
penses; 269 men for tae Southern Pactflc Rail-
road Company's own work in section, steel,
rock, ballasting and other gangs; no experi-
ence required. .Los -Angeles and Santa P.ar-
bara and other divisions In all parts of Cali-
fornia. Wages, 1 $1.75 to {2.25 day.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Twenty-five railroad men, teamsters and la-
borers, for Ukiah '. ?2 day
FRUIT PICKERS .........FRUIT PICKEHd
25 men or strong boys to pick, pack and thia
fruit; steady work 'from now until November;
good place to work 5-0 and found
Laborers Laborers
450 laborers for different positions, city and
country; wages from 11.73 to $2 a day; 17
laborers, city; 13 laborers for mines; 5 la-
borers to work in brickyard. $32 50 to $40 and
found; 5 laborers, San Mateo County, $2 day;
125 laborers for six different saw mills, iZH to
$40 and found.
MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter for a mine $75
Harnessmaker for ranch $30 and found
; Millwright, small saw mill; see boss here;
J30 and found
Woodworker for camp ; no tools needed
$2.50 day
Wheelwright; country shop $40 and found
Blacksmith, Sonoma County, no shoelns,
$3.50 per day; blacksmith, fare 25c. $3; black*
smith, ranch, $40 and found; blacksmith,
camp, no shoeing-, $2.50 per day: blacksmith' a
1 helper, for ranch. $30 and found; blacksmith's
: helper, city; sheet- Iron workers; two furnaca
for mine, $60; two firemen for furnace of
mine. $42 and found.
For a Bigr Corporation— 25 men to dig small
trenches for irrigating- purposes, thinning,
picking- and packing fruit, work In orchard,
vineyard and ranch. You don't need any ex-
perience; the superintendents will teach you
what you have to do. This is a good job.
\Vage3 $CS and found
We ship to-day to saw mill, woods and yards
Fare Paid Fare Paid
35 laborers; no' experience required; to work
In yards, woods and mills; $2S to $40 ar.d
found: tree fellers, cro38-cut sawyers, lumber
pliers, roustabouts for mills, donkey men and
loggers.
MISCELLANEOUS.
60 farmers, haymakers, etc.. $30, $32 50 and $33
27 milkers, city and country $C0 and $33
3 private family men, gardeners, choremen.
10 hostlers, buggy washers and stable men
'. , $30 to $60
10 men to pile lumber; see boss here.
' 10 miners, $60; 10 quarry men, $60.
4 plow teamsters $32 JO
Boys for factories, learn trades, and chora
boys, young- man to drive butcher wagon.
HOTEL AXD OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
50 cooks, city and country hotels, boarding
houses and restaurants; $40 and $50; $12 to
$13 per week.
£0 waiters, city and country hotels and res-
taurants. $30 and $35; SS. $10 and $12 a week.
12 bakers, different city and country shops,
$70; $17 50 per week; $50 and found.
Bartender, small place, $25 and found; dish,
washer for mine; cook, ten men, ranch, $25.
• 5 ranch cooks, different places; kitchen
help, porters, elevator and bell boys. etc.
MURRAY & HEADY. 634-636 Clay St.
AT CAL. EMP. AG'CT, 59 3d; phone John 313ll
Railroad men. to-day, free fare.
50 men for S. P. R. R., $1 75 to $2 23 per day.
Free fare Free fare Free far*
SO laborers for country, $1 85 per day. no ex-
perience necessary; we ship to-day.
20 men for rock crusher, $2 per day.
10 lumber pliers. $05 to $45 per month.
10 mill and woodsmen, free fare.
6 men to make posts. $3 per hundred.
6 men to cut wood, $1 25 per cord.
10 haymakers, $1 25 to $1 50 per day and board.
4 milkers, $35 per month and board.
We want to-day 100 railroad laborers for dif-
ferent points. Call and read our bulletin
boards. . Office open to-day (Sunday) till 12.
TRAVELING salesman wanted for established
house; no technical knowledge necessary, but
simply all-around hustler of good appearance
and address; flrst-class line, special contract;
entire time reuuired; references. Box 254,
Detroit, Mich. .
TOUXG man, 16 years of age. for general work
In our cutting room, with a chance of later
learning the trade. Apply between 8 and 9
a. m. Monday. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
SALESMAN, high class, fully experienced man
of ability and excellent address desired; w»
have an extraordinary book proposition and
wish flrst-class connections. Address box 41W,
Call office. ¦
YOUNG man with talent for drawing to train
as newspaper artist; free circular lesson by
mail. SCHOOL OF CARICATURE, World
building. New York.
YOU can make big money selling steamer tick-
ets to witness launching of Battleship Ohio;
lame ca«h security: guaranteed against loss.
To-day, 301 Examiner building. *
YOUNG man with natural talent to train as
newspaper artist; write for free circular les-
son by mail. School of Caricature, World
building. New York. . ;
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladles underwear:
work evenings; good pay. Sunday 8:30 to 9:30
a. m., BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st.
50 EOYS to sell McKinley souvenirs during
week of Presidential visit: quick, handy
seller; 5c article. Room 34. 5C8 California st.
WANTED — Bakers and confectioners; good
wages; permanent employment. Address box
4160, Call office.
ENTERPRISING person with $40 cash can buy
good business, clearing $4 per day. Box 4134.
Call office. ,
SIX flrst-class cabinet-makers. W. T. VEITCH
& BRO., 1164 Webster St., Oakland.
EOY to attend soda water fountain; age 15 to
IS years; must live with parents. 810 Market.
BOYS wanted. Apply 111 Clay st.
TWO errand boys at 425 Commercial st. Apply
Monday between 7:30 and 9 a. m. •
WANTED— Ten men. Apply D. MADIGAN. 221
Second st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 810 Kearny st.
WANTED — Apprentice boy to team Iron mold-
Ing; steady Job. Apply 814 Kearny st.
FOUR STONEMASONS: $4 per day. Calif oral*
Employment Agency, 59 Third.
UXDERPRESSERS on pants wanted by S. N.
Wood & Co. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
BOY wanted from 9 to 11 years of age. Box
4159. Call office.
ENERGETIC city salesman; reference; must
be hustler. 718 Emma Spreckela building.
CABINET . MAKERS, two electrlc7ans,~tnsid9
wiring; non-union; no office fees. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny.
WAITER for oyster house; flrst-class; steady
position. The Oyster Loaf, 13 Eddy.
WANTED— Good bakers and also a driver; good
wages. 911 Larkln st.
ERRAND boy, S3 per w.eek. MAJOR CON-
WAY. 79 Flood building.
"WANTED— industrious men and women In
every town to work for us at home. No
canvassing. We will send work any dis-
tance: Have several lines of work to. give
out; some requires no experience. If you
can't devote the whole day to our work,
you can earn $5 or $6 a week by working an
hour or two evenings. Address Standard
Mfg. Co.. 143 West 23d St.. New York.
PERMANENT position (either sex), splendid
opportunity for good wages, selling photo-
graph guarantee certificates for responsible
gallery doing first-class work; fine sample
portfolio outfit furnished: investigate to-day
at Rembrandt Studio, S50 Market st, corner
Stockton, bet. 8 and 11 a, m. Inexperienced
solicitors are making $15 and $25 per week.
FIRST-CLASS cutter • and fitter on ladles'
tailor garments, for Salt Lake City; good po-
sition for the right man. Call at FRANCES'.
.7% Sutter st.
PERSONS everywhere who can write merito-
rious sketches, articles or stories; good pay.
Literary Bureau. 303 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to risrht man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building.
ALL sizes men's shoes, sljghtly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
AX energetic single man wanted. 323 First St.;
telephone Green 361. '
WANTED— First and second bread baker; good
wages. Box 4141. Call office. '
CABINET maker, flrst-class workman. FINK
'& SCHINDLER. 13C3 Market st. •
WANTED— Second barkeeper. 603 Fourth st.
•-CHAIR barber shop and bath for sala In best
" mining town In St'-.te. See party between 12
and 2 at Golden West Hotel. Ellis 3t.
WANTED— Boy for office. Address In own
handwriting box 3626. Call office.
ERRAND boy and to help about drus store:
give age and residence. Box 496. Call office.
WANTED— A first hand bread baker: ncn-
unlon. Call at 1365 Castro St.. Oakland. Cal.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 562 Mission j;.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Several good men. Apply at the
Royal Portrait Co.. 1145 Market st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. I* Barber School. 741A Howard st.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G..A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 506 Market.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst : bldg.. Third and. Market, room 31t.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, MAY 12, 1901.
33
HKIT WAXTRD— M*T,K— Con.
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. "WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.. 500 Post st.
AT caEh prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. KEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny at.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps U
S. Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 85; not
lors than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply at the Recruitlnr
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years-
mailed free. We have no 6c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture are
s.li made to our own order, with & view to
cleanliness and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay «t
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
FALESMEN— For high-grade book proposition-
no house work: sold to the best pepole only-
must be of good education, address and ap-
pearance; references required as to trust-
worthiness and ability. Address box 8623,
Call office.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage tear and body maker;
etpady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED- Young man as outside draper and
salesman in drapery department; state age.
experience and salary expected. Box 3627.
Call office.
"WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion, 127 ilaxon Bt.. restaurant help of al!
kinds; male and female; register at once;
permanent positions ; good pay? '
TV ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large |
rooms : £5c per night; n to t2 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 ThlfS"st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
*bu« and baggage to and^ from fern*.
HORSES AND "WACOX!*. J
?0 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies, j
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market I
127 Sixth 6t. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
f ULLIVAX & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
"WANTED — Second-hand currey or other two-
eeated rig in good condition, double and tin-
gle harness and team. Send particulars and
price of all or either, box S643. Call office.
TX>R sale, cheap— 1 horse, harness and ¦wagon:
also 1 team; weight from 1000 to 1100. 5935
Mission et. opposite Ocean View.
E. F VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 610 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE, wagon end harness for Bale. Apply
at 1225 Bush rt.
GOOD sirgle horse peddling wagon; good re-
pair; snan. Box 4120. Call office.
ONE good work team: snow white pony, gentle,
for children; hack cheap. 2453 Mission St.
FOR 6ale or exchange for diamonds, flne road
or business rig. 15C9 Grove st
WASHINGTON" furniture express for sale on
account of sickness. Apply at 2457 Folsom st
FOK eale — A fresh cow and calf. 407 Eureka
street.
ALL kinds of "wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy.
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
H^CSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— 1339 GOLDEN GATE avenue, bet. Flllmore
and Steiner — 10 rooms and bath; choice resi-
dence; will be rented cheap to a first-class
tenant.
A NICE sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
modern. 1512 Howard st., near 11th st
EUSH, 2426— Cottage, 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment. Key S424 Bush 6t.
NEW" house to let: 6 rooms and bath. Beulah
and Cole ets.. near Park.
PAGE, 443— Well-furnished 6unny house, nine
rooms, for about 6 months; yard and garden.
fs — FINE house of 3 rooms freshly decorated,
with enameled sink and patent chimney; Its
own toilet. 310 Clementina st, In the yard;
key 7S2 Folsom st. |
$40— HOUSE in Western Addition from June 1;
contains » rooms, bath, washroom. Par-
ticulars W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Mont-
gomery st.
j«5__S ROOMS: large finished basement; suit-
able for dressmaker; large yard. 1618 Bush.
HOUSES TO LET FCRMSHED.
FURNISHED house from 6 to 20 rooms; east of
Larkin. Box 4131. Call office. •
COUNTRY FlhMSHRD HOUSES.
STANFORD University grounds—Comfortably
furnished house of 10 rooms to rent for 2 or 3
months. Inquire C. C. BEMIS, 224 Montgoin-
try Ft.
iANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
House, 10 rooms, bath, piano, furnished com-
plete; horse and buggy: fare $1 round trip to
place. Box 4171. Call office.
TO let— Palo Alto; 455 "University ave.; large,
pleasantly situated 13-room house, furnished,
for 3 months from June 1; electric lights;
telephone.
HYPNOTISM. ~~
HYPNOTISM, suggestion, personal marnetlsm,
etc. taught privately by GEO. W. BURKE,
CIS Golden Gate ave.
LOST AJVD FOOD.
LOST— May 7, a bunch of keys on Market st.,
near Sixth; one key numbered 74. Return to
GEO. TRACY, Southern Police Station, Xew
City Hall.
LOST— On trolley rifle, on Wednesday night
from Second and Market to Cliff House, a
bug pin with IS email diamonds. Finder please
return to 2250 Twenty-second St. and receive
price of pin as reward.
LOST-LJewellyn setter bitch, black and white
ticked, black patch under left eye. Return
St. Lawrence Stable, 423 Post st: receive $20
reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hib»m!a. Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name cf MICHAEL J. FITZGERALD; No.
S6-682. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Gold watch and pin with L. B., be-
tween Powell. Sutter, Stockton and Bush
sts. Return to 607 Powell et.; receive re-
ward.
LOST— A chamois Jewel bag containing 6 riiurs
and a turquoise pin. Finder return to 779
Mission St.; reward.
LOST— Small black greyhound; white spot on
breart; 2 months old. Return to 3631 Twenty-
fourth st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jewelr. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. and MRS. DAVIE3.
DR. and MBS. DA VIES.
Leading ladies' specialists.
Leading ladles' specialists.
Located for 10 years at
Located for 10 years at
1228 Market st
1228 Market st
Above Klxth st
Above Sixth st
"We have no branch offices.
"We have no branch office!.
Cut this out
Cut this out.
Remember the number, 12J8 Market
Remember the number, 1228 Market
A — RENOWNEP specialist; those who desire l{>
obtain results promptly; I treat ladiee only;
rr.y regulator bas no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to ell others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain:
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
er.teca. DR. Q. W. O'DON'NELL. 1018 Markt
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give
Instant relief for all female complaints;. the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
<5elay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1U2
Market ft., next to Owl Drug Store.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market ladles'
specialists : 22 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to *ny other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation . free.
IMPORTANT notice to ladles— Price reduced
from S10 to t2 50; more to do and less charges;
no medicine or pille u*ed; 37 years' experi-
ence; in all cases satisfaction guaranteed;
cure in one day. DR. POPPER, medical epe-
cialist. VI Mason et, near Market
X>R. and GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet. 6th
& "th — Expert epecialiets; well known and re-
liable: 25 yre. experience; treatment puarant'd
to rive Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent tpeclalists; consult free.
MRS. DR WYETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs.'
successful practice; ruaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment; borne before and during
confinement. 9« Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRP. DR. ALLEN". 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dels' specialist: best medical care: low fees.
LADIES— Try my monthly remedy; box free.
MRS. B. ROWAN. Milwaukee, Wis.
MINES AND MINING.
MONTEZUMA COPPER.
Montezuma Copper. ;
Montezuma Copper.
Montezuma Coal.
Montezuma Coal.
Montezuma Coal.
. Montezuma Coke.
Montezuma Coke. .
Montezuma Coke.
Thousands of people have read these an-
nouncements with more or less Interest who
have not yet applied for a copy of the pros-
pectus or report from the mines. Every share-
holder has received a copy of the reports as
Issued from time to time and has read therein
that which has added to his confidence In the
company and the properties. While the reports
are Intended primarily for shareholders, we
are willing the world should read them. The
Montezuma Company has no secrets. It la
willing and even anxious that the light of day-
be turned upon its properties and its business
management The report follows:
OFFICE OF MONTEZUMA MINING CO.
TACOMA, Wash., April S, 1901.
To the Stockholders:
Agreeably to the intention expressed in my
February letter, to from time to time issue
a report on the progress of the Company, it
gives me much pleasure to state that the* last
60 days have been very prolific in develop-
ments.
COPPER PROPERTIES.'
The night and day shifts at our Tacoma
Group of Mines have been doing good work.
We are Just in receipt of the first report, since
the date of my previous letter. The tunnel
is now in 140 feet, the ore has been classified
and placed on the several dumps. The Su-
perintendent sent in three samples of ore from
three separate places in the tunnel, a copy
of the assays of which I herewith submit.
Description.
MINERALS. 1- S, 1
? P \9
>-t tO CO
: : l
Gold, ox 50-100 80-100 40-100
Silver, oz 8.5 8.4 6.8
Copper, per cent 24.15 23.8 11.66
Gold $10 00 $16 00 $8 00
Silver $5 10 $5 04 $4 08
Copper $S0 61 $79 68 $27 21
Total value per ton $95 61 $100 72 $39 29
(Concentrates 5 in 1.)
Please note that the assayer's test shows
that our No. 3, which is concentrating, would
concentrate 5 into 1, which would give the con-
centrates a value of $196 45 per ton, from
which a small allowance ¦would have to be
made for a loss in the process of concentra-
tion, if water is used; but it is our present in-
tention to concentrate by smelting, in which
event the Io6s would be very small. »
I might here add that while golng^ in on
the "Tacoma Mine" tunnel, each miner Is tak-
ing out per day approximately $20 00 "worth of
ore and putting it on the dump. We have to-
day several thousand dollars' worth of this on
the dump, and this, while simply doing tunnel
¦tt-ork, shows the great richness of the Tacoma
Mine.
Our force on this property has Just been
doubled, and by the first of July we antici-
pate having a compressed air plant and power
drills in operation.
The five feet of snow reported at our copper
properties will delay the starting of work on
the Chicago and Blue Star Groups until some
time in May.
COAL MINES.
Since my last report in February we have
been constantly at work with a crew of over
30 men and can report satisfactory progress.
We have opened up on the surface 6 veins
of coking coal; one 11 feet wide, one 8 feet
wide, one 7 feet wide, one 4% feet wide, one
3 feet wide and one 5 feet wide. By the aid
of this development we have been able to lo-
cate two permanent drifts which will crosscut
the strata and develop the 14 veins known to
exist on our property.
A wagon road from Fairfax to the mine has
been completed, and we now have on the
ground a water wheel, air compressor and
power drill, which will be In operation during
the present month. We have a sawmill also
upon the ground which is being installed and
which will be In operation this month.
We are now drivinjr entries on the coal and
piliner the coal up ready for shipment in May.
RECENT PURCHASE.
"We have Just purchased 160 acres of coal
land, adjoining the property we are operating,
and which will be worked through the same
entries. The land Is covered with the finest
cf fir and cedar. This property belongs ex-
clusively to our Company and is a very valu-
able piece of land. Sincerely yours,
(Signed) C. W. THOMPSON, President
I KEEP ABREAST OF THE TIMES.
There is Indisputable eyldence that an era
of great prosperity is dawning for the Pacific
Coast Representatives of rich Eastern syn-
dicates are traveling the length and breadth
of the Coast for the purpose of determining Its
resources In the base minerals euch as cop-
per, iron and coking coal. These representa-
tives have suceeded beyond their most san-
guine expectations, as the following extract
from the New York Commercial will testify:
"For several months past representatives of
strong New York syndicates have been looking
over the Pacific Coast from Mexico to Alaska,
examining In the most critical and thorough
manner the iron and coking coal deposits in
order to determine the possibility of establish-
ing furnacf-s, rolling mills, plate and structural
works on Puget Sound. Doubt was expressed
by Eastern associates regarding the ability to
find iron and coal in sufficient quantity and
of the right quality for a large plant. But
that doubt Is i now dispelled. They have se-
cured the Fan Ysidro iron mines in Lower
California, where expert examination shows
20,000,000 tons of ore cropping above ground.
They have found large iron deposits in Wash-
ington, British Columbia and Alaska, all with-
in easy distance of tidewater. They have been
equally successful in locating coking coal in
large quantities, accessible to tidewater and
cheap transportation. This coal makes coke
equal to that produced at Connellsville, Pa.
These coal fiel'is are in the vicinity of Seattle
and Tacoma, and a number of mines have in-
stalled plants and. are supplying coke .to Bmelt-
ers and foundries. The New Yorkers have dis-
covered that they can produce pigiron and steel
billets as cheaply on Puget Sound as they are
produced in Pittsburg or Birmingham, and have
as profit the $12 per ton charged for trans-
portation across the continent. The consump-
tion of Iron on the Pacific Coast Is 1000 tons a
day, with Increasing demand. The Orient also
affords a great market It is the purpose of
the New York syndicate to build a plant wtth
a present capacity of 1000 tons daily. They
look upon the Pacific Coast as the greatest un-
occupied iron field in the world, where trusts
or combinations cut no figure and large profits
are permanently assured. They anticipate the
beginning of the foundation for the furnace
plant within sixty days,. and will push it to
early completion. They are receiving great en-
couragement from foundry and shipbuilding
people all over the Coast, who assure them
unbounded success."
The above Is one of many signs of time/ all
of which go to show the enormous develop-
ment assured the Pacific Coast . within the
next few years. It Is for the reader to deter-
mine whether or not he shall share largely In
this prosperity or whether he shall plod along
In the same old rut. It is our candid opinion,
and that opinion is shared by 500 people who
hold its stock, that the Montezuma Mining
Company will make more money for its share-
holders (the present low price of the stock
considered) than any other company on the
Coast The mines are rich In copper and cok-
ing coal, and have only to be developed to
become great dividend payers. The co-opera-
tive principle adopted by the Company makes
It possible for anybody to share In the profits.
EXCURSION TO THE MINES.
We are glad to show the Montezuma prop-
erties, and that we may do so are organizing
an excursion to Puget Sound and the mines
which will leave San Francisco June 15 in a
epeclal train of first-class Pullman cars. Fare
for the round trip, including sleeper, $40, or
free transportation to the purchaser of 3000
shares of stock for cash or on installments.
Ask for excursion folder.
PRICE OF THE STOCK.
Montezuma stock (par value $1) may be had
during all of "Presidential Week" for 10c cash
or 12c on installments. We invite visitors and
others to examine specimens of copper ore,
coal and coke at our offices. Ask for pros-
pectus.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
COMPANY, Financial Agents,
310 Safe Deposit Building,
Cor. California and Montgomery ets.
Ean Francisco, Cal. i Telephone Main ESOS.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishingto marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st.
ALL contemplating . matrimony send 10 cents
for "The Wedding Bell." 18 Mason st.
MATTRESSES AXI) UrHOLSTEB. V.
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned; expert carpet cleaning; strictly rell-
able. HOPKE -BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything!
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AS I am retiring from business I offer a $1000
burglar proof safe for $350 and a fine piano
for $30. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
I AM retiring from business; bargains In dia-
monds, watches, Jewelry; goods at your own
prices; take your choice. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave.
CHICKS, with or -without hens, 10c each; thor-
oughbred hatching" eggs, $1 per setting and
upward. Ingleside Poultry Yards, 807 Mount
Vernon ave. .
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out; different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Montgomy.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
OLD lumber, $6 per thousand: all kinds. J.
REYNOLDS, dismantler of buildings, Perry
st, between Fourth and Fifth.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGS-
TON, 558 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought,
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE,
616 Mission st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
CHOICE litter Angora kittens, pedigreed; rea-
sonable. Presidio Cattery, 3313 Clay st.
A FINE Chinese fur for sale at 1033 Union st.
FOR sale — New hexagonal aquarium with foun-
tain; 3 feet in diameter. 1310 Valencia st.
THOROUGHBRED young runts. Giant Pigeon
Lofts, 276 Ninth St., Oakland.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A NO. 1 fresh young cow; calf, 3 days; milks 20
quarts daily; gentle. &3 Shotwell st.
1000 YARDS of redwood garland to sell to dec-
orators and stores.. 532 Valencia; tel. Capp 573.
HOUSE for sale to be torn down. 420 Ellis st.
Apply to HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
CHOICE runts, runt crosses, white homers;
prices reasonable. 2041 Linden St., Oakland.
THOROUGHBRED water spaniel pups, 144
Flood ave., Sunny.side.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. *. :
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
COMPANY wanted to sink on land adjoining
upper part of Kern County in oil belt for
one-fifth. Apply to W. M. STANSBURY.
Saita Rosa, Cal.
W^ILL exchange 6 months' course of bookkeep-
ing, shorthand and typewriting for a bicycle,
etc. 2906 Sixteenth St., near Howard.
WANTED— 2 steam tugs, size from 65 to 75 feet
long; either will purchase or charter them.
Address Tugs, box 3618, Call office.
WANTED — Gasoline engine, 3 to 5 horsepower;
state price. Box 4171, Call office.
WANTED— A Smith ¦& Wesson 3S; good condi-
tion; fair price. "Cash,", box 3617, Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2522. ,
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market st
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor,
t Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN/ 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold,, silver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without lndorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, 309 Phelan bldg.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 4.1 California.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott building.
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2. .
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
inrtnrper MO'PT»'pyr.iL 609 Examiner bulldlne.
MONEY WANTED.
AN excellent opportunity is offered for -parties
with capital to earn a good income on safe
• investment. 118 Phelan building.
WANTED— $6000 at 6 per cent on ample secur-
ity; short or long term. 118 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65 2 Chlckerings (like
1 Heine baby grand new) $200
(like new) $325 2 Helnes $315 up
1 Steinway K $185 1 Hallet-Davls .....$465
And fifty others; rents $2 Up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence, including Hallet-Davis, Indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50.000 In use in most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co., 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
8 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 pel-
month;' some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE*S piano .store from
Market st to our large and elegant quarters,
314 Post st, opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old Btock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post St., between Stock-
ton and Powell. . ¦> "¦
AT BYRON MAUZY'S. 308 POST ST. .
You ai* Invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing ¦ piano attachment;
can be put in any piano; also to Inspect our
piano factory and eee how a piano Is made.
Agent Sohmer, Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Ham-
ilton. Splelmann pianos. . .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . • ¦ '
A LIST of flne second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. *75. $125, $145, eta : easy payments.
BEN J. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chickering, Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market st, an-
other lot of pianos put on sale;. uprights. $35,
$65, $100; also very small flne . baby grand;
great bargains, at auction prices. - .
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS-— Con. .
FROM no-w until' June 1 we will have a' gen-
ulne cash clearance sale of -pianos. Custom-
ers can get 'the best . bargains In the city
- from us during this sale. Read our display
"ad" in the Bulletin. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS, 769 Market St.. olty. - ¦ ¦¦ .
A~SECOND-HAND upright piano in good con-
dition, $50; extra bargains in new pianos
during •celebration week. DEWING; CO.,
.Flood building. . ¦ - : ',
FINE high-grade upright piano, sacrificed on
account of death. ' 219 Leavenworth st, near
Eddy. '
A— $400- UPRIGHT grand, new, for almost
half. 216 McAllister St. ¦
HAVE sold 1 piano; have another excellent up-
right at big bargain. J. H. Kllgo. 846 Mission.
LUDWIG pianos the mobt popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO., general agents, 933 Market st ...
* FOR sale-r-Silver-plated Boston cornet cheap'.
29 Twenty-eighth at ¦ '
KRANICH & BACH pianos, musicians' delight.
Bole agency BRUENN, 208 Post st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 660 Hayes St. •
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary St., room 38. ¦" . ¦ . -
'a SMALL Chickering upright, $125; 6 uprights,
second-handed; your choice at $110. ¦ 217 Geary.
$45 UPRIGHT. $125 Knabe, $135 Steinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory, 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market st, you
can get storage pianos almost for a -song.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
' MUSIC BOXES.
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 15
years; fine Swiss an.? American music boxes
a specialty. 769 Market St., bet. 3d and 4th,
south side: thoroughly understands his busi-
ness and the right party to deal with..
offices' and^ stores to let.
TO rent or lease — Second floor, 620 itarket St.,
opposite Palace- Hotel; Al business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT, 623 Market st.
CORNER Market and Guerrero, large store;
fine location for drug store, liquor or other
business; living rooms; $21. \^^^
BAKERY with oven: 4 living rooms; good loca-
tlon. Apply 1009 Guerrero st. __^
LIGHT, stinny offices $15 to $20. Emma Spreck-
pla huHding. S27 Market st.
OIL.
I MUST INVEST $18,000
in, California oil shares for young Eastern
capitalist; I have strongly advised him to
wait; no use. he insists: he wants stock in
• about four of the newer companies on the
younger fields and three or four In the older.
He asks about a dozen questions' of oil com-
panies for his Investment, easy and legiti-
mate. Send self-addressed stamped envelope
for these auestlons. All matters confidential.
Am a visitor. Return East .Tune 1. This Is
• square. Address P. O. Lock Box 2068.
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per share, will make you
rich: you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
anteed by S. F. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust Co.; send for
prospectus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
ment Co.. 326 Pest st. (
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company:
. operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office, 23 and 24 : Merchants' Ex.
v
IF you have an oil, mining or other proposi-
tion to float call or address The National In-
vestment Co., 222-223 Parrott building, S. F.
LIVE orcanlzers can secure oil lands without
cash. Call "NOW," 36 Geary St., room P.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order> all
sizes: rln-an.1 K. P. WTTTTF. K1* Mission st.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lan^.J
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON, 301 Examiner building.
FOR sale or lease— Twenty acres proven land,
. adjoining San Joaquin Oil Co., In Kern River
district. If you have money and are ready to
go to drilling see S. T. ALLEN, 474 Parrott
building, S. F.
£ OIL STOCK.
EXCHANGE for oil stock — Improved or unim-
proved real estate to exchange for good oil
stock; state price and company. Address box
2234 Call office, Oakland. ' ¦ ' s
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered,
$8 uti. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open even.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist, 615
Taylor st, bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 661.
MME.GERMAINE, the business palmist of the
Pacific Coast. 90C Market st.
Mrs. Lamb. scientific palmist and character read-
lng; lessons In class and private. 204 Ellis, r. 18.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
THE Star~Halr Remedy is the only preparation
¦ which restores the natural color to gray and
faded hair, cures dandruff, stops falling and
grows new hair. Not a dye; no stain to scalp
or linen; clean and pleasant to use;, makes
the hair soft and glossy; sold by druggists
and hairdressers, or by The Star Remedy
Company, 385 and 337 Geary st.
BEST on earth— Blood poison, itching, skin
diseases, rheumatism, plies, catarrh any dis-
ease that Soctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co., permanently
located 628 Montgomery et., room 22/ third
floor. DRS. KINO and JONES.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
shade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Sutter St. , ' • ¦
ALL hair and scalp diseases successfully
treated; falling hair and dandruff cured; hair
grown on bald heads; gray restored to natural
color; halrdresslng, shampooing and mani-
curing. MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, 34 Kearny St.
and 47 Post; formerly at St. Ann's building.
NOTICE — TORMEY, May 10, / 1901.— From this
date I will not be responsible for any debts
contracted by my' wife; Mrs. M. Suva of
Pinole, she having left my bed and board
without- Just cause or provocation.
, j MANUEL F. SILVA.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
' on DR. G. S. MOORE, 4S8 Geary st, and you
will not be disappointed; thla remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
WANTED— To know the whereabouts of CARL
JOHAN NELSON, born at Falkenberg, Kal-
mar, Sweden. His sister would like to have
any Information concerning him. 69 Pond St.,
San Francisco, Cal. ¦ -
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to get
. well: without knife, drugs or worthless instru-
. ments; scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pathlc Co., 1382 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
YOUNG ' man of culture and refinement a
stranger here, wishes to correspond with a
young lady of sociable disposition, age 20.'
Address C. W. TUTTLE, care Y. M. C. A.
YOUNG Swedish mechanic, educated and of
good habits, is desirous to form the acquaint-
ance of young lady; object matrimony. Ad-
dress box 4166. Call office. v ¦ , . .
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and .wrinkled on
one side of face, the other made smooth and
youthful; hundreds are astonished. New York
i Institute Dermatology, 105 Ellis st. San Fran.
CIGARETTE and ' tobacco habit cured at
I home; $5; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine. oDlum, -all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1839 Polk St., San Francisco.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; flne dress suits. $20 up;, ele-
gant overcoats. $16 -up. LEON LEMQS. 1117
Market st,. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC* light in' every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to-$l 50 per night; $1 B0 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry,
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale, also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres;, dealer In
carpet twine,- In hank-cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
no knife, plaster or pain; book and- testi-
monials mailed free. , Cancer Institute. 121
. West Forty-second st. N.Y. . ... ¦
SHOULD FRANK HARRIGAN see this let
him write to his mother, JANE HARRIGAN,
now living at 201-Putnam ave., Detroit. Mich.
LADIES' and gents' shampooing, manicuring
and hairdresslng; also expert massage treat-
ment. The Superior, suite 69, 14 McAllister.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. • 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway. ,
GENTLEMAN desires the acquaintance of a
lady;, object matrimony. .. - Box 4124, • Call.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; '.dress pants.' . $2 50.
. . Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
_ _ _ PEMiM^g~£ojBitoncd.^'_ _
SCHOOL to learn halrdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. < MISS A. .V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
Dr. Dun ton; diseases of men only; sanitarium
.659 Clay st, cor.- Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic';, office, 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth:
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. . RAY, 357 Jessie st.
Dr. Harriett Welch. 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis: 17 years' exper."
OLD gold/'silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st. . >
Ladies' and gants' cast-off clothing bought and
1 sold. J. Silverman, 984 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER. 20 Mont'gy— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken, $l;guar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian 'Henna; restores gray
. hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIHS EATON, 1119 Sutter St.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; til druggists.-
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
¦ Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada i ne year for $1.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C.C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICNIC SUPPLIES ¦ - " _'__''•
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29 Market Bt, for finest wines and
liquors: biggest house: open Sundays. '.
-_^_j j y_'j. _¦..__:: -..jpiLjEs- ' , _;_'_'._ . f
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst; many who . have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference ; no chloroform,
Burgery or delay - from ! business, . and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box 1950, Call office, S. F.,' Cal.
PILES— PETER FREILING r S pile salve, $1 per
¦ box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding piles
without fall, no matter of how long standlrg.
1628 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
'PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Income property south of Market;
$2000 to $10.000. Box 3665. Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
FOR SALE BY-
>-;>: BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
.»Vr^ SPLENDID BUY. • .
*2«.eW Rent $185
Corner property, store, and floor abave, close
to Fourth and. Market sts. ; by investing $15,-
500 cash will pay 10 per cent clear.
SEE THIS TO-DAY.
¦- Brick Business Property.
* 8 5.000 Rent $475 a month
Not fai? from Union Square; large lot, 55x125
i°t,^ ap 8treet : 4-story and basement brick
building; under graded lease $500 a month from
next October.
. ¦ . HERE'S A BARGAIN.
$18,500, reduced from $19,500 Rent $135
Elegant W. A. business corner; large lot and
well built 8-story building of stores and four
flats; building alone cost the money.
SNAP ON GEARY STREET.
*5650 Rent $55
Geary st.. close to Hamilton Square; big lot,
28x125; 2 frontages; well improved.
1 GILT-EDGED CORNER. V
$30,000.... Turk st, near Market
\ Large lot; pay fine income if Improved.
TO CLOSE ESTATE.
$11,000 ..".... Rent $70
Bargain on Howard st., only 75 feet from
Sixth; store and 2 floors above; must be sold
this week.
MARKET ST., NEAR SIXTH.
$8850— Back half of Market st. lot; well Im-
proved; pays over 5 per cent net.
CHEAP RESIDENCE.
$6000— Worth $7000; 2-story residence of 8
rooms and bath on Devisadero st.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS HOME.
$5250 for that grand 2-story residence of ¦ 10
rooms and bath on Walnut St., near Jackson.
HERE IS A SACRIFICE.
$3800— Reduced from $5000; rent $31: formerly
rented at $50; 2 fine flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath and 27:6 foot lot; on Pine st, near
business part of Fillmore sf-
. BURNHAM & MARSH. 20 Montgomery st"
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
Real Estate Agents.
. Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market st.
1 $40, COO— Large corner on Geary st', near' Tay-
lor; frame improvements: pays 6 per cent net.
$32.500— Lot 87:2%xl37:6 "feet on the north line
of Turk st., near Larkin; house of 9 rooms and
bath on property; this is a choice location for
flats. .
$32,500— Choice corner on Battery st, close to
California, with fine 2-story and basement brick
building on same; lot 29:10^x70 feet.
$25,000^ — Geary-st. downtown corner; good 3-
story building. rented to one tenant at $125 per
month, which can be increased.
$20,000— Fine corner in the Western Addition:
lot 87:6x87:6 feet, with 5 modern houses upon
same; rents $150 per month; always rented.
$15,000— Geary St.. not fax from Taylor; 2S
feet front; if property is '-.improved it would
pay well on the investment. -
$12.500— Page st, near Market: 2 nice flats of
7 and 8 rooms and bath; lot 27x120 feet; rents
$80 per month.
$12,000— Hayes st, near Buchanan; 2 flats on
Hayes Bt. and 2 on Linden ave.; lot 27:6x120
feet; rents ?90 per month.
$10,000— Post sti, near Taylor; 3 flats; well
rented; 2 frontages. •
$10,000— Lot and improvements on Post st..
close to Taylor; lot 20x60 feet through -to rear
street; tents low; by Improving same it could
be made to pay good interest.
$9000— Halght st., near Scott: lot 25x137:6 feet:
3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $65
per month. . ¦
$6700— Scott st, near O'Farrell; nice pair of
t flats and rear cottage; lot 25x90 feet; rents
" ,$52 50 per month. • . •
$6500— Nice residence of 8 rooms and bath on
Scott St., opposite Duboce Park; lot 25x112
feet; in good condition. » *«
$5500 — Eddy st., near Buchanan: 3 flats and a
cottage;. lot 25x120 feet through to Locust ave.;
street bltuminized and stone sidewalk.
. $4750— Nineteenth st, near Valencia; nice
house of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x80 feet; rents
for $25 per month; must be sold; make offer.
$3600— Two flats and rear cottage on Minna
st, between Sixth and Seventh; lot 25x75 feet;
rents $32 per month; always rented.
Further particulars of BOVEE. TOY &
SONNTAQ. , . ". , ¦ •
A. J. RICH & CO., Real Estate Agents, -
' ' , . 112 ' Montgomery st
$310,000— Magnificent 4-story brick building, one
block from Market St., having three
: frontages;, pays 7 per cent per an-
num net; all rented under guaranteed
• leases. •
$35,000 — Grand mansion; Jackson st. corner;
• fashionable neighborhood ; contains
1 .beautiful parlors, . reception hall, bil-
' Hard room, 9 bedrooms. 2 baths.
$32,000— Sutter st corner office building; not
. . ; o far from -Powell; fully, occupied by
professional men; income $2400 per an-
num. . - • ¦
$21,000— O'Farrell st; 3 flats; near Larkin; 9
. rooms and bath in each; renting for
$2100 per annum. ' • - '
$12,600— Pierce st. ; large, residence; lot 75X137:6;
¦- 7 beautiful grounds; marine view. .
' $8,750 — Elegant new residence; 10 rooms and
¦ • ¦ .bath; every modern convenience; Cen-
tral ave., one block from the Park.
$6,800— Fell* st. house; six rooms and bath
and two flats on rear street; lot 25x
¦ 120 feet; must be sold: a bargain.
' $8,000— Two flats, 6 and 7 rooms and bath:
.Webster st., near Ellis; pays 9 per
cent per annum u always occupied.
ij A.' J. RICH & CO., • 112 Montgomery st.
JOHN. PFORR, 403 Pine st. near Montgomery.
$10,000— Five cottages and lot 100 feet front by
82:6 feet depth: on Eddy st, near Scott.
$5750— Rents . $535 per annum; a fine 3-story
house, store and 2 flats upstairs; on Geary st,
near Flllmore..- • ¦ • -. ; .
$2250— Rent $276 per annum: 2 two-story double
flat ' houses, i near Sixth and Bryant, of 4 and
p rooms per flat: a snap. • r?V
' $1600^ — A 2-story house; store and 6 rooms on
Point Lobos ave., near Central ave. ; a pick-up.
$11,000— Rent $1488 per annum: a corner prop-
erty In the business part of the city.
$5000— A fine double flat opposite Golden Gate
Park and Stanyan st; rent $45 per month.
$8000— Rents $744 per annum; 4 flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath at the entrance to Panhandle
$22,60O^-Rent $1380'per annum: 1 on McAllister
st near Laguna; 6Exl2O to rear street. ' ¦ .
$24OO^Rent-$18O; Eighteenth St.. near Dolores.
$4800— Make offer; rent $385 per annum; 2 fine
flats on FolBom st. nr. Fourth; always rented.'
WAKE UP AND STUDY YOUR INTEREST.
«249o New «-room house on Hoffman ave.,~
near Twenty-third . st, Heyman Tract; now
building and nearly finished; terminus of Twen-
ty- fourth-st. electric cars; easy • terms; rent
money will pay for it, and inlO years you will
have saved $2490 instead of, giving it to the
landlord; 1 1 1 have made over 500 people happy
with homes, and am still continuing. -JACOB
HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st. '
. $930— 4-ROOM house, near Cortland ave. and
school house; easy terms. . ¦
- .Ocean Boulevard lots on easy terms,- front-
• ing the boulevard; Btreet work done. ¦ •
¦, Lots in the Heyman Tract; streets graded
and sawered; from $150 to $800; easy terms. \
Parlf lots opposite the Music Stand;' from
; $100 to $650; easy. terms. *a •-¦¦ •
JACOB HEYMAN.. ¦
- • . - 117 . Sutter st. ..
REAL ESTATE— .CITY— -FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
* . Real Estate Agents, , ;. .
- \ ¦ ¦ 14 Montgomery st
$25,000— Rents $2112 per anuumj Paclflc-st in-
vestment;- 2 houses of 7 rooms each;
cottage and 6 flats; 91:3x137:6. ..
$18,000— East-st business .property; old Im-
provements rent nominal at $80 per
month; lot 25 feet front '¦¦'¦' . "
$13,500— Rents $1564 per annum; Paclflc-st. store
and upper of 16 rooms and 4 flats; lot
- »¦ ' 60 feet front. - - - . . .
• $7,700— Grove et. : 7 flats; rents $954 per an-
' . • num; 25x120. . ¦ - . '
$7,600— Hayes st, near Flllmore; 2 flats, 7, 8
;- "rooms and bath each; rents $50. .
$6,500— Third st, near Harrison; present rents
"$348 per annum.. .' ... .
$6,500 — Clayton st u 2-story, attic and basement
residence of 11 rooms and bath; 25x112:6.
$6 500—2 good flats on Devisadero st, close to
Halght; rents $504 per annum; 25x100.
$5,500— Montgomery st.; near Pacific; store and
" '" flats; rents $579 per annum.
$1,750— Henry-st. cottage, with stable; 25x100.
Choice list of building lots In all parts of
the city at prices to suit. T
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
, ' - * - . * 14 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG. ~
. .; - 114 Montgomery Street ;
$45,000— Fine business corner; north of Market
st; not far from town; new lmprove-
v ments; all rented: stores and • roomlng-
¦ house above; pays nearly- $300 per
month; offer wanted.
JlO.OOO-Corner of Fillmore and "Page sts.; 63x
120; fine place for flats.
$3750— Lot 45 feet front, good depth; sunny side
of O'Farrell st. ; improvements, 3 houses
renting for $40. •
$9500— Rents $97 50; 3 handsome new flats of
6 rooms and bath; extra large lot; best
sun and light possible in flats; best por-
tion of Panhandle district; offer wanted.
$725&r-Rent $67 50; 2 brand new flats, 6 and 7
rooms, bath; etc.; large lot; Park Pan-
handle district; splendid district; will
always be rented.
$4700 — New bay-window residence of 7 rooms,
bath, etc.; finished in good taste; in the
. latesrstyle; easy terms if desired; Park
Panhandle district; best home for the
( money in the city.
$9000 — Fine two-story residence: commanding
• . grand marine view; 8 rooms; with base-
ment containing laundry; almost brand
new; on sunny side of the street: extra
large lot, 30x137:6; rented for $62; a
beautiful home in a fashionable district;
close to Fillmore st.
$20,000— Splendid corner investment on Sutter
st; extra large lot, 85x90; present renta
$150; could be Increased by small ex-
penditure of money; improvements good
and substantial.
$46C0— Rent $48; Broadway, near Leavenworth-,
3 new flats; always rented; in good con-
dition; an excellent Income proposition.
$10,500— Expensively built flats; sunny side of
Page st: 2 exceptionally finished flats;
always rented; cost over $10,000 to build.
$6500— Offer wanted; rent $58; near Guerrero
and Fourteenth sts.; 3 fiats 5 5 6
rooms; lot 25x100.
LYON & HOAG,
' 114 Montgomery st,
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
$1300— 8-room house on Union st. ; terms half
cash.
$1500— 5-room cottage near Buchanan st.
$1600— 7-room house on Broadway; a snap.
$2200—3 flats near Mason and Sutter sts •
rents $21.
$2500— Store and '4 rear living rooms on Mis-
sion st. - •
$2400— 5-room cottage, half a block from Ninth
and Market sts.
$3250— 7-room house on Leavenworth st; very
cheap. ,
$3600— Store with rear rooms and flat above •
reduced from $4500 to make sale; near Eddy st
$7500—4 brand-new flats; air rented, $72; east
of Van Ness ave.
$10,000— Store and 2 elegant flats;' pays about
7 per cent net.
$17,500—2 stores' and Z. flats; no vacancy In 8
years; rents $107; lot 50-foot front.
$18,500— Grand investment; modern Improve-
ments; lot 70- foot front; near Taylor St.; rents
$170; all rented. ' ,..-.¦¦_
$18,000— Howard . st, downtown; fine 4-story
building, with basement; rents $125.
$25,000— Greatest bargain in city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building; all rented and
pays positively over 8 ,per cent net; within a
few blocks of Chronicle..
$33,000— New improvements; rents x $245: 50
feet front ; close to Sutter and Leavenworth sts
$36,000— Mission st. ; 70-foot frontage ; down-
town district . ¦ .- • ¦ - . .' • ,
$8O,0CO— Van Ness-ave. corner; 120 feet Van
Ness ave.; 3 frontages; choicest on the avenue;
prospective investors, see this.
$75,000— Corner, block from Powell and Ellis:
2 stores and 2 lodging-houses; never vacant; 60
feet frontage; no property like this on the mar-
ket any more; rent about $400.
$55,000— Post-st. corner, downtown; splendid
building;- 60 feet front; paying 6 per cent net.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667. Market St.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc )
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED. .
$12,000— Union St., near Taylor; 25:9x128:9; 3
modern flats and rear house; rents $99 50 ¦
$8250— McAllister St., near Steiner: 26:6x110;
house of 7 rooms and bath.
$8000— Pacific, near Powell; 40x60; store and 3
flats; rents $69. • -
$7000— Folsom st, near Fourth; store and flat-
rent $C5; 25x80.
$6750— Vallejo, near Laguna: 22:10x87:6; house
of 11 rooms and bath; rent $45.
. $5500— Buchanan st., near Post; 24x87:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$5125— Post st. near Baker; 25x137:6; 2 flats:
rents ?37.
$5000— Corner Leavenworth and Broadway
cottage and 2 flats; rent $41.
$4500— Pine St., near Buchanan; 25x110; house
of 7 rooirs.'
$3300— Harriet st., near Bryant; 25x75; 3-story
building; rents $40.
$3850 — California St., near First ave.; 24x63;
house of 8 rooms and bath.
$3750— Jones st, near Vallejo; 45:10x58:9; four
flats ; rents $40 50.
$3350 — Clementina st, near Sixth; 20xSO; house
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
UNIMPROVED.
$13,000— Union, near Mason; 93:6x137:6.
$5500— Greenwich st, near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$4800— Union St., near Webster; 68:9x137:6.
$3500— Fulton St., near 'Fillmore: 32:6x137:8.
$3000 — Laguna St., near Page; 25x100.
$2500— Cor. Thirtieth and Dolores: 26:6x100.
$1250 . each— Dolores, near 30th: 25x100; 2 lots.
$1000— Emma st, near 14th; 25x90. ..
$650— Lake, near 13th ave.: 80x72.'
WRIGHT & EWELL,
. Real Estate Agents. General Brokers.
316 Montgomery Street
$135,000— Ellis St.. within the artery Just off
. -Market* st; retail section; high-class
investment. ' . /
$125,000— Fine wholesale Investment: Market st,
;¦ ;. ¦ near water front: 6-story brick bulld-
; Ins; leased.
$7,500—2 lots, each 25:6x97; first lot 3 flats,
: rents $54 per month: adjoining lot va-
cant; corner Noe and Henry sts. i
$27,500— Elegant residence - in Western Addl-
. tlon; everything modern; large lot; will
¦ sell or rent.
$15,000 — Fine comer lot and residence on
Broadway; 13 rooms. .
$17,500— Good modern flats on California st.
near Broderick St.; well rented.
$20.000— Beautiful- modern home on Pacific
ave.; unsurpassed marine view; 12
rooms and 3 baths; a rare bargain.
We have also a long list of choice proper-
ties, which we would be glad to submit
SUNNYSIDE. . ¦:,':-¦ ¦ * ' >
$700— Cottage of 4 rooms; this property will be
sold for- mortgage; no payment down;
$9 SO per month. •
$1350— New modern" cottage of 5 rooms; grand
j view; worth $2000;, must be sold; terms
to suit \ • "¦..,.
$1250 — Desirable house of' 6 rooms; this prop-
. . erty will be sold for mortgage; any. rea-
' aonable cash payment,, balance same as
rent. -
¦i r .." .-, INGLESIDE.
$1800— Modern house of 6 rooms and bath; fine
view 41 ocean; free water; Faxton ave.'
$6000— Beautiful -modern residence of 8 rooms
. '¦ and bath; conservatory, stable and other
, . .buildings; lawn, .flowers and shrubbery;
¦ lot '100x122:6 feet; small payment down,
balance^ monthly. )
A. E. RUDELL. 223 Sansome «t., room 2,
first floor.
$5000— A VERY attractive investment: t good
flats close to Devisadero st, on Pine; the'
buildings are in good order and well
rented.
$2750— Must be sold at once; pays $25 per monthr
2 good flats south of Market St., on Perry,
near Fourth.
$2300— Pacific st., near Mason; offer wanted.
$2300— A homelike, cozy cottage, finely finished,
. on Fourteenth ave., near Clement st;
. can arrange easy terms.
$550— On the boulevard, directly facing the
ocean; cost $800; this lot can be bought
at a bargain, as .the owner has to leave
the city at once. •'..¦»
. McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$16.000— AN elegant corner residence on Broad-
way; fine marine view; 12 rooms.
$4000— A modern* residence of. 7 rooms; at the
- Park ; any kind Of terms. .
$8750— Three new flats; rent $83. '
$5300— Corner Laguna st; 90x137:6.
- $2500- ; -Golden Gate ave.. near Central; 50x100.
$3250— Page st; large lot: 27:6x137:6.
.' $4250— Masonic .ave., near Waller st": -50x106.
. JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
$6000— HOUSE of 2 flats, bay-windows, bath.
4 rooms each: desirable location: opposite
..park. 1911 Geary st.; rents $43.
MUST be sold, cottage 7 rooms, bath, , 4131
Twenty-fourth st, near Castro; $2500; $1000
. cash.'- : , ..¦.¦ .
$5200 AND up;' only 3 left: 7 sold up to date;
well built and complete in every detail: con-
tains 10 finished rooms; all sunny and hand-
'. somely decorated; -choice - locality: city and
marine view; 1518 Masonic ave., 1 block south
: of Frederick st. : see them before going else-
where. C. ZWIERLEIN. builder. • . . .
REAL ESTATK CITT— FOR g*JJU
GROVE-STREET RESIDENCE.
- - Near Laguna st. ; 2-story bay-window hoOMh
S rooms and bath; large lot; price $4350.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery*
LOTS ON DOLORES STREET.
Four lots on Dolores st. near Twentieth; only
$75 a front foot; street macadamized; splendid
chance, for builders; very desirable for a hom«
or flats; only $75 a front foot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
COTTAGE ON CHURCH STREET.
.Price only $1750; bank mortgage $900 con re-
main; contains 3 rooms; lot 25x80.
i. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
BAKER-STREET HOMeT" ~
Near Post st. ; 2-story house of 6 room*; tot
25x100; street work done; price $3000.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
PARK COTTAGE.
Near Oak st and looking Into Golden Oat*
Park: 6 rooms, bath and basement: lot IZx
106:3; cement sidewalk; bltuminized street:
price only $3500, no less; lot alone worth the
money.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 . Montgomery.
PRICE $6500; RENTS $62 50.
Sold to close an estate; 3 flats: well located:
close to Larkin and Jackson sts.; pays bis 1**
terest; always rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SMALL HOME— CHEAP.
Price $1300; only $350 cash . required, balance
can be paid at rate of $12 per month: cottag*
of 4 rooms and unfinished basement; 153 Cof-
bett road; take Eighteenth-st electric cart.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
FLATS FOR INCOME^
Pay $30 50 per month; price $5200; lot 18xW:
4 separate flats; Woodward ave.. near Mission
arid Fourteenth sts. !
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MAKE YOUR OWN TERMS.
Buchanan-st. residence, near Vallejo; con-
tains 8 rooms, bath, etc.; price $6300.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
INVESTMENT— MODERN FLATS. 7
Rents $S0O per year; 2 modern up-to-date flats:
finished attic, etc. ; 6 and 9 rooms and batb
each; lot 25x110: always rented; only 2 ye«ra
old; swell neighborhood In Western Addition;
price $8150.
BALDWIN. & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
I BAKER STREET— TWO FLATS.
Near California st.: rents $41 50 per month:
contain u and 6 rooms and bath; street bltu-
minized; cement sidewalk; price moat reason-
able; only $5000.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
RENTS $18C0 PER ANNUM. *
Price $16,000: only $6000 cash required: bank
mortgage of $10,000 at 6 per cent can remain :
pays 1 per cent net per month: substantial 3-
story and basement bay-window building of t
stories, with 56 rooms above; used as a hotel;
lot 50:9x137:6; vicinity of Montgomery and Jack-
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
INCOME PROPERTY! ~
Price $40CO; rents $42 per month; lot 25x90;
2 substantial frame houses; always rented;
Bryant st, near Second.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
FORECLOSURE SALE*
Asking $3SC0; rents $33 per month; make us
an offer; 4 separate flats of 4 rooms each; lot
28:7%xl22:6; only one-half block from Foliom
and Fourteenth sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MADISON & BURKE.
Established January, l$5i
Real Estate Agents.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
626 Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel.
Geary-st., inside Larkin; 50x137:6; partial!/
improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the)
street.
$3000— Beautiful 7-room house, near Eigh-
teenth and Castro sts.; must sell on account
of sickness; lot 25x100; bouse in best condition.
$2500 — Offer wanted: brick Improvements an«J
lot; Clementina St., near First; lot 25x75; $1009
mortgage can remain. . • . .¦
Cheap— O'Farrell st, near Devisadero; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $25;
only $2900.
$5500^ — Broadway, near Octavla St.: 7 rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
26x131.
$45C0— Twentieth st, near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable; lot 23x114.
$15,000 — Beautiful modern house In the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$2500— Twenty-flfth st.. near Sanchez; S rooms
and bath.
$5000— Post st., near Baker; lot and Improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25xlV7:s; must be sold to
close estate.
$6500 — Pine st., near Scott; two flats; renta
$57 50; lot 25x137:6.
Laundry building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 16Sxl20, on north line
of Lombard st, between Fillmore and Steiner;
also lot 132x120 on Chestnut st. In rear; rents
$73 per month; must be sold on account of non-
residence.
$10,500 — Fine vacant property; lot 37:8x90. with
two corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.; Just
the place for a grocery.
$3600— Cheap; Sixth st, near Brannan: 2 flats;
there is a good future for this property.
$70C0— Harriet St.. near Howard; lot 50x73.
holding frontage to Sixth St.; rent $56. *
$1950— Florida st, near Twenty-flfth; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
> 108 Montgomery rt.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
House on N.W. corner; 9 rooms and bath;
sun in every room; finished basement; price
$7500.
RENTS $66. PRICE $6250.
House and flats on Vallejo St.; In good con-
dition; new plumbing, etc.; always rented;
large sunny lot, 43:9x137:6; on north side of
street.
FOLSOM-ST. PROPERTY.
6O-ft frontage, on the north side of Folaora
st.. between Seventh and Eighth; old improve-
ments bringing In a nominal rent; owner anx-
ious to sell; offer wanted.
INCOME PROPERTY.
Downtown flats, bringing in renta of $2130
yearly; price only $15,000; a safe, good buy.
. CAPP STREET.
Six-room cottage and bath In the warm belt,
price $3100; also 8-room cottage on Capp st,
near Eighteenth: 30- ft lot; price $4000.
IN THE MISSION.
On Twentieth St., near Mission; 9 rooms and
bath; could be turned into flats; price $4100.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
• Cheap corner lot, commanding marine view:
on Pacific ave.; near fine residences: price
$12,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST.
Shipley st, near Eighth; 4 flats; rent $40;
owner anxious to sell; price $3600.
- ! CHEAP COTTAGE.
Tweaty-seventh st. near Sanchez: 3 rooms
and basement; large lot: price only $1200.
GOUGH-ST. RESIDENCE.
Fine large residence on Gough st ; 14 rooms;
large lot t 57:6x137:6; a fine home; price $13,000.
RICHMOND HOME.
6-room house on Fifteenth ave.; very large
rooms; could be turned into flats; price $3350.
Send for list of cheap lots.
McAFEE BROTHERS, ¦
108 Montgomery it
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected, and Entire Charge Taken
. . of Property.
$15.000— Octavla st, near California; handsome
residence, 11 rooms; billiard-room and large
basement; large lot; eunny all day; sold to
close estate.
Old Pioneer Hall, on Montgomery st. corner
Gold, near Jackson; can be repaired for a few
thousand; will pay well; lot 39:6x137 and L 20x
40: rents last year were $1*0 per month. -
$6500 investment — O'Farrell, near Laguna;
rents $50; never vacant; see us about this.
$25CO— Cottage, 8 rooms; Tennessee st, near
Union Iron Works; rents steadily $20; a bar-
gain.
•$30fiO— Lot on south side Chestnut »t. west of
Hyde: 27:6x110: fine view of bay.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery rt.
NEW house. Just being finished; 5 rooms, bath-
room and large basement; a nice home; extra
. well built: good finish: marine view; east
side Tenth ave.. south from California st. ;
lot 25x120; only $2650. W. J. GUNN, 530 Cali-
fornia Bt
2 WELL-LOCATED lots; only $750 each: west
side Tenth ave., 188 feet north from Clement
. St.; 25x120 . each; marine view; elevated
ground: the cheapest lots In Richmond: ready
¦ -for building: street work done; a tew steps
from the electric cars; easy payments. $30
quarterly: these are the only lots now offered
in Richmond in installments; a splendid pur-
chase; they cost $1200 each: easy way to get
a home: you never- can get a chance like thie
again; fine way to save and make money.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California st
SUNNY corner lots always a good speculation,
$9000— 60x100; NE. ebr. Clay and Central av«.
$8000—40x82:6; NE. cor. Bush and Devisadero.
$9000— 60-ft. business lot;- Devisaderoi.
$8000— Elegant home, fully furnished: Halght.
THOMAS McMAHON. 238 Montgomery «t.
SELECT your lot anywhere; we will buy It
for you. erect a house to suit and sell It to
you on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. 646 • Market st.
$3730— DESIRABLE flats on RauSch st, oft
Howard, near New Postofflce; rented low at
$43 monthly: $17C0 can remain on mortgage.
Apply 21 Moss st. upstairs.
OFFER wanted^ — Northwest corner 23d and Do-
. lores sts.; splendid chance for investment:
will be sold at half Its real value. Send offer
to "Owner." 454 Ninth St.- Oakland.
$1750— GOOD bargain; cottage, 8 rooms, large
basement: lot 25x30; mortgage $900 can re-
main. NW. cor. Churph and Liberty st*.
NEW 6-room homes; Clipper St.. between
Church and Sanchez. H. FEIGE. builder,
¦'• 1024 Capp st.
6-ROOM houses Just completed, $2700; •mall
amount down, balance to suit; Elizabeth.
near Douglas. J. - ANDERSON, builder.
NEW 4 rooms and bath cottages. S3 and M
- Prospect ave.. Mission; easy terms. ¦
FOR sale — Well-constructed, modern residence,
8 rooms and bath. In a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 860 Mission st.
For Additional Classified Adda Set
Page Thirty-Four.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 12, 1901.
34
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 MARKET STREET.
POWELL-ST. CORNER; AT YOUR OWN
PK.ICE— Large fine corner; lot 34x67:6; large
brick building containing grocery; barber shop;
10 rooms, wine cellar, etc.; ground alone
worth more than price asked; price $S000.
ELEGANT PACIFIC- AVE. RESIDENCE;
MUST BE SOLD— Under foreclosure and must
be sold this week; best swell residence block;
can arrange any terms desired; 10. rooms and
bath; modern.
WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK, near Van
Ness ave.— Assessed $21,000; must be sold; no
reasonable offer refused; mortgage $15,000, can
remain; 2S fine level building lots; will sell
or trade at assessed value or for one-half of
what adjoining property sold for last month.
1 SNAP— SEE THIS AT ONCE
j Three modern flats on large sunny corner,
the finest in this portion of the city; 6, 6. 7
rooms and porcelain bath; interior beautifully
finished; large plate glass doors; tiled vesti-
bule, etc. This property will be sold abso-
lutely to highest bidder before Saturday, May
IS. All bids in writing accompanied by 10 per
cent deposit.
OX TOUR OWX TERMS; AT TOUR OWN
PRICE— Elegant modern cottage; will be fin-
ished in five days: 6 rooms and bath, porcelain
tub; tiled blrdseye maple mantel; dome ceil-
ings;., large basement, etc.; light and sunny;
large lot; price $2750.
MARKET-ST. LOT; MUST BE SOLD TO
CLOSE ESTATE— Large lot on Market st.;
forced on the market; ¦will be sold for one-
half value; speculators see this.
ASHBUKT HEIGHTS LOTS AT A SACRI-
FICE— Two fine lots, close to Park Panhandle;
adjacent to car lines and surrounded by new
end beautiful houses and flats; price I10C0
each.
SCOTT-ST. RESIDENCE— Handsome bay-
windowed residence of 8 rooms and bath; por-
celain bath, tiled mantels, etc.; bitumen street;
cement walk; can arranse terms; price $6000.
TWO FINE MISSION CORNER LOTS— Mis-
sion warm belt; street work all done; sewers,
etc; very cheap; N.W. Twenty-third and Bry-
ant fts.; 30x100: $3000: S.W. Twentieth and
Alabama sts.; 23X1O4; $2250.
. EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO.. "
638 Market Street.
Bargains *
Snaps'.
Foreclosures!
Estates!
All Must Be Sold!
All Must Be Sold!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TUESDAY. May ?Sth, 1901,
At 12 O'clock Xoon.
At Our Salesroom. 63S Market Street.
MARKET-ST. INVESTMENT— No. 1731 Mar-
ket st.. r.r. Brady St.; lot 3S:llxl24:6 ft.; im-
provements, stores and flats; sold by order
court; rare chance to secure a bargain.
BRYAXT-ST. INVESTMENT— Southeast side.
Xos. S47-49-51 Bryant St.. 53:6 southwest of
Boardinan place; 4 well-built flats of 3 rooms
each; always rented at $32 per month.
O'FARRELL-ST. CORNER— Northeast corner
L-uruna and O'Fan-ell sts.; 62:6x95 feet: elegant
northeast corner, situated in the best portion of
the Western Addition and a most desirable site
for flats, which would readily rent for high
rentals.
DOWNTOWN FLATS ON ELLIS ST.-North
»;de. Nee. 115C-58-60 Ellis st.. 175 feet east of
Octavia Bt. : 27:6xlS7:6 ft. : 3 elegant modern flats
of,S rooms and bath. Just finished; sunny side
etrVet. nothing finer In the city; rents $1740;
five minutes' walk , from Market and Kearny
streets.
FTTLTOX-ST. CORNER — Southwest cor. Bu-
chanan: S7:6xS4 feet; choice site, ready for
building; street bltuminized; cement sidewalk;
must be sold.
TWEXTIETH-ST. CORNER— Northwest cor-
ner. No. 3S74 20th st. and Lexington ave. (for-
merly Stevenson St.); Nos. 2S4-S6-8S Lexington
a ve. ; store and fist of 7 rooms and bath and 2
f.ats of 3 and 4 rooms; lot SOxSa feet; total
rents $7S per month; a fine business corner.
BRYANT-ST. LOT— Northwest side Bryant
ft.. K5 feet northeast of Ninth St.; 48x90 reet; a
fina let which, if properly improved, would pay
large interest en the money invested.
POINT LOBOS-AVE. CORNER— Southeast
comer cf Point Ix>bos ave. and Cook St.; 40x
12S f»«t: a fine business corner on the princi-
pal business street of Richmond.
P.ICirMOXD BUILDING LOTS— East side
Boyce St.. 75 feet north of St. Rose's st.; 50x120
ft.; fine site icr a home; must be sold.
~~ - ", • -
MISSION BCILDIXG LOTS-Soutb side "27th
Ft.; R0 ft. east Xoe Et.; 160x114 feet; sold to
close estate of Henry Cassanova.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO..
< / , 638 Market street.
W. F. AMBROSE (& CO..
Real Ej-tate Brokers.
41 and 42 Chronicle Building. '
WE ADVERTISE BARGAIXS ONLY.
$21.000— Beale. near Market; rent $1520 per
annum.
120.000— SSxSo; Howard, near Second; rent $90.
SSofW— ',0x75: Clementina, near Second; rent $50.
$"2f«— Teharaa, near First: 2 house*: rent $21.
$3730— Xatoma. near First; partly Improved;
ront $25.
S4W— Clementina, ftsar First; rent $39.
S?45(>— Cheap Mission flats; rent J20.
$2200— To close an estate; 27x105; modern cot-
tage, 5 roMns and bath; on car line;
bank mortgage $1700; offer wanted.
$25C0— Administrator's sale; 2 flats; 5 rooms
each: 2oxlC«; Eighteenth, near Castro-
make offer.
CHEAP LOTS. ;•>
trOOO— Butin^ss property: 33x125; Valencia et.;
fine location for stores and flats; bank
mortgage $2300, can remain.
J5C0— CollinCTrood, near Nineteenth: 27:6x105
SHOO— Church, near Eighteenth; 27xS8.
S1700— Folscm, near Eighteenth: 25x122:6.
$?ir.o— Steiner. near Waller: 25x91:6.
$2200— McAllister, near Baker; 2oxl37:6
S2000— Washington, near Cherry: 25x130
J3Q00— Thirteenth, near Market: 50x*J.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
41 and 42 Chronicle building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Realty aad rents both going up.
Secure a lot from us and be independent.
CX* to JSOO— Graded lots In Sunset District;
Fuperb view; selling rapidly; $10 monthly.
$350 to $750— Choicest Rlchmonds lots; $10
monthly.
$75. $100 to $350— Level Ocean Boulevard lots;
ell bargains; J5 monthly.
J7E. $100 to $2S0-Level lots near Mlsslon-st.
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
SSOO. J10CO to $3:00— Splendid cottages; remark-
ably cheap; choice locations; easy terms. ¦
Branch office. Ninth ave., near H St., Sunset.
SOL GETZ A BRO..
64 Chronicle Building.
FOR sale as a whole or in subdivisions; 50-
vara lot; eouth line Union st.; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pierce ets.. 103:6x137:6 feet. , Inaulre of
CHARLES C. BEMIsi Real Estate Broker!
S24 Montgomery «t. . .
A TRIP to Thistleton. 272 Sadowa st. Ocean
.View— On electric cars. £c; level lots $100 up-
cottage $800 up; chlck«n ranch and large lot.
hothouse, barn and small cottage, $G00; cheap-
est bargain In S. F.
FOR sale cheap, to be removed— Fine 3-story
bay-windowed residence. . 332 Geary et.
BARGAIX— That elegantly decorated now mOd-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole gt. ; open dally.
IT you have loU to tell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNS. E30 California st.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '.
rabecrlptioni hat been established at 109*
Valencia it $£*£§
4
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, . -
.218-220 Montgomery Street
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE. ¦
$35,000— View absolutely unobstructed, lncludlnf
view of Presidio.. Marln County hill!
. • and- Alcatraz -Island; main floor con-
- tains entrance hall and ¦ large sq.uar<
hall, library, dining-room, . music, oi
-. drawing-room; all the rooms very large
hardwood floors, handsome electric fix-
tures; main hall finished In Flemish
dining-room finished In oak and green
music-room In white enamel and , rose
library in mahogany and tobacco color
- • • second floor contains 4 ¦ large rooms, i
bath rooms, etc.; lot 60x127 :8V* ft.; per-
mit from office.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. - , '
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. . f
218-220 Montgomery, Street.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$ —Two good "flats on Webster St., neai
4 Washington: 5 and 6 rooms; lot 25 ft.
0 front: rents $42 50; mortgage $3000 at (
0 per cent can remain; $1000 cash will buj
0 this banrain.
MISSION BARGAIN
$4000— 22d St.. near Valencia; house of 7 rooms
and bath; lot 40 ft. front; 1 make an offer;
must be sold this week.
RICHMOND COTTAGE
$2000— Reducedrfrom $2250; Sixth ave., near Cali-
fornia st.; cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
• Just built; %M cash will, buy it; balance
easy.
SHAINWALD, . BUCKBEE & CO..
REAL KSTATE AGENTS,
218-220 Montgomery st.. Mills Building.
PRESDIO HEIGHTS CORNER LOT.
$3100— SE. corner, 32:6x63:10 feet, with unob-
structed view of Presidio and the bay; only
FINE RESIDENCE.
$9300— SW. corner Laguna and Green sts.; lot
25x100 feet: contains 10 rooms and baths; open
plumblnr, etc. . .
MISSION LOT.
JSOO— 27th St.. near Church; size of lot 26:Sxll4
feet; a bargain.
NEW BUILDING.
$40,OC0 — New 5-story and basement brick build-
ing, occupied by one tenant: rents $2S0O per an-
num: 15 years' lease; no expense to owner ex-
cept taxes and Insurance; will pay. over 6 per
cent net; terms }22.C00 cash and $18,000 mort-
: gage; splendid investment; safe as bonds.
SK>00 — Van Ness- ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contains 9 rooms and
bath; near Pacific ave.
$19,000— North side Broadway, with unob-
structed marine view; new modern residence: 7
bedrooms: 3 baths; modern in all respects; fin-
ished in natural woods; walls are tinted: lot
40x137:6 feet.
A MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
North side of Vallejo st., between Buchanan
and Webster; lot 40 feet front by 317:6 feet in
'depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths; house about 5 years oM; inspection
will prove this to be one cf the biggest bargains
in marine-view homes ever put on the market;
lot and improvements have been appraised by
competent brokers at over $15,000.
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7CC0— Rents $92 per month; south of Market
Et.. between Third and Fourth; call at our
office for full description.
<^ CORNER FLATS.
JSCOO — Corner of Buchanan at. ; modern flats;
renting for J64; lot 24xSl:3 feet.
• $3250— Florida St.. near Twenty-fifth; lot 27x
100 feet, with house of 2 flats; rents $27 50; you
can pay $500 cash, balance in monthly pay-
ment? of $36 65 or less If desired.
$2000— West line Church St., south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$15: modern; lot 23xlC0: a bargain.
JSOOO — Three modern fiats; Jackson St., near
Broderlck; rents $78 50; for sale at less than
cost.
$2750— Marine view; corner of Vallejo st.. near
Jones; 34:6 front: improvements rent for $21.
SHA1KWALD..BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st.. Mills building.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY — For Sale
G. H. UMBSEN' & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
Beautiful modern 10-room 2-story house on
Cascade* drive. Mill Valley, furnished;
commanding unsurpassed view; sacrifice
price will be made. • ¦- ;
$S00— 20 acres near Grass Valley, Nevada
County; 12 acres under cultivation;
fenced: good buildings. This Is a good,
cheap home.
$1200— l\i acres at Santa Clara; all under culti-
vation; 6 acres in full-bearing fruit trees
of good variety; large house In good con-
dition: well watered. An ideal Income
country home.
$475— 4Vi acres at Ben Lomond, Santa Cruz
County: all cleared; fruit trees, house
and barn. ¦¦¦
$2000—160 acres near Orovllle; 80 acres under
cultivation: all fenced; house, good barn,
3 outbuildings: 1S00 peach, pear, apple
and plum trees; well watered.
$2175—20 acres at Brentwood; 2000 almond trees;
small family orchard; good house, barn
and chicken-houses; well watered.
$6000—800 acres near Cloverdale, Sonoma County;
-^ 50, acres In wheat; 175 acres can be cultl-
. • . vated. This is a bank foreclosure and
will be' sold at the aboi'e price on easy
terms; good buildings.
$1200—15 acres near Yountvllle, Napa County;
all fenced; good buildings; well watered:
on county road. \
R. S. BROWNE, Manager Country Dep't.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City,
Sutter Co., short distance from Marysville; all
under cultivation: all rich valley land; few
beautiful live oak trees.; good buildings; well
watered and well fenct?<3: this land has been
producing profitably and Is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits: this will be sold
in whole or in part at a. very low price.
Also 140 acres, all undar cultivation; rich
valley land; good buildings; well fenced: short
distance from Yuba City, Sutter Co.; will be
Eold in whole or in part to suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price.
The two above pieces should be seen to be
appreciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for Information a bargain
will be given. R. D. BROWNE,
Manager Country Department.
A SPECIAL COUNTRY REAL ESTATE DE-
PARTMENT.
Alameda County, uear Hay wards Depot;
$16.500, . formerly $25,COC; 31 acres fine fruit.
Ranch, city style residence: big bargain.
contra Costa county.
$S,500 bargain, near Oakland; fine ranch. 185
acres; cost $14,000: well- Improved; oil Indica-
tions: proposed railroad will double value.
CONTRA COSTA. COUNTY, NEAR MAR-
TINEZ.
$5,500; cost J10.000; offer wanted; 23 acres;
best bargain close to San Francsico: snap.
ADJOINING OAKLAND AND FRUITVALE
$5,500: 8 acres, with fruit house and barn;
near electric cars, schools; splendid value.
We handle nothing In ranches but bargains.
First-class exchanges effected. Write us.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
460 and 4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FARMING and other property in various parts
of California for sale. Catalogue on applica-
tion to " BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
'^ *J6 California st., San Francisco.
164 ACRES, sediment soil; fine for raising
seeds, berries and vegetables; improvements
worth $9000; will sell In 10 acres subdivided,
at $175 per acre; $19,500; part cash, balance at
d i>er cent Interest per annum.
57 acres, near Alma; house of 16 rooms; large
barn: plenty water; 15 acres in orchard, some
full bearing;' $4000; terms to suit.
37% acres In 6-year-old orchard; $110 per acre;
250 acres at $47 C J> per acre. C. C. SMITH,
630 Market St., San. Francisco.
THE MEZES TRACT AT BELMONT.
Containing over 500 acres, with riBiny beauti-
ful lots covered with oaks and ; other trees and
commanding grand view; within 1 hour of the
city; In subdivisions; price only $75 per acre
and up. . - •- .
For further particulars address
McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
CHICKEN ranch— Personal property; lease,
stock nnd implements, for sale; 3 acres in
vegetables, 2 in flower* and 5- in grain; 5-
.room house; modern improvements; charming
home in Frtiltvale: rent. $10 month; price
$500. Apply 1306 Castro st.. cor. Twenty-fourth.
CHEAP little home close to depot, in Alameda
County; fruits, .flowers, nice cottage; . well
furnished; all for $1350; terms $700 cash, bal-
ance long time; 6 per cent interest. H. H.
CRANE, 508 California st. v
BUY in Xapa County; no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO., St. Helena. Cal.
ONLY $10 per acre— 320 acres on the Alameda
Creek. Alameda County; good house, 9 rooms
2 large barns; fenced; good stock and hog
ranch; no waste land; a genuine bargain.
. . H. H. CRANE. 508 California Bt.
FOR sale or exchange for Oakland Income prop-
erty—A beautiful home in town with excellent
income: must be so!d at once; price $4000;
' terms to suit. . Adrets box 19, Livermore, Cal.
SEE this— Fine stock ranch and general farinT
near It R. and 25 miles from Oakland very,
cheap; 600 acres; well watered: fine Improve-
ments; a lovely home; photos this office. H.
H. CRANE. S08 California st. ¦
320 ACRES wheat or orchard land; fine lm-
prvmts; will exchange for stock merchandise;
city or country. WOQDMANSEE. 632 Mrket.
IN Palo Alto— Lots and acre tracts for sale
; H W. BROWN. 12 . Montgomery St.. 8. • F.
RANCH for sale. in Monterey Co.; good crop
Box 4127. Call office.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— -For Sale
MARION GRIFFIN, Real Estate • Agent. ' 719
Market St., by Call bldg. — Free clrculars.de-
scriblng farms for sale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale ; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
FOR Mendocino County stock ranches and
farms address W. M.'PEgRY,. Ukiah. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Main, Petaluma, for
free. copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
JCHICKEN RANCH TO LET^^^
CHICKEN ranch to let on Chenery St., opp.
¦ French. J. B. LfewiS. 436 Montgomery st.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE. / ¦•
SAUSALITO residence for sale; the beautiful
home of WM. G. BARRETT, within 3-mln-
utes' walk of depot; large Tnodern house of
20 rooms and 2. baths; completely furnished:
private gas works; fine well: magnificent
view of entire bay; large grounds, under, high
cultivation. Apply WM. G. BARRETT, Sec-
retary S. F. Gas & Elec. Co., 415 Post st.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
$160— LOTS In Ross Valley, near San Anselmo
station; 25x160. Apply 976 Jackson st.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
170 ACRES on mountains; small house, barn,
furniture, tools; good grain and pasture land;
beautiful . place; . exchange for lot in San
Francisco or small place In country. Box
3675, Call office. - •
WILL exchange 2 houses and lots in Salinas
for Oakland cottage. Address 72 'Pond st.
ALAMEDA •ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 ALAMEDA. REAL ESTATE.
GREAT VALUES IN REAL ESTATE.
Properties lor dale at Auction Prices. ¦
A great chance to get property cheap. . .
Fine 5-room cottages, with all modern, im-
provements, convenient to trains and schools;
.must be sold ; $2200.
An elegant b-room house; large lot; great
bargain; $2300.
A 7-room cottage; lot 50x150; between the
broad and narrow gauge trains; to be sacri-
ficed; only $2750.- . ¦ •
A new colonial cottage of 6 rooms; choice
neighborhood ; near schools and trains; a snap;
$2.'00.
If you are desirous of obtaining a home In
Alameda call and see us at once. We are of-
fering some very cheap properties for sale, and
on terms to suit.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st., Alameda, and
Room 325, Parrott Hulldlng, S. F.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$750— SEE this: 4-room cottage; lot 54x150; this
is a decided bargain. , \
$1300— Snap; 5-room cottage; lot DSxlOO; easy
terms. . n -,
$3000 will buy a fine southwest ' corner of 75x
140 feet on Central ave. ; must bs sold
thia week. ' >
$10C0 will buy a fine building lot centrally lo-
cated.
We will build you a home on easy install-
ments on any of our choice lots. Call and get
particulars. Open Sundays.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
. Santa Clara av«-. nr. Park st., Alameda, Cal.
$1000— THESE COTTAGES"
$1100— Near schools and stations.
$1200— On terms to suit.
$270<*— Modern cottage, 6 rooms; near Mor-
ton station; a snap.
$2000 — Two-story. 6 rooms; windmill, etc.
$300 and upward— Lots in all parts of -Ala-
meda.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New Zealand. Nev/ York Under-
writers, British-American and London Insur-
ance companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda,
ON Central ave.; lot COxMO; a house of 6 rooms,
. In best location in Alameda; only $2500. »
Elegant house of 10 rooms on Mozart st ;
offer wanted.
Great bargain , In improved property: 10-
room cottage, modern in every respect; large
corner lot, near Grar.d-st. station; cost $1Q,000
new; now offered at $5500; must be sold.
Apply E. D. JUDD CO.. 1421 Park st.
BARGAINS for Investors.
Bargains for homeseekers.
. Homes built on terms to suit. .
Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 r.ats) of 10 rooms; lot 23x120; half block
from station.
Apply to G. R. DENKE. West . Alameda
Real Estate Office, Webster Bt. and Cen-
tral ave.
TWO-STORY, 7-room modern house, in good
condition; pleasantly located: near station;
must be sold; bargain. M., Call office, Ala-
I meda. ¦
$2600— CHOICE, new, modern, complete cottage
cottage of 5 rooms; ready to move In; Weber
rt.; 50-foot lot. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1343
Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN; must be sold; fine new 2-story
colonial house 7 rooms; hall, bath, pantry
room; high basement; lot 40x100; street work
done; half block to electric car; 2 blocks to
railroad station; price^$1600; easy terms. J.
R. PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley, for-
merly Oellerich & Perkins. * '
FINE almost new 2-story ¦ 6-roomed house;
bath; high basement; electric fixtures; street
work done; right at station and electric cars;
price $1600: $200 cash, balance monthly pay-
ment. J. R. PERKINS, Lorin sta., Berkeley.
SEE those fine, new, modern, up-to-date 6-
roomed cottages we are building; also 7, -8
and 9 roomed 2-story colonial houses;, half
block to electric cars; 2 blocks to railroad
station; prices ranging from- $1700 up; small
payment down, balance on monthly install-
ments." J. R. PERKINS, Lorin station,
Berkeley, formerly Oellerich & Perkins. Of-
fice open Sundays. "
$650 TO $1050 for splendid building sites In
Berkeley, cast of the railroad; send for map
of location, prices and terms, j MAY & MOR-
TIMER, sole agent?.
$5000— SEE our r.obby up to date house In the
Scenic Park. MAY & MORTIMER.
$855— A CUTE little home for small family:
4 rooms: hard finished; plenty of flowers and
trees. MAY & MORTIMER.
$3750— ALMOST completed modern home, 7
rooms, etc.; Improved street: near college;: a
bargain. MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley
. station. '
BEAUTIFUL cottage at a sacrifice to close
estate; 7 rooms, bath, pantry; latest style
mantel; folding doors; bay-window: front and
back porch; cement basement, -with large
wash and storerooms; large : ornamental
trees; nice lawn and ! shrubbery; chicken
yard; lot 50x135; 2 blocks from station, school,
church and stores; price $1850: only $500 cash,
balance to suit; bank loaned $1600 on this
property.
Bargain: stop paying rent; new modern' cot-
tares of 5 and 6 rooms each; only 2 blocks
from station to center of town; I price $1800:
$150 down, balance $17 50 per month,; do not
fall to see these cozy homes; .take Berkeley
train, get off at Lorin station; office west side
of R. R. track; open Sundays.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LTON.
$2000 — $100 DOWN, balance $20 per month: new
5 or 6 room cottage at Ashby station," Berke-
ley; porcelain bath, . tiled sink," stationary
tubs; high basement; fine mantel and gas
fixtures; nJl sewered and ready to move In-
to. W. C. MORAN & CO. .
WHEELER Tract, adjoining the • U. C\
grounds; call for map. W. C. MORAN &
CO. .. - .-.••'.
$2200—7 LARGE rooms on one ' of the best
streets In Berkeley; "new"; only 2 blocks to
train and electric cars; $300- cash, balance $20
per month. W..C. MORAN & CO.
$1750—^-ROOM house: good as new; lot 42x120;
1 block to train; 80-foot' street: worth $2500;
must sell on account of departure: $260 cash,
balance $20 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$150— ACRE lots. W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorin
station and Schmidt block, Berkeley. . ¦ -
$30C0— A NEW house; 8 rooms: street work all
done; near station and car line; terms easy.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2108 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley. ' . .'
$1350 — 4 LARGE rooms and .bath; 1 block to
car line: fruit trees and flowers; terms easy.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY, , 2108 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley. .- ' . ¦ .
$1400-^5 ROOMS and bath; - corner lot: nice
garden, stable and chicken house: terms
easy. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 21C8 Shattuck
ave., Berkeley. " ; < * ' '
BERKELEY. ~ ~~~. ~
$50C0— Modern house near U. C. at ' $45 > per
month. - •-.-•¦ ,
$3500 — I new modern 7-room houses; • larfre
lot; " lots of fruit: 5 minutes ,of,U. - C.
grounds; marine , view; easy . terms. ¦¦ M. L.
WURTS, 17th st. and Broadway, | Oakland. . -
$2800— FINE new ¦¦ 7-room house ; large; lot ; only
2 blocks from station; a bargain. > •" ,
$2750 — Look at this; a new 2-story house of 7.
rooms; equipped' with electric lights, gas and
Sunshine heaters; there Is -.no betters built,
house -in the State than this; street work all
done. Apply to JOS. : J. MASON, adjoining
Postoffice, Berkeley station. ¦-• '¦ . .
$1300— COTTAGE; 4 rooms: lot 40x120; $100 cash,
balance to suit. C. NAMANNY. .-' ¦-
TO let— West Berkeley; a-neatly' furnished 4-
room cottage; lot 125x130, with large
¦. of -vegetables and' flowers; rent ». very low to
right party. Box 4125, Call " of flee. .
FRUITY ALE A DYERTISEMENTS
' FRPITYALE ': REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station, Cal.
For sale at a great bargain,- 2% acrea of rich
soil, modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath, | hall,
basement, etc.; large stable, chicken houses;
fine artesian well, windmill and tank; choice
fruit trees; price $2500; located, near Mills Col-
lege; terms to suit.
$2200— New modern cottage of 4 large rooms,
7-foot basement; good brick foundation; bath;
closets ; " lovely pantry ; choice I fruit trees ; ¦ lot
100x372; fine location; fronting on main county
road; just the place for raising chickens. _
' $1500- ; -Cottage of a rooms, basement and at-
tic; bath, etc.; stable chicken house;' fine
well, windmill and tank; lot 50x125. *£*.
$1250— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
high basement ; lot 35x115 ; fruit trees ; j located
In the best part of Fruitvale; only half a block
from Fruitvale ave.; easy terms if desired.
$1150— Bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; 7- foot- basement; good brick, foundation,
etc.; barn, chicken house; Jot 5^x116; 'one block
from electric cars; easy terms. -
. $1100— House of ¦ 4 rooms, ¦ stable, ! Incubator
house, 10 chicken houses, large brooder house,
7 brooders, incubator; lot 100x150; all fenced;
easy terms.
$1050— $150 cash, balance same as rent; fine
modem bay-window cottage of 4 rooms, hall,
bathroom, etc.; high basement; good brick
foundation; 4 blocks from local station; this
is a bargain. ¦¦¦¦. . .
$1000— Lot 50x109; 4-room cottago; large pan-
try; city water; beautiful garden; fruit trees
in bearing;, barn, stable- and chicken houses;
gentle 6-year-old horse, harness, cart and 30
chickens.
$975— For sale in East Oakland, modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; hall; basement; san-
itary plumbing, etc.; 4 blocks from local train;
easy terms if desired, ¦ • ' '
$700— House of 4 rooms, stable and chicken
house; 10 bearing fruit trees; lot 50x140; all
fenced. ... • •
$575— Cottage of 4 rooms; large stable and
chicken house; city water; lot 62:6x108; fruit
trees; 4 blocks from electric cars.
$550— Reduced from $800. cottage of 4 rooms,
furnished: fruit trees, chicken houses and 100
chickens; city water; lot 40x135; all fenced;
must be sold, as owner Is going East.
¦ For particulars apply to . .' ¦•
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
FRUITVALE REAL ; ESTATE. .
A Special Notice— The Home Building Com-
pany has removed Its office to scutli slue of
railroad track on Fruttvale ave. ¦
Do you want a home in Fruitvale? -We will
sell you one without payment down. Just like
rent - ' , . , * '¦
$530— House of 5 rooms; plastered; large lot:
abundance of flowers; $7 70 per month
will buy this home; no "payment down.
$SCO— House of 8 rooms and bath; city water;
v«»ry large lot; chicken houses and barn;
*11 20 per month; no payment down.
$300-Lovely lots In Forest Park; 50x170 (feet;
will loan you money to build. ' »
$900— House of 5 rooms; lot 50x150; city water
and a good well; payments $12 60 per
month ; no payment down. ¦ .
$1,600— New modern house of six rooms and
bath: 4 blocks from Fruitvale station;
no payment down; $22 40 per month.
$800— House of 3 rooms; 2 lots; 1 block from
schoolhouse; 3 blocks from station; no
y payment down; Just $11 20 per month.
$1.000— House of 5 rooms; lot 45x145; all fenced:
*14 per month; no payment down.
$500— House of 4 rooms; large lot; good pump;
• no payment down; $7 per month.
Houses of all kinds to let: money-to loan In
any amounts. Remember this address: The
Home Building Company, south nfde of laMrnad
track on Fruitvale ave. - W. E. RUDELL.
FINE corner lot 80x132*4 In the Moss tract: on
electric car line, between Fruitvale nnd Elm-
_ hurst; for sale very cheaD. Particulars from
owner. L. A. LAFRANCA, Mission San
Jose, Cal.
A SNAP; modern 5-room house; $230 cash, bal-
ance $13 17 per month, principal and interest:
large lot: east front. P. H. BLAKE, East
Fourteenth st.. near Fruitvale ave.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE^
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY.
Formerly Known as - .
. 1 The Wormonth Tract.
• * Now to Be Called-
• Sunnyslde Addition.
This beautiful tract, consisting of over 40
acres. Is now being subdivided into lots nnd
will be Immediately placed upon- the market
for sale. Streets will be graded, macadamized
and sewered. The California Title Insurance
and Trust Company of San Francisco will
issue an Insurance policy for every lot sold
guaranteeing title.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
IN Mill Valley— A nice home for sale cheap on
account of departure. 526 Turk St.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
QF*F:CE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Auction: . • 1 I
Auction!
Auction!
• r , AuctlonI
Auction!
SATURDAY, MAY 26. 1901.
5 A T,U RDAY. MAY 26.1901.
At Salesroom,
003 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
By Order of the -
Executors of the Elizabeth Hutchison Estate.
The following property must be sold to close
the estate:
Business property on 14th St., between Wash-
ington and Clay; one of the best business
streets In Oakland; opposite the City Hall and
the Hotel Touraine; lot 50x100, now occupied
by the Sanborn Nursery; this Is the only lot
In the business section of 14th st. that can be
had: all others are improved.:
Telegraph-ave. building lots; four choice lots
fronting the avenue; 43 to 60 feet rt rontage, 140
feet In death; the finest location on the ave-
nue; Just north of £6th st.; easy walk to train;
electric cars pass the property.
On 26th St., near Telegraph ave.; 5 beauti-
ful building lots, 40xlC0 each;; on the north
side of Btreet; they get the. sun all day; the
street work Is all done: fine location: close to
town; between two electric car lines.
Piedmont; nearly two acres on Vernal ave.,
at the end of the car line; choicest residence
site in Piedmont; overlooks Oakland. Alameda
and San Francisco; no winds; no fogs; climate,
perfect; 30S feet on the avenue by 260 feet in
depth.
Fronting Broadway. Birch or 50th St., Ver-
non or 51st 8t. and Diamond st. ; 26 lots, as a
whole or In subdivisions; lots 25x150 each.
Claremont lots, 18 in all, fronting Claremont
ave., Hudson St., Hardy st. and First ave. ;
fine chance to get them at your own price; in
subdivisions. • ' '. : . ~-v
Four acres on Tleasant Valley ave.. close to
the Piedmont electric line; very fine piece of
land and will surely double in value; adjoins
the property of the Realty Syndicate. .:
Arrangements have been made to •ecure 75%
of the purchase price should loans be desired,
repayable in annual Installments, interest pay-
able quarterly at the rate of 7V4% per annum.
' TITLES ARE. PERFECT. :'.
Abstracts and certificates of title made by
the Stocker & Holland Abstract- Co. furnished
to date of sale free of expense to purchasers.
Send for Catalogues.
WILLIAM J. DINGEB.
¦ . 903 Broadway, Oakland.
A GENTLEMAN'S country seat; price $20,000;
12 acres choicest Income orchard ; I artistic
grounds; rare shrubberies; finest soil in: the
county; modern city style residence. 12
rooms; very convenient to Oakland. and San
, Francisco; Chicago millionaire once offered
; $22,000. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland. .
$50 DOWN, balance no more than rent, will buy
a neat 5-room cottage, with ¦ street work all
done; 'this place has been held at $1200, but
the ownef . Is a non-resident and has agreed
to sell the place for $800; the monthly install-
ment, which includes air the payment on the
principal. Interest and taxes, can be arranged
¦ all the way • from $9 60 per . month up to as
much as the buyer desires to pay; within
walking distance of the City Hall; if you
' want a home now 'is the time to get it.' JAS.
S. NAISMITH. 452 Ninth st. .
$1150— COTTAGE and 1 acre land ; adjoins . car
line; 10 minutes to center of Oakland; good
for a florist or chickens and poultry; sheltered
from the winds, etc. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broad-
way. ...-¦. •- .. • . . ; ¦; ¦ : . .,
$1350 — 2 COTTAGES, 4 rooms each;: near. Center
. .station; rents $17 60 month: good Investment;
' both go for the $1350. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broad-
,.way. .-¦ •.:•;.' . -¦ : - -v . ¦ ¦; .;.,-¦¦
$7500 — FINE residence and beautiful grounds,
¦with flowers, cherry and fig trees, etc. ;. one-
¦, half acre land; fronts 100 feet on main street
in city" limits; completely furnished; i all go
at $7500; best bargain ever offered." Particulars
with ALDEN CO.,. HIS Broadway. .;
OAKLAND! "/ • ¦ • ' '-.: •••<,.-..-..
•' 50-FOOT lot and 10 rooms, modern residence;
6 minutes' walk to Adeline station; cheap; also
beautiful modern home on .Telegraph, -ave.;
walking distance from town. M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway. Oakland.
$230 CASH.". $7 monthly; . 4-room " cottage; ' good
well of water, small barn, chicken shed and
. run; 3 fine lots, 75x100; picket : fenced; excel-
lent soil; charming, view; best climate; near
two electric Carolines; 90-foot boulevard and
model schoolhouse; away from cold winds and
: fog; -90 families have located here within ' 3
years; price, all. told. $850; call or send for
- circular, • ¦ 455 - Seventh • st., ¦¦ Broadway • Sta-
•V tion, Oakland. , H. Z. JONES, . owner.
•¦.., — ¦. _ — :_• .--
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OAKLAKD REAL KSTATE. j
$15 PER MONTH— TOTAL ONLY 11000. .
Cottage of 5 rooms; sunny side; handy to San
Pablo" ave. ; walking distance of , downtown;
street and walks complete; snap for a home or
Investment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
' . 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
13300-IN. EAST OAKLAND. -— — —
A bank sale; chance to get a big bargain:
elegant Eastlake. i seven-roomed cottage, with
¦all -modern Improvements and. extra well built;
lot 60x150; nice garden, stone walks, etc. ; sunny
all. day; choice . location; handy to - school,
churches and train; terms if desired. I
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
* . . , • 1003 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— FULLY FURNISHED
AND ON EXCEPTIONAL TERMS.
Comfortable seven-roomed cottage;, also cozy
little rear cottage (renting for $7 50); lot 50x150;
only a block from Broadway; owner away;
must be sold.
.„ GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
~-^ , 1003 Broadway. Oakland.
11500— TWO-STORY house, 8 rooms; sunny side;
near Centre station.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
HOME SACRIFICED " '"
BY AN UNFORTUNATE OWNER.
For $250 over the mortgage— Brand new Colo-
nial home of 8 large rooms; fifty-foot lot '/close
to station; balance" on monthly payments;
chance to get a snas.
- . ' GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
¦1008 Broadway, Oakland.
52500-STORE. flat and cottage; handy to local
station; will rent for $30; business, . home and
Investment all combined. ~ ,
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., '
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1000— IN EAST OAKLAND "
Six-roomed cottage, sunny side; handy to
Brooklyn station; street work all done; terms
If desired.
' GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1C08 Broadway, Oakland.
PRETTY HOME IN WEST OAKLAND.
Only- $1500— Six-roomed cottage, sunny side,
above the railroad; handy to station; offered for
caBh, but terms can be arranzed.
GEO. AV. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
$930— NEWLY painted two-story seven-roomed 1
. house, handy to Broadway station; will rent
for $12. .
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
• !¦ £¦> 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$4000— FINE established grocery corner, store
and 5 rooms, nearly new; street complete;
best location In all Oakland; sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner:'part cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
• " 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
A SPLENDID LIST-NEW BARGAINS.
J12.CC0 — Magnificent modern suburban home of
5 acres; choicest shrubberies; cost $20,000. .,-'.
ISOOC— A banker's home; 8 rooms; hardwood
floors; half block magnificent grounds; cost
$17,000; going to Europe; no reasonable offer re-
fused.
?&5<K>— A fine 12-room residence, choicely sit-
uated, near Market-st. station; will sacrifice;
cost $16,C00. ¦ v .-
$50C0 — Fine 9-rocm house, 50x140; choicely sit-
uated. Telegraph and Twenty-ninth.
$5250— Fine modern flats, 7 rooms each; cen-
tral location; rents $30 month. „
$3250 — Modern, colonial . 6-room cottage near
Brush and Twentieth sts.; LOxlOO; bargain.
J6O0O — Snap; investment or for a home; two
2-story houses of 8 rooms near Broadway; bus-
iness property; cost $8500; must sell.
$2850— Bargain; modern 2-story house of 9
rooms, near Broadway and Tenth ets.
$3300 — Bargain; modern 9-room house; 35x170;
barn; near. Thirty-third t and Telegraph; •
$1850 — Flats of 4 and 5 rooms each; Market
St., . north of Market station.
J2750— Cheap; Adeline station; 8-room house;
Adeline st. ; 35x125; easy terms.
GENUINE BARGAINS IN LOTS.
' $2:0, worth $500 — 25x128; macadamized; Ade-
line station.
$250— Pick up; 25x132; Magnolia and 32d sts.
$600— Fifteenth st., ! near Peralta; 40x110; snap.
- $1500— Adeline, near Tenth; 35x100; choice.
$950 — Thirty- fourth, near Grove; 50x100.,
$1750 — Snap, near Telegraph; 50x106; choice.
J.S50— Corner 50x150, near Clinton station. "
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
• 46O-4C2 Eighth St., Oakland.
WILL be sold at a ¦ sacrifice— Elegant cottage
home of nine, rooms, laundry and bath; fur-
nacer etc. ; large yard; plenty of flowers,
' shrubbery, etc. ; no reasonable offer refused;
party wants to sell Immediately. ' GEO. B.
M. GRAY. 454 Ninth St. "
$3500— 5-ROOM modern cottage, 4 acres land,
350 six-year-old choicest varieties fruit trees;
- also olives, almonds, grapes, etc. ; the most
highly cultivated 4 acres in Alameda Coun-
ty; near street car and railroad; very choice
for suburban home.
i MITCHENER & PORTER,
... -468 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale at a sacrifice — A beautiful home of
10 rooms; modern In all details; -stable and
outhouses; corner lot, 140x150 feet; variety of
berries and fruits; elevated ground and fine
view; sacrificed on account of departure from
State. For particulars apply to ALBERT
SCHMIDT, 1122 12th ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND . HOUSES TO LET.
$10— FLAT; 1 block from train.
$15 — 7 rooms; modern; near trains..
$20^ — 9 rooms, bath; gas; near train.
$16 — 5-room flat; modern; central. ; .
$25—7 rooms; right in town; sunny.
$18—7 rooms; barn; sunny; garden.
$10—2 acres; cottage, 5 rooms. .
$13 — t-room flat; central; sunny.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. '11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102 — Three nice housekeeping
rooms for rent. . ' ....
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Large, sunny bay-
wlndow; wooden mantel; use of kitchen.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping: two, $12;
two, $10; also single, $5 up a month.
FOURTH. 225— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also single.
FULTON, 308 — 2\ sunny housekeeping rooms;
coal stove; yard and basement.
GOLDEN GATE ave.,' 921C— 2 large sunny, 1
bay window; mantel; closets; water; gas
• stove; $16. .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1532—8 sunny rooms; hot
and cold water; bath. _; ¦' . .;¦
HOWARD, 2006— Two very sunny housekeeping
rooms; furnished ; ¦ use of bath and piano.
LANGTON, 15, near 7th and Howard— 3 neatly
furnished rooms for housekeeping, $10. '
MCALLISTER. 5SS— Elegantly furnished sunny
parlor suite; . sink; gas; range; bath and
laundry; $20. >'
' MINNA, 570, near Seventh— Two nice sunny
connecting housekeeping rooms. '
MINNA. 605 — Large . eunny furnished front
rooms for housekeeping. ... -~.
MINNA, 667, corner -Eighth— Newly furnished
bow window; mantel; closets; water; gas
MISSION, 1125'^— Suite housekeeping '¦ rooms,
.,$2 25. ¦:¦ --- ¦ . -.; . . ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
NATOMA, 245— Furnished rooms . to let, . $1 25
: to $150 per week; housekeeping rooms, $2 50.
NEW Auburn House, 334 Third st— Housekeep-
ing rooms for family; >klso single rooms for
' gentlemen; -reasonable prices;, references.
NINTH, 113— Two sunny- housekeeping rooms;
running water. and bath;, reasonable.
OAK,' 31 — Rooms single or en -suite; -suitable
-for light housekeeping; -one short block from
Van Ness ave. and- Market Bt.'
OAK, 231—1 large t front- unfurnished room.
POST. 951 — Front. and back parlor; convenience
for housekeeping; private family.
SECOND, 212— Well furnished ; for hskDg. or
! -lodgings; nea+T clean and respectable; reas.
. SIXTH. 212 — Nice sunny • rooms, «. en suite or
- single; reasonable. ..
SOUTH PARK, 84— Large" sunny room, nicely
: furnished , for housekeeping.
SUTTER. 834 — A nice sunny alcove room and
housekeeping. ' ¦• .
TURK, 613— Two- sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable.,- . .;.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has', been established 'at 1096
-Valencia Bt.— -. . - - :•¦-¦
ROOMS. TO LET— -Furnr and tnfnrn.
•AHLBORN i HOTEL. ' 321 Grant ave.— Best $l"a
day family hotel In city; 1 polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— RoonM"
25c to $1 per. night ;$1 25; to $5. per week,' and
light : housekeeping rooms ; open all night. \
BURNETT.- 1426 Market (old No. "1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. ,1408— Sunny room, suitable for 1 or 2;
. gas and bath; $6. ... f .
CHESTNUT.. 293, ? North Beach— 2 or more fur~-
: nlshed rooms for housekeeping purposes ; fine
¦ ¦ view : and sun ; ¦ quiet neighborhood. , -v ;¦ r _ 1
CLIFFORD.- 2041 Ellis, cor. "7 Mason-Elegantly
: furnished • sunny rooms ; -: prices | reasonable. ,
ELDER Room-renting Bureau-. 22 . Kearny st.— j
¦ - Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished : or. unfurnished.
ELLIS, 1829— Very: large furnished,' airy, rooms
V for ; gentleman ' or man j and wife ; ) private.
¦ - »^_^" '" '-- ; •'"¦'¦ ' - _ ¦'" ¦
ROOMS TO LET — Fnni- and Pnfurn-
FOURTH. 157-A nice large sunny front room
to let. ¦ ¦ . _ ¦
GEARY,. 824, near Larkln— Two sunny, cozy
back . rooms. . ] ¦ ¦ ____—
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast M ™J r .Seventh
and Mission sts.-Sunny rooms. «» U1 «J
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. DENIS, 24 Turk. ne »f.. Ma f k l!^
Steam ' heated, fireproof, new building, new
and elegant furniture i single rooms and
suites with or without private bath; not anu
cold water, .electric light and return caii-
bell In- every room ; elevator and full hotel
service: rates 75c per day and upward, rei.
HOTEL Hollenbeck. 501 Geary st.. cor. Taylor-
Sunny suites and single, with board.
HOWARD, 728— Room suitable for two; reason-
able; also single room, tS; gas. -__
HOWARD. 1703— Sunny furnished front single
room ; private family. ¦
JESSIE, 637— Sunny furnished room In private
family; rent $6. • ¦ ,' '
JESSIE. 256. room 8— Outside furnished room.
-. "Sc a week.
JESSIE. 363, near Fifth— Furnished rooms. |5
and $6. j
LARKIN. 610— Two furnished rooms to let.
LASKIE. 9V4— Furnished room; private; *3 per
month. '
LEAVENWORTH. 2007-Large sunny front
room, furnished; grand marine vfew.
MARKET!. 1049A— Front rooms, en suite, sin-
gle; also other rooms; telephone Howard 108.
MARKET, 24S2— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; private family; adults only; lift-
METROPOLE. 6 Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-
nished rooms from 50c to $2 per day^j
MINNA, 322— Sunny double rooms; rent mod-
erate. ;;
MISSION. 24S5— Furnished back parlor bed-
room, with use of parlor; gentleman pre-
ferred^ .-
NEW.. ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.— Nicely
furnished rooms, ?2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms a»d
offices; elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELX.. 715. corner Hyde— Newly furnish-
ed rooms; reasonable; by day or week.
PINE. 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
• thclBughly renovated; sunny suites, single
'.- rooms, with board.
ROOMS ZI^IIII TO LET.
A— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO., 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red. ¦
ROSEDALB House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. >1 25 to ?4; open night.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to *1 50; week, $2 to
$S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
- rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER. 703, cor. Taylor (The San Reml) —
Sunny furnished rooms, suites or single.
STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Desirable rooms can be
had, $1 JO per week up; near all theaters.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK. 126— Sunny furnished front room suit-
able for a gentleman.
TURK 268 (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished; modern; board optional. Phona
South 422. ;
TURK, 543. near Polk— Single room for gentle-
man, with bath, II per week; private family.
TURK, 543— Sunny single furnished room; rent
$6. i '_
UNION, 1033— Nicely furnished rooms for rent.
WILL rent use of fine furnished office, nights,
. very cheap to young gent. Apply 120 McAllls-
ter St., flat 2.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL Repel ier, 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 ilarket— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
A FAMILY hotel. WUmott. 728 Sutter— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service,
ROOMS and board: prices reasonable. 415
First st.. between Harrison and Bryant..
VALENCIA-ST. Hotels 718 Valencia St.. Mission
¦warm belt— Good boWrd; fine rooms; reason-
able rates: cars paas! the 'door. ¦ ~"
A r Fumtner rates: attractive rooms: special
table: wine dinners.) 807 California St. ' P
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN and wife with two small chil-
dren wants two small rooms or suite In pri-
vate Protestant home; no other children; Mls-
8lon preferred. Box 4143. Call office.
GENTLEMAN with 6-year-old daughter desires
good room and board In desirable family
where girl will receive good care; reasonable;
state terms. Box 4157, Call office.
WANTED— Room and board In private family
in Mission; state terms. F. D. HOOD. Stan-
ford University. ' " -
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Accommodations for visiting stran-
. ''gers during President's stay in San Francisco;
any hotels, boardlng-housgs or private fami-
lies having rooms to spare will please bring
or send to room 217, Palace Hotel, Information
as to the number and capacity of rooms to
rent: also state whether with or without
board. Citizens' Committee oh Hotels, room
?17. Palace Hotel.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take 'no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
OSTEOPATH Y— Afflicted ? Test osteopathy;
many relieved: drugless, anatomical: hours
afternoons. San Francisco Institute Osteopa-
thy. 916 Market st. .
BAD tenants - ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19: tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines all makes at al-
most any price' you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2. mo. 145 Sixth st.: phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL' kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
' paired: open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE -AND ! WAREH PUSES.
PHSR^^RODcSpSrsroragT
office Fost and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
. tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson. 231.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 Mis-
sion. st.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
¦ \ ' _ --^" _ . .TO _ LEASE. _
LOVELYHOME. - "" - *~ T^
To- lease for a long term to responsible
party. 40 acres of best land, good locality. In
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from de-
pot: consisting of about 25 acres of best win*
grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, plums, etc.: lovely cottage, furnished:
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.: also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
3S41, Call office.
TO lease for a number of years— 320 acres for
cattle ranch; fruit on place. Call at 117 San
Pablo ave., Oakland. ¦
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TY^EWR^TERS^We'
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals. «. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 166.
WINDOWS FOR^PARADE.
RECEPTION parlor; two~Urge windows (ex-
c.usive); parade. Third St.. near Market-
120. Box 4139. Call office. Market.
REVIEW stand for parade; east side of Van
Ness .'ave.. between Grove and Fulton sta.;
seats for sale at bicycle store. 230 Van Ness.
BAY-WINDOW on Montgomery. • near Market
See or address Janitor. 26 Montgomery st.
VIEW t PARADE-A vacant office window to
let. Inquire FISHER & CO.. 935 Marked
WINDOWS to rent on Market st. for viewing
- parade. Apply at 1 Fifth et.. room 10. £?
. tO Knt for McKlnl^Parade. US*
¦TThtryS. a>t0 ." nt for : Mc Klnley parade. 428
PrviDJBj^DrNQTi^g.
DIVIDEND Notice—Dividend" No 81 itwentv"
gg?. O wVdne^r \% T^P^Jg
books closed Wednesday. May g- 1901 at 1
0 clock p. E. H.JH£LJD<)N, 8 Sectary. '
• PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for coal— Office of General Super-
intendent Army Transport Kervlce, San Fran-
cisco. Cal., May 10. 1901. Scaled proposals in
triplicate for furnlshlns and delivering at
Honolulu.* H. I., twenty thousand tons, aver-
age Steam Coal, or such portion thereof as
may be -reaulred. will be received at thla
office until 12 m., June 10, 1901, and then
opened. Information furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals should b» In-
dorsed, "Proposals for Coal." and addrcsa^d
to OSCAR F. LONG. General Superintendent.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were lamed
Vesterday: '
Manuel F. Corrtea, 24, 976 Jackson street,
and Annie L. Rogers. 24, San Leandro.
Frank P. Herrguth, 25, 225 Clinton Park, and
Catherine M. Nielsen. 22. city.
George F. Amaral, 31. 65 Jackson street, and
Rosie C. Nnnes, 21. 63 Jackson street.
William B. Epler. 35. 1839 Larkln street, and
Ethel B. Crane, 23. 116 Oak street.
James A. Devoto. SI. city, and Elizabeth M.
Castagnetto, 25. city.
Carl J. Anderson. 34. 860 Howard street, and
Maria R. C. Miller. 30. 860 Howard street.
James J. Thompson. 35. city, and Annie C.
Jarman, 35, city.
James Sweeney, 37, city, and Julia Gurchler,
28, Davenport, la.
Isaac Berger. 23. 137 Fifth street, and Geslna
R. Beckman. 20. city.
Walter S. Blair. 30, Coallnga, and Mary E.
Kerr, S3, Coailnga,
BIBTHS--MARBIA6ES— DEATHS:
BORN.
BALDWIN— In this city. April JO. 1901. to the
wife of O. C. Baldwin, a daughter.
BURNESS— In thfa city. March 31. 1901. to tha
wife of R. D. Burness. a daughter. -
FELL— In U>is city. May 3. 1901, to the wife of
Valentine J. Fell, a son.
GOGGIN— In this city. May 2, 1901, to the wife
of Robert Lee Goggln. a son.
JUDSON— In this city. May 4. 1S01. to the wife
of Frank W. Judson. a son.
LANE— In this city. May 9, 1901. to the wifo
of George A. Lane, a son.
LEVY— In this city, May 8, 1901. to the wif»
of Ijnatz Levy, a son.
LINDAUER— In this city. May 9, 1901. to tha
wife of E. B. LJndau/er. a son.
LOUGHRAN— In this city. May 4. 1901, to tha
wife of Thomas Loughran. a. son.
McCAULEY— In this city. May 8. 1901. to the
wife of John McCauley, a daughter.
MISKEL— In this city. May 7. 1901. to tha
wife of Laurence Mlskel. a daughter.
NELSON— In this city. May 10. 1901. to th»
wife of J. H. Nelson {nee Keene). a son.
PLOTZ— In Alameda, May 10. 1901, to the wlf»
of H. H. Plotz. a daughter.
RICHERT— In this city. May «. 190L to tha
wife of Paul A. Rlchert. a daughter.
REILLY— In thia city. May 4. 1901. to the wlfa
of J. H. Reilly. a daughter.
YOUNG— In this city. May 8. 1901. to the wife
of Harry R. Young, a son.
MARRIED.
PERSON— OSTERBERG— In this city. May 10.
1901. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Emll J.
Per3on and Emma Osterberg, both of San
Francisco.
WARING— McGINERTY— In this city. - April
24. 1901, at St. Patrick's Church, by-the Rev.
Father Cummins, Albert E. Waring and Maa
E. McGlnerty.
DIED.
Ahern. Mrs. Sarah E. Lewis, Mary B.
Arey. Walter W. . ' Lucy. Denis -
Boalt. John H. McKay, Edward A.
Boothroyd, Catherine McLaughlln. John
Bradley. Adad J. Mayo, Peter
Bradford. Eva L. Moore. Cynthia XL
Brown. Andrew H. Newman. Philip
Davis. Luclnda Parkinson. Geo. C.
Detlersen. Peter Petersen, Capt. A. T.
Dooley, William Pinto. Adolph
Dreyfus (Infant) Pinto. Fannie
Hansen. Annie B. Plewnia. Simon
Harrigan. Edward Puckering. John R.
Hauck. Steven Robinson. William
Hurhes. Joseoh A. Stein. Charles W.
Kaufmann.Carl F.W. Williams. William P.
Kreker, Jacob
AHERN— In Tlburon. Mr*. Sarah E. AAern.
wife of James B. Ahern, and mother of Bes-
sie and Irene Ahern, a native of Mountain
View, Santa Clara County, aged 31 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from Tib-
uron at 10 o'clock. Interment at Petaluma.
AREY— In thla city. May 9. 1901, at his resi-
dence. 231 Third avenue. Walter W. Arey, be-
. loved husband of Mary L. Arey. and father
of Minord T. Arey, Jean C. Arey, Mri. Wil-
liam Miller and the late Walter D. Arey. a
- native of Maine, aged 63 years.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
BOALT — At his country place, near Clo-
verdale. May 9, 1901. John H. Boalt. a na-
tive of Ohio, aged £4 years 1 month and 3
days.. • . ¦
CT 1 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 12:43 o'clock, at his
late residence, southwest corner Twelfth and
Filbert streets, Oakland. Cal. Interment pri-
vate.
BOOTHROYD— In Salinas, Hay 10. 1301. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Alfred Booth-
royd. and sister of Mrs. William McKenary
and James Murphy, a native of St. John.
Now Brunswick, aged 62 years. (St. John
and New Brunswick paperr. please copy.)
C^FViend* and acquaintances are respect-
t fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morro-w
• (Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRADFORD— In this city. May 11. 1901. Eva
Leon, beloved wife of W. A. Bradford, and
mother of Mrs. Lulu Thompson Galena and
James R. Phillips, a native of Vallejo. Cal..
aged 35 years 3 months and 19 days. (St.
Paul. Minn., papers please copy.) ',
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeraJ to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
tha United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BRADLEY— In Oakland. May 11. 1901. Adad
J . husband of Mary J. Bradley, a native of
New York State, aged 61 years 1 month and
25 days.
BROWN-In this city. May 11. 1901, Andrew
Hallldie Brown, son of the late Georgre and
Emma Brown, grandson of Peter and Allc»
Van Pelt, and cousin of Mrs. A. S. Halll-
die. aged 13 years 11 months and 27 days.
ufyFuneral services to-morrow (Monday),
at 2 o'clock, at the residence of Mrs. A. S.
Hallldie, 1032 Washington street. Interment
private. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city. May 10, 1901, Luclnda
Davis, beloved mother of Jennie Donlghue, a
native of England, aged 82 years.
CT'Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DETLEFSEN— In the City aad County Hospi-
tal, May 11, 1901. Peter Detlefsen. a native of
Germany, aged 55 years.
DOOLEY— In this city. May 8. 1901. William,
beloved brother of James. Frank and Fred
Dooley. a native of Virginia City. Nev.. aged
31 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Castagnetto & Ravenna, 643 Vallejo street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DREYFUS— In the City and County Hospital.
May 10. 1301. Infant son of Rose and Joseph
Dreyfus, a native of Califorr/a.
HANSEN— In this city. May 11. 1901. Annie
•B. Hanaen. beloved mother of Inwald O..
' Elmer, Anger M. Neilsen and Mrs. M. M.
Wood, a native of Norway, aged 53 years.
HARRIGAN— In Brooklyn. N. Y.. Edward
Harrigan. beloved son of Jane Harrigan. and
. brother of Frank Harrigan.
HAUCK— In this city, May 10. 1901, Steven
Hauck; beloved son of Barbara Hauck. and
brother of Peter and George Hauck, a native
of San Francisco, aged 38 years.
• KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
HUGHES— In Oakland. May 10. 1901. Joseph
¦A. -Hughes, beloved son of Philip and Ma-
tilda Hughes, and brother of Mrs. R. Nledt
and John and William Hughes, a native of
Portland. Me., aged 17 years 9 months and
12 days.
•' (CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morro-w
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his father's
residence. Thirty-seventh street and San
Pablo avenue, thence to Sacred ¦ Heart
Chjirch, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing - at 9 o'clock. Interment St. ..Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.
KAUFMANN— In thi» city. May 10. 1901. Carl
• Friedrich Wllhelm Kaufmann. beloved hus-
band of Susie Kaufmann (nee King), son of
J Charles Kaufmann. and brother of Mrs. 3.
Grothe and Wilhelm. Henry. Friedrich. An-
¦ gust. Doris and Auguste Kaufmann. a na-
Contlnued on Pago Thirty-Five.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mzr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln ScLooL
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, j
J7 and 29 Fifth st Tel. South 16Z. J
IDSEBAL DIXZCT0B3 AND EK3ALMC3*- I
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly frrlth McGlnnn Bros ; has op*"* 4
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St, I* 1 -
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 871Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The market for evaporated ' apples ruled
quiet at unchanged prices. State common, Z@
4^c; prime. 4V5@4%c; choice, 5@5>4c: fancy, 6
©fi'/^c. California dried fruits were without
change and. dull. ' . . '
PRUNES— 3V4@7c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, S>4@
13c. ¦ . . - • .
PEACHES— Peeled, 12»^S20c; unpeeled, 6%@
10c. -. ? ...... . .. ¦
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS— Receipts, - X14S packages: barely
steady; Western regular packed, 12U<§i3i£ C ;
storage Western, 13%@14c. ¦'-¦".
COFFEE— Futures closed unchanged to 5
points lower. Total sales, 4750 bags, including:
May, So 35; July, $5 45; September, $5 C5; Octo
ber, $5 65. .
NEW TORK. May 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
9223 bbls.; exports, 97H bbls. Tending down
ward a little because of heaviness in «wheat.
Minnesota patents, $J S5@4 20; Minnesota bak
ers', $2 90@3 25; winte.- patents, $3 65@4; win
ter straights, $3 45<§3 lo; winter extras, $2 45@
, ..WHEAT— Receipts, 2.345 bushels;, exports,
118,300 bushels. Spot, \weak;' No. 2 red. 81»ic
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 «d, 79«i elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. S2c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, ES?4c f. o. b. Jafloat. Options had a
-weak opening and subsequent decline under
the bearish crop repoA, commission house sell
ing and a lack of buying orders in face of
moderate foreign buying. Closed weak at Vic
net decline. May, 79 l-16@79?ic, closed 79%c;
July, 77 l-16@77^c. closed 77&C; September,
75 3-16@75%c, closed 75%c.
HOPS— Steady; State, common to choice; 1900
crop, 17 <§ 20c; Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 16@19c.
HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 pounds.
WOOL— Steady; domestic fleece, 26@27c.
COFFEE— Spot, dull; No. 7 invoice. 8&c;
mild, quiet; Cordova. &Vi@12^c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining/. ff)ic; Cen
trifgual, 96 test, 4 9-32c; molasses sugar, 3 l ic;
refined, steady; No. 6. 5.00c; No. 7, 4.90c; No.
g, 4.80c; No. 9, 4.73c; No. 10, 4.70c; No. 11,"
4.65c; No. 12, 4.60c; No. 13, 4.60c; No. ' 14, 4.55c;
standard A, 5.35c; confectioners', 5.35c; mold
A, 5.90c; cutloaf, 6.05c; crushed, 6.05c; iow
dered, 5.90c; granulated, 5.55c; cubes, 5.80c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2200 packages; first
creamery. 15®19c; factory, ll(S13c. ' \
i Cash qnotatlons were as follows: . Flour-
Quiet: winter patents. $3 80@3 90; . straights,
$3 20&3 70; clears, $2 GQQZ 40; spring. sp«clal8,
$4 20; patents. $3 45@3 80; straights, $2 90@i3 30;
bakers'. $2 20® 2 80. No. 3 spring wheat, 70%c;
No. 2 rcV 70%«i70?ic; No. 2 corn, CO^olc; No.
'2 yellow.^OHeilc: No. 2 oata, r 28V4@29c; No. 2
white. 30@30i4c; No. 3 white,. 29i4@30i4c: good
feeding barley," 4Sc; fair to" choice ¦ majting,
•62® 58c; No." lflaxseed, $1 68%; No. 1 North
western, $1 6S%; ¦ prime • timothy aeed,'' $3 55;
mess pork, per. bbl, $14 45@14 50; lard; per 1D0
lbs $7 S7%@7 SO; short rlbs-tldes (loose). $7 90
e-s'l5; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6%@"%c;
shoit clear sides (boxed). $8 12%@8 25; whisky.
Associated Banks' Statement.
¦ -•.-¦*¦•'•"*•* . ,
SLW TORK. May 11.— The etatement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
ehouf; . . ".^ ; *
Wr.i>, increase, $7,266,600.
r *IK*;Hs..$377,490.900; Increase. $4,379,300.
Circulation, $31,081,100; decrease. $51,800. V : ; «
L^gal tenders, $72,329,500; increase. $784,200.
Specie, ?I73,?C(),700; decrease, $2,542,000.
Itestrve. $2S2,000,200; decrease, $LDC7,000.
Rofierve requirements. $244,872,725; increa*e,
:i.om.e;5
Surplus, ts.127,475; decrease. $2,852,626.
The Financier eays: The associated banks
°f York lost J2.872.625 surplus reserve last
we vS<!' rinfiir 'S th « present total excess down
. « :li'- iT - Th e loss In two weeks 'amounts |
, * k -*~2-2<»: most of which went to the treas
•27: ( ln ' r «^«^ In loans was $7,266,500. which.
ia \ jew of the conditions, does not seem to
&gree wah what is known to have occurred
u r . v? l2X J^ rlod - The enormous liquidation
vmch took r.ia'* during the panic, coming as
iVit 't l «" LlU<?r « nd <>t Xhe week. Is prob
»«rt «V°4 r ? flfcct< <l In th» statement of averages,
r~Ll "i al , r lo infer t^t the loan Item, and
SSSESSi lh<i l " lal J^posite. are smaller than
represented. This being true, the" reserve . re
quirements of the banke are lessened, and; the
J^w ,° n K . the '"stltutlons from a cash stand
£?i£J 'V^ 11 *" 1 " thal > In the etate
™5LP e weekly exhibit cannot be regarded
fL^f 1 " of ltself - bu * « «• apparent that
there s nothing in the situation to warrant ex
pectations of anything but firmness In rates:
™£ed hL« Vl e Stock Exchange certainly
caused bea\y shipments of currency to . thU
: CHICAGO. May 11.— The wheat market was
largely a. professional one. The .government
report helped, out a prospect, fully as flattering
as the most Intense bear could wish, but it had
beenvdiecounted. and It required the additional
influence of lower cables and a weak corn
market to. 'draw prices farther on the' decline.
July opened He to %c lower at 71c to 70%c. , It
sold between 71%cand 70%o during '. the'.'cur
tailed seEsion and closed %@%c lower at
70*4@70%c. The top price was reached on cov
ering by shorts, who generally sold later. when
they found that no advance was on the sched
ule. May was sold actively for a time* and
dipped V&c under July, Imt recovered and closed
with the discount narrowed to He.
The corn trade was fairly active. Easiness
prevailed at the start and later developed -into
pronounced weakness in the July deliver}'. A
sharp decline at Liverpool, liberal receipts and
excellent climatic conditions ; were the factors
responsible for this state of affairs. July closed
weak, lHc down at 43%©43%c. May closed un
changed at Sl'.-sc after a session almost bare of
transactions.
Oats were fairly active and steady for some
time, but eased off in sympathy with corn.
July, closed Uc lower at 27Hc.
Provisions started steady on . light hog- re
ceipts, but eased later in sympathy with corn.
July pork closed 17%c lower/ lard 7 l ,£c down,
and ribs 5c depressed. ...
The leading futures ranged as follows:
'Chicago Grain Market. I
Exchange and_ Bullion.
Silver Is firmer. Exchange stands the same.
The Peru took out a treasure list of $66,600,
consisting of $3080 in Mexican dollars,' $5'0 in
gold coin and $63,000 In silver bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — " $4 85U
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83%
Sterling Cables :.'... — . 4 g9v
New York- Exchange, sight ..• — . 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1214
Silver, per ounce ...1 — 591^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49 •£» @ 60
1 # Wheat and Other Grains-
WHEAT— The foreign markets were qulei
and weak.
Chicago was dull and weak, with a large
line of May thrown on. the market The Gov
ernment, report Is considered bearish and the
tendency is .to. drag. With the favorable crop
prospects it looks as if all the support must
come from the other side. •.' >. .
In this market^ futures were lower, but' spot
prices were unchanged.! .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1<8>1 01%; milline
$1 03%@l 06>i. " • x
. . CALL BOARD SALE3.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
8000 ctls, $104%; 4000." $104. . . ,« ,
Second Session— December^-18,000 ctls, $1 03%
Regular Morning- Session — December — 4000ctls
$103%; 2000, $103%. 'V - '
BARLEY— Closed the . week lower, neglected
and largely nominal in the absence of sales
Feed. 77%@80c for No. 1 and 75c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 82%O
85c; Chevalier, nominal.
. •¦ :• CALL BOARD, SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 4000
ctls; 71%c; 20C0..71V4C; May-2000. 73c.
Second Session— No sales.'
Regular Morning. Session — No sales. ••
, OATS— Dealers quote the old familiar condi
tions. The feeling continues firm. White
$1 37&@1 55; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1^3®
145; Black, $1 17%@1 30 perictl. ¦¦ . ... ' * ¦
, CORN— Firm, with slender stocks." Small
round Yellow, $1 50#l 60; Eastern Yellow
$1 27%@1 30; White. $1 35; mixed, $1 25@l 27i4 '
RYE— S0@S2%o per.ctl. . .¦.•....'*'.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at . $1 65 per ctl.
ex- warehouse. • ¦ ¦:¦ ¦ ; "
Flour and Millstuffs. '
FLOUR— California Family Extrai, $3-25@3 60,
usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25; Ore
gon, $2 50®2^5 per barrel for family and $3 75@
3 for bakers'; Washington bakers'/ $2 75@a
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks ¦ are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: ¦ Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75;* R ye
Meal, $2 50; ' Rice Flour, $7; Corn ;Meal, $3
extra cream do, $3 75;. Oat Groats, $4 75; Hom
iny. .- $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25-
Cracked Wheat.- $3 50; Farina, • $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $6 35
@>7 85; in sacks, $6@7 50; "fearl . Barley, ,* $5-
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $8 50 per 100 lbs!
Hay and Feedstuff s.
' Bran* and other Feedstuffs remain unchanged.
The" first car' of. new grain Hay of .the" season
was reported by Scott & Magper; ¦ It was'bar^*
ley f and oat," very green, clean and well cured/,
and sold at $8 per. ton, .whlchi Is 'considered a
veryfair price.- for.- this klndir of 'Hay as the
first of the eeason." ¦• . ¦
BRAN— $16 50@17 per ton.' - . .
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 60 per ton.. ¦
- FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17®18 per
Bank Clearings.
The local bank clearings during the pact
week were $^.536,138, against $19,339,378 during
the same week last year.
Coinage of the Mint}. ¦
• The ccinajre of the United States Mints for
th* current fiscal year to date Is as follows:
Double eagles ?4S,9S0,D60 00
Eagles 22.838,270 00
Half eagles ., 11,873.035 00
t»uarter eagles ". 100.820 00
Standard dollars 19.202,750 00
Half dollars 4.246,375 00
Quarter dollars ,3.207,353 50
Dimes — 2.506,835 00
Five cent* 1,182.600 00
Cents 533.460 00
Total 1900-01 $114,762.058 50
Total 1SS9-00 $123,706,633 84
Exports of Specie.
Exports of specie from this port during the
first four months of the year were $2,2i7,220,
against $6,203,100 for the same time last year,
the leading descriptions being as follows: Sil
ver bullion, $T'44,3t>0; Mexican dollars, $593,467;
silver coin, 1136,790; gold coin, $6C2J.6S; currency
and bonds, $164,66S. v
The rrincipal destinations were as follows:
China, $1,224,414: Mexico. $100,000; New York.
4SS2.CS5.
Foreign Exports.
Forelcn exports from this port durins the
first four months of the year were $12,116,370,
against $11,120,750 for the same time last year,
the leading destinations being as follows:
tireat Britain, J2.S36,670; China, $1,197,115; At
lantic ports, $3SS,832; Japan, $957,570; Australia,
J7C7,280: New Zealand, JS74.730; British Colum
bia, 1356,720; Mexico, $594,100; Central America.
Sr.72.340.- South America, $624,900; Philippine
Islands. . $390,550/
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail °advices from New York say: "There Is
a little more activity in several lines, the re
ports of crop damaee on the coast having
caused the local trade to wake up . a bit on
both apricots and peaches. At the close of the
week there was quite an active Inquiry for
rhsap peachy in bags, but it could not be dis
covered that any considerable ' lots changed
hands. "What was wanted was a peach that
could be bought at frcm 4@5c. Goods around
that price are hard to get, and for anything
really desirable SVic Is about the bot
tom. Good dry apricots in bags con
tinue to be wanted at from 8@8 l^c for putting
in storage. Box goods are less soucht . after.
Prunes continue in fair demand.
"A slight Improvement in the demand for 3
crown California loose raisins was noted Sat
urday, holders bsinK firm at 5^£c, and a fair
business being: reported at that quotation. A
bid cf 5kc from cut of town for a fair lot
v/as turned down. Dates are selling moder
ately well at a considerable shading of prices,
holders showing pressure to sell in order to
carry over as light stocks as possible. Cur
rants are firm."
Weather Report.
<lT0th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 11. 5 p. m.
¦ The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as coirr>ared with those of same date
list season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
i Last This Last "
STATIONS. ,24 Hours Season, Season.
Kureka j' 0.00 ( 45.93 1 48.35
lied Kluff 0.00 24.21 22.94
Sacran.ento j 0.00 19.52 20.24 '
Han Francisco Trace 20.51 18.42
Vraao o.oo j 11.O6 10.27 -
Independence 0.00 | 5.8* 3.63 •
Kan Luis Obispo 0.00 20.85 37.20
Los Ar.-eJes •.. 0.00 | 15.58 7.91
Han Dk-r-o 0.00 I 11.25 . 5.89
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
l"i: mir.irr.um, 4S; s^ean, 7.1. .
HTZAXHEB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over : ldaho,
Montana, and Wyoming. A moderate depres
sion is moving ranidly southeastward - along
the Rocky Mountains. The storm will prob
.aMy cause thjndor.storins in Utah. Nevada
and the Sierras. The temperature has mod
crated in the great valleys cf California.
Ooiidy weather prevails generally over the
l*acific Elope, and heavy fog is reported along
the coast.
At Xeah Bay a rainfall of 1.76 inches Is re
ported durins the past 12 hours. High winds
Ere reported at Wlnnemucca and Independ
ence.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight May 12, 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy Sunday, prob
ably I.'eht showers In the foothills; southerly
vinds Jn the interior; brisk westerly winds on
the coast, with 1 o*r.
Southern Californlar-Cloudy Sunday morn- ¦
ir.g, breaking away during the day; light i
eouthwect wind.
Nevada — Thunderstorms In northern portion .
early Sunday, clearing durine the day; high
southeast, changing to brisk northwest wind.
Utah— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday,
possibly light thunderstorms; cooler at night;
brisk northwest wind. /
Arizona — Cloudy In northern portion Sunday;
fair In Foutbern; fresh southerly wind. •¦
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday ¦
morning, with heavy fog, breaking away dur- j
Ing the day; brisk westerly winds. ;
ALEXANDER G. McADlH. \
Forecast Official. .
HOTEL ARBIV"AI»&
\ '. :'. '¦.'- PALACE HOTELS .' .' ' •
J C Galr, Chicago
Mrs Stenson, Pasadena
. M O'Brien, Pasadena
W Hammer & w. Ca!
W Gostln, Portland
F Marcus, Menlo Pi
M H Weil, N Y
¦R G Morrison, Minn j
G M Fennell, NY.
W Baumgarten . & w,
New York • : .
O Hamburger, Clnn
A S Anable, Mass
D Meacham & w
J A Mundy, Phlla
JAW Pine, N Y
A W Sherman, N Y.
. M Kirkman &.w r Chgo
Mrs . Kirkman. Chicago
"Mrs Wynne, Chicago
Miss Mores, Chicago
Mrs Putnam, Iowa ¦ .
E Wood & w, Omaha
A P Ray, Chicago
Mr Wolf & w. Chigo
G Lapely, Stanford
0 Sternberg, N Y
H Gardiner, NY.
H N Rice. Boston
F Bra Jen. L Ang - .
Miss ¦ Putnam, Iowa
B R Putnam. Butte •
B Shane, NY,
W Neimeyer & w, Cgo
J Tldford, Chicago
S Stohr . & w. Chicago
J Middleton & w. Me
H Pierpont & w, Chgo
G Lufkin, St Louis
N Smith, S Carlos
F Drew & w; Chicago
Dr Veit. Berlin . " ,
G M Hobon, Boston
C MacBride. S Jose
E Achenbach, S Jose
O Lavy. N Y_
Mrs Deckheln, NY
Mr Carks, NY
Mme F de Foucar,
Paris
Miss Proonsleve, N Y
J Lawrence. - Shanghai
A White, Shanghai !
J M Bowyer, U S N
C H Arnold, U S N
R TV Irwin, Tokio
H L Middleton. Cal
G F Becker. Wash
Judge E Fisher
Rev G W Collier
. N .Longworth
W ¦ Ray mond I & w
Special Party, Ohio—
Gov G K Nash
Miss Deshler *
Miss Helen Deshler
F M Sinks
Mrs Sinks
Col C M Spitier A w
Col H. E. Ellison & w
Col G B Donavln & w
Col J Bird & wife
J S Kelly & wife
Miss Phillips
Col C J Hoster & w
Miss . Stewart
Miss Sheddon .. ¦
Col C B Wing "; -
Col M M Gillette
H J Hoover & wife
F Black & wife
J Whiting & wife,
A.Wagner
E A Hershy
G W Slever & wife
E J Vaughan & wife
R E Jones & wife "
J M Lowe & wife
F H Miller & wife
Mrs G J Karb •
Mrs J Cashall
W H Lambrecht & w
H.S Buckland & wlfc
J D Ellison -
W C Bowland
O H Waldbrldge
H C Vortride-.
H B Arnold :.. \ .
M McDonald
J W Dages .
H C Werner
W T Burdell .
J W Falkner..
Dr G-Akensen
H A Lanman
W A Legs
Col T Ritzell
C H Marvin
T H Heywood
A T -Voorhys
S J Fllcklnger
W Josephs'
C M Peters
Judge J F Burkett
J P de Wolf
J B Allen
E Jones . '-.-.-¦'
Chase Stewart
M Zlttle -• : '->.
¦R Lazru.3
F* Troupe
Theo Troupe
L - GRAND HOTEL. ..~-
' J P Downs, ' Stockton
I H T Klinkerfues. Chgo
: V Dlllen & w. Ma
i J M Carty, Grayson
i T J Macke, Leadvllle
T H Minor & w. Arcta
Mrs N H Falk. Arcata
,C H Williams. Ferndle
T H Selvaye, Eureka
J,L Crlchton. Eureka
S A Campbell, Eureka
HH Bell. Eureka
A Joseph, Toledo
G L Cobb.- Guernevllle
W E Newton. Chicago
F T Sweeney. Cal
M Farrond. Stanford
E B Boyd. Chicago •
F O Riddell & w. Mo
W F Arcry. Mass
E J Seymour & w.Chg
L Bednark. • Nev
»R H Roys, Mich
D W Edelman & w,
Los Anjrelea , ¦
Dr S Gwaltney, S Pdro
J T Smith & w. Portld
r : . ' . new wkstt
R J Irwln, Mont'
H "Wulit-ft w. Bouldir
Mrs M Richards. Cal
S E Glasgow, Seattle
G S Blnford. Nebr !
J F Hitchcock, Denver
F S Marshall. S Cruz
8 E Ballard. San Jose .
M A Carrier & w.Arlz
R S Michael. Md
IW M Marvin, Chlco
C W Raymond. Benlcia
J Graff. Nebr
A Pennlnrton. TTklah
J R Defrees. U S N
G R Grogsen, Eureka
A O Wattler. Fresno
H A Smith. Cal
Mi.«s L -Porter. 8- Jose
C H Browne.- England
E M Crosse, England
W G Robinson. Humbt
Mrs E W Grove & a.
Albuquerque
D Eraertch. N T ¦¦••
G Harris. Minn
F L Diamond, Minn ' '
J E Cohn & w. Napa
T Flynn, N J ¦
L H Koaminsky, Sacto
J H Huchea. Sacto
T."W Griffin. Stockton
G W Stark. Iowa
G H Reed. L Angeles
J M Brown. L An* ¦
J CralS' & t. Woodland
CF Cramer. Salem
'JIN HOTEL.
Mrs T Eagan. Kans C
Mrs F H HezaJcKansC
Mrs M Ross. Kans Cy
M J Kelly. Hanford
G Miller. Colo -
G Crede, Woodward Is
F Dunson. New Tork
J J Backer. N Orleans
A Montgomery, 111
: Yesterday was a light day' on all ; the ex
changes. On the Bond Exchange'; the only
variation worthy of r note was a decline In
Spring Valley Water at $87 75@87 37&. The oil
stocks were dull, as usual. » ¦ •
• Sales, pn the Producers'. Oil Exchange . last
.week amounted to 57,081 shares, valued at' $28,
540, the principal" transactions being as . fol
lows: Petroleum Center, 19,600 shares; .Mon
arch, 3050; Junction; 1420; Lion, 5510; Reed,
1600 ; Independence, 4900; Home, 1525 s Califor
nia Standard. 690O; Oil City, 5000; Four,-2900.
Harris & Hess report the sale of 10 shares of
German Savings and Loan Society's stock, for
account of. an estate, at $1901 per share.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
'. ... SATURDAY, May 11— 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. I 'Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup..H3V4114 Is qr cp (new).137»il38&
4s quar reg — 113*4114 'Ss quar coup. . .109^4 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. : .
Bay Co P 5S..104& — Oceanic S 6s.M02%103H
Cal-st 5s ......117 — Omnibus R 6S.126 —
C C Water Ea.-.109%U0% Pac G Imp 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s.. 128^133% Pk & C H 6s.. 105 . —
Fer & Cl R 6s.H4% — Pk & O R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 6s.... — — Powll-st R 68.120 —
H C & S VAe.lWU — Sac E G R 5s. 95%100
Do 5s — — S F & SJV 5s.l20%121V&
Los Ang R 5s. — 113 Sierra Cal 6s.. — 108
L A Llsrht 6s. — 102 S P of A ' 6s "
Do sntd 6s.. — '. 104 ' (1909) ...... .'.112?ill3%
Do.gntd-5s..l00 — (1910) ........114 • —
LA& P?.fe'5s.lO2 — ' S P of C 6s •?-- ''
Do 1 c m 5s. 101 — (1S05), aer : A.106H —
Market-st Cs.. — 127& (1905), eer B.107»4 —
Do 1 c m 5S.122& — ¦ (19C6) .'.'..;.. .110 " —
Nev CO R 7s.. — 113% , (1912) .'. *— ' —
Nor R Cal 6s. — 114% S P of Cal 1st \.
Do 5s.........llS%119}4 cp gntd g 5s.lO3
Nor Pac C 6s. .100 — S P Br Cal 6s.l34' ->
Do 5s......... — 109 - S.V Wat 6s. ...llfti —
Nor Cal R 5s..ll3»A — Do 4s .....102% —
Oak Gas 6s 110 — Do 4s, 3d m. — 103>4
Do Tran 6s.. — ~ 117% Stktn Gas 6s.. 100 —
Do. Wet 5s. .104 105 -
"¦¦¦¦ WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 76% .Spring Valley. 87 87%
Marin County. 53% — I - : C : r ..
¦ .' GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P....~3 — Pacific Lt..?... 42% 43%
Equitable ..... 3% 3% Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual..'. 8% — S F G & E.... 38 39 .
Oakland 60% 60% San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pacific ImpT... 34 36 • Stockton .....'. 7% —
1 .. ' ¦' ¦. :„ ¦ ' : INSURANCE. ¦-/.' • ' - . :
•Firem's Fund. 235 245 / ; ¦
: " .' BANKS. I.
Anglo-Cal . .... 75 — L P &. A:...;. 147. — .
California ....406 . — Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107 — " S F National. — 125
First Nat. 310 315. ,- . "
• • SAVINGS BANKS. . .
German ' . . . '. .'. 1840 " — Sav- & ' Loan ... — — '¦'.:
Humboldt — — Security. :'275 —
Mutual .50 — Union Trust.. 1400 — .
San Francisco.olS.—. •
STREET RAILROADS. .
California ..T.130 140 O,S L & H.... 40 —
Geary 47%— Presidio ; 25 30
Market ./ 70%-, - ' -
POWDER. . " .
Giant .....:.... 76% 79 jVigorit 2% 3
sugar: • -• .,
Hana ........... 7% 7% Kllauea ./.."... 18% —
Hawaiian 51% 52% Makawell ..... -39% 41
Honokaa ...... 26% 27 Onomea 20. 25
Hutchinson ,.. 15% 20% Paauhau .2S(% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. ¦
Alaska Pack..l36%137%i Oceanic SS -44 —
Cal Fruit Can.'— 100 I Pac Aux PAL; 2
Cal Wine Asn. 99%— Pac C Borax.. 14!» v —
Mer Ex.. ...... 110; — Ipar Paint..... 19 —
. .,' Morning. Session. ' •; ;' ¦'-. '
Board— - .." , .'.
10 Alaska Packers' Assoclatlon.......l36 75
90 Contra Costa Water 78 00
10 Makawell ....'. 40 00
10 Spring Valley Water S7 75
3 10 Spring Valley Water. ......' 87*">0
10 Spring Valley Water ~'S7%7%
Street— • *¦¦,.--¦ .•-¦¦¦< ¦- •-.••¦.
$5000 Contra Costa Water bonds. ..j'..... .110 'oo ' '
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds.. .....119 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. •
Board— ¦' ; ''-' "' ' '¦ ,- : ¦
200 Four t .....'... ;,¦ 47 '
200,Home. ........: ;..*.... 3 13
1500 Lion ...............'¦.. :...... ..... 12 *
60 Lion ' 13
100 Monarch of Arizona,. s 90 ;. 46
100 Monte Cristo, s 90 ;.: ;..-. '2' 30 :
797 Occidental of West Virginia..;........- 65 •
10 Peerless ' '.. .:.. 8" 00
1400 Petroleum Center ." ;. ¦• 08
100 Twenty-eight ;...... ..; '.;...-.. 11*
200 Wolverine '.....•... ,,.... '1 00
60 Wolverine .....".:... '¦• X 05
' BAN FRANCISCO OIL 'EXCHANGE.
, ' ! . Morning Session.
Board- ¦ ¦«¦ ¦
1500 Lion . .:..... ...........:.... ..;.•......•.. «
600 Lion, a 30...... ¦"- ¦: 11
300 Monarch of Arizona..;.......''......... ' 45
2000 Petroleum Center ¦'.. ....•; 08 "
MINING STOCKS.
The following were : the sales "^n the : ' San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: . , • ' : ¦ . •
' Morning Session. .' •
300 Andes ...".". 06 500 Ophir~ ........... 83
: 600 Con Cal& Va.2 25 300 Savage ..... 13
200 Crown Point... .13 100 Union Con- .... 19
1500 Occidental ..... 03 200 Utah ........... 07
400 Ophlr 8<5 -...-;
The' following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange : yesterday : - ,
.... . Morning Session. .
900 Andes ........-, 07 200 Ophir .......... 86
200 Beloher ..:... ..,11 ' 50 Ophlr:......;... 87
300 Best & Belcher 24 300 Potosl .......... 06
200 Con Cal & V-2 27% ; 200 Savage 13
500 Con Cal & Va.2 23 400 Sierm Nevada. -17
800 Mexican •.. 18 300 Union Con 20
CLOSING • QUOTATIONS. ' '
v'.'': SATURDAY, May 11—12 « m.
¦'.¦' Bid.Ask. - , Bid.Ask.
Alpha 02. 03 Justice 04 06
Alta ..'.....Y.... 02 04 Kentuck ....... — > 02
Andes .......... 06 07 Lady Wash .... — 01
Belcher ........ 11 12 Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental .. 03 04
Bullion ;.. 02 : OJ Ophir ..'. 87 89
Caledonia. ...... — 60 Overman' ... .11 12
Challenge Con. 10 .11 Potosl -04 05
Chollar ......... 06 07 Savage ....12 13
Confidence .'."..; '55 —Scorpion ....:..— 04
Con Cal & Va.2 25 2 30 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — '01 Sierra Nevada. 15 16.
Con New.Tork. i— ' 01 Silver Hill 32 3G
Crown Point .. 13 14 St Louis....... 06 —
Eureka - Con ".. 06 — Standard ...'...4 00 4 10
Exchequer ....".,— 02 Syndicate 06 —
GOuld & Curry 13 14 Union Con 19 20
Hale & Norcrs 18 21 Utah ............ .06 07
Julia"..... ..¦' — •.' 02 yellow > Jacket. . 17 ' 18
HEAL ESTATE THAIjTSACTIONS.
"John T W. ' Quick to t'Annle Patterson, lot 'on
N* line of Waller - street, 106:3 E of Pierce, E
25 by N. 137:6; $3000.'.. - "" * ; . -¦ A -¦ -\
Annie • Patterson to - Cafrle • A. '.Wilson ¦ (wife
0f-H.' ; O.), same, reserving life estate; -gift.
Nathaniel H. Harris to John Hays Hammond,
Catherine Curley to • Catherine M. Molloy I
.. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦ •, j u iy. 6ept _
Opening 6 10^ .; 6 9%
Closing .- s 10V4 -6 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— . -. ; - ; / " May. July-Aug.
Opening .....19 55 20 35
Closing ; 19 60 20 80 v
Flour-.- ... ••¦=-. ••
Opening ....;. 24 85 25 50
Closing '.....24 75 • 25 40
Chicago Livestock Market.
j CHICAGO, May 11.— CATTLE— Receipts 1100.
Nominally steady. Good to prime "] steers,
to@5 90; poor to medium, $3 90@4 90; stockers
and feeders, $3 15@5; cows. $2 75@4 60; heifers,
$2 75@4 76; canners, $2 10@2 75; bulls, $2 75®
4 40; calves. J3 ?5@4 75; Texas fed steers. $4 250
5 40; bulls. $2 75@3 75. < .
HOGS— Receipts, 12,000; Monday, 28,000; left
over, 1,000. Shade higher, active, good clear
ance; top, $5 80; mixed • and butchers, $5 65®
5 80; good -to choice heavy, $5 65@5 80; rough
heavy. $3 50@5 CO; light, $3 45@5 75; • bulk of
sales, $5 62Vs@5 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 200. Sheep nad lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 15@4 35;
fair to choice mixed, $4 B0@4 55; Western sheep,
$4 20@4 35; yearlings, $4 25@4 50; native Iambs,
$4@5 20; Western lambu, $4 50@5 20.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW. YORK,; May 11.— Cotton opened steady,
with prlceB 4 to 7 points higher on strong
cables and a bad scare cf room shorts. July
was advanced 7.84c on the first buying. Soon
after the call the market turned heavy and
broke 6 to 9 points under profit-taking and
selling. Business quieted down and the mar
ket, closed steady, 8 to 11 points lower.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. May 11.— The exports of gold
and silver from this port to all countries for
tUls-week aggregated $441,500 silver bars and
coin and $760,500 gold. The imports of specie
this week were $24,104 gold and $71,090 silver.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise at
the port of New York for the week were val
ued at $12,550,832.
New .York Metal- Market:
NEW YORK. May II.— Features of Import
ance or price '¦ changes were lacking to-day on
the local market for metals, due principally to
the absence of cable information from abroad.
Tin was quiet at $26 35(^26 75. Lead, dull and
.unchanged. Spelter,' -quiet, at $3 95@4. Cop
per—Lake, $17; casting, $16 62%- -Pigiron war
rants, unchanged.
London Wool Sales. *
LONDON, May 11.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 10,735 bales. In
cluding a good selection of scoureds. Bidding
was .brisk. Some good parcels of crossbreds
and merinos were taken by Americans. Cape
of Good Hoi>e and Natal sold freely at firm
rates. Finest merinos and scoured showed an
advance of 10 per cent over the opening rates.
Foreign Markets.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, May 11.— Consols, 94%; silver,
27 5-16d; French rentes, lOlf 65c; cargoes on
passage, .easier and neglected.; English coun
try markets, quiet. • '
LIVERPOOL, May 11.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2d@6s 2V4d; wheat in
Paris, dull;' flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England,
cloudy and threatening. ' ' ¦
COTTON— Uplands, 4 7-16d. s : - '
, . . CLOSING. , ,..! '•
WHEAT— Spot— Steady. No. 2 red Western
winter, 5s ll'/td; Nol 1 Northern springy. 6s id;
No. 1 California, 6s 1V4<3. - Futures— Steady.
July. 5s 10%d; September. 5s 9%d.
CORN — Spot — American mixed new, easy, 4s
19id; American mixed old, quiet, 4s 3Hd. Fu
tures—Steady. July, 3s lljid; September, 3s
HV*d. ~jT
FLOUR — St. Louis fancy winter, dull, Ss.
HOPS — At London— Pacific Coast, steady, £4
@£4 15s.
PORTLAND, May 11.— Clearings, $276, 992 ; bal
ances. $27,415.
Nort.J.rn -Wheat Market.
•six " OREGON. t '.
PORTLAND, May 11.— WHEAT— Walla WaJ
la, 59c. . ¦'¦¦¦¦.¦
WASHINGTON.
. TACOMA, May - 11.— WHEAT— Quiet am
steady; Blue Stem, 61c; Club, 59c.
«. — .
WASHINGTON. May 11.— To-day's statement
cf the treasury balances In the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division .of redemption, shows: Available ca«h
balance, $15.6, 4S8, 412; gold, $98,995,275.
Condition of the Treasury.
Bar "Silver firm, 27 5-16d per ounce.
Money, 2!ff3 per cent.
LONDON, May 11.— Atchlson, 73%; Canadian
Pacific, 1C5»4; Union Pacific preferred, 95;
Northern Pacific preferred, 109; Grand Trunk,
11V4; Anaconda, 9H: United States Steel, 45;
"United States Steel preferred," 96.
London . Market.
center, both by Institutions and by operators
whose accounts had been weakened. It is also
true that a great deal of investment buying
from outside sources has been going on. These
influences do not show In. the current exhibit.
The export of a Email amount of gold during
the week in the face of money rates far above
normal . created some comment, but it Is ex
plained that .this was on a previous order.' To
what extent the International exchange situa
tion has been affected over the last week can
not be stated accurately, but- it will not be
strange if some unexpected features appear as
a result of the causes already alluded to. The
official statements of tne New York City banks
as made last week show that they have lost
$10,000,000 in cash since the previous call in
February.' while deposits have contracted about
$11,300,000 and loans have remained almost sta
tionary. In other words, their reserve is lower
than at the beginning of February. _ It is sig
nificant that of the losses in deposits the
greater part can be traced to the withdrawals
of interior institutions. Any maintenance of
firm rates here,* however, will attract funds to
this center.
Wall street closed for the day.
Silver firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Shipment of $66,6oo to China.
Weekly bank clearings gain as usual. : (
Wheat and Barley futures lower. . '
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged. '
Pink Beans quoted in fair demand for shipment.
First new Oat and Barley Hay of the season sold at $8 per ton.
Potatoes lower, but closely lield in fewer hands. Onions weak.
Vegetables continue weak and plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in lieavy supply and weak. .
Poultry closed dull and easy.
Ten or tzrclve cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrozv.
Cherries and Strawberries continue to bring good prices.
A car of line Apples in from the East.
Provisions dull at the old quotations.
Local packers continue to reduce their bids for Hogs.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges.
Decreased exports of specie. Increased exports of goods. •.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS:
BEEF— 7@79io for' Steers and 6@7o per ib for
cows. ¦¦!¦ '-¦•" ¦ ' • ¦• - . ¦'•--:- ¦ ¦ ¦¦•¦ '.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb. \ '
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8Hc;Ewes. 7H®8o per
pound. '•¦• - • . *
LAMB— Spring, 9c per pound.:.- .
>" PORK— Live Hogs, 180 lbs and under, 6%o;
180 to 225 lbs, . 6%@fi%c; 225 and over, 6@6%c;
feeders,' ; dressed Hogs, 734@9e. - .. .' ' -
. . '. ¦ ¦;¦ - '¦ • ' . ¦ ¦ - ¦—-¦'•
General Merchandise^^M A
.". BAGS— San' Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, ; 6%@7c ; local make, He less than
Calcuttas; -/ Wool I Bags-, 30@34c; Fleece Twine,
7H@8c. -,7'-. - : ¦ . ¦ -• . . -. :¦¦ ¦•• ,
; COAL— Wellington," $9 . per . ton; - Southfleld
Wellington, ?9f Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 60; Cpos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end; $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25. In
sacks; , Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15- per' ton in bulk and
$17 "In* sacks; "Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 SO per ton, accord
ing -to brand.- " •¦¦•¦'- '• •"¦ . . : ¦ )
RICE— China, No. 2, $4@4 05; No,: 1, • $4 63@5;
extra, $5 20@5 60;. .Japanese, ] $4 75@5 60;' Louisi
ana, $4@6 50; Hawaiian, nominal. " ". '
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
76c; raw,-73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
¦winter Ftrained, barrels, SOc; cases. 85c; China
Nut, 63@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, £ 5c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure,' 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37&@42o per gallon; Fish
Oil. In ' barrels. 35c; Cases, 40c. ¦ , •¦•.'.¦
• COAL OIL— Water. White Coal OIL" in bulk,
,13c;' Pearl OH, In cases, 19c; Astral, 19c; ; Star,
19c; Extra 'Star, 23c{ Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove Gasoline,' In bulk, 15c;- la
cases, 21c; Benzine, 'in bulk, 14c; In cases, 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c: In cases, 26c- -
TURPENTINE— 56c per gallon in cases and
49c in drums • or iron barrels. • -. ¦ ¦ -¦¦-¦.¦
SUGAR— The -Western Sugar . Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: "^ '
j • Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered, f..86c; Candy. Gran
ulated, ,5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.73c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, b.SOc; Mag
nolia. A'. 5.35c; Extra'C, 6.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes,
60a more; SO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
inoa, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
- , Receipts of . Produce. '
FOR SATURDAY, *MAT 1L . • \
Flour, qrsks.... 9,200, Hay, tons ........ 492
Wheat, ctls '..,. 82,77<? Straw, tons ..... 5
Barley, ctls ...... 6,680 ! Wool, bales *-- 33
Oats, ctls ....;;.. 90 Bhorts. sks ..... 760
Beans, sks 62S Wine, gals 67,740
Corn, ctls 64fl Leather, rolls ... ft)
Potatoes, sks ... 2,182 Silver, flks 76
Onions, sks .... • 674 Hides. No. ...... 254
Bran, sks 2,016 Pelts, bdls 33
Middlings, ska .. -63 Lime, bbls 273
UTAH. 1 . .
Flour, 'ar'sksi... "3,161 |
-Mary C. and Louis 8aar to Paulina. Smith
(wife of Henry ;L.), alt interest In lot on E
line of First avenue, 100 S of Avon street. S
100 by.W 115, block B. Vernon~Park» Oakland;
$1150. • . ,
Ira and Charlotte A. Vaujthan to Ros* M.
Murphy, lot on S line of Eighth street, 35:« E
or Klrkham,: E 31:6 by S 125.' block 633, Board
man's map, Oakland; $2500.
.William A. Wilson, (as executor of the estate
of Edward D. Heatley) to Walter Clark, all
Interest In lot on NB corner «f University ave
nue and Fourth street, E 80 by N 100, Berke
ley; $275. •
Walter Clark to Janet E. Mason, all Interest
In same, Berkeley; $10.
Frank E. and Mary Armstrong, Byron B.
and Florence J. Underwood to Anna B. Clark.
lot on W line of Walnut street, 173:1 S of
1 Cedar,. W 125 by 8 40, being the N 40 feet Of
lot 18, block C. Percy Tract, Berkeley: $3500.
Georgianna de Rohan Baronldls (wldow> to
Hugh A.-McColl. lots 46 to 48, block 28, on
may of I. M. Wentworth Boot and Shoe Co.'s
Tract, Berkeley; $1500.
George and Nellie M. Brown to I. W. and
Ella M. Bridenbecker, lot on N line of Fran
cisco street, 339:6 E of West, E 50 by N 135.
lot 24, block r>, Janes' Tract, Berkeley: ..1000.
Nell O'Neill to James Hoey. lot 23. block A,
Linda Rosa Tract, Brooklyn Township: $75.
Alameda Land Company to James Denny,
re-record 687 d 204, lot on E line of Chestnut
street, 117:8 N of Clinton avenue, N 32:4 by
E 100, being the N J2:4 of lots 1 and i In W
Vi block N, lands adjoining to Enclnal. Ala
meda; $1000. - - •¦¦•¦'.
Builders' Contracts.
Philip Baunwarth (owner) with J, Bucher
(contractor), | architects Martens & Coff ey— All
work except plumbing, painting, mantels and
gas fixtures for a three-story frame building
(five flats, store and basement) on lot on NE
corner of Eddy and Flllmore streets, E 100 by
N 27:6; $10,100. .'
Same owner with John F. Noonan (contrac
tor), . architect same— Sewering, plumbing, gas
fitting, - etc>, for same on same; $1375. • ¦*
Martin A. Flynn (owner) with C. J. Antwiler
(contractor), architect M. J. Welsh— All work
for a two-story frame building . (two flats) on
lot on W line of Minnesota street, 160 N of
Jfwenty-second, N 25 by W 100, P N S56; $2650.
ff Jftan Allec (owner) with L. B. Perramont
(contractor), architects E. Deplerre and P.
Rlghettl— All work except mantels, gas fix
tures and shades for a three-story frame build
ing on lot on NE corner of Folsom and Twen
tieth streets, 50 on Folsom by 85 on Twentieth;
$18,011. -'. -: ¦• . - . .;¦ ; .;,; v., -,.
: G. L. Page (owner) with C. Schutt . (contrac
tor), architects Martens & Coffey— All work
except lathing, plastering, electrical -work,
gas fitting, plumbing, painting, mantels, gaa
fixtures, shades and heating" for a four-story
frame building on lot on NW corner of Polk
and Fern avenue, -W 110 by N JO; $10,400.
: Joseph W. Salz (owner) with .O. Peterson
(contractor); architect E. A. Herman— All
work for a two-story frame building with un
finished basement on lot on E line of Stelner
street, 51:6 S of Vallejo, S 26 by E 137:6, W A
317; $4150. . • - . r-;. ...... -.¦¦
Alameda County.
(wife of Thomas), lot on B line of nilmore
street. 83 S of Grove, S 27:6 by E 100; $3500.
lot -on N line ' of - Vallejo,' 403 :1H • E of Devls»
dero, E 34:4% by N- 137:6;; also lot on SE cor
ner of X>evisadero and Green streets. S 103 by
E 103:1%;. also lot on NW corner of Green and
Devlsadero, W 34:4ft by N 103:6; |10.
James J. Beatty to A. F. Morrison, lot on
S line of • Hayes street, 169 :3 B of Masonic
avenue.' E 25 by S 137:6; $2000.' ¦* ¦. :
-Fredericka ¦ M. BIstrup to Mary J Sheanon
(wife of John>. lot on W line of Folsom street,
100 8 of Seventeenth, S 24 by W 122:6; 11500.
, Daniel J. and . Mary R. Brennan to Michael
and Bridget Gibbons, lot- on N line of Twenty
second street, 75 .W of Florida, W 25. by N 104;
»150a • - • -. ¦- •-.; \ •. :.¦•• -.• .,:.-.
•-Joseph and Catherine Sims to Anton O. "Web
ber, lot on E( line ¦ of ¦ Treat avenue, 104 S
of Twenty-third street,-. 8 28' by B 122:«; $2000.
Annie "Wade to James F. McCabe,' undivided
one- half Interest In lot on N line of O'Farrell
street. 137:1% E, of Leavenworth, E 34:9«4 by
N 137:6 gift. , - *¦-¦' , - *•;
Same to Mary, C. McCue, undivided one-half
Interest In same; gift.
C. Osgood and Ella O. Hooker . to A. W.
Pattlani. ' lot on N 1 line of Ellis street, 197 W
of Jones. W 88 by N 120; J25.000.
Gustaf E. and Androsella Llndquist to Power
Estate' Company (a corporation), lot' on SB
corner of Marlppsa-street and San Bruno ave
nue (Nebraska street). 8 25:« by E 100; $3000.
Olive E. and George B. Flint to Andrew I*
Edwards, lot en E line of Tenth' avenue, 250
B of — street, S 25 by B 120; $450. '
"M. A. Meier to Jacob Mlgeot,- lot 13, block
365, South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; grant.
Dudley L. and Charlotte F. Watson to Joseph
B. Coryell. lot on corner of Thirty-eighth
avenue and Railroad avenue South. NK 60 by
NW 123:10, block 67, Paul Tract; $1500.
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@28; jobbing
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, *17@18; Corn Meal,
$27 50@28; Cracked Corn, $2S 60@29; Mixed Feed
$15@16. .-,-¦- .-- - - . ,...-.-
HAY— Volunteer, *3@S< Wheat, *U@13; Wheat
and Oat, ?9@12; Oat, ; »9@ll 50;. Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $&@9 50; Barley. $7 50@9 60 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale/ .. - v
1 . " :\ . Beans ; &nd: Seeds.
¦' Holders of Pink Beans -are reporting a very
fair shipping demand fbr them at steady prices.
¦ Other Beans show ' no particular movement. -
¦'BEANS- Bayos, $2 45@2 65; Small White, $4 80
@4 90; Large White, »4@4 20; Pink, »1 60@l 85;
Red, ?3@3 25; Blackeye, ?3; Llmas, J6 25®C 3E;
Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, ?4 60 per ctL .--•¦• .
. SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; -Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax,' $2 60@3; Canary, 3%g
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa,;.nominal; Rape, 2&
2Hc; Hemp, 3%c;- Timothy," 6^c. .
. . DRIED PEAS— Nlles, J2@2 50; Green, $2 70©
3 per.ctl; Blackeye, nominal. . , ,. . ,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' Oregon Potatoes are lower than they have
been, but the market: Is ¦ In fewer hands and
the feeling is ' steadier. Onions continue to
Bhade off. ". ' '
. There-is very little change in Vegetables, all
kinds, being Int. ample supply. >• .1 r ..-
Receipts were 1215 boxes Asparagus, 638 boxes
Rhubarb, 792 sacks Bay Peas and/ 132 sacks
String Beans. ;. .'.<•:• .- • ... .
¦ POTATOES— Early- Rose. 75c«*$l: Burbanks.'
75cig$l for River and • %l@\ 35 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles, 11 50; Sweets, 60@65c for Mer
ced; New Potatoes, 1%@1%c per lb. •..<-,
ONIONS— Cut Onions, 50c&*l 25' per- sack;
Australians/jobbing, at $4@4 50; Green Onions,
25@40c per box; New Red, 65c@$l per sack
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, - 40c@$I per box;
i Asparagus, Jl 75 for fancy, Jl 25@1 5ff per box for
! No/1 and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas, 75c@$l
pec sack; Garden Peas, 2c; String Beans, 1%@
3^c for Los Angeles and 4@7c for Vacaville;
Horse Beans7 50S60c per sack; Cabbage, 90c per
ctl; Tomatoes, Mexican. : $1 25@1 75 per crate;
from Los Angeles, 75c@$l 50; Dried Peppers, 12®
18c; 'Dry Okra, 15c per lb; Carrots, 26@3Sc per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 60@75c per dozen;
Garlic, S@10c per lb for old and 5c for new;
Gr&en Peppers, G@10c per lb; Egg Plant, 10®15c
perlb. '
Poultry and Game.
Poultry- closed the week dull, with plenty of
Hens and small broilers left 'on hand at -the
close. ' ; . - ¦ • •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys' 9@llc'fOr Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens; Geese,' per pair, $1 50@
175; Goslings, $150@2; Ducks, J4@4 50 for old
and $5 50@"6 50 for young; Hens, $4@5; young
Roosters, ?7®8: old Roosters, ?4@4 50; Fryers,
$5 50@ 6 50; Broilers, $4 50@5 for large and J2@3
for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 50®l 75 for Squabs. ...
GAME— Hare, ?1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 60 for
Cottontail and 75c@fl for Brush. • ¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The depression in Eggs is still. the feature of
this market. Some dealers ascribe It to the
falling off In the demand owing to«'the cooks
and waiters', strike, while others take a differ
ent view and resard it; as -the usual condition
at this time of the year. Certainly the "market
is oversupplied,, dull, and weak. • .. ,
Cheese is dulland weak at the decline. Stocks
are too heavy.
The situation. in .Butter Is similar tothat In
Cheese and Eggs. ! Supplies -are too large and
the market is weak and dull.
Receipts were 66,000 pounds and 105 tubs of
Butter, 1752 cases Eggs, 1280 cases Eastern
Eggs, 4150 -pounds California Cheese and
Bounds Eastern Cheese. . ¦ . - ..
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS..
BUTTER— Creamery, 17'4@18c per lb for fancy
and 16V4<3>l"c for seconds; dairy. Uft\f,\ic per lb
CHEESE— New, 8>4@9%c; old, . nominal.
¦ ElioS— Ranch, 14%@ 16c for • good to fancy;
store, 13@14c per dozen. . . ..¦.:'¦¦
DAIRY" EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— • ¦
Creamery— Extras, 17c; : firsts, 16c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, lac; seconds, ;
store. 13c. " • . : •
CHEJESE— Fancy, full cream, 8^c; choice,
8c; common, nominal ; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, ' full cream, 14@16c per.lb.
EGGS— .--¦:¦- . .
. California Ranch— Selected White, 14Hc;
mixed colors, 13c per dozen. . -~
California Gathered— Selected, 13c; standard,
12%c; seconds, .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
-In addition to' the receipts of Strawberries
Quoted below, 500 crates, equivalent to' 100
chests, came in from Florin and Woodland.
This- Is- something .new. These crates sold at
$1 40® 1 75 per crate.
Cherries stood about tht same as on the pre-
ceding day. Gooseberries and- Currants came
"lit" late.— 'which affected "their sale.- . v
A car of Eastern Apples, in boxes, is on the
market. The fruit is Ben Davis and very large"
and choice, and is selling at ?2 50@2 75 per box.
Ten or twelve cars of Oranges are announced
for to-morrow's auction. The market for all
citrus fruits remains unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Eastern. |2 5O@2 75 per .box; local,
green, 75c. . ¦ .
APRICOTS— From Turaa and Vacaville, $1 25
@2 50 per crate.*
CHERRIES— Receipts were 2200 boxes, selling
at 40@SSc per box for red and 75c@$l for dark/
• STRAWBERRIES— $10@13 per chest for Long
worths and $5@8 for large berries. Receipts
were 240 chests.
BLACKBERRIES— From Covlna, 1150" per
crate; from Newcastle, S2 per crate.
RASPBERRIES— From Newcastle, $1 60 per
drawer.
GOOSEBERRIES— S0@50c per drawer.
CURRANTS— Jl 50 per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, |1@2 50;
Seedlings. 50c@|l; Tangerines, 50c@?l 25 ; Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 25 for
good to choice; prape Fruit. 60c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $4@4 50; Banana?, $1 25@2 50 p«r bunch
for New .Orleans and $1 25@2 . for . Honolulu;
Pineapples, ?2@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Opinions of \ dealers differ widely as to the
value of Honey, as will be seen by the wider
range In quotations. The demand is nothing
extra.
There Is nothing new in. fruits.
FRUITS— Apricots,- 5@7%c for Royals; Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried, l^@2c; Peaches.
3%@4c for standard, 4V2&5%c for choice and 6<g>
SV-c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3H@
5c; unpltted, l@l%c;-Nectarines. 4@4^4c for red
and 4(R5c for white. ' . ¦ •
PRUNES— 4 slzej, 3c; 40-50s. 614c: 50-60s,.4%c;
60-70s. 3%c; 70-SOs, -3V4C; 8O-90s. 2%c; SO-lOOs,
2V4c; 100-120s, l%c. ' >.¦....
ftAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
his established the following prices ; Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's,- 9c per lb.- Sultanas— Fancy; 10%c per
lb; choice. 9V4c; standard. 8%c; prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless, 50- lb boxes,
g^c- 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6Hc; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crowri, 5c; 3-crown.* 5>4c, and
4-crown. 5^c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6%c;
London Layers,- 2-crown, ?1 50 per box; 3
crown $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial. ?3. All/prices f. o. b., at common
shipping points in California. ¦ i - ¦•
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10@llc; No.
2 7V4©Sc; No. 1 hardshall, 10c; No. 2, 6@7c;
Almonds. 13@14c for papershell, 10@llc for soft
shell and 5@6c for hardshell ; Peanuts, 6@6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts* ll@ll%c; Filberts,
l2@12V4c: Pecans, 11 <S 13c; 1 Cocoanuts. {3 £0®5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12V4c for bright and ll@
HV4c ior Heht amber; water white extracted
»@6c;' HEht amber extracted; 4@5c; dark, 3V6
S4C. ' ' • '¦ ' • -.,-•.•
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb. ;
Provisions.
The situation remains as previously quoted.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per 1b for heavy,
12Vi@13c for light medium, I3%c for light, u^c
for extra light and 15%c for. sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mesa Beef; $12 per
barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Family, *ll 50; prime
Mess Pork, ?15; extra clear, f 23;. -Mess, *19;
Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per lb J
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per Ib for com
pound. and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
We; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One . half-barrel.. 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c: ono tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8Vfcc; five tierces. 8%c per lb. ...
Hides, Talloiv/Wool and Hops.
' HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lVfcc under quotations. .' Heavy . Salted
6teers,\ 10c;' medium, -9c; light, SOS^c: : Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
6%c: Salted Kip,9c; Salted Veal. 9@9%c; Salted
Calf.. 10c; Dry Hides,. 16c; Culls, 13}i@14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry' Calf, 16@17c; Culls and Brands,
13@14c ; <¦" Sheepskins, shearlings, : 15@30c each ;
BhorfWooi; 30@50o each: medium, 60@75c; long
Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for
large and $2®2 25 for medium, $l@i 25 for'small
arid 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, ury, $1.75 for
large, *1 25 for medium, Jl for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red' skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. v Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c;. medium/ SBc. ' . '.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, i%c per lb; No. 2,
3%@4c; grease, 2@2V4c; . •
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or . 1901— Humboldt : and
Mendoclno, 15@16c per lb ; Northern, : free, 12®
13c; defective. 9@llc: Middle County,' free,. 10®
lie; do, defective, c 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8@9c; . Southern, I free, 7 ' months, 7@10c; do." de
fective, .7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, r fine, . 15
®16c;. do," medium, and- coarse, 14@15c; Oregon
Eastern, choice, 12@14c;.do, fair to good,,9@llc'
Nevada, 10@12c. ,-.- ¦ ¦¦'¦'..¦:. : ' ; ..
¦-, HOPS— i:620c per ,1b. ; , ......:•
.[San Francisco Meat Market: :.
Hogs* are still .quoted weak and defining by
the local packers. There are no' other changes.
THE SAN FEANOISCOGALIi, SUN PAY, MAY^ 12, 1901.
Articles— . . Receipts. Shipments.
w£ ur v b S rr i la . ••....-.. i8,<xfr s 19.000
vVheat, bushels 640,000 380,000
Corn, bushels 321,000 487.000
Oats, bushels .......268,000 228,000.
Rye. bushels 13,000 6,000'
Barley, bushels 14.000 - 6,000
basis .or : Wgh wlnei, $1 28; clover, contract
erade, $9 50. . .
¦^On 1 • the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
??l£c wa " firm; dreameries, 14@18c; dairies,
ll@16c. Cheese, 9%@llo. Eggs, easy; fresh, lie.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
35
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles— • Open. High.
¦Wheat No. Z — - •
May 70% " • 70T4 •
July 71 71% '
Corn No. 2— •
May 50% 62 *
July. 44% 44%
September 44% 44%
Oats No. 2— - .
May 28 . .28
July 27%". 27%
September 25 26%
M*sa . Pork, per- bbl— >
May 14 62% 14 65
July -.14 80 14 85
September 14 50 14 50
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May ,..........:.... 7 90 7 95
July 7 92% 7 92%.
September 7 92% 7 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— •* • '
May 8 05 : 8 12% '
July 7 85 7 ?0 .
September ...7 85 * .7 85 ••
, LOW.
¦ M 70%
'„ \70%
SS 50%
43%
43%
27%
27
25
14 45-.
14 60 .
14 30
7 87% "
.7 85 '
. 7 87%
" 8 05/
7 82%
.7 80
Close.
•! 70%
. 70%
' 51%
43%
43%
27%
¦ ". 27%
25
1 14 45 "
14 60
14 30
" 7 87%
7 85
7 87%
8 10
7 82%
7 80
DIED:
Continued From Page Thirty-Four.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
May 14. 1901. at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, . 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
C?" Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2345 Howard street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth.. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
WILLIAMS— In this city." May 10,' 1901. Wil-
liam P.. beloved husband of Maggie M.
Williams, father of Willie and Robert Wil-
liams, and brother of John Williams, a na-
tive of Wales, aged 45 years. .
C7Friends - and . acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Tbeodor Dlerks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth.' Interment Masonlo
Cemetery.
PUCKERING— In this city.- May. 10.. 1901. John
R. Puckering (for many years purser on
China steamers), a native . of .Bridlington.
j England. (Oakland. Alameda and London,
' England, papers please . copy.) ; : . r
(CTFrlends are respectfujly Invited to at-
. tend the funeral services this day (Sun-
day), at 3 o'clock, at the parlors of X. Gray
& Co., 641 Sacramento street." Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. ' . . • ' > '
ROBINSON— In this city. May 11, 1901. Wil-
liam Robinson, beloved father of -Mrs. Robert
Abram. ared 75 years. . y
tyFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
. tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 1:30
o'clock, from his late residence. 235 Hayes
street, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall. Seventh
and Market- streets, where funeral services
will be held at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
- of California Lodge, I. O. O. F.
STEIN— In this city. May ¦ 10. 1901. Charles
William, beloved husband of Frederlca Bar-
bara . Stein, a native of Germany, aged 71
years 5 months and 14 days. .
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1538 Sherman street. Alameda. thence
to I. O. O. F. Cemetery. San Francisco, via
12 o'clock creek boat.
PARKINSON— In this city. May IV 1901.
George C, beloved husband of Ella A. Park-
inson, and stepfather ; of William V. and
Mary E. McLean, -a native of Philadelphia,
. Pa., aged 74 years 7 months and 20 days.
PETERSEN— In this city. May 11. 1901, Cap-
tain Axel T. Petersen, beloved husband of
| Ethel Petersen, a native of Harhus. Den-
mark, aged S3 years and 9 months. ¦
PINTO— Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the setting of
the tombstone In memory of the late Adolph
and Fannie Pinto this day (Sunday), at
2:30 o'clock. Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
PLEWNIA— In this city. May 7, 1901. Simon
Plewnia. a native of Germany, aged 73 jears
~ and 6 months.' .
|T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
MOORE— At the Presidio. May. 11. 1901, Cyn-
thia Eleanor, beloved daughter ' of C. J. B.
- Moore, and sister of "Willard C. Moore, a na-
tive bf Illinois, aged 28 years.
NEWMAN— In Alameda. May 9. .1901. Philip,
beloved husband of Emma Newman, father
of Fred Newman, and brother of Rudolph.
Peter. Fred, Jacob and George Newman, a
native of Germany, aged 63 years and 1
month, i '
years 1 month and 15 days.
. - E7"Funeral services to-morrow . (Monday),
at 10 o'clock, at the residence of his brother-
in-law, J.- J.- Loggle. 71} 8hotwell street. In-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
Mclaughlin— in this city. May it. 1301.
John McLauKhlln, a native of Ireland, aged
63 years.
MAYO— In this city, May 9. 1901. Peter Mayo,
a native of Acapulco, Mexico, aged 40 years
and 4 days. ¦ . .
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 202% Ninth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will-- be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers. '
LUCY— In Crockett. May 10, 1901. Denis, be-
loved son of Patrick and Mary Lucy, and
brother, of Maggie and John Edward Lucy,
a native of Crockett, aged 3 years and 1
month." ,•".-. .,..' . .
'Ey Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), on the 7:50 a. m. train from
Crcckstt. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKAY— In this city, Mar 11. 1901. Edward A.
McKay, a native of Eureka. Cal., ared 41
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking- Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment I. O.
, O. F. Cemetery. - « *
LEWIS— In this city. May 10, lflOt Mary Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of David G. Lewla.
daughter of Henry' Bailey, and sister of
"William, Henry. Joseph and John Bailey, a
native of San Francisco, aged 30 years.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. 8uhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween I Seventh and Eighth, where services
will be held under the auspices of the Nord-
. dcutscher Vereln. -Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by carriaffe.
KREKER— May 9. 1901, Jacob, husband of the
late Catherine Kreker. and beloved father of
Edward Kreker, a native of Germany, aged
73 years 2 months and 13 days. Formerly of
Oakland, Cal. (Oakland papers ple&ae copy.)
tive of "Wageafeld. Hanover. Germany, aged
30 years 8 months and 14 days.
AUCTION SALES
fes ATTEND THIS BIG fe
AUCTION SALE
- Of Selected and Accepted -
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
LERY HORSES,
Consisting of
150 MARES AND GELDINGS.
, Broken slngl* and double, and weighing; from
1000 to 1350 pounds, and are from 4 to 10 years
old. Many handsome single drivers, well
niched teams and saddle horses. All are
solid in color and have passed the veterina-
rian s Inspection. They, are suitable. for livery-
men, atage owners, teamsters, expressmen, etc.
No reserve. Terms cash: .
- ... Sale Takes Plae*
TUESDAY, May 14, 1901,
Prom JO a. m.' Sharp to 1:80 p. m.
OCCIDEtfTAl, HORSE EXCHANGE.
7a HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
WM. O. LAYNO. -Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard. We also have 25 fln«
mules at private sale..
AUCTION SHE.
fc% EXECUTOR'S SALE. £»
t 1^ 111 "£U tha contents of the lata A. Hables"
jtables. S7S Folsom at. Friday. May 17. at
11 a. m., consisting of Horses, carriages, bug- ,
jfles, Hurrejs, wagons, harness, robes office ftx-
tures, etc. Sale peremptory. , • -.v-
JOHN J. DOtT^a Auctioneer.
Otec; xn Sixth at.
A NEW BOOKLET JUST OUF.
Also Special Bulletin and advice on oil invest-
ments mailed free. L. R. BECXLET A CO..
Bankers. 50 Broadway. H. Y.
# i .;: I i %
yO This week we offer ioo shares of stock In a Cg*
Qq manufacturing business (assets $750,000.00) at, a lib- . \s>
(fe. eral reduction. Stock can be purchased in quanti-* K\
(®1 ties to suit. • This should interest those desiring a 4^
fijV conservative investment with assured income and W rJ
£)|fe negotiable assets, v .; " •• ¦ • ' • yjj
v*k Write or call ea*rly. • .. . „ . yiU
Oft ' West Coast Investment Co., ' QClaims for Care of Criminal Insane
The City Attorney advised the Super
visors that certain claims filed by the
State hospitals amounting to $4380 for the
care cf the criminal insane sent from this
city and county are binding upon the citv.
He also passes upon specified claims, some
of which he holds must be reduced under
the statute of limitations.
Want Salt Water Mains.
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation filed a petition with the Board of
Supervisors yesterday in which that body
Is requested to make provision for a sys
tem of salt water mains in the next tax
budget, whereby the downtown district
will be afforded proper protection from
fire.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down a decision which puts an end to the
long controversy involving George Clark's
tenure of office as Mayor of Sacramento
and , establishes him securely in his posi
tion. . , ....,_ i. .
At the time. of Mayor Clark's, election
In the fall of 1S99 it was alleged by Wil
liam Land, who was Mayor at that time,
that the' successful candidate had used
money illegally for election purposes. On
'the day when Clark should have entered
upon the duties of office Mayor Land re
fused to vacate. Force ' was accordingly
used and Mayor Clark was installed in of
fice. Litigation at once commenced and
from an unfavorable decision of the Su
perior Court Land appealed to the Su
preme Court. He relied on the purity cf
elections act to justify his claims. The
section auoted* In the appeal to the Su
preme Court is as follows:
Any candidate for public office who shall re
fuse or neglect to file, or make false statement
of moneys received or expended, as prescribed
by- «ecticn 3, shall, in addition to the punish
ment for such offense prescribed by the laws
of this State, forfeit any office for which this
statement is required to be made. If a candi
date elected to a public office refuses or neg
lects to file the statement prescribed by sec
tion 3 of this act. the iiicum'lwnt of the office,
unless he is himself a defaulting ¦ candidate,
must not surrender or deliver up said office,
but -shall continue to die-charge the duties and
fhaTl receive the emoluments thereof.
Ex-Mayor Land held that Clark neg
lected to file a proper statement of moneys
expended and was therefore ineligible to
office.
Mayor Clark's account showed an ex
penditure of $200 contributed to the Re
publican City Central Committee for cam
paign purposes, which the court held to
be perfectly legitimate. There was also
an item, "sundries and incidentals, -$22 05."
The law provides that $100 can be spent
for incidentals and no vouchers are re
quired for amounts not exceeding- $5.
The court held that to construe the law
In such a manner as to include the case
under consideration would be an absurd
ity. The offenses complained of were con
sidered to be of a trivial nature and not
arising from any want of good faith. The
opinion of the court set forth In the de
cision rendered is as follows:
¦Under the circumstance?, it seems to the
court to be just that the Faid candidate shall
not forfeit his office; 'that- the election of such
candidate shall not by reason of such offenses
or omissions complained of be void, nor shall
the candidate be removed from or • deprived of
his office.
The case was heard on affidavits. Jus
tice Garoutte rendered the decision, which
was concurred in by Justices McFarland,
Van Dyke. Henshaw and Temple.
Several other similar cases are hanging
fire in the courts and this decision will
doubtless remain a precedent for the ad
justment of such litigation in the future.
Appeal of Ex-Mayor Land Is
. : Deemed Trivial by
Justices.
SUPREME COURT
ENDS DISPUTE
. * »
Attempt to Remove Sac
~ ramento's Mayor
Is Defeated.
That the profit In copper mining is largo
where there is a good mine Is very well
understood, but there is still food for
thought in the statements contained in the
answer filed by Henry H. Rogers, vice
president of the Amalgamated Copper
Company, in a suit in the East. Mr. Rog
ers set forth that the properties of the
Butte and Boston Company, which were
purchased a few years ago for $1,000,000,
are now worth $18,500,000. In 1890 the Bos
ton and Montana Company paid dividends
amounting to $6,130,000 and in 1900 the divi
dends, aggregated $6,450,000. The properties
of the Boston and Montana Companv,
leaving out the matter of good will and
all intangible a»sets, are worth, so Mr.
Rogers said, $50,250,000. The Amalgamated
Copper Companv has issued stock to the
amount of $75,000,000 for the purpose of
acquiring copper properties where it ap
pears to be clearly to the interest of the
stockholders to take them in.
The Shasta County papers have a story
that Captain de la Mar, in case he pur
chases the Balaklala Copper property, will
establish a great plant for smelting near
the junction of the Pit and Sacramento
rivers for the purpose of handling the
ores of the Bully Hill and the Balaklala
mines. The Redding Searchlight antici
pates that this would mean "a vast indus
try equaled in few if any of the great cop
per camps." De la Mar's experts are still
examining the Balaklala property. The
new smelter of the Bully Hill mines has
been' blown in. The Mountain Copper Com
pany has installed a large converter. By
this the cost of shipping a great amount
of waste in matte to New Jersey lor
treatment every year will be saved.
The Board of Supervisors of Shasta
County have adopted a resolution request
ing Governor Gage to expend in North
ern-California one-fourth of the sum that
the Legislature appropriated at the last
session for the compiling of a State min
ing-journal.
Facts From Counties.
The Forbestown correspondent of the
Oroville Mercury reports that 100 men are
employed at the Gold Bank mine and that
work has been resumed on the big ttinf
nel. The Miller mine at York Flat ha?
been closed down with the exception of
the tunnel, which is being run by con
tract. The Carlisle mine will be reopened.
. Present mining activity in the vicinity
of Trinity Center, so says Mineral
Wealth, is unusual. In tin 5 vicinity is the
Sikes mine, a placer property, with an
ample water supply. A new ryanldlng
plant is being Installed at the Headlight
mine.
The Eastern people who have bought
the copper mines at Copperopolls are re
ported to be willing to put in a large
amount of coin to reopen the properties
on an extensive scale. The Stockton In
dependent says that several weeks will
elapse before the water is out ,of the
mines, upon which pumping operations
have been under way for some time. Con
cerning -the mines the Independent says:
Th% Copperopolis mines could never be
worked at a profit when' copper was low, be
cause it is low grade ore and carries no silver
and gold to pay for working, as other mines
of this State do. When the Copperopolls mines
were worked the ores were hand sorted, the
better portion being smelted into a black
matte, which was shipped to Boston for treat
ment, and the poorer stuff was roasted In the
"open air and leeched. That process of extract
ing the copper was very costly and the fuel
expense was enormous. With low-grade ore
ranging from 4 to 16 per cent copper the mines
could not be made profitable except when there
was a strong demand for copper. The new
method of treating copper ore does away with
the old-fashioned smelting and the process is
much cheaper, which encourages the new own
ers of the Copperopolls mines in the belief
Newe From the Ore-Bearing
Sections Favorable to
Owners. f
Extensive i Operations
Due to Roseate Pros
pects.
COPPER PROFIT
I S VERY LARGE
his opinion was, vindicated, as none of the
storms of the past winter had the slight
est effect on the new structure. .
The n,ew wharf has a total length of 381
feet and is built in three sections. The
first is the pier head. 100 by 50 feet, built
on piles and In the most substantial man
ner. The platform Is fifteen feet above
mean low water. Section two Is 77 by 2S
feet and is also built on piles. Section
three is built on trestles and is 204 feet
long by eighteen feet wide, with an in
cline , of one ¦ in ten. Extending beyond
section three and directly connected is the
Mrs. Kincaid Receives : Teachers.
Mrs. Kincaidf president. [of the Board of
Education, gave a reception yesterday af
ternoon to the teachers of the second and
third grades in the i V rooms of the -board.
Mrs, .Kincaid ,wasV assisted in "receiving
some 200 guests, by /Miss Jeff ersT; who' did
the honors at ; the ¦ tea-table -.charmingly.
Directors Mark and Denman .were present
and the affair was a marked success. 'In
the evening ; the .' evening > school ' teachers
to the number of 100 1 enjoyed Mrs. Kin
cald's (hospitality.. , - * *; ';/ . • ..:*¦
'I :-' : .< • » • ¦¦¦¦••¦¦;..,¦
1 Profit by the of : others If
you i are looking, for a short 'road to suc
cess. ¦.¦/•¦"- • ¦• . ¦ - .¦¦ •-•-.- • "• ¦ ;;•'¦ .' ';.
Inclined tramway 675 feet In length and
255 feet at its highest point, where a sta
tionary engine will be placed for hauling
the trucks.
No particular dimculties were met with,
until the contractors attempted to> drive
piles under section two. where rock bot
tom was found in unexpected localities,
but a system of bracing with steel rod3
overcame that trouble.
The new wharf was commenced In De
cember of last year and work has been
unremitting 1 except for a few stormy
days. It will be finished on May 25.
sent to a. smelter." "Work has been sus
pended since last December. -
The Sonora (Tuolumne County) papers
report that the Riverside mine, located
on the Stanislaus. River, has been closed.
The bonders desired an extension of time,
but this the owners refused to allow. Six
men are placer mining in a lot on Wash
ington street, Sonora, and are taking out
gold. Operations will soon begin at the
Mapes mine at Yankee Hill. .
Properties Are Sold.
Standard Electric employes are running
lines to the Baliol mines at Butter Creek
and also the Keystone mine at Amador
City, so reports the Amador Dispatch.
Both • properties will be operated with
electric power.
Two considerable sales of mining prop
erty on the coast are reported.' The
white Horse Copper Company, with head
quarters in Vancouver, B. C, has sold six
teen claims on the ."White Horse River to
an English syndicate for $160,000, r all of
which are contiguous. The other sale was
made in Utah, where a half interest on
the Surprise group • was turned I over for
$300,000 by S. L. Adams to John McComb
of.Etenver. The machinery for a smelter
has. been shipped from Denver. The Dixie,
mines were recently sold for $200,000, and
the Salt Lake Tribune says that the price
put -upon part of the Surprise prpperty
makes the whole the value of the Dixie.
There ¦ are { nine claims in the 'Surprise
group. . '• ' ¦ » ¦ - ¦
:hat they can make the properties pay with
modern appliances for working the ores. They
will install an up-to-date plant and rush the
work ahead as fast as possible. . The Copper
opolls mines are on what Is known among
miners as the east copper belt, while the pay
lngf mine at Campo Seco Is on the west cop
per belt. The west belt mines carry consider
able gold and'sllver, which pay for the work
ing of the ore and leave the copper product
clear profit. . .
Progress of Dredgers.
The progress of the dredgers in the
north is reported by the Yreka Journal
as being satisfactory. Preparations are
making for the construction of a huge
dredger ' at South Fork of Scott River,
the lumber for which will be hauled in
from Gazelle. The dredger., at '. Hawkins
ville, on Yreka Creek, has started, up
again and is cleaning up bed rock gravel.
The water has been pumped out of the
basin to permit of this. Several hydraulic
claims on Klamath River, are idle be
cause there have recently been cold nights
that prevented the melting of the gnow.
There is an abundance of ¦ water when
the snow is melted. The Etna Advance
says that the Orcutt brothers are run
ning a tunnel on their ledge at Graham
Gulch, near Yocumville. - ¦
The Coif ax Sentinel reports that a car
load , of machinery was moved to the
Mountain. Maid mine across the Bear Riv
er and about four miles from Coif ax. The
mine is owned by Dr. Charles Pusheck. .
The Calaveras Chronicle says^that the
Red Cloud mine has been bonded by the
Charity Gold Mining Company from T. T.
Porteus. It is between the Carey, and
Porteus farms. : ..i ¦. '. '¦.,'-.
A quartz strike Is reported by the Moun
tain Messenger, wUich, it says, promises
greatly for the future of Sierra City. The
strike was on a ledge • about two miles
northeast of Sierra City,' on the Yuba
River. ; I . v
I The Randsburg ' Miner says that, work
is about to be started up on the Argus
Butte . mine on . the Argus , range. This
property belongs to John Rosenfeld's Sons
of r this cltv and has been in • charge > of
George Lewis.- There is a mill on the
property and woodland water, -but the
ore -is refractory, and: it has. .been deter
mined that it will not pay .. to, run it
through a mill and it has therefore been
During, the latter part of 1900 a board of
engineers of the United States army; lo-.
cated sites for the extensive system ' of
fortifications which '.the Government : had
decided to construct at Point Bonlta,
Forts and bomb proof pita are to.be erect
ed, upon which a large number of twelve-
Inch breech-loading guns and thlrteen
inch mortars are to be placed. 'These for
tifications, from an; elevation of .300 feet, 1
will command an enormous' range^ and
will make an entrance into the harbor of
San Francisco by an enemy's -fleet prac
tically impossible.
Work en these forts Is expected to com
mence • about - the jj first of " June, ¦ 175
men will be employed. I As.' soon* as . /the
new wharf» now nearly completed, j is fin
ished^so;as s to allow .thel-handling of ma
terial,'; extensive buildings- for .the:; ac
commodation of the.rn.en wllh bejerected.
Bunk and "eating » houses^ besides .'offices
and' storage -buildings are planned 'and j a
considerable settlement?- on * the ¦ tbarren
hills at'Polnt Bonita will, spring up. , •
' /-The wharf and tramway; which the Gov- 1
ernment Is erecting Is a^ work of grreat 1m-:
portance and presenfed" serious engineer
ing 1 < difficulties :; to " surmount. -The -..wharf
.is located -on the north side^df Point Eo
nita-.on^.the, lee iside .of ' the; precipitous
rock "which; forms the point,'; and f which.
liere':rlses to an Televatlon :of feet.
Many, engineers "< expressed .the opinion
that a wharf built at this ¦ place .would be
swept . away, by ; the ', furious . storms • that
are supposed - to ' rage ahout r the " locality,
but; Ma?or .C.*E. L,.B.r Davis, , who; has
the; direction of the work/persisted and,
PREPARING SITE
FOR BIG GUNS
THE SAlST'FKAlSrCISCOV CAIili, SUNDAY, MAY 12, 1901.
36
Carved, Flemish Oak Dining Table, 45.00 I
A handsome design, a popular wood and shape. |
Five feet across and extends to ten feet. Sunken 1
ball-bearing casters that cary the heavy table easily |
without injury to the finest carpet or polished floor. I
A OOOd folding Bed for $13.50. Light enough to be moved I
easily— a point the tidy housekeeper will H
like. Extra legs support foot so that it can n
JlH^BfiSS l^^Mriiiln™yt_'^ not break down. Golden oak; neat carving; pi
locks safe and rigid when open. Woven wire H
B mattress supported by self-connected steel h
0 , into small space^this one, for $1.50. h
I Decorate In = Doors, Too — 1
1 Put bright carpets on the floors. You can save by 1
I buying now. These standard carpets — rooms meas- I
I ured; sewed, lined and laid; these prices %^h: SUSS:'. 1
I TaneStrV 3 P atterns worth 75 c a yard for 60 c I
I D r|| ecpjc 4 patterns worth 85 c a yard for 70 c 1
I Dl 11551515 p atterns wort h uoo a yard for 80 c I
i VelVetS 5 patterns worth 1.25 a yard for 1.00 I
I ' .%•' "The Credit House." Six Stories High. I
I 233-235-237 ySU Goods Markd fa Pfain Tui* **gJ Prlva^JxThanee I
B Post Street V* M ""T M ??'?"^ . 3 7 "1
Hale's.- .*" -[ '•'- »:'(', . ,' .Hale's.' , \' '; ' ' Hale's. j; ' / Hale's. I Male's. —
l€?i SSn"^epart m cnt. 7 Flag Ribbon,^5c Yd. l|^
r@ $1 H . nM -. ¦ „-, ** . .Jl . „ , Any^Kf^t^Tw-r^^ Yes. and plenty of all sorts of Presidential decora- V#» W*
I Hair Dressing. 25c- Ladles Manicuring, 25c. ! S ; ->^^<l3^a^L^ jffllL£~#«SK$*ZL^ :iff - : .-'"¦ \ ticns-flags (cotton 'silk or muslin, all sizes, any o.uan- ff" i^r
r*<3 ,J"i Shampooing, 50c. Gentlemen's Manicuring, 50c f F" VH _>>?^lS^-'^^#C^M^^ ** '{ thy) festoonintr. buntlns. pictures of the President (col- . i»
m^*J^\ Face Massage, 50c rjair Dyeing, $3.00 up. vffiJ : -& il ¦& ¦'••'. ."•" •f.V- &f ored plain and transparent), alt sizes Japanese / Ian- - W >" A'L»'
**5S* <€4 ' Hair" and scalp diseases given particular attention by our spe- '" " . -;'- : •••••'>¦•. \-y.\ili~S terns, etc. In honor of the President's co^ns . . ; r Vv \X + *-
~teP A\ dallst. He will make a microscopic examination of the hair free. ; , ¦ ¦ WE'LL CLOSE TUES. P. AI. 3 O'CLOCK. • f I* *S"
M Embroidery Barqains Come Our Way .Aqain. fe
f| Hale's-^a Palace of Interest. This lo6,OOO^Yard Purchase M^
•*V?V\ £l ore f° thls t we « k tha" ever. The business thrills and throbs with the spirit of the occasion. . il - d Ffc - Vk rt» %/ _*_ \% l** J i
<? i£ J The store extends a glad hand of welcome to her visitors. The decorations lend an enchant- I*. jlirk^nC I I #> "d" &HV W*^«>-#- I ¦41- r\*+d V AT t£ *VW
•^.% Ot *?Y> ing background to merchandise put forward this week. Tills advertisement points to the VFljCjIiS 1J D LilG tjGST tllTGr^ I"L i XT K$$
• « «< important features, all of which are for the week in honor of the President's coming. :; ;*•:" I'ftT^- 1 - ">~. f »*H1X^ UVs^t V IIV/I .>>
' We'll ClOSe^TlieS. P. M« at 3 O'ClOCk. . Th ' s is the embroidery event of our lives. The values are so unheard- . €• « S^
*"O v"/ ' ' ' ' - ' • ; of it seems almost unreasonable to expect them again. //* j»,,?
•..£& 5V\ The Season's f ~i~ " r ~ir» -«* •¦*¦*• They came from a man who doesn't make "sale embroideries." He says %V>
>£••£•£ -. -. . . I*3k /"*T /Vl 1 111 fl £±"1*^7 : I? 4 hurts him like eveTthinjr to see embroideries that he has taken so much 'fjr jj»A
•^©3) First Reduction V/I IT 1111 111 Wl J _• , pride in, designs he ; has worked- on sq, long to excel in, finishing he has 'Vjj/T^
?ti \\ ' been so careful to make perfect, go for common, unappreciative prices. fi*u&>Jt-
~^$J ' . . (Mocks are bemg evened up.) ' ,; He was over-ambitious. The demand for high-class stuff wasn't what he W %f
*^ *Xl ' What a stirring sale this is! The one big bargain treat of the season. > thought it was. All at once he found a- tremendous surplus on his hands. Ift .•<•£-•
"WSl . And so timely— offers are doubly valuable; they come just when you^wknt He wouldn't sell it at auction — didn't want to hurt his reputation or affect the [jr &.;?
them to come. Think of paying August prices in- May, and that, too, just market. He wanted to turn it over to some one who could handle it all. Of. u\,
"¦W* ftl before the President's visit— when there's such a demand for these goods at. . " course Hale's got it. . Takes big rations to feed seven, big, hungry, growing rj»*
Z* <J full prices.' It's doing things differently,; boldly, and on a broad scale that stores. . . - . , vi'S^^
*"© 'J5 as P u * Hale's in the lead.. / , * ; ; «... *$ . m . .; •- ' — - — — ¦ — aff&i'*
-^^'iii P? *• T* *,.! J i_i 4. -~ x -' "'"'' ' ' As fresh and crisp and perfect as new-born embroideries ever are. j^» 1
!&%J tlVciy I rimmGCl rlHt /£o^ None are prettier or choicer. We couldn't give you .better "embroideries at. ¦ f§r-,^vi
"*%e? !/ j wj r> r^ j « i&ZPi&^^^v full prices than we are able to offer you now at half and less than half price. >><»^»
"(^ %% llSS t5CCtl rvCClUCCU. W^10&S^< " And there's plenty of every width from 1 to. 11 inches^-choosing is as.. f£ •&**.
jjA j^^2S§^^^5s^ broad as from any regular stock (broader than many). Why, it's a complete JjP* *»> :
~^» .') J Our stock of trimmed hats has been replenished, stock in itself. C<&
h{°$ ti\ more than 40 navin g t> e en received in the last week Eight lots: >£ %«,
l'J^» Jj from New Yo'k - V?*^ ° > % $Sfl2£2»» . *~h '^ Worth regularly Pc to 7c f\ Wortb regularly R'/c to \6%z- \\ *^*
*-^ A \ t, ¦ ' ,-i u- • ' X>^^$B£r^£t' £^C Edgings up to 3% Inches wide; Mf Edgings up to 6 inches wide; f £ V»
•|>* %^?J Prices now run hke_ this: \ x&*'^Wif§s? £ Insertions up to 2^. Insertions up to 5. l*£ y^J" %
i- v 0 1 —$2.95 for hats that were $5.00. \^ J ZsJ& K^> ™? r J h regularly Jc to IO=. f _ Worth regu'arly r6Kc to 25c. f ft *?>:,
¦LA v 'X\ -$3.05 for hats that were ?6.00. J^£&?L , $£ fn d ,fl 1 rFn 8 n« ul ?m tO tnH lnches wlde: I3C Edgings 9 up to 8 inches wide; 1>A
lS<} -^4.95 for hats that were $7 and $8 J%&^' • ' C | !S !rc gu ,0' 9ctol^ c . Insertions up to 5. \%^
'VI — 96.OO for hats' that' were $1O.OO. ¦ \% A C Edgings up to 4 inches wide; j Q ' Worth regularly 25c to 30c !&*££
X»«^< , / -j r^ -. . .„ . ' V4^ Insertions up t6 2%. |OC ' Mglnp up to 12^ Inches wide; k>L'5l*
itf 3 J Wp\V Fnli«<r^^H?llf Prirf» Wort b regulDrlylOc to I5c. Insertions up to 3. I ''fjSvS:
6 4C l^CW I Ulld^C lidll rriCC. . . *-] Edgings up to 3% inches -»rtde; Worth regularly 30c to 40c. WJ ©"
, l Hundreds of varieties-roses, of, course, are the strongest-prices have / 2 C f^rtions «•* Beading up to 23C E^ings up to n. inches wide; f£>|.
¦^ *% | bee "' lowerftd thus: What a wonderful lot of values!* Frequently we have had as good offers in V> ?"* '
IOC Bunches nOW, 5C 25C Bunches nOW 15C £ ne ? T XT 0 ot the -- wldths . but r - ev « have we had so much of everything- under ff* fX.
~i $ I 20c Bunches now 10c 50c Bunches now 25c . f ff W
# esc Bunches now 35c Fancy Waist Silks 75C. f&S
oae-%t Tiny June Roses, 35c. i . — _ ,„ _, ¦ . . - , < * ** * »lfc»/*'
"S « th^ e d °f en t0 the b«nch-plnk, red. A window full of hais. We°mentlon l9 Splendld shape to meet your every summer want. /f
Yfk << 65c Ro8e8fOT 35c - 68c Each, $1.00 Grade Corded Silk at 75c tQ "Q-
rwjj six. pink, red, maize, white or black. j v^v-rw mw_m«j ' As an example of our readiness, for It Is quite a thing to go where you know all f > "W
\jt1& r 75c Silk Poppies, 45c. ! Hats were 75c to $1.25. the new things are and where the prices are lower than usual, II V VJ»I
1 W *&} Thp rpls-nine flower In Npw Tnrk and of \\t ii - ,. ,:i«^ a u • \ ThJs corde^ silk is 19 Inches wide and comes In all the new colors. \>jb * I
I • S %\ courel it is ?£ flvori"e with Tus colore Walkers, sailors, sombre-os— just While we are at the silk counter we want to call your attention tQ this: ffi #V|
r-£P "$1 black, white, blue, lavender, maize and the thing for ;picknicking. outing • NEW LOT OF, GUARANTEED TAFFETA AT 81.OO— It Is the celebrated #»^i
#<<< red . or school wear-rough or smooth -black the , Hale name far and wld , e on the coast - 23 JnchM I^O"
"®«flj All these Buckles, now I9c. ' straw-Manila br ¦ Milan braids. - black and lustrous. , r _ : . , > > >J
*°<^ dE * Many of them are clasps, hat orna- t. ,,.,,,- * f? i'S* 1
"*•» *rt ments in gilt or steel-not one of them Take your choice Monday morn- Jl/I a ,. C«! a M., o i; n \ lr% Aaf^ir^i-lm ~ }^'*X
1 f2f.*£i worth less tha " "Sr" 111 "^ of thtm soId ing and as long as-thev last for iTiaV"^.al.C IVlUSlin UllUerCIOtrieS. - Iv {&"
•*&*' »i i at wholesale for $8.00 dozen. What a z- Q . • • - [ ¦ jt^ 'yf
X*«X-< stir we will make with those that are 08c eacn. • it starts to-morrow. It's not for one day. or three days— not a little of thia or %t f°£- H
V CD *&l left> at 19 cents eacn - ' ¦ a snatch of that, nor anything that had to be made cheap in order to make a stir. #5* •S p -
*y %t . xxr V ~~~~ r . - Come All Week for These Bargains. i f%**t
<£J WSStl LlrC5i5 VlOOflS The movement is general. It involves thousands of dollars of healthv, perfect. VV V*""
Jt\ S)\ *^«x»^*j vjuuu^i well made muslin undergarments. Taken U3 some time to gather such worthy f Cf
' Some Interesting Styles and Prices. stocks. These few items win illustrate: » iv 0-
"^ 5/ Newness— that's the keynote. ¦ ' . '. '. Muslinl Drawers 22C. -CS"fe- '
••©* Manufacturers give us their help They send us their latest productions - 300 pairs-made of good soft-finished muslin, deep hemstitched cambric f? SI
I* 3J as soon as they are out. And well they may, for these Hale's California umbrella ruffle on bottom. Sale price 22c - ?> •§ I
f^v TV* stores, are the biggest customers they have on the coast. That accounts, too r,.- j-ri- €l»'^5V.I
*S< for the very low prices we ask. r— "¦ - 1^,^—,"- . . • UPaWwPS 75C. . Jvfcy? I
0 1 5i No wonder, then, that competition is baffled. . : Made of fine muslin, richly trimmed at bottom with 6-inch wide embroid- . Jy*S^|
-o* •S?< 27-inch CovertS 12^C- - 2T-inch Foulard^ 3OC, cry— another style with extra .wide £ambric flounce on bottom trimmed in . A/£ .*•*!
G? VJ The material used for outing wear. So similar as to be mistaken for sl'lk V Torchon lace, has 2 rows of lace insertion above — sale price 75c pair. |£ /^J
p£ %4 We have them in all the leading shades. in the Persian effects. The grounds are Cnp nr h Cnt*«^f Cnvft>« AKr - >> «V |
[^/ <\| 12>4c a yard. ... the new shades of green, pink light rPClldl WUroCt VUVCI O .^O^« fffi /«jj
1* %4 ¦ 27-inch Black Lawns 1 5C* b ' u /-marinebiueaniigray. 30c a yard. Made of fine cambric— 4 rows of lace insertion around the body— lace ; f^Vvl
« 5c They are new ar d val9 and can ' be . 28-inch Dimities 10c. trimming at neck and sleeves— sale price 45c. V£
S3 3 . b «ti^ffl%SVu e^l? a wiSr? ei ?i^ x - Muslin Walking Skirts $1.25. CC§r
*S A\ ' «3z-inCn Batistes IOC. are regular I2tfc value. 10c a yard. Made of good heavy 'soft-finish muslin— 12-inch lawn flounce on bottom. I V; (')'•
-' ii va^somTare^ 30-inch Silk Ginghams 25C with 3 rows of. hemstitched. cluster. tucks-separated with two rows of i-inch ff
if £i in lavender, light, new and navy blue. Striped and checked effects, silk finish Torchon lace insertion — .Vincru Iorchon lace nounce around bottom. Has >> •£?
? *K< ' pink and white, with floral, conventional Ver>' serviceable for shirts and shirt extra dust ruffle — regular price $ I. SO — sale price $1.25. 0 VV Av""
«* *?1 and striped designs. 15c a yard. waists. 25c a yard. - ¦ - :_«-^.. • • _ *-*. 1 ri» »*»S —
I* <d — Skirt Chemise $1.50 I fH'<C
'", *?J . Hfllfi'-S HOUSS Hfiln^ Made of cambric, with round effect at neck, trimmed with pretty lace r^*^ I
: t ,| . »»**m^^ kvm^w iivip^i and ribbon— lawn flounce on bottom, with two rows of cluster tucks and >K*^ 1
"Vj*y • For Wash Day. , . lace edge around skirt. Sale price $1.50. W ?^*f
5 C V The downstairs store is winning favor fast with bright,, thrifty, house- Umbrella SkirtS$2.50 j^£* jS &%A
V keepers. Such prices as these on "Good Goods" are bound to tell: Made of fine cambric — double lawn C^ O~l
* v*^* d\ Hale's laundry soap, per cake 2c Clothes baskets, medium size.. 4Oc flounce, each trimmed with 2 rows \" V?»—
** O<iP « $j Babbitt's laundry soap, six for '~"i c Washboards, extra good for 35c ii4c Duchesse lace insertion — finished off *w<i?«£«) ffe *&'*
-© * *V*^£™£'£i*£&r&£?.- Washtubs, galvanized.. :¦: ...r,8c at bottom with lace to correspond- . g^f • if $~
£• '{< ?............:....:.. flVie Wringers, wood or metal frame.. $1.23 • regular $3.50 skirt— sale price $2.50. j ', . .PvF tv iSi
-••fe^ '1 Swift's washing powder, 1-lb pkg.... fie Washboilers, good size and quality. • rr # »^ #^^^. • v -2l L- r& »^1
¦*•*?« Clothes pins, good quality, 100 for..l 2c ...". -.$1 13 » rlVC=piCCC f'i'CNLu^ -Ji^^^- • %& *^~
H'l n , . T~7r . Cambric Set $8.75. ' ;.; A#lS^^v R^-
' . Curtains and Draperies. - Gown, chemise, sw-t. drawers and vi&'
\*K&} Attractions for Presidential Week are Multiplying. . Sc^JlnS^rlri^Sn| /CX?^^|€v A >5-S""
"O t?J The drapery corner, on the second floor is the center of much interest . ./; Duchesse lace and insertion to match r />sh* _J^O?ff /'IW^^sL ' A %^'^T
¦*J*&\ among housekeepers. It is a greafpleasure to women to have 'such a variety — Gown. $2.00. V f - JWi^V^O I V /^V^ / f n Vt-
*!TQ\ ; j|< to choose from and such small prices to pay. \ —Chemise. ?2.00. T . v\s lOJ-^^«^iJ / -Jits D /^"X
~Ci o '%< Nottingham Curtains, $1.25 Nottingham Curtains, S3.OO — $kirt,;$2.5O.^ 7^^^fi^^^^^^^J^&^^. >Q »^*"
iLlto&J 8 patterns, ecru or white— 3^ yards long, ' 10 patterns— some neat, rich weaves In ¦ -Drawers, _ y> ¦ £^%fi^!jj^^^gf J&W^ 1 CO
I *<"& k,y* 50 to 54 inches wide— good serviceable madras effects— ecru or white, 3V> yards r— Lorset Lover, «?a«vu. /*?e^«^^3f^^^^T^ 1T\ I Kir *X ¦ 1
Vj^t '*'} curtains. long, 50 inches wide. .-> . s —Entire Set, - ' |m n.-^^^^Sf*i^f..l . l'\
t '•'"•J 38-inch Curtain Net 12^c a yard. i • . Other styles richly trimmed with I \ j&<i Vi%~i
J'*'/*. £j ¦ Kcru or. white— good, strong thread, suitable for half sash or full length cur- embroidery— 5 - pieces to match — '+~££a?t&-'--* r ** L $!£3& ~\ * -• ¦ '&*'*$£ *I
JJ i ,\ tains— a "Good Goods" price 12%c , : set JJ5H.OO. .". '"^ .^h»/ Sl^T^vJ
I Smoked Glasses I
§ 20 5tyies---AII at 50 CentsJ |
g Why not have a pair and Save your Eyes from Dust, Wind and Bright Sun? 8
I BERTELINQ OPTICAL CO. J
iS ;'• vH/Nordman, V.ce-Pres. and Mgr. tt
& see exhibit in windows. i 1 6 KEARNY STREET. ||