PROMINENT OFFICERS DECLARE THAT SCHLEY'S CONDUCT
IN BATTLE WAS COOL, BRAVE AND MOST ENTHUSIASTIC
Continued on Page Two.
iCaptiv© American Missionary and
Her Companion Both Appeal for
the Prompt Payment of the
• \u25a0 S&nsom Demanded.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 15.— The Bus
6^*n Government has repeated Its expres
sion of a desire to assist the United States
Government by all practical means in
Russia Ready to Assist.
"ELLEN M. STONE."
"With hearty salutations, your friend,
"We are pursued by a Turkish army. I
beg Dr. Haskell himself to go to Con
stantinople and exert himself for the pay
ment of the ransom at Sammakoff, where
men will receive it on presenting an order
from me.
"The men who captured us at first
Ehowed courtesy and consideration toward
us, but now since Turkish soldiers and
Bash! Bazouks have begun to pursue us
and the ransom. is delayed our condition
1b altogether changed.
"Therefore, I beg you to hasten sending
the ransom demanded and that as ener
getically as possible you will present to
the Turkish Government that It stop the
pursuit of us by soldiers and Bashi Ba
zouks; otherwise we shall be killed by
the people in whose hands we are". I pray
you to communicate without delay the
contents of this letter to the representa
tive of the United States at the Porte
and request his most serious co-operation.
"Pray for us. We are at peace with
God. .\u25a0 '.-:
Prays Tnat Money Be Paid.
Further word has come from Miss Stone
in the following letter, written from
Macedonia, to W. "W. Peet, treasurer of
the Turkish Mission In Constantinople:
"My Honored Friend— I write to inform
you that on September 3 I was captured
by a great number of armed men — some
forty— as I traveled from Bansko to
Diamaala with about twelve teachers,
students and others. They took with me
for lay companion Mrs. Catherine Tsilka.
The reason why they captured us is for a
ransom. The price which they demand
for is £25,000. Turkish, which sum must
be paid In gold, and this entirely without
the knowledge of the Turkish and Bul
garians governments, within the term of
eightc-en days from to-day.
"The condition of Mrs. Tsilka decided
the limit, as she is to give birth to a
child in three months.
SOFIA. Bulgaria. Oct. 15.— Although the
time fixed by the brigands who abducted
Hiss Ellen M. Stone, the American mis
sionary, forthe jjayment of the ransom
demanded expired a week ago, no one has
appeared at Sammakoff to claim the
money or to announce the fate of th«
captive. It is now learned that the band
has dissolved, but that "Miss Stone Is kept
Tinder surveillance at some distance from
the frontier. This is due to snow and cold
\u25a0weather rendering the mountains unin
habitable. The efforts of the police to ar
rest Saraokoff. formerly president of the
Macedonian committee, who is suspected
cf complicity in the kidnaping, are still
unavailing. The failure is due to the
syrcpa-thy of the Inhabitants and local
authorities.
The parents of Madame Tsilka, tho Bul
garian teacher, who was captured by
brigands with Miss Stone, have received
another letter from their daughter urging
the step already taken, namely stop
pins the military pursuit, because the
brigands threaten the prisoners with im
mediate death in the event of danger to
themselves. The writer says that she and
Miss Stone are hidden In a subterranean
retreat and are treated courteously. She
says the only means of securing their re
lease is to pay the ransom demanded.
I/etter From Hiss Stone.
Brigands Threaten Death,
CALL BUREAU. 1106 O STREET, N.
*W M WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.—Impenetra
ble to Washington is the mystery oi the
present condition and whereabouts of
Miss Ellen M. Stone. The channel of
communication •which Mr. Eddy, secre
tary cf the American legation in Constan
tinople, tad established with the brigands
has been Interrupted, He is not informed
«.s to the point to -which they have re
treated* nor Is he advised as to their fur
ther purposes. To add to these distress
ing features of the situation, th« . State
Department has again become apprehen
sive that, notwithstanding the assurances
of the Bulgarian and Turkish govern
ments, their troops will attack the bri
gands should they locate them. Mr. Eddy
and Mr. Dickinson, the latter at Sofia,
\u25a0will make renewed representations to the
governments to •which they acceded in the
hop* of obtaining explicit instructions
\u25a0which 1(111 prevent an attempt to arrest
the brigands even should their where
abouts be learned by the Government
forces.
Esec^l XHsaaAcb to The Call.
"When Last Heard Prom the
Captive Asked that Pur
suit Be Stopped.
Channel of Communica
tion With Brigands
Interrupted.
MISS STONE
IS AGAIN IN
GREAT PERIL
Continued on Page. Nina.
The board had not purchased the ' New
York Minlsterium, as . instructed, and. the
board is now without- a German paper.
Lord Bishop von Shele cleft to-day for
Washington,- where he goes as represen
tative V of _ King_Cscar. to J greet. President
Roosevelt. , ' He will aso ; visit Yale Col
lege to take part in the second centennial
of that historic institution, as "the * repre
sentative of the Swedish! King, ... \u25a0 . \u25a0. : .
LIMA, Ohio, Oct. 15.— The General Coun
cil of the Evangelical Lutheran Church
to-day considered reports of the publica
tion ' board. . The report 'stated that the
board was not •\u25a0 able to Increase the facili
ties as the business demanded, nor had
they been able to diminish the debt in the
past two years. \, .
Church Debt Not Diminished.
The result of the experiment- did not
cause any surprise after the news brought
to Marseilles by incoming steamers this
morning that the southeast winds which
were blowing out at sea would carry the
balloon to the coast of Spain or to Gibral
tar. Moreover, the latest news from tho
passengers of the balloon indicated that
it was proceeding very slowly. These two
factors probably .caused Count, de la
Vaux to abandon his attempt. \u25a0;'•'•
Warship That Escorted the Aerial
Ship Is Now Returning to
Port.
PARIS, Oct. 15.— The j attempt of the
Count de la Vaux to cross the Mediter
ranean in a balloon, which left Les Sab
lettes, near' Toulon, Saturday night, has
failed.' The Minister of Marine, M. de
Lanessan, has received a dispatch from
Toulon announcing that the cruiser Du
Chayla, which was escorting the balloon,
is returning to port with the balloon and
her passengers, which she picked up ten
miles east of . St. Laurente lighthouse.
. The balloon was uninjured.
BALLOON TRIP FAILS
IN THE MEDITERRANEA W
The Duke of Alba, or Alva, as.it ia
sometimes spelled, \u25a0was 53 years of age.
In social and titular rank he was the
leader of Spanish society, He was four
teen times a count, nine times a
grandee of the first class and
twelve times a marquis. His estate
was the most extensive private prop
erty in Spain, and his palace at ' Ma
drid for many years has been the center
of social gaiety. Much of his time bad
been spent, " however, in London. The
Duke was well known in this country,
where he has been a frequent visitor. He
was a spectator of the America's cuy
races in 1893, and spent the season of 1801
at Newport.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The Duke of
Alba, one of the highest grandees of
Spain, died from heart failure this after
noon at his apartments in the Holland
House. He came to this city on Septem
ber 21 to witness the international yacht
race as the guest of Sir Thomas Llpton.
On the day of the last race he contracted
a severe cold, which developed into in
fluenza. His condition improved greatly
during the past few days and up to with
in a few moments of his death he was en
tertaining a party of friends.
Shortly after the party had . left the
Duke complained to his valet of severe
pains in the region of his heart. He was
assisted to his couch and medical aid
hastily summoned, but before the physi
cians had arrived the Duke expired.
\u25a0Distinguished Grandee of -Spain Dies
From Heart Failure in New ;.
... York. . ' : \u25a0: :'/: :- .
DEATH 1IAKES STJIOIONS
FOR : THE* PUKE 01 ALBA
During the riots the populace pillaged
two markets and attacked the university,
breaking all the windows and wounding
two students and a beadle. The univer
sity will be closed until order is restored.
The windows in numerous factories were
broken. Troops now hold the streets and
guard the tramways and bakeries. " '
. Martial law will probably be extended
to other towns where disorders are oc
curring. \u25a0;' * •
SEVILLE, Oct. • 15.— Martial law has
been proclaimed here as a result 'of the
general strike which began yesterday, and
the Governor has handed over his func
tions to the captain general.- The strik
ers are overrunning the town, burning the
octroi offices' and committing all kinds of
violence.
Fresh disturbances are reported at Sev
ille. A mob that Iwas storming the con
vent of St. Savieur was dispersed , by the
troops, but not until the door of the con
vent had been burned. , :
MADRID, Oct. 15.— An extraordinary
meeting of the Cabinet was held to-day
under the presidency of the Queen Re
gent to consider the outbreaks in Seville
and elsewhere. '
Mob Storms the Convent of St. Savieuv
and After Burning the Door
Is Dispersed by the
Troops. \
General Strike at;: Seville
Leads Up to a" Series of
Disturbances.
Spanish Cabinet^ Called
in Extraordinary
Session. 5
MARTIAL LAW
FOLLOWS ACTS
OF VIOLENCE
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct.^ 15.—
The Stanford University Press Club held
its first meeting of the college year last
night. • The following men were elected
members' of the club: J. F. English '01,
F. A. Ford '04, T. Cronyn '02, I. Russel *04,
O. A. Wilson '04 and A. E. Cooley '02. .
Stanford University's Press Club.
PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 15.— After stren
uous and constant fighting the forest fire
that has raged in this neighborhood for
the past week is now practically extin
guished. The loss has not been accu
rately estimated as yet, but it is very
large, as the territory burned over was
mostly, timber land.
•i Forest Fire Extinguished.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.-Up to 6 o'clock
this evening Roland B. Molineux, in Sing
Sing Prison, had not been informed that
he had been granted a new trial. General
Mollneux reached Sing Sing early In the
evening, but it was then too late for him
to go to the prison, as the doors close for
the night at 5:30 o'clock. Warden John
son adhered to his decision not to disclose
the news to the prisoner until officially
notified from Albany.
The warden was asked if he would al
low General Molineux or his wife or Mrs.
R. )3. Molineux to inform the prisoner of
the change in. the aspect of his case. To
this the warden replied that if the mem
bers of his family or any one of them
sought an Interview with the young man,
and they, were entitled to It, and if they
wished to tell him it would be their privi
lege. The elder Mrs. Molineux did not
call at the prison during the day, as had
been anticipated.
Molineux Not Informed.
The other three Judges, Parker (Chief
Justice). Gray and Haight. hold that the
evidence is admissible in that the evi
dence in the Earnett case pointing toward
Molineux tends to identify him as the
person who killed Mrs. Adams while at
tempting to take the life of Cornish by
means of that rare poison known as cya
nide of mercury, the Chief Justice and
Judge Gray writing opinions to that effect.
O'Brien, Bartlett, Wann and Werner,
agree that the evidence' should not have
been received and ' the reason for it is
stated in tho opinions written by O'Brien
and Werner. .
.dams. Four members of the court,
THE ALLEGED MURDERER OF
CATHERINE J. ADAMS, W HO
HAS SECURED NEW TRIAL.
The only subject about which the mem
bers of the court differ In their opinion
relates to the testimony introduced tend
ing to show that Molineux caused the
death of Barnett by the same method as
that used in taking the life of Mrs.
Difference of Opinion.
"All writings proved to the satisfaction
of the court by a preponderance of evi
dence In civil cases, and beyond a reason
able doubt in criminal cases, (1) by wit
nesses who saw the paper written or to
whom it had been acknowledged; (2) by
witnesses familiar with the handwriting
of the person charged to be the writer
and who are able to testify from their
familiarity to a belief respecting Its gen
uineness^ (3) where the writing is shown
to have been recognized and acquiesced in
by the person supposed to have written it,
or adopted and acted upon by him In his
business transactions or concerns, may
under the statute be compared with the
disputed writing by "witnesses. But the
court should refuse to receive in evidence
solely for the purpose of comparison any
writing otherwise prejudicial to the de
fendant."
Admission of Writings.
"All agree that since the amendment of
section 2 of chapter 36 of the laws of 1880,
by chapter 55 of the laws of 1£S8, genuine
writings may be received In evidence as
standards of comparison with a disputed
writing, although such writings may not
be the issue of trial, but simply a fact
relevant and material to that issue; that
the genuineness of such. writings must be
established to the satisfaction of the court
by common law evidence, and when that
is done handwriting experts may compare
the disputed \u25a0writings \u25a0with the genuine
writings and give their opinion thereon,
but they cannot select and establish the
standards of comparison and then com
pare them •with the disputed writings.
"Every member of the Court of Appeals
agrees for the reversal of tho judgment
of conviction of Molineux on the ground
that the trial court erred In receiving in
evidence the declarations of Barnett made
to Doctors Phillips and Douglass that he
had received Kutnow powders through the
mall.
Statement by the Court.
The court gave, out a condensed state
ment of the reasons for granting the new
triaL It says:
Judges Werner, Bartlett. Wann and
O'Brien concurred in the prevailing opin
ion and for the expunging of the Barnett
testimony.
Justices Parker, Haight and Gray did
not believe that the Barnett evidence
should be kept entirely out of the case.
Catherine J. Adams in New York
City and sentenced to death. The court
grants a new trial on a prevailing opin
ion written by Judge Werner of Roches
ter, his principal ground being that the
lower court erred in admitting evidence
as to another alleged crime, the death of
Barnett, and thus merged two issues.
ALBANT, N. Y., Oct> 15.-The Court
of Appeals has granted Roland B.
Molineux a new trial. Mollneux
was convicted of the murder of
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.^-Only
one new witness was -.heard'
In detail by the Schley, court
. of inquiry % to-day. This
- was Lieutenant Commander
= James H. Sears, who /was
Admiral Schley's flag lieutenant during,
the Spanish war. He gave a detailed ac-.
count of the entire Cuban campaign, in
cluding the brief siege of Cienfuegos, the.
retrograde movement of the flying squad- .
ron in seach of coal, the blockade of San
tiago, the reconnolssance of the Santiago
shore batteries and the bombardment of
the Cristobal Colon, May 31, and the bat
tle off Santiago. July 3, when Cervera's
fleet; was destroyed. He "placed the dis
tance of the | blockading \u25a0 line ' at Cienfue
gos . as ' one . to ' four miles, j and '. at ; San
tiago at from three to- six miles. ' He ex
pressed the opinion that in the; battle of
July 3 "it had, been the Vizcaya's inten
tion to ram the Brooklyn.
• While Commander Sears .was on the
stand Captain Lemly asked his age, but
the court, after quite a : prolonged , con
sultation in \u25a0' retirement, . directed \u25a0 that the
question was not admissible." . It • held,
however, ! that the time of ' service could
be inquired into. , . -.., ..
Raynor. sought to secure the introduc
tion of a brief report of the battle of July
3, which .Commodore Schley prepared for
transmission to", the :- Secretary of \ the
Navy. .; It was . stated \u25a0 that ' Commander.
Scars had taken \this dispatch', ashore to
be cabled to the i Secretary, -but 'that it
had never, reached. that official.' The dis
patch was ruled -but* on the .ground 'that'
as it was j not received * it ' was not . an^
official communication. . It was not .read
in the courtroom, but the ' following _ Is a
copy of it:.' • : " ; ,-.
j "The Secretary of the j Navy,- Washing-,
ton : The Spanish squadron ; came ! out of
Santiago harbor this morning, .July 3, at
d:30, and all /were j captured or , destroyed
In a running fight to the westward of
about three 1 and > hours.' Very
few casualties in- our -fleet: ; Ellis, chief
yeoman, i killed. L and one -man wounded'
on the Bro'oklyriV; Reports - from' other,
ships not- in.- r commander 'In chief
now superintending transfer 'of > prisoners
f rom" the Cristobal .Colon, \ which surren
dered,to the: Brooklyn and Oregon at i 1:15
p. m. About ! 1000 "prisoners •' In -i all, J ln-
\u25a0 Ediiardo. Nunez, • the ' Cuban pilot, was
among . those who were called ; to : correct
former, testimony.' * He added to his state
ment of 'yesterday .'that he had seen the
Brooklyn firing on May 31, the day of the
bombardment of the , Colon, ' whereas the'
records show, that' that vessel was at that
time coaling" and did' not participate in the
j Admiral Schley thinks It probable that
the presentation of testimony in his be
half can be' completed this wee,k and next.
He will be the last of the witnesses' to be
heard" and will make a review of the en
tire campaign, covering the points In con
troversy. \u25a0 - -
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— The presenta
tion, of the Schley side. of .the case was
continued In the Schley court of Inquiry
to-day. At the instance of Raynor, the
judge, advocate summoned Lieutenant
Commander James H. Sears, who was Ad
miral Schley's flag officer on board, the
Brooklyn during the war with Spain. He
testified to many "derails connected with
the campaign and was followed by, other
naval, officers who served on the Brook
lyn. . , , \u25a0 "
The list for the day included: Lieutenant
Commander N. E. Mason, executive officer
of the Brooklyn; Lieutenant Commander
T. D. "Griffiths. , who* had charge of the
powder division of Admiral Schley's flag
ship, arid Lieutenants . Edward Simpson,
who was in \ charge of , the eight-inch tur
ret, of the Brooklyn" and opened fire on
the t Spaniards when they came out of the
harbor, at • Santiago ; Charles Webster and
Edward McCauley, the former being .a
watch" officer" and the latter signal officer
of the" Brooklyn. ;
SCHLEY BEAVE AND COOL.
Officers Tell of the Acts of the Ad
miral While in Battle.
eluding Spanish admiral. Victory com
plete;'details later. ; if . SCHLEY."
Captain Cook : was recalled during the
day, and -.in response "to a question by
Captain Lemly made, an additional state
ment concerning the "retrograde move
ment * of • the ; flying squadron, May 26
to May. 28. He also said; in answer to a
question . by the court « that • Commodore
Schley during. the .battle, of July 3 was
"cool, ; brave . and ,' enthusiastic. I cannot
Imagine .any conduct in battle more ad
mirable." .". ',
Commander Sears gave , a detailed ac
count of the encounter with the British
steamer Adula, the ] examination on tMa
point being as follows:
"Nowi coming to Cienfuegos, give us the
principal incidents that took place j while
the fleet lay off Cienfuegos and especially
Lieutenant Commander Sears followed
Nunez. Raynor questioned him, saying
at the beginning of the examination that
he ' would ask him concerning the points
of the precept and requesting that replies
should' be as concise as possible. Sears
said that when the flying squadron, arrived
off Cienfuegos he knew nothing of a code
of signals for communicating with the Cu
ban insurgents. Questioned concerning
the McCalla Memorandum, he said that If
had been brought to Commodore Schley
by tho Hawk and by no other vessels to
his knowledge."
"During the conversation I had with
Commodore Schley 1 said, not that the
water was not deep enough, but that In
accordance with the Information I had
had In Kingston, Jamaica, In regard to
the dimensions of the Spanish ships, they
were of such a large size that they could
not get into the harbor In consideration of
the narrowness of the channel and the
quick turn they had to make at the Dia
mond Shoal in front of the entrance, and
I still believe that vessels of such slz«
cannot enter Santiago, not being under
the most favorable conditions of weather.
I also was asked by Admiral Schley if I
thought his flagship could enter the har
bor,* and I answered him that I did not
consider It advisable, for the reason be
fore mentioned, and because there were
no buoys to mark the channel, for the
Spaniards had picked them up to prevent
the Americans from coming tnto the port,
and- besides that they had many torpedo
lines across the entrance." . •
Sears Takes the Stand.
engagement. He also made a. correction
in his former statement concerning his
conversation with Commodore Schley on
first meeting him. His corrected state
ment of that Incident was presented by
his Interpreter In written form and read
as follows:
.Nunez Corrects Testimony.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
VOLUME XC-NO. 138.
Highest Tribunal of New York Finds Errors
Were Committed in Case of firs.
Adams' Alleged Slayer.
The San Francisco Call.
NEW TRIAL IS GRANTED
TO ROLAND B. MOLINEUX
BY COURT OF APPEALS
Relates AH the Acts of the Commodore in the Cam=
paign in Cuban Waters and During Destruc
tion of the Spanish 'Fleet.
THRILLING STORY IS TOLD BY
COMMANDER SEARS, THE FLAG
LIEUTENANT OF THE BROOKLYN
EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE BROOKLYN WHO WILL GIVE IMPOR
TANT TESTIMONY BEFORE THE NAVAL. COURT OF INQUIRY TO-DAY
CONCERNING COMMODORE SCHLEY'S CAMPAIGN.* . . > .,. ;"The belief is growing here," says a dis
patch to the Standard from Constanti
nople, "that the Bulgarian and not the
Turkish Government Is responsible for the
retention of Miss Stone, whose capture
was committed with the connivance of
Macedonian agitators, if not with that of
the higher authorities. The attitude of
the latter toward brigand bands Is most
suspicious and very different from what
it was during the time of Stambuloff."
The Daily News, in an editorial upon the
case of Miss Stone, while sympathizing
with the efforts in, her behalf, expressed
the opinion that the payment of a large
ransom is a very questionable proceeding.
"Turkey could easily stamp out brigand
age," says the Daily News, \u25a0'"but so 'long
as benevolent foreigners will pay high
ransoms, why should the Turks trouble?"
It suggests that Miss Stone's letter is
"Just such a document as a clever brig
and chief would drop into the American
letter-box at the present moment," and
concludes by remarking: "An army of
brigands endowed by American subscrip
tions will not add to. the tranquillity of
Eastern Europe."
"It Is possible that the brigands who
captured Miss Stone have withdrawn Into
the interior, of Macedonia In the direction
of Nevrokap," says a dispatch to the
Daily Telfegrapn- f rom Sofia.
"Former, members of the Macedonia
committed, who were arrested on suspi
cion of complicity, denied before a magis
trate any^knowledge of the affair." :•
"Pastors -.Dimikroff and Zirkoff, with
three fellow mission workers," says a dis
patch to the' Daily Express, "have been
killed by . the band that kidnaped Miss
Stone." ,
LONDON, Oct. 16.— "The United States
Government will insist that Turkey, imme
diately make any deficit in subscriptions
for ransoms i for Miss Stone," says I the
Constantinople ... correspondent of .'the
Daily Telegraph, "and also refund the full
amount-subscribed." _
United States May Call Upon Turkey
to.Make Good the Ransom.
MUST TVTA-K-R TJP DEFICIT.
Messrs. Baird and Haskell, the mission
aries, have not yet succeeded -in getting
into touch with the brigands or opening
negotiations. <- ".
rescuing Miss Stone. The other powers
are equally solicitous, but Russia is the
best able to bring the necessary pressure
to bear. ' •
And i works ' off the I cold. 'Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure a cold in. one day. 1 No
Cure, No Pay. . Price \ 25 cents. . . . ;.'\u25a0•.;;
Stops the Cough
. PORTLAND, . Or., Oct.' I lS.-^The long
shoremen of. this city quit work to-day
and it is not improbable • that . a general
strike will be declared. The trouble is due
fo an attempt of Brown & McCabe, steve
dores, to :\u25a0 employ non-union men,
Longshoremen May ; Strike.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 15.— Jacob ' Levy, • a
salesman, -who came here a short time
ago from San Francisco, was arrested to
day, on complaint of J. Adelson, a mer
chant, who charges him with obtaining
money under. false pretenses. -Levy pur
chased a dress suitcase from Adelson for
$5 50. He paid $2 cash, and in paying the
balance of, $3 50 he presented a draft of
$16 25 on-Friedman & Rogers, a shoe firm
of San Francisco. Adelson accepted the
draft and gave Levy $12 50 change. The'
draft was dishonored by the San Fran
cisco firm. Levy .was arraigned before
Justice ' Cobb to-day and his examination
set for October 19. In default . of . bail he
was sent to jail.* . '
San Franciscan in Jail.
Coroner Nevitt learned from Dr. Dixon
of the navy, the family, physician, that
Mrs. Parmenter had .-.been v under; treat
ment for some time past for melancholia,
and says that the act was evidently com
mitted at a time when her mind. was af
fected to the extent of making, her whqlly
irresponsible for her actions. Mrs. • Par
menter was a niece of Rear •Admiral Ir
win, who died recently. ~. . -, * ":.^. '.,.
-WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— Mrs. Parmen
ter/'. wife of Lieutenant Henry E. Par
menter, a naval 5 " offie'er on duty here,
jumped from a fourth-story • window* in
the Portland Flats to-day; and .. striking
on a stone sidewalk, received . fatal inju
ries. Death resulted within an -hour.
Mrs: . Parmenter, ;. While .^Suffering
From Melancholia, Ends Her,
Life in Washington. ' "\u25a0 ' \u25a0
7JAVAT. OFITCEjEI'S WIFE .' . : ;
''{. . JUMPS FBOMC . A« WINDOW
REDDING, Oct. 15.=-Shasta County will
be represented In the State Miners' Asso
ciation, in San Francisco' two weeks hence
by 100 representative mining; men..,. They
were chosen to-day at a. county conven-.
tion of thoso interested in 'the industry. 1
Steps were then taken .for permanent or
ganization for this mineral section, and
the Northern California Miners' Associa
tion was organized with a strong charter
membership. C. C. Bush was made presi
dent and Fred Hurst vice president. The
association will have a scope of several,
counties and. bids fair to: become very
strong.' ''^;.;^ ' : >,- -; :
Miners Form, an Association.
Douglas' Victims Recovering.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 15.— Mrs. Douglas and
her daughter, Aloha ' Agnew, who were
the victims of Charles Douglas' murder
ous assaults on Sunday morning, are rap
idly improving. The mother will soon re
cover, and the daughter, while her condi
tion is still critical, is»much better. She
has partially, regained her speech. Un
less she suffers an unlooked for relapse
the physicians are confident of her re
covery.
Among the plans for future development
it. is contemplated to continue the present
Palmer Mount- tunnel, now in nearly a
mile, to the town x of Oro, a distance of
nine and * a half miles. This tunnel will
have a grade : of 200 feet from Loomis j to
Oro, and will, it is expected, cut into up
ward of 400 miles of mineral bearing
bodies. At the Oro end of the tunnel a
500 or 1000 ton smelter will be erected, and
this will be commenced immediately- upon
the close of the bond issue- in London.
The Great Northern Railroad Company
has signified its willingness to run a
branch road to smelter site.
Assuming the property to be worked to
its full capacity of 5000 tons per day, and
allowing <s00 working days . per year, it
would take more than 150 years to exhaust
the ore body. . /. ;
Nearly $2,000,000 has been expended in
opening up. the consolidated -property, ex
posing more than 1000 veins. These are
partly gold bearing and partly copper.
Robblns reports that he has traced the
large copper dyke more than 3000 feet,
cutting the mountain in two from east to
west, and having a dip of about 30 de
grees to" the south.' ;The- dyke, averages
10% Inches metallic copper over Its entire
range. - • . ;, - .• \u25a0\u25a0 .' -. -. \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0•• • . \u25a0.,.•
TACOMA, Oct. 15. — Spokane and Okano
gan County men have succeeded in unit
ing under one . management 1061 mining
claims on Palmer Mountain, Okanogan
County, including the Palmer Mountain
tunnel. The Palmer Mount Mines . Con
solidated h,as been organized, with a cap
ital of $20,050,000 in preferred and common
stock^ to operate and manage the consoli
dated properties. It will issue $10,000,000
of 5 per cent gold bonds, which will be
floated on the London market by tho
Washington Development Syndicate, offi
cers of which are: President, John Boyd;
vice president, Clyde Preston; secretary
and treasurer, H. R. Turner; consulting
engineer, W. M. Bobbins. . *
Engineer Bobbins has just completed
an exhaustive examination of the mineral
lodes on Palmer Mountain. " From upward
of a thousand assays he has obtained the
following results: Average gold $7 16,
copper »±o 30, silver flO 22, lead $<> 50; total,
$&t>8. v \u25a0 • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0 .
It is estimated by Robblns and other
experts that the ore body that will be
opened by the new deep system of mining
contemplated- will be equal . to at least
234,000,000 tons. Making due allowance ', for
pillars and supports in working, and , if
this body of ore should' yield only $5 per
ton net profit, there is a gross value of
more than $1,000,000,000 in the mineral seam
covered by the claims of the consolidated
company." . " '..•: .':..;
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
NOME, Sept. 26 (via Seattle. Oct. 15).—
On Richard Dougherty's claim, at • the
mouth of Turner Creek, there is a buried
forest. Trees 100 feet long have been un
covered. Some are in an excellent state
of preservation, but others are much
decayed. The wood resembles California
redwood, and some of the trees are ex
ceedingly large.
This was once .a tropical or semi-tropi
cal climate beyond doubt, and ages ago
the mammoth roamed through the wood
ed plains and helped himself to the luxu
riant vegetation. Near this buried for
est elephant tusks, deer horns and mam
moth tusks have been found. A clear,
sparkling, soda spring bubbles up in the
same vicinity, and animals travel many
miles to drink its waters, which are
pleasant to the taste and possess excel
lent medical properties.
The trunk of a tree 9 feet in diameter
at the butt, 6 feet in diameter at the top
where it had been broken off and 80 feet
long was found recently on Jones & Em
erson's Claim on Quartz Creek. It was 30
feet beneath the" surface. The tree was m
a fairly good state of preservation.
Samples of the wood were brought lo
Ncme by A. H. Jo&e. The wood resem
bles cedar and is light in weight,, but dark
in . color, probably from having lain so
leng under ground. The bark, which re
sembled fir, was at least 14 Inches thick.
A gentleman ' connected with the United
States geological survey, who was on
Quartz CrecK, examined the tree, but
could not determine to what species it
belonged. . \ .
The jawbone and teeth of some prehis
toric animal were found in the roots of
this prehistoric tree. The jawbone was
larger than that of a horse. It will be
sent to the Smithsonian Institution,
Washington. . \u25a0 -< \u25a0.. M
Postmaster Wright of, Nome, is out of
one and two cent stamps. A short time
ago he received a large consignment from
Seattle, but they were soon gone. Last
week he sent to St. Michael for $200«worth.
The requisition for the season's stamps
was sent over 1 the winter route last
March, but the office .here has heard
nothing from the letter and it is not cer
tain that the department ever received it.
. Charles Cooper, a miner, recently, ob
tained an option on two claims on Buster
Creek and one on Grace Creek, a tribu
tary to Buster,, the: purchase price on the
-group, being fixed at $100. He put up a
small , deposit, then went out to do some
'prospecting, and in two days had taken
out enough dust to complete the purchase.
He is now working a gang of sixteen men
and \u25a0 has sluice' boxes in operation night
and' day. Cooper thinks he is rapidly be
. coming a millionaire and the seller of. the
property ' is walking, around and tearing
out his hair by the handful.
SDecial Dispatch to The Call,
More Than a Thousand
Claims Under One
Management.
Trees Resembling Cali
fornia Redwood are
Uncovered.
\u25a0 For a second time Judge Estee in the
Federal court has ruled out answers of
the defendants to the "United States Gov
ernment's suit for condemnation of lands
for the naval station at Pearl Harbor.
To-morrow the court will hear argument
on the question of granting a jury trial
in the case. The second amended an
swers have been filed. ; ;
Suit was begun yesterday against the
United States by George B. McClellan
for possession of Quarantine Island, in
Honolulu harbor. McClellan claims the
island under a title that was at one time
recognized by the Hawaiian Government,
but which was afterward by the same
Government declared to be a mere fish
ing title. The suit is against Dr. E. L.
Cofer, United States quarantine officer
here, as well as against the Federal Gov
ernment, being an action to eject the
Government officials from the Island,
which is about thirty-six acres in size.
The island has long been used for quar
antine purposes. .
As rthis mail leaves a land deal for the
purchase of the property- in the island of
Lauai 'by the Messrs. Gay, who with the
Messrs. Robinson have for many years
owned the isla"nd of Niihau, is under ne
gotiation. The heirs of the late "Walter
Murray Gibson, with some, of their as
signs, own the greater part of Lauai. Wil
liam G. Irwin, who leaves in the Sonoma,
has a holding there. The intending pur
chasers will raise sheep on the land.
The M. E. Killean Co., Ltd., a dry
goods and millinery corporation, is In
difficulties, San Francisco creditors hav
ing instituted action to protect their in
terests, r
HONOLULU, Oct. 9.— No rain of any
consequence has yet visited the stricken
districts of Hamakua and Kohala. By
digging trenches the plantation workers
have stayed the progress of the forest
fires and may save the property unless
a wind storm spreads the flames. . .
Special Correspondence.
MINING COMBINE
VAST IN EXTENT
BURIED FOREST
IN THE ARCTIC
Haw a i i a n , Plantation
Workers Fight With
Flames.
TWO CLEVER ACTRESSES WHO ARE WINNING FAVOR WITH THE
THEATER GOING PUBLIC AT THE ALCAZAR AND CENTRAL,
WHICH REOPENED LAST NIGHT.
. This evening a public reception was ten
dered to the visiting delegates in "Armory
Hall. Mayor Clark delivered the address
of welcome, to which High Chief Ranger
G. A. McElfresh responded. Hon. Jo.D.
Sproule wits' chairman of the evening.'
After the routine business the . High
Court adjourned to give the various com
mittees time to attend to . their various
duties, --s- • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•-, - -• . - ... : ..»•:-..
The annual report of High Chief Ranger
McElfresh shows that in the California
Jurisdiction there were on September 1,
1901, 2570 members, a net gain of 1*3 for the
twelve months. At the beginning of the
term there were 165 subordinate courts in
the. State. Since that time eigKt new
courts have been instituted. .
.The high . secretary's report shows the
number of courts in good standing on. Sep
tember 1, 1901, to be 165; members in good
standing on July 1, 1901, 9461.
A resolution was adopted to the eflect
that the High Court be draped in mourn
ing throughout the session out of respect
to the memory of President McKinley,
who was a member of the order. • - -
The following telegram, from, the high
secretary of the New v York Grand Court
to High Chief Ranger McElfresh was
read: - • .
G. A. McElfrlsh, Chico, Cat: The High Court
of New York sends greetings to the High Court
of California and wishes success' to your entire
Jurisdiction. May your session be harmonious
and In the best interest of the order. We have
Just elected eleven true blues to attend the next
session of the Supreme Court at Los Angeles.
On memorial — F. M. Parker, Los Angeles; W.
S. Rodgers, Boulder Creek ; Rev. E. F. Dins
more, San Francisco; Rev. W. F. Reagor, Co
lusa; W. M. Johnson, Los Angeles.
On press— P. F. Struckman, Oakland; J. W.
Llkln, Selma; J. W. Kg.vana.ugh, .Vallejo; W.
S. Rodgers. Boulder Creek.
On constitution and laws — F. J. Wendeling,
Hanford; ' L. J. Marshall, ;Bureka;- Charles
Welch, Los "Angeles; J. J. Cornell/ Los Gatos;
C. H. Smith, Tulare.
On state of the order — O. B. Parkinson,
Stockton; W. Dunn, Pasadena; A. Badgeley,
Ventura; F. W. Wlsmer, Los Angeles; W. H.
Poston, Pomona.
On mileage— G. L. Hazard, Whittier; J. Ost
rander, Watsonville; J. H. Whltaker, Buena
Park; E. E. Wilson, Los Angeles; C. A. Arvld
son, Arbuckle. \u25a0 - •
New business— "W. F. Reagor, Colusa; C. W.
Pickard. Woodland; H. O. Brink, Lakeport;
D. Irvine. Pasadena; W. H. Weedon, Palo
Alto. f
" On appeals— D. H. Gath, Banning; J. Fair
weather, Reedley;. C. F. Harwood, Sacramento;
W. T. Huston, San Jose; W. I. Avery, San
Francisco.
On finance— J. H. Harding, Los Angeles; A.
E. Brown, San Pedro; J.-F. Walln, Colton; H.
Marks, San Dlegro; J. V. Hughes, San Fran
cisco. . : - • ..
On distribution — J. M. Collins, Fresno; F. F.
K^lly, Westminster; T. Murphy, Chico; Ji. C.
Gleason, Corona; J. P. Schaefer, Mayfleld.
CHICO, Oct. 15.— The High Court, In
dependent Order of Foresters, convened in
Odd Fellows' Hall this morning with 230
delegates and the following grand officers
present: High Chief 'Ranger G. A. Mc-
Elfresh, Los Angeles ;V Past High Chief
Ranger F. M. Parker, Los Angeles; High
Vice Chief Ranger O. S. Cooper, Vallejo;
High Secretary W. H. Perry,. Los .'Ange
les; High Treasurer E. Reavis, Los Ange
les; 'High Physician' P. W. Browning,
Hay wards; High Auditor G-. "W. Hood,
Los Angeles; High Auditor J. C. Jamle
son, Oakland; High Orator Rev. B. F,
Dinsmore, Santa Barbara; High Journal
Secretary E. F. Seymour, San Francisco;
High Junior Woodward E. N. Cameron,
San Francisco; High Senior Beadle D.
Wallace, Salinas; High Junior Beadle J.
H. Nash, Half moon Bay; High Marshal C.
M. Lewia, Santa Cruz; High Conductor W.
S.Rpdgers, Boulder Creek; High Messen
ger C. A. Boehme, Stockton; High , Or
ganizer C. "W. Mark of San Francisco. '
At the conclusion of the rollcall 100 new
members were initiated into the High
Court,, eighty-three of . the. number being
delegates and the remaining sixteen mem
bers of Court Chico and other nearby
courts. The following committees were
appointed: ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
California High Court
Hears Gratifying"
" Reports.
SLAYS THB MAN WHOSE
DWELLING HE STTARED
REDDING, Oct 15.— As the result of a
Quarrel following a request that he fill
a water trough before going hunting
Thomas Dawson this afternoon shot and
killed John Carberry, the man with whom
he lived. The homicide occurred at 5
o'clock at a; point two miles east of Red
ding, where Carberry kept a roadside re
sort. Carberry, who was 40 years of age,
lived there with his wife and three chil
dren and Thomas Dawson, who is nearly
60 years of age/ has been a member of
their household for years.
Dawson Is said to have been drinking
to-day. He awoke from a sleep this aft
ernoon and announced that he was going
hunting. Carberry asked him to help fill
a watering trough before his departure.
He refused and a mild quarrel followed.
Mrs. Carberry says that, after the discus
sion seemed about ended, Dawson leveled
a shotgun at her husband from an ad
joining room and fired, the charge piercing
his victim's abdomen. Carberry died in
a few minutes.
Dawson expresses no concern over his
deed. He was arrested soon afterward at
a saloon near the place.
Insurance on a King's Life.
LONDON, Qci. 15.— The Daily Chronicle
learns that a syndicate of tradesmen and
others who will lose- heavily in the event
of the coronation not occurring, have ef
fected insurance on the life of King- Ed
ward for a very large sum at Lloyd's; at
the high rate of 10 guineas per centum. •
Cleveland- a College Trustee.
MISS-STONE AGAIN IN GREAT PERIL
PRINCETON, N. J., Oct. 15.— At the
annual fall -meeting of the Board of
Trustees of the University to-day, Grover
Cleveland was elected a member of the
board. He accepted and was sworn in.
Continued From Page One.
MASKED HIGHWAYMEN
/R.A;TI> BALLABD SALOON
right Battle With Officers and One
of Their Number Is Badly
Wounded.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15. — Five armed men
to-night held up a Ballard (Wash.) sa
loon, rained shots upon the inmates, es
caped through the smoke and a few mo
ments later sandbagged and robbed a pe
destrian on a back street. In all they ob
tained $150 and two gold watches, $40 be
ing from the saloon till, one of the
\u25a0watches and $10 from a man who was in
the place at the time and $100 and a gold
watch from their last victim. At a late
hour they were still at large, with officers
in pursuit.
The Ballard liquor store, of which N.
Theissen is proprietor, was the scene of
the first hold-up. Theissen, John Gold
emith and G. Fisher were in the saloon,
Theicsen and Fisher beinfc behind the
bar. .Through a rear door three men en
tered. One wore a mask and all carried
revolvers. -
Leveling these they ordered the in
mates to hold up their hands. The order
was obeyed. One of the men then ad
vanced toward the front of the room and
the other two remained in the rear, keep
ing their victims covered. . . .
The first robber went behind the bar
and took all the money in the till. He
then ordered Theissen to open the safe.
Theissen said that he was a bartender
and did not know the combination. The
robber then took from Goldsmith a gold
watch and $10 in currency.
At this juncture Mrs. Theissen, wife of
the proprietor, started downstairs from, a
room above to enter the barroom. She
was evidently heard by a picket in front,
for two shots were fired outside.
Immediately the highwayman who had
done the robbing ordered his three vic
tims to march to" the rear of ' the room
Mrs. Theissen could be heard coming
down stairs. All three robbers immedi
ately began firing toward the front of the
ealoon. A moment later T. L. Richards
who with others had been attracted by
the shots, attempted to enter : the front
door. The highwaymen began shooting
again. Mrs. Theissen was then in- the
room. • One of the bullets narrowly missed
her. I>uring this time the highwaymen
were withdrawing slowly. Just as they
were leaving the rear door Marshal Hunt
and Policeman Ballou entered the front
doorr- They -opened fire on the retreating
robbers. The <atter ran through the rear
Coor, -firing as they went. ; j : " j
The five robbers . hastened In a north
easterly direction. • When near the'Pres
pyterian Church they met M. J. -Davis,
Great ! Northern agent. They attacked
him.withoiit-scariiing-and-beat him to the
ground. Hurriedly they rifled his pockets
taking a gold watch and 5100 in gold. They
then disappeared. ...
•The saloon is riddled with bullets. In
all fifteen halls have been found in the
walls and floorer, traced by holes through
the front windows, As they left the sa
loon two of 'highwaymen were assist
ing a third, .who was badly: wounded.
COLOMBIA. DESIRED, ,
TO HAVE "A MEDIATOB
WASHINGTON.: Oct. lS.-rln : regard to
the statement of President Castro con
tained in the presg dispatches of to-day
to tho effect that if Colombia would noti
fy Venezuela , officially .that she. has . ac
cepted the United States as a mediator
Venezuela would willingly enter into ne
gotiations with our Government looking
to a settlement of her difficulties with
Colombia, it is pointed out at the Colom
bian legation here that the Government
of Colombia made known in the most
emphatic terms her complete readiness to
accept the friendly intervention of- the
United States immediately after the
transmission of Secretary Hay's tele
prams August 24 to both Colombia and
Venezuela, conveying in substance an of
fer of such mediation.
,' On the oHier hand, so the officials at
the Colombian legation state, Venezuela,
while not refusing the offer outright
evaded it at the time, and now President
Castro's communication comes only after
the defeat of Venezuelan arms in the in
terest of Colombia, and the failure of
other hostile expeditions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Oct. 15.— The largest mine
sale in Siskiyou County in several years
has Just been consummated. John O.
Welch, a pioneer, who has mined in
Shasta and Siskiyou counties for fifty
years, sells the Great Northern Sweep
stake mine to a Pennsylvania syndicate
for a sum exceeding $600,000. Before leav
ing ?or Siskiyou County to-night Mr.
Welch admitted that the -first payment
had been made to him and the other pay
ments are to follow at stipulated periods.
The Great Northern Sweepstake prop
erty comprises about 5000 acres border
ing French Creek, near Yreka. John
Welch has been acquiring it in sections
by location and small purchase during
the past thirty years. Part of it is quartz
and part placer ground. Welch has de
voted himself to developing it in differ
ent places to demonstrate the approxi
mate value of the whole property and
prepare for a sale. The extraction of the
gold is expensive and far beyond his mod
est means.
The company of Plttsburg capitalists
has had experts on the property three
times and has thoroughly explored tha
property. It is declared to bo one of the
greatest gold mines of Northern Califor
nia. The purchasers will prosecute de
velopment work with as large a force &a
can be worked to advantage. It is the
intention to install a smelter, for handling
the ore from the lower levels. A com
plete hydraulic system will be built upon
the gravel section.
Mr. Welch will remain for a time to di
rect operations before forsaking work to
enjoy his new competence in his old age.
5*. Hawthorne Spitzer and Austin C.
Scott, two young men from New York
and San Francisco respectively, who came
down on the Newsboy, we're among the
first stamoeders to the Candle Creek dis
trict and both bold good interests in the
new country. Mr. Spitzer, speaking in
getieral of the district this morning, said:
"The first indications found were very
rich. The surface gold is plentiful and is
of a rich, coarse grain. My. partner, Mr.
Scott, and I first •went into the country
when only about thirty men were there.
At that time there had been no big finds
and we discoTered only a fairly good
claim. We went out to Nome again but
hastened back on the report of the big
discovery.
"'When we left there for the outside the
Etampede had grown to such an extent
that Candle and her tributaries had been
staked for fifteen miles. The richest of
this striu so far found is from. Nos. 16
to 21. These claims are held by a num
ber of young men, including the Lee and
Elmo brothers. George Fosellas, a well
known Nome prospector, also holds valu
able property on Long Tom. and Patter
eon creeks, tributaries of Candle. - The
mouth of Patterson Is considered the rich
find.
"That there is free gold there and in
great Quantities this instance will prove:
A prospector who was all but destitute
went in at the time our party did. Within
a very few weeks he returned down the
river and bought enough supplies -with
yellow dust to feed fifteen men all win
ter."
SEATTLE, Oct. 15.— The steamer News
boy. Captain Corning, arrived in port this
morning -with thirty-eight second class
passengers from Nome. The Newsboy
left Nome on September SO and has no
news later than that received by the
Xlmball and the Manauense. The little
Bteamer encountered a terrific storm about
midway between Dutch Harbor and Seat
tle and for twelve hours it was believed
ihe vessel would be swamped. By steam-
Ing into the very teeth of the gale, how
ever, the sturdy t>ld craft succeeded in
weathering the storm. -Captain Corning
says that the blow was one of the hardest
lie has ever seen in Pacific waters. - .
Special Dispatch" to Tho CalL
SALINAS, Oct. 15.— Cupid suffered- a
humiliating defeat at the home of Rev. C.
E. Pettis in this city to-day, the conquer
ing gladiator In the hymeneal arena being
an angry father. Because of the latter's
sudden appearance a marriage was pre
vented and the would-be bridegroom is
now a fugitive from the law.
A marriage license was issued yester
day to William H. Strong of Fresno, who
claimed to be a rancher, and Miss Lena
Ewing of Salinas, daughter of one of the
foremen in the Spreckels sugar factory-
Notice of the issuance of license was pub
lished in the daily papers here and was
read by the father of the young woman,
who was in ignorance of her whereabouts,
she having suddenly disappeared about
four weeks ago. Ewing hastened to town,
and, learning that the marriage was about
to be celebrated by Rev. Mr. Pettis of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, he went to
the clergyman's residence. Upon his ar
rival he found the pastor scanning the li
cense. Ewing snatched the document
from his hand and forbade the ceremony,
proceeding on the ground that his daugh
ter was not yet of age. Then, turning to
the would-be bridegroom he berated him
in strong language and threatened to kill
him.
. Rev. Mr. Pettis calmed the enraged
father and duripg their talk Strong de
parted. He was soon followed by Ewing
and on the street the- quarrel was re
newed. A conflict was averted by the ap
pearance of a constable. Upon the 1 lat
ter's advice Bwing swore to a warrant
charging Strong with perjury. Strong
has disappeared and the officers are
searching for him.
Miss Ewing's father claims she Is only
16 years old and says Strong, who is 28
years, of age, though claiming to be a
rancher, is a day laborer without any
means. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TRENCHES HALT
ADVANCING FIRE
SEATTLE, Oct. 15.— The Nippon Tusen
Kaisha liner Kaga Maru and the Ger
man steamer Elba, the former en route
to the Orient and. the latter vessel in
bound, collided in a dense fog this after
noon at a point about a mile south of
Five Mile Point and a mile and a half
from the Smiths Cove piers. The Elba
struck the Kaga Maru near the forecas
tle, tearing a hole in the Japanese steam
er fully seven feet in diameter. The dam
age was inflicted while both vessels were
steaming at half speed. Because of the
fact that the vessels struck one another
ahead of the collision bulkheads there
\u25a0was no serious danger.
The Kaga Maru remained at the Smiths
Cove piers for, eight hours, waiting for
the fog to evaporate. She was to have
departed yesterday morning, but it was
considered dangerous to .venture out. At
2 o'clock, however, the fog had considera
bly lightened, and Captain Ekstrand or
dered the steamer warped out of the dock.
Upon leaving the pier he rang for half
speed and sent the steamer in a direction
several degrees clear of Five Mile Point.
After proceeding about a mile and a haif
the German steamer Elba suddenly loom
ed up through the fog. She also was un
der half speed. The men on each vessel
had observed the other's approach and
the, signals were given for full speed
astern. They were so close together, how
ever, that a collision was inevitable and
the Elba crashed into the Kaga Maru
just abaft the stern and ahead of the col
lision bulkhead.
. The shock when the two big vessels
came together was sufficient to create
considerable commotion, but as soon as
the Elba had backed away from the Kaga
Maru it was seen that there was no dan
ger. The captain of the Elba offered any
needed assistance to Captain Ekstrand
of the Kaga Maru, but the latter declined
the proffered* help, turned his vessel
around and steamed into port again.
The officers on the Elba say that they
were trying to locate the Smiths Cove
piers at the time of the collision. The
fog was so thick that they could not make
out their bearings and they were not ac
quainted with the immediate vicinity.
It is not known what the damage to the
Kaga Maru will amount to. The hole in
her bow is not a dangerous one, and It is
possible that the local agents will order
only temporary repairs and then start the
liner on her interrupted voyage to the
Orient. A board of examiners will survey
the vessel to-morrow.
The Kaga Maru was laden to her full
capacity with freight and carried as pas
sengers twenty-eight missionaries who
are destined for Chinese inland ports.
There were a number of Japanese in the
steerage. The Elba had neither cargo nor
passengers.
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
San Franciscan Brings News
of the Richness of Oan
dle Creek.
Swears Out Warrant for Ar
rest of His Daughter's
Lover.
Big Vessels OolUde While
Going Forward at
Half Speed.
Price Paid for the Siskiyou
County Property Exceeds
$600,000.
Nome Steamer Newsboy
Encounters Storm in
the North.
FORESTERS MAKE
PLEASING GAINS
An . elaborate presentation of John A.
Stevens' strong and affecting play, "Wife
For "Wife," was given at the Central The
ater last evening. The scenic features
were excellently presented and the mem
bers of tho company gave a performance
that was noteworthy. "Wlllard Black
moro did s. line of good work as Edward
Walton, and James Corrigan took off the
part of the French physician with his
customary success. George P. "Webster
was clevei as the servant George, An
nette Marshall was effective as Edith
Walton and Oza "Waldrop was graceful
and dainty as Grace Courtright. Marga
ret Marshall was clever as the aunt and
Lillian Elliott was acceptable in the small
part c£ Martha, the talkative colored
woman.
still smaller house when.it ended,
for "The Girl In the Barracks" is a very
lively sort of farco indeed, too lively for
some of the audience to "stand for." It
is that kind of thing we agree to call
French, with its Gallic origin writ large
all over it. It is industriously suggestive
from one end to the other, and with the
usual quota of injured husbands,, wicked
soubrettes, shrewish wives and gay Lo
tharios shuffled into the usual risque sit
uations with the customary misplaced in
genuity. It is a pity that the authors,
Curt Kraatz and Heinrieh Stobizer.
should have wasted their undoubted "clev
erness on this kind of thins, for it can
hardly "go" anywhere but in France,
where they make them that way. Cer
tainly It is no play lor the young girl,
who would better go back to her sam
plers and "Saphos" than to "The Girl in
the Barracks"; and neither, clever as it
is, is it likely to be popular with the rest
of the high class of patronage that the
Alcazar enjoys. . • . \u25a0
The Alcazar people do good work with
the play. Mr. Alsop has a congenial role
Jn: Paul Roland, . who is let in for the
hardships of a recruit's lot as punish
ment lor his sins. Frank Bacon is al
ways good, and as a Franco-German mil
lionaire chocolate maker, who has
achieved years- of indiscretion, is very
amusing. The girl in the barracks, Liane,
is played with snap and vim by Miss Car
rie Lamont, who looks like a bisque
cherub in uniform, and the other parts
are all well taken care of.
p' \ \u25a0 o HERE -was a \u25a0 small house last
I • night at the Alcazar when "The
I Girl in the Barracks" went on for
11 the first time, and there was a
Angry Father Prevents
a Marriage in
Salinas.
Liner K!aga Maru Badly
Damaged by the
German Elba.
John O. Welch Sells the
Great Northern
Sweepstake.
WOULD-BE GROOM
FLEES FROM LAW
GALE AND WAVE
ASSAIL VESSEL
STEAMERS CRASH
TOGETHER IN FOG
RICHES REWARD
PIONEER MINER
THE SAT? FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 19J1.
A Trifle Too Wicked for San Francisco==f" Wife for
Wife" Well Given at the Central.
"GIRL IN THE BARRACKS"
JUST RIGHT FOR PARIS
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Impaired Digestion
May not be all that is meant by dyspepsia
now, but it will be if neglected.
The uneasiness after eating, fits ot nerv-
ous headache, sourness of the stomach, and
disagreeable belching may not be very bad
now, but they will be if tha stomach ia
suffered to grow weaker. - \u25a0 \u25a0
Dyspepsia Is such a miserable disease
that the* tendency to it should be given
early attention. This" is completely over-
come by ' ', ; v v^ :\u25a0
Hood's Sarsaparilla
which strengthens thewhole di Restive system
g|S| CHICHKTEH'S ENGLISH
U •-^TjT^K . Original and Only G«j> ninn.
€^*€§> \H& n JSS; sow ""tan, £«^5
\fiJl Sr eSs Si** Wm rtbboB - Take bo other. Reftu« !
\u25a0 -^ «^ Sgj »a*irerpa« Snb.tkntlM, and liui!
AA/. T. HESS,
K0TABY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT-IiAW.
Tenth Floor.' Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell.
i* v -•<-", Residence James 1501.
v&^|T^^3^^^^kKr-^^^^. -A- 2 "* you will discover that the
\k7JJ jlpk" /ff/Pfys* Pianos we sell in' this city are su-
v«33T?\>vl ' LTs. i I 111 /si perior in more ways than one to
SL U\ Wl\ll£ / others sold here. We refer in par-
l \^ U IK=4 $^ I lly^^jf-* ticular to the STECK, CONO VEB,
\ iWW \—Wn^CC EVERETT, HABDMAN, PACK-
V Oj^^fftTfc 1 AK3> and the LTTDWIG. - " \u25a0;
53 TAKE NOTICE that our retaili
I "J k H \ I \ *-jf* warerooms will not be opened up
\ fl fl H \ A (h) un **l January 1, but until then
a f JI H \ \ ' \1 // you can take the elevator at 933,
i MpL M.. -\ I — : \u25a0A Market street and procure any
j mnr~": B "\ li ~T~^ j * of the above makes of pianos and
\ai H •' \ I 6 many. others at the lowest wholc-
/ /jc****** 3 B^^w 1 !? / /' We solicit your trade and will
>• \u25a0 2i&I \u25a0 ' . treat y? u nicely if you will call
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933°¥arket Street, San Francisco^
Branch Stores at Oakland, Atameda and San Jose.
Gentlemen: — Stnart's • Dyspepsia Tablets
were recommended to me for my 2-
months'-old baby, which was sick and
puny, and the doctors said was suffering
from indigestion. I took the child to the
hospital, but there found no relief. A.
friend mentioned the Stuart Tablets and I
procured a box from my druggist and
used only the large sweet lozenges in tho
box, and was delighted to find thej' were
just the thing- for my baby. I feel justi-
fied in saying that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets saved my child's life.
MRS. W. T. DETHL.OPE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
12th day of April, 1S97.
HENRY KARIS,
Notary Public in and for Erie Co., N. T.
For babies, no matter how young or
delicate, the tablets will accomplish won-
ders in increasing flesh, appetite and
growth. Use only the large sweet tab-
lets in every box. FulJ sized boxes are
sold by all druggists for 50 cents, and no
parent should neglect the U3e of this safe
remedy for all stomach and bowei trou-
bles if the child is ailing in any way re-
garding its food or assimilation.
Stuart's Dyspepsia TabJets have been
known for years as the best preparation
for all stomach troubles, whether in
adults or infants.
Stuart's Tablets after every meal to In-
sure perfect digestion and avoid trouble.
But it is not generally known that the.
Tablets are Just as good and wholesome
for Uttle folks as for their elders.
Little children 'who are pale, thin and
have no appetite, or do not grow or thrive,
should use the tablets after eating and
will derive great benefit from them.
Mrs. G. H. Crotsley, 538 "Washington
street, Hohoken, New Jersey, writes:
"Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets just rill the
bill for children as well as for older folks.
I've had the best of luck with them. My
3-year-old girl takes them < as readily as
candy. I have only to say 'tablets' and
she drops everything: else and runs for
them."
A Buffalo mother, a short time ago,
who despaired of the life of her babe,
was so delighted with the results from
giving the child these tablets that she
went before the notary public of Erie
County. N. T., an4 made the following
affidavit: • .
For the Children.
To Keep Their Digestion Perfect
Nothing Is so Safe and Pleas-]
ant as Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets.
Thousands of men and women have
found Stuart'9 Dyspepsia Tablets th©
safest and most reliable preparation for
any form of indigestion or stomach trou-
ble.
Thousands of people who are not sick,
but are well ana wish to keep well, take
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. Reserve
berths for this famous train
at 641 Market street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE \
SANTA FE
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB'
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.NEW GENERAL LOCAL FREIGHT
AGENT' OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC,
WHO SUCCEEDS A. D. SHEPARD.
G. C. "Wright, a carpenter living at 119
Chapultepec street, fell from a new build-
Ing at the corner of "Webster and Her
mann streets yesterday afternoon and
struck on a pile of lumber. He was badly
bruised about the body, and the physicians
attending him fear that he received inter
nal irjuries.
Carpenter Injured by a Fall.
J. E. Vann was arrested yesterday by
Detectives Egan and Freel and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of grand lar
ceny. He was working on the steamer
State of California at the Broadway dock
Sunday arfd, it is alleged, stole a coat con
taining $70 belonging to Leslie Spencer,
another workman.
Lost Coat and Money.
The auction of fine Turkish Rugs to-day
at 11 a. m. and 2 v. in. at 332 Font street,
near Powell. .
The Great Eug Auction.
BOSTON, Oct. 15.— The Butte and Bos
ton Mining Company has declared a sec
ond dividend. This time it la 13 per share
as against J5, the amount of tha first one
declared In November, 1900. As all but
about 1000 shares of Butte and Boston
stock have been turned In to"tho.Amalga
mated Company, most of that dividend,
amounting to $600,000, goes Into the treas
ury of the Amalgamated.
Dividend for the Amalgamated.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Oct. 15.— Chief of Police
Donahue Is engaged In arrangements by
which he hopes to be able to accept the
conditions laid down In Pat Crowe's let
ter for the latter*s surrender. He haa al
most completed his request for the with
drawal of the reward offered by the city,
which will be taken up by the City Coun
cil Friday night. Judgre von Sonhaler of
the County ' Court, before whom- Crowe
must appear, refuses to bind himself to
the preposition of putting the alleged kid
naper under, a $600 bond. Speaking of the
matter to-day. Judge von Sonhaler ex
plained his position as follows:
"If Pat Crowe appears before me I shall
treat him In the matt«r of bond and In
every other way Just as I should treat
any other criminal. I certainly shall not
bind myself in advance to fix his bond nt
any certain amount. Of course If he
comes In and surrenders himself volun
tarily, that will be a circumstance that
will be taken into consideration in the fix
ing of the bond."
Omaha Official Declines to Make Any
Concessions to the Alleged
Kidnaper. • -
JUDGE WILL EXTEND * \u25a0
NO FAVORS TO CBOWE
Specialties were given by Mitchell and
Bernard and Tommy O'Brien of the Or
pheum appeared in a monologue.
The following named were the commit
tee of arrangements:
P. J. Hagan, chairman; David Klrby F. J.*
Kierce. Thomas -J. Stanton. John J. McCarthy.
Robert Tobln, E. R. Myrlck. Jere Looney, John
O'Donnell. John T. Green, D. J. Buckley, Rev.
Joseph P. McQuaide, Neal Power, J. K. Cos
g-rave, J. E. Richards Jr. and M. M. O'Shaug
neesey. •
The following toasts were responded to:
"Our Church," by Rev. Joseph P. McQualde;
"Our Country," J. J. McDade, P. G. P.;
"Young Men's Institute," D. J. O'Leary. G. P.;
•'The Judiciary," Hon. F. J. Murasky; "Our
State," Joseph K. O'Donnell.
Those who did do their duty in the
Philippines have been unjustly criticized,
said General Smith, and all because
thO3e who were the critics heard but one
Bide of the story. The Young Men's Insti
tute, he said, whose motto is "Love of
God and Love of Country." has a high
duty to perform and that is to uphold the
servants of this great. nation and to frown
down anything that is calculated to rob
the brave of the credit which belonged to
them.
D. Klrby, president of the Pioneer Council;
Supreme President Frank J. Kierce, Gran.l
President D. J. O'Leary, Grand Vice President
\u25a0\Vhalen. Grand Secretary George A. Stanley,
Supreme Director F. J. Drlscoll, Past Supreme
President J. J. McDade, Past Grand Presidents
Judge Frank J. Murasky and Samuel Hasklns,
Rev. Fathers E. P. Dempsey, Quinn and J. P.
McQuade; Richard Lauxen, John F. Smith and
Robert B. Teefey of Stockton, past grand of
ficers: Thomas Sweeney, the only other member
of Pioneer Council besides General Smith who
served In Manila; Grand Trustee John J. Mc-
Carthy, J. J. Lerman and E. R. Myrlck, treas
urer of Pioneer Council.
During the supper an orchestra dis
coursed music and after the black cof
fee there were vocal selections by 'Wil
liam J. O'Brien and responses to toasts
by the Hon. James F. Smith, who made
answer to the welcome by F. J. Kierce.
At the outset he paid a glowing tribute
to the worth of the men from California
who went to the Philippines to fight for
the honor of the country and said that
the glory of what was done is not due
bo much to thoee who wore the shoulder
straps as to those who in the ranks dla
the actual work and who6e names will not
appear in the roll of honor. "But on oc
casions of this kind," he said, "their deeds
of valor can be spoken of and while they
may not appear in the reports they have
the consciousness of duty well performed
in defense of honor, of country and of
flag.''
Brigadier General James F. Smith, one
of the Supreme Judges of the Philippine
Islands, was the guest of honor last night
at a reception and banquet tendered him
in the California Hotel by the Young
Men's Institute, under the auspices of
Pioneer Council No. 1, of which he was
the first president. There were covers for
ISO in the large banquet hall, which was
decorated with red, white and blue and
the American flag and that of the insti
tute crossed at the head of the hall, with
the words "Our Jim" over.- them. At the
head of the table sat the guest of the
evening and nearest him were the follow
ing named:
Philippine Hero Is Guest
of the Young Men's
Institute.
DENVER, Colo.. Oct. 15.— Miss Minnie
E. Knox, daughter of a former wealthy
business man of Denver, vras declared in
sane in the County Court and ordered
confined at the County Hospital to-day.
The investigation as to her sanity was
made at the request of the Treasury De
partment at Washington on account of
many abusive letters that had been re
ceived there from Miss Knox, demanding
money and suggesting changes in the
methods of the department. |
Censures Officials While Insane.
President Roosevelt has no intention of
reducing the forc« in the archipelago, pro
vided the situation does not permit such
action, and he is even prepared to go
to the point of sending reinforcements
should Major General Chaffee deem them
desirable. .The War Department will
shortly give consideration to the ques
tion of regiments! which shall be detailed
for duty under ChafCee's command.
Xo word has been received by the de
partment relative to the operations which
Brigadier General Hughes Is conducting
in Samar. General Chaffee cabled that
he had sent additional troops to the is
land and this action was approved, but
believing him better informed as to the
conditions, the President did not think
it necessary to wire him instructions.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. X.
"tt\, WAEHIXGTON, Oct. 15.— The enlist
ments of 20,000 men of the army in tjie
Philippines will expire next summer and
20,000 men of the regular establishment
Trill be ordered to replace them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BANQUET GIVEN
GENERAL SMITH
BERLIN, Oct. 15.— The Murchener Zel
tung prints a dispatch from Hilversum
which says that Mr. Kruger, in spite of
all denials, is severely ill.
The question Is discussed with bated
breath in London and the opinion is ex
pressed that Lord Kitchener and. Lord
Milner should have waited before adopt
ing such strenuous measures until the
precise moment when Botha, Dewet and
Delarey are at the end of their resources
and unable to capture British soldiers
and- retaliate by shooting them In return
for hanging Cape farmers and the execu
tion of Lotter's death sentence."
Discussing General Kitchener's procla
mation and the policy of declaring mar
tial law in Cape Colony, a London corre
spondent says:
"If he succeeds the rebellion will be
stamped out in Cape Colony and the
Boers, repulsed from the Invasion of Na
tal, will be gradually starved out on their
own territory. Much depends on the tem
per and ability of the Boers respecting
reprisals. They will lose the support of
their Cape allies unless they can avail
themselves of the resources of retaliation,
horrible as the alternative may be."
LONDON, Oct. 14.— A rumor was start
ed on the Stock Exchange this morning
that General Botha, the Boer commander
In chief, has been captured. However, a
dispatch from Lord Kitchener, dated at
Pretoria yesterday evening, contains
nothing more Important than the weekJy
summary of the captures, a reiteration of
the statement that General Kitchener's
columns are moving against a consider
able force of Boers near the Natal fron
tier, with which General Botha is sup
posed to be, and the announcement that
Commandant Scheeper's command in
Cape Colony has been broken up.
It is reported that Maud Gonne haa
eluded the vigilance of the authorities and
is now on her way to South Africa. Tho
authorities of the principal ports have
been notified to watch for her arrival.
'Former President Kruger De
clared to Be Seri
ously I1L
Force in .the Archipelago Is
Not Likely to Be
Reduced.
Twenty Thousand Men
Will Go to the
Philippines.
Report Excites London,
but Has Not Been
Confirmed.
RUMOR MAKES
BOTHA CAPTIVE
FIELD OPENING
FO R "REGULARS"
. Mr. Rockhill says that during the Boxer
troubles a number of Roman Cathollo
missionaries remained at Slnganfu under
protection of the court arid recently some
English military officers and missionaries
vtaited the court and were received with
every courtesy. ;
There Is no serious trouble In China
now, the reported insurrection In Kansu
and other points being local disturbances
of small moment. A famine prevails <n
Shensl, where many are starving. Somu
$20,000 or $30,000 was collected in the United
States and sent out. A board was ap
pointed to distribute it, but in many dis
tricts it has done little good. The famine
haa, though, been much exaggerated. It
is nothing like that of 1878. ,
In Peking while many of the rich are
poverty-stricken, the coolies are in afflu
ence, because or their continued employ
ment by the allies. They have been em
ployed in ' rebuilding the legations, the
areas of which have been extended — that
of the British being enlarged to ten or fif
teen times itB former size. The British
legation has " had a wall built about i it,
with embrasures anfi a deep moat encir
cling it, but, as the high walla of Peking
could mount guns which would dominate
tt, the defenses are not strong. An agree
ment has been made with the Chinese not
to destroy the wall,
Mr, Rockhill eaya Li Hung Chang is fast
declining physically, although keeping
strong mentally. His digestive organs are
worn out and he haa continual attacks of
high fevers. The news of his death would
not be a surprise, Li's passing would be
a great Iobs to China, for he is the moBt
influential man in the empire.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 15.— W. W.
Rockhill, United States. Commissioner . to
China, Miss Rockhill and Hubbard, Tay
lor Smith, secretary to the Commissioner,
were among the passengers on the Em
press of Japan from the Orient. ' In an
interview given at William Head to-day
the Commissioner said the Chinese were
given control of the capital again after
the protocol was signed on September 7.
There was a brilliant ceremony on Sep
tember 22, when the keys of the gates
were formally presented to Prince Ching,
who was attended by a large number of
Chinese dignitaries. . With : the American
and Japanese troops and the general
gathering the assemblage was quite a
picturesque- one. The Chinese soldiers
nad been entering the city by degrees,
and on the 15th, when they began to po
lice the capital, there were- 300 there.,)
All the troops are being withdrawn from
Peking, excepting the American force,
which is keeping the south gate, and the
Japanese on the east gates. Now that
the protocol is signed, the Commissioner
is on his way east to Washington with a
copy to be delivered to President Roose
velt. A commission has been appointed
to revise the treaties of commerce and
conduct all arrangements in regard to the
trade relations with China, such as the
opening of ports, etc. Sir James Lyle
Jaackay has been appointed to represent
the British, and Sheng Tu, former Com
missioner of TelegraphB, will represent
China. \u25a0 •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In all about thirty officials were pres
ent, Including J. C. Stubbs, traffic direc
tor of the Harriman .lines in Chicago-
Horace G. Burt, president; E. E. Dickin
son, general manager; E. L. Lomax
general passenger agent; S. Higglns, su
perintendent of motive power, and E> S
Buckingham, superintendent of trans
portation, at Omaha for the Union Pacific-
Julius Kruttschnitt, fourth vice presi
dent; E. O. McCormick, passenger traffic
manager; T. H. Goodman, general pas
senger agent, representing the Southern
Pacific; A. L. Mohler, president and gen
eral manager; B. Campbell, traffic man
ager; J. P. O'Brien, superintendent of
rail Hnes; J. L. Craig, general passenger
agent, representing the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company, and W H
Bancroft, general manager and vice presi
dent; T. M. Schumacher, acting traffic
manager, and D. E. Burley, general pas
senger agent of the Oregon Short Line.
In explaining the object of the meeting
Mr. Lomax of the Union Pacific Bald:
Instead of cutting down the time of our fast
trainB the -Intention is possibly to reduce the
running time a Bhado for the winter schedule.
Of course when the cut-offs on the Southern
Paclfio are completed the time will be greatly
reduced, but that consideration lu too remote
for lmmedlata action, We intend to make a
schedule 1 that the Illo Grande Western and
their connection!), which are a factor In trans
continental traffic, can. make no connections
with. "" •. i';
' President Burt was silent upon the mat
tors under discussion. He stated, how
ever, that the Aspen tunnel would i be
thrown open to regular traffic at midnight
to-night and the Bear River-Le Roy cut
off would be used from to-day, thereby
cutting down the mileage of the Wyom
ing division over nine miles and greatly
reducing the grade and curvature. I
The visit of George J. Gould and Gen
eral Manager Russell Harding of the
Missouri Pacific is regarded aa significant
by local officials and Important announce
ments regarding passenger and trafflo ar
rangements are expected, \u25a0
DENVER. Colo.. Oct. 15.— The annual
election of directors of the Denver and
Rio Grande Railway . Company, the . ad
lourned stockholders': meeting, to-day re
sulted . of the choice of the following
board! George J. Gould, NewlYork; Jacob
H. Schiff. -N«w. York; B. H. Harriman
New York; Wlnolow S. Pierce, New York*
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. 15.— Kxecutive
officers and heads of departments of the
Union Pacific, Southern Pacific, Oregon
Railway and Navigation ' Company and
Oregon Short Line, composing what is
known as the Harriman system, to
gether with representatives of the Chi
cago and Northwestern, held a confer
ence in this city to-day for the purpose
of arranging the . winter schedules of
those, railways, cementing traffic ar
rangements and discussing passenger
traffic, train service, innovations and pos
sible extensions. Just what was pro
posed to be . accomplished was not made
public and the meeting ; will be oon
ifhued to-morrow, when George J.
Gould and General Manager Russell
Harding of the Missouri Pacific are ex
pected to arrive.
Officers of the Harriman
System Meet at
Salt Lake.
American Commissioner
Returns From Post
in China.
RAILROAD MEN
REVISE TABLES
ROCKHILL SAYS
PEACE PREVAILS
For the last three years Mr. Luce has
been assistant general freight and passen
ger agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany at Los Angeles. He made a fine
record there through his genial manners
and uniform courtesy to the patrons of
the road.
Luce, formerly of Los Angeles, .is
now general local ' freight agent of .trie
Southern Pacific Company in this city. I
Mr. Luce succeeds A. D. Shepard, who
resigned his position on the 1st of this
month to accept a post with the Pacific
Improvement Company at Vancouver, B.
C. The new appointee is a veteran in the
company's service, although still a young
man.
CHANGES, resignations and promo
tions are still in order in the
"yellow building." The latest was
announced yesterday. George W.
Late yesterday afternoon G. A. Parkyns,
connected with the general freight office
in this city, was appointed to Luce's for
mer position In Los Angeles.
At the time that A. D. Shepard resigned
The Call announced that Luce would be
recalled from Los Angeles and placed in
charge of the local freight office. He
stood next in promotion, and by the rules
of civil service was entitled to the posi
tion. Merchants and all shippers who
have a grievance can rest assured that
under Agent Luce's regime there will be
no cause of complaint. -
George \V. Luce entered the Southern
Pacific Company's service in 1875 and re
mained in its employ until 1888, holding
various positions. On September 1, 1891.
he was general , freight .and passenger
agent of the Texas and Pacific Railroad
and the Missouri Pacific Company in this
city. From September 1, 1891, to October,
1894, he was general freight agent in this
city for the Union Pacific system. From
October, 1894, to February, 1898, he was
assistant general freight agent in San
Francisco of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. In February, 1898, he was appointed
general freight and passenger agent, at
Los Angeles of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. 1
Gould. " who . attended the . meeting to
day, Bald ;that,no change would.be made
in the i officers of the company. He - also
said that there would be no change In the
policy of the management. He denied the
rumors that he is interested In the Colo
rado and Southern, the Colorado Midland
or any Colorado roads except the Denver
and Rio Grande and the Rio Grande West
ern. Gould and party, accompanied by
President Jeffery, \u25a0 left this evening for
Ogden, ' Several : stops - will ; be made * en
route "and Gould will thoroughly inspect
the Denver and Rid Grande ; and the Rio
Grande Western roads.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmasters appointed: Calif ornia-i-E. M
Billings, Brooks, Yolo County, vice H. E.
Norton, resigned. , .
These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Original— Silas B. Swanton,
Santa Cruz, $8. WaXwith Spain— Thcrn
H Ballard, Alturas, $10. Increase— James
Brown, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10.
Washington: Original— Jay 'L. Quack
enbush, Whatcom, $12; George W. Web
ber, Fellda, $6. Widows— Susan Pierce,
Seattle, $8. '
Patents were issued to-day as follows:
California— Martin P. Boss, San Fran
cisco, boiler; William H. Caster, Angels
Camp, assignor one-half to H. F. Whir
low, 'San Francisco, air compressor valve,
Albert S. . Dixon, assignor to Asphalt
Paper Pipe Company. Los Angeles, con
duit pipe; Otho C. Dur,yea, assignor one
half to M. C. White, Los Angeles, oil cup;
Frank C. : Faxon, assignor, to Pacific
Acetylene Gas Company,- San Francisco,
apparatus for generating acetylene gas;
Charles W. Merrill, Alameda, precipitant
for recovering metals from solutions;
Robert 8. Moore, Oakland, assignor to
Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works, San
Francisco, trash feeder for bagasse fur
naces; Edmund M.- Rankln, Los Angeles,
railway crossing; George L. Stearns, as
signor one-half to P. K, Wood, Los An
geles power head: Isaac L. Umstead,
Camarillo. tongue supporter.
Oregon— xlorace G. Campbell, Portland,
valvo gear. • \u25a0 . . \u25a0 .
Washington— John W. Berry, assignor to
Tacoma Automatic Scales Company. Ta
coma, automatic weighing . and packing
machine; Andrew and M. C. J. Bllle, Spo
kane, closing above sliding doors; Joseph
S Cook. Tacoma, device for use in re
moval of brasses from car Journal boxes;
Robert TV Reid, .assignor one-half to J.
L McDonnel, Tacoma. stanchion. •
Arthur Coppell, New York; Edward T.
Jefl>ry, Denver; C. G. Warner, St. Louis;
Russell Harding, St. Louis.
•Warner is second vice president of the
Missouri : Pacific and Harding is general
manager of : that system. They succeed
J. Edward Simmons and Richard T. Wil
son of New York on the Denver and Rio
Grande board of directors. A meeting of
the board for the election of officers will
be held in New York early next month.
Change in the Postal Service and
Pensions and Patents
Granted.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Numerous and heavy as were the defalca
tions for \u25a0 the year 1900. yet for each bonded
man that strayed from the path of rectitude
there were over 900 that remained faithful. It
Is to be noted that the heavy defalcations last
year were mostly by men not covered by sure
ty bond. Without Intimating that the com
panies do not, as a rule, pay their losses, we
regret to report that, during: the year 1900.
61 per' cent of the losses reported to us -were
resisted, contested or otherwise unpaid by the
companies who had accepted the premiums
and issued therefor something that was called
fidelity Insurance, the losses to our members
from this source being in a single year sev
eral times the averare annual loss sustained
by , several members from the. depredations of
burglars, robbers and "hold-ups" since 1894.
By unanimous consent a resolution re
lating to the punishment of anarchists,
presented by James A. Willock of Pitts
burg,-was adopted. The resolution recites
that there exists an imperative necessity
for the enacting of laws by Congress to
punish assassins and for the suppression
of anarchy by providing "capital punish
ment for those ccjivicted of murder or at
tempted murder of persons in high public
positions and adequate punishment by im
prisonment of all parties counseling vio
lence to those in authority."
The committee on nominations held a
meeting to-night and decided upon the
following -list of officers for the ensuing
year: President, Myron T. Herrlck, Cleve
land; vice president, Caldwell Hardy, Nor
folk Va. ; chairman of executive council,
Frank G. Bigelow. Milwaukee; secretary,
James R. Branch. New York City; treas
urer, George M. Reynolds, Chicago. New
members of the executive council— Ralph
Van vrecher, Iowa: J. J. Sullivan, Ohio;
John L. Hamilton, Illinois: James R. Mc-
Allister, Pennsylvania; Frank G. Bigelow,
Wisconsin; E. E. Sweeney, Missouri; F.
H. Fries, North Carolina: J. M. Donald,
New York; P. C. Kauffman, Washington.
MILWAUKEE, Wls.r Oct. 15.-The
twenty-seventh annual convention of the
American Bankers' j Association began a
three days', session here to-day. Bankers
from nearly every State are present. The
members of the association represent a
combined capital of more than $8,000,000,
000. The convention was called to order
by the : President, Alvah Trowbrldge of
New York City.. Alexander J. Burrowes,
president of Marquette College, delivered
the Invocation. Addresses • of welcome
were made by Mayor Davis 8. Rose on
behalf of the city and J. W. P. Lombard,
president of the Milwaukee Bankers'
Ciub, on behalf of the local .bankers. The
reply to addresses of welcome and the
annual address of President Trowbrldge
followed. James J. Branch, secretary of
the association, then presented his annual
report, showing the membership and \u25a0 the
resources of the association to have in
creased-as follows: September 1, 1900—
Paid memberships, 4391; annual dues, $59,
700 October. 10, 1901— Paid memberships,
5504; annual dues, $60,S50. The" roll now
embraces 5504 members, whose capital,
surplus and undivided profits aggregate
$1,718,727,441; combined deposits, $6,288,955,
200; total, $8,007,682,641.
Caldwell Hardy read the report of the
executive council. It stated that the
membership had grown from about 1500
in 1893 to 4500 in 1900, an increase of 200
per cent in five years. • The report alluded
to .the work of the protective committee
as one of the most important features of
the association, and the committee is
credited with accomplishing decided re
sults in the line of the "ceaseless warfare
which we have declared and carried on
against professional criminals and in se
curing immunity for our members from
these deft and light fingered gentry."
On the subject of uniform laws, the re
port stated that the negotiable instrument
law has been enacted in seventeen States.
The council promises renewed efforts of
the coming session of Congress toward
securing repeal of the tax on capital and
surplus of banks. The report declared
that "the question of a suitable currency
system, adapted to our needs and our
banking system, is one of the living issues
of the day."
A. P. Hepburn presented the report of
the committee on internal revenue taxa
tion, appointed for the purpose of having
a reduction made in existing internal rev
enue laws. The report states that the re
sulting legislation is not all that the com
mittee desired, but the association may
congratulate itself on the results accom
plished.
Colonel Robert J. Lowrey , reported for
the committee on bureau of education, the
substance of which was an indorsement
of the correspondence school of the Amer
ican Institute of Bank Clerks. -
A. C. Anderson, chairman of the com
mittee on fidelity insurance, submitted the
report of that committee. It was stated
that a form of bond has been provided
and nine insurance companies are now
prepared to furnish it. The . report con
tained the following:
Negotiable Instrument Law
Adopted by Seventeen
. \u25a0 ' States. /
American Bankers Open
a Convention in
Milwaukee.
EIGHT BILLIONS
THEY REPRESENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
George W. Luce Receives the Position Vacated
Recently by A/ DShepard.
SOUTHERN PACI FIC'S NEW
LOCAL FREIGHT AGENT
3
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy,
Swamp-Root, Will Do for YOU, Every' .Ijgjpllf
Reader of The Call May Have a j
Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely . \ f% If •
It used to b© considered that only url- j •« | ll
nary and bladder troubles were to be / Jj Jfj I N*k
traced to the kidneys, but now modern sJnBllS U\ \
science proves that nearly all diseases _g(?&J?' ™ 1/ sisZfew
have their beginning-, ln the disorder of j0&3j%?C~^+ < \u25a0illl^xlfjnih-
thesQ most important organs. -njl/jBMV.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood — J^^^^S^^S^^^^^-K*<^^^^^k.
Therefore^ when' your kidneys are weak
or out of order, you can understand how fEHUlU yP|DJlJM| B«?ji«?HimayiK»
quickly your entire body is affected, and 8[B?j($a filifffH ll ttsEfii I HW»«.fl
how every organ seems to fail to do its BJ^f ilia^ l ' fla " a '' flMOT "'" ii^1K^M
If you are sick or "feel badly," be^in 11! nil 1>B. KII*7IEK'S i riHjl
taking the famous new discovery, Dr. \\\m\\\ nm I 1T1\ T\nAT» aria
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because aa soon aa |N|| \\V A ftiP-KflflT ii 3
your kidnevs are well they will help all \\hm\l\ '» xllUl 1VUU1 ill M
the other organs to health. A trial will I flisLi v~j t» j d , aa . .Ijsril
convince any one. - II|!Sie' K 1 " 11^" Liver and o ladder JHia
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re- I m33| />]iac JllBSv
sponslble for many kinds of diseases, and £B vuitc. rail
If permitted to continue much suffering I! iaJI DIRECTIONS. I 3R19
with fatal results are sure to follow. Kid- Jsjli •.».,. ,.,- „.,„ two m threa fefS
ney trouble irritates the nerves. maJces |£ to MSmf^iJS™«2ft»SSS J Pll
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irritable. | SdKK. f Hl'l
Makes you pass water often during the H J "£.**, I™ 0 " _,, . \\ Jfl Ifl
day and obliges you to get up many times ! WlVi CMMren leas according to wa . | H
during the night. Unhealthy kidneys l§ J^ C0Dmc f ce^ h if 3
cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the UBS and increase to full dose or more. ||(| j9
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, sS » ««"> coso would seem to require. ; jil
joint3 and muscles; makes your head iuKs'ji B™* reme(J y c™^ "^ (il if 99
ache and back ache, causes indigestion, PW ; | lcldne T. Urer, bladder and Urio JIBjjy
stomach and liver trouble, you get a sal- Ml el II AcId trml)ll!5 <U»rden du« il IBI a
low. yellow complexion, makes you feel IliL'Eil) to wea^ kidneys, such as catarrh jl BfB i
as though you had heart trouble" you may DllS! I of th0 bladder, praTel. rheum»- HI R/15
have plenty of ambition, but no strength* ilOffJH nsw ' ltlmba Ro «nd Erisht's Cl* I Mil
get weak and waste awav, la ea - < *. which is tha wons form of llfqlP
The cure for these t-i/Ubles is Dr. In {3 I w<lne y disease. ,1 Ajjig
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, tho world-famous I ll si ll I{ ** P lea£ant to taia. llHwla
kidney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root I 23 P^PiRmnvrv »» \4m\B
you afford natural help to nature for \\m\\ prepared only by jlijjM
f^P-^" 1 bthe most perfect healer | g DR. KILMER & CO. $M
and gentle aid to the kidneys that is !• PH! **v» w3nil
known to medical science. I ii! BINGHAMTON, N. Y. ffiffl
If there is any doubt in your mind as I §! «nin Won -n~._ < I llisla.'SJ
to your condition, take from your urine ii Mill Soldby all Drngglsta. |a|ffl.g
on rising about four ounces, place it In If r§S }' *^ — —4 (Ja^lia
a grass or bottle and let it stand twenty- I »||lliif||f(iiil!il<3||!rJ!fF73Tn?iriJnSH!ITTi|liIfli3
four hours. If on examination it is milky 11 !^M-il...r'-' l " < "'»''''"'' ''^ >*'' ' 'l'i»™
or cloudy, if there is a brickdust set- ft' 1 fy^'° L ~=?~77^==— =4%^a^BBgftj \u25a0
tling. or if small particles float about in ft i
atteni U ton kldneyS afe neCd ° f lmmediate 1 |M^^ff^^^^^^^ffiSl
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is xijr^IrT* , r i_ 'JT*^ 5^^^^^^
used in the leading hospitals, recom- " " '"— * \u25a0\u25a0 *^»^^^^^^^SSa»
mended by physicians In their private (Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take.)
Ki C who n hivekfd k nTvaTlment t0r h them - M y ou are convinced that
the^reMral^lnlt thJ5Jl?t- ?' b | caua f Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
succeslfuf remMv for vm S* 1 * mos i Purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
bladder trouoTe^ kld ney. liver ana dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere.
rt P r^S^S B '^if't :^? T ? J ~ If * you ha . ve the slightest symptoms of kidney or blad-
KHmS * ro TMnihl 8 1" & a^ of ll ln your *amUy witory. send at once to Dr.
; wUrfmfr^.nX?'t?^f, h tOn ' T:' who wlu gladly send you by mall. Immediately,
marv #f thJ »&* s *™P\l bottle of Swamp-Root Ind a book containing
?nwT nth K° USand ? f testimonial letters received from men
The laTFranSo &J?g3[- be SUre to say that ou read thIs onerous offer in
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and Never
Suspect It. ;.
ARE YOUR
J/TIYIVnPfVC \I/CA1/^
111.1/ 11 C I o u C All •
AD VEKTISEMENTS.
iSMSCHINSKi S
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
| 10 THIRD STREEUAN FRANCISCO. |
| WHEN VALUES TALK i
V WE STAND FOREMOST,
Ij Every person residing ln this city I
knows that they can "buy better I
ehoes for less money in this store I
than elsewhere. We have estab- 1
: lished an enviable record and are w
! proud to boast of that fact. We E
i are getting new customers every K
j day and they stick with us. Why? g
; Because we give values; we have S
I the largest stock to select from: H
; have competent clerks to flt you. H
i and our prices cannot be duplicated R
f elsewhere. If you have never dealt m
I with us, give us a call. Here is a I
i special offer— somethlns swell: La- {
[ dies' vicl kid lace shoes with mat I
j kid collar and front stay; medium B
'• coin toes and tips; full quarters I
I and Cuban heels. THE PRICE I
' S12.4O. Sizes 2^ to 8; widths AA E
to E- I
\ LADIES' FAXCT THREE-BUT- S
TON VICI KID SAXDALS, plain g
j coin toes, turned soles and medium n
_ high heels. Price $L1S. Sizes 3 to 8: D
I widths A to E. Kj
s COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. H
i We have no branch stores nor M
H traveling salesmen. Eg
§ PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. |
h IO THIRD STREET. fl
B San Francisco. gj
\u25a0
* - . FOR . . .
MAYOR,
JOSEPH S.HIBIR
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
RATIFICATION MEETING.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Wednesday, Oct. 16, 8 P. M.
JOSEPH S. TOBIN,
FRANKLIN K, LANE
AN'D OTHERS WILL SPEAK.
Hon. J. J. Dwj-er Will Preside.
DEMOCRATIC COC.VTT COMMITTEE.
IX3UIS H. MOOSEK.
_ Chairman Campaign Committee.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE. '
DIU KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
H : • Nothing succeeds like success. The successful 1
Eg . things in this world are founded on sound facts. Any- a
H thing with a flimsy foundation may flourish for a while, P
Ij but it makes no lasting success. , i
I Our made=to=order I
I suits at . . . $10.00 I
ra are popular with thousands of men in San Francisco. \u25a0
H We have successfully made these suits for years and the 11
If list, of satisfied customers is steadily increasing. The E
\u25a0 suits are a success because they are . stylishly cut and j|
8 well made from all-wool seasonable materials. The fi
£3 goods and the making are guaranteed. 0
H , See some of the suits and you will see why they M
B Suits satisfactorily made to oraer for out-of-town customers m
H through our self-measuring system. Write for samples. M
I 718 Market Street and |
I Cop. Powell and Eddy Sts. 1. . The vote.. of the lay deputations resulted
In" the- ' defeat of the measure. : Of the
fifty-nine- clerical diocesan deputations
men. After three days of most
stirring debate in the House of Deputies
on the proposed canon on marriage , and
divorce the prohibitory amendment to the
present law ' was finally ' defeated. The
galleries and the aisles of the building
were crowded with ladies, the debate and
vote on the divorce section of the canon
seeming to' be especially attractive to'the
fair sex.
Although the • section of the canon pro
hibiting the remarriage of divorced per
sons "was carried when the House of
Deputies sat as a committee of the whole,
it' went down ' to , defeat when . the same
body of men voted as ' clerical and : lay
deputations of the dioceses represented In
the convention. \ ";, ' ;\" *'.
THE proceedings yesterday in the
General Convention of the Epis
copal Church were the most im
portant of any day since the
gathering in this city of tho dis
tinguished churchmen and lay-
The Rev. Dr. Greer of New York Introduces Resolution Seeking to
Safeguard Sanctity of Ties of natrimony °
COMMISSION TO BE ESTABLISHED
TO URGE UNIFORM MARITAL LAWS
These various recommendations of the com
mittee were adoyted by the house and the
actions of the House of Bishops in the prem
ises concurred in. -'\u25a0',\u25a0 ." »" cl "
\u25a0 Many deputies owing to the approaching end
of the" convention, desired to take from the
calender matters in which they were
Interested, but Chairman Lindsay asked thl
committee on the dispatch of business to make
a report. The. Rev. Dr. Greer reported for^he
committee that amendments to the constltut on
"Providing for the resignation of ministers
or deposition of the same by a Bishop In order
to avoid a trial; getting the limit of time in
which the election of a Bishop may be con
curred in by other dioceses and providing that
the election may be declared void in the ab
sence of the concurrence and another election
held; providing that the House at Bishops shall
have the power to declare a missionary district
vacant when the Bishop in charge is unable
on account of physical disability to discharge
his duties; providing for the possession of cer
tain qualifications In the consecrations of for
eign Bishops: providing for. the examination
of churches in a diocese by the Bishop and
the application by a Bishop or congregation to
the House of Bishops - for a council of con
ciliation to settle differences; providing for
the manner in which a Bishop may resign his
charge and the mode of . acceptance by the
House of. Bishops, and providing for the or
dination cf- women as deaconesses of the
church. ...
The Rev. Dr. Davenport, chairman of the
committee on canons, presented a series of
resolutions. The committee recommended the
concurrence of the house in the following mes
sages received from the House of Bishops:
The House of . Deputies resumed its sitting
yesterday afternoon at 2:30, in accordance with
a resolution passed in the morning, but a
quorum was lacking when Chairman Lindsay
called the house to order. Pages were sent
out to bring in members and in a few minutes
the business of the house was well under way.
Confusion Is Caused by the Tempo
rary Violation of Parliamen
tary Rules. "
VOTE ON DIVORCE CANON V; ;
IS TAKEN BY THE H0TJ3E
THE final vote of the House of
Deputies on the much-discussed
canon on marriage and divorce
was taken yesterday afternoon
and resulted in a victory for
\u25a0 those deputies who were op-,
posed to the total prohibition
of marriage of divorced persons.
The canon providing for the disciplining
of divorced persons also went down to de
feat in the committee of the whole of the
House of Deputies.
The result of the votes yesterday on the (
canons on marriage and divorce and on
the disciplining of .divorced persons who
remarry is to leave intact the church
legislation that has been in force for many
years. .
An important measure was also adopted
by the House of Deputies yesterday atter*
noon, when a majority vote accepted the
amendment to the constitution presented
by a committee of which the Kev. Dr.
Huntington was chairman, providing- for
the spiritual oversight by a Bishop of cer
tain congregations not in union with the
Episcopal church. This amendment was
in line with the one previously introduced
by Dr. Huntington, but which was defeat
ed earlier In the convention. The new
amendment clearly defines certain attii
butes which the congregations and their
pastors must possess before an Episcopal
Bishop can give them spiritual oversight.
A flood of amendments, substitutes and. mo
tions .came thick and fast from all parts of
the house and after a tangle it was finally
decided to vote on the sections by «rders
The secretary then read the three sections of
the canon defining what marriage is and how
it must be solemnized by the clergy of the
Episcopal churchy the. number of witnesses to
be present and the question of receiving the
consent of parents to a marriage in certain
The three sections were adopted by the fol
lowing vote: Ayes— 48 clerical. 40 lay; noes—
6 clerical, 8 lay; divided-5 clerical, 2 lay The
number of dioceses in the house are flfty'-nlne
and It requires thirty votes «ach for clerical
and lay deputations to carry a measure by
orders.
DIVORCE CANON IS DEFEATED.
The vote was then taken on the adoption of
the section of the canon which prohibits the
remarriage of divorced persons -
The vote resulting in the rejection of tlr
sectlon was as follows:
A Clerical Ls^.
e>*? a> i*
•Noes ..;.....\u25a0....:.. ia> - •*•
Divided _ „.. Jo. -J
by those who had helped to defeat the pro
hibitory section on remarriage of divorced per-
At this point the house became Involved in
a. tangle as to the proper parliamentary method
» O *&n™r!?"m^ O f * a ™ en(lme nts and resolutions
th* ri-SfSi £2V" I*'* of the hou se and
the clerical and lay deputies who sought to
explain Just what was the proper method to
pursue only served to Increase the mixup! '
A dozen deputies were on their feet at the
The Rev. Dr. McKlm of Washington desired
™^4 te ' ViV !. voct! ' on the three on
marriage and a vote by orders on the divorce
section.
The Rev. Dr. Parks of New Tork moved ta
amen-1 *nfl axkedfor a division of the canon
into sections in order that the house might
vote on the three • sections relating to the
solemnization of marriage and then on the
fourth section as to the remarriage of divorce*
persons.
Deputy Lewis said that it was not necessary
to take a vote on the canons by sections, and
in order to save time moved that th« House
of Deputies adopt the entire report of the com
mlttee_of the whole.
"The second resolution is as follows:
"Resolved. That the House of Deputies con
cur with the House of Bishops in its message
r»o. 36, with the following amendments: Strlko
out all after the word 'repealed' in the second
line."
At 3 p. m. the order of the day was called
for and Deputy Lewis of Pennsylvania moved
that the report ot the committee of the whole
be heard.
Chairman Joseph Packard of the committeo
of the whole then reported as follows:
"As chairman of the committee of the whole
I have prepared the following resolutions as
expressing the report of the committee, one
relating to message No. 26 and the other to
messa_3 .No. 36.
"Resolved. That the House of Deputies eon
cur with the House of Bishops in lta message
No. 26, with the following amendments? In
section 3, paragraph 1, strike out the last
clause following the 'marriage. '
"The words stricken out are 'or Is perma
nently resident In a foreign country.'
"Amend section 3, paragraph 2, as follows, so
that it shall read: "No minister shall solemnize
a marriage except in the presence of at least
two witnesses. In case the parties are un
known to the minister he shall not solemnize
the marriage without the presence of at least
two witnesses to whom the parties are per
sonally known, unless in the Judgment of tha
minister it shall be impracticable to obtain
such witnesses.'
should be taken up first, to be followed by
amendments to the canons.
TAKES UP CANON ON MARRIAGE
Rev. Joseph Carey, D.D., chairman of the
committee on theological seminaries, read a
highly Interesting resume of the triennial re
port of these Institutions. He said the com
mittee was gratified to report tho seminaries
to be in a prosperous condition. As an evi
dence of this he noted their- net value to be
J2.208.521 22; that the par value of the personal
property was tl.3C5,t<22 71 and the market value
tl.497.409 73. while the books in the library are
valued at. $100,000 and the amount of contribu
tions from the several dioceses is as follows:
Reported in 1S9S, $20,764 61: added since, 1301.-
SS1 61; while the total contribution to May.
1901. waa $2,076,144 61. The trust funds which
embrace sixty-nine foundations, fellowships and
REPORT ON SUBmSTARIES.
• To report on the translation of the Bishops-
Rev. Dr. .McConnell, Long Island; Rev. Dr
Hopkins, Chicago; Rev. Dr. Grosvenor. New
York; John W. Randall. W.. IL Adams and
Morris W. Seymour.
Prohibitive degrees of divorce— Rev. a Dr
Hughes, Rev. Dr. Olmsted, Rev Dr. de Witt of
Chicago, W. B. Cutting of New York, Edward
L. Temple of Vermont and B. L. Wiggins of
Tennessee. ." > , .;
When the minutes had been approved Dr
Lindsay read the following committee appoint
ments: .
2£embers Transact a Deal of Business
in Order to Finish Work of
Convention.
MOBNING SESSION OF
THE HOUSE OF DEPUTIES
Rev. Dr. Carey read an interesting re
port on theological seminaries. It waa
adopted, as were also a number of resolu
tions handed in by- the committee.
large amount of business is
transacted. Yesterday morning was no
exception to the rule. Resolution followed
resolution In rapid succession and reports
of committees told of work accomplished
during the recess. The matters on the cal
endar are rapidly being discussed and de
cided, and there is every likelihood that
before to-morrow night the business be
fore the body will be disposed of and the
delegates will leave with a feeling that,
although much time was taken up In ora
tory. It was well spent.
When Chairman Undsay called the
House of Deputies to order yesterday
morning only half the members were in
their seats. Belore Secretary Hutchins
had finished reading the minutes, how
ever, the house was comfortably tilled.
Ihe discussion of message 36, sent down
by the House of Bishops in relation Xo the
solemnization of marriage, was discussed
in committee of tne whole near the close
of the morning session, and Cnairman
Packard, after making the .report, asked
to have the committee relieved of further
consideration of the subject.
Next in importance was the Teport on
the state of the church, which was read
by Rev. Dr. Duncan of Louisiana. It was
lull of facts and figures and enlightened
the deputies as to the progress of the
church during: the last three years. . \u25a0
Resolutions of sympathy on the death
of Mrs. Twing, a prominent church work
er, were presented and adopted by a stand
ing vote. The secretary was instructed to
forward a draft of the resolutions to the
family of deceased.
a S the ninth triennial conven
j& tion of the Protestant Episco
/^k pal church draws, to its close
Lmmx\ the House of Deputies is strlv 7
I ft Ing to finish up the business of
*^^ the session. Every morning a
The Rev. Dr. Duncan of Louisiana read an
able report on the state of the church It was
lull- of statistics and- advice. The report- was
rendered in conformity with title t canon 20
section 3 of the digest. The following statistics
were contained in the report:- . '"-"^
\u25a0 Since the last General Convention the: un
usually large number of eleven Bishops of this
church and many priests* and laymen have
STATE OP THE CHTTBCH.
The committee reported adversely upon the
memorial of the diocese of 'Springfield, asking
that a part of its territory be received by the
General Convention as a missionary district.
With the report verbal explanations were made
euRgestlng that in equity it required a read
justment of territory as between Springfield
and the State of Illinois, as the latter under
present conditions, had all the fat while Spring
field had all the lean, and expressing the be
lief that a sense of Justice would lead Illinois
to recognize the injustice of the present ar
rangement and agree to a readjustment of ter
ritory. The matter was placed on the
calendar. . . , \u25a0\u25a0- >\u25a0 '-
The Rev. Dr. Aleop of Long Island from tho
committee on new dioceses recounted the ac
tion of the Bishops as above set forth in regard
to th<» requ»ft of the churchmen of Honolulu to
be put under the supervision of a Bishop ot
the- American church, asking, in view of the
fact that the matter had taken a turn which
obviated the need of the intervention of the
deputies, . that the committee be discharged
from further .consideration of the subject. Ths
request was granted. '
The last message Informed the deputies of
the outcome of the trouble In regard to the
bishopric of Honolulu, the principal feature
thereof being the resignation of the B'.ehop of
.that church; full particulars In regard to
which were in the Call's report, of the preced
ing day's proceedings of the House of Bishops.
The deputies voted to concur in the action of
the Bishops. . ' \u25a0
REPORT ON DIOCESES.
The next message transmitted to the depu
ties was the Bishops' reply, published in yes
terday's Call, to the communication received
from- the synod of the Mexican Episcopal
church, asking- for the consecration of Bishops
for that church.
The third message notified the deputies of a
resolution continuing the Commission on
Ecclesiastical Relations.
Several messages were received from the
House of Bishops. The first Informed the
deputies of concurrence In the resolution of
the latter with reference to the committees on
Christian Endeavor.
The second reported a proposed change In
the constitution to be voted on at the next
General Convention and a proposition to add to
the second sentence of section 1, article 2, after
the words "Convocation oT the diocese" the
following: "Provided, however, that when a
diocepe shall be formed out of a missionary dis
trict the missionary Bishop in charge of said
district shall become the Bishop ot said dio
cese If he shall so elect."
MESSAGES FEOM BISHOPS.
"Resolved, That the fellows of the seminary
be eent abroad to • pursue their studies rather
than In the seminary Itself."
Dr. Carey explained the last recommendation
by saying that If the fellows of the seminary
went abroad to some of the great unlverstites
to study they would come back with renown
and would be eligible to the chairs of the Gen
eral Seminary.
"Resolved, That this convention recommends
that scholarships be awarded by competitive
examination and
scholarships are confided to the care of the
Union Trust Company of New York and are
valued at $1,364,687 33. There are 30,281 books in
the library, and among: the most valuable in
the collection are copies of Bibles printed by
Gutenberg and other famous printers.
At the conclusion of the reading the report
was received and the ; following resolutions
were adopted:
Rev. Dr. Duncan Gives Statistics
Showing Its Progress.
Remarriage of Divorced Persons Is
Not Prohibited.
VOTES OF LAYMEN
DEFEAT MEASURE
CHURCH'S CONDITION
TOLD IN FIGURES
7 HE rejection by the House of Deputies of the General Convention of the proposed prohibi
tory canons on the remarriage' of divorced persons' and the discipline for a violation of the
law leaves the 'existing canon in full force and effect. This canon has been accepted for
many years in the Episcopal church and is as follows:
TITLE 2, CANON 1,3 — OF MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.
Section I. If any persons be joined together othenvise than as,Godh Word doth allozu,
their marriage is not lawful • t /
Section II. No minister, knowingly after due inquiry, shall soleihnize the marriage of any
person zvho has a divorced husband or zvifc still living, if such husband or wife has been put
away for any cause arising after marriage; but this' canon shall not be held to apply to the inno
cent party in a divorce for the cause of adidtery, or to parties once divorced seeking to be united
again. •
Section III. If any minister of this church shall have reasonable cause to doubt \u25a0 zvhether
a person desirous of being admitted to holy baptism, or to confirmation, or 'to the holy communion,
has been married otherwise than as the word of God and discipline of this church allow such min
ister, before receiving such person to these ordinances, shall refer the case • to the Bishop for his
godly judgment thereupon; provided, however, that no minister shall, in any case, refuse the sac
raments to a penitent person in imminent danger of death.
. • Section IV. Questions touchinng the facts of any case arising under section H of this
canon shall be referred to the Bishop of the diocese or missionary jurisdiction in which the same
may occur; or if there be no^Bishop^ of such diocese or missionary jurisdiction, then to; some
Bishop to be designated by the standing committee; and the Bishop to whom such questions have
been so referred shall thereupon make inquiry in such manner as he shall deem expedient; and
shall deliver his judgment in the premises.
Section V. This canon, so far as it affixes penalties, does not apply to cases occurring be
fore it takes effect, according to Title IV, canon 4. . \
CANON ON MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE
EXISTING IN EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Continued on Page Fivo.
CANON ON DIVORCE FAILS TO PA5S THE HOUSE
OF DEPUTIES ON ITS FINAL VOTE BY ORDERS
. - \u25a0„ - \u25a0 • ' • . .- . . \u25a0,-.•, .-...--...-. .....
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901;
4
INCIDENTS OF THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE GENERAL' CONVENTION^ OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH NOW IN SESSION IN THIS CITY.
Continued on Page Five.
thirty voted for the prohibitory section,
nineteen voted in the negative and ten
were divided. The lay deputations voted
as .follows: Eighteen for the section;
twenty-four against and nine divided.
In order to have" carried the section
would have had to receive the votes of
thirty lay deputations. The defeat of the
section allows the present canon on dl
.vorce and marriage to remain in force.
The canon is published on another page of
this paper. The canon on "discipline for
divorced' persons who remarry" was voted
down, having been defeated in commit
tee. The. Rev. Dr.- Huntington of -New
York secured the" adoption' of an amend
ment to the constitution providing for the
spiritual oversight of a Bishop of differing
congregations not in union with the Epis
copal church. • This favorite measure of
the i New York divine was only, accepted/
however, with ironclad provisos. "
Considerable business of a routine na
ture was "carried out . by • the House . of
Deputies owing. to the near- close of the
convention." „ /
The Rev. Dr. Greer of New York, who
Resolutions of sympathy on the death
of Mrs. Mary Ellen Emery Twing were
adopted. ' . , > :/'.*,
.The Rev. Cameron Mann of ' Missouri
was nominated by the House of. Bishops
to nil the^ vacancy In the missionary; dis
trict of .'.North Dakota.' The House of
Bishops received ".- the . testimonials , of
others for Missionary/Bishops and \u25a0 they
\u25a0were turned over to the committee on con
secrations. Bishop Potter. was. elected to
prepare, the pastoral letter for 1904. The
House of Bishops confirmed the election
of. four Missionary Bishops and commit
tees "were appointed to apprise the fortu
nate men. Reports of .various committees
were received and adopted.
The House of Deputies also received the
important report on the state of the
church. ' ' - .
favored the prohibition of remarriage of
divorced persons, secured the adoption of
a resolution to provide for a .joint-com
mission to confer with other denomina
tions in the hope of securing , universal
laws on the subject of marriage and "di
vorce. The commission w}ll report -to the
convention of 1904. '\u25a0;, . . . ..Continued From Pag« Four.
\u25a0A delegate 'from Minneapolis; laboring under
the Impression \u25a0 that \u25a0 message No. 36 of th«
that would justify Itself to the mind and to
the conscience of the convention. I am frank
to say that I have not felt, especially of late,
satisfied with any form in which our work has
been cast. The . great difficulty is that it is
dangerously easy to put down something that
looks right on paper, and it is awfully difficult
when the concrete case comes .up to . say . that
you have done what is right in the * Bight of
God. In doubtful cases we invite those who
are penitent to come to the holy communion.
We are not allowed to define their penitence for
them. In this matter, since we have no courts
to try it, and the ultimate- court at last is the
court of conscience, I should hesitate to sub
stitute the authority of this convention for
the conscientious verdict of the soul of . the
individual face to face with God. Therefore I
must entirely and positively object to the pro
vision in. this canon which substitutes a pre
sumption of guilt for a presumption of . inno
cence. That' is to subvert a primary principle
of Anglo-Saxon- justice. This is probably a
matter of' pastoral relation, but here it- Is pro
posed to make it a penal regulation, the most
extreme which man can impose."
DB. GREER MAKES A SPEECH.
The Rev. Dr. Greer of "New York followed,
and said:
"I hesitated about taking the platform, ' be
cause I am reluctant to Inflict a speech upon
the committee when I think It Is prepared to
vote upon the question; but I wish simply, to.
state my own position in this matter. And,
first of all; that I am one of those few, If you
please, theorists, \u25a0 if you please, • who -believe in
the lndlssolubillty of the marriage - relation
(Cries, "Good, Good"). I bellevo that thaUhas
been and Is the attitude taken by. a large part
of Christendom to-day with regard to what that
part of Christendom recognizes as a marriage
relation and which it regards as indissoluble.
But I should be - glad 'to have- this church- put
Itself simply upon record as believing and de
claring it3 belief J in that great, high' arid sa
cred principle. I believe that whether it does
it now, the time will come when it will do it,
when all the religious organizations of Chris
tendom will do it; yea, when our Christian civ
ilization will do it, ., and we will come to rec
ognize the fact that it is expedient not simply
because it is expedient, but expedient because
it is right. And ye^ having taken that position
and made that solemn declaration as to Its be
lief and its principles, then I would have this
church go no further; and^ therefore, I would
favor the substitute offered by my friend from
Long Island to strike out this canon with ref
erence to discipline.- -It is. true the- canon pro
vides that the Bishop of a diocese or a district
may adjudicate that matter, that It can bo re
ferred to him. 'Ah, gentlemen, . the office of a
Bishop is a high office in this church; the duty
of a Bishop is a high. duty In this church; but
It is the not the duty of the Bishop, it is the
duty of the priest, in his close. Intimate pas
toral relations £o deal .with the crlcumstances
and the details of the case of every Individual
sinner In his congregation. Therefore, I would*
strike out this canon of discipline altogether,
because it is a canon of casuistry, and casuis
try cannot deal \u25a0 with the Individual circum
stances surrounding every individual case.
. "It has • been said - that the . preacher . in tho
pulpit occupies the sublime strategic . point in
the , moral universe. No, , sir; not \u25a0 the
preacher, in the , pulpit occupying that sub
lime strategic point in the -moral uni
verse, but the. minister, or the priest,
or the • pastor when he comes Into touch
with the history, with the pathos, with - the
sorrow of the individual penitent soul occu
pies the sublime strategic point in the universe.
Let -this church put itself: upon record as be
lieving In the great principle, then strike out
the canon of discipline, and put itself on record
with Its MaBter, that 'This man recelveth sin
ners and eateth with them.' " (Cries of "Hear,'
hear.") >\u25a0 • ' '•. ' \u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0>\u25a0
" The Rev. Dr. Spalding arose at this juncture
to ask if. a certain portion' of the amendment
were stricken out in. what condition would it
leave the church's ' legislation | on • the subject ?
The chairman replied -that - each- member of
the committee must determine that for him
self. I ' : v \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 : . V -\u25a0\u25a0 • ,;>.
left us, called to the rest of paradise. Into
their roora others have come. As many as
fourteen Bishops have been consecrated; the
clergy Is 280 larger to-day than It was three
years aeo and upward of 178,000 laymen have
been baptized."
The tabulated statement of the returns pre-
Ecnted chows the following footings:
"Number of clergy reported, 6C22, of whom
8C are BishcDfe, tin priests and ZZZ deacons;
deacons ordained. UK.; priests ordained, £29;
candidates for holy orders. 471; postulants, 250;
lay readers. 20£S; baptisms, 178, 833: persons
confirmed, 121,245; communicants, 743,622; Sun
day-school officers and teachers, 46.S40; pupils,
433,112; pupils in parish schools, 13,947; pupils
in industrial schools. 10.8C5; parishes. 3277;
missions, SC<>4; in all, 6TS1; church edifices,
6948; church edifices free. 4077; sittings in
churches, 1,185,206; free sittings in churches,
805, 165 ; churches consecrated, 310; rectories,
2201; church hospitals, 70; orphan asylums, 50;
homes, S3; acadsmic Institutions, 116; colle
giate, 12: theological. 10; other institutions. 57.
"Contributions — Parochial purposes. $34,209.
097 £7; diocesan missions. S1.E22.5&8 10; other
diocesan objects. $0,240,553 12. Total diocesan
contributions, $6.7M,093 22, and to which must
be added a certain but unreported amount con
tributed to ag-ed and infirm clergymen and th?
•widows and orphans of clergymen, for the
education of postulants and candidates, but
which amount Is contained in the return given
below as contributed at larse toward the
necessities of such persons.
"Missions without dioceses and districts. $1,
402 706 28- education of the ministry. $61,590 87;
ZKfd and infirm clergymen. S200.&65 10: widows
and orphans of clergymen. J199.S48 49; other ex
tra diocesan objects, $2,852,813 86. Total for all
jiurposee, $45,690,715 40.
••Endowment?— Episcopal funds, t2.6S6.2oO 73;
Fupport of oarishes. S3.E21.871 £2; aeed and in
firm elerrymen. SRSO.646 63; hospital and other
institutions, J7.3S3.275 98.
FIGURES TO STUDY.
'From these fierures," the report says, "we
are to study the state of the ' church, ever
mindful of the fact tha.t mere figures can never
plve us more than a partial conception of Its
conditions. The returns of the number of
clergymen and ordinations show an increase of
f-omethlng less than 6 per cent, while the num
ber of communicants has Increased a little
Jess than s per cent.
"The conditions of church life are nucb that
It is to be expected that the communicants
will Increase more rapidly than the clergy, yet
we believe this showing is an admonition to us
that we ought to pray more earnestly than
heretofore that the l>ord of the harvest would
send forth more laborers into his field.
This duty Is impressed upon us more strongly
when we find that the ordinations to dlaconate
and priesthood number 87 less in the last three
ypars than in the like time preceding the last
General Convention. Then to reinforce the les-
BOH w find that there are 69 fewer candidates
end nostulants for holy orders and nearly 200
-ewer lay readers than there were three years
e?o. Ana again, we find the number of Bun
cay-school teacher* fewer by 377 now than
i Men.
"Your committee re-echoes the cry that these
dumb figures utter — men are wanted; educated,
trained, devoted men to labor in the various
activities of the church's life. "We trust that
the youth of the church will be alert to re
spond to the call to service."
When Dr. Duncan concluded reading the re
port, he offered the following resolution, which
was adopted:
"Resolved, That a copy of the report pre
sented be transmitted, to the reverend fathers
in God. the House of Bishops, with the re
quest that they Issue a pastoral letter and ask
their united prayers and benedictions."
TRUSTEES ABB APPOINTED.
The following deputies were appointed trus
tees of funds for vldows and orphans of de
ceased clergymen and for disabled and Infirm
clergymen: Kev. Dr. Morsran. Dix, Rev. Dr.
Alsop, Rev. Dr. Alexander Mackay-Smlth,
Rev. Dr. Elihu Clancey, George C. Thomas,
Rev. Dr. J. S. B. Hodges, Rev. Dr. Littelle,
Rev. Dr. Greer and Rev. Dr. Olmsted.
The committee appointed in 1SS8 to take into
consideration the .question of the validity of
orders of the Reformed Episcopal church and
whether reconflrmation of the members of said
church is necessary asked for further time,
and on motion was continued, with instructions
to report to the next General Convention, the
president being given power to fill vacancies
In the committee.
The Rev. Dr. Parks of New York, from the
committee on nomination of trustees for the
relief of widows and orphans • of deceased
clergymen and of aged, infirm and disabled
clergymen, presented the following names for
trustees: The Bishops of Pennsylvania and
Connecticut. Rev. Dr.- Morsran Dix. Rev. Dr.
Alsop. William Alexander Smith. Mr. Chauncey
and George T. Thomas. The action of the com
mittee was approved and those proposed wert
elected . trustees. . \u25a0
Rev.- Dr. Davenport, chairman of the com
mittee on canons, read the report of the com
mittee and offered the following resolution:
"Resolved, Any Bishop or Bishops elected and
consecrated undpr section 7 shall be entitled to
a scat in. the House of Bi shops and shall be
eligible to' the office of Bishop or Bishop- coad
jutor x In any organized diocese within th<»
United States, provided that such Bishop shall
not be 'so eligible within five years from the
date of his consecration, except to the office
of a Bishop of a diocese formed In whole or
In part out of his missionary district."
Deputy Clement Chase of Nebraska offered a
Joint resolution providing- that hereafter nom
inations of Bishops. to missionary districts be
not made public until after the names have
been finally acted, upon, in., executive session
by the House of Deputies, and in no event shall
any nominations be made public that have been
acted upon unfavorably. • Under suspension of
the rules the resolution was adopted.
PROLONGING SESSION.
Ex-Governor Prince offered a resolution ask
ing that the afternoon session beg-in . at 2:30
and continue until the ' house decided to ad
journ. It was adopted. „ .
Dr. Estell offered a resolution of sympathy
on the death of Mrs. Twlng. It was adopted
by a rising vote and the secretary was instruct-
Continued From Page Four.
REMARRIAGE IS .NOT PROHIBITED
House of Bishops was going to be voted upon,
tried to have it amended, but Chairman Pack
ard ruled his amendment was out of order. .
The Rev. Dr. Hopkins of Chicago followed
with a sharp speech and supplemented it with
an . amendment asking the House of Deputies
not to concur with message 36 of the House. of
Bishops. \u25a0 Chairman Packard ruled that such
an amendment would be proper in the House
of Deputies, but not before the committee of the
whole.
A motion was then made on the following:
resolution and carried:,
"Resolved, the House of Deputies concur
ring. That sections 3, 4 and 5 of message No.
36 be repealed." .'. '
The question next came up on the report of
the \u25a0 House of Deputies in adopting the reso
lution as so amended.
• Upon motion the committee of the whole
arose and Chairman Packard, after reporting,
asked that the committee be discharged from
further consideration of the subject and that
the message be made the order of the day
immediately upon the assembling of the house
in the afternoon.' It was so ordered.
A message from the House of Bishops in
formed the House of Deputies that it had con
curred in message No. 32, with reference to
marginal readings for the apocrypha.. An
other message informed the deputies that the
Bishops had adopted a resolution concurring
with the version of the . prayer book in the
German language and approved its being print
ed and ' used by German-speaking congrega
tions. Another- message was received to the
effect that the Bishops had J received the re
port of the Joint commission on the church of
Sweden. - >..-.,,
The Rev. Dr. Lindsay then read the names of
the following members of the church to act as
a committee on "capital and labor":
Rev. Dr. McKlm of Washington, Rev.'C. D.'
Williams of Ohio, Rev. Dr. Hodges of Mary
land, Rev. Samuel .Mather of Ohio, Seth
Low of New York and Jacob Reece of New
York. \u25a0 , \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
An adjournment was then taken until 2:30
d. m. " -
A number of speeches were made by depu
ties from all Darts of the house, which could
not be heard by the presiding officer.
The Rev. Dr. McKim of Washington moved
.that a vote be taken In two minutes and the
Rev. Dr. Huntington of New York asked for
the two minutes to close the debate. He sa.i'1
that he did not wish the sympathy of any
deputy, but asked every one to vote for th>?
report on Its merits.
"This whole matter," he said, "is opening
the door by a little crack Instead of . double
bolting it."
The vote was then taken on the report of the
committee and resulted as follows:
Clerical. Lay.
Ayes 38 37
Noes 15 10
Divided 5 3
The amendment to the constitution contained
in the \u25a0 report of the committee was them
. adopted. .
MESSAGES FROM THE BISHOPS.
A messasre was received from the House of
Bishops notifying the deputies that It had not
concurred with the deputies In its message No.
40, •• passed at the morning session, requiring
the withhold Ins of the names of those nom-.
lnated for missionary Bishoprics until final
and favorable action has been had uoon the
nominations. The Bishops asked for a com
mittee of conference, and announced aa their
part of such committee the Bishops of Mary
land and Delaware. The house, on motion of
Delegate Clement Chase of Nebraska, author
ized the - president to appoint three member*
on the committee, and the president announced
the appointment of Mr. Chase and the Reva.
Drs. Moore of -West Virginia, and Clampett of
San Francisco.
Several messages were received from th>
House of Bishops, the first of which notified
the deputies that it had concurred with them
in Its message No. 46 as to the publication of
marginal readings for the Bible.
The, second gave notice of Its concurrence in
the preamble and resolution aa to capital and
labor, and had appointed as its part of the
committee therein provided for the Bishops of
New York and Massachusetts and the Bishop
Coadjutor of Chicaeo.
The third message gave notice of concurrence
with the deputies in amending title 1, canon
19, section 7. sub-section 7. and section 8, sub
i section 1, on the election of a Missionary
; Bishop to a diocese.
' The last message Informed the deputies that
I the House of Bishops had nominated for elec
tion as Bishop of the missionary district of
North Dakota the Rev. Cameron Mann. D.D.,
of Western Missouri.
The Rev. Dr. Spauldlng of Alabama advised
against any hasty action on the report of the
committee.
The Rev. Mr. Tayler of Los Angeles -moved
a substitute to insert certain words in the or
iginal resort, which he thought would meet
the grist of the amendment proposed by the
previous speaker.
The substitute of the Rev. Mr. Tayler -was
lost and the amendment of the Rev. Mr. Rog
ers was laid on the table.
asrainst the adoption of the report ' on the
ground that there were not sufficient safe
guards in it, and moved to amend it so as to
provide that a Bishop should not confer holy
orders until certain stringent requirements had
been complied with. ; \u25a0
Before missionary work. among the col
ored people came up. the Bishop of
Alaska told of the progress that the
Episcopal church is meeting with in the
far north. Last night's session practi
cally -winds up the work of the Board of
Missions, and the board adjourned- sine
die.
day become able to appreciate and utilize
a. liberal education. He claimed that the
Episcopal church, rather than any other
denomination was best adapted to solve
the negro problem.
\u25a0The Bishops of Haiti and Cape Palmas
made appeals for assistance in estab
lishing industrial schools in their respect
ive provinces. The Bishop of Palmas gave
an interesting description of the work
which is being accomplished in Africa,
and made a request for more missiona
ries, lay and clerical, to go to the Dark
Continent to preach the word of God. He
also asked for mechanics and all classes
of skilled laborers to instruct the people
of Africa in -the use of tools, but he de
manded that these men should not teach
the natives any vice, such as intemper
ance.
Professor Booth of tne University ot
California delivered an interesting lecture
yesterday afternoon at the Hopkins Art
Institute on the subject of "Fire," He de
scribed combustion In all its processes,
from the . slow oxidation .. of matter.
through the course of time, to the rapid
burning. of substances In pure oxygen.
Me declared that spontaneous combustion
Is produced by- the generation of heat in
material that is a non-conductor of beat
and possessing at the same time a low
kindling point. His remarks were accom
panied by appropriate chemical experi
ments, aptly illustrating the subject. The
spectroscope will form the- subject of the
lecture for next -week-
Professor Booth on Fire.
. "' 'Provided. Such form or directory ehall con
tain or enjoin nothing contrary to the doctrine
of this church, , shall make provision for the
apostolic rite of confirmation, and shall re
quire, in the administration of the secraments
of baptism and the supper of the Lord, the un
failing use of the words, acts and elements
ordained by > Christ himself; provided further,
that tho same be approved by the House of
Bishops; and provided, also, that no such con
gregation shall be admitted into union with a
diocesan | convention until it has been organ
ized as a parish or congregation of this church
in accordance with all canonical requirement*,
and until it has been duly certified that the
book of common prayer is the use of such con
gregation.' •. ,
"WILLIAM R. HUNTINGTON,
, "Chairman."
Tha Wov. -Mr. Ttnvorm of Fond dU Lac SDOka
that the house concur with the House of
Bishops in the canon, so that by voting against
it the canon would not be accepted. The mo
tion to concur was unanimously defeated. -
At this point the Rev. Dr. Lindsay called
Judge Stinest to serve in the chair.
The Rev.- Dr. Greer of New York then se
cured recognition and said: "In order to save
something from the wreckage, I offer a reso
lution," and he presented the following:
"Resolved, The House of Bishops concurring,
that a- joint commission be appointed consist
ing of three Bishops, three presbyters and
three laymen, whose duty it shall be to confer
with the official representatives of other re
ligious bodies in the United States, with a view
to establishing uniformity of practice on the
subject of holy matrimony and divorce: pro
vided, however, that no action taken by the
above joint commission shall be binding upon
this church until or unless it shall be duly rati
fied and confirmed by a subsequent General
Convention."
This resolution .was unanimously adopted.
DE. JbLUJM T JLNGTON'S VICTORY.
The Rev. Dr. Huntington of New York said:
• "I have also some wrecks which I should
like to save, and I ask thexonsent of the house
to take from the calendar the report of. the
committee on amendments to the constitution
relative to Dr. McKlm's proposed amendment,
report No. 13."
Dr. Huntington read this report, which is as
follows: . .
."With reference to the amendment to. article
iX of the constitution, proposed by the Rev.
Dr. \u25a0 McKlm of Washington - and i referred to
this - committee (the said amendment being
identically the same as that proposed by tho
Rev. Dr. Huntington in the General Conven
tion of 1898, p. 236 of Journal), the committee
have inserted after the word "canon" In the last
line but two of the first paragraph In the said
amendment aa proposed by the Rev. Dr; McKim
the words • 'of the General Convention,' and
before the last proviso the following: 'Provided
further, that the same be approved by the
House of Bishop*.' After the next 'proviso'
they have struck out the word' "further" and
inserted in lieu thereof the word 'also,* and
have further inserted the word 'all' " before
'canonical' in the last line but two, and at
the end of the same line have omitted the
words 'in such form as shall be provided by
canon.' They recommend the adoption by tho
House of Deputies of the following resolution:
" 'Resolved, The House of Bishops concur
ring, that the following change be made In the
constitution, and that the proposed alteration
be made known to the several dioceses, in or
der that the same may be adopted in~the next-
General Convention, in accordance with article
XI of the constitution, as follows:.'
(Add to article X the following:)
." 'But any Bishop of this church, "acting by
and with the advice and consent of the stand
ing committee of his diocese or missionary dis
trict, may take under his spiritual oversight
any congregation of Christian people, not there
tofore in communion with this church, which
accepts the Apostles' . creed and the Nicene
creed. . and .whose minister, having received
Episcopal ordination, approved by this church,
shall covenant, as may be prescribed by canon
of the General Convention, to use in public
worship in the said congregation such form or
directory as the said Bishop shall set forth and
authorize:
ably presented to the board
by clergymen eminent in the missionary
field. The Bishops of Haiti and Cape
Palmas, Archdeacon Russell and the
Bishop of Georgia described the work
which the Episcopal church is prosecut
ing, in tHeir. respective districts for the
amelioration of the condition of the col
ored race.
The Bishop cf Georgia stated that he
believed that much of the work that had
been"' done for the education of the ne
groes in the Southern States had been
misdirected, in that it has educated the
negroes out of sympathy for their people
and out of sympathy for their environ
ments.. He declared that industrial train
ing is especially adapted for their uplift
ing and through it the negro would some
«t *w- ISSIONART work among
jft IB the colored people was the
/ w N subject of - discussion . last
I wT m ntent a t the session of the
'\ Y fa Board of Missions. Differ
*^^ ent phases of the work were
same time, and Chairman Lindsay had diffi
culty in maintaining order. ' '
i A deputy a became involved In an argument
with Secretary Hutchiris as to the duty of the
latter to state what was being voted on. the
genial secretary retorting that it was the duty
of the presiding officer to give the required
information. -.-: \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 ... . . .. ,
The situation was finally cleared up by Judge
Stiness of Rhode Island being j called upon U
explain the proper course to • pursue,' \u25a0 after
Chairman Lindsay had said: . .
"The talk will be endless unless . we have
a definite proposition as to how to act, there
fore I call on Judge Stiness to explain." '
'.Judge Stiness informed the house that thi?
proper course. to pursue,' in order; not to Inter
fere with the existing canons on the subject,
was to take a vote that the House of Deputies
concurred in . the . debated ," canon aa received
from the House of . Bishops. . and, in the face of
tho vote on sections, to defeat the motion to
concur. •-.". • ' \u25a0 • . \u25a0- \u25a0. : . . v
• The final vote that the House of Deputies
concur with the House of Bishops in the canon
on divorce and marriage was then taken and
resulted as follows: '
' • Clerical. Lay.
Ayes •- • — —
Noes ....'.... 58'- : .< 47 "
Divided ..........:..:...... l i
\u25a0The "motion to concur was therefore declared
VOTES AGAINST DISCIPLINING.
• ; The house then took up the report of the com-'
mittee of the whole on the canon for disciplin
ing, divorced persons who remarry, which was
defeated I in the committee.
The Rev. Dr. Mann of West . Missouri moved
ed to transmit a copy of the resolutions to the
family of deceased.
Under suspension of the rules, on motion of
Rev. Dr. Mann of West Missouri, the resolu
tions offered by him a few days ago continuing
the commission on marginal readings and au
thorizing the printing of the readings at an
expense not to exceed $500 were taken from
the calendar and adopted.
On motion of Dr. McConnell the house re
solved itself into a committee of the whole
to take a vote upon the canon relating to
marriage and divorce. Chairman Packard took
the chair and called th« members" attention to
the value of time: He suggested that all tho
members could not be heard on the subject, but
could show their attitude by their votes.
DISCUSSION ON DISCIPLINE.
Dr. McConnell of Long Island was the first
speaker to take the platform. In part he said:
"The matter before us is the proposed amend
ment to canon 13 as sent down by the House
of Bishops. That canon provides that any man
or woman who has been divorced and remar
ries, or -who, having been divorced, remarries
the person who is divorced, shall lpso facto
be excommunicated, and it provides that the
Bishop in any case may set aside this canon,
no matter what is the cause of the divorce.'
"I simply ask, do you want to pass it? Do
you want to discharge not only the individual
but every power of discipline in . this church
and turn it over absolutely to the Bishop in
his own diocese?
"If you do you will allow as many excuses
as there are dioceses in the country. One
Bishop may claim that marriage is - indissolu
ble; another will take the ground that there are
two or three more scriptural causes that al
low divorce and permit the divorced persons to
be in good church standing. You will then
find the church as the States are now doing,
regulating what the causes of divorce must be.
Why, then, is it that such a monstrous canon
as that is sent down to us from so wise and
Intelligent a house? The reason is very sim
ple. We are confronted with a task so diffi
cult that we have been now nearly twenty
years trying all sorts of devices to meet it.
HOUSE WANTS TO DO BIGHT.
"This house wants to do right. I do not
believe there is any disposition . on the part
of any member of this house to "simply carry
his point. I believe every member Is willing
to let the State grant the divorce. We are
all satisfied that it should grant the divorce,
but we want the power regulated. There aro
100,000 divorced persons in the United States.
Of these divorces 70 per cent have been grained
by women. Now gentlemen, does this conven
tion want to say that the State shall ! grant
no divorces? Is that what you want? Is there
any gentleman here willing to say that he
wishes the State to grant no divorces? I don't
believe there are ten men on this floor to
say it. -We want the State to grant them, but
what we '.want is to have the Individual power
regulated."
Robert Treat Paine of Massachusetts fol
lowed and said: '
"May a layman say a serious word from his
heart in solemn protest against this canon of
prohibition? It seems to me ap awful thing
for the church to be so eager to prevent men
and women coming to the communion of our
Lord. If there is any question about a person's
coming and he Is forbidden on the ground of
sin, I almost say that I am on the side of the
sinner. . • r
"I wish also to call the attention of this
house to the dreadful Inconsistency . between
this proposed canon and that which was consid
ered yesterday and temporarily adopted. Under
that the proposed parties who are to be married
after divorce come up to the church door on
Thursday asking to be married, and the door is
shut in their faces and the blessings of the
church is refused on Thursday morning, but on
Sunday morning they come up and are welcome
to the communion- of- our- Lord." \u25a0
Rev. Dr. .Fulton of Pennsylvania said: . '
"I think it only right to say with regard to
the committee of this house which has been in
charge of this fearful subject during the last
three years that they have been . struggling
most conscientiously to prepare something
PROGRAMME OF LAST DAY BUT ONE
O F EPISCOPAL CHURCH CONVENTION
TyT/ITH the sessions to-day and to-morrow of 'the House of Bishops and the House of Depu
y y ties, the General Convention of the Episcopal Church will be brought to a close.
This morning the two houses zvill meet in Trinity Church at io and will also resume
in the afternoon at 2:30. • Considerable business remains to be transacted and the two bodies zvill
not adjourn at the usual hour of 5 p. m., but remain until a later hour. '
The Bishops received a message from
the House of Deputies to the effect that
they had concurred in the report on mar
ginal readings.
The committee on prayer-book asked
that the version In the German language
b« accepted. This was done by the
Dr. Mann is & prominent rector of his
State. He is a man of commanding
presence and is an able speaker. Dur
ing the present session of the House of
Deputies he has been to the front on all
important questions. He took a very
prominent part in the learned considera
tion of marginal readings, which came up
before both houses.
The house confirmed the election of the
four Bishops who were elected by the
Deputies, and committees were appointed
to apprise the fortunate clerics who were
chosen by the high honor. Cablegrams
were Bent to Dr. Brown and Dr. Ingalls,
who are respectively In Brazil and Han
kow.
Bishops nominated by
the Tipper house, the Bishops proceeded
to discuss the qualifications of a candi
date worthy to fulfill the arduous duties
of missionary Bishop to the vacant dis
trict of North Dakota. Their choice fell
upon the Rev. Cameron Mann of West
Missouri, who has taken "a leading- part
in the discussions in the House of Depu
ties. The choice of the House of Bish
ops was unanimous, and the House of
Deputies was immediately informed of
the selection.
WHEN the House of Bish
ops received word from
the House of Deputies
yesterday that the latter
had only elected four out
of the five missionary
House of Bishops and an authorization
was given to have the translation printed
and used by congregations using the Ger
man language.
The report of the joint committee on
the church In Sweden was presented. The
committee stated that it had not time
to take definite action, and urgently rec
ommended the most. cordial relation with
the church of Sweden and that the work
among- the Swedish immigrants be
pushed. The report was referred to the
committee on ecclesiastical relations.
The joint committee on the validity of
the Reform Episcopal church asked to
be allowed to continue and report at the
next General Convention. The request
was granted.
The following nominations were made
for the general relief fund:
The Bishops of Pennsylvania and Connecticut.
Rev. Morgan Dix of New York. Rev. Reeves
Alsop of Lone Island, William Alexander
Smith. Elihu Chauncey and George C. Thomas
of Pennsylvania.
The House of Bishops elected Bishop
Potter to prepare the pastoral letter for
1904 and to consult with the Bishops of
Southern Virginia and Albany. The pas
toral letter to be read to-morrow night
will be prepared by the - Bishop of Ken
tucky, and the latter will be assisted by
the Bishops of New York and Alabama.
The house also received the testimonials
of the Bishops elected by the House of
Deputies, and they were referred to the
committee on consecrations. An ad
journment was taken until this morning.
The i committee on capital and labor,
which Is composed of the Bishops • of
New York and Massachusetts and the
Coadjutor of Chicago, submitted a se
ries of resolutions on the subject. These
resolutions were published exclusively in
The Call last Friday.
CONQITIOK Of CHURCH IHTERESTIHGLY TOLD III FIGURES BY DR. DUNCAN
Eminent Clergymen Tell of the
Needs of the Negroes.
Nominated to Be the flissionary
Bishop of North Dakota.
REV. CAMERON MANN
HIGHLY HONORED
MISSIONARY BOARD
ENDS ITS LABORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
REV. WILLIAM REED HUNTINGTON OF NEW YORK
ACHIEVES DECISIVE VICTORY IN CONVENTION
5CAPTAIN CARL POHLE, ONE OF THE OLDEST MARINERS OF THE
NORTH GERMAN LLOYD COMPANY. WHO HAS MADE A RECORD
TVITH 176 ROUND VOYAGES TO NEW TORK. , . . ,*\
The colonel's Bolides are well known. They could
not be nailed up into a. platform nor kept out of a
bottle. The colonel represents the Star-eyed God
dess of .Reform, straight liquor, the boys in the
trenches and the spread eagle rampant in red all over
the blue sky. He is for everything that begins with
a capital letter — Liberty, Law,- Fraternity, Peace,
Commerce, Labor, Capital, Man, Lovely Woman,
the Xorth. the South, the East and the West, the
Union and Glory Hallelujah. His letter of accept
ance would read like a speech following. a Fourth of
July banquet at about 2 o'clock in the morning. It
\u25a0would have the aroma of the preprandial cocktail, the
sparkle of champagne, the fervor of old rye and the ]
manifold. subtle elegances of the pousse cafe. It
would have a charm for all minds and a tickle for
everj- fane}-. It would be a record-breaker and an
epoch-maker in the way of public documents, and for
generations to come Democrats would hold annual
festivals for the purpose of reading it over and try
ing to live up to it for just one night.
It will be remembered that when the election con- -
test of 1876 was decided in favor of Hayes Colonel
Watterson called for 100,000 men to march on Wash
ington and seat Tilden. It was as brave a warwhoop.
as ever was heard on "the dark and bloody ground"
even -in. the 4a}'s when Daniel Boone and the red
skins yelled against one another. " It was not only a
ringing thing in itself, but it inspired others to ring,
&n<J it set Joe Blackburn to shouting his immortal
slogan, "He who dallies is a dastard, and he who
doubts is damned."
. That is what Watterson did for Tilden, .but no im
agination can depict what he wiil do for himself
should he be nominated, or what he Would do should
he be counted out. It-is certain. there would be a
great uproar^ in the country, from the frozen lakes
to the sun-kissed waves of the Gulf, and from the
stormy billows of the Atlantic to the gentle rippies*
of the far-reaching Pacific, but nobody would be
alarmed. Everybody would know that the country
is nit. The Star-eyed Goddess of Reform talks
much, but she never bites. Her tongue is fierce, but'
her hands are lily white and her eyes are full of
benediction. The people would understand the ex
uberant candidate. Some would call him '"Colonel,",
some would call him "Hank," and some would call
him "Henri," but all would call, him a good fellow
End vote against him with & sigh.
It is therefore to be hoped that Kentucky will stand
by Watterson and give the country a good blue grass
»ace for its money in the next Presidential sweep-y
ftake;. Bryan was too bitter, and'Quincy of Mas
faehusetts would be too sour. Watterson would be
Jtift right. As a candidate for the Presidency- he
would be the sweetest thing that ever raised tumul-
Cuous cheering and never got a vote.
REPORTS from Louisville are to the effect
that Colonel Henry Watterson has announced
that he is a candidate for "the Governorship of
Kentucky, and it is added that if elected it is believed
bc^will be a candidate for the Democratic nomination
for the Presidency in 1904, The report is not only
"'important, if true," but is decidedly- good if true.
What we will need in this country at the next elec
tion will be a good old-fashioned, light-hearted,
everybody-is-Jiappy, whoop^it-up ' campaign, and
Watterson will give it to us. * •
It matters not upon what platform he be nomi
r.ated, free silver or free gold, the lost cause or the
v.-inning. cause, his personality will be bigger than the
pianks hiVtect are placed on. In fact, as soon as the
campaign got fairly started Colonel. Watterson would
be sure to leap from the platform to the blue grass,
swing his hat over all the country round and make
the welkin ring with a bugle blast all his own. After
that no one would pay any attention to planks, plat
forms, policies or principles. Throughout the coun
try there would be but one question— Are you for the
colonel or agin him?
WATTBRSON TO THE FRONT.
WEDNESDAY .OCTOBER 16. 1901"
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. A
Itinn All Cooffltmintieni to W. 8. LEASE, Haaigtr. I
M.VJfAGER'8 OFFICE Telephone Press 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone- Press 201.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Ste-rensom St.
v . Telephone Press SOS. . ; /
V Delivered I»r Carriers, 15 Cents Per Wee*.
.;\u25a0 Slnarle Copies: 8 Cents.
Terms by SIa.il, InelnUlnx Postages • .
DAILY CAJLt. CJnclndlBgr Sunder), on* year ......SIM
DAILY CAU. (Jndudlnc Sunday). • months S.M
DAILY CALX* fiselodla* Sunday), * r-ontha J..M
DAILT CALI— Br Einrle Month tS6
SUNDAY CALX*, One Year. ................................ l.M
WEEKLY CALL, On* Tear X.M
\u25b2II postmasters' are noihorlied to veeetr*
subscriptions. *
- RtiBpI* copies will b» forwarded \u25a0when retjueited. j - '.
iltSl rubtcribera In erderl&c change of address should b»
Caurtleular to cite both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS ts order
to.lsaur* a prompt «ad correct compliance witli their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
' : • C- GEORGE XCROGJTESS. j t.; ;
Xutgar Foreign Adrertit inr, Xsxgaette Bntlding, Chistgt.
: OUmr Distance Telephone "Central 1613.")
JOSW YORK COHBESPOXDENTt
C. C. CABLTOJf Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH . ...3O Tribune Ball dinar
- CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cbcmux House: P. O. Kewa Co.; Great Northern Hotel:'
Prcne&t House: Auditorium Hctel.
NE'WVYORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf'AstorU . Hotel; A. Brentaao, n Union Square;
Usmr Hill Hotel. . . ;
WASHJSGTOJT (D. C.) OFFICE. . . . 14OO G St., B. W.
MORTON E. CRAMS, Correspondent. ' \u25a0
BBAJTCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until f:39 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until »:S0 o'clock. 6SS
McAUleter, open until 9:20 o'clock. C15 Larlcln, open until
»:» •'dock. 19U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until t o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. . NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 1 o'clock. 1
2200 Fillmor*, op in until 9 p. m.
SUMMER BATES In effect at Hotel del Coro
nado until December . 1. Ticket to . Coranado
and return, including 15 days' board and room,'
£60. ; Inquire at 4 New Montgomery »t. r
The British War -Office has officially denied that
there is any „ friction \u25a0 between- itself . and lord
Kitchener, or . that. Xitchener Wishes to. resign, and
so that; incident may be. regarded as closed.'.
The army board has recommended to President
Roosevelt that Colonel Roosevelt" be brevetted brig
adier for. distinguished service; in the Santiago cam
paign, and now if the President wish to "do himself
proud" the way is open. -..;-//.•\u25a0:'
Sardou fell 'in love with and married his
benefactress, whose death, ten ye'ars
later, was the one great sorrow of his life.
Sardou has made more money than any
other dramatist, and he is probably the
only man who ever gave Sarah Bernhardt
a shaklner.
The incident occurred at a rehearsal—
and - at a period when the divine Sarah
was less eminent than she Is now. j They
differed as to the way In which a passage
should be declaimed, and Sardou, losing
his temper, seized the actress, by the
shoulder and gave her a shaking. She re
torted by slapping his face, and afterward
challenged him to a duel!
VIctorien Sardou was married under the
most romantic circumstances. As a young
man he worked and starved in a garret,
and, disappointment preyed upon his
nerves till . he fell ill. A young actress*
Mile, de Brecourt, took compassion. upon
him, nursed hini back to health and intro
duced his j work S to the famous actress
De jazet, through whom he was first
acted. . .' . A'-C:S,
Sardou's Marriage.
• WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Johnson, E. G. Hamilton of Riverside; St.
James, George Hank of San Francisco. •
Californians in Washington.
Kangaroo Famine.
There is likely soon to be an exceptional
demand for kangaroos In consequence of
the success attending the use of the kan
garoo tendon in the hospitals. It has been
employed in scores of instances to tie up
• the fractured bones of a man's leg, In or
der that he may use his knees while the
bones are knitting: together.
Kangaroo tendon is as strong as silver
wire. It is taken from the tail, and being
animal in its nature, is absorbed, and the
leg does not have to be cut open, as is
necessary when silver wire is used.
The mandibles of ' the ant are used In
somewhat the same way to stitch up a
cut. The insect is made to catch hold of
each aide of the wound with Its mandibles
and bring the edges together. Its body
is then nipped off with a pair of forceps,
and the mandibles are left in the flesh,
acting in this way as a surgical stitch.
Walnut and Pecan Panoehe. Townsend. •
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace' fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap' bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
President Diaz of Mexico is a most ah
stemious man. His daily fare is almost
Spartan, and even when he attends official
banquets he departs but little from hf*
regular diet. ,
"Go Away Back and Sit Down."
It Js aald that certain people cannot aing th!«
scag, but anybody can go away back East and
Bit down in the comfortable trains ot the Niekrt
Plate Road. These trains carry Nickel pi«f.
Dining Cars in which are aerved American Club
Meals at frcm 85c to tf.00 eaeh. CaU or Writ,
for Iree book ehowlne vUwb of Buffalo Pan
American Exposition. Jay w. Adams. P c.
P. A., 37 Crocker Bld S .. San Francisco Cal!
"YES. SIR"— H. S. G.. City. If a young
lady employed in a business house re
sponded to the call of a junior member of
the house and in answer to a question or
direction to perform a certain task she
replied "yes, sir," or "no, sir," that should
not be considered as evidence of subser
viency or servility. It is an evidence of
good breeding. An employe cannot afford
to be rude to an employer, be It the senior
or any member of the firm. Whether
"yes" or "yea, sir," should be used often
times'depends upon circumstances and
conditions and these must govern.
GRAVING DOCK— W. T., City. There
Is no difference between a graving dock
and a drydock. Graves are the dregs at
the bottom of a pot used for melting tal
low. Ships before the use of pitch or tar
was Introduced had their hulls well
graved— that Is, greased with graves, or
impure tallow. To do this it was neces
sary that the hull should be dry. A grav
ing dock was therefore a dock into which
a ship could be floated and the water aft
erward drawn off, so that the graving
process could go on. The process of grav
ing has become obsolete, but the name of
graving dock has. been retained.
MARINERS' COMPASS-J. A, ' W..
Stockton, Cal. The mariners' compass haa
the needle fixed to a circular card on
which there Is a star of thirty-two rays
marking the thirty-two points of the
heavens. The north point of the card is
immediately over the north end of tho
needle and the card moves with the
needle. The cardinal points are marked
with the letters N., S., E., W.; and the
Intermediate points by an ingenious sys
tem, of notation showing the variation
from true north. For Instance the points
of the star between N. and E. are marked
NbE, NNE. NEbN. NE, NEbE, ENE,
EbN. And so the other divisions are
marked as to the cardinal points.
NOTICE TO QUIT— X. T. Z., City. If
a party rents a flat by the month in the
absence of any agreement the tenancy
terminates at the end of the month for
•which the rent is paid and the tenant
may leave without notice. On the other
hand, the owner of the premises may give
the tenant a reasonable notice that he de
sires the premises at the end of the month.
Fifteen days' notice is a reasonable no
tice. If the tenant refused to quit the
landlord would follow the common prac
tice of three days' notice to. quit and if
not obeyed would commence an action for
unlawful detainer, which would Involve a
case In court with judgment against the
tennnt, who would be taxed the costs.
RENT— Old Subscriber, City. In the ab
sence of any agreement a party who rents
a house or a flat by the month, payable
in advance, is bound for a full month's
rent even though he ipmalns in the prem
ises but a day. In a case of that kind the
tenant could lock up the place and hold
the key until the end of the month. A
tenant who rents a place for a month is
not required to give notice of a desire to
vacate at any time during the month, un
less there is an understanding requiring
such notice.
THE course of business is forward, with no sign
that its impetus is spent. When President Me-.
Kinley fell there were many who for a' moment
feared the effect upon credit and commerce. Europe
was evidently expecting that the crime would, start
a panic here. But there was no perceptible reversed
The national administration changed, with no changed
in the financial .or commercial policy of the country,
and business moves so confidently that the Secretary
of the Treasury finds it unnecessary to remain at his
post in readiness to protect the public credit, and
goes for a rest much needed, after the sorrows of his
own house and the great tragedy that touched him in
his official relations. Money continues easy and is
not lacking for legitimate investment. The market
has sustained unshaken the wild speculation in over-'
land railroad stocks and the loss of the President,
and is strong on all sides.
This situation is propitious for American enter
prise at home and abroad. The coming Pan-
American Congress in the City of Mexico is expected
to suggest to American capital the profits of busi
ness development in Central and South America.
Those countries are old in their political character,
but are yet new in industrial and productive develop
ment. They are at our doors. The Nicaragua canal
is about to open a channel of transportation that will
connect their east and west coasts by the easiest,
cheapest communication, and our capital is needed
for their development and needs the .profij: to be won
in the process. The greatest extension of energy
known to the age is the industrial application of elec
tricity. If business maintain its present stability,
meritorious enterprises -in ithis State which depend
upon electricity developed by hydraulic power will
get the capital needed for their development. North
ern California is not yet in action with electricity,
though its mineral development supplies an increas
ing demand for that ready agency. This State is to
be the scene of the greatest development by electricity
used as power known to the world. The narrowness
of our borders, the great mountain wall on the east T
ward with, its unlimited 'supply of water power,
from plants that arc in easy distance from every part
of the coast to which wires can carry power, suggest
the most favorable situation known in > the world.
With money easy and capital seeking investment. we
may expect greater attention than ever to the con
ditions here which invite capital.
In the rules laid/down to regulate the costumes
to be worn at the coronation of King Edward, it is
prescribed that a baroness shall wear a train three
feet long, a viscountess one of a yard and a quarter,
a countess one and one-half yards, a marchioness one
and three-quarter yards and a duchess a train- two
yards long. It is furthermore forbidden to- any one
to wear counterfeit gems of any kind. As a spectacu
lar performance King Edward purposes to show that
the rear thing can beat the stage, any day.
The Bulgarian bandits who carried off. Miss Stone
are reported to be out of reach of the police,. out of
feach of the army and out of reach of international
diplomacy; but it seems to be' admitted they will be
within' easy and immediate reach of the random as
soon as.it comes along. ;.
Now. that Captain Cook of the Brooklyn has tes
tifiedthat he gave the order for the famous loop and
that Schley had nothing to do with it, perhaps the
enemies of. Schley will admit that the movement was
quite proper.;
NO PREMIUM— Constant Reader, Occi
dental. Cal. No premium is offered by
dealers for nickels of 1SS3 without the
word cents on them, for a Columbian
half-dollar of 1S93, for a twenty-cent piece
of 1875, nor for a half-dime of 1872. A
premium of from 17 to 32 cents Is offered
for a silver three-cent piece of 1869.
This department does not k advertise any
business firm. If you desire the address
of a firm dealing in coins you should send
a self-addressed and stamped envelope.
ONCE* upon -a,., time the,. American people
a watched the annual statistics of immigration
. Jwith a degree of satisfaction . that was
heightened vyhenever the number showed an increase
over, that of. the previous year. That sort of indis
criminate welcome to. all who came is no longer
.prevalent. We now study the statistics- of the immi
gration bureau with some care and are not always
most pleased when the figures are highest.
The recently published summary of the immigra
tion statistics for the fiscal year just past is of a nature
that will renew, and increase the demand for a re
vision of our immigration laws in the direction of
greater' restriction. The number of immigrants who
arrived during the year was about 20 per cent more
than that of the previous year, and a notable feature
of the increase is thnt it comes mostly from Eastern
and Southern Europe. The increase or decrease in
the number of immigrants of the different nationali
ties for the last fiscal year as compared with the pre
vious year is given in the following table:
[ 1S99-1900. 1900-01. Inc.
Armenian and Syrian... 3,600 . . 5.537 1,937
Bohemian^ 2,329 3,184 '855
Croatian and Dalmatian . 9,521 12,348 2.S27'
Dutch and Flemish 2,516 3,065 594
Eng., Scotch & Welsh.. 5,917 6,433 516
Finnish ••••• 6,783 4,535 *2,248
French 1,956 3,771 . 1,815
German ..; 23,382 29,680 6,298
Greek 3,734 5,681 "1,947
Hebrew 44,520 "43,237 *1,238
Irlsn -25,200 19,953 *5,247
; North Italians 16,690 20.3S0 . 3,670
South Italians .. 82,329 ' 111.29S 28,960
Lithuanian. 9,170' 8,192 "978
\u25a0/Magyar 11,353 12.344 991
Polish •. 36,835 37^ g01
Portuguese 3,779 3,293 386
Ruthenian 2,653 5,032 2,379
Scandinavian 22,847 24.1S1 1334
\u25a0Slovak .;.. 25,392 26,931 . 1,539
. Spanish ..:. 309 513 ' „ 204
All others ..: 897 1>62 7 730
Grand total 341,712,. 388,931 47,219
•Decrease.
The Commissioner reports that there was a larger
proportion of illiteracy among the immigrants of last
year than in the former year. The amount of money
per capita increased .from $13 49 in 1900 to $14 12 in
1901. There was also an increase in the proportion,
of women who came over last year, and this the
Commissioner interprets, as a, sign that- the families
intend to make their homes here. •
.An important feature of the report is the statement
of the Commissioner concerning the lack of any ade
quate provision of law by which anarchists can be
excluded from the country. It is stated that the vari
ous' suggestions which have been made to that. end
are either inadequate or are impracticable. rThe per
plexing factqr of the problem is the. difficulty of de
fining what'eonstitutes an anarchist and of determin
ing , what. individuals are anarchists: This is one of
the questions Congress will have to deal with this
winter. Perhaps it will not be possible to devise a
law. that will; exclude the "Reds'; altogether, but
something may be, done to keep out the bolder and
more dangerous of their agitators. ' - : \-
IMMIGRATION STATISTICS.
MARINE SKETCHES-N. C., Santa
Cruz, Cal. A young man who " cai * make
good 'sketches, ' particularly marine
sketches, and who would be delighted to
see some of them in the newspaper press,"
should submit them to the newspaper
pres3 and if available they will no doubt
appear. A young man might think hi3
sketches were "just the thing" for a
newspaper, while the manager of a paper
and the head of the art department might
think otherwise.
BUSINESS STABILITY.
DECORATING AND DRAPING—Sub
scriber, City. A person who desires to bi>
correct would not say in placing emblems
of mourning on his premises "I am dec
orating my house In respect to the mem
ory of our late President," but he would
say "I am draping my house." Decorat
ing carries with it the Idea of pleasure,
while draping gives more fully the idea of
sorrow.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— The following
Californians have arrived: '\u25a0 • •
- San Francisco— F. W. Brake, at the
Normandie; A. J. Calre and wife, at
the Gilsey; Mrs. H. M. Fortescue, F.
Jaynes and wife, Mrs. I. S. Lewis, at the
Navarre; Mrs. Huburt, A. L. Scott, M.
W. Zackman, at the Herald Square;
Mrs. H. S. Jackson, Mrs. M. H. Law
rence, at the Marlborough: J. M. O'Brien,
P. F. Goodwin, Mr3. M. N. Sherman, at
the Park Avenue; A. Chesebrough, W. P.
Morgan, Mrs. W. H. Morgan, at the. Hol
land; J. Dubols, C. J. yon Schmidt, H.
Anderson. Mrs. G. Schuffenbaur, at the
St. Denis; E. A. Keithley, J. O. Harran
and wife, at the Imperial; Mrs, T. Ma
gcll Jr., L. F. Weaver, W. H. Vincent,
at the Murray Hill; R. Manvars and
wife at the Hoffman; F. W. F. Blan
chard and wife, at the Victoria; J. F.
Browning, at the , Grand Union; R. L.
Downing, at the Cadillac; Mrs. S. Lewis,
at the Savoy; A. Martin and wife, at the
Aster; J. Sontag, E. A. TVettig, at the
Plaza.
Los Angeles— G. W. Hoover, J. D. Mc-
Nab, at the Herald Square; M. H. Hell
man, at the Savoy; Rev. J. Henshall
and wife, at the Murray. Hill; £3. P.
Bosbyshell, at the Park avenue; - O. Lip
plncott, at the Broadway Central. K
Oakland— J. J. Eagan, ; at the Savoy;
P. l. Wheeler and wife, at the \Man
hattan.
Sacramento— J. N. Stephenson, at the
Union Square.
Santa Barbara— G. Morgenstern, at the
Astor. . .
Californians in New. York.
T. C. Gorie, a mining man of Quartz, is
at the Lick.
Louis Kahn, a merchant of Oakdale, is
at the Palace.- ( . '
General N. P. Chipman of Red Bluff is
at the Occidental.
- C. A. Storke, ex-Mayor of. Santa Bar
bara, is at the Grand.
Joseph , Crate, owner of Highland
Springs, is at the Grand.
L. T. Hatfield,' an" attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Occidental.
• C. A. Canfleld and D. C. Wallace, owners
of. large oil wells in the Coalinga district,
are at the Palace.
C.-A. Baldwin and family came up from
Burllngame yesterday and will spend a
few days at the Palace.' - ' •' ;.\u25a0_-.; ;
Rev. Father C. A. Ramm returned yes
terday from the East. While there he se
cured Eeveral rare German books for his
extensive library. / •
Ross C. Cline, Pacific Coast agent of the
AVabash Railroad Company, arrived yes
terday from- Los Angeles. He will remain
here several days.
J. F. Lawless, auditor of the Pacific
Coast Company, and President J. D. Far
rell arrived yesterday from Los Angeles,
en route to their home in Seattle. They
are at the Palace. •- \u25a0 •
J. A. Brent, an Eastern capitalist inter
ested in gold and silver mines in the
northern part of tHe State, returned yes
terday from' an .inspection of his proper
ties and . is at the Palace.
"Oh, I am so happy!" she said, waving
her hands.. "De Lord has come; his glory
is all about heah. I's got religion at last."
"Very good, sister," said the sexton, in
a- very , mollifying tone, "but don't make
so much noise. This Is no place to get
religion.','— Boston Herald.
Speaking of the emotional tendences of
the negro in religious affairs, Mr. "Wash
ington* tells^ of an old colored woman who
went to an* Episcopal church. She went
up to the gallery and prepared to enjoy
the services. She grew steadily more and
more excited and more noisy, carrying on
at a great rate and attracting general at
tention. The sexton went up to remon
strate.
"What's the matter, my good woman?"
he began. \u25a0. -
"And you won't. If anythin' goes It'll be
mewls and coach and the hull caboodle
altogether, and as the drop is plump three
hundred feet you won't have no use for
arnica or sticking plaster afterward."—
Boston Courier.
"But I don't want to slide off."
"Yes, three miles ahead, and I may say
fur your benefit that hangin' on won't do
any partickler good."
The driver of the stage, which was roll
ing down the Rocky Mountains as fast as
six mules on the gallop could keep ahead
of it, may have noticed that I was, writes
a correspondent, a little nervous, for after
a bit he soothingly said:
"No use to grip that railing so mighty
hard, stranger. We shan't come to the
danger p'Int for half an hour yit."
"Then it's on ahead?" I queried.
"What Is the matter, Hercules?" Jove
asked as the former paused in his arduous
work of cleaning the Augean stables.
"I was merely longing for the hoseless
age," replied Hercules. — Judge. . <
Mrs. .Crabshaw— I suppose you'd be aw
fully frightened if I should send you a
telegram whtle I'm away in the country?
Crabshaw— Indeed, I would, my dear.- I
don't know where to • raise any more
money to send. you.— Puck.
"Of course 'ha Is. Why, he can't even
go to sleep in church when the collection
plate is being passed.— Philadelphia Rec
ord. = •
"Do you really think he is suffering
fron"»» insomnia?"
Rudolf Sauerkraut— Vot for you „ wear
dot silk hat the house in mit your smok
ing jacket. Hans? Tou know nuttings!
Hans Pumpernickel— Ober I do know
somethings. Vot is petter to" smoke in
than a stovepipe?
UNIVERSITY COURSE— TV. F. R.,City.
A young: man who has not graduated
from'a high school or an accredited school,
desiring to take a course In agriculture at
the University, of California, should ad
dress a communication, to the Recorder of
the University, Berkeley, stating facts and
desire. He will then be advised what
course to pursue.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
HOMESTEAD— Subscriber, City. Tha
law In regard to filing a homestead, If by
your' question you mean public lands, is
not governed by State law, but by the
Federal law. A married woman cannot
make an entry' on public land, unless she
he deserted by her husband, for an aban
doned wife is regarded as the head of
the family.
PERSONAL MENTION.
•. ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•-. . "\u25a0 ' '\u25a0 \u25a0 _ . ....-\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0.. .•" :.''\u25a0'_'
CAPTAIN CARL. POHLE of .the North German Lloyd Company recently
completed 176 round transatlantic trips, traversing 1.609.610 miles, this be
ing a record among trans-Atlantic captains. Captain Pohle is atypical
specimen of the hardy mariners whom the North German Lloyd has con
tributed to Germany's commercial marine in Its modern era of develop
me There are now many captains In the British. Danish and German services
who' have scored the hundredth round trip as captains between Europe and Amer
ica but Captain Pohle, who has been celebrated in verse by George Francis Train,
has become* by his long and honorable career, the dean of the personnel of the
ereat German shipping company. Iwhich numbers over six thousand men. The of
ficers and sailors of its fleet are mostly recruited, when mere boys, from the
Drovinces on the coast of the German North Sea, and only after a long apprentice
ship td seamanship arid a severe course of theoretical studies and examinations
in practical navigation is the grade of captain attained. .
GLASS — Subscriber, City. The first
mention of the manufacture of glass In
what is now the United States is to be
found in John Smith's history of Virginia
in which there is an allusion to a glass
factory having ! been founded at James
town in 1615. The •work was chiefly con
fined to bottles. : .
EXPOSITION STAMPS— S., City. The
Pan-American stamps are of the denom
inations of 1, 2, 3, 4, 8 and 10 cents. They
portray the following means of travel In
modern times in the United States: By
lake; rail, Niagara bridge, automobile and
steamer^
PRESIDENT'S "WIDOW— J. D., City.
The widow of a President of the United
States is not entitled to a pension by the
law of pensions, but such widows have
been pensioned. The amount is fixed by
Congress if such an act Is passed.
MEANDER— TV. T^ City. Meander does
not mean to go around. It means wind-
Ing, as of a stream. The word comes
from Meander, a stream in Phrygla. Asia
Minor, noted for Its serpentine course. It
has three, syllables— me-an-der.
PATENTS— O. S., City. Originally
United States patents were, signed by the
President; then by the Secretary of State
and the Commissioner of Patents and
now by the Secretary of the Interior and
the Commissioner.
CHEMIST— A. B. C, City. If a young
lady wants to secure a position as a
chemist she should first take a full courso
in chemistry. Having become proficient
she could then file an application for q,
position. ':£i" •';,"'>, m
TEACHERS— A. M., Ukiah. Cal. To se
cure a position as teacher in the Philip
pines address a communication to the
Congressman of your district or to the
University of California, Berkeley. Cal.
TO THE PRESIDIO— Sub, City. . Tfca
distance from the western end of Union
street to Point Lobos. in an air line, ia
three miles and a half.
CHINESE— J. S.. City. The article en
titled "Can you speak Chinese?" relative
to the Chinese language appeared in the
Call of October 15. 1900.
HIGH SCHOOL— A. B. C. City. There
Is not an evening high school for .ladies
in San Francisco.
NEITHER of the-regular parties in this city seems to havt fully appreciated the
danger that liesin the political situation. They did not ; Jdiily consider the risk
that must always be taken irr the election of a Mayor , uncHr the new charter. That
officer becomes responsible in a high degree, and alone, for the peace and order
of the city. About the candidates for the Board of Supervisors thete can be but little hesi
tation. On each : ticket 'there are good elements and bad. On the Republican ticket there
is a maximum and on the 'Democratic a minimum of bad element?. Citizens who desire
to see the city protected against what evil bad Supervisors may do will prefer not to
support the Republican ticket. The minimum of good elements i^xm it cannot control
it, nor can the minimum of bad on the; Democratic ticket control that. The latter is, there
fore, likely to be preferred by all citizens who desire to shut out what evil may enter, the
government by way of the Board of Supervisors. ,.- . :!'
When the candidates for Mayor are discussed entirely novel considerations must
be reckoned with. In the strenuous period of the late strike, a convention was constituted
to nominate a city ticket. The men who went into that movement went apart and formed
a political party for municipal purposes. They impeached the existing city administration
not for any evil it had done, but for the good it tried to do in the enforcement of public
order and the protection of citizens in their personal and property rights. The tick'et
these men nominateil; 4s -.of^necessity pledged to withdraw from citizens that measure of
protection should such another emergency arise, and that it will arise instantly upon the
success of this class ticket no one doubts. Two such .catastrophes close together' ; are
more than this city and State can stand without serious and probably permanent injury.
To our mind there, is only one way in which such a serious risk can be averted.- If the
substantial, citizens of this city .'divide their strength between the two candidates* of the
regular parties, the class ticket headed by Mr. Schmitz will be inspired to a great effort
for success. Its supporters desire only the election of the head of the ticket. With the
Mayor secured every business and industrial interest in San Francisco will find its throat
in the grasp of the element which so lately was quite willing to inflict damage upon itself
in the hope of doing greater injury to others. True, it lost and it suffered in losing, but
that only increases its desire for recoupment through having a : Mayor of its own to give
it free hand next time it disturbs the industrial peace and prosperity of this community.
.This danger overgrows all others.^ If business men, who found and promote the
enterprises upon which the life of San Francisco depends, choose to divide their strength
between the two regular candidates for Mayor,- they are taking a risk of the most dan
gerous and painful^ nature. Granting that, neither is anideal candidate in this emergency,
still, either is better than the avowed representative of public disorder and lawlessness.
San Francisco. had one experience that should admonish her not to commit her destiny
to a class element, with only one idea of the purpose of government. The vote of the
substantial interests of this city must be pooled and plumped for one candidate for Mayor
or the consequences may be more serious than have followed the political mistakes of the
past. Of this the two regular candidates should be made aware, if they do not know it
already. The interests of a great city are higher than their personal interests or ambitions.
The city will applaud whichever will solve the problem by seeing its most serious as
pects, and sinking his personal ambition for the public good.
We say this very seriously and with a desire that the mistakes already made shall
not lead to worse. : We' say itJtoo,Heeiing that the very class that seeks to grasp adminis
tration for the purpose of further of business peace will' suffer the most, in a
personal .sense, from the policy it contemplates. The banishing of frightened capital and
enterprise will fall hardesFupon our laboring population who are being asked to help
effect it. They are less mobile than that which they me.nace. They, cannot follow it to a
new location, but must stand-in their tracks and see it go/ taking with it their chance for
profitable employment to be bestowed upon others while they suffer. These considera
tions, we are well aware, .do not influence them, nor in the least stay their hands nor abate
their intention.. In that very lack of sensibility tothe effect of what they propose is the
great danger. of the community and the greater danger to themselves.-
We have tried to point plainly the risk, and wait for the remedy to appear.
THE CITY'S DANGER.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
CAPTAIN SAILS MORE
THAN 1,600,000 MILES
THE SAy-FRANCISCO.CApL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 36, 1901. v
6
By Occidental Hcrae Exchange— This day. carload of Horses,
at 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SALES.
Grand Opera-house— "The Lilttle Minister."
Grand Opera -house— Benefit of Charity Fund of the Asso-
ciated Theatrical Managers. Thursday afternoon, October 17.
\u25a0'Aleaiai^'The Girl in the Barrack*." .
Columbia — "•florodora."
Orpfceum— Vaudeville.
California— "Rudolph and Adolph."-
Tlvoll— "Cavalleria" and VI Pagllacci."
v Chutes, Zoo and Theater^- Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer* s— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— Royal Italian Band.
;Hill'a Theater— Vaudeville.
' Sutro Bath* — Or>ea nights.
AMUSEMENTS.SEATTLE. Oot IS— Jap stmr Kaga Maru,
v.'hleh sailed from this port, this morning for
Horckone, returned to port," having been in
COLLISION
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October IS.
Stmr Sonoma, Von Oterendorp. 21 days from
Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days.
8tmr Corona, Gielow, 60 hours from New
port S, etc.
Btmr Chico, Anderson, 5 days from San
Diego. . i
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Btmr Santa Cruz. Hlnkle, 26 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Scotia. Walvle, 15 hours from Albion.
Stmr Coquille River, Janssen, 19 hours from
Fort Bra k?.
Stmr Cella, Adler, 21 hours from Mendoclno.
Ger etmr Sffloetrifi, Temme, 101 days from
Hamburg and way ports, via San Diego 2 days.
Nor itmr. Pederson, 3% days from Oyster
Harbor. - •
Bark Gatherer, Toung-gren, 12 days from Ta
coma.
Bark St Katherlne, Saunders. 18 daya from
Hllo.
Fr bark Anne de BretaKne, Breeeon, 145
days from Cardiff. .
Schr C 8 Holmes, Thompson, 7 days from
Tacoma.
Schr Confianra, Jecobson, 46 houra from
Dowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October IS.
Br stmr Coptic, Kinder, j Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu; O & Q S S Co.
Ship Falls cf Clyde, Matson, Hilo; J D
SprecStelR & Bros Co.
Ship Henry B Hyde. McLeod, New Tork;
John Rcsenf eld'a Sons. ' ' .•.
Nor chip Pleione, Abrahamson, Eureka; J J
Moore & Co.
Br ship Celtic Chief, Jonea, Queenstown:
Balfour. Guthrle & Co. . . ' \u25a0. • \u25a0
Schr Aloha, Fry. Kallua; 'vrilliams, Dimond
& Co. f
SAILED.
Tue.rday, October 15.
Strnr Columbia, Doran. Astoria. -^
Btmr Luella. Madsen. .
Stmr Glppy. Leland. Santa Cruz. .
Br stmr Coptic. Rinder, Hongkong, etc.
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson. Hilo.
Uarje Kanta Paula, McGovern, Ventura.
Sdir Newark. Cranfrie, Bowens Landing.
Schr Bender Bros, Weteel. Bower.s Landing.
Schr Julia E Whalen, Robertson, Apia.
Bciir Volunteer, Bressem, Santa Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IX)BOS, Oct 15, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 1! miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
July 30, lat <2 S. Ion 22 E— Danish bark Emily
Nord, from Hamburg, for Tahiti. ; \ \".
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bktn Omen at Melbourne, Sept 3d, from
Wil!a;« Harbor reports when off Cape
Bchanck a terrific gale was encountered, hugh
volumes of wnter breaking on board, smashing
tho cabin. RkyHsht. flooding the cabin and
carryirigr off everything of light construction In
its course. Second officer was washed over
board and drowned. .
The schooner Volunteer sailed yesterday for
Santa Rosalia with the following cargo, valued
at $41,744: 2040 bbls flour. 5 tons bran, 50 tona
sugar, 10 cs gasoline. 1120 lbs tajlow, 150 cs dyn
amite, IS cs caps and fuse. 48 pkes dry eoods
8600 lbs chocolate. 22.550 gai S oil^cs drufs 5?i
* \u2666?• V" paste * U6 pkgs vaint - 2° « beer
192 ctls barley. 6 cr Btoves. 30 tons fire clay.
131 pkgs hardware. 36 bales oakum 24.223 fe°t
lumber, 30 pkgs ship chandlery, 19 pjgs lead
;!^"£ splce - i l colls rope * 40 cs s* 28 e als wln «'
144D lbs starch, 30,000 lbs rice, 224 lbs glue 25
™ ,!£ al £ g0OdB> 200 lbs blrd 8eed * M « salmon.
20.100 lbs coffee, 3654 bales hay, 61 pkgs fur-
Cargo for Mexico.
The steamer Coptic sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a large cargo valued at $284,
6£8, manifested and destined as follows: For
China, 1151.144; Japan. J106.674; Manila, J21.155;
East Indies, $4068; Korea, $766 ; Vladivostok,
$709; Suez, $182. The following were the prin
cipal shipments: • ' \u25a0 • • • •'- ;
TO China— 982 lbs beans, 4 cr bicycles and sun
dries. 2 cs shoes, 1 cs brandy. 2112 lbs chocolate,
C40S lbs cheese, 101S cs canned goods, 753 lbs
codnsh. 1975 lbs dried fruit, 974 bales domestics,
1S7 cs drugs, 6 cs dry goods. 15,025 bbfs flour,
49S bx fruit, 1775 pkgs groceries and provisions.
27 pkss ginseng, 2929 lbs ham and bacon, 6 rolls
leather, 15,498 lbs lard, 300 cs meals 1 pkg
machinery, 2000 lbs oats, 1700 lbs oleomargarine
10,900 lbs pearl barley, 975 Bks 500 cr onions 2871
lbs sugar, 17.8S8 lbs shrimps. 1S3 cs ealmon •
To Japan— 3380 lbs butter. 42 cr bicycles and
sundries. 2453 cs canned goods. 900 baies com
pressed cotton, S cs drugs 1630 lbs 1 dried fruit,
1 cs dry goods. 2010 bbls Hour, 16 bx fruit 651
pk*rs groceries and provisions, 360 lbs hops, 2469
lbs ham, 16 pkgrs 30 rollB leather, 3152 pigs lead,
2400 lbs millstuffs. 5 pkgs machinery. SilO kegs
wire rails. 5 cs rubber rtxxIs. 300 cs soap 224 -
COO lbs soda ash, 19 cs typewriters and supplies
12 cs 162 Railons wine.
To Manila— 2G3 gals 1000 cs wine, 200 cs catsup
128 cs liquors, 23 cs stationery. 42 cs typewriters'
5 cs wire, 14 cs dry goods, 506 ctls oats 3 es
rubber ,?oo/Js, 2 pkgs paste. 50 cs mineral water
13 pk-rs wason material. 24 pkgs refrigerator!
zieo pals whisky, 2 cs hats, 3 pkgs machinery,
45 pkss •rroceries.
To Eart Indies— 258 cs salmon, 607 cs canned
goods, 342 lbs ham, 12 pkgs groceries and pro
visions.
To Korea— 63 pkps groceries and provisions, 4
pkirs machinery. I a stationery
To Vladlvostck-258 lbs bread, 3247 lba cheese
1 cs drugs. 1 pkg machinery. 1 iron safe '
To Suez— 40 cs canned goods.
Merchandise for the Orient.
SYDNEY— In port Sept 24— Br bark Aberys
v/ith CaEtle. for Eureka; Br bark Inveramgiiv
end Br Bhirw Cralgerne and Hyderabad, fo""
San Francisco: Br ship Miltlades. for Ban
Francisco; Br shln~Maxlboroujrh Hill, fnr New
cnptle; Br stmr Wlllowden*. for San Dleeo
MOODYVILLE— Arrived Oct 11— Br ship Ivy
from BhuncrhaJ. • '\u25a0 \u25a0 - .
GTJATFMALA-Sailed Oct 14— Ger stmr Rim
ses, for San Dieso and Ban Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMKRS.
NEW YORK-Arrlved Oct 15-Stmr Kensing
ton, from Antwerp. , . • ""
Balled Oct 15— Stmr Columbia, for Hamburg*
stnir< Bovlc. for Liverpool. - *
PLYMOUTH— Balled Oct 15— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hambursr, for New York
CHERBO1TRG— Arrived Oct 15-Stmr Kalser-
In Maria Theresa, from New York, via Ply
mouth, for Bremen. . .' / \u25a0\u25a0 .
MOVILLF— Arrived Oct 15— Stmf Ethiopia
from New Yorlft for Glasgow. \u25a0\u25a0-.-.-. . .
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Bel
jrsnland, from Liverpool; stmr Siberian, from
Glaprow. . .' • •
Time Ball. *
Branch H yd rogrraphic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants', Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
October 15. \u25a0 1901. .-' . . .
TJi<» Time Ball on the . tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
NEWCASTLE. Av«»-Salled Sept 19-Bark
Andcrlnha, for AcaDUlco. Aur 24— Br gnin
Rrat-adale. for San Franclsoo. Aur 17— Ft bark
Europe, for Oregon. 8eot 7— Br bark Calth
ness-shlre, for San Diego. Sept 17— Br ship
Clan Buchanan, for San Francisco. SeDt 3—
Phlp InvIrtcJb'.e, for San Francisco. Sept 20
?/ fWoIrby, for Oregon. Sept 3-Br ship
Tuf r t° n for r Klhul f u| r San Franclsc °^ktn James
Loading- Sept 24— Bktn Encore, for Honolulu;
ship Ksure. for Honolulu; ship Star of France
for San Die*ro; Br ship Imberhome. for Saii
Francisco; Br ship Kin* Alfred, for San Fran
cisco; Nor bark Prince Loulg, for San
Francisco: Br bark Btrathdon, for San Fran
cisco. • ' •• \u25a0
ADELAIDE— Arrived Sent 1»-Bark Hlma
££l 201 Br *"* PrlBce Arthur '
M&UBOURKE— Arrived Sept 6-Bktn Omega,
from Wltlapa. Sept 1»-Schr Robert Searles^
from. Port Ludlow. Sept 13-Bark Sonoma,
from Chemalnue. \u25a0«\u25a0»•»,
. In.Dort— Br bark Invcrcauld, for San Fran
cisco.
p<Sl! led ° Ct w - | ? r '!*»; k rnvernelll, for Li ver .
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Seat 29— Ger shiD
Schwarzenbek, for Portland . «—^«r snip
BRISBANE-Sailed Oct 11-Br stmr Moana
for Vancouver. «iuuntt.
FLEETWOOD-Arrlved Oct 14-Br «hlD
Stronsa. hence June 6. or " nlp
PANAMA- Arrived Sept 17— Chll stmr Pale
na. hence Au»ir 31; sails thence to ValDarninn
DUNGENESS-Paaeed Oct U-Br sMd Arctic
Stream, from Bhielde. for Port Los Angeles
FAYLE-Passed Oct 12-Br ship I^efpool,
hence June J8. for Liverpool. *^ '
m^i^^n^^rco 001 15 ~ G - «mr Tot-
NrS^r^JuT^!^ 3 ° Ct *-** Metha
\u25a0 ... . ISLAND PORTS.
he I nce N^Y I^- ArrlVe<1 ° Ct S ~ Bktn banter.
'Francisco 001 8 " SChr Mary E Foster - f ° r
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI-Sailed Oct 14-Schr w w t«i
bot. for Pujret Sound W H TttK
HONQKONG-Sailed Sept 8-Fr bark Fran
cols Coppe, for San Francisco stnt V> vT r
•bark Brizeux, for San Franclscu
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived Oct 14-Br shin Fn
rasia, hence June 10. - **-«r snip Eu-
collision .with Ger stmr Elba; both ve-Fsals
damaged forward; extent not yet ascertained.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE-Salled Oct 15-Jap stmr Kaga
Maru, for Hont-kone.
Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Newsboy, from Nome.
Sailed Oct 4— Br stmr Yang Tsze. for Suez
for orders. Oct 15— Stmr John S Klmball, for
San trancisco; stmr Bertha, for Valdez.
Arrived Oct 15— Ger stmr Elba, from Ta
coma; U S transport Dlx, from Tacoma; stmr
Despatch, hence Oct 11.
Sailed Oct 15— Ger ship, Adolf, for Queens
town.
CASPAR-Sailed Oct 15-Btmr Ruth, Tor San
Port H^ e r rSor^~ Sa " ed ° Ct 14 ~ Schr VeKa * for
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 1±-Stmr New
burs. Oct 15 — Stmr Coronado. for San Pedro
PORTLAND, Or-Salled Oct 14-Br stmr
Sutherland, for Shanghai.
fr Arrh Q^ °ct 14-Br ship County of Kinroes.
from Shanghai; Fr bark Marechal Davout.
from
r3 e %? y iJ or sea - Oct 15— Br stmr Glenturret,
dianfVr'Snst^n 0^ 1 " 81 ** SWp EaSt Xn "
Jm N G?S^od ArTlVed ° Ct 15 ~ Stmr Alcatr "'
sin^an'cTico 1^ S Stmr Ph Uadelphla, tor
ASTORIA-Sailed Oct 15-Stmr Geo W El
der, for San Francisco; Br ship Lonsdale, for
Queenstown; Aus stmr Alberta, for -—.
rrn™ R £?j A - A T rlved Oct 1&-Bark Coloma,
rr°m Salina Cruz; stmr Pomona, hence Oc-
Salled Oct 15— Stmr Iaqua, for San Francisco
PORT GAMBLE-Salled Oct »-Stmr Santa
j^aruara, lor — , *
PORT LUDLOW-Arrived Oct 13-Stmr Santa
Barbara, from Port Gamble.
ir,^ OR X BRAGG-Arrlved Oct 15-Bktn Gard
heiTce Oct M SnCe Oct " : stmr N «-«onaI City,
GRAYS HARBOR-Salled Oct 14-Schr Lllle-
San P^ro '' 8Chl " JameS H Druce ' f » r
" PORT HADrxXTK-Salled Oct 15-Bktn Re
triever, for San Podro. «\u25a0"« «e
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 15— Am ship Wi»-
SS "oft^S" 1 Am 8hlp Santa
don rr ' Ved ° Ct 13 ~ Br stmr Glenroy, from Lon-
In port ready for sea, Oct 12— Br bark Gin
mis for United Kingdom; Br ship Edenbal v
more, for United Kingdom.
In port loading, Oct 15— Ger hnrV t>i«.<ii
kwssssSsd B^ r °'-'°- "o"
S.-?n O ?4n J ct^ Sa!le<1 ° Ct 15 ~ Stmr =»P'«. W.
Grain for Europe.
J ne BRttta ship Manydown was cleared Mon
day for Qu*=en£town for ordrrs with 82,870 Ctls
•Ahoat va!u<-d at $76.Co5. and 23,000 feet lumber
«s^<lunnacr<» valued at $t"4*t.
t The Drltleh bark Brussels was also cleared
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Snipping 1 Merchants.
The OleomriK will load wheat at Portland for
Europe* the F. M. Blade, lumber at Grays
Harbor for Manila.
Haddcn Hall Is Nearly Wrecked.
The British bark Haddon Hall, now ly
ing at Sausalito, has had a most remark
able experience during the voyage that
will end at Queenstown some time next
year. She came within an ace of being
wrecked on the Columbia River bar and
Robert Griffiths, an apprentice boy. was
washed overboard and drowned. Griffiths
had previously nursed the entire ship's
crew through the yellow fever while the
bark was lying in Panama Bay. He waa
the first to be taken down and when he
recovered he nursed the men as they were
ftrlck.cn one after the other. Three sail
ors died and the priests refused them
burial at Panama, so Captain Prltchard
had to inter them at night on a mountain
side and say the prayers over them him
self.
While passing through the Chilollo
Straits on her way to Portland the Had
don.Hall was beset by pirates, but the
'•rev.- managed to beat them off. An ap-
Iirentice boy was shot in the encounter.
u was while pasing in over the Columbia
River bar, however, that the Haddon Hall
1-ad her narrowest escape. Had it not
been for the skill and seamanship of Cap
tain Pritchard and the pilot the vessel
v.*ould undoubtedly have been wrecked
and all hands drowned.
W. J. Beet. F. W. Beet. II. Brollaud, J. 1.
r. Bayutz, j. C. Boyd, Mr. and Mrs. J. Toohcy,
W. Bherer. W. Cureton, E. Elklngton, T. H.
Bryant. J. R. Bullougli. Lieutenant Diatchkon*.
I. R. K.; J. Crantehaw, H. Crankshaw, ID. K
lnglis, A. C. Armour, Miss Pfeil.
From Auckland— Mrs. Banie Lou, Mr. and
Mrs. G. Gamble, Miss Leavy, Miss F. Cole
brook, Mrs. Clark, E. E. Russell anS valet.
From Honolulu — Mr. and Mrs. James O'Con
ne)l. E. M. \\~8lsh. J. Rosenberg, K. B.
Uimcn, E. J. Cotton, O. W. Leffler, I*. Pray,
J. II. O'CormeU. Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Marshall,
F. C Russell. 1). B. Chansler, F. R. Eastman,
Mrs. Svendsen, E. F. Bernard, Miss Kelly,
Miss J. Roller, Mr. and Mrs. J. Barker. Mrs.
Xielnh&ue, H. B*-e*n:er, Kiss Keepers. H. Hen
drtcks. P. K. Guild. P. M. l^ansdale. Captair
C. B. Hudson, A. T. Russell, P. Zahmen, M
R. Counter, H. Kleinhaus, W. G. Irwln and
valet, Mrs. W. G. lrwin and maid, Miss Ir
wln. Mrs. Ivors.
6ECOXD CABIN PASSEKGKRS.
From Sydney — W. Woods, Mr. and Mrs. W.
J-#slle and two children, Mr. and Mrs. F. Les
lie and two children. Miss Leslie, I, Newman.
From Auckland— Miss Cbaraeott. F. Jooslln,
Mrs. Dickinson.
From Paso Pago — G. G. Keating. E. Kehoe.
From Honolulu — Miss A. llcXamara, MIes N.
McNamara, Miss E. Jeffries, Miss E. Brown,
Master O. Heintz, Miss R. Roberts, Miss M.
Martyn. Miss K. Lewis, Miss K. Thomas, Mas
ter \V. Thomas, Miss L. McGill. Miss M. Ross.
Miss I. Kinlay. Mln L. Karrall, Miss M. Top
ping, Miss May Tcpplng, Miss B. Thompson,
Miss L. Thompson, J. Cherry, W. Chester, M.
Chester. Miss D. Pollard, Miss J. Goulding, Mr.
and Mrs. C. A. Pollard. Mrs. Chester. E. J.
Pollard. Mies L.. Pollard, E. Nable. Mrs. Samp
son. H. J. Pollard, L. Levy. A. Levy, A. Gould
ing. Mrs. Kellog, Miee Kello-r. F. Blackellr,
Mi£» S. G. Hansen, O. B. WUkins, G. N. Kolli
fiay, G. L. Rencrhline. E. Wilier, II. E. Scho«
ficld, H. Wollerinan. W. Johnstone. E. Kellner.
H. Appel. D. L. Parthol, Rev. B. SiliJo, Miss
I. Trott, Slips M. Trott, Mies D. Trott. Miss
B. Prebble. Miss C. Prebble, F. Bllndoss. Miss
M. C. Williams, Hal Kuyper. Miss A. Ben
netto. Miss E. Bennetto, Miss K. Howard. Miss
K. Twigtit. Miss F. Sharp, Miss M. Murphy.
Over forty of the cabin passengers are
members of the Pollard Liliputian Opera
Company, which will play an engagement
in the California Theater. The Pollards
are known from one end of the South
Seas to the other. This Is their first rip
to the United States.
H. Broillaud comes here to act as
Vies Consul for France and William
Sherer Jr. If? the representative of the
Winchester Arras Company.
passengers were:
From Sydney — Hon. E. F. Ixnid, Mrs. Loud.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sonoma arrived from. Australa
sian ports yesterday. She was de
layed between Sydney, N. S. W.,
and Auckland, K. Z., by exception
ally heavy weather and was ag-ain de
tained at Pago Pago owing to dense fog:.
Toward sunset the mist came down and
Captain von Olerendoro would- not at
tempt to enter until daylight. At Hono
lulu there was another slight delay, but
ih«» run to the coast was made in five
days fifteen hours and twenty minutes,
which in a measure made up for the delay
at other points.
Tho customs authorities held up the
fh!p for over hajf an hour awaiting the
gonnl of the Deptuy Surveyor of the
Port and the passengers were very much
vvtoth In consequence. The first cabin
Monday for Queenstown for orders with 32.2S3
ctls barley valued at J29.742, and 11,000 feet
lumber as dunnage valued" at $165.
The British ship Celtic Chief was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders v/ith 56,-
S99 ctls wheat valued at $55,575. and 16,000 feet
lumber dunnage valued at $240.
BRITISH BARK HADDON HALL IN THE BREAKERS ON COLUMBIA RIVER BAR. THE 'VESSEL AND HER
CAPTAIN AND CREW HAVE HAD MORE THAN THEIR SHARE OF MISADVENTURE DURING THE PAST
YEAR. . ,. . .
TO ARRIVE. \u25a0
Steamer. From. • j »u>.
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 1«
St Paul Nome & St. Michael.... Oct. 16
Australia Tahiti (Oct. It!
Matteawan Tacoina Oct. 1G
Iaqua Eureka [Oct. 16
Han Juan fanama' & Way Ports Oct. 17
fantaKoM.... Ban Diego & Way Pt3. Oct. 17
G W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Oct. . 17
Grace Dollar.. San Pedro .....Oct. 17
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 17
Point .Arena... Point Arena Oct. 17
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 13
Mandaiay Coquille River .> Oct. 18
1 Noyo Hueneme Oct. 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City Oct. 18
Umatilln 1'uget Sound Ports Oct. la
J S. Ivlmball.; Nome-- via- -Seattle Oct.- 19
Kut-HkH..., Humboldt Oct. 19
Leelanaw..;... New York' via Panama Oct. 20
Loa...., Valparaiso & Way Pts Oct. 2J
Alliancp.. Portland & Coos Bay.. Oct. 21
City of Peking China and Japan Oct. 22
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 22
Thyra Portland Oct. 22
« "oronH Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 22
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 24
Czarina.. I Seattle & Tacoma ....Oct. 24
TO SAIX.
• Steamer. " • \u25a0 Destination. v t9nll«.| Pteri*"
October 10. I
Arcata C. Bay & Pt Orfd. 10 am Pier 13
Rival \u25a0\Villapa Harbor.,.. 5 pm 5th St.
TCuieka Humboldt .• S" am Fler li
Homer Humboldt 6 pm Pier 2
October 17.
Empire Coos Bay ,... 4 pm Pier 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am 1'ler 2
i.viona Redondo & Way.. 11 am|Pler 11
October 1M.
Grice Dollar. Grays \u25a0 Harbor ....12 mjPler 3
Xoyo Humboldt 12 m|Pler 2
ArfqulPA..'... Valparaiso & Way. Ui m Pier 10
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
October 1U.
Iaqua Humboldt 4 pm Pier —
Rainier ISeattle & N. What 5 |im|Pler 2
Pomona KumboMl l:3u p|Pt»r st
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October HO.
Santa Kosa.. San Diego *: Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 21.
Arjryll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier —
Manda'.ay.... Coquille Rl\-er 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt ..: 9 am Pier 2
October an.
Amer. Maru. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Umatilla Pujjet Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 24.
Sonoma Sydney & Way.... 10 am Pier 7
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Alliance Portland & C Bay Pier 3
FROM SEATTLE. ~~
Steamer. From. Due.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 16
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 17
AI-Kl Sknguay & Way Ports. Oct. 17
Farallon Sknguay & Way Ports. Oct. CO
<"1ty or Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 22
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay <fc Way Ports. |Oct. 23
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United 8tates Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High >and Low
Waters/ at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low. waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flvo minutes later than at Fort Point*
the height of tide 1b the same at both places. 1
AVEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16.
Sun rises ...6*19
Sun eets 5 : 32
Moon scte 8:06 p. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. | 1 Ft. — Ft. p»
II W 'L W H W L W
16... 2:30 4.3 6:50 3.0 1:01 Tl 8:00 ~0~3
17 ... 8:21 4.2 7:31 3.2 1:32 6.0 8:45 o'l
I* ... 4:18 4.2 8:38 3.2 2:19 4.9 9:36 OS
19... 5:09 4.2 9:S9 3.2 8:16 .4.7 10:31 0 6
20 .. «:01 4.5 11:01 3.2 4:2$ 4.5 11:30 0 T J
21 ... 6:45 4.8 12:10 2.7 5:49 4.5 "
i L, W H'W L W H W "
22... 0:24 0.6 ,7:aB 5.0 1:10 2.1 7:01 4.5
NOTE— In" the above exposition of the. tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of. the
day, except" when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are
dition to the soundings on the United etatej
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
elgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference la the mean of
the lower low watery. . v
The barkentine Omega had a rough time
of it off the Australian coast. She is
now bound for Willapa harbor, but when
off Cape Shanck on her way to Melbourne
was caught In a terrific gale. A sea broke
over her, which flooded the cabin and
washed everything movable.' overboard.
Second Officer Thompson was carried
away and in epite of every attempt to
gave him he drowned. , - I
Steamer Movements.
I found that there was a little prejudice down
there against the Oceanic St°amshlv> Company,
the result of jealousy or another steamship line,
but we will ultimately gee the New South Wales
and Victorian mails. I couferred with the
postal/authorities of those two big States and
feel \u25a0 confident that . the time Is not far dis
tant when our- vessels wlU be carrying all
the English mails of those States.
Of course if we handle the mall from that
country we will handle all the traffic. I
think we will get the mall service we are Beck
ing. The trip to Europe by this route la
much more pleaeant than the trip through
th£ Red Sea, where for two weekB the pas-
Bet.gers are forced' to swelter in a climate
with the thermometer at 112 degrees. Why,
on' the trip on ;the Oceanic line the thermom
eter never goes higher than 85 degrees. Then
the company has fine steamers and grand ac
commodations.
I was in the Parliament at Melbourne the
day of President McKlnley's funeral, and one
of the Minister* paid a glowing tribute to
his memory and the body adjourned out of re
spect. The Parliament at Sydney also ad
journed on that day.
Mr. Loud was greatly impressed with
the harbor of Pago Pago, and says it is
Ms opinion that this Government got con
siderably the best of the division of the
Samoan* group, i He says the harbor 13
completely landlocked and is in conse
quence easy to fortify.
The (Jongresemah will return to Wash
ington in the latter part of November
with Mrs. Loud, who accompanied him
on the voyage to Australia.
1 e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
d rn . Greenwich mean time.
v ' ' \u25a0 i j. b. MILTQ?!,
Lieutenant Commander. TJ. S. N.,' In charge.
Ccngressmun Eugene F. Ix»ud returned
yesterday morning on the steamship So
ncma .after what he pronounces to have
been a most pleasant ami instructive voy
age to the Antipodes. ' The Congressman
Is chairman of the Committee on Post
offices and Post Roads, and on his visit
to Sydney and Melbourne he represented
the Postofflce Department in an effort to
have the mail of New South Wales and
Victoria sent to London by way of this
port. In an interview Mr. Loud said:
Says American Steamships
. Will Ultimately Carry
English Mails.
Congressman E. F. Loud
Returns Prom the
Antipodes. >l
LOCAL VESSELS
MftY BE FAVORED
THE SAN FRAjyClSCO ICALL; WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
Heavy Weather Between Sydney and Auckland and a
Dense Fog at Pago Pago Cause Delays.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP SONOMA
ARRIVES FROM SOUTHERN SEAS
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
""BRADFORD;
QUICKSILVER MINE
8 AN BBNITO CO.
We offer some stock for sale In this mins at
SOc per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 1$. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace, which will Im-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feet deep
end 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 720 acres or
la*xl with bulldingrs and machinery. We want
you to see this mine. The stock in the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to $3 per
share and is all sold and issued and will pay
a dividend in a short time.
: ., . H. R. BRADFORD.
. President and Oeneral Manager.
"7 North 'Market St.. San Jose.- Cal.
Prospectus and Kxhibit at Branch Ofnee.
: 413 KEARNY STREET, San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
lUtjtflW^ INJECTION. $
F^A PERMANENT CURE I •
J i of the moat obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i '
i > and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 • [
i J days ; no other treatment required. , J ,
I [ ' Sold by all druggists. Ji
ri i)
MARKET ST. S.F.^£S~*
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
; 1/ EARNY AND .WASHINGTON STS.-ttfi.
*» modeled and .renovated.' \u25a0 KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Kuomg, cue to %1 M aay;
16 to »8 week; |a to 130 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room: elevator :run» all night. •••
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana ds Vapores
To Valparaiso, '. stopping at" Mexican, ' Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12. m. .
AREQUIPA' ....Oct. 181 PERU ..........Nov. 9
LOA ...............Oct.'26IPALENA ..Nov. 23
• .These steamers are built expressly . for Cen-
tral and South 'American ' passenger | service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freijht
and passenger office. 316 California street.
. BALFOUR. GUTHRIK & CO.. Gen. Agents.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' \ '\u25a0 Steamers leav« Broadway
\u25a0^^ Wharf, San Franciico:
Mm^k. For Alankan ports— 11 a. m..
BH^^^ Oct. 3. 8. 13. 18. 23, 2S, Nov. 2.
PrMM^ Change to company's eteasiera
R^r^*SI For Victoria, Vancouver <U.
pHSKKLwm} C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
"^ Tacoma, Everett and New
tWash.)— 11 a. m.,
' Oct. 3, S. 13. 18, 23, to, Nov. 2.
Change at Seattle for thin com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. K. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacoma for >«'. P. Ry. : at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. (Humboldt Bay)— 1:80 p. m., Oct.
4, 9. 14, 19. 24, 29, Nov. 3. \u25a0
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Pert Loa Angeles and Reodondo (Los An- j
g«le<j>— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For Lou Angeles, calling at Santa. Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford <San
Luis Gbispo).. Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
lura, Hueneme. Eaft San Pedro and San Pedro i
—Steamer Corona, Thursdays. 11 a. m. . '
For TCrsenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La. Pai. Sant* Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each moatli.
For further information obtain the company's \
folders.
• The company - reserves the rls;ht to change
steamers, sailing days j and hours of sailing,
without prevous notice.
TICKET OPFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PKRKIKS & CO.. Oen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O.f?.«JVjCO.
Only Btaamabtp Xttuo «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to a'l
points Enst. 1 hraufttj tickets to all
•joints, all r»il ei» «t«»irH»Hlr> ««d rail, at
LOWEST XIATZIS. \u25a0• • :
8TBAKKR TICKETS INCLUDE BEBTHiad MEALS.
BS COLUMBIA Sails.. Oct. 15. 2S,"Nov. 4. 14. S*
SS OEO. W.- ELDBRr...
.'. .8aHa Oct. 20. 30. Nov. 9. 19. 19
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN,Agt.,l Montgm'y, 8. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
I5W T0BX. aCOTHAKPTO*. L0KD0H. 7AX1X
Stopping at Cherbeurs. westbound.
Frore New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ....Oct. SSI Philadelphia ...Nov. 13
St. Pauf Oct. 30JSt. Paul ..: Nov. 20
Friesland ......Nov. Sjliaverford Xov. TI
RED STAR UNE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesday* at U noon.
Kensington Oct. tit South wark .....Nov. 'll
•Zeeland Oct. »««Vaderland .....Nov. W
Friesland Nov. flHaverford ......Nov. 2?
•Stepping at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Taclflc Coast, 50 Montgomery st.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL, LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Bnu-nan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
KoJbe (Hlogo), Xajagakl and Shanj-haJ and
connecting at Hongk'ins with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo raceived on board on
day of smiling.
83. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October tt, 1901
SS. HOXPKON'G MAHU
'• Saturday. November 1«. 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU
.--- .'• Wednesday. December 11. 1301.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage) apply at company's office.
421 Uariet street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
eceaiac5.s.ce.gs!=
S. S- SOSOMA. for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thursday. Oct. 21. 10 a. m.
8. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.... .....".
.-- Oct. J4_ 10 a. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu '..
Saturday, Nov. I. I p. ra.
J. ..SKEHLU k 1161. CO , torn, tefiirts. S3? kutu SI
l«l Piaanpr Kite, 143 Itortet SU f iw la. 7. Paafe tt
PANAMA R, B, s^'
TO NEW YORK VIA FANAMA OlEEJf.
Cabin, $106; Steerage. W, MeaU Free. :
S. 6. Argyll satis Man iay. Oct. 21
K. 6. Leelanaw malin Monday, Oct. 28.
S.8. Arftyll sail 9
From Howard-street Wharf at . 2 p. ru.
Freight and Pawtenger Office. 330 Market at..
V. F. CONNOR. PaciBa Coast Agent.
C0XT1CHI2 GENEHiLS SBAXSaTLASTIQCS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
EalUng everj' Thursdny instead of \u25a0«SyIjfS|
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from pier 42. \u25a0^*E«SS
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. 170 and upward. Second
cla«9 to Havre, !'\u25a0"» and upward. GKXERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 3". Broadway (Hudson bulldics). New
York. J- F. FVGAZI & CO.. Paclttc Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue. San Franctsco.
Tlcktts sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAT AND RIVER STEAMERS
'FinTTliA^
: Stumsn 62N. PRISBIS or HONTIOELL)
9:4$ a. m.. 3:13 and t:SS> p. ra., -except Sun-
day. Sunday, »:45 a. tn.. t:30 p. ro. j L«a*-ea
Vall»Jo-I a. m.. 12:30 noon, 8 p. ro.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. ra.. 4:12 p. m. Fare so
cents. Telephone Main 130s. Landing and
emee. pier 2. MlssJcn-st. dock. HA1CU
BRoa. \u25a0: . - *
f^-cancke Rye, Honey and Horehoun.1.
t«tt it. XcuU not regret JU .*••>*"
h mad- to m!ta e taff.ta silk in 1$ ffl^z!: - J&M* ,,' \u25a0?, •, •« s j ?,
fif : user an! fifii.h; $ky££ W ' W^ffBifcoBe BaZAAB** ™ WtU m2%l %t fr€e t0 %
K cia to-day, yarJ tZ^G CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST"AMERICA*S GRANDEST STORE OTIV C1l}-of-tOZZK addKSS. %
. __ .. r-— — ! _ . --— — ; j —- — $•
\u25a0^ f^^^^^W^^^S'^^^lu^^ An unusua'iy good line of Tv\i!led White •}
g -.f^ij^^^^\^^—'- - - Domet Shaker Flannel: fully p inches *
Kovclfy Ribbsris. wide; solid heavy fatric; excellent for ]{
% J^W^.j}3- i^ooyardiof thi<5e> underwear, n'ieivgown?, ?k)rts, etc.; J
* : C-^^^£- son's most s'vlish Air- regularly i2^c . yard. Special Q \
I \u25a0' inch all "^ k Fancy Cord- to-day, yard **«* V
/^^-=ss5c^ ed Taffeta R.bbjns,. with . .__.-- \u25a0 : "~~
| hemstitch; rich ccl.rings; for neck and '^S^fe. Great Bargain in %
§ / § m *0 "^b*VV)r Li > il - c8VIfn P ortc ' 1 Her*r»!orf Back I/*« LVe Hosr, "J
S» ' ' ' " ••'•*: • • • two »iff ae:it e U ns °f &- vcr y *a*«s; effects, made Jf
3\ 'cap* mm * get, ' grot man Hrt^ ""^\ °^ an escectoai! jojJ quality alk-rLiLhcd. lisle, ,"t
Y®i£©5 &®8& *Bti€*a '^V^ high.»i:td h«?, doube We, ntver b,- -J
g We off r on ip:c«Ku!i the beet To, « Se: we haxe ever oflfe c', t is \^k par; Jp « a ! tc-djv en*/, ,ar &HQ jj
j& made o n c: quuty iancy term, laed 11 fcur co era— p nk, blue, N e J»i\x^S«^ * ' • 1. • M
5 and yellow, vv.'t'i the p'ncu.hiin mat to mttcb, tega'ar -_ - \ ''^aA^^B? A* <lUanUty U UmitcH Ve ail- 5
tf 6;c; 'special to d:y.. .: ;.. ;. 3TG ' ' vise an early ca'l. " H
§ " • • . — '\u25a0 : — + — I — i •«
*; $8*5@ and B1O.OQ Two Bargains Undernmslin *
I Gapes, $6.9 So in Dress Goods. Specials. \
fg A ferfat lc - " V loo ° yari13 cf 44-'« ch A!l-Wool Tricot- -— ~ t£\\ "*
j£ ' ' 4^^^l — n;w al - wool Excilien: quality, anl a ver/ d«'rab!e labnc ifffiA"' , '"^^^
?» jf££rp*&$ ' cloth and doucle lor waists, wrjppirs and chi'drtn's c'rc;sci; / s' \u25a0///''/"' \ "5
jf &ilJS^y ficc Golf we havi all the (t-p'c and mvt s'ladts— olJ / t ""' Ci \
» y&ijftis, \u25a0 C.pei-.in a f sr, rcsc'a, biscuit, lila:, tan, mo^c, lro.»n, rjlfi: ,'\u25a0' *i*ijL •*
ft W^_ X g«"?at vati:ty cf rjyai and navy. Spe:la". to-da/ jm g% r^< ! ' i "11h*^^5*^ v 2
* J^SS. " :ylcs; ' eng£h3 Oll y» yarJ •\u25a0•• '»
K r !ijm\ Irom 24 to 32 700 yardj of 28-:nch Strhcd Alb»trO!$-AH 5
* // m JpZ\ inch;3; plain, wco!, in eight d!ff.r:nt shades; a very dainty
5a /!% u'\l\ tailor stit.hrd, Jabr'c .'or waist; and bouse gowes; this qua'ity /^^^i*^^ft.T^i^?v -3 1
* j\jf M \W Va\ and s:ra P trim- ha» brtn sod e" ewhrri a: 50c and 6oz a /^E^vg^^S^^^^^ 5
$ AJ^I JI w\ med « c ! l h c r J ' ard - s?tctal to^ onl - v » ? ard - ***** 2
S 1 • l^Jr!/ witil c ' ctb • mSmJG ;:/^ ] -vj
5 -». m-^ *^T^ fatin or taff.ta — - . ' .. ; --j5
I v#£W^ bardii thi>pic ' SS Trimmed Hats. J^.^ Dr *™ rs ™* Gown *
6 Wr^^Stf tu:e r CF re : cni &V/1BL ' SptCtCt!. 3
tS W£?$% 1 . one st/e; a &J9m**Vb Ladits* Cambric Drawen-R.gnhr cor, but 3»
«C rt r , } n i: I gr,at many are Th: * flirc front extra «d :; 3 r.vr, cf h.-m f. chlnj-, with -J
& srUn-J; coLr-fan ro Ihck ,nd Z^^^^^k tuclel c «> si> « d e ? edge of eaVr. i m; tswrj ttr e - KW- {5
I grav; ,h sc •« I ought a: a big d:s o «nt, M^^^\ H « H.t-v.r.-t , ar} ? 7 / c . Spccij oTaVcnj.. JT ;»
j. and you get the char.ee to-day to -hare %MjMllmS&k •'>*••• trimmei . .... SQc )*
§ the barga-n. . Spec!*! to-dav Q A^M^?^^ with T -*' Vtt " j - U^*'' Tennis' Gown -ExVa" wii, ,ni long''
jj cn >" $»&m&*S y^^rtjr*4/>^ largst-r ast; a v;ry trimmei wich Ind oi ro'ir, cufw tui %
ft" :-— — ; i(lffl£2f^%i& p ew'ng efecf, and yok?; the very best <f flinn:Icttc. __ £
% FrZmid PSGiUr&Sm ahatcfwhi:h>ou *Sxculva!u;todar»nv...... 7oG'l
K to S» wi J no: tTtf colt r ' " — ' 3»
it M&Cm J2. W — --Ahteand nnry, Gft*QO8S*j&$ m «
*•" A handsome l'n* of frame 1 C.m'initicn P'c- V '"V whit: «nl b.'acic, . &
ft tu.es (three it/es In on: fifos): rcigJuui, C:SOT and lro * n ' J , R "^"'7 45- s P J «»l •«
; - = -«G5ig^ lr , vn , ni b . ack to-dav,d.r 4fc 5
t^gg^^S^^W^^B^^^^I and al black Ril!«d Oafs - Be.t Ea»:ern. Spcc'al to- .ay
S M^WSftMM\M t°-»y... §3m45 Com Mt-I-Best Ei3t ra yelow; io-.K. j
i ; S^«G^^»9 u <2 uatm Spaoials, Zt Zr iV "'^™\'^'"^ I
af |uSsSE^S8tS»aS»aBeB0 • Port tt iherry— Ojr r ga'tr 75; qnirtv- Seeded Rahlns-Sprd-l to-ca-, i-foandpaj*. J
g> hn 'scape?, figures rnJ rn'mal groups; each S pec 'ul to-day, gal on. SSO ag. s, 3 for. . . . . . . .2So n
jf charrn'ngly framtd in blaclc, with heavy Malt Extract — L : ebV«; rsgu'any $*-*> » Coffee — Yelocros, Jira and Mo.ha; tr a*ni tr }t
8f " git tipptd otnam;nti; tins 9.x : 8^ inchci; dozen. Special to-day, dozen . . . $f,75 b:ny. Spcthl txliy, 1-lb. p'cf*... 2DC 5
! & rfgu!ar!y Spc.h to- «jj Bcurbrn Whhkey — Kentucky H:.e; fu 1 G ape" Nuts— From gr n to brsii. Svcial 2
|^ «Ja/ ":• JOG quart bcttx 55o to- Jay, 2 package; " 25Q$
I children'* Clothing SS'foii thefl^ 0 I
f *f t — \ We wi'l continue the sale of the Co hing purchased from Scha'ran Brothers, <S»I «
iS \u25a0 T*^ ew or k tiie well-known manufacturers o r Boys'- rnd Children's h-gh-grad; vS 5
% \&rs^ Clothing, the'r entire samp'.c lines of Fall and Winter Clothing at 55c on th: dollar. * 3«
ft j_yC*\S?\, Every suit in thh sale bears our guarantee. _ If there is any dissatisfaction r:rurn the mfWiMr\ «*
B J f sut and get : your meney back. This t i an opportunity mothers should hasten to BjJrwTy\>c\ «
af ,1 r " i avail Ih-mselvcs of. '*
I IT jlilr ) 1 Boys' $5.00 Threz-Fkce Tuii', $2.93— Ages 9 to 15 year;; a'l new fail patterns; Scotch jf/^Vt
I jj» P-lt/^FT- chtviot mixtcKs; double-bf.aj.cd vesti} r.guar #5.00 vt'iis. Special $a'e gfcdp £%€*$ §8^*M fa! &
B °y $ ' $ 3>00 Two-Fiecj Suits, $J.89 — MaJe of stiorig woolsn m»teriah; daub'c-'ruVel I4I /^li| '%
£ *Wy?V$/'^ coat stye and kre-vpai.t:* ages S to 15 year.; rejuar^3 00 vau:. Sale &<@ 05>tt /itl^^A-^S \
\ W- 'MS A price *P8m&& /J|\
** // W? s> 57-50 Lorg-Pant*. Tuts, ? 4 35 -Mads of all-wool caisroeres and chtriot*, »in b'.m and C'v2il^^^g *2
a» zlh 1" *" > *tf / fancy m"xtur:s* sizes ia to 19 yea:s of agfe; regu'ar I7.50 va'u:. Special dt*'J9 *%ff? V T/k3cli) M
g [F\m "Mric V ..... ;.. '&SSm $
K /^^U Boys' $4.03 - Russian Overcoats, $2.30 — Made of all-wool matrr'a's in brawn, green and flfc/ BwrRfT I *J
* a r^l/iK Ox ord gnyj lor bays 4^ to 7 yfars of age; regular f^.co valu-. Stle £§J*B g Lk/. (j |jW "^
$ I U7| P rice ' •• • ••••• *p£mn&n3 MfcX/i \V 3»
K B^VWv^ Be yi* $7-50 Fall Ovircoatj, $4-35— Made of stri:tly a'!-wool eorerts and .OiforJj; for ro;.s 8 to |^|f-j .V
J» %3\ T» I^^X 19 ysari of ag?; regular } 7.50 vaLe. Special sa'e price £f* JF3 Ef £ "5
i -V , gQ $^jr^9«2> fLXjM **
Si . I iTrS Boys' $4.00 Ncrfolk Fuit«, J2.23— Mide from fin: woD'en matera's; for fal &*£ <*& *% V% Xw{ *
it JH X t\£T wear; sizes 5 tJ 8 \Cirj onlj; reguar f+.co va'.uc. Si'.c pri.e i^4nia4&*3 K*/ V( k! °*
A" »/ \ffl Boys' $5.00 Two-PI:ce Suiti, $2.69— Doub'e-'r.astcd Suits, in fin: al-wool czss'm^res, ch vkts W ' 1^9 '*
I* ,^p\f- jf and tweeds; for loys 8 to 15 years of age; regu'ar $5.00 va'.ue. Sale &*fr /S?£S I M
' "\u25a0\u25a0 \ j prke......... I... mj?&iBX&m& I J U \u25a0• M
Jg I // Bcyj' $5.00 Sailor Suitf, J2-89— Made of stiictly a'l-woo' serges and chev : otJ; £^ i 9 <Bft fi) ii JJ^*^* •*
Sf • // ' r.gular I5.00 va'u:. Sali price. *pdmm&+jr &^NT X
NEW ADVERTISEMnBNTS.
I THISTLES AND DANIXRUFP.
An Interesting Parallel and a i Val-
uable Deduction Therefrom.
j Cutting down thistles no more relieves
the land of thistles than does scouring
the scalp cure dandruff. In each case per-
manent relief can only come from eradi-
cating ' permanently the cause. A germ
that plows up the scalp in searching for
the hair root, where it saps the vitality,
causes dandruff, falling:, hair and. bald-
ness. If you kill that germ, you'll have
no dandruff ," but a luxuriant suit of hair.
Newbro's Herpicide is the only hair prep-
aration in the; world that cures dandruff,
falling hair, and baldness . by killing the
germ. "Destroy the cause, you remove"
the effect.'.' • . jThe United States Grand Jury returned
a true bill of indictment yesterday
against William Hagan for having In pos
session and passing notes of the defunct
State Bank of New Brunswick. Hagan
was associated with Charles J. Perry and
E. W. Smith, confidential clerk of Major
Blakeney. superintendent of> the United
States life saving service at this port.
Smith owns a half interest in a curiosity
shop on Montgomery street and imported
a large quantity of the worthless notes
which the rest of the gang disposed of.
Perry is an ex-convict and will be used
as the principal Government witness.
William Hagan Indicted.
Mrs. "Waldo Adams, president of the
Women's American Whist League, and
Mrs. J. B. Brodt, president of the Caven
dish "Whist Club of Boston, were the
guests of honor at a big reception given
last evening at the Hotel Berkshire by
the ladies of the San Francisco Whist
Club and the Trist Duplicate Whist Club.
Mrs. Adams and Mrs. Brodt leave to-day
for the south en route to their Eastern
homes and last evening was the only op
portunity local whist lovers had to meet
the visitors. After two pleasant hours
spent in social converse a game of dupli
cate whist was played, after which re
freshments were served.
Mrs. Waldo Adams and Mrs. J. B.
Brodt Guests of Honor at
Large Reception.
XOVERS OP WHIST MEET
DISTINGUISHED VISITORS
Merchants' Association, $100: Pope & Talbot
(second donation). $100; German . Savings and
Loan Society. $100: Nathan, DoHrmann Com
pany, $50: Heller, Bach man Company. $30:
Denman Grammar School, $41 50; Franklin
Grammar School, J27 60; Cutting Packing- Com
pany, $25; Brown Bros. & Co., $20: H. Bab
cock, $20; Ben R. Swan, $10; Gruenhagen Bros.,
$10; A. H. R. Smith, $10; R. G. Brown. $10;
A. W. Moore, $5; W. J. Lowry, $5; William
Ungas. $5; J. M. Bonacina. $2 50. Total. $591 10.
Previously reported, $20,237 27. Total to date.
?20,828 37.
Fund Is Still Growing.
The following additional subscriptions
to the McKinley memorial fund were an
nounced yesterday:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1106 G STREET, N.
W.. "WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.— Sixteen
million dollars is the sum saved the Gov
ernment as the result of the economical
policy inaugurated last summer by Secre
tary Root.
Acting Secretary Sanger to-day trans
mitted to the Treasury Department the
official estimates of the department for
the support of the army for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1903. These esti
mates amount to $39,000,000, and the ap
propriations made by Congress for the
support of the army during the present
fiscal year aggregate $115,735,649.
Acting Secretary Sanger is now revising
the estimates for public works. These In
clude $20,000,000 for river and harbor im
provements. No river and harbor bill
was passed during the last session, so
that the estimates will be for work that
must.be continued. Slight savings have
also been made in the civil establishments
in connection v/ith the «rmy, and in mis
cellaneous expenses. It Is considered
that estimates for the military establish
ment, civil establishment, public works,
exclusive of rivers and harbors and mis
cellaneous, will be at least 520,000,000 be
low the appropriations.
The officials of the "War Department
say that the reduction in the estimates la
due entirely to an order issued last sum
mer by Mr. Root. The Secretary called
the attention of the officers of the army
to extravagance, always a consequence of
\u25a0war, and urged them to pull the Govern
ment's purse strings more tightly than
they had done since the war with Spain
began.
The great savings made In the estimates
have been principally in three depart
ments, the pay, subsistence and quarter
master departments. In the last-named
department the abolition of the transport
service on the Atlantic coast and the use
only of Government transports on the Pa
cific have contributed largely to the com
paratively moderate estimates submitted
by the quartemaster general.
FBESIDENT APPOINTS
OFFICERS I2T THE ASMY
•Commissions Bestowed by the Chief
Executive on Men in Military
Service.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 33.— The President
has made the following appointments of
army officers:
Lieutenants of cavalry— "William Albert Cor
nell. William L<. Lowe, Augustus C. Hart.
Second lieutenants of cavalry — Joseph Cottrell
TVrlghter Jr., Frank Elliott Sidman.
First lieutenants of infantry— William Brown
low Aiken, William S. Faulkner, John J. Mii
ler.
Second lieutenants of Infantry— Lorenzo G.
Gasser, William Penn Kltts, Frederick W. Mil
lers Jr., William B. Wallace.
First lieutenants in the artillery corps—Wil
liam Ray Harrison. William H. Tobln Harry
C. Barnes, Edward Nekton Meeklns. John Lov
eringf Roberta Jr.. Frederick W. Stopford, Al
bert Clifton Thompson .Jr., Augustus Bennett
Warfleld, Richard Howard Williams.
Assistant surgeon, with rank of first lieu
tenant—Wilfrid Turnbull.
Provisionally first lieutenants In the Philip
pine Scouts— Lindsay K. Cheatham, Robert A.
Caldwell. Charles- E. Boone, Frank Nlckerson.
Harry R. Kingr, William D. Huston, Robert M
Smith, Rowland Whitely, Frank Sklevaskl
Maurice Manage, Julian Decourt. Georea
Smith.
Provisionally second lieutenants In the Philip
pine Scouts— Samuel Caldwell. Alfred M Al
len, James B. Hutchlnson, Henry H. Moore
William D. Shepard. James R Jloxley. John
I* Finlayaon. George F. Abbott. Adolph K.
Berners. Gustavus J. Hasson. John W Ward-
Frederick Koch. ' " ltra «
Two -worthy objects to be furthered and
the most attractive programme ever pre
sented to San Francisco tbeater-gxters—
surely the Grand Opera-house should be
aswarm with people Thursday afternoon.
For on this occasion, the third annual
benefit of the Associated Theatrical Man
agers, half of the proceeds is to be de
voted to the usual object— the relief of
needy theatrical people— and half will be
contributed to the McKInley memorial
fund.
The. entertainment \u25a0will commence
promptly at 1 o'clock and will be a con
tinuous performance, the curtain never
going down until the last of the moving
pictures at the end of the programme
has flickered across the stage.
The Royal Italian Band will furnish a
feature new to these benefits, and will
give the public a treat which San Fran
cisco despaired of having. This incom
parable company of musicians \u25a0will march
through the streets from the Alhambra
Theater to the Grand Opera-house, going
by. way of Market and Third streats. at
noon in parade in honor ol the benefit
entertainment. The band's part in the
programme also will not be the least en
joyable of the numbers. Those who have
heard it will be glad to hear it agnin in
tho larger playhouse. Creatore will, of
course, wield the baton •with his usual
characteristic energy and rhythmic grace.
Florodora Young Hen as Ushers.
The charming girls of the "Florodora"
company will form a reception committee
— they and the handsome young men -who
stepped out of society somewhere for the
pleasure of singing henceforth with the
stunning sextet. The girls have prom
ised to be most gracious in the bestowal
.of smiles and fetching nods. They will
also dispense flowers at so much per, and
the "Johnnie" who fails to purchase a
boutonniere need no longer hope to find
favor in the eyes that set his heart
a-flutter.
The young men of the double sextet
will assist in ushering, and the matinee
girls, who are wroth at the city for its
comparative neglect of their idols while it
has raved about the bewitching partners
of those idols, will not lose the opportu
nity to see the handsome youths outside
of the glare of the calcium.
Dainty Grace Dudley, she of the real
and altogether delightful English accent,
will sing "When I Leave Town," but the
audience •will never let her escape until
she has given them "Tact" also.
Their Best Remarkably, Good.
Each theater Is to send its best, and
the best in each is Just now remarkably
good. • \u25a0
Russo and Collamarinl from the Tlvoli
will give the last act of "Carmen," and
the Tivoll company will present the fa
mous River Jordan scene from "Nabuc
co," Dado singing the solo. These scenes
will be given in costume and •with the
complete stage settings.
The Grand Opera-house stock company
will contribute an act from "The Uttle
Minister." .
From the Orpheum there will be Tommy
Baker, the monologtst: "Wilfred Clark**
and- company, giving "Oscar's Birthday";
the De Courcy brothers, acrobats, and
Mitchell and Bernard, the vocalists.
Every one will be delighted- to hear
Camille d'Arville, who, since she became
Mrs. Crellin, is seldom heard in public,
and then only when some worthy charity
appeals to her unselfish heart.
The little people of the Pollard Austra
lian juvenile opera company, who arrived
yesterday on the Sonoma, will give the
last act of the "Belle of New York."
From the California, Mason and Mason
and Lottie "WilHams-Salter will give
bright bits from "Ruaolph and Adolph."
The Alcazar and the Central theater
people will play the second act of "Too
Much Johnson." The Chutes will con
tribute the newest moving pictures. ••
Congressman Julius Kahn has consented
to deliver an address.
Unequaled Programme to Be
Given for Two Worthy
Objects.
Orders of Secretary Root
Stop Unnecessary Ex
penditures.
Stage Favorites All to
Be Seen at the
Benefit.
War Department's Econ
omy Brings Interest
ing Results.
THEATERS WILL
SEND THE BEST
SAVES MILLIONS
FOR UNCLE SAM
CARTER STOPS WALGOTT IN SEVENTH ROUND
Winner Is Nearly Out in the Sixth and Then Lands a
Deadly Solar Plexus Blow Which Turns
/the Tide of Victory.
H. C. Lassen filed, a 'libel In the United
States District Court yesterday against
the schooner Witch of the Bay to recover
$53 74 for material furnished. ' y ' ' '
Witch of the Bay Libeled.
United. States District Attorney Wood
worth filed an Information yesterday
against Captain Charles Hagerup, charg
ing him with having landed three passen
gers October 8 in violation of th© Federal
quarantine laws.
Captain Hagerup in Trouble.
J. M. Walling was arraigned j in Judge
Cook's court yesterday on a charge > of
grand larceny for stealing two valuable
diamonds from Mrs. Annie M. Dodge, 719
Taylor street. The trial was set for No
vember 26. Judge Walling of Nevada, the
defendant's father, was in court General
W. H. L. Barnes represented the defend
ant. J
Walling Appears in Court.
President Melbourne Greene delivered
his fifth lecture in the university exten
sion course last evening at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium
upon "Renaissance Art in Italy." The
lecture was, as usual, well attended and
was deeply interesting, the latter part
.being, however, unfortunately marred by
the Imperfect , working - of l the stereopti
con. On account of the length of this
particular lecture Professor Greene was
only able to deliver the first half of it,
and announced that the remaining por
tion will be delivered next Tuesday in
place of the one scheduled for that night.
Lecture on Italian Art.
Detective McMahon was detailed on the
case, and he reported yesterday afternoon
that there was nothing to be found
against the four, men. At his suggestion
they were released from custody. ; Mc-
Mahon thinks the woman must have lost
her purse on the street. ,_\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 . .,.
Mrs, Lizzie Dwyer of 36 Stockton street
Informed Policemen Fennel and Davids
early yesterday morning that she had lost
her purse containing $145 in gold and dia
monds valued at $840. She explained to
them that she left home about 8 o'clock
Monday evening and returned a few hours
later, when; she engaged In a quarrel
with Charles^ E. Lee, former proprietor
of the house. She claimed Lee threw her
to the floor, and a short time afterward
she missed her purse.
Richard Randal and Georg© Eck, 844
Mission street, and R. E. Van Busktrk,
916 Mission street, were in the house : at
the time of the quarrel with Lee, and the
officers placed them and Lee .under ar
rest When they were searched nothing
was found on them. The men claimed
they had left the house several times be
tween the time of the quarrel and their
arrest and knew nothing of the purse or
its contents.
Pour Men Arrested on Suspicion Are
j. Released After an Inves
tigation.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday denied the motion for arrest of
Judgment in the case' of John M. Neall,
convicted of forging the name of Quar
termaster Long to a voucher.for money
deposited with Neall by Trooper John
Cranson of the Fourth Cavalry. Judge
de Haven said that had the objection to
the indictment been rai?ed by Neall's at
torney on demurrer to the indictment, he
might have sustained the demuner; but
it was too late after the trial to object
to the indictment. The point made thus
tardily by Crittenden Thornton, attorney
for Neall. was that the indictment was
void because it failed to allege that Colo
nel Long was authorized to sign vouch
ers such as was the one alleged to be
forged by Neall.
Sentence upon Neall will be passed
probably this morning.
Attorney Thornton will appeal from
Judge de Haven's decision.
Motion Mad© by TTte Counsel for Ar
rest of Judgment Decided to ,
Be Too Late. /
For e'.de rides to points on the Santa F*.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders or nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full Information call at Santa Fe offices,
«U Market et. and terry depot.* ;>
Special Rates
CHICAGO, Oct 15.— In a contest be
tween teams in the Chicago Bowling
L«ague here last night the world's re
cord of U37 1-3 was broken. The "Toset
tis" bowled 1006, 334 and 1051, an average
of 1017.
New World's Bowling Record.
LONDON. Oct. 15.— Osbech (Maher) won
the Champion Stakes of £50 each with
£1000 added, for three-year-olds and up
ward, distance one mile and three-quar
ters, at the Newmarket second October
meeting to-day, George Faber's Pieter
maritzburg- was second and Soricles
finished third. Maher was the rider of
Ard Patrick, which won the Clearwell
Stakes, distance five furlongs and 140
yards.
Volpone (Jenkins) won the Boyal
Stakes, distance one mile and a quarter.
Results of Newmarket. Races.
The result of the game is not encour
aging to the cardinal followers. To have
the freshman team show up no better
against a team beaten 19 to 0 by the Low
ell High School eleven last week does not
augur wel for Stanford's success In the
intercollegiate freshman game next Sat
urday. A great part of the preparatory
school's strength, however, was due to
the presence of Kerfoot. its coach at
quarterback's position. Kerfoot who
plays oil the Olympic team, did most of
the hard work for the school team
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 15.—
The freshman football team defeated the
eleven from St Matthew's School to-day
by a score of 11 to 0 in one of the most
ragged exhibitions of football ever seen
on the Stanford gridiron. The freshmen
Bt < a l t . ed . off , well> EC0rin 5 a touchdown
within six minutes after the first kick-off.
The*r second score and accompanying g-oal
yere made Just before the end of the first
half. There was some good individual
vork, principally by David Stlllman and
Eartell.
Showing Made by the Cardinal Team
Not Considered Very
Reassuring.
ETANFOBvD FBESHMEN
DEFEAT ST. MATTHEW'S
YOTJNG LEADEE OF GANG
• OF* HOODLTJMS ARBESTED
William Greenway Is Booked on the
Charges of Bobbery and
Petty Larceny. f
William Greenway was booked at the
City Prison yesterday morning on charges
of robbery and petty larceny. Ho was ar
rested by Policeman Ross on warrants
sworn out some weeks ago.
Greenway, who is 19 years of age, is the
leader of a gang of hoodlums who infest
Second and Third streets. September 7
they attacked three Chinese on Third
street and knocked one of the Chinese
senseless. They then stole the basket of
flowers he was carrying. The empty bas
ket was found near the residence of
Greenway' s parents on Clementina street.
On the night of September 15 six of the
gang entered a saloon at Second and Te
hama streets and ordered beer. After
drinking the beer they refused to pay for
it They then took two of the glasses and
threw them through the plate glass win
dow of the saloon. Jean Paternost, a
friend of the barkeeper, who happened to
be in the saloon, went outside to expos
tulate with the gang and they attacked
him, knocking him down and robbing him.
He has not yet fully recovered from the
beating he received.
Wheelmen Hold Indoor Race.
A delightful entertainment was given by
the San Francisco Wheelmen last night
at Native Sons' Hall. The feature of the
evening was a home trainer bicycle race,
in which the" Bay City Wheelmen were
represented by Charles Long and J. Hob
son, California Cycling Club by L. E
Clifton and A. Mitchell and the San Fran
cisco Wheelmen by Al Knox and N. B.
Borree. Aside from the race an interest
ing programme was rendered. The affair
was concluded with a dance.
Thinks Bullfights Are Planned.
TheSociedad Frontones Americanos has
a large amphitheater well j toward com
pletion in Central Park, where the pro
moters expect to introduce a popular
Spanish game known as, "Basco." Secre
tary Holbrook of the Society for the pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals states that
R?. i as J nfo «nation which leads him to
think that the amphitheater is designed
l2 r i th . e ,, 1 L ol 2 ing of bullfights. He states
that bullfighting will not be allowed by
the society which he represents.
Involuntary Insolvent.
Creditors of L. H. Campbell, a merchant
of Eureka, petitioned the United States
District Court yesterday to declare him
an involuntary- insolvent They allege
that he owes them as follows: Haas
Bros., $231 42; H. Levi & Co., $186 45; Harry
Urina & Co., $105 10; Sussman, Wormser &
Co., $199 20.
bet down on him and apparently saw no
chance for him -to lose. If Walcott and
O'Rourke have . really dissolved partner
ship, which few people here believe, the
New York manager \u25a0 will | have much to
gloat over. His control over the colored
boxer was so complete that the latter
would not dare to quit if he was behind
him.
Colored Man Not Cheerful.
Walcott was far from being as chipper
when he entered the ring as he was the
night he fought Gardner. He did not look
at all cheerful. He usually sees all his
friends at the ringside, but last night had
salutations for those in his immediate
surroundings only. He was hardly as
sprightly on his feet as on his last ap
pearance.
Carter had' the advantage of "Spider"
Kelly's coaching, which helped him ma
terially. With him were "Australian
Billy" Smith and Martin Murphy. They
sent him for Walcott's body at once and
each time the men came together Carter
ripped In either a right or a left that
carried a sting with it.
Walcott had Carter in dire distress at
the end of the third round. Carter kept
the point of his chin covered and barely
lasted out the round.
He came back in the fourth, but had
lost much of his steam. He devoted all
his attention to Walcott's body, while the
colored man kept swinging his right and
left to the head. Carter commenced bleed
ing from nose and mouth In the fifth. A
heavy blow to the body hurt Carter, but
he came back fast and there was a sharp
exchange just before the bell.
Before the fight many boxing celebrities
were introduced.. The popular "Kid" La
vlgne received the most cordial reception
from the spectators.
George Harding, the official timekeeper
for the club, said after the fight that Car
ter knocked his trainer, "Australian
Billy" Smith, out with the identical punch
he used on Walcott while boxing with him
recently at his training quarters. Smith
was confined to his bed for twenty-four
hours from the effects of the blow.
McFadden an Easy "Winner.
Kid McFadden and Joe Sullivan were
the first pair of boxers in the ring. The
Kid proved too strong for his lanky oppo
nent. . In the first round" Sullivan was
knocked down by a vicious left swing to
the jaw. He * took nine seconds on the
mat. In the second round Sullivan went
down three times. In the third he rushed
across the ring at the gong and pushed
the Kid back with a sharp jab to the
head. This aroused McFadden's fighting
blood and he hammered Sullivan all over
the ring, knocking him down three times.
The last time a right to the stomach sent
Sullivan writhing to the floor and his sec
onds threw up the sponge.
Cyclone Kelly and , Young Gibbs of
Cleveland furnished the second of the pre
liminary fights. Gibbs, who proved a fast
boxer and clever at in-fighting, went at
his man at once and punched him at will
He knocked him out in the seventh. To
ward the middle of the first round Kelly
woke up and took a lot of the steam out
of Gibbs with punches to the body. They
fought all over the ring In the second
round. Each showed, a cut mouth as one
result of the fierce exchanges. Each had
a lead at different times, and it seemed a
blow would end proceedings at any time.
Kelly took a lot of punching, but went
out to a left-hand hook to the jaw. It did
not seem a hard blow, but it required sev
eral minutes to bring him to.
VERDICT OB* CONVICTION
/IN NEATYTi CASE STANDS
The spectators crowded into the ring
and Captain of Police Wittman found it
necessary to draw his club before he
could clear the -people out of Walcotfs
corner. The latter was finally bundled
out of the ring by the police, a way being
forced for him through the crowd.
The talk of Walcott and his friends be
ing Implicated in a Job is not borne out
by. facts. All Walcott's followers had a
Walcott finally made a stand near the
ropes on the Larkin-street side of the
ring. It was here Carter delivered the
blow which won him the plaudits of the
spectators and the winner's share of the
purse. If Walcott was shamming to
avoid further punishment, he Is a con
summate actor, as those will attest who
watched the play of his features while
George Harding was relentlessly calling
off the fateful ten seconds.
The Pavilion was in a turmoil by
this time. The spectators were shrieking
at Walcott to get up and fight. When
the last moment of respite had passed the
men's seconds rushed into the ring. Wal
cott was at once examined by Dr. Eiden
muller, who reported he could detect no
sign of a foul blow.
| In the meantime Carter was beside him
'self with joy. He was bleeding from nose
and mouth, but ran around the ring shak
ing hands with his friends.
Contrary to all expectations when tfie
gong sounded it was a lamb that came
out of Walcott's corner, and not the lion
hearted fighter. When he had so decided
a lead it seemed there was no course
open for him but to pitch In and fight
Carter to a standstill. Carter was the
aggressor and chased. Walcott all around
i he ring. . T-h© colored man slid along
the ropes/ and it seemed . Carter was
about to make good his boa3t that he
would make Walcott climb through them.
Blow That Finished Walcott.
quickly with another that they had the
effect of keeping the recipient on his
feet. It seemed if he had stopped for an
instant Carter would have fallen to the
floor. » Carter was bleed-ing from nose and
mouth, while his head rolled from side
to side as If it were held on by only
slender cords. When it seemed he must
go down Carter's gameness and vitality
kept him up. He rallied, and at the end
of the round he was fighting Walcott
back.
Carter was carried to his corner and
restoratives were applied. His seconds
worked over him in desperation to bring
him through in time to respond to the
call of time. .
Walcott has thus again furnished food
for endless discussion. There is material
aplenty on which arguments can be
based. To go back to the sixth round:
In this Carter was as nearly knocked out
as falls to the lot of any , boxer. When
the round opened he went after Walcott
at once, Jabbing him with his left and
sending his right to Walcott's head.
Walcott came back at him with some
short-arm blows to the head and then
whipped his right over, shaking up the
Kid considerably. He then caught Car
ter coming toward him and staggered
him.
The colored man was quick to see his
advantage and showered blows on Car
ter's head. He followed one blow "so
MBS. DWYEE LOSES TTKR
iFTTRSE AND DIAMONDS
Carter Appears Helpless.
Others noted the end of the fight from
an entirely different point of view. They
did not hesitate to say Walcott quit when
he found his blows, which would fell an
ox, were not of sufficient power to stop
Carter. Among the men who hold this
view is Young Mitchell, Walcott's man
ager, and one of his seconds in the fight.
His first words when, asked his opinion,
before Walcott left the ring for his dress
ing room, were: "I saw no foul blow.- I
think Walcott quit."
Referee. Phil Wand said: "It was a fair
blow In the pit of the stomach."
Dr. William C. Eldenmuller, the surgeon
of the National Club, examined Walcott
for signs of a foul blow in, the groin, but
could find no injuries indicating that any
such blow had been received.
ty-five seconds of fighting. ; The
blow which brought the contest to an
abrupt and unexpected close was of ex
actly the same character as that with
which Fltzsimmons defeated Corbett in
their memorable battle at Carson. It was
a right hand blow, with a slight upward
tendency, to the pit of the stomach. ; Wal
cott sank to his knees, a look of. agony
on his face, while he clutched despairing
ly at his groin. His mind was active, but
all the nerves controlling the movements
of his body seemed suddenly disorganized,
leaving him helpless. All the powerful
machinery which had driven him through
six desperate rounds of fighting seemed
to have given out.
This is what the majority of spectators
saw.
KID CARTER stopped/Joe Walcott
in the seventh round of their
fight in Mechanics' Pavilion last
night after one.^minute Land .for-
Owner of the Yacnt Shamrock Is En
tertained in Chicago.
CHICAGO. Oct. 15.— At the Chicago Ath
letic Club to-nig-ht a banquet was given
in honor of Sir Thomas Upton and he
was also the recipient of a massive silver
loving cup presented by his friends in
Chicagro. For an hour prior to %»ie com
mencement of the banauet Sir Thomas
held a reception in the parlors of the
clubhouse, exchanging greetings with
hundreds of men prominent in financial
and professional circles, who called to
pay their respects to the owner of the
Shamrock. The rooms were hung with
flags of the international signal code and
many American and British emblems in
tertwined. Over the bead of the guest
of the evening as he stood exchanging
good wishes with the lone line of men
who called to meet him was hung an
enormous yellow nag, in the center of
which was a huge green shamrock.
The reception was over at 7 o'clock and
the banquet commenced a few minutes
after that hour. The decorations of the
banquet hall were of a strictly nautical
design, entwined with smilax, laurel and
evergreens. A model of the Shamrock II,
complete, with all sails set, was placed
in front of Sir Thomas. The presentation
of the loving cup was made the occasion
of a great demonstration, the guests ris
ing and cheering Sir Thomas again and
again.
Sir Thomas replied in a brief speech of
thanks for the honors that had been
ehown him In Chicago and alluded feel
ingly to the many kind messages he had
received from all parts of the country
since he arrived from the yacht races.
He said he was seriously considering mak-
Lig a third effort to win the America's
cup and his announcement was greeted
with cheers. He will remain in the city
for the remainder of the week and many
other entertainments will be given in his
honor, chief among which will be ban
quets by the Columbia Yacht Club and
the Bankers' Club.
BAH-QTXET TO SIB. THOMAS.
VICTOR IN LAST NIGHT'S FIGHT AT MECHANICS' PAVILION AND SOME WELL-KNOWN PATRONS OF BOX
ING WHO WERE AT THE RINGSIDE AND GAVE EXPRESSION TO THEIR FEELINGS WHILE THE EX
CITEMENT WAS AT ITS HEIGHT.
No one knows exactly how much the
receipts have been from Cresceus' exhibi
tions, but when here Ketcham said he
would clear over $25,000 with the horse.
Many now recall the story that Ketcham
ordered Murnen, his farm superintendent,
to kill the chestnut colt because of an ac
cident in which he tore a gash, in his
throat, exposing- the windpipe. He was
sold here later for $14,000 and repurchased
by Ketcham. who- each season since has
earned with him over $10,000 net.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Owner Ketcham
wired to-day that he is on his way to the
Pacific Coast with Cresceus and has de
clined offers made to show the champion
at theaters. A high offer was made, but
he evidently prefers driving on a track to
speeding the king; of trotters on a "roller
course" before audiences.
King 1 of Trotters Being Brought From
East by Ketcham.
CEESCEUS COMING WEST.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Digby Bell won,
Pompeii second, Jane Oaker third. Time,
1:C5 4-5.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, the
Chicago Ridge handicap — Odnor won, Argregor
Becond, Barrack third. Time, 1:55 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile— W. B. Gates won,
Domadge second. Prince Blazes third. Time.
1:48 3-5.
First race, five furlongs — Alzura won. Small
Jack second, Braw Lad third. Time, 1:05 1-5.
Second race, one mile and a half — Frangible
won. Little Elkin second. Fox Bard third.
Time. 2:49. ,
Third race, Fix furlongs— Aladdin won, Au
tumn Leaves second, Harry New third. Time.
1:20 2-5.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— Worth summary:
Fourth race, five and a hilf furlongs, selling;
—Harry l">uke won, Alea second, Miss Golighl
ly third. Time. 1:14*4.
Fifth race, one mile and three-sixteenths,
celling — Swordsman won, George Lee second,
•Wallabout third. Time, 2:13.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Our Lady
won. Millitant second, Prima II third. Time,
1:19.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Sister Sarah won, Sommers second, Le Flare
third. Tima, 1:16*4-
Third race, one mile, selling— Sue Johnson
won, llarcy tecond, | Bengal third. Time,
1:49%.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 15.— Fair Grounds summary:
First race, seven furlongs, selling— Brightle
B won. Waban second. Colonel Gay third.
Time. 1:3G.
First race, six and a half furlongs— Wayward
Boy won Tour second, Ellgy third. Time, 1:23.
Second race, one mile— Raffaello won, Th?
Amazon second. Hammock third. Time, 1:43&.
Third race, the Rancho del Paso< stakes,
about six furlongs — Whisky King won, Bruns
wick second. Champagne third. Time, 1:10%.
Fourth race, the Falrview Selling stakes, one
mile and a sixteenth— Rowdy won, Himself sec
ond. Time, 1:30%. Two starters.
Fifth race, selling, one mile— Redpath won,
Trebor second. Oread third. Time, 1:43.
Sixth race, cne mile — Roxane won, Potente
second, Latson third. Time, 1:42.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.— Morris Park results
Results in the Events on some of the
Big Tracks.
RACES IN THE EAST.
The McDowell stake. 2:10. trotting. J2000—
Dollie Dillon won three straight heats. Best
time, 2:10^. Onward Silver, Toggles, Lita W
and Mies Sligo also started.
Walnut Hall farm cup, 2:15 class, trotting,
$2000— Captor won three straight heats. Best
time, 2:05%. Xeva Simmons, Lady Thisbe. Su
sie J, Osana, Waubun, Iva Dee, Allle Wood
and Grade Onward also started.
The winner of last Tuesday's 516,000 Fu
turity passed under the wire first in each
heat, with a length to spare. Royal Coat
led him to the stretch in the first heat and
finished second, with Hawthorne third.
In the next heat two bad breaks caused
Royal Coat to get the flag. Peter Stirling
was never headed in the second, though
Hawthorne clung to his sulky wheel. The
Baronmore colt was favorite, $50 to the
field's $20 in the first and $50 to the field's
$9 in the second heat.
Onward Silver, winner of the Transyl
vania, and Dolly Dillon had their second
bitter struggle of the meeting in the $2000
McDowell stakes. Hopes centered on the
mare were realized.
Charles Marvin, the veteran of the trot
ting turf, captured the Walnut Hall cup,
$3000, with Captor. Summary:
Louisville prize, trotting, $10,000, for foals of
1S98— Peter Strillng won two etraight heats.
Best time, 2:12. Hawthorne, Carrie Belle. (Sa.
votta. Royal Coat and Boralma's Brother also
started.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 15.-Peter Stir
ling won the $10,000 Louisville prize to-day
without a touch of the whip and holding
the bit like a piece of superb machinery.
STOCKTON. Oct. 15.-The Stockton
Driving Club was not disappointed to
day \\hen the annual fair opened, as the
attendance was the largest ever seen at
the local track for the initial day. The
fair sex turned out in large numbers, and
the grandstand, as well as the betting
ring, was well filled. The books had all
they could do to handle the money that
poured in on every event. The card was
an exceptionally fine one, and the sprints
were especially interesting.
Lady Howena took the trot and Durfee
Mac the pace.
Fred Atterbury won the 2-year-old dash
in a drive from Dwight Way. Pilot made
a runaway race of the sx furlong dash,
with McFarlane in second place.
The mile race is conceded to have been
one of the best seen in years over a Cali
fornia track. Seven horses were sent
away in a lino by Starter "Dick" Havey.
The bunch could have been covered with
the proverbial blanket all the way around
the circuit.
Frank Duffy, Wing, Roulette Wheel and
Favorito finished noses apart. So close
was the finish that only those at the wire
could separata them. The other three ;
horses were lapped on the four in the
first division.
The card for to-morrow includes two
harness events and three sprints, with
from seven to ten horses in each ract
Summaries:
Trottfnr. 2:30 class.
D. Lleglnger's Lady Rowena, b. m..
Pilot Prince-Nora (D. Lieginger).... 13 11
Allen (P. W. Hodges) 3 12 2
Young Salisbury (J. L. O'Neill) 2 2 3 4
Princess Airlie (J. M. Nelson) 4 6 4 3
6ir Archer (C. Wheeler) 5 4 5 5
Time— 2:3GV=, 2:31%, 2:29, 2:2S%.
Pacing, 2:16 class.
A. Joseph's Dyrfee . Mac, br. g., Mc-
Kinney by Nephew (A. Joseph) Ill
Gaff Topsail (Smith) 2 3 2
Mack (Lleginger) 4 2 3
Alsandy (J. O'Kane) 3 4 4
Mattie B (J. C. Cuiello) dis.
Time— 2:13»i. 2:17%, 2:22.
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-olds.
P. E. Smith's Kred Atterbury, ch. g. (Fogrg). 1
Dwight Way (Tullet) 2
6t. Chester (Hobart) 3
Time, :57i£.
Resin, Speculation and Well also ran.
Eix furlongrs. gelling.
B. F. Hobart 1 s Pilot, b. e. (Burlingame) 1
McFarlane (Tullet) 2
Mike Rice (Slocum) 3
Time, 1:15.
Lou Cliereden, Miss Dividend. Little Sister
and Beaumonde also ran; Bill Bohmanson left.
Mile, all ages. •
P. Sheridan's Frank Duffy, ch. g. (Tullett).. 1
•Wing (Gilbert) 2
Roulette Wheel (Fogg) 3
Time, 1:43..
Favorito, Limber Jim, Harry Thatcher and
Lodestar also ran.
Dolly Dillon Beats Onward
Silver for McDowell
Stake.
Field of Seven Is Olosely
Bunched Passing Under
the Wire.
Louisville Prize Is Cap
tured by a Superb
Racer.
Racegoers at Stockton
See a Remarkable
Finish.
PETER STIRLING
A BIG WINNER
FOUR HORSES
NOSES APART
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjIj, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
8
ADVEBTisuaarra.
sent frei¥menT
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vi°- O r
\u25a0 ' "" to Mbfi
A Free Trial Packag-e Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all wh«
will write the State Medical InsUtufe
They cured so many men who had battlVri
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the In<fti
tute has decided to distribute frle trial
packages to all who write. It Is a hornet
treatment, and all men who suffer frSn?
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico.
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. ture
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to actdirect
to the desired location, giving streneth
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State TMpd^
Institute 323 IZlektron bui ding Fort
Wayne, ind.. stating that you del ire on^
of their free trial packages, win h» JS
plied with promptly. The Institute ls^I
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to ba
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured o!
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writ ™ will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed a
have no Pa fe!r g of S ° *£*' Us r^iplent neid
\£7t% TtiJ£ JL* em barrassment or pub-
SttSut d e e!ay" are re( * ueste <* to wrlta
S B E& 9 fi^ Rifles. Ammunition. Flsh-
H IS S BEaS^L." ln K Tackle, Sporting 1 . Out-
I « I i Irfl i ns Gooda - Largest Stocit.
113 H B H H lowest Prices. Send tot
\fey \& I D BU9 Catalog* and Job Sheet.
SHREVE ft BAK3EK CO.
739 Market. 511 Kearny
puce Dnvm ssi^ ss
l.Urr nllltll our Special Brew,
urn l iiu i ni_ steam » nd Lag".
w \u25a0 1 1 i_ IIWIIIL.^ Overcoats and
valises checked free.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.*
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob StrahU
& Co. (est'd. 18S2). 17 and 13 Fremont rt.; upon
Installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ Pia IRO.t.
J f WII SAN * f ft 9°° Battery Street.
J- le nlLOUil tt irfU-t Telephone Main ISit.
FRESH AITO SALT MEATS.
IAS RftYFS£f'l Shipping Butchers. 104
JAi- DUIEjtXLJ- clay. Tel. Main 1234.
OILS.
LUBRICATDfO OIL3. LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phons Main 1713.
, PRINTINQ.
P C RITfiHFS ; PRINTER,
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE H1CKS-JUDD CO..
U First street. Baa Frenetic*
EL4|ljbJ2ji Shotgun 1 is now mad^if" Tike Etown. C » "tyle fn^laSd
a£*^JS^S=^^^B^*Tj i ' °" Jo4-pagc catalogue
BteSlllSlj WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., fij^Jfe*"***-'.SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15.— The Grand Ho
tel here has been purchased by M. Mc-
Donough from Philip Morshead. Mc-
Donough was formerly a conductor on the
Northwestern between San Francisco and
Ukiah.
Santa Rosa Hotel Transfer.
Mangled Under Train .Wheels
CROCKETT, Oct. 15.— O. R. . Mclntosh.
a San Francisco laborer, was ruri over by
the switch engine ,.;at Eppinger's grain
warehouse this morning. Both legs were
mangled and amputation will be neces
sary. Mclntosh was taken to the county
hospital at Martinez.
SAN JOSE, Oct: 15.— A warrant was Is
sued here to-day for the arrest of George
Perry, alias J. F. Brown, of San Fran
xlsco, who is charged with issuing coun
terfeit United States treasury notes. He
operated in the vicinity of Mayfleld among
Chinese, buying, small quantities of fruit
and vegetables, and receiving his chancre
in good money.
Passes Counterfeit Notes.
Rhode Island's Democratic ' Ticket.
• PROVIDENCE, B. I.,-.Oct.'.15.—Candi
dates, for State offices were nominated by
the Democrats \u25a0 of Rhode Island in- con
vention here to-day" as follows: . For Gov
ernor, L.. F. C. Garvin of Lonsdale; Lieu
tenant Governor, A. A. Archambalt of
Woonsocket; Secretary of State, Frank
E. Fltzsimmons of Lonsdale: General
Treasurer, Clark Potter of North Kings
ton; Attorney General, O. J. Holland of
Providence. ;
The platform recommends that a new
constitution be framed. The resolutions
are upon only State matters.
When Sears had concluded his description of
the battle Raynor asked him if Commodore
Bchley had given him a diepatch to be pent to
the Navy Department making a report of the
battle. The witness replied in the affirmative.
Admiral Dewey then asked if this dispatch had
been sent and was informed by Raynor that it
had not been forwarded to the department, al-
Dispatch. Not Forwarded.
Looked Like Ramming.
"The second ship passed in the wake of the
first one and I said to the commodore that it
locked as if the second one was going to try
to ram us. He, I think, assented. At any
rate, the Brooklyn was held toward her and
the ' appeared to me to be uncertain In her
course. The Brooklyn was handled by the
captain and quartermaster. She turned after
Ehe had passed to the southward of the Te
iesa"s walte and follcwed her, and then it was
generally remarked on the tower bridge that
they were ail going to try and escape to the
westw ard.
•\u25a0Just about the time the Viscaya turned.
Teoman Ellis, who was a trained observer
with the stadiineter, canre to me on the plat
form and said that his stadimeter showed 900
yards to the Viscaya. I immediately took an
esp^ial look at the Viscaya with that in mind,
and my judgment confirmed the stadimeter. I
eaid to the commodore: "I think we are about
our tactical diameter from that 'ship now,' and
he raid 'I think so, too' or 'we are.' The
order was "hard aport.' I am not positive who
gave that order. I think the commodore said
•hard aport," and Captain Cook said 'it Is
hard aport-' The helm was kept hard aport
and the ship swung rapidly in her turning
circle. When the order was given 'hard aport'
I looked at the next vessel in our fleet— the
Texas-^and in my Judgment we were com
pletely clear of her, and as we turned we
passed well clear of her. After the turn was
completed we found ourselves abreast or per
haps a little abaft the beam of the leading
Ppanish ship with a slowly converging course
toward the leading ship. It is my impression
we held a very straight course. The navigator
was trying to maintain this course to keep
our guns to bear to the best range. The Oregon
was astern of us and the Texas astern of her.
The Vlccaya began to blaze up and she turned
in ' toward shore. The commodore spoke of
the advisability of signaling through the Ore
iron to the Texas to stay by the Viscaya when
she turned In and insure her surrender, but
after a moment's thought he said: 'Philip will
know enough to look out for that.' and then
we proceeded. We were increasing our speed
as rapidly ae the fires could be forced, and
after the Viscaya had gone in we continued
the chase after the Colon. After we began
to gain upon the Colon the commodore directed
the Oregon, to try her guns at' her. Then the
Oregon and the Brooklyn fired deliberately at
the Colon. After our fire she began to waiver
in toward the shore. Her couree wae unset
tled and the commodore said he thought she
had enough cf It and was looking for a soft
spot to lie upon, which proved to be the case."
"As the ship swung toward the Teresa she
Fwung slowly around. To me the Teresa ap
peared not to hold an exactly steady coonse,
stnd the helm of our ship was eased one way
or the other to keep our ram pointing toward
the Teresa. The Teresa shortly turned square
ly toward the westward, and as she did so I
got a view of the next ship following in her
wake. It was my observation that the Brook
lyn was then held to meet the second ship
approaching. Of course we ported helm.
"I was In my room "when I heard the cry
cf the executive cScer, 'Clear ship for ac
tion'.' I knew what that meant and ran to
tha quarterdeck. I looked aloft to see if
tte prescribed eignal, "Enemy is escaping.'
was up. and saw that it \u25a0was. I met the com
modore on the quarterdeck. He directed the
signal to close in, all of. which were made.
Flora my position I l\ad a good view of the en
trance. Our ship was heading at the time,
I should say, to the westward^ of north, not
on her rogrular heading, which was about
northeast by north. The engines had been
Ftartec by the time I got on deck, and she
was gaining way and -was springing toward
the enemy. The first vessel, which proved to
be the flagship. Maria Teresa, came out. Sho
was uirt-ctly on our bearing irom the entrance
t o the port.
The witness described the engagement of
July S. After stating the preliminary inci
dents, he said:
The witness said the reconnoissance of May
SI. when ihe Colon was fired upon, developed
the etrength of the land batteries and they
l:ad proved to be stronger than he had sup
l-osed they were. Commodore Schley had, he
said, told him that his purpose was to ascer
tain what the batteries were. He said he had
been with Lieutenant Potts, on the Ma«n
cfcuFetts, on that day, and had not heard any
cor.vtrsation between that officer and Com
modore Schley.
\u25a0\Vith reference to the blockade at Santiago
the witness said that it had been maintained
at varying- distances of from three to six
miles. In thick weatter and at night the dis
tance was less than in fair weather and in
the daytime «
"Weatlier "Was Boisterous.
The witness In giving the details of the
cruise from Cienfuegos to Santiago 6aid the
weather was boisterous, with a heavy sea.
ts.'i that coaling at sea would not have been
eafe before May 2T, when it was undertaken.
lie aiso said that on this voyage the squad
ron had been delayed by the small boats, and
thet the ships had also been slowed up on one
occasion, when a merchant vessel was sighted;
also that the collier bad to stop several times
to make repairs in her mathinerj*-
The witness also stated that Commodore
Scaley had told him that Captain Mc-
Calla had brought a code of signals for
communication with the Insurgents on
thore near Cienfuegos.
describing the blockade at Clenfueyos Com
mander bears stated that it had been main
tained from one to four miles out and that
tte Dupont was stationed inside with Instruc
tions to keep close in to the mouth of the har
bor end maintain careful v.atch, reporting
eny eu«piclou£ incldents-
"That he was to come out the next day
and it would be possible for us to get that
information; in fact, that it would be very
easy to do so."
"Did he come ont the next day?"
"He did not."
"The Adula arrived off the port there
and was boaraed at first under orders
from Commodore Schley by the Castine,
.ar.d after Captain Berry of the Castine
bad made his report to the commodore
the commodore sent one of the officers of
ihe Brooklyn aboard her. After he had
returned and made report the coaamodori'
directed me to go aboard the Aduia and
see if I could contrive some manner of
inducing: the captain of the Adula, an
Kcglishman. to put himself out a little to
tell us something about what was going
en inside of Cientuegos. The captain said
of course, h<? would be very glad to do It,
as he was coining under some authorltv
from our fleet in Jamaica. He suggested
that when he came out on the next day
we should bring him to with a shot, that
anybody observing it from shore would
see that he was acting under force and
that anybody who could speak Spanish
could find out all they pleased from the
refugees she had on board."
"With what understanding • did they go
Into the port?"
Arrival of the Adula.
BC incident with which you are familiar—
the corning in of the Adula."
Colonel Sanger Will Probably Suc
ceed Him. in the Cabinet as
Secretary of "War.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— A special to the
New York Journal from Washington
says: Friends of Secretary Root fear that
he -will not be able to resume his official
duties. They are in possession of certain
information from Root's physicians which
glve3 them much apprehension. He has
been sick a long time and there is no pros
pect that he will shortly regain his health
sufficiently to return to Washington. It
is understood that the disability of which
Root is suffering: is of a cancerous nature
and does not lend itself to medical treat
ment. Should Root resign It is probable
that Assistant Secretary Sanger will suc
ceed him. Sanger is an energetic man
and thoroughly familiar with the policy
and plans of Root. The latter has implicit
faith in Sanger and dictated his appoint
ment against political opposition after
Meiklejohn's resignation.
SECRETARY ROOT'S ILLKESS
MAY CAUSE RETIREMENT
Hanna, who asked especially concerning the
meeting of the flying squadron with Captain
McCalla when the squadron was on Its way
to Cienfuegos, but the witness could .not re
call any conversation with' Commodore Schley
relative to that occurrence. Speaking of the
Adula the witness said the papers of that ves
sel were all right; he had looked Into that
matter himself.
Speaking of the arrival of the Hawk at Clen
fuegos with dispatches on May 23, witness re
ferred again to the McCalia memorandum,
which stated that there was a good landing
place thirteen miles from Cienfuegos, but he
said In reply to questions that no effort had
been made prior to the arrival of Captain Mc-
Calla, on the 24th, to find this landing place.
Continuing, tha witness .said that Instruc
tions -were given immediately • after Captain
McCalla' s report that the Spaniards were not
at Cienfuegos to proceed to Santiago. He had
not heard that the commodore had other In
tentions than to leave forthwith and he knew
nothing of an alleged letter written on that
date by Commodore Schley, saying he would
not 'leave until the 25th, the. next day. The
witness, with reference to the alleged difllculty
of coalinz the Texas at sea, said that he had
had the authority of Captain Philip for that
statement.
Speaking- of the speed of the Brooklyn in
the chase of the Colon the. witness said it had
been increased gradually. The record made of
the revolutions of the engine showed that the
Brooklyn had covered forty-five mile3 on that
occasion. ' \u25a0" \u25a0 —
Hanna asked why the Yucatan Channel,
rather than the Windward Passage, had been
selected In making the retrograde movement.
The witness replied that his opinion was that
the selection had been 'made because of the
general feeling that the ships of the enemy
might have gotten out of the harbor at San
tiago and gone westward. In that event it
was felt that the Yucatan Channel route would'
be the better. The Impression that Cervera
had left Santiago, he said, had been created
by Information received from the Adula. but
he could not now recall just what that In
formation was. The witness aid that the fleet
under Commodore Schley never had been with
drawn from Santiago to a distance out at Eea
at night. As a rule the ships were farther in
side at night than during. the day. The ships
never had gone- farther off than six miles.
On one occasion the • colliers had been sent
twenty-five miles away.
The court asked a number of questions of
the witness, which, with the answers, were
as follows:
"Were you present when Captain Cotton de
livered dispatches to Commodore Schley oft
Cienfue~os?" .
"I met the captain at the gangway, but
whether he gave the dispatches to the com
medore then I cannot say."
"If you heard those dispatches read, or read
them yourself, please state their purport."
"The dispatch he brought I think contained
the most positive information we had had that
the enemy were in Santiago. I remember that
dispatch as being the first information of any
posltlveness that we had had since leaving
Cienfuegos. I could identify the dispatch it 1
saw it."
The Signal of Orders.
"Did you hear any conversation that may
have taken place between Commodore Schley
and Captain Cotton? If so, please give it."
"I did not."
"Was any boat sent from the squadron to
examine the shore at Cienfuegos with the view
to ascertaining the practicability of landing?"
"Not to my knowledge."
"What orders, if any, were signaled to the
squadron by the Brooklyn from the time the
Spanish squadron appeared coming out until
the Colon ran ashore?" •• - .\u25a0*\u25a0•=.
"The prescribed signal was that the Span
ish fleet was escaping. The next signal was
•Clear ship for action' ; the next signal was
'Close in." There was a signal when the Vis
caya was hopelessly out of "it for the Oregon
to cease firing. The next signal was to the
Oregon to open fire with 13-inch guns. There
were signals then made between the Oregon and
Brooklyn. When the Oregon would flre we
would notify her of the fall of her shells.
When we fired the Oregon notified us. Then,
upon the approach of the New York, when she
was observed, signal was made, I think, to
the Texas, to be repeated, notifying the commo
dore in chief that we had won a great vic
tory."
"Were these signals answered and these or
ders obeyed by the ships of the squadron?"
"The orders were obeyed. I do not know
whether the signals were answered or .not. I
could not see. Letter signals, those that had
nothing to do with the squadron" at the end
of the battle, were all answered."
"Was any examination of the coast, east and
west of Cienfuegos made with a view to find
ing a place where the Texas might be pro
tected from the sea while coaling?"
"No."
"Did you observe smoke in the harbor of
Cienfuegos? If so, describe it."
"I do not recollect any smoke at Cienfue
gos." . (
"What orders were issued by Commodore
Schley regarding the blockade of Cienfuegos?"
"I know of no orders."
"What signals were made to the flying squad
ron by Commodore Schley on May 31 regarding
the movement of the ships?"
"The range at which we were to fire was
signaled, as was the speed. I do not recollect
whether 'cease firing' was made or not." .
"Did the Teresa turn to the westward before
the Brooklyn commenced her turn to star
board?"
"The Brooklyn was forging ahead, gaining
speed, and as I stated in my recollection of
that event, the helm was eased. The Teresa
before she turned to westward appeared to
move herself to keep her ram toward us. It is
my Impression that Captain Cook kept our
vessel that way. The helm was only slightly
aport or eased up, and sometimes a little star
board. That was my observation. I did not
hear any orders. They were given out of my
hearing." *,
"Did you observe the turn .of the Brooklyn
though It had been taken to the cable office,
ihe court decided that as the dispatch had
net reached the department it could iiqJ up
'Suppose it was not commodore Schley's
fault that the dispatch was not forwarded?"
asked Raynor.
To this inquiry the court responded: "You
can't ask questions of the court. We are not
in the witness box. Commedore Schley' s re
port is in evidence and that is sufficient."
Itaynor questioned the witness again concern-
Ing his association with Lieutenant Commander
Potts, on the Massachusetts, and asked If ho
had heard the commodore say on the occasion
of the Colon reconnoissance anything in the
presence of Potts concerning the conspicuousness
of the uniforms of the otficers as they stood
on the turret during the firing of the enemy's
batteries. The witness replied In the negative.
In reply to a question, Commander Sears said
be had been with Commodore Schley In five en
pagements all told. He was then asked as to
the bearing of that officer under fire and re
plied :
"His bearing to me was a model for any
body, worthy of emulation at all times. Under
fire his laculties, if It was possible, seemed to
be clearer and he more in possession of them
than at any other time."
"Was he in any state of excitement?"
"Not the slightest."
In on them. I remember that distinctly be
cause 1 was anxious to keep a straight and
steady course, believing we gained by that,
and we had them at all times under an easy
range. We had the range completely and our
shots were landing. Theirs were not."
"Please state what was the conduct ana
bearing of Commodore Schley during the battle
of July 3. The anBwer to this question previ
ously given by you does not refer specifically,
to this date."
"1 cannot imagine any conduct in battle
more admirable. He was cool, brave and en
thusiastic Horn the beginning to the end of
the action."
Mr. Haynor— Was Commodore Schley' s posi
tion on the Brooklyn on the day of the battle
one o£ danger?"
"Yes, as much as any one on board.. He was
In the open all the time."
By the court— How tar was the Colon from
tha Brooklyn when the turn to starboard was
completed?
"'lAvo thousand yards or twenty-nve hundred
yards." —
Sears Again Heard. .
When the court concluded Its questions Cap
tain Cook withurew and Lieutenant Commander
Sears continued his recital of tne details of
the .Santiago campaign, being under cross ex
amination. The examination was conducted by
from the time the helm was put hard aport
until she headed to the westward on a course
parallel to that of the Spanish vessels?"
"I did."
"Did the Brooklyn turn steadily and rapidly
through all points or did she head longer on
some points than on others?"
"From the time the Vtscaya turned westward
nearer us than the Teresa the turn was com
plete'and the helm was not touched from my
observation. It was a complete turn" at the
speed we had." . /
"What were the relative positions of the Vis
caya and the Brooklyn when the Brooklyn
commenced her turn with ported helm?"
"As I Btated before, we were forging ahead,
gaining all the time, in that- direction, with
helm being eased and held aport and not hard
aport. The relative positions were 900 yards
apart."
Vessels Closed In.
"At what period of the action did the Viscaya
change her course, as ' if "^he intended to ram
the lirooklyn?" . .
"Shortly before she gave up. The fight had
developed into a very open one at that time."
"What were the relative positions of the
Colon and the Brooklyn when the Brooklyn
commenced to turn with port helm?"
"I had not seen the Colon."
"What were the relative positions of the
Brooklyn and the Colon when you discovered
that the Colon was 12,000 yards distant from
the Brooklyn?"
"She was well ahead of us, oft our starboard
bow. Inshore."
"At the time the Brooklyn turned to star
board, was her distance from the Texas more
or less than what is known as distance when
ships are in column?"
"It was not far from distance."
"You stated that the Brooklyn's position was
6000 yards southwest by west from the morro.
How long and at what speed had the Brooklyn
steamed when Ellis told you she was WjO yards
from one of the Spanish ships?" \u25a0 ,
"That would be a very bare estimate. I was
not watching that Just then."
"Was not' a signal made May 31 which stated
the object of the engagement on that day?"
"I do not recollect It.. There is a signal rec
ord book, where a careful record Is kept." '
"Have you, as flag lieutenant, any recollec
tion of the signal timed 11:20 a. m., Massachu
setts flagship to the squadron?"
The witness recalled such signal, which he
read as follows:
"The Massachusetts and New. Orleans and
Iowa will go In after dinner to a distance ot
7000 yards and flre at the Cristobal Colon, with
8. 12 and 13 Inch guns. Speed, ten knots."
-The Judge advocate — Do you know which of
the vessels on July 3 first hoisted the signal,
"Enemy escaping?" "; .
"I do not know of my own observation. Tha
report was the Iowa got it up first."
"That was the alarm signal to be hoisted,
not" aa an order, but as a general alarm or
warning to the fleet?"
• "That was in the orders of the commander In
chief."
"With regard to clearing ship for action, to
which you refer, were not the ships practically
cleared for action all the time they were on
blockade?"
"Pi-actlcally; but there were some things left
to be done always."
"But It was not like clearing ship for action
under ordinary circumstances?"
"No."
"It does not appear before the court as evi
dence that there was a signal directing the
Oregon to open flre with 13-inch guns. Can you
point out where a record of that can be
found?"
"No, unless it is in the Brooklyn's signal
book. 1 ' •
"Can you state as. to the time this signal was
made, whether the Oregon had before that
time not used her 13-inch guns?" - •
"I cannot."
\u25a0 "Do you recollect the signal at 2:03 p. m.
on May 31 \u25a0 from the Massachusetts to tho
squadron, 4 Don't go in any closer?' "
"I do not recall that signal."'
"Do you know whether the Brooklyn crossed
the bow of the Texas?"
"She did not."
By. the court — Did the vessels close up July
3 in obedience to the -signal made from the
Brooklyn, : or was there a standing order for
them to •close up in case the enemy wa3 seen
attempting to escape?
"There was a standing order that If the ene
my attempted to escape, the squadron must
close In and destroy it, or words to that ef
fect."
When the court concluded its questions Com
mander Sears was excused and the court ad
journed for the day.
"Was he cool and calm?"
"Absolutely."
"How about points of danger— would he get
avray from them or did he eipose himself to
them?"
"He -was always putting himself In exposed
positions. I requested him many times not to
expose himself, as it was useless to do so."
Judge Advocate Lemly conducted the cross
examination of the witness, who said that Com
modore Schley had discussed the coal situa
tion freely with biro and that when the iretro
grade movement was begun the Texas had only
a little more than enough coal to carry her to
[ the nearest coaling station. He had, he said,
been averse to the westward movement, but
Raynor suggested that such a course of in
quiry would open the doors to a wide range of
questioning. He did not believe that the criticism
of a Junior officer, if made, should affect the
commodore. The witness continued by saying
that he had probably had as many as half a
dozen conversations with the commodore»con
cernlng the return, but he could not grlve the
particulars of these talks. He had, at Com
modore Schley*6 instance, made the signal for
the move westward.
Range Given for Firing.
Asked about the range given for the firing
of the American guns on May 31, Sears said he
had given it at 7000 yards under direction of
Commodore Schley. Asked if he had had any
conversation with Commodore Schley concern
ing that range, he replied in the negative.
"Did you not state otherwise In the ward
room of the Massachusetts ?*' Lemly asked.
"That question Is inadmissible," saFd Ad
miral Dewey, before the witness .could reply,
"unless Commodore Schley was present"
Captain Lemly and Hanna contended for the
admiaslbility of the question, and Raynor con
ceded that It was proper on cross-eacamlnation
for the purpose of impeaching the witness. The
court then allowed it to go in and Captain
Lemly asked it more specifically than before:
"I want to know if you did not state other
wise with regard to the range, in the ward
room of the Massachusetts on the day of the
action, on May 31, than you have stated here;
that is, you have stated here you have said
nothing about it."
"I have no recollection of stating anything
else," replied the witness. !
"Are you positive?"
"I am positive."
"Now, refresh your memory. I ask If you
did not say in the wardroom of the Massachu
setts: 'For God's sake, don't discourage him.
It Is all we have been able to do to work
him up to this," or worfia to that effect?*'
"Ko, I never said anything of the kind," re
plied the witness.
In reply to further questions the witness said
that while no conclusion could be reached
from the signal fires on shore, at Santiago on
July 2, tfc-at the Spanish fleet was preparing to
escape, yet the situation was so tense that
Commodore Schley felt something unusual
was going to occur. The court then took re
cess for luncheon.
Recall of Captain Cook.
The afternoon session began with the recall
of Captain Cook for the purpose of correcting
the testimony given by him yesterday. Judge
Advocate Lemly asked him the following ques
tion:
"What conversation. If any, did you have
with Commodore Schley about the retrograde
movement either before or after the signals
were made and the order given on May :26 to
return to Key West?"
"As nearly as I recollect the circumstances,
there was a conversation after the message
had been brought to me. and that the signal
had been made 'bound for Key West by Yuca
tan Channel.' I did not understand the signal
and went in to «ee the commodore about it.
I asked him what the signal meant and he
said that he must coal the ships, that he
rnust seek Borne place to coal them and that
he was going toward Key West until he could
find an opportunity to coal from the collier,
and if he did not find that he must be near
a coal base to keep the ships coaled. I made
rome remark concerning the weather condi
tions, that I thought that they would be more
favorable later. He replied: 'Until they are
and I am able to coal from the collier, I must
keep within striking distance of coal." I said
that I recognized that he felt the responsibility
as no one else could and that it was a serious
question. He answered that he recognized the
' fact but that he must act in accordance with
his 'judgment, whether right or wrong; that
1 personal consideration was of no account when
1 the safety of the fleet was to be considered.
\u25a0 That is about all I recollect."
! The court then asked the witness the follow
ing questions:
"What instructions did you receive from
! Commodore Schley regarding the movement of
1 the Brooklyn after it was discovered that Cer
vera's squadron was coming out of the har
bor of Santiago?"
"I do not recollect any specific Instructions.
I We were standing for the enemy."
1 "Please repeat any conversation that took
| place between Commodore Schley and yourself
from the time the Spanish squadron came out
until the Brooklyn was steadied on her westerly
course in chase."
"He several times spoke of the position of
the enemy. At one time he spoke of the turning
of one of the ships from the line. I saw
it, the Viscaya, I think, turn out and then
turn In again. He spoke of that. He said to
me at one time to look out for the torpedoes
or torpedo boats. I know at that time the
executive officer had come from below and I
turned to him and said: 'Look out for tor
pedo boats' or 'torpedo attack.' Then there
was the conversation as to putting the' helm
aport which I have already stated. He spoke
frequently to me during the action about cau
tioning the men at the batteries to fire steadily
and slowly, not to. lose their shots. He called
a number of times, loud enough to be heard in
the turret and to be heard on the lower deck
by the men manning the auxiliary batteries,
to fire steady, especially at a time when the
ships were doubled on each other, as for the
Instance the Colon from third to first place, in
side of the other ships. He spoke to me a
number of times asking me if I could not edge
WOMAN IS SUSPECTED
OP ACTHTG FOB BANDITS
Detectives in Tennessee Think They
Have Found an Accomplice
of Bobbers.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Oct. 15.— Annie
Rogers, alias Maude \u25a0Williams, aged 26
years is In the custody of the police here,
and General Superintendent Taylor of a
detective agency at Chicago, who is in
Nashville, believes her arrest will lead to
the apprehension of the gang which on
July 3 last held up a Great Northern ex
press train near Wagner, Mont^ securing
over $40,000 in bank notes. He hopes also
to recover much of the stolen money. A
large portion of the bank bills were un
signed by officials of the bank at Helena,
to which they were consigned.
The woman came under suspicion by her
actions at the Fourth National Bank
Monday afternoon, when she presented a
large roll of new bills of small denomina
tion asking for large bills in return.
Noting the bills closely, the teller became
suspicious, and while she was engaged in
conversation the police were notified.
When arrested the woman refused to
make any explanation of where the $550
in her possession came from. The bills
were on the Helena . bank, and though
slimed the serial numbers coincide with
tho«e given In a circular advertisement
of the robbery. A warrant was sworn out
against the woman, charging her with at- (
tempting to pass forged bank notes. she
declined to tell of herself further than
to assert that she was born in Texas and
that she arrived here Sunday night, from
where she will not say.
Lawyers Object to Van Wyck.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— The Bar Associa
tion of New York met to-night and
adopted the report of its committee or
dered to pass upon the qualifications of
the candidates for. the judiciary to be
elected this fall in this city. The report
indorsed all the fusion and Tammany
nominees except Mayor Robert A Van
Wvck Tammany, for Justice of the Su
preme' Court, and John P. Schuchman,
Tammany, for Judge of the City Court.
These were declared not proper candi
dates. '
Continued From Pajje One.
THRILLING STORY OF COMMANDER SEARS,
THE FLAG LIEUTENANT OF THE BROOKLYN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
9
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l«»v« nml nr« dn* to arrive »»
MAN FltANCIM<:o.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
uatb — laou October 6. 1901. — abuts
7:0Oa Benlcia, Suiauu, Elmira and Sacra-
meuto «:S"Sp
7i00a VtciTille, Winters, Ramsey ?:3Ap
<<3ua Martli-ez, Sanltanion, Vallejo. Napa,
Callatoga and Sauta itos&V. <S:23p
8:0« A DaTla. Woodland. KnignU Landing,
MarjarillB, ororille., 7:3*p
giOOa Atlantic K i press— Ogdeu and East 12:23r
N:»»a Mies, Ltthrop, Stockton <:2-)p
tt<»O.t Nilea, Mendota, Hanford. VisaUa,
PorterrUle 4:33*
Ss3OA Shasta Expreaa— I>a»is, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Bed
Bluff, Portland. 7:53f
\u25a0 i3Oa San Jims. Livermore, .Stockton.
lone, .Sacramento. Placerville,
MxryaTlilfl, Chicn. ltetl Wiitr 4:25p
HiSOa Oak.Ulr. Chinese. Sonora. Carters... *:25?
»:OOa Hajward. Mica aud Way Stations.. « 1 :»»A
SiOOa Vallejo lJ*:85r
UiOO a Los Angeles Express — HWntnez.
Trasy. Lathrop, .Stockton, Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles 7i23?
\u25a0:3OA Vallt>)<>. Marliuoz ami Way Stations 7:33?
1O:O(> v Tha Overland Limited — Ogden. Pen-
ver, Omaha. Chicago 6:»3r
fl:O«»p Sacramento UN er Ste*mer* t 3:n **A
3:30p Haywarti, Nilm and Way .Stations.. 7:53 f
\u25a0liOOr H-nicia. Winters, Haerauieirto,
Woodland. Knltfuts I,audln*.
M»rj8»l!le, Oro'iUa ltt:33ji
4:OOp Marttuox. Hau Kaiuon. "Vallejo,
N*i>*. CallatoKS. Santa Kosa »i33a'
4tOOp Niles, LlTermore, Stockton, Lodl... IS^Sp
4>:i»r IUjnrwd. Nile*, ban .lone. Lhtrmoro ts^s*.
4i3ttp Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 10:23a
3xW0f Tho Owl Limited— Fiesuo. Tulare.
\u25a0 Bakersdeld. Uaugns tor Santa. Bar*
bara, Los Auxeles 8:33a
StOOp Mutinri. Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Freano 1*:23>
8i30p New Orleans Expre**— Mendota,
" - Fresno, Bakerstield, Los Angeles. . .
Iteming, Kl Paso, New Orleans
and Bast 7*33a
fltOOp n at ward, Kites and San Jose , 7>33a
fSiOOr Vallejo 1 1:334
ViOttr Oriental M&ll-Ogrien, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago 12<23p
• tOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, DenTer,
St. Louis. Chioaco. 4:33*
7l00r Oregon aud California Kx|>rea«,Hao-
rniiieutii, Marjsillle. HotMIng,
Portland, Piiget rioimd and Kask 8:33 A
•i«3pSaa Pablo. Port Costa, Mirtinei
and Wa» Stations 11:23*
t»tO3p Vallffr 7:3a>
COAST LJNE (Narrow Uange).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
Si I 3a Newark. tViitpr»llle,.Saii Job*. Kelton,
Boulder Creek, Hant a Cruz and Way
BUUona »«3»r
ia>ISr Newark, CenterTllle. San .lose. Now
Almadeu, Felton, ISooldsr Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'riuclpal Way
Stations H»:3»A
4il.1p Newark, Han Jose, LosGatos tSs5»l»
a9.3or Hunter*' Train— San Jose and Way
Stations t?-»O?
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from S1I msCISCO-Fooi of Mukit Street (Slip 8)-
t<:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:J3 5:I3r.M.
ff.iuOllUitD— f«tl »f tutiw,].— tii:00 {d:00 13:05
10.00a.m. 12:03 a.CO i:03r.M. •
COAST IilNB (Itroail (Uaire).
(Third and Townaeml Sta.)
flilUA San Jose and Wsy Htations. .. «»i»wp
7i*OA Han Joae ami Way Buttons l-.:i»r
/7«»wa New Aluia<1«» /-itlO*
UiOOa Han Joaa. Tres Finos. Hunt* Crux.
Purllie ilroie, Salinas, San Lais
Oblipo, Santa Bubar*, and Prin-
cipal intermediate stations 7>43p
IOiKOa San Jose aud Way SUtions. 4:1 Op
I 1<SOa Han Jnaa and Way SUtlnns SiXttp
*3*43p San Mateo, Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Jose.
Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ami l'aoifle Ornre flOs43A
S<a«p Han Jose and Way Stations. BiiMK
f4tlSr San Joseaud Principal Way Station* »i-»3a
tStOOr San Josa. Los Gate* and Principal
Way SUtions i0««O»
SlSOp San Jose and Principal Way SUtions 8:36a
•iOOt Redwood, H«n Jot*. Gilroy. Salinas,
8anta Barbara, Lob Angeles 10:03.%
S:30p San Joseaud Way Stations }«:«»»*
qll:43r San Joss and Way Sutlous 6i3Op
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
t Hnnday excepted. 1 Sunday only,
a Saturday only. / Tuesday* aud Fridays.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS £1 C&
T .'Ptgtcs; m HI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFifc
RAILWAY COMPANY.
\u25a0 Tlburon Farry, F»t mi Bsirixn SX
San Francisco to San Rafael.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
\u25a0WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:ii
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDATS-8:10. »:*), 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. J:«.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 23. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I "Week
Daya. | days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 ant
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 0:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:C0 pml Hopland [10:40 am'J9:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
and 1
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 119:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, HullvHle, Orr"s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port, Usal, Willita, Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
• On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polnU
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN. \u25a0
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass AgL
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Ldm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily . • Daily I>ally
' Lr. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:C5 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:13 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla... 3:40 p 4:43 a
" Bakrsflld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
"Kan.Clty 2:40a 7:30 a
'" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
*9 a. m. train is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Cbrre-
- g ponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday. *
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:30 p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is tha Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. - m \u25a0 t
" T~~~",
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- Sun- Week
.Pay*- <**>»• aWh. a. ft. -T..«TfW f*gL
*30 A. 8:00 a. -h,- .K^to- i«,, M « wo 1-00 p. 9:45 A.
SESR: : ~ 1 '5— JSJiBE
1:15 p. *:£ ViA "^ 5:53 p.
7%n, SMTiwin.™ toStum.lt tad ftattra. fl. 90. '
TV0w» 01m, «U JL&BXEI SXUX3 «Mt SAUSALITO TZBXT.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXT ST. Established
in 1*34 for tbe treatment of Private
DHewes. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor enreffwhen
others fail. Try him. Charge* low.
Car** (\u25a0\u25a0rmatetd. Call or wilt*
Ht. J. JT. «XB3O.\. 8u JTrandsco. Cat -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Neuralgia
Neuralgia sufferers have no patience
for talk or sympathy.
They want relief—^instant relief from
sharp pains and the agony that neural-
gia causes.
There is only one remedy that will
cure neuralgia, quickly and permanent-
ly, and that is Halpruner's Pain Re-*
mover. The penetrating powers of this
medicine make it reach the seat of the
trouble and remove the cause of the
pain. It 1 brings immediate relief and
is a medicine that can do no harm.
It will remove neuralgia pains and
make you feel like you^like to feel —
hale and hearty. Send down to your
nearest druggist and get a trial bottle.
Take two teaspoonfuls in half a glass
of water or milk; also rub the medi-
cine on the parts where the pain, is —
soon you will be all 'well.
JfhlprunerV
Is a sure, safe and reliable cure for
neuralgia,- rheumatism, cold in the
head and chest, catarrh and all diseases
and ailments that come from an in-
flamed condition of membranes, tissues
and muscles.
' If the druggist won't get Halpruner
for you, telephone to Bush 463 or call
at 28 California street, Halpruner Med-
ical Manufacturing Company.
DR.MEYERS&CO. 0Si%,
Specialist. Disease ffi^j§|f qjj
and weakness of «§£{£»\u25a0 ff
men. Established *C^|f /***'% '^Sal
1881. Consultation iVrt *^J K?j
and private book * . 'I
free, at office or by '^Rf&N,
mail. Cures guar- iw^i^^S'
anteed. 731 Mar- JrX<Mpf M
ket street (eleva- A^ ryM^/W
tor entrance), San r 3s*p!*»
12 icLncisco*
D|T»TTQTJ|7Qfor barbers, bak-
JJXB,U OXlJUJte) ers - bootblacks. \u25a0 bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who, have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Quests enter-
tained on the, American or European
plan. ' \
GRAND HOTEL.
. ! • / -\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0
AMUSEMENTS. •
CHUTES AND_Z00 fMfBM,
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
HARRY HARMON,
• The Famous -High Diver.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, t
THE AMATEURS
AND A LADIES' TUG OF WAR.
. Telephone for Seats Park 23..
SUTRO BATHS. .
, OPEN NIGHTS.
/ Open dally * from ' 7 a. m,' to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.r- •»<.-•->
I ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c. \ <
Bathing, including admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
Broadhurst's
This lady lives In Burlington, Iowa, and
the name will be furnished by the Postum
Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich., to
tfeoee interested.
"Forced to It again, I determined to see
if it could not v be made palatable and
found at once that when I followed di-
rections and boiled It long enough, that I
not only liked it but gave It to my hus-
band for several days without his finding
It out. I have the name of making-
splendid coffee, and we always used the
best, but of late I have given Postum to
guests many times In place of coffee and
have never been detected yet-
"Our four children have not drank cof-
fee for three years, and all have gained
health and flesh since using Postutn.
One son, who was always sick, has been
greatly benefited by Us use, and as above
stated, I have gained twenty-flve pounds
elr.ee taking up Postum. I am healthier to-
day than I have been for years and give
Postum all the credit. Please do not use
my nime in public."
"I bad become very thin In flesh and
suffered tortures with heartburn, was a
nej-vous wreck with headache practically
all the time until one dreadful day when
the gtjod doctor told me I must quit
drinking 1 coffee, as he had nothing left to
try to relieve me.
\u25a0"I could not drink tea and had tried
everything else, even Pcstum, but put it
by at the first trial, because It was taste-
less.
"I have gained twenty-flve pounds since
I left off coffee and beg^n drinking: Pos-
tum Food Coffee In Its place.
GOOD COFFEE MAKER.
Experience With the Berry.
POSTUM CEREAL.
MATINEES SATURDAY. AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING ; THIS
• WEEK..
THE LITTLUfllNISTER,
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 60c, 75c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
NEXT WEEK
Walter E. Perklns^n^THE MAN FROM
Special Matinees Monday to Friday, Inclusive.
of Pollard's Australian Juvenile
Opera Company.
LAST NIGHT BUT FOUR.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Greatest Musical Success Ever Recorded
Here,
FLORODORA.
Farewell Next Sunday Night.
Beginning Next Monday.
STUART ROBSON
As "Bertie the Lamb" in
"THS HENRIETTA."
A Veritable All-Star Cast.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
A LAUGHING FESTIVAL
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK. ' .
MATINEE SATURDAY.
First time in this city of Geo. H. Broadhurst's
Musical Farce,
RUDOLPMandADOLPH
With the Two Emperors of Germany,
MAS AN AND" MASON,
40 COMEDIANS 40 (}
NEDCT SUNDAY NIGHT.
•«A FEMALE DRUMMER"
WITH
JOHNSTOKE BENNETT. ' • *
SEATS THURSDAY.
V^f*^ -it^ »^ tttSSS CITY /Mil
TO-NIGHT— EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday, ,
John A. Stevens' Successful Melodrama.
Wife run Wlrh
One of the most powerful realistic plays ever
presented.
DDirCC Evenings........... 10c, 15c, 25c, S5c, 60o
1 filVCJ Matinees... :......10c. 15c, 25c
- Next Week— "THE COTTON KING."
flwHlATR K^A>
TO-NIGHT— EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
The Farce that Crazed New York,
THE GIRL
IN THE BARRACKS.
Greatest ' of all Sensational Farces.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c, 75c
*TI¥PLI*
Evenings at 8 sharp.
Matinee Saturday at 3 sharp.
TO-NIGHT, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday,
Enormously Demanded t
CAVALLERIA and I PAGLIAGGI
Thursday, Sunday Nights, Saturday Matinee,
"ERNANI."
t NEXT WEEK—
"NORMA." _"LA BOHEME."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c and 75c
Telephone— Bush 9. *
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY, Oct. 16.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
New Vaudeville Favorites!
Monroe, Mack and Lawrence, Ds
Courcy Brothers, Thomas Baker,
Maude* Sorensen, Tom Dunn, Sis-
ters O'Meers, Mitchell and Bar-
nard, Joe, Buster and Myra Kea-
ton, Wilfred Clarke and Co. ' and
the Biograph.
AJ-HAMBRA.
THE GREATEST SUCCESS EVER ACHD3VED
BY A NEW ORGANIZATION.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Matinees T0-DA7, Fridiy and Saturday.,
Friday Evening— "CREATORE" Night.
Messrs. Ellinghouae and Oppenheimer announce
MR. CHANNING ELLERY'S
ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
60 ARTISTS 50
BIG. GIUSEPPE CREATORE. Director,
Assisted by
. MME. JOANNA BARILI, Soprano.
MISS IDA B. HEINTZEN. Harpist „
Special Popular Night at Popular Prices.
(FAREWELL)— Sunday, October 20.
TTTQrWFR'Q CONCERT HOUSE
1 1OU tl&ti 2> Admission 10c.
Bartelmese; Maud De Alma; Harry Holmes;
Herr Huber; Eleanore Jenkins; Sydney Smith;
Val Vousden; -'Silvia Puerari and Hlnrichs'
Orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 25c Matinee Sunday.
HILL'S THEATER, <**$M
(Remodeled Pahst Cafe.) Cor. Ellis and Pow-
ell. First-class vaudeville. Ladles' Orchestra.
Moving Pictures. Matinee Sunday, 2 p. m.
Admission 10c and 25c.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Forry.
' ' • Commencing September 29, tSOL
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND KA.N RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 . „
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6M, 6:45 p. m . ** m -
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill ValUy«a aSa _
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and SatnT
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. oaiur-
SUNDAYS-*8:00, nO:00. »ll:30 a. m nja
3:16, *4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p. m. .'. *•"\u25ba
Trains marked <•) nin to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6:27, 7:45* 8:35 in -is
a. m.. •12:25. 2>i5, '3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. rn?
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m euneTOay »
SUNDAYS— 6:15, *8:00. •10:00. 11HS -. rn
1:40. »3:15. 4:45, »6:30 p. m. ** m -
Trains marked (•) start from Ean Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-6:«. 6:45. 7:65. Tfit ifl^i
la. m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50; 5:10 p. m. W ' OT
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. jj,","""*" 0 **"
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:06 a.- m., 12:05," 2:15, 3;30,
* ' .. " THROUGH . TRAINS.
'6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . . .
1:45. p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . i
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. *
, " ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
»We furnish homes,
fiats, hotels and room- '\u25a0^""j" ~ rw
ing - houses complete. BK152111
We have all the latest |f?V|SfSfH
- designs in furniture, car- e^TjT^^- ! B
. Q u art e re d Oak r>eries and will gladly Beautiful Oalc
ChifEonier, French periefc, dim win g" u V Sideboard,
Plate Mirror,' five • n pctimate French plate
drawers and hat give yOU an estimate. mirror $15.00
box :.... .810.00 j
Credit if you wish it, and free
delivery in Oakland, Alameda
'l^^^^^S^^ and Berkeley. We close at 6, ex-
. 1 •\u25a0 « I! ~jf || cept on Saturday.
1 * I I T.ErSliiant
* l FURNITURE CO,,
Library Table, quarter 338-342 POST STREET, !
sawed oak top S»o. UU Opposite Union Square.
AMTJ SEMENT3.
j GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— LXTRA
TO-MORROW IS THE BIG DAY
1 THURSDAY AFTERNOON, October 17,
| CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE. Beginning at 1 o'clock.
I THIRD llilil BENEFIT
i IN AID OF THE CHARITT FUND OF THE
1 ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MANAGERS
' OF SAN FRANCISCO.
I • HALF OF THE GROSS RECEIPTS TO BE DEVOTED TO THE
j McKlNLEY MEMORIAL FUND.
| MONSTER PROGRAMME.
| LOOK AT THIS ARRAY OF NOVELTIES!
I American Debut of POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN JUVENILE OPERA COMPANY
\ in an Act of the "BELLE OF NEW YORK." GRACE DUDLEY and the DOUBLE
I SEXTET from "FLORODORA." CAMILLE D'ARVILLE. ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
i MASON and MASON and LOTTIE WILLIAMS-SALTER from "RUDOLPH and
% \u25a0 ADOLPH." Scenes from "CARMEN" and "NABUCCO," Tivoli. BRIGHTEST SPE-
; CIALTIES from the ORPHEUM. Act of "THE LITTLE MINISTER." Second Act
I of "TOO MUCH JOHNSON." LATEST MOVING PICTURES. IMMENSE ORCHES-
| TRA. '_
j Grand Parade in Honor of the Benefit by the
\ Royal Italian Band Thursday at Noon. /
\u25a0 RESERVED SEATS SI.OO and S2.OO. BOXES S2O.OO, SS5.OO and S5O.OO
I GOOD SEATS NOW ON SALE AT THE BOX OFFICE.Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
TUESDAT, Oct. 15-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES* BOND3.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. ..112 112%, 4s qr c (new).139 140
4s quar reg 112 112% 3s quar coup..lCS —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C os. 106%107 Oceanic SS 5s.lO4 —
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s. 129% —
C C Water 5s.lUi4112% Pac G Imp 4s. 39% —
Ed L & P 6s. — 131% Pk & Cl H 61.109 —
Fer & C H 6s. — 122 Pk & O R 6s.l21 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powl-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5U.S. — — Sac E G R 5s. 98 9S4
Do 5s 99 — S F & SJV 53.122\il23^i
Los Ang R os.imi — Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s. 101 Vi — S P of Ariz 6a
• Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 113>4 —
Do gntd 5s. .101 103 (1910) ll«i —
Ij A & P 5s.. — 102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 (1905>. Ser A.107%i —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128% (1305). Ser B.107% —
Do 1 C m 5s. — 122^ (1906) 109 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2%113% (1312) 119^119%
Do 5s — — S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s.l01% — c gntd 5s 110% —
Do os 107 108 • S P Br Cal 63.134 —
Nor Cal R 53.111 — ,S V Water 6s.lll%112
Oak Gas 5s....lll%112'4 Do 4s 103%103q4
Oak Trans 6s. .122 125%| Do 4s 2d m.103 —
Dolstc 5s. .112 112%IStktn Gas 6s. .104 —
Oak Wat g 5s.. 105 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76T4 77&I Port Costa 63 63
Marln County. 53 — IS^Hnsr Valley. 83 SS 1 !
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable 3% 3% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual — 5Vi S F G & B.... 43*4 43^
Oakland 51% 52 San Francisco. 4U —
Pac Gas Imp.. 33 40% Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.210 — \
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..... — 80 |L P & A 136 150
California ....40« 412 Her Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO8% — S F National.. 13d —
First Nationl..310 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German .1395 — ISav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — [Security Sav...275 —
Mutual Sav 60 — Union Trust.. 170O —
San Francisco. 525 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — lO S L & H.... 40 r-
Geary — 60 Presidio 31 —
Market 90% — I
POWDER.
Giant - 75% IVisorit 4% 4H
SUGAR.
Hana — 6 Kilauea 11 12
Hawaiian — BO Makawell 27U 28
Honokaa 10"& 11T» Onomea 24 2o
Hutchlnson ... 14% — Paauhau 10?* —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack-.140%143 Pac Aux F A.. 2U —
Cal Fruit Asn. 85% St>U Pac C Borax.. 16o —
Mer Exchnge..llO — Par Faint IS —
Oceanic S Co.. 42% 44
Morning Session.
35 Alaska Packers' Association HI 00
25 Honokaa S Co S'H??
50 Makaweli S Co 27 3. ' 5
50 Makaweli S Co 27 50
23 Makawell S Co 27 6:'i
200 Market Street Railway 91 CO
J15 000 N P C R R 5s 107 2j
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 25
$1000 S P of Arizona (1913) 113 25
$1000 Spring Valley 43 (2d mtge) 103 75
. Beard- A " ernCOnSeSSiOn 
$2000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 10S 50
M> Cal Wine Assn St> 73
23 Contra Costa Water 77 (0
65 Honokaa S Co n 12'i
23 Honokaa S Co it w
5 Makaweli S Co '. 2$ 00
5 Makaweli S Co 27 73
5 Makaweli S Co 27 50
31 j Market Street Railway 91 CO
. 50 Oceanfc S S Co 43 d)
65 Paa uhau S P Co 10 S7"4
Street—
J15.000 Los Angeles Lighting- 5s .102 B
STOCK AND BONI> EXCHANGE.
There was not much doing on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. There was only
one sale of Market-street Railway at $91; Ho
nokaa Sugar was strong at $11 12%, and there
were fair sales of Makawell at $27 37%@27 62%.
The oil stocks continued dull and featureless.
Business was quiet in the afternoon. Maka
weli sold up to $2S and down to J27 5ft. \u25a0 .
The Honfe Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of 7%c. payable on the 21st.
The assessment of 2c on West Lake Oil stock
was delinquent in office yesterday. Sale day,
November 5.
The followins were ex-dividend yesterday:
Contra Costa Water Company, regular
monthly. 42a per share, amounting to $20,
590 92. Port Costa Water Company, regular
monthly, 30c per share, amounting to $1504.
Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company, reg
ular monthly, 25c per share, amounting to
: $7300. Oakland, San Leandro and Haywards
Consolidated Railway Company, regular month
ly, 20c per share, amounting to $1800. Presi
dio Railroad Company, regrular monthly, 20c
per share, amounting to $2000. Bank of Cali
fornia, regular, quarterly, $4 per share, amount
ine to $S0.00O. at the rate of 16 per cent per
annum. California Safe Deposit and Trust
. Company, regular quarterly, $1 50 per share,
amounting to $15,000. at the rato of 6 per cent
per annum.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
has declared a dividend of 60c per share, pay
able on the 21st.
for fair washed, 10(g)llc for rood to prlm»
washed peaberry. 7%'&8%c for good to prime
semi- washed. S@8V4c for superior unwashed. 7*i
©So for good green unwashed. 8%®9c for gooa
to superior unwashed peaberry, 5Vi36'/ic for
common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— ll!&13c for prime to fancy washed.
S@10o for fair to strictly good washed. 7®7%o
for sood to superior unwashed. S^SS^c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 10%@13c for prime
to fancy washed, S\i<i[0Mc for strictly good
washed, 8®S%c for good washed. 7®8c for fair
washed. 6V>@7c for medium. 5@6%c for inferior
to ordinary. 9@10%c for good to prime washed
peaberry, 8@9c for good to prime unwashed
peaterry, 7Vi@"?4c for good to superior un
washed. . '' «£\u25a0\u25a0««
LEATHER-Sole, heavy. 2SS32C per lb: Sole
Leather, medium. 26@30c; Sole Leather, light.
25«a2Sc: Roush Leather, heavy. 27®2Sc ; Rough
Leather, light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
38@33c for No. 1 and 30<5?33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium. 30(337c; Harness Leather,
light. 23©3:c: Skirting. 36@40c; Collar Leather.
15® 16c per foot: Kip. unfinished. 40<g'o0c per lb;
Veal, finished, 16317c per foot; Belt *"»"«
Splits. 14@16c: Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. *26@:3 per ton; Stick.
J1SS20 per cord. ,, .
OILS-Callfomla Castor Oil. Jn cases. No. j.
70c; pure, Jl 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
74c; raw. 72c; cases. 5c more: Lucol. 64c for
boiled and fi2c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 8oc; cases. 90c.
China Nut. 65@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
In barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure, 6oc;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels. 37%c: cases. 42^ c j fl Coc °*;
nut Oil. barrels. 63%o for Ceylon and 58%c for
A COAL ia oiL-Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c; Star
20c; Extra Star. 24c: Elaine, 25c; Eocene. 22c:
deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15c; la
cases. 21%c: Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases.
20%c: 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases.
TURPENTINE— 58 J /ic per gallon la cases and
B2c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AXD WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%®
8c per lb; White Lead. 7U3Sc. accordins to
QI SALT-H. R. H.. J24 75 per ton In large sacks
and $22 50 in 50s. Liverpool. $21 23® 22 for the
best and $17 50@20 for lower grades. Hissini ,
' 2 QUK:KS P i e LTER-«6 50-S>47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and S40@45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Suzar Refining Com-
Dany ouotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Tubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed 4.90c; Pow
dered 4 73c Candy Granulated. 4.7oc: Dry
Granulated. 4.65c: Confectioners' A. 4-65c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (19Mb bags
onW? 4.43c: Magnolia A. 4.2oc; Extra C. 4.1oc:
Golden C, 4.05c; D. 3.95c; barrels. 10c more:
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
hags. 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos. half
barrels. 5.13c: boxes. 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist or
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. J1S@19 50; extra sizes. Redwood.
*19®20: Lath. 4 feet. $3 30@4: Picket^ J19:
Shmsles. ?2 for No. 1 and $1 .o for No. 2.
Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic.
$23@3L
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15.
Flour, or sks....- 23,S30|Hops, bales S1«
Wheat, ctls 86.090 Wool, ska 1,277
Barley, ctls 8,390 Raisins, bxs 500
Oats, ctls 4.610|-Wine. gals 5O.^'>
Beans, sks 11.062 Leather, rolls 123
Potatoes, sks 1, 255 1 Quicksilver, flsks 44
Onions, sks 268 Sugrar. ctls 16,174
Bran, sks 1,663 Tallow, ctls 22t
Middlings, sks... 210 ! Pelts, bdls 921
Hay. tons S00 ; Hides, No 1,277
Straw, tons 20"
OREGON.
Oats. ctls...r....< 3,620
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 4.6S4|Bran, sks 437
Oats, ctls >... 2.0001
THE SAN FKAISTCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
Continued on Page Thirteen,
CHICAGO, Oct. ' 15.— A ' moderate firmness
underlaid the wheat market, though It ruled
dull and narrow.' The best demand was in the
first half hour of business, when, under the
Influence of better Liverpool cables and de
creased Northwestern receipts, December sold
Vi@%c higher at 70%@70%c. This caused ' a
lresh awakening of the bullish spirit. that had
waned at the close yesterday. The advance,
however, enticed sellers' and December sagged
early to 70%c. Later there was news of some
fair exports and shorts covered until December
touched 71c. Then the market turned pro
foundly dull and wheat bought early began to
Chicago Grain Market.
Dlles of both, including the withdrawals from
cold storage, are ample for the demand. Cheese
stands the same as for several ™eks.
Receipts were 16.000 pounds of Butter. — —
pounds of Eastern Butter 492 cases of Eggs^fcO
cases Eastern Eggs. 11.200 pounds of California
Cheese and 20,000 pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER-Creamery, 28030c per lb for fancy
and 26@27%c for seconds; dairy. lS@2oc; store
Butter. 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub. 22%c.
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg. "OttO-P 6 *' 1^ M ,_-
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old. 10%?; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern, }*@l<?-
EGGS-Ranch. 3S@40c for "elected large, So
@37>/.c for good to choice and 32%@34c for fair;
store. 22®25c per dozen; cold storage. 21@25c:
Eastern, 1SQ24C.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Peaches are doing better. There Is now some
ecld-storase stock on the market. Plums, on
the contrary, are out of favor. The cooler
weather is operating against Melons, and they
are weak. Grapes are firmer under a good
demand. Choice Apples continue in light sup
ply, but there is a good deal of wormy stocK
lying around. _i_.j
Wine Grapes are lower, as receipts are mixed
with the second crop, which is deficient in
aome extra choice Oranges are bringing $5
per box. but the general run are about as Be
fore. There is no change in Lemons ana
m6S ' DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@65c for ordinary.
PLUMS— 35@50c per box: Prunes, none In.
PEACHES— 65c@U per box; Peaches in car
riers. S0c(g$L „ .
POMEGRANATES— 50@75c per small box.
PEARS— Winter Pears, 50c@$l 25 per box.
QUINCES— 40@60c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 90c@$l per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5if 6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4 7506 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $9 50 per barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 50@3 per box.
FIGS— 65c@?l per box for black and 50@60o for
white. „
MELONS— Nutmegs, 50@75c per box; Canta
loupes, 65c® $1 per crate; Watermelons, $5@1*
per 100
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater, 400
60c per box and crate; Tokay, 5a@80c: Muscat,
504*0c; Black, 50@80c; Isabella, 50@S5c; Corni
chon, 40c<g$l; Wine Grapes, $26@oO per ton for
Zinfandel and $25 for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 73c@$4 25; Lem
ons, $1@1 23 for common and $2@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $1@4; Mexican Limes,
fresh, $6 50@7 50; Bananas, 75c@$l 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@3. per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The situation stands about the " same. Rai
sins continue to move Eastward freely at the
low prices, but fruits are. dull. Some Prunes
are going fprward, but buyers are not disposed
to take very large lines, as the situation con
tinues unsettled. Nuts are inactive, except
Walnuts, which are in good demand. Honey
continues quiet at previous prices.
FRUITS— Apricots. "©S'/ic for Royals and 8@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 6<S7c; sun-dried. 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4®Sc; Plums, pitted.
3%@3c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for
red and 5y>@6%c for white; Figs, 3%@3V2C for
black. ' i
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 5%@5%c; 40-50's, 4%@5c: 50-60's. 4%@
4%«; 60-70's, 3%@4c; 70-SO's, 3}i@3%c; 80-90's, 2%
@3c; 90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $175; Lon
don layers — Three-crown, $1 35 ; Two-crown,
$1 25. Price per lb: Standard Ioo3e Muscatels —
Four-crown, 4%c; Three-crown, 4%c; Two
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels, 4%c; Seed
less Sultanas, o%c; Thompson Seedless, 6%c;
Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%c; choice. 7%c;
standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c. Bleached Thomp
sons — Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime. 6%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 9%c; No. 2,
7 1 /2c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds.
13@14c for papershell. 10@llc for softshell and
5t?6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pe
cans, ll@13c ; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10©
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
The local trade report Is slackening up In
the country demand, but the city and ship
ping business are keeping up very well. Prices
are rather weak on Hams, but steady on Ba
con and Lard. The Chicago market showed
more tone yesterday.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%o per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light medium, 14c for light,
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
\u25a0Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; California
Hams, 13%c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess. $12; Family, $12 50: Prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef.
14c per pound.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 7%<3Sc per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
12Uc: 10-lb tins, 12%c: 5-lb tins. 12%c; 3-lb tins.
13c. /
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, lOUc: one tierce, 10%c; two tierces.
10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops:
Wool is unchanged as to price. Good clips
are in demand, but defective grades are slow.
Buyers are indifferent and will not take the
defective grades until the good lots are all
cleaned up. Spring clips almost gone, only a
few defective lots being left, and another week
will probably see the last of them.
Hops are slow, buyers and sellers being apart
Jn their views. Prices remain without change.
The Hide market is strong, especially for
heavy salted stock.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c; Salted
Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf. 10®
10%c; Dry Hides. 16<@16%c: Culls. 14c; Dry Kip,
16c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands.' 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool,
4C@6Oc each; medium, 50@75c: long Wool. 90c@
$110 each; Horse . Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for
large and $2(32 25 for medium, $1 75 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large. $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins^ — Prime Angoras,
75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c. '
TALLOW— Refined. 6Uc; No. 1 rendered, 5®
5%c per lb: No. 2. 4@4%c; grease. 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine. 14@
15c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good. 9(3
lie; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin. 6%«gS%c; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9@llc; do. defective, 8@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 3@lCc for fair and ll®14c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The packers are all working on Hogs and
say that unless shippers rush them Into mar
ket as they did a week or two ago, no over
supply is feared. Prices stand the same. Beef,
Mutton and Veal are also quoted about as be
fore, supplies about balancing the demand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as fallows: *
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and SSSHc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7Vs@8%c; email. 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%<5?7c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound.
LAMB— 7@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under, 6c; over
230 Ib3, 5%@:.%c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars. 30 per cent off, and stags. 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%<§f9c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass. 7c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags
32(8 35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@Sc; Fruit Bags, 5»;@
6'/2C for cotton and 7@7%c for jute
CANNED FRUITS— Raspberries and 2%-lb
Cherries have been dropped from the list Ad
ples are 10c lower and White Heat 'Cliiv*-
Peaches' can be bought in 2«4-lb cans 5c lower*
Otherwise prices remain as before. The Cal u
fornia Fruit Canners quote as follows in 2iAlh
tius: Apples, $1 05®l 45: Apricots,' $lj?i so-
Peaches, yellow. $1 20@l 65; do. Lemon Clintr'
$1 30@l 75; Bartlett Pears, $1 25@1 75- Plum?'
90c@$l 25; Nectarines, $1®1 50; Muscat GraiW
95c@$l 35; Quinces. $1 10@l 55; StrawberWes'
$1 3001 75: Blackberries. $1 30@l 60 M leS#
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. S650- Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallscnd. $9; Co-operative Wallsend
$9; Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 fn
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $15- can
nel, $11 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions S8 43
brand 00 ** lt>S a " d ?8& ° per ton> acco?dln* to
CORDAGE-Pure Manila is higher.'' The local
cordage company quotes as follows: Pure Ma
nila. 14i,4e per lb; Sisal size, 11% C: Bale Ron.'
U@ll%c; Duplex. 10%c. Terms. 60 days or 1$L
per cent cash discount,. Lots ot 10.000 'lbs. lc
I PACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles. per lb 4tt^
cases, regular, 5c; • cases, extra large' 5«c :
cases, Eastern style. 6c; Boneless 6c- '"Nor
way." 6\ic: "Narrow Gauee," 6%c- ""'Sllvp.-
King," 7c: Blocks. 6%@7c; Tablets. 7%c- Mid
dles -'Golden State," 7c; Middles, "White
Seal." 8c; 5-lb boxes, Fancy Boneless 9c- 2-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless, 7%<gSc; Desiccated ner
dozen. 75c: Pickled Cod. barrels each' £\u25a0
Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each, $4 *'"-"• \u2666'•
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13ff*13%c " for strictlv
pri T^ to o /Q{i cy * Washe^ lo Vi0"He for prime
washed, 9@9%c for good washed, 9%@ll%c for
good to prime .wa3hed peaberry, . 8%@0%c for
fair to prime peaberry. 8@9%c for srood to
prime. 7S8c for fair. 5%@6%o for common to
ordinary.
Salvador— US)12%c for strictly prime washed.
SV401O>Ac for srood to prime washed. 7%i2SVic
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— FLOUR— Receipts,
30,411 barrels; exports, 8632 barrels; more ac
tive and higher; winter patents, $3 50@3 75;
winter straights, $3 30@3 40; Minnesota patents,
$3 65@3 85; winter, extras, $2 50@2 SO; winter
bakers, $2 9O<§/3 20; winter low grades, $2 300
2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 223,400 bushels; spot easy;
No. 2 red, 76%c I. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75@
75%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 77%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 hard Duluth, 78%c afloat.
Options opened firm and were higher for a
time on further adverse Argentine news, bull
ish cables, foreign buying and covering. Later
they yielded to realizing and closed, easy, %c
decline; May. 78%@79%c, closed at 7§&c; Octo
ber, 74%c; December closed at 76'^c.' ,
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL-Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair reflningr. 3 B-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c;
refined, <iuiet. / .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
6c; mild, steady; Cordova. 7%@llc. Futures
closed steady at» a net decline of 10 points:
total sales, 49,500 bags; October, $5 65; Novem
ber, $5 55; December, $5 60t5'5 60; January, $5 60;
March, $5 75@5 85; April, $5 90; May, $5 95@6;
September,, ?6 30.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9419 packages; firmer;
State dairy. 14@20c; creamery, 15@21%c; June
creamery, 15@21c; factory. 12%(§/15e.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,000 packages; steady;
Wertern candled, 21}£c; Western uncandled,
16221c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Business in the market for evaporated apples
was slow to-day. Only, a small trade was ap
parent and at old prices. The close was quiet.
State, common to good. 6@8c; prime, SVic;
choice, 9c; fancy, 9%c. California dried fruits
were inactive, but steady. Prunes, 3%@7c.
Apricots— Royal. 8%@13c; Moorpark. S@12c.
Peaches— Peeled. 11@18«; unpeeled 6@3%c.
New York Grain and Produce.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 7 5 9%
Closing 5 8 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat — " Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 20 80 2180
Closing 20 75 21" SO
Floar—
Opening 26 45 27 80
Closing 26 60 27 90
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes In available \u25a0 supplies
since last report:
Wheat, United States anS Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase. 1,937.000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, decrease, 400,000 bushels. Total
supply, increase, 1,537,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 625,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 425.000 bushels.
California Fruit Sales.
NEWT YORK. Oct. 15.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California, fruit to-day: " Grapes-
Tokays, . single crates, 95c@|l 60, average $133;
Muscats, single crates, 90c@?l 35, average $1 18;
Black Cornichon, single crates, average $1 55.
Peaches— Salways, boxes, 85@90c, average SSc.
Nine cars sold to-day. Dry and favorable
weather.
CHICAGO; Oct. 15.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes — Malaga,
single crates, 90c@$l 40, average $1 25; Emper
ors, single crates, average Jl 40; Tokays, single
| crates, 75c@$l 45, average $1; Black Cornichon,
I single crates, $1 25@1 45 average $1 20. Pears—
W. Nellis, boxes, $1 S0@2 30, average $2 21.
Prunes — Italians, single crates, 85c@$l 05, aver
age 96c. Eight cars sold. Favorable weather.
BOSTON. Oct. 15.— The Earl Fruit Company
to-day realized the . following prices at : their
auction sale of California" fruit:" Grapes—To
kay, single crates, average ?1 2S; Muscats, sin
gle crates, average 90c. Four cars sold here
to-day. Weather favorable.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 15.— The sales of Cal
ifornia fruit at auction here to-day by the
Earl Fruit Company realized the following
prices: Grapes — Cornichon, single crates, $150
@1 70, average 1157; Tokay, single crates, $125
@1 75. average $1 37; Tokay, clusters, single
crates, ?2 40@3 48, average $2 77. Three cars sold
here to-day. Pleasant weather.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Porter Bros, sold Cal
"lfornla fruit to-day: Salways, 40@50c,
average 42c; Tokays, single crates, $1 35@i 80,
average $1 60; double crates, ?2 65@3 90, aver
age $3 72; Muscats, $1 60@l 70, average $169;
Keifer. boxes, $1 75; half-boxes, $1@1 05, aver
age $1 03; Morocco, $1 S0@2 15. average Jl 88;
Clusters, $1 45@2 15, average $1 75; Cornichons,
$1 S0<§2 05, average $1 92; assorted, $1 10@2 10,
average $1 62. Nine cars sold to-day; weather
favorable. "
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sold California fruit to-day: Salways,
10#35c, average 21c; Vicar, half-boxes, 90c; Em
perors, $1 35@1 40, average $1 38; Bartletts, $2 So
@2 95, average $2 88; P. Barrys, $1 70@l 75, aver
age, fl 71; W. Nellis, $1 45@1 SO, average $1 65;
Quinces, $1 05@l 15; Tokays, $1 20@l 30. average
$1 24; Muscats, 75@95c, average 84c.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, 8000.
steady at Monday's prices. Good to prime
steers, none here, nominally $6 20@6 80; poor to
medium. $3 75@6; "stockers . and feeders, $2@
4 25; cowb and heifers, $1@5; canners', $2@2 25;
bulls, $1 75@"4 50; calves, $3@6 50; Texas steers,
$2 90@3 75; Western steers, $3 75@5 60.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
28,000; left over, 4000; 10@15c lower. Mixed and
butchers', $G@6 55; good to choice heavy, $6 20
@6 60; roueh heavy, $5 10@6; light, So 90@ 6 20;
bulk of sales, $o 75@6 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20.000. Active, steady.
Lambs, good to strong, 10c higher. Good to
choice wethers, $3 50@4; fair to choice mixed,
$3@3 50; Western sheep, $3@3 80; native lambs,
$3@5 25; Western lambs, $3 25@4 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Oct. 15.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1S38. Strong to 10c higher on good corn
beeves; others steady. Natives, $2 80@6 30;
Texas and Westerns. S2 65@5 SO; cows and
heifers, $1 50@5 10: bulls and stags, $2@5;
stockers and feeders. $1 50@4 30; yearlings an<!
calves, $3@4; veals, ?3ig6. ,
HOGS— Receipts, 5300. Generally 10c lower.
Pigs unchanged. • Light and light mixed, $5 90
@6 30; medium and heavy, $6 10@6 45; pigs, $5®
5 25: bulk of sales. $6 15@6 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6389. Steady to strong.
Lambs, 10c hizher. Lambs, $3 S5@4 70; sheep,
$3@3 50; ewes, $2 75@3 15. • .
Nciv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— The local market was
dull and without significant feature to-day. The
close found spot tin quoted at $24 90@25 15. At
London tin was 10s higher for spot at £115 15s
and" unchanged for futures at £108 5s. Copper
was without change locally and quoted at
$16 75<ga7 for Lake and $16 E0@16 62Va for cast
ing, while at London values declined 7s 6d for
spot to £64 10s and Is lower for futures at £63
10s, with a fair business executed. The produc
tion of copper during September in this coun
try amounted to 21,500 tons. Total production
since January 1, 199,626 tons.
Lead was Is 6d lower at London, with spot
quoetd at £11 12s 6d, while locally a dull and
unchanged market prevailed at $4 37%.
Spelter was in buyers' favor here, but un
changed at $4 25@4 50, and unchanged at Lon
don, spot closing at £17 2s 6d. •
Domestic iron markets were nominally steady
in tone. Pig iron warrants, .$3 60@10 50; No. 1 .
Northern foundry, $15@16; No. 2 foundry, South
ern, $14@15; No. 1 foundrj'. Southern, $14 50®
15 50;. No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, $14 6O@16.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 53s 9d and
Middlesboro closed at' 45s 6d.
New Yorjz Cotton Market.
. NEW YORK, • Oct. 15. — COTTON— Futures
closed steady at 8@11 points net lower.
• Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 15.— The position of the wool
market -is not materially different from last
week. The general demand is reported . quiet,
but prices are steady. Dealers say the situa
tion as a whole is in excellent position, as the
actual consumption of wool in this country was
never greater than it has been during the past
few months. Territory wools continue to head
the list of sales.
' Territory, scoured \u25a0 basis— Montana j fine, 15Q>
16c; scournd. 44@46c; "\u25a0 fine medium, 15@17c;
J scoured. 42<Zi'43c: staple, 16@18c; scoured, 46@4Sc.
Utah, Wyoming and Idaho— Fine, 14@15ci
scoured, 44@45c; fine medium, 14@15c; scoured,
40@43c"; staple, 16@17c; scoured, 4fi@47c. .
Australian, scoured basis— Spot prices: Comb
ing, superfine, 70@72c; super, 6S@70c; average
65rg>67c. • • \u25a0 -• . »<
Fine territory is quoted at 44@45c and fln«
medium at 4O@43c; fleece wools are quiet.
. . Foreign Markets. , ' i
LONDON. Oct. 15.— Consols. 83 7-16;, Silver,
NBW YORK. Oct. 15. — The movement of
prices _in to-day's stock market lacked coher
ency at all times. Opening weakness gave way
to a period of Btrength, which was met by
profit-taking, and the resulting reaction i was'
vigorously contested by aggressive manipula
tion of , Pennsylvania. The whole market fin
ally gave way to a weakness and closed at a
level lower than yesterday, net losses reaching
a point or ever In some -of the leading stocks.
The gnly aggressive force for a rise in the mar
ket was what might be called the formal invi
tation, issued by the arch-manipulator in the
Etreet, to the public to follow his leadership
in a speculation for a rise, with a suggestive
glance toward Southern Pacific as an available
market leader. This invitation made its ap
pearance in, circular form yesterday, with an
appropriate demonstration in the market fo
herald it. As the author has been associated in
the Wall-street mind with the organized sup
port of the United States Steel stocks, those
stocks shared in yesterday's demonstration, but
the sequence to-day was less convincing. South
ern Pacific, indeed, started off with a flurry,
and St. Paul made a preliminary advance of
IVi. Other stocks to respond were few and the
obvious fact that heavy realizing was going on
in the Pacific group of stocks and St. Paul
served still further to disincline the public to
accept the invitation to speculate. A move
ment in Pennsylvania which developed later,
and which carried the stock up 2 points, was
nominally based upon the heavy traffic move
ment over the company's lines, but the remem
brance of old associations of the author of the
invitation referred to with market movements
of this stock aroused a suspicion of a possible
connection en his part with the movement.
The buying was congested, but so also was the
selling, one brokerage house being credited
with sales of 20,000 shares. The last price of
the stock showed only a fractional remnant of
the extreme advance. Last week's enthusiasm
over the alleged plan of a proprietary company
to hold control of Great Northern preferred.
Northern Pacific, Burlington and the "release
of large amounts of tied-up capital" has en
tirely evaporated, as the release of this capital
is seen to be contingent upon the investing
public taking the minority portion of the pro
jected new company off the hands of the pro
jectors. The renewed heavy demand for cur
rency from the cotton centers was a disturb
ing factor in the late trading. There were
transfers through the Sub-Treasury of $500,000
to New Orleans and of .£300,000 to St. Louis. On
the other hand a rise in exchange at Chicago
to 10c premium marked the cessation of the
demand from that quarter. There were no pay
ments for bonds by the Sub-Treasury to-day,
the belated settlement of that account having
apparently been completed, and the Government
institution has withdrawn $1,500,000 from the
market since Friday. The downward tendency
in sterling exchange was checked and London
was a seller of stocks in th'.s market. There
was a somewhat feverish speculation in Amal
gamated Copper, which lifted the stock over a
point, then drove it down 3 points and left it
with a net loss of y*. Total sales, 717,100 shares
Railroad bonds were quite active and gener
ally firm. Total sales, par value $2,710 COO
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— sales High Low Close
Atchison 27,300 79% 78 77'4
Atchison pfd 5.100 S7% 96% 97 -
Baltimore & Ohio 5,300 103>4 102'A 10*
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 300 93% 93% 93%
Canadian Pacific 2,800 111H 110%, uou
Canada Southern ...". ™ svt
Chesapeake & Ohio 1.700 46 45>4 45-A
Chicago & Alton 2,000 37^ S6% 36-->i
Chicago & Alton pfd... 500 77% 77U 771?
Chi Ind & Louisville.... 300 41$ 41 41
Chi Ind & Louis pfd... ...„ .: . 72
Chi & East Illinois 300 129 12<" 1*0
Chi * Gt Western 600 22V4 22V4 22%
Chi & Gt Western A pfd 100 85 85 85
Chi & Gt Western B pfd 4314
Chi & Northwestern 300 136% I96U 190 "
C Rock Island & Pac. 300 143 142 141«
Chi Term & Trans 200 20% 20% 2094
Chi Term & Trans pfd.. 600 39 38>4 38U
CC«&St Louis 1,200 97% 97V4 96^
Colorado Southern 400 1ZM 13^4 mi
Colo Southern 1st pfd ".. * I]*
Colo Southern 2d pfd .- .. * 24U
Delaware & Hudson 1.000 166 165 165
Del Lacka wanna & W 223
Den & Rio Grande 100 45% 45% 45U
Den & Rio Grande pfd., 700 92% 92>4 9i-5i
Erie 12,700 42% 4l£ 41%
Erie 1st pfd 2.300 70^4 69% 69^
Erie 2d pfd 1,600 67 £6% bo£
Great Northern pfd.... 1,700 194^ 193 i92Vi
Hocking Valley 531?
Hocking Valley pfd.... 200 75 liu, 74S
Illinois Central 600 113% 145V4 145'i
Iowa Central 600, 40^4 40 40
Iowa Central pfd ...... 100 7SH 78V4 7714"
Lake Erie & Western.. 600 71 70% 69
Lake Erie & West pfd 125
Louisville & Nashville. 300 10» 103'i 103
Manhattan Elevated ... 1,300 120% 119% 119%
Met St Railway 12,200 159 156% 157%
Mexican. Central 600 24 23% 23%
Mexican National 4,400 13 14% 14%
Minn & St Louis 300 106 105 lObU
Missouri Pacific 14,100 96% 95% 95%
Missouri Kansas & Tex 20O 26% 26% 2b%
Misouri Kan & Tex pfd 51
New Jersey Central .... 600 162 162 161
New York Central 11,200 158% 156% 156U
Norfolk & Western 6,400 66 55V4 55V*
Norfolk & West pfd 88
Northern Pacific pfd... 500 98Vi 98% 97%
Ontario & Western 1,200 33% 33% 33U
Pennsylvania 83.300 147% 145% 146%
Reading 3,300 41% 40% 40%
Reading 1st pfd COD 76% 76% 76
Reading 2d pfd 9>X) 52% E2 61%
St Louis & San Fran... 600 42% 42% 42*4
St Lorna & S F 1st pfd " .... ..!; 77U
St Louis & S F 2d pfd. 600 68 67% 67$
St Louis Southwestern 28 "
St Louis Southwest pfd 1,600 57% 67 57%
St Paul 9,000 167% 164% 164%
St Paul pfd 200 1S8 1S7% 187
Southern Pacific 75,600 60% 59 59
Southern Railway 4,600 33% ZiVt 32>)i
Southern Ry pfd 500 J&i\<, 86% 86
Texas & Pacific 10O 40 40 38<A#
Tol S=t L & West 100 21% 21% 21
Tol St L &-West pfd 7 giii
Union Pacific 68,200 100% . S8% 9SU
Union Pacific prefd.... 300 88% 88% S7«i
Wabash ;. 2.400, 2(1% 20V1 20&
Wabesh prefd ; 6.000 \ 3S% ' 37% 37%
Wheel & Lake Erie • 100 \ 18 18 is
W & L Ei1e 2d prefd.. 100 29 23 28
Wisconsin Central 700 21% 21U 2114
Wisconsin Cent prefd... „ ..„ Jl
Express Companies —
Adams jjq
American .... 188
United States g 3
Wells-Kargo jjq
Miscellaneous—.
Amalgamated Copper... 62.S00 90% S7>4 8SVi
Amer Car & Foundry... 700 26 2514 2SV.
Amer Car & F prefd SCO SI 80% 80%
New York Stock Market.
The Weather and Crops.
The -weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop section of tho
weather bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature has been above normal In
nearly all sections during the week and In
the coaft and bay sections unusually high
temperatures prevailed on the 10th, 11th and |
12th. accompanied by light northerly winds.
No rain has fallen. Forest fires have caused
great damage in the vicinity of Pacific Grove
and Salinas, and many acres of grazing- land
have been destroyed by fires In the vicinity
<ji Fort Baker.
Grain thrashing Is practically completed, and
the heavy crop is being rapidly moved to mar
ket and storage. There are etill large quan
tities of hay unbaled in some sections, and
baling i£ progressing as rapidly as possible.
Orain and hay were but slightly damaged by
the recent rams. Bean harvest continues and
the yield is exceeding expectations in eome sec
tions. Sugar beets are going to the factories
in large quantities. Irrigation water is plenti
luL Plowing and seeding are progressing in
.•-\u25a0jrr.e gectioas.
Conditions have been very favorable for raisin
making., fruit drying and late grapes- In some
sections the firtt crop of wine era.pes is now
being gathered, and the second crop will prob
ably be later than usual in maturing; the yield
is reported below average. Apples are of ex
cellent quality and the yield is heavy in all
<iicu.ii.ts. "V\ alnut harvest is progressing.
Citrus iruits and olives are in excellent con
dition; shipments of oranges from Butte Coun
ty will commence about the 1st of November.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— The weather has
been exceedingly warm and dry durins the
week, the temperature averaging several Ue
erees above normal. Northerly winds have
I'rc vailed, but have caused no damage. The
conditions have been very favorable for late
crapes and fruit drying. Orchardists have com
menced pruning. Oranees and olives are in
cood condition and will mature earlier than
last year. Grain and hay are now moving
rapidly to market and storage. Plowing is
progressing and many farmers are seeding
eummer-fallowed land. Green feed has made
• coed start since the rains.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— Abnormally
tigh temperatures have prevailed In most sec
tions, accompanied by light northerly winds.
At Healdsburg the maximum temperature Sat
urday was 102 decrees. Late grapes, drying
fruits and vegetables have been greatly ben
efited by the warm weather. The second crop
of. wine grapes will be late in maturing and
•will be below average. The apple crop is re
ported heavy in most places. Citrus fruits
continue in excellent condition. Corn is ma
turing and Trill be a fair crop. Potatoes axe
\u25a0below average. Bean harvest is progressinj
rapidly. Heavy shipments of grain are belns
made by eteamers and rail. Thrashing is
nearly completed. There is a large quantity
of bay still unbaled in San Benito County.
Cattle are in good condition. Forest fires are
causing considerable damage in some sections.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— Clear weather
prevailed during the week, moderately cool
during the first part and quite warm the lat
ter. Conditions <Jurine the latter part of the
week were most favorable for fruit drying and
raisin making, and good progress was made
toward' securing the crop. Large shipments cf
jrrapes are being made to the wineries and
l.arvest of table grapes is progressing rapidly.
Borne prunes are still on the trays. Dried figs
*re being shipped. Egyptian corn is being cut.
Hay is being- rapidly put under shelter. Grain
la being held In warehouses. Large shipments
cf pweet pet* toes are being made. Stock of
*11 kinds is in excellent condition and there
Is plenty of water in the ditches. Plowing and
eeedlng are progressing In eome localities, but
e«nerally farmers are waiting for rain. Some
Of the first sown wheat is coming up rapidly.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Generally clear
\u25a0weather has prevailed during the week, with
heavy foRf. along the coast nights and morn
ings. Conditions have been favorable for raisin
making and late croDS. The tomato croD is
heavy and of eood quality. Citrus fruits con
tinue in rood condition. Walnut picking is
r>rogressing.- Bean harvest has commenced in
Ventura County and the crop is reported much
better than expected. The corn crop Is about
average. Late grain thrashing Is progressing
In the extreme south
EUREKA SUMMARY.— The weather con
tinues favorable for crop and farm work. New
prafis is two inches high; volunteer oats are
doing well. Harvesting of potatoes has begun;
fall plowing is making good progress.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Warmer week,
•v.-ith some dryinjr north -wind in the interior.
He*vy foes alone the coast benefited vege
tables, but retarded bean thrashing and raisia
drying. Oranges are cracking some.
Weather Report. '
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct; 15—5 p. m.
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
flate. as compared with thoce of came date
lart rtason. and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours: .
_ ' Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
52-ureka 0.00 4.29 2 65
Red Bluff 0.00 1.93 j'os
Sacramerto 0.00 0.06 0 CS
6an Francisco 0.00 0.82 l'u
Fresno 0.00 0.57 043
Independence 0.00 0 77 0 84
San Luie Obispo 0.00 0.23 131
Los Angeles 0.00 0.12 0*23
6an Diego 0.00 0.06 o!lO
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
CS; minimum, 50; mean, S4.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations-
Boston, C2-50; Cincinnati, 60-50; Wa«hinglon
t2-38; Jacksonville. "4-00; New York, £2-50- Kan'
«ses City, 60-46; Omaha. 62-41; Salt Lake City
74-44; Duluth. £0-40; Chicago, 52-40; St. Louis'
1,6-44 ; Philadelphia, 60-50. '
- THE COAST RECORD.
8TATI0XS. | If If 4 "If I
f S : I : 3 p.§ |" |
Astoria 30.10 CO 54 W Cloudy w>
Baker «.... ...30.08 72 48 NW Clear "o.'i
Carson S0.06 78 36 NW Clear .00
Eureka 30.08 56 M N Cloudy ot
Fresno 23.S0 94 58 NAV Clear OM
riagftaff 30.1« 72 CO W Clear .0u
Pocatello. Idaho.. .30.08 70 42 SW Clear .00
Independence 29.82 80 11 SE Clear 00
J-os Angeles 2S».S6 70 52 W Clear .Ofi
J'hocnlx.: ..29.88 SG E6 S Clear CO
Portland.... 30.06 70 4S XV Clear AM
Red Bluff 29.94 88 58 N Clear ' 00
Roseburg.. 30.01 68 52 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 23.96 S4 SO S Clear Oti
Bfelt Lake 30.08 72 44 NW Cltar .00
Ean Francisco. .....33.O4 5S 52 W Clear «0
San Luis Obispo.. .30. 02 CS 44 JTW Clear .00
San Diego ...2H.96 64 58 NW Clear .CO
Seattle 20.12 58 44 W Clear .03
Spokane 30.14 70 38 NE Clear : ' ".00
JCeahBay..... 30.14 E0 48 S Cloudy .00
Walla Walla 30.10 74 48 NW Clear -.CO
Wnnemucca 30.12 78 28 KE Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.84 ?6 58 W Clear .00
, Temperature et 7 a. m.. 12 degrees.
LEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. '
There haB b*-en but little change In pressure
Curing the past twelve hours over the country
vest of the Rocky Mountains. Fog prevails
alona: the coast, and the temperature has fallen
from 2 to 12 degrees. In the great valleys the
weather etill continued favorable for raisin
making and fruit drying.
Forecast made at San Francieco for thirty
houn* ending midnight October 16:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday with
fog along the coast; light northerly winds in
th- interior; fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday with
fog along- the coast in the morning; light north
erly winds inland; fresh westerly winds on the
coast.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; light northerly
winds..
Sen Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday
with foe In the morning; fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
• Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver Is firmer. New York Exchange has ad
vanced, and Sterling Exchange also shows frac
tional variations.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $492,912,
consisting of $335,462 in Mexican dollars, $950 in
gold coin and $156,500 in silver bullion.
The steamer Sonoma, just In from Sydney,
brings 500,000 sovereigns, eqral to 12,434,300 In
American gold. This makes total receipts from '
this source thus far this year $10,224,060, against
$17,104,364 for the same time last year.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Evchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
i New York Exchange, telegraphic — '10
Silver, per ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 0 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
%
WHEAT FREIGTHS-The spot market is
quiet and easy at about 36s 3d, usual options.
The chartered wheat fleet in port ' has a regis
tered tonnage of 74,868, against 40,594 tons on
the same date last year; disengaged, 15,26-Mons,
against 1608; on the way to this port, 205,792
tons, against 146,000.
"WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures were
both higher. Broomhall cabled that the Indian
and Argentine crop advices were more unfavor
able. Further rains are needed in the Argen
tine, and the present outlook is for a yield 25
per cent less than last year, notwithstanding
the increased acreage. Another authority,
however, wires from.Rosarla, saying that there
has been no actual damage In that province,
and that the weather has turned cooler, with
indications of rain. Bradstreet's reported the
world's visible supply as follows: East of the
Rockies, an increase of 1,937,000 bushels; Eu
rope and afloat, a decrease of 400,000; net in
crease, 1,537,000 bushels.
Chicago was firmer on the better foreign ad
vices, and the market was active, but holders
sold freely. St. Louis exporters reported an
increase in the bids from Germany.
This market was steady on the spot, and
somewhat firmer in futures. •
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; milling, 98%c@
$1 02% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
$102%. December— 6000, 97%c. -
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, $1 02%. De
cember— 4000, 97%c; 4000, 97%c.
Regular Morning Session — December — 12,000
ctls,' 97%c. May— 2000, $1 02%.
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls, 97%c;
May— 4C0O. $102%; 2C0O, $1 C2%.
BARLEY— Dealers reported a slight improve
ment in the demand, at unchanged prices.
Feed, 72%@73%c for choice bright, 70@71%c
for No. 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@
51 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morninsr Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The newest thing in this market Is the
reduction of the railroad rate from here to
Texas from 90c to 60c per ctl. The local trade
have been tryins to secure this rate for some
time, and now that it has been given, there
will be o.uite a movement of Oats from this
State to the other, where there is a demand for
seed. The market rules firm, and the demand is
very fair, though irregular, being active one
day and dull the next. Offerings are ample for
all needs.
1 Grays, $1@1 20; whites, $1 13@1 30; black, $1®
1 20, and red. $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
\ CORN— There is nothing- new, either here or
at Chicago. The market is quiet everywhere,
and the feeling is easy. There is very little
coming from the East at present. •
Eastern is quoted to arrive In bulk at $1 62%
for White, $1 52% for Yellow and $1 57%@1 60
for mixed.
RYE— 75@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
@4 25;' Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. ?3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The Hay market Is still firm, and now and
then a car of extra fine brings 60c over the
quotations. The demand ' is very good. Bran,
Middlings and the other Feedstuffs remain as
previously quoted.
BRAN— $20@20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 50@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; Jobbing,
$28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20*5*21; Corn Meal,
$34@34 50; Cracked Corn, $31 50@35; Mixed Feed.
$18@19.
HAY— Wheat. $S@11; Choice. $11 50; Wheat
and Oat. $7 50@10 50; Oat, $8@10; Barley and
Oat, $7@9; Alfalfa, $8@10 50; Clover, $5 50@7;
Volunteer, $5@8; Stock, $5(§-7 per ton. '
STRAW— 30@45c per bale. *
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Beans were heavy, being 11,062
sacks. The feeling remained the same, white
descriptions being very weak, and colored fairly
steady. Changes Jn quotations were narrow and
unimportant.
There is nothing doing in Seeds worthy of
note, and quotations are largely nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 50; Small White, $3 40
@3 50; Large White, $2 25@2 50; Pea, $3@4;
Pink, $2 40@2 50; Red, $ ; Blackeye, $3 25'$
3 60; Limas. ?4 50@4 85; Red Kidney, $3 75 per
ctl.
- SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustard. $3 35@3 50; Flax,. $2 65<§3 25; Canary.
3Vi@3V4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rapt,
lVi@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@1 90; Green, $1 73
@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Quotations for Potatoes and Onions have
shown litle change lately, as the arlvals about
balance' the demand.
The upward tendency in the eummer Vege
tables continues, as supplies are steadily de
creasing. Corn in sacks Is disappearing.
POTATOES — 50@75c in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 35;
River Reds, $1 45@1 60; Sweets, 37%@45c for
Rivers and 75@85c for Merced.
ONIONS— Sl@l 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60®
75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, ligSc for Gar
den; String Beans, 2@3%c; Limas, 3@3%c; Cab
bage, 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes from the river,
; from Alameda, 25@40c; Dried Peppers, 10@
12%c; Green Okra, 50®85c per box; Carrots, 25<Ji)
35c per sack; Cucumbers. 30@40c; Pickles, 2%<£.
3c per lb for. small and l@l%c for large; Garlic,
2@2%c; Green Peppers, 40@50c per box for Chile
and 40@50c for Bell; Egg Plant, 30@C0c per box;
Green Corn,, Alameda, 75c@$l per crate; Berke
ley, 75c; Summer Squash, 35<g>50c; Marrowfat
Squash, $6@8 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $20.
Poultry and Game.
The demand for Poultry is light and the mar
ket is weak, with plenty of stock here. Young
fowl are particularly cheap. Two cars came
in from the East, making four for the week.
Arrivals of- Game were 55 sacks. The condi
tion of birds is better than for a week or so.
owing to the change in. the weather, and there
is more. uniformity in prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@16o for Gob
blers and ll@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50
@1 75; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $3@3 50 for
old and ?3 50@4 50 for young; Hens, $3@4 50;
young Roosters. $3 50@4; old Roosters, $3 50@l; I
Fryers, $3 50; Broilers. $3@3 25 for large and »
$2 60@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for"
old and $1 75@2 for Squabs. \u25a0 \u25a0 . :
GAME — Doves, per dozen, Jl 25; Hare, $1®
1 25; Rabbits. $1 25(gl 50 for Cottontail and $1
for Brush; Mallard, $4@5; Canvasback, $i@5;
Sprig, $1 50@2 50; Teal, $1 25<&7; Widgeon. $150
@2; Small Ducks, $1@1 50; Btack Jacks, ;
English Snipe. $2; Jack . Snipe, $1 50; Gray
Geese, $3@3 50. ,"
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. .
* Dealers continue to' quote a dragging market
for both Butter and "Eggs, though the latter'
are relatively steadier than the former. Sud-
Shipment of $492,912 to China.
Silver and New York Exchange higher.
Wheat futures steadier. Ratlicr more inquiry for Barley.
Railroads give a reduced rate on Oats to Texas.
Corn and Rye continue dull and unchanged.
Hay firm and moving off briskly. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans continue unsettled and generally weak. Seeds nominal.
Butter and Eggs dragging somezvhat. Cheese steady.
Raisitis and Walnuts selling well. Other Fruits and Nuts dull.
Country demand for Provisions falling off somrtvhat.
Wool steady, with a fair demand for the best clips.
Hops dull, with buyers and sellers apart.
Hogs in fair supply and unchanged. Other Meats as before.
Hides in good shape for sellers.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Poultry weak and plentiful. • Game steady.
Fresh Fruits in decreasing receipt and steadier.
Manila Cordage marked up.
Arrival of $2,434,300 in gold from Sydney.
Business light on the local stock boards.
Amer Linseed Oil 13
Amer Lin Oil prefd ' 45
Amer S & Ref 3,900 41% 43% 43'A
Amer S & Ref prefd.... 500 97% 07 97
Anaconda, Mining Co.... l.SOO 36?i 36 36%
BrooklynTUpid Transit. 8,200 6Ui £9% 69%
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 300 93VA 93 82%
Consolidated Gas 400 219% 218 21S
Con Tobacco prefd 200 116 115% 115
General Electric 500 25S% 257 256
Glucose Sugar 8,200 46T* 40 40%
International Paper 100 23 23 2'%
Inter Paper prefd 200 78% 7S»,i 7S%
International rower 200 89Vi 88% SS'i
Laclede Gas * .... $\
National Biscuit 100 42 42 " 42
National Lead is«
National Salt 100 31% 31% 31
National Salt prefd 100 63% 63% 63%
North American S00 9S% 98 93
Pacific Coast 63
Pacific Mail 6,100 45% 44% 45
Peoples Gas 1,300 106% 1C6 105%
Pressed Steel Car * .... 39
Pressed Steel Car prefd. 700 79% 79V4 78
Pullman Palace -Car 400 220% 218 220%.
Republic Steel 300 15% 13 14%
Republic Steel prefd.... 700 67 65 ' 66
Sugar 12.S0O 119% 117% 117
Tenn Coal & Iron 1,900 62 60% 60%
U S Leather 800 12>4 11% 12
U S Leather prefd 100 80^4 S0% £0%
U S Rubber 100 15% 15% 15
U S Rubber prefd 60
U 8 Steel 21,900 44 43% 43%
U S Steel prefd. ex-dlv. 10.100 93% S2% 92%
Western Union 900 91% 91% 91%
Total shares sold.... 717, 100
CLOSING BONDS.
U S rer 2s reg 109 Hocking Val 4%s..lO6%
Do ref 2s coup.. ..109 L & N Unl 4s 101%
Do 3s reg 107% Mex Cent 4s 84
Do 2a coup 108 Do 1st Inc 31%
Do new 4s reg, ex Minn & St L 4s. ...103
lnt 138 M K & T 4s 98%
Do new 4s coup. .139 Do 2ds 80
Do old 4s reg 112 N T Cent lsts 105%
Do old 4s coup. ..112 Do gen 3%s 109%
,Do Cs res. ex Int. 106% N J Cent Ren 5s.. 131
Do Ea coup 107% Northern Pao 4s... 104%
Atchison gen 4s....lO3Vi Do 3s 72%
Do adj 4s 97V4 N & W con 4s ;102%
B & O 4s 102 Reading Gen 4s.... 96%
Do 3%s 95% St L & I M con 5s. 113%
Do conv 4s 106% St 1- & S F 4s...... 95
Canada Sou 2ds 108 St L S'west lsts... 98%
Cent of Ga 5s 106% Do 2ds 78%
Do 1st Inc 72 S An & Ar Pass 4s. 85%
Ches & Ohio 4%8...107% Southern Pac 4s... 92%
Chic & Alton 3%s.. 85 Southern Ry 6s 118V1
C B & Q new 4s*. 97% Tex & Pac lsts....HS%
C M & St P gen 4s. 110 Tol St L & W 4s.. 81
C &. N c<v.I 7s 139% Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I & P 4s 106% Do conv 4s 106%
CCC & St L gen 4s. 103% Wabash lsts 119%
Chic Term 4s 93% Do 2ds 110
Colorado Sou 4s.... 8SV 2 Do Deb B 5S%
D & R G 4s 102% West Shore 4s 113 I
Erie prior lien 4s.. 98 W & L E 4s 90%
Do Gen 4s S8 Wis Cent 4s S8
F W & D C lsts. ..103% Con Tob 4s 63
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15 Little Chief 11
Alice 45 Ontario 10 50
Breece 1 40 Ophir 68
Brunswick Con ... C7 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosi . 06
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Ravage 07
Deadwood Terra... 50; Sierra Nevada 11
Horn Silver 1 SO Small Hopes 40
LeadvlUe Con 06 Standard 3 85
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |Old Dominion 27%
Call loans 3%@4%:Rubber 15
Time loans 4@5 Union Pac 98%
Stocks— West End 93
Atch Top & S F... 78 Westnghouse. Elec. 71%
Do pfd 97 Mining Shares —
Am Sugar 117 Adventure 24%
Am Telephone 157 Blngham Mng Co.. 30
Boston & Albany.. 244 Amal Copper 88
Boston Elevated... 167 Atlantic '. 36%
Boston & Maine. ..193 Calumet & HecIa..680
Dominion Coal ... 48% Franklin 17%
Do pfd 117% Osceola 101%
U S Steel 43% Parrot S9U
Do pfd 92% Qulncy 162
Gen Electrlo- 25S Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Ed Elec 111. ex dlv.135 Tamarack 290
I Mexican Cent 23% Utah Mining 23%
I N E Gas & Coke.. 5Vi Winona 2V>
Old Colony 206% Wolverines 61
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The Etock market to-day was quiet, but was
encouraged by the war news, particularly the
I rumor that General Botha had been captured,
! although the report is apparently unfounded:
Investment issues were in demand on cheap
money conditions, although Paris exchange re
mains at 25.12. which is near the gold im
port Doint. Austria is still a keen buyer of
the metal, and this is also the season when
New York takes cold.
American stocks were more- active, closing
at the top on New York support. London
i would like to put the market up, but is afraid
j to take the initiative. Your correspondent is
privately informed that the steel syndicate
finished unloading last week.
Money on call ruled steady and discounts
are 2% on the low Paris exchange rate and
the sale of £180,000 in gold coin. The Bank of
England has engaeed £10,000 gold in South
America.
The White Star line gives unqualified contra
diction of the renewed rumor thaf Morgan
interests are acquiring control.
I CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 15. — Anaconda. 7% ; Atchison,
51*4; Atchison preferred. 99%; Canadian Paci-
I flc, 113%; Denver and Rio Grande, 36%; Den
ver and Rio Grande preferred, 95%; Northern
Pacific preferred, 101%: Southern Pacific, 62V4:
Union Pacific," 102% ; Union Pacific preferred,
90%. Bar silver, dull, 26 9-16d ,per ounce;
money, 1@1% per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct 15.— Close— Money on call
was steady at 3@3% per cent; last loan, 3 per
cent.
• Prime mercantile paper — 1%®5 per cent.
Sterling exchange was steady, with actual
business In bankers' bolls at $4 85%@4 85% for
demand and at $4 83% for sixty days.
Posted rates— $4 S4%@4 S5 and $4 87.
Commercial bills— $4 83@4 £3%.
Bar silver — 57,%c.
Mexican dollars — loUc
Bonds— Governments, steady; States, inac
tice; railroads, firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $167,708,216; gold, $100,022,714.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 15.— WHEAT— Half a cent
higher; blue stem. 54c; club, 55c.
PORTLAND. Oct. 15.— WHEAT- Walla
\u25a0Walla. E4@54%c; valley, 54%c; blue stem. 65c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Oct. 13.-Clearinffs. J5C3.661; bal
ances. $33,933.
Portland's Business.
26 9-16d; French Rentes, lOOf 40c; wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes of
No. 1 Standard California. 28s 4%d; cargoes of
Walla Walla, 27s 6d; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 15.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, 5s 8d; wheat in Paris,
steady; flour in Paris, steady; French country
markets, dull; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 5d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
come out again. December closed barely steady,
He lower, at 70%c, having sold even a shade
lower.
Com acted strong throughout the day,
though, like wheat, the market was dull and
narrow. December closed steady, 'a shade
higher, at DG'/fcf^EeijsC.
Trade in- oats was dull. December closed
cteady, a shade higher, at 35V&C.
Provisions had another day of dragging-mar
kets. Hog receipts were only moderate, but
the quality was poor, and prices were lower,
thus bringing an early slump in the prices of
products. There was more feeling than has
characterized the market for some time, but
the demand from the shorts kept prices about
steady. January pork closed 7'/4c lower, lard
5c down and ribs 2>*>@5c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
October 69% • 69H 69V6 69%
December 70% 71 70Vi 70%
May 74ii 74^ 73% 73%
Corn No. 2— •
October 55^ 5fti 55 55^4
December 56% 66% 66% 66%
May 5S % 58% * 58V4 53%
Oats No. 2 —
October 34^ 34^4 3414 34%
December 35% 35% 35 35*4
May 371/4 37% 37ft , 37V*
Mess Pork, per. barrel— 1
October 13 60
January ...15 05% 15 02% 14 90 15 00
May 15 07V*. 15 10 15 00 15 10
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 9 37V2 9 37^4 9 32^ 9 35
November 9 27V- 9 30 9 22V4 9 25
January 8 95 ". 8 97% 8 92% 8 97%
May .8 95 - 8 87% 8 95 8 97%
Short , Ribs, per 100 pounds — ' .
October /. 8 20
January 7 82y, 7 85 7 77% 7 85
May :.... 7 87% 7 92% 7 87% 7 92%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 68%@69%c;
No. 2 red, 70%@71%c; No. 2 oats, 35%c; No. 2
white, 37%.@3S%c; No. 3 white, 37%@38Hc; No. 2
rye, 55%c; fair to choice malting barley, 54@58c;
No. 1 flax seed, $1 47; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 48;
prime timothy seed $i55@5 65; mess pork, per
barrel, $13 65@13 70; lard, per 100 lbs, $9 37%@
9 40; short ribs sides (loose), $8 15@8 30; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear
sides (boxed), $8 70@8 SO.
Articles— \u25a0 Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, .barrels 36,000 12.000
Wheat, bushels 283,000 , 37,000
Corn, bushels 308,000 . 96,000
Oats, bushels 345,000 291,000
Rye, bushels 18.000 . 1.000
Barley, bushels ..;. 120,000 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy. .Creameries, H@21c; Dairies,
13@l9c. Cheese, steady, 9&@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 17%@18c.
10
AUCTION SALES
JUST ARRIVED. fe>
Carload gentle business horses.
OCCIDENTAL. HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.The second division of the Naval Militia
last night elected Percival Dolman to the
vacant lieutenancy. He was nominated
by Thomas Harlow and was chosen with
out opposition. Lieutenant Kammerer
presided. The new lieutenant was for
merly a major in the battalion of Univer
sity Cadets.
Elected a Naval -Lieutenant.
: in writing from New York an official of
one of the 'prominent English railways,
who rode on the Pennsylvania limited',
says: "I had a most p'.easant journey
from Chicago to New York. Your train
lar surpasses anything we aspire to in
England."
• The famous Pennsylvania limited de
parts from Chicago union station every
day at 5:20 p. m. on its twenty-four-hour
run to New York. Special Information
regarding the superior transportation fa
cilities offered by the Pennsylvania short
lines can be obtained by addressing A. S
J. Holt," Pacific Coast Agent, 30 Montgom
ery street, San Francisco. •
The Pennsylvania Limited.
Kaston, Edridge & Co. held an auction
yesterday. The prices reported are as fol
lows:
Lot 43:9x137:6, with two-story house of
seven rooms and bath, two flats of five
rooms and bath each and a. rear house of
five room-s, at Nos. 1220 and 1222 Vallejo
street, east from Hyde, $6290; two build
ing lots on the north line of Twenty-third
street, ninety-two feet east from Guer
rero, 58x114, S5000: house of eiq-ht rooms
and bath on the north line of Page street,
No. 824, with lot 25x137:6 feet- $5250. subject
to approval; lot 43: r Jxl27:S feet on the south
line of McAllister street, with five-room
cottage. $3900; lot 25x114 and cottage on
the south line of Jersey street, S5 feet east
from Castro, $1950.
Lots and Houses Sold.
BERKELEY. Oct. 15.— Dudley Saeltzer,
quarterback on the freshman eleven, has
been appointed captain of bis team by tho
California coaches in accordance with the
usual custom, v Saeltzer made a reputa
tion as a player during the Academic Ath
letic League series of 189D and 1900. Dur
ing the former year he played with the
Belmont School, and during the latter
with the Berkeley High School. He is a
light man, but quick at play.
To Captain Freshman Eleven.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15.-L!censes to marry
were issued to-day to Frederick Chester,
aged over 21 years, and Jessie Kelsey,
over 18, both of Oakland; Charles L. A.
Samuel, 28, San Francisco, and Maria del
Carmen Unda, 37. West Berkeley; Conrad
R. Schaffer, 22, Berkeley, and Jennie A.
Schelin, 21, Oakland; John R. Oakley, 21,
and Anney H. Heywood, 13, both of
Berkeley; Clarence Duffy, 29, San Fran
cisco, and Blanche Berryl, 18, Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15,-The trial of
Charles G. Adams for insanity will take
place Thursday morning In Judge Mel
vln's court before a jury. The District
Attorney expects to produce enough evi
dence to prevail upon the jury that Ad
ams should be confined. Adams asked
Jailer Taylor of the County Jail to-day
for the return of the pistol with which he
shot Dr. Jessup.
Adams Wants His Pistol Sack.
Charges Husband With. Desertion.
Nellie Turnbull eomir-pnced suit for di
vorce yesterday against her husband,
Walter Turnbull Jr., on the grounds of de
sertion and failure to provide. She also
asks fcr permission 10 resume her maiden
name. Nellie Hoyt. The couple were mar-
i/os Angeles Wins a Prize.
BUFFALO. Oct. 15.— A supplementary
list of awards issued to-day by the jury
of awards of the Pan-American Exposi
tion includes the "Los Angeles County
(California) collective exhibit as a gold
medal winner.
\u25a0 The> house of Ray A. Brayman, 254 Noe.
street, was entered by a burglar yesterday
morning about 7 o'clock and $175 and four
teen watches were stolen. Mr. Brayman
conducts a jewelry store at 3559 Sixteenth
street^ ;
Jeweler's House Robbed.
The first of a series of three lectures on
"The Art of the Orient" was given yes
terday afternoon in the parlors of the
First Unitarian Church by Ernest F.
Fenellosa. The lectures are to be given
under the auspices, of the Channing- Auxil
iary and the ladles of the auxiliary have
been fortunate in securing the services of
Mr. Fenellosa, who In one o; the world's
most distinguished authorities on Oriental
art.
"The Early Arts of India, China and
Japan" was the department of the sub
ject chosen by the lecturer for his first
talk. In a clear, brilliant, concise and yet
comprehensive fashion he traced the con
nection between the arts of Greece, Baby
lon, India, China, Korea and Japan;
the reaction of one upon 'another and tho
varied racial, religious and other in
fluences that have been brought to bear
upon their formulation. Tho lecture was
illustrated by stereopticon views, in which
were included photographs of ancient
Babylonian bronzes; the statuary of
Northern India that was immediately in
fluenced thereby; the Indo-Chinese edition
of Buddhistic art; the native Korean
geniug, with the Babylonian, Chinese and
Indian impulse superadded, and the last
link in the chain— Japan, with all the
other influences superimporesd upon a
fruitful soil and flowering- into the high
est form of the art. A large audience
listened to the lecture and warmly ap
plauded the brilliant lecturer at its clo3e.
The second lecture will take place Satur
day afternoon next at 2 o'clock. The sub
ject is "The Landscape Art and Poetry of
Medieval China."
Lecture- on the Art of the Orient.
Seventh National Will Reopen.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— It was decided
to-day at a meeting of the stockholders
of the Seventh National Bank to resume
business about November 1 and to con
tinue the name of the corporation as the
Seventh .National Bank.
Record Price for Two-Year-Old.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— R. S. Slever's crack
bay colt. Duke of Westminster, by Orme,
out of Gauntlet, has been purchased by
G. Faber for £21,000, the record price for
a two-year-old.
Masso Will Be a Candidate.
HAVANA. Oct. 15.— The friends of Gen
eral Bartholomew Masso announce that
he has consented to be a candidate for
the Vice Presidency of Cuba.
Kaiser Honors von Waldersee.
BERLIN, Oct. 15.— Emperor William
has conferred on Field Marshal Count
von Walderaee the order of pour la mer
ite, with oak leaves. •»
RELATIVES OE EVA CRAIG
FIGHTING FOR HER ESTATE
£ieek to Break a Will in Which She
Bequeathed Her Property
-to W. Bodwell.
The trial of suit commenced to prevent
the probating of the will of Eva J. Craig,
who left her property to W. Bodwell, was
begun in Judge Coffey's court yesterday.
A deposition made by Bodwell was read
in support of his claims. In the deposi
tion Bodwell sets forth that for a num
ber of years he and the deceased had
lived together as husband and wife, and
that during that time he had given to
her every cent he earned. It also set
forth that Bodwell at one time suspected
thaf the woman had killed their child,
but later he learned that it had been
placed in a foundling asylum.
Several witnesses wero examined and
their testimony supported the claim made
by Bodwell.
Suits for divorce were granted yester
day es follows: Laurena M. Mclntjrre
from John B. Mclntyre. desertion; John
D. Campbell from Harriet *L<. Campbell,
desertion; Ellen Jackson from Thomas R
Jackson, crusty: Maud Adeline Monks
from Samuel Monks.
The following- retr ?uits for divorce
\u25a0were filed: John Galindo against Amelia
Rea Galindo. o>p.>rtion; Annie Johnson
epeinM Harry Jchr.son, failure to pro
vide; Lauretta EL Allen against Fred E.
Allen, failure to provide.
Divcrce Proceedings.
MERKEL. Texas, Oct. 15.— Fire to-day
destroyed the business houses and stock
of T. J. Warren, Fitts & Smith Stave Co.,
Davis & Wood. J. R. McAdams. A. J.
Hill, A. J. Lennox, the Merkel Mail
(newspaper) and the telephone exchange.
The total loss is J80.000.
Disastrous Blaze in Texas.
LIVERMORE, Oct. ID.— As the result of
a drunken row Edward Alneco, an Indian
employed on the True vineyard, was fa
tally stabbed Sunday afternoon by an In
dian woman named Mrs. Antonie Santa.
Alneco and the Santa woman quarreled
over a bottle of beer while both were un
der the influence of liquor, and the woman
got the worst of it. Later in the day she
revenged herself by attacking Alneco at
the door of his cabin with a peeling knife.
Before he could escape from her the
woman had stabbed him twice in tho
stomach, inflicting fatal wounds. The
wounded man lay all night in his cabin
before medical assistance was summoned,
and when a physician was called in to
day he pronounced Alneco beyond hope of
recovery.
The authorities were not notified of the
cutting until to-day, when they arrested
the woman. She shows no remorse for
her crime. She is a widow.
Mrs. Antonie Santa Fatally Stabs Ed
ward Alneco After a Row Over
Bottle of Beer.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 15.— The Philadelphia
arrived off Coronado to-day and landed
the San Diego Naval Reserves, -who .have
been having their annual practice cruiso
on the cruiser. The Philadelphia thea
sailed for San Francisco.
The Philadelphia Returning-.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 15.— Amos L. Neff.'a
pioneer resident of Mountain View, and
who is said to have built the first house
in that town, committed suicide there this
afternoon by taking poison. No cause is'
known. He was a native of Canada, aged
63 years.
Pioneer Ends His Life.
INDIAN "WOMAN BEVBNGES
HERSELF WITH KNIFE
For Hongkong—Lieutenant A. C. Allen. Mrs.
A. C. Allen. Infant and maid, Mrs. Major W.
H. Anderson and Infant, Miss S. M. Barstow,
Miss A. E. Baskerville, P. V. Busch, Miss I.
Casson, S. C. French. S. Gelat, F. H. God
dard A. T. Goehr. Consul General Leon Guis
lain.' Mr3. Leon Gulslaln, Roger Guislaln. Paul
Guisland, Mies Marie Louise Gulslain, Miss
Pierre Guislaln, Mrs.*!. L. Hartigan and three
children, George Hayes, Miss H. Hlrsch, E.
A. Houseman. Major J. O. Hutchlnson, Mrs.
M. H. Kerfoot, W. S. Kincb, Mr». W. S.
Klnch. K. H. Knox. Mrs. A. M. T. Lowry.
R. Lyons. Robert Mitchell, Mrs L. D. McCoy,
Miss U. V. McCoy. Mrs. I. McKlnnis, Miss J.
McKlnnis, G. F. Nelson, E. A. Ram, Mrs. E.
A. Ram, E. Sexton, Miss E. Sexton. Miss T.
Sinclair, Mrs. S. T. Stephens, Max Stevenson,
Mrs. Max Stevenson. Miss F. N. Thallon. S. C.
Trench. B. von Meyer, W. WatHng, Miss C.
White.
For Kobe^— Mis3 8. Alexander. Rev. J. 1* At
klr.aon, Mrs. J. li- Atkinson, Miss Vesta At
kinson, J. A. Berntson, Dr. Henry Lannlng,
P. Norlan. Miss M. Ransom.
For Nagasaki— Miss Alice Cole.
For Shanghai— Rev. Z. C. Beals. Mrs. Z. C.
Beals and child. Rev. F. M. Chapin, Mrs. F.
M. Chapin and two children. Rev. IX T. Hunt
infCton. Miss M. C. Huntlngton, Dr. O. T. Lo
gan, Mrs. O. T. Lagan, child and infant. Miss
Carrie Wasson.
For Yokohama— H. Aberg, G. W. |Bramhall.
H. E. Collbran, E. Freschl, Mrs. Kate N.
Johnson, Miss W. Klmball, L. Loewenbach, T.
Matsumara. S. Strauss.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic sailed for the Orient
yesterday. She did not take away much
cargo. The following were the cabin pas
sengers:.
Sailing of the Coptic.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 15.— John Brasso
was recognized on a train near Watson
ville to-day and was arrested by Con
stable Carr. Brasso is wanted in Modesto
for having shot a sleeping man. The con
dition of the wounded man is serious. The
prisoner acknowledges the shooting.
'\u25a0« John Bras so Captured.
Short addresses were made by Colonel
Thomas F. Barry, Matt I. Sullivan, H. E.
I3randensteln, Alex Vogelsang, F. E.
Hesthal. J. A. Marble, Dr. Joseph Cale
garis, Patrick Crowley. Captain Cleary,
James R. Kelly. Gus Frederick. Charles
A. Zinkand, II. if. Wreden, B. P. Oliver,
A. G. Wleland. A. Aronson, Colonel J. C.
O'Connor, A. J. Eels and J. J. McDade. *
Tobin won great applause from his
hearers when he declared in forcible terms
that he had accepted the nomination with
out pledging himself to any one, and that
lie was and would always be without tie
to any man or set of men. He promised
that if elected he would perform the du
ties of t!}3 office in an upright and honest
manner and to the best of his ability.
Tobin concluded his remarks by saying
that he \u25a0would not discuss the issues of
the campaign at the meeting, deeming the
district meetings the proper places for
their discussion.
The temporary officers were made per
manent, and on motion it was decided to
have the chair appoint eighteen gentlemen
from, the various districts to work with
the officers and vice presidents as a cam
paign committee of the club.
The meeting was called to order by Col
onel Thomas F. Barry, while P. P. Mc-
Cormick was selected as secretary. Dr.
Joseph Calegaris, former Chief of Police
Patrick Crowley, F. E. Hesthal. Albert S.
Wieland and B. P. Oliver were selected as
vice presidents.
When Tobin was called upon for a
Bpeech he said he had not come to the
meeting for that purpose, but to thank
his friends and the Democrats of the city
for the honor they had conferred upon
him. He said it was both a pleasure and
an honor to be nominated for Mayor by
the Democratic party, and he was pleased
to receive the indorsement of his friends.
He added that it had not been hi3 inten
tion to accept the nomination on account
of private reasons, but he agreed to make
tne sacrifice as an honest and patriotic
citizen.
The Joseph S. Tobln Club was organized
last night at 909 Market street. It was an
enthusiastic and representative gathering
of the friends of the Democratic candi
date for Mayor, and many of them, made
commendatory speeches in regard to the
candidate, while the others promised to
work hard in behalf of his candidacy.
PROMINENT CITIZENS
ORGAUTZB TOBIN* CLTJ3
Democratic Candidate for Mayor Says
He Will Discuss the Issues
I/ater.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. 15.—Passen
gers from Dawson say that on Septem
ber 26 last a sudden flood cleaned out
Hunker Creek from end to end. It ha*
been raining considerable and on th« day
in question the water was slowly rising.:
At 3 o'clock a wall of water three feet
high was seen coming down the creek. It
was as if the clouds had burst at the end
of the creek. Cabins were washed away.
shafts filled and tailing piles leveled. All
open works were filled and sluice box**
carried for miles. There were no fata'i
ties.
Flood on Hunker Creek.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— John D. Rocke
feller has pledged $200,000 toward the en
dowment fund of Barnard College, ac
cording to information received by the
Times. The gift is subject to the condi
tion that by January, 1902, $200,000 addi
tional must be raised by the trustees of
the college.
Rockefeller's Gift to a College.
Among those whom the Sonoma brought
here from the Southern Seas are two
Porto Rlcan lads named Juan Rodriguez
and Carmelo Hernandez. Neither boy is
over 12, yet each of them asserts he can
make a fortune in America. They went
to the islands from Porto Rico to work on
the sugar plantations, but found that chil
dren were not in demand- in Hawaii. Car
melo has a brother, a fireman on the So
noma, and about the time the mail boat
was due the lads ran away. The brother
found a place of concealment for them in
the stokehole. Juan says that when, he. is
21 he will succaed to some property left by
his father, which is now held In trust by
his stepmother. Until he is of age, he
says. Porto Rico will know him no more.
Manuel, the fireman, has promised to look
after the lads, so they were allowed to
land, i
TWO IiTTTLE RUNAWAYS.
PAWHUSKA, O. T., Oct.' 15.— Saucy
Chief, leader of the progressive element
of the Osage Indians, died here to-day.
The chief was 85 years old.- He joined the
home guards of Kansas in 1SS2 and served
the Government with distinction, particu
larly In a number of battles in the South
west. He assisted in making several Osage
treaties -with the Government and was
three times elected principal chief of his
tribe.
Famous Indian. Chief Dead.
Angry Crowd Shouts. "Fake,"
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 15.— Clarence Ritchie of
St. Louis won en a foul from Oscar Gard
ner, the Omaha "Kid," to-night in the
third round of what was to have been a
fifteen-round bout before the Olympic Ath
letic Club. The go saemed as palpable a
fake as was ever pulled off in a ring and
the crowd had been worked into a rage
long before the culmination of hostilities.
They yelled for their money back and
when it was not forthcoming left the hall
in high dudgeon.. . .
"If we lose our case in the Supreme
Court it will mean that the county gov
ernment act is unconstitutional," said J.
H. \V. Riley, one of the official court re
porters. "District Attorney Allen has at
tacked the act not only as regards our
salary provision, but by the title aa well.
This ia along the lines of the code der
cision as I understand it."
The court reporters' case at issue in
volves the question of the legality of the
act wherein it provides a salary for court
reporters and fees. Upon the advice of
District Attorney Allen County Auditor
Bwlng refused to draw the salary war
rants, the District Attorney declaring
that not only was this provision illegal,
but 'that the whole act itself was void.
The reporters mandamused Ewing, but
Judge Hall, sitting with the other Judges,
decided that the act, so far as it related
to the salary provision, was illegal in that
it was a special act of legislation.
The reporters found that in Los An
geles County the court had sustained the
act and had declared that so far as. the
title was concerned, the salary provision
did not have to be embraced in it. This
decision was exactly contrary to the Ala
meda County ruling, so to settle the law
the reporters here decided to appeal.
Briefs on appeal have been prepared and
will shortly be submitted to District At
torney Allen for his reply. Then they will
be filed with the Supreme Court.
But the old county government act
which would be operative provides that
counties of 100,000 population should be In
the second class, and this puts Los An
geles and Alameda counties, under the
new census, on an equal footing.
The Legislature also made many other
changes in classification, leaving the del
egations from each of the large counties
free to adjust the patronage otnees to the
demands of the interested county.
Alameda County, under this condition of
affairs, will be thrown into the same class
\u25a0with Los Angeles County. Without a new
classification the incoming officers of 1903
will find themselves able to appoint a
host of deputies and increase tho patron
age to the high mark of the Southern
California county. The Sheriff would be
assisted by nineteen deputies under pay.
The County Clerk's roster would run to
seventeen assistants, and so on. along the
line. It was to avoid this very condition
that the last legislature reclaesifled Ala
meda County by changing the population
limits to classes and threw this county
into the third class.
The politicians of the State have their
eyes upon the move which is being made
in Alaineda County to secure a Supreme
Court decision upon the validity of the
present county government act. The
question is shortly to be brought into that
court upon an appeal from the Superior
Court of this county from the decision in
what Is known as the "court reporters'
salary case." If District Attorney Allen's
contentions be upheld by the Supreme
Court the entire county government act
will be nullified, for he has attacked it
aa defective in title, using what is said to
be analagous argument to that by which
the codes decision was given, declaring
tht? new codes unconstitutional.
Should the Supreme Court decide
against the county government act as it
has against the codes, thirty-two counties
of California will be thrown back to the
classification of the act of 1S98, unless a
special session of the Legislature shall
be called before the elections of 1902 are
held. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Oct. 15.
Mrs. Susan Levy has recovered her four
year-old daughter, who was abducted Sun
day night by the child's father, Daniel
Levy, from the home of its grandparents,
Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Harrington of 803
Twelfth street.
Alone and unaided the mother went in
pursuit of her missing baby to-day and
located the little one near me Presidio in
ban l'Tanctaco, where the father is sta
tioned as a soldier of the Twenty-ninth
Infantry, U. S. A. Mrs. Levy tried to se
cure the assistance of the local police In
the search, but was informed that under
present conditions the father was as much
entitled to possession of the child as her
self. Nothing daunted by this plain ex
planation of the legal side of the case, the
mother decided to go upon the trail her
self and if possible to find the hiding place
of her little girl. . Realizing that her hus
band would undoubtedly put their daugh
ter within easy access of his abode, Mrs.
Levy hastened 'at once to the Presidio.
After wandering for hours about the
Government grounds and becoming nearly
exhausted by her long search the mother
was about to surrender, when she sudden
ly espied tho figure of a child clad in a red
automobile coat. The mother recognized
the coat as the wearer disappeared in the
doorway of a house. Lying in wait for a
favorable moment Mrs. Levy, nervous and
excited, saw her opportunity, slipped into
the place, got her child and fled for a
street car. Hastening back to Oakland,
the mother and her child were soon safe
in the harrinsrton residence. She returned
this evening with her daughter to Ber.i
cia, Mrs. levy's home.
Further contest for the custody of the
daughter must be made there, for the
mother says she will make application to
the court for control over her child, pend
ing the settlement of the divorce suit she
has brought against her husband.
Levy declares that the only reason he
desired to remove his daughter was be
cause the child was not In proper sur
roundings.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct.. 15.
Fire partly destroyed the residence of
J. Richard Freud, secretary of the Mer
chants' Association and Civil Service
Commissioner, at 1271 Clay street last
evening. The flames were discovered in
a room in the attic and are thought to
have been caused by a defective flue. The
loss will amount to about $5000.
Special Officer Charles H. Mahnke saw
the flames issuing from the roof about 3
o'clock. After turning in an alarm from
box 23 he rushed to the house and found
the family at supper. When the engines
arrived the lire had gained considerable
headway and before it was extinguished
the roof and upper portion of the house
were badly gutted. The loss to the build
ing will be $2000 and to contents $3000. W.
C. Hanley and family resided on the first
floor. Hanley' s loss was caused principally
by water.
I'lames Gain Considerable Headway
Before the Arrival of the Fire
Department.
CLAY-STREET RESIDENCE
BADLY GUTTED BY TIRE
Direct Fight Shortly to
Reach the Supreme
Court.
Mrs. Susan Levy Trails
Her Daughter to the. 4
Presidio.
NAPA, Oct. 15. — Commencing Wednes
day, Napa will have within her gat«3 the
clergy representing the Presbyterian
church of thl3 State. All of the distin
guished divines of this denomination are
tc assemble here at the State Synod,
which will be in session during the re
mainder of the week. The opening ses
sion of the 3vnod will be held In the
Presbyterian Church to-morrow evening 1 .
and Rev. James Mitchell of St. Helena,
the retiring moderator, will deliver th>
sermon.
California Presbyterian Synod.
From that moment he sank rapidly, dy
ing October 1, but the fact of his death
was kept secret until October 3 to allow
Habib Ullah to » complete the arranss
ments for the succession.
SIMLA. Oct. 1C— The Cabul correspond
ent of the Poineer says: The late Ameer
was paralyzed on the right side during
the third week of September. His illness
was kept a secret at the palace. Finally,
on September 28. feeling that he was dy
ing, he summoned the officials and chief
citizens, together with all hia sons except
the youngest, and addresesd them In a
feeble voice, inviting them to say who
they considered should succeed him.
In tears the listeners declared tor Habib
Ullah. The Ameer thereupon directed
that his swerd and Jeweled belt be given
to Habib Ullah, together with a larjr<s
volume, supposed to be his last -will and
instructions regarding the management of
the state. He then ordered the younger
son to place the crown. upon the head of
the eldest, after which he dismissed the
audience. /
Tearful Officials Declare for Habib
TJllah Before Their Ruler
Passes Away.
NAME THE SUCCESSOR
AT THE AMEER'S BEDSIDE
FORT SCOTT, Kans., Oct. 15.— An at
tempt was made here early this morning
to wreck the Missouri, Kansas and Texas
fast train. A piece of casting was driven
into a frog switch in such a manner as
to derail the train if it had been proing
rapidly. Fortunately the engineer had
slowed down on nearing the crossing and
no injury was done to the train. Officers
are looking for the would-be wreckers.
Casting Is Driven Into a Switch, but
the Cars Escape In
jury.
TRAIN'S SLOW SPEED
SA.VES IT FROM WRECK
The report closes with a tribute to the
late President and praises the qualifica
tions of Mr. Roosevelt as Mr. McKin
ley's successor.
"Shame! Shame!" cried the 300 preach
ers, as the rea.ling was finished. Contin
uing, the Bishop said: "This 13 high trea
son. There should be a law under which
the publisher who printed this could be
arrested at once. You remember the Hay
market massacre. The night it occured
Mayor Carter H. Harrison was down
there. He rode away saying. 'There'll bo
no trouble.' Two hours later severnl men
were stretchd out dead or in agony. H»
was mistaken. This anarchistic taik does
cause harm. Let us produce a public
opinion which shall make such utterances
treason."
The subject of anarchism was brought
up by the report of the committee on tha
state of the country, which the Rev. J.
R. Creighton presented. The committee
recommended that laws be passed "to
protect the lives of public officials and U»
make any attempt against the stability of
our Government an act of treason, to be
punished as such."
CHICAGO. Oct. 15,- Anarchy and yel
low journalism, placed together as ih«
curses of the natiriTi, were condemned lvt
strongest terms to-day by the Rock River
Methodist Conference at Evanston. ami
every member present voted against tbe*e»
enemies of. law and promised to us* hist
eloquence and influence to destroy both.
Bishop McCabe commended the tem
perance committee's report as the best
he had ever h»ard, and he condemned yel
low journalism as the brother of anarch
ism. In support of his charge he quoted
from the San Francisco Examiner th*
stanza printed February 4, 1300. and run
ning as follows:
The bullet that pierced Qocbsl's breast
Cannot be found in all the West.
G-ood reason: It is speeding: here
To stretch McXinley on his bier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The woods and all roads in the neigh
borhood have been placed under guard
and It is expected that the men will be*
captured. During the flight a buggy In
which two of the crooks were riding broke
down and they were forced to abandon It,
riding away on the horses. In tho buggy
was found a large quantity of chickens,
potatoes and edibles of various kinds,
which is taken to indicate that the gang
intended to hide themselves in the woods
somewhere and camp out until the ex
citement subsided. At least one of the
robbers wa3 wounded in the fight. Banker
Wolfe says that little of value was se
cured.
Tiie cracksmen used nitroglycerin.
The doors of the vault were blown com
pletely off and the building was partially
demolished. The terrific explosion awoke
the people of the town. All who ap
proached the bank, however, were driven
away by tho robbers, who were armed
with rifles. Mayor McConnell attempted
to enter the bank, but was fired upon by
the robbers and compelled to retreat.
Having secured their booty, the cracks
men went to a livery stable, where they
bound and gagged the owner. They then
took several rigs and drove rapidly away.
A posse and bloodhounds are on the trail
of the robbers.
MASON CITY, Iowa, Oct. 15.— The safe
of the bank at Rudd v/as blown onen by
dynamito last night. The robbers
escaped on a handcar and took to the
woods. ' The president of the bank stated
that the amount secured was about $3000.
MOUNT VEBNON, Ohio. Oct. 15.— The
vault of the bank at Danville, Ohio, was
blown open early to-day by a gang of
eight robbers. Five charges of dynamite
were used and the bank building as well
as the vault were wrecked. The explo
sions aroused the citizens and a pitched
battle took place, during which the
thieves took night. They were followed
to Buckeye City, where they had rigs in
readiness, and drove away. Pursuit was
at once taken up and a number of shots
were exchanged until Adrian's woods
were reached, where the vehicles were
abandoned by the robbers, who sought
cover. .
GALJOIf. Ohio, Oct. 15.— The vault of
the Fanners' and Citizens' Bank at Tyro,
a small town near here, was wrecked
early to-day by six robbers, who secured
the contents and escaped. It is said the
vault contained $40,000.
After the singing of "Nearer, My God,
to Thee," by the Elks' Quartet the lodge
ritual was taken up. When this was com
pleted Congressman Julius Kahn rose to
deliver the address. He had known Thall
for many years, was one of his close
friends and his tribute to the character of
the departed drew tears from man and
woman. He spoke of Thall's early strug
gles, his later successes and his kind
deeds. When Congressman Kahn con
cluded with: "We will never see him again,
but we will always bear in our hearts^ the
memory of Mark Thall," the tears were
wiped away from many a cheek.
The ceremonies concluded with the plac
ing of the ivy on the casket of the dead
and the singing of "Good Night, Good
Night, "Tis Morning Now."
The body was then carried to the hearse
and the funeral procession begun. A band
of fiftv pieces playing Chopin's "Funeral
March" preceded the Theatrical Me
chanics* Association. Then came the Elks
and the mourners in carriages. The march
was down Sutter street to Kearny, then
along Third to Howard, where the so
cieties halted arid the funeral carriages
continued their course to the cemetery.
Rabbi Nieto spoke again at the grave
side and all that was earthly of Mark
Thall was buried. The memory of his
goodness, his kindness and his charity wil?
remain.
Congressman Kahn Pays Tribute.
The exalted ruler, Thomas B. Dunne,
then began the services. After the ritual
prayer .by the chaplain the secretary was
directed to call the name of the departed
member. Three times in the solemn still
ness the name was called aloud, only to
be followed by the sobbing and weeping
cf the family.
To the mournful notes of Chopin's
"Funeral March" the casket was carried
into the halL As soon as the family of
the deceased was seated and the lodge
members had taken their places the re
maining seats were rapidly filled. A very
small fraction of those who wished to at
tend the ceremonies could be accommo
dated.
Alfred Ellin^house and John MorriEsey, rep
resenting the manacers; James Dunne and
Charles Bryant, the Elks; G. Messenser, E.
Belaeco and S. Simmons, the Theatrical Man
agers' Association: B. Lada, the Musicians.;
11. L. Aisop and Li. l-\ Stone, the Alcazar; U.
E. Cook. G. II. Davis and George P. Webster,
tiie Central, and Brsndon Clarke, the ushers.
Services Conducted by the Elks,
Attended by the pallbearers, the coffin
covered with a pall of violets interwoven
with Bride roses, was borne to the hearse
and the cortege proceeded to the ' Elks'
Hall on Sutter street. The pallbearers
were :
Mark Thall's friends tendered a heart
felt rerpect to his memory yesterday
morning, and with imposing funeral cere
mony they laid him to res.t in the Hills
of Eternity Cemetery. The services were
of that Impressive character that lingers
on the mind, just as will the warmth of
heart and the kindly charity of Mark
Thall himself remain In the memories cf
his many friend?.
Mark Thall had thousands of friends
and it is they who feel the sad loss almost
as poignantly as do his family. From the
far Kast and the South came ordered flor
al tributes. Four wagons closely packed
with flowers attested the love and respect
In v.hich the deceased was held. Behind
his coffin scores and scores of bowed men
and sorrowing women walked, sincere in
their grief and burdened with sadness.
Following the Jewish funeral ceremonial
rites Rabbi Nieto spoke with much feeling
over the cotnn as it lay in the homo of
Thall's friends, Fred Belasco and M. E.
Mayer, at 353 Geary street. More than
one hundred of the San Francisco Lodge
of Theatrical Mechanics' Association, a
full representation of the Theatrical Man
agers' Association, a large number cf
Klk-3, people of the stage and friends old
and new gathered to attend the funeral
ceremonies. The four wagons in the
street with the floral burdens, the many
carnages and the crowds on the side
walk almost blocked traffic. Not one
fourth of those who came in the early
mornins hours to show their last devo
tions of friendship could enter the house.
Floor director— Jehu Tonntagsen. Aids— John
J. Mitchell Benry Y<". Adams. Joseph Forderer,
Her.ry Aehcrofi. Roy T. Klmbali. Jtmea A.
IVilBon. Thomas B. de "Witt, Warren G. San
bom, William T. Hamilton. John Partridge,
Robert N. Cerson. Alexander IS. Cox, Harry
Baehr, John Driver M. JrwK-ph Savage. Arthur
S. MUlberry, CtvrW* U P. Marals.
The report of the grand treasurer shows
receipts during the year 15687, disburse
ments S5SZL
In the evening there was a grana re
ception in Golden Gate Hall by the local
chapters to the grand officers and repre
sentatives to the Grand Chapter. The
hall was decorated with bunting cf va
ried hnes, flags, banners and a profusion
of plants and flowers. The attendance
was very larg*, and the following pro
gramme was presented:
Grand s^irc*. lancer*; contralto «olo. Miss
Graoe Savage; recitation. Mrs. Sturtevant;
•waltz" soprano ecilo, Hiss J. Johnson; deux
tetnys: ballad. Alfred Wllkie; sehottische;
\u25a0waits; popraao solo, Mrs. R. Hathorn, accom
p£ni?t 211ES Amanda Joort; lancers; deux
tenjpc: eolo. Mrs. Freeman; recitation. Miss
Mai O'XeeTe; ecpraco solo. Mrs. Elia Klein;
nisnet; fleux temps; lancers.
After this followed a general pro
gramme cf dancing.
Charles Lord Field -was master of cere
monies and he was assisted by the fol
lowing committees:
Receptica— Mitid vr. TerwjUiger. president:
Mary F. Fahrenholz, Annie E. Ga«re. Harriet
T Noah. Oiarlorte E. Tisaale, Eunice A.
Glir.ee, Edith Ed-wards, Mary F. Ayere, Helen
fi. F. Seaman, Belle Schleuter, Edna. Rushing,
Fusie G. Sturtevaat, Isabella Clark. Margaret
Xelton. Mary E_ K>ln. Hattie A. McPhnn,
6ar»h >.. Ccx. Ro.«e M. Pistoles!. Margaret M-
Kitch, Kancy A. "Wood. Linea A. Baehr, Le
vina J. McCla'm, A-iSie L. Sleeper. Lizzie Ton
riingrsen. Bertha Y»\ Stock, Charlotte E. Ma
rsie. Matid Sirple.
EnterULiiiTrerit»-Sus:e G. SrartevanC presi
dent: 2&fcXBar»t KeJum. Hartle A. McFfanu.
I^ancy A. 'Wood.
The worthy grand matron in her report
enriourieed that during the year she paid
fifty-five official visits to chapters. Ben
jamin A. Plant -visited four chapters in
the State of Xevada. The grand matron
recommends, in view of the fact that it
is impossible to vi^it all the chapters dur
ir.s" a term, that the jurisdiction be di
vided Into districts, ten in number, and
that a grand instructor be appointed for
each district: that charters be granted to
thote chapters now under dispensation
•which give evidence of ability to do the
v.-ork and a willingness to conform to the
laws and regulations, and that a memo
rial page be set apart in the proceedings
in memory of Past Grand Matron Mary
J. Parker, who died during the year. In
her report she pays a plowing tribute to
the members of the order for the work
thev have dorse for the Masonic Home.
Eeport of Grand Hatron.
I -would indeed feel proud to mention each
cf the pplendid corps of officers who have
\u25a0worked in perfect harmony during the entire
year and who are cacti entitled to a share cf
whatever fucc<*ase8 may have been achieved.
EhouU I retire from tils offie* without to!c-
Icg my recognition of the osj>ecial worth and
superior ability of our grand secretary I would
indeed be remiss. Her years of active experi
ence in our order mcJse her a veritable ency
clopedia of statistics, and her willingness to
assist everybody -who may be in need of help
renders her services indispensable.
The grand patron congratulated the or
der on the. growth it made during the
year and recommended that the uniform
codo be amended to require by-laws to
be Eigned sixty days alter initiation or
affiliation or membership be forfeited, and
that a section be added to the* constitu
tion to the effect that non-affiliated mem
bers of the order residing In this grand
Jurisdiction who refuse or neglect to make
application for membership to some sub
ordinate chapter after six months' resi
dence herein shall be out of standing and
not entitled to the benefits and privileges
'of the order.
In closing he raid:
Steady Groxrth. of the Order.
The grand patron in his report gave an
extended account of his official acts and
decisions. During the year the following
chapters were instituted:
Eagle Chapter. EaslevUle, Modoo County;
Tehachapi Chaster, Tekachejji, Kern County;
CaUstoga Chapter. Calistora, Sonoma County;
Sacramento Chanter. Sacramento, Sacramento
County; Fullerton Chaster, Fullerton. Orange
County; Pacific Chapter, Los Angeles; Alham
bra Chanter. Alaambra, Lcs Angreles Countj ;
Hilda Chapter, Mokelumne Hill. Stanislaus
County; Sajita Clara Chapter. Santa Clara,
6anta Clara County; 6an Francisco Chapter.
Kan Francisco.
The annual session of the Grand Chap
ter of the Order of the Eastern Star of
California opened yesterday afternoon in
Sherman & Clay Hall. About 400 repre
sentatives from chapters in California
and Nevada were present. The Grand
Chapter was opened in ceremonial form
end en roll call there were responses
from all the grand officers, past grand
officers and accredited representatives
from each chartered chapter. Worthy
Grand Patron Ernest W. Conant of San
Jose presided. *
The afternoon session was taken up
vith the reading of the reports of the
grand patron, Grand Matron Maud E.
Bowes, Grand Secretary' Kate J. Wlllats
and Grand Treasurer Adeline Blum Hu
yon.
In the Barton Opera-house to-night
Mayor L. O. Stephens welcomed the Odd
Fellows to the city. Addresses were made
by prominent citizens and by well-known
Odd Fellows, among them being Grand
Patriarch B. D. Gummoe and Past Grand
Master William H. Barnes. A pleasing
musical programme was rendered during
the evening.
Paso Robles, Bakersiield and Sonora
are competitors- for the honor of enter
taining the Grand Encampment of 1902.
The matter of selecting a location has
been made a special order for to-rnorrow
morning.
At 2 o'clock the encampment proceeded
to the nomination of grand officers for the
ensuing-year as follows: Grand Patri
arch, C. H. Wever; grand high priest, A.
C. Bates; grand senior warden, J. A. Fos
ter; grand scribe, William H. Barnes;
grann treasurer. Charles E. Benedict;
grand junior warden — Stanley A. Smith,
Frank W. Smith, W. H. Woodbridge,
Fred E. Pierce, Charles Phillips and
George Jessen; grand representative. R.
D. Gummoe; grand trustees — W. S. Pot
ter, F. A. Week, H. F. G. Wulff and "Eu
gene Flanders.
An interesting contest is expected for
the office of grand junior warden.
The grand treasurer reported a total
balance on hand on September SO, 1001, of
FKESXO, Oct. 15.— Reports of officers
and committees were submitted to the
forty-seventh session of the Grand En
campment, Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows, this morning:, and these, with the
nomination of candidates, occupied the
greater part of the day. To-night at the
reception to the delegates given by the
.Fresno members of the order and the citi
zens of the city the Barton Opera-house
was filled to overflowing.
The report of Grand Patriarch K. D.
Gummoe shows that a slight loss of mem
bership in 1S90 has been overcome, 190!)
shows, a gain, and the term from January
1 to June 30, 1901, brings the record witn
a total increase of 300. The total member
ship is 5800.
Lines Printed by Hearst De
clared to Be High
Treason.
Officers and Bloodhounds on
the Trail of the Out
laws.
Rabbi Nieto and Congressman
Kahn Speak Feelingly of
the Deceased.
Reception Tendered to the
Officers and the Rep
resentatives.
planning to extend its influence stil
further.
FINDS THE BABY
WHO IS STOLEN
ATTACKS COUNTY
GOVERNMENT ACT
p-yf 1^ KE Chamber of Commerce, at ita
9 quarterly meeting held yesterday,
| decided to maintain a rcpresenta
16 tive permanently at "Washington
to look out for the commercial In
terests of San Francisco. William M.
Bunker has been selected for the position
and will leave for his new post at an early
date.
The matter is one which has been a sub
ject of debate among the prominent men
of this city for several months. San Diego
on the south and Seattle on the north both
have representatives at the national capi
tal and their labors have been crowned
with beneficial results. That San Fran
j cisco should likewise be provided for has
j been long admitted, but there ha$ pre-
I viously seemed no way in which the nec
i essary expenses might be met. Now the
Chamber of Commerce has determined to
pay for everything out of Its own treas
' ury without the assistance of the other
commercial organizations of the city.
I Senator Perkins was present at th8
meeting yesterday and strongly advised
that the action be taken. He stated that
he himself and the other members of the
delegation were always ready to assist
by whatever means should b© in their
: power in furthering the interests of San
Francisco, but that a man who was con
stantly in touch with commercial inter
ests on the coast could present matters
for legislation to the delegates in a much
better way than could be done by postal or
telegraphic communication, which has up
to this time been the way in which im
portant matters have been dealt with.
Mr. Bunker has for a long time been ac
tive in the interests of the Chamber of
Commerce and in choosing: him for the
new nest commercial men feel that they
havo* secured the services of an efficient
worker.
Th'3 membership committee made a very
exhaustive report of Its labors yesterday.
It wa3 shown that the organization has
mere members now than at any other
time in its history. Many new firms havo
been admitted during the last two months
and the total membership is now 520. The
activity and earnestness of Secretary
Scott were especially commended.
The Chamber of Commerce Is now on a
solid working basis and its members are
Impressive Funeral Cere
monies Conducted
by the Elks.
Methodist Clergymen
Protest Against Yel
low Journals.
Terrific Explosion Awak
ens People of an
Ohio Town.
Legislative Body Meets
in Annual Business
Session.
Delegates to Grand Encamp
ment Make Nominations
for Office.
Raisin City Tenders a
Reception to Odd
Fellows.
Chamber of Commerce Selects W..M. Bunker
as Delegate to Washington, D, C.
SCORE PAPERS
FOR ANARCHY
FRESNO'S GUESTS
ARE WELCOMED
FRIENDS MOURN
DEATH OF THALL
ROBBERS LOOT
A BANK VAULT
EASTERN STAR'S
GRAND CHAPTER
COMMERCIAL INTERESTS
ARE TO BE REPRESENTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 3901.
MAN "WHO WILL. REPRESENT.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AT
"WASHINGTON, D. C.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15.— Arthur E. Meaker
Jr. pleaded not guilty in the Police Court
to-day, when he was ' arraigned upon a
charge of stealing $40 from his friend and
roommate. Assistant Secretary Thompson
of the Young Men's Christian Association.
Jkleaker's trial was set for Saturday.
Meaker Pleads Not Guilty.
Harry Ohe, who was arrested Sunday
morning at his home, 35 Laurel avenue,
was booked at the City Prison yesterday
on a charge of assault to do great bodily
harm. He was released on $50 cash bail.
His wife, who was taken to the Keceiving
Hospital In an r.nconacious condition from
a beating said to have been administered
by her husband because she came home
In an intoxicated condition, is now in a
fair way to recover.
Mrs. Ohe Is Now Recovering.
The bark St Katherine arrived from
Hilo yesterday after a good run of
eighteen days.
The French baric Anne de Bretagne
made port yesterday, 145 days from
Cardiff. She was considered overdue and
8 per cent was paid to reinsure, vessel and
cargo.
It v/as not the schooner Arago that went
to Bea. yesterday, but the barkentine. The
schooner is now being got ready for a
eodflshlngr cruise. Captain Mclntosh will
zo out In command. -..''.
Water Front Notes.
Charle» F. Dean, colored, who conducts
a saloon at 313 Pacific street, was con
victed by Judge Fritz yesterday on the
charge of battery. Ho beat his wife bru
tally and finished up by biting her on the
arm.
Brutally Beat His Wife.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[ Ceread
A perfect cereal coffee
cf delicate flavor and
fragrant aroma.
The blending of California figs
and prunes with well ripened
grain makes a fruit and grain
coffee far superior to any other
cereal beverage.
By our process all the delight-
ful flavor of the fruit and healthful
strength of the grain is retained.
Tastes like coffee — looks like
coffee. Healthful— nutritious,
i^eil from 5 to 1O minutes only
/ ALL GROCERS SELL,
JIGPRUNE CEREAL.
ADVEKTISEMBirraL
h J fels-Naptha |
The fact remains
that after the most
severe test you -i
can put it to,
Fels-Naptha soap
insures sweet,
white clothes with-
out any boiling.
Fels-Naptha soap
saves half the time
and half the work
, as practice proves.
Guaranteed, or
money refunded.
Fe.s & Co., Philada.
Gray, Lans & Stroh (Inc.). San Franei»g».
§V1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEM
MORMON BI3HOF'8 PILL*
have been la use over fifty
years by tha leaders of th»
Mormon Church and th.tr
followers. Positively cure th»
worst cases In old and youn«
arising from effects of seU-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
c1gar«Ue-sxnoklng. Cure Lose
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses." Insom-
nia. Pains IB Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous DebiUty. Headache. Lnfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. *%* g^ Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner £> SJ vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are >T> JT« immediate. Im-
part vigor and pot* CEHTa ncy to every func-
tion Don't get despondent: a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stlmulat-
the brain and nerve centers; SOc a box: « for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cur« or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ell!" s!..
Fan Francisco. Cat. GRANT DRUG CO.. U
mxxi 40 Third at.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
12
"WE have a cash buyer for grocery or re3- j
taurant, coffee house, hotel, lodging house;
will pay as high as $6000. F. J. DECK &
CO., Emma Spreckels building, room 20S.
1 HAVE all kinds of buyers waiting; list your
store* and lodging-houses with me; I guaran-
tee to sell. F. J. DECK, room 208, Emma
Spreckels building. . v . \u25a0
WANTED— Partner in advertising business. F.
J. Deck & Co., Emma Spreckels bldg., r. 208.
WANTED— Manufacturing bUEiness. F. J.
DECK & CO., Emma Spreckels bldg., r. 208.
CAPITALISTS, ATTENTION!
A well-known investment banking house of
thi3 city is about to organize a bank in a
most promising interior town, having no
bank as yet, but which does an annual 'busi-
ners of about $3,000,000; residents of the town
have agreed to build an up-to-date building
for the new bank; we now want a few more
parties with money, from $100 upward, to
take up the remaining ehares of the bant
stock; the investment is estimated to bring
magnificent returns. Address box 1225, CalL
FIRST-CLASS restaurant with a first-class bar
cornectcd, doing a bunineei of arbout $100 a
day; price $4500; part of money can stand on
business; will bear the fullest investigation.
Address box 2340. Call office. Oakland.
$300— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE,
837 Mission st * '
FOR Rale — Old established good-paying busi-
ness; will sell half or whole interest; first-
class bargain. Address Call office. Oakland.
RESTAURANT on Market st, near city front;
a snap for right party; cheap. Apply 550
Mission st.
A— J12C-0 CORNER grocery and bar; good pay-
ing. Inquire 1016 Polk Bt. ; no agents.
GOOD restaurant man wanted as partner; first-
; class opening. 321 Ellis st.
1 $2000 LWESTED sur* to make 100 per cent;
1 no risk; straight, legitimate. Box 1223, Call.
I I WANT to buy a grocery and bar; good,
clean stock. JBox 1143. Call office.
WANTED— Restaurant cr lunch counter cheap
for cash. Box 1123, Call office.
' BAKEK'S fixtures. 2 horses and wagona; com-
plete outfit. Box 2341. Call office, Oakland.
A YOUNG man having $500 would invest eame
In some legitimate business where he might
obtain employment: city or country; steady
habits; refa. Box 2338. Call office. Oakland. ,
WANTED— To rent, bake shop; one or more
ovens. Address, statins rental and location,
j box 2339. Call office, Oakland.
I FOR SALE— Hotel with bar; south of Market
st. Inquire at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pa-
dfls St., after 2 p. m. \u25a0:
WANTED— A paper route of from 300-400
names; must be north of Market Et. Box
1134, Call office
PARTNER for Alaska with small capital to
work mining property; located. Box 120L
Call office
BROWN & OELELL, 41 Third Bt. — If you want
to sell or exchange your business or lodging-
house list it with us. Phone Red 3313.
FOR SAX."E— The Call agency in Santa Crua;
price J1200.
RESTAURANT, cheap; 410 Kearny st; other
I business; mast sell; make offer.
COAL yard for sale. Apply 629 Halght st.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; sacrifice for quick
gale. 132 Eighth st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H^C^^E^K^R^^F^ICETl^^Ia^erstrTs
;...'.HEADQL"AP.TERS FOR BARGAINS
IN LODGING HOUSES
HOTELS. FLATS
AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM J125 to J20.0M
GET LIST FROM OFFICE .........
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 82S j
24 rooms; the best 3C00
12 rooms; Urge yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500 1
17 rooms; fine corner 1350 |
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
S rooms; fine yard 353
10-room house; fine location 42S
24 rooms; on Geary Et :... 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6000
16 rooms; transient; only (404 cash 750
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 353
IS ro3ms; on Sixth st; clears $80 800 j
£4 rooms; en Market st; clears $150 16C0
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750 |
32 rooms; offices; clears $259 35G0
21 rooms; WOO cash, balance payments 125i)
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 79S.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
HEADQUAETEHS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments.
<9-TOom boarding-house; clears $200 $3000
69 rooms; corner; best in city » 5000 I
85 rooms; very good; only 1000
WE LEAD THEM ALL.
20 rooms; par excellence 2500
S5-room workingman's house; cheap rent 2000
6-roora flat; all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine income 2&W
14 rooms; transient: clears $125 600
20 rooms; fine furniture; see this bargain.
. 21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments 1000
£0 rooms; rent £100; clears $250 150fl
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
'0 rooms; modern; clears $250 4000
12 rooms; Turk pt.; all rented 323
CAT.T S WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms: desirable location 450
15 rocms; Sutter st; central 4;o
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Mrkt. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
850 Market st. Tel. Davis 281
6 # rocms; elegantly furn.; flat $700
8 rooms; furniture and carpets; 1st clasa. 650
15 rooms; fine location; new; clean 1500
16 rooms; full; everything good; snap 1600
7 rooms; new and finely furn.; flat 750
9 rooms; right downtown ..'... 900
« rooms; cheap rent, including piano 1260
20 rooms; elegantly furn.; a snap 2500
43 rooms; full: choice: bargain 4500
17 rooms; north of Market; snap 1200
12 rooms: boarding; best location 1200
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON
ANT OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST
RATES.
A CAMERON & CO..
850 Market Et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
75 r., rent $175, fine investment $5500
44 r.. rent $120. inc. $300. apart, house.. $3CC0
25 r., sunny bay window cor., reduced... 2100
24 r., lent $<?0. clears $75, trans.. 3d Bt.... 1150
22 r., rent $37, housekeeping, Third st 350
19 r., rent $75, clears $70, down town.... 1200
10 r., rent $45, clears $40. good fur. carp... 600
7 r., rent $32 50, near Ellis 425
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 1 to 28 r., $250 to $3000.
HEALY & HENDERSON,
We don t keep good houses.
We sell them. See these:
130 rooms;- electric lights $15,000
7-room flat; McAllister Bt 250
9-room flr.t; new; rent $45 750
10 rooms; G. G.; new — fc,o
28 rooms; downtown: elegant 2,500
HEALY & HENDERSON,
6 Eddy et., 18 and 19; Phone James 277L
13 ROOMS on O'Farrell st; cheap; price $650.
12 rooms on Second st; great bargain; price
J225.
21 rooms on Eddy st. ; great bargain.
20 rooms en Sutter st.; price $800.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold in our
office under a thorough investigation; for any
line of business call at our office. 993 Market
St.. rooms 1 and 2. McBRIDE & CO.. Real
Estate and Auctioneers. .
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
S17 Market St., opposite Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
OWXERS-To effect a quick and satisfactory
sale list your houses with
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st. opp. Mason; phone Mint 1911.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED—
24 rooms, rent $65, part cash : $1000
27 rooms, business corner, cheap rent.... 1S00
25 rooms, rent $50, clears $100 900
10 rooms, cheap rent, N. Market 38C0
120 rooms, rent $110, profits $1600 yearly.. 3500
WINSTON & V.'OLF. 1026 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, 713 Market St., rms. 1, t.
OFFICE NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
He has been in this business 15 years.
He draws up the legal papers free of charge.
He has 4 salesmen — Business is booming.
Money to loan— payable monthly or yearly.
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses.
1C-ROOM new fiat, a bargain for $500
18 rooms: near Market; rent only $55 1400
26 rooms; fine location; rent $100; only.... 1500
50 others to choose from. Call at office and
see list. Will loan you money at lVi%. M.
E. RIVES. S16 Market st; tel. 'Main 128.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
hotels and business chances -can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.;
phone Folsom 1592.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL Continued.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st.
WANTED— Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinists, etc., for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory. SCI Jones st.
ENGLISH Latin, mathematics, literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'FarreU.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
ofLanjruages,S20Post; estab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher: translations. 513 McAllister st.
Chicago Business College, 14*5 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. ?6 mo.
MARY P. WSSTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the stage-. 125 Mason st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
PROF". L. M"ERKl7"experTence"d"teacher ; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st., S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese hefp of afl kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135..
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
MISS BESSIE STOY, having studied art un-
der the best masters of New York and Chi-
cago, and having had many years' experience
in teaching the same, desires a position as
superintendent or teacher of drawing in either
a public or private school. Address MISS
_BESSIE STOY. Louisville, Ky.
YOUNG German girl would like a situation
to do upstairs work and care of children.
Call at 'Si Isis st., off Twelfth, between Fol-
som and Harrison.
COMPETENT young girl would like to do up-
staics work; city references. Please call at
10 Folsom ave., off Folsom st, near Eighth;
no postals answered.
RELIABLE young woman would like position
to do upstairs work and assist in care of
child. Call 118 Wildey ave., off Folsom st,
near Bush.
GIRL wants situation in a small restaurant or
to tend lunch counter; no Sunday work. M.
C, 934 Jackson st.
YOUNG German girl wishes a position to do
second work and sewing. Call 3438 Seven-
teenth st.. city.
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires a situation;
city or country; good references. Address
box 1228, Call office.
YOUNG lady would like a position as stenog-
rapher, typewriter and office assistant. Ad-
dress box 1124, Call office.
A YOUNG ffirl wishes a position at second
work or general housework. Call at 621
Florida st.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman to do light
housework or work by day; references. 3601
Twenty-sixth st.
TWO Swedish ladles want to do washing and
ironing by the day or to take home preferred.
Address 276 Fifth st.
RELIABLE woman wishes to do housework
in American family; no objection to short
distance in country; references. Box 1232, Call.
SITUATION wanted by colored woman as first-
class cook. Call at 253 Jessie st., near 4th.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper.
Call or addres3 2508 California st.
NEAT, competent woman will do housework;
references; wages $20 to $25. 504 O'Farrell st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation; Is good sewer.
Apply at 65 Minna st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day as laun-
dress or house cleaning. 418 Larkin st.
WANTED — By seamstress, plain family sewing;
go out by the day; Jl 10 a day. 354 Grove st.
NEAT, reliable woman wishes to do houee-
cleaning by the day. Apply 513 Shotwell st.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes situation to
do second work and waiting. Call 1512 Baker."
A RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a posi-
tion to do second work and sewing. Call
2832 Howard st
A COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes & slt-
uatlou as chambermaid and seamstress;
wages $25. Apply 407 Harrison st.
I DRESSMAKER being able to give first class
1 city references wishes engagements by the
day; hours 9-6, lunch only: terms $1 50 per
day. Address box 1135, Call office.
DRESSMAKER and ladies' talloress desires
engagements in families or at home. 513
Post st, near Mason.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking by. the day; fit-
ting first-class (children's) clothes specialty;
will go out of city. E. A., 223A Leavenworth.
COLORED girl desires situation as lady's
maid, nurse or second work; good reference;
wages $25. 107 Bernard St., off Leavenworth,
near Pacific.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150 to
$6 week; convenient and " respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
EMPLOY.MEXT W ANTED MALE.
TWO strong Frenchmen, one speaking Spanish
and a little English, understanding 1 horses
and general work, as laborers in wholesale
house, desire positions. Address C. GETI-
TIER, 1008 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; sober, steady and fine all around
man; thorough horseman and driver; very best
references and personal from last employer.
M. M., 221 Sixth st.
EtXPETlIENCED, trustworthy American, good
references, wants country or private place to
care for during owner's absence; accustomed
to orchard, poultry, horses, plain gardening,
etc.; moderate wages. Box 1142. Call office.
INTELLIGENT man, 29 years old, speaks and
writes German and English fluently, wishes
position driving small delivery wagon, col-
lector, or with wholesale house, or any other
position; Al city references. Box 1233, Call.
POSITION in a wholesale or retail grocery
house by a young man lately from the East
with ten years' experience; good references.
Box 1199, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by experienced bedmaker,
gardener, choreman or janitor in private fam-
ily, institution or hotel; good, temperate, in-
dustrious man. Box 1198, Call office.
YOUNG man attending school wants 3 or 4
hours' work each day; chores around bakery,
dishwashing or eny kind of. work. Box 1235,
Call office. /
POSITION wanted as electrician and engineer;
would like to take charge of small plant in
a country town; 7 years in last place. - Box
1234, Call office. _^
YOUNG German wants a position stableman or
any kind of work. Address 38 Ellis st. ; cigar
store.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow, garden, good driver, handy with
tools. Box 1171, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by sober, trustworthy man
about private place or wait at table, or will
take housecleanlng by the day. 1170, Call.
WANTED— A position by a man useful in or
out of the house; handy with tools; an Al
all around man. Box 1200, Call office.
WILL give $5 to person who will get me perma-
nent position in country dry goods or gen-
eral store. Box 1172, Call office.
GARDENER, first-class, single, of long ex-
perience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work wishes a situa-
tion on a private place; no choring. Box 1202,
Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation; first-class New
York and California references; good wages
expected. Address particulars Coachman,
Piedmont, Oakland.
YOUNG man, well educated In German and
English, understands the drug trade, desires
position; very best of references given. Box
999. Call office.
WANTED— By first-class Eastern people, posi-
tion as manager, steward.or chef; hotel, club
or restaurant; references; wife excellent
housekeeper. B. F. G.. 319 Ellis St.
YOUNG- man, : understands care of horses;
drive; milk cows; light work; small wages.
PETER CUSICK, 32 East St., Dewey House.
AN HONEST Japanese boy wants a position
as schoolboy in a small family. U. • YA-
MANE, 807 Polk St. ,
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning and laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE, 20 Prospect
place. ' \u25a0 :
ELDERLY man wishes position in lodging
house; any v kind light work. Box 1179, Call.
MAN familiar with " the city will drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 1203,' Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Bt.
lLOJT>GI^G_Jjt£i;SES FOR SALE Con.
J1S0— 6vROOMS ar.d bath; 5 neatly furnished;
rent $14; good location: a bargain. FRANK
E. DENNEN. 14 McAllister St.. room 2S.
IN a good location, who has it, a business or
lodging-house for sale that clears $100 month.
Box 1144. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^51RsT~DR. FARNHAM, spirluiaPlnedium
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
A.— MUSTAFA Egyptian materializing seance
to-night, 8, 50c; sittings daily. 1610 Bush at.,
near Franklin.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak st. : circles Tuesday
and Friday. S p. m. ; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, .Thursday, 8:15 p. m. ; 23c; readings daily.
2S9 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
Hie reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. Jl;
letter, ?2. , 1164 O'Farrell St.; Kllis car.
PROF. GEE, 10S 6th— Readings 50c and Jl; cir.
every night ex. Sun., 10c; tel. Howard 1125.
MRS. LESTER, circle S p. m., 10c; readings
50c and JL 14S Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
EARLH. independent s'.ate writer; 328 Ellis; tel. j
Polk 1601; seance Tues... Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m. !
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S25 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: Eittinga daily: teat to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. Sha
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
Bcrlptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and,
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with, special terms. Daily and Sunday.
FREE IF NOT CORRECT.
Permanently located in my own home, WES-
LEY ORMAN, psychic, i trance, clairvoyant
medium. Those calling to-day will receive
the beneSt of my lowest fee, $1; hours, 10
a. m. to 7:30 p. m. 417 Ellis st.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail: permanently
located at 126 Turk St.; readings by mail.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight: i
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents Jl; palm, and clair. sit. ?1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
HETURNEI>-Mme. La Normand, great clair-
voyant and card-reader; 25c up. 844 A Howard
st. ; hours 1 to 8. j
Miss M.Wille.326A Ellis et., greatest of all crys- j
tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names :
given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mall Jl. |
BROCK WAY tells everything; If you are con-
templating a change In business or social life
consult him. 299 Hyde St., corner Eddy.
MADAME NATTLLA, clairvoyant and palmist;
one question free; advice on business and so-
cial matters; psychic healing. 334 O'Farrell.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana ;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2152 Minna st., nr. Fourth.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German irpoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th. I
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business j
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- j
ing Works, 253-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40. j
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning,' 3c: laying; I
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission. J
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS. j
PARRY, 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1093.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
3c; renovated; relaid. 105 14th St.; tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. "WALCQM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BTTNIONS. corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. ' room 307.
j COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— JCo charge un-
less successful. Room 310. S»27 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency room
85. 916 Markot. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling Jl 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to ?10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plate3 our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years' j
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, (3 50; fillings,
50c; plates. J5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work dcin»
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st .
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $t; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Bt.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; Phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES^
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 610, Exam-
iner building; telephone John 381; reliable
work and efficient service guaranteed.
DOG HOSPITALS.
i DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 101a Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Sc1i6^)L^F^L^C^rIcAL~ENgT^
NEER1NG — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Po»t st., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market-
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeuing, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; <:at. free
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF" MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
\u25a0 engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER -
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. -
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated- with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldjr. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 186-t. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
TIL'PINJ-fS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call. ctinMT of Market and Third streets; open
•_r t;l 1* o'clock <.vory night in the ye»r.
DRANCa OFFICES— D27 Montgomery street,
ccmcr Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
T-W' HajtB street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3 McAllister Bireet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C!5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IWI UisMon street; open until 10 p. m.
2'JC1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh 6trect; open until 9 p. m.
J»G Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmnre street; o;»cn until 9 p. m.
" CHLKCM SEItVlCES.
SPECIAL Notice— A 5 days' conference for
Bible study begins Wednesday. October 16, in
C.tv Hall Suuare meeting hall. Meetings 10
a. m. 3 p. m. and 8 p. m. daily. Public In-
vited. 17 City Hall square. Seats free.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
UXCEIvSIOR Lodge No. 1GS, F. and A. \u25a0
U.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- li
jUVi EVENING. October 16. at 7:30 foj\
o'olovk Second degree. By order of / V 1
the W. iL H. J. OWEN. Sec
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Calle.1 meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _i\_
EVi:XlNG, at 7:20 o'clock. First de- J__aC
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec. /V<
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. \u25a0
M.— D. 2d. THIS October 16. at 7:30^^^
n m. By order cf the W. M. >SJ*?
H. FORTRIEDE, Sec / xF *
VALLEY Lodge No. 30. A. O. U. "W., v <^&>
Instituted April 24. 1S7S, meets THIS jjJffSss
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 8 E&KS
o'clock, in Pioneer Hall, 24 Fourth *-SS<V
t-t. All members of the order are cordially
invited to attend. F. W. HARRIS, M. W.
THUS. H. LORD. Recorder.
KATZONAX* UNION, Ca:i- ttiaSBtRTN
forma Council. meets
TO-NIGHT at Pioneer ' '"Bk
Hall. Fourth street, at
t o'clock 'fin its new hall). Visiting friends
cordially Invited. By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President
C. H. VAN OHDEN. Secretary. £
THE Sens of the American Revolution will
celebrate the 12ith anniversary of the surren- |
der of General Burgoyne at Saratoga, at ;
Golden Gate Kail, THURSDAY EVENING,
Oeto!v-r 17 6:S0 o"clock. The speakers will be
General James F. Smith, President J. E.
Piubbi-. University cf Nevada; Professor B. !
E. Howard of Stanford, and Hon. Van R. j
Peterson. Pupper will be served by Ludwig.
TicKels can be had of Byron Mauzy, SOS Post
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Calaveras Mining. Water J
and Power Company, in the Johnston and
ecott Hill mines, near San Andreas, Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings In Willow Creek;
from Charles Hilton, in the Calvaritae Hill
mine, at Calvaritas. Calaveras County, to de-
posit tailing's in gulches draining into O'Neill
• r.<i San Antonio Creeks; and from Manuel
Leal ar.d A. Rose, in the South Honcut mine,
in Yuba Cour.ty. near Banger, to deposit tail-
ings in South Hnncut Creek, eives notice that
a mrrtins wTTl be held in room 59, Flood |
fcuildlnsr. San Francisco, CaL. on October 2S,
WU, at l:C0 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of
*tnckholders cf the Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Crn.pany will be held at the office ct the com-
pany. 327 Market Et., In the City and County
cf Han Francisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, October 23, 1901, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m. for the purpose of amend-
ing section I of article II of the by-laws and
for the transaction of Euch other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
Will close on Saturday. October 12. 190L at 12
c' clock noon. By order of the president.
H. "W. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGEXTS _U*AXTED.
AGENTS xranted— Life of McEanley. 500 pages;
be.«=t bock; 109 illustrations; outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C MIL-
LER & CO., Portland Or.
Al AGENTS in every town for McKlnley sou-
venir I'lcturep; fast sellers; cample 7c in post-
ape. HAGEXS & CO.. 50S California 6t_, 8. F.
AGENTS — Tou cr.n now get "McKinley" books
from R. R. PATTERSON, 423 Montgomery st
AGENT vanted for good business; apply at
onoe. I'DV. Winchester Hotel: 10 to 2.
ADOPTIOX.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homss for healthy in-
fants. Dr. Emille Funke.1416 Sth ct.. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, aEphalt roofing, Eldewalks re-
paired; postal. US'? Mission; teL Folsom 2477.
AS TROLOCY.
PP.OF. liOUSSEA". astrologist; complete life
reading, :0c; by mail, SOc. 11C3 Market et.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE aovTc^jTlirVERDENAL, attorney, 314
Montgomery st.— Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought: money loaned; insurance SOc
on riOO. P. B. TUAVEKS, evenings. 41S»4 Post.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections;attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partr.erEhipE;defdr.;wills drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THURSTOK, 1008V4 MkU. r. 4, opp. fctb.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick
quiet; no rfiarge without success; collections,
Villa deeds, etc. prepared; charge low; estb.
16 ye-ars. Atty. G. W. HO\VE, 850 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless Euccessful. W.
%_ DAVIDSON. P27 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE frc-«s moderate fee if successful; of floe
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT, 927 Market.
L. F. CLARK, Emma Epreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free; no fe«s in advance.
IIOARJDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low termK- 7607 California St.
BOOKS — NEW AXD OLD.
EOOKS of every kind bought TeL Red 2556.
HOI.MKS BOOK CO.. 7&4-TC6-70S Mission »t.
BUREAU TRl'XKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, 826 Howard.
BfSIXESS CHJWCES.
A— JI^'j; BAKERY and restaurant; established
for years; doing a first-class paying business.
Cell R. G. WILKE, 2£»i Kearny Bt.
A— fl&M; hakery in Western Addition; estab-
lished 26 years; rent $45; 2 horses, 1 wagon;
most store trade; baking 2 barrels per day.
_ Particulars K. G. WILKE, SS»i Kearny st.
A— $500; RESTAURANT and chop bouse;
latliet' rooms; dally receipts about $45; rent
S5C; best location. Tenderloin district. Call
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— %V>'r. COOD-PATING saloon, close to the
water front; rent $25; must be sold at once, as
owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny el
A-i:00; CORNER saloon on Mason St.; rent
J25; good business; must be sold at once;
owner a<:e«pvr<l Government position. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A— Si:;; PARTNER wanted In good paying
reetauraot on water front. Call R. G
\u25a0.WILKE. 26ii Kfarny st. '
A— flQOS: COFFEE saloon and lunch room In
wholesale- district; no rent; daily receipts
rroTn J35 to $40; help expenses only $5 per day
Ca'.l It. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
A— $So0; DELICACY and pork store with 3
living rooms; rent $14; business established
Jtars and clearing above $100 per month. Call
_3 G " WILKE - - 6^ Kearny et.
ATTENTION, first-class saloon men! Owing
to peculiar circumstances the most elegantly
eppoint«»d and best paying saloon and grill
in this State is offered at a sacrifice; average
daily business about J125; over $3500 stock of
liguors ami cigars on hand; business actually
woii.li JlO.CCfi. but will sell at invoice cost.
N. P. SICKELS-the-LAND AGENT 6
C^iiry Ftreet.
A— $;:•<?: CIGAR Etore; Market 8t.; good trade-
t: bargain.-* STRAND & CO.. 203 Kearny st. '
A— HV): CORNER saloon; No. 1 location; full
Vfaiue; a bargain. STRAND, 208 Kearny st.
tk.-43.fn; OSSU'-RR shop; Rood traile; rent $10-
lar/nUn. BTHANP * CO., 203 Kearny st.
A— WE liuy, sell or exchange bu«?:n<jss rf any
kind. STItANP & <;O.. 2"9 Kearny st.
A— CXOAtt stand netting $4 daily sacrificfd on
account «'. death. Auk HEDGES BROS., 410
I'arrott building.
A— IF you "want a business, one that will pay
S2-"><; per month lro:n the start, fcee HEDGES
HUGS.. 410 Parrott build'np.
AN o'idKstablishH, centrally located wine
house, handsomely furnished, doing good ex-
tensive bar trade-; tui table for one or two
men; rp'ondid investment for moderate cap-
itai; owner retires from business. Inquire
H. L. P.EA. 403 Yi'ashir.glon st.
FOI1 ::aj»— A well-fitted up saloon on Market
Bt. : on account of death will be sold at a bar-
pain: no agents. Apply McLEOD & HATJE.
ri5 Varfcet rt.
CHOP house at a great eacrifico: price $125;
clearing *iC0 a month: must be cold at once.
McBRIDE & CO., S&J Market St.
SALOON; all new fitted up; good stock; rent
?*j; pood business; mast seli; leaving city: in-
;. vctttgatc.* MITCHEIli & CO.. 1206 Market st.
BHANCH hak«>i y; H.iyes Valley; half iis value
If £old at once. ETANTON, 54 Kearny st.
HELP WAKTBO- — M A , >jF; *T"5l**"'_ , JU
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters: j;ood wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and Iodised on
steamer lying alongside; men workir.K for
the csmcany and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ay-
play to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
COREMAKERS wanted at the Rlsdon Iron
Works. San Francisco: steady employment;
excellent Inducements. Apply at office. Beala
and Howard sts.
WANTED— Nov. 1, for law office, stenographer
and typist, 16 to IS, who desires to study law.
Address P. O. box 237. Merced, Cal., in hia
handwritins.
. _____________—————
TWO barbers on per cent. 532 Third st.
COOK wanted at Manhattan House. S25 Battery
street.
YOUNG man waiter wanted; wages $20. 133
Powell st.
PLUMBER'S helper wanted. 630 Post 3t.
WANTED— Errand boy who can read and
write, immediately. 509 Kearny St.. room 2.
GET your shoes half-aoled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d gta.
WANTED— An elderly man to do chores around
a bakery. 1139 Folsom gt.
GOOD barber wanted. 1207 Scott st.
WAITER wanted; must understand how to
open oysters. 37 Fourth st.
A YOUNG man who understands sewing and
pressing at ladies' tailoring. 524 Poat 8t.
"WANTED— Good barber for country; steady
job. Call 225^4 Montgomery ave.
WANTED— Lunch cook for saloon. $7 & week.
Corner Spear and Mission ata.
LUNCH waiter. 315 Grant avenue.
WANTED— First-class waiter. 29 Stockton St.
WANTED Boy to work in second-hand furni-
ture store. Apply 1324 Stockton at.
WANTED — Recruit* for the marine corps. U.
5 navy able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the agea of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet I
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellla st.. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mlnlne Co..
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st., room 25. San Fran-
claco, Cal. ________________
WANTED— A bright, active young man bet.
the agea of 23 and 33, of good address, to so-
licit savings accounts for local bank; can
make frfom $3 to $10 per day; references re-
qulred. Address box 970. Call.
TAILORS— A first-class ladles' tailor to work
on jackets and skirts for Santa Rosa; must
be rapid. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO..
corner Second and Market sta.
"WANTED— Expert stenographer and book-
keeper for commission house, either lady or
gentleman. Address, stating wages, age and
experience, box 1190. Call office. \u25a0_
WANTED— Sober, reliable youne man with
some cash; $60 month; no experience neces-
sary; close Sundays. Apply 1221 Market St..
room 1.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third »t. ; 150 large
I rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required: tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St.
BOY in gents' furnishing store; must under-
stand something of the business and make
himself useful; $5 per week. 535 Valencia gt
-WAN'^cU — Young man. stenographer and type-
writer, in mercantile house; city references
required. Address box 1137, Call office.
BARBER shop for sale at a bargain: 2 revolv-
ing chairs and panel glass; all good as new.
Inquire at 32^ Market st.
WANTED— Bright office boy; wholesale gro-
cery house; salary $1 week and prospects.
Address box 1128. Call .of flee.
BAEBE3 shop with baths and good paying
cigar stand for sale. M. BERNSTEIN.
Tiburon^
FIRST-CLASS lunch counter waiter for coun-
try hotel in Nevada; wages $35 per month
and found. Address box 1178, Call office.
WANTED — Young man handy with tools to set
up toys. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11
a. m.
"WANTED— First-class experienced dry goods
wrapper for delivery department. Apply box
1132. Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop; Santa Rosa; well lo-
cated: good business; cheap. C. A. BRO-
BACK. 319 Fourth st. Santa Rosa. Cal.
WANTED— Good errand boy at RAPHAEL'S.
I WANTED— Cash boys. Apply before 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.. Inc.
"WANTED — First class ladles' tailor. BARON.
22-24 Grant ave.. ladles' tailor.
WANTED— Strong boy for wholesale house.
Addres3, stating age, box 1204. Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, ha.ll
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
STRONG boy to help plumber and for shop;
references. Box 968, Call.
IRONMOLDERS and machinists wanted. 80*
Mission st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; oatalogn*
mailed. S. F. Barber College. .741A Howard.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
SAILORS ordinary, for shlpa for all parts of,
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart gt.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second^
hand shoes for sale; SOc up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelaa
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; fra«
"bus and baggage to and *rom ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmora st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A HUNDRED head of well broke Gere aa
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON, at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market st.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sal*
"Wednesday. October 16th, at 11 a. m., at th»
Arcade Horse Market. 327» Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
WANTED — A team of carria«a horses, not over
lfj'.i hands, weight from 1100 to 1200 pounds:
must be sound and "well broken: give prlc«
and particulars. Box 1230, Call office.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
MEDIUM top buggy and set harness.' $40. NE.
cor. Scott and Ellis st3., forenoon.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
6 CO.. 25 Doze St., S. .F.
FOR SALE— Two good horses cheap. 3077 Six-
teenth st.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands: sound, gentle. E. 3.. 7S1 Howard st.
A BARGAIN in Rcod carriage, saddle, business
and road ncr&es. DALZIEL. 603 G. G. *ve.
3 DOUBLE teams for sale. Apply D. RING.
1942 Union st. » ; \u25a0--''
CHEAP- New panel body delivery. 1 Iiundry. 1
baker* 8, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL -kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon., single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. V. Vet.
Col.. 510 G. G. avq.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dc-fin.
HOSPITALS. , - r.^.^v^.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass st.^S. F
IIOCSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; Send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMESEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent — An elegantly furnished 9-room
house: reasonable: no small children: call
mornings bet. 10 and 12. 142S Fulton st.
A-l-SUNNY; 10 rooms, bath. 1323 Bush st.,
near Van Ness ave.
HOtSKS TO LU'l' K'tlt.MSUUU.
A &UNNY cottage, 6 rooms, bath, piano.
chickens, fruit trees; Alameda: * a block from
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. M? Market.
HOUSES WASTED.
\V ANTED— Furnished house about - 8 rooms,
bath, garden, yard, dry cellar, marine view:
on or near car line: between Jones an.l
Stelner, California and Vallcjo sts. ; three
adults. Address B, Call branch office, SOU
Fillmore st.
. FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mlnipg
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office.. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
MODERN sunny flat of 6 rooms. 1130 Golden
. Gate ave., near Webster st.
FLATS TO LET — KUKXISHED.
NEW upper 10-room flat; bay-window in every
room; fine view; elegant grounds; northwest
corner Portola st. and Duboce Park, off Wal-
ler, bet. Pierce and Stelner.
PARTLY furnished lower flat to let. 1124 Tay-
lor st. '
FLATS WASTED,
WANTED— Small cottage or fiat, with barn
for one horse, in Mission. Box 1180, Call.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLEr7~12S-130 Hayes, nrTV. Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
. $1— Solid oak chair; factory price. \u25a0
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Eeary'a Credit House, 1423 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $4S 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— Furniture of 5 rooms and bath.
912 _llis St.; rent $18: sunny side..
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms; call from 1 to 4;
no dealers. 353 Fourth st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.: phone Jessie 2071.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market: tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, 92S Howard st,
tel. Jessie 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. STORRS, C34 Ellis st; telephone Larkin
2782: highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
25 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, city
and country; laundress, country, $25; sales-
lady and cashier, delicatessen store, $5 w«k;
experienced cashier, restaurant, $7 week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT."
A choice place for cook, short distance. *30;
2 first-class places, cooks, city, $30; house-
girl, no wauh, country, tare paid, \u2666*>;;
cook on ranch, $20, fare paid; cook, small
sanitarium. $25: housegirl, city, $30; woman
with a. child, $12; 6 second girls, $20 and $25.
C. K. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
COOK for 14 students, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
GIRL to wash dishes and wait at table at noon,
no Sunday work, $5 week. C. R. HANSEN
& C. 104 Geary st
COOK, nice country hotel, see party here, $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. '.
A.— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO
Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $25; 8 waitresses, first-class
country hotels. $20 and $25; 4 waitresses, city,
$20; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7; 2 chamber-
maids, wait, $20 and $22 50.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30 to $35: cook, 2 in family, $30; wait-
ress and parlor maid. $25; German nurse-
girl, 1 baby, $20; 4 housegirls. $25. Many
other choice places; best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO .....335 Geary st
MISS HORGAN ....323 Sutter st.
Cook short distance in country, $35, American,
famiiy; housegirl, city, $30; 4 cooks. German
style, $30; housegirl, 2 in family, $25; second
girl, small family, $25; , nurse, assist with
chamber work, $25; chambermaid, $20; 4 walt-
resses, $20 and S25.
A PROMINENT wholesale firm offers tem-
porary positions to 8 young women at $1 25 a
day, who can bring us proof that during the
last term of the High School they have re-
ceived no less than 90 per cent in deportment,
90 per cent in arithmetic and 95 per cent in,
writing. Address, giving full particulars in
own handwriting, box 1186, Call office.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work in family of 3; wages $20; references,
required: call afternoons thl3 week. 71 Pierce
st; Haieht-st. car.
WANTED— Maid and chambermaid; must be
first-class seamstress: city references* re-
quired. Call 1930 Pacific ave., between 12
and 2 and 5 and 7 p. m.
WOMAN wanted for general housework. C6
Carmellto st., between Pierce and Scott, off
Waller.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, assist light house-
work, care of one child; good home; call be-
fore 12. 63 Chattanooga st, near 22d.
WANTED— Competent woman to do cooking
and housework; 2 in family; cottage; call 10
to 12 a- m. 1453 Oak st.
WANTED— A neat young girl to assist in gen-
eral housework; wages $12 to $15. Apply 4237
Twentieth st, near Castro.
VEST finishers wanted; also apprentices; paid
while learning; buttonhole makers. 509 Kear-
ny st, room 2.
YOUNG girl or elderly woman; light house-
work; good home; fair wages.' Call 39 Market
St., restaurant.
COMPETENT young girl for general house-
work, small American family; wages $25. In-
quire after 9 a. m. at 712 Cole st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing in small family; wages $20. Inquire 2065
Bush st. •
A PRESSER for ladles' underwear. BAUER
BROS., 21 Sansome st.
ERRAND girl. 121 Post St., room 3L
OPERATOR on pants; one who can finish.
935 Market st., room 16.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evenlns.
A WILLING young girl to assist with house-
work; $10 to $12. 1362 Geary st
GIRL for general housework. 1617 Twenty-
third -ave.. East Oakland. ;
WANTED— Competent girl to do general house-
work and cooking. 138 Twelfth st.
GIRL for general housework. 2102 Golden
Gate ave.
SEAMSTRESS for dressmaking; also appren-
tice. 1S5 Geary st., Spring Valley bldg., r. 129.
STRONG girl or woman for general housework;
$20; ring bell upstairs. 246 Sixth st.
A BRIGHT and dressy young woman for a
country home. Box 1229. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS skirt finisher. DANZIGER, 237
Powell st.
WANTED-A young girl for general housework
and plain cooking. 7S6 Union st.
WANTED— A good plain cook. Dewey House,
47 Steuart St., room 3. ,
DRESSMAKER and apprentice. 746 Howard
st, between Third and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS dining-room girl. Capitol Res-
taurant, 2C6 McAllister St.
A YOUNG girl to take care of baby. 61 Pcnd
st, bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
GOOD girl for general housework and cook-
ing. 3100 Jackson st. »
COMPOSITOR— Girl on straight matter. 530
Commercial st.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl to assist with
housework; wages $15. 1632 Union st.
GIRL for light housework. Apply>1389 O'Far-
rell st.
DRESSMAKER'S assistant, also , apprentice;
paid while learning. 1800 Post st
"WANTED — Yoimg- woman for light housework.
Apply 2515% Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young lady stenographer and type-
writer, capable of assisting bookkeeper; sal-
ary $7 per week; steady position to right
party. Address H. N. C, box 1188, Call office.
WANTED— Girl, 14 to 16, to assist in care of 2
children and liKht work. 403 Fair Oaks st,
corner Twenty-fifth. \u25a0 . *
"WANTED — Girl for general housework: 3 in
family; pay $15; call between 9 and 11 a. m
2525 Folsom st.
WANTED— Pantaloon finishers. 734 Montgom-
ery st.. room 1.
PROTESTANT, girl: light housework; small
washing; wages $15. Apply 432 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED— First-olass skirt hands D M
DAVIDSON. 52 First st. "
I GOOD Swedish ironing girls for laundry. 331
1 Geary st.
GIRL wanted for general housework in small
family; German preferred. • Call at 1334 Ellis.
GIRL to assist with children ; $10 pe- — mnth-
sleep home. 1412 Washington st.
HELP WASTKD FEMALK— Con.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS &\u25a0 CO.'S overall factory, 321-s
Fremont St.; good wages ; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
- ligee shirts: also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction: paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; manicur-
ing and facial massage included; entire
course $5; positions positively PJ«™teed:
four good positions waiting. S. F. College.
143 Stockton st.. room 15. ; ;
WANTED-Tailoress, regular 2 -^;
a-day pants finisher; *10 a week: extra pay
for not ordinary work; always steady. Taitor.
box 1177. Call office. •_
WANTED— Experienced operator on buttonhole
machine; also operator on women s waists
and wrappers. MARKS BROa., 1212-A214
Market st. .
EXPERIENCED operators on n *BliSee- bM^s:
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERO. &
CO.. 27 Jessie St.. oth floor.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants: one who can
finish; also first-class finisher; good pay; call
ready to work. 1000 Harrison St., cor. Slxtn.
GIRL for general housework; four In family;
wages $25 to $30. Call before 11 a. m.. 1S36
Broadway. •\u25a0
WANTED— A good girl for cooking and down-
stairs work; good wages. Apply 3601 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class finishers on coats.
BARON. 22-24 Grant ave.. Ladies' Tailor.
NEAT, reliable girl; German preferred: house-
work; small family; refs.; $20. 851 Fulton «t.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 3 in
family. Call between 9 and 12. 1705 Gough st.
WANTED— Girl to assist housework. 2112
Green st. ; wages $15; call after 8.
WANTED— Business woman attend lodginB-
house department. 1159 Mission. 9 to 11 a. m.
WANTED— Girl for housework and plain cook-
ing; wages $20. 1023 O'Farrell st.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework;
wages $20. Apply 1321 Mason st.
WANTED-rWomen for light work on fruit
1731 Folaom gt. •.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st^
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A^MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
500 R. R. MEN FREE FARE
UKIAH
C. N. W. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
UKIAH
B0 teamsters, Uklah Free Fare
50 laborers, Ukiah Free Fare
50 steel and ballast men, Uklah — Free Fare
SHIP TWICE TO-DAY
...FOR A LARGE SAWMILL COMPANY...
FARE PAID SEE BOSS HERE
10 laborers to work in mills and yards, $35
and found, fare paid, see boss here 10 a. m.
to-day; 10 laborers, pile lumber In yards,
$37 50 and found and overtime, fare paid, see
boss here; screw turner, sawmill company,
$75, see boss here, fare paid; dogger* for saw-
mill company, $67 50, fare paid, see boss here. .
MECHANICAL HELP
2 carpenters for a mining company $75
2 boilermakers, large . company $3 60 day
Man to run separator and gasoline engine,
dairy ranch, see boss here; horse shoer camp,
near city $52
Wagon-maker, country shop.... $40 and found
2 coopers, slack work, eee boss here; bench
hand, $3 day; furnace man; stonecutter, etc.;
blacksmith helper, ranch, $35 and found.-
MISCELLANEOUS
, LABORERS
2 single hand miners, gold mine $75
Young man to help surveyor $150 day
4 laborers, no experience required, brick
yard, board home, steady Job, jl 75 day; 10
laborers, no experience, San Mateo .Co., $34
and found
5 laborers, no experience, to work in brush
for a large company, $60, fare paid; 5 quarry
men, $60; 5 muckers, $55 and found
4 laborers, surface work, mine. .$30 and found
10 2-horse teamsters, country $2 day
10 4-horse teamsters, country $2 25 day
MARRIED HELP ,
Choreman and wife, small institution; man
and wife, mining company $47 50 and found
Farmer and wife, small place... $35 and found
50 woodchoppers
CHEAP FARES TO
....SHASTA AND TRINITY COUNTIES....
250 drillers and laborers $2 50 and $2 day
SHIP EVERY NIGHT
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Assistant nurse, institution $25 and found
Baker, country hotel $40 and found
Chef cook, eating-house $50 and found
Cook, mechanics' hotel, $150 fare. ...$50 and fd
Sausage-maker, mining company $40 and fd
Cakebaker, country shop $40 and found
Waiter and open oysters, $30 to $35; 2 restau-
rant waiters, city, $40 and $35; 2 waiters, first-
class country hotel, $30 and found ; pantry-
man, country hotel, $30; dishwasher, mine,
$20. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COACHMAN, $35 and found; setter for mill: 2
carpenters for sawmill, $2 50 per day; cut-off
sawyer, $2 to $2 25 a day; box nailers; job-
bing carpenter, $3 50 a day; slack work coop-
ers. $35 and found; milk wagon driver, $40
and room; woodworker and blacksmith, $40
and found: blacksmith helper, $2 a day; stick-
er man and matcher for country. 30c an hour;
milker; teamster, $2 to $2 25 a day; labor-
ers for quarry, $3 a day; screw turner, $45
and board: laborers about mill. $26 to $30 and
board, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento St.
STEWARD and wife as waitress, country ho-
tel, $60; boarding-house cook, $40 and found;
2 restaurant cooks, $10 a week: lunch-counter
waiter for Nevada, $33 and found; waiters,
dishwashers and others. J. K. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St., nr. Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405. r
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
50 railroad teamsters for Ukiah $2 to $2 25
50 laborers for Ukiah $2 perday
FREE FARE
6 laborers, new job. near city $2 per day
20 laborers for quarry $2 to $2 50 per day
6 laborers, country, 6 months" work, $25 & bd.
6 laborers, near city, $1 25 and board.
6 pick and shovel men, city, $3 for 9 hours,
board at home or where you please.
Oysterman. hotel, city, $40 and board.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st
Man about place, country $30
Man for private place, country $25
Gardener for commercial place $30
Butter maker, milk and chores $30
Farmer, steady place, near city $25
laborer for foundry $1 75 a day
Choreman for ranch. $30
2 waiters, country hotel :$25 and fare
6 four-horse scraper teamsters $2 25 a day
10 shovelers for ditch $2 25 a day
ANDRE'S OFFICE 316 STOCKTON ST.
Assistant nurse, city, $25 and found; butler,
$30; waiter, country, $30; coachman, country,
$30; dairyman, $25 to $30: second cook, $75;
cook, small coffee house, $30; dishwashers, $25
and $6 a week; oysterman, $40, etc
A YOUNG man about 17 or 13 years aa clerk-
in grocery; no experience necessary; $5 week
and found. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International tnlon
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for
a plain every day business; will pay $60 to
$65 a month; experience not required; place
permanent. Apply 765 Market st, room 3.
$100— GERMAN lady wants elderly man as
partner in cigar store: full value in stock.
Particulars at 257 Fourth st., cigar store, cor.
Folsom.
COATMAKERS and panta and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO 24
Sutter st.
BOY about 15 to run errands and deliver pack-
ages; must reside with parents. MARSH _
KIDD CO.. 526 Market st. """»« «
WANTED— First-class accountant; also male
stenographer. E. B. & A. L. STONE CO
902 Broadway, Oakland. . ''
WANTED-Boy, 14 to 16, to learn the upho'-
Btery and drapery business. Apply at 473
FIRST-CLASS dyer and cleaner wanted at
BakersfleM, 6 CaL WwlM - A " C JAC OBSON,
I WANTED-Good driver for bottling works-
l Ad t dre S S^ a b?x t 12^f h (k man: ""^ have purity.'
BOYS wanted; good wages. Apply DelFverv dT
ssaisss^t Unlon Telegraph c °^S;
wa£ a y $lTt n o M* ££{
per month. 243 Fifth st. d board
• 39 , Ca11 CRAro"iH5iriyl5r.
BOY wanted to do general work- r »f.«.«.'
_quired. L. SAMTm^SgTsig m'"°^'
F^J^Rfn a^°L^ T - H - HUFSCHMIDT,
ERRAND boy want^ltjWftstAv. st
A C S om^ O e?c?al b s°t y tO fj| *
at 15^1^^-^
WAITER at 619 Montgomery st.PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— ... ;
100 Aztec 103
300 Aztec 1 «>>
1000 Bear Flag - 65
1000 Lion, s 60 07
1000 Lion, a 60 06
1000 Monarch of Arizona « .» 20
250 Monte Crlaio 165
100 Petroleum Center 06
1000 Reed Crufie. a 30 3$
300 Sterling — 132%
60 Thirty-Three v 7 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— -;
100 Cala-Stand&rd 21
E00 Giant 30
2100 Junction, a 90 13
1000 Junction 19
SO Kern ~«- 5 59
2600 Monarch of Arizona 20
200 Monarch of Arizona 21
25 Monte Criato 1 55
200 Reed Crude 35
25 Twenty-Eight 153
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday u
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 07|120O Ophir 77
BOO Chollar 06 209 Overman- W
300 Chollar .... 07 200 Savage 13
1400 Con Cal & Va.l 70 200 Sierra Nevada. 15
100 Confidence- 70 109 Silver Hill ... 23
200 Mexican IS 60 Standard 4 00
100 Mexican 17 100 Yellow Jacket. CD
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 16 300 Ophlr SO
100 Chollar 08 200 Potosl 07
200 Con Cal & Va.l 75 500 Sierra Nevada. 18
30fr Mexican 18 1000 Yellow ' Jacket. OS
200 Ophir W
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
\u25a0 -"."\u25a0> Morning Session.
200 Andes 05 500~Mex!can 17
600> Best & Belcher 16 300 Mexican ....... 13
100 Con Cal & Va.l .0 300 Ophir 77
100 Con Cal & V.I 77^ 500 Potosl 07
100 Confidence 70 500 Savage 13
600 Gould & Curry 04 1500 Yellow Jacket. 06
Afternoon Session.
400 Best & Belcher 16 700 Qphir 73
300 Chollar 08 500 Savag« 12
600 Con Cal & Va.l 73 500 Utah 01
200 Mexican IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
- TUESDAY. Oct 15—4 p. m.'
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 02 C4
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — 03
Andes 04 06 Lady Wash .. 01 ' —
Belcher 07 08 Mexican 17 i»
Best & Belcher 15 16 Occidental 04 OS
Bullion — 02 Ophlr 77 73
Caledonia — 32 Overman 03 03
Challenge Con. 11 12 Potosl 06 07
Chollar ........ 07 09 Savage 11 12
Confidence 69 71 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 70 1 75 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada.' 16 IT
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill .... 28 SO
Crown Point... 07 08 St Louia 04 —
Eureka Con .. 14 — Standard ~....8 90 —
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry 03 05 Union Con .... 15 18
Hale & Norcrs 14 16 Utah 03 04
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 06 07
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
Edward A. and Laura B. M. Kluegel to
Walter H. Linforth, lot on NW corner of
Washington and Leavenworth streets,»N 70 by
W. 137:6; $10.
Edward J. Moran to Milton H. Landers, lot
on W line of Second avenue, 100 S of Clement
-street, S 25 by W 120;, $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Thomas M. God
frey, lots 9 to 11. block B, Getz Addition to
Lakeview; $10.
Henry and Margaretha Hollman to Missionary
Society of the United ICvangellcal Church (cor
poration) of Harrlsburg, Pa., lot on NW lino
of Paris street, 150 SW of China avenue, SW
25 by NW 100, block 13, Excelsior Homestead;
gift.
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth. executrix) to T. Patereon Ross,
lot 8. block F, Sunset Heights; $720.
Bessie H. and Herman Nolt to Dorothea M.
Klumpke, lot on W line of Valencia street,
71:714 S of Twenty-second. S :1 by W 72:4%; $1.
Kate Theresa Norton to C A. Malm, lot
on SW corner of California and Buchanan
street. W 81:3 by S 55; $10. -
William H. Chapman (as trustee William H.
Norton, under trust deed In 1896 D. 43) to
same, same; $13,000.
Mary Gilroy (widow) to Giuseppe Mauzino,
lot on S line of Sacramento street, 137:6 E of
Baker, E 27:6 by S 132:6; $10.
William McCracken to Alfred Olson, lot on
E line of De Long avenue, 243:9 N of Fred
erick street. N 125 by E 80; $10. !'\u25a0..-
City and County of San Francisco to Abra
ham R. and Mary E. Poole. lot on NW corner
of Seventeenth and Church streets, W 49:3 by
N 80; $ .
Robert C. Clark (estate Elizabeth E. Clark),
James H., Charles, Daniel, Henry, Cornelius
and John Carter. Mary and A. W. Buell. Jen
nie Rynes. A. J. Henry and City Street Im
provement Company (by. W. J. Kennedy, com
missioner) to O. D. Baldwin, lot on SE line
of Market street, 269:7% SW of Noe, SW 32:10%,
S 110:2, E 25, N 131:6%; $3250.
Frederick F. Shoettler to William E. G.
McDougall. lot on W line of Church street, 55
N of Jersey, N 25 by W 75; $10. • „
William J. and Eliza L. Herrmann to Leonore
H. Ginno (wife of W. J.), lot on S line of
Union street, 110 W of Taylor, W 27:6 by S
120; $10.
Charles D. Cushing to Anna Cushlng (wife),
lot on N line of Washington street, 252:1 W
of Leavenworth, . W 22:11 by N 137:6; also lot
on N line of Sacramento street, 113:9 E of
Larkin. E 23:9 by N 137:6; also lot on SE cor
ner of Twenty-fifth avenue and O street, E
32:6 -by S 100; gift.
Mary B. Tobin (widow) to Lillle D. Trow
bridge, lot on SE line of Market street, 300
NE of Fourth, NE 25 by SE 100; $10.
Christoph E. and Mrs. J. Spannagel . to Nat
T. Coulson. lot on NE line of Moss street or
Moss place, 105 NW of Folsom, NW 50 by NE
75; $10. \u25a0. \u25a0
Charles H. and Frances A. Reynolds to
Joseph A. Donohoe, lot on SW corner of. Forty
second avenue and B street. W 240 by S 225;
also lot on NW corner of C street and Forty
second avenue. N 225 by W 240; also lots 1 to
4 and AS. block 500, Haley Purchase; also lot
on NW corner of C street and Forty-third ave
nue, W 82:6 by N 120; also lot on SW corner of
C street and Forty-second avenue, W 120 by S
125; also lot on NW corner of D street and
Forty-fifth avenue, W 107:5, NE 222:11. SE
65:5. S 206:11; $10.
Charles D., Cushing to Anna Cushlng (wife),
lot on NE corner of Twenty-fifth avenue and
P street, N 100 by E 32:6; gift.
Barbara Eisen (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernla Savings and Loan Society,
lot on SE corner of Folsom and Rlpley streets
(Prospect place), S 360 by E 140, lots 173, 18i)
and 181 of Precita Valjey lands; $2750.
George W. and Minerva K. Frink to George
K. Frink. lot on NE line of Thirty-ninth ave
nue, 123:10 NW of Railroad. NW 62 by NE
100. Paul Tract (quitclaim deed); $1.
George K. and Lucie H. Frink to Ollvo Ver
kouteren. lot 7, block 56. Paul Tract Home
stead; also lots 16 and IV, block 35, Railroad
Avenue Homestead; also lot on NW corner of
Dwight and Bowdoln streets, N 200 by W 120.
block 47, University Mound; $10.
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association to Frank
G. Miller, lot in Laurel Hill. Laurel Hill Ceme
tery; $250.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Wil
liam Gilbart, lot in Odd Fellows' Cemetery;
$275. " \u25a0 .
i Same to J. H. Molk, same; $140.
Edwin and Annie S. Fretwell to Thomas W.
and Christopher C. Rivers, lot on NW corner
of Octavia' and Chestnut streets, N 275 by W
412:6; $10.
Domenico Bradasich to P. Svetlnlch and B.
Raddlch, undivided third of lot on N line of
Fulton street, 110 E of Laguna, E 27:6 by N
120; $10.
Sylvaln Schnalttacher to E. A. Leigh, lot on
N line of Grove street, 82:6 W of Webster, W
27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Mary E. Dewlns (widow) and Dora. Alice
B. and Arthur J. Dewing to I. Willard Beam,
lot on SW corner of Steiner and Fell streets,
5 110. W 85, N 25, E 55. N 85. E 30: $10.
Giorgio and Zefflra Scatena to Justine and
Giovanni Caselll, lot on N line of Halght
street, 87:6 E of Scott, E 25 by N 110; $10. /
Eliza E. Gordon to Abraham and Frances
Harshall. lot on S line of Sacramento street.
137:6 E of Devisadero, E 55 by S 127:8%; $10.
Michael J..and Mary L. Balfe to.Metropoli
tan Improvement Company (corporation), lot
on SW corner of Pacific avenue and Broderlck
street, W 45 by S 100; $10.
Thomas Holdsworth to Nina Holdsworth. lot
on W line of Lyon street, 75 S. of Grove, S 23
by W 112:6; gift.
William D. and Anna C. Meyer to Robert
and May Christie, lot on E line of Cole street.
137:0 S of Frederick, S 25 by E 104. portion
Schaadt Tract: $10.
. Same to Henry P. Christie, lot on E line
of Cole street. 162:6 S of Frederick, S 25 by E
104: $10.
Crocker Estate Coxnuany (corooratlonj to
Charles Patton, lot on S line of Waller street.
60 E of Shrader, E 25 by S 100; also lot on S
line of "Waller street. 110 E of Shrader, E 25
by S 125; ?10.
Henry Hoffmann to Lena Fauser (widow),
lot on W line of Guerrero street. 120 N of
Fourteenth, N 60 by W 130; $6000.
Julia A. Jones (widow) to Hal A. or Henry
A. Curtis, lot on S line of Fourteenth street,
75 E of Folsom. E 25 by S 100: $10.
Mary E. Clancy (widow) and Kate M. Clancy
to Francis J. Clancy, lot on S line of Elizabeth
street, 202:5 from Diamond, S 114 by W 25:11;
$10.
Joseph M., John T. and Isabella M. O'Brien
and Mary A. Keefe to Amelia G. Catlln. lot 6n
SE lino of Stevenson street,. 125 SW of Fifth,
SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
Annie Duane to George P. Burke and E. H.
Gould. . undivided 4-10 of undivided % of lot on
E line of Rhode Island street. 50 N of Twenty
fifth- (Yolo), N 50 by E 100; $ .
James A. Duane. Margaret Gilchrtst (Duane)
and Vincent Gilchrist to Frederick McGregor,
lot on E line of Rhode Island street. 60 N of
Twenty-fifth (Yolo). N 50 bv E 100: also lot on
NE line of .Tunlner street. 362:2 SE of Folsom,
SE 25 by NE 80; $10. ... . \u25a0
William R. and Maude M. Gardner to Mary
C Boes. lot on W lino of Crane street. 100 N
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E L Reegan, Butts Mrs E Banvard, Cal
C E Mudie, Chicago Mrs W P Hall. Petalm
Q M Egan, Rochester Mrs J E Brown, L Ang
H E Neibert, Pa H Malloch. Marysvills
H D Kercheval & wf. E M Wilkinson.Wasvll
Courtland ' A E Miller, Sacto ;
Mrs C H Covell, L Ang J Craig, Woodland
H Remel, Pasadena A Morris & w. Woodld
Mrs F H Phillips, Cal M R Counha, Honolulu
F I Everett, Chicago G L Renschleln, Pa
A D Hooper, Rochester W M Johnson. N T
C E Tinkham. R Bluff H E Hendrick. Honolu
S R Jones, Redding J C Boyd. Pa
8 R Beard & w. U S A E Russell. N T
G M Antrim. Wash G B Schelle, Chicago
W G Muster. Indiana A D Blasland, USA
G H Harrington. SCra C W Parsons, L Ansc
Q S McKenzie. Hilo S P Poland, San Jose
J Thompson, Pa C E Byrnes, w & son,
Mrs J D Luckett, Tenn Woodland
Miss M Luckett, Tenn A G Denninger, S Josa
Miss S Anderson. Tenn. Mrs E V Duncan. S Lk
Miss E Baford. Tenn G W Conner. Ban Josa
Mrs F G Wake, Ky F Commins. Sausalito
Mrs A McMurty, Vcvll W A Wright & w.Spkn
Miss G McMurty, Vcvll S A Bradley. Boston
M Bliss. Los Ans J H Sohnack. Honolulu
Mrs Steadman, L Ang M S Young Aw, LA
A T Russell. W C Miss M A Young. Pa
P Zahnen, Minn D A Hanna & w. L A
\V C Stone, S Mateo E W Arnold Dncns Ml
C A Brown, R Bluff C C Eaton. Boston
C A Klngsley. R Bluff F Hlbbard. Chicago
C Hehman. Orovilla J L Bupon, Cal
A R Fraser & w. L A J A Laselle, Butte.Mnt
W French, Ellensberg J A Haskett, Los Ang
J Marley, San Jose J McCartney, G Ellen
S L Mason, Los Ang H S Johnson, Denver
Mrs G S Eddy. Anhelm Mrs H Ramell, Pasadn
F P Favel. Los Ang J N Jud3on. Columbia
Mrs L Tiffany, Orange C A Storke. S Barbara
W O Hullberg, Cmpbel W H Simpson. Seattle
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs P A Cressy, Cal A J Wallace. Los Ang
Mrs M E Bowers. Cal C S Drake. Los Ang
L T Wright, Cal Mrs R T Stocklng.LA,
L B Robinson. N T Nellie Stocking, L A
C Llnkerbach, NY H L Jones. Ky
Mrs Llnkerbach. N T Mrs J Kelfer. L Ans
C Kempe. Boston / Mrs L Smith. Wls
L Spiro. NY C H Dteu. N Y
Lillian Shunwell. X. A B F Brooks. Cal
Bessie Shunwell. X. A r> L Cassellm&n. N Y
Carrie Shunwell, L A Mrs Cassellman, N Y
Mlsa M Nutt. L Ang B A Colonna, Wash
E Adcock, Chicago L F Dasrue, Redlanda
Mrs-Adcock. Chicago Mrs 3 W Weed. N Y
W Bliss. Los Ans- Mrs J W Mitchell. R I
Mrs Bliss. Los Ane L J Frank. Redwd C
Mrs Sleadman. L Ang Mrs Frank. Redwd C
H P Waugh, Los Ang Miss E Rlehl. S Jone
Mrs Waugh, L Ang C B Luff, Petaluma
A J Cressy, Ohio Mrs Luff, Petaluma
C E Jeffords, Pa Mrs N C Brigsrs. Cal
Mrs Jeffords. Pa Miss A R Loring. Mas
W B Corinth, Phlla L C Byce. Petaluma
L R Corinth, Phlla \u25a0 Mra Byce, Petaluma
G B McAneny, Cal R Rosenthal, N Y
Mrs McAneny, Cal E H Stoothoff. N Y
S Conn. N Y Kate Wilcox. S Jos©
Miss C Hassler, Mass R M B Tldd. StLouU
P M Molr. Wash D B Chanslor. N Y
F M Freeman. U S N B U Steinman, Sacto
Dr J P Murphy, USN" Mrs Steinman. Sacto
E H Stoothcof. N Y Miss Hllbron. Sacto
R Rosenthal. N x" L Kahn. Oakdale
W L Lennaxt. Pa R E Scott. Manila.
Rev J Goodwin. N H C F Lee. Ma
F T Fay, Los Anjr M R Cureton. London
Mrs Fay. Los Ans A C Armone, England
H Nathenson, NY H V Carter. Los Ans
S Ulman. NY G I Cochran, Los Ans
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
O C Peyton, 111 W H Williams, Wash
E Lamb. St Louis A J Lee. USA
Mrs Collwood. L Ang T Qulnn. Chicago
N M Anderson. Cal F Tate. Oregon
A Lefkovit. Ariz C Anderson. Dixon
Mrs 8 A Wilson and Mrs S Eider. Oakland
child, Denver P Pursley, Denver
Mrs C P Flynn. Colo P J Flynn. Portland
E L Shysley. Vlsalla P W Smith. Portland
C Maccubbin. U S A J W Steepleton; Wash.
S J Norton. Sta Cruz L R Whipple. , L Ang
HOTEL ABBIVAXS.
William H. Smith to Maria E. Smith (wife),
lot on E line of Dolores street, 152:6 S of
Homer (Twenty-third). S 30:6 by E 117:6: $5.
Same to same, lot on E line of Dolores street.
122 S of Homer or Twenty-third, S 30:6 by B
117:6; $5.
Moses Schallenberger to Merchants' Ex
change Association of San Francisco, lot on 3
line of California street, 53:6 W of Leldesdorft.
W 1 by S 137:6. quitclaim deed; $10. t
Charles H., Cornelia, Rudolph A. and Emma
Ohm to M. H. de Young, lot on S line of Geary
street, 192:6 W of Stockton. W 55 by S 137:6; $10.
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Southern,
Pacific Company, lot on NW corner of Williams
avenue and Diana (Juno) street, N 450 by W
100, lots 1 to 4, 10, 12, 14, 16, 13, 20, 22. 21. 26, 28.
83 to 36, block I, Map with Referee's Report in
Partition Thornton vs. Thornton, Nineteenth
District Court, 928; also lot on NW corner of
Williams avenue and Jupiter (Vulcan) street.
N 100 by W 100, lots 33 to 36, in block H. same
map; also lot on NE line of Twenty-sixth ave
nue south. 150 SE of M street south, SE 90 by
NE 100. lots 33 to 35. block 4S3, Bay City Home
stead Association; $10.
Same to same, lot on SW line of Twenty-sixth
avenue south, 210 SE of M street south, SE 30
by SW 100, lot 53. block 496. same; $10.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Ade
line C. Dleckmann (wife of J. D.). lot on W
line of San Bruno avenue, 100 S of Dwight
street. S 50 by W 120, lot 2, block 11, Paul Tract
Homestead Association; $10.
John E. and Margaret L. Klein to Edward
L. Fuller, lot on N line of Eleventh avenue
south, 125 E of P street south. E 25 by N 100.
lot 43. block 210, Gardenville Homestead Asso
ciation; $10.
James P. Dunne, C. W. Nevln and A. Per
rier (trustees of Golden Gate Lodge No. 6, B.
P. O. E.) to Meade D. Detweiler. Grand Ex
alted Ruler of B. P. O. E., two lots In Laurel
Hill Cemetery; $3.
Meade D. Detweiler. Grand Exalted Ruler of
B. P. O. E.. to San Francisco Lodge No. 3. B.
P. O. E.. same; $10.
ris), lot on N line of Eddy street, 77:8 E of
Buchanan. E 23:9 by N 120; $10.
William L. Whelan (guardian of estate of
Anita Whelan, minor) t» John Skerrett, lot on
S line of Fulton street, 137:6 W of Webster, W
27:6 by 8 137:6; $5125.
Minnie A. Taylor (widow) to Carl Ton
Bremen, lot on N line of Clay street. 140 E of
Fillmore, E 25 by N 90; $10.
of Ballnas avenue, N 25 by "W 100, lot 5, block
5. Garden Tract Homestead Addition; $10.
Mary C. and Erik Boes to James BroscH.
same; $10.
William Dean to Andre Garrigues, undivided
% of lot 31. block 303. O'N. & H. Tract; $10.
Estate of Margaret Dean (by William Dean,
administrator) to same, undivided H same; $162.
Louis Estacaille to John A. and Hllma J.
Almqulst, lots. 1383 to 1385, Gift Map 3; $10.
John A. and Hllma J. Almquist to Louis Es
tacaille. lots 27 and 30. block 10, Sunnyslde; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Marga
ret A. Parmalee. lot In Odd Fellows* Cemetery;
$230.
THE SAE FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
13
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JUST commenced; pretty Colonlal~fuIPtwi£
story house of 6 rooms, with open plumbing,
on lot 40 feet front (note the size); more land
can be had adjoining If desired; -surrounded
by pretty, new stylish houses; plans will be
changed to suit purchaser; situated on Mer-
rimac or Twenty-eighth st. between Tele-
graph ave. and Grove st. This Is the choicest
locality in all Oakland for pretty moderate-
priced homes; elevated about two feet above
the street; all street work complete; must be
seen to be appreciated; monthly payments
can. be arranged. See owner on premises or
apply for full particulars to
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
$23E0-A VERT neat home in Peralta Heights;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath and barn: lot
40x137:6%; 2 years old; elegant view of the
lake. See photo at the office of .
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
~ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURXITUH.E FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
• ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 743— Large alcove; also connecting
room; gas stove; running water; phone.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott— Three unfurnished
connecting rooms; bath; laundry; reference.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 409— Front alcove, with
privileges of kitchen. \u25a0 -
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847— Desirable furnished
suite housekeeping; reference required.
GOUGH, 115— Sunny modern bay-window parlor;
phone, gas ranges, gas, bath ; $14 and $22.
GOUGH, 115— Sunny modern -bay-window par-
lor; phone, gas, bath; $14 to $20.
GOUGH, 437 — Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 72S— Two' housekeeping rooms and
front single room.
HOWARD. 1063—2 sunny conecting completely
furnished rooms; running water; range; $10 ',
others. - \u25a0
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny connecting completely
furn. rooms; run. water; range; elec. lights.
HYDE, 129 — 3 large sunny rooms completely
furnished, for housekeeping; parlor floor.
HYDE, 40%-Sunny front parlor suite; also al-
cove suire; 3 rooms; housekeeping; $25.
PAGE, 1138—2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
bath;' closets; pantry; yard.
POLK 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
TAYLOR, 106 — 3 nice housekeeping rooms and
yard.
TO let— 3 large furnished rooms; also single
rooms and housekeeping rooms. \u25a0 257 Steven-
son st, bet. Third and Fourth.
TWO nice sunny rooms for light housekeeping;
north of Market; rent $12. Box 1224. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FiUmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill atached; country visitors find no place
like the'Argyle; take MeAlUster-st. cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 216 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week. .
A NICE sunny suite* also single, rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton St.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
\u25a0 nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLAUGHTON, THE, 1111 Sutter st—
Bright, clean rooms for quiet gentlemen, $1 75
per week; handsome front suite, moderate.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 327— 2 large connecting furnished rooms
reasonable. -;
ELLIS, 922 — Nicely furnished room with pri-
vate bath attached; rent $25. \u25a0
EUGENE, 265 O'Farrell— New House, fireproof;
new furniture; electric "elevator; 25 private
suites with bath; baths free; first-class.
FOR RENT in good neighborhood, 15 minutes
from Emporium, nicely . furnished room,
bath opposite; small family and no children;"
can have breakfast and dinner at night if de-
" sired; references exchanged. Box 1127 Call.
FURNISHED rooms, $1 pen week. 820 Folsom
St., near Fourth.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
Buites and single; travelers accommodated.
HARRISON, 784%, nr. 4th— Finely furnished
sunny rooms, bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (Europea'h plan). 24 Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
EOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOWARD, 1063, "The Harvey"— Single and
double rooms; electric lights, etc.; from $150
per week up. . .
HYDE, 133— Sunny, airy rooms; quiet house; en
suite it desired; $S to $12.
HYDE, S10— One single and suite of furnished
rooms.
JONES, 923— Elegant sunny rooms; also beau-
tiful corner suite; single rooms.
LARGE sunny front room; private' residence in
Mission warm belt; suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men; use of bath and telephone; rent $15;
cars convenient ; references. Address box K,
1S41 Mission St. /
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NICELY furnished room with private bath
attached; rent $25. Apply 922 Ellis st
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 554 — Neatly furnished sunny suite
and single room; gentlemen only.
RAUSCH. 19, near Howard— $10 a month, four
sunny rooms, unfurnished.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
JS; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
, rooms with J*r* and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
- near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STANYAN. 1202— To let, 2 unfurnished sunny
front rooms and kitchen. Box 1125 Call.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Large sunny front
room; closet; stove.
TURK, 543— Light sunny room; grate, gas,
bath ; $2 25 per week ; private.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne — Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price;
? suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy Et., near Leavenworth.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ava.
ROOM and board for two young -men In pri-
vate family; modern house; nice location;
convenient cars Box 1136, Call.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
NICE, sunny corner, alcove room; hot and cold
water; good board. 936 Valencia st.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur, suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Coll, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
"' United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS AND BOARD 'WANTED,
"WANTED— Room and breakfast; location pre-
ferred near Pierce st. and Pacific ave.; an-
swer, stating terms. Box 1184, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO or 8 furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st Box
' E52. Call. ; • ' \ , -
WANTED— 3 unfurnished rooms suitable for
housekeeping. Box 1174, Call office. •
RUPTURE SANITARIUM/
HUNTER'S TrUP'TURB i" " SANITARIUM, : 1206
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
TO LOAN— Continued.
H . I .5 HL ! r respectable private place to obtain
UDerai advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
et; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
ueary st; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by .private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
Quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
LOANS on pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt;
lowest rates; prlv. Ormsby, 26 Montg.,offlce 7.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. H1U. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
8% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest r&tes, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commis. ; confidential. Whitehead, 1706 Market.
ON furniture pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
Btrictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister Et.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
THE TOUSLE Y Company; loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
EVERYBODY is invited to call ancT llsten~to
the wonderful Simplex piano players as ex-
hibited in our warerooms every day. They are
the best and cheapest of all piano players and
the easiest to manipulate. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St., Pa-
cific Coast agents.
WE are the only house carrying the cele-
brated Decker & Son and Baumeister. pianos.
Our prices are always low and our terms sat-
isfactory. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., '769 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, is the largest
west of. Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
gold upon easy payments of $6 per month;
some good pianos for $3. ?4 and $5 uer month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and . Thirteenth St.,
Oakland. •
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS— ;
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 OFarrell. Chickering. Ma-
sfcn and Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lor.ed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st: established 1850.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
gain list, $50 up; Steinway, $1S5 up; Fischer,
$100; Chiekering, $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st
A SMALL. Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case, Krabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth Bt., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A FIRM'S failure tc realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prlcee; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market et.
PIANOS — The most modern and up-to-date;
Steck, Everett, Conover, Packard, Ludwig,
Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co., 933 Market st,
S. F. ; (Branch Store, 551 Broadway, Oakland).
BEAUTIFUL tone upright piano; handsome
case; sacrifice account sickness. 595 Ellis st.
PIANO free; party % will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell It. R. 36. 217 Geary.
CARLOAD $400 pianos sacrificed for $250 each;
great bargains. BRUENN, 20S Post st.
A PIANO, pianola and music on sale; cost $950;
now $385; party going away. 217 Geary st.
$25 — HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly new, J99. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Spielmann pianos. 30S Post st
$550 PXANO. nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment HAMILTON, 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand uuright £cr sale cheap.
_SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister et
LEFT on sale — Antisell large upright. $126;
Steinway, $165. 217 Geary st.-j room 36.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near MaTket—
Shoninger. Schubert «nd Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CITRTAZ Piano Co.. C60 Hayea.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
S28 PACDTIC and 804 Sansome St., 2 handsome
stores, cheap.
SPACE Sx20, suitable for cigar store or barber
shop. Apply 953 Howard St., near Sixth.
FINE corner; fixtures complete grocery, bar.
2999 Seventeenth st.. corner Market.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI.^scientiXTTaimTs^r'sii
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
l'AlMtlls AMJ llbLUUA'lUKS.
J. C. ROMAINE, 640 G. GTa^Tpbon^Poliiiaf;
best quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
______ „
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL. 118 Geary
St., largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on In-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket st, between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 60 per bottlo. For circulars, Pinua Med.
Co., 734 Valencia st, S. F. ; tel. Church 1571.
GRAND testimonial benefit tendered to MR.
GEO. RUSSEL, given by his many friends,
Teutor,ia Lodge Hall, SATURDAY EVEN-
ING, Nov. ]C. Admission, 25c; ladles free.
MAN «nd wife, experienced nurses, want en-
gagements, city or country; epileptics a spe-
cialty; references furnished. MERIAM, 229
Golden Gate ave.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
25o to $150 per night; $150 to $5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
nt by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and Ihe Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market st, near Sixth,
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 359S
Eighteenth st, corner Guerrero.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg., rooms 323-324, S. F. ; tel. South 381.
AT cash prices; ladles' \u2666"Uor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hutf, skirts, etc. ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 26. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret ot
continual youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Po3t.
HAIR dressing, 25c; shampooing, 50c; switches,
11; wigs. $15; hair dyeing" a specialty. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. /
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
RHEUMATISM cured under guarantee. Call or
write Doctor. 504 Parrott bldg., San Francisco.
MASSAGE, hydro-electro therapeutics or hyp-
nctism exchanged for vocal lessons. 990, Call.
A- If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore. 332 O'FarreU; send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street; phone Folsom 2528. -
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do It; all druggists; phone Pine 2886.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
600 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAU8 & CO., tailors. 115 Kearny 8t.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
AEPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roof a; 60o
per gallon. HI Van Ness ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter tt.
LOST A.XP FOUXD.
I £oST or strayed from 454 Haight St., near Fill
ruore. a while spitz puppy; answers to the
name of T^ 11 - tinder pleas© return and re-
LOPT— A pearl pin for the hair. Receive r.
ward California Notion and Toy Co.; 624 Mar-
ket St.
*^f~5 ! ?T, k ,~ and c. whlte greyhound dog. Return
to J. O SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts"
receive reward.
LOPT— Valise, on steamer Tamalpais Sundav
et r U e r c n eiv e ° £££ G " H " ****** * \u25a0
L ?f^r^ di £ K l cad meda I. name JOHN '
LEWIS. Return to Miller. Sloss & Scott
tremont and Mission sts.; liberal reward. '
LO ( p-, Black enamel brooch; valued keepsake-
liberal reward. Return to 120S Geary st
LOST— Tuesday, lady's small gold watch. Re.
turn to Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk; lib, reward.
LOST-A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
EP R NER ScS^ISSr E^1 NER Or JOHANNA
re?u N m^o ba°nk: 43 - 3S3 - The fl " der WlU please
L ?- ST »TJ hro ? <3iamon <* rings In Oakland, near
Eighth and Adeline sts. Liberal reward if re
rt™OakJai5 r * "' S- KERGAN - 1124 Klgbxh.
LOST— Autumn leaf pin set with about 6 dla-
monds and pearls; reward. Return to 210
Montgomery st
LOST— At Baden station, lemon and white
gAIGHT.'ai "^rket'T 11 - Bet " hl " C
LOST— A pair of gold spectacles on Sundav
afternoon on Polk st. Return €20 Ellis st and
receive a liberal retrard. MRS. LEAVITT
L^ T 7 Sc " cr : ta S Xo. 215; name Pluto; re-
4j4 Seventh st.
s Purse, containing some money
and keys. Apply 1663 Howard st
IT , wi ii pay t0 "Remember" that the Callfor.
MATTKESSt:!! A.NU 1'iL.LOWS.
r - alE0 cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
tV7u A1 «^ arpet clea^g: honest work guar-
enteed. HOPKE BEOS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tei. jjusn 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
inedicmes have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by mv medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all eubiects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
~U. O'DONNELL. 1C1S Market st, opp. Fifth.
\u25a0A— MRS. SWEET, graduate Royal University,
Berlin; 23 years' experience in midwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her-
takes and treats ladies before and during con-
finement; best care, attention; confinement
J13; board $4 week; infants adopted. 3327 ISth
st; Misslon-st. cars; consultation free.
THE original MRS. DA VIES, who has been in
business here for £5 years, is still located at
3C2S Market; maternity home provided; office
» hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
UBS. D. WYETH. reliable ladies' epecialist;
private home before and during confinement-
removed from Post to «io O'Farrell Bt.
SIRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market-Reliable la-
dies' specialist: a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HIXDOOHERB AND SIRS. DA VIES" original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. U-6 Market St., S. F.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell st.
A CONFINEMENT home for the poor; free of
charge. Address ABC, box 2333. Call office.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladies' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods; £5 years' experience In S. F. ; !
puarar.te.es to cure all female trouble; mater-
nity hospital; fee low. 908 Market St.. opp. 4th. !
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st, opp.
t'r.ion square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
13OILEP.S. engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1S7 Fremont st
13A.RS, back bars, mirror*, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
tf-eond hand; we always have a large stock of
fa'.ocn outfits on hand; 22 complete outfits on
cne floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. XOOXAX, 1017, 1C19, 1021, 102J
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, plansrs, Ehap-
ers, etc; also wood-working tools, such as
band sa'ws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortiRers, saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE. 220
Fremont et.
Crarhophones, Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
F159; easy terms; children's toy graphophones,
Jl 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery. en-
Fines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys, ,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR s-a'e— Fine sealskin, slightly -used: size SS
bust; will sell for 5100; cost J175. Box 11M.
Cali orfice.
SECOND-HAND 1S01 Cleveland. Steams, Ram-
blar, Snell, chamless Spa-aiding and cheaper
\u25a0wheels; dosing out 607 Mission st
"WATCHES, jewelry rep. and made; cash* pd.
for gold, silver and precious stones. 14 McAl-
lister st.. room 16. TM. MUICD.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, pipe, engines and
dynarros bought sold and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE. £16 Mission st.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper
Fuitab'e for carpenter shop; also No. Z
Hooker steam purcp. S43 Howard st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.,
J-17 Stevenson st. near First
1301 RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Stearns. Snell
and otherF; second-hand bicycles; cheap; send
f cr list . LEAVTTT & BILL. 309 Larkin st
FINE suits, ?10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— £3 HO DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
maiJinp. jO9 Montgomery Et
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; $55; re-
duction. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
LARGE vault front: also lar^e fireproof safe
cheap. PERIAM & CO., 42 Main st
BOATS, launches", rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
JEWELRY for eale and made to order. T.
rER£HTA,ND, 126 Kearny St.. room 29.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post et
CAEOUNE engines, all elzes. new and 2d-hand,
end launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st
£A FES— New and eecond hand. THE HER-
1IAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Bt
EAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and Eizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. E21 Mission Et.
F.NGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 12!) Beale Et.
FAIRBANKS' 30-ton hay scale; Jeweler'* Eteel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
BIISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A 1100 or 2000 volt single phase al-
ternating dynamo. Address C. W. LANG-
STOFF. Forest Hill, Cal.
\u25a0WANTED— A 30-foot sloop for four months;
state price. Box 1163, Call office.
\u25a0WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. AVH1TEHEAD, 1706 Market St.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1E4 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
WILL pay cash for your old sealskins] *Ad-
dress at once, box S7. Call office.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
AX^lT^N3?A^TAirX6^5r~mMPAN r Y!
$200,000 at 6 per cent in eums T.o suit. City and
Oakland, town ana country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
eny of above securities. Tel. Red £024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, eecond and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery Et. room 3
ANY preposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
eecond and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interest*, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 602 Examiner building—
f&,OOQ,OG0 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all torts and Elzes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 60* Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building, 206 Kearny Bt. room 314.
I '.ELI ABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
I place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
I pianos and seal.' kins at lowest rate of intereat.
f * Grant ave., near Market Bt. ; tel. Black 5473,
CN SALARIES without lndorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan b.
. SPECIAL NOTICES.
$25 REWARD for Information leading to arrest
of person maliciously taking and- driving oft
delivery wagon of P. .WESTERFELD & CO.,
1035 Market st, about 3 a. m.; Tuesday,
October 15. . ;
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.; 415 Montgomery st.,' rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
Bultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS In^T^PEWRITERS— We
6ell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion Bt. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1810; shipping at cut rates. . \u25a0 \u25a0
I DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— j»vldend No. 96 (twelve
and one half cents per share) of the Hutchin-
son Sugar Plantation Co., will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market st.» on
and after Monday, October 21, 1901. Transfer
books close Monday, October 14, 1001, at 3
o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM HOUSE, San Francisco, Sept. 30.
1901.— Notice: Certain goods remaining one
year In bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United \u25a0 States Ap-
praiser's store on the 24th ot October, JS01,
at 10 o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues
can be had at the Custom House on October
• 19, 1901, or at time and place of sale. F.
S. STRATTON. Collector.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Box Lockers, Depot Quarter-
master's Office, 36 New Montgomery St., San
Francisco, Cal., October 15, 1901. — Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be received at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, October
25, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and then
opened, for furnishing Box Lockers. Quantity
to be \u25a0 subject to an increase of 20 per cent,
if desired by this department. Unguaranteed
bids, and bids upon samples differing from
specifications, will under no circumstances be
considered; proposals for less quantity than
advertised for will be entertained. Early de-
liveries are essential. The rate and time of.
delivery must be stated by bidders in their
proposals. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to ..the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept . or reject any or all proposals . or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
posals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be endorsed
"Proposals No. 9093," and addressed to MA-
\u25a0 JOR C. P. MILLER, Quartermaster, U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster. -
MABEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Edward C. Hetzel, 43, city, and Ellen I.
Ashlln, 31, city.
Albert N. Alter, 36, £07 Jones street, and
Addle Schranz, 36, 507 Jones street.
Nathaniel P. ~ Cole, 27, city, and Maybelle
Stone, 20, city.
Eugene L. Brown, 22, San Jose, and Helene
C- Hegele, 23, San Jose.
John I. Newton. 49, S09 Mission . street, and
Rosena Rouden, 50, 809 Mission street.
James J. Garvin, 26, Stockton, and Mae L.
Johnston, 23. Stockton.
Christian Larsen, 37, 16 Hampton place, and
Hilda Nyman, 23, 1706% Pest street. . .
Donald C. White. 31, 926 Mission street, and
Mary C. Carron, 32, 926 Mission street.
Michael Gellan, 2S, 207 Clara street, and Lena
Wallas. 27, 207 Clara street.
Edgar C. Stoutenburgh, 25, 510 Hermann
street, and Alice E. West. 23, 128 Locust ave.
Vivian Jonas. 21, Oakland, and Ruby New-
son, 20. Oakland. - • •\u25a0
Archie. J. Boleer,"20, Stockton, and Josie A.
Brown, 22. Stockton.
M. Frr-nk Loppin, 29, 39 Fifth ' street, and
Maggie HuFsey, 18, Vallejo.
True L. Husted, 30, Pleasanton, and Eva B.
Parker, . 28, Santa Barbara. ;
Harry J. Pothoff, 24, 104 Tehama street, and
Annie Mulcahv, .24, San Rafael. ••
Charles K. Harley, -25, 2319 Scott street, and
Florence Deming, 20/740 Ellis street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and bs
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOKN.
HILSZ-In this city, October 2. 1901, to the
wife cf Charles F.' Hilsz, a son.
McCALLTJM-ln this city. October 15, 1901. to
the wife of J. H. McCallum, a daughter.
ROSENBAUM— In Munich, Bavaria, October
15, 1901. to the wife of Charles W. Rosen-
'baum, a son. (
SOL1NSKY— In 'this city, October 15, 1901, to
the wife of Louis B. Sollnsky (nee Rothen-
steln), a dau enter. ....
TUCKER— In this city, October 13,' 1901, to the
wife of William M. Tucker, a daughter.
IVLA-RRIEDL
FORD— MACKEY— In this city, October 7, 1901,
at v Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, by the Rev. John Stephens, John J.
Ford and Grace M. Mackey, both of San
Francisco.
WILLIAMS— JOHNSON— In this city, October
12, 1901, by the Rev. John Stephens, Gottlieb
Williams of Boston, Mass., and Carrie M.
Johnson of Yutan, Nebr.
~ DIED.
Coates. Walter Piquerez, Mary
Goodhue, Georglana Powers, Michael
Hamilton, Joseph Rankin, James
Healy, Margaret Tornlch, Paolino
Kemble, William R. Twlng, Mary A. E.-
Meyer. Mollie Wythe. Joseph H.
Neumann, Augusta
COATES— In this city, October 15, 1901, Walter
'Coates, a native of Illinois, aged 38 years 3
months and 13 days.
GOODHUE— In San Mateo, October 13, 1901,
GeorgJana, beloved wife of S. G. Goodhue.
CTTuneral services will be held to-day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence- i
HEALY— In this city, October *14, 1901, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of William Healy, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged 67 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), \u25a0 at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 13 Eugenia avenue, oft Mission
road, thence to St. Paul's Church, 'where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
HAMILTON— Entered Into rest. In this city.
October 14," 1901, Joseph Hamilton, relict of
the late Matilda M. Hamilton, and father of
Samuel J., John C, James S. and Joseph B.
Hamilton, Mrs. J. N. Holmes. Mrs. S. J.
' Lashbrooke and Mrs. L. A. Mesmer. a na-
tive of Londonderry, Ireland, aged 84 years.
*\u25a0• cr7"Friend3 and acquaintances .are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late
residence, 421 Bryant street, Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
KEMBLE— In this city, October 14, 1901, Wil-
liam R., beloved husband of Marlon I. K.em-
ble, and father of William I. Kemble. a'na-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
» 20 Fifth st.. opposite . Lincoln School. \u25a0
Telephone South 80. .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County. .
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J.> HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Eaxnual McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association ; M. j.
McBrearty, with the same company for li
years; P. F. Grerjn, late with J. C. O'Connor
& Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44. . '
CREMATION.
The Odd t-ellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave.. S. F., Cal. -
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day ot August, 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead. \u25a0
Permits to cremate will be Issued by the
Board. of Health the same as heretofore.
# GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
PERSOSAL^Contlnne^^
OBESITY cured;no dieting; no weakening. THE
A' VIP A CO., 736 Valencia at., bet. 18th & l»th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restorei gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious atones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PLANIXG AXD TURXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 85 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market 6t. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A-DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st. ; see testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALS.
ka^tonT^elSridge^^co^
. 638 Market st
MODERN SUTTER-ST. FLATS.
$8500— Two elegant modern flats of 6-7 rooms
and bath each; elegantly decorated
throughout; stone bulkhead; north side
of street; desirable and complete in
every detail; lot 24:8x137:6 ft-
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
$5000— Six well-built tenements of 4-5 rooms in
the best renting . portion of the city;
rents $672 per annum; Shipley st, near
4th; large lot 41:2%x69 feet.-
$4750— Six flats of 3-4 rooms each; in good con-
dition and always rented; rents $792 per
annum; large lot, 50x80 f eet. ' - '
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE. \u25a0
$7000 — A fine large modern house of 10 rooms
and bath and basement on the southwest
corner of Scott st; lot 25x106:3 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$3250 — Two-story house of 8 rooms; key lot;
Lyon 3t., near Sutter; lot 25x119:4 feet.
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
EIGHTEENTH-ST. HOME.
$2400 — A modern two-story house of 7 rooms
and bath; sunny side of street; cement
sidewalk; street bitumlnized; rents $1S
i?er month.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
$1800— On Sacramento st., near Powell: well-
built cottace of 8 rooms; lot 20x40 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$1800— A cozy sunny cottage of 4 rooms and
bath and basement: on Steiner at, near
Filbert; improvements only 2 years old;
well built and in fine condition; key lot,
25x100 feet.
We have a number of very desirable cot-
tages in the best portion of the Mission, rang-
ing from $1SOO to $3500. Particulars given at
our office.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET s£
Opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Aeents and Rent Collectors.
$700 CASH.
Balance $13C0; mortgage can remain; B-room
cottage; in the Mission; Twenty- fourth-st. car
line.
$2350. \u25a0 <\u25a0 \u25a0
Close to Sixth st.; 2 houses; rents $24.
— , $1000. •
Flats near Ninth st ; fine building; rents $44;
want offer.
$3800.
Jones-st. flats; rents $41; lot 45-foot frontage.
S4950.
Two modern flats; only half block from Mar-
ket Et. ; rents $40; cost nearly $7500.
$6500.
Corner; marine view; splendid improvements;
rents $60.
$8000.
Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; 9-room house
and lot.
$12,750..
New Van Ness-ave. flats; rents $125; a safe
buy.
$16,5C0.
Panhandle corner;- 2 new buildings; rents
$142; lot 37x115 feet.
\u25a0 $15,000.
Leavenworth-st. investment; 57- foot front;
rents $105; always rented.
$19,5C0.
Modern improvements; lot 72x137:6; rented at
$170.
$23,500.
Polk-st business property; in best block;
annual rents $1650.
$35,000.
Mission st, near Fourth; splendid brick struc-
ture; elevator; good high basement; rent $250;
one tenant.
$40,000.
Eutter-st. corner; east of. Jc^ies; stores and
lodging-houses; 80-foot frontage.
$35,000.
Ellls-st. income property; ICO-foot frontage;
rents about $5000 per annum.
Market' St., near Taylor; 50-foot; splendid
building; rents $760.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
067 Market st.
FOR SALE BY THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery st.
Fine large house, suitable for doctor's office
and residence; 14 rooms; 2 baths; southern
exposure: lots of sun; 2 car lines at the door
and close to best residence district in the
city; comparatively new house; lot 35 by 127;
price. $14.000.
$4500— A LOVELY chance for a home and busi-
ness; lot 25x100; building 2 stories, 25x70; sa-
loon and barber shop; all fixtures go; 6 living
rooms. DECK & CO., 927 Market st, r. 208.
LOTS— Wanted to purchase north of the Park
if they are cheap for Immediate buyers. W.
J. GUNN. 530 California St.
JoO.COO TO invest in income-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO.,
702 Market st.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near corner Waller and Steiner.
GEO. H. MOORE, 63 Portola st.
$3000 — NEARLY new cottage of 4 rooms; laun-
dry tubs; 1 of 2 rooms: stable; lot 50x150. Call
after 2 p. m., 462 Douglass st., near 21st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl; Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
Saft Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and Information.
10- ACRE bearing orchard and poultry ranch;
mile from Haywards; with new, modern 5-
room house, barns, stock and farming 1 im-
plements.
FOR bargains '.n timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co., 702 Market st. .
A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket St.. S. F., office near Cali big.
1200 ACRES in the foothills; fences; 4 barns;
substantial residence; 30 acres in fruit. GEO.
W. GIBBS & CO.. 35 and 37 Fremont st.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINF^LD, Petaluma. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
\u25a0ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDAREAL ESTATE.
RARE CHANCE to secure fine building lots.
50 choice lots will be placed on the market
• Monday, October 14; only two blocks from
the station and one block from the electric
car line; these lots must be sold. before the
1st of November; prices ranging from $100 to
$3C0 per lot.
Large line of fine houses for sale, $1000 to
$10,000. E. P. JUDD CO., 1424 Park st.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; M cash. Bank of Ala.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
Filt'ITVALE FURNISHED HOUSES.
ON Fruitvale ave., bet. Hopkins st. and Chi-
cago ave., furnished house of six rooms and
bath; large yard, with fruit, shrubs and flow-
ers. Apply on premises.
FRUITVALE HOUSES.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, partly furnished, to rent
cheap for winter. Ad. 2540 Nineteenth, S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BkOADWAY.
OAKIiAND REAL ESTATE.
A— SPECIAL list; Investigation solicited.
$22,500 — Magnflcent home sacrificed ; l.year old.
$13. £00 — Lakeside residence; formerly $20,000. •
$6000—15 acres fronting electric road; snap.
$16,500— Mtg. $8500; sacrifice; Haywards ranch.
$5000— Rents $50 mo. ; choice modern flats.
$6850 — Choicest home in Piedmont for price.
$2500 — Mtg. $2000; new 6 rooms; corner 65 ft.
$2350— Bank sale; $250 cash; Adeline station.
$2600— Neat 7 r. cottage; 215^ and Telegraph.
$1000— Magnificent lot, 50x150; formerly $2500.
$1250— Mtg. $900; cozy 5 r. home; E. O. station.
$800— Cost $2000; West Berkeley; corner store.
$1000— Cottage 5 rooms; Market sta.; rent $11
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,-
. ,..r. 460 and 462 Eighth st. Oakland. .
tlve'of New York City/ aged 47 years 11
months and 12 days.
E7 Funeral to-morrow (Thursday); strictly
private. No flowers.
MEYER— In this city, October IB, 1901. Mollle.
beloved daughter of S. T. and Emma Meyer,
and sister of Belle Meyer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years and 7 days.
E7 Funeral and Interment strictly private.
NEUMANN— In this city, October 12, 1901, Au-
gusta, beloved wife of the late Robert Neu-
mann, mother of Gustav, mother-in-law of
Kate, and grandmother of Freda and Hilda
Neumann, a native of Germany, aged 72
years 3 months and 13 days.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeraf to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 316 Prospect avenue, off Cortland
avenue, thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter
street, where services will be held at 2
o'clock, under the auspices of • the German
Ladies' Benevolent Society. Red Cross. Cre-
mation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city, October 14, 1901. Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Delia Powers, and
father of Mamie, Maggie and Irene Powers,
a native of County Waterford, Ireland, aged
41 years. A member of Golden West Lodgs
No. 264, A. O. U. W.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 702 Tennessee street, Potrero,
thence to St. Teresa's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIQUEREZ— In this city, October 13, IDOL at
St. Mary's Hospital, Mary, beloved wife of
Gus Piauerez, mother of Madeline Piquerez,
beloved daughter of Michael and the lata
Elizabeth Gannon, and sister of Thomas,
Maggie, Joseph and Teanie Gannon and Mrs.
Lizzie Withers, a native of San Francisco.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
MJsslcn street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
RANKIN— In this city, October 15, 1901, Jamea
Rankin.
lETFuneral at Martinez to-morrow (Thurs-
day).
TORNICH— In Sunnyside, October 14, 1901.
Paolino, dearly beloved son of Mr. Peter P.
Tornich and Mrs. Flora Tornlch, and brother
of Damina. Antoinetta and Filomena Tor-
nlch, a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years
and 2 months.
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funerat takes place
to-day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
the residence of his parents, 112 Congo street,
between Flood and Hearst avenues. Sunny-
Side district, thence to New Italian Ceme-
tery.
TWING— In this city, October 14, 1901, Mary
A. E. Twing of New York.
C^" Services at St. Luke's Church to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock.
WYTHE— In Oakland, October 14. 1901, Joseph
Henry Wythe, M.D., D.D., LL.D., aged 73
years 6 months and 27 days.
E3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
First M. E. Church, Fourteenth and Clay
streets, Oakland, Cal. Interment private.
ST. DOMINIC* S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for the parents
and relatives of living members, will be sung
In St. Dominic's^ Church to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock. ___
CARD OF THANKS
To Mr. Palmer and the Metal Trades Asso-
ciation and our' late brother's fellow-workers
In the Golden State and Miners' Foundry and
the many friends who so kindly extended
their sympathy in our bereavement.
MRS. S. RICE AND FAMILY.B. S. Ward, formerly secretary of the
Firemen's Union, who was convicted in
Judge Dunne's court of embezzling $15,000
of the union's funds, was ordered into
custody yesterday and taken to the
Broadway Jail. Ward appealed his case
and several days ago the Supreme Court
affirmed the judgment of the lower court
Ordered Into Custody.
Attorney Dehman, son of School Di
rector James Denrnan, will not receive a
fee of $500 from the city for acting in the
place of City Attorney Lane In the legal
battle between the Board of School Di
rectors and Superintendent of Schools
Webster. Judge Seawell In a * decision
rendered yesterday , upheld the action of
Webster in refusing to affix his signa
ture to Denman's claim. He held that
the City Attorney should ,T»ave defended
the action.
Attorney Denrnan Loses His Suit.
SOMETHING NEW.
THE SUTTER-STREET
HAMMAM BATHS,
At 415 Sutter street, between Stockton
and Powell, have added a salt water
plunge to their well known establishment
for the benefit of their patrons and it is
an improvement which the- public can en
joy.
The source of their supply is direct from
the ocean.
This is the only Turkish baths on thia
coast that has a salt water plunge. *
Friends of Sheriff John Lackmann met
at Twenty-fourth and Castro streets on
Wednesday night and organized the John
Lackmann Club of the Thirty-sixth Dis
trict. The officers elected "Were: James
B. Mahoney. president; James E. Bowen,
vice president; J. H. Strehl, secretary,
and H. Jensen, treasurer.
Organize a Lackmann Club.
Three of the Directors visited the school
Monday and were surprised to learn that
there was an overflow of eighty pupils, so
immediate steps were taken to relieve the
congestion.
The Board of Education decided yester
day to establish two new classes in. the
Hearst School, at Hermann and Fillmore
streets. Miss Agnes McDonald and Miss
Annie Whitley will be assigned to the po
sitions from the new eligible list.
Board of Education Relieves Con
gestion in the Hearst School.
OT3W CLASSES FORMED.
WONG CHUT TURNED OVER.-Wong Chut
•was turned over yesterday to United States
Marshal Shine for detention until he can be
rent to Alaska for trial on a charge of shooting
and wounding Wong Lung.
A Woman's Council was organized yes
terday with twenty-one leading organiza
tions represented. The council" met in
Century Hall. Mrs. John F. Swift was in
the chair and Mrs. Florence A. Kendall
acted as secretary.- The following organ
izations form a part ' of the Woman's
Council: Contemporary Club, Century
Club, Collegiate Alumnae: County Associ
ation, W. C. T. U.; Central Women's Club,
C. T. U.; Daughters of California Pio
neers; Ladies' Aid Society of St. Mark's
Church, Berkeley; Ladies' Aid Society of
the Richmond Congregational Church,
Milliners' Union, Oakland Club, Pioneer
Women, Political Equality Society of
Berkeley, San Francisco Chapter of the
Eastern .Star; Seven Pines Circle No. 3,
Ladles of the G. A. R.;' San Francisco
Sketch Club, Spinners' Club, Teachers'
Club, William Morris Club, Vedanta
School of Philosophy, West 'End Suffrage
Club and the Young Women's Christian
Association of the University of Califor
nia.
Delegates from thirty-five other organ
izations were present at the meeting.
These delegates will report to the cluba
they respectively represent with the ulti
mate view of their Joining the council. ;
Representatives of Twenty-One Lead
ing Organizations Attend the :
Initial Meeting.
\u25a0WOMEN'S COTJNCTL ORGANIZES
TTNDEJEl PLEASANT AUSPICES
Presented With a Watch.
Joseph Beck, treasurer of the Macca
bean Club, was presented with a gold
•watch by his fellow members last night.
The presentation speech was made by
Wallace Wise and was feelingly responded
to by Beck. Congratulatory remarks were
made by several other members.
The conclusion above reached has been up
held by Judge Murasky in the recent , case of
MorrlEsey vs. the Board ' of ' Education, which
directly involved the validity of the anti-mar
riage rule herein considered. It was Judge
Murasky's opinion also that such rule was be
yond the power of the board.
There Is another basis for the . same . conclu
sion. ' The law prescribes the condition upon
which one may secure a teacher's certificate.
These conditions being complied with,. a certifi
cate Issues which entitles the holder to teach.
The board has discretionary power to say who
shall be appointed, but it cannot make a rule
denying married women who have proper cer
tificates the right to teach in the schools and
upon such ground base- their refusal. The
board, cannot add to the conditions Imposed by
law. If the board 'cannot I add to the legal
requirements for admission to the service as a
teacher it cannot add to the conditions under
which it. may dismiss from such service/
City and County Attorney Lane ren
dered an opinion yesterday that makes
nugatory a rule of the Board of Educa
tion which provides that whenever a fe
male teacher marries her position thereby
becomes vacant. Lane advises that it is
not in the jurisdiction of the board to
interfere in the private affairs of em
ployes in the School Department. The
opinion says:
When a teacher is "elected" to the depart
ment it cannot be said that any particular or
express regulations or rules constitute part of
the "contract" of employment. Teachers may
be employed by an express contract or may. bo
elected. An elected teacher cannot, therefore,
be said to be bound "by contract" to observe
the rules of the board. It does not follow,
iiowever, that, because not bound by express
contract to observe. the rules of the department
a teacher so elected may disregard them. On
the contrary, all teachers, whatever the terms
or forms of their employment, are .under an
Implied obligation, which is binding and" en
forceable, to comply with all lawful rules and
regulations of the board. But the rule com
pelling the retirement of female teachers upon
marriage is not in my opinion a valid rule 'of
the department. In an opinion dated August
16, 1900, on the subject I wrote: ' \u25a0•
The board > has power to I makes rules
regulating the department, prescribing hours of
attendance, the character of the work to . be
performed and such other rules as will tend
to bring the department under good system
and discipline, but it cannot; make a rule that
a teacher's position shall become vacant when
she marries, because her marriage, is not a
matter of School Department business. '
Judge dc Haven ordered an adjourn
ment until 10 o'clock this morning, by
\u25a0which hoiir all the parties concerned will
have recovered from the shock.
The prosecution had blundered also, he
taid, when it made a distressing refer
ence to an item in Dimmick's private
memorandum book, a matter that had
not been allowed in evidence at all.
"Walter X. Dimmick, ex-chief \u25a0 clerk of
the Mint, sat in the ITnited States Dis
trict Court during tho whole of yester
day's session probably the most interested
listener to the argument of George D.
Collins, his lawyer, on the motion for a
r.ew trial. Collins calmly told the court
thet it -was his heartfeU opinion that the
court anc the jury and the counsel for
the Government, special and official, had
ill gore wrong.
According to Collins* argument. Judge
de Haven Tras the greatest offender, hav
ing committed a legal blunder every time
he had refused to read one of . Collins'
instructions to the Jury and every time
he had modified the instructions sub
mitted on behalf of Dimmick. 7he jury
fcid gone away back from the law and sat
town upon the rights cf the defendant
vrhexi it brought in a verdict of conviction
upon evidence which to Collins' unbiased
and unprejudiced mind had no material
bearing upon the charges in the indict
ment. - \u25a0 . . .
Spends a Whole Day Trying to Turn
the Court From Its Erro
neous Ways.
COLLINS FINDS A NEST
OF AIXEGED BI^TJUDESS
Wong Hi, a Chinese 1 undertaker, en
gaged Beeler and Sam Sherman, idle ha
bitues of Chinatown, to take the body of
the babv to the cemetery in San Mateo
County. Beeler was paid $2 25 for the
prospective services and, with burial li
cense, started out Monday afternoon with
the coffln. Sherman and Beeler were none
too sober at the, time of starting. When
they reached Colma they tired of their
job and after going a short distance far
ther they threw the coffln over a fence
and returned to town. Beeler confessed
to his Inhuman action, alleging drunken
ness as the reason. Sherman has not yet
been arrested, but Ryan expects to cap
ture him to-day.
The Chinese baby was two months old.
The body was removed to Redwood City.
Beeler will be taken there also and held
to answer for a violation of a burial ordi
nance.
A small coffin containing the corpse of
a Chinese baby was discovered yesterday
morning about a quarter of a mile below
Colma. The dogs of the neighborhood
vfrere gnawing through the thin boards
trying to reach the body. Two farmers
in the vicinity found the coffin and re
ported the case to the Constable at Col
ma. Information of the discovery was
sent to the local Police Department and
Detective Tom Ryan was put on the case.
Harry Beeler was arrested after an in
vestigation and confessed to the facts
which account for the presence of the
body near the Colma road.
The Judge thereupon ordered the de
fendants arraigned, despite Hutton's ob
jection, and continued the cases till next
Monday morning at 11 o'clock, when the
preliminary examination will take place.
The defendants with the exception of
Duncan seem to realize the gravity of
the charge against them. Duncan grinned
at every one >vho looked in his direction
and appeared to feel a certain pride in
the notoriety attached to the horrible
crime. • • .
Hutton objected strenuously to any tes
timony being taken, and insisted upon the
continuance. The Judge called Piatt to
the stand and questioned him as to his
arrangements for leaving the city. He
replied that he wanted to get away -as
soon as he could, but- a day or two
would not make any difference.
William Buckley, Thomas Moran,
Charles r>onnelly and Edward Duncan,
the four men charged with the murder of
George W. Rice, the non-union machin
ist, at Twentieth and Howard streets Fri
day evening, appeared before Judge Mo
gan yesterday. Benjamin Rice, a brother
of the murdered man, swore to complaints
before the cases were called charging
each of the defendants with murder.
When the cases were called Attorney
Hutton explained that he was associated
with Attorney Cleveland L. Dam as coun
sel for Buckley. He asked, in
view of the fact that it would require
some time to ' transcribe the testimony
taken at the Coroner's inquest, that a
continuance be granted for a week. Jo
seph Coffey, who appeared as special pros
ecutor, said that W. J. Piatt and his
daughter Erline. \u25a0who are important wit
nesses, had made arrangements to leave
the city on an extended vacation; and if
the defense would agree to their testi
mony being taken he would not object to
the week's continuance. .
Says Teachers Who Mar
ry Do Not Thereby
Lose Positions.
Coffin Containing Re
mains Found Off the
Colma Road.
Their Counsel Asks for
a Continuance of
One Week.
The petition of Edwin TV. 1 Carpenter
and twenty-four other nominees of the
Socialist Labor party for a writ of man
date to compel Registrar Walsh to give
their ticket a place on the ballot at the
coming election was denied yesterday by
Judge Seawell.
Writ Refused Socialists.
The other candidates who were upon .the
stage were called upon to state their posi
tions in reference to the management of
the offices they are seeking to fill.
Is this the kind of Mayor the citizens of San
Francisco desire? Do they want the bosses
on the one hand to have control of all the
municipal officers, and the railroad, water,
gas and other corporations to engineer all the
legislation? If I can Judge the temper of the
people they certainly do not.
On the other hand, our present Mayor is the
owner of millions, of which he never earned a
dollar by work. The present Democratic nom
inee Is also, I am informed, the owner of a
large fortune by Inheritance, which enables
him to move in society and to maintain the
dignity of his position. Do not misunderstand
me — money Is not an objection. The mere fact
of Its possession Is no sin and no disqualifica
tion and of Itself is no argument against hold
ing of office, and what I say la not an attack
on wealth. Inherited or earned. I mean merely
that its possession should not seemingly be
the only qualification for office. I mean merely
that there lies ever in the constant and re
currlns: nomination of such centlemen, whose
greatest qualification Is their prominent finan
cial standln* (and they have been nominated
for years and years), an implied accusation
against the honest masses of the people — an
imputation of unreliability, irresponsibility, ig
norance, dishonesty or of vice— an imputation
which is sometimes, indeed, not carried silently
but is often ooenly expressed. I maintain
that such a situation is not fair or conducive
to' the best interests of a community.
Possession of Money Not a Sin.
Why should we be called upon always to fol
low and never. I will not say to lead, but «ot
even to be on an equal footlnsr In governmental
affairs? Why should the Mayor, for example,
be sought always among the representatives
of moneyed interests, the owners of Inherited
fortunes or the willing coadjutors of the rep
resentatives and attorneys of the giant corpo
rations? The candidate for Mayor of the Re
publican convention— I will not say of the Re
publican party, because the party had nothing
to do with his nomination and a large portion
of the party Is extremely dissatisfied with it
has himself openly avowed that he owes his
nomination to a syndicate of Impure political
bosses and to the influence of the representa
tives of the irreat corporations, which need a
stanch friend in the Mayor's chair to enable
them better to carry out their selfish policies.
He has himself lately stated through the
public press that for the settlement of a very
trifling political question he sent one of the
petty bosses to the chief counsel of the rail
road company, and It is currently reported that
his entire administration, both as to appoint
ments and as to policies, is mortgaged politi
cally in advance to fulfill his obligation in
curred on receiving the nomination.
Now, does any one for a moment doubt that
If. instead of the gentleman who is now filling
the Mayor's chair, we had had some one as
Mayor of San Francisco who had been brought
up In touch with the masses of the people, 'who
had earned his own living, who could sympa
thize with the situation, that all the troubles
and violence, exaggerated though they may be,
inexcusable though they may be, could have
been avoided?
Let us for example take boldly the late in
dustrial disturbances in our city, the echoes
of which are still reverberating.
I deprecate and have tver deprecated all vio
lence. In accepting tne nomination for the
office of Mayor, I said and I repeat now firm
ly and deliberately, "that I am in favor of
peaceful measures at all hazards and In the
fair and friendly consideration of invested cap
ital as corelatlve to similar consideration for
organized labor."
Schmitz Deprecates Violence.
loyal support depends the safety of the coun
try and the happiness of our people, but when
a crisis arrives, when there ia need for the
exercise of a calm, cool Judgment and a com
mon sense born of experience \u25a0with the world
and contact with fellowmen of all classes, do
we find that representation in government to
which our numbers, our intelligence, our re
spectability entitle us? No. No, indeed.
RICE'S SLAYERS
ARE ARRAIGNED
NOW wouldn't that jar you!" ex
claimed "Kid" Lewis, manager
of the Kids' Special Messenger
Service, as he pondered over a
picture of an up-to-date mer
cury in skirts. The' "Kid" had heard of
the transformation the Postal Company
had brought about in Cleveland, Ohio, and"
also stories, to the effect that the Postal
office and other messenger concerns in
this city were considering the advisability
of Imitating Cleveland by sending out
neatly dressed girls to eclipse in speed the
far-famed messenger boy.
"Dat'll never be on de boards in dls
here burg," continued the "Kid" musing
ly; "de town is too speedy. Now just
draw a chromo in your nut of one of
dese murcurries wid skirts on tearing up
LANE CHAMPIONS
CAUSE OF CUPID
BODY OF BABY
THROWN TO DOGS
de line to a swell's apartments wid about
a doz ouarts of de Juice of de grape in
her wing-s. But I'll never hire any fairies
for my service. I would have a large
time, I don't think, explaining to mud
ders, big burly brudders and papas what
had happened to their Susie. Alary or
Jane when she hadn't thought of home,
sweet home for a few nights. Dls biz
wasn't framed for any female murcurrles.
Even if dey do josh de boys 'bout readln'
a bunch of» high romantic litrature and
smokin' about sixteen packs of cigs •when
tieliverin' a message or carryin' a bundle,
dey gets there just de same. I don't like
to knock, but de girls won't do in dis biz.
It's too tough."
The officials of the American, San Fran
cisco and other cqmpanles deny that they
contemplate any change in their forces at
the present time, but they admit that the
matter of employing girls has been dis-
The candidacy of myself and of the other
nominees on the ticket which we have met here
to indorse Is justified by the principles upon
which are based the glories of qur American
citizenship and the stability of our American
institutions.
Year in and year out the politicians have told
us. who earn our livelihood through our labor
and our toll, that we are the bone and sinew
of the people; that upon us and upon our
I stand here representative of two great prin
ciples rather than of a personal ambition.
First, the right of all elements of our popula
tion to fair representation. Second, the free
dom of our city and government from corrupt
boss control.
Having been put forward as the standard
bearer in this contest, of course I desire, and
I expect, to meet with successful result, and
I shall certainly do all in my power, in every
honorable way, to secure my election. But
principles must overshadow and outweigh men,
and the personality of candidates, while merit
ing most careful consideration, is really but an
incident.
Two Great Principles Involved.
General Chaffee Active in
Innovations in the
Philippines.
Albert F. Roberta filed a communica
tion yesterday with the Election Commis
sion requesting that his name be with
drawn from nomination as Supervisor on
the Republican ticket. Roberts assigns
as a reason for resigning that he was reg
istered in San Jose four years ago and the
charter requires a residence of five years
in this city for nominees.
The old Republican County Committee,
of which Augustus Tilden is chairman,
will meet to-night for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy on" the ticket caused by
the withdrawal of Roberts. ' Official no
tice of Adam Andrews' withdrawal may
be. filed before the committee meets. ~ In
that event there will be two ..vacancies to
fill. It is doubtful if Asa R. Wells' friend,
B. P. Flint, can be persuaded to go on
the ticket at this time. - 1. J. Truman,
Colonel Joseph G. Giesting and Colonel
Fred Burgin are mentioned as acceptable
men. Colonel Giesting is a Grand Army
man and National Guardsman. He was
a delegate from the Fortieth Assembly
District in the late Republican conven
tion. Colonel Burgin. was formerly presi
dent of the Donahue railroad and is one
of the executors of the estate of Mervyn
Donahue.
The fact is noted by the politicians that
neither the campaign committee nor the
new County Committee created by the
late Republican convention is to fill the
vacancies. The Tilden committee, over
which there hangs a cloud, is to act.
Some of the politicians suggest that the
Bouvier County Committee should get in
and assert its right under the law to act
for the party. The new County Commit
tee, consisting of four from each Assem
bly district and eighteen at large, making
ninety all told, will not enter the political
arena as a governing body until January
1, 1902. The calculations are that the body
will hold office for two years and be in
possession of the works throughout the
gubernatorial campaign of next year and
the municipal campaign of the year fol
lowing. The committee will not amount
to much as a governing body If the pri
mary election law holds good, but the
push politicians are guessing that the Su
preme Court will overthrow the law on
account of the provision requiring voters
to sign their names and indicate their
party affiliation.
CAMPAIGN IU FUIX SWI2TGL
Eugene E. Schmitz, Candidate for
Mayor, Outlines Party Principles.
Eugene E. Schmitz, the Union Labor
party's candidate for Mayor, was the
principal speaker, at the ratification meet
ing held last night at Metropolitan Tem
ple, which formally, opened the campaign.
Schmitz occupied the center of the stage
and all the other candidates were grouped
about him. The hall was well filled, not
a few ladies, being in the audience. J. S.
Parry called the meeting to order and In
troduced Joseph Millmore as chairman.
Dr. John F. Dillon, candidate for Cor
oner, was the first speaker, and he was
followed by Thomas F. Eagan, candidate
for Recorder. Eagan said that there were
but three issues in the : campaign — first,
shall the city be honestly and economic
ally governed? second, shall our city gov
ernment be administered with fairness
and even-handed justice? and third, shall
the wage worker be declared unfit to
hold office in a city he makes his home?
He referred to W. F. Herrin as an an
archist. In speaking of the McNab-Phe
lan convention he said that the election
of "that man Wells or that gentleman
Tobln" meant either the retention of Chief
Sullivan or the election of Captain "Witt
man In his stead. The names of the police
officials were greeted with groans and.
hisses. 1
Eugene E. Schmitz was received with
great applause and said in part;
Nicholas Hcrrero, the murderer of the
famous Captain Lara of the Manila po
lice, whose services to the United States
during the height of the insurrection
•were invaluable and whose faithfulness
•was never questioned, was sentenced to
but ten years in Bilibid prison. The light
sentence was due to the fact that the
convicting evidence was rather menirar,
although there was little doubt that lier
rero was guilty cf the assassination.
Military officers have decided that
stricter measures than those that have
been in vogue In dealing with natives by
the courts-martial are necessary, and
death instead of life imprisonment is
now generally the penalty for murder.
It was the practice for a long time to
give native criminals severe sentences
and then for the reviewing authorities
to commute them. The leniency did not
seem to have the desired effect and
crimes multiplied. During the last two
months, however, a score or more of
Filipino murderers have been executed
and other criminals have received heavy
sentences.
The Rev. Dr. A. L. Hazlett of Colo
rado Springs, Colo., is in San Francisco
bound for the. Philippines as a Commis
sioner appointed by the Secretary of "War
to Investigate the charges of gross im
morality in our military camps in the
Far East. Dr. Hazlett was selected for
the Important position on recommenda
tion oi Major General MacArthur. He
Tvill leave to-day on the army transport
Thomas.
Vagrue rumors have drifted to this
country from time to time that the sol
diery were giving way morally as well as
physically In the far avray possessions,
and the religious people of the United
States have demanded an investigation
vhich shall not be an army investigation.
Dr. Hazlett states that he has heard
that all kinds of evils are prevalent in
the Philippines and that the authorities
are very lax.
Army omcers are rather amused at the
idea and think that if the newly ap
pointed Commissioner follows about two
days in the waKe of a paymaster on one
of his trips through tne outlying prov
inces he will be decidedly shocKea. How
ever, it is not probable that Dr. Hazlett
will eo much outside of Manila, lloUo
«Lnd Mindanao, where he will lind condi
tions about the same as among large
bodies of troops in the home garrisons.
Troops Sent to Permanent Stations.
The second, and third battalions of the
Eighteenth Infantry, which arrived on
a. late transport, have been ordered by
General Young to i>ermanent stations in
the Hast. Companies K, F, G and H go
to Kort D. A- rtussell, Wyoming; Com
panies K, L. and M go to Fort Douglas,
Utah, and Company i to Fort Duchesne,
Utah.
General Chaffee, after extensive cor
respondence vnth the AVar Department,
has decided to abolish the United States
general hospital at Nagasaki, Japan.
Captain Irving M. Rand and First Lieu
tenants B. H. Dutcher and E. E. Parsons
of tne medical department, who were
on duty at that station, have been or
dered to San Francisco. The hnsp'Tal
&t Nagasaki was indispensable while the
volunteers were comiiiij a^u going i>«
tween the Philippines and this city, but
the travel cf enlisted men across the
Pacific is now coropartively light, and
ail cases of sickness can be attended to
on the transports by the regular medi
cal staff.
Or.e of the four companies of engineers
now in the Philippines has been ordered
to Mindanao for duty. This is considered
by the army authorities to indicate that
the engineering work in Luzon is ap
proaching- completion. For two years
the Americans have been endeavoring to
make military reads in the Philippines
over which it shall be possible to con
duct wagon trains during the rainy sea
son. The natives were In the habit of
bridging the streams by which the isl
ands are traversed in every direction
with frail bamboo structures, which were
washed away annually when the first
floods came. Corps of engineers have
built many substantial bridges between
the more important polrts on Luzon, and
safe travel even in August and Septem
ber is now possible.
Stricter Iffe&snres for the Tslnnris.
Ineligible Candidate for Su
pervisor Sends In With
! drawal.
War Department Ap
points a Minister to
Be Inspector.
Republicans Se9k Men
to Round Out the
Ticket.
TO IWVESTIGRTE
ARMY MORALITY
ONE IN DOUBT,
OTHER RESIGNS
"Kid" Lewis Makes
a Few Remarks
Anent Girls as
Messengers. r
FLEET MERCURIES IN SKIRTS
MAY BE GIVEN A TRIAL HERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
14
SITUATIONS "KID" LEWIS PIC
TURES WHEN GIRLS SHALL
BECOME MESSENGERS.
hot muffins, hot cakes,
made with Royal Baking
Powder may be freely
eaten without fear of
indigestion.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _,_ _ '
The following special lines of
NEW GOODS will be on sale
this week.
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
A new shipment Of ALL-WOOL -CREPE DE CHENE,
CREPE ANDALOUSE anil CREPE GLORIA, In all the latest
shades for Fall wear, Goods full 43 Inches wide.
Price $1.00 Yard.
BUCK DRESS GOODS.
One Case (16 pieces) JET BLACK UNFINISHED WOR-
STED, full 56 Inches wide. This Is the fahrlc so much
In demand for Ladles' Tailor-made Suits.
Price $1.5O Yard.
COLORED SILKS.
40 pieces NEW ALL-SILK MOMIE CREPE, the newest
material for Waists, width 20 Inches.
Price $1.00 Yard.
30 pieces ALL-SILK CREPE DE CHENE, medium weight
and yeru high luster; all the newest coloring^ latest
material for Dresses, 23 Inches wide. :
$1.00 Yard.
FLANNEL DEPARTMENT.
5 Cases NEW PRINTED FLANNELS, In Stripes, Figures
and Persian Designs. Tnls is tne new fahrlc so much,
sold for Ladles' Klmonas, House Dresses and Waists.
TPrice 12^c Yard.
UPHOLSTERING DEPARTMENT.
240 pieces NEW ART DENIMS and NOVELTY CRE-
TONNES, hoth plain and printed. These goods are full
36 Inches wide and latest designs.
Price 15c Yard.
m. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
'Phone Howard 102L
|gg i |S§F II 1KJ4 0^ .*h! mS9 Si bSmL
119 TAY1.OR STREET.
October 16, 17, 18, 19.
DIITTPn Fresh Creamery, largo <)P-
bU 1 1 tK % ™ fi ~^35C
Received direct daily.
*EGGS-EASTERN RANCH. 23c.
rn f*O Good California Ranch: nn.
rhhO dozen JjlJC
uuuu AU g Uaranteea . Regular 35c www
WASHING POWDER. S pounds 25c.
LEA&PERRINS'.^ssj, 7 ,
1 a r g e Q I t)U
bottle .. §^ u
Why pay 45c or 50c?
BEST SAXD SOAP. 8 bars 23c.
my wife's m^m W*
mp.yonnalse made; 20 dozen on sale. "Why
pay 30c?
FREE— 10c tins PET CREAM.
on jjn Andersons assorted;' 4<)C ft
0 U U I V2 va j.j es ; \u25a0• • ReguYafidc! " " " " »
HUNTER RTE WHISKEY. 81 OO,
MONOGRAM S^85c
Bourbon. Regular $1 15.
SWEET WINES— 40c bottle 23c.
ZIHFANDEL "Sf,i^fcva;45B
LlllimiUkb popular, old rlch,^ UU
fruity. Usually 65c.
JUST LIKE FINDING MONET.
SUGAR B £5SS ls :...»^L *§\ nn
OUUHII granulate cane 'VUiUU
This sale for all who leave orders Sat-
urday night after 6 o'clock. Two dollars
cr over.
DISORDERS jg~-\
BY FAR THE GREAT- "Yl/ NS^fO^
er number of patlentj i=T \Ml7 //
seeking relief for so-called \\ \ yil/l //
weakness are strong. \\ \A yl if:
robust men In every other \u25a0.-
respect. Loss of Vitality. Prematureness, eta*
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of la-
fammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larjfed and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
sults, as indicated by increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
application, is Interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male.
DR. 1ALCOIT & Cl\, 997 Market St.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat d
$HUSElia OF ANATOMY?
T t^f The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
' B _i^L— World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
r SsfSJl liiseJw poMU*"-!/ cared hy the oldest X
© j£J « Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. Q
4 iiflcf 2 OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM />
\ F$f??^i Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
11 i i-S« Treatment personally nr by letter. A A
f J ff a Positive Cure in every case undertaken. V
A 9 I 11 < w '"te for Bnofc. PHIl.OSOI'nV of V
' * II 11^ M*nHl*6K. MA112D FUSE. (A7
jk Q it »»l«able book for mro) \
f JDK. JOSDAX A CO.. 1051 JVr.irkptSt..S. F. Q
I DR.PIERCES
CSCBELDERI
MEDICAL
FOR THE <\
BLOOD,LIVER.UJNCS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
luiijiDiEsr
From the Treasurer of the
Young People's Christian Tem-
perance Association, Elizabeth
. Caine, Fond du Lac, Wis.
V. Dear Mrs. Ptxkham : — I want to
tell you and all the youn g ladies of the
country, how grateful I am to you for
all the benefits I have received from
using- Liydia E. JPinlvbam's "Vege-
table Compound. I suffered for
MISS ELIZABETH CATNE.
eight months from suppressed men-
struation, and it effected my entire
system until I became weak and debil-
itated, and at times felt that I had a
hundred aches in as many places. I
only used the Compound for a few
weeks, but it wrought a change in me
which I felt from the very beginning.
I have been very regular since, have no
pains,' and find that my entire body is
as if it was renewed. I gladly, recom-
mend X<ydia E. Pinkham's "Vege-
table Compound to everybody." —
Miss Elizabeth Caine, GO W. Division
St., Fond du Lac, Wis.— $5000 forfeit if
above testimonial Is not genuine.
At such a time the greatest aid to
nature is Liydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. It prepares
the young system for the eoming
change, and is the surest reliance for
woman's ills of every, nature.
Mrs# Pinkham ( invites all
young -women who are 111 to
write her for free advice. Ad-
dress Liynn, Mass.