PRICE FIVE CENTS. ¦
SAN FRANGlSCd, WEDNE 1901 .
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 178.
CHILDREN OF THE CITY'S SCHOOLS
GREET THE NATION'S PRESIDENT
President Hopes to Start Home on
Saturday, as His Wife Is
Fast Recovering.
Knights Templar.
Chief Executive^ 'Tp=Day Reviews
League of Gross Cadets and
SCENES ON VAN NESS AVENUE DURING THE PRESIDENTS REVIEW OF .THE i! CHILODREN , OF THE PUBLJC
SCHOOLS YESTERDAY AND HIS ADDRESS^.TO THE . FORTUNATE ONES 'GATHERED ''ABOUT HIS CAR
RIAGE BETWEEN CALIFORNIA AND SACRAMENTO STREETS. : . . '* ' . ;
"m M ': BS *' McKINLEY is rapidly _ : recovering her health and
I w/ B the Executive hopes to be able to start with her
I . W M for his home in Canton, • Ohio, next Saturday. The
k. 1 J9l ' ¦' ' ¦-' ¦¦¦¦ /; •¦' ¦» •' •"'¦ ' '¦ "'"' >'.''¦' *
. physicians only 'saw their patient once yesterday and
did- not pay an evening ( visit. . T he < President ¦ reviewed ' the school '
children and also took a long drive through the Presidio and Golden
" ':' ' '> '"•"•'.• V '-'' ' ¦ - ¦'' ¦ ¦¦'.¦¦. ' ' »•¦"¦ • ¦ - .
Gate Park. ! This afternoon" he, will attend the reception' of the
Knights Templar in/the Mechanics!.' Pavilion iit'.2:3O and. in the
evening will inspect the League of the Cross Cadets in the same
building, u/
The President will probably review the Presidio troops to-mor-
Continued on Second Page.
,¦.-.'¦ '' ' ¦¦• '•' -' ' •'¦ - : ¦' '
k-"M • IW RS; McKINT^EY, Is. rapidly re
'•/%-•'/¦ covering froni' her severe.ill
¦ |-1 7 I ness, arid socheering were the
l..\ •'¦; reports' of the physicians yes-
J[ , y J^. terday that the President has
"every/ hope '.of being; able to
start on , Saturday, next for his home in
tha East. . Vv ' / •- ' : '••' ; ¦'
Mrs! McKinley was so, much better yes
terday* that' the President was able -to. re
view the school children u of \ the : city and
also to take a longdrive through the Pre
sidio' and Golden Gate Park. • ¦]¦".' ' V
AThe- recovery? of 'Mrs. McKinley;. Is, so
marked that the' President '.wlUfendeayor
to" fulfill 'niany, of the engagements ( he, was
obliged i to cancel > last week on account ' of
the sudden prostration of his wife.
j The plans for to-day Include' the recep
tion* of the Knights Templar at the Me
chanics' Pavilion at 2:30 p. m. and the* In
spection of the "League of the Cross Ca
dets in. the Pavilion" at 8 p. m.
'-Yesterday morning, when the physicians
called on Mrs. McKinley, they found that
she had enjoyed a night of unbroken rest.
Her strength* was Increasing rjourly^and
she was able to partake of food of jvour
lshlng character. She sat up for a* line,
and. the (thrill cheers of school children
greeting her husband floated to her room
and caused her to express; her happiness.
another occupied by. William Denman of
the Board of Education, Colonel : George
Stone,' Henry : T. Scott and Ralph C. Har
rison, Associa^ Justice of \he Supreme
Court. . • ¦ ' . ,
• Four tallyhos carrying Cabinet Minis
ters and prominent San Franciscans had
left tho Palace Hotel at 9:30 o'clock. These
had been, driven up "Market street to
Golden Gate avenue^' and thence to Van
Ness avenue and' along "' it to Jackson
street, the occupants receiving 'salvos "of
cheers from the excited,^expectant school
children. \ "willing to | , give generous /ap
plause to a member, of the Cabinet ' even
it the President were expected at any.
moment.
: The ¦ tallyhos ; fell ¦ in : behind _.the car
rfages that came down from the Scott
residence and '¦, Joined In . the parade. : In
the first, driven by Walter Hobart,, were
Secretary and Mrs. John Hay, ' Mrs.'; Cor- •
telyou, Miss : Mary' Barber,' '•. Miss "¦ Hobart, , ;
Mr. 'and Mrs. : J. ;B. ¦' Casserly,' 'John D. '
Spreckels and .Howard 'M. .Thompson. '¦'.-.
' In' the Newhall tal'lyh'o". Secretary and:
Mrs. Charles, E.* Smith,- Mrs. Dr. Rlxeyi ;
Mrs. ' Irving j M. • Scott, ". Miss • Effle ; Bro wn',' ;
Rear Admiral. .Melville,' Miss Katherine ',
Dillon, Walter • F. Clarke and " M. H. ; de ;'
Young: made • up the .party/'
¦ Those in . the ; Kelly .coach were : j Secre- '¦[
tary.E. A: Hitchcock, Miss Hitchcock; '¦'.
Miss Florence ", Ives, > Miss ~'\ Irwin,*; Miss :
Voorhees, Mrs. i Reginald Smith, ¦ Miss V
Sophia ', Colmah; >' Mr". '¦ arid ';, Mrs. >¦' George ','
Morse, R. : L.*; Dunn- "and "James *."W." Hare."'.' \ '
H. J.' Crocker's coach ;was": occupied * by,;;
Secretary John ¦¦ ..Wilson,:- •: Miss •Wilson, ; ;
Mfs.'H.- J.' Crocker, 'James "Dl' Phelan/.W.' r
C. ' .Van ¦'¦ Fleet,' >W. *W. '., Hood,' '.':'. Maurice i
Casey,' Major . J. JJ. • Rathbone,' General '
Fred .Grant, Stenographer ; Latte /and J.' i."
O'B.'-.Guiin. -.' \ ¦••;•"•' ¦;¦'-.¦ . , .- ;: - '.', - : .
'^>':V'- : '-'' '-¦¦ -- ¦¦ ¦'•"•:• ¦¦¦''•-': .'•¦**••';: v* 1 ••'''•' \
From 1 the very,- first sight the children
had ¦ of [the .President ; until his carriage
was driven" away jdown the avenue,' the
horses in a'gallop, 'toward Fort Mason -to
escape « the ¦ crowd f closing ; in " upon . the
Presldent-at the close' of the review, there
never; w"as4 at moment .when ;the shrill
cheers of children's voices were hot' blend?'
iris-'lri a j chorus; that drowned -all < bth'er
sounds,': except^ during the time the Presl
'dent'.wasj speaking.". \ _, '-' ' ; ¦
jt. The "*• President's;', carriage .-was driven
slowly- along^ close-, to the 'west! side of
the;' avenue'; on '.the i way..- toward Market
street, ; (and I on": the /return • it was
close'; to^ 1 the " east f side, "," so [ that ' all /might
h'avethe best possible chance 'to see the
President J ::; The ¦ horses '[ were .walked arid
fo'rtyimlnutes'were'consumed iii tne round
trip/ . ~ :;';'.¦: : 'X^\ :•;';;'? , ;: ':'; . •; ;. :
. 'As '".the ; . procession ; moved ';{ along/ the
_ .: Continued on Second Page, -
to look upon as the two deep fringes of
bright-faced echool children that lined
Van Ness avenue to see the President go
by. The little folk were placed T>y schools
and were given positions next to the "wire
rcp«s stretched along the line of the side
walk curbing. Most of them carried flags
and all of them were in holiday dress.. It
was a bright, joyous spectacle, full of en
thusiasm and life and the innocvice of
childhood. * .
Back of the lines of children were thou
eands from the adult population. The
grown people In the main generally re
frained from crowding the children and
remained In the background, content to
of ail that had transpired since he left
"Washington had pleased him more— this
vrhJle he was showing his appreciation by
making one of the most notable speeches
of his trip.
Certainly San Francisco has never be
fore seen a eight so beautiful and • good
H™ VERY school boy and school. girl
In San Francisco knows William
McKinley this morning. The
President reviewed the 45,000 pu
pils of the schools . yesterday
morning on Van Ness avenue,
and eo cordial was the reception and j so
kindly the President's jnanner in acknowl
edging the ovations he received from one
end of the avenue to the other that each
of the boys and girls may justly feel that
the review was almost of the nature of a
personal Introduction.
The President himself said that no event
McKinley Pronounces the Review
One of the Host Pleasant
Events of His Trip.
watch the Presidential parade "over the
heads of the little ones. The sidewalks,
fences, door stoops, front yards, door
ways and windows of houses everywhere
on Van Ness avenue were crowded with
sightseers. A large percentage of- them
were women, and for them as well as
for the children the day will be cherished
in memory longer than any other of the
President's visit -
Arrival of tha President. *
The schools were for the most part. In
the positions .assigned* them much before
10 o'clock, and teachers and the police
found it difficult to restrain the surplus
energy that surged against the wire ropes
and overflowed into forbidden territory.
A few of the youngest pupils were march
ed into position only barely in time to see
the President pass, and the consternation
on their faces when It seemed that they
would miss seeing the great man showed
n.ost vividly how much they prized the
opportunity.
j President" McKlnley was driven down
from the Scott residence, and entrance
upon Van Ness avenue was made shortly
after 10 o'clock. The usual squad of de
tectives and mounted policemen escorted
the carriage. Seated by the President's
side was Mrs. Mary W. Klncald, president
of the Board of Education, while Henry
J. Crocker and Private Secretary f George
B. Cortel you occupied the other seat of the^
carriage.
¦ Following: the President's carriage was
School Children of the City Make
Acquaintance of Chief Execu
tive of the Nation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.PRETORIA, May 21.— A . considerable
commando of loyal Boers is in the neigh
borhood of Nigel Reef,' Transvaal. 'Last
week General Colville's men -attacked
General I Hans Eotha's laager 'and after
hard fighting captured and burned It. The
Boers made a good defense, but the Brit
ish troops impetuously rushed the position
and the burghers fled. •¦' ¦'¦;* •
LONDON, Miy 21.— A» dispatch from
Middelburg, Cape Colony, says an Impor
tant concentration of Boers is proceeding
in Zuurberg. Many fresh invaders are
crossing the Orange River into Cape Col
ony, and Commandant Fouche also Joined
the burghers in that district. The total
strength of the Boers in that . district is
estimated at between 10,000 and 15.000.
There is an unconfirmed rumor that Gen
eral Christian Dewet is again in command
of the Boer invaders. British military of
ficials are cognizant of the movements of
the Boers, and are prepared for them.
BRUSSELS, May 21.— The Senate to-day,
by a vote of 37 to 22, rejected a resolution
introduced by M. La Fontaine, Socialist,
declaring in favor of the Transvaal and
regretting that Belgium was powerless to
do anything in the matter. •, ' v :
The Foreign Minister, M." de Favereau,
replying to the accusations made durmg
the -debate .that British soldiers had mas
sacred Boer women and children and had
otherwise ill treated the Boers, said Great
Britain -had carried civilization to. all the
countries. of the world and had every
where defended liberty. of. the person and
'of conscience. « ¦
SCHOOLCHILDREN GREET PRESIDENT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
British . Troops , Capture and
JJurn Laager of Hans ,
¦ ¦ '¦ . Botha.: ,-V-.:©
Boers Contemplate a
New Invasion of
i Cape Colony. g
FAMOUS DEWET
WILL LEAD THEM
GEN. FITZ JOHN PORTER
JOINS SILENT MAJORITY
' '. ,.....— ( . ¦ ¦ ¦ • .. •; ..,••¦¦
CHURCH DIGNITARIES WHO HAVE BECOME PROMINENT FIGURES IN THE LOCAL. STRIKE SITUATION, AS
THEY MAY BE REQUESTED TO MEDIATE BETWEEN MEN OF THE VARIOUS IRON WORKS, NOW ON
STRIKE, AND THEIR EMPLOYERS. " : .. 'v '
THE L.ATE, GENERAL. FITZ JOHN PORTER, WHO DIED YESTERDAY
' FROM CHRONIC DIABETES AT HIS HOME AT MORRISTOWN, N. J.,
. AT THE AGE OF 80 YEARS. \ - v ,.
* Continued From First Page.
of the Federal. offices to-morrow morning
at 9 o'clock. '
PRESIDENT GOING HOME SATURDAY
when he rejoined McClellan, /moving
against Lee in Maryland. He commanded
the Federal center- af : the bloody battle
of Antietam and- was" the first to follow
General Lee's, retreating army across the
river. t He continued in command of the
Fifth Corps in- the Federal movement to
.'the 1 Rhappa han nock, •, and until November
12,' 1862 v /when:'he i was? relieved from his
fcommand" in'.'the'j presence of the enemy
and a few days.later placed under arrest.
This was on account of charges preferred
by General Pope. of. misconduct and cow
ardice .during Stonewall Jackson's flank
movement • in ; the summer of 1862 around
Pope's army and the fighting leading up
to the second battle of Manassas.
•; A court-martiar convicted General Por
ter and he was cashiered from the army.
Not till' sixteen years after, in 1878, when
the Comte de Paris, in his "History 'of
the War of the Rebellion," Had demon
strated that Porter was not In fault, and
Porter and his friends had made repeated
efforts to that end, was a court of inquiry
appointed to examine into the findings of
the court-martial and. report thereon.
This court, consisting of Generals Scho
fleld, Terry and Getty, completely vindi
cated the much-wronged Porter. General
Grant approved the finding and exerted
himself to have Porter reinstated in his'
rank in the army. A bill removing his
disabilities was passed after a fierce fight
in both houses of Congress, but was ve
toed by President Arthur. Another bill,
practically the same, was passed In 1886
and became a law. - He was restored to
his rank, but no provision was made for
his back -pay. He not long after retired,
after which he held the positions of Com
missioner of Public Works in New York
City, assistant receiver of the New Jersey
Central Railroad for several years and
then Police Commissioner of New York
City. ; On the expiration of his term In
the latter office he was appointed Fire
Commissioner, from which place he re
tired at the end of his term and did not
after "hold any public office. ¦ In all his
military career General 1 Porter showed
himself to be a thoroughly capable, judi
cious, brave and successful soldier.
If You Have Rheumatism *.
Send, no money;. but wrlteDr.Shoop.Raclne.'Wl*.;
box 137,f or six bottles of Dr. 5 Shoop's > Rheumatic
Cure.exp.paia. If cured pay $5. 50. If not, it U free*
The controversy between the "Western
Central Labor Union, of Seattle and the S.
F. . Labor" - Council has. been finally*, con
cluded. ,The .Rainier Brewing: Co: has not
been other than union at any time. Both
executive bodies of unions in: above named
cities referred their statements to the Na
tional Executive at Cincinnati, with result
that everything lias been harmoniously
and amicably .- settled.
Brewery Differences Adjusted.
R. ¦ P. '. Hurlbu t , will ; command the pro-
-: The President ' will attend the " reception
of the Knights Templar to-day at 2:30 p.
m. at the Mechanics' Pavilion, but he will
not 1 take part ' in "the parade of the ' Sir
Knights" from the P4ta.ce Hotel, as official
business will | not allow him to devote the
time. to; the affair."
With this exception, the programme will
be carried out as arranged for last week.
The column ¦will form at the Palace Hotel
at 2:30 o'clock and move directly up Mar
ket street to the Mechanic^' Pavilion. The
procession 'will consist of several bands,
a mounted . band, mounted • police, ; ; 200
Knights Templar mounted and a mounted
guard of honor for the President. Cali
fornia and , Golden Gate . commanderies . of
this^city and.commajideries.iof Oakland,
San Jose, San Rafael and ' Vallejo will
f orm. the column. '--¦' r - - ¦
•The President ¦will enter. the Pavilion on
Larkln 1 street and pass through a double
file of Knights Templar to the decorated
stage in the west" end. The exercises. will
consist of achant-of the Lord's prayer by
150 male voices and the band and the sing-
Ing of -"America" by 150 voices in the
chorus,, accompanied by 'the band. The
President will : be presented to the'audi
ence and if; the spirit moves him he will
speak. '.-He 'Will • receive a; souvenir from
the Drill . Corps . of : California Command
ery.-The'souvenir is a morocco case, vel
vet lined, : holding a silken flag mounted 1
on a manzanlta ¦ staff. .- The staff : is fin
ished in. gold at , each end. One end Is a
golden i spear 'head- bearing ; a Templar em
blem' on ¦ each **<i* v: '*f| ll *t^fl* ie 1"li '^MfifWl
WILL GBEET KNIGHTS TEOffPLAE
At ¦ midnight it was learned from the
Scott residence that Mrs. McKlnley was
resting comfortably. • . ,' ; ¦ •>•_ -
The -physicians did not make an even
ing visit, and no official bulletin* was'fs
sued at night by Secretary Cortelyou.
The doctors will call on Mrs.-< McKinley
at noon to-day. President McKinley spent
last evening either in the room of his wife
or with his secretary, attending to affairs
of state. i •
During, the ".day Mrs. McKinley called
for the dolly papers and read them with
Interest.- -. When the President returned
from' reviewing the school children In the
morning he found Mrs. McKinley In
cheerful -spirit ;and it was her express
wish that he should join the members of
his -Cabinet In the drive to the Presidio
and the park. ; . •- - - •¦ \ ¦
Everything around the President's tem
porary home was . joyous. The weather
was perfect and the crowds in front of the
hpuse no longer felt a restraint In giving
vAnt to their feelings when the President
appeared on the street. -
cheers of the children and the frantic
waving of their flags marked the progress
of the President's carriage along the lines
of .waiting children. President McKinley
sat with ¦ uncovered head, bowing/and
smiling into the faces of children • who
were almost .within reach of his ' hand,
and in~7hi's»fa.ee^shone unmistakably" the
pleasure he derived from the ovation ac
corded hirfi with all the extravagance and
lavishness of childhood. - , ¦ V
As additional compensation for their
earlier^ disappointments, President Mc-
Kinley consented to address as many chil
dren as could be gathered without fear of
confusion and possible accident within
sound of his voice. In consequence, on
the trip back toward Jackson street the
President's carriage swerved t toward the
west side of the avenue between Califor
nia and Sacramento streets ,.. and was
driven ' close to* the curbing Immediately,
in front of Judge' M.' C. Sloss' residence.
Great Benefits, of Education.
The- President" stood- up in his carriage
and spoke. --Frequent. interruptions of en
thusiastic applause punctuated : his i ad
dress. His speech'was as follows: .-¦ < : i. •¦.
I ' desire to - express the pleasure * which'
has been elven I to me to meet i with' the
45,000 school 'children . of ¦ the '•-. city of -'San
Francisco. It has given. me -an Introduction
Into the- countleES'homes of your. great city and
has permitted me to witnenB the sunshine -which'
this vast number of young people bring to the
firesides of the city.. I know of no richer pos
session than great scholarship, no nobler ambi
tion than to attain It. We cannot all be great
scholars.. but we can all have good scholarship.
Your State constitution early provided for a
greats public school-system', and- declared that
the diffusion of. knowledge and Intelligence was
Indispensable to. the Independence and liberties
of the people. You have 260,000 school children
in the public schools of the State of California,
and your State annually expends for your en
lightenment and equipment to • perform • the
great duties of life more than Blx millions of
dollars, and I want to assure you young people
that there is nothing so essential to your easy
advancement and success In after life as a good
education. .1 If those of us who have battled in
the rivalries and contentions of a busy world
could go back to our youth and our school days
we would embrace cheerfully our neglected op
portunities and pursue- them with industry and
delight. If the testimony of the active men of
San Francisco and of the country could be
taken it would be uniform In the declaration
of th« embarrassments under which they -have
suffered from scanty mental training in youth.
Praises Our Schools and Universities.
You have In this city splendid public schools*
and you have denominational universities
everywhere throughout trie State, and then you
have the two great universities— the Stanford
and the University of California. (Applause.)
No boy and no girl in the State of California has
any excuse for deficiency in the essentials 'and
.rudiments of education and practically the uni
versities are open to all; and I cannot speak of
the. universities without bringing to my mind
those two noble women whose munificent bene
factions—Mrs. Stanford (great applause) and
Mrs. Hearst (great applause)— have- done - so
much for * these great educational institutions.
•^Applause.) ¦ Their magnificent gifts .will last
long after they are gone, and they will mold
and Influence the lives -of the boys and girls
of California for generations yet to ¦ come. ¦
Nothing has. given me more pleasure In my
long trip from the Atlantic v to the Paciflo than
the scene which, we have witnessed ¦ here this
morning (applause), every child waving the
flagtof our faith and our hope and every little
heart Ailed with the love of country. (Great
applause.) What an army for liberty and union j
and civilization! (Great appleuse.) Why, we
have In the' public schools of the United States
four-fold more children than there were people
when this Government waa founded (applause),
and all of them proud of their country and all
of I them revering its institutions and all % of
them meaning that when the time comes for
them to take the responsibilities of administra
tion they will be prepared to do their duty and
pass along this free Government with ever-In
creasing virtue, intelligence and patriotism.
(Enthusiastic appleauae.) .- •¦ -~." • -
I thank you and wish for all of you the reali
zation of every worthy ambition. (Great ap
plause.) ; . •'. > • ' • - ¦ . :.',- ¦¦:.' '.
The schools were placed along the ave
nue as, follows: -. * • •"<•
A Jackson to Washington, west side, Sherman
and Grant; east .side, Broadway. * :
Washington to Clay, . west side, Madison,
Cooper; east side, J Spring Valley, Wlnfleld
Scott. ¦ "'.;•' • .' .- "' ¦-.¦..<-'¦ --v-
' Clay to ' Sacramento, west . . side, Pacific
Heights; east side, ¦ Hancock, , Irving, Chinese.
Sacramento to California, wefet side, Lowell
High, Mission High; east side, Garfleld, Lafay
ette. ¦...';•¦ ¦¦,-.•¦ ¦ ':- r -¦¦¦'.
'California to Pine, west side. Girls' High,
Emerson; east -nidi Washington, Redding.-.
Pine to Bush, west'slde, Hamilton; east side,
Denman, ' Polytechnic High. R '- i v
Bush to Sutter. west side, John. Swett; east
side, Clement. . -' ¦.-.-. . /
Sutter to Post," west side, Mission Grammar,
Sutro; east side, 'Adams Cosmopolitan, i -. -
Post to Geary, west side. Richmond, Pea
body; east side, Lincoln Grammar. ;.
,-Geary to'.O'Farrell, west side, Hearst: east
side, commercial' department Lincoln, ¦.Hum
boldt. . - '.' ¦- . -. - '-••- . -
O'Farrell to Ellis, west side, Horace Mann;
east side, Longfellow Grammar, Harrison. ~
"Ellis to Eddy, west; side, Columbia; > east
side, Jefferson, • Starr King. ' \ -. '¦' --: -.
Kddy , to Turk, ¦ west ¦ side. Laguna Honda,
Bergerot; east side, : Franklin Grammar..
1 Turk to Golden,- Gate, west -side, y, Agasslz
Bucna Vista; east side, Whlttier Primary. 1 . .
• Golden 'Gate to. McAllister, west side, Bur
nett, Cleveland; east side,' Moulder, . Fremont. '
McAllister "to Fulton, _weat side,;-. Crocker,
Edison ;¦¦ east side, ¦ Dudley.. Stone, Douglas.' .
' Fulton to Grove, .west Bide, Marshall,,Mon
roe; east side, James Lick, Sheridan. -• -" V
¦ Grove to Hayes, west- side, Bernal, , Golden
Gate ; ¦ east side, Everett, ' Jackson Primary. :, ¦ '.
: Hayes ' to Kell, ; . west side,'- Hawthorne, . Henry
Durant; east side, :Haight, Fairmount. -
. Fell to Market, west side/ Sunny Side, Ocean
House,' West~Eehd,' South End, Noe x Valley,'
Park, , Hunters Point,'. J. _W. Taylor; east aide,
Irving > M... Scott. ¦ ,'* - .--..'.- ¦ '_^' s
The -pupils of ¦ the ¦'. Commercial School
made a very impressive appearance. > Thejr
were arranged ,in a regiment of three bat
talions consisting of three companies each,
under the command of .Captain Charles H.
Murphy. ¦ With . the pupils marching four
abreast their line extended for two blocks
on Van Ness avenue.' Each pupil carried
a? large silk flag and wore, pinned to 'his
left breast a badge of orange and white— [
the 'school colors. -.-/ '-¦'¦¦ .¦ ¦ .- - - .':
A . large- banner, bearing the words,
"Welcome,: Our .President,'.' was. strung
' The President yesterday enjoyed a long
drive in! the Presidio grounds and in Gold
en Gate Park." -At the close of the inspec
tion of the school children' he, was driven
to his residence,' while : the balance of the
party proceeded \on : tallyho 'coaches to
Lombard street and Van Ness. avenue.
.It was agreed that it Mrs. McKlnley was
still Improving the chief executive would
return to the coaching party and enjoy a
drive.; ¦¦¦¦¦'" .' '" . ¦-'[' f ¦¦'•'. ¦¦""'.•'.¦¦"¦'¦¦
' When .the ! President reached his resi
dence he was greeted by a large crowd
and was cheered . loudly. He remained m
the J house for a few minutes and then
returned ,¦ to '¦ his • carriage, 't Hundreds of
children v had' gathered -inV fronts^f ithfc
house and their shrill voices gave greeting
to. the President. .
President MoKinley, accompanied by
Henry J. -Crocker -and • Private Secretary
Cbrtelyou, drove to - the ; point where ¦ the
coaches - were ' waiting. * * Mr. . Crocker
mounted the box seat of his four-in-hand
and the President took "the seat beside
him. -'With the ¦- President's; coach in the
lead, ' the tallyhos were driven in close or
der,'up Lombard Btreet and into the Pre
sidio. . • . ¦ •¦¦:¦ : ¦ --'¦:¦: ;
As- the coaches,! with- rattling- harness,
swung along the roads and . the ¦ mounted
police -galloped, ahead, the^cry rwenti u l>
from point to point, VH«re comes the
President." Hundreds of soldiers rushed
from ¦ their : tents . and ¦ from ; ; the - barracks,'
windows in - the ". officers' .- quarters were
Hung open and cheer after' cheer resound-,
ed through the reservation. "; ¦:-—,- rt ~ '
• The * coaches ; left, the Presidio at: the
Fifths avenue entrance,' and proceeded ; to
Golden Gate Park. /..t. " . •-".*. : ' - > ' -.
'¦ > The ¦ band stand . was - closely- inspected
by the President and * his friends, . and
Henry Crocker • explained that • It - was the
gift i of \ Claus Spreckels to the - people of
thls'city.> ';'¦/¦ --¦• '¦£:•-' •:.'.. -,'•;¦'. .-¦¦;:¦¦¦ ¦ ':.\.
'- Vltls grand ,". ; was the comment ¦ of the
President as he expressed his admiration
of : the beauties . of ¦, the structure, and .its
surroundings.^ - ']: ¦-.¦* .'•.',:!.-.¦:. ~ ¦¦?¦*'¦ 1
Strawberry; Hill .was ' next ; visited • and.
¦word I was ; passed to the ', coaches : that j the"
President desired . a - photograph- of the" en
tire party as a souvenir of the drive.
: A complete circuit of the park was made
and* the i procession ' passed - along the , pan
handle and out -to. Devisadero street. ¦ The
-President's (Coacn proceeded v. to.- the " tem
porary "---.; executive ' . . mansion, while ; the
others' drove back, to the Palace Hotel; -¦¦
r i President k McKlnley ¦< did . not >, leave ; the
house"- again" and was busily engaged in
receiving ¦ visitors ' and' attending . to ' official
business. ; ; During ¦• the ;¦ day > he •- received
Archbishop • Riordan; Senator Perkins,,
Congressman Coombs, Colonel J. HP. Irish, 1
General iiW.'H.v L.. > Barnes, ; George A:
Knight, and other. well-known citizens.. &*>
¦ Surveyor,} of t the i-Port * Joseph ' S: t. Spear
Jr. v. 1 called"?" at ' the * house -, and 7 announced
that the President •would receive the heads
PRESIDENT ENJOYS LONG DRIVE
across the yard of St. Ignatius School -and
the pupils, assembled in the yard, on the
steps .and - at -windows, joined the public
school* chfdren in enthusiastic reception
of the President. :
Fitz John Porter was born at~ Ports
mouth, N. H., In 1822. He was a nephew
of the famous Commodore Porter, who
commanded the American ship Essex dur
ing the war o J- 1812-14. ¦ He graduated from
West Point in 1845. and then entered upon
a career of usefulness' and gallantry
which give him a line reputation. .In 1846
he went to the Mexican war and took
part in all the fighting from Vera Cruz
to Mexico, being brevetted . for gallant
and meritorious conduct at Molino del
Rey and the City of -Mexico. From 1849
to 1856 he was on duty at .West Point. In
1856 he was attached to the staff of Gen
eral PerBlfer Smith, commanding in Kan
sas during the troubles in that State, and
in 1857 went with General Albert Sidney
Johnson on the Utah expedition. On the
secession of Texas In 1861 -he was sent to
withdraw the United States troops from
the posts in that State, which he accom
plished with success and much credit. He
organized the three months 1 ' volunteers
from -Pennsylvania which made the nu
cleus of the . Army., of the Potomac, ,He
was then , made cblonel of the Fifteenth
£v t/EW YORK, May 21.— General
r^^lf Fitz John Porter died at his
I -xW nome In Morristown, N. J., to
' A "" N • day from chronic diabetes. He
was 80 years old. General'Por
ter's funeral will take place from Trinity
Church, this city, on Saturday. The palK
bearers '.will .be -General ' Alexander S.
Webb, -General James L. Schofleld, Eieu
teha'nt Royal - Farragut, Colonel* "David'
Porter • fleath, Colonel EdwardttWrlght;*
[General -.William B, 'FranklinrMajpr/C." C-
McConnell, General Stephen Webb.; Gen-/
eral A. M. Clark/ General DanielvButteri;
field. General - Joshua Chamberlain; ¦ ex- ;
Mayor Hewitt, , ex-Mayor Grace, .Theodore
Lord, John Bussitt, Anson Maltby and
CharleB Bacon.- V ' : ¦
Major General Brooke, commander of
the Department of the East, will have en
tire charge of the military arrangements
for the funeral.-- •'
President O'Connell said that advices re
ceived .up -to -6 o'clock -at -headquarters
indicated that an | early | settlement of I the
troubles between machinists and I employ
era will be effected. '¦* Inf ormation at -, hend
showed that during the day. over 120 firms
had settled by granting. the nine-hour day.
O'Connell .Bald that so* far as ne knew
about 6000 men were out, in San-Francisco
and about 3000 in Cincinnati. , In-Chicago
nearly all. the important: shops have set
tled with; the* men. Thfi reports from the'
§outh, he said, show that' all; through that
section settlements are being effected. .
'•Half the firms in Philadelphia, he said,
have" come : to - terms ~ and ' the *:• others i are
expected.; to follow suit: .There, has been
no;new8 of; ft;clash' any whert, ,•-.;¦ ,;-
¦WASHINGTON, May 21.— Both, the
Navy and War departments are appre
hensive as .to the effect of the machin
ists' strike on Government work now in
progress. The Navy Department received
word that .the strike had spread to large
private yards on the Pacific Coast, where
a number of warships are under construc
tion,- and it is expected / that Eastern
yards having, naval ships to build also
will be affected. The War . Department
was informed that • the strike was likely
•to 'stop work on -two naval transports —
the Egbert and Rosecrans— now repairing
on .the Pacific .Coast. - Secretary Root
asked the Navy Department" to assist in
forwarding the work pending the tie-up,
and Acting Secretary. vHackett -of the
Navy ordered that the two army trans
ports be taken to the navy yard at:Bre
merton, on Puget Sound, for the,comple
tion of their repairs. - : - -
'. None ' of • the ¦ Government yards can.be
affected by the strike, ras an. eight-hour
day prevails in all : Government ," work.:
Word has rreached- the department; that
Government employes are
funds In support of the strike, but no at
tention will be paid to this matter. : „*.,•.-»-
May Retard Government Work.
Willing to Meet Manufacturers.
At the conference the committee of the
Metal Trades' Association will demand
that the men return to work and refer
the wage question to the board of arbitra
tion. Business Agent Constant Booth of
the machinists said to-night: . • '
"There will be no arbitration. This mat
ter has gone too far for arbitration."
A statement was given out to-night by
the , executive board of the Machinists'
Association, in which they say: ¦ . •¦ ,.
"We are willing to meet the manfactur
ers at any time and we are ready to come
to an understanding with them, provided
the nine-hour day without any reduction
of the per dieni rate be granted. The nine
hour day in the machinists' . trade . has
come at last and there Is nothing unfair
in our demand, as the employers have had
a year to prepare their contracts accord
ingly. We have certainly acted fairly in
waiting tl\at length of time. Regarding
the arbitration feature of the agreement
we can say that we have religiously ob
served that. Many violations' of that
agreement have occurred on the part of
the. members of the Metal Trades 'Asso
ciation and we v have ¦ endeavored .both
through our local and national officers in
the various cities 'to have the aforesaid
violations taken up and arbitrated, but
the employers' answer to our appeal has
generally been evasive." -¦*->¦ . • :
More men went^n strike in Newark,' N.
J., to-day. They* numbered fifty from
three shops^ One firm gave in, but. the
Crocker-Wheeler Works closed its doors,
as threatened. - • .
One hurMred men refused to go to work
in the Delaware, Lackawanna and West
ern shops at Kingsland, >N. J., to-day. ' ,
At Jersey City the rforty machinists em
ployed by . the Central • Railroad of New
Jersey 'are out and policemen are guard
ing the shops. ¦ ,. .'¦'• ¦-•:• ,
When the district executive board of the
International Association of Machinists
adjourn«a to-rilghVr" the- members wire
much elated; as. they said that there were
fair prospects that the differences with
the employers would' be settled ¦ and set
tled in favor of the men before many, more
,hours had passed. ' -'•¦•¦*- ''¦ •.¦:»/,••..(
"As far' as New York 'City lsjconcerned,
the machinists practically, considered that
they had thines their, own way; -and the
members of the executiv'e'boardcongratu
lated t each other upon the fact that, all the
larger firms had come to terms; . ,
* It was announced that President O'Con
nelr- had sent word that the machinists
could appoint a conference committee.
-According to Devins, the purpose or the
Metal Trades' Association in asking for
the conference is to gain an opportunity
to lay before the machinists fairly the
r>tuation. Devlns says that there is' no
question that the machinists under exist
ing agreements are- entitled to a nine-hour
day. This the employers are willing to
concede. But the question' at the bottom
of the present difficulty is whether or not
ten hours' pay for nine hours' work is to
follow the introduction of th'e nine-hour
system. The members of . the Metal
Trades' Association say that there 4s not
a word about the wage system in the
agreement, and that under another clause
of that document, all such questions when
difficult to settle are to be decided by arbi
tration, the men remaining at work pend
ing a solution. .,
.. . : '-'\ mediately. Rafter the meeting at
the Astor House had adjourned! His mis
slon^was.to pave the way for a joint con
ference in which the strikers could ex
plain their position and their demands, so
that the employers could find out what
the men wanted. Devins said that he got
little satisfaction. ' The men I said they
i would have to telegraph to the national
headquarters at Washington before they
..could do euch a thing. He hoped Ihey
would decide to meet the employers.- ,
NEW YORK, May 31.— Henry De
vins, agent of the Metal Trades'
Association, to-day went to the
-.headquarters of the strikers lm
"Personally, I do not think our men
have done the fair thing by us. They
pave us very, short notice of their inten
tion to strike. I believe it was last April
that they gave us notice. In the East it
was different. Instead of giving their
"We are not bound to build the armored
cruiser California and the South Dakota
at oUr yards," he said. "It is possible for
»us to have both ships built at the Bath,
Cramps, Newport News or a dozen other
Ehlpyards, where the men have not gone
out on a strike. I do not wish to utter
any threats, but this strike clause In our
contract will permit us to have this work
done 'in the East.
"The men are not only hurting them
selves, but are giving this State a black
eye. This strike may result in the Gov
ernment withholding contracts for ships'
and the men will in the long run be the
losers. , - • -
Speaks of Sending Work East.
Henry T. Scott, president and treasurer
of the Union Iron works, freely discussed
the etrike situation. He expressed, he
said, the views of' the executive commit
tee, which is looking after the interests
of the employers, who are ready and will
ing to hold a conference with the men
•who are employed by the Union - Iron
Works or other places affected. He re
gretted that the Etrike was on and said
the men would suffer more than the em
ployers, as in all Government . work a
Ftrike clause protected the latter. •
The Iron Molders met and discussed
their grievances last night at 1133 Mission
ctreet.
"We have been in conference all day,"
eald Secretary Wleler, "and the results
indicate a peaceful solution of the diffi
culty."
NO more* orderly body of men
seeking an adjudication of dif
ferences between themselves and
their employers could be found
than the ironworkers now out
on Etrike. They met at their headquar
ters at 323 Sixth street yesterday from
early morning till late at night. Condi
tions arising out of each shop were dis
cussed and while many of them talked
to others In their endeavor to make a
hasty settlement, no results were reached.
One feature of the strike that is of the
utmost importance is the action to be
taken by the Iron Molders. Those men
have been through a strike before and
while their sympathies are with their
brothers in the trade they may hesitate
to take definite action.
At the Potrero, where are located the
Union and Risdon Iron Works, the lead
ing shipbuilding plants on the Western
Coast, the sound of hammers was not
heard. At the Fulton Jron Works, in
the northern end of the peninsula, the
came quiet reigned. At noon time some
thirty or forty iron molders walked out,
leaving the work practically in the hands
of the apprentice bcyB. . "
At the Union Iron Works a paying tell
er disbursed the wage* coming to the
men who left on Monday morning. The
same plan of payment will be pursued
until each man has received his due. It
is said that the works, formerly employ
ing nearly 40W men, will be closed down
for an indefinite period until the differ
ences between employers and employes
are adjusted.
Looks for Peaceful Solution.
Secretary Wlsler, who represents the
International Association of Machinists,
stated that no shops had been unionized
during the day, although it was the hope
of the men concerned in the strike that
cuch a result might be obtained. 6o far
thirteen shops have agreed to the de
mands of the worklngmen.
BOSTON, May 21.— There was little
change in tho machinists' strike situation
In Boston to-night. A telegram stating
that the .Worthington Pump Company of
Brooklyn • had conceded to the 700 ma
chinists In its employ all conditions'de
manded was looked -upon as the most
significant development of the day. This
company, the Blake Pump Works ¦¦ of
Cambridge- and the Davis Pump Works
of Holyoke are allied, and. the Boston
machinists believe that as the Worthing
ton has settled the other concerns will do
the same. .-'--.'.- ¦ -..¦¦
CINCINNATI. May 2L— The strike situ
ation" here remains favorable to the strik
erp, six more firms having signed agree
ments with ¦ the unions to-day and as a
result about a hundred more men will be
at work -Wednesday morning. 'This" makes
in all twenty" shops that have signed the
agreement and it Is said that a number
of others are negotiating to the same end.
There are still about'2500 machinists out,
all cf. whom belong to the big shops. The
large firms have settled down to a fight
and have, opened 'headquarters in' Odd
Fellows' Temple, where daily meetings
are held. After their session this after
noon they refused to give out, any state
ment,'It was" learned from ~a semi-official
source that they are contemplating bring
ing in outside non-union, help to run their
shops. "¦'•.,
i President Samuel Gompers, Vice Presi
dent Thomas I. Kidd and Treasurer John
,-B, Lennon, of 'the American Federation
of Labor, who have been: here since Mon
day as a committee from the' executive
board of that association, left for Chi
cago" to-night. -.-••¦¦¦ jS-'Jr * ¦¦ ¦'.*
v DUNKIRK. N. Y.'.'May 21.-Because 700
-machinists employed' at 'the' Brooks Lo
comotive'.Works struck to-day for a nine
hour day- and 12% per cent increase in
pay, President Frederick H. Stevens di
rected Superintendent-. , McNaughton to
issue an order closing the works until
further notice. • -This throws 2600 men out
of .work. The Brooks Company. i»' one of
the firms Included in the American Loco
motive Company and it is impossible to
say how long the lockout will last. The
| locomotive "worksMs the principal lndus-
I try of the- town' and its- closing will : Be
la serious blow to business men.
Firms Sign "Agreements.
No regularly declared strike of the iron
molders will : be inaugurated to-day. At
a meeting held last night the question as
to whether a strike should be declared in
sympathy with the machinists was ex
haustively discussed, but no definite 'ac
tion was taken. The meeting was finally
adjourned until to-night, when a larger
hall will be secured and the question tak
en up again. As yet no communication
has been received from the national body
of iron workers and without their sanc
tion the local body is prohibited from
striking. The iron molders who have
tjius far left their work have done so
on their own responsibility.
At the. meeting last night many vehe
ment speeches were delivered In favor of
an immediate strike, but on the other
hand the more conservative element ad
vised caution. A general feeling prevails
among the iron workers that the meeting
to-night will result in a general strike. It
is expected that the national body, will
declare its position to-day.
Those who are looking after the general
interests of labor are casting about, for
some disinterested individual to act as
arbitrator. Some names have been sug
gested and are now -under consideration.
Bishop William Ford Nichols of the Epis
copal church, Archbishop Hiordan of the
Catholic church and Bishop John W.
Hamilton of the Methodist Episcopal
church have been suggested as probable
mediators. In the scope of the plan out
lined by -the Building Trades Council it
is proposed to peacefully settle all differ
ences by arbitration. But as. there are so
many different features involved in the
of the problem now confronting
the labor movement it is very "difficult to
find one who will attempt to emulate the
example given by Bishop Potter of New
York.
Seeking an Arbitrator.
James Spiers Jr. 1 of the Fulton- Iron
Works said there was no change.- in .the
situation and ''refused' to discuss the
matter."
¦ Captain Taylor of -the Risdon Iron
Works also said there was no change in
the situation. He remarked that. he could
not discuss the plans of the company of
which he was the head.
"We have had- no 'conference as yet with
our men. Not one of themxhas called on
us to air his grievance. I guess they have
gone fishing.. So far as we are concerned,
we are ready to ta*k: to anybody in .our
employ. We do object, however, to talk
ing to. any one not employed by us, be
cause they do not. know what they are
talking about. - •;. ' ~ :
"I regret that this trouble has -come, but
since it did we must grin and. bear it.
We cannot say whether this strike may
mean money In our pockets or may-ln the
long run mean a loss to our company. At
all events it will work suhardship on the
men. It is all their fault. This trouble
could have been averted and .this State
would not be in danger of receiving a set
back. I fear it will give California a
black-eye." ¦ * "" .
employers sixty days' notice the men
gave them a year to rearrange their
business. There . they work six months
for ten hours and six months for nine
hours and a half.
The affair was to have taken place last
Friday night, but was postponed on ac
count ot Mrs. McKlnley's illness. '
Yesterday afternoon Archbishop Rlor
dan called on the President and was re
ceived most cordially. When he left the
executive residence it was with the as
surance of the President that he would
attend the drill this evening.
The regiment. 1000 strong, will march In
review before President McKlnley and the
various companies will compete in saber
exercises and guard mount. The contest
for the trophy will be Judged by officers
from the Presidio. A military concert by
the band will begin at 8 p. m.
PRESIDENT TO BEVIEW CADETS.
The President will attend the* competi
tive 1 drill of the League of the Cross Ca
dets at the Mechanics' Pavilion this even
ing- ' ' :
Another witness was Mr. Scott of an
Oakland, Cal., hardware house, who dis
cussed competition In the coast business.
He said that a representative of the Colo
rado Iron and Fuel Company once in
formed his house that the Colorado Com
pany should have 100 per cent of the busi
ness of his firm in the- purchase of materi
al ana at a high rate, with the alternative
of the Colorado Company invading the
field of the hardware firm's customers.
The demand, he said, was refused. He
denounced some of the methods in use by
that company. The shippers who are
pressing the case contend that the differ
ence. In carload and fractional carload
rates gives Pacific Coast jobbers an ad
vantage, over the St. Louis and Chicago
Jobbers.
cession and General W. H. I* Barnes will
conduct the pavilion exercises.
The exercises will last about twenty
minutes and at the close the audience will
sing "The Star-Spangled Banner" and
join In the waving of flags.
"WASHINGTON. May 21.— The case of
the Business Men's League of St.- Louis
against the Southern Pacific and other
transcontinental line*, involving Issues of
great importance' to shippers to Pacific
Coast points was heard by the Interstate
Commerce Commission to-day. The case
has been pending in various ways for a
long time, and after a hearing: that closed
late this afternoon tne commission fixed
October 22, In this city, for the hearing of
arguments In the case. /
St. Louis and Chicago Shippers are try
ing to secure lower rates to the Pacific
Coast from the Middle West and to have
the roads reduce the difference between
carload rates and leas than carload rates
in the Pacific Coast business. Vice Presi
dent Aftrton and Traffic* Manager Biddte
represented the Santa Fe; Chief Council
W. O. Herrin and Vice President Stubbx,
the Southern Pacific; H. L. Christie, F.
M. Johnson of St. Louis and J. F. Tomp
klns of Chicago represented the Business
Men's League, and E. S. Plllsbury the
Pacific Coast Jobbers.
Vice President Morton was the principal
witness to-day. While he knew many rail
road officials differed with his views, he
believed that the difference between the
carload and less than carload rates should
be decreased. The difference, he said, wa3
too great from the standpoint of both the
carrier and the small shipper.. He said
it did not cost the railroads to handle the
two quantities of goods an amount com
mensurate with the difference in rates. Ha
believed the difference should be basd on
the cost of handling. It was right that
this difference should be decreased, al
though he said it eight be Impracticable
to bring It about. Custom had brought
the present difference, and the action of
any individual road could not break the
practice. , .- - * -
Morton also favored graded rates on
transcontinental business as a fair and
equitable measure for both the carriers
and the shippers.' Vice President Stubba
of the Southern Pacific testified in con
travention of the position taken by Mr.
Morton.
the Case.
Washington to Hear
Prominent Railroad Men in
Commission.
SHIPPERS WANT
CUT IN RATES
r? ... • *>;*:,
Important Question Is
S^j Before Interstate
PROPOSE ARBITRATION TO END
THE STRIKE OF THE MACHINISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 22, 1901;
Infantry and appointed to a brigade and
later to a division of volunteers, in i which
capacity he took part In McClellan's pen
insular campaign up to the siege. bf.Ydrk
tdwn, when he was placed In 'command
of the Fifth Army Corps. At the head of
this famous /corps he did splendid service
in the seven days' fighting In- f rone* of
Richmond, and therefor was ' brevetted
brigadier general in the regular" army.
Being transferred, he served for a '.time
under General Pope in Northern Virginia,
Continued From First 'Page.'
2
Humors Feed
on Humors
The Sooner You Cet Rid of Them
the Better. j'
'In the spring there's an effort of Nafj
ture to cleanse your system. You know
this by the pimples and other eruptions
on your face and body.
Hoods Sarsaparilla
taken in the spring, is assisted by this
/ effort — results are no more certain
than at other seasons, but are quicker. !
This, great medicine thorouKhlv |
.cleanses the system, gets into' all its
nooks and corners, removes all humors '
and all unhealthy "accumulations.
Begin taking Hood's to-day.
"Myself-and my . mother have been
entirely cured of impure blood and that
tired feeling by Hood's Sarsaoarilla.
We take it every spring,, and think it i«
the greatest medicine in the - world."
FRANK HAMILTON, 2718 S' 7th St,
St. Louis, Mo.
Hood's .Sarsaparila promises to.
cure and keeps the promise. '
';: .'-'-^H-dv .ct0PHSPS99hHPSRBS!
L> L> V I Kl LJt ii' O FOII BARBERS. BAK-
DllUOniltiJ^' bootblacks, bath-
-,.•¦-. houses, billiard tables,'
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
flyen. flourmills. foundries, laundries." paper-
bansera. printers, painters, shoo factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, • tanners, T tailors, ' etc
BUCHANAN BROa. .
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
ASVEBTISEHENTS.
Fried Foods
— such as fried oysters, dousrhnuts, fish,
potatoes, etc.— don't always "sit well" in
some stomachs. "Too rich." they dc~\
dare; "don't agree with me." Why?j
Nine times out of ten because they have*
been fried. in lard, and what was charjred!
to richness belonged in~ the hog fad
column.
. Send for a pail of .
White
Gottolene
and use that, for shorteninsr and fryinsr.
'There will be no more complain 1 3 of
the "don't' agree" sort, unless you
overeat of these good things. ,
White Cottolene is an old friend in
thousands of homes where lard wa3 .
formerly used, but even at this late day!
there are some who are missinsr a sroodi
thing— ssveral of them— in the line ofj
cookery because they .haven't \ been {
using this new -shorteninsr asrent, made;
from pure vegetable oil and beef ;suet. •
It's a clean product, and makes foods j
Into ' which h * comes - better and - monai
wholesome for its cominsr.- ' \ .'¦> r
Order a pail— to-day— and test it
¦ "" ¦ ' ' ¦
igSESSIp) The N.K.FaJrbank Company,
J^\ -"-*£& Chicago— Sol« itaao/acturers.
V^!!?CS5S I §S> I 1 FPFFf OuT dalntr booklet,
lgS^SgJJ riltE! » A . public Becret. 17
H^^^jSSSS mailed free to any address.
Kssst^iiip?] or two * c stain '> >9 ¦*¦» ""in
, . ¦end fre* oar 125-page- recip*
»?^E |X/ book, "Hom« Heljjs.'"- edited
P. 6^-No Hofi Fat In COTTOLENQ
FOR 5 ALE.
Improved -Farm of 2001) Acres
Rich Valley Land :Jn Ma-
i'dera County.
For particulars address FARM. 313 Markat
street, s. f. WBBKSBmBBttmtBmi
' : ~ . ¦ >
DR.MEYEBS&CO. i^^^|
Specialists. " Dls- j^^j i
ease and Weakness jafe - jgaL
of men. Estab- * JrJcw
llshed 18SL Consul- WjM f2z?*,x2f
tat Ion and private \3iijt \ 7*11
book free, at office sJM '(^^J
or by mail. Cures nnmnPiMrrn i*
guaranteed. 7:»1 , rssl*,|5'!''' : V-<wl
Market street (ele- ' A.^'iSS^-'Ci?
vator entrance), >**Njlr^GS5Si^
gan Francisco.JOHN ALEXANDER DOWIE, "HEALER" AND FOUNDER OF SECTS, WHOSE RATHER PECULIAR OPERATIONS
ON THIS COAST AND AT CHICAGO HAVE RESULTED IN HIS AMASSING A SNUG FORTUNE WHICH IS
NOW ESTIMATED AT ABOUT $4,000,000.
GHICAGO, May 21.— If the plans of
Coroner Traeger do not fail the
courts of Illinois, and possibly the
Supreme Court of the United
States, will In the near future be
asked to pass upon an entirely new ques
tion In American jurisprudence, incident
ally upon the disposition of Dowie and
Dowlelsm. The problem whether the
State may protect its citizens against
folly by making medical attendance in
certain emergencies, particularly in con
nection with the birth of children, com
pulsory Is to be decided. After a long
conference with State Attorney Deneen
Coroner Traeger announced that he in
tended to carry the case of Dowie as high
as ft could be taken, and -would not cease
his efforts till everything possible had
been done to compel the high priest of
Zion to end his tralHc in Chicago.
Trouble for Dowie recently began by
murmurlngs in the ranks of his followers.
They commenced to inquire about the sta
bility of the Zion Bank and about the
manner in which the money contributed
by ali the dlsciple3 had been Invested in
the nroposed Zion City.
Chicago authorities took a hand in the
affairs of Dowie- after the death of Mrs.
Louisa Christensen. It is claimed that
D&wle's "healers" kept doctors away un
til she died from the burns she received.
May 5 In the fire at South Chicago.
The authorities are also interested in
the details of the death of Mrs. H. Worth-
ington Judd, who died at a "Zion" home
after treatment by "healers."
DOWIE IS A MONEY-MAKER
Exposure of His Methods Here
Caused Him to Go to Chicago.
John Alexander Dowie, general overseer
of the "Christian Catholic church," to
whose frauds and pretentious impostures
the press and the law in Chicago seem at
last to be awakening, is not unknown to
the readers of The Call, in whose columns
full exposition of his methods and doings
was made when he attempted "work" in
this vicinity.
"Doctor" Dowie made his appearance in
Oakland inlS94, and by a piece of bold
Imposition In the absence of the pastor se
cured from the trustees the use of the
First Presbyterian Church for his meet
ings and thereby gained a foothold In the
community. His true character and pre
tensions being exposed,, however, he was
driven from that building, but continued
to hold his meetings elsewhere for sev
eral months. He claimed to have "divine
powers" of healing, and announced that
ho had come- to Oakland to start an
"Eden," that the blind should see, the
deaf hear and the lame, warm themselves
by the fire made of their useless crutches.
He opened an office adjoining his meet
ing place, and his private practice grew
to enormous proportions. His charges
were from $1 to $10, and he banked large
sums every, day. He claimed to have
healed a blind girl and to have caused
PLIES A HOBSEWHIP
UPON WIFE'S BACK
Charjje Upon Which a Bakersfleld
Man May Be Haled Into
Court.
BAKERSFIELD. May 2L— Thomas F.
McGrane, who resides at Tenth street and
Chester avenue, was arrested to-day by
Deputy Marshal Crawford on a charge of
having horsewhipped his wife.
According to eye-witnesses of the as-
Fault McGrane has been in the habit of
beating his wife. On Friday night screams
were heard coming from the McGrane res
idence. Those who looked into the open
doer sa-w Mrs. McGrane running about the
room Fcr*=aming for mercy. She was be
ing laFhp<i over the head! and about the
body with a buggy whip by McGrane. He
was ordered to desist and reluctantly
obeyed.
McGrane stated that he had tried to cor
rect his children, who had stayed away
from pchool. His wife interfered and the
assault followed. Mrs. McGrane Is well
spoken of by her neighbors.
Evangelical Appointments.
PORTERVILLE. Cal., May 2L-The
California Conference of the Evangelical
Association closed its annual session here
yesterday. The appointments for the en-
Miing year are! San Francisco, Emanuel
Church. T. \V. Fischer; San Francisco,
Salem Church. W. A. Althouse: Napa. J.
Jilrich.; Sacramento, J. Kraeber; fresno
and Portervllle. H. Cordes; Los Angeles,
V. Ccrdes; Bardsdale, to be supplied; On
tario. H. Lageschulte; Santa Ana, C.
Green; Anaheim, W. A_ llittmann.
Santa Clara Wedding.
SAXTA CLARA. May 2L— Miss Bertha
Lovell, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John A.
Lo\-ell, became the wife of Fred A. Alder
man at noon to-day. Rev. A. R. Hatha
way officiated. Miss Alice Lovell was
bridesmaid and Thomas Landrum best
man.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
STOCKTOX. May 2L— Tbe Grand Lodge
of the Knights of Pythias was formally
convened this forenoon in Masonic Music
Hall. The work of conferring the Grand
Lodge rank on past chancellors was con
tinued from last evening. About 200 will
receive the rank during this session. The
reports of the various officers were read
and sent to the proper committees. A
telegram was directed to President Mc-
Klnley In San Francisco asking him to
visit the Grand Lodge. To Supreme Chan
cellor Ogdcn H. Fethers, at Janesville.
¦\Vis.. was sent a message regretting his
inability to be here, he having been called
home after starting for Stockton.
The executive committee cf the Grand
Lodge met this evening to plan for the
Supreme Grand Lodge meeting in San
Francisco in 1902. The subordinate lodges
have been paying a small tax toward de
fraying the expense of the supreme gath
ering and have now $7500 in bank In San
Francisco. There is about $20,000 to be
raised yet by a continuance of the tax.
There has accumulated in the Pythian
home fund J9500. A site has been offered
at Woodbridge. In this county, and the
committee of the Grand Lodge will visit
it this week.
Aspirants for IiOdge Honors.
It is now about certain that there will
be no contest for the highest two offices.
Vice Chancellor Calkins will beco.me
chancellor and Grand Prelate Trask will
become vice chancellor. The grand
prelate's office leing considered the step
ping stone to the principal office, there
will perhaps be a hard contest for that.
Those who are dn the fight already are
D. C. Clark of Santa Cruz, B. V. Sargent
of Salinas and W. J. Tuska of San Fran
cisco. There no doubt will be others. For
grand master-at-arms and grand inner
guard there will be a lively scramble.
The Grand Temple of Rathbone Sisters
ir>et simultaneously to-day with the Grand
Lodge, the ladles assembling in Pythian
Castle. The mornine was consumed in
conferring the Grand Temple rank on for
ty-six past chiefs and in the presentation
of gavels.
A pretty ceremony -was the presentation
of a ravel to tbe grand chief. The pre
sentation speech was made by Mrs. Lydla
A. Monroe, supreme junior, in behalf of
Dunston Temple Xo. 3 of San Diego,
which was Instituted on May 8 by Mrs.
Stlbber.s. It was made of orange wood
and appropriately inscribed, on one side
being a gold monogram of the grand
chiefs initials.
Two other gravels were presented to the
Grar.d Temple for its permanent use. the
speech being made by Mrs. Sallie Wolf,
past grand chief of Sacramento. They
were from Mrs. Eva Simpson, grand mis
tress of finance, and her husband. They
were made from the wood of a. curly ma
ple grown In the yard of a knight at
Santa Rosa.
Parade of tne I*odg«men.
To-morrow forenoon the Grand Lodge
will be in session, but the afternoon and
evening will be given over to public
events, in which the citizens of the city,
as well as the visitors, will participate.
At 2 o'clock the street parade will take
r>lace. The Uniform Rank. Knights of
Pythias: Canton Ridpley. Independent Or
der of Odd Fellows: the Grand Lodge and
local knights will be in line. The Sixth
Regiment Eand and the Boys' Band will
furnish the music.
[n tho evening, at Agricultural Pavilion,
there will be an exhibition drill between
Canton Kideriey of the Independent Order
nf Odd Fellows and the local Uniform.
Rank company of the Knights of Pythias.
This will be followed by a dance.
The knights and ladies are being enter
tained this evening at the Stockton Min
eral Baths.
Rathbone Sisters Confer Tem
ple Rank Upon Their
Past Chiefs.
eral Pythian Grand,
Lively Contests for Sev-
Lodge Offices.
KNIGHTS STRIVE
FOR LEADERSHIP
You .Will ? Bb ; Received
To-morrow.' at ; the ; factory > sale . of ; shoes.
E00O ipalrs' of : ladies'- $3 50; shoes 'and 'ties,
up-to-date' styles,''good- material. AlUwllI
be • sold i for ; $1 00 a ' pair T at ; the Bee .Hive
Shoe Co.; 717 Market st,^ near Third. ¦ •
AVALANCHE DESTEOYS ;
. * ; HOMES IN A (VILLAGE
Fifteen Corpses ; ,' Taken y From* : the
Euins and Probably, More Per- V
; . sons .Aire Dead. , , »!
• MILAN, May 21.— Tbe village of Auderizd!
has •; been -i partly \j destroyed . by ¦ an ava
lariche.The number "of fatalities Is not yet
known;'- but already v fifteen ¦ corpses -have
been recovered.^ • o ~ •. :•»-, ¦ .*' .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 21.— If Mertie M. Bur
ger, the school teacher who mysteriously
disappeared from Pueblo, Colo., on April
26, is in California she . refuses to come
forward and clear the mystery surround
ing her disappearance. Just as the Colo
rado officials had concluded that the
woman had been murdered a relative in
Wyniore, .Nebr., received a letter, from
her, dated "San Jose, May 7.". The police
here were then asked to find Miss Burger,
but after searching the city they were
unable to locate her. ¦ A woman answering
her description had been here, but had
left before they began the search. ¦
To-day. Chief of Police Kidward received
a letter from a Miss Burger in San Fran
cisco. The letter was mailed at Station
C, In that city, at 2;30 p. m. It is believed
to be from the missing: woman. It is as
follows: :•
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 20
To Chief of Police— Dear Sir: I saw in this
morning's paper you were trying, to locate ¦ me
In San Jose. You can't do It. because I-ani.
not there at present,, though 'x have been once
or twice. ¦ ¦ ' " . .-.' ;¦'¦ .
Please notify those Pueblo people, who are so
Interested in me, that I am In the land of the
living and in this City. •¦ <• ,-• • . .- j, v .
My health Is so poor. I must have a rest' and
I am taking- It. .1 owe no one a penny and I
am tired of this notoriety. Respectfully
; MERTIE M. BURGER.
The Colorado authorities and relatives
of Miss Burger are unable to account for
her ; disappearance, and . just why ; she . re
fuses to come forward, and make her lex
act whereabouts known only increases in
terest in the case.:- It Is said Miss Burger
has. plenty ofmoney.' - ' :•..' v. - .:;. ... ..-
Missing Pueblo Teacher
Writes From San
Francisco.
India than a man acting under divine i
nuences. .
He styled himrelf "the representative ot
God on earth and general overseer of the
Christian Catholic Church." His claims
of ."divine healing" -brought to him thou
sands of requests and fees for treatment
from weak dupes all over the country be
sides those that applied in person, and his
gains, ¦ it is estimated, have run up to
some $4,000,000. His trip to and experience
in England were lately noticed in the dis
patches, as, well as his plan to establish" a
grand Zion city, near Chicago.
MERTIE BURGER
IS HEARD FROM
DWELLINGS COIXAPSE
TINDER WEIGHT OF SNOW
Mineral King, a Summer Betreat
: Near Visalia, Reported to Be
in Ruins.
. VISALIA. May 21.— Word reached this
city this afternoon that Mineral King, a
village sixty-five miles distant in ] the
mountains, was in ruins. The damage was
caused by the heavy snowfall, the weight
of the snow causing two-thirds of the
houses to collapse. Much valuable prop
erty belonging to Visalla people Is affect
ed. The elegant summer home of John O.
Thomas of this city is among the wrecked
houses. At daylight to-morrow men will
be dispatched to the scene.
Students Go Into Camp.
MONTEREY, May -21.— The civil engi
neering class of the University of Cali
fornia arrived here yesterday from Berke
ley for thirty days' camp and Held prac
tice at Point Lobos, eleven miles from
Monterey. To-day they, started for .their
camp site. The class. is composed of slxty
students and three Instructors. Professor
A. E. Chandler of the university depart
ment of engineering Is in charge of the
work. ¦"•; ¦-¦¦*- v* }¦,¦.¦¦•--"-'-':•:->-*¦-..-,.¦ —
Beville-Teeple Nuptials.
V1SALIA, May 21.— Smith M. Beville of
Bakersfield and Miss Frances Teeple. of
this city were married here to-night.
STUDENTS' CONFERENCE
v IS LABGELY ATTENDED
leges Give. Talks at
; Capitola. _
Leaders in Christian "Work in the Col-
SANTA CRUZ, May 21.— The students'
conference at Camp Capitola is daily
growing in '.Interest, more, than 100 stu
dents from the colleges being present. A
large delegation is expected on Thursday
from Stanford Universitv. - .
The Bible study this morninsr, on "The
Life of Christ," was conducted by Wil
liam Parker of Chicago,, collegiate
Young Men's Christian Association secre
tary of the United States. The main
speaker of the day was Dr. E. S. Chau
man of Oakland, who gave the address
this evening. •" . .
The students* conference was led by
Miss Conde of Chicago, student secretary
of the American Commission. The world's
secretary of the Young- Women's Chris
tian Association, Miss Reynolds, who has
just returned from Japan, conducted the
missionary rally.
Ryan Wants a New Trial.
SANTA CRUZ, May 21.— The $15,000
breach of promise suit of Frances Buelna
against John; Ryan, the wealthy Pajaro
Valley farmer, is not yet closed. In the
trial the plaintiff was awarded $750 and
costs. Now the defendant appears in the
Superior, Court and asks for a new trial.
The motion was taken under advisement.
(STMASTER CHARGED
WITH EMBEZZLEMENT
Tpscarora's Dispenser of Stamps Ac -
I cused of Defrauding the "
I ' - 'Government. -. * •
JBLKO, Nev.'.S'May 21.— A. L. Snider,
Ppstmaster of.Tuscarora, was arrested at
tlat , place yesterday ¦ byj Deputy-; United
stales . Marshal "Humphreys and brought
Mere for examination. . Snider was arrest-!
dd on two charges of embezzling postal
funds, aggregating about $1400. He will
nave ¦ a ¦ hearing to-morrow , before Com
tnissloner Morgan. He is now in jail,-be
ing unable to give bonds. ¦• . .
J. Snider claims that he is innocent of any
wrong-doing, and explains the shortage
during his term of office by saying that he
has been intoxicated mor-t of the time and
that r others' who Jiad'. access "to the office
got away , with the ¦ money. Snider claims
to be a relative of United , States Senator
Foraker of Ohio, ; and , it < is • asserted ¦ that
political -influence . kept - him. ¦ . in - office
against ' the desire of the people , of • Tus
carora,- ; :> '-- : - • '
Must Close at Midnight.'.
.WOODLAND.t May 21.— The City Trus
tees i have ¦ passed ¦: to '- print an .' ordinance
requiring all saloons to ' close at midnight.
OF" INTEREST v 1O THE COAST.
Patents Are Issued to Inventors in
the "Western States.
WASHINGTON, May 21.— The following
patents were issued to-day: California-
Benjamin B. Brewer and.W. M. H.;Bur
feind, San Francisco, swaging dental
crowns; Charles Buckel, San Francisco,
life saving boat; John Y. Byers, Descanzo.
amalgamator; Thomas F. Hagerty, San
Francisco, sad iron; Donald M. Hastings,
San Francisco, anchor; Jesse M. Hlgley,
NUes, balance support; Sewell A. Knapp,
Hawthorne, assignor one half to J.
Ballard, Oakland, Cal., furnace; John'J.
Kocher, Los Angeles, combined shaft
coupling and anti-rattler; John A. W.
Lundborg, San Francisco, dental tongue
holder and drain tube; Lojuis Nilson, Fres
no, brush cutting machine; Charles Noble,
Slsson, cable grip; Edward Nort, Los An
geles, under reamer and expansion bit;
Alfred Olson, San Diego, dust pan; Saui
W. and C. Shirek, and F. Lerond, San
Francisco, manifold continuous cash
check device; Edwin Wadey, Los Angeles,
automatic device for opening or closing
spaces between rails at level crossings,
etc.; George Wilcox, Los Angeles, screw
cap for cans. . -
Oregon- John Clark, Portland, . bucking
roll for stock or Mexican saddles; Albert
S. Heintz, Portland, 'stamp affixing ma
chine; Sanford J. Kraemer, Portland, key
fastener. . ' i • • ; , .
Washington— John Broyles, New What
ccm, assignor of one-third to W. J. Henry,
Demlng. gold separating machine; George
H. Gilmarr and J. H. ¦ -Brown, -Tacoma,
brake shoe; William H. Peters, Hoqulam,
assignor to E.~ A. Baldwin, Portland, Ore.,
wrench. : .•¦'•. " ¦ . r •
The Postoffice • Department has issued
the following: Postoffices established —
California— Jelly, Tehama County, Frank
L. Jelly, postmaster. Washington—Med
ford, King County, Ephraim S. Seymour,
postmaster. .• j ¦
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Mary J. Milne, Talmage; Evi S. Town
send, . Dyerville. Oregon— Walter L.
Tooze, Woodburn. Appointed : " California
— Gilbert L. .Dean,' Slate Range. San Ber
nardino County, .vice Frank H. " Stanley,
resigned^ . ... .'.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— George W. Reed,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6. Addition
al—Benjamin F. Shreve, Soldiers' Home.
Los Angeles, $10; Andrew J. Nutting,-Lit
tle Rock, $8. Restoration and re-issue—
Francis S.^Earle, dead. San Diego. $12.
Original widows — M. ,Celestlne. Hewlett,
Los Angeles, $8. ¦ • War with Spain — Orig
inal—William W.,Eletson, Vallejo, $12.
Oregon— Additional— Samuel ¦. M. Rich
ards, Lawrence,' $8.
Washington— Additional— Henry B. Ful
ler. Soldiers' Home, Ortlng, $S. Increase —
Peter D. Porchet, Skamakawa, $8; Fred
erick Alexander, North Yakima," $12.
In army orders Captain Francis A.
Winter, assistant 'surgeon, now at San
Francisco; is directed to proceed to Fort
Sheridan, 111. , for duty there. |
BULLET ENDS LITE
OF . GKNTEBAIi XAPTTS
Fit cf Temporary
Insanity.
War Veteran Kills Himself During a
PORTLAND, Ore., May 2L— General
William Kapus killed himself with a re
volver this morning during a fit* of ' tem
porary insanity. He was 66 years of age.
He -was prominent in. the affair of Ore
gon and "Washington Territory for many
years. In 1890 General Kapus was United
States Consul at Sydney, Australia. Dur
ing the Civil War he 'was mustering and
disbursing officer for Oregon and Wash
ington! and served in Montana . and Utah
as lieutenant of the Thirteenth Infantry.
General Ka.ous was a hale and hearty
man- fend, -up to a few -weeks ago,' had
never/been ill. He was seized with grippe
and, although the malady * had not kept
him from his duties appreciably," ; he] suf
fered/ considerably. Within the. past few
days! it had been noticed that , his mind
was fellghtly affected. .. Yesterday - he was
disposed • to ." be very . melancholy. Last
Sunday he manifested marked symptoms
of derangement while. In the presence of
his family. .
1 Hf 'arose at his usual time this morn-
Ingr.l about' 6:30 o'clock, . and while his
wiff 'was assisting the servant to get
his I breakfast' he went into^ the base^
memt of the • house. A few minutes
ldtar, a" report of a revolver was heard.
1/lif general had shot himself through the
Heart . and death was instantaneous.
'deaf persons to hear with ease, but when
pressed by representatives of the press
for sanies and addresses he. persistently
refused to givf them and- wanted to fight.
He also: refused to make any statement
as to the ' amount and the - disposition
made of the money .'collected in his meet
ings. The Call and other papers continued
to "roast" him until his following fell off,
collections dropped to low tide and the
Impostor sought other fields for weak vic
tims.
After leaving ..Oakland he spent some
time in Salt Lake, and then proceeded to
Chicago,' where, dropping the "Eden"
scheme, he inaugurated the "Zion" move
ment; which has grown to very large pro
portions. He did not .leave California
empty-handed, however. From the sale
of photographs of himself and family, col
lections in his meetings «ind fees for so
called "healing," be had amassed a very
large sum of money— just how much no
one on the outside knows. At any. rate,
he had the cash in hand to make large
purchases of real estate on Michigan ave
nue in Chicago and start in '.'business" on
a larger scale. The assessment rolls soon
after rated his holdings of real estate at
$251,000, which included the. Zion building
and the Zion City Bank and the land on
which they stood on Michigan avenue. He
had besides a farm in Michigan for which
he paid $10,000 cash. He had elegant car
riages and fine spans of horses with col
ored coachmen and footmen in gorgeous
livery, and altogether' made an appear
ance more In keeping with a nabob from
Special Dispatch- to The Call.
VANCOUVER; B. C. , May 21.— A ~. re
markable passion' play, ..'representing the
details of the life of Christ and his cruci
fixion, will be held . during the week of
June-3-10 at Surrey Center, in the Chilli
wack district, seventy miles in ' the in
terior from Vancouver. . The play will be
presented by 300 Indians, under the guid
ance of Father Chlrouse of the ' Catholic
church,, who will ; oversee all arrange
ments. The priest was here to-day char
tering a special train : to take the Indians
and their effects to Chilliwack-next week.
One thousand will attend from the coast
tribes between here and Alaska, and . as
many will come - from Cariboo and the
Kootenays. They . -^#1 . have (a monster
procession through ' the district, ¦ with
chiefs in. full uniform and the' Indian
bands. from Skeena, Sechelt and other
places.; .,,-.. -•
Various events in the life of the' -Savior
will be illustrated in tableaux every after
noon during 'the' week and on Saturday, a
presentation of the- crucifixion will' take
place. The play will be entirely carried
out by the Indians, who for months have
been practicing for the work, and the
priest says they are now nearly perfect.
Their robes and ' the other . paraphernalia
have been purchased v by the Indians them
selves at great expense. , , V
A play somewhat similar to this was
presented by the Indians, with the help
of, white missionaries ,' several years a,go
up the- coast, but- since- then it has not
been attempted. The presentation at that
time left a lasting -impression upon the
minds of the natives, and it has been de
cided that, as a lesson full of meaning to
the heathen, it shall be repeated.
Life of Christ.
British Columbia Warriors
* Will Depict Scenes in
Priest Plans Remarkable
Tableaux in the
Wilderness. ' -
INDIANS TO ACT
IN PASSION PLAY
DISPOSITION OF DOWIEISM
MAY GOTO SUPREME COURT
Chicago Authorities Are Making a Vigorous Crusade
Against the High Priest of Zion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY^ 22, 1901.
3
TEST FOR YOURSELF
The Wx)Dderfiil Curative Properties of Swamp-Root, the
Great Kidney and -Bladder Remedy.
To Prove; what. Swamp-Root .will do for YOU, Every,
Reader of "The Calif May Have Ag"'fg^
a Sample Bottle Sent Free by
It used to be considered that only url- Jjfl^j
nary and . bladder troubles ¦ were • to be B I li ll "mi '
traced to 'thei, kidneys, but now modern^" II I ill
science proves that, nearly all diseases . : B D III Jl Hi
have their, beginning: In the disorder ' of - loll la
The kidneys filter and purify the blood ' '. . Jvif If, ft'wL
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak y
or out of order, you can understand how , A,. y^P^fiSrSf^
quickly your entire body is affected, and> 43Ss3f£^BBs&K&S3£3S3gr\
how every organ seems to fail to do Its
\ K^ you are sick or "feel badly," besln liSSHffilWIffliHiK^^
taking the famous new discovery, Dr. Ef&izM I9ff9f!lll/a «awOsl H 1§W1»S
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, " because as soon 1 IJsnfiaSillialllllfliiaMJ^IMlSs^lfl
as your kidneys are well they will help |jP|fMM>MMMM>M>M«> fwf O
all the other organs to health. A trial \\{f&]i DH. KI1.3IER'S miiUs
will convince any one. I BKliil •».»««***»• ||!{iPs
Among the many famous cures of Swamp- J |»|] QW A 1VIP-1^ HOT I illS
Root investigated by The Call, the one which I I SI O II /111 11 1VUU1 43 9
we publish thia week for the benefit of our I 13 S3 HI iSa'Sl
readers speaks in the hizhest terms of the I 23!3 Kidney, Liver and Bladder I Hi 9
wonderful curative properties of this great IllfSlill .«...-.— HWJ3
remedy. Mr. Robert Berner, 14 West 117th St., I 39] CURE. fllwS .
New York City, writes: "I had been suffering ££ III MIS
severely from kidney, trouble. All symptoms II llaj | DIRECTIONS. Mj3
were on hand: my former strength and power ll 131 1 •»»._ #.v-. «^« fwn «^ thr«i eaiSl
1 t^^e^oT^S ||
often I wished to dip. It was then I saw an !?$/'! «n d *' bedtlm «- f 1 9/1 H
advertisement of yours in a New York paper. < «n I ChilJrea l<«saecordlnffto »sre. I fl| 1^
but would rot have r>aid any attention to it !Kfj9 | May commence with smaJl doses ||jj[ j.'S
had It not promised a sworn guarantee with JSS I and incr?aso to fall deso or more, I |' !rj
js7s^5.^ors r ,» r sg c^jssrjs& II -«»^«-"-«-«^ |l||
not contain any harmful drugs. I am seventy IBB I Thia S TKLt remedy cures au 1/917(1
years and four months old, and with a good fiffl ; i| Wdne y- U^er. bladder and Crlo JlSJaJj
conscience I can recommend Swamp-Root to all US/tll ¦ AcI(i troubles and disorders duo jJB3>y
sufferers from kidney troubles. Four members SJfiill to weak kidneys, gnch as catarrh jl Kfl«
of my family have been using Swamp- Root for Isill of the bladder, yrarel rheuma- Jl ftJlS
four different kidney diseases, with the same 3fcj II tSsns, himbajro and Brishfs Di». I KsS
e %£ S £™: ROBERT BERNER. ll %££%!£?» W °" S ta °* I ljB|
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re- IM It ia pleasant to take. !il^3
sponsible for many kinds of diseases, and Jgi Jj5f 3
if permitted to continue much suffering II 33 ll PREPARED ONLY BY IImi&I
with fatal results are sure to follow. Kid- Iilyflbl i-»r> wit nvfnr* o />« ««!/IS
ney trouble irritates the nerves, make3 Im| utl ' l^'«-"lt.H a CO. agSffl
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irrita- iaSl! BINGHAMTOV N Y Bfc38'
ble. Makes you pass water often during | ||3| »«nun«wiu«, n. I. KO;Q
the day and obliges you to get up many liSai! S°ld by all r>rugj«;t»t«. vM 3 JB
times during the night. Unhealthy kid- r*M a | >5fj) t*\
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh 1 Sllnnnn"fwnJTiTTiTsnnnm»nwT»ww'ifrS;fj
of the bladder, pain or dull ache in the P^WWTOTII^FI^PP^IpJ
back, joints and muscles; makes' your H BB i *g!5S5SSSE/''i]JHHlEM!lEM
head ache and back ache, causes indiges,- y| . ¦*£ggGgggZz^^SjfSffiSpff^S*™Qi
tion, stomach and liver trouble, you get (i S5iijXjTIlfl^S^^^.^^^^SS^W^!^^fg
a sallow, yellow complexion, makes you VUujP^^^" s^^^ r =^e*iil g
feel as though you had heart trouble; you 8|1^ ""^^^^^^tS
may have plenty of ambition, but no *»q^aa.jy".!.j — [. Q*i j.g»i... u vj-j^.-~a^
strength; get weak and waste away. (Swamp-Root is pleasant to take.)
In taking Swamp-Root you afford natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root la
the most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kidneys that Is known to medical
• science. . #
•Many women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease Is not
correctly understood; in most cases they are led to believe that womb trouble or
female weakness of some sort Is responsible for their many Ills, when In fact dis-
ordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing: troubles.
:If there Is any doubt in your mind as to your condition, take from your urlns
on rising about four ounces, place It In a glass or bottle and let It stand twenty-
four hours. If on examination It Is milky or cloudy, if there ia a brick-dust settling,
or If small particles float about In It your kidneys are In need of immediate at-
¦' tentlon.
If you are already convinced that Swamp Root is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores every-
where. -'. '
EDITORIAL NOTE.— S wamp-Root. the great Kidney. Liver and Bladder
remedy, is so remarkab'y successful that a special arrangement has been made b/
which all readers of The Call who have not already tried it, may have a sample bottle
sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles
and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received
from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing be sure and mention reading
ihis .Generous offer in The Daily Call when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binqhamion, N. Y.
*S*^ |Ej .. '* ' s w '^ pleasure that I drop you a few lines in thanks to you for your wondzrful Jp
Bjfan|> t Is u '!J e °' arc ' U1 ' ' have been taking. I have been married 22 years. 1 have never £$
fiSwj W&'&^jfijP-ra-L Sva * ny chilclrtn ' but ' nav « suffered as much as any woman of my age- I have tried b=j4
Srafcl ro^^^^lft^'CPVfiiMf S ° mt ° f the best P nvsiciani '" our county, and while they would give me some relief, my K^
EggSg&agSBgyfca' AVx\^ suffering would soon return. I have tried every kind of patent medicine, but 1 will say M
& V -VM that ' hav < never found anything to equal Wine of Cardui. MRS. MATT1E ERVIN. M
HH^ /4^Nil If n '^ e woman who has suffered knows the torture of female troubles and pj|
Hir'^3 r v^^iv\ M C aW^ U ' Scnsc °^ e J ec^ on w hich £oes with them. There are women in this Jjj|r
firf! VS^W^^^/f fmwv icf! °'^ en^ unn 5 the agony of female troubles, day after day, because they believe pj|
kU^^^^^|!1\vSkhB thC ° nIy Way t0 SCCUre rcIicf is throu 5 h a doctor ' 5 P r ' va ' c examination and |||
idtiljrw^pMI mtwMSffl su^ sa l uent operation. Mrs. Ervin's experience proves that doctors often fail ffigj
/ lMffMlM^Mk com P letc 'y in Seating female troubles. She tried the best ones in her county (if
mWfMffW/e/, W/MWifsM and they did hcr no P crmap «e n t good. Doctors have so many cases they do not !pl
Wiwi/ifMijlMlim ' havc timc to makc $pccialties of a " kind5 ofdi5ca5C5 - H
Is a specialist. A million women will tell that it will, in nine cases out of ten, brimj complete relief. You f||t
need not abandon yourself to a life of suffering. Suffering comes from weak organs which cannot properly l|a
|H perform their functions. The over-taxing and strain makes pain. Wine of Cardui makes the female Eg
u£g organs strong and healthy. Then the shooting pains in the hips and abdomen disappear; headache,
Hg backache, and other symptoms are banished and the patient feels like a different woman. Relief comes 1»
§||| quietly at home without any one knowing it when you take Wine of Cardui. All druggists sell $1.00. bottles. MB
I jfl For adrice and literature, address, giving symptoms: "The Ladies' Advisory Kaaa
JMrjH Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. Mr?!
¦ ;;/.. .fcf^ ..". 0 : Made to
US-! InfJffiiwI lllflilli i'i | thsse P eo P Ie w . e want to say -
Will' iWff wWlil IPiifV^ which is a most reasonable
lillli mil I ill P'i ' P ro^ t » andwedon ' tc h3rgeone
Hills ¦ li -(Pit III- <*ent for our name. You get
111! Ill ulii lilfif jjstvvhat you pay for in the..
¦Pi ifliw ell II III/ Com; in and get our samples — 'h:y
« u! ' IJfl Hi i fill are free t0 ' nterestsd people If you are
Will PlUl ill HI P leased wlth l^ e suit an :i k ?ep ir, we
lillfii 1 ill mis : '^Jll' one vear *° show that we have laith in
flU I II Nil 1 JWi" factor^y ma( * e through our self-measuring
lH I II™ w '/V* WQ 0 0 §? fji
li If fiiH T18 Market St» and T
Wi I ' ' lifi Cop. Powell & Eddy.PARIS, May 21.— The' committee having
in charge the Quadrennial Olympian
games, at the Automobile Club to-day se
lected . Chicago as the place for holding
the contests in 1904. - -1/- ,
Chicago was chosen unanimously. Henri
Breal presented Chicago's claim; Count
Penaloza urged' the claim of St. Louis.
Baron Coubertin presided. Tho meeting
was brief, as the choice of Chicago was a
foregone conclusion. \ r
- Baron Coubertin. said to the correspond
ent of the Associated Press:
1 "Chicago well deserved to-be the scene
of the next Olympian games, in view of
the enterprise shown by her citizens and
the efforts put forth, by her university.
There is every promise that there will be
a great gathering in 1904. in view of the
enormous subscription being raised. \ : ;
"St. . Louis had excellent claims, espe
cially, in view of its exposition, but they
were overshadowed by the advantages of
fered by Chicago." ¦• - ¦• _- * : • . : -
Recorded.
a' Unanimous' Vote Was
No Opposition Was Manifested and
CHICAGO SELECTED FOR '
OTEXT OLYMPIAN" GAMES
Time— ICO yards. :06%; %. :25; %. :50%; %,
l:18^;:mile. 1:44%; lm- 100 yards. - 1:51. '. Good
start.- Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, D. S. Fountain's b. g. by Montana-
Fusillade's Last. Montallade appears to like
certain numbers of mud. Going too stiff for
Pat Morrissey. Castake could win under dif
ferent handling. Formero ran' a poor race.
Scratched— Jim McCleeyy 116, Casdale ' 107,
Merops 113. • ' . \ . , '.'-«
Betting— Montallade, 12; Pat Morrlssey, 2;
Rio Chi co, . 10; Castake, 10; Sunello, 40; For
mero, 9-5; Alicia, 6.
24S7. SIXTH RACE— One mile and one hun
dred yards; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
¦purse.- $300.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2474 Montallade, a, 107.Russll 6 3 5 3 6 14 -
2445 P. Morrisey, a, 113.Rnch 1 2 4 2 Va 2 h
2450 Rio Chlco, 5, 113.Alexndr 3 In 1 n 3 6
2475 Castake, 6, 115... Romero 4 '4 3 4 3-42
2471 Sunello, 4, 109...Materne 5 5V66h.62
2415 Formero, 5, 116..Bassngr 2 6 n 6 1.61
2444 Alicia, a, 111 Collis 7 7 7 .7
Tlme-1-16. :07; %, :24%; %i. =50; %. 1:17%;
6%f. 1:24%. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, W. D. Randall's
blk. h. by Fresno-Sister to Jim Douglass.
Winner best under the conditions. Decoy ran
a game race. Novia not especially fond of
muddy footing. Lost Girl won't do. First
Shot lacked speed. Scratched— Snips 112, Moco
rlto 119, McAlbert 121. Tizona 112. .
Betting— Ostler Joe, 6-5; Decoy. 8; Wallen-
Btein, 3; Novia, 10; First Shot. 10; Lost Girl,
20; Jack McCabe, 100; Ringmaster, 30.
S4SO. FIFTH. RACE-Slx and-a .half fur
longs; selling; tpur-year-olds j and upward;
purse, S2C0. . ,,„.,.»..>.,., .„ .,,,-!,... •¦,..-
Index.' Horse, Wt.- Jockey. St. '.%. 'Str. .Fin.
2474 Ostler Joe, a, 117.Ransch 5 3 Vz 121 4
2428 Decoy, 4, 119.i '. Hoar 2 6 10 ¦ 4 3 2 -Va
2405 Wallensteln, 4. 119.Alxdr I-J1..3H 3 V4
2473 Novia, 6, 112 .Russell 3 1 n 2 % 4 6
2470 First Shot, 4, H2.Baengr 4 4 3 6 2. 52
2474 Lost Girl, a, 119....Collls 6 6 16 3 6 3
2156 McCabe, 6, 114.J. Alexdr 7 7 1 7 3-72
2105 R"gmaster, a, 121.Romro 8 8-8 ¦ 8 -
2485. FOURTH RACE-Slx furlongs; handi
cap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, ?10O.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
(2479)Gooii Hope, 6, 94. Ransch 2 1 M 1'lVi 1 J
2465 Articulate, 3, 104.. Stuart 3 3 5 2 3 2 8
2469 Flatterer, 3, 94... .^.Hoarl 4 8 2 3 20
2404 J. Richelieu. 3. 90.Shehn 4 2^4 4 .
Time— %, :24H; Vi. :50; %. 1:16H- Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, Caesar Young's ch. m. by Col. Clark-
Gratitude. Good Hope won as she pleased. Ar
ticulate and Jack Richelieu bumped just after
the start. Former pounds below hla best form.
Scratched— Yellowtall 122, St. Cuthbert 112.
Betting— Good , Hope, 11-10; Articulate, 8-2;
Flatterer. 9-2; Jack Richelieu Jr.,. coupled with
Articulate. . . '. ',
2484. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two
year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(24QO)Rory Ough,' no.. Ransch 13 4 1 h 12
2413 C. 6. Johnny. HO.Alxdr 3 2 M 2 H 2 2 •
(241D)Glcndennlng, 107..Basgr 2 In 3 12 3 10
2452 Lily Dale. 97... Treanor 4 4 5 4 2 4 J4
2464 Klg Massie, 100... Butler 6 6 3 6 5 6 6
.2468 Evea O. 103 Hall 7 6 1 6 10 6 10
.... Pheny L, 107....Sheehan 5 7 7 7 .
Tlme-U. :24*4; V4, :49tf. Good start. Won
easily. Second and thin! driving. Winner,
J. Lodge's ch. c. by Imp. Friar Tuck-Queen
Kaplolanl. Rory was cut ort soon after the
start, but Ransch was fortunate In getting
through . on the rail striking the stretch.
Glendennlng tired racing outT with Johnny.
Latter quite a mudlark. Others outclassed.
Scratched-Escalante 110, E. M. Brattaln 105,
Hettlng-Rory Ough, 1; Coal Oil Johnny 3;
Glendennlng. 2: Lily Dale, 600; Big Massie,
600; Evea G, 100; Pheny L, 500.
Time-Vi. :25%; H. =51%; %. 1:1»! n» - lle
l:47 1 i. 1 Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. • Winner. T. J. Field's b. g. by
El . Rio Rey-Lady Dare. ' Winner had every
thing his own way. The Gaf fir probably ran
his race. Master Cal, ridden by a green boy,
was lengths out of It going the first quarter.
Sciatched— Matilda O 103, Our Choice 105.
Betting— Rey Dare, 9-5; The Gafflr 4; Follow
Me, 10; La Calma, 12; Master Cal. 7; Cerro
Santa, 15; Slssenvlne, 5; Arlon, 100; Alpha
Lee, 100.' '. .
2483. SECOND RACE— On» mile; selling;
three-year-olds; purse, J300.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. tf. Str. Fin.
2435 Rey Dare. 105:.. Russell 6 2^16 18
2446 The Gafflr. "105.... Stuart 7 4 10 3 % 2 12
2459 Follow Me. 105. .Ransch 1 1 1 2 h 3 3
2435 La Calma, 103..Fauntlry 4 6 2 6 1 4 1
2446 Master Cal,.109.Marshall 9 9 6 1.55
2476 Cerro Santa. 105...Alxdr 5 3 2 4^65
2350 Slssenvlne 106..Basnger 3 5h 7% 7 1
2407 Arlon, L 105 Treanor 8 7 4 8 1 8 2
2422 Alpha Lee, 103 Hoar 2 8 20 9 9
Betting— Barney ' F 4; Dr. Nembula, 7-2;
Mike Rice 12; I Don't Know, 15; Torlblo, 4;
Racetto, 15; Screenwell Lake, 3.
Time— To .%. :22i£; to %. li'V*: last H, 1:04;
short. %, 1:14. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, C. W. Chap
pell's br. g. by Isaac Murphy-Lagunltas. Bar
ney Fa good "mudder." Dr. Nembula failed
to stay. Too far for Don't Know. Torlblo is
wind broken. Racetto seems to be of no ac
count. Screeriwell Lake ran a . bad ¦ race.
Scratched— Ralston 115, Almoner 115, Lou
Clleveden 110. Saul of Tarsus 112, The Miller
115. - ¦ • ;
OAKLAND RACETRACK — Tuesday,
May 21, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
, muddy. , . . , ; .
2482. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; sell
ing; three-year-olds and up; purse. ?300. .
Index, Horse, :wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
. 2448 Barney F, 4, 112.. Stuart 4 3 Va Hi 11
2462 D. Nembula. 5, U5.Colis 12 12 1 2 1
2456 M. Rice, a, 115:Sullivan 2.4 1 3 % 3 4
(23t!8)I D Know, a, 115.RussU 5 5 h 4 .% 4 1
(1240)Torlblo,. 6. 115... Ransch 6 6 3 5 «£ 5 3
2482 Racetto, 4, H2.:.Alexdr S 1^61 J> *
2474 S. Lake. 8. 98 Hostr 7 7 7 7
Just received. a big line of up to date, low
Bhoea. black or tan, -low or French heels, for
60c & pair, v. orth $3, to-day. Busy Bee Shoe
Co., 1029 il&rkfet St.. above. Sixth. , •
Luck for the Ladies.
NEW YORK, May 2L-In trie suit of
Rudyard Kipling against George Put
nam's Sons, for,, infringement of a copy
right on the ."Outward Bound"- edition
of Kipling's works Judge Lacombe, in the
United States Circuit Court, took the case
from the jury, directing, a non-suit. = This
decides the casein-favor of the Putnams.
Kipling Loses Bus Suit.
.American. Private Contrives to Get
. . . . Away After a I Proceeding jj
in Court, v r
HAVANA, May, 21.— Justus Lyman of
Chicago,- a private; In, the Second.* United
States Artillery, who was sentenced to
fourteen years', imprisonment by- the Cu
ban courts for killing ! a; policeman, es
caped-from the guardhouse shortly after
the order was issued' to transfer him to
Jail. -
Two persons | were drowned and many
families rendered homeless by a flood at
Puentas . Grandes, near Havana.
ESCAPES FROM! JAIL
WHEN SENTENCE IS READ
United Brethren Church in Christ
' ' Adopts New Rules at Its
. Session.
' FREDERICK. Md.. May 21.— The gen
eral quadrennial conference of the United
Brethren Church, in Christ, . which has
been in session ¦ here 5 since May 9, ad
journed-this evening to meet in Topeka
in January, 1905. After a warm discussion
an amendment was adopted to the church
discipline to'the effect that hereafter no
minister of the church shall be allowed to
use tobacco in any form and those who
are now addicted to the use of tobacco
must desist. ¦ •¦>
In the Apostles' Cr©ed the word "heir;
was modified and will in future be ren
dered "hades." The Rev. F. W. McKee
was elected general secretary of the
church.
HHNISTEBS WTLIi NOT -*
HAVE USE OF
Court 'to-day reversed the decision of, the
District Court in -the Topeka Mayoralty
contest and installed J. W.F.Hughes, the
Republican and Law Enforcement candi
date in the Mayor's' chair. He has been
holding the office since the election on a
certificate by the old Council, and to-dayls
action hy- the Supreme • Court makes the
certificate legal. .
To-night. Mayor Hughes filled all .the
city appointive offices and the Council
confirmed the nominations. Topeka. is
now entirely under the control of the
"dry" element and operations against the
joints are expected at once. .
City Is in Charge of the Temperance
People, and Joints Must
Close.
TOPEKA, Kan., May 21.— The . Supreme
COURT* SAYS HUGHES
IS MAYOR OF TOPEKA
Nina hundred emigrants embarked on the
steamer Calif ornlan at Guanica for Ha
waii today, leaving 400 more ready to sail.
Joyous manifestations accompanied the
departure of . the' emigrants. Fourteen
weddings and forty-eight baptisms took
place Sunday. The emigration agents lire
spending.' it Is estimated, about $10^000 in
recruiting arid maintaining the emigrants.
Favorable reports from Hawaii have
caused a continuation of the migration.
Nine Hundred Start for the Islands
and Four Hundred More Are -
•Waiting.
SAX JUAN DE PORTO RICO.-May.21.—
ST. LOUIS, May 21.— All records between
Euffalo and St. Louis were broken by the
Wabash special train having on board the
officers and directors of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition, who returned to-day
from the Pan-American Exposition open
ing ceremonies. The trip from Buffalo
72C miles, was made in 14 hours 55 min
utes, counting stops and the time lost -in
ferrying across the r>etroit River. Thus
the actual running time was less than
fourteen hours, four hours shorter than
the fastest schedule between the two
cities.
MORE POBTO BICA2J S
HURRYING TO HAWAII
Record for a Locomotive on the Run
to St Louis Broken by
Hours.
, FAST TIME IS MADE
BY TRAIN FROM BUFFALO
neEs, announces his intention to raise an
important question In the Chamber of
Deputies. He wrote to M. Delcasse. the
Foreign Minister, asking him to fix a day
for an interpellation on the recent events
at Metz, which immediately followed M.
Delcasse's visit to St. Petersburg. Count
Boni alludes to the presence of the Rus
sian Embassador at Emperor William's
review at Metz in honor of the Czar's
birthday, which has made a disagreeable
tmpression in France.
, Debate In Prospect on the Russian
Embassador's Presence at Itletz
Maneuvers. ,
PARIS, May 2L— Count Boni de Castel
lane, who has barely recovered from. 111-
COUNT BOUT WILI, TVTATTP! .
A STIR AMONG DEPUTEEi
COLUMBUS. Ohio. May 2L— The Su
preme Cami>. Woodmen of the "World, In
committee of the whole to-day considered
the report of the committee on legisla
tion. The policy of reducing, expenses is
being .adhered to and the emergency fund
Is -receiving' attention, it being decided to
day that all fees for transfers should go
Into this fund. Under the line of re
trenchment policy was the reduction of
the board of trustees from seven to five,
which -was agreed to.
This afternoon the Supreme Camp con
sidered the recommendation of the legis
lative committee to eliminate the clause
from the insurance policies which makes
ruicide annul the claim. It Is expected
that the change will be made and that
the beneficiaries of suicides may collect
the insurance.
Considers a Policy of Reducing
Expenses.
Supreme Camp in Session in Ohio
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
LOOK TO RETRENCHMENT
Moffatt and Gardner Are Matched
for the Middle-Weight
Championship.
The San Francisco Athletic . Club has
matched • Jack Moffatt of Chicago' and
George Gardner, the top-notch middle
weights, to fight in this city on July. 4.
According to the plans of the club, the
fight will take place during the middle of
the day at the Sixteenth and i Folsoni
street grounds, and will be for the cham
pionship of the middle-weight class.
Gardner and Moffatt have met before.
In New York several years ago. Moffatt
broke his arm on Gardner, but-the-gen
eral verdict at that time was that Moffatt
had pretty much the best of it. Gard
ner has beaten George Byers twice and has
a long record to show for his fistic career.
The San Francisco Club is • also trying
to secure a second match for the. same
day. This will be a preliminary between
the winner of the Matty Matthews and
Rube Fern match and Thurston.
OPEN-AIR FIGHT FOR ¦
THE, FOURTH OF JITLY
ing of the directors of-the Chicago Board
of Trade to-day the Peavy elevator "B"
: was declared irregular pending an> inves
tigation of charges made by Slaighter.&
Co. to the effect that grain stored in the
elevator was not regular. The announce
ment caused a stir on the board, as the
action is said to be without precedent.
Following is the notice sent by Slaighter
' & Co. to Secretary Stone of the Board of
Trade:
"As the Peavy Grain Company cannot
or will not deliver No. 2 corn for which we
now hold loading orders, we hereby notify
you we will not receive as regular deliv
ery any wheat or corn in Peavy elevator
"B' on regular contracts made on the
Chicago Board of Tradei"
These charges are said to be the direct
result of the Phillips deal in May corn.
The Peavy Company, it is -said, tendered
to Phillips on delivery warehouse receipts
calling for 648,000 bushels of No. 2 corn.
Slaighter & Co. applied for this corn oh
loading orders from Phillips, but the grain
offered out of elevator "B". was refused
on the ground thai It was not up to con
tract grade. As a result of the directors'
action none of the 607,000 bushels of corn
in the elevator can be delivered and there
fora excitement was fomented in May
corn. Most of the grain in elevator *'B"
is said to have come from private ¦ware
houses, and an investigation as to how it
passed inspection is among the probabili
ties. In this elevator are also 428,000 bush
els of ¦wheat and 163,000 bushels of oats.
Chicago Board of Trade Declares
There Are Irregularities in a
Peavy Elevator.
CHICAGO. May 21.— At a special meet-
CHARGES ABE MADE
AGAINST GRAIN MEN
BY F. E. MTTLHOLILAND.
\jr^y N paper and ; past performances,
Yi \V one possibly' excepted, it looked
(I ' ' II as if Handicapper Brooks in ' al-
, lotting Articulate 104 pounda'for
the six-furlorig handicap at C)pk
land yesterday hadtreated the brown colt
altogether too leniently Even with this
light Impost, though, the three-year-old
plainly showed he .was still-> pounds away
from his real- form, for, while the race
was decided in muddy going,' his strong
forte, Good Hope, carrying ninety-four
pounds, won as she liked; Thef« were
only fo-ur starters, and the oddsf against
tho last mentioned mare droppgfo from 3
to 2 down to 11 to. 10, while/the price
against -Articulate lengthened /out- a bit.
and '• Flatterer, even, secured/support to
split the pair, a trick he filled to do.
Ransch on Good Hope jumped away in
front at the start, and while Stuart prob
ably did his best to get up, Caesar
Young's useful ."mudder" won almost
easing up, In 1:16%. It seems poor form
to be racing so good a colt aa Articulate
when it is quite apparent that he is . not
ready for the post call. i
The;muddy condition of the track seems
to strike the choices about right, for four
short-priced' ones got home; first. Unfor
tunately for Pat Morrissey, 1 the mud had
dried up 1 considerably by the time the last
event was called, and he was, beaten by
Montallade, a 12 to 1 shot.
. John Lodge's chestnut colt Rory Oug-h
forcibly illustrated the fact that he has
•lost none of his sloppy weather proclivi
ties by running half a mile easily In 49V6
seconds and .beating a fast pair of two
year-olds in Coal Oil Johnny and Glen
denning. Rory with Ransch in the saddle
ruled an even money chance, jind after
Glendenning and Johnny, had raced away
at a tremendous clip, Ransch got through
PTJBSE- WINNERS ON
THE EASTERN TRACKS
at Cincinnati in an Easy
Race.
Lady Schorr Wins the Latonia Oaks
CINCINNATI, May 21.— Mud and rain spoiled
the day at L&tonla' to-d&y and the Oaks, al
ways a great race at this track, ', was devoid
of Interest. It was worth $3430 to the winner,
and was won cosily by Lady 8chorr. ¦ Fancy
wood, being the only other contender. Sum
mitry: • .
First race, six furlongs— Troubaline won,
Auchendrayne second, Casava third. Time,
1:191,4.
Second race, five furlongs— Our Jessie won,
Golden Glitter second, Carmald third. Time.
1:06%.
Third race, one mil* — Grandon won, Jano
wood second, Gawalne third. Time, .1:47%. —
Fourth race, the.Latonia Oaks, one mile and
a quarter— Lady Schorr won, Fancywood sec
ond. Time, 2:19Vi. Only two starters.
Fifth race, five furlongs— South Trimble w.on,
Owenton second, Jaubert third. Time, 1:06.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Ethel Davis won,
Uledl second, Opera Girl third. Time, 1:20%.
NEW YORK, May 2L— Morris Park sum
mary: " . •
First race, six furlongs, selling— Barbara
Frletchle won, Oliver Me second, Snark.thlrd.
Time, 1:1214.
Second' race, four and a half furlongs, sell
ing—O"Hagen won. Red Damsel second, Fon
eoluca third. Time, :o*.
. Thlud race, seven furlongst—Petra II won,
Katherina second," Glen" Nellie- third. Time,
1:29%. * • •-¦•-
Fourth race, Pocantlco handicap, one mile
and a sixteenth— Blues won. The . Rhymer Bec
ond, Gautama third. Time, 1:47%.
Fifth race, the Amateur cup, one mile, sell
ing—Ten Candies won, Semlnole' second,?, De
lanao-tmrd. Time, 1:46. v -'••'*¦:.";¦¦-+
.' Sixth race, one mile and an eighth— First
TVhlp • won. Alslke - second, Star Bright third.
¦Time.: 1:54. ' :<'..:
ST. LOUIS, May 2L— Fair Grounds summary:
1 First race, four and a half furlongs, r purse—
Talpa^won, Okla Becond, Wissendlne . third.
Tlme;1:E5. . . ¦• ->,
, Second- race, seven furlongs, selling— Sue
Johnson won, Harry ¦ Pulllam second; Colonel
Gay third. Time,. 1:28%. ..-¦-'•¦ .'.,.\ ¦
' Third -.race, five furlongs. purser-Father
•Wentker won. Xee Nutter, second,, Wyeth third.
Time. 1:02%.. ,. , • ' .^
' Fourth race; one mile, selling— Sarner won,
Albert F.- Dewey second; Farmer Bennett. third.
Time, 1:42, , . -
¦ • Fifth, race, one -mile and twenty yards— Petit
MsUtre 'won, tdazledf ord . second, . Irish ... Jewel
third. ¦'Timer 1:«V4- ' ¦ -¦ - « ¦•;'-¦ '¦¦¦ ¦
Sixth race,.6ix furlongs, selling— Jake Weber
"won; ¦ Horseshoe Tobacco second, Sam Lazarus
third. . Time, 1:15. j - .?. • . .
CHICAGO, ¦ May 21.— Wprth summary
First race, six • furlongs— Hampshire won,
Avator second,. Dick \Furber third. Time,
1-20 3-5. • - - -
Second race, six furlongs, ' sellingr-Braw Lad
won It You 'Dare second,* Myra Morella third.
Time, 1:18 3-5. .
Third race, five furlongs, selling— Minerva
won. Yana second, . Haydon , third. Time,
1:05 2-5.
. Fourth race, one mile, purse— Caviar won,
Ohnet second, Boney Boy third. Time, 1:45 1-5.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards-
Knight Banneret won, Flaneur second, Sunro
third. Time, 1:52 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards, sell-
Ing—Shut Up won, Woodstlck second, Im
promptu third. Time, 1:48 3-5.
CINCINNATI,- May 2L— Newport summary:
First race, 6lx furlongs— Nancy Till won,
Corialis second, Chemisette third. Time. 1:17.
Second race, five furlongs— Wedding March
won, El Giva second, Rose of Red third. Time,
Third race* one mile— Ecus won, 'All's Well
second, Dr. Black third. - Time. -1:46%. .'-.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Unsightly M won,
J J T second, Canrobert third. Time, .-1:17)4.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth—Hlns
dale won, Atlantus second, Eitholin ,:: third.
Time, 1:53%. -'V." ': • ;*.'->¦"-¦
Sixth race, six furlongs— Banquo II 'won,
Charles Estes second, Sauber third. - Time,
1:22%. , :.. " •.= -:.:•¦;
Leaves Phoenix for His Former
JOCKEY OXAWSON IS ¦
A VERY SICK MAN
Home . in Wisconsin " in a
Very Weak State.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 21.— Richard
Clawson, the well-known jockey, who was
at one time in "the employ of the" W. f C.
"Whitney stables, left here last night for
Gun City, Mo., his former home, accom
panied by his wife. Clawson is a, very
sick man, his trouble being an "affecjion
of the lungs. He has been spending the
winter herein the hope of regaining his
health, and' at various . times has felt' so
much better that he thought he would
surely be all right again in the. spring.
Recently a change' for the worse took
place and he "has been losing-, strength
rapidly, and his present journey is looked
upon with anxiety. • . •• ; :'. \
American Riders Win.'
LONDON. May 21.— At the York spring
meeting to-day the Stanley* stakes was
won by Sohemus, ridden by Lester Reiff.
Jenkins had the mount on Oxbridge,
which came in second.'— " ; ' -'. '"' '>¦¦;•
Pax/ owned by Ellsmore and ridden by
Danny Maher, won the race for the Great
Northern handicap plate of 500 sovereigns.
J. Rowson's K. K. K.,' Jenkins having
the mount, was first, Wilkinson's Summer
Shower -'was second, and W. I. Anson's
Overbury, with Johnny . Reiff up, ran
third, in the race for the Glasgow gelding
welter (handicap) stakes. ' ¦
Cox Loses on a Foul.
REDDING,' May 21.— In Xhe nineteenth
round of the fight here to-night before the
Redding Athletic Club Billy Decourse was
given the' decision over Tommy. Cox ' on a
foul, Cox striking repeatedly^ in a clinch.
The articles provided for "clean', breaks.
The fight was fast and ciever.'vThere were
several knock-downs on each ¦ side after
the fifteenth round, and the flght ,waa
anybody's, at the time Decourse was
fouled..,' '¦- ¦ A'., ¦ ; ¦': .- ./.;. ,'¦- . \.-,
Cheapest and "Most Delightful " Ocean
; , Tripsin.the World a*.
Ar^ those now offered by therPaciflc Coast
Steamship Company; to • Southern I Calif or
nla ports..- For. rates and information call
at office, i New Montgomery strerfr- "
DYNAMITE RATES
BANK BUILDING
Explosion Wrecks an In
stitution in State of
Massachusetts. •
Police Believe an Attempt
Was Made to Rob the
; :-. '¦¦- •'. Vaults.
¦ - ¦ . .. . .... jr
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., . May 21.— What
the police believe was an attempt to rob
the Cambridgeport National Bank of this
city, by the use of dynamite in broad day
light was revealed at 10:45 a. m. to-day by
an explosion in the bank, which blew out
the side of the building, damaging other
parts of it, arid in which Cashier William
A. Roaf sustained a wound on the head.
If the . explosion was a part of a plot
to rob the bank the plan failed, for. noth
ing of value was taken from the place.
It ie thought from the force of the con
cussion and other evidence that dynamite
was used, and that it may have been set
off by a time fuse.
The bank is in a four-story brick struc
ture in the business center of Cambridge.
The shock of- the explosion was felt for
several blocks, but no damage was done
outside of the bank building. -
Presbyterian Commis
sioners Talk About
Finances.
HOME MISSIONS
LACK SUPPORT
General Assembly Delegates
Asked to Urge Greater
Aid.
PHILADELPHIA, May 2L— The com
missioners to the Presbyterian General
Assembly to-day gave vent to a sponta
neous burst of patriotic enthusiasm
which found voice in the hearty rendition
of a national anthem. The report of the
committee on home missions had bcea
read and the Rev. Charles O. Thompson,
secretary of the Home Mission Board,
arose to make the usual appeal for aid.
which developed into an oration and
aroused the assembly to the highest pitch
of enthusiasm.
A statement in , the committee's report
that over 3000 churches failed to give di
rectly to the Home Mission Board aroused
the ire of the commissioners representing
self-supported synods and presbyteries*
and after a brief but lively debate the ob
jectionable paragraph was eliminated.
The Rev. Dr. Hush K. Walker, chair
man of the committee, in discussinsr the
report declared that unless the churches
supported the home missions the foreign
missions would . fall. The report urged
Congress to act on the anti-polygamy
amendment to the constitution before th©
Mormons secure the balance of political
power in any additional States. Both
morning and afternoon sessions were de
voted to routine business.
The Mohammedans want a better way
to Mecca. They desire to go there by
railway; and for that purpose have given
the Sultan $103,000 to be used In construct
ing a railroad.
Knight Has Financial Trouble.
LONDON, May 2L— In the .Bankruptcy
Court to-day a receiving order was made
against Sir Ellis Ashmeade-Bartlett, M.
P., formerly a civil lord of the Admiralty.
The liabilities amount to £50,000.
President Erraznriz Very HI.'
SANTIAGO DB CHILE, May 21.—Presi
dent Grrazuriz has had another* severe at
tack of paralysis. His case is considered
to be very serious.
Caesar Young's flare Wins as She Pleases in the
Six Purlong Handicap at Oakland Track.
on the rail, winning easily. Coal Oil
Johnny outstayed Glendenning, to the sur
prise of most people, getting the place by
two lengths. However, Johnny comes
rightfully by his love for mud. as his sire.
The Hero, was a remarkable horse in soft
going. . .
Barney F, from C. W. ': Chappel's old
curiosity shop, began by. capturing the
first event, backed from 8 to 4. Stuart,
who had the mount, passed Dr. Nembula
in the stretch, scoring by a length.
Toribio was a hot tip, but his wind is af
fected and he cut: a small figure. Not a
ripple was stirring- on ,ScreenweH" Lake,
arid the filly, a mild favorite, ran last/
.Following this,, Rey Dare, a husky
three-year-old George Webb had in train
ing but six months, ran circles around a
moderate. bunch in a mile selling run. The
spicy price of 2 to 1 was laid and the lop
eared fellow won by himself.. The Gaffer
finished -an easy-second over Follow Me.
Billy Randall's old war horse Ostler Joe
won the fifth number, a six and a half
furlong run. Once* 8 to 5 in the ring, the
black one galloped in four open lengths
before Decoy and Alexander. Wallen
stein ran third.
Had Pat Morrissey been scratched from
the closing mile and 100 yards selling af
lair Rio Chico might have won, or vice
versa. As it was, they raced themselves
almost to a standstill out in front, making
it easy for Montallade, a 12 to 1 shot, the
last part. Russell rode a good race on the
outsider. -¦ 1. , .... ..
Track Notes.
Jake Holtman, whose : splendid work
with the starting gate at Oakland track
has evoked so much favorable comment,
leaves for Chicago this forenoon with his
assistant, Arthur McKnight. Jake will
open the. game at Hawthorne, and next
season here will alternate at Oakland and
Tanforan with Dick Dwyer.
«/ii, Ra S sch> l » he cl ever little % lightweight
of the Burns & Waterhouse stable, starts
for Chicago on Thursday. Alert and gen-
Hfi^/L 1^!] 6 ,.,, 18 sure to. become popular
with the Middle Western public.
EASTERN BAsruAT.T, ,
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, May 2L-Matthewson succeed
ed in winning hla seventh consecutive game
t2" dliy ." Th * P'tttburgs were shut out until
the ninth inning, when It looked dubious for
the college man. He never lost his nerve,
however. Attendance, 6S0O. Score:
New York i 7 2
Plttsburg i g 2
Batteries— Matthewson, Smith and Bovrer
man: Philllrs and O'Connor. Umpires—Zlm
mer and "Warner.
PHILADELPHIA. May 21.— The home team
defeated Chicago to-day -In a well played and
Interesting game. Both twirlers pitched pood
ball, but the locals by opportune hitting took
the lead in the fifth Inning. Attendance. 2308.
Score: * ¦ .
R. H. E.
Chicago .-;¦.; 3 11 2
Philadelphia 6 9 1
Batteries— Hugh and Kllng, Orth and Doug
las. Umpire — Dwyer.
BROOKLYN, May 21.— A muff by McCreery
gave the visiting St. Louis team their start in
the third Inning. Harper was taken out in the
fifth. Two games will be played to-morrow.
Attendance, 1900. Score: •.-.
. i'jv R. H. E.
St. Louis i.:..'..ll ,14 2
Brooklyn ,:...L\. .".:.. 5 13 4
Batteries— Harper. J Powell and Nicholls; Mc-
Canh, Kennedy and McOulre. .Umpire — Emslie.
- BOSTON, May 21."-rCinclniiatl won easily to
day by superior ' stick work. -.The' Bostons
could do nothing with Phillips, their only' run
resulting from Magopn's muff of a thrown ball
in the eighth inning. Bergen played a star
game. Attendance 2500. : Score: .. . '•
I k'. h. e!
Boston .....,.: 1
Cincinnati ..\.~ .': .*.:..... 4-9 . J Z
Batteries— Dlneen * and Kittredge; Phillips
and Bergen. : Umpire — O'Day.
WASHINGTON, May 2L— The Coroner's
Jury which nas been Investigating the
murder of James S. Ayres, the young
Census Office clerk, at the Hotel Ken
more last Wednesday morning, to-day
brought in the following verdict:
"James Seymour Ayres came to his
death on "Wednesday, May 15, 1901, about
the hour of 2 o'clock a. m., at the Hotel
Kenrcore, died of a pistol shot- wound of
the chest. Further, said shot was fired
during a fatal conflict between said James
Seymour Ayres and Iola Ida Henri Bo
nlne. W«, the Coroner's Jury, hold Iola
Ida Henri Bonine for the Grand Jury."
Before the jury rendered its verdict a
number of witnesses were heard. An ef
fort was made to show that Miss Minas
could easily have heard voices through
the door connecting her room with that
of Ayres. and that lights could have been
seen through the- cracks. Detectives
Home and Weedon testified to this effect,
but Miss Minas declared that she saw no
lights on the night of the shooting. She
also testified ! that the cries she heard
coming from Ayres' room were made by
a. man s voice and not by a woman's. 'She
was positive that the voice was not that
of Mrs. Bonine.
This contradicts Mrs. Bonine, who in
her confession yesterday said that she
had uttered the only vocal sounds made
In the room at the time of the tragedy.
Detective Home's testimony concerning
yesterday's confession was not materially
different from the statement as then
given out District Attorney Gould said
that Mrs. Bonine had decided not to ap
pear before the Coroner's Jury.
The typewritten copy of her confession
was taken to Mrs. Bonine to-day for the
purpose of having her bwear to it, as she
was not under oath when she made the
statement yesterday. Mrs. Bonine after
making the confession had consulted a
lawyer and he advised her to avoid any
thing in the nature of assisting the prose
cution. When the confession was present
ed to her she positively refused to make
the desired affidavit.
After the Coroner's Jury had rendered
the verdict Mrs. Bonine was removed to
the City Jail.
Iola Bonine Must Answer
for James Ayres'
Death.
. ¦ < • * T . •
More Sensations Promised in
the Investigation of.
the Case.
JURY ORDERS
THE WOMAN HELD
RYDB, Isle of Wight, May 21.— The trial
of Shamrock II and Shamrock I to-day
was in many respects the most puzzling
that has yet taken place. Instead of
throwing additional light upon the abili
ties of the challenger, to-day's race makes
it more difficult than ever to estimate her
speed.
On the stretch from Cowes to the Sll
kiker they had an interesting struggle
under full racing canvas, with the skip
pers at the helm. Officially racing has not
commenced, but the skippers were appar
ently having a trial between themselves
and snatching every advantage. The
Shamrock II was a good half-mile to the
leeward when they started, but in the five
miles between the anchorage and the Sil
klkcr she closed up the whole of this big
gap. After threatening to go through to
weather Shamrock II had to be thrown
into the wind and held all aback while
Captain Wnnge sailed . the Shamrock I
boldly across his bows on the wrong tack.
The keenness of the contest was shown
by the fact that Captain Wringe tried
this bluff, for had Captain Sycamore held
on there would probably have been a dis
astrous collision.
For the first five miles of the official
course the new yacht did equally well,
opening out on every board and then sud
denly falling off instead of gaining. The
new yacht lost on every tack. The ex
plaration.given by those on board is that
the bobstay weakened and spilled the head
sails and foresails, but it is strange if an
imperceptible difference in the trim of her
sails made so much difference in her sail*
ing.
However, as it was, the old boat turned
the weather mark nearly three minutes
ahead and went off down the wind at a
great pace. Then came another surprise,
for the challenger, which had never be
fore been able to run her, closed up all the
time, and when they finished at Nab light
ship the times were:
Shamrock I, 2 hours' 6 minutes and 12
seconds. . •. . : - •
Shamrock II, 2 hours 11 minutes and 19
seconds. *.
The opinion of most of the experts who
witnessed the' race was that had it been
desired that the ' Shamrock II should win
she could easily have done so.
RYDE, May 21.— King Edward will 7 wit
ness to-morrow's race between t. the two
Shamrocks.. - .' t . • .. -'
SHAMROCK II A PUZZLE.
Race With Shamrock I Gives No
light as to Her Ability.
BRISTOL, R. I.. May 21.— Up and down
Narragansett Bay to-day the cup defender
CCnstitutlon was put through her first
paces and acquitted herself, as ilr. Dun
can.' her manager, said, most satisfac
torily.
Starting out this forenoon In a dying out
westerly breeze, she showed herself an ex
cellent drifter, while in- the afternoon a
fine southwester sent her scudding about
the bay in a lively fashion, with little fuss
and scarcely any feathery foam under her
smooth, bow or in her clean wake. Every
point of sailing was tried. She was hauled
flat on the wind, thrown about half a
dozen times, given a grood broad reach,
and finally sent home before the wind
with her boom off to port, and at no time
did she act listlessly or show any lack of
It was a builders' trial and confined to
six or seven miles of deep water below
Bristol harbor, no attempt being made to
show her off to the Newport colony, but
merely to give her designer a chance to
see that she was all he meant her to be,
and in every respect she equaled his ex
pectations.
Shamrock II Is Again Beaten
by the Former Chal
lenger.
Put Through First Paces
She Acquits Her
self Creditably.
CONSTITUTION
IS A FAST BOAT
GOOD HOPE GAINS EASY VICTORY
OVER BROWN COLT ARTICULATE
...... . . _ , - , . aKsOiJ' • . - ¦¦ ...... -•. . . ... -i , -1 ., .... ....
THE SAN FRANCnSCO/CALL, WEDNESDATv^MlY 22,, 1901.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
4
¦' ft A TT.WAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l«ai« nail are duo to nrrlve nl
MAN t*UA3i4!l»< 4>.
(Slain Line, Foot of Market Street)
liavx — * From Mat 5, 1301. — abrit*
7:30a Benlda, Sulaun, Elmlra. V*c»TlUa,
Knmsey and Uacramento 7:33r
7:30 A DsTia, Woodland. KnighU Laudlnj.
Mitxy«TiUe. «)ro»l!l*.. T:3.1r
7:30a AUmntio Kxpress— Ogden and Kwt I3:23r
7:910a Port » osU. Martinez, Fresno, Hao«
ford, Visalla, PurtertiUe I:33p
8:0«a Martinez, SutiUmon. Vallejo. Napa.
CaJIstoga and Santa Row U:23f
SiOOa NUes. Fleaaanton, lArennore, Stock-
too. Fresno, Hanford. Visalia,
- PorterriUa 7:23»
9:SOa Shasta Express— DaTls, Willi ma (for
Bartlett Springs), Will, wa, Red
Bluff. Portland. 7:35*
• i»»a San Juse. LlTermor», Stoektou,
lone, - Sacramento, Fla
M*ry«fUle, Cbico. R'd U ,<t 4:29*
9:80a Oakdale, Chinese (Ycseaite), So-
nora. Carters.... 4:23y
»«O»a Hajwarda. Niles >Dd,W »j Stations. 11:54a
9:UO a Los Annies Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Latfamp, a uoaton, Meioed
* ' Fresno au<< Leg Angeles 7i23»
9:301 Vallrjo. Martina* auU Way SUtlom 0:33*
I 0:00a. The Orerlanil uliulted— Ogden, Dea-
. Tar, Omaha. Chlca«a rt:»3r
|I:OOp Sacramento Klier Steamers fStttVA
S:3Or Haywards, NUes and Way Stations. 7:33*
¦iiuor Benida, . Wiaters, fiacranieolo,
Woodland, Kulghts JLandltit,
M*rjs»lile, Orofllls 10:35a
4:0Op Martinez, 8au IUiimmi. Valleto, .
Napa. C»ll»toga. Siuita Uoaa u>23a
4«OOi> NUes, UTermare. Stockton. Lodi... 10=33*
4 tiiur Haywards, Wiles Ban Jo8e,IJTtrmore fS=33A
3:«0p The Owl Limited— Tracy, 8tockton,
Fresno, Bakersfleld, Bangus for
8auta Barbara, Los Anxeles S:33a
3i00r New Orleans Expren Bakeraflold. -
Los Angeles, D mtng, £1 1'uo,
New Oileana and East 7iS3«
3»0OFTosemiU 7:33 a
O«O«p Hatwardj, NiiesaudSaa Jose 7s53a
1«>OOf Vallejo 11:35a
Oj OUp Oriental Mall— Ogden. Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chloago lt:23?
•«••* OrieaUl Mail— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Chicago. 4:33y
7»00p Oregon and California Express, Hao-
rameuto. Mirysirille. Keil.llug.
PorklaiKf. Puget Hound ami Kaak 8i»aA
¦••SrSao Pablo. Pork Cost*. Uaxtlnea
._._ „»•>« W»J Stations 11:33a
tSrpgp Vallejo 7;S3f
CX>AST LINE (Narrow tiauge).
'¦:,¦¦ ¦:- (Foot ol Market Street.)
|7«4Sa Santa Cruz Excursion to dant* Crua - '
and Principal Way Stations }S:03y
¦iISa Newark.Ceutert il]e,.Sao Jose, Felton,
Boaliler Cn-ek.Sau U Oruz and Wa*
SUtions..:.. ..i. S>SO*
t»«13r Newark, CenteTTille. San Jo«e, New
- i Almadoo, Folton, . Itonlder Creek,
Santa Ciuz aad * Principal Way
Statlous 1lft:.1OA
4»iar N.wark. Ban Jose, Los Gatos.....{ ? jp.^St
.~~~ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrmSH fttiSOISCO— r»at «r Itrkil SUni(SU*8)—
. 17:15 9:00 ll:004.M. 1:03 3:00 5:Wf.«.
ntmOlIUia — ttt\ «l Brt>iwtT.— tii-.OO ta.00 13-04
; 10:00a.m. 12:03 2.03 l:C3r.M. .
COAST IaINE (Uroa.l flaage).
(Third and Townsend Hts.) .. , .
•»I«a San Jose and Way 8t*Uons. «i;ter
J7:«O* Sail Job«»...1 \V»y SUti..nn a I18W*
J7iai»A Sunday Excursion for San Jcee,
¦ 8anta Cruz. . P.dno GroTe and
Principal Way SUtloas JSj30»
" ¦'••A Ran Jose. Ties Pinos. Baiita f'rni.
PaeiK« Urn*e, nalinaa San Lois
Obispo anil Princip<.i iiitenuedUto '.•".-¦
„- , suti..u». 4iior
1«i80a 8an Jose and Way SUHons. ..»• 7>3wr
/IOiSua New Aluiaden /3:3Op
IllSOA San Josh ami Waf HUtioiis 3<30v
t*:»3p Sau llateo. lUdwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .loae.
Tres Pluos. Hant* Cms, Salinas,
Monterey and I'acllic (irate |IO:I3a
i£ SiBwr San Jose and Way Stations 6:3i>a
|4il3p San JoseaiKl Principal Way Stations a: 13*
13ioop a»n Jow>. Loa Gatos and Priuapal
•' ' - •• WayStatlons -; f9:«O%
3«3»p San Jom an<l Principal Way Station* 8:35a
OiOOf RedwoHl, San Jos*. Gilmy. Salinas,
8a»ta Btrhara, La* Angles • 10:03a
9tO9r Del Monte, Monterey. Pacific GroTe. '
Lompoo lit:O3*
«i3l>r Sa» Juas ami Way Stations t«M><»»
all;43p3jn» Jo»g«ii<l Way Sutiona....;.... TsSoJ
..AforMornJnj. P for Afternoon. '
TMiimlay exceiited. J Sunday only '
a Baturday only. - /Tneadays and Fridays,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
'• .; ....... " TU 3»mm» Ferry— Foot of Karket St.
MAvcMuru*. '. ¦ •- . «min( t«K rMR
1^5 f m' I •"• • - • "w^EEK . DAYS ... ( *f* »- M -
4?s I: m: s *^ w * » i « 4t « «- "?«»¦} i 3? !• m*
8U»A.M.l- fl"-15FM
9.00a. m.( ' T:{^p«*
h-<«a ne /•••••••Sundays..... < s^up.m.
. on , I ¦ . . 4.3U P. M.
230 P. M.J ¦ . . i ¦ 7jq p M
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.\ & Sansali to Ferry.
EAXLWAY TBAVEL.- •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 28, 190L • • '
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
.AND SAN RAFAEL. ..-:•-. -¦ = .'¦
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, , *9:iO, 11:00 a. m..
12:45. 1:45, 3:15, 4:15, 6:15, *6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael I on Mondays, Wednesdays, I Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 -and 11:40 p.m. ' ' ••¦ .
, SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. »9:00. *10:00. U:00, 11:30
a. m., 12:45, *l:30, 2:30, »3:45, 5:00, 6:00,7:30 p.m.
11:00 a. m. does. not. run to San Rafael Sun-
days.- -,-' : . .--v ' i '¦ ' ." ¦• ' ¦ • '"¦¦"";.'
. Trains - marked (?) run to San Quentin. • =:
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47, 8:35. . 10:15
a. m., *12:25, 1:15. 2:20,- '3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA v TRIPS on Mondays. . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. ;,: .¦¦-
SUNDAYS— 6:16, »8:00, 9:45, »11:00 a. m., *12
m.. 1:00. . 2:15,; •8:30,'- 4:30, *5:45, 6:45, 7:30, 10:10
Trains marked . (*) start from San i Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, , 6:45. 7:53. 8:55, - 10:30
a. m.. 12:35 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10.' 6:20 p.m.:- 5
EXTRA TRIPS ¦ on ". Mondays,-, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 ana 10:35 p. m. • • •¦- ;
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00, 10:05, 11:10 a. m.. 12:15.
1-20 2:30,'> 3:45. 5:00. 6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p. m. ;
'-:'¦-.* ¦ THROUGH TRAINS. '
-'6:55 a.-m.\week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.."- ' '. ¦ ' '•¦- ¦ ' .; '
- * S:16 . p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.. ¦ * J -. ' ¦¦::•. '!¦: -¦_¦¦"/<¦'. ' '/"-•¦ ifv ,¦•.:.
-•. 5:15 p -, m. ' week ¦ days (Saturdays . excepted)—
Tomales and way.statlons. ¦ -. ;. • <¦,
8 a.m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
: 10 :00 - a. \. m. - Sundays— Point I Reyes . and way
¦tatlons. r •¦-... ¦ ¦./;, •¦ ¦.¦'¦ .¦:.-/:.,,
j i ¦>.-' RAILWAY TBAVEL
• W ' Just a little betlet fj
I ¦ ' than anV other train
I —a little better service— *
ja a more homelike
a feeling on the
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
than you find elsewhere, ) .
" land it runs like this
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO '^ri/Sljf.
9 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fr! Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun »on Tues Wed
' 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
GALffOMH HORTHWESTEM RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry.* Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
i WEEK DAYS-7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:33,
j 3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Extra trip
! I at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:sO
and 11:31) p.--m-- ¦¦¦'¦'¦ ' -- - '
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. U:0O a. xn.; 1:30, 3:30,
¦ 8:00, 6:20 p. m.
¦'. . San Rafael to San Francisco. . ,
. WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. ¦ .
BUNDAYS-8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, »:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m. . . ¦ - •
- '' Leave I In Effect I Arrlv»
San Francisco. | April 23, 1901. | San Francisco. •
-.Week -I Sun- I «•.«'.'¦¦ I Sun- I Week
Days. ( days. | Destination.! days. ( Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
/ • Fulton-,- ~ ¦
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
* "• 6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
' ¦'* ¦ -¦ • ¦ . • ¦ ' ¦ Lytton.
. ' Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:23 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am ~ ~~~ 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 5:00 pm . g;20 pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma.' 9:15am 8:40am
• •-."¦ ' ¦ and - _ : ;
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 prnj 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
, Stages connect at.Kanta Rosa 'for Mark West'
Springs and ,Whlte S«lphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geyaers; . at Hopland for . Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe Carls-
bad. Springs,- Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes.'. Laurel Dell La**, . witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, . Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley*s. BuckneiiV
Sanhedrln : • Heights, Hullville, Orr-s* ' Hot
Springs. Mendoc.no City. Fort Braes West
port. Usal. WlUlts, Laytonvllle. oimmtas.
Bell's Springs. ; Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.- ; .¦ , ..-..- ; < :, .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .. . • . - ;¦ ... t
On Sunday ronna trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. * t -- ;-
Ticket Office— 650 Market Btreet,'.Chronlcl«
Building.
~ H.~ C ' Yi HITING.^ ¦ > > -•/'.T'k.-.X.'RTAK.-"--
- Gen. Manager.;, Gen. Pass. Agt.
You drink some beers that cause bilious headache. Perhaps p[|J»l
?®r\ you think that all beers do. Km
%lm e cause °^ biliousness ia the lack of age — too much haste |f£!|
i&M to put the beer on the market. To ferment beer thoroughly KSHfl
V$n requires a process of months. Without it the fermentation takes gnja
Pf*i place in your stomach. That is the cause of biliousness. LXJ
*«1 Hurried beer is unhealthful. Schlitz beer is kept for months R^J
t^H in refrigerating rooms with a capacity of 265,000 barrels— kept ' raS
i£$l almost at freezing point until it is well fermented. Schlitz beer is RJ>*1
*p3 never marketed until thoroughly aged. C^J
'^S 'Phone Main 447. Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., San Francisco. 1^^
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Choicest Farm (Melted) 1
kv utter is not equal to S
Because 'Wesson Cooking- Oil ! Is richer, Bj .
has better cooking qualities. Is more f;
oonvenlently I handled and costs much H
less. " / f]
Wesson OH Is .more digested H .
than melted butter and enable* a dys- 13
'peptic to eat foods fried .In It -with M
greatest "after comfort." ¦ ' •- •¦ n
OF CX5URSE,' ,TOU KNOW THAT H
WESSON OIL IS VASTLY SUPE- , B
RIOR. TO ANY ANIMAL PAT/ M
For the same reasons that It is sup#- la
lior to butter, and because lard may B
carry with It the disease taint with g
which the' swine may be affected. ,. H
April' 10. 1901- ' I]
• WESSON. PROCESS CO.: fe|
Gentlemen — I find that Wesson. Odor- ij
less Cooking Oil la pytm best fat to use JJ
In frying and shortening. It ¦ £o%e ait A
give off a disagreeable odor or smoke. H
Food fried in It Is crisD. brown and a
appetizing. ¦ Being purely vegetable. It B
does not carry with It any possibility H
of ' disease as might be the case with E
animal fata. ' Wesson I Cooking Oil is |l
more easily handled than lard and goes - (0
further. As It la 'tasteless It U
permits the food to retain , Us natural H
- flavor. I heartily recommend Wesson V.
OIL --¦' • . M
(Signed) CHABLET LIM YINQ. H
Chef . Hotel Metropole, Avalon, Santa W
. ' Catalina Island. .... ' H
Sold by leading grocers. ¦ Send 4 cents M
' In stamps, mention this paper and re- [
celve our new , cook I book. Bo careful i
to write your address plainly. ¦ Q
WESSON PROCESS CO.. ' i
120 South Third St.. Philadelphia. Pj
" RAILWAY TRAVEL. . ;
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry. Depot.
~~ Local Llm'd Ovrl'd l^ocal
Daily. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
"At. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
i " Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ........
i " Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a ....'....
." Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7;06 a .:..:...
."Visalla .. 4:10 p .4:10 p 4M5 a
" Tulare ... <4:27p 4:27 p 5:05 a ....;.;.
« " Bksneld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
' ". Kan City. 8:41 a 7:30 a*
¦"Chicago .......... 2:15 p 9:00 p
I ' a for morning. • p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying. Palace. Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. - Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of- local
first-clasa passengers. •••¦ No- second-class
tickets aro honored on this train. Corre-
; ; epondlng : train arrives at 5:55, p. m.' dally.
i 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
I Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily. ¦ ¦
8:00 p.', m. Is the Overland Express, •with
through: Palace ana Tourist' Sleepers and.
free- Reclining; Chair Car.-, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. ' ¦" Corre-
sponding, train arrives at 5:55 .p. m. dally.'
Bt> 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local. 7 stoppln?
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train ' arrives at 8:40 a..m. daHy.'
V*' Offices— 641 ' Market street : and in* Ferry
; Depot, •' San ' Francisco: 111S Broadway,
Oakland.^ .: /-r. . ,-.^,^ '
aBr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KJEABNY ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. -Debility or
disease wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcures when
others , fall. Try ¦ him. i Charges low.
Cam enar^nlprd. Call or write.
Dr. JT. J 1 . OIBBOMi ban Francisco. CaL _LATE MINING IMPLEMENT DEAL
ER WHO WAS CONNECTED WITH
GREAT TUNNELING WORK.
• Major Joseph Knowlton i was arraigned
In Judgo Mogan's court yesterday, on. the
charge of -felony embezzlement I preferred
against him by.his brother-in-law, James
H. Dcollttle 'of ;-the St. Nicholas Hotel
He r was represented . by' Attorney George
D. Collins. ¦• who | asked for a ' continuance
till May 29,' when the preliminary -'exami
nation will be held. \ ',>-.• •• ¦-.¦;. ¦¦.• .-¦,
Knowlton Is Arraigned.
Dr. Bunker's Examination.
The preliminary examination of Dr.
Robert E. Bunker on the charge of mur
der in connection with the death of Jane
Bouillaguet. a governess, was continued
befcre Judge Cabanlss yesterday after
noon. The prosecution closed with the
evidence of Dr. .Bacigalupi, autopsy phy
sician. Attorney Hosmer then made a
motion to dismiss. He argued that Miss
A. Cerles, the principal witness for the
prosecution, was. If anything, an accom
plice If a crime had been committed and
ihere was nothing to corroborate her tes
timony. The Judge denied the motion and
the defendant testified in his own behalf.
Dr. W. R. Cluness also testified for the
defense, and the case was continued Ull
this morning.
While every one Is preparing to decorate
the graves of the soldiers who served the
country so well and faithfully there is a
deep-founded desire to pay some special
tribute to the men who fought on the sea
and who lie sleeping beneath its restless
waves. For years it has been the custom
to decorate the mounds of earth that
mark the last resting place of the soldier
and to include in the decoration a thought
to the memory of the sailor, but this year
and hereafter it is proposed to strew flow
ers on the breast of old ocean In special
honor and memory of the dead he has
clasped in his great white arms.
The suggestion cprnes from Mrs. Arml
tage S. C. Forbes. It has received the In
dorsement of every one who has heard of
It, and particularly of men of the navy.
A year ago such a demonstration was
made, but It was quietly done and only
by those who had good cause to show
some special care for such a ceremony.
This year, however, the idea has claimed
attention from many sources and the out
going tide will bear with It garlands and
wieaths and big bunches of blossoms
dropped on the surface of tho sea In
tribute to the memory of those who were
its sons and those it has claimed as its
own.
In years gone by the sailor dead have
not been neglected. The mournful mounds
that tell of their last berth ashore have
briEhtened at the close of every May
with the flowers loving hands have show
ered over them, but a peaceful rest under
the daisies is not the only fate of those
who brave the storm and carry the flag
through wind and weather. •
The history of the country is brightened
To-Morrow, Slay 23d,
The great factory sale of shoes will start
with a rush. Talk about your celebration
of last week! Well, you have had your
satisfaction of seeing the President, now
c<-'me to and attend to business. To-mor
row bright and early this great known
factory shoe sale will open its doors to
>«'u. As a starter there will be for sale
lsdies' and men's shoes that are worth
13 50 for only $1 00 a pair. 5000 pairs will
lv- there for you to pick from. These
fhoes are vesting top. also all kid lace,
coin toes; in fact, all styles at the factory
f^ale of shoes. 717 Market st., near Third.
Sale will begin at 9 a. m. and not before. •
General Lacayo Pays a Fine.
General Carlos Lacayo, ex-Consul Gen
eral of Nicaragua, was convicted In Judge
Fritz's court yesterday on the charge of
disturbing the peace and was fined $50.
Early last Thursday morning he assaulted
Oeorpe Brown, a student from Chile, at
Powell and O'Farrell streets because
Brown asked him for money loaned. The
general claimed that Brown made dispar
aging remarks about one of his lady
friends.
Without, trouble th« ceremony for the
sailors oouldbe made cart of that lor
the soldier* .The principal ceremony of
the day will take place 1 on the hlliHlH..
cemetery at the«Pre«ldlo and rlnrht at ;t«
feet lies the bay. where the flowers for Hie
sailors could be consigned to the ebblne
waters to. carry them out beyond tho bur
on every page by the record of brilliant
feats of arms far out beyond th© hundred
fathom line, and ;the price of every one
wo s paid to the last man as, each with a
shot at his feet and a hasty prayer for
his soul, the dead were hove over the side
while the living cleared,, for action once
more. It Is one thing to fight with the
solid old mother earth beneath the feet
it is. another to fight with a thousand
fathoms of clutching, clawing sea reach
ing for ship and man, where defeat means
to sink with the vessel and where even
victory has often meant the same. For
these men there has been no special trib
ute on Memorial day. but it is the inten
tion that they shall have one.
And the men who stand to the guns are
not the only toilers for the flag at sea.
There are thousands more who carry It
to the farthest confines of the world
bringing thte message It bears and the
treasures from the land it represents.
Memorial day has grown to be more than
a time of memory for the man who bore
arms, and next to the man from the war
ship s deck la the merchant man, who
creates in peace what the bluejacket pro
tects in war. The annals of the merchant
marine are full of records of "lost In a
storm. Scarcely a week passes without
some vessel coming In through the Golden
Gate with her flae at half-mast and one
man missing from her me^; and this Is
h U Li?J?J °£ V 16 , c ? un try's seaports. The
howling wind j picks as many men from
tho royal yard as the bullet takes from
the firing line, and the sea gets them. all.
A man may drop In his tracks with a bul
let through his breast and the surgeon
gets him, but a man from the yanfarm
plunging headlong Into the smother of
foam and spray is gone forever. He too
should have at. least one blossom on the
hC A av i n fu breast of tne sea. that keeps him
And there are more who He deep down
in the water, neither sailor from the deck
nor seaman from the yard. The Klo
brought with her a hundred of these Is
not the changing tide the place wherl
ther wr«aths should fall?. The Ghesw
brought more; the Atlantic still more; ihe
Palestine more; the northern lieet for
Nome the scores of whalers, the ocean llii-
T s^ ai U bave added to the number and a
hundred more ships that have found their
match in wind and wave have swelled the
Hs k ?f those whose only monument can be
a brilliant blossom thrown upon the ocean
- The idea has been submitted t3 aeverai
officers of the navy and each promote
and cordially indorsed It. Admiral De^ey
said he thought the :dea a beautiful on/
and he expressed .tho hope that 5 1 would
be carried out in many places. Admiral
Sampson and Admiral: Schley both gave
the idea their hearty approval
Secretary Long 'has given a most em
phatic Indorsement of the plan. On his
way to the city with the P PresidontlA'
party -ho was shown a telegram asking
for his opinion regarding such. a ceremony
and h« said. "I think It Is an extrernelv
pretty lden." and continuing he expressed
tho hope that It would become -jrenural
General Shaftflr also believes there
should ho «omo special mark of roHopct
for tho sailors, for whll«, an ho say S, l"
In more Interested personally In tho dec
oration of the grave* of tho soldier* who
paid tho price, null ho *ay» ho Is in
hf-nrty sympathy with the Idea and It will
rIvb him much pleasure to aH«|*t to thp
extent of hi* power/ Captain Mendr of
tho United States Btnnmnhlp Philadelphia
and Pny Inspector Thompson, tho goiilor
P 0Ku >a \ ( ? T on « hl " coast, nre both In favor
of the Idea and others from tho navy und
the merchantmen think a flower on th«
water Is tho truo trlbuto to the hero of the
Bids for the cleaning and sprinkling of
streets were opened yesterday by tbe
Board of Public Works and the contract
¦will be awarded this morning. Gray
Erothere are the lowest bidders for clean
ing districts 1 and 4, their bid being re
spectively 75 cents and 25 cents T>er 1300
cubic vards. The City Street Improve
ment Ccmpa'hy bid 79 and 49 cents. Last
year the successful bidder received 77 and
€3 cents for the work. Ftor sweeping all
paved streets and alleys in district 3 Gray
Brothers bid 35 cents and the City Im
provement Company 31 cents per 1000 cubic
yards. For sprinkling districts 1 and 2
the City Improvement Company was the
only bidder at 2S»4 cents per 1000 lineal
feet. The fact that the checks accom
panying Gray Brothers' bids were not
properly certified may invalidate them.
Harry Gray, a member of the firm, con
tends that the checks were certified by
the manager of the bank and the disput
ed point will be settled to-day.
Lowest Bidders Are Not
Certified.
BIDS FOB CLEANING THE
STREETS AEE OPENED
Board, of Works Claims Checks of
Plan to Pay Special Tribute to the Memory of
Those Who Went Down in the Sea.
MARKING OCEAN GRAVES OF HEROES
BY GARLANDS STREWN ON WAVES
BENJAMIN T. LACX who was
one of. the most prominent deal
ers In mining "implements on the
Pacific Coast and one of this
city* 8 pioneer business men,
passed away at the family residence, 761
Chestnut street, at 9 o'clock yesterday
morning. Death resulted from • Brighfs
disease of the kidneys, "from which the de-
New York harbor, using the Burleigh
drill to bore into the rocks of Hell Gate.
In the task of drilling for the Sutro tun
nel of the Comstock ne was actively en
gaged. At Fitchburg. Mass., In 1867, Mr.
Lacy flrst met Mr. Burleigh, and subse
quently Introduced on this coast the drill
which bears the name of the inventor.
Mr. Lacy began his business career In San
Francisco in 1871. He was born at Wex
ford, Ireland, fifty-five years ago.
The deceased leaves a wife and two sons
and daughters to mourn him. - , .¦ .
ceased had suffered but a short time.
Benjamin T. Lacy was a man of pro
gressive energy. He was connected with
the work of drilling the Mount Cenis tun
nel through the Alps and of boring the
Hoosac tunnel In New England before he
came to California. He also performed
important work under General Newton in
Congressman Loud also deems the com
ing visit of the committee to be of much
public Interest In California. The commit
tee, he eays, will visit the Atlantic and
Gulf ports and river systems as well as
the waterways of the Pacific slope, Its
Idea being to get a complete knowledge of
the entire subject as it concerns the
country at large. Very likely It will visit
the great lakes, if the members are not
thoroughly acquainted with them already.
He understands the committee will travel
at its own expense.
Congressman Julius Kahn has received
advises from Washington that lead him
to think that nearly all the members of
the Congressional Committee on Rivers
and Harbors will come to California next
morlh. He 6ald yesterday that before he
left the East for home he had a talk with
Congressman Burton, who is the chair
man of the House committee, concerning
the journey of the committee members,
and he thinks it probable that their visit
to California may have a very beneficial
effect. This State had large interests
reptesented in the provisions of the river
and harbor bill as it was reported from
the committee at the last session. Among
the items was one of $612,000 for the im
provement of Oakland harbor. The San
Joaquin and Sacramento rivers were to
be benefited by the expenditure of sums
aggregating $250,000. There is also a rec
ommendation for the disbursement of
S216.000 unexpended money for the work
on f.hag rock and Arch rock to secure a
depth of thirty-four feet of water over
them- Redwood and Petaluma creeks
also are in the line of improvement. Alto
gether the amount that may be expended
for the betterment of Callfgornla rivers
and harbors is about $1,600,000.
"The purpose of the coming of the Riv
ers and Harbors Committee," said Con
gressman Kahn, "is to gain personal
knowledge of the waterways and to find
out what Is needed, that means may be
provided to give what relief can be af
forded. I assume that a majority of the
committee will come to the Coast. From
Congressman Burton I have learned that
he has tried to enlist the Interest of all
the members of the committee. The mat
ter is of importance. I will accompany
the committee, if it desires, when it ar
rives, and help it to get all the knowledge
that It needs of the various localities
where improvements may be made, and
also of waterways generally."
Benjamin T. Lacy, Pioneer Mining Implement
Dealer, Dies at His Home.
PASSING OF AN EXPERT
BORER OF BIG TUNNELS
THEY WILL SEE
COAST HARBORS
Visit of Congressional
Committee Is Near
at Hand.
Improvement of Waterways
of State "Will Be
OoriEidered.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 22, 1901.
The • Santa : Fe is no w carrying ' passen
gers to the Yosemite via' stage from Mer
ced. Starting on California Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon,- passing. Merced Big Trees
enroute.V ¦ u ' :- ¦ -;"- ¦ "- --.'•,-.-
Auk about it at 611 Market street • .
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
: V A. /literary, and, musical -entertainment
will be given at 1 the Good , Samaritan Mis
sion. Second and Folsom streets, to-nifrht
under the auspices of the Men's. Club.
The programme. has been arranged by R.
C.. White, the well-known theatrical In
structor.'.The public is cordially invited
to attend. ' • : • .
Good Samaritan Mission.
, Nothing but men's nultn.' Mr. P...C.
Kellv, assignee of the' Boston,'- Is making
thin a clothing week and* sells: clay
wormed and fancy woolen cheviots, round
nnd square cut men's suits, worth $18,, for
$4 65 a. suit' at the clothing assignee sale
of tho Boston Clothing Co., 773 Market
Bt., near Fourth. ;. :,'-••
Clothing— Men's Clothing.
Special train, select party, to tho Pan-
American Exposition, visiting en route
the Grand Canyon. Kansas City, Chicago,
Plttuburir, Washington, Philadelphia, New-
York Niagara Falls, Colorado Springs,
Pikes Peak, Denver and Salt Lake, with
one full week at the Buffalo Exposi
tion. Swell dinner while you /travel,
b*»st hotelB when you «ton... ¦Train, Pull
rhan'u latest. Start* June 3. Full particu
lars at Santa Fe Office, 641 Market »t.
Pan-American Exposition Party.
The 1901 Advertiser's Hand Book of the Ma
hln Advertising; Company, of Chicago, is, a
compact book of 48 pages. It lists the leading
publications of general . circulation : and also
the dally newspapers . of America and gives
the size of page, advertising rates and dis
counts. J politics or religion, date of Issue and
much other valuabla Information of every day
use to the general advertiser. The Hand Book
is not burdened with advertisements of pub
lishers which shows that this agency is en
deavoring to keep clear of the suspicion < oi
patronage and undue Influence which these
evidences of bounty might exert. The Mahln
Aj?ency declines advertisements of . liquors. and
objectionable or fake Institutions. Its busi
ness Increased over 50 per cent the last year,
necessitating branch offices at St.' Louis, Kan
sas City and New York. .A copy of the Hand
Book and seven cards containing excellent
maxims for displaying in every office or fac
tory will be mailed upon receipt of 50 cents.
Address Mahln Advertising Company, 201 Mon
roe St., Chicago.. - ,_ -
This Live Agency Shows Splen
did Prosjress.
The 1901 Advertiser's Hand Book pf
MAHIN GROWING RAPIDLY.
It Is Impossible for this court to say that the
showing of such a violation of a city ordi
nance did not prejudice the Jury before whom
ho wa» being- tried. • • • In view of these
facts the court reverses the Judgment and order
of the lower court and remands the case for a
new trial.
The Supreme Court handed down a de
cision yesterday reversing the judgment
and order of the Superior Court. -; which
convicted Thomas A. Kelly a year and a
half ago of the charge • of conspiring to
defraud a public " office. . ¦¦ '",
Kelly was accused of accepting "straw"
bonds as ball • for the recognizance of a
negro sneak thief named "Wilson, who fled
froih the city as soon as he was freed. : It
was alleged that Kelly accepted the fraud
ulent bonds knowingly and had. made an
agreement to do so with Wilson's attor
ney, J. N. E. Wilson. .
In rendering the decision ;the, Supreme
Court considered but two points In the
appeal; first, that there was a large
amount of extraneous evidence admitted
at the trial, and second, that Judge Law
lor, before whom the case was tried, had
wrongfully charged the jury. v. .
It was admitted that evidence In regard
to conversations between Wilson, the ac
cused, and his attorney, at which Kelly
was not proven to have been present, had
been allowed to be presented, by the
Judge, although it Incriminated the pris
oner.- The Supreme Court therefore -held
that a conviction under, such circum
stances was illegal. In charging the jury
the former court had read an ordinance
wherein it is prohibited to a police court
clerk to accept ball bonds outside the
limits of the City Hall. The trial court
then admitted its error, but said there was
evidence enough aside from the ordinance
to convict.
In reference to this point the Supreme
Court says: ;
a Jury.
Another Hearing ' Before
STJPILEME COURT GRANTS
, KELI.Y A NEW TRIAL
Former Police Court Clerk Will Have
The club is also planning to have a club
house as soon as feasible and unless
articles of Incorporation are filed Its of
ficials cannot transact business in a
proper manner. Mrs. White also states
that the club has some money and it Is
desired to invest this in such a manner as
to draw more Interest than It does at pres
ent. It is thought that as a business con
cern the club can inspire more respect
among business men than If it remains an
irresponsible organization. Every one is
strongly In favor of the plan, and Mrs.
"White states that there Is : no doubt /but
what it will be adopted at the regular
business meeting.
After the meeting the members were ad
dressed by Mrs. Mary Urquhart Lee,- the
distinguished parliamentarian, from the
East, on the economic and social condi
tions of the Mormon women. L. M. King
spoka on the subject. of street cleaning.
The clubrooms were taxed to their full
capacity and the greatest Interest was
shown by the members in the topics un
der discussion. At the conclusion of the
addresses numerous questions were asked
the speakers. .
" Mrs. Lee gave an Interesting sketch of
a number of the most prominent of tlie
Mormon women and attributed to them a
high degree of Independence and self-re
liance. She asserted . that their &ssoci>
tion with the men In political life had
greatly developed them and that as a rule
they had become more determined and
more willing to face the drudgery of llf«
than the ordinary woman. She spoke of
the remarkable skill they have attained
as ¦weavers of silk and gave a very en
tertaining description of silk culture in
general. • '
By unanimous -vote Mrs. J. J; Scovllle,
Mrs. Aaron Schloss. Mrs. J. S. Spear, Mrs.
Dorothy Harnden and Mrs. Charles. A.
"Warren were appointed a committee to
learn how the action might best be taken
and to report thereon at the regular an
nual business. meeting of the club, which
Is to be held on next Tuesday.
Mrs. Lovell "White originated "the plan
more than a year ago and the matter has
been discussed frequently since that time,
but no public attention was given to it till
yesterday. The incentive to Incorporate,
Mrs. White says, arises from a general
desire to increase the scope and efficacy of
the work of the club. ;¦»
Mrs. Lovell White, president of the
club, addressed the ladies present on the
subject of incorporating the organization.
The project met' with favor. Suggestions
were made" 1 by some Denver ladies who
are visiting 1 In San Francisco and who are
members of an incorporated club in their
home city. ¦.-They- stated' that with them
the experiment had proved an 'unques
tioned success and placed their club on. a
much higher basis.
The regular meetinp of the California
Club was held at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association building yesterday after
noon. 1 . . V. " ;
Planning for a Clubhouse to
Be Erected in the Near
Future.
California' Club Will In
crease Scope of
'l<, Its Work.
MEMBERS FAVOR
INCORPORATION
5
OCEAIT TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦*.•¦¦ 'Steamers -leave Broadway
>¦>¦ Wharf, San Francisco:
tfflii For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
fBmk May 1. S, 11. IS. 21. 26. 31.
MraFTjSsgtk. June 5. Change to company s
IS HbWA steamers at Seattle.
; fmkflfif T&'a For Victoria; Vancouver (B.
BsHEtfewa3 C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
[r^w| Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
»nd New Whatcom (Wash,)—
• u a. m.. May 1. 6. 11. 1«. 21.
2« SI Juno 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Cnange at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N P Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eu«ka and 'Humboldt B ? y-l:30 p. m
May 8 8. 13 18, 23. 28. June 2 (*4 p. m.). and
bara.Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Los An-
eelee)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m..
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. .^
.For Los Angeles, calling at Santa. Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. I * ort T J Ia £ < ? r , d
(San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. Banta Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro East San^Pe-
dro. 'Newport (»Corona on lv )- st f, anle ';^? r^ n , a -
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays,
Magdalena.Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Faz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.' . . t
For further Information obtain company s
folders - • ¦ . . \
- The ' company reserves the _ right ¦ to chansre
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PKRKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
, 10 Market St.. • San Francisco. .
O. R.& N. CO.
. ¦ Only f9*eat3oa.*lmSx> Irfna «o
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points.' all rail or «tenrnshlr» mnA rail, at
LOWEST HATES.
8TEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH md MZAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA:... Sails May 23. June 2. 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER............
.-. ...• Sails May 1S.-28. June 7, 17. Z7
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgm'y.S. F.
."'.» 1LD GOOSE MINING AND TRAD
ING COMPANY.
Passenger and Freight Steamer
CHAS. D. LANE.
NOME
TELLER. GOLOFNIN. • PORT CLAR-
ENCE. ETC.
SAILS JUNE 1.
Superior First and Second Class Pas-
- senger Accommodations. . ,
B0 Tons Cold Storage Capacity.
' This company owns the most success,
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring
' safe discharge of all freight: also owns
and operates the Wild Goo»e Ry.
; H»avr Machinery. Barres. Ete.. Taken.
-CHAS.CONKLIN & CO...6W Market st.
AAAanlAi! «? ,f> A HAWAII, 8AU0*. NEW
oceanic s.s.co. %%g$a
BS. MARIPO8A (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
N«w Zealand, and Australia...
..,..; Thursday, May 80, 10 a. m.
83. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only).".
Saturday, June 8, Z p. m,
S3. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
. ....Sunday, June SO, at 4 p. m.
J. 0. SPREGXELS k BROS. CO., Bsntral Agents, 327 Harkat St
gtn'l Paaingir Offlca, 643 Hartrt SI., Plir Ho, 7, Pacilh St
COMPAONIE OENEBALB TRANSATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
KalllnK every Thurddny, InMfn.l of iiSAta
Saturday, at 10 a; m., from pier 42, • *ujwm
North River, foot of Morton street. La Br«>
tagne,' May .20; La Champagne, June 6: *La
Lttrralne, Junei 13;-*L'Aqultalne, - June 2". ¦
First cUri to Havre, S55 and upward. Second
class to Havre, S43 nnd upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA; 32 Broadway < Hudson building), . New
•Vork; J. F.' FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. Ran Francisco.
Tickets sold by nil Railroad Ticket Agents.
¦Twin Screw - Express * Steamers.
¦PANAMA -;IU\SBTV.
TO HEW; YORK VIA v PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin/ f 105; Steerage. « 40. '
*S. S. Leelanow sails Monday, June 3
8.' S.Argyll - sails "Monday, June 24
Si S. Lie'anaw , sail* Monday, July 15
¦ ¦ From Fremont -street Wharf at 2 p.'m.
¦ ' Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
OCEAN TRAVEL-
Pacific Coast .Steamship Co.
fe NOME '
. THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
wui Sail
From San Francisco May 26
s:nn«ctIngT at Seattle with th» Cornpaays N«w
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR .
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
Th* Senator made five trips to Nome l*»t
rear, being; ona ot the first to arrlvo ther».
landlnsr all her passengers and frelsbt without
Iom. mishap or material delay.
For passenirer rates apply TICKET OTFXCSL
4 New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Oen. A«ts.. ,
\ r - ¦¦-.• t ¦ - 10 Market strat.
. . . . ¦
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
FOR ,
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And AH Points oa Yukon Ri? er.
Sailing Dates Subject to Chans*.
Ftom San Francisco. From Seattls.
Alay K... S. R. "PORTI^AND „
June 1 S. 8. "ST. PAUL." Jun» 9
May 25 «S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June W
•"CONEUACOH" ' carries freight and Ut«
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANT.
110 Sansome st.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
ISW T0BK. SCtTTHASIPTOM. tOTOOW. PAKT3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul May 25iSt. Louis June M'
St. Louis June 5 St. Paul July 10
St. Paul June 19) St. Louis July 17
RED STAR LINE.
New/ York and Antwerp.
Prom New York Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington May 23 Southwark ......Juns W
•Zeeland ........June S 'Vaderland June 2*
Fiiesland June 12 Kensington July 3
•Stop at Cherbourg, east bound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
CHAfl. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Padfle Coast. JO Montgomery it.
toyo mm kaishaT
STEAMERS WILT, LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan «tr«»t*. at t n. m
for YOKOHAMA and HOXOKONO. calling at
Kob* (Hlpfo), Nagasaki and Shanghai arnt
ronnectlns; at llongkonr with ittamin for
India. «te. No cargo rccttved . on board oa
cay of •alllnc.
*8. AMBRICA MA nu. Wednesday. May ». 1»U
«S. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday. June K. l»l
Sf«. NIPPON MARU..Wcdnt*day. July 17. 1*01
Round-trip tickets at reduced rau«. Fo»
frelfrht and passage apply At company's of3c«.
421 Markat street, corner First.
w. n. Avr.nr. o»n»r«i Ag»nt.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA PUDAMHRICANA DE VAPORER
To Valparaiso. «topptn«; at Mexican, r-ntrtl
and South American ports. Sdlllns; Fremont*
street, wharf. 12 m,
PALKNA May VITrCAPKL June 27
COLOMBIA ....JunelJlAnEQUtPA ....Julv..
There stenm*rsare Imllt exiprensly . for Cen-
tral nnd South American r*i<<8«ns;er *<>rvlr«>.
(No change at Arapulco nr Panama.) Frelaht
and pannensMfr offlr* 21A California street.
nALFOKR. OUTHRIK & CO.. Qgn. Agentn.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEBS.
FOni^Illi^^
Steamer " Montlcello.**
MON.. TUES.; WED.. THURS. , AND SAT.
it 9:45 a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thnrs-
dc night); Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays.
10:80 a. m.. 8 p. m. Landing and office. Mls>
clon-at Pock. Pier No. 8. Telephone Mala It*.
I Fire Light So WHHE JFRffl IM^B^IH B&JI Our Tclc P hone ls j*
f On special tale this week— S P^i^-^- __ «»_ __ __.^Vfg EXCliangC i
If MOfOr-SBOGm,; . cajjFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE SOlm *
I £Sm Millinery. 50c and 60c I
i WS( Special Cut Prices. Chatties, J
tt ' \^jr~L ' I 2 - 50 Walking Hats cut to $L7S — These novelty hats, O£5£? W USTgim ' x
5 "¦¦'¦ ¦ " mm5« ¦' ~«sh Milan fancy st«w with white .carf and long treamer.; .'so a w off , . fc j n J
K ¦ s^J-SSr**^- fins chip, trimmed with silk scarf ani large quiLs; ieg- tf# _-» • j- j *
5 M^^-^k u '^y &S°-to-da V and to-morrow. 9'' 75 of the year in a dainty and ever- •,
K ?§I?frS>£r><s2£^3^'i*3« .*- -»¦ - . '— ,, « \ .... t> - j i xj popular summer fabric; about 1200 5
* %130 DCal Ha^ a " an $2 - 25 ~ FanC > r mlXCd r " 1 "^ yard, of Sported wool ChaiEn. a su^ior \
K ;*t&>&4M^g waiian Straw Hats; rcgu'arly $3. 50-cut to....... -g« a* . quj'ity, in very pretty floral effects, stripes ««
K *^r£^ '*^^~ '••¦¦• •¦¦•;•¦¦•••••'•' ' • «M»^*^»# anl fio jj ca j ot3> - n right- and <jar!c «t
* .-''¦•Wl^v wBT - $4.95 Trimmed Millinery— New line just out of our own grounds; as « c han but a limited quinary, £
•f ' ¦ '¦&¦. ,, : Bt' , . ., .. , " . ", , . - • . •• 1 ' - •¦ it is advisable to conce culv before tre assort- «r
5 \ T B a 1 ot jt ood materals, iresh and sty.ish; - fa Qffa •{
$ h&4 spedil to-day and iomorro-x. V§>mV9 fO ld .egalarly at S oc and 60c per O«^ £
»; .-^2^1^ • Ready-io-wear Hats all greatly reduced. . yaH ; to-day only sj«llr 5
ist.45 Pajamas 97c $40.00 Lace Net jgm. \
ft F;annele'te Pajamas in neat woven patterns; the - . ¦ -fc^* — » Jpf\ /** t™%til*£k *
I st^Bf .**?.£: .-£ Skirts $25.00. fei |
ft and pocket and fastens with four handsome Thes: beautiful silk-lined Lice Net SHrtS, tWO p3tte"ns, TO^^&S^«i Jt
*£ (rogs; regu'arlv Si-45 P" suic 5 on «P ecial heavy net and point d'esprit, tr'mmcd all over w"th silk ;^^^^^^ .*
f Eale to-day (Wednesday) only.. „ «. niching;' made over block taffeta silk dfOp skirt. #£&&$$& J
Ji ' ' LlllL— : .-•",•. 1 hese are ready-to-wear, and you get tnem lor less B5xt|3t5*£v^m* %
K BOATS' &3 j—" 3s». than the price of lace net. R g- ffiff% jfiP
* Wa*h (W^ nhrly $^0.00— to-day only.... nP^&*W *
tt SliitS XzJ * 1-0 ° Shirt Waists 48c — A s P lcndid new solid- *5
>f fg+mm »5f 79 colored Chambray Waist, pearl buttons, soft y^^^^^S •*
% tVr vj* m t&^l&Sh ' cuff£ » Iarest frfns and backs » co'ors— oxb'ood, blue and j^^S^^^^^^^^l «5
\ \ SSS5 % Lasi D *y of framed Pictures |
Jj fat h.nd--,a ? j^ro--- T^ |I» RlfybOlt Sale. ¦ TBOm J
\ ? '^5r*£ Mm f^M^^^Z^M
S titv otRu^an Bo«" W 1 °i J 1 "" /^ SC "° n i $ . chm « St °«d .and platinotype finish light subject,; %
6f S-'its in this 'ot worth W 111 nbbons — nove.ties and plain colors framed in green or b'-ack, and in square, oval Jf
K every cent of $3.00: the ' |f \ M 1 — in good all-sillc qualities. and. circle Aligns, with pretty gold-tpped J
|^j?vi^-'JMp S§ f-a fiS^; i inc h « rr-^ISWS: $
S r «f.7fl wide;, m handsome colors; a-so plan taffeta them en special sa.'e for Wedn.s- _-» -J
{ "X on y #^ I "» navy or tan; 15c and aoc qualities f • . onl 78 O 5
ij Speciais To-Day. t^SEgj J^^SSSfJ^ This dock $1.13. *
If Eggs— Fancy Ranch Eggs, on special ta!e to- and miL'inery purpofes; aoc quality p ->, . JV
£' day only, .per doz:n... i7G .. to-day, per yard ...12C (B&ek c I'M ?£
| Evapo,.ted App!es-,he bet quality, to-day Jgg-jSg Ribbon-4^ and 5 inch; in S-JSSStK:''!
SworcesteshlreSauce-LeV&'Penin^'t'o-oy, [««y eoler, also all-silk fancy weave ribbons M^^^M J ith S
V D . r w te 23n In nch cf]f - ctf 5 2 5 C vaIue5 5 tiC «Jf^ Wf/^-^K^ei fiowerandgiltdcc-.tr
$ Tomatoes-Standard pack, 4 tins 28C FrI " ' PCr yirJ "^ - ' D W|K *-^S W °™ tl ° n ' °" /w !J «
X Grape-Nuts— The brain focdj rrguarly 15c a Fancy Loulsine Weave Ribbon— colld co'ois; i$34? ***" 4" \ * T r t~ 5
g package, to-day % a packages 25p the 30c quality; to-day, per yard fQ J&^&S^-S lif^'a %
J Snider" s Catsup— The b:it in the market; ri v ItfC ti=t^Lii2&Qiif^l& $tm 1 0 §
tf bolt-'es regu'ar'y 25c, to-day only IQc ®?> ,&&& " -*
X Hunter Rye Whfs'koy- *-*» « y .-*+*-* -— fflBZ%&&^Sft v White «
J $l. 35 F r botrle, special to-iay Q - Goif SMHS 47C SMMi^m?< ' AJnlZ S"
I °$--J iJ-YYu-f M^ Oilf Shirt, the well-known LVred W^W^^ 0^^ *
$-;N ver before, so/d at this, price— Brand> w:th , eparate cuffj . good pattcrns ( (JICS IQc %
jtf limit 2 bottles tO a CUStOiner. ¦ and colorings, the kiriH that regularly sslli 50 pieces of shetr white organdies for graduation X
5 Port cr Sherry Wine— Tab'e Quality; rero-» for 75c, but the maker has too many and dresse>, waists, etc., n:w chiffon finish; 3* {[
J larly 75c a gal'on, to-day. ... .'..'.".. .SSO closed out the surp!us stock to us at about inches wide; makes up well: and at to-day's « ¦
j? Bavarian Malt Extract — None bttter: regj- half pricrs; pur-ip:cial sale price _ ' very jpe.ial sale price cos's per Jt
tt Jarly $l. 75 a dozen, to-day .$1 SO for Wcdnesiay only ..'.*tYC yard IUC S
I LeOn I VfUKIi or A5fies I
Rrl/MTskirr Costs only m
M 1 liin 1 rXriNrii' l/2 cent m
p&,Bv^it.B a-AirLnUL an hour H
F i i£HT WFSAHT Canbc Moved!
TVLBUIBB Anywhere M
war ftrc sow© of the
W advantages of the NJ
S Wickless p b S I
1 i^lQ^jSto^e ]
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Hss^«sr^ SA ME SHAPE ¦
BK TWO QUALITIES yB
BH Warn
World Famous Mariani Tonic
MOST EFFECTIVE OF ALL
TONICS.
MOST AGREEABLE TO
THE TASTE.
' All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
. have been in use over fifty
, years by the- leaders of the.
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure- the
worst cases In old and - young
arising from effects of' self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. ¦ Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-<
ry. Loss of Semen, mm, ~^ Vericocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne£j fj rvous Twltchlnx
of Eyelids. Effects £Z-£=L* * « Immediate.
Impart vigor andCCJVTSpotency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand. "•- Restore small, undeveloped "organs.
Stimulate the brain and* nerve centers; Mo a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. ¦ Cir-
culars free. ¦ Address BfSHOP REMEDY Co..
40 Ellis st., San Francisco.' Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. SS and tO Third st.
i VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
i gj 1051 HABZXT ST. tit. 6±*7± , 8T.CH. i
T l^T - The I.»r|/e«t Anatomical Museum In the \
m — Jfc— ' WorlU. Weaknesses er any cnn<r*cted M
V JPfttK disrate pMlliicljrarml by the oldest T
% IjgMl Specialist on the Coast. Est 36 years. 0
j Jfffl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ InRl Consultation free and strictly prlrate. \
m a UV B Traaiment personally nr by letter. A B
fl flrnP Pttitivt Curt in every case undertaken. T
i PIT lift • Write for Book. PBILOHUrOY*! A
V * II if MAnniAtiK. MAILED FREE. (Af
¦1 '¦¦",¦ ft • II '.. '• Mluable book for mfn) 1 , ' • \
¥ OB. JORDAN A CO.. 10SI Market £!t..R. F. "
DR, NG TOY;REE
Has Recently Removed
From 704 Sncrnmin'o fit.
, . 210 STOCKTON ST. ,
g, Opp. Union Square.
£» \ San ' Francisco, > CaI.
I -j | -I . Han ¦ recently estnblUhed
fr\r B ' the Tea and Herb Sanltar-
V^ V ' um in this city. All man-
1 1-f ' r : r.fT of disease, both ext«r-
r j^T . nal nnd Internal, ami ull
S\fT JL. mnnnrr of local illaeasH
arn tklllfully treated with-
assBM • MmmwFmm out performing any kind
mfrk^JwJOnSr of operation whatever.
Toothache curcl frpe.
Offlc-o hours-10-12 a. m.,
2-5 p." m.', 7-9 p. ,m. dally. Telephona Red 1605.
DR. CROSSMAIM'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fei* ' the ¦_* Cnro o! . Gonorrhoea. - Gleets.
; ' 6trictures and analogous complaints -
-\,' < of tha Or&mnm of Generation..
Price; II a bottle. For sale by druggist*.FROM a summary given by the Eastern press of
a report just published showing the work accom
plished by the New York College of Forestry
of 1 Cornell University it appears that despite the fact
that the college liaYbeen in operation but three years,
it has demonstrated that forest cultivation in' this
country can be made profitable in a pecuniary sense
as well as inthe way of indirect benefits through, the
protection of watersheds and the conservation of the
streams through the summer.
SCIENTIFIC SILVICULTURE.
- So many orders were secured. Indeed, as
to'keep anumber of .neighborhood .women !
busy in -Texas Valley, near.- Fouches. Gap,
for several years, 1 until "another, fair;-. In
Atlanta,' In 1899, '• afforded another . oppor
tunity • for > displaying . the . hand 1 weaving. '
At ¦ that ' time . the ,: Georgia . Federation ; of
Women's Clubs had ; entire 1 charge of ,' the
exhibit -of •women's ; work, the (eanie
Fabrics From Mountain Looms.
"Such'is the case, near -Rome; .Ga., and
thither in excursions from' her neighbor
ing plantations went /Mrs. I Lindsay John
son, president of the Georgia Federation
of Women's Clubs. She found the.great
est destitution and need of some sort of
profitable employment .. for the women,
whoso lives are ..dreary beyond, descrip
tion. In most of the homes were found
the old-fashioned hand loom.", and, in
many, the spinning wheel still in use. The
weaving, was, however." done Only in sufr
flcienf quantity to supply '•, the \wants •of
each family. . '¦ ¦ ' ';
Mrs. "Johnson; grasping the possibilities
of the situation, and aided , by; her hus^
band,' himself deeply interested in the de
velopment of his section of the country,
succeeded in bringing one . mountain wo
man and a .hand loom, , with- manv, 1 pro
ducts • to the Cotton . States and ¦ Interna
tional Exposition ;• held ,in Atlanta, -. in
1895-6. To Induce a weaver to come was a
most difficult task. 1 . Some of the iwomen
who were: glad -to work at "home and
thankful to earn the money ; could only
be persuaded to -say, in explanation of
their refusal, that "he", did not like it.
The same excuse; in other, terms, is some
times given by women further up in the
social scale. -. .¦ - :.
, One "'Was, 'however, finally induced to
make the Journey, to Atlanta and -the ex
position;. There thousands of persons
from every section saw. the work and be
came Interested In > It and ••many, of tfcem
gave orders.'*: ""'¦; : j . ¦ . ¦-/:.
Mrs. Lindsay, Johnson's Efforts.
It is a far cry from William Morris and
the Kelmscott shop to the Georgia moun
taineer at Fouches Gap, and yet an arts
and crafts movement has been initiated
in the latter placo, which, however hum
bly, recapitulates the thought of the great
English master. . ;
/The mountaineer* of North Georgia, in
common 1 with those of North Carolina;
Tennessee and Kentucky, the other States
of the Appalachian highlands, are a primi
tive people, among whom life has moved
in the same channels for many, hundreds
of years. Their Ignorance explains their
prejudice, and their, bravery, honesty and
occasional fruitless industry, speak of
greater capabilities within them. • '¦
The genuine highlands are 'remote, from
civilization." but • there . are boundary -dis
tricts In which the "mountain white," in
his untcrrlfled Illiteracy and shlf tlessness,
lies geographically near to the great world
>of which; he knows so little. .". . : ¦
Hand Work of the Mountaineers.
•Even the William Morris products, with
their • illuminating trade-mark of "Not
How Cheap, but How Good," required, to
be expounded and elucidated before the
British public knew' how, much it desired
them. ', \ . _:.:'..'•'¦:• »:¦••.: .,' ;,¦-¦¦
The whole business of hand work has
fallen so thoroughly into desuetude in the
United States that the dying embers of it
must be fanned and cherished,
and after the work is done a.market must
be created, almost artificially at first, for
since hand work must always cost more
than the -products of the machine, the
public must be Interested in the subject
of crafts and acquainted with the excel
lencies and advantages of hand, work be
fore it will see a reason for paying a
larger sum for what seems, superficially;
the same article. '¦' .,
.To suggest the possibility and the prac
ticability of hand work to those capable of
doing It and to aid in finding a market
for such work when done have been found
needful fields of influence in which clubs
and club women have proved most effec
tive. :¦> ¦•;: ¦•¦¦..•- - !
'Not necessarily so. Hero comes In the
HUgKcfltlvo value of an organized body
poeoettsed of Intelligence and influence.
The share which women's clubn may have
in the arts and crafts movement in Amer
ica consists more tn what they may en
able others to do than In what they shall
do themselves. , .
"Hut how?" asks some ona. "Are the
club women who are interested in hand
crafts themselves craftsmen?"
Following the \mu\ of thin central,com
lriltti.', of which Mi'M. A. II. Hrnekwity of
Brooklyn is ,now. chairman, clubs all over
tho country. have added arts and crafts
«l» liut in<*ntM uml dovoted tlmo, attention
and Influence * to tho promotion of the
hand-craft idea. •
Bo they speak the ganlus and dovelop
munt of our own pepitle we shall be con
tent, knpwlng well that that genius and
that rtiiv'ulopiiitiMt will he constantly huk
mentcd and magnified by tiuch exprenslon.
" Fostering Hand Work In America. ¦
True it is that the Occidental nations
have ever lacked that subtle necromancy
of touch which makes of the products of
the Orient wonders of the world. It Is
equally true that our own new world has
found neither place nor time for the beau
tics of European hand work, but for this
latter deficiency there have been reasons
which do not, perhaps, argue a lack of
artiwtlc possibilities. Though the. hand
products of tha western world may never
equal those of tha Orient they may cer
tainly attain an admirable degree of
ixauty and-excellonce and be. found ox*
prooslve of our life and civilization.
The General Federation of Women's
Clubs has a strong central committee,
which has done much to stimulate inter
est in and desire for hand products. Its
chairman, Mrs. Herman J. Hall of Chi
cago, with an able corps of assistants, ar
ranged at the last biennial convention of
women's clubs in Milwaukee an exhibit
ol arts and crafts which was of unex
celled value and significance of interest.
The handwork of ail nations appeared tn
wonclerf ul • and dazzling array, ¦ metal,
Jewels, -wood, lace, leather and all the
wonderful weaves of the Orient testifying
to the art of the old world' craftsman.
Few and pale in comparison seemed the
rugs and pots, the draperies and the carv
ings which stood for "home products,"
but of unspeakable Interest to the loyal
American, who saw in them the promise
of unfolding beauty and development both
of the art and the artist.
Work by the General Federation.
'.- Social telesis, as a great social philos
opher has aptly named this effort of.so
clety.faa a whole,' to assist socialevolu
tion, is manifesting itself more andr^e
strongly in afl the movements of the <*W,
and such a group as is constituted by the
club women of the United States should be
a potent factor in observing and fostering
social tendencies, v
A notable instance in this direction is to
be found in the great and growing inter
est 'of American club women in tne new
movement toward democratic art and its
expression, which is manifesting itself so
strongly in the United States to-day.
Never before has there been such a ten
dency to make art a part of the dally life
of all the people and to draw from the
simplest individuals some product of the
hand inspired by the individual mind.
The club women of America have done
and are doing much to foster this ten
dency for individual hand production,
which is raising- its head feebly enough
amid the endless profusion of machine
made products. ' : ':¦¦•
The work of women's clubs falls under
two heads— what they do and what they
suggest. ¦
Every discussion must take into consid
eration these two distinct lines of influ
ence and there can be little question that
the abstract field of suggestion is quite as
important as the concrete one of actual
endeavor. ;
.Society Is only Just reaching that stage
in evolution when it perceives Its "ten
dencies" and consciously strives to foster
them.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
XIV.— ARTS AND CRAFTS WORK OF SOUTHERN" CLTJBS.
By Mrs.John K. Ottley,
MEMBER OP THE. INDUSTRIAL. COMMITTEE OF THE GENERAL. FEDER
ATION OF WOMEN'S CLUBS AND CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE ON
. WORKING WOMEN. • . ''
What Organizations of American Women
Are Doing to Make Art a Prominent
Part of Their Daily Lives.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
was true of the fair In the autumn of
1900. On both occasions Mrs. . Johnson's
hand weavers created great Interest by
weaving on the loom at certain hours and
by a beautiful exhibit of coverlids of va
rious designs and colors,' towel.i, draperies
and similar products.
All sold well and many orders were
taken- each year which the weavers filled
during the long summer and winter
months that elapsed between exhibits.
The blue and white cotton 1* particu
larly popular for draperies and portieres
in seaside cottages, where it denes the sea
air, refusing to Decrfme "slimpsy," as may
bo said of few other fabrics. . "
.. One purchaser ordered a hundred yards
of this product for cottage draperies,
while many buyers have been delighted
with their quaint blue and white fringed
counterpanes. . • • .
Linens and Silk Scrap Draperies.
Some beautiful hand-woven linens have
been produced for sheets and towels, but
the cost of the flax necessitates so consid
erable an Investment that this feature of
the industry must needs wait on orders or
further capital.
Good success has attended ' the weaving
of the silk scrap draperies which axe so
effective for portieres, dlyan covers and
similar uses. The same 'product which
can be woven in New York for $1 a yard
can be woven in the mountains of North
Georgia for about 10 cents a vard. In
each case the silk scraps are, of course,
furnished by the customer.
Mrs. Nellie Peters Black of Atlanta,
whose farming interests also border on
the mountain district, has found similar
interests to foster. ¦ ¦ -
From Pine Log come, besides the weav
ing, old-fashioned silk quilts, hand-made
hats, and some interesting specimens of
basketry in which cornstalks, pine needles
and broomstraw are used with really ex
cellent effect. . .
Exhibits of all these products are made
not only at the State fairs, which are the
best markets, but at the various women's
clubs of the State, and thus a steady and
increasing demand for the hand wares
has been produced, which has- proved
mutually advantageous. to producer and
consumer. One must needs know the
homes and - the home life of the women
who do the handweaving to realize what
the coming of ready cash must mean to
them.
Hope for Rag-Carpet Weavers.
Of course the rag carpets are among the
Eroducts of the mountain craftswomen,
ut as yet the results have not been par
ticularly satisfactory. Some Instruction
in color combination, however,' can bring
this product up to the level of the other
wares and can produce strips equal to
those sold through the Roycrofters, at
East Aurora as the work of "Rovcroftle
gtrls 70 years young."
Although the mountain women are
those for whom • southern club women
have done most, the movement has by no
means ended there. Hand craftsmen
have been developed and encouraged both
among club women and elsewhere. Some
very excellent exhibits have been marie
at the clubs- of hand carving, both In
pieces of furniture and In smaller apccN
mena of burnt wood, carved and burnt
leathar, hammered brass,- plaiting - and
weaving;
An -effort has been i made, to divert the
talent of nom» young artlits from .the
painting of largo pictures which nobody
wantM to- the execution of beautiful and
artlxtlo dlnnnr curds, menu cards and
Christmas and Easter gifts— things, In
•inert, which people really want and In
the preparation of which artistic Ability
may find a genuine expression that the
big, undeslred oil painting would never
show. • * i
Arrnnfflnpf 'for a' Market.
A' number of mIch have been mnde of
alt tho articles above mentioned and for
the ensuing autumn a great stile' is
planned at the Women's Club In Atlantn,
nt which every .variety of hand work,
ranging from carved wood to embroid
eries, will be offered to those In search of
holiday ¦ gifts. There seems little duubt
that purchasers, as well as craftsmen,
will be pleased at this opportunity to ae
curo gifts of a novel and unique character,
each Dearing- the "hand-made" .mark.
One embyro bookbinder has been found
who, with legal calf and some simple in
struments,/ has produced good results. :
Among humbler craftsmen like efforts
have been made toward encouragement
and direction. Manufacturers of root and
branch settees and chairs, so fearfully
and wonderfully made as to be objects of
curiosity, but not of utility, have been
induced to substitute for ¦ these wares
neat, strong, well-made chairs, as tables
and lawn Beats of white hickory,, perfect
in every part and standing squarely on all
four legs alike. - , ¦ .- • • . ;
Work of Negro Craftsmen.
The work of some negro craftsmen has
been encouraged. ; They have done par
ticularly well in basketry, mainly in large
pieces, such as clothes hampers and waste
baskets made of willow withes. These are
pretty In white and when stained with
analine dyes, in bright reds and greens,
they give a picturesque Indian effect.
That so little of that effect appears In our,
art products to-day marks the crowning
loss Of American crafts.
That the wonders of -Indian pottery and
basketry, at once so unique and so char
acteristic, should have been permitted to
lapse and disappear from the art of our
nation was an error as inexplicable as it
waa irreparable. The remains of.,thls
aboriginal art may be stimulated some
what in. the "West and Northwest, but in
the South, where "the red man -in some
what isolated Instances appeared within
the writer's recollection,- no trace is left
of his crafts, .the secrets of which should
In an> important respect the Nantucket lightship
service differs from what has been done hitherto. The
former enterprises made use of wireless telegraphy for
temporary purposes; it was applied only for special
occasions. The service now established by the Herald
is to be permanent. It is to continue until science and
invention have devised better methods. At present it
represents the best in*the world and will be of vast
benefit to the public. A saving of fifteen hours in
getting news from trans-Atlantic steamers is an event
of high importance, and the whole commercial world
may be congratulated on the enterprise of our New
York contemporary.
By reason of its relations with the Herald % The Call
will have the benefit of the improved service, and thus
will again be a sharer in the advance made in tele
graphing without wires. It will be remembered that
The Call was the first paper to apply wireless teleg
raphy to the service of newsgatheringwhen it obtained
from a vessel off the Golden Gate the announcement
of the arrival of the transport bringing home the Cal
ifornia volunteers from the Philippines. The next
notable work with wireless telegraphy was done when
the Herald and The Call reported the international
yacht races off Sandy Hook from a steamer that fol
lowed the yachts and dispatched reports of every fea
ture of the race as it occurred, thus getting the news
far ahead of papers that relied upon the old methods.
BY the New York Herald there has been estab
lished on Nantucket lightship a system of wire
less telegraphy, by which news of incoming
steamers from Europe will be received fifteen hours
earlier than at present. A gain of that much in time
is an important factor to all interests that are affected
by steamer news, and consequently the establishment
of the improved service is one of the most notable
things that have been accomplished thus far by the
wirfcless method of telegraphing.
IMPROVED NEWS SERVICE.
have been engrafted upon our people and
•fostered as the most truly American art.
This effort to stimulate and foster art
expression has proved wonderfully inter
esting, and if sometimes our "swans
have turned out geese we have not been
too much cast down. . ,~
How an Enthusiast Was Disappointed
I remember one rather amusing Incident
of dashed expectancy in the case of a club
¦woman : who was an 'ardent proraulga tor
of the arts and crafts. movement and was
constantly on the watch for hopeful ma
terial from which to develop a craftsman.
One day a servant brought to her bed
room a tabouret mado of bamboo and
matting, but executed by the hand of a
skilled workman. He reported that a man
at the door wished to sell It. The club
woman was all interest at once. A Geor
gia countryman who could make a tabou
ret like that was a treasure. Buying the
llttlo specimen, she cent word to tho
maker to como back with other work
when she could see him. The wife of the
American Minister to Japan was present
and Paid mildly that it looked very like
Japanese workmanship. The club woman,
however, protested that there was no rea
pon why every good pleoe of Joiner's worlt
done in bamboo should be necessarily
Japanese*'' ¦ •
It was a blow when the craftsman ap
peared a few days later and proved to bo
a full-blooded Japanese to whom English
was still an unknown quantity.
The club woman took her disappoint
ment generously, ordering fascinating 1 tea
table* and porch chairs for a summer
cottage. Sundry younjr American crafts
men, seeing the work, were Induced to
emulate It.
Growing Demand for Sand Work.
There can be little doubt that this move
ment for hand work, with Its excellenco
of execution and Its Individual expression.
Is to be more than a passing fad in Amer
ica, That a market is to be afforded
among us Is evident from such facts a»
the well known one that the ateliers of
numerous artists of to-day have been
turned Into workshops, -with orders for
hand-made furniture pressing for execu
tlcn.
The same demand seems easy to creats
In every department of the hand crafts,
and In creating this demand and stimu
lating the production which shall, with
increasing excellence, fill it, lies a great
field for Interesting 1 /and valuable effort
on the part of the American club woman.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A. "W. Maltby. a vineyardlst of Concord,
Is at the Grand.
t 8. A.D. Prleler, a prominent resident of
Eureka, Is at the Palace.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan
Is a. guest at the Palace.
"Walter F. Parker, secretary of the Stata
Board of Equalization, la at the Grand.
A. C. Kuhn, a furniture dealer of San
Jose, registered at the Palace yesterday.
"W. P. Thomas, a prominent attorney of
Uklah, is spending: a few days at the
Grand.
United States Senator J. McMillan of
Michigan left for. the East yesterday after
several weeks' sojourn on the coist. He
is accompanied by his wife and family.
Peter Spreckels. brother of Claus
Spreckels; arrived at the Palace yesterday
from Del Monte accompanied by his wife.
Mrs. Spreckels is greatly benefited after
her visit to the southern part of the State.
CALIFORNIA^ IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. May 2L— The following
Caltfornlans have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh — G. Leonard, Los Angeles*, and
Bruce Hayden, San Francisco: Arlington—
M. C. Chapman, wife and child, Oakland.
AUSWEBS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CHANGE OF FAITH-B., City. An In
dividual who desires to change from any
religion to the Jewish faith must comply
with all the canons of the synagogue.
TO BECOME PRESIDENf-A. 8.. City.
The direct answer to the question. "Is a
forelan-born Individual eligible to the of
flco of President of the United States of
America?" Is, He la not, for th« constitu
tion of the United States says: "No per*
Hon exfeept a natural borrk citizen, or a ctt-
Iwn of the United States at th'a time of
tho adoption of this constitution, shall ix»
rllfilblo to the otneo of President." Hut
It has been held that "th« children of per
sons who now are or have been rltUen-t
of tho United Btattm are,, although born
out of the limits nn<1 Jurisdiction of th»
United • Btatcs, considered a» citizen %
thereof," and there are some who claim
that such would be eligible to the Preslr
dency. but that question has never been
brought up In a court, consequently thera
Is no decision upon It.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cat. glaco fruit EOo per lb at Towosend's.*
Best eyeglasses, specs. 10 to 40c: look out
for 81 4th. front of barber and grocery. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel buudina.'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
The first -woman to be arrested under
the New Orleans ordinance forbiddlner the
wearing: of high hats In theaters was aa
actress. She was fined $15.
"It Is TTp to You."
¦We hare made a very low round-trip rate
to the Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo,
and the comfortable Nickel Plate trains, with
Nickel Plate dining: cars serving . American
Club meals at 35c to ?1 each. Insure you a
pleasant trip. Book free showing Pan-Ameri
can views. Buffalo hotel accommodations re
served. JAT W. ADAMS. P. C. P. A.. «
Crocker bulldlni. San Francisco, CaL
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Corcnado,
Coronado Beach. Cat. effective after April 15.
JW for round trip. Including; IS days at hotel*
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery »t.
Avoid baldness, stray hair, dandruff and thta
lecka by using Parker's Hair Balsam.
, Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 eta.
During a recent epidemic of diphtheria
in a town on the Hudson. 205 cases were
treated with serum, and among these
there were only two deaths. ,
The Democratic Review for November, 1839, re
commended that canal treaties be made with the
Central American governments and England, France,
Holland and Russia. Clayton made the first of these,
with England, now known as the Clayton-Bulwcr
treaty, and yet the project is but little farther advanced
than when the monk united the oceans in the ravine
of Raspadura, one hundred and fourteen years ago.
In 1835 John M. Clayton promoted an inquiry
in Congress, and the result was an exhaustive report
with appendix containing the opinion of Mr. Radcliff,
to the effect that what is now known as the Panama
route was the preferable route. /* :
' The next effort was a grant to Baron de Thierry to
build a canal by aid of the rivers Chagres and Grande
and the Bay of Limon. Santander/ President of New
Granada, made this contract. De Thierry was an usher
in Cambridge University v and in that capacity met
some chiefs from New Zealand, who, in a freak, con
ferred upon him letters patent as "Sovereign Chief of
New Zealand." When he solicited the canal grant from
Santander he insisted upon the use of that title, and
when it was not employed his zeal for the canal abated.
He was a mere adventurer. This brings the history of
the canal up to 1835 and the organization of Biddle's
company and its failure.
Simon Bolivar, the Liberator, while ruler of Co
lombia, gave much attention to a canal. He employed
Lloyd, ah Englishman, and Falmarck, a Swede, both
engineers, to investigate the subject, and they reported
in England to the Royal Society and the Royal Geo
graphical Society. Bolivar, at Guayaquil, in 1829, de
clared to an American gentleman that, having brought
the war between Colombia and Peru to a victorious
conclusion, he intended, on his return to Bogota, to
employ his army in building the canal. But Bolivar
was compelled by failing health to resign and soon
after died. It is believed that, had he lived and con
tinued in power, the employment of his tremendous
energy and talents would have assured the completion
of the work.
After this failure President Jackson sent Mrv Bid
die to Central America to negotiate for a canal. But
Biddle was unequal to the task arid his mission was a
mortifying failure.
Next a Dutch company ,wns formed under the
patronage' of the King of Holland. General Vcrvecr
was sent by the King to Central America. This project
was defeated by the Belgian revolution.
After their separation from Spain the Central
American governments began immediately to con
sider an isthmian canal. September 18, 1824, the En
glish house of Barclay & Co., representing a company
composed of American merchants, made proposals to
Central America for the construction of a canal by the
San Juan and Lake Nicaragua. This proposition seems
to have aborted, but in June, 1826, Charles de
Beneski, representing American capitalists, made a
contract for a canal by that route. The contract set
forth that the canal should admit merchant ships of
the largest class and be open to all nations on equal
terms. Possessed of the contract, Mr. Palmer exe
cuted a deed of trust to DffWitt Clinton, Stephen Van
Rensselaer, C. D. Colden, Philip Hone and Lynde
Catlin, by which they were made commissioners to
superintend the organization of the "Central, American
and United States Atlantic and 'Pacific Canal Com
pany." A financial crisis, and political disturbances on
the isthmus, killed that project.
The fifth was by the same river Atrato and its trib
utary, the Quito. The waters of the latter approach
near to a stream called the San Juan; emptying into
the Pacific. Between the two is a small ravine called
De la Raspadura... Humboldt says that a monk of
great enterprise, cure of the village of Novita, em
ployed his parishioners to dig a small canal in that
ravine, through which, and by the rivers, canoes
loaded with cacao pass from sea to sea, and that this
communication between the oceans was in operation
in 1788, and was unknown in Europe!
The fourth was by the river Atrato, which, witl\ its
tributary, the Napipi, is navigable to within eighteen
miles of the Bay of Cupica on the Pacific.
Humboldt, in his "Political Essay on the Kingdom
of New Spain," enumerated five different routes for
the canal. The first is within the limits of Mexico,
from the Bay of Tehuantepec ' on the Pacific to the
Bay of Campeachy on the Gulf, following the rivers
Chimalapa and Huasacualco, whose navigable waters
approach to within twenty miles of each other. The
second was the Nicaragua route by the San Juan River
and Lake Nicaragua. The third was by the. Isthmus
of Panama, requiring a canal only thirty miles long,
and was most favored by Humboldt.
• Again, in 1788, Jefferson wrote: "With respect to
the Isthmus of Panama, I am assured by Burgoin that
a survey was made; that a canal "was practicable, and
that the idea was suppressed for political reasons alto
gether. He has seen and minutely examined the re
port. This report seems to me a vast desideratum for
reasons practical and philosophical."
THE proposition for an isthmian canal, to connect
the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, is by no means
new. It did not even originate in the nineteenth
century. It had birth long before the age of railroads,
and preceded the adoption of steam power on the water.
The Edinburgh Review of January, 1809, spoke of it as
"the mightiest event in favor of the peaceful inter
course^ nations which the physical circumstances of
the globe presents to the enterprise of man." But at
that date the discussion of the canal was far advarfecd.
In 1787 Jefferson, 1 then our Minister to France, in a
letter to Mr. William Carmichael at Madrid said: "I
have been told that cutting through the Isthmus of
Panama, which the world has so often wished and
supposed practicable, has at times been thought of by
the Government of Spain, and" that they proceeded
once so far as to have a survey and examination made
of the ground; but that the result was either imprac
ticability or too great difficulty."
SOME CANAL HISTORY.
That kind of thing .will never be written of. an
American warship again. : Our ideals have moved up
ward and forward a long way. since the old Ohio sailed
and charmed the world by her graceful beauty, but
was manned by sailors disciplined by the cat. .We
have improved in something more than in machinery
and in guns, and .the improvement is worth noting by
all who are in the habit of talking about the good old
days and mourning over the materialism of our time.
__~
The citizens of Boston can mark the difference be
tween the feelings existing toward Commodore Hull by
his ship's company " (the "Ohio ; had' 1000 officers, seamen
and marines) and that between Commodore Reed and
the crew of the frigate Columbia; then, several hundred
of the friRate's crew, after they were discharged,
paraded In front of the Tremont House in hopes to be
able to chastise him in such a manner as his cruel and
arbitrary, conduct so richly merited. '
In the course of his journal the writer says:
of s(Tventy-five lashes were common. '-Yet Commodore
Hull (who commanded the Ohio, during the » cruise
the journal describes) was _ reckoned an easy com
mander in those days." • : _
THE SAN FEA^CISCp CALL, WEDNESDAY, ;MAZ; 22, 19( >1.
Whatever view be taken of the responsibility of par
ticular individuals, it is certainly an evil that a few men
are able artificially in a time of prosperity to bring
about a panic of such large proportions. There should
be some way to fix the responsibility definitely and
then provide means'of restraining such an exercise of
power hereafter. In this case the injury was confined
to speculators, but in a time of industrial depression or
financial weakness a similar panic might affect the
whole country.
The Boston Herald attributes the crash to a set of
men who it says are simply stock gamblers. They have
no desire to control a railroad and when they purchase.
stock they do so solely for speculative purposes.
"These men," it says, "came to the conclusion that
there was a fight for control on foot between tre
mendous financial interests, and that the opportunity,
under such circumstances, for a 'corner' in the stock
was uncommonly good. The speculators who then
entered into the market as purchasers were unques
tionably the true cornerers, and they had not the least
compunction in exacting from the unfortunate seller
every ounce of flesh and blood that the terms of the
contract gave them the right to demand. It was this
outside participancy in the movement, that had not
been entirely foreseen by the two rival financial in
terests, which led to the seriousness of last week's
crisis.
There is an evident unwillingness on the part of
most of the critics of the event to name the "eminent
financiers" who are supposed to have been responsible
for it all. The men who were struggling to get posses
sion of Northern Pacific stock so as to control the
road have one and all denied having any complicity in
the corner. It is stated that two banking houses, those
of J. P. Morgan & Co. and of'Kuhn, Loeb & Co., held
between them, either in actual possession or in prom
ises to deliver, a larger number of shares than was
represented by the entire capital stock of the Northern
Pacific road, and consequently they could have formed
a corner and cinched the street had they desired. Still
there seems no reason to believe they did so, for, in
stead of taking advantage of the situation, they are
reported to have been prompt in trying to arrange a
means of relieving those who were caught.
THE CORNER AND THE CLIQUE.
HAVING studied out the recent corner in North
ern Pacific and reached the conclusion that the
whole flurry, fiom first to last, was absolutely
artificial, the people of the East arc now trying to dis
cover who arc the men that brought it about. It ap
pcart to be generally conceded that a comparatively
small number of persons organized the scheme,
worked it up, excited the speculators of the street and
then, at their own time and in their own way, precipi
tated the slump. They made some millions of money
for themselves, but they ruined an untold number of
persons who were credulous enough to risk their small
earnings in the gamble.
In commenting upon the subject the New York
Sun says: "The sudden tumble in prices on Thursday
was catised by efforts specially made by a few men to
enrich themselves through sacrificing public interests
by whipping up a storm for which nothing in the
actual conditions afforded justification. It was a panic
of purely artificial creation, of preconcerted and knav
ish manipulation, an example of the havoc which
treachery can work in the sensitive world of finance."
The United States Investor says: "The responsibility
for the appalling shake-up of the last few days can be
placed at the doors of a set of eminent financiers." ' It
adds that their immense private and corporate re
sources and their control of the banking facilities of
the country have enabled them "to embark upon the
most audacious schemes of self-aggrandizement, in the
prosecution of which they have forced upon 80,000,000
people the most terrible financial collapse on record."
WEDNESDAY.. MAY 22, loot
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Aeertu All Cen:mtinicatioa» t» W. 8. LEASE, Kiniger.
IIULICATIO.V OFFICE. . .MnrUet «n«l Tbird, S. **.
Telephone Press 201.
nDXTOItlAL nnoMS SIT to 221 Sterenson St.
T>Iepbnw# Preca 2O2.
Dellrered »»*¦ r;«rr«ers. IB Crni* Ver TTeek.
fftniri* Copies. 5 Cent*.
TVrtn« kr Mail. Including Pontnjrei
UHT CALL nncltjfltnc Pob<1«t>. ««• year K.M
PAIT-T CALI< fineludinc flunday), * month*. *•*>
PA.ILT CAI,b OnclodSnr Sunday). I monttit l.W
»AILT CALL-By BlniU Month ***¦
VTEKKLrZ CALU On* Tear • *' W
All peitmailen are antborfsea to recelT*
sabscrlptlon*. .:•¦,'•
Ctrnpl* copies «HI b» forwardtd when requested.
M«f1 w**rrrh*r* «« rrA*rttu: rhmnr* of ttMrfm «tinuM h»
rirUcotar to rl^o both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
10 Icrure * prompt and correct compltanca with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE ...111S BroadTray
C. GRORGB KHOGYRV!!.
rismgn rtrtlgn Aimtlilng, MtrqctUe Bniliiag. Chleiji.
; Oooc DUtance Telephone "Central Mil.")
JTCW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C, C CARLTOX Herald Sa««re
JCEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVT!:
ITEPHES B. SMITH 3O Trtbniie Batldlnff
KCV TORK HEWg STANDS:
WaiaoTf-Artorta Hotel: A. Brectano, n Union 8<roare:
Uurrar HIU HottL
CHICAGO XEWS STANDS!
rb*rm«n House: P. O. News Co-: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hccm; Auditorium Hotel.
BRAKCH OFFICES— CJ7 Montgomery, corner of Clay. 0P*n
until »-J» o'clock. J00 Hayee. open until »:*> o'clock. «SS
McAllister, ©pen tmtll 1:» o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t:tO o'clock. JM1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
vrtll » o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m. .
China's offer-to pay* to the powers an indemnity of
$337,000,006 ,in a series of annual installments of $10,
000,000.each is as excellent from a' diplomatic as from
a financial, point of view," for if it be .-accepted there
will be a good _ prospect of haying the arrangement
broken by some sort; of international contest long be
fore the last payments' become due. -
An illustration of the change is to be found in ex
tracts taken from a "journal of the cruise of the
United States ship Ohio.Jn the Mediterranean in the
years 1839, 1840, 1841," and published by the Boston
Transcript in connection /with the launching, of the
new Ohio. After giving an account of the many tri
umphs of the' ship at various European ports and cit
ing evidences of the admiration she excited among
naval experts of all" countries, the Transcript says:
'.'The journal gives a picture of naval discipline of
sixty years ago which makes the humanitarian of to
day shudder. The cat was used for the punishment of
all offenses that were worth punishing at all. Sentences
A CHANGED NAVAL SERVICE.
VAST as is the contrast between the magnificent
ship that bears the name Ohio in our new fleets
and the Ohio of the old days, it by no means
represents ail the changes that the passage of time and
the improvements of life have brought about in our 5
navy/ There has been in the serviceMtself a better and
a mightier change than that in. the structure of the
ships. The new Ohio is to uphold a higher American
ism among her officers and crew. than was known to
those who sailed the older one.
. Of course, data obtained in the Adirondacks affords
no. basis for estimating the productiveness of forests
in California, where the climate,the soil and the trees
are different, but.it may be safely said that if scientific
silviculture can be made profitable in New York, equal
care and skill will make it even more profitable : here.
The 'New York experiment, therefore, can be made
of .value to , us. It shows what can be done in^that
way arid should arouse in California a resolve to emu
late the example. -; ! .-
Further interesting information concerning the rate
of growth of trees in the Adirondacks is given in the
following statement: "Of the sixty maples on which
rings were counted. a diameter of twelve inches on the
stump wa3 reached b'y seven within the limits of age
from 116 to 183 years. Ten trees reached a diameter
of sixteen inches in from 172 to 240 years, and seven-,
teen trees reached a diameter of twenty- inches in 175
to 233 years, while the oldest and stoutest reached
twenty-eight inches in 280 years. Thi3 was a domi
nant tree, and probably always had favorable position,
making one inch in the average^ every ten years for
a long time, and probably representing the best that
could be expected.. The few beech that were counted
all indicate a rate similar to the maple, the best mak
ing one inch in ten to eleven years, but they are not
growingjpersistently, the largest one reaching, a dia
meter 'of , twenty-four inches. It should be stated,
however, that this particular plot was rather poor in
beech. Birch, on the other hand, showed a better
rate in all the trees counted, namely, mostly under
ten years for one inch. The oldest and stoutest, 300
years old,~measured thirty-seven inches on the stump
with a' height of about" eighty-five feet to the. tip, fur
nishing, however, only two sound logs of twenty-eight
and twenty-nine. inches diameter with nearly 800 -feet
B: M. birch of thirty-six inches diameter
and'ninety feet height showed 275 rings. '
Concerning the age of the trees in the forest and
the amount of time icquired to grow timber the re
port says: "The 2600 cubic feet of wood per acre,
to which an addition of 800 feet for the culled spruce
and the, remaining" material would be a very ample
allowance— these 3400 cubic feet have been produced
by the virgin forest in an unknown period, but, as the
age of the trees which furnish the bulk of the product
indicates not less than 175 to, 200 years — this volume
would have been produced under common silvicul
tural methods in less than one-half the time, and prob
ably, if pine and spruce are made the main crop,
twice the amount of material could be harvested in
The New York college has contracted its wood sup
ply fo a cooperage company,, which is erecting near
one of the lakes in the Adirondacks a stave and land
ing factory to utilize the logs and a wood alcohol plant
to use. the cordwood. . The trees are felled and the
logs' cut and skidded by the employes of the college,
as it is feared the contractors would not do that work
with sufficient care for the preservation of young
trees. So careful is the economy practiced in the
work that the managers expect to be able to find, a
market for every product of the woods down to brush
one inch in diameter.
6
Catfl ftvbscrlbera contemplating » chance of
residence during tbe nojmner mnntha can lmv#»
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addrr»p> by notifying Tbe Call Omineii Office.
Tfcta pn>,ior, Trill also be on aale at all lantmer
assarts and Is represented by a local agent la
all town* «n the coast. %
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYDSG TOWE FOR THE SUMMER.
Br Fr*<5 H. Chaee— Thursday. May 21. at 11 o'clock, sixty
head of driving and burtneen horses, at 173? Market street.
AUCTION SAXES.
AMUSEMENTS.
TlT-olJ— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Heartsease."
Alcazar— "The. First Born" and "Gloriana.
Grand Opera-house — "The Queen of Chinatown."
California— "Barbara Frietchie."
Central— "Shadows of a Great City."
Clympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
in Him
Fi5Cher"»— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— Benefit Children's Hospital. Saturday matinee.
June 1.
Kutro Baths— Swlmminr. ' .
EmcrrvMe Racetrack— Races to-day.
TKfe Housewife wants
riGPRUNE-notKing' else will do
The full, .delicious /flavor of FIGPRUNE, is .
a' revelation to, cereal coffee drinkers. Only
those who have -tried it, can appreciate the
-purity and delightful blend/ of FIGPRUNE
CEREAL. #
; It .;is made from' choice figs and prunes and
selected : grains—scientifically blended.
Examine package — make sure you
get the genuine article.
Brews quickly. /
f OTl/o/V ..Children enjoy it.
J . 5 U y J Boil from 5 to 1O minutes only
\»TU/o / ALL GROCERS SELL
\^J^/ F i g p r u NE Cereal.Draga at the Royal Table.
BELGRADE. May 2L— It Is officially an
nounced that Queen Draga to-day re
sumed her place at tho royal table.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CITY. OF MEXICO, May 2L— The gold
mines owned by the Omitian Exploration
Company . of New York in Guerrero Del
Oro, State of Guerrero, are surrounded by
revolutionists, according 1 to latest advices.
William Niven of New York, manager
of the mines, under date of May'9. says
that there are four Americana and sev
enty Indian ' laborers at the mines, and
they have constructed f ortifica tions .. com
manding the trails to the property. It is
thought that the purpose of the revolu
tionists is to obtain the arms of the Amer
icans. ' ' ' . • . ¦• ¦
Government troops have been dispatched
to the scene. It is hoped that they will
arrive In time to prevent the capture of
the mines. There is no telegraphic com
munication with the mines, the nearest
office being a distance of three days' ride.
The revolution Is not large, j but trouble
some.
Government Troops Are Being
Rushed to the State of
\ Guerrero.
Valuable Mexico Prop
erty Owned by Ameri-
cans Is in Danger.
REVOLUTIONISTS
MENACE MINES
FIVE-MASTED SCHOONER WILXJAM MARSTON, BUILT FOR THE SUGAR TRADE. THE INCA AND THE OLD
LOUIS ARE ABOUT THE ONL.T OTHER FIVE-MASTERS ON THIS COAST, BUT THE MARSTON IS LARGER
THAN EITHER OF THEM.
i - Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at' Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. MAY 2*.
TO ARRIVE.
FROM SEATTLE. j
syre, from Oregon.
MANILA— Arrived May 19— Ship L Schepp,
from New York.
KINSALE— Passed May 19— Br shiD Ber
muda, hence Jan 16.
HAMBURG— Arrived prior to May 20— Br
ship Halewood, from Oregon.
Sailed May 18— Br bark Cholmsford, for San
Francisco.
HIOGO— Sailed April 11— Br ship Howth. for
Royal Roads.
SHIELDS— Sailed May 18— Br ship Glen
caird, for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 20— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed May 20— Stmr Curacac,
for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Arrived May 21— Br stmr Wye
field, from Royal Roads.
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 21— Stmr Lake
Megrantlc. from Montreal.
Sailed May 21— Stmr Belgenland, for Phila
delphia.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed May 21— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 21— Stmr Bovic, for
Liverpool; stmr Lahn, for Bremen, via South
ampton; stmr Alllanca, for Colon; stmr Wells
City, for Bristol.
BOULOGNE— Arrived May 21— Stmr Maas
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded. • !
BROWHEAD— Passed May 22, 2 a m— Stmr
Servia, from New York, for Queenstown and
Liverpool. .
__*
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic. Survey-
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
May 21, 1901. - ¦ ' . '.'
The time ball on the tower ofthe new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, -.or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
- . C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U, S. N., In charge.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are. given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights] given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
for San Francisco.
Arrived May 21— Stmr Farallon, from Dyea.
Arrived May 21— Stmr Samoa, hence May IS;
stmr Roanoke, hence May 18.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived May 21— Chll
bark Bertha, from Iquique. - •
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 21-Stmr Na
tional City, hence -May 20.
Sailed May 21— Stmr Celia, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Arrived May 21— Stmr Washte
naw, hence May 17.
Sailed May 21-Stmr Walla Walla, for Se
attle.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed May 21— Br ship Pytho
mene, for Oreeon.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 21— Schr Web
foot, hence May 10; bktn Omega, from Hono
lulu. x
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 21— Schr
Lytnan D Foster, from Honolulu; Ger ship
Columbia, from Shanghai.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived May 20— Schr
Comneer, hence May 8.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 21— Schr Louisa,
for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived May 20— Stmr
Navarro, hence May 19.
PORT TCJWNSEND— Arrived May 21— Schr
Baneor. from Honolulu; schr Lyman D Fos
ter, from Honolulu.
HONOIPU— Arrived May 9— Schr J M Col
man, from Newcastle, Aus.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TOKOHAMA— Arrived May 21— Jap stmr
Nippon Maru, hence May 8. May 20— Br Etmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver.
ALGOA BAT— Arrived Aoril 25— Fr bark
Alice, from Oregon. ¦ ¦ v ¦
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 1&-Br chip Dun-
p*-r|-s;iE Occidental and Oriental Steam
jl ship Company's Coptic sailed for
|1 the Orient yesterday. There was
H a big crowd of Chinese down to
see the vessel away and some of
them would have liked very much to have
detained one of the passengers, who was
poking fun at them.
Yung Lun was, up to Saturday night
last, a female impersonator in the Chinese
theater on Jackson street. He was paid
a high salary, but fan tan and lottery
kept him always in debt. Lun finally
came to the conclusion that he would
never be able lo pay what he owned, so
he quietly packed his trunk and pur
chased a ticket for China on the Coptic.
Vhcn he attempted to board the eteam
eh'p yesterday his creditors grabbed him
and a free fight followed, in which Yung
Lun lost part of his queue. The customs
officers interfered, and as there wag no
warrant for the arrest of the debtor they
Insisted on his beingr allowed to board the
ship. It was then Yung Lun showed his
meanness, as he 6ecured a prominent po
sition aft and laughed and Jeered at his
angry creditors as the Coptic moved away
from the wharf.
Vhe cabin passengers on the Coptic
were the following named:
For Yokohama- T. D. Bo&rdman. W. O.
Brainhall. F. C. Chllds, Mrs. F. C. Chllds.
Colonel A. E. Buck. Mrs. A. E. Buck and two
rervants, Mrs. J. C. Kd wards. Infant and ser
vant; H. Lachlan and F. A. Rapp.
Kobe — E. W. Eckman. J. W. llartman. Mrs.
J. 11. Kuhule and infant, A. Xivens and J. A.
Ohp.ert. .
N'asasakI— S. H. Comstock.
Shanghai— Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Mustard, Mr.
a.nd Mrs. G. D. Pitziplos and son.
Hongkong — J. A. Blackmer, W. Dow, Con
sul O. Gumrirecht, Miss Vera Hllbert. Miss
Josie Hock. A. C. Howland. W. D. O'Brien,
Dr. C. F. McComb. A. W. Rettlg. Mrs. A. W.
Rettig, Mr. Seeley, Commander A. B. Speyers.
V. M. Steele. Mrs. F. M. Steele and Miss Bes
tie Steele.
Colonel A. E. Buck is United States
Minister to Japan. He came home on a
visit a few months ago, but was attacked
by the grip and has not yet recovered
from the disease. He expects that the
pea voyage and the 'change of climate
will completely restore him to health,
however. V.
Has Troubles of His Own.
They are not a happy family in the
cabin of the scnocner Robert Searles. now
on her way from Honolulu for Puget
Sound. The vessel left here last year,
and Captain Plltz took his wife along with
him. The lady's brother wanted to go to
gea, so the captain shipped him as cabin
boy. All went well for a month or so,
and then the lad decided that his brother
in-law should treat him as one of the
family and not as one of the crew. Mrs.
Plltz sided with her brother, but the cap
tain could not see It in that light. In con
sequence, the gallant skipper had to take
many a curtain lecture. Things reached
a climax at Honolulu. There Captain
Plltz discharg-ed his brother-in-law and
shipped another cabin boy. On May 10
he sailed for Port Townsend, but hove
to off Diamond Head. The America llaru
did not bring the end of the story, but
the supposition is that Mrs. Piltz won the
day and that the captain sent ashore for
his brother-in-law and Is bringing him
home as a cassenccr.
Coloma Home Again.
The old bark Coloma arrived from Sali
nas Cruz in ballast yesterday after a
tmart round trip. She left Eureka on Feb
ruary 4 with a load of lumber and made
the run down the coast in twenty-eight
days. It took forty days to get rid of her
carg-o and make the vessel ready for sea,
and It took her thirty-eight days to -come
home. The Coloma is now thirty-two
years old, and the greater portion of her
life has been on the Pacific Coast. She is
6till sound and has a long lease of life
ahead of her.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Hatters of Interest to Mariner* and
Shipping Merchants.
The Jessie Minor will load lumber at Eureka
for Honolulu; the Mary A. Troop, lumber on
Puget Sound for Mollendo, 65s prior to arrival;
the Joseph Ruts, lumber at this port for Sa
linas Cruz; the Columbia, lumber on Puget
Sound for Europe, S5e; option of wheat 42s,
prior to arrival.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The steamer Coptic sailed yesterday for the
Orient with merchandise for China valued at
J13S.237; for Japan, $110,102; Manila. $9546; East
Indies, tlSSS; Vladivostok, $4600; Natal. S. A..
JS937. The principal exports were as follows:
For China— 7750 lbs abalone meat, 2M csks
bottled beer, 1208 lbs beans, 5 crs bicycles and
i>un(!ries, 15 cs champagne, 400 cs canned goods.
::<v> lbs cheese. 100 cs cigarettes. 50 cs dried
fruit. It cs drugs, 2C26 pkgs domestics. 21 cs
electrical supplies. 11.763 bbls flour. 33 pkgs
fruit, 1437 pkgs groceries and provisions. 23 cs
KlaKsware, :vi lbs ham and bacon. 10 cs honey,
8 bales leather, 17 pkgs machinery, E230 lbs
j.«ttrl barley. 2490 lbs sugar, CO cs salmon, SO
bdls shovels. 20 cs table oil, €10 gals wine, 4S1
fc<Jls scrap wire.
For Japan— SO crs bicycles and sundries, 1980
Ibe butter. 12C5 lbs cheese, 274 cs canned goods,
;¦" ci> cordials, 1000 bales raw cotton, 19 pkgs
fruit, VH pkgs groceries and provisions, 12M
lbs ham and bacon, 85 rolls leather, 47 pkgs
machinery. 1780 keffs nails, 55O0 lbs pearl bar
ley. 207 Mis pipe and fittings, 8344 bdls -rail
road material. £750 lbs surar, 112.000 lbs soda
ash. 10 cs 23C3 gals wine. 20 cs whisky, 100 cs
waliparxr.
For Manila— 241 cs canned coods, 123 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 15' cs drugs, 2000 ft
lumber. 8 ca stationery. 10 cs macilaffe. 63 cs
r>hcto goods. 200 ca whisky, 100 cs 500 gals
For East Indies— 17B cs canned roods, 1120
lbs dried fruit. 490 lbs almonds, 200 cs sal
mon. 500 eals wine.
For Vladivostok— 1000 gals wine,, 72 pkgs ag
ricultural Implements. ' . "
For Natal. 8. A,— 14 cs assaying supplies, 57
bdls pipe, n pkc« machinery, 76 cs mining
euppiiea. £S cs hardware.
¦ ~*
Notice to Mariners.
BAN TOANCISCO ENTRANCE—CALI
FORNIA.
Notice Is herety given that the mammoth
nun buoy, painted red and numbered 2, mark-
Ing Fort Point Lf>d£e. San Francisco entrance,
<^alifornia. which recently went adrift, has
been replaced In Its former position.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coaet. 1S0L page 20,
By order of the Lighthouse Board,
V. SEBREE. Commander, U, S. N..
Inspector Twelfth Ugbthouse District.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday, May 21,
6tmr Greenwood, Fafferlund, 21 hours from
Fort Brar*.
fitmr Arcata. Nelson, CS hours from Cooa
Bay,
Stmr Pomona. Shea. IS hours from Bureka.
fitmr JCeweboy, Ohlstrom, » hours from Usal,
Nor etmr Tltania, Egenes, i days from Na»
naimo.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 2% days from
Conjojc,
Bark Coloma, Beck, 28 <j«ys from Salinas
Cruz.
Kchr Bender Bros, Wetzei, J4 hours from
Bowens Landing:,
6=hr North Iiead, Jackson, 11 days from
Willai>a Harbor,
Schr Queen, Nielsen, 14 days from Port Gam,
ble.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, May 2L
Etmr Umittina. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Towiaend; Gcodall. Perkins & Co,
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Dle&oj Goodali,
Porklns< & Co,
Br stmr Coptic, Rlnder, Honirkong and Tor
kohama, via Honolulu; O At O S3 Co,
SAILED,
Tuesday, May 21,
U 6 stmr Daniel Manning, Jiuhne, — ,
fitinr Aberdeen. Jensen, ,
FUnr Git^y, Inland, Santa Cruz,
gtmr l.'matllla. Cuuuina, Victoria, etc.
Bunr Rureka. Jcnw-n. Eureka,
tittnr I'rogreso, Monroe, Tacoma,
Ktrnr <5«o Loomlu, Bridgett, Ventura,
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Gray* Harbor,
Bttar Coronado, Johnson, Grays Harbor,
Stmr Del Korf. Green, Crescent City,
Ktmr Bexjuola. Winkle, .
Br etmr Ontic, Kinder, Honolulu, Tokoha
rna and Hongkong,
Rehr L«lly, IK'tt^^r, ITmnqua River,
Hrhr Newark, Beck, Ilowrai Landing;,
f-'rhr Albion, Larscn, Cotjuille Kiver,
Kchr Monterey, IJcck, Coos Bay,
telegraphic;
POINT ijOWm, May IX, 10 p m-Weatheri
hazyj wind NW, velocity 22 miles per hour,
'-> J • DOHEETIC POUTS,
BEATTLE-Called May n-Htmr Mackinaw,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA.LL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 22, 1901.
and Vigorous Effort to Prevent Yung -Liny Female Impersonator,^ From Departing
on the Steamship Coptic===Jeers for the Disappointed.
CHINESE ACTOR'S HAIRBREADTH ESCAPE FROfl MANY
CREDITORS, WHO SEEK TO RECOVER COIN DUE THEM
the "number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The -plane of reference Is
tho mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
7
Sun rises V. — ' I. .4:53
Sun sets 7:18
Moon sets 11:20 p. m.<
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
'H W L W . H W L W
22~""j. 1:50 5.8 8:42 —0.6 4:00 5.1 8:58 3.3
23... 2:50 6.3 »:»6— 0.1 4:50 5.2 10:16 2.9
24 ... 3:59 4.7 10:29 0.4 5:88 5.3 11:35 2.5
25... 5:11 4.4 11:20 0.8 6:24 5.4
L W H W L W II W
26 .. 0:41 2.1 6:29 4.1 12:11 1.2 7:09 B.G
27 ... 1:38 1.6 7:40 4.0 1:04 1.6 7:51 5.6
28... 2:24 1.2 8:44 4.0 1:46 1.9 8:27 5.7
29 ... 3:04 0.8 9:42 4.1 2:26 2.2 9.00 5.7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
W. Kruger....
Coronado......
Rival
Arcata. .......
Queen
Centennial...;
Westport......
S. Barbara
Pomona..;....
Columbia.....
Empire...
Valencia
Corona
Point Arena. .
Connemaugh.
J. S. Klmball.
Portland
North Fork...
Mandalay
May 22. .
Tlllamook • Bay ....
Grays Harbor ....
Wlllapa- Harbor...:
Coos Bay
San Diego ........
Seattle & Tacoma.
May 23. J j
Bear Harbor
Humboldt ..........
Humboldt ..... |
Astoria & Portland
May 24.
Coos Bay ..;.
May '25.
Nome via Seattle. |
Newport .............
Point Arena ...... j
Nome - via Seattle.
Nome via Seattle.
Nome via St. Mlchl
Humboldt
Coqullle River ....
- May 20.
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
San Dlegro ........
May 27.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Hambg & Way Pts
May 28.
Panama & Way...
Astoria & Portland
Ptlnd & Coos Bay
Newport ...;...
5 pm
6 pm
12 m
4 pm
9 am
5 pm
5 pm
4 pm
1:30 p
11 am
12 m
2 pm
9 am
2 pm
2 pm
Pier i:
Pier :
5th st
Pier i:
Pier l:
Pier 2
Pier :
Pier :
Pier I
Pier 2-
Pier i:
'on wi
Pier l:
Pier :
Pler-
Pler !
Pier 3'
Pier :
Pier :
2 pm
9 am
2 pm
Eureka
City Puebla...
Santa Rosa...
9 am
11 am
9 am
Pier i:
Pier i
Pier 11
S. Portland...
Kambyses....
v .....
Pier 12
Pier 1
:....„
San Bias.
G. W. Elder..
Alliance
Bonita
12 m
11 am
PMSS
Pier 2i
Pier -
Pier 11
9 am
Steamer.
From.
Cue.
Empire......... Coos Bay ./....'.........
Cltyof Puebla. Puget. Sound Ports
North Fork Humboldt
Matteawan...;. Tacoma ... .
Mandalay Coquille ; River
South Coast.... Ventura ..
Westport Ban Pedro
Santa Barbara. San Pedro
Corona.?... . Newport
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena.... Point Arena
Eureka Humboldt
South Portland. Seattle and Tacoma...
Acapuleo Panama & Way Ports.
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria..
Palena Valparaiso via Panama
Mackinaw...... Seattle
Washtenaw.... Tacoma :.». ;.
Alliance Portland , & Coos Bay!
Hyades Seattle
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma...
Queen. San Diego
Pomona Humboldt
Coos Bay San Pedro
Arcata....\ Coos Bay,
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports
Curacao Mexican Ports
Fulton.: (Grays Harbor .•
City Peking — China and Japan.......
Leelaqaw N. Y. via Panama
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 23
May. 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 26
May 2«
May 28
May 26
May 26
May 26
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 28
May 28
•es'
Ina-
Ion.
18.
Victorian.
?has. Nelson.;.
Cottage City...
Sxcelslor
: .
'ant a Ana......
rlumboldt.
Centennial
Senator
Dirlgo
-ity of Topeka. '
Skaguay & Way Ports. May 23
.Skaguay & "Way Ports. May 23
Skaguay & Way Ports. May 23
Skaguay & Way Ports. May 23
Valdez & Way Ports... May 25
Golovln Bay direct May 25
Nome & St.' Michael... May 27
Skagruay & Way Ports. May 27
Nome & Port Clarence. May 28
Nome direct ..' May 30
Skaguay & Way Ports. May SO
Skaguay & Way Ports. May 30
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
W. Kruger....
Coronado......
Rival
Arcata. .......
Queen
Centennial...;
Westport......
S. Barbara
Pomona..;....
Columbia.....
Empire...
Valencia
Corona
Point Arena. .
Connemaugh.
J. S. Klmball.
Portland
North Fork...
Mandalay
May 22. .
Tlllamook • Bay ....
Grays Harbor ....
Wlllapa- Harbor...:
Coos Bay
San Diego ........
Seattle & Tacoma.
May 23. J j
Bear Harbor
Humboldt ..........
Humboldt ..... |
Astoria & Portland
May 24.
Coos Bay ..;.
May '25.
Nome via Seattle. |
Newport .............
Point Arena ...... j
Nome - via Seattle.
Nome via Seattle.
Nome via St. Mlchl
Humboldt
Coqullle River ....
- May 20.
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
San Dlegro ........
May 27.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Hambg & Way Pts
May 28.
Panama & Way...
Astoria & Portland
Ptlnd & Coos Bay
Newport ...;...
5 pm
6 pm
12 m
4 pm
9 am
5 pm
5 pm
4 pm
1:30 p
11 am
12 m
2 pm
9 am
2 pm
2 pm
Pier i:
Pier :
5th st
Pier i:
Pier l:
Pier 2
Pier :
Pier :
Pier I
Pier 2-
Pier i:
'on wi
Pier l:
Pier :
Pler-
Pler !
Pier 3'
Pier :
Pier :
2 pm
9 am
2 pm
Eureka
City Puebla...
Santa Rosa...
9 am
11 am
9 am
Pier i:
Pier i
Pier 11
S. Portland...
Kambyses....
v .....
Pier 12
Pier 1
:....„
San Bias.
G. W. Elder..
Alliance
Bonita
12 m
11 am
PMSS
Pier 2i
Pier -
Pier 11
9 am
Steamer.
From.
Cue.
Empire......... Coos Bay ./....'.........
Cltyof Puebla. Puget. Sound Ports
North Fork Humboldt
Matteawan...;. Tacoma ... .
Mandalay Coquille ; River
South Coast.... Ventura ..
Westport Ban Pedro
Santa Barbara. San Pedro
Corona.?... . Newport
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena.... Point Arena
Eureka Humboldt
South Portland. Seattle and Tacoma...
Acapuleo Panama & Way Ports.
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria..
Palena Valparaiso via Panama
Mackinaw...... Seattle
Washtenaw.... Tacoma :.». ;.
Alliance Portland , & Coos Bay!
Hyades Seattle
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma...
Queen. San Diego
Pomona Humboldt
Coos Bay San Pedro
Arcata....\ Coos Bay,
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports
Curacao Mexican Ports
Fulton.: (Grays Harbor .•
City Peking — China and Japan.......
Leelaqaw N. Y. via Panama
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 23
May. 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 26
May 2«
May 28
May 26
May 26
May 26
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 28
May 28
•es'
Ina-
Ion.
18.
Victorian.
?has. Nelson.;.
Cottage City...
Sxcelslor
: .
'ant a Ana......
rlumboldt.
Centennial
Senator
Dirlgo
-ity of Topeka. '
Skaguay & Way Ports. May 23
.Skaguay & "Way Ports. May 23
Skaguay & Way Ports. May 23
Skaguay & Way Ports. May 23
Valdez & Way Ports... May 25
Golovln Bay direct May 25
Nome & St.' Michael... May 27
Skagruay & Way Ports. May 27
Nome & Port Clarence. May 28
Nome direct ..' May 30
Skaguay & Way Ports. May SO
Skaguay & Way Ports. May 30
Sun rises V. — ' I. .4:53
Sun sets 7:18
Moon sets 11:20 p. m.<
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
'H W L W . H W L W
22~""j. 1:50 5.8 8:42 —0.6 4:00 5.1 8:58 3.3
23... 2:50 6.3 »:»6— 0.1 4:50 5.2 10:16 2.9
24 ... 3:59 4.7 10:29 0.4 5:88 5.3 11:35 2.5
25... 5:11 4.4 11:20 0.8 6:24 5.4
L W H W L W II W
26 .. 0:41 2.1 6:29 4.1 12:11 1.2 7:09 B.G
27 ... 1:38 1.6 7:40 4.0 1:04 1.6 7:51 5.6
28... 2:24 1.2 8:44 4.0 1:46 1.9 8:27 5.7
29 ... 3:04 0.8 9:42 4.1 2:26 2.2 9.00 5.7
• /LDVESTI&E2CENTS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy Tint
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekasre Sent by Hall
. to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write ¦ the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled - for years against the mental and
physical sulferingr of lost manhood that
the Instftute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who wrke. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength j
and development just where It is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, S28 Elektron building, Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-.
siroua of reaching that great class of men
who are tfnable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of sex-_
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that its recipient need
nave no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delav. . .
I DR. PIERGE '^ELEGTRiG BELT|
C America Ahead of the WoTld in Electrical Inren- ¦
? tions; Everybody knows this I Our new Body-'
• Battery, (U. S. Pa tent) Is strictly an American '
' invention— Til C Belt of the Century. It sends a!
[ powerful, reverslblo current through the human ,
, body from Head to Foot, coring Chronic and .
, Nervous Diseases and Weakness of Male or Female ¦
» as if by Magic. So positive are we that no other <
• belt is the equal of " Dr. Piercc's," that we will send *
? it ON APPKOVA!. for comparison with any belt*
; now sold in America. " Seeing is BelieTtas." ;
' NOTE.— We never send belts "On Trial," there-'
» fore in ordering "Dr. Pierce's" no riak is run of •
• contracting nuin lilaeaae or other Disorders by '
¦nsinK an appliance preTlonniy wm br othcr<
• ptrnorn. Call, or send a 2c stamp for new "BookJet 1
; No.l.' Address: PIERCJS KJLECTBIC CO.;
f 1145 Ttroartvrnv, 'near 21fh 8r > »w York, j
Or 20(1 Pout St,, San .Francisco.
1 A PERMANENT CURE f
J 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
9 and Gleet, gnaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
2 days ; no other treatment required. j
¦ 1 - Sold by all druggists. S
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Pamiana Bitters
1.8 'A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodlslao and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
! NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent*.
. t23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
AMUSEMEUTS.
GRAND 1 OPEPZA. HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
ALL OF THIS WEEK, .
An Elaborate 7 Production of the Sensational
Chinese Drama,
THE QUEEN OF
CHINA TOWN.
One of the Biggest ' Successes of the Season,
Introducing Many Specialties.
PRICES-^lOc, lac, 25c, 50c. A Few Seats, 73c.
A Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday
¦ ;• and Sunday Matinees, 23 Cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
.,,¦ IN "CLEOPATRA:"
Advance • Sale Enormous— Secure Seats Early.
* —TO-NIGHT— -.
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-MORROW.
-^•>,v..25c and SOo.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
. And the NEILL COMP ANT.
' . " ALL. THIS WEEK.
....LAST TIMBSI...-
BARBARA FRIETCHIE.
Evening :.,..25c. 35c. BOc. 75c. Jl.W
Saturday; Matinee....... ...23c. Kc.: 73o
-Next Sunday Evening, May . 26— Presenting
'for tha first time In the West the highly suc-
cessful, comedy-drama, = VPHROSO."
CHUTES AND_Z00 E ; n 7 E^£r
.. .JOSEPHINE CASSMAN..;
AND HER PICKANINNIES.
' .' ,' FOREST SEABURT, High Diver.
- TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS.
AND THE LADY SECTION HANDS. In a
. SPIKE-DRIVING CONTEST. -—•:
/ , Telephone for Seats Park 23. , >
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOtnJinO Admission lOc.
Gladys Mlddleton, Carita,' Carter and Gerald.
. Wm. McDonald, Augusta Ealvinl, Perry and
Lovell, Powers and Freed and others.
* - Reserved Seats, 25c. ; Matinee Sunday.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLDS
I regard my COLD CURE as more
valuable than a life insurance policy.
It not only cures coids In the head,
colds In the lungs, colds lu the bones,
but it wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption.— flUN YON.
. Manyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails to relieve
in one to three hours, and cures in a few days.' ' • "
* Manyon's Dyspepsia Core positively cures all
forms of indigestion and stomach trouble.
Munyon's Cough Cure stoos coughs, night sweats,
ktlays soreness and speedily heals the lungs.
Manyon's Kidney Cure qaiclcly cures pains in tha
back, loins or groins, and all foncsof kidney disease.
Munyon's Vitalizerrcsioreslostpowersto weak men.
All the cares are 35 cents, at any drug store.
iHunyon's Guide to Health should be in th<
hands of every mother. It will help them to leant
the symptoms of every disease- and tell them tha
ptoper treatment. Sent free to any address.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
HU5T0\"s fiMTvn rVKY* CATABBH.
AMUSEMENTS.
*TI¥PL,1*
EVENINGS AT 8.
. SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2.
GREAT TOY MATINEE SATURDAY,
M«Y2S.
EVERT CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A, SOUVENIR TOT ATTENDINO
THE
POPULAR PRICES ! 23c and 509
¦ ' -r ~.r Telephone — Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAT, WED., MAT 2X...
Parquet. 23c, any seat: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
, ' A NEW BILL. rM
Al Leach and the Three Rosebuds,
Grace Van Studdiford, Oenaro and
Bailey, Lew Sully, Burton* and
Brooks, Bison City Quartet, Bio-
graph, and James O. Barrows, John
Lancaster "and Company. .
MATINEE TO-DAY.
' Every Night This Week ExceptrSunday.
fapSB^ MATINEE SATURDAT.
HENRY MILLER
. And a Strong Supporting Company!
Presenting the Romantic Success,
HEARTSEASE.
Beginning Next Monday,
Oscar Wllda's Trivial - Comedy for Serious
People,
"THE IMPORTANCE OF BEING EARNEST."
Henry Miller and a Strong. Cast.
BE&SCOA"oTHAL£Ss ipL iV&
niT'ir ™ ™ mtsacaruAU
TO-NIGHT and Every • Evening This Week.
- MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Magnificent Production of the Great Melodrama.
SHADOWS °a f
GREAT CITY.
Elaborate Scento Features— Startling Effects.
First Appearance at This Theater of the
- Popular Actor,
GEORGE U/cBSTER.
SPECIALTIES BT THE CLEVER LITTLE
" .• BENNETT SISTERS.
Winiftr Evenings ...10c. 15c, 23c, SSc, SOo
I HICC? Matinees..... .....10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week-"THE WAR OF WEALTH."
——FARCE AND TRAGEDT!- »
TO-NIGHT at 8 sharp,
The Comic Play,
"CLORIANA,'?
'.. At- 9:45, ¦:: ¦
Francis Powers* Chinese Tragedy,
"THE FIRST BORN."
. MATINEES SATURDAT and SUNDAT.
RACINGI RACING! RACING!
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. ,"
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. \ Rain or shin*.
. Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
U:30. 1. 1:30. 3. 5:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains ¦ stopping at v the . entrance to tha
track. ' Last two can on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, . Oak- - ¦
. land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect 'With San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth .
and ¦ Broadway, Oakland. These electrto cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:1S and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President..
R. B. MILROT, Secretary. '
SUTRO 'BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. ra.
-Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c. Children. 20c: ¦
HOTEL*-
Vlaltora to Han Francisco who mako
their headauarters at these hotels eaV 9
' joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
*GRAND HOTEL*'
&ol IA/HAT C*E"9A1_IL EAT stua ,rt s Dyspepsia Tablets after each meal. Two of these diastase, which actually perform the work of digestion and Eo»
BRjl ¦¦¦¦#»¦ *^BB*-»i*-o« ww mm sfeaa-m ¦ excellent Tablets taken after dinner will digest several* give the abused stomach a chance to rest and to furnish the " Effia
Bo • ' ¦ ' ¦*•; ¦ »/>" ¦ thousand grains of meat, egfts or other animal food in three body and brain with the necessary nutriment. Cheap f£a
tr'.i t« if flen Healthv and Strona? or four hours, while the malt diastase also contained in cathartic medicines masquerading under the namo of EKa
g£ iohob|iiii)«iiijui»- uuy btuart's Tablets cause tho perfect digestion of starchy dyspepsia cures are useless for relief or cure of indigestion W§
ES§| A healthy appetite ana common sense are excellent foods, like potatoes, bread, etc., and no matter how weak because they have absolutely no effect upon the actual dl- ¥i§
f£B& guides to follow In matters of diet, and a mixed diet of • the stomach may be, no troublo will be experienced if a - gestlon of food. • ¦ ... hTI
jgjt-3 grains, fruits and meats 1s undoubtedly the best, in spite of regular practice is made of using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab- . DysDeDsla In all Its forms \% nimnir •. fa!inr« of th« PJ
gH the claims made by vegetarians and food cranks generally, left because they supply tho pepsin and d iastase go neces- stonweh to dlirest food andtne gensibla wav tosolve the E8
\M , As compared with grains and vegetables, meat fur- sarytopertect digestion, and any form of Indigestion and ffileMdcu^ta^laStt«^tomata'fflTnm^m«S--'-H
9M nlshes the most nutriment in a highly concentrated form stomacfi trouble except cancer of the stomach wM be over-.^ time rt^2 i^m^Hn wWoh 'laeSdorwd bv the medl?I W&
BM and is digested and assimilated more quickly than vege- come by their dally use. . ¦ . • ¦,¦¦- „—?„„.„„ ¥nJ > v®5. a i*'v°° w , n I, ls , enao " ea »» inemeaicai gH
|i tables or grains. ¦ . ¦¦ That large class of people who come under the head of g£3^ffl^ l g^ta^^Bt^. d^^^b 1 SS > -- H '
mji Dr. Julius Kemusson on this BubjRCt savs: Nervous nervous dyspeptics should eat pl«-ty of meat and insure Its ana a » lQ1 » can truiy De saia or Btuart s Dyspepsia Tablets. K|*|
kz3 persons, people run down In health and of low vitality' complete digestion by the system- lousoof a safe, harmless All druggists throughout tho United States, Canada and re! '
gas should eat plenty of meat. If the digestion is too feeble at digestive medicine llko < Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets com- - Great Britain sell thorn at tho uniform price of fifty cents OH '
Ofqa first it may bo easily strengthened by the regular use of posed of the natural digestive i>ruiclpfes, peptones and - for full treatment. ¦- /. ,. ' ¦. .- ¦-, Bja
|j Ii\ A. STUART OOJVIJPA^Y, MARSHAI^I/, MICH, |jNorthern Wheat Market.
winter, 6s U%d; No. 1 Northern spring, *s %d;
No. 1 California, «s l%d. Futures— Steady.
July, 6s lid; September, Bs lOd.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new, steady,
4s Id; American mixed old, nominal. Futures—
Firm, i May, . nominal; July, 3s ll%d; Septem
ber, 3a l%d. x - . :
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet;
No. 3 spring, 70@71%c; No. 2 red, 73%@74%c;
No. 2 corn, 49@50%c; No. 2 yellow, 49@50%c; No;
2 oats, 30%c; No. 2 white, 80%c; No. 3 white.
29@30c; No. 2 rye, 53%c; good feeding barley,
49@-51c; fair to choice malting. 62@55c; No. 1
flax seed, $1 7O@l 71%; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 70;
prime timothy seed. $1 71%; mees pork, per bbl,
$3 2Q@3 50;- lard, per ICO lbs, $14 95; short-rib
sides (loose), $8 12%®8 25; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $8 10@8 30; short clear sides (boxed), 6%
@7c; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 12% sugars,
cut loaf, 8.25c- . • %
. Articles—. *
> Wheat No. 2— Open. High. Low. Close.
May '......;..'. 73% 74% . 73% .. 74%
July 72% 73% 72%' 73H
Corn No. 2— • . ¦• • .. • • ;
May.. .:.... 48 50% 41 ' 49%
July. 45 ' 45% U% .45%
September 44% 46 44% 44%
- Oats No. 2—
May 30% 30% 30% - 80%
July .;.....;... 28% 29%. 28% 29
September ......... 26% 27% , 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May, ...........'.....14 75 14 90 14 76 14 87%
July ...;........'.... 14 87% 15 00' 14 87% 15 00
September ....14 87% 16 00 14 87% 15 00 I
' Lard, per 100 lbs — . . ,
May '......... 8 22% 8 25 8 22% 8 25
July ..........; 8 15 .8 22% 8 15 8 22%
September 8 15 8 25 8 16 8 22%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— . •
May ....:. ....'....;. 8 12% 8 25 8 12% 8 25 '
July 7 95 8 05 7 95 8 00
September ........; 7 90- .' 8 00 . 7 90 : 7 97%
CHICAGO, "¦ May 21.— Reports of a iday for
export .wheat, light local receipts and . bad
weather conditions in~xhe Southwest and North
west -more than counteracted disappointing
cables at the openings The initial ; price ¦ for
July wheat .was -%c to %c higher at 72%@72%c
and within the first hour an advance to 73%c
was registered. A firm tone prevailed from the
start. I Offerings I were • light, with fair buying
by rcattering "commission houses.-- Reports be
came I current : - that- several Wall street oper
ators ;were In the West market,' and these, .In
conjunction ¦ with "developments In - the Peavy
Elevator case , through which it was rumored
that- a large quantity of. wheat would be taken
out of. the contract, urged the shorts to , re
newed -activity ; and > a further advance, of . %c
was made. On liquidation a reaction to 73%@ l
73%c followed, after which the market rallied
to ? 73%@73%c. r Th<i close was steady and %c
higher at 73%c. '¦',.¦•• '
- Corn was affected as far as the May delivery
was concerned by the declaring of the Peavy
elevator" "B" Irregular, - and relieving • the
market of 674,000 bushels of contract . corn it
contained. - May. closed firm and lV4c higher at
49%e. July corn was 1 active and strong, due to
reported unfavorable weather conditions. / The
close was steady, ,%c higher at 46Mc.
"Oats, were strong, July closed steady and %c
higher : at 28%@29c. . •
i Provisions were firm after some early weak
ness. ! July pork closed 5@7%c higher, lard 2%
@5c higher and ribs unchanged.
" The leading futures ranged as follows:
The trtorzn Is now over Wyoming and the
- San Francisco data: Maximum' temperature,
Cl; mlniiminC 48; mean.M. ¦
WEATHER : CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Continued on Page Eleven.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull; No. -7 Invoice, 6%c;
mild, qultt: . Cordova, 8%@12%c; ¦ Futures— .
Barely steady and net 5 to 10 points lower, ex
cept on 1 April, which was nominally unchanged.
Total sales were 11,250 bags, including May. at
$5 35; July, at $5 45: September,! $5 65; October,
$5 60; December $5 80. ¦ ¦•¦ V /: - ' .' ...
• SUGAR— Raw, firm but quiet; fair refining,
3%c; Centrifugal. 96 test. 4 9-32c. Molasses su
gar, 3%c. ' Refined, quiet. ,
-.. BUTTER— Receipts, , 14,453 packages. -Steady;
creamery, 15@19c; factory,' ll@13c-
EGGS— Receipts, 25,400 packages. '¦¦ Irregular,
western ungraded, ll@12^c; ; western : storage,
12%@13%c.., ¦' -' --.,-•..' ¦ .
; i DRIED ; FRUIT. .
EVAPORATED - APPLES— Trading • In • the
market for ; evaporated , apples was , confined
to meeting immediate:. requirements, -and ,i even
this business : was -. in : a" small \ -way. ¦ Prices , re
main as last quoted; with the undertone at the
WOOL-
WHEAT.-Recelpts, 19,000; , : exports, V 150,171
bushels. Spot, firmer; No.' 2 , red, 83%c, ; , f . o." b.
afloat: No. 2 red, S0%c, elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 84%c, f. o." b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 90%c f. o., b. afloat. Options advanced
to-day on general, speculative* buying, partly
for Wall street accourt. Unfavorable ; crop
ne.ws, a heavy decrease in. the "world's stocks,
weak and firm continental cables also helped
the undertone. Closed flrm'at %@l%c net ad
vance. • May, 80%@81c,* closed '.80%o;- July.' 7S%c
@79 7-16c, -closed 79%c; September, 75%@7£ 9-16c,
NEW TORK, Ma7 2i;-FLOUR-Recelpts,
25,000 barrels; exports, . 24,198 barrels.' fMore ac
tive and firmer with wheat. Minneapolis, $4®
4 25; winter straights, $3 45@3 60; ; winter ex
tras, $2 45®2 95. v . • -,. , : ¦'/],% : "
Ang'.o-Cal 73 80 LP&A 147- —
California 408 — Mer Ex (llq).. 18 '¦"—
Cal Safe Deo..l07 — S F National.. — 123
First Nat — 314
• ~ . SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1900 — Sav & Loan...— —
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual 60 — Union Trust..l40O —
San Franclsco.513 — , .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....123 133 ;O S L & H... 40 —
Geary- — 37% PresidW — 30
Market 70 70% I
POWDER.
Giant ...'. 76% 77 IVlgorit 3* 3%
SUGAR.
Hana 7% — Kilauea .'. ISTi 1SH
Hawaiian 49 51% Makawell 3S% —
Honokaa ...... 22H — Onomea 20 22
Hutchlnson ... 19% — Paauhau 26% —
BANKS.
INSURANCE.
Frrem's Fund.233 245 I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. %' — Pacfflc Lt...«. 42%. 43U
Equitable Z% — Sacramento —
Mutual 4% ,S S P G & B... 87% SS»i
Oakland 50%V— San Francisco. 4 4ft
Pacific Imp.... — 35 Stockton — —
Contra Costa.. 81% 82 iSprlng Valley. 87% 83
Marin County. 52% — | . • , .-
WATER STOCKS.
Bay Co P 6s.. 104% — fOceanic — KXrtl
Cal-st 5s 117%— Omnibus Rgs.128 —
C C Water 5s. — 110 Pao G Imr> 4s. — —
Ed L. & P 6s.l23%133% Pk & C H 6s.lO5 —
Fer & Cl R 68.115 — PTc & O R 6s.U7 — .
Geary-st Be — — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 6%3.106U — Sac E G R 5s. — 100
Do 6s 101 102 S F & SJV 5s.l20% —
Los Ane R 5s:112%113% Sierra' Cal Ss.. — 103
L A Licht 6s. — 102 8 P of A 63
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1909) 112%U3%
DO gntd 63..100 10a (1910) .-.113%ll«i
LA& Pac 53.102 - S P Of C 6s
Do 1 c in 6S.101 — (1905). ser A.106% —
Market-st 6s.. — ' 127% <1905). aer B.lffni —
Dole m 63.122%.— (1906i 1H> —
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113% (1912) — —
Nor R Cal 6s. — 114% S Pof Cal 1st
Do 6s 11551119% cp gntd g6s.lO3 , —
Nor Pac C 63.100 . S P Br Cal 6s.l34 — .
Do 53 — 108% S V "Water 8s.ll3t5
Nor Cal R 6a. 113% — Do 4s 102% —
Oak Gas 6s...llJ — Do 4s. 3d m.lO2»4 —
Da Tran 6s..ll6»iH7% Stktn Gas 8s.. 100 —
Da Wat 53...104 105 .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4a qnar coup..ll3%114 Us qu cp (new}187%138%
4s quar reg 113%114 13s qnar coup.. 109 110
TT7EST>AY. May SI — 9 p, m,
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Business was aetivw on th« morning session
of the Bond Exchange, with an advance In
Alaska Packers' to $127, and a decline In Giant
Powder to $77 75.
In the afternoon Giant Powder was ltm lower
at $77 60®T6 75, and Contra Costa Water at
$80 50@82. Oceanic was firmer at $43 50043.
The oil stocks stood about as before.
Standard Con. Mining Company was ax
dividend of . 10c.
STOCK A2TD BOND EXCHANGE.
STOCK MARKET.
200 Hocking Valley prefd 76
2,100 . Illinois Central ....-...;... :..139»i
600 Iowa Central .' : : 33Vi
Iowa Central . prefd ".... 60
Lake Erie & Western .....'. 56
400 Lake Erie •& Western prefd .120
4.300 Louisville & Nashville ...103%
10,700 Manhattan Elevated ."....::.. "...114V4
600 Metropolitan Street Railway- 1S7U
27.700 Mexican National ... . . ...•...;...:.... 11%
4,100 Mexican Central ....;...:............. 26%
'1,400 Minneapolis & St Louis.. 91%
19,300 Missouri Pacific...:.;...; : 1C3H
2.600 Missouri Kancas & Texas..;. -...; 27Vb
4,100, Missouri , Kansas & Texaa prefd.... 56%
35,200 Atchison 77%
8,100 Atchison prefd .' 9S%
9,800 Baltimore & Ohio .105
1,400 Baltimore & Ohio prefd — :. 93%
600 Canadian Pacific ...........102%
3,000 Canada Southern 66
Chesapeake & Ohio : 48%
3,000 Chicago & Alton .42%
I 500 Chicago & Alton prefd 79%
2,300 Chicago Great Western 21%
Chicago Great Western prefd A.... 79
300 'Chicago Great Western prefd B.... 46%
Chicago Burlington & Quincy 1971,
900 Chicago Ind & Louisville 32%
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd—.... 71
600 Chicago & Eastern Illinois..... 123
......:' Chicago & Northwestern 195
8,500 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 154%
600 Chicago Term. & Trans 21%
700 Chicago Term. & Trans, prefd 42
1.900 C C C & St Louis :. 80%
1,700 Colorado • Southern .....'... .....14%
900- Colorado Southern '1st prefd.... ;. 50%
600 / Colorado ' Southern 2d prefd 22%
800- Delaware & Hudson' ...¦...".....:.... 162%
200 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 215 .'
Denver & Rio Grande •.... 44%
100 Denver Rio Grande prefd 92%
B.200 Erie '. 38%
. 8,100 - Erie 1st prefd 68%
1.700 Erie.2d prefd 53%
• 600 Great Northern prefd :......179%
1,000 Hocking -Valley 62%
NEW. YORK STOCK LIST. •
Shares . . , • ¦ ¦ Closing
Sold. Stock— : Bid.
The nature of the business is Indicated by
the example of several stocks to-day. Union
Pacific was sold yesterday on reports of an
additional issue of convertible "bonds to finance
the Northern Pacific stock purchase. To-day
the fact was confirmed that the company had
applied to the stock exchange to list the ad
ditional bonds, yet Union Pacific rose at one
time 4% over lart night. -Missouri Pacific' was
weak yesterday on the statement that th^ ex
pected dividend - would . not be declared at
once: to-day the directors met without acting
on the dividend, yet the stock rose four points
over the early low point. In other words, {he
bears of yesterday were covering their con
tracts to-day. The buying by railroads and
capitalists to effect changes in control of va
rious railroad systems which was supposed to
make up the bulk of the buying in the boom
market, when dealings ran between 2,000,000
and 3,000,000 shares a day, is also inconspicu
ous, although rumors of such dealings con
tinue to play some part, especially in Union
Pacific, which :s credited by . the newest ru
mors with Securing an interest in St. Paul.
The sttength of the Toledo, St. Louis and
Western stocks is accompanied by intimations
about tbe exchange that the buying u for
Vanderbilt account with a view to elimina
tion of competition. The other story of a
consolidation of Southwestern roads wns re
vived to-day in connection with the rally,* In
MlsEouri Pccific. The continuation of the In
junction agsinst Amalgamated Copper's mer.
ger projects accounted for the early weakness
of that stock. American Linseed and National
Lead were , strong, rather strangely, since the
absorption of th« Linseed company by the
Union Lead and Oil Company is supposed to
indicate Increased competition for the National
Lead Company. The greater . ease of money
to-day had some Influence In the recovery In
prices. . Banks which were below their legal
reserve by Saturday's statement apparently
completed their • recuperation yesterday. The
payments of an installment of subscriptions on
the Union Pacific bond issue and on the *pur
chase of the Rio Grande Western by the t>en
ver and Rio Grande which were made yester
dav resulted in some Influence on the mar
ket . to-day. No gold was engaged to-day, but
pome gold is expected to go out before the end
of the week. The • stiffness of the London
money rate lifted the sterling rate at Paris
a fraction, but any relaxation In the London
money rate finds Immediate response In a de
cline in the Paris sterling rate, which means
shipments of gold from New York to Paris for
London account. That Is to say, Paris money
lent in London is called home to meet the
exigency of the Russian loan unless the Lon
don rate is kept high enough to make a loan
there rr.ore attractive.
The bond market was dull and inclined to
weakness .early, but showed some recoveries
later in sympathy with stocks. Total Bales,
par \*alue, $2,790,(00. ¦ . .
United States new 4s declined % per cent
on ' the last call.
¦ The dealings were almost purely professional
and even that clars of operators showed less
interest than yesterday. There - is not much
difficulty experienced by them in moving
prices, declines being easily effected on light
offerings and advances are as easily achieved
by a smart bidding up process. The light
chare of the public in the market, however,
offers ro medium to take profits and the pro
fessionals find more and more that in cover
ing short sales or In selling to realize on pur
chases prices are brought back to about
where they started from.
NEW YORK, May 21.— There was a still
further JecMne In activity In the stock mar
ket to-day, the aggregate sales falling to a
figure that has not oeen touched before In
many months Even the diminished voiume
of business was largely centered in a few
stocks, notably Union . Pacific. That stock
fcoemed to nave a dominant influence on the
whole market and the evidence that It was
supported turned the market from the early
weakness, in continuance of yesterday's down
ward movement, and lifted prices to a much
higher plane, except for a stock here and
thero, which did not move hi the late trading.
New York, Stock Market.
¦¦-:'.¦,¦ ¦/¦¦'.'¦¦•.¦CLOSING.'.-. '¦.¦ ', ¦ . ,¦ V
WHEAT-^-Spot— Steady.,' No. ¦ 1', red - Western
LONDON,: May: 21.— Consols. "94%: u . silver,
27%d ;, French ¦. rentes, , lOlf 62%c: cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. -1- standard
California, ; 30s; , cargoes Walla Walla;; 29s 6d;
English country ; markets, quiet. -.'¦ .
.LIVERPOOL, 'May 21.— Wheat, steady; . No.'
1 standard ; California, Cs "> l%d@6s - 2d : 'Wheat . in
Paris, . steady ; flour : In ;, Paris, 1 steady: French
country ' markets, • dull;, weather -In England,
fine; ?• «•> ::-/•.. : .- ,? ¦ j.- :,'. •' ¦ :.. • ¦. - .
COTTON— Uplands, -. 4 5-16d.' '
Foreign Markets:
CHICAGO,"- May 21.— Porter Bros. & Co. .sold
Penryn cherries at auction , for the following
prices: , Tartarians,- 20c@$l 35; Rockports,"^ 15@
70c; Eagles, 70c; Royal Anne,: 65c@$l 35; Cherry
Plums, 40c. Car arrived in very bad condition.
Gross sales, 2275 packages,' $1470.* . '
• NEW,- YORK/ May 21.— Porter Bros. . Co. . sold
Sulsun- cherries 'as ; follows: , Tartarians, 60c@>
$1 50;,; Royal' Anne, '$1 80; Rockports,; 40@50c;
Governor Woods. ' 30@50c; : 25@40c;
Eltons, 45c; Orleans, S5c. Gross sales, . 1220
packages, $964.* ';¦ j ¦ * , --¦ •-•• .. .
¦ NEW. YORK. May 21.— The Earl ] Fruit 'Com
pany i auctioned t California ' fruit ' ¦ to-day and
realized ; the following prices: , Cherries— Black
Tartarians,' boxes. 70c@$2 35. < average . $1 5»;
Governor Wood,'- 40c@$l 30, ; average '\71a :' ' : One
car sold to-day. > .Weather, dry and favorable..
Calif ornia: Fruit Sales.
BOSTON, May , 21.— The demand • for wool . has
only been moderate j during: the past week and
prices rule about the same as last week. . Ter
ritory wools remain steady in price and are
meeting with some sales . at the firmer ¦ range
of quotations. Fine medium and "fine and sta
ple Bcoured Is ¦, quoted at ¦ 40@42c, - while- the
strictly staple article .is ' selling at 44@45c.
Fleece wools are slow,' with No. 1 Ohio de
cidedly .weak. 1 it being very difficult; to sell
washed Ohio at over 25c. Australian wools in
this market are- quiet, and unchanged. • Terri
tory, scoured basis — Montana,': fine medium and
fine, , 14@15c; scoured. 42@43c; staple. ., 45@46c.
Utah, Wyoming and Idaho, ¦ fine ' medium and
fine. 12<8>14c: : scoured, 40@42c; staple, 44@>45c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices— Combing
superfine,.- nominal. 60@70c; . good, 66@6Sc; av
erage, 63@65c. :- •¦'-,-.;•:
Boston Wool 'Market.
CHICAGO, May 21.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3000;
steers, steady: butchers' stock, firm. : Good to
prime steers, $5 10@5 95; poor to medium, $4 00
05 05; stockers and feeders. $3 00@5 00; cows,
$2 90@4 70; heifers, $2 90@4 83; canners, $2 25®
2 SO; bulls, J2 90@4 40; calves, $3 50O5 50; Texas
fed steers, $4 25@5 40; bulls, J2 75@3 85. . ./
HOGS— Receipts, -¦ to-day; 27.000; to-morrow,
30,000; -estimated- left over, 2000. Slow,, top,,
$5 95. Mixed and butchers, $5 65@5 92%; good, to
choice heavy, $5 80@5 95: rough, heavy, $5 6u@
5 75: light, $5 60@5 87%; bulk of sales, $5 77%@
6 87% -¦ • - ¦ .- ¦¦•-¦. ';. ' ' ¦' ¦ • .. > •- '-:
SHEEP— Receipts, 13.000. Sheep, steady to
slow; lambs, firm. Good to choic»- wethers,
$4 30@4 60: fair to choice mixed, $4 \m\ 40;
western . sheep, J4@4 00: yearlings, $4 50®4 75;
native lambs, $4 60@5 73; western Iambs, : $5 00
@5 75. ' . ' - . ¦_ 1 •
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, May 21.— On the call the mar
ket for cotton was quiet,, with prices 11 and 3
points lower. Before the first. half hour had
elapsed July had- reached 7.82c, . with the feel-
Ing in the pit strong. Not until prominent
Western concerns offered July freely was there
any s.batement in the alarm of shorts. • Soon
after midday there was a reaction to 7.70c un
der-a better reading of the weekly Govern
ment report, but later the market . again
stiffened.. The market was finally steady, , with
prices 6@12 points higher on near months and
2- points lower on far months. .,
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 21.— A further rise of 5s
was scored iri the price of pigtln in London,
but this was not up to local expectations and
our market. In consequence, broke about 37%
points and closed easy in tone at $27 50@17 62%.
Trading was comparatively- slow all day.' The
close in London -was ecsy at the advance with
spot quoted at £126 J2s 6d. Futures at £126
Es. Under light, offerings the "copper market
in London 1 eased 5s,. closing easy with spot at
£69 13s 9d and futures at £70 Ss. The local
market for that metal,, however, ruled rather
ciuiet, but about steady at old prices/ 17c for
Lake Superior and 16%c for casting and elec
trolytic. ¦ Lead ruled dull, but' about . steady
at $4 37%, while in London an advance of Is
2d ' was noted, spot closing lower at £12 3s 9d.
No 'important developments, were noted in the
market for ppeltcr either hero or abroad,' prices
ruling." unchanged at both points. The domes-,
tic Iron markets ruled Inactive and unchanged.
New fork Metal ; Market.
NEW. YORK, May >!>1.— Special cable,' and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following j changes in . available sup
plies from the last acount. .-" • > •¦
¦ Wheat, United States and Canada, east of the
¦Eockiea, decreased 4,292,000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, increased 100,000 bushels. Total
supply, decreased, 4,192,000 bushels. • - ;-'.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 2,324,000 bushels. . I
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased '775,000 bushels. . .
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— •, July. Sept
Opening 5 10% 6 9%
Closing 5 11 6 10
' ' PARIS.'
Wheat— . May. July-Ayg.
Opening .'....... 19 85 20 55 s
Closing 19 90 20 65
Flour — 1 "
Opening ...........' 25 15 25 70
Closing ;... .' 25 30 25 85
A vailable Grain Supply.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14@18%c; dairies,
14@16%c. Cheese, 9@10%c. Eggs, lie.
*__ — ; — : . _.'.. _ ${.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ...' 24,000 21,000
Wheat, bushels 68,000 334.000
Corn, bushels I ..." 528,000 -332,000
Oats, bushels 422,000' . 198.000
Rye, . bushels ...... V. ........... 6,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 18,000. 1,000
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours: ' /__
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 21-^5 p. m.
Weather Report.
"Evaporated apples are firmer, 6e being
asked for prime and 4%c bid. There are few
really desirable lots of prime to be had. Waste
Is firm and in rome request. Reports from
the big apple-growing sections of Western New
York indicate a light crop this year."
"Teaches are firm, with a continued Inquiry
for low-grade fruit at 4%c. Apricots are firm
and selling fairly well. There is a steady
Mnall' demand for 40-50s, SO- 60s, 60-7Os and 90
100s prunes.
"A little more interest is noted In Calttornia
ree'dless Muscatels and unbleached Sultanas,
due possibly to the higher market on currants.
Fotth- hUElness is reported in seedless Muscatels
at 6%c and in unbleached Sultanas at 6%©7c.
Loose raisins are quiet. Sale of a small lot rf
2-crown wai reported at 5c. The market Is
particularly bare of 4-crown. Some inquiry
la noted for 2-crown California layers.
Mail advices from New York say: "Currants
are very firm, but the demand from the
country is only moderate, sales being chiefly
in 10-barrel' lots, with an occasional order for
a lartrer quantity. Stocks in jobbers' hands
generally are not large, but the trade is not
inclined to pay the advance, particularly at
this season of the year. Stocks in this market
will be increased by about 2500 barrels about
the middle cf June by the arrival of the Aisa
tia, which is reported . to have sailed- from
Patras on Tuesday.
Dried Fruit in New York.
EUREKA SUMMARY— Crops were much im
proved by rains. Prospects are good for
heavy yield of apples and cherries in locali
ties escaping severe frost. ! Fruit outlook very
promising. Humboldt strawberries are on
market.
LOS ANGELES SU Mil ART— Continued
clcutfy weather was favorable for growing
crops, but retarded haying. Grain is rlpcn
lne: very little rust reported. Bean planting
g-oin«r »-n: acreage lartre. Walnuts look well.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— Foggy nights
with considerable cloudiness during the day
hav* been favorable for crops of all kinds,
though somewhat retarding hay-making. Light
sprinkles of rain have occurred in some sec
tions. The prospect for a fair yield of grain,
le much better since the recent rains and in
some places It Is reported there will be a
large crop of wheat and barley. 5 There are
fome reports of rust on oats, but no material
damage is anticipated. A good crop of hay is
being harvested. Sugar beets are doing well.
Peaches will probably yield a fair crop, but
prunes will be light. Citrus fruits and {wal
nuts are in good condition.
SAN JOAQflN VALLEY— The weather dur
ing the past week has been clear with warm
days ar.d cool nights and very favorable tot
all growing crops. Wheat and barley are pro
gressing nicely, and while the grain crop will
be lieht In some sections it will be very good
•in others and as a whole the crop for entire
valley will be equally as large and as good as
<aft year's. Some early wheat Is being har
vested, but the general harvest will not begin
for a week yet. Grain prospects have greatly
improved during, the week. Haying continues
and a. lsigre crop of good quality will be har
vested. The second crop " of ¦ alfalfa looks
promising. Deciduous fruit and grape crops
are making fine progress. The peach, prune
and apricot crops will be light In most locali
ties. Much irrigating has been done and
¦water for this purpose continues abundant.
Flock cf all kinds are in good condition and
green feed continues plentiful.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS— The weather
durins the week has been favorable for the
growth of grain, hay and fruit. Fogs along
the coast have greatly benefited grain and
pasturage. The recent heavy rains materially
improved the condition of wheat and barley
and in most sections prospects • are good for
large crops. Late sown grain Is heading out.
Hay is yielding a heavy crop, excellent in
quality. Pasturage continues plentiful Inmost
pla«s. Corn, potatoes and hops are thrifty.
In portions of Sonoma County there will be
a light yield of peaches, prunes and cherries.
The cherry crop is also reported light in Ala
meda County. Other deciduous fruits con
tinue in good condition.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY— Cool weather dur
ing the week has been favorable for all crops.
Light showers have fallen in portions of the
valley, but the rain has not interfered with
hay-n-.aiing. which i« row progressing rapidly.
<ira:n has made a remarkable improvement
since the recent rains and in some places the
yield will be nearly double the amount antici
pated three weeks ago. A large crop of wheat
and barley will be harvested in all the grain
districts and present indications are that the
quality will be excellent. Hay is yielding a
fcesvy crop. Hops are making a ' vigorous
growth. Summer-fallow plowing Is In pro
prets. Olive trees are heavily laden with
blossoms and orange trees look well. Cherry
ricking is progressing and large shipments
are being ynade. Other fruits are in good
Large shipments of cherries are being made
from Yolo and Solano counties, where the
yield is said to be very good. In Alameda
County and portions of Sonoma County the
cherry crop. will be light. Apricots are being
6hipped from Vacaville. Deciduous fruit "pros
pects have not materially changed since last
week. Olives, oranges and walnuts are in
good condition.
Nearly normal temperatures have prevailed
throughout the State and the weather has been
irenerally cloudy or foggy in . must . . sections.
Light showers have fallen in Southern Cali
fornia and In portions of the Sacramento Val
ley. Rain is falling to-da>* in the coast and
bay sections and will probably extend over
Northern California. Conditions during the
week have been very favorable for all crops,
though slightly retarding hay-making.
Grain has shown remarkable improvement
Fince the recent rains in all the grain districts
north of the Tehachapi and even in Southern
California the prospects are much improved.
Late grain has made rapid growth and is look
ing strong and healthy. The yield of wheat
and barley in some sections will probably
exceed that of last season. Some grain has
been harvested in the San Joaquin Valley, but
the full harvest will not commence for a week
or ten days. Haying is progressing in nearly
all &eetions and a good crop of excellent hay
is being harvested. Sugar beets, beans, hops,
corn and vegetables are in good condition.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G." McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of
the Weather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
Dakotas. During the past twenty-four hours
the pressure has risen rapidly over California
and has fallen rapidly over the Upper Mis
souri Valley.
The temperature has risen from 8 to 20 de
grees in the Sacramento and San Joaquin val
leys and has fallen 30 degrees or more - over
Northern Utah and Southern Idaho. In the
great valleys of California the temperatures
are still about 10 degrees below the normal.
Rain has fallen over the northern portion
of the Pacific slope and also in Utah and
Northern Nevada.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours.- ending midnight. May 22:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, with
increasing cloudiness at night; light northerly
winds in the interior; <resh westerly winds on
the coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; much warmer;
fresh westerly winds.
Utah — Showers Wednesday; much warmer
Wednesday night: brisk northwest winds.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday; warmer; fresh
westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday
fresh northwest, changing to west winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast .Official.
..Dairy— Extras, ¦ 16c; i firsts, 15c ;'" seconds, 14c;
store, 13c." . ..'., -•. •' ¦ -.: .
CHEESE— Fancy, full 'cream, Sc; choice.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.* "
BUTTER— •-.:•>• - ,; ; '
Creamery— Extras, 17c; 'firsts, .16c;' seconds.
¦<¦' BUTTER— Creamery,-. . 17%@18c ' per lb -for
fancy : and 16%@17c * for seconds ; j dairy. : 14@16%c
per.lb.' '.'-'¦/:•-.¦ .i : , *.- - - -•' ".: '-»- .; ¦ '
- . CHEESE-^New, 1 , 8@9c; , old, ' nominal; Young
Americas, 9@10c. -'¦¦ . ¦ v ; . : : >
,'- EGGS— Ranch, " 14%@16c for <' good; to-' fancy;
store," 12%@13%c'per dozen. ¦ .
OPEN ..MARKET QUOTATIONS.
¦ The j last' Alaska orders for Butter are , now
being .¦; filled,' and '-with, this .'outlet 'suspended
stocks . are expected to^ accumulate. The*feel
lng • 13 • weak,' but quotations' are no lower. , J
.'Supplies of % Cheese continue : free, but previ
ous prices rule. 7&§iwR3IMi@8*fcttftMM3ffi l lW|W'
: Eggs are still in excessive supply," and deal
ers are inclined : to' shade the . market to ' sell.
Even, with concessions, the. demand .Is -very
slack for., the r quantity on hand. Most ; deal
ers have more", than they, can: handle. .
: Receipts • were 115,000 pounds and 134 tubs of
Butter, -1315 cases «. Eggs, -. 400 cases .Eastern
Eggs, -14, 750 -pounds California Cheese and
pounds. Eastern Cheese. .; • I'. .
Butter,. Cheese and Eggs.
'The market' Is In better condition for sellers.
stocks being moderate and | the demand good
for '- everything < except small broilers. ' Most
kinds show a small advance.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and ll@12c f or ¦ Hens ; Geese, per : pair, $1 25@
1 50; Goslings. $1 50@2; : Ducks.;$3 50®4 50 fo 4 \
old , and • $5®6 • for young ; Hens, $4@5; young
Roosters, \ $6 50®7 50; old Roo3ters. $4@4 50;
Fryers,' $4 50@5; Broilers, $3 50@4 for large
and $2@2 50 for -small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per
dozen for: old 5 and $1 25Q)1 60 ; for Squabs.'^ r-'.s.
GAME— Hare, $1©1 23: Rabbits, $1 23@1 50
for . Cottontail and 75c@$l-. for Brush. . -¦
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes continue very firm. : During the past
day or so floods along , the Sacramento River
have washed out a good .many plantations,
thus cutting down immediate supplies of the
new crop, and . as the season Is a month late
and old 'Potatoes are scarce, the market is in
fine shape for sellers. Onions, both old and
new, are : easy , and quiet.": :
. Winters sent in Tomatoes, which brought
$125 per box, and Cucumbers which brought
60c per> dozen.,: Garlic and Cabbage are lower.
The summer vegetables continue plentiful and
easy.. ' V * ¦
Receipts i were 1023 boxes Asparagus, 180
boxes Rhubarb,' . 313 sacks Bay Peas and 168
sacks 'String Beans. -
' POTATOES— Barly Rose are about out; Bur
banks, 50c@$l for River, and $1 25@1.75' for
Oregon; Garnet 1 Chiles, :$1 40® 1 60; Sweets, 65'
@>75c for Merced; . New Potatoes, -1%@2%c per
lb In sacks and $175@2 35'.ln boxes.
ONIONS-rAustrallans,. Jobbing, ati$4@4 50;
Green Onions, 25@35c per box; New Red, 75o
@$1 per sack. / " ¦'¦
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 50c@$l - pnr r box;
Asparagus, $1 50@l 75 for ¦ largo, ' 75c@$l 25 per
box for No.' 1 and 25@50e/for. No. 2; Green
Peas. , 65c@$l [ per sack ; /Garden Peas, 2@2'4c:
String Beans. • 3@4c ¦ for Vacaville and 4®5o
for River: Cabbage, 65@75c per ctl ; Tomatoes,
Mexican, ¦ $l(gil 25 per crate ; ;f rom Los Angeles,
50c@$l 25; . Dried ' Peppers, 12@lSc; Dry Okra,
15c per lb ;: Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers. 75c@$l per dozen'/ Marysville Cu
cumbers $1 50® 2 25 per box; Garlic. 8@10c per
lb for old and 4c for, new ; Green • Peppers. : 6©>
10c per lb ; - Egg ; Plant, ¦ 10@15c per lb ; Green
Corn, 40@50c- per dozen; Summer Squash, 75«5)
$1 per; box. . ' . . .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White, $4 90
@5; Large WMte, $4@4 20; > Pink, $1 40@l 70;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Ldmas, $6 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, ' nominal; . Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, ,$3 50@3; Canary, 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa,' nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c; Hemp, 3%c; Timothy, 6%c. •
DRIED 1 PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions, and Vegetables.
The situation in Beans remains ¦'.; just the
same. Llmas and Whites are firm, Bayos are
in fair, demand, and Pinks are being freely of
fered at shading prices. Seeds are nominal,
there -being no business.
V Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled - Barley, $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2S@26; jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18 ; Corn Meal.
$27 59@28; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. . ; • .
HAY— Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat. $U@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, -$S@9 50; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale. ' . -- : '
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 60 per ton.
x Hay and Feedstuff s.
•No more new Har has .been received for
several days. When it comes in it brings $7@8
per ton. Old Hay Is steady and unchanged.
Bran ¦ and Middlings continue firm.
' BRAN— $16 50@17 59 per ton. .
. FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' , Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. ¦ ... .
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 76; Rye Meal, $2 50;
Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3; extra cream do,
$3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 75@4; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 50;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85; in sacks, $6@7 50;
Pearl Barley, $5;. Split Peas,- $5; -Green Peas,
$6 60 per 100 lbs. . . -
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— Light stocks and a firm market are
still reported by the trade. Small round Yel
low, $1 50; Eastern Yellow, $1 27%@1 30; White.
$135; mixed, $1 25@1 27%. ' -
RYE— Continues dull at 80@82%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse. . ' •
1 '''J-Cv.i' .'¦ - ; v ~~^ — . ' i
Second Session — No sales.
.Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
Afternoon Session— No sales. ' '*
. OATS— There is hardly any demand at the
moment, but ¦ dealers' refuse to sell under full
figures. Offerings are moderate. White $1 37%
O155; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1350145; Black.
$1 17%@1 30 per ctl. - *. • ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, 70%c. .
Feed, 75@77%c for No. 1 and 70@72%c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80085c;
Chevalier, nominal, v .. . .
t ' CALL BOARD SALES. ¦ . < .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
. Second ; Session— December— 6000 ctls $1 03 '
., R JS ular M oming Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 03%. • May— 4000, 97%c. ¦ . .
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls
$103%; 10, 000, $103.
BARLEY— The market continues extremely
dull ' and quotations are largely nominal. : Of
ferings are not heavy, but are more than the
demand calls for. . . ¦ .
The local ¦ market was H several ¦ fractions
firmer, but the-, shippers quoted a fraction
lower.
_fP°t Wheat— Shipping. 97%@98%c; milling. $1
@1 03% per ctL . ,
The feeling In Chicago was firmer and tho
market advanced lc. In fact, ' firmness was the
feature of all American markets, and a bullish
sentiment is gradually growing. This is due
to Consular reports of the unfavorable condi
tion of the German crops, to complaints of dry
weather. In the Northwest, light receipts and a
large decrease in stocks of contract wheat. Tha
shorts are covering, and bears are not as plen
tiful • as they have been. Most commission
houees had small buying orders. The Southwest
also -bought freely, but little wheat came out.
The dry weather in the Northwest is begin
ning to be a factor, and Is. creating a good
deal of talk. ' ;
.WHEAT, FREIGHTS— Are steady at 88s 8d®
87s 6d, according to the size of th» carrier.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a. reg
istered tonnage of 28,420. against 22,370 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 1452
tons, against 7710; on the way to this port,
173,600 tons, against 184.300. " _^
WHBAT-The foreign markets showed no
change worthy, of note.
Wheat and Other Grains.
i^The Coptic took out a treasure list of $130,109,
consisting of $6939 in Mexican dollars, $170 in
gold coin and $123,000 in' silver bullion. .
Sterling Exchange. 60 days:.:... — ' $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight.......... — 4 88
Sterling Cables — . 4 89 *
New York Exchange, sight........ — 10"
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce.......... — 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal... 49% © 60
Exchange and Bullion.
~ " . /. OREGON.
Potatoes. »ks.~w S70/
FOB TUBSDAT. MAT H.
Flour, or ska..... 5,530 Hay, torn......... 217
Wheat, ctls....~. 8,195 Straw, tons...*... S
Barley, ctls 480 Wool, bales. M
Oats, ctls.... 240 Pelt*. bdl» 121
Ry». ctls ~»~- 400 Hides. No — 440
Potatoes, ska..... 933 Tallow, ctls S3
Onion*, sks. ...... 932 Wine. gals.. S4.CC0
Bran, sks 150 Quicksilver, flsks 196
Middlings, sks... 200 Leather, rolls.... 204
LUMBER— Retail prices are aa follows: Pine-,
ordinary sizes, $18^19; extra s!zea. higher: Red
wood, $1S<819: Lath. 4 feet. $3 9<XB>4: Pickets. $20;
Shingles, $2 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic,
$23®I3. ___^_^^^_
Receipts of Produce. "'1 T
Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered, 5.85c: Candy Gran
ulated, 6.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners* A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated, 8.75c; Mag
nolia'A, 5.35c; Extra C. 5.23c: Golden C. 5.13c;
barrels, 10c more; half -barrels, 23c xnar«; boxes.
60o more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken,
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domi
nos. half-barrels, 6.30c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
SALT— H. R. H. Is quoted at US TS p«r ton
in large sacks and $19 73 In EOs. Liverpool is
quoted at $17®18 SO for the best and S14 50@15 23
for lower grades. Hlgglns'. $27 50@30 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $45 50(3*47 per flask for local
use and $46®47 v for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Retrains: Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Load. 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7®7%c. according to
quantity. ¦•__*• ,
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c: Extra Star, 23c; .'Elaine, 24c: Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 13c; In
cases. 21c; Benzine, In bulk. 14c; In cases. 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in cases, 28c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon in cases and
49c In drums or iron barrels. " ¦¦
OILS — California Castor Oil, In cases. Not 1,
75c; pure, tl 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
75c; raw. 73c; cases. 6c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c: cases. S5c: China
Nut, S5&S5C per gallon : pure Neatsf oot Oil. bar
rels, 65c; cases, 70c: Sperm, pure, 65c; Whala
Oil. natural white. 37%®42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— 14®13c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; li%?ai3%c for prlma
washed; U@ll%c for good washed; U%@13c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 10Sll%c for
good. to prime peaberry: 10%@ll%c for good to
prime; 9@10c for good current mixed with
black beans; 8%@9%c for fair: 6@7%c for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador— ir®13%c for strict
ly prime washed; 9@U%c for good to prime
washed; 8@S%c for fair washed; 10%g>12c for
good to . prime washed peaberry; 8%@9c for
good to prime- semi-washed; 8%@3T»e for su
perior unwashed; 8@3%e for good green un
washed; S^^ic for good to superior unwashed
peaberry; 6©7%o for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 12®15c for prime to fancy washed:
9@ll%c for fair to strictly good washed; 7%®
8%o for good to superior unwashed; 9<{$9%c for
good to prime- unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and " Mexican— 12@15%c for prime to fancy
washed: 10%@ll%c for strictly good washed:
9%©10%o for good washed; 8©9Ho for fair
washed; 7%®7%c for medium; 5%@7c for in
ferior to ordinary; 10%@12%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9@9%c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 8@S%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 28®32o per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26330c: Sole Leather, light.
25@28c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27®23o; Rough
Leather, light. 25®26c: Harness Leather, heavy,
S3!8>39c for No. 1 and 30<333c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium. 30®37c; Harness Leather,
light, 29®35c; Skirting, 36<04Oc; Collar Leather.
I5@16c per foot: Kip. unfinished. 40<350c per lb;
Veal, finished. 50<3o5c: Calf, finished, 73c@$l 20:
Sides, finished. 16@17c per foot: Belt Knlfa
Splits. 14016c; Rough 'Splits. 8#10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $2«@2S per ton; StlcS.
$18020 per cord. .. ..v ?
dies. "Golden State." 7%c; middles. "White
Seal." 8%q« 5-lb boxes fancy. Boneless. 9c;
2-lb boxes, fancy, ' Boneless, 7%c; Desiccatel,
per dozen. 75c: Pickled Cod. barrels, each.
$7 75: Pickled Cod. half barrels, each, $4 75.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat irregular, with higher futures.
Barley very dull and more or less nominal.
Oafs, Corn and Rye neglected. ,: ¦
Hay and Feedstuff s steady to firm.
Beans show no further cliange worthy of note.
Potatoes scarce and firm. Onions quiet and easy.
I'cgctables in good supply.
Butter, Cltecse and Eggs continue plentiful.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes weak and dull.
Fresh Fruits in unusually light receipt this year.
Dried Apricots firtn and in improving demand.
Honey dull, weak, owing to the fine crop prospects.
Poultry in fair demand.
Hams and Lard weak.. Bacon steady.
Beef and Mutton lower and Pork weak.
Hops firm and closely held. New Wool selling zvcll.
Hides fairly steady at about previous prices.
No variation in oils. .
Fair trading on the local stock 1 'exchanges.
Shipment of $130,109 to China.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Condition of the\Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 21.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances . shows: \' Available
cash balance, $159,063. 7C3; gold, $95,299,887. -"*
NEW YORK, May 21.— Close: Money on call,
firm, at 4®5 per cent; last loan, 4: ruling; rate,
4%; crime mercantile paper, 4<@>4% per cent.
Sterling exchange firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 88% ¦ to $4 88% for demand
and at $4 84@4 84% for 60 days; posted rates,
$4 83%<f?4 89: commercial bills, $4 84@4 84!*. Sil
ver certificates, nominally 60c; bar silverf E9%c;
Mexican dollars, 49c. Government bonds, weak;
State bonds, inactive;, railroad bonds, irregu
lar.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, May 21.— Atchison,- 78%: Canadian
Pacific," 106; Union Pacific preferred, • 92%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 101: -Grand Trunk,
11%; Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver, quiet, 27%d
per ounce; money, 3@3% per cent.
CLOSING.
A holiday feeling pervaded the stock market
here to-day. The stagnation was general and
all stocks were heavy. American shares were
hardly mentioned. - They stuck at the lower
level set by New York, with the single excep
tion of Louisville and Nashville and Union Pa
cific, which were quietly bought up. Money
rates were unaltered. -
NEW YORK, May 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: .
London 'Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westlngh Elec 61
Call loans ...!4@5 Bonds —
Time loans 4@5 Atchison 4s 101%
Stocks— - N E G & Coke 5s. 64
Atchison 77% Mining shares—
do prefd 98 Adventure 15 ¦
Am Sugar 147% Bingham 22%
do prefd 121H Amalg Copper ....II41.2
Am Telephone..... 179% Atlantic 30
Boston & Albany.. 254 Boston & Mont.... 425
Boston ,Elevated...l83% Butte & Boston. ..105
Beston & Maine. ..196 Calumet & Hecla.840
C B * Q 195«i Centennial ......... 28
Dom Coal 25% Franklin 18
do prefd ..115. Humboldt ......... 30
U S Steel ......... 44% Osceola .........;.. 87%
do prefd ...,. 93% Parrot ' .. &3~
Gen Electric 222 Quincy 165
Mex Cent 26% Santa Fe Copper.. 77
N E G & Coke.... 10% Tamarack .320
Rubber 21% Utah Mining ...... 28%
Union Pacific .....103% Wlnona ...: ." 3 ¦
Union Land 3 Wolverines .; 55
West End 94%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con, 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 40 Ontario 8 00
Breece 1 1 60 Ophir .............. 85
Brunswick Con ... 17 Phoenix :..... 12
Comstock Tunnel.. ,05 Potosi 04
Con Cal & Va 2 15 Savage '...... 10
Deadwood Terra... 60 Sierra. Nevada..... 12
Horn Silver 1 15 Small Hopes ...... 45
Iron Silver 60 Standard S C5
Leadville Con 05
100 New Jersey Central ..........158
*SX ew Tork Central ...1E1»4
1,300 Norfolk & Western .....60
""™ Norfolk &' Western 'prefd. .¦...". 87»4
•,200 Northern Pacific 160
• H2? Northern Pacific prefd 98
1.800 Ontario & Western ..:': 32%,
••;••" .Plttsburg Chicago & St Louis 74
6.100 Pennsylvania .I4;ai
9.800 Reading "1*?
Reading 1st prefd 75%
7,900 Reading 2d prefd 52H
. 100 St Louis & San Fran 42%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 82
800 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd...... 68^
• 100 St Louis Southwestern .'.... .'33
900 St Louis Southwestern prefd 62H
40,200 St Paul ..;.... 161'/?
St Paul prefd ..183V,
17,700 Southern Pacific .. ......:..... .;....:. 48
10,800 Southern Railway ......'.... .:..'oO\i
2.600 Southern Railway prefd 82%
4,800 Toledo St Louis and Western.. 23%
1,250 Toledo St Louis & Western prefd.. 37&
7,100 Texas & Pacific .:.................;.. 46^
16,500 Union Pacific ...'.......V.:'.;:;::... ;.".'. .103^4
6.800 Union Pacific prefd 88%.
8.300 Wabash 2l£
26,600 Wabash prefd 40%
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie ;.„..... 17%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd..... 29%
BOO Wl6eonsln Central ;... 19%
..;.... Wisconsin Central prefd ....'42 .
Express companies—
Adams 175 '
100 American ....191
United States ..;. 80
Wells-Fargo 14t) ~
Miscellaneous — >
28,100 Amalgamated Copper .....114%
600 American Car A Foundry 24%
700 American Car & Foundry prefd'..'.. 79\4
1S.4P0 Linseed Oil 25Vi
16,800 Linseed Oil prefd 64 .
600 American Smelting & Refln 66H
700 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 96
7,900 American Tobacco 125%
3,100 Anaconda Mining. Co
13,500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ., 25%
1,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron ...;...;.......: 96 -
1.900 - Consolidated ¦ Gas ...4. ..'.220%
6,000 ;Contlnental Tobacco 65%
600 Continental Tobacco prefd 108
. 400 General Electric ;.: 221
800 Glucose Sugar :.. 67%
100 Hocking Coal 17%
800 International Paper '. 23%
700 International Paper prefd 78^4
2,100 International Power .*.. 97%
Laclede Gas 82%
1.000 National Biscuit ..; 46%
7,600 National Lead :...?..:..„.... 22%
100 National Salt .... 43%
200 National Salt prefd 75
200 North American ......:. 83
100 Pacific Coast ...:
700 Pacific Mail 30
113,600 People's Gas ..114%
100 Pressed Steel Car 43
600 Pressed Steel Car prefd 84
Pullman Palace Car ..: 205
700 Republic Iron & Steel.:....... lb%
400 Republic Iron & Steel prefd... 74 .
14.700 Sugar J. ...147%
1,200 Tennessee Coal & Iron 66%
Union Bag '. 12%
200 Union Bag prefd 70
1.900 United States Leather 12%
1,100 United States Leather prefd.. 77%
SOO United States Rubber 21
' 400 United States Rubber prefd 62
400 "United States Steel 44%
29,300 United States Steel prefd 93%
2,400 Western Union %.. 92%
64S.3OO Shares sold. •
CLOSING BONDS. ,
U S ?s refunding NY Cent lets 10754
reg i 106% N J Cent gen 5s. .132%
do coup 106% North *Pac 3s . 71%
do 3s reg ..109 do 4s ...105
do coup ...109 N Y C & St L 4s.lO7%
do new 4s reg. ..137% Norf & W con 4s.l01%
do coup ..137% Or Nav lsts 109
do old 4s reg 113% do 4s 104
do coup 113% Or S Line 6s .....127
¦ do 6s reg 108% do con 5s 118
do coup 108% Reading gen '4s ..'95%
Dlst of Col 3.65s. .125% R G W lsts... 101%
Atchison gen 4s.... 102% St L & I M con 5s. 114%
do adj 4s 95% St L & S F gen 6s. 133
Can South 2ds ..-..10?% St Paul cons 190 '
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l05% St P C & Pac lsts. 118.
do 6e 119% do 5s ...119%
C & N W con 7s.. 137% South Pac 4s 93%
do S F deb 5s. ...121% South Ry 5s 116%
Chi Term 4s ...:.. 94% S Rope & T 6s 58%
Colo South 4s.%... 67% Tex & Pac lsts... 119%
D & R G 4s 101% do 2ds ..100
Erie gen 4s ..: 87% Union Pac 4s 106
Ft.W & D C lsts. 110% Wabash lsts- 117
(Jen Elec 6s 185% Wabash 2ds 110
Iowa Cent lsts ...117 1 West Shore 4s ..-..113%
L & Nash uni 4s.. 102% Wis Cent lsts .... 89
M K & T 2ds 82% Va Centuries ...:. 95
do 4s ; 98%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
PACIFIC ; CODFISH— Stocks are light every
where and all markets rule firm, 'Bundles, per
lb. -5c; cases. Regular, $5 50; cases. Extra
I^argf?, $5 75; cases. Eastern Style. $6 50* Bone
less. 7c; "Norway.'? 7c; "Narrow Gauge." 7%c
"Silver King," 7&c; blocks, "Oriental." 64c
blocks, "Seabrlsrht," 7%c; Tablets, 7%c; mid-
COAL — Wellington, $9- per ton;- Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bxyant, $8 60; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland; $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania" Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per. ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$S 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton, accord
ine to brand. .
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, • 13c per lb-
Sisal size. 10c: Bale • Ror>e, 9^ic: Dudex - 9c"
Terms, 60 .days, or 1V4 per cent cash discountl
I^pts- of 10,000 lbs,- lc less. • "count.
CANNED FRUI'TS— Extras Jn 2%-lb,tlns are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 50; Cherries. $2
for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes, $1 35;
Peaches, 65c@$l 75; Pears, $183; Plums, $133®
1 40: Quinces. $1 65: Strawberries. $1 75.,, -
. GRAIN BAGS— San Quentin Baga. $5 65; Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 7@7V£c; local make. %c less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c. - ,
General Merchandise.
• ¦¦
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. 6V,c:
180 to 225 lbs. 6V4c;. 225 and over. 6%@6c; feed
ers, ; dressed Hogs, 7V4@9%c
LAMB— Spring, 8@9c per pound.
As usual at this time of the year the market
is becoming better supplied with all descrip
tions, and lower prices for Beef and Mutton
are reported. ,Veal and Lamb • remain about
the same, and Hoes are - weak - and In better
supply at the decline established several days
ago. ¦
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to -dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7©7Hc for Steers and 6®5&o per Ib
for cows. ...
• VEAL— Large, 7%©8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON—^Vethers, 7@7%e;. Ewes,' 6 l y4®7c
per pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 15@16c per lb; Northern, free, 12®
13c: defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free. 10®
lla: do, defective. 8@10c: Southern, 12 months.
S@9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7010c; do, de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine, 15
<S16c: do, medium and coarse, 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice. 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9®llc:
Nevada. 10©12c. . , - .,
HOP3-15@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and- Hops.
• Hops ! continue- firm. 1 : with stocks greatly re
duced and growers unwilling to contract their
new output. '\*"?%S/BBBStik
Wool remains as before reported, the demand
for choice . new clips being good, . while old
clips are neslected.
Hides show no change of note,
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands b«11
about Vrio under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8@84c; Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
6%c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9@9%o; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c: Culls. 13Viffll4c: Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 16@17c; Culls and Brand*,
13ffrl4c: SheeDskins, shearlings, 15@30c each;
short Wool. SQ@OOc each; medium, 60@73c; long
Wool, ' 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, Jl 75 for
large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, S5c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin sidns.
20c. ' Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. SUc; medium, 35c.
I TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; extra
fine, 5c: No. 2, 3%<©4c; grease. 2<32Hc.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c: one tierce, 854c; two tierces.
S'/ic; five tierces, 8&c per lb.- . . '.•..'¦¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 69ic per lb for com
pound and 10®10%c for pure; half-barrels, pur*.
10i4@l0%c; 10-lb tins. 10%@ll>4o; 6-lb tins.
l&T6@ll%o. " ¦ ' .
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%@13c for light medium, 13V4c for light. 14%o
for extra light and 13%c for sugar-cured ; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12H@13c; Mess Beef, $13
per barrel; extra Mess. J12 50; Family. $11 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $23; Meas,
$19; Smoked Beef, 13%4?14c per lb.
Hams and Lard are weak at the slight re
duction already reported. Bacon Is - steady,
with- no cutting reported. All other goods are
as previously quoted. . •
Provisions.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7%c for Royals;- Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches,
3^®^ for standard. 4}J@5H for choloe and 6@
6V60 for fancy; Pears, 2©7c; Plums, pitted, Z&
4c; unpltted, , l@l%c; Nectarines. 4@4%c for
red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c: 40-BOs, 6%o: 6O-60S, 4%c;
60-703, 3%c;. 70-803, 3J4o 80-80s. 2%c; 90-lOOs,
2«c; 100-1203, l>ic. 7
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers". Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 13c per lb: choice., lie:
standard. 10c; prime, 9c; . unbleached Thbmp
oon's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 60-lb boxes,
M&c: 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, $%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand — 2-crown, Ec; 3-crown. 5Uc, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6ttc;
London Layers, 2-crown, $1 60 per box; 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, $3. AH price© f. o. b. at common
shipping points In California.
NUTS— "Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 10@lle: No.
2, '7V4@Sc; No. 1 hardshell, 10c; No. -2 6@7c*
Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10®llc for soft
shell and ' 5@6c for hardshell ; Peanuts, 5@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@llUc; Filberts
12@12%c; Pecans, 110)13c; Oocoanuts, $3 60®5
HONEY— Comb, 12@12Vic for bright and 11©
ll^c for light amber; water. white extracted.
4%@5^c; light amber extracted, 3H@4%c; dark,
3V4c. •
BEESWAX— 25<S28c oer lb.
weak, owing to the large output expected.
Aprtcots are the only fruit to chow any par
ticular life at the moment. They are well
cleaned up, and as the crop will be very short
they are naturally firm, nnd In more or lew
demand.' V .
Raisins and Nuts are quiet and featureless.
A sale of very fine- water whlt» new comb
Honey at 10c per lb. Is reported. - Honey Is
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CHERRIES— Receipts were - 2900 boxes, sell-
Ing at 25@50c per box for red, 5Og'T5c for dark
and 75@90c for Royal Anne.
CHERRY PLUMS— 50@60c per drawer.
STRAWBERRIES— J,6ty9 per chest for Long
worths and $3 £0@5 for large berries. Receipts'
were 269 chests and 540 crates. The latter sold
at 90c@Jl 10 per crate.
LOGAN BERRIES— «0@12 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— From Newcastle. 11 B0 per
crate. , . . - -,
RASPBERRIES— \ per ¦ drawer; from
Newcastle, $1 25@1 60 per. crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 23g'30o 1 per drawer; Eng
lish, per lb. ' ¦
) CURRANTS— 35©50c per crate and 33@50o per
drawer. - -
CITRUS FRUITS— Naval Oranges. 75c@$2 25;
Seedlings, 60c@Jl 50; Tangerines, 50c®$l 25:
Lemons, 7Sc@$l 25 for common and tl S0@2 50
for good to choice: Grape Fruit, 60c@Jl 50;
Mexican Limes, $4<j?4 SO; Bananas, tl 60®2 50
per bunch for New Orleans and $1@2 for Hon
olulu; Pineapples, $2® 4 per dozen.
APPLES— Eastern. $2 25@2 50 per box; local,
green, 60@75c.
APRICOTS— 75c@W 23 per crate and 50c@$l 23
per box. . ' • .
Oranges are quoted •very dull and weak, aa
the fresh summer fruits now have the prefer
ence. Eight cars are announced ¦ for the auc
tion to-day. Lemons and Limes continue
plentiful and weak.
Apples and Apricots and coming In slowly
and prices are generally maintained. Eighteen
boxes of Peaches came In,' bringing $1 25@1 5«
per box. But few Cherry Plums are seen.
. Cherries sell fairly, receipts being much
smaller than usual at this time of the year.
Arrivals of Berries are moderate and good
prices are quoted. ' The same may be said of
Currants. There are not many Gooseberries
coming In, but the demand for them 13 not
brisk.
:- ;";, .'-. " DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Ttte: common, nominal: Young 1 America*, •Vic;
Eastern, full cream. 14©16o per lb.,
EGOS- « , • ¦ ¦ ¦
California Ranch-Selected White, HHcj
mixed colors, 13c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. Utfc: standard,
12c; seconds, . •'.-.»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 22, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
closa about steady, State, common. (04^e;
prime, 4H@4Hci choice, 6tfo; fancy, «06ft«..
California fruits ruled dull but about steady
at usual prices. , .
¦ PRUNES— 3i4®7e per pound, a* to size and
qu^uity. ••-.-¦¦ ,.. -^
APRICOTS— Royal, V^Qlie'. Moorpark, 814
.PEACHES-Pe^ed, 12^®20c; unpeeled, 6%@
Chicago Grain Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 21.— Wheat, unchanged; blue
stem, Elc; club, | 59c.
PORTLAND, May 21.— Wheat, firm; Walla
Walla, 60@61c. - • . . -
Cleared— British ship Fulwood for Talucaha
no with 120,496 bushels wheat.
OREGON.
Dull
8
New York Grain and Produce.
FTATIOXS.
I Last I Thli I L««t
124 Hours! Season. I Beasoc.
Eureka. • — - COS
rusd, Bluff ....; 0.14-
Sacramento ......... 0.16
San Francisco ; 0.26
Fresno -~ ;:.;... Trace .
Independence ....... 0.00
San Luis Oblepo.... .0.11
Los Angeles V... 0.00
Ean Diego ..:...".... 0.02
46.94
24.51,
19.77
20.87
11.02
6.61
31.07
15.W .
U.23
-48.69
22.94
. 20.24
IX. 42
10.27
. 2.65
, 17.20
7.91
S.S9
FTATIOXS.
I Last I Thli I L««t
124 Hours! Season. I Beasoc.
Eureka. • — - COS
rusd, Bluff ....; 0.14-
Sacramento ......... 0.16
San Francisco ; 0.26
Fresno -~ ;:.;... Trace .
Independence ....... 0.00
San Luis Oblepo.... .0.11
Los Angeles V... 0.00
Ean Diego ..:...".... 0.02
46.94
24.51,
19.77
20.87
11.02
6.61
31.07
15.W .
U.23
-48.69
22.94
. 20.24
IX. 42
10.27
. 2.65
, 17.20
7.91
S.S9
AUCTION SALES
POSTPONED ON ACCOUNT OF RAIN.
AUCTION SALE
60 HEAD GENTLE WORK, DKrVTXQ and
BUSINESS HORSES.
Weighing From 1000 to 1450.
Consigned by J. P. HYNES. BRENTWOOD.
Contra Costa County.
To Be Sold on
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY ..:..MAT 23. 1901
At 11 A. M.. at
SALESYARD, 17S2 MARKET ST.. CORNER
- .:, • VAN NESa
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Klllip & Co..
Horses now at yard. Livestock Auctioneers.
l) rfg* Basra a-r ft
'Any one desiring a safe investment which t#
X brings appreciaftle returns, will be interested in 500 P,
p/ shares of stock we have for sale in a large manufactur- (A
ffl ing enterprise which is just beginning operations in ¦• HP
V California., The stock at present rates will pay 333 : iY)
A) per cent /on : '-in vestments. Judicious investors should (\*
;jy ; call on us and take advantage cf this opportunity. Vw
7 WEST COAST INVESTMENT CO., V>HAIRMAN OF SOUTHERN PA
CIFIC DIVISION OF ORDER OF*"
RAILWAY TELEGRAPHERS.
PETITION IN INSOLVENCY— C. A.- York,
black«mlth, of Healdsburg. filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. Ha owes $1940 and has J10S SO
asset* ¦ ...¦ - -: .. .•
Suits for divorce were -filed by; Sarah
M. Moore against George T. Moore for
failure to ' provide and Herminla Rodri
guez against Antonio Rodriguez for deser
tion.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Peter Brandt from, Helen Brandt
for desertion and Thomas Comes; from
Minnie Comes for infidelity.
In the Divorce Court.
It was learned yesterday that the boys
In the chorus of the, Columbia Minstrel
Company had all been paid in full for
their services at the Alhambra. The per
formances closed last Sunday evening,
and through a misunderstanding over the
amount due them they created a disturb
ance. The following day William Bracket,
the treasurer of the Columbia Minstrels,
was. at the theater and the boys were paid
In full.
Chorus Boys Were Too Hasty.
The annual ,reunion and Dlcnlc of St.
Dominic's parish will be held at Glen
Ellen, Sonoma County, to-morrow. A spe
cial boat will "leave Tiburon ferry at 9
o'clock a. m. sharp.
There will be dancing in the large pavil
ion on the grounds and jig and reel danc
ing
Nurrferous games and races will be held
during the afternoon, and about BOO gate
and game prizes will be distributed.
St. Dominic's Church Picnic.
Rehearsals have been in progress for
more than a week. The price of admission
Is 25 cents, which secures a reserved scat.
The following performers will appear:
Interlocutor. Frank S. Drady: bones. Dr.
J. P. McCarthy, George Sweeney and Ai
Smith; tambos James B. Whittemcre,
Henry L. Auerbach, George S. Oarr; spe
cialties, Holland sisters, Miss Julia Tur
pin; barytone solo. James G. Fraser; bass
solo, J. G. Qulnn; tenors, Harry S. Col
man. John M. Glennon.
An interesting programme has been ar
ranged for the sick fund benefit to Di
vision No. 5, Ancient Order of Hibernians,
which will be elven at Native Sons' Hall
Thursday evening. May 23. A feature of
the entertainment will be the appearance
of Army and Navy Parlor's minstrels. Be
sides a number of specialties are on the
bill.
Hibernians' Minstrel Show.
Class 4 — Best advertiser's page; most
original and effective: extra framed copy
to go to advertiser.
Class 3— Best lithograph page; no limit
on number of colors; design, general ef
fect and execution all considered.
Class 2— Best page of color work, three
or more colors; design, harmony of colors
and execution all considered.
A beautiful souvenir of sixty pages,
which contains some of the finest work
manship ever executed by the printers of
the State, will be given away free to those
who attend. In order to induce the orint
ers to compete with spirit and to produce
their best possible work in preparing the
souvenir the following prizes were of
fered:
Class 1 — Best typographical page, type
or type and engraving in combination,
composition and presswork both consid
ered; one or two colors.
The Employing Printers of California
and Associated Trades will suspend labor
next Saturday and resort to the hills and
shady glens of El Campo for a day of
pleasure. In honor of the occasion the
shops and stores of all printers, paper
dealers, type founders, ink and roller
makers, bookbinders, lithographers, wood
engravers, electrotypers, stereotypers and
die engravers will be closed. An elaborate
programme has been arranged for the
outing and the committees who have the
arrangements in charge are sparing no
efforts to make the affair a complete suc
cess.
Best Possible Workmanship to
Be Given Away.
PRINTERS WILL HOLD
OUTING AT EL CAMPO
Elaborate Souvenirs Containing the
Volunteer Officers Who Are Mustered
Out of the Service.
WASHINGTON. May 2L— By direction
of the President the following named offi
cers are honorably discharged as quarter
masters, United States Volunteers, only:
Majors Medad C. Martin, John B. Bellin
per, Robert R. Stephens. Captains H. P.
Young. George G. Bailey, Robert L.
Brown. Amos W. Kimball, Jonathan Pat
ton. William M. Coulling. Harry B.
Chamberlain. William S. Scott. Charles
T. Baker, William C. Colquhoun. Walter
H. Baker, George L. Goodale, Jesse M.
Baker, William C. Cannon, Nathan P.
Uatchelder. Ira Fredendall, Daniel W.
Arnold, Archibald W. Butt. Leo S. Rou
diz, John C Brooks. Gonzales S. Bing
ham, Chauncey B. Baker, First Lieuten
ants T. B. Lamoreaux and William C.
I»avis.
The following named officers in the vol
unteer quartermaster's department are
discharged outright, to take effect June
Sf»: Majors Morris C. Hutchins, William
J. White. Noble H. Creager, Captains
Kllas H. Parson. Edward C. McDowell.
Moses Walton Jr.. Thomas Downs, Henry
J. May. Walter Allen. Lewis V. Williams,
John W. McHarg, Patrick H. McCaul,
Sylvanus G. Orr, George W. Povey. Al
van G. Gillem. Marion McMillin. John
Gibbon Jr., William E. Horton, Louis F.
Gerrard Jr., Harry L. Pettus, Kensey B.
Hamilton, Thomas B. Swobe and William
M. Elkin.
DEATH'S LIST IN LTJZON.
General MacArthur Imf orms the "War
Department of Hecent Casualties.
WASHINGTON, May 21 —General Mac-
Arthur. at^Ianila, has cabled the follow
ing list of casualties to the War Depart
ment:
Dysentery. April 23. Company A. First
Ir.fantry, George Wilkenson; April 27th,
Company H, Sixth Infantry, John J.
Whelan; May 1, Company H, Eighth In
fantry, Robert H. McGaskey; May 15,
Company I, Eighth Infantry, John
>»aughton.
Typhoid fever. May 3, Company H, Sig
nal Corps. Sergeant James J. O'DouneTl.
Drowned, bodies not recovered. May 13.
Company F. Tenth Cavalry. Sergeant
"V/alter W. Board, Shelley Moran.
All other causes, April 26, Company D,
? wenty-seventh Infantry. Corporal Wil
l!am K. Hall: May 4. Company H. Elght
oenth Infantry. George Heeb; March 22,
Oorr.pariy F, Forty-third Infantry, Charles
K. Minard; May 8. Company I, Third In
fantry, Edward E. Hockley: May 12,
Company I. Fourth Cavalry, Corporal H.
P. Sullivan: April 26, Company C. Twen
ty-Ffventh Infantry, Sergeant William G.
Moreland: May 8. Company A, Twenty
eighth Infantry. Edward Roxbury; April
39, Company M, Fifth Cavalry, Jacob
Eursehel.
General MacArthur also reports the
transport Thomas' arrival at Manila.
MALVAB, IS THE DICTATOR.
"War on Americans.
Rebel General "Will Continue to Wage
XEW TORK. May 2L— A Sun special
from Manila says: It is announced from
the headquarters of the Federal party
that negotiations looking to the surren
der of General Malvar have failed and
tbet General Malvar has proclaimed him
self dictator in succession to Agulnaldo.
It !? said he will reconstruct the insur
gent force of some 1800 men who are scat
lered In Batanpas, Tayabas. Laguna and
Mlndoro, and the new insurgent army
will be commanded by four generals.
The leaders of the Federal party deplore
the threatened continuation of hostilities
in the rich provinces above mentioned.
They say MaJavar'e anti-American wife
is responsible for his refusing to surren
der. It is probable a strong expedition
will be sent against him and his rendez
vous for the insurgents destroyed.
MANILLA, May 2L-E. C. Lawrence, for
merly a private in the Thirty-third Vol
unteer Infantry and afterward employed
as a civilian clerk In the adjutant gener
al's office at Manila, has been accused of
forging the signature of Captain Slavens.
the insular disbursing officer, to certain
checks purporting to be payable to Gen
eral MacArthur. On the backs of the
checks were forged indorsements of Gen
eral MacArthur to General Shatter and
to E. C. Lawrence. Two of these checks
of 5200 each have been cashed at San
Francisco, but another negotiated at St
Louis has been returned to Manila and
pronounced spurious by Captain Slavens.
Lawrence is suspected of other forgeries.
The insurgents to-day made an unsuc
cessful attack upon the village of Nacar
lan. in LAguna province. A private in the
Eighth Infantry was killed in the engage
ment. The official report of the recent en
gagement near Pasacoa, in South .Cainar
ine province, says that three American
soldiers were killed and one native scout
was captured.
General MacArthur has ordered reports
from all the civil departments preparatory
to his own final report.
The commission has prepared a bill to
create a new weather bureau. This bill
practically continues and subsidizes the
present Jesuit observatory in Manila. This
bureau has always been comDetently ad
ministered and was supported by the
Spanish Government and was later finan
cially assisted by the American military
authorities. The professor in charge of
This bureau will be appointed the new di
rector thereof at a salary of $2500 a year.
The director will make all appointments
to the auxiliary weather bureaus through
out the archipelago subject to the civil
service regulations.
Teodoro Fernandez, a Franciscan friar,
was arraigned- in court to-day charged
wiih the embezzlement of $199,000. The
State conducted the prosecution. Fernan
dez was one of five administrators of the
Franciscan order, but undertook to carry
«¦!•. financial affairs himself, claiming he
was sole administrator of the order.
Authorities Say He Used the
Names of Generals
on Checka
Private in the Thirty-
Third Infantry Is
Accused.
CHARGE SOLDIER
WITH FORGERIES
ST. PETERSBURG. May 21.— The at
tack on the Kaiser's speech by the Berge
vala Viedomosti is considered to have
been inspired. It says:
"We suppose Emperor William made
the speech to try to pacify the Germans,
who are angry at the disproportion be
tween the real interests of Germany In
the Far East and the colossal sacrifice of
lives and money for fantastic ends. It
is principally the fear of a break in the
amicable relations with Russia that
causes anxiety among the common sense
people in Germany. .
"Waldersee's campaign has been the
most deplorable mission In modern his
tory. The Chinese have not learned to
appreciate our civilization. On the con
trary, such deplorable conditions cannot
be hidden by rhetorical displays."
The Novostl says: "The Emperor
praises Count von Waldersee. Public
opinion not only of Germany but of all
Europe appreciates the case otherwise.
At best his efforts have been useless.
Quite uselessly he prolonged the military
occupation of Pechill, and artificially cre
ated a sphere of activity. Otherwise peace
would have been concluded long ago."
The Novoe Vremya has a special dis
patch from Vladivostok describing a
grand performance at the Chinese theater
in aid of the families of the Chinese fall
en. The Russian Governor was present
and large sums were subscribed.
Russian Press Denounces His Cam
paign in China.
CRITICISM OF VON WALDEBSEE
to meet Its obligations with respect to in
demnity. This proposal contemplates the
appointment of an international board of
financiers which shall periodically collect
from China the amount of money which
foreign Ministers in Peking say she can
pay, and this sum shall be distributed
among the powers In proportion to the
value of bonds issued to them by the Chi
nese Government.
Should the Chinese Government fail to
pay the amount the board fixes upon after
consultation with the foreign Ministers
as reasonable, then each power shall lose
in proportion to the amount of bonds it
has received. Individual action is to be
prohibited and the seizure of territory Is
not to occur in case China shall fail to
make payment. ,'
Special Commissioner Rockhill, who has
communicated the information regarding
this proposal to the State Department, has
been carefully instructed by the State De
partment as to the attiude of he President
thereon. Rockhill's instructions permit
his acceptance of the general features of
the proposal.
Whether the powers would be willing to
adopt the plan outlined cannot be said at*
this time, as some of the Ministers in Pe
king are as yet without Instructions from
their Governments. Even should the plan
fall of adoption, however, it is the purpose
of the administration to insert in the ttnal
treaty to be entered into a provision for
the establishment of the "open door". 1 and
if possible a provision insuring the integ
rity of China. The question of the method
to be adopted to obtain payment of the
indemnity cannot be determined until the
amount of indemnity is fixed, and the
State Department is still insisting that
there should be a substantial reduction.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON) May 21.— In order
that China's integrity may not be dis
turbed after the ¦withdrawal of the pow
ers, a proposal has been made 'that the
powers enier Into a special agreement
binding themselves not to seize territory
in case the Peking Government Is unable
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Plan to Check Individual
Action and to Preserve
Integrity. :SJ
Proposal That Powers
Agree Not to Seize
Territory. ;3|
WOULD PREVENT
GRAB IN CHINA
OAKLAND, May 21.— Marriage licenses
were issued at the County Clerk's office
to-day to the following named persons:
Edwin H. Chinnock of Oakland, aged 21,
to marry Mabel Haughey : of Xenia, Ohio,
aged 18; Frank B. Grabill of Alameda.
aged 26, to marry- Flora" M. Rlley of
Berkeley, aged 20; Frank -E. Vargas of
Centerville, aged 36, to marry Louisa
Vargas of Centerville. .aged, 17; Antone
Perry of Alameda, aged 45. to marry Mary
Montero of . Alameda, aged 35; . Clarence
M. Honey of .. Copperopolls, aged 21, to
mary Edna E. Podte of Sutter City, aged
20; Benjamin T. Chavls of San Francisco,
aged 31, to marry Christina- P. Berger of.
Oakland, aged 23. . . s .
Licensed- to Wed.
• SACRAMENTO, May , 21.— Although
there are hundreds of machinists em
ployed In the Southern Pacific and
smaller machine shops in. this "city, there
is no talk ' of a strike ; among them, and
labor leaders declare that there Is no
likelihood •. of ~ any inasmuch as the-me
chanics receive satisfactory wages here
and have no grievances.
Sacramento Not Affected.
- SEATTLE, May 21.— Owing to the ma
chinists', .strike the ;' British-American
Line's steamship Garonne has been with
drawn • from the Nome run. > She was
scheduled to sail June 1, but, after failing
to secure at Victoria the necessary num
ber' of machinists ¦ and other j workmen to
complete her repairs, which . were begun
in Seattle several i weeks ' ago, the man
agement definitely decided not to send
the vessel north.;-
Strike Affects Steamship.
REDWOOD CITY, May 21.— Whether or
not persons starting forest fires can be
made to pay, for the- damage done to the
property of; others Is a question involved
in an action on trial here. Sampson
brothers are . suing William' Hughes and
Alexander Peer.3 for $7000 damages for the
destruction of their shingle mill fifteen
miles west of here in September of last
year. In their complaint they allege that
they warned the defendants against start
ing a forest fire on land adjoining theirs.
But that the warning was Ignored and
that Alexander . and Peers were grossly
careles3 in not guarding against a spread
of the flames to the shingle mill. Samp
son brothers' entire plant, together with
a large stock of shingles and lumber, was
destroyed. ,-, . - - ¦ •. •¦ .. ;:'/.:- <j'~:C---i^i'i
LOST THEIR PL ANT
r ;:./. IN A FOREST FIRE
Suing Neighbors to Recover
Damages.
Owners of a Destroyed Shingle Mill
TACOMA, May- 21.— Mrs. Chajles Gun
zert, wife of a plumber, to-day shot and
killed her 13-year-old son and then com
mitted suicide by taking carbolic acid
The tragedy occurred in the woods west
of Lake Park station and was .evidently
premeditated, as the mother had invited
the boy out for. a walk.
The revolver, a three-ounce bottle of
carbolic acid arid a bottle of strychnine
were, carried by the desperate woman.
The boy was shot four times in the back
and side. Mrs. Gunzert's face was pressed
close to that of her son— so close, in fact,
that the. carbolic acid running out of her
mouth-fell upon and burned the fleshon
the boy's- cheek. . The bodies were found
ehortly after the. tragedy by a man wan
dering through the woods.
Mrs. Gunzert was the daughter of John
H. Anderson, a prominent politician. Her
physician says she was mentally . unbal
anced for some time.
ROME, May '21.— The Popertb-day re
ceived Mgr.O'Connell, the new. Bishop of
Portland,* Me., who called on' his Holiness
to express ; thanks » for ; the 'appointment.
The Pope expressed warm sympathy with
President McKinley. on -account of the ill
ness of his wife. N He also said. it was his
desire to ¦ maintain -.the. best of relations
with the United States. ; ...
SAN JUAN, Porto , Rico, ¦ May 21.— The
trial of Harold ; Crowley- of ¦ Lockport, IN.
Y., son of ex-Congressman :Crowley j and
b.'- former employe .of the ' Postal v Depart
ment,' on; a charge - of misappropriating
postal funds, was concluded at Ponce Sat
urday night. . He was sentenced to-day to
four years', hard labor. ; It is probable that
an appeal will be taken to the Supreme
Court. ¦
POPE u EXPRESSES ¦ SYMPATHY.
STOCKTON, May 21.— The city election
to-day had a mixed result, owing to Re
publican . dissensions. . ; The Republicans
elect four out of five Councllmen and
four out of five Library Trustees. The
Republicans also elect I. H. Robinson
City Clerk; T. N. Moore, Assessor; J.' S.
Halnes Treasurer, and G. A. Athertoa,
Surveyor, the latter by one vote.
The Democrats elect George Catts
Mayor, defeating Orrin S. Henderson, by
236 votes They also elect James Glanelll
Superintendent of Streets, and win on all
three School Directors, 'Mrs. L. Clare
Davis leading by 217. votes. The' total vote
cast was 3222. • ' ¦ .
EX-CONGRESSMAN'S SON
IS SENT TO A PRISON
and the Board of Library
Trustees.
Republicans Capture the City Council
CHICAGO, May- 21.— One man was
killed, one- fatally injured and six others
hurt this afternoon by the falling of a
part of the sidewalk in front of -Central
Music Hall, which is being demolished to
make way for an addition to a depart
ment store at State and Randolph streets:
The dead roan is JOSEPH FINLEY.
The injured are Fred Larkin, hurt
about back and shoulders; Edward Sulli
van, broken neck, will die; William
Evans Injured about chest; Charles Mur
phy head bruised and two ribs broken;
Joseph Ewing. hurt about the body; un
known man, badly bruised.
DEMOCEATS ELECT
MAYOR OF STOCKTON
jured as Result of Accident
.in Chicago. • '
One Man Killed and . a Number In-
FALL OF A SIDEWALK
CATJSES A DISASTER
WASHINGTON, May 21.— Col. Thomas
F. Barr, lately stationed at Chicago, to
day was appointed judge advocate general
of the army, with rank of brigadier gener
al, vice General G. Norman Liober, retired.
Colonel Barr will be retired on his own
application within the ensuing twenty
four hours to make way for Colonel John
W. Clous," who likewise ! will retire at
once, to be succeeded for the ensuing four
years by Colonel George B. Davis, until
recently professor of law at West Point.
¦ These 'changes will result In the promo
tion of Lieutenant Colonel Hunter to the
grade of colonel; Majors S. W. Groesbeck.
E. H. Crowder and J. N. Morrison to the
grade of lieutenant colonel, and the fol
lowing named majors: Carbaugh, Hull,
Dunn, Murray, Dodge and Porter. .
Two Officers Will Advance to Judge
Advocate G-eneralship Before
Davis Is Appointed.
The escape of the passengers from the
wrecked • train was almost miraculous.
The train was struck by a. wall of water
fourteen feet high and carried down with
the bridge. The passengers, eighteen In
number, succeeded in reaching places of
safety on the % tops of the cars. H. F.
Grove, editor of an agricultural paper in
Denver, tried to reach. the shore before
help came and was carried eight miles
down stream before he was able to land.
The flood was caused by a cloudburst in
the Sierra Mojada Mountains.
PROMOTION FOR COLONELS
AND QUICK RETIREBIEN 1 :
PUEBLO, Colo., May 21.— It is learned
to-day that the flood which last . night
washed out a Denver and Rio Grande
Railway bridge over St. Charles Creek, ten
miles south of Pueblo, submerging a pas
senger train, caused the death of two per
sons at Beulah, twenty miles further up
the stream.-*-. Mr. and Mrs.. J. Brown of
Avondale, who were occupying a cabin, In
the canyon for the summer, , were
drowned. •
Colorado Results in a Terrible
Disaster.
TWO LOSE THEIR LIVES
IN A RT7SH OF WATERS
Flood Caused by a Cloudburst in
ATTRACTIVE MUSICAL
PROGRAMME ARRANGED
Young People's Society of Trinity
English Evangelical Lutheran
Church to Give Concert. .
The Young People's Society of the Trin
ity English Evangelical Lutheran Church
has, arranged a concert to be given at
Mission Parlor Hall, Seventeenth street,
to-morrow evening. The programme will
Include many .attractive vocal and instru
mental musical pieces by talented mem
bers of the society. The object of the
concert is to increase the building fund of
the church.
Great Interest is being taken in the af
fair and an enjoyable occasion Is assured
to those who may be so fortunate as to
attend. The leading feature will be the
singing of the Knickerbocker Quartet
Other pleasing numbers .will be rendered
by tho Conservatory Mandolin Club and
Mrs. Stensrud, Mrs. Paulsen, Miss Marie
Abeille, Mrs. Larsen, Miss Marie Son
demp, W. J. Hynes, L. A. Larsen, Pro
fessor J. G. Theisa and Herbert Williams.
You Are Expected
At tho Bee Hive Shoe Co. to-morrow. The
table Is loaded with $3 50 men's shoes. All
will go for $1 00 a pair at the factory sale
of shoes of the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717
Market St.. near Third.' •
Seats 'for Elks' Performance on Sale.
The advance sale of seats for the Elks'
night, to be given at the Alhambra next
Tuesday under the auspices of San Fran
cisco Lodge No. 3, will begin at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s this morning at 9 o'clock.
Camille d'Arvllle, the great operatic star,
has volunteered to sing. Among others
who. will lend, to the evening's entertain
ment are the Tobina, the great musical
team now on their way to Australia: Leo
Herzer, . dramatic barytone ; Josephine
Gassman and her pickaninnies; -an ama
zon march from the Tivoll and another
amazon march, . contributed by- sixteen
members of the minstrel company. •; This
Is the first time that this lodge of; Elks
has ever given a performance • in San
Francisco. . . :
.„ PENNSYLVANIA ; SYSTEM t of .:, Rail
ways/ Office— 30 Montgomery, street. 1 .*.-'
Crazed Woman Com
mits Murder and Sui
cide Near Tacoma.
SON'S LIFE ENDS
WITH HER OWN
those of the engineers, firemen, conduc
tors and trainmen, has not been made
manifest. There has been a general har
mony of action between the five "brother
hoods" since they united against the rail
road on the Insurance scheme proposed
by the late Collls P. Huntington. but
whether it will extend to opposition to the
new general order is a question. The gen
eral impression is that the old organiza
tions will oppose the new one, but that
remains a matter for future development.
Ogden on the east and New Orleans on
the south there are 1300 , employes eligible
to membership in that order and 1100 of
them are members, showing the complete
ness of the organization. Much of this
organization is due to the work of Estes,
but not a little is due to W. E. Davidson,
who has been appointed by President Dol
phin to succeed Estes. These two men
have been leaders in the order on the Pa
cific Coast. . •
The position which Estes held and to
which Davidson has been appointed Is the
head one of the order so far as .all of the
lln^s of the Southern Pacific Company are
concerned. I£ there is any trouble be
tween the men and the officials of the
rood It becomes the duty of the chairman
of the division to adjust it.
From the statement of President Dol
phin it Is apparent that his order Is going
to lcok with disfavor upon the new gen
eral order. What stand Is to be taken by
the four other great "brotherhoods,"
Sir John Edmund Commerell.
LONDON, May 21.— Sir. John Edmund
Ccmmerell, admiral of- the fleet from 1892
to 1899, is dead. He was born in 1829. -
Professor Otto Lugger.
ST. • PAUL, May . . 21.^Prof essor Otto
Lugger died at his home,- St. Anthony,
this afternoon. Dr.. Lugger for four years
has been professor of entomology and
zoology at the Minnesota School of Agri
culture, ' and before that -was entomolo
gist in the Department of Agriculture in
Washington. .
: SANTA CRUZ; May 2L— A telegram was
received last . night announcing- the death
of- Adeline Louise Barnhardt, daughter
of Mrs. H. D. C. Barnhardt of. this citv,
who passed" away after an operation In
St. Mary's Hospital in San Francisco.lThe
funeral will be held to-morrow • in Stock
ton. •
Adeline Louise Barnhardt.
BOSTON, Mav 21.— Former Congressman
Charles A.' Boutelle of Bangor, Me., died
to-day at the McLean Asylum, Waverly,
where he had been confined . for a ,year
with brain trouble. • Death was due'.pri
marily to pneumonia.- which developed
last Sunday. Boutelle's daughter, Grace,
who has been at the head of the house
hold since her mother's death in 1832, was
at the bedside to-day. . . .
Boutellei was 62 years . old, and on. his
retirement from. Congress Jast winter
was placed on the retired list of the navy
as a captain, an office to which he was
eligible by reason of his Civil War and
Congressional committee services. Three
daughters survive him. .
Boutelle's illness dated from December
21, 1S99, when he was seized by a~ fit ' of
unconsciousness "while at a hotel In this
city. Later he was taken to his home in
Bangor, but. immediately returned to Mc-
Lean Asylum, where, he had; since re
mained. His' mental condition. It is said,
had Improved considerably. ,.•;-:; ¦
FORT WORTH, Texas, May 21.— At the
meeting of the. Texas Association of Mexi
can War Veterans here to-day the follow
ing message was received from. President
McKinley: ¦ V
"SAN FRANCISCO, May 21.— To George
P. Finley, President of the Mexican Vet
erans' : Association: I send cordial greet
ings to the Mexican "veterans upon the
occasion of the meeting at Fort Worth,
and, thank you and them for their kind
message concerning Mrs. McKinley, whose
health Is now steadily improving. .
"WILLIAM McKINLBY."
President Sends Greetings.
Shooting Record Broken.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. May. 21.— A live
bird world's record was broken to-day at
the Illinois Gun Club'e grounds, this city,
in the Du Pont shoot for a cup and 51000.
Itf 1 the shoot off, after killing twenty-five
birds straight, Fred Gilbert of Spirit Lake,
Iowa, and W. R. Crosby of O'Fallon. 111.,
and II. J. Sconce of Danville, 111., killed
their hundredth birds. The match was
not concluded.
, POUGHKEEPSIE. N. Y., I May 21.— A
.portion of the programme of, the twice
postponed field day at "Vassar College was
given . this afternoon, when the weather
for the first time was propitious. No men
were admitted to witness this games ex
cept the faculty. ' The girla wore ! blue
blouses ¦' and bloomers and / black stock-
Ings.
Two college records were broken this
afternoon. The former records were the
standing broad jump, seven feet one Inch,
by Margaret Calhoun, 1901,-' and throwing
the baseball, 170 feet 3 inches, made by
Emma Bradley, 1900. In the standing
broad jump Miss D. E. Merrill, 1902,
broke the record by scoring -7 feet 4
inches, and Julia B. Locikwood, 1901, did
the same thing with the baseball record,
throwing the ball 173 feet 6 inches. The
winners of the events ; to-day follow:
Fifty-yard dash, Miss ; A- 8. Woods.
Time, ¦ :07. Fence vault. Miss D»~E. Me"r
rlll, Brooklyn, 4 feet 8% inches. Standing
broad Jump, Mlsa D. E. . Merrill, 7 feet
4 inches. Throwing the baseball. Miss J.
Lockwood, Norwalk. Conn., 173 feet 6
Inches.
VASSAR COLLEGE FIELD DAY.
WEST POINTERS
AWIT DISGRACE
Five Cadets Will Be Dis
missed From the
Academy.
War Department Shows No
Mercy to Recalcitrant
. Students.
Special Dispatch to Tne Call. : ' ~
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, May 21.— LitUe
mercy was shown to-day to cadets at
the Military Academy found by the court
of Inquiry convened by Colonel Mills, the
superintendent, to be guilty of Insubor
dination. Five were dismissed, six were
suspended and half a hundred were or
dered deprived of their privileges. Cadets
Stephen B. Vernon of New York and
Charles S. Perry of Iowa will be dis
missed In accordance with the findings of
a court-martial. •
WEST POINT. May 21.— Deep gloom
pervaded the cadet corps when the un
official information reached here regard
ing the disciplinary measures. - Colonel
Mills will return from Washington to
morrow, bringing with him the official or
ders. He will cause five men to be notified
of their dismissal by noon, thus prevent
ing them from reporting for afternoon
and evening duty at 2 o'clock, the usual
time. At dress parade, a few minutes
after 6 o'clock, as the corps is assembled
on the grounds, the cadet adjutant will
read out the sentences, including, besides
the five dismissed, six men suspended.
The expulsion of five cadets at one time
for disciplinary reasons is without parallel
In the history of the academy. The au
thorities regret the necessity far such
drastic action, but they feel that it is an
essential to the well-being of the acad
emy. Of course the cadets are said to
have been implicated in the demonstra
tion against Colonel Mills. Five were ac
cused of conceiving and leading it, twen
ty-five of actual participation and eighty
three were declared to be partlceps crlm
inis, in that they aided and abetted the
deed by encouraging shouts, and cheers.
The five chief offenders accused are re
ceiving the most severe penalty. Only
six of the second-class offenders are being
punished now, leaving nineteen of those
thus accused to be tried.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The Daughters of the California Pio
neers held their regular social meeting
at Pioneer Hall Monday afternoon. In
spite of the disagreeable weather there
was a largo attendance that thoroughly
enjoyed the splendid programme offered.
Mrs. E. M. North's brilliant paper, telling
of her girlhood In the early days of San
Francisco, was the feature of the after
noon. • The programme in full was as fol
lows: Instrumental solo, Miss Clara No
lan; vocal solos. Miss Edna Smart and
Mis? May Shannon; reading:, Mrs. E. M.
North.
The "Macon (Ga.) Division of Railroad
Conductors, who have been attending th©
convention at St. Paul, will go home by
way of this city. They expect to arrive
here on the 25th Inst. and remain until
the 2Sth. During their stay In this city
they will be splendidly entertained by El
Capitan Division No. 115, O. R. C.
At Mission ; Dolores Church, by Rev.
Father Conway, Mr. J. F. Renault and
Miss Minnie T. Brien were married Tues
day, May 7. Thomas W. Hlckey attended
the groom and Miss B. B. Brien, sister of
the bride, was. bridesmaid. After thei cer»
mony a wedding repast was served at the
home of the bride's parents, 429 Church
street. Only the Immediate relatives of
the bride and gToom were present.
•Colonel C. B. "Wing of Governor Naah's
staff gave a farewell breakfast at the
Palace grillroom Sunday, morning, Just
prior to the departure of the Ohloans for
home. The tables were beautifully decor
ated with flowers and the colonel -was the
recipient of many floral remembrances.
There were present at the pleasant affair
Mr*. F. D. Johnson, Mrs. E. N. "Wain
wnght, the Misses Laws, Miss Ethel
Johnson, Colonel J. S. Burrows, H. C.
"Vortried, Colonel Gillette and the host.
The ladies were also guests aboard tho
Reliance at the launching of the Ohio.
At their residence, 1039 Ellis street. Mr.
and Mrs. I. S. Cohen will receive on
Sunday, May 26, between 2 and 5 p. m.. In
honor of the confirmation of their daugh
ter, Jennie Cohen.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Rotholtz will b« pleased
to see their friends at the confirmation of
their daughter Gertrude at the Geary
street Temple on May 23. They will re
ceive on Sunday, May 26, from 2 to 5, at
their residence, 671 Hayes street. •
Mr. and Mrs. J. Schary announce the
confirmation of their daughter Ida at tho
Geary-street Synagogue Thursday even
ing, May 23. Reception Sunday, May 28,
at residence, 1445 Buchanan street," from,
2 to 5. .....
Mrs. Henrietta Friedbergr announces the*
confirmation of her daughter Ruby at the
Congregation Beth Israel. At home Sun
day, May 26, from 2 to 5 p. m., at her resi
deiice. 914 O'Farrell street.
-Miss Bessie Borren. Miss Birdie Apple
ton and Miss Alice Rosenthal of San Di
ego, who were visiting Mr. and Mrs. Tom
Scales of San Jose, have returned to their
respective homes.
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Locke of this city
have been' enjoying themselves In tho
southern part of the State since Novem
ber last. Recently they have been guests
of relatives at Visalia and now they are
prepai%n& for a trip to "Washington, IX
C. New York and the Pan-American Ex
position. Mr. Locke for many years was
a prime mover in the Cross Country Club
He was formerly connected with one of
the evening- newspapers and also figured
consplcudusly as a manager of excursions
from San Francisco to points of Interest
across the bay In Marin, Sonoma and
Mendociho bounties. . Mr. and Mrs. Locke
may not return to California for somo
time. ¦¦.;¦...-.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W S Seammell, OakliJ
R Kavanaugh, Cal
F D Rucker & w, Ky
Mrs L. T Durbtn. Denv
J H Durbtn, Denver
L, T Lesmunt, Cal
Dr Paulln Cal
8 C Parmlee. Oakland
L. A Lehman, w £
dau, Mattoon. Ill
C F Alnsworth. "Ariz
R H Ewart & w, N Y
Mrs W Neeley, Cal
L. H Allen. Oakland
S H T> Puter, Eureka
H A Bennett. Ohio
T W Rankln, Minn
E-Cope & w. Phlladel
M G Hall. Portland'
A B Smith. Omaha
F M Warren Jr. Ptlnd
M F Cohen. NT
E Gunsberg, Cal .
C H Mclntosh, Chgo
A P Moore, Pittsburg
J Wolf & w, Pasadena
E J Crane & w. Cal
H D Galnes.N T
G Doll. N T
T Flint Jr. San Juan
Mrs M Kinsman, 111
Miss Klngman. Ill
Mlas Sumer, 111
J A Brent, Cal
J L. Daube. Chicago
E C Hurd & w, Ohio
J C Collins, Dubuqu«
C J Snalem. Dubuque
A C Kuhn, San Jos»
3 J Kuhn. Indiana >
F M Warren Jr. Or
M A Cohen. NT-.
E Gunsber*. N T
E M Mclntoah. Chxo
A P Moore. Pittsburg
J Wolf & w, Ch»o
E J Crane & w. Cal
E 8 Gordon. 3 Rosa
H D Galnes A w. N T
G Doll, N T
T Flint Jr. San Juan
F L Moore & w. N T
C H Colburn, Nev •
G B Adams, N T
Miss L. Burke. N T
Miss R Bower. N T
D Drysdale. San Mated
E F Gutschord. Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
E C Banell, Colusa
E Dlnkelspiel, Sulsun
B Shepherd Jr. Fresno
J F Harmes, Sausallto
O Tiscornla, Cal
F E Tiscornia, Cal
J N Cobb, "Wash
M W Hunt, Ind
M J Futer, Eureka
WC Graham, Eureka
F Hendricks. R Bluff
M E Sojun. N. T
H White & w. NT
M Raahlelgh. Mont
Dr Darby, Chicago •
J L Cross, ¦ Boston
J -Wlttenmeyer, Cal
W C Bro-wn. Pao Grov
J H Batcher, . Sacto
W ¦ F Parker. L. Ang
W.P Dickson, China
W Jacobus, NT
Mrs J Greg*. N T
R Duval. Va
P Hamilton, Stanford
C A Miller. Stanford
W Flint & w, S Joan
S Spagnolt, Jackson
J P Truce, S Barbara
P Abbott & w. Toronto
Fanny Adams, Pa
Mrs D Stein. Pa
W P Thomas. Uilah
H W DrenkeL L. An«
J A Greene, X T
A M&ltby & w.. Mas*
R NIckerson, Sonoma
C McMlchael. Spokane
C Simmons, Idaho
S Leavltt. Cal
Miss Schilllg ¦ Sutter
C M Stiles, - Oregon *
H C Brannon. • Wash
J F Wilson. Vallejo
NEW WESTERN H0TEU '¦.
W McCeleb&ned. N T
E F Smith. Crpple CrX
C F .TVesleke & w. Sac
J Lawaon,' San Jose
O Lawson, San Jose
C D Balles. San Job©
CVTurvill©. San Jose
J»E Wlble. Bakersfleld
C E Donovan. Boston .,
R Butler, Boston »4SA
J C "WhltehlU. Cnlcasa
H H Miller. Chlc*n»
C W Turrtll*. Utah "
R P Little, Midford
G E Weber. SU. Rom
M WeJner * w. N T
W H Kletcner, 3 Crus
J.Wulff. Oakland
C E Williams, Tuba
Mrs Sell. Cleveland '
Miss A M Sell. Clevlnd
Miss C W Sell. Clvlnd
This afternoon the graduating exercises
of tho commercial department of the uni
versity were held. There were musical
and literary exercises and an address to
the students by John E. Richards, whose
subject was "The Commercial Age."
The graduates were: William M. Shear
er, Salinas; Walter F. Beard, Stockton:
Frederick C. Archer, Salinas; Norman F.
Hlndson, Newman; Clarence Hlllhouse,
Sacramento; Agnes Caughy, Visalia;
Eliza M. Hubbell, College Park; Bessie
H. Elmer, Uma E. Van Sickle, Mildred
A. Bates and Kintaro Migasaki, San Jose.
The degree of master of accounts was
conferred upon Harold Tuttle.
Archania and Emendla literary societies
held joint anniversary exercises this even
ing. A large crowd enjoyed the musical
and literary programme. Samuel M.
Shortrldge delivered an address. The
graduates of the societies were given
diplomas as follows Emendla— Theresa
E. Crothers, Lola. McKillips, Marie Metz,
Glorine Shultz. Archania — "W. A. Angwin,
E. H. Smith, J. C- Spencer.
The golden jubilee celebration marking
the fiftieth anniversary of the school
will begin to-morrow with a concert un
der the direction of Pierre Donillet of the
Conservatory of Music. Professor R. D.
Hunt will deliver an address on "The
Harvest of the Past." In the evening the
alumni will have charge of | the pro
gramme, and many prominent persons
who graduated from the school will take
part. Bishop J. W. Hamilton will de
liver the commencement address on
Thursday morning and Charles W. Baker
of Cincinnati will spealc in the afternoon.
SAN JOSE, May 21.— The commence
ment exercises of the University of the
Pacific, which are now in progress, are
attracting a great deal of attention from
the alumni of the school, because they
mark the semi-centennial of the found
ing of the institution. They are well at
tended. To-morrow the golden jubilee
celebration will commence and noted
Methodist divines from various parts of
the State will be present.
Methodist Institution in
San Jose Will-Cele
brate.
GOLDEN JUBILEE
OF UNIVERSITY
y«N AKLAND, May 2L— The retire
fi \\ ment of George Estes, chairman
II JJ of the Southern Pacific system
division of the Order of Railway
Telegraphers, and B. A. Myers,
secretary of the division, was not volun
tary, though resignations prepared by the
two are now on their way to Grand Presi
dent Dolphin at St. Louis. Before the res
ignations arrived Grand President
Dolphin removed both of the Pacific Coast
officials. The actual reason for the dif
ferences between Estes and Dolphin Is
the refusal of the Order of Railway Teleg
ruphers to recognize the new general or
der of railway men known as the United
Brotherhood of Railway Employes.
Estes possesses great ability as an_or;
gauizer, and has taken much interest in.
tho organization of the new general order
of railroad employes. This was not pleas
ing to the officers of the Order of Rail
way Telegraphers, and a few weeks ago
•Dolphin himself made a trip to San Fran
cisco to look into this very matter. He
returned to the headquarters of the order
in St. Louis without taking any action,
and the removal of Estes was of recent
date.
A dispatch from St. Louis, sent out
through the regular news channels of the
Associated Press, tells the story of the
removal of Estes and Myers without
mentioning their names. This dispatch
rends:
President M. M. Dolohln of the Order of Rail
way Telegraphers, •aho has just returned to the
headquarters of that organization from a busi
ness trip through the East, when shown a dis
patch statins that the Order of Railway Teleg
raphers is interested in the establishment of an
organization similar to the old American Rail
way Union on the Pacific Coast, said:
"The Order of Railway Telegraphers Is
neither officially nor otherwise connected with
euch a movement. It is true that two of our
local officials in San- Francisco were connected
with the movement, and they were removed
from office by me a few days ago on that ac
count. The plan of organizing all railway em
ployes into one organization is not feasible, and
it is my belief that it never will be. The old
class organizations which are now in .-exist
ence and have been for years have accom
plished great good for the railway employes,
and there is no reason why they cannot con
tinue to do so. I will reiterate that we have
not only not aided or abetted this new move
ment, but that we have not recognized It in
any way."
This is a plain statement coming
from the head of one of the strongest of
the railway orders. Taken together with
the announced removal of Estes and
Myers, It means that as far as the officials
of the Orders of Railway Telegraphers
are concerned they will not recognize the
new general railway order.
Estes has thrown himself bodily into tho
new order, and it remains to be seen
whether he can get the telegraphers into
It or whether the officers of the Order of
Railway Telegraphers can hold them to
the old organization. .
This will be an important railroad ques
tion, for the telegraphers are now very
Btrong. particularly on the Southern Pa
cific Company's system. Between San
Francisco and Portland on the north,
Stockholders of the Cramp , Company
will, it is said, have the option of taking
cash or exchanging 1 their holdings, share
for share, for a 7 per cent preferred stock
in the new company. There is $a.000,000
worth of Cramp stock and $15,000,003 cash
will be necessary to buy out Bethlehem..
PHILADELPHIA, May 21.— The Press
to-morrow will say: There Is little doubt
that the last obstacles In the way of the
Cramp - Vickers - Bethlehem combination
have been removed and that the official
announcement of tlio completion of the
arrangement is now a question of a few
houre only.
It was announced yesterday that the
Vickers Company had obtained an option
on the stock of the Bethlehem Steel Com
pany at a price bordering: on 23. The op
tion is also said to include the Bethlehem
Iron Company stock at about the present
market price of C3.
In order to complete the transaction the
New York syndicate, which is to under
write the present combination, has been
compelled to raise about 515,000,000 In act
ual cash, as it is entirely a money trans
action, and fully that much will be re
quired to purchase the two Bethlehem
companies' stock. It will take $7,000,000 to
buy the Bethlehem steel stock.
All Obstacles in the Way of
Amalgamation Are
Removed.
Capitalists Plan Cramp-
Vickers-Bethlehem ; . •
Combination.
RAISE MILLIONS
FOR A PURCHASE
•x jti &_ j ©Ajn an aw cisuo ual l., w&jj&jaa day;, m a r s s, i aoi.
Estes and Myers, Officials of Railway Telegraphers'
Order, Are Removed by Grand President.
OUST TH EM FROM OFFICE BEFORE
RESIGNATIONS ARE RECEIVED
GUABTEBM A STERS DISCHABGEI
9
THE DAY'S DEAD,
POSTUM CEREAL.
OLD SOAKERS.
Get Saturated With. Caffeine.
When a person has used coffee for a
number of years and gradually declined
Jn health, it is time the coffee should be
left off In order to see ¦whether or. not
that has been the cause of the trouble.
A lady in Huntsville, Ala., Mrs. S. M.
IJrazler, cays she used coffee for about
40 years, and for the past 20 years was
troubled with stomach trouble. "I have
been treated by many physicians, but all
in vain. Everything failed to perfect a
cure. Was prostrated for some time and
came near dying. When I recovered suf-
ficiently to partake of food and drink I
tried coffee again and it soured on my
stomach.
I finally concluded coffee was the cause
of ray troubles and stopped using' it. I
tried tea and then milk In its place, but
neither agreed with me, then I com-
menced using Postum Food Coffee. I
had it properly made and it was very
pleasing to the taste.
I have now used It four months and
my health is so greatly improved that I
can eat almost anything I want and can
Bleep well, whereas, tefore, I suffered for
years with Insomnia,
I have found. the cause of my troubles
and a way to get rid of them. You can
depend upon It I appreciate Postum."
Protect Yourself Against Substitution
By ALWAYS USING the » FULL NAME," ¦
Read this testimonial from Professor W.H. Mays, M. D.,
" For many years I have regarded Hunyadl Janos as a most efficient Aperient Water,
easy of administration and prompt and reliable In its action. . For Constipation in those
of sedentary, habit or bilious temperament lean find nothing better." , W.H. Mays,
M. D.', '-. Professor of Gynecology at the San Francisco Polyclinic, Post Graduate Medical
Department, University "of California. (18D7). , '^
For Constipation or Stomach Disorders,
\ "HUNYADI-JANOSV HAS NO EQUAL.THE -SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 22; 1901.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Fr&ncleeo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until K o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOfl Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
<33 McAllister street: open until 9:30, p. m.
CT5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
J94I Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m. v '¦»_'*
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1CS6 Valencia street ; open until 9 p. m. (
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky t-treets: open until 9 p. m.
2100 Fillmore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. L K. ,j3K_
T. — Officers and members are hereby fiajf"
notified to assemble in the asylum fe3j
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY) at 12:30 N*y
p. in. 6harp. for the purpose of par-
ticipating in ' the Templar reception to
PRESIDENT McKINLEY . at Mechanics'
Pavilion. Horses will be In Lick alley fully
equipped at 1 p. in. Lines will be formed
prompUj' at 2 p. in. All members of Masonic
choirs are requested to report at the Pa-
vilion promptly at 2 o'clock. By order of the
Commander.
. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, < £_2L_ a
X. T.. Golden Gate building 625 Sutter^riT*
Et; — The reception to the President, I III
• Sir WILLIAM McKINLEY. will be *^
held at Mechanics' Pavilion TO-DAY (Wed-
nesday). Members are earnestly requested
to turn out in full force. Assemble at asy-
lum ct 12 o'clock noon.
H. D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No'. 44. F. and ¦
A.- M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _#\-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- foX
pree. THEO. FROHLICH, Sec. /^T*
CROCKETT Lcdffe No. 139. F. and A. j»
M-— Second degree THIS EVENING. _#\_
May 22. at ~:20 o'clock. By order of the JZ.JX
W."M. H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. 'V >
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C6. F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDXES-J*
DAT) EVENING. May 22. at 7:30 >S3f
o'clock. Second degree. By order of ' '
the W. M. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— »
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) Jk
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- SP 2J
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. 'V'
t YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I.
O. O. F.— Members Rre request- 7a&5S^£=
pd to be present THURSDAY
EVENING. May 23, 1901. Inl- "'" ;
tlation' and nomination for officers for jen-
BUinj? term. JOHN A. OHLSON. N. 0.
WM. P. HUMPHREYS. Rec. Sec.
THE Caledonian Club will hold its _v \3T >u
th'rtj'-fifth annual sratherins: and J> 4 (py'i
pnmes at Shell Mound Park on ¦ < jS»wL2*
THURSDAY. May 30. The best ***'¦•
athletes of the Pacific Coast will compete
for prizes. Over J2.VK) wi:i be distributed.
Full bands for pavilion dancing up to S
p. m. Bagpipers for platform and fancy
dancing. Over forty events on programme;
get one. -A Highland welcome with a full
day of pleasure to all. Buj- round-trip ferry
tickets fcr Shell Mound Park. Admission to
grounds, adults, 50c; children, 25c.
COMMITTEE.
MEETING of the Brotherhood B. M. I. S. B. I
of America at Glbbert's Hall, Eishth and J
Folscm sts.. every daj'.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meetine of the stockholders of the Olympic
Salt- Water .Company will be held at the
office of tli« company. 317 Market 8t. San
Francisco Cal.. on MONDAY, the 27th day
- cf May. 13C1. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..
for the purposn of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing j - ear, and the
transaction of such other, burtnesa as may
mine before the meeting. Transfer books
will close .on Friday. May 17. 1901. at 3
o'clock p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Offlre S27 Market ft. San Francisco. Cal.
AUOPTIOS.
GOOD home open for healthy boj r and girl ba-
bies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 8th. Alameda.
ASrHALTt'JI IIOOFLVG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 16C7.
ATTOKXEVS AT LAAV.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
I no fee without success: collections. G. W.
- HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22, 137 Montgomery st., S. F.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W. I
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market et.. opp. Mason, j
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- '
ket st; -consultation free: no fees in advance.
'i. BATHS.
YOU can get boiling hot water for baths I
without extra cost. Ring up LANE, the
Plumber, Main 515; €03 California st
I1OARD1.VG FOR CHILDHE.V
5 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
«are:sur.ny yard:nr.£chool:reasonable.l607 Cal.
ULSIM2SS CHAxcias.
A— $330: DELICACY ftorT^^bTanclTbTkeryl
living rooms; rent $18; choicest location; Va-
lencia St.: come make an offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy st
A— J750; SALOON; no better located place In
Miie city; rent $00; place clears easily $15fl
j>er month; no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'fe Kearny Et.
¦ A — SoCO; CORNER saloon with 2 living rooms,
on Brennan st- ; good business ; close to iac-
tories. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny st
A— 11000; HALF interest in leading restaurant;
private boxes: located close to Powell and
Market ets. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— ItOCC; BOARDING and livery stable. West-
ern Addition; net rent $48; clearing above $150
l*r month; large patronage; stock of bug-
gies, horses and harness lirst class. Call R.
G. WILKE. Kearny st j
A— ?«C0; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living }
rooms; established j'ears; rent $35: location
can't be beat and the business Is first-class.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.-
A — $1700; ICECREAM parlors and cafe, on lead-
ing business street; rent $65; first-class pay-
ing- establishment: owner compelled by sick- i
ness to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, I
16% ITearny Bt . i
A— $1100; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath; very choicest business location; rent 1
?3S; investigate and make an offer; a rare
and good chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26>i
Kearny st
A — R4000; SALOON en Market Et: place estab-
lished many j-eans and ddlng a large busi-
ness; net rent $125; sickness "in family com- i
l»els owner to sacrifice; a mint Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— C.ANDY store In Western Addition $330
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition. 500
Saloon in business district 4JC0
Saloon near beach,. $400; saloon and lodg-
ing house : ;.. S00
Photograph gallery; paj-s well; Market st 2000
llerchandiK business in good town... J200
Corner grocery and bar, from $400 up to.. 4000
stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses,
delicacy stores. In all parts of citj". from $150
tip. EITEL & CO.. 1032 Market st.
A A A— 100 CIGAR 6tands. 200 groceries and bars.
300 candy and icecream stores, SCO restaurants,
800 etore« of ell kinds; partners wanted. r •>
Parties with $100 up can be suited. ¦ If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO., S3S Market st
ITC.R private sa!^— Some of best saloons in cltj-.
WALTER HAYES &; CO.. 828 Market Bt
THRKii Faloons on Fourth' Et. $300, J350. JSOO.
Four taloons on Tuik Bt. $700 to $1500.
Two saloons en Third et, $XK) to $1000.
All new bargains, 05AMMILL & MOCK, .
¦. 80C Market street.
A— RESTAURANT end coffee caloon, known as
a good-paying business; seating 100 people:
must lio xold at once; come and make an
offer; call between ,11 a. m. and 3 p. m. The
Creamery. £21 Kearny st •
FOR sale— A well fitted ua beer and billiard
- fnloon on Jlarket St.. near City Hall." Mc-
LEOI> & HATJE. wholesale liquor mer-
Vhant*. 515 Market et
A BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; re-
ceipt* flO day; cheap for cash. STRAND &
KA!£ER. 209 Kearny st.
HAY. coal yard and large stable; well estab-
llrhod stand. 3223 Fell st.: rent very low.
Apply to. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st
IHAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars notions,
drug stores, etc.- JOSEPH BAILIE, 7Z9 Mkt
$450— COPvNER grocery and bar: old establtsh-
?•d business; rare chance. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777% Market st.
J325— DAIRY depot: fine trade; will support a 1
K.famflv. LUNDIN & CO.. M.4 Market st
S7000— A choice ¦ bargain— general merchandise
rtore in the country forty miles from San
Francisco; established 17 years; low rent:
e-lectrle light*: no credit over 30 days; good
reasons for selling; a rare chance;, average
monthly tales $3200. Address letters to Box
2174.' Call office. San Francisco.. .' - .
A— $225 RESTAURANT at 6£G : Geary. »t : mice
place; nice trade; suitable for man and wife;
must be sold this week.
FOR SALE— Chicken rinch. %ZM; rent $lfl, in-
cluding all of this year's fruit Inquire Niel-
son'«" Grocery. Diamond, Upper. Frultvale av.
COUNTRY paylnr business wanted;. we have
oa Eh customers for any paying Investment.
Bus.- Beard Trade. *2S Pine; phone Davis 326.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT young lady stenographer and
I assistant j bookkeeper; - also has knowledge •, of
shipping clerk's work; 6 years' experience ;
. good references. Box 3190. ¦ Call . office. :\.
SWEDISH girl desires position % to do upstairs
* work as maid; is, a good seamstress. V Call or
. address 3751 Twenty-third, cor. ¦ Chattanooga.
WOMAN -wants work cocking in restaurant or
small 'boarding house;" good plain ; cook. 255
: Fell st .- ¦ '..- '-¦¦¦.. -- -.-.•¦¦¦-.
REFINED young lady," well educated, cheerful,
willing,-; wishes position as governess, com-
¦ . panlonor care of ; invalid ' or children;- refer-
ences; city or country; wages $25 to $30. A.
B., Palo Alto, Cal. ¦-¦,- ¦ .- - -: ' ¦- _ !
BY. Swedish girl— General housework, small
. family; wages, $20 to '$25: good references.
Box 4186, Call office. '
DRESSMAKER, late of New York, wishes to
go ¦ out for . $2 •- a day. Apply to MRS. N.
WAHLQUIST. E09 Kearny st :
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
, ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; v convenlent and respectable; free 'bus
¦ and baggage to and from ferry. .
EMPLOYMENT /WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG married couple (new arrivals) ; man
coachman, etc. ; wife first-class English cook;
private family; : $50 month. C.-.B., box 2243,
Call' /branch, Oakland. . ' ; - .
PRACTICAL gardener' and handy man wants
permanent- place to attend to horses and
milk and make himself useful; good refer-
- ences. Address box 31S2, Call office. : ';..
A YOUNG man desires position as first-class
barkeeper; country; best of references.- Box
41S5, Call. ¦ * - -'.
YOUNG • man, fluent with .Chinese language,
would like a responsible position; ¦ refer-
ences and security. Address box 3177, Call.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by engineering stu-
dent as field or office assistant: speaks Span-
ish. Box 7DS, Sanford University, Cal.
WANTED— Young man wants position as Job
pressman; 4 -years' experience and can dis-
tribute type. L. BOEHME, 818A Geary 8t.
MIDDLE-AGED German seeks employment in
bottling works; soda water and elder or wine
bottling preferred. Box 3186, Call office.
EXPERIENCED young bartender desires posi-
tion In city. or country. Box 3180, Call office.
MAN and wife-* (German) want 'work; wife
good^cook; city or country. Box 3189, . Call.
BY a first-class cake baker (no German j con-
fection), with assistant, a job as foreman ;
city or short distance in country; references.
Box r S164. Call office. ¦ •
WANTED— A position as cutter and general
tailor, young man, steady and Industrious;
best of references. 'Address G. C. WINTER-
BERG, 1618% Turk St.. ' ¦ . "
RELIABLE, sober man desires situation in
private residence; good gardener: handy man
with horses and cows; general work all round;
1 city or country. 'Box 3110, Call office. ,
MAN and wife. Scandinavian, wish situations;
man a gardener and handy with tools. Box
3165, Call. -
MARRIED couple wish to take charge of small
hotel or boarding house; thoroughly compe-
tent. Apply MEYERS, cor. 11th and Harrison.
EXPERIENCED, successful collector wishes
engagement; first-class references furnished.
Apply STOLTZ, 723 Market st. •'
WANTED— Situation as cook in restaurant or
boarding house, city or country. Call at 514
Mission. . - ..¦¦¦
JOB compositor and "ad" man of several years'
experience wants position In first-class office;
Box 2242, Call office, Oakland.
CHINAMAN' "wishes ; situation to do Ironing,
washing and cooking; $G week. 73S Jackson
.' st, Sam Sing Laundry. '. ¦ '.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for Improved city prop-
erty — Full bearing orchard In Santa Clara
C&mty. Box 463, San Jose, Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
FljR^?[S^El?~fiaT^o7~sale7^ie^n^~ftirnTsJ»ed
downtown flat of 7 rooms for sale; cheap, be-
tween 2 and 5 p. m. 934 Geary St.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath. 716
Natoma Ft. bet. Eighth and Ninth; $12.
NEW corner upper 6- room ' modern flat, just
finished; one. left; very- sunny; NW. corner
Eighteenth and Hartford sts., nr. Castro; $30.
TO lease — »lx months or longer — furnished flat;
five rooms and bath;' on car line, near park
panhandle. 965 Oak st. tel.yPage 1103.
SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms, and bath. 1012
Thirteenth: st. .near Scott. _ ¦.
SUNNY flat. 225 Eighth st; water free; yard;
near Howard; $10..
1CC0 CAPP, near- 26th, 5 sunny rooms, bath,
yard and stable. . , .;.
6 ROOMS and bath; stationary tubs. 62 Con-
verse St., off Bryant, bet 8th. and 3th.
FLATS TO LET — Pnrnished.
ADULTS: 4 rooms, bath; 2 beds; gas. and coal
stoves; all necessaries. 1917- Geary st -
I- EATIIEK .RENOVATING.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, cor. 5th.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. .
TO receive highest value, for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mir-,lon; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny. buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur.," carpets, etc.
IF yo*u want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing -of your- furniture
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture bought: Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter St.; tel. James 141.^
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays hlghest\
price for second-hand furniture;. tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent.1205 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, I carpets,
plano3. etc. "1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 Market
ASSORTMENT- of furniture, carpets" and
stoves; give us a trial. . 1114 Mission st. '
HELP WASTED— FEMALE. ...
¦A^ l 1c." J RV'HANSEN"&"co7'S^^Ph0M'''Grant^
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :.
2 waitresses, springs, fare both ways. ...'I... $20
- WaitresB. . Woodland •• . . . •.*.' . . $20
Waitress, Colusa County," fare paid/. $23
Waitress, Colusa.* fare paid.... $20
Waitress, Lathrop ......:.....;.....*...:. $20
2 waitresses," Stockton' . . . : ; . . .' .$29
Waitress, summer resort, see party here... .$20
Extra waitress, fare both ways... ..$150
Waitress, San Jose ............": ...: $25
Waitress, Nevada County, see party here... $20
Waitress, Calaveras Co., see party here... .$20
Waitress, Antloch ...............$25
Waitress. Salinas ....... ..j.. .$20
Waitress, Monterey, fare here. .$201
10 waitresses, city .....$20, $25
Lunch waitresses. : . . . ... . . .EOc and 75c
Cook, summer resort ".'.:. ".'..V.'... .'....'...:. $40
Man ami wife, resort, laundry work.... $50
. Cook, same place, fare paid $30
2 shampooers, baths, city...............:. $35, $25
2 chambermaids to wait, Gilroy & Alameda.$25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....."....;
Cook, 2, In family,, short distance.- $30, see.
. party here; . cook ¦ for : a dairy. . $25 and fare"
paid;. 5 cooks and housetrlrls, country,- $25 and
fare paid; ranch cook, $30; 'second girl, -coun-
try,' $15, see party here; cook,' city, $30; 50
housegirls, all over the city.
C. R. HANSEN & CO......... -104 Geary st. ¦
AHEAD waitress for city .....:........ $35
C.»R. HANSEN & CO. ... ....:... 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, , summer resort, $35; ; Becond
cook for campers' resort, $30, see both parties
. in city to-day: first-class cook,- private family,"
¦.¦ San ' Jose, $30; . cook, short order, city, $10
week; waitress for hotel at resort, $20, go to-,
day; *15 cooks, "with • or' without washing,^ hr
American end Jewish "families, $30;. ccok, -no
wash, private family,', $33; 81 girls for jreneral
housework, city and country^- $20, $25, $30;.
*• French chambermaid, some sewing,- no wait-'
Ing." $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 31G
'.Sutter Et ¦''... I V » - ,
MISS HOUGAN'S Emp. Agency.' 323 Sutter.' "
'. Cook and : second girl, country... '.".".$25 and $10
f Cook, German style, for city.......". — ..".'...S3')
' 2 cooks for boarding-houses. :....'..'..'.... ....$Si)
-.3 Swedish slrls for general housework... '...$25
. 2 girls for Alameda,..'.'.. V. ...... ."......". ..$23
• 3 girls.' general housework, Oakland. ...:... $23
8 young girls, light housework;..:... ...... ...$20
Nursegirl: for. twd-year-old child .V.'..:....v.$15
Several young girls to assist.... ..:... .$10 to $15
2 - WAITRESSES, : countrj'. > $20 . and $30 - per
month ; neat . girl for housework, , cooking, , no
windows or heavy, sweeping, t no. waiting, $25
per month. : CAL.. BMP.- AGENCY. 59 Third.:
ONLY ' a~ few more vacant machines. « which I
' will bt ; given ¦ to young girls- who 'desire ".to
T learn -,- operating; :. paid '-' while -learning.
; STANDARD SHIRT.. FACTORY. Gough ; and
,'" Grove 1 sts.. -city.' •¦ -V.*- !" '•'..»: • ¦ •.»-.:
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework and
J children to go ' short i distance countrjv , Call
;.- between 2 and 4 ' p. m.,-: 725 Golden Gate ave/,
".; near Franklin st>* ' ;-.- ?::~ ...;"•>;'.''- .T:...;;".--.
SOME one to give physical culture lesson. Tues-
.. days at 3 p. m. ; • helpful educational ' work to
'¦'¦ . young ; Girls : '• small pay. . - Sunshine . Hall,' ; ad-
!.' dress 536 Harrison st ¦' . • • •
-HELP WANTED — •FEMALE— Con.
MRS. M. E. : DAY &~CCK.l:^. .\plionTMaln~1575
<.......\.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Waitresses for city and country and resort
-hotels. $20. to $25; 4 chambermaids- to wait.
'•¦ dinner, $20; middle-aged chambermaid, $20.
< .......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....
; Cooks and houseglrls of all nationalities for
.j city and country places, best - wages. MRS.
_M. E.DAY & CO., 335 Geary st. .
NEAT young lady for " retail' store, $7 week;
'; also cashier, - same place $6.' MRS.' M. E.
DAY & CO.. 333 Geary st -
WANTED— First-class saleslady; corset and
hosiery department^> MARKS BROS., 1212
Market st. . . ¦ . .- \ :
EXPERIENCED saleslady for ribbon and vell-
lng department. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market.
WANTED— An experienced cap finisher; also
J an operator and an embroiderer in gold; good
position. Apply 410 Kearny st , room 8. . - - . -
GIRL for general -housework; 'small "family;
references. 1122 Ellis st :
GIRLS from 14 to 16 years of age to sew on
buttons In factory. 723 Market st, room\35.
IRONERS \ wanted In factory on . ladies' and
children's wear. 723 Market at.," 'room -35. ¦
AMATEUR singers ; wanted. Apply at the
Chutes at 6 o'clock this evening. •
KNITTERS, finishers, cutters, apprentices: per-
manent. GANTNER & MATTERN. 1017 Hyde.
YOUNG girl for general housework, $15; ¦ K In
family; no washing. 1605 Laguna st
OPERATOR anl flnirhers on custom-made
. panta. MORGENSTERN, 461 Jessie st
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
,ers. G. W. Reynolds. 537 Mission st, cor. 2d.
DISHWASHER. 511 Brannan st, near Fourth.
Call early; no. Sunday work.
GIRL to pack and label boxes; no experience
necessary. Apply store. 206 Fifth Bt.
APPRENTICES wanted in millinery store at
632 McAllister st.
RELIABLE nursegirl for 2 children; refer-
ences; wages $12. 1714 Geary st. . .
WOMAN to assist with . housework ; no wash-
lng; sleep home; $12. 812 Taylor st.
GOOD cook, wages $25; call forenoon. 601
Stelner st .
WANTED— Assistant sleevemaker. 1037 Post
. street. ' •
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework;
sleep at home.. 12S0 Washington st.
"WANTED— Young girl for light housework, $15.
/133 Hartford St., near Castro and Eighteenth.
WANTED-^A girl for general housework in a
small family. 1816 Larkin st. - ¦¦
GOOD tailoress on coats; also finishers; steady.
775 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS flnlsherB on ladles' coats. A.
CAILLEAU, 114. Kearny et >_
POSITIVE business woman of at least 5 years'
. experience, $50; references. Box 3171, Call.
WAIST hands for dressmaking. 121 Post St.,
- room 49.
YOUNG GIRL to assist in general housework;
must sleep home. 1053 Market st, upstairs.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats;
good -wages. 545 Mlnr.a. .
WANTED— Tailoress j for general • tailoring.
. 408V4 Larkin st .«
WANTED— A first-class pants finisher; ¦ good
pay : permanent employment. M. J. KEL-
LER CO.. Oakland. :¦ - -.
A GIRL or woman of middle age, the latter
preferred, for general housework In country;
family of 2, sometimes 3; quiet home: wages
$10 a month: must be Protestant or of no re-
ligious affiliation. Address P. O. box 62,
Centervllle, Alameda County, Cal.. -
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
OREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 531
Mlsalon Bt. ¦ •
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. E35 Market st.
OPERATORS wanted at - Levi Strauss Sc Co.'a
overall factory. 32% Fremont . st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. ¦ . ". - - . - -
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught In 2 wks.;
entire course $5; positions guaranteed: big sal-
ary at start. Halrdressing College.. 574 Geary.
EXTRA good pay for experienced hands on silk
waists. J. STEINHART. 230 Sutter St.
HELP WASTED MALES.
A— WANTED .........
50 men with blankets this morning, call be-
fore 8 o'clock, for San Luis division S. P.
Co.'s work, ?1 70 a day, board 50c a day
100° men for Santa Barbara and Los Angeles
divisions for ballasting track and work In
a quarry, $1 75 a day, board $4 50 a week.
free fare for above orders ;. :
AT C. R. KANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANS2N & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S3
.....WANTED FOR NEW R. R. WORK ....
100 teamsters and laborers, Uklah.. $2 a day
100 tunnelmen, ChatsWorth Park.. ..$2 to $2 50
CO outside laborers for tunnel. $1 75
100 laborers for ballasting track. ...$175
Ship dally Free fare
: Office fee for above $1
.... MISCELLANEOUS
j 10 bark peelers/country..'. $35 and found
10 lumber pliers, country........ $30 and found
10 men to make- road In. the woods
-. r $30 and found
-10 woodchoppers, Yoio County $150 a cord
Blacksmith, Nevada $3 a day
General blacksmith and woodworker, coun-
try shop .$30 and found
Blacksmith and blacksmith's helper
..$40 and~$2 and $2 50 a day
Harnessmaker. on ranch $35 and found
....COAL. MINERS FOR NEW MEXICO....
5 machine miners for link belt under cut-
ters $3 50 a day
- 10 coal miners. G2c a ton. mine measure, and
; faro guaranteed refunded
.......:.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT "...
Ed Salmon, the cook, please call..
-Zumstein. baker and pastry cook, please call.
French second cook, • countrj' hotel, see pro-
prietor here $75 and free fare
Cooks, summer resorts.'. t..$80, $90, $100
. Apprentice to -learn to cook. French prefer-
red ". ........... $25 to $30. see boss here
Chef ............$12o
Second cook $70
Broiler .$60
'. Bread- and- cake baker, country hotel $60
Foreman bread baker, shop...: $70
First-class waiter, who can make ¦ good
salad ; .$3j
•Elderly head waiter, country hotel $10
First and second cook $60 and $40
Polisher, hand and machine work, resort. $40
Porter.", country hotel $25
Assistant cook and potwasher,' summer ho-
tel $30
Second baker and pastry cooks.' small. coun-
try hotel, easy places, fare paid and .%4~>
French * second cooks, city .......SCO, $S5
C. R. HANSEN & CO :..1O4 Geary st
COOK, and wife for institution, $60; restaurant
'second cook, $65: 2 bakers, country shops, $40
• and $30 , and found : ; fourth-hand bakpr, $3
'.' week; waiters, dishwasher?, porters and oth-
• ers. r . J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
20 FARMERS for orchard work. ' haying, etc..
$25. $30 and $125 day; 8 milkers, $30 and $35
and found; gardener,- $30 and found;- stable-
man, country, $30 and found: 2 -grooms. $30
, and $35 and -v found; ; choremen; man about
: place. $30 and found: teamsters, $1 25 day and
found; miners, $2 day and board, see boss In
¦ city; carmen for mine, $1 EO day and hoard,
and many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO...62S
Sacramento et.^ ..., v ¦ -. - : " ;
AT THE CALIFORNIA i EMP'. AGENCY.' / ' "
¦ 39 Third st; phone Bush 405— : '•¦ . .
SO railroad laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 per day.
- Free Fare. '.'.. Free Fare ...Free Fare
6 men for sand train. $1 75 r>er day."
1 6 men ! for. rock crushers. $2 per day. ;--'
'Silumber pliers. $35 to $45 month and board. .
4 men for sawmills, $2 25 per day.' •
1 6 men to make ties, redwood, lie'
6 men to make 'pickets. $6 per thousand.
6.wcodchonpers. pine. 4 ft.'. $1 25 per cord. .
• 3 men to hoe potatoes, $26 month and board.*
- Stable bo.«s. $35 p;r mon,th, room and board.
.Camp cook. $30. per, month. . ' *
JO haymakers, • $1 25' to ; $2 pex'day.
Blacksmith, country, no shoeing, $2 50 a day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.—
Second • cook, . $50 ; . el eva tor • boy, $20 : bellboy,
$15: ..pantry - man.. "$25; . waiter, country, $25;
; porter, countrj'. $25. free fare.- -.;. :~
2 PANTRYMEN, country L hotels, $25 and $20:
porter.. citv. $20; 2 bellboys, $10.. MRS. M. B
DAY & CO., 335 Geary at. ; -
JOURNEYMEN Barbers'. International Union—
j. Free employment. ; .927 ' Market • Ft." room 207.
t' I.;LESS. Secretary : telephone Jessie > 1176. .
WANTED— Brlpht boy about 13 I years ¦ old for
general work In: store. MARKS BROS.." 1212
': Market' st. ¦- .. ¦ :".V.. - -
WANTED— A Fober,' reliable "American nlght-
: watchman; married man. Address box -3187,
Call office. ¦-.- --¦;¦ = • •¦• -..^ a----!- ¦ " , / .
WANTED— Bov - 15 ' to 18 ¦ years . of age to . do
: copying.^ mailing, etc. ¦ Apply room 7, Crocker
¦;-. •.;-..; ; ¦ ..-. . '<:
WANTED^— Errand boy for jewelry store; about
.'14 years old: must' reside with his ¦ parents.
>Box 3173, « Call office.'.. ...;.',;-.'.. 7? . r .
PRESSERS jvanted on coats; . steady work and
- good waGMMalao 1 a;coat trimmer. •' Apply to
. HENRY, HILPS.UC4-106 Battery st •
WANTED— Foreman I bread ; bakers, bread ' bak-
. ers,. helpers. t confectioners ; ' good pay; ; no , fee.
127 Mason st :.; ¦„¦*¦ ' :..; '¦•¦¦..--. -:* . - r
BRICKMAEON- to take contract to build chlm-
, ney,'; non-union: no office fees. Mechanics*
. . Registration -. 410 .' Kearny ; st. .; " '
A • BRIGHT - boy ¦: 15 or 16 years; 1 who writes
• a ;• good > plain ¦¦ hand. - Address . .Wholesale
'" s House, box 31S8,' Call office. ..- :
COATM AKER ' wanted r • to C work In store. ¦
- CHARLES t WEISEIV & , CO.; : 3026 24th ! st I
HOUSES TO' loET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HAMPTON place, 15. off Folsom. bet. 2d & 3d,
\near 3d— $21; sunny house 7 rms., bath; hot.
\cold water: stationary tubs; excellent order.
SUBURBAN HOUSES.
FOR rent — Furnished cottage: Santa Cruz
Mountains; 2^ miles from Wrights; 5 r. and
bath; hot and cold water: porch 54x3 feet.
THOMAS THOMPSON. Wrlshta. or 131 Beale.
~ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Scotch sable collie pup, 7 months old;
- resembles- coyote; sore on left hind lesr; re-
ward. SCO Stelner «t • .
LOST— St Bernard dog, with red star. Saa
Bruno ave. and Army at
LOST— Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary at.
either In car or on street, lady's brown purse,
containing $15 gold. Finder will receive re-
ward for return to cashier. Call office. Claus
Snreckels building. ¦ '
PARTY who called at 2120 Greenwich with lost
purse call again.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper for Tuning. $1 per year.
BUS CELL ANEO US-—FOB S ALE.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. 7Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »t
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gsar machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds
bought sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE, 516 Mission at.
500-EGG Incubator; 400 incubator chicks lOo
each. Apply Potrero Poultry Yard3, 404
Carolina st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 123 Montgomy.
RETIRING from business — I am sacrificing- a.
lot of grand old oil paintings. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. :
A— $3 BO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGSTON.-
558 Mission et _j ;
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
3 H-P gasoline engine, nearly new; guaran-
teed: bargain. EPSTEIN. 538 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and jold. KROGH MFG. CO.
"WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. |
MAGIC lanterns, new and Id hand movlns plc-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Eeale st. f
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery ' st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THB
VALTZ SAFE. 1C9-U1 Market st. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn tha
United States or Canada one year t jr $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WA5TS.
EXCHANGE and sales office. 321 Phelaa build-
ing. Market st— Send particulars of anything
you have for exchange or sale or want; regis-
tration free; insurance and loans.
WANTED— 3 second-hand sectional ZVi feet
Huntlnirtcn mills; cash. Address J. D. M.,
room 73. Chronicle building. .
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing- and
- theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. FoUom 2522.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
<•»»>>. TT. T.. WmT*TTT*MT> 17"* M»>k°t «t
MATR1MOMAL
GENTLEMEN wlshfn? to marry wealthy ladloa
sand 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ, 7C6 EUia st.
ALL contemplating matrimony send 10 cents
for "ThffJWyMinjt .Bell.' •¦¦18 Maaoa st
'MATTRESSES AM> I'l'HOLSTKKV.
MATT^E^S^S~^id^aio^T^er^outh i^WSsT'to
order or renovated, feather and hair cleaned;
expert carpet cleaning: strictly reliable.
HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only; '
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most, obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DOXNELL. 101S Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the mctt won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhei,
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs :
treat yourself: be your own doctor: 4 months"
suppository treatment. Jl; send 2 cent3 for
circulars. 1126 Market at. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT. that la guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped: no
delay; consult free. MHS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
IMPORTANT notice to ladies — Xo medicine or
pills used: 37 years' experience; In all cases
satisfaction sruaranteed: cure in one day; call
on a physician with men's knowledge. EH.
POPPER, medical specialist, 12 Mason st,
near Market
DR. AND MTIS. DA VIES. 122S Market, ladles*
specialists: 32 years' practice: all cases treateti
ly our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cura
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless: consultation free.
DR. ani MRS. GOODWIN. 1935 Market, bet. 6th
& 7th— Expert specialists; well known ami re-
llab!»: 23 yrs. experience: treatment guarant'il
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
j avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
A POSITIVE , cure guaranteed in all femala
¦ complaints or money returned; ny regulator
never fails: th*» most ohstlnat* cases relieved
without pain; best care: te» low; consult free.
MItS. DR. ALLEN*. HIS Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
\ »uccessful practice; guaranteed treatment at
„ office; any ailment; hone before and durlns
confinement 942 Port. Ivt^lvde an-1 Larkin.
; JMOM2V TO LOAX. •
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people caa
afford , to pay on furniture, planes, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will losa
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no>
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st
IF YOUR PROPERTY.
.:...¦. IS MORTOAGKD
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st> Loans on estates In probat*.
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
traces, etc. -
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 15. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d. and 3d mort- .
trages. undivided Interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business etse-
wherc. R.^McCOLGAN. 2« Montgomery, r. 2. .
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
Bt: teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privats
I party; no removal: no commission: conflden-
' tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: mon»y
- quick: lowest interest: eaay terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room M.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old sold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Phelan Bldg.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos: no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 118 McAllister.
S% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 31. 8 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried. peopla without secur-
; lty HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.; 431 Calif n!a.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCT. 142 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate* 'or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome st, room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wtthout
lnrtorner. MORRELT.. W19 Examiner buflrtlng.
MONEY WASTED."
MONEY , wanted— $10,000 wanted at 6 per cent,
on ample • security: « " to 12 months. WEST
COAST INVESTMENT CO., Phelan bWf.
nPSIXES S CHANCES Continued.
$1200— STEAM laundry; long established and
doing large and very profitable business.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO., SO Kearny st.
$S50— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work: daily receipts $10 to $12: rent $42 50.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny St.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
*Kearny et. : telephone Main 1604.
BAKERY— An old established and well paying
bakery in a prosperous country town, which
har both a good store trade and outside
routes: living rooms, with furniture: horses
end wagons: everything complete and in good
running order; will be sold at a sacrifice; a
Great chance; good reason for selling. Aa-
dress box 3107. Call office. ;
FOR Sale— $30C0; old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler, horses,
wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions;
established many years and do'nsr a. nioney-
maklng business. Particulars CARL CARL-
gQN. £00 Haight st. ¦
FOR OAT I* ' /
"The Southern Saloon." 201 Powell st, cor-
ner O'Farr,;ll, will be sold cheap if taken
before June 1. Apply at saloon. i
DENTAL office well advertised, doing a busi-
ness of $600 a month; this is a rare chance
for the right party. Address box 41144. Call
office. ' ¦
• WANTED— Business partner with $?000 capital;
J300 day clear profit. Call or address J. D.
M.. room 73. Chronicle building.
FOR sale— Complete fixtures for a cigar stand;
alFO a card machine; a bargain if sold to-
day. Northeast cor. Davis and Commercial.
ANYONE desiring an interest In a manufactur-
ing business with great future. Call at 118
Phelan building. N "
J2C0— RESTAURANT for sale; 7 living rooms.
MRS. L. LIND. Tlburt.n. Cal.
SALOON — old established corner; 2 6unny liv-
ing rooms; must sell; other business. 554 4th.
WANTED^-A partner in some splendid paying
patents. Call at 7 Clara st.
MUST be sold — A small chicken ranc.h; incuba-
tors, brooders and improvements. . 404 Carolina.
RESTAURANT, good place for man and wife;
very low rent. Address Box 3170. #
MAN with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433, Call office.
BARGAIN in thriving town. Davy Crocket
cigar store. Point Richmond. Cal.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent.
719 Market st. by. the Call building.
8 rooms; rent $20; .Income $3S; terms $100
down and $100 In monthly Installments.. $200
11 rooms; new piano: quiet; respectable.. 300
16 rooms; rent $50; Income $100 1000
20 rooms; rent $£0; income $100; Market at. 900
14 looms; cost $1000: downtown; full E0O
17 rooms; income $135; clears $70 month.. 750
14 rooms; new carpets; new furniture;
full: rent $40; Income $S0: lawn; large
grounds; includes piano; hasty depart-
ure of owner 550
12 rooms: income $97; oak and mahogany;
hair mattresses; bon ton; Al location.. S00
. 24 rooms; corner: downtown; rent $58;
sunny: central: owner sick; compelled
to sell 1300
R5 rooms S3600|100 rooms $6500
€0 rooms 3250 60 rooms 5000
i 45 rooms 3T>0Oi 42 rooms 2000'
i 26 rooms 700| 36 rooms 1800
A. CAMERON .t CO.,
850 Market st. sxd 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list, with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
27 rooms; rent $100; cost $32C0 to fur.; first-
class location; fine downtown house $2600
14 rooms; rent $65; water free; oak fur.. 500
15 rooms; 2 entrances; rent J75; trans..... 1500
20 rooms; rent J60; water free; pood furn. 1000
24 rooms; furniture new; rent $50 2100
19 rooms; rent $60; clears $70 1000
15 rooms; rent $70; elegantly fur. board-
ing-house; reduced on atct departure.. 10DO
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN. ' S
7 rooms; well furnished: good location... $200
19 rooms; big money-maker: cheap rent.. 500
33 rooms; clears $125 rao. ; chiefly offices.. 2000
E2 rooms: excellent furniture; a bargain.. 2800
IIS r. modern house: good cor.; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
Sea our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
TELEPHONE Mint 1551.
WINSTON & WOLF,
Real Estate, Insurance, Business Agents,
1026 Market st.
15 rooms; corner: $300 cash; only.. $300
20 rooms; corner: new furniture 600
F0 rooms; corner; rent $"H) 2000
12 room?; corner: part cash 2700
Money at 1V4 I>er c*nt.
FISHER & CO.. ?35 Market st. opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $S0O; 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price J10PO; \i rooms, price $550.
it rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30. $500.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
16 ROOMS— Only $S50; fine location; near Mar-
ket; fine transient. FISHER. S35 Market Bt.
~ ATTENTION, BUYERS'.
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it
¦ in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
IS ROOM§: Mission St.; rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms; Mason st : rent $45: price $750.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent S75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy Bt. ; rent $58; price $650.
9 rooms: Mission St.: rent $25: price $250.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st.
35 ROOMS; rent $SC; receipts about $200.... $330
10 rooms; rent $30: clears $35 per month. .$650
J3C0— Lcdglng-house. 14 .rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays Rood profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO., 20 Kearny Bt.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 753 Market Et— A good list
of lodging-houses.
SNAP— 28-room hous?. all full: good reason for
selling; rent $C0. 420 Sixth st.
11 ROOMS: oak furniture: must sell on account
of departure. 13T.2 Howard st. corner Tenth.
__ spiritual|1sm>
mrsTjTjTtvhitney—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ere: oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellls-
ft. oar: sit, jl: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2t61. .
MRS. "LESTER, test medium; circles Tuesday.
Thurs. and Sun.. 8 !>. m.. 10c; readings 50c.
148 Sixth St., room IS. ¦ .
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and JTagmetlc Healer, j Room 14, 305 Larkin
' tt; tel. Howard 2711; hourn 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 2:30, 10c; reading
daily. EOc. i u. ¦ . '
MRS. GILLIXGHAM'S circle. 8 p. m.. 10c; read-
Ings daily. 1 to 5, except 'Wed., Sat. 305 Larkin.
MME. MARQUISE, 103 Sixth St., holds test cir-
cle to-night at 8; 10c; sittings dally.
ALL receive tests to-night. 10s; marvelous read-
ings. EOc. $1. Arnold Dlck3on. 148 Sixth st.
RAYMOND, bey medium: grand trumpet se-
ance to-n!ght; tests tc all. 509 Gough.
MRS. ALICE AUSTIN, business and test me-
dlum; clairvoyant: card reader. 715 Post st.
KATJE HEUSSMANN. 13C West Mission st,
nr. 13th— Circle Sun. eve.. 25c; sittings dally.
EARLE. 622 Geary St.. telephone Polk 1297—
: Readings daily; seances Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
.. ¦yfvfr: f=Ittlnr-s dailv; t**t to nl! to-nle-ht: 10c.
~~~~ claikvo yaxts.
mm'eTmT'bernakd, ~~ ""* -~— -
.the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
Khe reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, . un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will bo told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Ft, corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the treat , clairvoyant tells
past and future; never. fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up: satisfaction to every-
- body: cure diseases by sympathy. : 215VJ SKth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease wltU life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1 palm, and clair. sit $150. 126 Turk.
MME. SANDERS. 38 'McAllister et, medium
and palmist; teaches mind • telegraphy and
give*, advice on all business; hours 12 to 8.
ISM AR,' the Egyptian ' gypsy, clairvoyant and
• palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
fith: private , readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your -fate;Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
. j fall*: readings. 50c .8. Hayes st. nr. Market
MME. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,'
test medium, 25c up.' 472 Stevenson st:, cor.' 6th.
MRS. - MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant water.
I reader. 116th; German spoken; tel. Howard, 1846.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card- reader; la-
dlcs,.2Ec; gents. EOc. 132 Sixth st . /-. .
MME. 'SCHAFFER. ilairyoyant - card reader;
i si tunes daily. 4iS>4 Jessie et. bet. ith and 6th.
LET'S go to WATSON, the best palmist and
medium in town.. .1 Seventh st,. cor*. Market
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no. pay; 25c. .1149 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist, card read-
«r; 25c up; leaves May 27. 5 Seventh at . '
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently, business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth - st. '-¦'.
CAItPET HEATING AKD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tchama St.; tel.. South 40.
JONES & CO., reliable xarpet-cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth et; tel. Jessie 1061. ¦
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2351.-
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. " G. - H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.-
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
¦ vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.'
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st ; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. ?1 per vear.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warte, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
r»— »——*—— —™ —— '"'^ ¦
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
jCOTT^ES TO^LET^
COMPLETELY furnished cottage, 6 rooms an<*
bath; fine, garden. 2235 Fifteenth st.
v DENTISTS.
AT^theELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for. 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
EOc; plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Offlc* 1141 Polk st, cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A new thing in gold filling; no hammering as
before; absolutely no pain: investigate; exam-
inations free. Ideal Denial Co.. 6 Eddy,r.44&32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 23C Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full Bet of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.813% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer build In?; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Et, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. . DR. H. G.
YOITNG. 1311 Polk st. " ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market at.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
G^LAGHEl^MXRs7r?5oTle^^^
. Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
S: F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, "typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
- & night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free..
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping,-: shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, life scholarship, $50; Individual
instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st."
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
' Parrott bldg., Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils In all branches In oil
I painting by very competent lady teacher; GOc.
Box E. Call office. ¦
SHORTHAND taught by mall, and personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
Munson, School Shorthand.Typlng.Bookkeeping,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. Prof. Merki, 1008
Mission; concert May 29, Union Square Hall.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISJT lessons; new practical method; full
course UP. 509 Kearny st. ¦ . -¦¦ -
j:lectko-ther,vputic^
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
¦ Pi?. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. S Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.;/
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co.. 24 Montgomery
ave.. tel. John 14S1, will supply labor free of
¦ charge; specialty of railroad help,' farm
. hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment Office ' and House-
cleaning Co.: best help: send men at v short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
¦ cooks, waiters and house servants. '. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fiye; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese erffployment office—
Bert help. 41UJ O'F.irrell st. ; tel. East 426.^
EMi'iiOVaiEKT WANTED—FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second girl • desires situation
San Mateo; best of city references. MISS
CULLEN, 225 Sutter st. - ,„
COMPETENT cook dc3lres situation , in Insti-
tution; good reference. MISS CULLEN 323
Sutter st. - ' ' ¦., ":¦ /• '. ' .'; .:¦;
SCANDINAVIAN Blrl wishes situation • to do
general housework and plain cooking in small
family. Please call at 307 Fifth St., near
Folsom. . _ • " ... • • ; . . . '
A WOMAN -wants a place to do light house-
work and is willing to assist with children. '
Address 1102 Powell - st. ' ' v
WOMAN desires .position cooking, assisting
•with light housework, for a family of adults;
reference?. Address 408'^ Grove st
WANTED— Position by young, lady as cashier
in commercial establishment or : a«t .copyist In ,
office; experience; reference. 149 Russ st. : '
LADY would like . a .position E In' bakery as
saleslady; best of references. Address box
3175. Call office, v
A FINNISH girl wants general ¦ housework . In
small family; no washing-. 129 Clara St., rear,
upstalra. .,, ... .. • ; . .-•'¦>.:?
ELDERLY Protestant . woman wishes place . as
working housekeeper. ' 422 Twenty-ninth st,
¦ between ' Sanchez and Noe. . * ;• '
COMPETENT ; ladles' nurse; confinements or
any kind of nursing; good housekeeper. Ad-
¦ dress Nurse, 620. Van Ness ave. - .
MIDDLE-AGED woman .to. do light housework
, In small family. ' Please apply 33A ' Klssling
' st, bet. Howard and Folsom, ,. off f Eleventh.
AS traveling companion and helper to lady go-
¦ ing abroad or, sojourning out of the city -for
a time; references.- Box 31E5, Call office. ::--.
BY a competent person, an engagement to care
for an invalid or aged person; had experience
-.. Box 31S4. Call office.'. .. ¦-;- ..-.¦,.. : ¦: .-..,- :
COMPETENT woman would like a situation In
a private family; Is kind to children. Please
call 9 Shipley st/ . ¦_-/¦¦ \ ¦; : ,- •¦. ¦;
WOMAN! wants work by the day; 85c. Address
box 3181, Call; office." „ ' \ ;. ... ~ ¦ ..."
YOUNG' lady 'wishes .• situation > aa ' seamstress;
?- is. willing to do second work. ¦"; Box 3183, . Call.
A— MURRAY & READY:...... Phone Main 584S
..Leading— Employment and .Labor— Agents..
........... WANT. 7 A.' M. TO-DAY ••
FREE— FARE FREE— FARE
350 laborers, S. P. R. R. So. 's own work.
Los Angeles and .- Santa Barbara division;
$1 75 to $2 25 day -tree fare
25 teamsters- and laborers. R. R-v work.
Uklah; extra gang for Salt Lake and Los
Angeles div. to go this morning, free fare.
-.-...'..FOR— THE— MINES .......-....••
25 laborers, no experience required •'--
; .....\ $48 and $57 and found
5 machine miners, gold mine.. -' 5 90
.50 laborers, different mines.. $30 to $60 & fd
125 teamsters and laborers, city and country:
laborers, no experience required; for the saw-
mills and woods ......'..$26 to $40 and' found
"..... SEE-^BOSS— HERE— FOR
Screw tender, gang edger and band sawyer,
small sawmill co., Amador Co., see boss at
our office 10 a. m. to-day; 50 men for bay
fields. $35 and $40; 10 teamsters, orchards and
vineyards, $26 • and $30; milkers ¦ and butter
makers, $40, $35 and ¦ $30; 25 choremen and
boys, stablemen, etc.
... MECHANICAL HELP— CARPENTERS ...
6 carpenters, long Job. country $3 a day
Pipe fitter, and plumber, institution. $53 and
found, see boss here; millwright; second car-
riage painter. $2 58 day ••
9 blacksmiths. $3 25. $3 day. $40. $50 and
found; woodturner; 4 blacksmith helpers
Blacksmith, ranch. South ;.. $40
Fainter and kalsominer for institution
Working foreman for ranch, see boss here
15 ranch cooks. $20, $25, $30 and $35 and found
Cook, boarding house, city... ..$40 and found
37 other cooks,. 15 waiters, 37 dishwashers..
Kitchen hands, porters, etc
18 bakers, city and country
$35 to $70 and found
For other places call and get one of our
daily lists, which contains thousands of jobs
. not advertised
, MURRAY & READY 634-638 Clay st
WANTED— Steady man to take Interest In
commission business;" $100 required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market st
BARBER for Wednesday afternoon, Saturday
and Sunday. 260 Third st. ' r --..-.
BARBER— Union man wanted; steady. 108
Fourth st.
BARBER n wanted ; steady work. 797 Mission
street.
BARBER wanted at 52S Broadway; good
¦ wages. • »
GOOD barber wanted for evenings and Sunday
. morning. 1608 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— Edgesetter and bottom finisher.
WENTWORTH SWITZER. 26 Main st |
WANTED— A first-class (strong) lcecream-mak-
er. GRUENHAGEN BROS.. 20 Kearny st.
A BOY to learn photography; start at small
wages. Backus Studio. 44 Geary. 9 o'clock.
DISHWASHER wanted at 107 Berry st. near
. Third- Call at 8.
WANTED— Bright intelligent offlQe boy. Box
3176. Call office. ..
A GOOD strong energetic boy of 18 years or
: over to learn a trade. Apply box 3172, Call.
A BOY about 18; typewriting and general of-
• flee woik preference. 214 Pine St., room 8.
WANTED— Harnessmakers. J. C. JOHNSON
& CO.. 120 First st. ".
JEWELERS. 328 Bush street, third floor,
room 4. ,
APPRENTICE for German printing office.
'Room 3, £35 California st. - - •. '-w-.-f ¦'.
MAN to do dishwashing and porter -work. 212
j O'Farrell st. .
COOK wanted. 846 Wellington St., near Twen-
tlcth. ' ¦
FOREMAN on bread and foreman on cake.
• 612 Kearny at. . * , '
WANTED— A sober first-class day dishwasher
at 304 ¦ Mason st. ; wages $7 week.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos
ave. ;• wages ¦ $12 per month and found..
A MAN to help In boarding house kitchen, $20
a month and found. 212 Ninth St., In rear. .
DISHWASHER wanted at 1322 Kentucky
street. . ¦ -. :
A STEADY man with $150 cash can make $S0
a month. Apply at 209 Kearny St.. room 1.
NON-UNION dishwasher wanted: good wages.
People's Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
BARBER shop for sale. 1192 Harrison St.
ALL Eizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Jvlisslon »t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. **
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. Navy;" able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
- less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch, - able . to read . and ¦ *peak English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis. st, San Francisco.
DETECTIVES — We want a responsible man In
every city and town to do secret service work;
$4 a day and expenses for actual service; ref-
erence required: postage for reply. Interna-
tional Detective Agency, Milwaukee, Wls.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: J60
. monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes ; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOI.ER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Younz man for office work who
has had some office experience; salary $25
per month: state age and experience. Apply
• box 3169, Call office. /
BARBERS— Bargain; $125 only for 2 chairs:
15c shop; laundry office: cirar stand and 2
living rooms; come, see. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st. ¦* »
WANTED — Young man of neat appearance;
' one who thoroughly understands . silks* and
drees goods; state experience, age and salary
expected. Apply box 316S, Call office.
WANTED — Youner man with good education
- for general work; state age, previous experi-
ence, references and salary exr>ected. Box
31C0, Call office.
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion. 127 Mason st. restaurant help of all
kinds: male and female: register at once:
permanent positions; good pay. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin.. Reno -House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; ISO large
rooms; 25c -per night: $1 to $2 per week.
DRY thread operators on men's shoes; better
wasres paid than" -in San Francisco. D. R.
WENTWORTH. West Berkeley.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
I Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
' G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market
WANTED— First-class shoes salesman at Bee
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st.
TAILOR . wanted on fine custom coats; steady
work;- good pay. 533 Natoma st.
WANTED— Good blacksmith. Apply to J.
O'Shea. Seventeenth nnd Vermont sts.. city.
WANTED — Good pant3 presser. 1000 Harrison
. et, corner Sixth.
FEW good solicitors to handle new line of
goods. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth St.
LADIES' and gentlemen's tailor, • "Vallejo, P.
>Gllxman. Apply Detmer Woolen Co., bet. 12-1.
BARBERS— 3-chair outfit for sale cheap. Call
423 Jessie st. ' i
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
; hand shoos for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
GET your shoos half-soled while waiting: 25c
: to Sfic. 562 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
2C0 MEN to buy suits • made to order. $1 per
week. ;A. B. SMITH CO.. 1T8 Ellis st.
WANTED— COO men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to laarn barber trade; ratalosrue mailed
free. S. F. . Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Two srord city salesmen. . WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.. 200 Post St.
| AT cash prices for Jl per week; men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PF.NSIOXS-J. II. SHEPARD 4 CO.. attys..
. ; Hearst bldtr... Third and Market, room 316.
WINCHESTER House. "44 Third st. near Mar-
. ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
j 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HOUSES AJfB \VA<JO\S. <tf
40 HORSES for sals: also wacons, bngfries •
rarts. -harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market'
• 327 Sixth st. ; • auction I «alesi every Wednesday'
; SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. - ;
40 YOUNG horses and mares, broke, from 1100
: ' to 1500 pounds ; also ' 40 work mules for sale
f his week 'at" the Canty Ranch. Grayson
• Stanislaus. County. Cal.
FOR sale— S- good. u-ork horses. 2 strong sand
•wagons and harness: special bargain account
... of owner's death. Call. at 20 Lafayette st -
GOOD business horse and new buggy- for sale-
. horse a good traveler. Napa Soda Office, .147
. New Montgomery st.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
• 3d . session June 10.' Catalogue. by applying, to
.' M. L. Pancoast. Sec..> 510 Golden' Gate ave.
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
, ; ard st v '
FOR sale— Good delivery 'team;' weigh 1150- 7
years old; price.' $200.. 533 17th at: Oakland.
23 ¦ MILCH ' cow*." part s Holstems and .Jerseys
A ddress box • 3121,- Call office.
ALL' kinds of 'wagons.'i buggies, carts, harness,
. etc.. cheap." EGAN & SON. 2117; Mission gt.
AN; A'. No.M' express , wagon.' tingle, also light
camping wagon, for : sale cheap. - 532 Mission.
• CLASSIFIED ! advertisements and xubscrlptlons
. received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore. |TUESDAY, May 21 — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . v Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice ' 03 04
Alta 01 02 Kentuck ....... — 03
Andes...;. 06 07 Lady Wash 01
Belcher 09 10 Mexican • — IS 19
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental ..... 03 04
Bullion ."..... ... 02- 04 Ophlr 1 00 1 05
Caledonia-....'.. .45 50 Overman ........ 13 .14
Challenge Con.. 10 12 Potost '.....'.....*< 02 04
Chollar «5 • 66 Savage U 13
Confidence ..... 55 SO Scorpion-. — ; 04'
Con Cal & Va..2 25 J SO Ser Belcher 01 08
Con Imperial... — .91 Sierra Nevada. 13 13
Con New Tork. — 01 Stiver Hill 33 35
Crown Point... II 12 St Loula 06 —
Eureka Con..*... 06 — Standard .......3 90- —
Exchequer ..... — 0"- Syndicate ...... 08 —
Gould &¦ Curry. 10 11 Union Coo • 21 22
Hale & Nor..:. 20. 21 Utah 06 ©7
Julia- —.03 Yellow Jacket.. 16 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
The fonowing were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: .
: • . Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 501 300 Mexican -. IS
100O Con Cal & Va..2 S0| .400 Ophlr 1 05
. Afternoon Session.
400 Chollar ......... .05 100 Savage 13
800 Con. Cal & Va..2 35 200 Sie-rra Nevada. M
1100 Ophlr 103 100 Sierra Nevada. 13
200 Overman ....... 13
The following were . the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 24i 20O Mexican ........ 18
400 Chollar 06 300 Ophlr 102^
350 Con Cal & Va..2 30 600 Ophlr 1 05
100 Hale St Nor..:. 21 400 Sierra Nevada. 14
, ~ r Afternoon Session. ¦ ¦
200 Caledonia 43 200 Mexican 13
10OC C &Va....2 32% 700 Ophlr 102%
200 C C & Va......2 30 300 Savage 12
2C0 Crown Point... , 12 i ICO Sierra Nevada. 13
800 Hale &" Nor.... 21 ' 200 Sierra Nevada. 14
MINING STOCKS.
Mornlngr Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association. ...... .127 0t>
10 Contra Costa Water ....._ 82-CO
10 Giant Powder Con... .'. 78 00
10 Giant Powder Con » 77 75
ICO Hawaiian Commercial St Sugar SO CO
. SO Honokaa Sugar Co 22 35
50 Honokaa Sugar Co. s 90 23 25
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s..... 113 00
75 Mutual Electric Light 4 75
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s .' US 82>J
20 Oakland Gas 51 00
$5GCO Oceanic S S Bonds .......10O 00
40 Paauhau S P Co......'.......... 28 75
20 Pacific Gas Imp 34 00
25 Presidio R R 25 00
40 S V Water, cash $7 50
10 S V "Water 87 82V£
$2000 S V 6s....... 113 50
(" ! Street
15 Hutchinson S P Co. cash 19 50
$15,000 Oakland Transit Co 6a 118 50
¦ ' - I Afternoon Session.
Board— *
25 Contra Costa Water .V. 80 50
5 Contra Costa Water 81 00
65 Contra Coeta. Water 82 CO
" 5 Contra Costa Water ;... ;. gl 75
5 Giant Powder Con....; 77 50
20 Giant Powder Con 77 CO
5 Giant Powder Con .../, 78 87Va
15 Giant Powder Con 76 75
100 Honokaa S Co 22 37*£
SO Maka-well Sugar Co 33 0O
$8000 Northern Railway of Cal 5s 119 CO
10 Oceanic S S Co 43 50
10 Oceanic S S Co :;.....' : 46 00
$5000 Oceanic S S Bonds.... 100 00
30 Paauhau S P Co 26 75
30 Pacific Coast Borax 149 0©
30 S V Water "..... 87 75
Street— ' -.''-:
$6000 8 P of A Bonds (1910) 114 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. |
, . ¦ Mornins Session.
Board — , • '. v
100 California-Standard '. J«
50 Home _S 00
100 Hofae, b 60.. ......... ......V.. 3 10
100 Home S 05
1250 Independence -15
400 Junction 35
1700 Lion ; 12
200 Lion, s 30 ;....... 12
500 Monarch of Arizona, s 30..... 43
! 500 Monarch of Arizona, s 15 43
200 Occidental of "West Virginia.... 62
1C0 Occidental- of West Virginia 61.
1000 Petroleum Center 06
2142 Reed Crude A 43.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
550 Home '. 8 C5
100 Junction .....;.... 35
1200 Lion 13
3T-0 Monarch of Arizona. .' 42
6400 Petroleum Center ...: 05
600 Sunset (original) 15
100 Wolverine 100
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. ¦ '¦'_/.
¦ y. ';¦'-':/ Morning Session.
. Board—
1000 Cal & Utah Oil Co... 13
1000 Independence • IS
1000 Independence, b 60 15
1000 Independence 14
1C0 Junction 33
Afternoon Session. .
~ ' . Board—
600 Cal * Utah Oil Co 25
1750 Independence — ; 14
1000 Monarch of. Arizona, s 15 ' 41
500 Monarch of Arizona. 8 15 40
600 Petroleum Center .' C6 •
100 Twenty-Eight 1*25
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack. .126% — Oceanic SS 48 47 Vi
Cai Fruit Can. 96 — Pac Aux F Al. 2 — -
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pao C Borax.. 148: —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint..... IS —
Continued from Page Eigiit.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
breeder of AneTora, . goats, has Just re
ceived four Angora goats from Turkey,
which have been procured to replenish
his herds. This is the first importation
of Angora - goats from Turkey to the
United States in twenty-seven years. The
Turkish Government prohibits the expor
tation of goats, and the animals had to be
smuggled out of the country.
Santa .Clara Eancher Invokes Aid of
Smugglers to Obtain the
Animals.
SATC JOSE. May 2L— C. P. Bailey, the
IMPORTS FOira ANGOEA
.GOATS FROM TUBKEY
.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI,L V WEDNESDAY^ jMAY 22, 1901.
11
REAL ESTATE — -CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., .
'.T.' J \ 14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION. .
' * AUCTION. • -
AUCTION.
" AUCTION.
! . AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At/ our salesroom MONDAY," May 27, 10U1,. at
¦ ' 12 o'clock noon. •. . • ¦
" CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER. -.
S. W. Fourth and Brannan sts., choice corner
lot, 36 by 100. Must be sold.
. ELEOANT CHOICE CORNER. . . .
. By. order of Archbishop P. W. » Rlordan. • ¦ -
NW. corner Fillmore and Hayes .sts.; large
elegant residence; lot 112:6x242:6; Irregular.
This property, formerly the Sutro residence,
was acquired' for church purposes, but In view
of the proposed Panhandle - extension not being
sustained by the Supreme Court ' and • the
Church remaining .in its. present location we
are ordered to offer this property. This is a
splendid opportunity for builders.
CHOICE DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
628-638 Clay st. and 627-643 Merchant St., be-
tween Kearny and Montgomery;- two substan-
tial brick buildings, 7 stores and offices above.
Several offices on. second floor and entire upper
floor consisting of 18 offices temporarily va-
cant. Present rentals $425 per month; owner
has standing offer of $100 per month for upper
floor for. lodging purposes on a lease; lot 70x
108:9; 2 frontages. :. ¦'¦
E. T. ANTHONY ESTATE. - '
. ' - Executors' Sale. - -
407-409 Commercial st.', near Battery; sub-
stantial brick building; 2 stores and i lofts;
rents $130 per month; lot 40:7%x73:8, subject
to confirmation by the court. • ¦ '
.PBLL-STBEET INVESTMENT.
220 to 230 Fell st. and 219 to 283 Linden ave-
nue, near Franklin St.; Improvements consist
of 7 houses and 4 flats; rents $177 per month;
bothstreets accepted by. the city; lot 67:0x120;
2 frontages.
CALIFORNIA-STREET INVESTMENT. "
1218 California St., north line, near Leaven-
worth; elegant three-story building in rood or-
der; an Ideal location for private boarding-
house or flats; lot 60x137:6. . <-. ¦
HOWARD-STRBET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1126 Howard st., north line, near Seventh; 3-
story and basement framq.Jmlldlng; store and
2 flats; rents $C5 per month, which are low;
lot £5x90; this choice holdlnglone block from
new Postofflce.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
811-318 Pacific st., near Battery; 2 stores and
lodging-house above; rents $50 per month; lot
44:9x91:8; bank mortgage of JCOOO at 6 per cent
can remain. — - . - . 1
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPKRTY. '
1002-1004 Hyde St.. east line near Pine; Im-
provements consist Of 2 stores and flat; rent,
$55 per month; lot 31x60. - ¦
CELIA HAGAN ESTATE." -,
Executors' Sale.
Subject' to confirmation by the court.
£ ¦ No. 1.
2732 Pine st, north line near Devlsadero;
residence of 9 rooms and bath; basement,
brick foundation,- cement 'walks and street ac-
cepted; lot 26x110. " . " : • ¦
No. 2.
J734 Pine st.J residence of 10 rooms and
bath, basement, bllllard-room, etc. : lot 30x110.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
NE. corner Sixteenth and Castro sts. ; ele-
gant residence o{ 10 rooms and • bath; .brick
foundation, cement walks, etc.; nicely .elevat-
ed; fine view; lot .30x100; cash above bank
mortgage of $3500 at 6 per cent. •• ¦" •
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
428 Bryant St., north line near Third; resi-
dence of. 10 rooms and bath; can be readily
converted Into fiats; lot 25x80.
- . EXECUTRIX SALE.
The following three properties must be sold
'I.-: '¦¦ to close an estate.'
t£ No. 1.
198 Laldley St.; choice residence of 10 rooms
and -bath. . stable, | windmill, . tank, , etc.;- large
grounds and garden;, no expense .¦ spared -, by
owner in making this an attractive and com-
fortable home; well built, commanding an un-
surpassed view; lot 150x176, Irregular: ' this
property fronts on three streets, y *
No. .2. •' ¦ • ••'
Laldley st., bet. Mateo and Ro&noke; lot
100x100; 'planted in trees and flowers; an ideal
spot for a florist; good well of water.
- ¦ ;• ¦¦ No. t. - - •
Laldley st., near Fairmount; .cottage of 4
rooms and basement; separate chicken 'yards.'
large garden, etc. ; lot 100x100. ' . • /
For further particulars . apply at our office.
¦v, G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
¦ • .. : - ¦ '. . , ¦ ¦ 14 Montgomery st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Street. .
—$16,000 RENTS $1800—
Pays 1 per cent per month; 3-story and base-
ment brick building; 2 stores and hotel of 68
rooms; lot 51x137:6; Montgomery st. ' ,
— $35,000^ PROPERTY
Mlsslon-st. business property; downtown;
pays $2400 net per annum; 5 per cent; 4-story
and basement brick building; elevator. . • ,
$8200 RENTS $762 " '
Business property on Eighth st. ; short dis-
tance from Market; -store; basement and flats;
lot 25x137:6.
$2500- RENTS $35 7"
Big Interest on the investment; owner must
sacrifice at once; 2 houses on Harrison and
Alabama ets., near Nineteenth; Investigate
this,
$7500 RENTS $70 PER MONTH — —
Two new flats on Shrader st., near Haight; 1
block from the Park; contains 7 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x 134:6.
•¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • . *> ;
$8150 RENTS $900
Two new modern Pacific Heights flats, on
Devlsadero st. , near Washington; lot 25x110.
Building lots ......'. .' ......^
..Front the Park : ;
....H st. -and Nineteenth ave. Boulevard
Prices moderate . .' '.
Terms $10 per month
Interest 6percenton deferred payments
Lots Level. . ...
Streets Macadamized.
Plank Sidewalks. I
, . Official grade. . •
. Gas, Water and Mall Service.
On -Car Line. - .. • -
Better Class of New Homes..*.
Branch Office at the Corner
of H st. and Nln.th ave., south of Golden. Gate
Park; open every day, Sundays and holidays;
don't delay, but interest yourself in a. home
lot at once. Small first payments, balance $10
per month. Interest 6 per cent on deferred
payments.
.: BALDWIN & HOWELL,
'10 Montgomery Street.
LYON & HOAO. r ~~
114 Montgomery Street
$7000— $1000 cash; Ashbury, near Fell; 10 rooms
and bath. . , -
$5500— $750 cash; Lyon, near Oak; 10 rooms
and bath. -T. •'
$3500— Laurel, near Sacramento; bay-window
. cottage 7 rooms and bath.
$2500— $500 cash, $25 monthly ; Twenty-fourth,
near Caetro; almost new; 7 rooms and
bath; a snap. ".
$2250— $300 caeh; new house. 6 rooms and bath-
Nome ttve., near Eighteenth and Dttn-
vers sts.
$20,000— Jackson tt. Investment;, east of' Van
Ness ave.; 8 flats; all' rented; extra
• ¦ - large lot ; total rents $170.
$3250— Rent $82 50; splendid investment; busi-
ness property In Mission; store and flat
In good condition; must be sold.- i
$9000-Post, near Larkin; good 2-story house
10 rooms and bath; has two frontages-
fine place for a doctor..' • \
$4000— Rent $40; close to Tenth and Harrison
sts.; 4 flats; all rented. "
$7250— Rent $840 per annum; handsome new
flats, close to Park; contain tf and 7
rooms; all the latest- conveniences
$2800— Rent $28; 2 flats. . 4 and 7 rooms, on
> Union Et., near Hyde; always rented
'$45,000— Fine business corner; north of Market
St., not far from town; new. Improve-
ments; all rented; stores and rooming-
house above; pays nearly $300 per
month;- offer wanted. .-.-..
$10,000— Corner, of Fillmore and Page- 63x120-
fine place for flats. ' . ,. "..-.'
$20,000— Fine large . corner on Sutter st. near
.- Fillmore; well Improved; rents $150 per
'month; couloUbe Increased; lot 85x90
A GOOD' INVESTMENT. - ' \
$5750— Rent .$£0; 4 flats, .well located' at the
Mission; lot ?0xll4, of which 40x114 is
vacant; very cheap. " .' .
•$2750— Must be sold to close estate; Powell st
; near Green; 2-story brick house; 7 rooms
and bath. : LYON & HOAG,
•___ 114 Montgomery Bt. ¦'¦-.
PRICE reduced— 2 choice and sltely bulldlne
lots, marine view,- elevated ground, 25x120
each; west side Eleventh avenue, 188 feet
north of ..Clement; street work done; . a few
steps from cars on Clement; cost $2400- price
reduced to $1360 for both; only $680 ' each
. There ought to be scores of buyers for these
lots; bank will lend $400 on each lot. or easy
payments ;can be arranged; certificate - of
title goes with property, no expense; If you
i are paying rent this is your opportunity to
get your home." ". ' • : • ~ ¦ ,
i House rents • are going up, away up, and
you have nothing to show for it; . many a
: carpenter and builder, is, watching for Just
such'. a bargain as this. „ ¦•¦..; ¦¦¦ - .
The lots are about the ' choicest '. and " best
located in Richmond and fully > one-half the
price that lots are selling at the Mission; ¦:¦¦¦
>.;._¦; W. . J. GUNN. - 530 , California Bt. .
A. BALDASSI &- CO., 2C6 Montgomery ave.—
Doing, fair business with English; French,
Italian and Spanish speaking : people. .>.; >
REAL EmTE^OyXTRY^Fo^Sale
WANTED — I want to sell or trade my ranch
- of 126 acres; well improved;. my cash price is
$3500, or I -will trade, for good farm in Kan-
. sas. ..For further-descriptions and particulars
address J. D. SKEED. ¦ Fisk P. . O.; Sonoma
:' Co.,. Cal. ,- ; ; ;-¦ ¦; .-, -.'• -;-.>-;--•:;. ;'. v.^y .....
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free , list , . C. R, WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
- PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist/ 615
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 661.
MME. PALMER, palmist, card reader, beauty
doctress. G24 Kearny St., 1 to 6 p. m. ; $1. 1
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of the
Pacific Coast 906 Market st ¦. -. -
Mrs. Lamb, scientific palmist and character read-
ing; lessons in class and private. 204 Ellis, r. 13.
PAIXTEttS* AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered,
18 up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; open even.
PERSONALS.
BEST on earth— Blood cUson. itchin*. skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh-, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed." We miarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co., permanently
located 628 Montgomery st.,' room 22, third
floor. DRS. KINQ and JONES.
A— IF yotir hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; SS; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug- habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S38 Polk St.. San Francisco.
IF you want a safe 10 per cent Investment buy
shares In SMITH'S CASH STORE, Incor-
porated; few hundred on sale; write or call
for figures. j
A WOMAN on exhibition, oil and wrinkled on
one Mde of face, the other made smooth and
youthful; hundreds 'are astonished. New York
Institute Dennatolory. 105 ElUs St.. Ban Fran.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress Milts. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMO9, 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room-»Wlnchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $160 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus- and baggage to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL to learn hairdresslnK, hair work, man-
icuring-; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1*04 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. t2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
LADIES' tailor suits made to order; reasonable.
R KRAMER, Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
CORSETMAKER and designer. Mme. J.- A.
Leuenberger, 147 Geary, opp. Union Square.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher, fiia McAllister St.
TAILOR made suits. $7 60;'" dress pants, $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton: diseases of men only: sanitarium
659 Clay St.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.-
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years'exper.
OLD gold,' silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
Ladles* and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
. sold. J. Silverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. ¦ wIrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAUOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists. '
PHYSICIASS AXD 8URGEOX8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market rt. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of the human body: see
testimonial* nt office. 115-117 Mason, nr. ElUs.
PICNIC SUPPLIES.
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on M0HN3
& MOHNS. 23 Market St.. for finest wines and
ltouor»: biggest house: open Sundays.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
v. 638 Market Street.
- — M "' : ¦¦¦¦'
SEE THIS TO-DAY— ELEGANT CORNER
FLATS ATA SACRIFICE; this is the cheap-
est property offered In this city to-day; 3 large,
elegant -corner flats;"2S feet frontage; -sun" In
every room; interior finished without regard to
cost: large plate-glass doors, porcelain bath,
nickel-plated plumbing, ingrain paper, etc. ;
rents $70; price $65C0. i' • •
LOCATION,
SOUTHEAST CORNER SANCHEZ AND CLIP-
PER STS.; Twenty-fourth or Castro st. cars;
owner on premises.
ON YOUR OWN TERMS; AT YOUR OWN
PRICE — Elegant modern cottage: will be fin-
ished in 5 days; 6 rooms and bath, porcelain
tub; tiled birdseye maple mantel; dome cell-
Ings; large basement, etc.; light and sunny;
large lot; price $2750; owner on premises; loca-
tion, 1217 Sanchez St.. near Twenty-fifth.
FORECLOSURE - Elegant Pacific Heights
marine view residence; will be sold for. mort-
gage and Interest; right of . redemption almost
expired; residence, 9 rooms and bath; large lot
30x117; 2 frontages; the greatest bargain on
Pacific Heights to-day.
CFARRELL-STREET CORNER FLATS-
41:3 frontage, on northwest corner; 5 new, ele--
gant flats with every modern convenience; will
pay 10 per cent; price $26,000.
LEAVENWORTH-STREET INVESTMENT—
57:6 frontage; walking distance Market and
Kearny sts.; 3 fine large well-built houses of
9 rooms and bath; always rented; price $15,000.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT — Near Ellis
and Leavenworth' sts. : 8 flats in Al condition;
always rented for $1572; S3 feet frontage; price
lie.ooo.
SNAP— NEW MODERN WESTERN ADDI-
TION FLATS, 7 and 8 rooms and bath; round I
bay windows; light and sunny; cars pass; vi-
cinity Pacific Heights; rents $960; price $$500.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW CORNER— On
Jackson st. ; -will sell for value of land; superb,
unobstructed view of entire bay; 27:6 frontage;
2 modern flats of 6 rooms and bath; bank mort-
gage $2S00.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE— Few feet from Van
Ness ave.; lot 26x137:6; aristocratic neighbor-
hood; 10 rooms and bath; conservatory, etc.;
price $12,000.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE; FORCED
SALE; BNAP— Large, beautiful home; 1 block
.from panhandle; 9 rooms and bath; must • be
sold; mortgage $4000 can remain; price $5000.
PAYS BIG INTEREST— 6 fine, well-built flats
of 4 and 3 rooms; rents $516; lot 25x112; near
Sixth and Ho ward, sts,; price $4000.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market street.
ALL GENUINE BARGAIN^ IN THI6*LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
$1300— Eight-room house on Union st. ; terms
half cash. - '
$1500— Five-room cottage near . Buchanan st. J
$1600 — Seven- room house on Broadway; a snap.
$2200— Three fiats near Mason and Sutter sts.;
rents $21. - ¦ •
$2500— Store and 4 rear living rooms on Mission
street. . -
$2400— Five-room cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Market sts.
$3250— Seven-room house on Leavenworth st. ;
very cheap. - o • ¦ - •'* .• :
$2500— Store, flat and' house; rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission sts. - ; . ... .^ .
$3600— Store, with rear rooms and flat above;
reduced from $4500 to make sale; near Eddy st.
$7500— Four brand new flats; all, rented;' $72;
east of Van Ness ave.
$10,000— Store and 2 elegant flats; pay about 7
per cent net. . - . ' ' .
$17.500— Two stores and 2 flats; no vacancy, in
8 years; rents $107; lot 50-foot front. . ¦ - ¦
$18,600— Grand investment; modern Improve-
ments; lot 70-foot front;. near Taylor st.; rents
$170; all rented. - ¦- ¦
$25.000— Greatest I bargain In city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building; all -rented, and
pays positively over 8 per cent net;- within a
few blocks of Chronicle. , ¦ • . •
$33,000— New Improvements; rents $245; SO
feet front; close to Sutter and Leavenworth sts.
$36.000-rMlsslon Et. ; 70-foot frontage; down-
town district. - ¦
$55,00O^-Post 6t. corner, downtown; splendid
building; 60 feet front; paying 6 per cent net.
Other bargains. ' ' .
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
NEW 2-story houses; 6 rooms and bath; only
2 left out of 8;. $2200; cash or Installments.
1327 Montgomery ave. ' s t • - . t
BARGAIN — That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 776 Cole St.; open daily.
IF you - have lots . to sell north of the - Park,
then call on W. J.* GUNN/. £30 Calif ornla st.
MIXES AXD MIXING.
MONTEZUMA COPPER-CO AL-^COKeI
MONTEZUMA COPPER— COAL-COKE.
MONTEZUMA COPPER-COAL-COKE.
Montezuma enares (par value ?1) may be
bad for a short time at 12c cash or 14c on 'easy
monthly Installments. These are strictly
ground-floor prices and all changes will be In
the direction f.t higher prices.
Our clients believe the Monteruma Mining
Company of Washington have In the great com-
bination of Copper. Coal and Coke all "under
cne roof the best mining proposition on the
Pacific Coast or In the United States, for that
matter. In which shares tnSy be had at nominal
cost. Large boOies more slowly, but one*
started the momentum Is tremendous. The
Montezuma U a big concern, requiring large
capital to develop, but once a. producer it will
/ continue bo throurhout the ares. The share-
holders are making an investment ' for a life-
time and perhaps for the lifetime of their chil-
dren as well.
Wt are srowini; rtptdlr on this coait and the
next ten years will witness such development
In industrial lines as Is not to-day dreamed of
by the mastes. This growth offers great oppor-
tunity for money making to all alike, but not
more than one In a thousand will avail himself
of It.
Every maa owes It to himself to Investigate
a premising proposition far enough to deter-
mine whether or not It Is sulteft to his needs.
The Investigation costs him nothing, and the
failure to make it may mean a life chance
— — ¦
thrown away.
The Monteruma Mining Company, with Its 24
copper mines and its 2000 acres of coal leases,
all near Facet Sound, courts Investigation of
the most searching kind of both company and
properties. It is an easy matter to determine
-what the Montezuma Is and has. The . pros-
pectus tells the truth, but more and better evi-
dence may be had. Our excursion- to the mines
leaves Ban Francisco June IS. Transportation
to honest Investigators, free; to others, $40 for
the round trip, including sleeper. Tickets lim-
ited to €0 days. Folder tells all about it
Write to-day.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTT AND TRUST
CO.. Selling Agents, 310 Safe Deposit Building,
corner California and Montgomery sts., San
Frsndsco.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGENTS wanted— We want some good, live
"piano rustlers" both here in San Francisco
and all over California. Nevada and Arizona.
We do chiefly a "wholesale piano business,"
but any retail buyer who will call at our
¦vrarerooms, 923 Market St., at once or write
to us w-111 secure the lowest quotations.
We handle the Stock. Everett. Packard,
Hsrtman, Conover. Ludwig;. Harrington.
Cable, Jewett. Kinfrsbury and other* ; also
Chicago Cottage and Packard organs. We
have recently taken in a number of second- ;
hand pianos in part payment for new onex>, .
which we will sell for about one-half their '¦¦
real value. We have, also, two or three
"Apollos," the new self-playing piano, which
ere almost new and which we wiy sell for
half price.
THE WILET B. ALLEN CO..
933 Market et., San Francisco.
Branch. 9S1 Broadway, Oakland.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLaT
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Eteinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, ?6 per
tnouth; some good pianos cold for S3, $4 and
$5 r« month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO/,
Fteinway dealers, corner Ke&ray and Sutter
ets.. Ban Francfcrco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth et., Oakland.
ALL -uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella 165 2 Chlckerlngs <llke
1 Heine baby grand n«?w) 1200
<llke new) tZ25 X Hallet-Davis . . . . $463
I Eteinway JlSSl 2 Helnes $315 up
And fifty others: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for fa-
mous Hallet-Davis-Helne. etc. : agents want-
ed. HEINE PIAXO CO.. 217 Geary St.
ABOUT the best bargain we offer to-day Is a
gDOd toned Instrument for $50; a better one
for $100 and lots of others at almost your own
price; our great cash sale is still on and you
have until June 1 to take advantage of it: w»
are offering euch very great Inducements that
no one can afford to let the opportunity pass.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS. TC9 Market st.
. |
REMOVAL of KEEFFFS piano ttore from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
214 Post tt., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
cf our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFI3. 214 Post st.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
AT BYRON MAUZT*E, 308 PO9« ST,
You are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing piano attachment;
can be put In any piano: also to Inspect our
piano factory «nd fee how a piano is made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Ham-
ilton. Spie!mar.n pianos.
¦ ¦ ¦ i
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
wert of Chicajro ts KOHLER & CHASE'S.. 26.
SS and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
ell other musical Instruments of all grades
-and price*: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
§ thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis, 1- Conover, 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling, 175. JI25. $145. etc: easy payments.
BEfj. CURTAZ & PON. 1« O'Farrell st.
Chlckerlng. Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains; upright
pianos. $75 and upward; Stelnway. Knabe.
Emerson. Hartman and others; squares $10
up. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
FOR SALF.— A fine Bradbury piano. 341 Eddy,
corner Leavenworth et. ; grocery.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice — Large cabinet grand up-
right piano; leaving city. 219 Leavenworth.
HAVE sold 2 pianos; have another excellent up-
right at big barirain. T. H. Kilgo. 846 Mission.
AN upright piano; must be sold; owner leaving;.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st. I
CLOSING out stock of pianos; arices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. bldg.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
£3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIAXO CO.. 660 Hayes St. .
1117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary Et., room 28.
A SMALL Chlckering upright. J125; 6 uprights,
second-handed; your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.; you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
BAIKJAIN — Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A3VD STORES TO LET.
, . . . . I, , *¦ , , „ j
FOR rent— A loft for light manufacturing; 44x
I37^«fcet; use of freight and passenger ele-
vators Included: r75 month; light, new, flre-
proof. At 27 Market st.
LIGHT, runny offices $15 to $20. Emma Epreck-
*1» twTlrt'ng. *?7 Market nt.
OIL LA.VDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office, 23 *nd 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Laet chance at 10c; big advance
in a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
eizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission eU
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
76 pagey. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PILES- ¦ /_'_"__'_-_
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures ¦ bere In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men cent as reference; no chloroform,
eurgery or delay from business, and no
ealves for eeie. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box 1950. Call office, B. F.. Cal.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnru. and Unfnrn.
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur. rooms.' Mr." &
Mrs. J.F.. Sweeney, late of the Esmond . House.
GEARY, 384—2 sunny ¦ front rooma; separate if
desired; suitable for 2 young- men. -¦'.:. -
GOLDEN GATE, - 8^4— Sunny front suite; suit-
. able for ; offices ; or; living, rooms ; also single.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and • Mission • sts.— Sunny,; rooms, en suite . or
.. single; ladies' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. : DENIS, 24 Turk, . near. Market—
" Bteam ' heated, fireproof, ' new i building; new
! and elegant furniture; single rooms and
"suites i with or without private bath; hot and
•" CQld water, ' electric light and. return call-
• bell In: every room;, elevator" and full hotel
service; rates 75c per day and upward: ref.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths.' Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
MARKET,* 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely , fur-
; nlshed rooms >2 a .week. up; 35c a. day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
METROPOLE/ 8 Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-'
nlshed rooms from tO^to <2 per day. -
MINNA. 262, near 4th— Furnished front parlor,
suitable for 2 gentlemen, in private family.
MINNA, 667,* corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished • rooms . and
; offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROSEDALE ! House, 319-221 Ellis st.-Roomi,
night. 25c to $1; week. >1 25 ty|4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 ¦ Ellis— Incandescent light;
readlns-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground^ floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths,' ; '.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— I-'urnlshed or unfurnished. • ¦
SIXTEENTH, . 2911, " near IIoward-Larga fur-
- nlshed front room. -.•.. ' .
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine ¦ sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK. 268 (The ,Lake)-New house; newly fur-
" nlshed ; board optional. - Phone South 422. .
WALLER, ' 60. off Market— Room for gentle-
man In private family. . ¦ : ":¦¦;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions .has been established at 1096
Valencia st. / ¦ • . . . •
; ROOMS AKD BOARD. .-
AN exceptional table; pleasant. ¦. rooms; ¦ good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sunny
suites or single rooms; private batha; excel-
lent table and service.
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia St., -Mission
, warm belt— Good board; fine rooms; ' reason-
able rates: cars pass the door. .¦¦-'•¦
WANTED— An elderly lady to board in the
' country; terms very reasonable. Address A.
L., Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal. ¦ . : / '• '
A FAMILY hotel, Wilmott. 728 Sutter— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.
HOTEL Repelier, 781. Sutter— Newly furn.;
- excellent table ; ; special rates to tourists. - -
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 r^trket— Suites. 2 or
8 rooms, bath, connecting? ;. board optional.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415 First
¦st., between. Harrison and Bryant.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent 'to any address In the
. United States or Canada ¦ one year for fl> '
postage paid. :.¦¦--..-¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ;
'ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY and child wisa room and board near San
Rafael. Box 3178 Call ofljee. •....- :
..-.. !¦'¦¦-. ROOMS ' WAXTEp, , ¦ - '^ . •
LADY- not home during day would like i room
- In Mission. 1609 Howard st. . - .. '
SPECIAL NOTICES. ". ' ' i
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up; palnt-
' done. 319 Third st., Hartman Paint Co. .
BAD tenants ejected -for 14; collections made;
-city: or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION.
CO.. 415 .Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
SEWING .- MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines, all . makes at ' al-
most any price you -want to pay; all kinds
• rented S2 ma^145-- Sixth st.{. phone -Mint 16.
ALL kinds bought, Bold and repairing guaran-
• teed/Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought/ sold, rented, exchaagred. . re-
paired; open even. ; phone Black 1124. : 205 4th..
STORAGEj^AND \^REHOUSES. j .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving- Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel.. Main 5713. <•
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
¦' teL Main 1S40;' shipping at- cut rates.' -1
PACIFIC ' Storage and Furniture Moving^. Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; : phone Jackson: 281.
GOLPEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.;:tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS. '
TYPEWRITERS AMD SUPPLIES^
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. S36 California: telephone Main 266.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 21, 1901.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received .here
untll'll o'clock a. m., Monday, June 10. "1901/
and then opened, j for construction of ..Water
-' and Sewer System at -Fort Baker, CaL- Gov-
ernment reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids in whole </r.ln part. -Preference
given to articles of clqmestlc. production, con-
dltidns of price and quality. (Including In the
price of foreign productions the duty thereon),
being equal, and such preference given to ar-
ticles of. American production produced on the
Pacific Coast, ' to ¦ extent of consumption re-
quired by. the public service there.' Informa-
tion furnished on application to J. M. MAR-
SHALL, Assistant. Quartermaster " General,
Chief Q..M. .- .
PROPOSALS for Clothing for U. S. A.- Trans-
¦ port Service, Depot Quartermaster's Office,
. 36" New Montgomery street., .. San : Francisco,
Cal., May 13, 1901.— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will be received at this office Until 11
a. m., Thursday,, May 23, .1901. Pacific Stand-
ard ..Time. ,: and then opened for , furnishing
White Duck Aprons, White Caps. ' Blouses,
Dark Blue' Caps, Cap. Ribbons. White Duck
Hats. Working- Jumpers, White Duck • Jack-
*" ets. Lanyards. ." Neckerchiefs, Dungaree
Trousers, Working Trousers, White ¦ Duck
Trousers/. Overcoats, Reefers, • and Hospital
, Flags.- Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture/ eohdl-
' tions of price and quality being equal' (In-
cluding In the price of foreign production and
I manufacture the ; duty thereon), _ and such
• ' preference, will be given 'to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves . the . right to " ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. 1 . Information and - blanks for -pro-
posals, will be furnished' on application. ' En-
velopes containing proposals will be endorsed
. "Proposals -No. ¦¦ 4543," and addressed to
Major OSCAR 'F. LONG. • Quartermaster. U.
. S. ¦ Army. - Depot Quartermaster.- ... ..;
ADVERTISEMENT— Office - of ' the Chief En-
gineer, Division * of the Philippines, Manila.
- P. • I., ¦ ¦ March', 1 1, . 1901— Sealed proposals for
.constructing a. harbor at 'Manila. P., I., -.will-
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1/1901. and then publicly opened.
¦: Work, to be done Includes ; about 150,000 cubic
yards 'riprap. 21,000 cubic yards ¦ concrete and
¦ rubble masonry, in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 -cubic yards ' of 'dredging- and a pile bulk-*
head 4700 feet long. Dredging in. mud. : sand
and shells. to a depth of; thirty feet. ,'Dredged
material to be used > for reclaiming land.
- Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
B hundred thousand I dollars .' ($100,000) in -. gold.
"¦ - One i contract . will , be made - for . the „ whole
•tvork.T Contractor's bond. will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. i The right Is ' reserved . to
• reject any or all bids. .For specifications and
'.blank forms apply -to this office. Bureau of
:..Insular-. Affairs, -Washington,' -D. C; United
; ,'Statcs Engineer Offices, at i New York. ¦ Chl-
. I cago - and ¦ San Francisco. -JOHN B1DDLE,
. Captain, \ Engineers. -, • . , . .'
PROPOSALS FOR DRAYAGE— General Depot
_ of the .Quartermaster's ¦ Department, , San
Francisco, Cal.,' April 22, 1901— Sealed propo-'*
sals for? the hauling of ¦ military stores . and
supplies in and about the city of San Fran-,
clsco, ~ Cal:, : for the fiscal ' year commencing
July :1. '1901. .will -be 'received at this office
until 11 o'clock a.. m., on Thursday, the 23d
day of -May, 1901, ¦ and ; : then -opened.", ..The
! • Government . reserves the right . to . reject any '
or : all proposals. ".' All t necessary, information
.wlll-.be furnished on application to this' of-
' fice. Envelopes containing proposals should
'¦- be indorsed ,• "Proposals : for ¦ Drayage" ¦ and
I ' addressed to OSCAR F. i. LONG.^ Major and
', Quartermaster, . U. - S. Army, '¦ Depot Quar-
; -termaster. . ". .' .. : ' .-• •.- ¦ *".'.-¦
,, The following marriage licenses were issued-
yesterday: ¦. -.< ¦ • ¦ :¦ . ¦ ¦. ¦, . . ._ :¦ •_¦ , : - .¦¦".; s' -.
- Marcos -B. - : Granadino,' ; " 63, i Lick . House, and
Zolla - E.' de la • Roza; ¦ 35, San Jess. - . ¦ .: ¦ -¦
¦¦ Walter J." Thompson, 26, '419 Hyde street, and
Genevleve H. McConnell; s 24/ Moscow,- Idaho/ J;
¦ - Francis Splller/ 57, 1 410 Twenty-sixth ¦ avenue/
and "Adele ¦ Ruplnsky, ¦ -«5, " Elmhurst. : *
.-William- A: iMcInnls/ ; 36.-:61 • Bernal *. avenue,
and ' Jessie ¦ M. Bradford, 23,'s 1506 ' Larkin street.
-Edward Lamb/ 28/ Presidio, > and Minnie Hun-
ter, -'25/, Spokane Falls. ~. ' s ¦ '¦.-:; V,'* :
Giacomo - Glanninl. ¦ ' 32/ . Colma, '. ¦ and ¦ Rosa
'Lagomarslno/: 27,"; Colma. .' - '', ''¦¦¦
i Solomon Nasralla, • 28/ 155 •• Second street, ' and
Mary-, Sapa;%. 20/- 155 Second " street. "¦* .¦ . . -
'. '¦Abdelll ¦> Nasralla./;' 26, :¦ 155 ; Second • street.- ' and
Badla - Balish.' 1 19/. 155 Second . street. ; .: .< ,
-"¦• Jang - Que " Hing,- 1 29/- 709 • Dupont • street, , and
Lau* AhiYoke,; 18, 932 Clay street. ' .' .
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. =
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ill at. either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons ' authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
3OOKe"r— In this city. May 17, 1901. to the
- wife of George -T. Booker, a daughter. '
HaOAN- In -this city. May 9, -1901. to the wife
: of ¦ Daniel ¦ Hagan, - a daughter.
QUARRE— In this city, May . 21, 1901. to the
wife of Emile Quarre, a daughter. .- .
NIETO— In this city. May 19/ 1901. to the wife
of Kabbl- J. Nieto,..a. daughter I tJi* r
SHEERIN— In this city. May 17, 190L to the
wife of John J. Sheerln, a daughter. ¦
~~~. ~ MARRIED.
BUCK— WANDERER— In this city, j May i IS.
1901, by the Key. J. H.' Bchroeder, William
H.-Buck and Annie Wanderer. • * ' <
HANSON— ASHARD— In - this " city. May 20.
1901, by • the Rev. Frank S. ¦ Ford. Arthur
Wilford Hanson and Pearl Asbard. both of
San FrancUcp. • . ¦ . ¦
DIED. ' -
Alcao, James ' ' McCarthy, John
Anderson, Jamea l\. ' McGuckin. James ¦
' Beckman, John* / Melllss, Frances P.
Braunbeck. Peter; , I Morgenstcrn, Minna .
Brown, George Moss. Ernest G. ' ' ;
Burke, Aleck Oberdeener. Samuel •
Cohen, ¦ Jennie Olsen, Jens
Comstock. Daniel O'Malley; Dr. W. H. •
Crowe, John J. Pearl, James
Deck, Rita V. . Roach. James
Devaney,- Rose Sandberg;, John A.
Flney, Arthur , Bchmldt. Albert A. \
Keller, John Smith, Beatrice J.
Lacy, • Benjamin T. Sullivan. Catherine
... Lynch, John - Weniger, Fredrlcka
Lyons, Thomas m Wilson, Robert It.
ALGAO-In the City and County Hospital,.
May 21. 1901, James Algao, % native of Ire-
land, aeed 67 years.
ANDERSON— In this city. May 20, 1901, James
II., beloved son of Jane and the late Alex-
andra Anderson, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 43 years. • ..' .
BECKMAN-In thi» city. May 20. 1901. John
Beckman, -beloved- father of Mrs. C. Johnson
. and Andrew and Caroline Beckman, a na-
tive of Sweden.
.' C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend -the funeral, this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his dauehter, Mrs.. C. • Johnson. 43
Beaver street, between Noe and Castro, Fif-
• teenth and Sixteenth, and .thence by elec-
. trie funeral <car leaving corner, of Guerrero
- and Eighteenth streets at 2:15 o'clock sharp
to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for interment.
BRAUNBECK— In this city, May 19, 1901.
, Peter, beloved husband of Jacobine Braun-
beck, father of Louise, Lizzie. Herman,
Marie,'- Hudla and Carl Braunbeck. and son
of - Mrs. Elizabeth Braunbeck. a native of
Germany, aged 43 years and 5 months. A
member of Deutscher Krieger Vereln; Vereln
Elntracht; Pacific Stamm No. 66. U. O. R.
M., and'Hessen Singing Society.- (Chicago,
111., papers please copy.).- ;. :-*¦<
ICT .Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 515 Thirtieth street,- thence to B'nai
B'rith Hall, 131 Eddy street, where services
will be, held, commencing - at 2 o'clock. In-
terment I. . O. O. F. Cemetery. Pleaae omit
. flowers. • - ; ;•• • • -
BROWN-In Alameda, ". May 21,1901. George
Brown, .beloved father of George A. Brown,
¦ Mrs. Florence E. Galge and E. Frank Brown,
a native of Hartford, Conn., - aged 77 years
4 months and 14, days. A member' of Cali-
fornia Pioneers.'
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 2 q' clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2103 San Jose- avenue, Alameda. • In-
terment Mountain - View Cemetery, Oakland.
BURKE— In the CHy and County i Hospital,
. May. 21. 1901, Aleck Burke, a native of Ire-
land, asred .54 years. .
COHEN— In this city, May- 20, 1901. Jennie
Cohen, beloved sister of Mrs. R. Llppman, ¦
- Mrs. E. Lewis and Mrs. H. Levy of Virginia
City, Nev.. a native of Mokelumne Hill,
Calaveras County, Cal., aged 34 years and 3
months. ¦ > ¦• ¦ ., .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Theo. Dlerks, 957- Mission street and
thence by 11:30 o'clock train . to New Salem.
Cemetery for interment. . -.
COMSTOCK— In this city, May 20. 1901, Daniel
Comstock, beloved husband of Mary A. Com-
stock," and father \>f Mrs. W." E. Wolf, Mrs.
J. R. Brown, Mrs. Hattle Pflelder and M. H.
Whipple, a native of Springfield. III., aged
41 - years 8 months and 15 days.
• (^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 'the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from -the par-
lors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell
: street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
• by carrlaje. •
CROWE— At his residence. I?08 Turk street.
May -20. 1901, John 'Joseph, dearly beloved
husband of Dido Wilson Crowe, father of J.
J. Crowe Jr., son of. the late John J. Crowe
J. arid Mrs. J. GaJIney,."and brother of Mrs. M."
• F. Bowes and Mark "A. . Crowe, a. native of
, San Francisco, aged 37 years. ;
C?Frlends are invited to attend a requiem
high mass, to be celebrated for the repose of
his soul ¦ at Holy Cross Church this (Wednes-
day) morning, at 9 o'elock. - Interment pri-
vate, Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ ', •• , •'.
DECK— In Oakland. May 21, 1901.- Rita Vivian,
beloved dausrhter of E. M. and Clara' R.
• Deck, . and granddaughter of Mrs. M. A.
Young, a native of Oakland, aged 2 years
and 13 days.
DEVANEY— In this city, May '21, 1901.. Rose,
beloved wife of the late Terrence Devaney.
. and ' mother of Mrs. Joseph F. I Farrell and
the late John Devaney, a native of County
Mayo, Ireland, aged S3 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o"clock, from her late resi-
dence, • 326 Twelfth avenue, thence to Star
of the Sea " Church, . where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for. the repose of her
soul at 9:30 o'clock. - Interment Holy; Cross
Cemetery. ¦. - ¦
FINEY-In. this city." '»' May 21. 1901. -Arthur
Finey, dearly .beloved son of Martin J. and
Catharine Flney, and brother of Gerald and
Mary Flney, a native of San Francisco, aged
• 6 years 10 months : and 13 days.
KELLER— In this city, ¦ May 19. • 1901, John.
¦ dearly beloved son of ' William and Sophie
KPlIer, and brother of Charles, Effle. Willie,
Lena, Minnie, Harry and Freddie Keller, a
. native of Honolulu, H. I., aged 11 years 9
' months and 21 days. . : - x *
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock; from the residence
.'of his .parents, 130 Lexington avenue,- be-
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery." '-.
LACY— In this city. May 21, 1901, Benjamin
T. Lacy, aged 65 years; \ .
£7"Frlends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend a solemn requiem mass for- the re-
pose . of . his soul, to be celebrated at St.
' Francis Church, corner Vallejo street- and
Montgomery avenue, to-morrow (Thursday),
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment private. . Please
•onrif^flowers. * . ¦ • « ¦
LYNCH— In this city. May 20. 1901, John, be-
loved husband of the late • Elizabeth Lynch,
and father,of John and Annie Lynch, a na-
.' tlve of Limerick, Ireland, aged 53 years.
• K^Frlends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son, 114 Welsh street, thence to
St. Rose's Church, ' where a solemn requiem
. mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. *.,..; V"
LYONS— In this city, May - 21, 190L Thomas
- Lyons; a native of County Kerry, Lseland,
aered 79 years. ¦ ' • : . ¦
• (CyRemalns at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
I street. . ...
MCCARTHY— In . this city. Mar" 20. 1901. John
' McCarthy,, a native of Ireland, aged 96 years.
McGLUCKIN— In this city.. May 21, 1901. James,
: beloved husband of Kate McGuckin. father
, tt Annie. Margaret and Edward ¦ McGuckin, I
vnd brother of the ¦ late John McGuckin, a]
native of , County Kerry, Ireland, aged 39 ;
years... - k~. '¦*¦¦¦ ' . . .- ¦ .
• CJ-Notice of funeral hereafter. • . -. • .
MELLISS— In" this city. May 21. 1901, . Frances
Pauline .Bolton,' beloved wife of D.' Ernest
Melliss.' * ¦¦¦¦•.. ¦ . • ' ¦ " " .-
JC7" Notice of funeral hereafter. "• .
MORGENSTERN— In this city. 'May 20, 1901.-
Minna Morsrenstern. beloved sister of Albert
'and -Alfred ¦ Morgenstern ' of ..San Francisco
• and 'Mrs. Amalie. Leopold.' Mrs. " Pauline
' Schmieder and Mrs. Emma<Telchert of Ger-
many, "a native of -Germany, aged 63 years 5
months and 5 days. - ¦ ¦ ¦ -V v :\.: j
C^-The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at- 10 b' clock, from the funeral
parlors of II." F. Maass, 917 Mission - street
' Interment . private. ¦
SlOSS— In this city." May 21. 1901, Ernest G.'
• Moss/; beloved husband of the late Josephine
"Sanford Moss, father of Sanford "A. and :¦ E.
- Carlton Moss and Mrs. Arthur , R. Rickoff,
beloved son of Mrs. . S. L. . Mosa of Paris.
, France, and grandfather of Gregory Carlton
Moss, a native of New Orleans/aged 62. years
.- 5- months and 24 days. .-. r« -I* ~ ': •¦
OBERDEENER- In Santa Clara. ; May 20, 1901,
Samuel Oberdeener, beloved . ..- husband .of
Emma Lauck Oberdeener.' and father of
• HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. V
• *, V . (Successor • to ' Flannagan ' & Gallagher.) • '.'
.-:,' •'-.-; .DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
-r 20 Fifth St./.- opposite Lincoln School. . .-
-" ' ¦¦¦ - K-- Telephone". South 80. ', ¦' j ',"..."*---- t -y.
IJA/VIBS H^cGINN,
Formerly \. with . McGinn '. Bros..- has opened
new Funeral ¦ Parlors • at 214 ' Eddy -St.. bet.
„ Taylor and .Jones. "Telephone South 576. ...
I- •¦. yv\c/\\/o>' - «st'_ c:o.; ., , I
FUNERAL DD3ECTORS & EMBALMEHS, 1
.1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. 1
• V.-.-. Telephone South - 247. V •• |
•; r : U N 1TED UNDERTAKERS,- f
-.--••,' 27 and 29 Fifth" st! ITeL 'South : i67.",
I tNERAL DIEECT033 ANO [ EMBALMBai.
- ' -Finest Equipment *'at ¦ Moderate Rates. "."'.*"
Mildred Oberdeener. : & native of • San Fran-
cisco, aged 42 1 years. : ' .
E7Funera1 will take place from the family
residence in Santa Clara this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock. • : . . - '".••¦
OLSEN-In this city. May 17. 190V Jens Olsen.
beloved brother of Peter. Jacob. Johannes
' and " Christian Olsen. a native of Germany,
aged S7 years.'
IC7Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tkis day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of .the United Undertaken. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Laurel - Hill Cemetery.
CMALLEY— An anniversary requiem mass
will be celebrated to-morrow (Thursday), at
9 o'clock. In St. Mary's Cathedral, for the
repose of the soul of Dr. W. H. O' ilalley.
United States Army. Friends are Invited.
PEARL— In this city. May 21. 190L James, be-
loved husband of Alice M. Pearl, father of
William and James Pearl, and stepfather of
Stephen Clark, a native of Ireland, axed 65
years. -
(ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
ROACH— In this city. May 21. 1901; Jamet, be-
loved son of the late Lawrence and Julia
Roach, and brother of Michael. David. Jere-
miah. Thomas and Frank Roach, a. native
. of - San Francisco, aged 41 years and 2
months. - •-.;.' \
CTFriends and acquaintance* aw respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at > o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 343 Clementina, street, thane* to Bt.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
hlfh mass will, bo celebrated for the repos*
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . •
BANDIlERO — In Oakland. May 20, 1901, John
Albin, beloved son of Walfrled L. and Ade-
llna Sandberg. and brother of Wllhelmla C,
' Walfrled J.. Jennie C. and George A. Sand-
bcrr. a native of Providence. R. I., aged IS
years • months and 19 days.. (New- England
papers pleaae copy.)
17" Friends and acquaintance! are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from hla lats-
residence, 6S24 Raymond street, corner o£
Falrvlew. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
SCHMIDT-In this city, . May at 1301. Albert
A. Schmidt, father of Fred Smith, a native
' of - Germany, aged 54 years.
SMITH— In Seattle. May 20. 1301. Beatrice
Julia, dearly beloved daughter of Fred M.
and Joseohlne L. Smith, a native ot San
Francisco, aged 2 years and 10 months.
SULLIVAN— In this city. May 20. 1901. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the lata John Sulli-
van, and mother of Darld. John. Minnie and
William Sullivan, a native of Ireland.
C7Krienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral thla day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 4070 Twenty-fourth street, thence
. to - St. James Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WENIGER— In Vallejo. May 20. 1901. Fred-
. erlcka,-. widow of the late Charles Weniger
Sr.^and beloved mother of Mrs. J. V. Mllier,
George Wenleer. Mrs. R. Miller. P. J. Wenl-
. ger and Mrs. F. K. Hunt, a native of Ger-
many. a«ed SS years.
CyFuneral services will take place thla
day.. (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the resl-
- dence of her son. George Weniger, 745 York
street. Vallejo. Cal.
WILSON— In this city. May 21. 1901. Robert R..
' dearly beloved son of Robert M. and Olive
R. Wilson, and brother of Alice M. Wilson,
a native of San Francisco.
REAL ESTATE^CpUNTOY~FoF Sale
oT^£TlJM^S^5 r X^oTr^Montgo"in^ry' stn" . T
•Special bargain— 160 acres near^Yuba City,
Sutter Co., short distance from Marysville; all
under cultivation; all .'rich valley land; few
beautiful live I oak • trees; good buildings; well
watered and -.well fenced; this. land has .been
producing profitably and is ) especially adapted
to nearly, all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
lh whole or In part at a very low price.
Also 140 acres, all* under cultivation; -rich
valley, land; good -buildings; well fenced; short
distance from • Yuba 'City, , Sutter Co. ; will ¦ be
sold In whole or In part to suit purchaser and
at ah extremely, low price. ' "
The two above pieces should' be seen to be
appreciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for information' a bargain
will be given. " - R.' D.BROWNE,
... ,• ' • Manager. Country Department. "
67 ACRES near Alma; hoifse of 16 rooms; large
barn; plenty water; 15 acres in orchard, some
full bearing; $4000; terms to suit. . . ¦ -
37^ acres in 6-year-old • orchard ; $110 per
acre; 250 acres at $47 50 per acre, C. C SMITH,
630 - Market st.. Ban Francisco." » - ¦
MARION GRIFFIN, Real .Estate Agent, , 719
Market St., by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scrlblng farms for sale all over' this State.'
RANCHES — Fruit ranches,.: dairy " ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH' BAILIE, 759 Market.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
0FF1CE---1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. .
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. A ' - J'- ,'
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ] '
. ' , "•¦ ¦ '-' '"^ — ¦ - ' ¦ •
Auction! ' ' - *'5-*i : ¦
Auction! . ; • • ;
Auction! ...»
*¦ Auction!" * •
Auction! —
./ . Auction!
(¦¦•':¦ • ' Auction!
' Auction!
, Auction!'
Auction I
S A T U RD A Y', M A Y 2 5, 19 01.
S A T U R D A Y , M AY 2 5, 1901.
S A T U R D A Y , . M A Y\*"2 5,1 S'O 1 .
SATURDAY. ..MAY-; 28,. 19 0 1.
: At Salesroom, '• •
SOS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Bv Order of the ¦ |
Executors of the Elizabeth " Hutchison Estate, j
The following property, must be sold to close
the estate: , ' -. ; .
Business property on 14th st., between Wash-
ington and Clay; one of . the best - business
streets In Oakland; opposite the City Hall and i
the Hotel Touraine; lot 50x100, now. occupied
by the Sanborn Nursery; this is the only lot
in the business section of 14th. st that can be
had; all others are Improved.! .
Telegraph-ave.- building lots; four choice' lots '
fronting the avenue: 43 to 60 feet frontage, 140
feet In depth; the -finest location on the ave-
nue; Just north of 26th St.; easy walk to train;
electric cars pass the property. ¦*
On 26th st., near Telegraph ave. ; 6 . beauti-
ful building lots, 40x100 each; on the north
side of street: they get the sun all day; the
street work is all done; fine location; close to
town; ¦ between- two electric car lines. ¦
Piedmont: nearly two acres on Vernal ave..
at the end of^ the, car. line;. choicest residence
site lh Piedmont; overlooks Oakland, Alameda
and San Francisco; no winds; no fogs; climate
perfect; .308 feet on the avenue by 260 feet In
depth. . - , . . . -
Fronting Broadway, Birch* of 60th' St., Ver-
non or 61st st. and Diamond st. : 26 lots., as a
whole or in subdivisions; lota 25x150 . each.
Claremont lots, 18 In all,' fronting Claremont
ave., Hudson St., Hardy st. and First ave.;
fine chance to get them at your own price; In
subdivisions, j , ... . . - . •
Four acres on Pleasant Valley ave.," close to
the Piedmont electric line; very fine piece of
land and will surely double in value; adjoins
the property of the Realty Syndicate. ' - • # "
Arrangements have been made to secure 78%
Of the purchase price should loans be desired,
repayable In annual Installments, Interest pay-
able quarterly at the rate of "716% per annum.
, s . 2ZIHZ • "'-*'
TITLES ARE PERFECT.
Abstracts and certificates of title made by
the Stocker & Holland . Abstract Co. furnished
to date of. sale free of expense to purchasers.
. '*v " ' . .'..¦¦
Send for Catalogues. " "j
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway,. Oakland.. I
_____ 4. .- .
$15 PER MONTH. TOTAL ONLY $1000.
Cottage of 5 rooms; sunny side; handy to
6an Pablo ave. : walking distance of down
town; street and walks complete; snap for a
: home ' or Investment . ¦
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
• • • . . ¦•_;.- . ' 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE. FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. ,
CALIFORNIA, 1527—3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas; running water. . _ . ••. - .
EIGHTH. 34B— Fine sunny front alocove room
and kitchen, furnished for housekeeping; bath.
ELEVENTH, 120-:-2 sunny i rooms ; bath ' . arid
Btove; modern flat; $10. _ ' ,^ . ; . . ¦
FIFtH, 853— Furnished parlors, kitchen, with
. hath. $20; also two. $10,. and single, $4, $5 up.
FOLSOM, 830 — Parlor floor, or basement; fur-
nished for housekeeping; j also others.
HAIGHT. 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
¦ keeping rooms for >a- couple; telephone. : -,;-.-.-;
JONES, 303— Elegantly furnished sunny house-
' 'keeping | rooms, rent $35; • also # other i beautl-
' fully furnished rooms. -.'.¦. • . , ..... . .
LANGTON, 25G«£— 3 sunny, ' nicely "'furnished
rooms" for. housekeeping; private family..-.-, g
LARKIN, ; 804—2 sunny housekeeping , ; rooms,
$10; large sunny front and back room. $8, $10.
MINNA, 454—2 sunny . back rooms; furnished
¦¦• for -housekeeping; separate entrance. —
MISSION, 1125%— Suite, housekeeping ..• rooms,'
¦ $2 25: V )¦¦ ""..¦¦•.•.¦¦''•¦- '-••.'.•:'•-•-..'.
OCT AVI A, 1403/ corner " Geary— Large ' . sunny
room and kitchen; ; pantry; sink; gas stove;
$13. --•.- ' .-¦:¦' ¦•¦¦- •-.-.: - :.;¦..,'..
POLK, 605— Light housekeeping/ 2 clean sunny
".. parlors; ''piano; gas stove; running water. '¦-.
TWENTY-NINTH st. ; 2 front housekeeping
rooms ; gaa stove ; bath ; $8. Box 8155, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call, advertisements and
1 subscriptions., has. been established at .; 1096
Valencia st. .- . -.- , . : -. ..--
R(JOMS " TO LET— Fnra. and Unf urn.
Al?L^ORN~ifoTELV 321 GranT ave.— Best : $1 a
, day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
¦large rooms; 60c up; meals 25c; f res coach.- .
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, .148 Sixth-Rooms;
25c to $1 per night ; $1 25 to : $3 , per week, . and
•light housekeeping rooms; open all night-. ;¦
BURNETT, 1426 ," Market - (old No. ' 1364)— Fur-
- nlshed ' ran.. v suites,' single ; also ¦ anfurnlshed.
CLAY, ' 2421. "» near .' Fillmore— Upper ' flat V of !.'3
- choice sunny rooms, pantry,' storeroom, < $12. ; : -
CLIFFORD. . 204 ' ElUs, ' cor. "- Mason— Elegantly;
;- furnished tunny rooms ; ' prices ; reasonable: -..- ¦ .
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny st— i
Tel.JRed 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished."
$t^.WEEK,i also* one $1 10— Large -sunny • furn.
*: rooms ; .- closets ; ; bath ; ' private. '. 834 < Folsom. 'TWO FOOTLIGHT FAVORITES WHO PARTICIPATE '. IN THE REVIVAL
OF FRANCIS POWERS'. INTENSE LITTLE DRAMA, "THE FIRST
BORN," IWW ON THE BOARDS, AT THE ALCAZAR.
Resources— Bank Dremlsea, $906,551 65: real
estate taken for debt, $2,950,222 29; stocks and
bonds. J9.S59.S92 91; loans on real estate. $25,
243,26115: loans on stocks, - bonds and war
rants, $1,250,684 35; loans on other securities.
$349,273 95; loans on personal securities and
overdrafts, $1,566,488 41; money on hand, checks
and other cash items, $832,738 66; due from
banks and bankers, $3,855,230 89; other assets,
$334,398 85; total, $47,198,242 61. Liabilities-
Capital t>ald In coin, $3,764,505; reserve fund,
profit and loss an contingent fund, $1,643,722 59;
due depositors, $41,252,912 07; dividends unpaid
and other liabilities, $517,898 14;' total. $47,198.
242 51. These banks are also reported to have
gained In deposits since I>ecember 31, 1900, the
sum of $1,327,428 67.
Noticeable Increase in Deposits Since
the Beginning of the Pres
ent Year.
The Board of , Bank Commissioners
makes the following statement in regard
to the financial condition of. the forty-six
interior banks on April 20 of the current
year: . ' , . ; .
INTERIOR BANKS ABE IN
FLOURISHING CONDITION
; s Verus "'cures i Plies; or $50 reward: For
sale by all druggists. : ¦¦ .<¦ • ."
. The Luring Club^wiii: complete its pres
ent /series* of r concerts with ¦ a very Inter
esting musical- entertainment ; at Native
Sons'- Hall on .Tuesday,: eveninjr. Mav : 28.
Ed *! Moore, the n well-known f soloist, = will
make his v reappearance -.In , an attractive
role -~- The -programme also promises. "/a
number of other Interesting features.- :;v
Loring' Club "Concert.
' The strike . of 'the - Ship and Machine
Blacksmiths'; Union ' No." : 163, ; according to.
Secretary Clarki is commencing to assume
a very favorable aspect and the members
expect a speedy * adjustment of , the diffi
culties. Three shops have already been
unionized: and twenty-five men; have re
sumed their positions. ; There are now but
170 machine blacksmiths out of work. -
Blacksmiths | Hopeful.
For Gentlemen.
. This is " the' day we ¦ sell ' Bannister's Shoes
worth ' J5 . for- $1 35 the pair. '* Come and see_ us.
Busy Bee Shoe Co.. 1029 Market, above 6th. *
-" The Cigafmakers* Union at 'a -meeting
last . night s _ unanimously : indorsed . the
strike of the machinists sand other unions
affiliating with the Iron Trades Council.
The request of the San Francisco . Labor
Council for a weekly per capita assess
ment for the ; benefit - of unions now . on
strike was granted. A general assessment
of $2 per member. to be used for the bene
fit or alh affiliating unions. out -on strike
was levied. - -
Cigarmakers Aid Strikers.
; ¦ '. . For the Children.
I Just think of It, 1000 pair* | children's shoes,
tan or black,, for Wo a pair at, the -Busy Bee
Shoe Co., 1029 Market rt:,» above Sixth. •
The Austrian Military and Benevolent
Association is making great ; preparation
for the twenty-third annual excursion and
picnic, to be held at. ( Glenwood Park,
Santa Cruz • Mountains, - Sunday, June 16.
The affair promises to be an enjoyable
one and a 'good time is assured by the
following committee of arrangements: P.
Svetinich, P. '- Saulovich, • M. Sabadin, M.
Ranzuls, JV M. Russell. M. Perich, J. Tu
vato, T. Ziffra, C. Cristovlch, C. Micich;
Vlaho Burin and S. Ralclvlch. *"
Austrian Society Picnic.
The executive committee of the San
Francisco Labor Council are endeavoring
to ascertain the Identity of some unknown
individual who . has. been. sending fraudu
lent advertisements to the daily papers, to
which the signature of Organizer Jeffer
son D. Pierce was • forged, calling for a
meeting of policemen to Join the "police
men's union." The Labor - Council had
nothing to do with the meeting and is not
engaged in forming or promoting the
formation of a union of policemen. An
advertisement of this nature was received
and published by The Call, it having every
appearance of genuineness. The same ad
vertisement was also published in other
San Francisco newspapers, It seeming to
be regular.; • . . •
Forged "Pierce's Name.
Situation in Oakland.
OAKEAND,- May 21.— The machinists'
strike situation in Oakland is unchanged
to-day. Each side Is awaiting such moves
as may- be made in San Francisco, the
results - here practically depending upon
action across the bay. The molders and
coremakers were at -work to-day in the
shops, -and cannot strike unless orders
come from the Eastern headquarters. Un
ion pickets have been placed on duty at
the works affected. \ There will be no
places filled at the various works for, the
present at least. The employers are hope
ful that. a compromise may be reached,
although there is every indication that the
molders will Join the machinists. In that
event the several works will be compelled
to shut down. *V-
All houses who sign an agreement to
patronize only manufacturers who abide
by the rules of the association will be
furnished with union cards, which they
will be requested to display in a conspicu
ous place. The officers of the association
consist of I* ..Van Laak of the "Van Laak
Manufacturing Company, president, and
J. P. Henry of the California Broom Man
ufacturing Company, secretary and treas
urer. The companies comprising the asso
ciation are the Van 'Laak Manufacturing
Company, the California Broom Manufac
turing Company, Taylor Bros, and Zan
Bros. & Co. /
The broom makers of this city held a
meeting last night at 201S Howard street
and permanently organized themselves
into ¦ a union under the name of the Cali
fornia Broom Manufacturers' Association
for protection against Chinese labor and
the prison labor of other States. By-laws
were adopted pledging the members of
the association not to deal with any mer
chant, wholesale or retail, who carried in
his stock goods not bearing the label of
the International Broom Makers' Union.
The broom makers were also bound not
to patronize or to employ Chinese 'under
any circumstances.
N"ot to Patronize or Employ
; Cbinese.>
BROOM-MAKERS ORGAHTZE
• FOR MUTUAL PROTECTION
Adopt By-Laws -Pledging Members
A. Alvis, who patronized the unfair res
taurant at 29 Fourth street, was fined $10,
and in default of its. payment he will
stand suspended.
The regular weekly meeting of the Bar
bers' Union was held -Monday night at
Laurel Hall, Shiels building, 102 O'FarreU
street. The attendance was, as usual,
good. Secretary Currier's report showed
a healthy financial condition of the union.
There is in the hands of the trustees $1000,
with more to be added from the proceeds
of the late picnic. ¦ The present member
ship has exceeded the 1000 mark/ with sev
eral applications in the hands of the in
vestigating committee to be acted upon.
No positive action Was taken regarding
the machinists' strike other than the pass
ing of a resolution of sympathy," but all
affiliated ;unions are given to understand
that the Barbers' Union will cheerfully
respond in aid' of those out on strike
should it be called upon to render assist
ance.
Meeting of Barbers' Union.
Olympic deities— Esther Heger, Maud Payne,
Bessie Gowan, Myrtle Lawson, Betty Herrln,
Luvie Butler, Minnie Hussey, Alice Herrin,
Hazel Montg-omery and Effa Bluhm. -
Mortals— Kate Herrin, Bertha Abrahamson,
Louise Stone and Vera Simpson.
Deities of sea and earth, nymphs, dryads and
fauns— Etelka Wllliar, . Hortens© Stelnhart.
Adeline Thornton. Mary "Wllcox, , Berinlce Wil
son, Pauline Stafford, Edna Bluhm.- Florence
Bailey. Elise Weldon, Will Heger, Esther
Heger, Mabel McClean, Myrtle Lawson, Marie
Brewer and Gladys Finch.
Those who will take part are:
Pleasing Entertainment' Prepared by
Girls of Hamlin School and
• Van Ness Seminary.
The Hamlin School and Van Ness Sem
inary have arranged to . give for their
annual class day entertainment a play en
titled "An Old Story ; Retold" at 1549 Jack
eon street to-morrow evening and Friday
afternoon in* behalf of the Boys' '/Club,
San Francisco Settlement Association.
The play was written and will be directed
by Miss Maud Taylor. The story is adapt
ed from the legend of the Trojan war and
the mythological . element will he one of
the leading features. In addition' to the
play a pleasing musical programme will
be rendered by Miss Grace M. Dickman,
Miss Constance Jordan, -Miss. Bessie Ko
eenbaum, -Miss Marie Weldon and- Miss
Alice McComas. /*" •.-¦¦¦¦
YOTJNG LADIES TO PLAY •
STORY OF TROJAN" WAS
est lift up the ladder 'of fame, and many
have said that "The First Born" without
May Buckley in the cast would fail tawin
popular approval. r -In the new cast, 1 how
ever, Lila Convere has leaped at once into
favor. She has Imbued the part with new
interest, - and. the pretty, ingenuous slave
girl becomes •charming and captivating
under'her clever, handling of the,charac
ter,. until one Is almost consoled for the
absence of the footlight favorite who cre
ated the part. ¦ ' ~ w ¦¦-':'
Howard Scott" Is forceful and effective
as Chan Wang, the wronged husband and
father of little Chan Toy, the first born.
The dignified ' Dr. Pow Len,\ in which
Barton. Hill is seen, remains in the new
cast a. most important figure among, the
unique characters of the little master
piece. • . • : i .
Charles Bryant is the one member of
the old company who remains to partici
pate in the revival. ', As Hop Kee, the
pipe-bowl mender, ' he was ; originally and
still is inimitable. . ¦ . .\^ •
A scene of saualor was presented In the
home of James Langrtry at 323 KItch street
when visited by Officers McMurray, Koe
gel and Orr last evening. In a filthy room
lay r : the parents, | stupifled =by \ liquor and
three children— the oldest of them 4 years
—hungry and almost naked. Nejdect had
brought disease to the unfortunate chil
dren and the oldest of them was sent to
the Receiving Hospital for treatment. 5?
-When .the policemen entered the place
they found a 4-year-old boy, Hick and
suffering. He was dressed in a pair '< of
overalls that had been discarded by the
father. A 3-year-old girl, wrapped up In
a sheet, cried in a corner, 'and the 4
months-old baby, with no other clothing
than a pillow slip about its little 'body,
was almost unconscious from. cold. <
The pleadings, of the babies for food and.
attention were 'unheeded by their parents,
both of whom were under the influence
of liciuor./ There was nothine eatable in
the house and the clothing was soiled.
Old raes scattered about the floor consti
tuted the beds on .which the little ones
slept: -r , ¦ ¦>:. ¦• ¦/¦: v '.:/ \ •. : ,-.- -. . ¦
Langtry, who is a longshoreman, and
his wife were placed -Tinder, arrest and
taken to the Central police station, where
they were charged with cruelty and reg
lect to children. The oldest boy was sent
to the Receiving Hospital • and . the two
younger children were placed in charge
of. the matron at the Hall of Justice.' . .
a Hovel.
Children Are Left to Starve in
| the Filthy Room of
James i Langtry %z and
¦ Wife - Prefer Drink
; To Their Babes.
GRUEL PARENTS
TAKEN TO JAIL
CHAN'S GRIEF FOR FIRST BORN
THRILLS THEATER-GOERS ANEW
¦ . ¦ . - .-¦¦ ;:::: ¦-.;-.¦> -¦¦.•.; ....... ¦'
Revival of Francis Powers' Gem of Tragedy Attracts
Large Audiences at the Alcazar.
STEADY GROWTH
OF COMPANIONS
Interesting Report of the
Grand Chief of the
Order.
Nine Circles "Were Instituted
and Two Suspended
Last Year.
The Rrand officers and delegates to the
Grand Circle of the Companions of the
Forest. A. O. F., went out on a trolley
ride yesterday morning and did not return
until late, consequently there was but a
short session in the afternoon.
A resolution was adopted granting to
social members who became - such prior
to May, 1S90, the right to funeral benefits
the same as beneficial members.
The grand organist was by. vote added
to the executive board. . " " »
A vote of thanks was passed to Max
Boehm past grand chief companion, for
many sen-ices rendered to the order. ¦
Grand Chief Mrs. M. E. Falconer In her.
report says: •_ :
It affords me much pleasure to report that
our order has done fairly well during the past
year. As a rule harmony has reipned through
out our Jurisdiction. As In my pervious term.
I have not hesitated to enforce "order and
decorum" whenever I deemed It necessary for
the best interests of our beloved order. In
three Instances I found it necessary to
use the "weedinsr out process" with exce.Ient
results, getting rid of an element among
whom "discord and strife" was omnipresent.
In Franklin Circle No. 115 one offending
member was brought before the board of final
arbitrators and by a. verdict of said board ex
pelled from this order. ¦ „ ' -
In Pride of the Forest Circle No. 122 I found
much discord and detailed a special deputy for
the circle, under whose guidance the circle
has become harmonious and prosperous.
In Loyal Circle No. 1T9 I found It necessary
to suspend the circle, reinstate the law-abiding
members and bring the offending ones to trial
before the final arbitrators, all of whom have
been duly expelled, and Loyal Circle is now
less Jn membership, but Infinitely ricner In
peace, hannony and fraternity.
With the exception of these Instances the
order is in thorough concord and hannony.
During the past year S69 candidates were
lr.Jtlated as members of this order. Nine new
circles were instituted and two were sus
pended, and 604 members were either suspended
or expelled, leaving a net gain of over 265
members and seven circles for the year ending
March SI. 1901: 125 members have been ini
tiated since that date, making a total gain
From the reports of the supreme secretary
3-cu will eee that the funds of our subordinate
circle e have increased in a satisfactory man
ner, and that our financial standing Improves
m each year rolls by. At our previous^ cession
the total funds ot our various circles amounted
to the sum of-rrS10 6S; at this time the total
funds amount to J896S 67, showing an increase
of J11R7 99 for the year.
Durlne the past term fourteen claims have
been paid from this fund. Its management
and benefits have given entire satisfaction
throughout the order and I see no necessity
for any change in its laws.
In the evening the grand officers, dele
gates and members of the order enjoyed
a night at the Central Theater.
To-day the election for grand officers
will take place.
EXPRESSMAN WOLF TO
LOSE HIS PROPERTY
Sis Horses and "Wagron Seized . for
Confiscation and Sale Under
the I/aw.
J. W. Wolf, the aped expressman who
was acquitted last Monday of the charge
of smuggling a trunk containing opium
into Mrs. Tapley's lodging-house. 217
Stockton street, is a victim of circum
stances and although undoubtedly inno
cent will be likely to lose his two-horse
team and wagon.
' His accuittal on the criminal charge
does not tret him out of his troubles, for.
under the provisions of the United States
statutes on the subject of smuggling,
United States District Attorney Wood
worth will be obliged to institute, civil
proceedings for the confiscation «->f the
team and wagon. The guilt or innocence
of the owner of the ship or other vehicle
in which smuggled goods are transported
is not material to the issue, the law pro
viding that such vehicles shall be seized
and sold for the benefit of the Govern
ment. While his horses and wagon are
in the custody of the Federal ofllcials
Wolf is deprived of his only means of
support. In ord*>r to relieve the old man's
necessity Mr. Woodworth has consented
to ask the Secretary of the Treasury to
allow Mr. Wolf to rive bonds and use
his team and wagon until the confiscation
proceedings shall have been ended.
YOTJNG REPUBLICANS
EFFECT ORGANIZATION
Executive " Committee of Leagrue of
Clubs Holds First Meeting and
Elects Officers.
The new executive committee of ths
Toung Men's Republican League met laEt
night in rooms 433 and 434 of the Parrott
building and effected organization. John
B. Carson was elected chairman and Theo
dore B. Ross secretary. The league ex
pects to take an active part in "the com
ing campaign.
The members of the new executive com
mittee, as appointed by Frank K. Spencer,
president of the league, are as follows:
Harold D. Mitchell, Edward T. Dudley,
Frank E. Cordes, Dr. Charles S. Holsman,
Edmond B. Aubrey^ Theodore B. Ross,
James E. Daly, Patrick J. Walsh, John B.
Carson, William H. Phelps, Frederick W.
Krone Jr., Homer C. Warren, George H.
Pettis. William H. Chapman, William W.
Whan. Franklin K. Spencer, F. W. Hub
bard, W. S. Webster and W. H. Robinson.
THE SAN FBANCISGO CALL^V WED3STBS^^Y, MAY 22, 190i:.
stated his belief that no heirs at law sur
vived^ him. Julius was either
mistaken ' or a small . army ', which now
claims relationship. to him is composed of
Impostors." '; . . '* :
• Yesterday was the last day In which,
under the; law, alleged heirs\ and claim
ants to a portion of decedent'3 . estate
could file their, appearance in- court. In
conseQuence "¦ about, forty-five , lawyers,
each representing from . one to seventy
five claimants, appeared In Judge Troutt's
court and filed appearance. -,. • *
"W.. H. Alford. Assistant restrict Attor
ney, i presented the most formidable ap
pearance of all the lawyers. He was.en
gaged - over a" year " ago to represent five
alleged heirs of the deceased. Since his
appointment Alford' s: original clients have
all died, • each leaving ; fifteen heirs.' : In
consequence Alford now (represents all of
the' heirs of his original alleged heirs of
the late Julius Friedman. '
Though Friedman died practically alons
in the Palace . Hotel in this city and for
years had. believed himself so much alone
that ¦ he willed most of his ; %5O0J30Q estate
to charity,' there i have now come forward
claimants from every quarter of .the globe.
Among the attorneys who filed appearance
In behalf of various alleged heirs are: Ex-
Judge , William Rr r>aingerfl.eld,> ex- Judge
Edward A. Belcher, Naphtaly; Friedenrich
& Ackerman; Rosenthal & Wise, Hough
ton & I Houghton, ¦ Joseph . Rothschild. H.
G. W. Dinkelspiel," Henry A. Jacobs,-Mey
er Jacobs ,F. J. Castelhun, T.~ E. Pawlickl
and Martin Stevens. . , . ;
.Wallace ; A, Wise, who -represents the
beneficiaries .under,, the . will of the- de
ceased, intends '-.- to join all ¦• the k alleged
heirs • in •. a ; complaint to quiet = title to . the
Friedman estate.*. This will bring the mat
ter. to an ¦ issue; ; thou gh • it 4 may be ..years
before, the estate Is finally settled and the
, decree of distribution filed. v • . ..''-" . ' .- ,' ' -s ¦
¦ " !'..!' ' '/¦¦ :¦ ;.';¦¦¦ ¦' ¦ -1 ¦-¦'¦-' - ': ¦ v ¦ .' " ;
FRIEDMAN" ESTATE "SESJSLff'
: . APPEAR BY THE HUNDRED
Small Army or Alleged Relatives of
the Deceased Present Their,
, Claims.
. In his last will. the late Julius Friedman
Second race — Butchers' trotting: and pacing
(wholesalers and Jobbers), Monroe Schweitzer,
Hermia; Herbeft Levy, Eclipse; A. Clayburgh,
Lazy Charlie; A. Sllverbergr.. Billy L,;' A. De
courtleux, Algregor; Mose Hart,. . •
i . Second . heat butchers' trotting and pacing
(retailers). Second heat trotting' and pacing
: (wholesalers and Jobbers). , .
¦ ' Third race,' Blx furlongs— 2385, '¦Judge Shrop
shire,: 112; 2470, Senator. Matts, 112; 2447, Sweet
Voice, 106; 23S0, Illusion, 105;' 2416, Debltlck.
105; 2314. Louise Hooker, 110; 24S5, Triple Cross,
105, 2422. Yodel, 105; 2332, Cavanaugh. 107.
Fourth race, free for all trotting and pacing
—Monroe Schweitzer, .Hermia; William Van
i Keuren, - Mattle B; H. H.- Dunlap, King Ca
denza; C. E. Parks, Imp; Simpson & Co.,
Fltz.Lee; Powell & Combs, Orilla J; D. Rob
erts, Algregor. ...
¦ Fifth race, on» mile— 2481. ' Boardman. 118;
'2438, Whaleback, 118;. 2392, Sam Dannenbaum.
: 1H; 2471. Rapldo, 118; 2481, Begonia V, 116; 2050,
I Blsquoc, 114. , ...
' - Sixth race,' free for all, .trotting and pacing,
two-mile dash— Loulo . Werner, Goldle; William.
Van Keuren, Mattie.'B; -J. Meads, Localeer;
"William Tobln, Kitty W; H. H. Dunlap, King
Cadenza; C. E. Parks, Imp; Powell & Combs,
Orllla J. . '
• Seventh 'race. »teer, running, one-eighth ot
a mile— Edward O'Day, Wild Bill; H. Danz,
Splltear Sal; T. Harrington. Bosco; James Mc-
Dermott, Dick. ; ¦.- .
-Eighth race, vaquero, running, one-quarter
of • mile— Charles Ford, Ho- Ho; Edward
O'Da>V Silver Dick; J. Flaherty, Galloping
Dick; H. Danz, John Brown: J. O. Sanchez,
Mllbrae; •William Harney.-Crickett. '
Ninth race, six furlongs— (2471), Morlnga, 114;
2479, Rlnaldo. 114: 3473. Duckoy. 112; 2478, Fla
mero, 112; 2425. Tenrtca. 114; 2453, Rainier, 114.
Tenth race, five furlongs— 2373, Simon D, 117;
.2470, Swiftwater.- 112; 2470, . Llndo, 114; 2458,
Hilary, 114: 1998, Beau Ormonde, 120: 2471, Ga
lene. 112; 2465, Aurora B. , 115 ; 2481, Boardman.
117: El Puerto, 114.
Eleventh I race, one mile— 2487, ! Faunette, 113 ;
2458,-' Charles le 'Bel. 115; 2465. David 8, 105;
2435. ) Honor Bright, 113; 2435. William F. 115.
First . race — Butchers' trotting and « pacing
(retailers), Frank Merrill, Bonnie B; R. Con
sanl Jack; G. Tassle, Headlight; A. Giovan
netti. Bell; B. Combs, Anita; J. Kowlan,
George Star. — . ..
The full programme is as follows:
i The runners will ba dispatched by F. E.
Mulholland, while William Fieldwick will
handle the harness and mixed events.
John Dinue will preside in the stand.
The • knights of the cleaver ¦will hold
full . possession . of Shell Mound Park arid
Emeryville racetrack -to-day.' Dancing
and games will be indulged in at the park,
and through the courtesy of the California
Jockey Club, which has kindly loaned its
course for the occasion, a- great; pro-,
gramme cf harness and running 6vents
will be run off, "all under the supervision
of the Butchers' Board of Trade. •
ville Track. .;
Horse-Racing at Emery-
Dancing and Games at the Park and
BUTCHERS WILL PICNIC -
. * AT SHELL MOUND PARK
"r-^r AN FRANCISCO theater g-oers feel
¦ (C^T a peculiar loyalty^to the intense
little drama "The First Born,"
and Its revival at the Alcazar
arouses an 1 interest that the pres
ence of strongr bills at the other play
houses cannot dissipate. The little O'Far
rell street theater was crowded Monday
night at the first presentation under the
play's reproduction, in spite of the rain;
and again last night the large attendance
was prophetic of a long run. possibly
rivaling that of the famous first produc
tion, which Is still one of the most pleas
ant memories of local theatrical history.
May Buckley's artistic interpretation of
the character of the slave girl, Loey
Tsing:, gave that clever actress her great-
12
' pnili? SPECIAL
BARGAINS.
7-f 2500 YARDS FANCY
; TAFFETA SILKS, in
PW Pf >^ polka dots f % ODenwork,
d i^^ 1^ striDes, warp print ef-
% : %JF Vr i fects, witfi satin ciiecks
Yark and braided j effectsj
regular value $1.25,.
I ¦;.-£. land' $1-50 Barfl.
7 f. 25 PIECES EXTRA
£%fZ*s*± QUALITY TAFFETA
§Tb£%i SILK, 51 inclies wide,
V %Jr W " in checks and -stPlDBSs .
Yard. Good value for $1.00 •
i 20 PIECES BLACK.
SILK^ AND WOOL- FIG-
,**+ s\f\ DRED POPLIN, good
liT 1 1 II I yarletu of small and
frlw 1 • medium designs; en-
N 7 * tirelu new fairic for
Yard. ; summer wear; width
of goods 40 inches; reg-
.ular value $1.50 uard.
' . / : •¦•;-¦ ' f 18 PIECES STRIPED
CHEVIOTS, for tallop-
sKri r\r\ madesultSi 54 Inches
I I if I in widtl1 ' TneSB are
irrt I a XJX/ ¦ new goods, dark, mixed
M^ M * . color- effects, with
Yard. small hairline stripes
, in assorted colors] good
value for $1.50 yard. t
See Our Window Display of Above Goods.
111, 113, 115., 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
'Phone Howard 102L-
in fz£j %1 ESk
PI Rimg mM A {£¦& |k iBp^y Jm
119 TAYLOR STREET.
CASH QUOTATIONS.
U1RI Very best Eastern: pound.. ||7 A
HA Ml All brands to select from. || C G
ll " m MUd. sweet, tender. Thurs- "» w
day.
WASHING SODA: 100 pounds. 90c
PIHEAPPLE-g»sw?fflg I5c
Exquisite flavor. Sliced or cubes. Tea
limit. Worth 25c.
15c R. & R. PLUM PUDDING, 10c-
finCCCC J > va an<J Mocha; very nr.
blihhtt best^pound . .._...„.. 25C
highest price; usual. 35c.
JAVA AND MOCHA: broken: 20c
nyrrpr Cal. full cream: pound.. Ifl-
uHttdt Wilson's finest made; |Ufi
UHL.UUL. mUd . 15c el5 , ewhere IUU
HOLLAND GIN: large bottle, 60c-
BUTTER SSr. 6 *^ 1 ":. .1^290
uu I i uu prlce win a^vanc^ But . tUU
ter racked at this price.
CHOW CHOW. ¦10c. 15c and 20c-
Oil 111 fill Pure extra refined; fit n
SALAD OILsK-ga-iaMaC
sweet. Regular. 25c.
O. K. WHISKEY; one-half gallon. 81.25
JESSE MOORE
SHOE WHISKEY: quart size aHC
.tuber's price. Reliable brands. ******
SWEET PICKLES; quart, 20c
CAKES Jasa^rs:..^ He
vni%v.u Ajnerican Biscuit Com- IIU
pany's best. . ¦; * •-
BEST EGGS ALWAYS SPECIAL.
WE SHIP GOODS EVERYWHERE.
fkJSs ?r£a m Ml^I
| DR PIERCES
GOLDESI '
MEDICAL •,
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS.
DR.MCNULTY:
THIS WELL-KXOWS AND RKLXABLE OLD
Specialist cure* Blood Poison, Oonorrbcea.Gleet,
Stricturr, seminal Weafcnesi, Impotence and tbeif
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases ot Men, frea.
OverMyears'exper'ence. Terms reasonable. Hours,
9to3dally;6:30tod.30ev'gs. Sundars.lOto 12. Consnl-
tatlon freeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. RO8COE MeA'Cl/TY, M.D.
ZGH Iiearny «t,, Sao Frnnci*cn. CeJ-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEABNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. European plan. . Rooms. 50c to $1 60 day;
S3 to J8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; Bre grates In every
room: elevator runs all nlcht.
1A/. T. HESa
\ H0TART PTOLIO AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW. ;
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckela Bide
Uai^yHTB&fv Telephone Brown 93L
Besldence. 821 California at., below Fow*)k
San Francisco, -j
|S5ocQiialitv|
yA outweighs price in the La- 6
Sf dies' Chocolate Vici Ox- I
Ul fords we are now offering \
yf, for only I
6 ct 90 thc I
They are well made,
/JV beautif oily shaped, have •
# J welted soles, military heels, ;
( X twtty style 'of toe,' and*
iK cannot be dup'icated for.
g£ tKc money. in al the" West, ft
• 1 Sizes from 3 to 7}£, widths j
Cf AtoE. '7: J
,%/ ., ¦<i£The supreme culmina- J
'"''gft tion of man's genius in the 1
.\} production of * fcotwzar 1
•\ that embodies \ all the {
0j requisites of comfort, style I
fj\ and healthfulness is real- 1
%j ized in . I
g Piiigree's Gloria, 1
*Ythe shoe 'decreed by "swell I
•y society as , the proper foot- /
n± for women. I
*l $3 50 th ? (
V| Send postal for. Spring Catalogue. |
DHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10THil>D;ST^5ANM^CPl
in preparing appetising . and
wholesome food is lightened by
this famous Baking powder*
a'ph Light Biscuit
Dckciotts Cake
Dainty Pastries
8 Fine Iriiudiiig'S
Absolutely pure* It adids
healthful qualities to the food*
ROYAL
fFhc " Royal Baker and Pastry Cook " . ' There are cheap baking powders, made from
— most practical and valuable of alum, but they are .exceedingly harmful', to v
cook books — free to every patron. health. Their astringent and 'cauterizing, >-
Send full address . by postal card. qualities add a dangerous element to food-