VOLUME XC— NO. 176.
CHINESE EXCLUSION CONVENTION
COMES TO A MOST BRILLIANT CLOSE
LOVES THE GOLDEN STATE.
IF to* think that this delegation is going back: *n Washing
ton to meet a Waterloo you do not know the delegation. Why,
every mother and every daughter of California is involved In
this battle. And do you thick that such men as we are,
knowing that this conflict Is for the mothers and daughters and
the children of California, will ever give up this battle? Trie*
of "\o. no/*) I say to you, men, I know what honorable impulses
brought yon here, and if there is any man who has come to this
convention with anything in bin heart but a love for California
let him "go *way back and tilt down." I will tell you how I feel
abont this. If I knew that my resignation would bring about the
passage of this bill I would write the telegram on this denk and
send It to the Governor thin minute In order to make California
free from this possible enme. And tlint In how I love her.
(Ckeert.)— Excerpt from speech by Congressman Woods at Chinese
Exclusion Convention.
STRONG SPEECHES
TO THE DELEGATES
Sentiments Favoring Protection to
American Labor Are Wildly
Cheered.
THE Chinese Exclusion Convention
completed its labor? yesterday
after the adoption of one <>f the
most important as well as vipor
ous memorials on the Chinese
question ever addressed to the
President and Congress of the United
Elates. The attitude of the people of Cal
ifornia and of the entire Pacific Coast to
ward the problem of unrestricted immi
gration of Asiatics to these shores as rep
resented in the convention was distinctly
outlined, and its language cannot fail to
he understood in the East as being the
Fpontaneous outburst of a united people
n the imposition upon them i f a
grievous wrong.
The delegates gathered in force yester
day morning and listened with enthusi
asm to many speakers. Only one theme
was discuss-ei, only one idea advanced,
namely, unalterable resistance to the pro
ject of unrestricted Chinese immigration
to America. Tie danger of a Mongolian
invasion In the event of the refusal of
. :ess to re-enact the exclusion law
wae pointed out in forceful language by
all the speakers. The delegates choc-reel
heartily at every patriotic sentiment
voiced by the orators, and particularly
when the necessity o* protecting Ameri
can labor against foreign competition was
urged. The members of the convention
.6howed by their zeal t^at they were in
accord with the speakers, whose senti
ments they cordially indo-f>ed.
The report of the comir.ittee on perma
nent organization was tae first matter
to engage the attention of the delegates
et the morning session. The recommen
dation that the temporary officers be
made permanent was adopted amid
cheers. It was expected that the memo
l rial committee would be abl* to file its
report, but the announcement by Chair
man Geary that further time was re-
Quired by the cotimittee resulted in the
desired action beltg taken. There being
sm> definite bufiinesi before the convention,
The San Francisco Call.
speechmaking was indulged in. Assistant
Tnii^rj States District Attorney Duncan
E. McKinlay was introduced by the chair,
and that gentleman delivered an able ad
dress in which he reviewed the Chinese
question from the standpoint of the Dis
trict Attorney's office. The legal aspects
of the issue were capably presented, the
peakcr's remarks at times evoking
hearty applause. So favorably did he im
press his hearers that at the close of his
speech he was honored by a Tote of
thanks for his brilliant oratorical effort.
The Rev. Dr. William Rader followed
with a witty address, in which he re
viewed the Chinese question from the
standpoint of morality and religion. His
allusions to the vices prevailing in San
Francisco's Chinatown, and of their ef
fect upon the whole community, were im
pressively advanced, and his remark that
the proper place in which to Christianize
the Chinese was in China and not in this
country, evoked cheers. The address
was replete with statistical information,
and it was listened to with profound in
terest by all present.
Congressman Woods carried away the
banner by a characteristic speech in
which he informed the convention "that
with its assistance all h— l couldn't beat
the exclusion law." Woods was in deep
earnest, and all his utterances were ac
companied by vigorous gestures and a
beating of the rostrum with a vigor that
threatened to convert it into kindling
wood. He assured the convention that
the California delegation in Congress
would never give up the exclusion fight,
and when he sought to close what he
termed his "razzle-dazzle" address, the
crowd yelled lustily for more. Woods
obliged the delegates further, and when
he concluded the delegates gave him three
hearty cheers.
The closing address of the morning ses
sion was by Mayor Snyder of Los An
geles. During the afternoon the repre
sentatives of various labor organizations
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
CONGRESSMAN WOODS ADDRESSING THE DELEGATES TO THE GREAT CHINESE EXCLUSION CONVENTION.
HIS FERVID REMARKS RAISED THE MEMBERS TO A HIGH PITCH OF ENTHUSIASM AND THEY
CHEERED HIM VOCIFEROUSLY THROUGHOUT HIS ABLE AND ELOQUENT SPEECH.
RE-ENACTMENT OF THE EXCLUSION
LAW IS DEMANDED BY CONVENTION
J yf / HERE AS , The Chinese exclusion act, known as the "Geary law," will expire by limitation
py May 24, 1902; and
Whereas, The treaty betzveen this country and China concerning the restriction of
immigration from the latter nation may, under its provisions, expire on March j, 1904; and
Whereas, The roils that produced the necessity for the enactment of the present exclusion lazy,
and the making of the present treaty with China, still exist in our midst, and dangers therefrom are
as imminent nozv as they were when the present barrriers zvere established; and
Whereas, Unless such barriers are maintained and vigorously guarded the invasion of
Chinese laborers, thereby checked, zvill expose our people to a renewal thereof, with all its influences
inimical to the interest of our zvage-earncrs and injurious to the general zvelfare; and
Whereas, The beneficial results flozving from the operation of the said act have met the expec
tations of the people in avoiding an increase of Chinese immigration and an aggravation of the many
ez'ils thereof, therefore be it
Resolved, By the Chinese Exclusion Convention of the State of California, composed of three
thousand delegates representing the State, county and city governments and industrial and civic or
ganisations in all parts of the State,
First — That we demand the continuance of existing treaties ziith China and the re-enactment
of the "Geary exclusion law" ,
Second — That we recommend that the California delegation in Congress act unitedly in the
presentation of the bill to accomplish the purpose hereinbefore set forth and use their utmost endeavor
to secure its immediate enactment into lazy.
delivered brief addresses. Dr. William
son, president of the Board of Health,
talked, of the Chinese curse in San
Francisco and frequently evoked ap
plause. Mr. Taylor of the State
Grange spoke in behalf ef the farmers
of California, and in a logical speech
showed the evil effects unrestricted im
migration of Chinese to California, would
exert upon rural pursuits in this State.
The main event of the afternoon session
was the reading and adoption of the me
morial to President Roosevelt and to
Congress. Prior to the filing of the re
port of the committee Supervisor Reed's
motion that a committee be appointed to
wait upon Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke
with the request that he address the coo
vention was carried, and Reed was de
tailed for the task. A motion to ad
journ just before Rev. Mr. Yorke's
arrival was voted down, and when
the clergyman appeared he was warmly
greeted. He spoke at some length, and at
the conclusion of his speech several mo
tions of more or less importance were
made and carried. The convention then
adjourned sine die.
FARMERS GIVE SUPPORT.
BIT, representative* of American labor liere assembled. I
think I can say to yon that yon will find yon have a firm
friend and supporter In the American farmer on this Issue,
and when the American farmer thoroughly understands
this subject yon need not fear the result. The American farmer
Is no fool. He knows that his best and greatest market Is the
home market, and he knows also that his best customer and his
best friend Is the well-paid, well-housed, well-clothed and well
fed American working-man. The refore, worktngmen of California,
let your voice be heard on this snbject with no uncertain sonnd,
and I feel assured that the farmers of this State and nation will
rnlly to yonr standard and carry It, like onr boys In the late
Spanish wnr did theirs, to complete and glorious victory.— Ex
cept from speech delivered to Chinese Exclusion Convention by
J. S. Taylor of Napa.
MORAL AND LEGAL
POINTS OUTLINED
Convention Adopts Resolutions and
Acts on Reports of the
Committees.
UPON the reconvening of tie
Chinese Exclusion Convention
in Metropolitan Temple yester
day morning. Chairman Geary
called for the report of t.ie
committee on permanent or
ganization and order of business. Secra
tary Mason read tho following report,
which was greeted with hearty applause:
Mr. Chairman: Your committee on permanent
,organization and order of business respectfully
submits the following report:
First— We recommend that the temporary
chairman, Hon. Thomas J. Geary, be continued
as the permanent chairman of this convention.
Second— We recommend that the following
named gentlemen be selected by this convention
to act as vice chairmen thereof, namely: James
1. Barry. C. A. Stark?. H. Rodgers."
Third— We recommend that H. A. Mason, the
temporary secretary of this convention be con
tinued as the permanent secretary thereof, with
the following named assistants: Charles Shae
fer. T. F. Esan and C. D. Rogers.
Fourth— That the committee consisting of five
members at large and three members from each
Congre«slonal District in this State, heretofore
appointed by the chair as a committee on mem
orial and resolutions, with the chairman of this
convention added thereto, with power to In
crease their number if in their Judgment they
should deem the same necessary, be continued
a permanent committee to take such action as
in their Judgment may be necessary *o aid in
the passage of a Chinese exclusion act.
And upon the order of business we recommend
to this convention the following:
First— The report of the committee on memo
rial and resolutions.
Second— Addresses by invited speakers.
i Third— Adjournment. f
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Louis Wallenctein moved that the re
port as read be adopted and concurred in
by the convention. This was done. As the
committee on resolutions and memorials
was not ready to report, upon motion oy
Delegate Johnston of Napa its member 3
were granted further time.
LEGAL ASPECTS OF
THE CHUTESE QUESTION
Brilliant Address by Assistant United
States District Attorney Duncan
E. McXinlay.
D. E. ITcKinlay, Assistant United
States Attorney for the District of Cali
fornia, was introduced to the convention
and delivered a stirring and forcible ad
dress. He enlightened the delegates on
the scope of the Geary act. He had many
wise suggestions, and his remarks were
listened to with deep "interest. In pa-t
he said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: I apprehend that the invitation extended
by the managers of this convention, to tho
United States Attorney's office to participate
In these proceedings arose from a desire on
the part of the managers to place before the
convention the data and the information
which that office could furnish concerning: the
practical operation of the Chinese exclusion
law.
As to the desirability of the re-enactlon of
the Chinese exclusion laws there can be no
que3tion.
This great convention — composed of delegates
from every part of our commonwealth of Cali
fornia— delegates representing every firm of
Continued on Page Twow2
WHOLE STATE FIRM FOR EXCLUSION
CHARACTERISTIC POSES OF SOME OF THE SPEAKERS WHO ENTERTAINED THE CHINESE EXCLUSION CONVENTION YESTERDAY.
Closing Scenes
Are Marked by
Fervor.
Continued From Page One.
Industry, every profession, trade and business
this convention itself, I say, voices in most
eloquent terms the unanimity of sentiment
which prevails throughout all our State,
among every class of our citizens concerning
the absolute necessity for the re-enactment of
«aws which shall exclude In the future, even
mere effectively than they have excluded in
the past, Chinese and other Asiatic people from
our State and nation.
I need not expiatiate upon the evils of
Asiatic immigration to our shore*. All who
have eyes may see the blighted corrupting in
fluence which the Orientals have had on our
business Interests and our commerce; how they
have degraded our labor— for American labor
can never compete IB the same market with
Asiatic labor and maintain for one moment its
dignity and self respect; how the presence of
Orientals in our city and State, with their de
graded habits and practices, has poisoned the
pure springs of morality and religion, and cor
rupted by Its evil Influence all our social life.
All these subjects will be dwelt upon by
eloquent, earnest, thoughtful speakers, and as
a result of the work of this convention, a reso
lutions will be passed and measures will be
suggested which will be a sure guide to our
delegates in Congress concerning the form of
legislation demanded by the Pacific Coast for
the protection of its future.
Gentlemen, the United States District Attor
ney 1 office has had, in one sense of the word.
as n.ueh to do with the practical workings of
the Chinese exclusion laws as any other depart
ment of the Government, for since the -pas
sage of the law of May 6. 1882 (the first act < f
Congress excluding the C'.i:nese) every crack
end cranny of the lays have been probed by
skillful lawyers in the pay of the Chinese to
widen, if possible, the perjure so that a Chi
riTTUjTi might crawl through"; every link in the
chain which guarded us has been tested and
strained to the utmost In the hope that one
link would break; every point, every quibble
known to the law has been raised in our courts,
in behalf of the Chinese by the best legal tal
ent of California, to distort the plain intention
of Congress and find some means by which ex
clusion might be evaded. And on the United
States District Attorney's office. In all the
rears since IS$2 the duty has devolved of guard
ing In the United States courts the legal rights
of Americans.
The experience of that office, after its twenty
years of continual warfare against the persist
ent efforts of the Asiatics to enter despite the
exclusion laws, must be worth something to this
•on vent lon.
At this time it Is unnecessary to attempt to
•kplain the porvisions of the laws passed by
Congress for the exclusion of the Chinese.
Commencing with that of May 6, ISS2, each law
passed as time went on— that is. the law of
July 5. ISS4, of September 13, 1888, the supple
ment to the law of May 6, 18S2, passed October
I. 1668 the so-called Geary act of May 5. 1852.
and the act of November 3. 1893— drawn
more strictly and more in conformity with
Etrict exclusion principles than the one which
preceded It. The Geary act, or the law of May
6, 1882. continued in force and effect all laws
excluding Chinese upon the statute books at
that time, and in addition the principal provi
sion of the Geary law required the registration
of all Chinese in the country, whereby they
might be Identified as those who had a right
to be and remain in America under the former
laws.
The. Geary act continued in force the exclu
sion laws for ten years after its passage, so
that by the terms of this act all Chinese ex
clusion laws will expire on May 3, 1902. So the
question before us to-day is not what the old
law. was; what its merits or demerits were. Its
strength or its weakness, but what the new law
.«ball be. The purpose of this convention is to
consider - how a Tfew exclusion law 'may be
framed so as to avoid the weakness- and defects
of the old la we, and place upon the statute
books of the nation an absolute barrier against
Chinese and other Asiatic immigration.
Fortunately California is blessed at this time
with nine able, . honest and earnest Cottgress
men and -Senators, and one of whom is perfect
ly capable of framing a bill which will meet
all requirements of our necessities, but still it
will be a source of strength and power to- them
to know that the whole State is behind £hem
and with ¦ them— giving them encouragement in
the battle whose -brunt will fall upon them
-when they meet in Washington the coming
¦winter.
It is the opinion of the United States District
'Attorney's office that the provisions of the
Geary law should be substantially re-enacted in
the new measure. Of course ten years of the
operation of the Geary law have demonstrated
that improvements must be made; ten years of
¦effort on the part of the Chinese to break
through that law have shown that there are
places In it that must be 6trengahened, and
loopholes that must be closed. in order that a
perfect exclusion law shall be placed on the
books of the nation.
For instance, it is suggested that the Bureau
of Immigration of the Treasury Department
should be made the original Judge of the eligi
bility of Chinese persons and persons of Chi
nese descent to enter the United States, and
that such bureau be authorized to make all nec
essary regulations to enforce the administration
of such Jaws.
This, of course, would not affect the rights
of Chinese persons or persons of Chinese de
scent, claiming to have been born within the
United State*.
¦ An appeal from the decision of the Immi
gration or customs officer should be permitted
to the Secretary of the Treasury. The decision
of the immigration or customs officer should
be final, unless reversed by appeal to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
• If .this provision should become . a part of
th« new law, Its terms should be especially
clear and strong and unambiguous, for a great
question is now before the Federal court* of
. this city for a decision. It .is the . question
of the rights of Chinese in transit through the
country. Of late Chinese have been coming In
large numbers, en route to Mexico. Of course
tinder the laws as they are, the transporta
tion companies are required to take precau
tions to carry the Chinese persons en route
safely through, ana guard against their escape
y.hile in the United States, but once over the
Ifexican line all responsibility on the part
#f the transportation company ceases, and the
Chinaman at once leaves the train on Mexi
can soil, learns a little of our language and
«u«to»s, and some dark night, aided by white
jnen wbo are in the business of assisting Chi
nese to evade exclusion, he quietly slips across
the borders and become a good American
Chinaman.
The 'collector's of the ports of entry should
hare the power of ruling whether the Chinese
In transit are bona fide travelers en route, or
whether they are merely entering the United
States to cross to the nearest point In foreign
DUTY OF EVERY CITIZEN.
I REGARD it as the sacred duty of every American citizen to
discharge faithfully hi* political obligations to his country, a
country every foot of whose soil ha been consecrated to the
cause of liberty by the precious blood of a heroic people. It is
the duty of every American to see to it that the duplicity of Ori
ental corruptionlsts shall not defile public sentiment and that
the American people do not consent to legislation by the National
Congress that Trill permit the contamination of our soil by. an
influx of hordes of the lowest type of humanity. I say that it is
our duty as American citizens to fearlessly face this great prob
lem and to stamp out once and for all time this threatened dan
ger of unrestricted Chinese immigration. We are assembled here
to contribute to the preservation and elevation of a clear Ameri
can sentiment that trill bring the blush of shame to the faces of
all who advocate the opening of our doors to a flood of creatures
who believe in no government unless It 'be despotism.—
from speech by Mayor Snyder of Los Angeles.
territory, there to leave the railroad or ves
sel and return.
The point is this: If the Collector has rea
son to suspect that the real purpose of the
Chinaman is to ultimately work his way Into
the United States, he should be empowered to
refuse the landing in the first instance, and
his ruling should be final, unless the best of
evidence be given* to show the contrary. Of
course in this class of cases an appeal should
be given to the Secretary of the Treasury, but
pending the appeal the Chinaman should be
held without bonds.
This is an Important phase of the Chinese
problem. Mexico is becoming more quiet
along the border; the turbulent Indian tribes
are being well, controlled by both American
and Mexican Governments, and it Is now safe
lor the Chinese to use that route and .method
in reaching their desired goal, while it v.as
dangerous and difficult but Just a few years
ago.
It is reported on eood authority that a com
pany of Chinese merchants and Americans in
terested In the importation of Chinese has
been formed in San Francisco for the purpose
of establishing and building up a colony of
one million Chinese on the border of Mexico.
The principal business of that colony will be
to work Its members over the American bor
der.
Again: United States Commissioners should
be vested with plenary jurisdiction to deter
mine the status of Chinese persons or per
sons of Chinese descent within the United
States, or of having failed to register while
in the United States, as required by law.
The laws on this subject are. If not open to
question, at least debatable. 3
There are at least four or five enactments
which vest United States Commissioners with
jurisdiction to order the deportation of Chi
nese persons and persons of Chinese descent
found to be unlawfully within the United
States.
There is considerable question whether sec
tion 13 of ttie act of September 13, 1888. ever
became a law, and it is under that section
that United States Commissioners as a rule
proceeed originally with reference to dtpor
tation proceedings, and that an appeal by the
Chinese persons is allowed to i the United
States District Court.
Certain verbiage used in section 6 of the act
of May 6. 1892, as amended by the act of No
vember 3, 1893, would afford some ground for
the argument that the status of Chinese per
sons charged with being unlawfully within the
United States, by reason of their failure to
register, should be tried originally and ex
clusively by a United States Judge, meaning
thereby a Judge or a United States court.
The tendency of the courts has been to give
the United States Commissioner full and ple
nary Jurisdiction of all cases relating to the
unlawful status of Chinese persons and persons
of Chinese descent, irrespective of whether that
unlawful status was brought about by an orig
inal and unlawful entry into the United States
or the original entry being unlawful was after
ward rendered unlawful by failure to register,
as required by law.
Therefore there should be In the new Chinese
exclusion law a particular enactment giving
United States commissioners full and unques
tioned Jurisdiction In determining the status
of all Chinese persons and persons of Chinese
descent within the United States. :
Furthermore, a very necessary amendment to
the law would be that granting an appeal iby
the United States. As the. law stands at pres
ent the Chinese person only is allowed an ap
peal. The United States has no remedy by
appeal. ' ¦
The new law should further provide that with
reference to habeas corpus proceedings no bail
should be allowed. This Is a very salutary
provision. It tends to expedite i the action of
persons suing out writs of habeas corpus,
otherwise, as It has occurred In the past, the
Chinese will sue out writs of habeas corpus
and obtain protracted delays; meanwhile earn
ing a livelihood In the country. , ** .*
It is alto suggested that a new registration
of all Chinese i persons or persons of Chinese
descent within the United States should be
provided for. • ¦ . .• , .
Since the last registration law of May 5,
18?2. as amended by that of November 8, 1898,
under which the period of registration expired
on May 4. 1894. now nearly seven years ago. a
great many Chinese have, by eluding the vig
ilance of officers, fraudulently and unlawfully
entered the confines of the United States and
are now within the country as laborers.
And again. The penal laws relating to the
enforcement of the Chinese exclusion and re
striction acts should be somewhat reformed and
rendered more effective. • *.; .;•; ¦ - ¦ ¦¦
For instance it is made an offense to aid and
abet the landing of Chinese. The courts have
held, under the peculiar phraseology ¦ of the
present law. that unless the landing of a
Chinaman be successful the offense is not con
summated. The law should be emended so
that an attempt to aid or abet the landing of
Chinese persons, whether successful or not
should be made an offense.
The laws with reference to the taking of
oaths and authorizing customs officers and
others to. administer oaths should be Improved
upon so that prosecutions for perjury might be
had.
Some suggestion has also been made that a
Chinese laborer should be permitted to bring
over his wife. - This is an exceeding em
barrassing question, for the reason that It
would be made the means of a treat deal of
fraud; that Is. under the guise of bringing
women over as wives many women would be
brought over for Immoral purposes. '-¦¦:¦". ¦• 
- The statute alrected toward the deportation
of Chinese persons and persons of Chinese
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
descent (not citizens of the United States)
who have been convicted of crimes, should be
so amended as to Include those who are here
after convicted of a folony, as well as those
who have been previously convicted thereof
Ab the law at present stands only those who
are convicted of a felony by the act of May
5, 1592. could be deported.
In habeas corpus proceedings, where the Chi
nese persons claim to have been born in the
United States, the widest discretion should be
given the Judge or Commissioner In his rul
ings on the credibility of witnesses and the
admission of the evdence.
To Illustrate this: Take the proceedings in
the Commissioner' 8 Court almost any morning.
A Chinaman is before the Commissioner on a
Tvrit of habeas corpus; his attorney claims
that he was born in the United States; the
Chinaman does not claim it; he doesn't know
enough about our lansuage or customs to
claim anything; but, nevertheless, there are
a number of Chinese who can be found who
will testify that they knew the applicant's
father and mother twenty or twenty-five years
ago; that applicant waF born at 710 Dupont
street, on the third floor, in room No. 13;
that when the boy was 2 years old he was taken
to China by his mother to be educated; that
he has lived in China ever since that time
that now his mother is dead and his father
Is dead and he wants to come back to his
native America to take care of the business
of his old uncle or cousin— and the uncle or
cousin is there to swear to it.
So common is this story, «so well Is It learned
and so carefully is It presented In evidence In
the courts, that one of the Federal Judges es
timated that if the story were true every Chi
nese woman who was in the United States
twenty-five years ago must have had at leabt
500 children.
Therefore the new law should give the United
States Commissioners the widest range in ad
mitting Chinese testimony. The newspapers of
this city have paid a great deal of attention
to the question of slavery, and the public have
come to know through the efforts of the press
that here in this free land, in the city of Sin
Francisco, under the very shadow of the flafc
that is the hope, the inspiration and the glory
of all who love liberty and rejoice in freedom,
human chattels are bought and sold, bartered
and exchanged— yes, in the very market place
And there is no Federal law on the statute
books to reach and remedy this evil ; and so the
new Chinese exclusion law must be framed to
wipe out the last vestige of slavery on Ameri
can soil.
To learn this may astonish many, but It is
a fact nevertheless. At present there Is no
law relating to the question of slavery, unless
it relates to negroes, mulattoes or foreigners
therefore, with reference to Chinese slave girls
who claim to have been born in the United
States, thfere is no penal statute by which
their owners can be prosecuted. All that can
be ddne in attempting to break up the Invol
untary servitude of Chinese girls held for im
moral purposes Is to arreßt the unfortunates
on the charge that they are unlawfully In the
United States and deport them should they
fail to establish their right to be here; but
if they establish their American nativity there
is no Federal statute which will compel their
owner to release them. This phase of the Chi
nese problem requires the careful attention of
our lawmakers when they are considering the
new exclusion act.
In conclusion I wish to say again that we
can Justly feel every confidence in the states
manship and honesty and ability of our Con
gressional delegation. They will frame the new
exclusion law and frame It, I am sure as
wisely as human wisdom can. But this con
vention can voice the heartfelt prayer of all
California tl-at the East may Join with the
West and In the coming session of Congress
aid us in passing a Just and wise measure that
shall guard and protect from the blight
ing curse of Asiatic immigration America's
labor and industry, her commerce her trade
her homes, her children and her future
EFFECT OF IMMIGRATION
UPON THE PUBLIC MORALS
Key. William Eader Entertainingly
Discusses the Absorbing
Chinese Problem.
Rev. William Rader, pastor of the Third
Congregational Church, was the next
epeaker. He dwelt upon the effects of
Chinese immigration on public morals.
The address was witty and forceful. It
follows:
It may appear to our fellow citizens in the
East that the people of California are violat
ing their sacred faith in the brotherhood of
man by resisting the immigration of Chinese.
Standing as the nation has so many years
for the brotherhood of man, inviting the
alien races of the earth to seek shelter and
refuge under our flag, it may be asked if we
in the West are turning the hands back en
the face of our national policy and repudiat
ing the Burllnghame treaty of 1868, confessing
that we are not equal to the task of chris
tianizing the races of the world.
W e are not opposing immigration because we
do not like the Chinese. Indeed, many of us
Stops the Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Broroo
Quinine Tablets cure a cold " in oue day. No
Cure, No Pay. Price 25 cents. •
D- legates Aim to
Continue War
fare.
have become attached to this picturesque Ori
ental on our streets and in our kitchens, who,
like Tennyson's Maud, 1b "icily regular, splen
didly null." It Is not a question of reilg
lcn. Our country is free to faith, provided
faith be true to freedom and republican Insti
tutions. Neither is it a question of human
rights. Immigration is not a right, but a
privilege. The enjoyment of American liberty
Is not a right, but a privilege, conditioned by
the capacity to exercise such a prerogative. It
Is quite within the power of the state to regu
late such national privileges. This has been
the policy of European governments for hun
dreds of years. It is the prerogative and pol
icy of the United States, to be exercised not
only in accordance with International good
will, but in defense of national well being, in
protection of commerce, the workingmen and
national morality.
This, then, is a question of method, as to
how the industrial and social Integrity of the
republic may be served and maintained. This
great convention meets in the name of Ameri
can patriotism, and not« with one word of
race prejudice. The Issue is that of American
civilization as against the venerable paganism
of China, with the hope that the one may be
protected, that the other, In the progress of
light and liberty may ultimately be destroyed
and become civilized.
Three main arguments are used to support
Chinese exclusion. The arguments of Indus
try, of political economy and of morality. I
have been asked to speak upon the last.
Through our gates have come the down-trod
den, the Italian, and the Swede, the German
and the Pane and all ¦nationalities. "We have
bled and died for the blacks. Here in San
Francisco we are not by any means morally
perfect. We have troubles of our own. Whlta
vice is as evil as yellow vice, and it is because
of this that we see danger in unlimited Immi
gration. Humiliating as It may seem Chris
tian America is not equal to t>agan China.
San Francisco is not equal to Chinese immor
ality. Is Boston or New York or Chicago equal
to the task of assimilating Chinese populations'
with American standards? Says a Chinese pro
verb, "The light of heaven cannot Bhlne into
an inverted bowl." The Chinese in the United
States are an inverted bowl. Henry "Ward
Bcecher said, "When the lion eats the ox, the
ox becomes the lion; not the lion, ox." It has
been well said In reply that if there be too
much ox, or if he be poisoned, ye have a dead
lion as a result.
China Is the ox. America Is the lion. As
well might a mouse try to digest an elephant
as America to digest China. There is too
much Chlna^a China of many centuries, of
four hundred millions, of fixed traditions and
vices. You cannot empty the Pacific Into a
cup. This is what advocates of unlimited Im
migration would try to do. .
What are the facts?
The present number of Chinese in the United
States may approximately be put down at
100,000. Of these 18,000 are in San Francisco,
54,000 on the Pacific Coast outside of San Fran
cisco, .and 28,000 In other States and Terri
tories'. It is estimated that the whole num
ber of Chinese professing the Christian faith
is about 1600. It is claimed that more than
2000 attend evening schools, that the number
in missions and public schools equal 500 and
that $60,000 has been given by the Chinese for
the building of chapels and for Christian work.
I may venture the opinion, however, that In
the face of these figures it is the opinion of
Christian workers among the Chinese that the
proper place to civilize the race is not here,
but in their own country.
We have failed to christianize the Chinese
population of California. From a moral point
of view the Chinaman has not been a success
In the United States, which is to say, he has
not assimilated with American institutions
and Ideals. He has planted orchards, built
railroads, washed linen and prepared dinners
for $30 or $40 a. month, but has signally failed
to become a moral American force. His nega
tive virtues have never become positive In
fluences.
This is true largely because he is the im
migrant without a home. He is a man with
out a fireside. Other immigrants have brought
hither their wives and children, for whom
they have sacrificed. The cabin and the
school, the church and the library followed,
and some of the best blood In America flowr
in their veins.
They have become pillars of the republic,
but the Chinese are a homeless people. Co*
sequently they have imperilled their environ
ment, and the Influence of their lives has not
been good. The Scotch have given us con
science, the Italian artistic taste, the French
man wit, the English piety, the Scandinavia*
industry, but the Chinese have made no perma
nent gifts to American life. He has con
tributed nothing to the moral or social fibw
of the republic. He has left no art, no sci
ence, not even his fortune or his bones. Hi*
has taken millions from our gold fields. H>
has not left anywhere a permanent dollar.
No man is a moral force in the United State*
who takes away his money and his skull.
A few years ago the Board of Supervisor*
of this city made an Investigation, when It.
was shown that 30,000 Chinese lived within a
space comprised in eight blocks: Fifty-seven
women and fifty-nine children living as fami
lies; 761 women and 576 children herded to
gether with apparent indiscriminate partntal
relatives and no family classification so far
as could be ascertained: 576 prostitutes and
eighty-seven children, professional prostitutes
and children living together.
There were 103 houses of prostitution, 150
iron-clad barred and barricaded gambling
dens, twenty-six opium Joints existing in de
fiance of municipal laws and of police authori
ty. In habitations sufficient for 250 persons
the committee found 823 actual sleeping occu
pants.
The conditions are practically the name to
day.
Chinatown furnishes the best argument
against Chinese Immigration from the moral
standpoint.
Its odors and filth. Its prostitution and slav
ery, Its opium joints and gambling dens its
unsanitary conditions and atmosphere of secret
sin— these convince the nostril. Influence the
eye and turn the stomach!
We have cleansed Havana with broom and
spade and flame, but every large city in the
country has an annex of Chinese degeneracy
which needs, doubtless. Bibles and schools, but
first of all sanitation and cleanliness, which
In the laws of health precedes godliness itself.
Chinatown in San Francisco is a museum of
oriental vice, kept open for the benefit of East
ern tourists— and other people. It Is a city of
slavery, worse than the slave pen in New Or
leans which trave young Lincoln the inspiration
to lift the thunderbolt of the Northern con
science. A second Harriet Beecher Stowe
might write another "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and
draw the picture of an oriental Eliza bound by
fetterß. There she stands looking through the
iron bars of Chinatown!
Crime Is bred In Chinatown. Highbinders
execute their own laws of vengeance; murders
CHINATOWN AS A fIUSEUH.
CHINATOWN fnrnlihes the best argument aarainnt Cfetnese
Immigration from the moral standpoint. Its odors and Illth,
Its prostitution and slavery, Its opium joints and Kambling
dens, its unsanitary conditions and atmosphere of secret
sin— these convince the nostril, influence the eye and tarn the
stomach.
We have cleansed Havana vt-Ith broom and spade and flame,
but every large city in the country has an annex of Chinese de
generacy which needs, doubtless, Bibles and schools, but Urst of
all sanitation and cleanliness, which in the laws of health precede
godliness Itself. Chinatown In San Francisco Is a museum of
Oriental vices, kept open for the benefit of Eastern tourists—
and other people. It Is a city of slavery, worse than the slave
pen in New Orleans which grave youna* Lincoln the inspiration
to lift the thunderbolt of the Northern conscience. A second Har
riet Beecher Stawe might write another "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and
draw the picture of an Oriental Eliza bound by fetters. There she
stands, looking through the iron bars of Chinatown! — Excerpt
from speech by Rev. William Rader at Chinese Exclusion Con
vention.
arc frequently committed. In thirty years IMT,
Chinese felons have served time. During the
last six months 1140 arrests were made in
Chlnutcwn. It breeds murder, crime, licen
tiousneßS, slavery.
Destroy It. Let the plow run through the
filthy streets. Plant corn where vice grows.
Let fountains splash where the opium fumes
lill the air. Open it as a playground for the
children. Remove the standing: menace to
health and happiness and air the most pow
erful arsumsnt against unrestricted Chinese
immigration.
Chinese immigration feeds the already active
wickedness of our country through at least
four well-known vices. They are prostiution,
gambling:, opium smoking and murder.
In conclusion, what shall we do about it?
We are here to memorialize Congress. Shall
we ask for a closed door of Chinese exclusion
or for a modified restriction measure?
We are united here In the West In believing
some sort of exclusion is im»erative. and the
people of California are not In the temper to
take ar.y chances. We cannot open the dam
of Mongolian invasion.
We stand for American labor, which must
be irotected. We cannot offer up American
labor on the altar of international commerce,
which is not threatened In any event. Labor
must be protected and the moral life of the
public be defended. Some form of exclusion
is a national, a moral, an economic necessity.
We must recoitnizo and acknowledge the
friendly relations of the two countries and
make a recommendation in accordance with
International treaty procedure in terms humil
iating neither to China nor injurious to
America.
Since the Geary bill was passed a new posi
tion among the powers has been taken by our
nation. We have been fighting battles for
humanity. Let us act in accordance with the
spirit of these wars and in harmony with the
spirit which actuated them.
The -world is watching us. Let us act with
deliberation— not as partisans, but as broad
minded patriots. The cla«s of coolies which
make up the rank and file of the California
population who come without wives or wealth,
who Interfere with American worklnjrmen on
the one hand and affect public morals on the
other, should have the door of the nation closed
tight asalnat them and locked with a Geary
key.
If there is any doubt as to the working of a
law with a qualification, let us give the pres
ent exclusion law the benefit of the doubt.
That the men of brains and culture in China,
the statesmanship recognized by General Grant
In LI Hung Chiang, whom he considered on;
of the three greatest statesmen of the world,
that the men who have adopted Eurouean or
American ideas and who are the moral lead
era of their race — students, teachers, merchants
— that these should be recognized and respected
by our declaration to Congress and by the law
Congress may enact is to say the least con
sistent with the higher spirit of the American
people and just to the higher life of Chlna.
CONGRESSMAN WOODS IN
SYMPATHY WITH MOVEMENT
He Assures Convention That the Cali
fornia Delegation Will Make a
Strong Fight.
Congressman S. D. "Woods made a
forceful address, which put his audience
In very good, humor. He said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion — I have not come before you for the pur
pose of making a speech. I came to this con
vention is a delegate. I came for the purpose
of absorbing some of your spirit, so that If In
Congress the fight became serious and I became
weary I might be inspired by the memory of
the thought and hope and action of this great
convention. (Applausa.) I am & product of Cali
fornia. (A voice, "And a good one, too.")
Over fifty years ago my mother, carrying
me In her arms, landed at the corner of Jack
son and Montgomery streets from a boat, and
I have seen this city and this State grow from
my early childhood. I have for California a
great love, and that great love makes me loyal
to her in this, the hour of her exigency. (Ap
plause.) •
There Is work for this convention to do. We
have a fight in Congress. I have been to Con
gress and waa there two months and, knowing
Piles Cured Without the -Knife.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers of Pazo Ointment
to refund money where it fails to cure any
case of piles, no matter of how long standins
Cures ordinary cases In six days; the ' worst
casej in fourteen days. One application elves
ease and rest. Relieves itching Instantly This
Is a new discovery, and is the only pile rem
edy SOI4 on a positive guarantee, no cure no
pay. A free sample will be sent by mall to
any one sending their name and address
Price, 60c. If your druggist don't keep it ii
stock send 60c In stamps and we will forward
a full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. Louis, Mo who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cur*
Laxative Bromo-Qtiinlne Tablets.
that during the next session this question
would come up for solution. I tested the temper
of the Congressmen to find out whether or not
it was necessary when I returned to Congress
again to be prepared for a conflict, and I found
that I had to be ready for a fight with my col
leagues upon this question.
We have expanded as a nation. There has
been a difference of opinion on the question
of expansion, but these differences of opinion
have been settled by the manifest destiny of
the American nation, and she expands, un
der God. whether you want It or not. (Ap
plause.) Expanded as she is in obedience to
the divine decree, are we now to mutilate
this expansion by allowing the doors of the
western portion of the continent to be opened
to 400,000,000 of Chinese who bring to America
nothing but degradation and despair? (Cries
of 'No, no! 'i You say no. That is our opin
ion. And 1 say that this convention ought to
have been a convention of th» Pacific Coast
and there should be yet carried on along the
line of the Pacific in every Territory and State
west of the Rocky Mountains this work, until,
when we stand In Congress, the entire delega
tion from the Pacific Slope will stand as a unit,
and behind us will stand as a unit the common
sentiment of the entire Pacific Coast, repre
sented in great conventions In every State.
(Applause.) You must work, and every news
paper op the v-acinc Slope should from this
tl ;e fona, under ..he inspiration cf your re
vest iv i.it..., »-oiji, through their column*,
to show the East that there is no dissension
and that there is no dissipation of hope upon
the Pacific Slope upon this great question.
We know in America that the common man
is the hope of the republic. We know that the
rich may leave us if they desire, but we know
that this country can never stand i* the com
mon man— of whom, thank. God, I am one— is
degraded in America. (Applause.) Keep this
convention alive from this time until the bat
tle Is - won. Appoint a permanent executive
committee. Keep your chairman In his place
ready to call this convention together at any
time. (Applause.) And if we find that the
commercialism of the East, represented by
such men as Morgan, is against us and we
need help, that we can ask you, with the cry
from Macedonia, to come over and help us, let
him call this convention ! together again and
stay in session until we can say to the East,
"There Is a great convention of American
citizens in session In California i»nd they will
stay In session until this battle is won." (Great
applause.)
*' If you think that this delegation is going
back to Washington to meet a Waterloo you
do not know th« delegation. (Renewed ap
plause.) Why, every mother and every daugh
ter of California, is involved in this battle.
And do you think that such men as we are,
knowing that this conflict is for the mothers
and the daughters and the children of Cali
fornia, will ever give up this battle? (Cries
of "No, no," and great applause.) I gay to
you men I know what honorable impulses have
brought you here. (Cheers for Congressman
Woods.) And If there is any man who has
come to this convention with anything In his
heart but a love for California let him "go
away back and sit down." (Laughter and ap
plause.) I will tell you how I feel about this
If I knew that my resignation would bring
about the passage of this bill as recommended
by my young friend, Mr. McKlnlay, here this
morning, I would write the telegram on this
desk and send it to the Governor this minute
to make California free from this possible
curse. - And that Is how I love her. (Cries of
"Good" and cheers.)
Now, gentlemen, I said I did not come here
to make a speech. (Laughter and cries of "Go
• °?\.'JL Thls .. ls no ****<*- (Laughter and cries
or Oh. no. ) It is a talk out of a man's heart
believing what he is saying. You keep up this
splendid enthusiasm behind us men in Con
gresg and all hell couldn't beat us. (Laughter
and great applause.) That is the way to do it
boys. That is . the kind of spirit that the
boys had at Manila when George Dewey sank
the whole Spanish fleet. That Is the spirit of
the Anglo-Saxon that, under God Almighty
is to make the American flag the one flax of
the world. (Cheers.) ¦ . 0I
x I tell you that th ls.no political question
I have told my colleagues in Congress, "You
have a splendid majority In Congress- but h*
careful of that . majority." And I am g O ln£
to tell them when I *° back, and I don't corf
what the Republican party thinks of whaf !
am going to say now. lam going to tell them
this: If you don't pass the exclusion bill £
keep the Chinaman out of America for th»
preservation of American citizenship ' you win
find that we will be made football, of at Thi
next election by the American people and by
God we will deserve it. (Great iDnl«in«\ t
will tell them "By God you ought "to bJf m,,*f
Plause!)* ° f '" . Renewed laulhteV'ind^
I will say, to you now in conclusion »*.<_ •
awlld talk, but It Is not quUe rau°e""b"mln ce d S
because I feel what I «ay. and I rne^n ww t
say. anc. you will find it out in the Jnd 1
have been seriously at work In thil
for the last month I have ccrLni.J 1"^1 "^
every Sheriff in the State of cSiffi? *!*?
the Chief of Police of eveVctty In ri MfnT. th
with the health officers of every city In £n
fornia. and I hay« accumulate «,« .
evidence that would chill ?our Wood Zn3"»h- f
would make you hot aa th« . ftrea nr h^?? £* n
the chill was over. (I^ughfe™ ° Whj "
Words of Cheer
to Friends of
Toil.
cause these officers of the law hay« told n>«
that these people who have already come to
our shores are poisoning our civilisation at
the very cradle almost. And that Is why :t
will chill you ftrse and wh«n tn« chill Is over
you will have the hot fire* of Indignation, aa
hot as hell to hum these destroyers of our
cradles and to biast them for«v»r from th»
land. I will hand these evld*nce«— I won't glT*
th«m to you— l will keep them for the commit
tee to r«ad. and then if the committee want Is
find out whether these statements are true or
not they can refer to the offlews of this con
vention for confirmation. And that is why L
want you to keep rhls convention alive, to
bolster Ug us in our facts.
Now I say go home as members of this con
vention and keep it alive, with the executive
committee acting enthusiastically and hope
fully; go home to your papers and set them
alive, and if necessary let the people of th<»
East, the commercial man and the devooc
woman In the East, who want to convert thi
world, understand that at present and until
the passage of the exclusion act by Congress
the Californians and the Pacific Coast, man.
woman and child, knows notnfna* tn th« world
but the absolute necessity of passing the Geary
exclusion act. with all thes« splendid amend
ments that have been suggested. t,Oreat ap
plause.)
PEOPLE OP CALITOBNTA
UNITED IN THE WORK
Xayor Snyder of Las Angelas Prom
ises Support of tho Southern
Residents.
Mayor Snyder of Loa Angele* was th«
next speaker to address the convention.
He was given close aUontion throughout.
He said:
Mr. Chairman and Members of this Conven
tion: This Is the most Impressive body I have
ever had the pleasure of addressing. It Is im
pressive in that here are the representative cit •
izen» from all parts o* the gr*at State of Cali
fornia. Tou have left your homes, you hava
left your families, you have left your businem.
and at your own expense you have come her?,
and all are of one mind. This convention l«t
peculiar in that here we find Democrats anrt
Republicans, we find th* capitalist and the la
borer, we fiiyl the representative of the pulpit
we find that all walka of Ufa are repreaentrM
here; and we are all of one mtnd. In favor i'
Chinese exclusion, for country, honu* and civili
zation. (Applause.)
I regard it as the sacred duty of every Amer
ican citizen to discharge faithfully his politic*!
obligations to his country, a country every foot
of whose soil has been consecrated to the cauat*
of liberty by the precious blood of a heroic peo
ple. It is the duty of every American to s«e
to it that the duplicity of Oriental corruption
ists shall not defile public sentiment, and that
the American people do not consent to legisla
tion by the national Congress thrat will permit
the contamination of our soil by an Influx of
hordes of the lowest type of humanity. I say
that It Is our duty as American citizens to fear
lessly face this great problem and to stamp out
once and for all time this threatened danger 1;
unrestricted Chinese Immigration. (Applause I
W« are assembled here to contribute to th«
preservation and elevation of a olear American
sentiment that will brlr.g the blush of shame t.>
the faces of all who advocate the opening of our
doors to a flood of creatures who believe In no
government unless it be a despotism, who hay*
no obligations to the Government under whica
they live other tha/i that inspired by fear.
I shall speak plainly. The Chinese is a pagan,
devoted to the worship of idols, despising Chris
tianity and hating our civilized institutions,
disregarding our social system, sneertn* at our
patriotism and doing his utmost to dwnoralizn
our people. Against him our gates should for
ever be kept closed. (Applause.) I am one of
tfcoac who think that the ability of our p«opl 1
to assimilate alien races is about exhausted
and that the invitation to the people of ever •
clime to join with us aod to participate in this
great Government of and for and by the people
should be withdrawn. We are in a position to
say that only the best men of foreign lands
shall be allowed to enter and b-come Ameri
can citixena. And we mutt «ay in thunderous
Contintied on Page Three.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DraggediDown
Feeling
In the loins.
Nervousness, onrpfreshing sleep, despon-
dency.
It Is time you were doing something.
The kidneys were anciently called the
rein 3 —in yoar case they are holding the
reins and driving you into serious trouble.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Acts with the most direct, beneficial eflect
on the kidneys. It contains the best and
safest substances for correcting and toning
these organs.
A bright
young man
wanted
One with some office training pre-
ferred; must be able to write good
business English for correspondence:
wages at first $50 a month; good chance
for the right kind -ot a young; man.
Address box 2373. Call office.CHINATOWN IS A MENACE TO HEALTH
MEMORIAL OF THE EXCLUSION CONVENTION
ADDRESSED TO THE PRESIDENT AND CONGRESS
TO The President and the Congress of the United
States: Pursuant to a call officially issued by the
city of San Francisco, there assembled in that city
the 21st day of November, 1901, for the purpose
of expressing the sentiment? of the State of Cali
fornia, a convention composed of representatives
I f County Supervisor?. City Councils, trade, com
mercial and civic organizations to the number of
three thousand, and without dissent it was resolved to memorial
ize the President and the Congress of the United States as fol
lows:
after the negotiation of the Burlingrame treaty in 1868
large numbers of Chinese coolies were brought to this country
unUer contract Their numbers so increased that in 1878 the peo
ple of the State made a practically unanimous demand for the
lestrktion of the immigration. Our white population suffered in
every department of labor and trade, having in numerous in
stances been driven out of employment by the competition of the
• 'hinese. The progress of the State was arrested because so long
he field was occupied by Chinese a new and desirable immi
gration was impossible. After a bitter struggle remedial legisla
tion was passed in ISS2 and was renewed in 1892, to
run for a period of te:: years. Your memorialists, in view of
the fact thai the present so-called Geary law expires by limita
tion or. May 5 next, and learning that you have been petitioned
against its re-er.actment. believe that it is necessary for them to
repeat and to reaffirm the reasons which, in their judgment, re
quire the re-enactment and the continued enforcement of the law.
The effects of Chinese exclusion have been most advantageous
to the State. The 75.000 Chinese resident of California in ISc-O
have been reduced, according- to the last census, to 45,600; and
whereas, ihe white settlement of California by Caucasians had
been arrested prior to the adoption of these laws, a healthy
growth of the State in population has marked the progress of re
cent years. Every material interest 'of the State has advanced
and prosperity has been our portion. Were the restriction laws
relaxed we are convinced that our working population would be
displaced, and the noble structure of our State, the creation of
American ideas and industry would be imperiled if not destroyed.
The lapse of time has only confirmed your memorialists in their
conviction, from their knowledge derived from actually coming in
contact with the Chinese, that they are a non-assimilative race
and by every standard of American thought undesirable as citi
zens. Although they have been frequently employed and treated
with decent consideration ever since the enactment of the exclu
sion law in ISS2. which was the culmination and satisfaction of
California's patriotic purpose, they have not in any sense altered
their racial characteristics and have not socially or otherwise as
similated with our people. To quote the Imperial Chinese Consul
General in San Francisco: "They work more cheaply than
whites; they live more cheaply; they send their money out of the
country to China; most of them have no intention of remaining
in the United States, and they do not adopt American manners,
but live in colonies and not after the American fashion."
Physical Assimilation Impossible.
Until this year no statute had been passed by the State for
bidding their intermarriage with the whites, and yet during their
Jong residence but few intermarriages have taken place and the
offspring; has been invariably degenerate. It is well established
that the issue of the Caucasian and the Mongolian does not pos
sess the virtue of either, but develops the vices of both. So phys
ical assimilation is out of the question.
It is well known that the vast majority of Chinese do not
bring their wives with them in their immigration because of their
v urpose to return to their native land when a competency is
earned. Their practical status among us has been that of single
men competing at low wages against not only men of our own
race, but men -who have been brought up by our civilization to
family life and civic duty. They pay little taxes, they support no
institutions— neither school, church nor theater; they remain
Pev. P- C. Yorke
Delivers an
Address.
Continued From Page Two.
tone* alike to the anarchist and to the criminals
of Europe and to the filthy and brutal spawn
of China. Tou cannot enter here. lApplause.)
It is a well-known fact that the physical
characteristlC6 of the Chinaman prevent his
assimilation with our people. He must always
be foreign to us, ever, if in our mid«. Xot
only the laborers, but those Chinamen skilled
in torn* art or trade in their peculiar way in
ter'ere with the industries of our country. The
Chinaman is content to live in narrow quar
ter*, unfit in an American's eye for the hab
itation of a horse or a dog. He is content and
a to work for the bare sustenance of
his brute-like life. All of these things enable
work for a pittance compared with the
pay of the American laborer, who properly
to procure the comforts of a home and
to procure for hi 6 children an education.
I say, gentlemen of this convention, that w»
must prevent the degradation of the American
workingman. < Applause ) He Is the bulwark
sperity, and, to use an old and well
known saying, his dinner pall must not be
emptied by allowing Chinamen to enter into
competition -with him. rßenewed applause.)
In conclusion I say none, no not one in the
least of degrees can b<> excueed from doing his
duty by the American people and by the people
of this ooa»t on the plea of what unrestricted
Chinese immigration means to this land or to
?MH?H»?M? M ? t ? H H4>
. •?• <*
? /^Uk. *
X \ % IX
? \ taJLJ * 1 / ?
t >w~ >* «* S T
X -i"
! Among Many
X Ask for X
¦4- 4-
+¦ ¦ x
I Hunter I
I Whiskey!
X X
*" X
X and the best will be I
¦?¦ given you. +
x. . x
X Never Sold X
X Til! X
X 10 Years Old t
+ J
4- CmtISTT It V. ISE COMMISSION CO.. Jnc .4.
.a. 223-2»Callf»rr.l*St..Pan Francisco, . .4.
Telephone Kain en. X
?»? ? ? t ??????+?+??? 1 1 1 1 4++.
SLAVERY IN CHINATOWN.
THE newspaper, o f 4hls cfty have paid a srreat deal of at
tention to the question of slavery, and the pnpllc have come
to know- through the efforts of the press that here tn this
free land, in the city of San Francisco, nnder the very
shadow of the flagr that is the hope, the Inspiration and the glory
of all who love liberty and rejoice in freedom, human chattels
are bought and sold, bartered and exchanged yes, in the very
market place. And there is no Federal law on the statute books
to reach and remedy this evil, and so the new Chinese exclusion
law mnst be framed to wipe out the last vestige of slavery on
American soil.
To learn this may astonish many, bnt It Is a fact neverthe
less. At present there is no law relating to the question of
slavery, unless it relates to negroes, mnlattocs or foreigners;
therefore with reference to Chinese slave girls who claim to have
been born in the United States there is no penal statute by which
their owners can be prosecuted — Excerpt from speech by Duncan
E. McKinlay at the Chinese Exclusion Convention.
its neighbors. That le well known from past
experience. As Americans we owe it not alone
to the future but to our own time, with Its
mighty spirit of progress, Its wonderful
progress which is due to our free laborers, to
see that the Chinese exclusion law Is re-enact
ed. (Applause.)
J. S. TAYX.OB SPEAKS
FOB, AMERICAN FARMERS
He Says They Are in Sympathy With
the Laboring Classes in Their
Battle.
J. S. Taylor of Napa, past lecturer of
the State Grange, followed with an ad
dress in behalf of the larmers of Califor
nia. He said:
Mr. Chairman and Members of the Chinese
Exclusion Convention— l have been requested
to addreES you as a representative of the farm
ing Interests of this State as to what effect
the free and unlimited immigration of Chinese
would have on our fanners and have chosen
for my subject "The Chinese Coolie and the
American Farmer."
Gentlemen, where in the world will you find a
greater contrast than that between these slaves
of the Orient and the free and independent farm
ers of America? The coolie is. to all intents and
purposes, a slave. He Is owned, both body and
soul, by that powerful corporation, the great
trust of China, known here as the Chinese Six
Companies. His fare is paid to this country and,
if he has any difficulty in getting in, this pow
erful combination has the means to employ
the brightest legal talent that we have, which
will, sometimes. I am sorry to say. prostitute
it* ability in trying to defeat the purposes of
our laws for the filthy lucre of the "heathen
Chinee. " If he gets ashore his expenses are
paid until he finds work; he may be sent into
the country and hire out as a farm hand or as
orchard help. Then he slaves for years in or
der to re-pay his masters, and, if he should die
here, to have his precious bones sent back
to the Flowery Kingdom. John is very imita
tive and s'X>n learns to run a farm or an or
chard 'allee samee Melican man." When he
has repaid his masters their due and shown
his ability to run a term or an orchard success
fully he iti backed by his powerful trust and
put "in a position to compete with the free-born
and independent American farmer. And what
competition . Oh, my countrymen; free-born
American citizens of this grand and gloruus
republic, think twice before you let down the
bars of reetriction against this, to us, most
alien of all human races.
Pome of our mirgulded statesmen and avari
cious manufacturers would barter the well
being of our laboring and farming classes for
an extension of our trade with the Chinese
Empire; they dr> not act upon the principle of
"the greatest good to the greatest number,"
but their motto is "the greatest good to th^
least number." For this paltry foreign trade
they would destroy the- greatest market in the
world, cur own home market. What makes this
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
steadfastly, after all these years, a permanently foreign element.
The purpose, no doubt, for enacting the exclusion laws for periods
of ten years is due to the intention of Congress of observing the
progress of these people under American institutions, and now
it has been clearly demonstrated that they cannot, for the
deep and ineradicable reasons of race and mental organization,
assimilate with our own people and be molded as are other races
into strong and composite American stock.
We respectfully represent that their presence excludes a de
sirab!e population and that there is no necessity whatever for
their immigration. The immigration laws of this country now
exclude pauper and contract labor from every land. All Chinese
immigration of the coolie class is both pauper and contract labor.
It is not a voluntary immigration. The Chinese Six Companies
of California deal in Chinese labor as a commodity. Prior to the
exclusion they freely imported coolies, provided for them, farmed
out their services and returned them, and if they should die their
bones, pursuant to a superstitious belief, to their native land.
America is the asylum for the oppressed and liberty-loving
people of the world, and the implied condition of their admission
to this country is allegiance to its Government and devotion to its
institutions. It is hardly necessary to say that the Chinese are
not even bona fide settlers, as the Imperial Chinese Consul Gen
eral admits.
We respectfully represent that American labor should not be
exposed to the destructive competition of aliens who do not, will
not and cannot take up the burdens of American citizenship,
whose presence is an economic blight and a patriotic danger. It
has been urged that the Chinese are unskilled and that they create
wealth in fiel.l, mine and forest, which ultimately redounds to the
benefit of the white skilled workingman. The Chinese are skilled
and are capable of almost any skilled employment. They have
invaded the cigar, shoe, broom, chemical, clothing, fruit canning,
matchmaking and woollen manufacturing industries, and have
displaced more than 4000 white men in these several employments
in the city of San Francisco. As common laborers they have
throughout California displaced tens of thousands of men. But
this country is not solely concerned even in a coldly economic
sense with the production of wealth.
Grave Danger of Overproduction.
The United States has now a greater per capita of working
energy than any other land. If it is stimulated by a non-assim
ilative and non-consuming race there is grave danger of overpro
duction and stagnation. The home market should grow with the
population. But the Chinese, living on the most meager food,
having no families to support, inured to deprivation, and hoard
ing their wages for use in their native land, whither they in% rari
ably return, cannot in any sense be regarded as consumers. Their
earnings do not circulate nor are they reinvested — contrary to
those economic laws which make for the prosperity of nations.
For their services they may be said to be paid twice — first by their
employer and then by the community. If we must have protec
tion, is it not far better for us to protect ourselves against the
man than against his trade? Our opponents maintain that the
admission of the Chinese would cause an enlargement of out
national wealth and a great increase of production, but the dis
tribution of wealth and not its production is to-day our most
serious public question. In this age of science and invention the
production of wealth can well be left to take care of itself. It is
its equitable distribution that must now be the concern of the
country.
The increasing recurrence of strikes in modern times must
have convinced every one that their recent settlement is nothing
more than a truce. It is not a permanent industrial peace. The
new organization of capital and labor that is now necessary to
bring about lasting peace and harmony between those engaged in
production will require greater sympathy, greater trust and con
fidence and a clearer mutual understanding between the employ
ers and the employed. Any such new organization will require a
closer union to be formed between them. These requirements can
the greatest market In the world? Our well
paid laboring classes and our prosperous fa™
ers. But debase Amerloan labor to a Chinese
standard and the American farmer to a serf
0^ the C ~^ia. £
The farmer knows that his best and greatest
S^h * iß t,, th S me market ' anrSe Sr knows
also that n iS best customer and his beet friend
is the well paid well housed, well clothed and
well fed American workingman. Therefore
workingmen of California, let your voice be
heard on this subject with no uncertain sound
and I feel assured that the farmers of this
State . and nation will rally to your •standard
and carry It, like our brave soldier boys in
the la , te _, SP^i'sh war did theirs, to complete
and glorious victory. JTT. "-^
TELLS OP UNSANITARY
STATE OF CHINATOWN
Dr. Williamson of the Board of
Health Reads an Interesting
Paper to Delegates.
Supervisor Charles Wesley Reed sug
gested that the Rev. Peter C. Yorke be
invited to address the convention. The
suggestion was greeted with applause and
Mr. Reed was appointed a committee to
bring the clergyman to the convention
Dr. Williamson, of the San Francisco
Board of Health then read the following
paper:
In presenting views upon the subject assigned
by the committee of arrangements, the writer
feels it incumbent upon himself as a represen
tative of the municipal government, to limit
his remarks as closely as possible to the in
fluences exerted by the Chinese upon the gen
eral health of this community. At the saxno
time an attempt will be made to show in what
principal respects the race in question is an
undesirable element, especially when colonized
in cities and towns. Industrial or social con
ditions will not be considered, as these feat
ures can be more thoroughly dealt with by
those whose study and research of the prob
lems involved have qualified them to discuss
the subject with both intelligence and under
standing.
What may be said concerning the Chinese of
San Francisco will apply with almost an
equivalent amount of force to any community
upon the Pacific Coast in which people of the
Chinese race may be found, and it can be ac
cepted by those interested as one of the con
tributing factors to the many reasons which
justify and even demand the re-enactment of
the exclusion act.
Taking the habits and customs of the Chintse
of San Francisco as typical of those exhibited
by them when grouped in any American com
munity, it can be alleged without danger uf
contradiction that the section of the city in
habited by them has given more concern to the
never be fulfilled between the Individuals of races so alien to one
another as ourselves and the Chinese.
The Chinese are only capable of working under the present
unsatisfactory system. All progress then to an improved organ
ization of capital and labor would be arrested. We might have
greater growth, but never greater development. It was estimated
by the Commissioner of Labor that there were a million idle men
in the United States in 1886. Certainly the 76,000 Chinese in Cali
fornia at that time stood for 76,000 white men waiting for employ
ment, and the further influx of Chinese in any considerable num
bers would precipitate the same condition again, if not indeed
make it chronic. If the United States increases in population at
the rate of 12 per cent per decade it will have nearly 230,000,000
people in 100 years. Our inventive genius and the constant im
provements being made in machinery will greatly increase our
per capita productive capacity. If it be our only aim to increase
our wealth so as to hold our own in the markets of the world are
we not, without the aid of Chinese coolies, capable of doing it and
at the same time preserve the character of our population and
insure the perpetuity of our institution? It is not wealth at any
cost that sound public policy requires, but that the country be
developed with equal pace and with a desirable population which
stands not only for industry but for citizenship.
Chinese Crowding Out Americans.
In their appeal to the cupidity of farmers and orchardists tha
proponents of Chinese immigration have stated that the Chinese
are only common laborers, and by this kind of argument they
have attempted to disarm the skilled labor organizations of the
country; but we have shown you that the Chinese are skilled and
are capable of becoming skilled. As agriculturists they have
crowded out the native population and driven the country boy
from the farm to the city, where he meets their skilled competition
in many branches of industry. But shall husbandry be abandoned
to a servile class? Shall the boys and girls of the fields and of the
orchards be deprived of their legitimate work in the harvest .'
Shall not our farmers be encouraged to look to their own house
holds and to their own neighbors for labor? Shall the easy meth
ods of contract employment be encouraged? We are warned by
history that the free population of Rome was driven by slave
labor from the country into the city, where it became a mob
and a rabble, ultimately compassing the downfall of the republic.
The small farms were destroyed, and under an overseer large
farms were cultivated, which led Pliny to remark that "great
estates ruined Italy."
The experience of the South with slave labor warns us
against unlimited Chinese immigration, considered both as a race
question and as an economic problem. The Chinese, if permitted
to freely enter this country, would create race antagonisms which
would ultimately result in great public disturbance. The Cau
casian will not tolerate the Mongolian. As ultimately all gov
ernment is based on physical force, the white population of this
country will not without resistance suffer itself to be destroyed.
Economically it was thought wise at one time to employ negro
slaves, but the accumulated wealth of the South was wiped out by
an appalling expenditure of blood and money, precipitating condi
tions which bore with terrible force upon a people which were once
considered great and prosperous. The cornerstone of their struc
ture was slavery, and the cornerstone of any structure based upon
the employment of Chinese coolies is servile labor. It is repugnant
to our form of society and to our ideas of government to segre
gate a labor class and regard it only as its capacity for work. If
we were to return to the ante-bellum ideas of the South, now hap
pily discarded, the Chinese would satisfy every requirement of a
slave or servile class. They work incessantly, they are docile
and they would not be concerned about their political conditions,
but such suggestions are repulsive to American civilization.
America has dignified work and made it honorable. Manhood
gives title to rights, and the Government being ruled by majori
ties is largely controlled by the very class which servile labor
Senator Bulla
Speaks for
South.
authorities man an tne rest 01 me v;n> vum
bined. Violations of sanitary laws and inde
cencies of many descriptions are no sooner
suppressed or abated than they are almost in
variably repeated. The Chinese, exclusive of
the ofheial and mercantile classes, appear to
revel in dirt and wallow In filth in prefer
ence to becoming and remaining clean, even
when the cleanliness is provided and paid
for by the landlord, the city or the State.
During the past five years the holders of
real estate In San Francisco's Chinatown have
been compelled to spend many thousands? of
dollars for sanitary plumbing to replace that
of antique anil inefficient character which has
been condemned to the health officials. It
is an acknowledged fact that unless a strict
daily watch is maintained some of the oc
cupants of the premises wheie improved
plumbing has been placed will fexhibit their
disapproval of such innovation by willfully
breaking and damaging the same.
Property owners In Chinatown, who would
otherwise be perfectly willing to follow the di
lections of the Board of Health, have often
complained against being forced to put forth
large expenditures for modern plumbing,
claiming that as soon as it is installed it will
be ruined beyond repair.
In the Chinese quarter of San Francisco open
rewers have been found running through
underground living apartments. After these
have been closed by the authorities they have
been repeatedly reopened by the persons living
in the premises, who seem to regard an open
sewer as a convenience instead of a nuisance.
In the subterranean strata there are places
where tunnels have been dug leading from in
habited basements beneath the street as far
as the main sewer, which has been opened in
trder to afford ready access, for what par
ticular purpose the Chinese alone can say.
On one tour of inspection tiers of bunks occu
pied by sleeping Chinese were found In a
tunnel Just on the verge of an open sewer.
The utter contempt for the simplest princi
ples of sanitation has resulted in the deliberate
breaking or obstructing of drain pipes which
unless discovered by inspectors have been
permitted fo discharge their output into cel
lars and other excavations, where it saturates
the soil and continually gives forth offensive
exhalations.
Opium smoking, once a purely Oriental vice,
has received so much attention In the past
that little reference Is necessary, except It be
to point with disgust and chagrin to the read
iness with which the habit has been adopted
by a considerable number of whites who after
reaching their appropriate level of degradation
find In the crowded and unhealthy purlieus of
Chinatown a haven of uncleanliness admirably
adapted to their debased instincts.
Police vigilance has minimized to a great
extent the prostitution in the quarter which
served as a notorious distributing center for
venereal diseases and It Is not long since the
district was cleared of many white girls who
plied this calling among the Chinese exclu
sively.
As a result of poorly ventilated and over
crowded apartments, the utter disregard of
ordinary principles of cleanliness and the uni
versal infatuation for dirt, disease Is active.
In the fiscal year ending June 30. 1899, 548
deaths occurred among the Chinese. Estimat
ing the population at 13,000. this number gives
a death rate of 30.44 per thousand; the city's
death rate was 19.72 per thousand. In the
following year 562 deaths were credited to the
Chinese, or 31.22 per thousand; the city's death
rate was 18.81 per thousand. During the last
fiscal year 418 deaths were reported, or 23.22
per thousand, while the city's rate was 19.48
per thousand. These figures show the death
rate among these people to be vastly In ex
cess of the general death rate in the city of
San Francisco. The diminution during the last
fiscal year Is due without question to the fact
that many sick Chinese left the city during
the quarantine excitement and their deafhe
took place at different points of the Interior.
AXDEN ANDERSON GIVES
HIS VIEWS ON SUBJECT
Says He Is Unalterably Opposed to
Chinese Immigration Into This
Country.
AHen Anderson. ex-Speaker of the As
sembly, was unable to be present owing
to important business, ?.nd the secretary
read his views. In part he said:
It seemt superfluous and entirely unnecessary
SANITARY LAWS VIOLATED.
TAKING tbe habits and cnntomi of the Chinese of San Fran
cisco as typical of those exhibited by them when gjronped
in an American community, it can be alleged -without dan
ger of contradiction that the section of the city inhabited
by them has jrlven more concern to the authorities than all the
rest of the city combined. Violations of sanitary laws and inde
cencies of many descriptions are no sooner suppressed or abated
than they are almost invariably repeated. The Chinese, exclusive
of the official and mercantile classes, appear to revel in dirt and
wallow in filth in preference to becoming: and remaining: clean,
even -when the cleanliness is provided and paid for by the land
lord, the city or the State. In the Chinese quarters open leweri
have been found running: through underground living: apart
ments. After these have been closed by the authorities they have
been repeatedly reopened by the persons living in the premises,
¦who seem to regard an open lewer as a convenience instead of a
nuisance.— Excerpt from Dr. Williamson's address to Chinese Ex
clusion Convention.
for the people of California to meet In conven
tion to declare their sentiments upon the ques
tion of the exclusion of Chinese coolie labor
from our shores, because the sentiment in this
State, without regard to creed, class or po
litical affiliation, is almost unanimous upon
the subject, and that unanimity declares in
no uncertain tones the desire for continued ex
clusion. It is because of the misleading reports
which have been sent abroad, however, in re
gard to the feeling upon the question In Cali
fornia that It is necessary that some form of
public expression should be given by the peo
ple of the State, and for that reason the call
ing of this convention is to be highly com
mended.
The desirability of white help as compared
to Chinese, both to the Individual and the State,
is greatly in favor of the former in all re
spects. It Is a fact not to be denied nor con
troverted that no other class of labor can exist
on the same amount and class of food and
with as little expenditure of money as the
Chinese. They have no family ties and do not
and cannot and, for that matter, care not to
affiliate with our society or with our institu
tions. They come here not to stay but to
accumulate money to return home. They bring
the bulk of their food, which is rice, and their
wearing apparel with them. They eend the
bulk of their earnings out of the country. I
believe that I am understating rather than
overstating the fact when I say that 90 per
cent of the money paid to the Chinese laborer
Is exported from the country.
PRESSMEN PASS SOME
STRONG RESOLUTIONS
G. M. Benham Presents Them to the
Members of the Exclusion
Convention.
G. B. Benham, representing the Print
ing Pressmen's Association, delivered a
stirring speech and read the following
resolutions which were adopted by tho
Printing Pressmen's Union No. 24:
Whereas, The constant and menacing Influx
of Chinese into the United States Is essentially
detrimental to the Interests of the entire work
ing class, and especially to the organized work
ers of the Pacific Coast.
Every trade and occupation Is Indirectly inter
fered with by the Chinese, and many trades
(notably the shoe workers and the cigarmakers)
have been irretrievably injured by Chinese com
petition; and
Whereas, After Investigation by a committee
from the Printing Pressmen's Union No. 24 of
San Francisco seven Chinese printing offices
are found In San Francisco, and others are
known to exist In other coast cities. These
offices are all doing English printing, are exe
cuting all label printing and cigar-box print-
Ing for the Chinese cigar trade and for some
white manufacturers, and are also doing litho
graphing, lowering the price of all, and are
rapidly making inroads in other specialties in
the printing trade, thus directly endangering
would supersede, namely, the free and independent workingmen
of America. The political power invested in men by this Govern
ment shows the absolute necessity of keeping up the standard of
population and not permitting it to deteriorate by contact with
inferior and non-assimilative races.
Question Involves Our Civilization.
But this is not alone a race, labor and political question. Ii
is one which involves our civilization, and that interests the peo
ple of the world. The benefactors, scholars, soldiers and states
men — the patriots and martyrs of mankind — have builded our
modern fabric firmly upon the foundation of religion, law, science
and art. It has been rescued from barbarism and protected
against the incursions of barbarians. Civilization in Europe has
been frequently attacked and imperiled by the barbaric hordes of
Asia. If the little band of Greeks at Marathon had not beaten
back ten times their number of Asiatic invaders it is impossible to
estimate the loss to civilization that would have ensued. When
we contemplate what modern civilization owes to the two cen
turies of Athenian life, from which we first learned our lessons of
civil and intellectual freedom, we can see how necessary it was
to keep the Asiatic from breaking into Europe. Attila and his
Asiatic hordes threatened Central Europe when the Gauls made
their successful stand against them. The wave of Asiatic bar
barism rolled back and civilization was again saved. The repulse
of the Turks, who are •of the Mongolian race, before Vienna
finally made our civilization strong enough to take care of itself,
and the danger of extinction by a military invasion from Asia
passed away. But a peaceful invasion is more dangerous than a
warlike attack. We oan meet and defend ourselves against an
open foe, but an insidious foe ander our generous laws would be
in possession of the citadel before we are aware. The free immi
gration of Chinese would be for all purposes an invasion by
Asiatic barbarians, against whom civilization in Europe has been
frequently defended fortunately for us. It is our inheritance to
keep it pure and uncontaminated. as it is our purpose and destiny
to broaden and enlarge it. We are trustees for mankind.
In an age when the brotherhood of man has become more
fully recognized we are not prepared to overlook the welfare of the
Chinaman, himself. We need have nothing on our national con
science because the Chinaman has a great industrial desttny in
his own country. Few realize that China is yet a sparsely popu
lated country- Let their merchants, travelers and students then
come here as before to carry back to China the benefits of our
improvements and experiments. Let American ideas of progress
and enterprise be planted on Chinese soil. Our commerce with
China since ISBO has increased more than 50 per cent. Our consu
lar service reports that "the United States is second only to Great
Britain in goods sold to the Chinese. The United States buys
more goods from China than does any other nation, and her total
trade with China, exports and imports, equals that of Great
Britain, not including the colonies, and is far ahead of that oi
any other country."
Commerce is not sentimental and has not been affected by our
policy of exclusion. The Chinese Government, knowing the neces
sities of the situation, being familiar with the fact that almost
every country has imposed restrictions upon the immigration of
Chinese coolies, does not regard our attitude as an unfriendly act.
Indeed, our legislation has been confirmed by treaty. Nor are the
Chinese unappreciative of the friendship of the United States re
cently displayed in saving possibly the empire itself from dis
memberment. So, therefore, America is at no disadvantage in its
commercial dealings with China on account of the domestic policy
of Chinese exclusion.
Therefore every consideration of public duty, the nation's
safety and the people's rights, the preservation of our civilization
and the perpetuity of our institutions impel your memorialists to
ask for the re-enactment of the exclusion laws which have for
twenty years protected us against the gravest dangers, and which,
were they relaxed, would imperil every interest which the Ameri
can people hold sacred for themselves and their posterity.
our means of livelihood and (as In every other
occupation entered by the Chinese) assisting in
the general lowering of the standard of living
of the American workers. Tne committee finds
these conditions largely due to the instruction
in the printing trade given by the Christian
missionaries to their Chinese converts, and
the apparent laxness In the enforcing of the
now existing laws against Chinese emigration.
In view of these facts, and the deplorable
moral and material results to be seen from the
presence of Chinese in our midst, be it
Resolved. By the Printing Pressmen's Union
No. 34 of San Francisco, as a measure of pro
tection for its members in their occupation,
and in the interest of all organized workers,
that we demand tho enactment of a law posi
tive in its restrictions against Chinese and all
Asiatics; that the exclusion law known as the
Geary act be rigidly enforced until its expira
tion; that In furtherance of our desires we
pledge our moral, financial and political support
to such candidates and political parties as sig
nify their desires to stop the further inroads of
the Chinese upon American soli, and In this we
ask the support of all who wish to defend the
Interests of the American producers: that we
will oppose by every means at our command
any candidate for public office, any political
party and all legislative or executive action
favorable to the continuance of the Chinese
Invasion, an emigration ruinous to the morals
of the people, detrimental to American pro
ducers and dangerous to the lives and happi
ness of tee American workers.
a. B. BENHAM.
GEORGE MOLOXEY,
JOSEPH ROWAN,
Delegates Printing Pressmen's Union No. 24 to
Anti-Chinese Convention.
November 21, 1901,
J. C. Millan spoke in behalf of the
Cigar-makers' Union.
Senator John F. Davis of Amador pre
sented the report of the committee on
memorials and resolutions. It was re
ceived with cheers. He then moved that
the memorial and the resolutions be
signed by the officers of the convention,
be forwarded to the President, members
of the Cabinet, members of Congress and
California's Representatives in Congress.
In seconding the motion VT. Macarthur
spoke as follows:
A statement was made In the convention by
One of the speakers yesterday that we wanted
the people of Europe to come to this country
It is the position of the organized labor move
ment of the United States that there are peo
ple enough from Europe here now. In that
view it must be distinctly understood that we
are not In the business of excluding Chinamen
to make room for the pauper labor of Souther-
Europe cr other sections of the world.. In re
gard to the commercial interests, which has
been urged as an argument against exclusion,
the position of organized labor is that we are
willing to lose every dollar of our trade with
China to preserve our citizenship and the Ideals
of American life. If to preserve that trade we
have to endanger tha welfare or a single
Labor Is Strongly
Opposed to
Chinese.
American citizen we are willing to sacrifice
every dollar of it. We take this ground: That
if the United States can't trade with China it
can trade with California; that if California
can't sell her products to Chinamen she can
sell them to Californians. There are plenty of
people within the domain of the I'nltsd
to take our products, if they can only get thw
wherewithal to buy them.
Senator Davis then introduced the fol
lowing resolutions, which were adopted:
"Whereas, We recognize in the character and
rapidly increasins numbers of Japanese and
other Asiatic immigrants a menace to the in
dustrial Interests of our people; and whereas,
we believe that the time has arrived when
cognizance should be taken of this condition,
therefore be it
Resolved. By the California Chinese Exclu
sion Convention that the question of Japan
ese and other Asiatic immigration be referred
to the executive committee of this convention.
with instructions to devise and pursue *uoh
steps as may be necessary and advisable to
Continued on Page Eight.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sf i \" V^T lis 7 *^**^'''
rl A * / J^ -
I \^Z^J Fantastic
¦ (| "^wOfVfO stories have
¦ l\\\ te*n written of
11 I I\ V ma ?* c m i frors in
I 1 \ w b lc k c faturc
/I \ was revealed. If
* . " such a thing were
possible many a bright - faced bride
would shrink from the revelation of her-
self, stripped of all her loveliness. If
there is one thing which would make a
woman shrink from marriage it is to see
the rapid physical deterioration which
comes to so many wives. The cause is
generally due to womanly diseases.
Lost health and lost comeliness are
restored by the use of Dr. Pierce' 3 Fa-
vorite Prescription. It cures irregular-
ity and dries, weakening drains. It
heals -inflammation and ulceration, and
cures female weakness.
•nil with the greatest pleasure that I tell
yon what Dr. Pierce 1 * Favorite Prescription and
' Golden Medical Discovery ' have done for me.'
writes Mrs. Emma L. Bankss, of 1952 North 7th .
Street. Harrisburs:. Pa. "They have done me a
world of good. I had female weakness for six
years; sometimes would feel 30 badly I did not
know what to do, but I found relief at last,
thanks to Dr. Pierce for his kind advice.- I have
"this medicine still in my house and will always
keep it."
If you are led to the purchase of ¦
« Favorite Prescription" because of its
remarkable cures of other women, do
not accept a substitute which has none
of these curss to its credit. f
Free. Dr. Pierces Common Sense „ <
Medical Adviser, paper covets, is" sent
free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Or
for cloth-bound volume send 31 stamps.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, BuSalo, N. Y.
34
YUKON PLOT
IS REPORTED
OFFICIALLY
Dominion Government
Makes Public Its
Telegrams.
Investigation of the Conspir
acy Is Carried On for
Weeks.
Superintendent of Mounted Police
TellE in Dispatch of the Appeal
Made to United States
Officials.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 22.— The first
official announcement of the Yukon con
spiracy was made to-day. It was given
out at the Department of the Interior in
Ottawa that since late in September the
Dominion Government has had cognizance
of the plot and was carrying on a vigor
ous investigation. The American officials
in Alaska nad been appealed to. tout had
insisted that tangible proof of tne opera
tions of the conspirators be supplied be
fore they would take action. Tne follow
ing telegram from Superintendent Woods
in Dawson, received by Comptroller Fred
Whyte on November 4. shows now serious
the situation had become:
"Sr.yder reports discovered whereabouts
In Skagway of papers relating to con
spiracy to seize territory. United States
refuse to secure unless Snyder makes aiß
fiavits as to conspirators. This, of course,
Jie cannot. Am satisfied such conspiracy
exists."
Previous to the receipt of this telegram
the Ottawa officials had not regarded the
plot as being so extensive as lateV de
velopments proved. They believed -that
only a handful of disgruntled adventurer?
were involved. Since that date, however,
the* wires between Ottawa and Dawson
have been kept busy.
Warning Given in September.
The first news of the conspiracy reached
Ottawa on September Zl last, when Comp
troller Whyte of the Interior Department
was advised by Superintendent Primrose
of the mounted police in Dawson of a re
port from Seattle that some scheme was
being concocted to seize Canadian terri
tory or. the Yukon. On September 25 Mr:
Whyte again received a message from
Superintendent Primrose saying that he
was unable to confirm the report, al
though it was serious. On September 27
Superintendent Primrose wired that his
previous cipher message referred to the
disputed territory on the Dalton trail, and
that he was sending a mail report.
The promised letter from Superintendent
Primrose arrived on October' 7. Primrose
gave the results of the partial investiga
tion he had made.
It appears that a man named H. Greh!
had told another man In Dawson that he
knew of a conspiracy against the Govern
ment. Grehl had been shadowed by the
police and it was discovered that he had
told several stories about himself: that
he had been in Dawson about a month;
that his conversation was to the effect
that he belonged to a secret organization
which intended to take possession of the
Yukon Territory, its plan being to capture
White Horse and the smaller detachments
of mounted police along the river, when
It would be an easy matter to capture the
barracks in Dawson. He said the organi
zation had representatives in both Seattle
and Skagway and that it expected to be
assisted by men from Circle City and
Eagle City.
Grehl was known by a member of the
mounted police as having been in the gro
cery business in Butte. Mont.
Nothing more was heard of the plot
until November 4. when Comptroller Fred
Whyte received the telegram from Super
intendent Woods in Dawson. declaring
that there was a conspiracy of great di
mensions to seize Canadian territory.
Facts Known in Ottawa.
OTTAWA. Nov. 22.— The story of the
Yukon plot, based upon official reports to
the Minister of the Interior, follows:
"About three weeks ago the police at
Dawson. under the direction of Superin
tendent Woods, shadowed a man whom
they believed to be a suspicious character.
The police got into this man's confidence
end he finally disclosed a plot which he
said had been formed by people in Skag
usy and Seattle. The idea was to rush
the posts in the lower part of the Yukon
and then take possession of the country.
The conspirators reckoned upon the
American citizens in the Yukon not as
sisting the Canadian authorities, so that
the raid, in their opinion, would be com
paratively an easy matter.
"News of the plot was quickly sent
from Dawson to White Horse, and the
police there soon had under surveillance
all suspicious persons. The headquarters
of the conspiracy was located in Skaguay
and it was ascertained who the men asso
ciated with it were and where the papers
bearing upon the plot were kept. There
was nothing, however, to show any overt
set of treason to the United States or
Canada: consequently the authorities
could not take any proceedings. Canadian
officers went down to Skaguay. neverthe
less, and consulted with United States
officers, and concerted action was agreed
upon in case of necessity. In the mean
time the persons connected with the plot
are closely watched."
Forger in the Toils.
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 22.-E. A. Crum,
c. self-confessed forger, if in the County
Jail. He was arrested at McKittrick by
Sheriff Borgwardt. When taken Into cus
tody he was lying in an intoxicated con
dition under some brush. Crum passed
£ our .,J orsecl c "«cks— two on C. W, Pick
ror $65 and $72. one on A. L. Diley for $72
and one on the Commercial Hotel here
for $85. The cherks were forged in the
name of W. S. Brucp of the Oregon Mid
way Oil Company. Crum is an oil well
driller and is in the employ cf the Ore
por. Midway Oil Company. He ascribes
rip downfall to overindulgence in liquor.
Batcsville, Ala.. July 11, 1900. t^
/^jttlf^^W^^^a^ If I amusing Wine of Cardulind Black-Draught and I feel like a dUfertnt woman already. I«m going to vj
/flAui\\\\\\^' J *^£f> US continue using your medicines and am now advising every suffering woman to use them. Several ladies here keep 133
i I kvt\ \r>^ I] v Jw^ PI the medicines in their homes ail the time. I have three girlf. and they are using it with me. Mrs. KATE BROWDER. \|sk
I v^i^^l^/ I *([*% if The coming of womanhood is the .great functional crisis of a woman's life. Mothers who recall l|
' $3fc\v // I I pi th« r own experiences will make every effort to see that their daughters meet it right , Girls who have II
I / l\ I WINE**CARDUI I
t I / \\ H at the age of puberty, develop into healthy, attractive women. The Wine helps a girl to form cor- Hi
I / R\ |§ **** menstrual habits, and upon her early menstrual habits depends the health she will have for all her PI
/ aLI |\\ A life. It relieves her of headache and backache and irregular periods, so common at this time. Under «1
* / ./y^ — *V^\ H its soothing influence she quietly adds the dignity of womanhood to the freshness and charm of girl- f§f
3 / /'/ 1/ I \VV jj?| hood with no shock to her sensitive system. For every trying crisis in a woman's life Wine of Cardui is Hf
%II V^ II \VI the medicine to use. All druggists sell $1.00 bottles of Wine of Cardui. * ." . \§|
\ 1 1 Stanton Depot, Term., June S, 1000. til
B// mla wt\ W* I want to return you a thousand thanks for what Wine of Cardui has done for my daughter. She is up and all  HI
%^ «a' la J HS rfght. After our month's treatment the doctors had done her no good. She fell in weight from 128 to 108 pounds. ET
P& 'S3 Now she weighs more than ever. She is taking the wine yet but she has only used six bottles. - MATTHEW TAYLOR. raj
I* BRI For (KlTice and literature, address, jfivinjf symptoms, "The Ladles' Advisory ~psk'
\fd Jaf& Department", The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Term. " j? m
NAMES CROZIER
ORDNANCE CHIEF
President Selects a Noted
General for High
Rank.
Officers in Other Branches
of the Service Are
Advanced.
WASHINGTON. Nov. .22.-The Presi
dent to-day made the following appoint
ments:
War— William A. Crozier, chief or ord
nance, with rank of brigadier generai.
James Miller, colonel of infantry.
Francis W. Mansfield, lieutenant colo
nel of infantry.
James B. Jackson, major of infantry.
Second lieutenants of infantry: William
E. Roberts, Geurge W England, Edward
J. Bracken, Fraiklin S Leiseming, John
A. Hulen. A. E. Deitch, Leonard T. Ba
ker, Leonard H. Cook, Thomas S. Mor-:
gan Jr.
Eli H. Nuggins, colonel of cavalry.
Earl D. 'lnomus, lieutenant (.Oionel cf
cavalry.
Charies C. Wynn, Charles Mayne and
Frank K. Lynch, second lieutenants of
cavairy.
Beecner B. Ray, paymaster, with rank
of major.
Waidemar A. Cr.rittensen, Herbert
Gunn. Thomas R. Mai shall ajid William
C. LeCompte. assistant surgeons of vol
unteers, with rank 01 captain.
James A. Thomas, second lieutenant ar
allery corps.
Thomas E. iulzer, provisionally first
li^ui^nant. Philippine scouts.
The appointment 01 General Crozier
was made largely upon the recommenda
tion of Secretary Root. General Crozier
has derr.onstriaed his ability in nearly
ivery department of ordnance, and has
shown a wldu knowledge of all affairs
pertaining to his profusion. He was the
military member for the United States
at The" Hague peace conference, and was
largely instrumental in bringing about
the agreement finally reached ror more
humane conduct of war.
General Crosier is a native of Ohio, and
was appointed to the Military Academy
from Kansas in 1372. When he graduated
In 1*76 he entered the artillery and was
transferred to the ordnance department
In ÜBL He became a captain after fuur
ten years' service in 196. During tne.
Spanish War he was appointed a major
and inspector general. During his career
as ordnance officer he has given strictest
attention to guns and gun carriages, and
was a joint inventor with General Buf
fington. who retired to-day, of the Buf
fington-Crozier disappearing gun car
riage.
Seme difference of or-inion exists amor?
army officers as to whether General Crc
zier's appointment 1.: permanent or
whether it is a detail of four years under
the army reorganization law. The opin
ion is expressed by General Corbin that
the appointment is permanent. General
Crozier will not retire until 1919.
SEARCH FOR POISON
IN A CHILD'S REMAINS
Authorities in Hoboken Busy With
the Investigation of a Mys
terious Death.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— The internal or
gans of Emeline Dale, the child who died
in Hoboken early on Tuesday morning
and whose mother is a prisoner charged
with her murder, are now in the posses
sion of Dr. Otto SchuUz of Cornell Col
lege, who will examine them for traces of
poison. The autopsy was performed yes
terday afternoon in Hoboken by Dr.
Schultz, County Physician Converse. Dr.
J. McGill. president of the Jersey City
Police Commission, and Dr. William T.
Kudiich. who attended the child an hour
before her death. After the autopsy the
physicians declined to talk. No report
can be expected for some days. Prior to
the autopsy Coroner Parslow and a jury
of six men formally viewed the body.
The Coroner said the inquest would prob
ably begin about next Tuesday or
Wednesday.
The child's father has not yet arrived
fri-m Chicago, bm Assistant Frosecutor
Vickers says he will come to Hoboken
at the right time. The authorities arc
working to establish a motive for the al
leged crime. The county authorities and
tha Hoboken police are. they claim, forg
ing what they consider a strong chain of
evidence. According to the authorities,
rh^y understand the will of Mrs. Dale's
fattier is =aid to have bpen so drafted
that in case of Emcline's death Mrs. Dale
would be sole beneficiary.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Issued.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.-The Postofflct
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmaster? appointed: California—Ly
man D. Porter. Ballarat. Inyo County,
vice John S. Statler. resigned. Rural free
delivery established January 1. 1902. at
Spokane. "Wash. Postofflces at Paradise
and Moran to be discontinued, mail to
Spokane.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Increase— Edwapd Smith. San Fran
cisco. $10; James H. O'Connor. Santa
Cruz. ?8; Phelps R. Adams. Santa Cruz.
$10: Joshua S. "vTallaop. Fullerton. $17:
James Finley. Soldiers" Home. Los Ange
les. $12. Widows— Alif-e Spawn. San Fran
cisco. $S; Elizabeth Rushby, Sisson. $s.
Mexican War— Mary Lange. San Fran
cisco. JB.
Oregon: Original— Frank Redner. Ore
gon City. $12; John J. Thompson. Baker
City. $«. Increase— Alvin Tarter. Carson
$8; Stephen M. Eby. Park Place. $10.
Widows— Alice E. McMaster. Portland, $8.
Washington: Widows— Mary E. Mace,
Yashon. ft; Jennie Pells. Ballard, $S.
TRENTON, N. J.. Nov. 22.-Ex-Pre»i(Jent
Cleveland returned from a North Carolina,
hunting trip ill to-day and Is threatened with
pneumonia.
LANSING. Mich.. Kov. 22.— Robert C. Ked
zir. professor of chemistry at the Michigan
Agricultural College, wae stricken with par
elyflF while addressing- a class.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
MRS. BONINE DISPLAYS EMOTION
WHEN BLOOD-STAINED SHIRT IS SHOWN
Washington Police Relate Grcumstances of the Mysterious Murder of
James Seymour Ayers Jr* at Kenmore HoteL
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— Five
•witnesses were heard to-day
in the trial of Mrs. Ida Bo
nine for the murder of James
S. Ayers Jr. Four of these
witnesses were policemen who had gone
to Ayers' room after discovery of the
body by employes of the Kenmore Hotel,
and the fifth was W. W. Warfield, who
was proprietor of the hotel at the time
of the tragedy. The policemen testified
to details of the wounds, position of the
body and arrangement of the furniture
in the room. Mr. Warfleld's testimony
was very brief. In response to a question
by Attorney Fulton of Mrs. Bonine's
counsel he said that Mrs. Bonine had
made arrangements to leave the hotel be
fore the tragedy occurred, but both the
question and answer were subsequently
ruled out. It is the intention of the de-
WOMAN WHO IS ON TRIAL AT WASHINGTON CHARGED WITH THE MURDER OF JAMES SEYMOUR AVERS
JR.. A CENSUS CLERK. THE CRIME "v^AS MOST MYSTERIOUS, A FIRE ESCAPE BEING USED BY THE
ASSASSIN TO ENTER AND LEAVE THE VICTIM'S ROOM.
fense to call Warfield for the purpose of
eliciting information from him on this and
other points in Mrs. Bonine's behalf.
Only once during the day did Mrs. Bo
rine display emotion, and 'that was when
the bloody undershirt which had been
worn by Ayers on the night of the kill
ing was identified by Officer Brady.
Mrs. Bonine's party was augmented to
day by the addition of her brother. I*. S.
Grant Henry, -who had come from his
home in Mispouri in order to be present
with his sister during the trial. Mrs.
Bonine's two young son? also were pres
ent, as were her husband and her sister.
Mrs. Meacham.
Tells of the Tragedy.
Policeman Walter S. Brady was thp first
witness called. He was on duty near the
Kenmore Hotel on the morning that Ay
ers' body was discovered and was sum
moned to the hotel by the proprietor. W.
W. Warfield. He had. under Warfield's
instructions, forced open the door of Ay
ers' room. The door was bolted, and not
locked. The witness described the condi
tion of the room and of the body. Three
wounds were fov.nd upon the body, one
being in the breast, another in the arm
and a third in the thigh.
The bed looked. Brady said, as if some
one had lain in it and had got up,
throwing the cover back. There was only
one Indentation In the pillow. The wit
nfss said that a pistol and a small single
barreled shotgun lay on a trunk in the
room and that the barrel and the cham
bers of the pistol were covered with blood.
The pistol was exhibited to Brady and
identified by him.
There was a pool of blood, the witness
said, on the floor. Blood stains were also
on the window sill and baseboard and
on the rocker. On a table in the room
there were nine cartridges lying loose.
The gas was burning when he entered
the room, but was turned low. The lower
sash of the one window in the room was
up as far as it could go. The strlne on
the window shade was covered with blood
as if it had been drawn through bloody
fingers.
Garment Stained With Blood
in concluding his examination in chief
of the witness District Attorney Gould
put in evidence the undershirt found on
the body of Ayers. It was well stained
with blood. The sight of the garment ap
parently affected the prisoner more than
any preceding incident in the course of
the trial.
On cross-examination Officer Brady said
a boy had first notified him of the tragedy.
Mrs. Bonine's oldest Fon was told to
stand up and Lawyer Douglass asked the
witness if he was the messenger. The
witness failed to identify him. H* had
r.ot noticed any finger prints on the pistol
he found in the room. The blood on the
handle was unappreciable in quantity. Ho
had, however, discovered what he Re
lieved to be finger-prints on the window
sill. The detached piece of the window
sill was exhibited and identified by the
witness, who said the blood stains were
more distinct on the morning of May 15
than now.
Brady said in reply to other questions
by Douglass that the loose pistol car
tridges found on the table were of 38
caliber. the same as those found in the
revolver. In that weapon there were three
loads and three empty shells. He said
the bed as shown in the photographs of
Ayers' room was much more disordered
than when he first went to the room, but
he did not know who had disturbed it be
fore the photograph was made. Douglass
brought out the fact that the top button
hole of Ay|rs' undershirt was torn out.
Shot at Close Range.
Brady was excused and Policeman Ful
ton Wolfe was called. He had entered
the building with Officer Brady. His
testimony covered much the same ground
as that of the preceding witness and was
largely corroborative of it.
The pictures of the room, he said,
showed a number of articles on the floor
which were not there at the time. He
had seen no hairpins on the floor.
Policeman Williams was called. He
corroborated the statements of his
brother officers. He also said that blood
stains on the pistol Indicated that it had
been grasped around the chambers by a
bloody hand.
The witness said he had discovered no
evidence of any struggle. He made a
reply in the negative, as Officers Brady
and Wolfe had done, when asked if he
had discovered any hairpins on the floor.
On cross-examination he said he had
noticed the torn condition of the upper
buttonhole of Ayres' shirt and he added
that the corresponding button was hang
ing by a thread. There were also powder
marks about the wounds on Ayres' body,
indicating that he was shot at close
range.
The next witness was W. W. Warfield.
who was the proprietor of the Kenmore
Hotel when the homicide occurred there.
He said that Ayres occupied room 20 in
the main building, and Mrs. Bonine and
her family roomed in 69 and 70 in the an
nex, but on the same floor.
The court adjourned until Monday to
give the attorneys in the case an oppor
tunity to prepare themselves for the
work in hand.
HORROR COMES
AFTER DISASTER
Eight Mine Inspectors
Are Lost in a Gas
Filled Shaft.
BLUEFIELDS. W. Va., Nov. 22.-At 11
o'clock this morning Superintendent Wai
ter O'Molley of the Pocahontas Collieries
Company, along with State Mine Inspec
tor William Priest, A. S. Hurst, chief coal
inspector for the Castnor, Curran and
Bullet Company of Philadelphia; Robert
St. Clair. chief coal inspector; Morris St.
Clair and William Oldham, sub-coal in
spectors; Frazier G. Bell, mining engi
neer; Joseph Vardwell, manager of the
Shamokin Coal and Coke Company of
Maybury, W. Va., composing a party of
eight, entered the West mine of the South
west Virginia Improvement Company's
collieries for the purpose of learning the
true situation in regard to the recent ex
plosion and fire in the Baby mine and
up to this hour, 12 o'clock midnight have
not been heard from.
It was supposed that the Baby property
had been cut off from the West mine for
the purpose of operating the West mine.
The large fan in the West mine had been
started at an early hour this morning and
at 11 o'clock to-day it was thought that
all gases originating from the fire In the
Baby mine had been forced from the main
portion and it was considered safe to
enter.
At 6 a. m. a party consisting of expe
rienced miners, led by Assistant Superin
tendent King, entered the mine to rescue
the lost party of eight, but at 6:45 they
returned, having encountered such a
quantity of blackrlamp as to make tt im
possible to proceed any distance into the
mine. Assistant Superintendent King was
completely overcome by the gas encoun
tered and is now in a critical condition.
A consultation is now being held In the
company's offices at Pocahontas by the
different mining experts from the Flat
Top fields, these experts having been
rushed to Pocahontas by a special train
late this afternoon. All efforts are being
used to recover the bodies of the inspir
ing party, but no hope is entertained that
any of them will be recovered alive. The
secretary and treasurer of the South
western Virginia Improvement Company
C. S. Thorne of Philadelphia, is directlY
in charge of all movements at the mints!
The fire that originally started in the
Baby mine last Thursday morning and
which was supposed to have been under
control, is now burning fiercely. All the
members of the lost party are prominent
in the coal field and the excitement now
prevailing at Pocahontas is Intense, busi
ness having been practically suspended
All members of the party are married
some having large families.
¦}. ¦WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— Frank Chandler of
Manchester and Ben ,Tillett •of London, frater
nal delegates from the British .Trades Union
Congress ¦• to : the annual convention of the
American ¦ Federation of - Labor :at Seranton
Pa., which opens ¦ December 5. arrived here to
day.".,.; ¦'¦;>. ¦ >. ; ¦ ¦ . . ¦
DEPRIVES CITY
OF ITS RULER
Governor Makes Things
Interesting for Pitts
burg.
Second Upheaval in Six
Months Is Caused by
Politico
PITTSBURG, Nov. 22.— For the second
time within six months the city govern
ment of Pittsburg is about to undergo an
entire change.
Major A. M. Brown, appointed City Re
corder last April by Governor Stone, has
been requested to step down and out by
the chief executive of the State and J. O.
Brown, Director of Public Safety under
the old regime, will assume the duties of
the office. The change in the Recorder's
office will be followed by the restoration
to their old places of the one hundred or
more city officials recently removed by
Major Brown.
The upheaval is the result of a fight
for control of the city government which
has been going on for nearly a. year be
tween the "Stalwart" Republicans and
the old Republican organization under
the leadership of State Senator William
The letter of dismissal from the Gov
ernor was received by Major Brown last
night, and in the same mall came the
notice to former Director J. O. Brown of
his appointment. The new Recorder's
commission has not yet arrived and he
will hardly take the oath of office before
next Monday, as he cannot qualify until
after the approval of his bond by the
Governor. In the meantime the city will
likely be left without an executive head,
for the reason that the Governor's notice
of removal was effective upon receipt of
it by Major Brown.
I D'RB and fi 1
&j( By IRVING BACHELLER Author of EBEN HOLDEN J©
34 125ttl THOUSAND ' With 8 Drawings by F. C. Yohn. Price $1 50 1^
3g Hon. WM. DE WITT HYDE, £§?
K£S CEORCE F. HOAR President of Bowdoin College, 1©
HL (U.S. Senator) says: «W ays of " D'ri and I " : ~, gT<
m HAVE read it with "MM and v out loud> or
£fc THA\E read it with Wand I* out loud. SL
Jg J. great pleasure and ap- V ¥ Our boy of fourteen Sj
f» proval. \ our pictures gave us no peace' until it was |§3
*• of the Yankee countrymen finished, and we have all en- iS$
VS of the elder generation have joyedj oved it great i v . It is a story %0
A£ nothing of exaggeration or of'interest and humor, which 5#
ogx caricature in them. I was carries with it splendid lessons «
«- born and bred among such of brave character, true pa- &S
» people in old Concord." triotism. and pure love." £«?
Fe s — — ~ — ™ g^
LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY, BOSTON £§
M California
Limited
Leaves San Francisco dally
9:00 a. m.
I
New equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every detaJl,
makes it the finest transcon-
tinental train.
75 hours to Chicago, and 10
limit to the good things for
your comfort.
Office— 64l Market street and
at Ferry.
The Santa Fe,
STRICTURE
Skeens Painless Stricture Curs eradicates eVery
' trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing from the
Start, allaying inflammation and enlargement
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lest Vitality.
INo cutting, dilating, drugging or bougies. We
' positively guarantor » thorough, painless and
permanent cure in every case, and you can
¦ Pay When Cured.
We mean just what we say, and it cost* nothing
to investigate. Our remedy is a direct local ap-
' plication to the affected parts, and is absolutely
harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
. any address, our interesting book, "An Honest
Talk;' containing many testimonials, also, a
rope is days'
r Ci Ei TRIAL TREATMENT.
P. A. SKEEM C 0.122 Atlas Bank Bldg., Cincinnati^
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
§ MB 1051 ST.ttt. S.r.Cal. I
\ fcj , Th Larrest Anatomical Museum in the \
m »*tfe^. Wo ' 111 - Weakne«e» or any contracted M
A Rial **"'«-.*«'«''"- | yc»r»*h y theol<l«3t f
© fIX I tpea^ 1 '" <"> tie Coast. Est. 36 years. 0
iflgfgft DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
I wOl Consultation free and strictly print; \
I uVI 4 ™ 611 * personally nr by letter. A m
BIF » H ****** Cvr in eTer undertaken. W
Til 11 ft Wr; « for Book. PHILOSOPHY mt A
'¦fl I* afAI»«IASE. MAILED FREE. (AT
A £ Or valuable book for mra) \
f 08. JORDAN CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. r. V
fib - CHtCHESTCR'S GNGLISH
PEH^VRGYaL PILLS
fl' •
-^^3^5 rM me dj a for Gonorrhoea,
MSgW tUHti whites, unnatural d'al
jpjßV in 1 to 5 d»ji. W charges, or any inflamma-
VsCT Guaranteed to **• «9 » ritatioa or ulcera-
|» \ FttTsat eoßiacion. t' 01 * of mucous mem-
BtmEvjuis ChEWCALCO. bb ™ litrla1 itrIa « e at-
VBaIciHSiKNATi.Q.— SoU * **
fßk U 8. a. *^MF S r Bent in plaln wrapper,
<MbWL' by "P™*". Prepaid. 7or
TL^Daii'UJjtf^ Jl Ji°°', or 3 bottles, «3.75.
>^MBMM»^y Circular sent on request.
ALASKAN INDIANS
SIGHT A WRECK
Find No Sign of Life
Aboard Hulk of
Schooner.
Anxiety in Seattle Over the
Non-Appearance of the
John A. Dong.
VICTORIA, B. C. Nov. 22.— The Juneau
Dispatch of November 14 reports that the
steamer Yukon arrived there, bringing
word that Hoonah Indians came aboard
the vessel in Glacier Bay and said they
had seen the wreck of a schooner, with
a boy's jacket, a messbox and a jack
screw on the hulk. There were no signs
of life, and it is believed all on board
have rterished 1 .
SEATTLE, Nov. 22.— The long overdue
steamer Elmore, thirty-five days out* from
Nome, will reach port within the next
few Jays. She is reported as having been
spoken by the steamer Discovery on No
vember l:i. For thirty-six hours previous
to November 11 the Discovery had been
wintlbound at Kyak. A fierce storm was
raging, but apparently the Elmore weath
ered the blow in good shape.
Some speculation is growing regarding
the non-appearance of the schooner John
A. Long, also from Nome. None of the
recently returning craft from, the north
spoke ttie vessel south of Dutch Harbor.
On October 5 the schooner was entering
that port in distress, short of provisions
and water. The vessel had ninety fcaa
sengers aboard, and while no grave fears
are entertained for her safety it is be
believed that some discomfort wilL result
from the long voyage and the storms she
encountered since leaving Dutch Harbor
within two weeks after November 5.
ADVERTISE3CENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
Hamlinrg Bremen Firi?
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY OS THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for the*
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the orovisions of Section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSET!*
Cash Market Value of *1 Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company $1,299,358 23
Amount of Loans secured by pledge /
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 65.000 00
Cash in Banks 93,724 84
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 128,394 94
Total Assets $1,586.975 83
LIABILITIES. =
Losses adjusted and unpaid $12,446 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
la Suspense SS.IH (M
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 16.530 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $388,134 95:
reinsurance 50 per cent 453.P67 4»
' Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $340.-
721 81; reinsurance pro rata 807,327 J7
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 84,949 7»
Total Liabilities t1,0T7,394 34
INCOME. • =====
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,311,099 S3
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 83,920 8»
Total Income J1.387,W> a
EXPENDITURES. =====
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $98,369 18. losses of previous
years) ." $794, 1 M S3
Paid or allowed 'or Commission or
Brokerage '• 254.58* tt
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 118 111 21
Paid for State. National and Local •***"»
taxes 40.079 44
All other payments and expenditures, i 84.373 79
Total Expenditures $1,201,347 gi>
¦ Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $733,338 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ~*
written during the
yes-r $133,443,173 $1.810, 70« «0
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year .:........ 112.413.55J 1,359.777 77
Net amount In force
December 31. 190».... 15«. !50, 2« 1.306.858 7«
F. O. AFFELD. Resident Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this sth
day of February. 1901
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Commissioner for California in New York.
RUDOLPH HEROLO Jr.,
Ceneral Agent.
HARRY C. BOYD.
Assistant Cenera! Agent,
415 CALIFORNIA STREET,
San Francisco. Caf.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Priea List* Mailed
on Application.
COAL. COKE AN > PIT IROTT.
I CWH CftV & fft 90 ° Cattery Street.
J« C- WIL3UII iX VU«» Telephone Main 1364.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS FtJYFs V Cl\ Shipping Butchers, 104
JA?- LUIC3SWU- clay. TeL Main 1394.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1713. •
PRINTINQ.
E. C. fiUGfIES, v PKINTER. 3. p.
V.' lIL'IJICJ, 5 u Salome st.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- CO..
¦ 23 First street. San Francisco.
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per YearWESTERN UNION
OFFICIAL HERE
Colonel Olowry Arrives
on His Tour of In
spection. ,
Remarkable Growth of Busi
ness an Index to Pros
perity.
Colonel Robert C Clo-wry of Chicago,
vice president and general superintendent
of the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany, arrived last evening from Southern
California on a tour of inspection and is
the guest of Frank Jaynes, superintendent
of the Pacific Coast district of the West
ern Union, at his home, 2507 California
street. . -
Colonel dowry's party, consisting of
himself. C H. Bristol, superintendent of
construction of the western division; F.
J. Scherrer, secretary to Colonel Clowry;
Mrs. H. D. Estabrook, sister of Colonel
Clowry, and her daughter, Miss Esta
brock. are traveling in the Western Union
car. -Electric 1 ' They cam© from Chicago
via St. Louis Kansas City, El Paso, Los
Angeles and Santa Barbara. Superintend
ent Jaynes joined them ax Kansas City.
Colonel Clowry is in charge of all the
Western Union system west of the States
cf New York and Pennsylvania and north
of the Ohio River and west of the Mis
sissippi. There are 14,000 offices in his
territory. He said last night:
The growth of our business in San Fran
cisco and on tiie Pacific Coast lias been very
remarkable during- the last few years, and, as
our business Is a criterion of general business
conditions, that rr:wLh shows tremendous
etrides lor the coast. Our business in Saa
Francisco ha* Increased 40 per cent during
the last year. Ban Francisco is now the fifth
city la the United States in local Western
Union receipts — Sew York. Chicago. St. Louis
end Boston only standing: ahead of it— and It
Is crowding- Breton for the fourth place.
The acquisition of Hawaii and the Philip
pines -•.as Quickened trade on the coast, par
ticularly in San Francisco, and has added
enormously to oar business. Then our Im- [
proved service has mad* possible speculation j
in Saruerri market* &nd has built uc a busi
ness in that direction ttiat was almost un
knerra five years aito.
I cas notice also. a Cec24ea giuwth In popula
tlon and commercial and industrial development
cf the State since I Tra.ll here three years ago.
Out business all over th* coast has developed
faster than in any »ther part »f the country. !
Th* devekroiaent o' Alaska has added to our !
northern business, while the general growth of
eoctbern California arid th« presence there o*
*>o many wealthy tourists have made a marked
Increase in ocr Irusinees there.
\Te have Jnrt completed a wire from CM
ca*r to Ean Francisco via Dallas. El Paso.
the Dfbern Pacific and l<os Angeles, and are
ti-uHdinp another vta the Santa Fe. through
AJbtKjuenrue and the Southern Pacific.
"We are usine copper entirely and are build- i
Ing nerr lines as fart ac we can ret the cop- I
P«"- "V>> now have five great transcontinental j
Jrnes— thng the Great ICortliem. the Northern
ParlS-c. the Union Paclnc. tie Southern Pa
cific ana Use Santa F>e_ Mr. Jaynes' district.
•that of the Pacific Coa«. ranks close to the
front of the «lrht districts of my division and
its r^pid rrcrrth promise* coon to give it the
verr first ln^«niM-nr^
Altar an Inspection of the offices here
Colonel Clcnrrr will proceed to Portland
and Seattle aad possibly to Vancouver. :
He will return to Chicago by way of Salt j
Lake and Denver.
BAB-RIS SFEAX ON
ISSUES OF THE TIMES
Interesting Friday-Night Addrassas
by Hey. "Drs. Voorsangfer cud
Nieto.
"The oppressor is a criminal." said
Kabbi Voorsanger at the Temple Emanu-
El last night. In part he said:
The etmplest elernerts In social life exist
¦vrijerp men congregate- m the same plane, but
in lircs congregating they sacrifice some of
their personal liberty. The ba>is of common
action, not Individual action, rests on sacri
fice. ICatlcnal Interest commands a common
Interest. Let the -word of God or the word o?
the fclr.ir Ftand for what it may, both stand
for authority. Perfect liberty belongs only to
the savage, to the [dUui who roams the
plates.; Civilized man surrenders that which
makes perfect liberty in order to better the so
cial conditions of the world.
If freedom of speech ¦were used properly it
vrouU be the greatest of all benefactors. Free
coir. of speech too often becomes the passion of
fpeeeh. To caricature in my opinion Is a
crime.
"Reasonableness of Liberal Attitude
Toward Other Faith?" was the subject of
Rabbi Xieto's address last evening. He
f.'iid (1 was not right tc denounce other
faiths based solely on historical facts. In
si", religions good is to be found and abso
lute supremacy can be claimed In no par
ticular faith.
When faith Is stripped from the super
natural and universal trm_h becomes the
ultimate, then only will the religion of
mankind be universal in tone and sub
stance.
NETT YORK, Nov. 2.— Kin^s County
Grand Jury returned an Indictment to-day
epair.Ft Goer?" Zolinhoff. the teller of the Wll
jierr-fhars Pavines Bark. who confessed that
he and a fellow employe robbed the institution
of (GUCCI
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE RIGHT THINGS
A New Catarrh Cure, Which Is
Rapidly Coming to the F-ont.
For several years. Eucalyptol Gualcol
BTid Hydra stin have been recognized as
standard r'-m^ies for catarrhaJ troubles,
bur they have always been given sepa-
lately and only very recently an ingenious
st succeeded in combining them, to-
t v.ith other antiseptics, into a
:ect;ve tablet.
Dj-uj . the remedy under the
i.ame of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets and it
remarkable success In the
<-ure of nasal catarrh, bronchial and
. : : and in catarrh of the
= eh.
Mr. F. N. Benton, whose address is care
of Clark House. Troy. X. V., says: "When
I run up against anything that is good I
like to t<r!l people of it. I have been
.I'd with ca.-irrh more or less for
time. Last winter more than ever.
Tried several eo-ca led cures, but did not
get any benefit from them. About .-ix
c ago I bought a 60 cent bex of Stu-
> atarrh Tablets- and am glad to say
hry have done wonders for me and
I do not hesitate to et all my friends
know that Stuart's C itarrh Tablets are
cht thing."
Mr. Geo. J. Casanove of Hotel Griffon,
West 9th Ftreet, New York City, writes:
"I have commenced uMng Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets and alrtady they have
given me better result* Than any catarra
r jre I have ever tried."
A leading physician of Pittsburg advises
the use of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets in
preference to any other treatment for
catarrh of the head, throat or stomach.
He claims they are far superior to ln-
>, salvee, lotione or powder, and are
much more convenient and pleasant to
take and are so harmless that little chil-
•£_ke them with benefit, as they con-
:-o opiate, cocaine or any poisonous
drugs.
An druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
letr at 50 cents for full size package and
tey are probably the safest and moßt
reliable cure for any form of catarrh. '
ftOPVRIGHT 1901 X* 5^ ft YJ iTTT f*,^rrQg^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^***"*'*™'**^™*™^^^^^^^^^^™Bflßfflßfl *
AUSTRALIA ARRIVES FROM TAHITI
AFTER AN UNEVENTFUL VOYAGE
THE Oceanic Steamship Com
pany's Australia arrived from Ta
hiti yesterday. She was a day
late in getting away from tae
islands owing- co having to wait
for the French mail. The voyage to San
Francisco was ur.ovem.ful, the only break
in the routine being the sighting of th 3
British ship Euphrates, from Cardiff to
Honolulu, November 1& in latitude 10
degrees 10 minutes ;icrth, longitude IS 7
degrees 40 minutes w*sf, and the German
bark Slam, - November 20, in latitude £9
degrees 44 minutes north, longitude 128
degrees 14 minutes west, bound for San
Diego,.- : : . : . ttfJEj 9j \:_ " • -^.; !
The Australia brines * up- a cargo of
copra, cocoanuts, fungus and vanilla
beans. The following passengers also
came up on her:
Silas Alice Allen and Miss Edna Allen, Count
Daniel Deladouespe and ¦wife, Eugene Gallols,
Herman. Menel. Ju'igr; Victor Vidal, wife and
child and H. Walker.
Second and third cabin— Etienne Daugas,
Brother Throseas, Dominlgue Bernole, Jean A.
Equlble, wife and three children. Phllbsrt
Truchet and -wife and J. L. Walters.
Three Chinese on th'.ir way home also
came up.
The Count and Countess Deladouespe
are making a tour of the world, and the
Miseea Allen are returning from a visit
to Tahiti. Judge Vidal ft going on a visit
to France and will return' in a few
months. Nearly all the- ethers are going
home to remain. The Australia will dis
charge her cargo as quickly as i possible,
and will then 30 to the sugar refinery to
coal for the return voyage.
HANDSOMEST VESSEL EH PORT.
That Is What People Say About the
Lady Wentworth.
The British four-n -i-Ftc-d bark Lady
Wentworth, now lying at Lombard-street
wharf, is called by people aior.g the front
"the handsomest vessel in port." She
certainly is a beaatifu! ship, and no ex
pense was spared in building- and fitt'.ng
her out. The captain.- quarters are the
equal of those of any ocean liner afloat,
while the crew's quarters are well sup
plied. All the latest appliances a.re to
be found on the vesse!, and Captain Mur
chte is Justly proud vt her.
This is the first visit of the Lady Went
worth to San Francisco, and Captain
Murohie has not been here for fourteen
years or more. On nis former visit he
was master of the British ship Peter
borough, but left her to superintend the
construction of his present command.
The vessel has been chartered to load
wheat for Europe, ami as soon as her
freight is discharged sfte will go to Port
Costa to take aboard a cargo of grain.
Cigar-Store Burglar Caught.
Frank Sebrig was ca eight in the act of
burglarizing the cigar stand at the corner
of Sacramento and Market streets at an
early hour yesterday morning. He
climbed over the iron "rate that protects
the place, and after securing everything
he could pack away he climbed back
again, but was caught by Officers Gwynn
and Green when he reached the ground.
He had five boxes of cigars, under his
arm, but as H. Dabelstein, who runs the
place, says that there are four bottles
of snuff and several nundles of stogies
missing, the police think the prisoner
had a confederate. Sebrig is 18 years of
age arid says he is a laborer. He was
charged at the Harbor Police Station
with burglary.
Water Front Notes.
The wreckage seen by the schooner
Vega is supposed to have been the deck
load of ties washed overboard from the
National City when uhe was off Point
Reyes a few "days ago.
Captain Lewis of the Anglesey has been
ordered home, as he js very sick, and
Captain Thompson, formerly master of
the Bacchus, but lateiy chief officer of
the Afon Alaw. has succeeded him. Cap
tain Lewis will go h-/::.o by way of New
York.
The Naval Reserve training ship Ma
rion was docked at Kclsom-street wharf
No. 2 yesterday. She will remain there
in the future. It is expected that the bat
talion will be very muc& benefited by the
change.
Of the overdue fleet, the Anglia, now
out 140 days from Newcastle, Australia,
for Panama. w«nt to 55 per cent. The Che
halis and Prince Albert, both went to 30
per cent. The other rates are unchanged
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Metropolis Is chartered for
wheat at Tacoma. for Europe. 85s, chartered
prior to arrival.
The schooner Stanley will load redwood at
Eureka for Kahului.
Wheat tor Europe.
The French bark Empereur Menelick sailed
yeeterday for Queenstown for orders with 61,512
ctls wheat valued at (62,537 and 20,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage valued at $390.
The Umatllla's Cargo.
Tilt steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
Brings Up a Cargo of Copra, Cocoanuts, Fungus and Vanilla Beans
and a Rather Small Number of Cabin Passengers.
THE BRITISH SHIP LADY WENTWORTH, WHICH SEAFARING MEN CALL THE HANDSOMEST VESSEL IN
PORT. THIS IS HER FIRST VISIT TO SAN FRANCISCO, BUT SHE WAS ON THE OREGON COAST LAST
YEAR. SHE WILL LOAD WHEAT FOR EUROPE.
Victoria with merchandise for British Colum
bia valued at $22,638; Australia, 11777; Massa
chusetts, J970. The principal shipments to
British Columbia were as follows: 2'J,31() n>s
raisins. 39,185 rbs malt, 33 pkgs hardware, 15
cs 534 gals wine. 3010 lbs bread. 243 cs canned
goods, 122 lbs coffee, 3029 lbs beans, 5 cs eggs.
32 cs drugs. 5 bales twine, 104 ca paste. 7 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 12,336 lbs dried' fruit
20,078 It>s oil cake meal, 6 pkgs dry goods 19
pkgs honey. 3140 lbs mlllstuffs. 457 pkgs fresh
fruit and vegetables, 2964 Tbs nuts. 61 cs arms
and ammunition, 50 pkgs steel. 8666 rbs yellow
metal, 2097 pigs lead, 6 pkgs machinery, 250
tins matches.
The following were the shipmenfs to Aus
tralia and Massachusetts:
To Australia — 4650 lbs codfish, 50 cs canned
goods, 11,446 Tba hops.
To Massachusetts— 97o cs salmon.
Notice to Mariners.
STRAIT OF JUAN DE FUCA, WASHING
TON.
Notice is hereby given that the Point Part
ridge bell buoy, a red. nun-shaped, latticework
body, surmounted by a bell, located about one
mile to the westward of Point Partridge, was
reported as not sounding on November 18. It
will be repaired «r replaced as early as prac
ticable.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1901," page 72.
By order of the lighthouse board.
W. P DAT
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, November 21.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monterev
etc.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Kej-es.
Friday, November 22.
Ptmr Australia, Lawless, 12 days from Ta
hiti.
Stmr Navarro, Olscn, 20 hours from Hardy
Creek.
.Stinr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino, etc.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 36 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr "Whitesboro, Olsen, 17 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Cocuille River, Hansen, 22 hours from
Fort Bras*.
Stmr laq.ua, Gunderson 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 72 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Smith, 12 hours from
Amesport.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, 5 hours from Coqullle
River.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. 27 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put In to land passen
gers.
CLEARED.
Friday, November 22.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
rownsend: Goodall. Perkins A Co.
ABVEBTISEMENTS.
Bark Gerard C Tobey, Honolulu: Welch
& Co.
Fr bark Emoereur Menelick, Turbe, Queens
town; Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, November 21.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, Portland.
Friday, November 22.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Ladysmlth.
Bark Chas B Kenney, Holmquist, Sallna
Cruz.
Fr bark Empereur Menelick, Turba, Queens
town.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Australia— Nov 16, lat 10 10 N, lon
137 40 W, Br ship Euphrates, from Cardiff, for
Honolulu.
Nov 20, lat 29 04 N, lon 12S 14 W— Gpr bark
Slam, from San Diego, for San Francliico.
Nov 2. lnt 23 N. lon 127 W— Br ship East
Indian, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Oct 14, lat 3 40 N, lon 117 W— Br ship En
gelhoru. hence Sept 19, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Nov 22— Ger bark Atalanta, from
Hamburg for Santa Rosalia, was damaged in
River Elbe. Forepart full of water. Towed
back to Hamburjr.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 22, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT B#AKELEY— Sailed Nov 21— Bktn
John Smith, for San Francisco; schr Wm H
Smith, for Callao. •
Arrived Nov 21— Schr Fannie Dutard. from
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Empire,
hence Nov 19.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 22— Bark
Carondelet, from Callao, for Port Gamble;
schr Salvator, from San Pedro, for Port Town
send; schr Compeer, from Hilo, for Port Gam
ble; schr Carrier Dove, from Callao.
Sailed outward Nov 22— Ship C F Sargent,
from Seattle, for San Francisco.
Passed in Nov 22— Schr Albert Meyer, from
Redondo, for Ballard.
Arrived Nov 22— Schr Compeer, from 51110
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 22— Schr Azalea
and stmr Pasadena, for Eureka: stmr W H
Kruger, for Snn Francisco.
Arrived Nov 22— Stmr South Coast, from Al
bion, and sailed for .
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr State of
California, from San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 22— Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Nov 22— Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr
Luella, hence Nov 21.
Sailed Nov 22— Stmr Ruth, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Czarina.
hence Nov 18: schr Nellie Colman, from .
Nov 22— . Tan stmr Klnphiu Maru, from Hong
kong: ship Eclipse, hence Nov 14.
Sailed Nnv 22. 2:30 p m— Stmr South Port
land, ?nr Sim Francisco.
EVERETT— SaiIed Nov 22— Bktn Aurora, for
Tacoma. . . .
Arrived Nov 22— Schr Salvator, from San
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 22— Br ship Alexander
Black, for Queenstown.
Arrived Nov 22— Bktn Aurora, from Everett.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 22— Br bark Metropo
lis, from Aculpo, Chile; Br bark Pass of Mel
fort, from Santa Rosalia.
NEW WHATCOM— SaiIed Nov 22— Schr Fear
less, for Shanghai.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 22— Bark Car
ondelet, from Callao.
REDONDO— Salted Nov 25— Schr Stimsen, for
Ballard.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Nov 21.
Arrived Nov 22 — Stmr Fulton, hence Nov 21.
Sailed. Nov 22— Stmr Noyo. for San Pedro.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared Nov 21— Bark
Nuuanu, for Honolulu, and parsjd down to
Delaware Breakwater.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MELBOURNE— SaiIed Nov 16— Br ship An
calos, for Portland.
SALAVERRY— Arrived Nov 19— Schr Annie
M Oamnbell, from Port Ludlow.
TAHITI— In port Oct 6— Fr gunboat Zelee,
Fr transport Durance.
ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived Nov 22— Br stmr
Belgian King, hence Sept 19. for Antwerp.
Pl'KZ— Arrived Nov 22— Spanish stmr Monte
video, from Manila, for ¦.
FLUSHING — Passed Nov 20— Br ship Clan
Galliralth, from Queenstown, for .
NEWCASTLE, Aus-Arrived Nov 7— Br bark
Pomona, from Alßoa Bay.
RIO DE JANElßO— Arrived Nov 21— Br Btmr
Flintshire, hence Oct 4, for Antwerp.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Oct 31— Nor stmr Tiger,
for Oregon.
SANTA ROSALIA— SaiIed Nov 4— Br ship
Falklandbank. for Oregron.
VALPARAISO— SaiIed Nov s— Ger stmr Ser
apls, for Hamburg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from Hamburg, Boulogne and Ply
mouth.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Nov 22— Stmr Waes
land. for Philadelphia: stmr Island, for Bos
ton; both from Liverpool.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco., Cal.,
November 22, 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
"W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant, U. S. Navy, in Charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tho height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23.
Sun rises S;SS
-j . f
Sun Bets , 4:54
Moon Bets 3:68 a. m.
- Time ' Time I Tims Time
Date - Ft. Ft. Ft. tt — — Ft.
L W H "VV . L W H W
23 .. 2:12 1.9 8:36 6.2 3:20—0.4 10:11 4.7
24 .. 3:02 2.1 9:19 6.5 4:09 —0.9 11:10 4.8
25 .. 3:48 2.2 10:04 6.7 6:00—1.3
HWL.W H W L W
26... 0:03 4.9 4:33 2.7 10:4. ) 6.7 5:44—14
27 .. 0:55 4.9 5:24 2.8 11:32 6.6 6:33—1.4
28 .. 1:48 4.9 6:17 3.0 12:25 6.3 7:24—1.1
29 .. 2:39 5.1 .7:15 3.0 1:19 5.9 8:14—
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tidea
the early morning tides are given in the left
liand column and the successive tides of the
day in the. order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when therp are but three tides, a.s
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus <— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Robt. Dollar... Seattle & Hadlock [Nov. 23
Hyades New York via PanamajXov. 23
San Pedro Humboltit 'Nov. "3
Eureka Humboldt Nov ~>i
Rival Willapa Harbor Nov. 23
City of Puebla Pueet Sound .Forts un'ov. '£i
Totmes Seattle (Nov. 23
Meteor Oyster Harbor Nov. 24
State of Cal... San Diego Jfe Way Pts. Nov. J4
Pal<»na Valparaiso & Way Pts Nov. 2»
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro jNov. L't
Washtenaw Tacoma Not. £
San;a Ana Seattle & Tacoma.- \Sivt. : a
Emp'.rs Coos Bay Nov. £J
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Nov. 23
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Nov. 2.i
Pomona HumbolUt ,Nov 26
South Portland Seattle , Nov. 26
Doric China and Japan iNov. 26
G. \V. Elder... Portland & Astoria Nov. 2G
Curacao Mexican Ports N'ov 27
North Fork.... Humboldt Nov. 27
Acme San Pedro Nov °7
Walla Walla.. Puget teaad Ports Nov! 23
Santa Rosa.... Stin Diejjo & Way Pts. Nov. 28
Point Arena... Point Arena Nov M
Corona San Ped.o & Way Pts.'Xov. 28
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma INov. 30
Argyll Panama & Way Ports. 'Dec. 1
Columbia Portland & Astoria 'Dec 1
Coronado Grays Harbor !d»c" 1
J. S. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma. (Dec 1
TO SAIL.
¦' Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
• •'•'¦ November 23.
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pra Pier 2
Kalnter Seattle ft N. What. spm Pier 2
Ramses Hamburg & Way. . —pm Pier 27
Arcata Coos B. & Ft. Orf d 4 Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier S
Corona ... Newport & Way... 9am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point . Arena 2 pm Pier 1
China , — China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Alameda..... Honolulu' 2 pm Pier 7
November ;j-J. i
W. H. Kruger Ttllamook 8ar.....! 12 "m Pier 13
Santa Rosa.. ! San Diego & Way. 9 amjFler 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 4
November 23. I
laqua... Humboidt ¦10 am Pier —
Eureka HumDuldt i a ami Pier 13
November 26. '
Mandalay Coquille River...... 5 pm Pier' 2
Empire I Coos Bay 3 pm F*. r 13
Rival ! Wlllapa Harbor 5 pm Pier '1
I November 27.
State of Ca!.. San Diego & "Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla.. Pugot Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
November 28.
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
'.'¦ "'" ' November 29. : * :
O. W. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 34
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
San 8ia5...... Panama & way.... 12 m'PMSS
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 1
¦ - I November 30.
North Fork.. | Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Totmes : Hamburg & Way. —pm Pier 27
December 2. - .:
Walla Walla J Puget Sound Ports. 11 am | Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
City of Seattle j Skagway & Way Ports Nov. 24
Farallon j Skagway & Way Ports Nov. 2*
Kxcelsinr Cooks Inlet * Way....|Nov. 23
Chas. Nelson..! Skagway & Way Ports' Nov. 25
Dolphin i Skagway & Way PortsiNov. 2fi
Al-Ki 1 Skagway & Way Ports|Dec. 2
Ward May Escape Punishment.
A petition for a stay of proceedings in
the case of Bernard "Ward, who was ar
rested in December. 1899, for embezxle
ment from the Marine Firemen's Asso
ciation, of which organization he was
treasurer, was granted by tho Supreme
Ccurt yesterday.
The attorneys for Ward claim that the
judgment of the trial court was illegally
recorded. The alleged error exists in the
partial obliteration or absence of words
supposedly entered by means of a rubb°r
stamp. A fresh entry was made in the
minutes of the court, but the defense
claims that this only complicates the
matter.
Iroquois Braves Meet.
The Iroquois braves met last night at
Pythian Castle in a regular Friday night
session. The point under discussion was
whether or not the word municipal should
be stricken from that section of the by
laws which contains the exhortation for
all Democrats to vote for national. State
or municipal nominees. Max Popper and
others talked on the subject and resolu
tions were offered.
DENIES MOTION
FOR NEW TRIAL
Judge De Haven Sustains
Verdict of Jury in
Dimmick Case.
'Walter N. Dtmmick, ex-chief clerk of
the Mint, will appear in the United States
District Court this morning 1 to receive
sentence on hir conviction for having
failed to deposit. In accordance, with,
treasury regulations, moneys received by
him from the sale of by-products of the
Mint.
Judge de Haven yesterday denied the
motion for a new trial. The following
are extracts from the decision:
The question now presented for decision
arises upon defendant's motjpn for a new triaf.
One of the grounds of the motion and the
only one which I deem It necessary to discuss
la that the verdict Is unsupported by evidence.
• • • It was also shown that the defend
ant received moneys from the sa'e of by-pro
ducts and willfully failed to deposit such
moneys with the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco during the
quarter In which they were received as
charged In the indictment; that such funds
were not deposited until the last day of th»
quarter succeeding that In which they were
received, and that defendant made falae en
tries In the books of the Mint as to the date
when such by-products were sold and moneys
received by him. It is now urged on behalf
of the defendant that his willful failure to de
posit the moneys so received by him within
Ihe time fixed by the regulation above »et
out does not constitute an offense under sec
tion 5192 of the Revised Statutes, the conten
tion being that in order to bring the case
within that section It should have been proved
that one of the officers named therein made a
specific demand upon the defendant after the
money was received by him requiring him to
make deposit thereof; and that he failed to
comply with such demand. This argument i»
necessarily based upon the assumption that
the words, "when required, " have the precis*
meaning of the words "upon demand." I Jo
not think the statute should receive this nar
row construction. In Its enactment It wa;»
evidently the intention of Congress to make 1»
obligatory upon every person having in his
possession money of the United States to de
posit the same when required, that ia at or
within the time required by the officers named
and in my opinion this requirement may be
made by general rule or regulation prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, or other
head of the department which is charged by
law with the control and disbursement of the
fund to be deposited. The words "enjoin '
"prescribe, 1 "direct" aiM "order" are all
synonyms of the word "require." and a gene
ral regulation of the Secretary of the Treas
ury making it the duty of officers receiving
public money to deposit the same at gome
utated time thereafter is in legal effect a re
quirement that the money shall be so depestf
ed at the time named in the regulation vvt
the willful failure to make the deposit as re
quired by such retaliation Is a violation of
section 5492 of the Revised Statutes. • • •
The motion for a new trial Is denied.
FBOMINENT FOLJTTCIA2T
CALLED TO FINAL REST
Peter Deveny, Who Was for Years a
Republican Leader, Passes
Away.
Peter Deveny died at his residence, 26
John street, yesterday. Mr. D«veny was
one of San Francisco's most prominent
citizens. A short time after his arrival
here, In 1855, he identified himself with
the Republican party and during the
many years of his life filled many re
sponsible positions with credit to himself
and honor to the men and party who
placed him in them.
The deceased was identified with the
Volunteer Fire Department until it was
changed to a paid institution. He served
six years in the County Clerk's ofßce. four
years as a School Director, two years as
an Assemblyman from this city, four
years as clerk of the Justice's Court and
four years as Under Sheriff. He was for
three years chief clerk of the fee depart
ment of the City Treasurer's office and
at the time of his death was In the Sher
iff's office.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
forenoon, at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, at Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge, of
which the deceased was a member for the
last thirty years. The body will be cre
mated In Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Guilty of Manslaughter.
A jury In Judge Dunne's court last night
found Sue Ho Mon, accused of killing:
Wong Yuen at 28^ Waverly place in Jan
uary, 1900, guilty of manslaughter. Xhis
was Sue Ho ilon'a second trial. Loo
Fook, a co-defendant, was found guilty of
murder at the first trial and was sent to
prison for life.
CINCINNATI. . Nov. Judge S. W. Smith
of . the Court of Common Pleas to-day * Issued
a temporary restraining order . In the ¦ applica
tion of the Anchor Carriage Company, enjoining
its striking employes from all acts of violence
and from all > Interference with I the business of
the company.
56
SATURDAY ....NOVEMBER 23, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Hint* All Cemmtnfeationi U W. S. LEASE. Ki,s»ger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .. ..... .Telephone Pre*« 204
~ PIBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market ana Third, S. F.
. Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, ."» Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including: Pontage:
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday), one year $1.09
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), fc months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), S months 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. Oo« Year 1.51
WEEKLY CALL, On« Ye*r.." 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 77777777". 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGVE9B.
Kutger Foreign AiT«rtiiinp, Kir^ette Bulling, Caietgt.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2611.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: :;:V;5
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH ....... 3© Tribune Build
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. . '
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co. ; Great Northern Hotel
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. : .
WASHINGTON (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., If. W.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— ST. Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
i:80 o'clock. 19il MiFjlon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109« Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. Nw.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "King of the Opium Ring."
Alcazar — "Self and Lady."
Columbia — '"On the Quiet."
Grand Opera-house — "The Barber of Seville." .
California— Haverly's Minstrels.
Tivoli— "A Gaiety Girl."
Chutes, Zoo and Vaudeville every afternoon an;
evening.
Fischer' Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SAT.TA
By J. J. Doyle— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, "Wagons,
te* at 580 Seventh street.
THE ISTHMIAN QUESTION.
DISPATCHES from Washington announce
that a formal appeal has been made to Secre
tary Hay by the Colombian Charge
a Affaires that the United States observe its treaty
stipulations and maintain free and uninterrupted
communication across the Isthmus of Panama. This
may be taken as a proof that despite its assertions of
strength the Colombian Government is by no means
sure of its ability to cope with the insurgents. Ask
ing the aid of this Government to keep open com
munication across the isthmus is very much like ask
ing aid for the support of the Colombian Government
itself.
In his recent address at the Chamber of Commerce
banquet Secretary Hay said the United States is so
resolved to respect the independence of the various
states of Latin America that not even for the sake
of establishing among them that peace which we so
much desire would the Government do anything op
posed to the dignity or the independence of those
states. That may be taken as an assurance that we
will not interfere between the Colombian Govern
ment 2nd the insurgents. The protection of the isth
mian trade, however, is another thing. We are under
treaty obligations to keep the passage way across the
isthmus open for trade, and should the war interfere
with that trade we may have to act for the re
establishment of order.
The treaty which the Colombian Government has
asked us to observe was made between the United
States and New Granada in 1846, but is still binding
upon Colombia as one of the states in which New
Granada was divided, and the one in which the
Isthmus of Panama b included. In this treaty it is
stated: "The United States guarantee positively
and efficaciously to New Granada * * * the per
fect neutrality of the before mentioned isthmus, with
the view that the free transit from the one to the
other sea may not be interrupted or embarrassed in
any future time while this treaty exists, and in con
sequence the United States also guarantee in the same
manner the rights of sovereignty and property
which New Granada has and possesses over the said
territory."
While it is provided that the treaty can be ter
minated by either side upon giving twelve months'
notice, no such notice has been given and it remains
in force. We have, therefore, not only rights but
duties in the isthmus which we are bound to ob
serve. Unquestionably there have been a good many
investments in the territory that would not have been
made but for the guarantee of the United States.
We have repeatedly sent warships to the isthmus
to watch events and be ready to protect trans
isthmian traffic whenever such protection should be
needed.
The present war has reached a point where it ap
pears the Colombian Government feels itself com
pelled to call upon the United States for action. It
is hardly likely, however, that the insurgents will
venture to interfere with the traffic, since their lead
ers must be well aware that such interference would
bring them into immediate conflict with the United
States. They have as much fighting as they can at
tend to without provoking a quarrel with us. It
may be, therefore, that we shall not have to exert
any force for the protection of the traffic. A word of
warning may be sufficient. The Colombian war is
not our affair, and we are not going to interfere un
less forced to do so by the folly of one side or the
other in interfering with international trade across
the isthmus.
Chicago is disturbed because some outside people
have been filling her markets with "pure honey" con
taining about 60 per cent of glucose, but then she
should remember how long she has been filling the
outside markets with adulterated lard. As it stands
the game is about even.
Lord Rosebery has declared a desire to see an end
to party government in Great Britain, but perhaps
the- tmh is mainly due to the fact that he has no party
" ! '¦' ' WB*t able to get one.
TITE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
THE YUKON CONSPIRACY.
WHEN The Call published to the world the
first information of a plot to capture Daw
son and set up an independent government
in the Canadian portion of the Yukon Valley the
story was received with something of incredulity,
notwithstanding the recognized reliability of The
Call"s news service. One of our contemporaries ig
nored it altogether, probably with the intention of
publishing it later on as an exclusive story. Another
devoted a column of its news to discrediting the re
port, and then stated editorially that it "may have
started, as such stories usually do, as the innocent
fantasy of some imaginative individual/
The Cail did' not publish the story upon idle rumor.
It had reliable authority for every word published,
and knew that despite its seeming improbability the
story was true. A conspiracy to raise an insurrection
in the Yukon Valley, to seize Dawson and set up a '
revolutionary government had been farmed, and,
while its full extent had not been ascertained, enough
was known to alarm the Canadian authorities, to put
American officials on guard and to bring about a
meeting between the officials of the two Governments
to take steps to investigate the affair and to guard
against a possible raid.
From sources other than that from which The Call
received the original information confirmation has
now been given to the story as published. James
Seeley, head of the secret service of tht Northwest
Mounted Police, stated to a correspondent of The
Call at Victoria on Thursday that not only was there
a conspiracy to overthrow Canadian rule in the
Yukon and loot Dawson, but the scheme hatched by
the conspirators for the project was a feasible one,
and had its existence not been discovered by the
members of the secret service in the Yukon and
nipped in the bud the raiders could have accom
plished their purpose and after taking Dawson could
have held the place for six weeks or two months.
Further confirmation was given by E. S. Busby,
Canadian customs officer at Skagway, who not only
made a special investigation of the conspiracy, but
is the bearer of a report on the subject to the authori
ties at Ottawa. Busby is reported as saying that one
of the features of the plan of the conspirators was to
bring from Seattle a large number of men known to
be opposed to the Canadian Government and its rule
in the Yukon and to have them assist in the fight
against the mounted police. Another feature of the
plan was the shipment of rifles from this country for
the use of the conspirators, and money was sub
scribed for that purpose.
In addition to the statements from the British offi
cials a further statement was obtained at Seattle from
a man who claims to have been one of the leaders
in the movement. His statements of course are not
so reliable as those of the officials, but in the main
they agreed with wftat had been obtained from the
official sources, and to that extent serve as confirma
tion of the existence of the plot and of its dangerous
character.
It is worth noting that the story is not so improb
able as it seems at first sight, though we admit The
Call would not have rccepted it from any other than
a thoroughly reliable source. The Yukon country is
filled with adventurous men, many of whom are des
perate. They have staked their all upon the hazard
of striking it rich either in the mines or in the gam
bling houses, and they have failed. They are ready
now to report to any means of getting gold. Around
these daring ones is a host of men some of whom
are dissatisfied with the Canadian Government while
others cherish an abiding hostility to everything
British. Among such elements it is not difficult for a
natural lender of men to find a considerable follow
ing, like that which Walker took to Nicaragua or
Jameson to the Rand. Fortunately the conspiracy
was detected in time and has now been exposed and
exploded. It is not likely the Yukon conspiracy will
be any longer dangerous.
Incited by the success of the Union Labor ticket in
this city some of the labor agitators in Chicago are
talking of putting a h'bor ticket in the field in the
next State campaign in Illinois, and thus does the
effete East try to keep up with the motions of the
golden West.
THE RIOTS IN ATHENS.
MEN who are ready to fight do not concern
themselves much about the nature of the in
cident that precipitates the struggle. Thus
history records many wars that seemingly resulted
from trivial causes. Tasso has told us of a fight be
tween two Italian states over a stolen bucket, and
there was once a long contest between Great Britain
and Spain because certain Spaniards cut off the ears
of an Englishman named Jenkins. With such
precedents in the past we need not be surprised that
the Athenians are rioting and spilling blood because
of a proposal to translate the Gospels into modern
Greek.
Of course the man on the street in Athens cares
a great dcai more about Greek than docs the man
in San Francisco. He has not been accustomed to
dismiss problems for which he cares nothing by say
ing, "They are all Greek to me." It can therefore
be readily understood why he should care something
about the language, but it is not easy to understand
why he should wish to fight his neighbor because the
Government has deemed fit to publish an edition of
the New Testament in the Greek that is spoken to
day instead of in the Greek that was spoken two
thousand years ago.
We are told that the students of the University of
Athens who are leading the rioters have come to the
conclusion that the proposed publication is designed
in the interests of Russia. Queen Olga is by birth
a Russian; she favors the new publication, and
therefore, according to student logic, the publication
would tend to weaken Greek nationality and infuse
Slavism into the hearts of Greek youth.
We are not aware how large a proportion of the
young men of Greece devote their spare time to
reading the Gospels in old Greek or would give their
time to it if published in modern Greek, and con
sequently we are not able to judge the merits of the
cause for which the students are fighting. Possibly
the innovation might be fraught with much danger
to the student body. It might enable the common
people to read the Gospels and understand them just
as well as the university men, and that of course
would be a loss of scholarly prestige. It may be
that some such issue impels the students to rise and
mutiny, but we are inclined to believe that the new
publication is only a pretense for fighting and that
the students have been looking for something to have
a row over for a long time and have taken up this
solely because it gives to the fight something of a
religious, a literary and a patriotic glow.
Whatever be the motive for the rioting, it seems to
be popular. We are told that twenty thousand peo
ple gathered on Thursday evening around the ruins
of the Temple of Jupiter Olympus to cheer the stu
dents who were making a demonstration there. It
would have been an impertinence for an orator in
such a crowd to ask, How many of you read the
Gospels in the old Greek? The only pertinent ques
tion was, Are you agin the Government? To that
there would have been a universal roar for an answer.
They were against the Government so hard that be
fore the police could disperse them thirty were
wounded and nine were killed. Athens had asserted
herself.
YON EDELSHEIM'S IDEAS.
SOME weeks ago a considerable flutter was
caused in Berlin by the publication of a
pamphlet setting forth the tactics Germany
would pursue in case of a war with the United States
or with Great Britain. The pamphlet was Ly no un
known or irresponsible author. It was written by no
less a person than Baron Yon Edelsheim, an officer
in the chief general staff of the German army. It was
that fact which caused the flutter, for such a book
coming from such a scurce seemed something like an
official utterance, and accordingly it made a sensa
tion that extended ever Europe and even to this
country..
So far as we are concerned there is no occasion
for alarm. A dispatch from Washington of yesterday
announced that the German War Office has issued
a formal disavowal of responsibility for the pamphlet,
and that the German Embassador at Washington
had forwarded it to Secretary Hay with suitable ex
planations. In our case, then, the incident is closed.
We never were alarmed or offended by the publica
tion, and consequently we are just as willing to ac
cept an explanation as an apology.
Doubtless explanations have been made to Great
Britain as well as to us, but none the less the issue
remains open. The persistence of the German agi
tation against Chamberlain is recognized in Great
Britain as an evidence of a deep feeling of hostility
among the Germans against Great Britain herself.
The London press treats the subject as a very grave
one, and several papers express the fear that the
clamors of the people may force the German Govern
ment to take some steps against British interests
that may lead to war. Such being the strained rela
tions between the two peoples, there is naturally a
great deal of interest in Yon Edelsheim's pamphlet.
The summary sent to this country of the contents
of the pamphlet is brief, but sufficient to show that
Yon Edelsheim has no high opinion of British troops
or British generals. He declares that in case of a
war between the two powers Germany would take
the offensive and invade England and dictate peace
at London.
Briefly stated the argument of the writer is this:
Sooner or later Germany must fight Great Britain,
because the expansion of German commerce will in
evitably bring the two into conflict. As^ soon as war
is declared Germany would at once send her fleet to
sea while the British were getting theirs ready. By
reason of her greater promptness Germany would be
able to dominate the sea for a time, and during that
time she would mobilize an army and enter upon the
invasion.
After pointing out the shortcomings of the British
troops as revealed in the South African war the
pamphlet goes on to say: "We must also take ac
count of their slight fighting value compared with
well trained German troops. The only troops ready
in England for action are three divisions of the First
Army Corps, about two divisions of the Second and
a combined division of the Third, together with three
cavalry brigades. The strength of an English division
on a war footing is only 10,000 men, while a similar
German division numbers about 16,000 men. Ger
many can transport six infantry divisions, or one
cavalry brigade and five infantry divisions to England
in a very short time. How the operation could be
carried out must not, of course, be explained here.
But this can- be said that it can be done within little
more than thirty hours in favorable weather from
German harbors in the North Sea. Large tracts of
the English coast furnish good landing places for
troops, and the country itself has so many resources
that an invading army could live on them for a long
time. On the other hand the island is not large
enough to allow English troops to destroy a once
victorious hostile army. It is unlikely that such a
war would last very long and considerable reinforce
ments would, therefore, not be needed."
That is the pamphlet for which the German War
Office has disclaimed iesponsibility. It is not pleas
ant reading for the British public just at this time,
and is the more irritating because of the revelation
it makes of German contempt for the British army
and the British navy. Had Yon Edelsheim suggested
an invasion with a million men the British might
have laughed, but to suggest conquest by 100,000
men is something like an insult.
THE BEEF SUPPLY.
CHICAGO reports are to the effect that infor
mation has been received at the headquarters
of the National Livestock Association which
justifies the belief that Congress will have the West
ern public land situation brought to its attention this
winter in a new and startling manner. The report
goes on to say that from an investigation which has
been comprehensively carried out information has
been obtained which shows that during the past five
years there has been an enormous decrease in the
number of cattle in this country, and that the de
crease is due almost solely to the destruction of the
grasses on the public range.
Information of that kind may be "new and start
ling" to Cbngress, but it will not be so to the people
of the West who have given any attention to the
subject. Over and over again The Call has pointed
out and emphasized that very fact. The ranges have
been overstocked, with the' result that the natural
pasturage has been well nigh destroyed. No one has
any permanent interest in reseeding the range or in
trying to preserve such grasses as remain on it. The
struggle for the range has led to repeated outbreaks
of lawlessness and to something like a war between
the rival cattle men and sheep men, whf) seek to get
possession of any tract that promises to yield feed
enough for their stock. *
It is certainly time that Congress' should deal with
the issue in a rational way. By leasing the public
lands the Government could not only obtain a rev
enue from them available for use in promoting irri
gation and the storage of flood waters, but the lease
holders would be encouraged to reseed and pro
tect the grasses of the lands covered by their leases,
and thus a double benefit would at once accrue. The
present wasteful system has been already carried too
far, and the shortage in the beef supply reported
from Chicago is a warning of what will happen unless
a remedy is applied to the evil.
A combination of a paying teller and a receiving
teller succeeded in getting $60,000 out of a bank in
Brooklyn without the officials knowing anything
about it, and we have thus another illustration of how
easy it is to keep bank books in good order for the
stockholders while the employes keep the money for
themselves.
PRESIDENT PURCHASES
CARTOON FROM PUNCH
THE PRESIDENT HAS SENT TO LONDON AN ORDER TO PURCHASE
THE ORIGINAL DRAWING OF BERNARD PARTRIDGE'S SYMBOLIC
CARTOON, REPRESENTING HIM AS A ROUGH RIDER WHO HAS
REACHED AN EMINENCE AND IS LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE.
THE CARTOON APPEARED IN PUNCH THE WEEK FOLLOWING
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S ASSUMPTION OF OFFICE.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
REVOLVER— E. 8., City. According to
army regulations of the United States the
revolver, in service, is worn on the right
side. »
RUBBER PLANTATIONS— T., Spreck
els, Cal. There was Quite a long article
on rubber plantations in Mexico in The
Call of December 16, 1900.
POOLE'S INDEX-T., Spreckels, Cal.
The volumes of Poole's Index of Periodi
cal Literature and the Cumulative Index
of such may be found in any first-class
library.
SCHMITZ'S APPOINTMENTS— S. L.,
City. The Mayor-elect, E. E. Schmitz,
when he is inducted into office will have
to make one appointment on each com
mission.
« CHATTEL MORTGAGE— J. C. C. C,lty.
The law question asked cannot be an
swersd unless there is information as to
the State in which the party named gave
the chattel mortgage.
AGRICULTURAL LANDS— H. C. F. P.,
City. For information relative to agri
cultural lands in the State of California
you should make inquiry at the General
Land Office in this city.
ACROSS THE RAPIDS— H. P. M., Dos
Palos, Cal. This department has not been
able to find any record of Miss C. Beck
with having at any time swum across
"the whirlpool of the rapids of the Ni
agara."
MONEY LOANEJD-A. E. H., City. If
a party owes you s money, is engaged in
business and refused to repay the loans
you say you made to him, consult a lav,-
yer about bringing an action against him
for the recovery of the money.
PORTAMENTO— Music, City. Porta
mento is a term applied by the Italians
to the manner or habit of sustaining and
conducting the voice. A singer who is
easy, yet firm and steady, in the execu
tion of his passages is said to have a
good portamento.
STATION RECEPTION COMMITTEE
—Subscriber, City. The duty of a station
reception committee is to go to the rail
road station, give the expected visitors
the glad hand, welcome them to the city
and then turn them over to the general
reception committee.
NO SUCH ACTION— J. A. R., Tuolumne,
Cal. The Salvation Army at no time dur
ing the administration of President Cleve
land, nor any other time, obtained work
for a certain number of men at the Union
Iron Works or offered to put men to work
there for $1 50 per day.
PAY DAYS— H. B. 8., City. This de
partment has not the time to canvass the
leading firms and companies of San Fran
cisco for the purpose of ascertaining when
they pay their employes and publish the
same. Further, it is a private matter and
certainly not a matter of general informa
tion.
ST. PATRICKS CATHEDRAL—Sub
scriber, City. St. Patrick's Cathedral in
Dublin, Ireland, was founded in 1190 by
Archbishop Comyn on the site of an old
church. In 1546 it was used as a law
court, but was restored In 1553. After
renovation through the munificence of
Benjamin Lee Guinness it was reopened
February 24, 1865.
PICKLE— J., Railroad Flat, Cal. The
pickle that is used to give corned beef
a red color is made of the following mix
ture: "Mix brown sugar, bay salt, com
mon salt, each two pounds; saltpeter,
eight ounces; water, two .gallons." Thjs
pickle gives meat a fine red color, while
the sugar renders it mild and of excellent
flavor. Large quantities are to be man
aged by the above proportions.
DEBATING SOCIETIES-M. S., City.
This department does not furnish facts
and Ideas for those who desire to take '
part in a debate on any subject. De
baters are supposed to furnish their own I
ideas and not those that might be fur- |
nlshed to them. If you want some points
for the affirmative side on the subject
"Negroes should not be disenfranchised"
you should read current history, weigh j
both sides of the question and then give
your reasons in support of the side you
take.
Q UARTERMASTKR'S 'DEPARTMENT
— E. L., City. The quartermaster's de
partment of the United States army is a
general staff department charged with the
execution of all orders relating: to the
movement, quartering and maintenance of
troops. Thus the department provides for
the marching, embarking, billeting and
cantoning of troops; for provisions, for
age and clothing, for making and repair
ing roads, military telegraph lines, rail
roads and bridges, and for ammunition
for the men, all supplies and all means
of transportation. There are different
branches which carry out the orders of
this department. The duty of the chief
quartermaster is to give the required
orders and have them carried cut
PERSONAL MENTION.
M. C. Clark of Gonzales is at the Grand.
J. B. Lankersham of Los Angeles is at
the Palace.
T. C. Barnes, owner of a large whisky
distillery in Chicago, is at the Palace.
Murray M. Harris, an organ builder of
Los Angeles, is in the city. He is at the
Grand.
Captain H. Z. Osborn, United States
Marshal of the Southern District of Cali
fornia is at the Palace.
Queen Liliuokalani and party left the
California Hotel yesterday for Salt Lake,
en route to Washnigton, D. C.
Philip B. Fraser, president of the Farm
ers' and Merchants' Bank of Stockton, is
at the Palace accompanied by his wife.
Lieutenant A. Bromley, R. N. of H. M.
S. Warspeed arrived from Victoria. B. C,
yesterday to act as best man at the wed
ding of Robert Dunsmulr.
J. E. Stubbs, president of the Nevada
State University and brother of Traffic
Director Stubbs, is down from Reno and
is staying at the Occidental.
Major W. H. Dudley Ward, a retired of
ficer of the English army, arrived from
Spokane yesterday, accompanied by H.
Lever. They are touring the coast.
W. E. Gerber, a banker of Sacramento,
who recently was the victim erf an acci
dent while out duck shooting, is now con
valescent. He left the hospital yesterday
and is at the Palace.
John J. Hernan, who has been»connect
ed with Denver and Colorado Springs ho
tels lor many years, passed through the
city yesterday en route to Loa Angeles,
where he will fill the position of key clerk
at the new Hotel Angelus.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
He— What I feel for >vu, Muriel, I can
never tell In words. True love is silent!
Muriel— Oh, no, I assure you. It speaks
to papa.— Punch.
• "Harry, here's a good article on 'The
Secret of Baldness.' "
"Huh! Baldness is no secret."— Chicago
Record-Herald.
"Who is that whistling?" asked the
teacher, looking over tee assemblage of
juveniles.
"Me," promptly replied a new pupil.
"Didn't you know I could whistle?"— Ch
icago News.
If) BIG THANKSGIVING FEATURES 1 A
/!%£? With iltoitratloas by the b«tt artists on the Pacific Coast JL\»J
SUN- — i
Thanksgiving Number,
I| A V'C Out November 24, 1901;
CALL FS
EXTRACTS FROM DIARY OF :>
; AGUINALDO'S PRIVATE SECRETARY.
This graphic story of the inside lif: of Agui^
naldo and his army cannot be read elsewhere than
in The Sunday Call except in" the Gayemmtnt •:-
cret archiTes at Washington D. C.
20 PAGES OF FEATURE STORIES 'yjr*
THE SUNDAY CALL, A WESTERN PAPER FULL
OF WESTERN STORIES BY WESTERN WRITERS
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
A book which is sure- to be welcome
throughout the whole Br.ush empir
be the narrative of the Ophir's I
tour round the British colonies.
There is every likelihood that such a
narrative will be published. The King
himself is said to favor the Idea. If ':
he carried oul . as it is likely to hn
Prince and Princess of Wales will
only contribute to the letter press, but
supply many illustrations from the phot •¦-
graphs taken by themselves or by their
desire. Two separate editions of the pr -
posed work are talked about, one at 1
popular price that will place it with.
reach of all, and another of an expen
sive kind such as numbers of peop. »
would like to preserve as a souvenir of
the historic trip.
It is amusing sometimes, to lawyers in,
particular, to note how novelists fail into
legal errors dealing with law.
Certainly the worst pitfalls a novelist
can meet with are these. As far a.
country is concerned he may avoid them
by reference to approved textbooks, but
when it comes to foreign and colonial law
it is not so easy to escape blunders.
The validity of marriage and the de
scent of property are dependent upon lo
cal laws that are not readily accessibe.
For instance, glancing through that in
teresting new publication, the Victoria:*
Year Book, of which section 5. d
with law and crime and social condition.^,
has just been published, some important
points of difference that might easily eo
cape the novelist may be noted.
How many people, one may ask
aware that since May. 1890. the law •>!?
Victoria was permitted divorce for wil'.f
desertion during three years, or for
itual drunkenness on the part of the hus
ban. 1 . coupled with cruelty and negl •
to support his wife; for habitual drur.ii
cnne.sa on the part of the wife, coupled
wjth habitual neglect of domestic d
for a sentence of penal servitude of -
years, after three years have been p
in prison; for an attempt to murder; r r
assault L.-por. the petitioner, if followed by
cor.vieUcn, or for adultery committed in
conjugal residence or under circuru
stances of aggravation?
These increased facilities for divor >
are not open to any person who has n >c
been domiciled in the country fojf at least
two years.
As regards the descent of proiMlljß]
land does not pass to the heir, as in Eng
land, but la distributed as personalty.
If the wife dies intestate the estate
does not pass to the husband, as by Eng
lish law, but he gets a third only If I
be children, and a half if there are not
children but only next of kin.
It is suggested that there is room for a
work that should collect these differences
in law In all countries, for the benet:
only of novelists but of ordinary people.
Sands & Co. will publish shortly
Kiss and Its History." This treatise ia
the work of Dr. Christopher Nyrop. v
philologist of high European reputation.
It has gone through two editions ia Den
mark and has been translated Into Ger
man, Swedish and Russian. The book ha 3
now been put into English by W. F. Har
vey, lecturer of English at the Unlve
of Lund, Sweden.
Anonymity apparently has nof yet lost
its value, as there is an advertise
of another enterprising firm offering «•
prize of five guineas to the first purchaser
of "A Sportsman's Love Letters" who can
give the correct name of the author.
This, they say, is by the way of stimu
lating a healthy curiosity.
Some very noteworthy literary treasures
are to be sold at Sotheby'3 during theflrst
week in December. They include a second
folio Shakespeare and a first edition &(
"Waverley," in three volumes. A year
ago a similar "Waverley" sold in Lon
don for the large sum of £115 l*ojs). Th«*f=>
of his schoolfellows and a few ake
are also to be on sale first editio;
"Ivanhoe," "Woodstock," "The Chroni
cles of Canongate" and others of Scott's
novels. A good copy of the first edit:
"Gulltver'3 Travels" is another treasure
coming under the hammer.
One entry in the catalogue of the Scth^
by sale introduces a very interesting
of Tennyson. It is his school atlas of an
cient geography, with an autograp..
of heads.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candies. Townaend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per ib at Townsend's*
Special information supplied daily t >
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mor.:
gomery streej. Telephone Main 1042 •
A clown was at first a tatto*<l person.
In Britain and r ranee the country peopla
retained the habit of tattooing
painting the faces in imitate
tooing long after it had been abandoned
in the cities.
Avoid baldness, <ray hair, dandruff and thin
leek 3 by using Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorna. the best cure for corns. 15 ;ts.AXUSEMESTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
BAN FRAXCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
OPERA,
Under th* Direction or Mr. MAURICE QRATJ.
This afternoon at 2, LOHENGRIN.
Eamrc Schumaan-Helnk; Van Dyck, Blsp-
ham. Uuhlmann and Blass. Conductor, Dam-
roach.
TO-NIGHT at 8. IL BARBIERE DI SIVIG-
LIA (The Barber of Seville), Sembrlch;
6eli»;na<\ Campanarl, Tavecchta and Ed de
Reszke. Conductor, S«ppllll.
Sunday EVg, Nov. iA, at 8, Second Grand
Sunday Nlrht Performance at Popular Prices
•THE HUGUENOTS." with an extraordinary
east. GadFki. Louise Homer and Suzanne Ad-
ams; Dippcl. Scotti. Muhlmann and Journet.
Conductor. Flon.
Repertoire for the Third and Last Week:
Monday EVg, Nov. 25. at 8. •FAUST."
Emma Eames. Bridewell: Salign&c, Cam-
panarl end Ed de Reszke. Conductor, Seppllll
Tuesday Eva;. Nov. 26, at 7:45. "DIE WAL-
KUHE ' Gadski. Schumann-Heink, Reuss-
lielce: Van Dyck, Blass. Blspham. Conductor,
Darorosch.
Wednesday EVr, Nov. 27. at 7:45, Double
bill. "DON PASQUALE.' Sembrich; Scotti
Taveechla and SalUrnac. "I PAGLIACCI."
Prheflf: De Marcht. Declery. Relss and Cam-
panarl. Conductor, Flon.
Thursday Aft., Nov. 28. at 2, Extra Matinee
"ROMEO ET JULIETTE." Sybil Sanderson;
Bridewell; Journet, Gilibert, Declery. Sallenac
Conductor, Flon.
Prices Romeo et Juliette matinee— S3 $4
and IS. Boxes— J2o, $26 and $30 ?••*.*
Thurefiay EVj, Nov. R. at 7:45, "DIE MEI-
6TF.RSIXGER." Gadski. Schumann-Heink -.
Dlppel. Bispham, Muhlmann and Ed de Reszke
Conductor, Dainroech.
Frl. Ev-r. Nov^ », at 8, "AIDA." Eames and
Louise Hcmer: Scotti, Journet. Muhlmann and
De Marchi. Conductor. Seppilli
Prices for Regular Performances, $2. IS. 14,
tS and V. General admission. »2. ••*<•••*•*•
m l^. o^ taT M £ UDd ," ly N1 * ht Performance*. »L
12. M and «S. Boxes. $11. $15 and $18.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
*TiypLi*
TO-KIGHT ANT* EVERT EVENTNO THIS
WEEK AT 8 SHARP!
Matinee* Saturday and Sunday at 2 Sharp!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
THIS WEEK ONLY!
A Gaiety Girl
Monday. Xov. 28— THE GEISHA."
POPULAR PRICES— We and 75e.
Telephone— Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. Nov. 23.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Children. 1
any part except reserved, 10c.
VAUDEVILLE'S PINNACLE!
Ketrfmaim Troupe, Ward and Curran, '
Bicknell, Lillian Burkhart and
Company and the Eiogreph. Last
times of The Girl With the Auburn
Hair, Fraser Troupe. Fred Niblo
and Joseph Adelman.
LAST TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND THIS EVENING!
HAVERLY'S
MASTODON
INSTRELS,
With GEORGE WILSON.
TO-MORROW IVrGfiT,
The Everlasting Swedish Corr.edy Success
YON YONSON.
Special .Matinee Thanksjrivir.c Day. Nov. 28
SEATS READY.
Kext— A STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND.
COLUMBIANS
THIS AND NEXT WEEK
EVERY NIGHT (including Sunday)
MATINEE TO-DAY. auaa *ri-
WILLIAM JL
COLLIER §f
In Aupuptus Thomas" phenom- B X
«r.a:iy eucceea? ul comedy, t fc
"ON :HI QUIET" JJ
SPECIAL MATINEE *^ W 1
THAJfKF^TVtKO r»V.
Watch for "THE GIRL FROM MAXIM'S."
BEJUtSCO Amo TKALES
CEntQ*i£?s
" mm cm hau
|^ I T^J C X MATINEE TO-DAT
¦ M 1 "V— +¦ AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and Sun-
OF THE . ' da> ' Evening.
ur 'nt Greatest of All
OPIUM RING E Ce 2 ic l?ri
Ul 1U ill lilltUl Matrns.VlOc, Hew So
Next Monday, a Great Production of
SIBERIA. .
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
¦ V j^"J ££*» t^S* ?** j \s*^
ifIt'HEATRS r A>
BELASCO & THALL Managers
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
A NEW SUCCESSFUL COMEDY.
|"StLF AND LADY,"!
The Rage Last Season in New York.
:*EXT— THANKSGIVING WEEK.
W£ *UNS OF TENNiiS^EE.
Fpecial Matinee Thanksgiving Day, Nov. 2*.
Seats on Sale 6 Uuye In Advance.
g!^g> RACING
r j^g,*V»^fe i 5a l »' l\cry Week Day—
' 13? Rain or .>hine.
i £W CA IFCRNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 D. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
32:310, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and * p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance xn the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
.Jerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland moie connect with San Pablo avenue
electric car* at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars to direct to the track In fifteen. minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
• CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu- '
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, bank* and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass tiic entrance. -\~~i.
American and European plans.
MYSTERIOUS MURDER TERMINATES
THE CAROUSAL OF A STEVEDORE
Albert A* Mole Is Found Dying on the Sidewalk at the Entrance to
an Alleyway With a Knife Wound Over the Heart*
ALBERT A. MOLE, a stevedore.
was stabbed to death shortly be
fore 4 o'clock yesterday morning
near the entrance to a small al
ley leading south from O'Farrell
street, between Powell and Mason streets.
Mystery envelops the murder, but the
i police are convinced that James M. Do
lan, who is known to have been with
Mole almost up to the moment of his
; death, is guilty of the crime. Dolan has
i disappeared.
Hugh B. B. Chapman, who resides at
! lOSS Howard streei. Is detained at the
i City Prison, as he was with Mole at the
I time of the murder. In a statement
j made to the police, Chapman denies that
I he witnessed the blow that ended Mole's
! life. He admits, however, that he was
: with Mole and that he was only a few
1 feet in front of him when the fatal blow
' was struck. Chapman will be held in
; custody pending the police investigation.
Mole was found lying on the sidewalk
; :n a dying condition by Police Officer
Davis and Special Officer Hugh Smith.
Blood was trickling from a wound in his
; left side, directly over the heart. There
I was a second wound on cr.e of his hands.
j Mole's coat was off and lying Tsy his
side. The street was deserted. The of
ficers found a trail of blood leading to the
entrance of the alley where the fatal
¦ blow had evidently been struck. The
- Central Emergency Hospital and police
headquarters were immediately notified
of the crime, but before the hospital am
bulance arrived Mole was dead.
Detectives Tom Gibson and Archie
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Soap for toilet, nursery,
bath and shaving. Match-
less among all soaps in
the world for tkese pur-
poses.
•old all over the world.
AMUSEMENTS.
Big Vaudeville Bill!
HARMON, the Famous High Diver.
SPECIAL TO-NI6HT !
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALK!
NEXT AMATEUR NIGHT WEDNESDAY.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
BASEBALL,
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND.
TODAY AT 2:45 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION FARK.
E.Chth and Harrison streets.
FISCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
The Lenton Trio, Marion Georsre, Blalne
Brothers, Edna Hamlln. W. V. Strung, Karle
and Bailey, Eleanora Jenkins and Hlnrlchs'
Orchestra. Reserved scats VM. Matinee Sunday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAr, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
THE STEVEDORE WHO WAS STABBED TO DEATH EARLY YESTER
DAY MORNING, THE PRISONER WHO WAS WITH HIM DURING
HIS DEBAUCH AND THE MAN SUSPECTED AS THE MURDERER.
Hamill, who were detailed on the case,
took Chapman into custody shortly after
the discovery of the tragedy, as they
learned that he had been with the de
ceased. At the City Prison Chapman
made a detailed statement as to his and
Mole's movements during the previous
evening, and up to the moment of the
stabbing. He stated that he met Mole !
by appointment Thursday night and that
they together visited several saloons,
finally arriving at the saloon of Kauff
man & Campbell, at the corner of Mason
and O'Farrell streets, shortly after 3
o'clock yesterday morning. Tnere they
met and became acquainted with Dolan,
who treated them.
After leaving the saloon the three men
went to the Afton lodging-house at 285
O'Farrell street. They rang the bell and
requested Robert Gregg, who answered
the call, to arouse a woman who lived
there. Before this could be done the men
changed their minds and separated.
Their subsequent movements as told in
Chapman's words were as follows:
I started down the steps and Dolan came
after me. We walked down O'Farrell street
and the first thing that I knew was that Mole
was falling. I ran back to catch him. I
think that he had one arm out of his coat.
He did not speak to me, although I called
his name several times. While I was . look
ing for Al's hat I saw a man running diagon
ally across the street toward the Union Square
market restaurant. At that time I thought
that the man fleeing was Dolan. but I cannot
c ay now who the man was. I cannot remem
ber positively having seen Dolan after leaving
the Afton House.
I would not consider that at the time Al
fell either of us was- badly Intoxicated. Al
had no money with him, as when we went
Into Kauffrr.an's saloon he wanted to borrow
$1 from me. I had never seen Dolan previous
to meeting him In Kauffman's, and I don't
think that Al knew him any better than I did
I am a union stevedore, and bo was Al.
I
SUESSER IS SENTENCED
TO DIE BY THE NOOSE I
SJayer of Sheriff Farley of Monterey
County Condemned for the'
Second Time.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 22.— Unless the Su
preme Court interfere George Suesser,
who killed Sheriff Farley in Salinas, in
September, 1899, will suffer the death pen
alty in San Quentin on February 7. This
was the sentence pronounced by Judge
Lorlgan this afternoon.
Attorney B. A. Herrington, counsel for
Suesser, occupied the afternoon in argu
ment for a new trial. Irregularity in
transferring the trial of the case from
Monterey County and errors of court were
urged as grounds. Judge Lcrigan denied
the motion for a new trial. When Suesser
was ordered to stand up for sentene a
broad smile was on his face and he turned
around and winked at the Sheriff and
deputies and paid little attention to the
Judge's remarks.
Suesser's attorneys will at once appeal
to the Supreme Court. This is the second
time Sutsser has been sentenced to be
hanged. The Supreme Court set the first
sentence aside and gave him a new trial
on the ground that he had been denied a
change of venue from Monterey County,
where the people were highly prejudiced
against him.
WICHITA, Kans., Nov. 22-D. J. Tangney,
proprietor of the Topeka-avenue Hotel Jn thli
city, was struck on the head about 5:30 o'clock
this morning with a heavy hammer by a burg
lar whom he surprised In the act of robbing the
Uotel. Tangney Is not expected to recover.
The police do not give much credence
to Chapman's stury. They are of th*
opinion that after leaving the Afton
House a drunken brawl arose between
Mole and Dolan and that during the
quarrel Dolan plunged the knife into
Mole's breaat. They are also convinced
that Chapman witnessed the deed.
Dolan is a partner of W. C. Hudson of
the San Francisco Upholstering Company,
208 McAllister street. The police main
tained a watch at that place yesterday,
but neither Dolan nor his partner ap
peared. Dolan is said to be the son of
Michael Dolan, an old-time politician.
Mole was about 37 years of age. He was
a stevedore and bore the reputation of
being a steady worker. Although mar
ried, he and his wife did not live together
In searching for a motive for the crime
the police discovered that Mole shot at
two men who had followed him home last
Saturday night. Mole attended the steve
dores' ball, and while on his way home
he noticed two men following him along
Market street. They kept behind him un
til he reached his home at 134 South Park
After he entered his house the men at
tempted to force an entrance and he
tired a shot at them.
The police do not think that the shoot-
Ing of Saturday night has any bearing on
the murder.
Police Arrest Dolan's Wife.
At an early hour this morning Clara
Dolan, wife of James Dolan. the man who
is suspected by the police of having mur
dered Albert A. Mole, was arrested and
taken to the City Prison. No charge was
placed against her, but the police intend
to retain her, believing that she may™
induced to divulge the whereabouts of
Dolan. At the same time a man whose
name the police refused to make public
was taken into custody. It was rumored
that he was also connected with Mole's
murder.
r-ENALIZED FOR CARRYING
TOO MANY PASSENGERS
Chmers of Three Nome Steamships
Pay Heavy Fines to the
Government.
SEATTLE, Nov. 22—The United States
Treasury is being replenished to the ex
tent of $24,660 by the owners of threo
Nome steamships— the Roanoke, the Port
land and the Valencia— for violations of
the customs regulations, in carrying pas-
E«n#ers from the north in excess of the
license limit. On Thursday the owners of
the Valencia put up $9660. The Portland's
owners and the owners of the Roanoke
have signified their Intention of navin"
$6650 and $8350, respectively, as fines for
similar violations of the Treasury Depart
ment regulations. All these moneys are
being paid under protest and the case is
to be taken up later with the Treasury
Department officials at Washington.
The management of the respective ves
sels say they did not willfully violate the
law. While at Nome they obtained spe
cial permits to carry stated numbers of
passengers in excess of their license limit
The customs officers of this district, how
ever, decline to recognize the permits on
the ground that such can be given only
by the United States marine Inspectors of
hulls and boilers.
Peter Cassidy Not Guilty.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 22. -The trial of Pe
ter Cassidy, charged with the murder of
James Posey, came to an end this even
ing when the jury returned a verdict of
not guilty.
BIG LAND DEAL
IS CONSUMMATED
More Than Six Thousand
Acres Near Stockton
Are Sold.
LO3 Angeles Capitalists Will
Raise and Oan
Asparagus
A big land deal was consummated yes
terday in this city. Several capitalists of
Southern Californ'a bought 6300 acres of
reclaimed land seven miles from Stockton
from the California and Nevada Dredg
ing Company. The land is on the line of
the Santa Fe Railway and the purchase
price was a quarter of a million dollars.
Those who formed the company are
Frederick H. Rindge of Santa Monica,
Dr. John R. Haynes of Los Angeles, Wal
lace brothers of Pasadena, R. C. Gillis
of Santa Monica, George T. Cochran of
Los Anceles and Lee A. Phillips of Los
Angeles. The land will be improved to
the highest possible condition and will be
used to raise vegetables. A canning plant
will be erected on the place and aspara
gus will be grown and canned for the
Eastern markets.
Lee A. Phillips, a prominent young at
torney of Los Angeles, negotiated the
deal. He left for Los Angeles last even
ing highly elated with the result of his
labor.
"We feel that we have a big thing," he
said yesterday. "California grows the
finest vegetables in the world and only
through companies being formed to raiso
products in large quantities will the repu
tation of California vegetables be estab
lished.
"Senator Jones of Nevada was a largo
| shareholder in the land we have pur
chased. Negotiations have been pending
for some time. We all came up from
Southern California a few days ago de
i termined to bring the matter to an issue.
| We return with the documents all signed
in our possession."
Honor Their Patroness.
Members of the Saint Cecilia Circle of
St. Vincent's School gave a musical re
cital in honor of their patroness yesterday
afternoon. The following named pupils
took part In the erftertainment:
Miss E. Sheehy. Miss K. Robinson, Miss A.
Canepo, Miss E. Ewing, Miss M. Kingston,
Miss A. Kingston. Miss B. Foley. Miss F.
Leahy. Miss A. Canepa, Miss G. Hussy, Miss
G. Meyers, Miss E. Jasen. Miss E. Herlihy.
Miss D. McCaxty, Miss A. Purviss, Miss M.
Ronayr.e, Miss K. Llnehan, Master T. Quinn.
Miss M. Purviss. Miss L. O'Connel, Miss A.
Glover. Miss N. Sheehy, Miss R. Quinn Ml»3
M. Sullivan. Miss M. Anthony, Miss X. Shea,
Miss L. Cereghino and Miss H. Daughney.
Children's Fair a Success.
The fair given last night by the chil
dren living in the neighborhood of Post
and Fillmore streets to raise funds for
the McKinley monument fund was most
successful and resulted in quite a large
sum being raised. The hall at the corner
of Post and Fillmore streets, the use of
which was given by Mrs. Wells, was pret
tily decorated, and the booths contained
many pretty specimens of fancy work.
The children who managed the fair were-
Gladys Tuttle, Anita Brown, Ivy Bowen,
Margaret Hynes and Alice Quinlan.
Gunboat for the Colombians.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— The steamer Ban
righ, which was detained here this week,
by the Briti3h authorities on the suspicion
of being a Boer filibusterer, has been re
leased and will proceed to Hamburg. A
member of the vessel's crew is authority
for the statement that the Banrigh will
then proceed to Colon, where she will be
used by the Colombian Government as a
gunboat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BCfvertising iGsnuotlon
Wiific^i Cos! % a
pmous Expert
How Yoongjiißii ami women nag Ears
Big Salaries and Business men
Save THoiisamisef Dollars.
This Course Is from th* Pen of the Well
Known Authority, George H. Powell.
[From "Success."]
Mr. Powell., who furnishes the matter
for the entire series, Is a man of untiring
energy and enthusiasm, having devoted
his entire life to the practical, theoretical
and artistic study of the subject. *He is
conversant with the most successful
methods emplo>c;d in the production of
effective advertisements, booklets and
auxiliaries which are of value in secur-
ing that most desirable element known as
publicity.
Mr. Powell is to-day considered by
those best competent to judge as one of
the most skillful planners and writers of
advertising in America. Some of his
achievements are notable.
Entering the field in 1891. he quickly
revolutionized bicycle advertising and set
a pace that was never equaled. Later he
astonished patent medicine men by dem-
onstrating his ability to float a new arti-
cle and make it highly profitable the first
month.
Next came Mr. Powell's work in build-
ing up the advertising department of one
of the largest woman's publications in
America, and. in a year his methods added
nearly $50,000 worth of extra business, be-
sides materially improving the quality of
the advertising.
About three years ago Mr. Powell es-
tablished himself in New York, and be-
sides making thousands of dollars from
another proprietary article of his own,
he has helped scores of others to win
through up-to-date publicity.
As a counselor and planner 1 of adver-
tising campaigns Mr. Powell stands first
among experts, and he is paid the highest
fees by scores of our largest advertisers
with whom he is in constant touch. There
isn't a week that he is not sought for in
pushing to the front stock deals or new
manufacturing enterprises.
To benefit hundreds who are anxious to
earn from $25 to $50 a week in advertis-
ing writing, and to supply advertisers
with competent he.n, Mr. Powell will give
free instruction to all who take advan-
tage of the opportunity. Address George
H. Powell, lo- Temple Court, New York.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of y^^^^^
Terr sicall and as easy
to take as sugar.
err In a nrrn'p FOR HEADACHE. err
bilh CARTERS FOR DUZIMESS. bhb
GENUINE W|Ve ERE R ™ "¦"• "*"• GENUINE
M PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR MM ' FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPER
WHAHPLH laadi | rOR the complexion "KAPFtK
25 cents Purely Tegetal>le. /^^^«^<^#^
" FK.I3STTEID OIST ' RED PAPER."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUR THANKSGIVING
SHIRT
Is not the least important Item in the
preparations for the day, and you need
have no worry about it if you send it U>
I the United States Laundry. You'll get it
back on time and you 11 find it right in
every way. We put style in all our linen
] work. You'll like it. Wo saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004- Market Strea:
. Telephone— South 4-20.
Oakland Offic--54 San Pablo Aye.
•••••••••••••••••••••
I THE CRISIS. :
I 85 cts. I
9 c
© ...at... c
© ©
• COOPER'S. I
© .. ©
§ ALL BOOKS AT CUT PDICES. *
O ©
GCSORRHCEA AND URINARY DISCHARGES
&% GSISk » V I Sjf *Wf m^k
J^ LsMIIIBBBBrJ Wj^y s^Cjj
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
Cl PATENTS! J)
Xiik»^33U MARKET ST. S.F.^S^
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.—
¦* modeled and renovated. . KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to JS week: $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; lire grates in
every room; elevator runs all night.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. -
Santa PC
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
I Daily Daily j Daily | Dally
Lv. San Fran 1 , 7:20 a 9:00a'|8:00p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 1 10 :1» a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:IS p
"- Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
• Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
"Visalla.... 3:39 i> 5:00 a
•' Bakersnd. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping- Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakerstleld for accommodation of
lecal first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno'
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
S:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist ! Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7-20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor- '
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.
m PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausollts) F*rry.
Commencing September ij, 1301.
FROM SAN FKA.N CISCO TO lUi-l. VALLEY
r AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 8:30. •»:»), 11:00 a. m.
•1-45 3:15, 4:15.-5:15, "6:15, b:45 p. m.
EXTKA HUPS— Mill Valley and Saj
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays ana Satur-
days at St:3u and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '3:Ou, '10:00.- -11:30 a. m.. »i.ii
S:l5 »4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
- Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-» 5:25. 6:27.- 7:45. 8:35. 1015
a m. '12:25, 2:15. «3:35. 4:40, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. ~^ .
SUNDAYS— 6:IS, »8:00. 'IOiOO. *U:ii a. m.
•1:40 *3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m. •: C-V ***••
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 8:55, 10:30 a. m."
12:35, 2:45, 3:50 5:10 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ;. -Trt
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15 J3O
6:00. 6.45 p. m. ' '^
,• • \ THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
stations. . , .¦-¦•¦- .
8:00 a. m. . — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. •> : --  '
AIJVEIITISEJttENTS.
! RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. \
\ ' Train* !«•>•»«• unit nrt ilao (a arrlt* i%t
MAX riCAMI'Mt:o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Stnet.) ; » -V
tBATB — FRO« NoVIMBrB i, 1901. — AIUUTa)
":OOa Benicia, SuiaoD, Elmlx* and Saers-
" cuento... fl:S3y
. ?:O«a V»c»tUlo. Winters, Ruros«y ?:AAp
j »3«a Martinet. San Uamoo, Valiojo.
Caliatnga and Bauca. Ron Si23p
S:O»a Da»i«, Woodland. Kuigacs Landing.
Mar jSTille. orofille : 7>33»
SiOOa A tlaatio Rx press— Ogden and Baas ' Si23a
M:«»A KUes, Lathrop. Stockton ?t*»r
SiUOANllea, Mendota, Hanlord. VissUa,
PortarrUle -i:33»
8:3t» a Shasta Express— Davia, Williams (for .
Bartlatt Springs:, Willows, Red .
Bluff, Portland... 7lO9»
¦iB«a San Join, Liiermor*. Stockton, ¦ ,^
Ion«, Sacramento, PlacorTlUa, '
M»rj»»ill.-. Chic... lto.l Bluff 4:»X*
»:«<l» Oakdale, Chinese. 3unorm. Carters... 4:X.l*
JIMMIa HaTirard. Niles and Way Stations.. lli»3a
•:«•* Vsllejo ISiO-*
V:Otf a Los An«eien Express — Maxtliifl*. . | -
Tracy, i^tnrop, Stockton, Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles .......... ' 7:SA*
Ot3OA VaIH». Martinez anil War Stations ?:A4#
I I»i««a Th« Overland Llmlud— Olden, Tan-
Tor. Omaha. Chicago..*. »i»»»
, fl:«»«»r Sacramento Kl.or Stammer* fll:««»
S:3Op Hayward. Nil-« and Way Stations.. 7:33*
1 4>««r K-iii.-l», Winters, Ba«rainenio.
\V<».iil!»inl. KiijkliU Landing.
1 • MurjiTillp, Orofllle I«:S4a
4-»»r Mitrtinar.. San Ramon. Vall«|o,
N.ilMi. «;»llnt(i«a. Santa Kosa •'»•"!*
I 4iO«p Nile.-. LIT-nuore. Stockton. L0d1... lS'-iSp
4::;<»r H»y.Tard, Mlaa. .sail .lone. LlTermor* t*:-"*- I **
' 4iS»r> Port Coa-a. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1«:Ua
3:i»«p The Owl Uinited— p*raau», Tolaiw,
Rakerseolit. Hangna for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Auisles ............... •:*»»
B:OOp Martin' z, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno .* 13i*9»
8:30 rN«» Orleans Exprens— Mmdots, • ¦¦
Fresno, Eakenneid. Los Angeles, .
D-mlug, £1 Paso, Kew Orleans
and East 7:9.1*
S.oopHafiraxd. Niles ami San Jos* 7*S»
t«i««r Vallejo ' ll>*9«
«:•«!• Oriental Mall— Oguen, Cheyann*.
) Onialia, ChiCMgo «. Si33a
. •i«Op Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denrer.
' 8t Louis. Chicago «i»»»
I ! ?>OOp Oregon ami California Kxprsm.Hao*
I ritnifiiiti>, Maryatlllo, l(«..l.lln . •
. - rorUHtnl. Pnget .liiiiikl anil Kaat 8:33 a
' SiO.ip San Pablo. Pork Conta, Hartlnes
I -- and Way MUtious C. 1I:K»*
, • t^o^p Va». ]«:..•....: 7ia-->y
1 COAST. LiINE (Harrow U»» e).
I (Kootot Market Street.) ¦' - _
1 »»l» A Newark. Oni.«rflU<vSaii.)oa9,F>lti>n. "
1 BonlderCreak,6lautaCrusaud Way
I .Stations oi3»f
tail dp Newark. C>nter»llli>. Ban .lose. Set
Almadoo. Felton. ISoulJer Creek,
I • Santa Crux and I'rincipal Way
I - Stations IOt»«*
4tl.>r N.wark. Man Jom. I.<m Gatos t»:»<»4
¦9.3 up Hunter*' Train— San Jose and Way
i I Stations t?» a »>
I OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAX FRIICI3CO— Poot (I Huktt Street (Slip i)—
1 ti.ls >:0O IhOOi.H. 1:93 3:93 B:ISr.M.
reaOatUND— r»al •ISruawaj.— f«:oo Ja:OO t3:OS
10:W»n. »:C0 a:O3 t:C3 r.u. ..J*
COAST LINE <nroail «anst«).
(Third and Townaeml ata.)
ttiWA Han Jose and Way 5tati0n5... ...... •:»»»
7:110 a San Jose and Way .Stations liSUp
/7:«»«»A New Alinadpn /*»!•»
ViOOa San Jose. Tres I'inos, Hunt* Crux,
r»cii>c Hr...t, ballnas. San Lois
Obispo. Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate Mtittiuns 7il3f
lO<3OA San Jose and Way Stations. 4xl Oy
I liSIIa Ban Joss »ud Way MUtiiHis »¦*«»
fJli l-ip San Mateo. ltedwood. Menlo Par!?, ¦
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. San Josa,
Tres Finos, .Santa Crux. Salinas,
Monterey ami I'aelfle GroTe I' o ** 3*3 *
¦ tSOp Nan Jose aud Way Stations. 6:304
fI: li San and Principal Way Stations »:I3a
t3:O«r San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t«:OO
Otnop San Jo»« and Principal Way Stations »-..t«*
BiOOp Redwnid, Han Joeo. Gilroy, Salinas,
Santa Barbara. Lou Angeles 10:05 a
«>.lOp San Jose and Way Stations t«-««A
«11;45p Saw Jose ml War -Stations •:3O>
¦ A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excented. X Sunday only,
a Saturday only. / Tuesdays and Fridays^
I CALIFORNIA RORTmSTEU IL CL
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PlClFlfi
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Forty. Pm* ml Hswitißt ML
San Francisco to oan Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:JJ.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
i at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trios at l:a» *
and 11.30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00. irSO. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 8:20 p. m.
San R a fas' to San Francisco.
"WEEK DAYS— «;IO. V:5O. »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:*».
1:10. 5:13 d. m. Saturdays— trip* at i.ii
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. »:«. n-.V) a. m.; i * 3:«.
6:05. 6^5 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrir*
San Francisco. (April 28. 1301. ( San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days, j Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato. 110:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am [ Petaluma. 1 6:05 pm 10:25 an
6:10 pmf 5:00. pm( Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pm| *:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10 25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyser-, llle.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:33 pm B*3o pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pml -
1:30 pm| 5:00 pml _ [ «:20 pm
7:30 am 3:00 am) Sonoma, 1 9:15 am 40 am
I I and )
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen. f *:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ¦ [10:40 am,lO:2S am'
3:30 pml 6:00 pm| Seba.«topol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm ¦ -
Stages connect at Santa Rosa (or Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservilie for Ska«s Springs: at Cloverda. >
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Car!.-*
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlstt
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell'3
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
port, Usal. Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round- trip tickets to all points :
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 850 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
! Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry | Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. f San Fran.
( ¦ 1 » ¦ — uchc *t the **Tsf*ra of Tubsh .- —1 — ¦- -*
1:15 p. *-*.V D^ s « 1 '- 5:55 P.
F«r». Su Fnwtora to Summit >nd Bonn, II .50.
TWkM OSkM, «S1 >U&UTSTSZZT lad SADSAUTO yXJUtr.
I'
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARXT ST. Established
in 1934 for the treatment nt Primtn
XllSHases, r.<«-<t M«nnoi>d. Debility or
dis^its^ wenrlnenn body and nilrwt and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorenres »ii»n
others fall. Try him. charges low.
„ <nrf«»q.ira:ilfr<i. Caller writ*
Mr. J. F. fi>D*tOSl. isaii Francisco. Cat
•I Belli Call $1.00 BBTYea?
78
TAXES REACH
TO A MILLION
Decision Given in Chica
go Traction Com
pany Cases.
Injunction Is Dissolved and
Equalizers Fix Assess
ments.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Nov. 22.— ap
plication of the Chicago Union Traction
Company and the Consolidated Traction
Company for an injunction restraining the
State Board of Equalization from assess
ing the capital stock of those companies
for 1900 was denied this afternoon, by
Judges Grosscup and Humphrey in the
United States Circuit Court. The tempo
rary injunction Issued by Judge Grosscup
?n Chicago on Tuesday was dissolved.
Immediately after the decision was an
nounced assessments aggregating $75,000,
090 and involving over $1,000,000 in 1900
taxes were made by the State Board of
Equalization, as the fair cash value of th«
capita.! stock of the traction companies
over and above the assessment on. their
tangible property. The $75,000,000 valua
tions made take the place of the $3,500 000
valuations made last year, as representing
the fair cash value of the property as
sessed. The Teachers* Federation esti
mate was ?125.000,000.
No written opinion in the case was filed.
Juds« Grosscup stated orally at length
the reasons for the decision, explaining
that later Judge Humphrey would file a
written opinion. The method to be fol
lowed in determining the value of capital
etock for purposes of taxation was dis
cussed by Judge Grosscup at length. As
to bonds, he said, the judgment of the
money lender might be reasonably safe, !
but with capital stock it was different. It
•would be grossly unfair to base the as
sessment upon the stock values quoted on
the Stock Exchange. These were fre
quently, if not generally, determined by
circumstances quite distinct from the real
value of the stocks in question.
He cited, as an illustration, the North
ern Pacific flurry a few months ago. Then
nobody would contend that the real value
of the stock exceeded par. yet the quoted
pric© reached $1000. Nor had any court
decided that the Equalization Board must
be governed by the quotable market prices
of capital stock. He continued:
The bill in this case assumes that the board
trill not now exercise its independent judicial
function, but will confine itself to the mere
arithmetic of adding- together the indebtedness
end stock exchange quotations of the capital
etock. We are not at liberty to concur in this
assumption. We believe and are bound to be
lieve that the board trill exercise its function
us contemplated by the law. This will exclude
the supposed danger of gross discrepancy and
the supposed danger of overvaluation. If it
transpires that the board or equalization at
tempts to certify an assessed value that in its
effect would be a fraud upon any taxpayer,
th« courts will remain open to the Injured tax- |
payer. The board should be just as the State ,
wishes to be, irrespective of the past and with
out partiality, and this we will assume until
the contrary appears. The motion for prelimi
nary injunction will be overruled and the tem
porary restraining order dissolved.
KILLS HIMSELF
TO ESCAPE MOB
Lompoc Wife - Beater
Fires Bullet Into His
Brain.
LOMPOC. Nov. 22.— Fearing the wrath
of citizens who were battering down the
door of his dwelling, intent upon enforc
ing a demand that he leave this vicinity.
J. A. Burns, a wife-beater, committed sui
cide here last night. The tragedy ends
a career of cruelty and indolence that has
long aroused the wrath of the residents
of L«ompoc, and no sympathy is wasted
over the dead man.
Burrs several years ago beat his father
in-law almost to death. Since that time
he has not permitted his wife to visit
her parents and several days ago, while
his mother-in-law was on her deathbed
begging to see her daughter. Burns locked
his wire into a room and threatened to
kill any of her folks who dared to come
near his house.
On the day of her mother's death Mrs.
Burns was compelled by her husband to
prepare a feast and partake of it and he
would not permit any of his family to at
tend the funeral.
Indignant citizens yesterday ordered
Burns to leave town. This he refused to
do and ho threatened to burn the town if
any one molested him. Last night, at 10
clock, more than 100 citizens called at
his home and asked him to come out, as
they desired to have an understanding as
to his future conduct. He refused to
emerge from his dwelling and the citizens
proceeded to go in after him.
The door was ordered broken in by the
leader, and immediately two shots were
heard within. When the door was broken
In Burns was found in a dying condition
The first shot had made only a slight
fcalp wound, but the second bullet en
tered the right eye, emerging above the
left ear.
The family is not in poor circumstances,
but citizens will bury Burns and provide
a fund for his widow and two children
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEANLY "WOMAN.
Erroneously Thinks by Scouring Her !
Scalp That She Cures Dandruff.
Cleanly woman has an erroneous idea i
that by scouring the scalp, which re- j
moves the dandruff scales, she is curing !
the dandruff. She may wash her scalp !
every day, and yet have dandruff her I
life lots, accompanied by falling hair,
too. The only way in the world to cure i
dandruff is to kill the dandruff germ, and '
there is no hair preparation that will do
that but Newbro's Herpicide. Herpicide
killing the dandruff germ, leaves the hair
free to grow as healthy nature intended.
Destroy the cause, you remove the effect
Kill the dandruff germ with Herpicide.
For Stomach Disorders,
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
VBCHY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
230 BROADWAY. N. T.
[PARKER'S ™!
BH Hair i :
Balsam
• < Promotes the growth of the hair and ; I
i gives It the lustre and of youth. ' \
| When the hair Is gray or faded tb '<
§; BEINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. ! >
i It prevents Dandruff and hair tailing ! !
| and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. J
Al PP nnWl I Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL Pi|
will L> lIUII I*- Sc Overcoats and
vaiUes checked free
ME. SEYGARD SINGS "CARMEN"
IN PLACE OF MADAME CALVE
De Marchi Makes a Hit
in Role of the
Soldier.
Seygard Very Pleasing*
Under Most Trying 1
Conditions.
By Blanche Partington.
IT was a friendly though small house
that gathered to hear "Carmen" last
night at the Grand Opera-house, wilh
Camille Seygard in the title role.
There was the natural regret for
Catvc'i non-appearance, but the audience
was good tempered and determined evi
dently to make the best of things.
"Carmen" might better have been titled
."Don Jose" last night, De Marchi in the
role carrying off most of the honors. De
Marchi's work grows on one. His voice
improves with acquaintance and he was
at his best last night as Don Jose. His
Rudolfo in "La Boheme" of last Sunday
night showed him-an actor of ample intel
ligence as well as a spirited and dramatic
singer and his Don Jose deepens both im
jire=.~ior.i--. He was immediately en rap
poH with the part, singing and acting it
better than any one we have had here,
to a nattering appreciation by the audi
ence.
Mme. Seygard, who has frequently sub
stituted for Calve in the part, was the
Carmen. Mme. Seygard is not Calve, of
course, but gave a neat rendering of the
role that must be received with the defer
ence and gratitude due to the substitute
f<n all occasions and in all places. She
has a good, full contralto voice, not start
ling in quality, nor very brilliantly used,
but pleasing and fitted to the part. Mme.
Seygard v.as naturally nervous, and in
addition to the rather trying conditions
had only once rehearsed the role with De
Marchi— who himself sang his part in
French for the first time last night. The
singer seems to lack rather on the tem
peramental side, but looked a pretty
gypsy and seemed to please the house.
Scotti repeated his excellent Escamillo,
receiving again a rousing encore for the
"Toreador" song, to which he responded;
Mr. Declery was a weak Zuniga. as be
fore; Mr. Gilibert and Mr. Reiss were
again very good brigands and Miss Bau
ermeister and Mme. Van Cauteren were
effective as Frasquita and Mercedes.
Suzanne Adams as Michaela did even
better, and it was very good, than on
Wednesday evening.
This afternoon Eames will again be
heard in her lovely Elsa in "Lohengrin,"
with Van Dyck as the Silver Knight and
Schumann-Heink in her best part as
Ortrud.
To-night "II Barbiere di Siviglia" is the
bill, with another splendid cast, includ
ing' Sembrich, De Reszke, Campanari and
Salignae.
STUDENTS HEAR OPESA STARS
Schumann-Heink and David Bispham
Sing at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 22.—
The Assembly Hall was crowded to the
dcors to-night by people eager to hear
the grand opera stars, Schumann-Heink
Plans Against Our Competition.
LONDON. Nov. 23.— The Times in a
special article to-day announces that the
Institution of Civil Engineers, the In
stitution of Mechanical Engineers, the
Institution of Naval Architects and the
Iron and Steel Institute have formed a
strong committee, including Sir Benjamin
Baker, Sir John Wolfe Barry, Sir Fred
erick Bramwell and others, which has
been going thoroughly into the question
of the standardization of iron and steel,
with a view of forming a permanent
standards committee. In the course .of
an editorial the Times recommends the
movement to' the Industrial world as a
means of meeting American and German
competition.
Chinese Are Alarmed.
PORT TOWXSEND. Wash., Nov. 22.—
According to advices from the Orient
brought by the steamship Kinshiu Maru,
which arrived to-day, considerable ex
citement prevails in China over the atti
tude of the United States relative to the
exclusion law and alarm is teu among a
large number of Celestials now in China
who are entitled to return to the United
States. As the present exclusion law ex
pires In May, 3902. the basis of the fears
of the Chinese is that a new law will be
enacted of such a stringent nature that
many of the privileged class will be
barred from returning and hundreds are
preparing to rush to the United States
before the law expires.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— The Grand Jury to
day Indicted Fire Commiseioner John J. Scan
nell and William Marks, broker In fire depart
ment supplies, for alleged conspiracy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901,
CLEVER SINGER WHO "WAS SUBSTI
TUTED FOR CALVE IN "CARMEN 1
LAST NIGHT AND SOME OF THOSE
PRESENT.
FAMOUS STARS
TO APPEAR IN
OPERAS TO-DAY
MATINEE PERFORMANCE. . •¦"..
LOHENGRIN. V
BY WAGNER. ' - :
Kl«tt yon Brabant. .
Mme. Emma Games
Ortrnd .
Jimc. Schnmann-Helnk
I.obenßrin Mr. Van Dyck
Frederich yon Telramund,
BraliantUolier Graf . .' ... .
Mr. ll Uphant
Der Heerrnfer dcs Koenlgg . —
Mr. Mnhlmann
Heinrich der Vogleri Dent
. 'Bcner KocniK .. . Mr. Blass
Conductor, Mr. Danirosch.
EVENING PERFORMANCE. : ¦
IL BARBIERE DI SIVIGLIA.
- ¦ j. BY ROSSINI. .
liosinn Mme. Sembrich
Bertha . . .Miss Banermeißter
Figaro Mr. Campanarl
Basillo
.. .Mr. Edonard de Ilesstke
Bartolo Mr. T&vecchia
Sarsrente Mr. Vanni
Florello Mr. Vivian!
Conte rt'Almavlva. . .'
Mr.. Sal Ik nnc
Conductor, Mr. Seppllli.
and David Bispham. The audience gath
ered from everywhere in the vicinity
there were college students, faculty mem
bers and residents or San Jose. Santa.
Clara, Redwood City, Menlo Park, Paio
Alto and other towns in proximity of
the university. Fully 1700 people gath
ered in the hall.
Never were singars at Stanford more
enthusiastically received nor the college
audience so completely enraptured as they
were to-night. Encore followed encore,
and Mr. Fickensher, the pianist, as well
as the* operatic stars were compelled to
acknowledge the applause.
Schumann-Heink's wonderful contralto
voice was certainly at its best and the
tones of Bispham's deep barytone filled
the hall to perfection. Arthur Fickensher,
who is so well known to campus music
lovers because of his frequent appear
ances here, was greeted with a thunder
of applause as he came on for the first
number on the programme and his inter
pretation of Chopin and other composers
v.ell rewarded the efforts of the audience.
The programme rendered was as fol
lows:
Fantasle Chopin
Mr. Arthur Fickensher.
(a) Tannhau^er's "Busslied."
(b) "Hat Man Nicht?" Bach
(c) "Die Ehre Gottes" Beethoven
Mr. David Bispham.
(a) "Die Allmacht" Schubert
<b) "Wohin?" Schubert
Frau Sehumann-Heink.
' 'Isoldens Liebestod' ' Wagner-Liszt
Mr. Arthur Fickensher.
(a) "wie Bist dv Meine Konigin?" Brahms
(b) "Sapphische Ode" Brahms
(c) "Die Drei Zigeuner" Liszt
Frau Schumann-Heink.
(a) "Der Linden Baum" Schubert
(b) "Wldmung" Schumann
(c) "Edward" (old Scotch ballad) C. Loewe
Mr. David Bispham.
Public Park on Twin Peaks.
The West of Castro Street Improve
ment Club petitioned the Board of Super
visors yesterday to have Twin Peaks ap
praised and that provision be made at
the coming: bond election to have the city
acquire the lands for a public park.
UNION LEAGUE
CLUB GIVES A
LADIES' NIGHT
The members of the Union League Club
gave a ladies' night at their clubrooms
last evening. The . preparations were
elaborate and a most enjoyable evening
was spent by those who had the good for
tune to attend.
In the reception-room the tables were
all cleared: away, a canvas was laid on
the floor, and in this spacious room the
dancing was indulged in. The room was
beautifully decorated with flowers, Amer
ican Beauty roses being most conspicu
ous. / The tables were removed from the
billiard-room and this . was used as . the
banquet hall. .The programme follows;
• Tenor " solo, R. rH. Hunt; violin obllgato,
Charles E. Roblson; basso solo, .Julian Eisen
bach; soprano solo, Miss M. Fay; specialties,
W. W. Brackett; Union League Club Quartet;
solo, J. M. Yatee; violin solo. H.C.Gingg; basso
solo. J. C. Hughes; entertainer. A. N. - Mc-
Donald; solo, J. J. Fleher; Union . League Club
Quartet. ,
' The . following named were responsible
for the success of the affair : r
President George B. Clark presiding. Com
mittee on club nights and club events in charge
—William ' M. Abbott, chairman; S. J. Hendy
A. G. Booth, M. H. de Young, J. B. Fuller
J. S. Spear Jr., P. A. Vail. House committee—
A. S. Mangrum. H G. W. Dinkelspie!. O. L
Westphal. • .¦¦.---.-. ¦--.... . . . ¦¦ . :
• • ' • ->¦¦'¦*.¦
Mrs. William Cluff gave a luncheon at
Attendance Is Reduced
Owing to Change
of Singers.
Sybil Sanderson Net Able
to Appear Sunday
Night
THE inability of Madame Calve to
sing in "Carmen" last evening- at
the Grand Opera-house made a big
difference in the size of the audi
ence.
The house had been sold out well in ad
vance, but when ticket-holders learned
yesterday morning that Calve could not
sing there was a big rush to the box of
fice of the theater to exchange seats for
other nights when Calve is announced to
eppear.
That Manager Grau and his associates
have the sincere sympathy of the public
In the matter was displayed yesterday by
very few persons asking for the return
of money for tickets for last night's per
formance.
Manager Grau is indeed unfortunate
this season in the weather affecting the
heaith of some of his stars. As if the
Impresario did not have trouble enough,
he learned last night that Sybil Sanderson
was suffering from a severe cold and
would not be able to sing In "Les Hugue
nots" to-morrow night.
Mme. Camllle Seygard undertook a dif-.
ficult task last night in appearing as
Carmen in place ot Madame Calve. The
theater presented many vacant boxes and
seats in orchestra, dress circle and gal
leries, but those present were generous
to a degree in the matter of conferring
applause.
There was an absence of display of rich
dresses by the ladies and there was ab
solutely no promenading between the
acts. Even the curious who gather to
watch the buds, belles, matrons and men
alight from their carriages did not gather
in front of the opera-house, and Captain
of Police Spillane and his men had an
easy time.
There was no disposition on the part of
the audience to compare Mme. Seygard
to Calve, as it would have been manifest
ly unfair to the brave singer who under
took the role last night under most tryr
ing circumstances.
Mme. Seygard is a beatiful woman and
she charmed all by her dashing presence
and dramatic force. De Marchi, the
tenor, who for the first time sang Don
Jose in French, and Scotti, the Toreador,
and the balance of the cast were all re
cipients of applause and recalls to the
footlights.
This afternoon "Lohengrin" will be
given, with Eames, Schumann-Heink.
Van Dyck, Bispham, Muhlmann and
Blass in the cast. The bill for to-night
is "II Barbiere di Siviglia." with Sem
brich, Campanari, Salignae, Bauermeis
tcr and De Reszke in the principal roles.
In the lesson scene Sembrich will sing
"Voce di Primavera," composed for her
by Johann Strauss.
To-morrow evening "Lefi Huguenots"
will be given at popular prices, presenting
Gadski, Louise Homer, Bauermelster,
Dippel, Scotti, Muhlmann, Bars, Dufriche
and Suzanne Adams in the cast. The
superb aggregation of talent for the Sun
day night offering is causing a big de
mand for seats.
the Palace grill yesterday afternoon to
Miss Agnes Simpson. The affair was in
honor of the approaching wedding of Miss
Simpson to the Right Rev. Sidney Catlin
Partridge, D.D., Bishop of Kioto, Japan.
Those present were:
Misses Agnes and Mauri Simpson, Mrs.
Charles Perkins, Mrs. Lynda Bryan, Miss
Gcorgie Ppieker, Miss Rowena Burns, Miss
Stella Fortman. Miss Maud duff. Miss Mabel
duff and Mrs. William duff.
The wedding of Miss Simpson and
Bishop Partridg-e will take place next
Wednesday, November 27. Soon after the
ceremony the couple will depart tor
Japan, where they will reside.
Mrs. J. Parmenter Martin tendered a
reception yesterday afternoon to her
numerous friends at her home. 3346 Wash
ington street. Three hundred and fifty
invitations were issued. The residence
was prettily decorated and- the guests
spent an enjoyable afternoon. Among
those present were:
Mrs. W. R. Cluneas Sr., Mrs. W. R. Cluness
Jr.. the Misses Cluness, Mrs. C. E. Chapman,
Miss Gertrude Church, Mr*. Medau and Mrs.
E. A. Belcher.
• * *
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller gave a luncheon
to about thirty friends at the University
Club rooms yesterday afternoon. The re
ception was held in the ladies' room,
which was beautifully decorated in honor
of the occasion with flowers and autumn
leaves. An excellent menu was presented
to the guests for luncheon, which was
followed by a social hour. The affair was
successful in every way-
The Friday fortnightly of the Cotillon
Club was well attended last evening,
many members of the club and their
friends preferring the pleasure these
events afford to the opera or other attrac
tions.
CHIEF WITTMAN
USES GLAD HAND
Receives Many Congrat
ulations and Flowers
From Friends.
Says He Will Not Make Any
Radical Charges in the
Department.
The glad hand waved in Chief of Po
lice Wittman's office yesterday from foggy
morn till dewy eve. Those who could
riot cume for a Berry shake sent the
happy tidings over a wire or through the
mail. It was all sunshine and flowers for
the new Chief -whose right hand is now
aching: with cramps and his voice'hoarse
from saying "Thank you."
"Of course, I'm glad," said Wittman.
"This is no job for a day. I'm here for
four years, no matter what they say
about new Commissioners and that sort
of thing. The best legal opinion has been
given me on the subject. If they attempt
to put me out they must prefer charges
and chow cause. I'll fight for my rights
every time." And the Chief of municipal
bluecoats and long- clubs sat harder in I
his chair and held on to the flower be
strewn desk with both hands.
Will Improve Department.
"No, I haven't formed any "plans yet,"
continued Wittman, "but it is safe to say
that 1 will make no radical changes.
None are needed. Of course, there will
be some changes, but just what they will j
be cannot be announced at this time. You j
see, this is my first day and I've been
pretty busy answering telephone mes- '
sages and returning tne friendly giip of i
congratulating friends."
Then the Chief lilted back his chair and
swept his eyes around the gallery of c-x
rulers—some dead, others forgotten. "The
office of Chief of Police is a business af
fair and must be conducted as such. I !
am going to try to make this department j
worthy of the city. San Francisco is |
growing rapidly and in ten years will be ''
a very great municipality. Its Police !
Department must keep step with this
growth. 1 shall use ail my native strength
to fulfill the duties of the position and
make San Francisco proud of its police
force."
At this juncture the Chief was inter
rupted by a few stragglers of the glad
hand army. Some knew that the oest
man had been appointed and others were
just as full of hopes and good wishes. [
The Chief worked his arm in pump fash- !
lon and smiled on a/B,
Many Congratulatory Telegrams.
The office of the Chief looks like a bow- !
er. His New York police <.riends havt
been more than congratulatory. From \V.
H. Mc-Laughlin, Deputy Chitf of Police i
of New York City, he received a hand- i
some floral stand. George McClusky, cap- ;
tain of detectives in New York, likewise
remembered him. Walter L. Thompson, I
police inspector in the same city, now on '
a visit here, sent a big star of ehrysan- ;
Uiemums. A box of violets was the to- j
ken from the Mexican Consul. Other
flora] gifts were scattered about the office 1
in sucn profusion that the new Chief
tripped over them every time he arose. ;
At half past 5 yesterday afternoon Com- •
pany A lined up and was addressed by j
the Chief. He toid the men that merit .
would be the keynote of the service; that :
they should fear nothing as fung as they
were in the strict lines of duty, and that
the rights of citizens and property must
be protected.
Down in the graystone building with ;
the big clock there is much guessing over ¦
elevations. The appointment of Wittman !
leaves two vacancies in the captaincies. !
The six lieutenants— Birdsall, Martin, An- !
derson, Price, Mooney and Esola— are .
singing songs that might as well be made !
into a sextet, for the words are the same.
All appointments can be but temporary,
however, for the civil service ru^es apply. ;
Chief Wittman was given an ovauon j
last evening by the members of the I
Northern police station.
Shortly after 5 o'clock about 300 mem
ben of the department assembled at the j
Central station to express their gratifica
tion at the selection of Captain Wittman
as the successor to the late Chief Sulli- ;
van.
As the officers fell in line Chief Witt
man, accompanied by Commissioners
Newhall and Howell, entered and were
vociferously cheered.
Lieutenant George Birdsall introduced
the new Chief and in a few well chosen
words paid a high compliment to his !
abilltv as an officer.
Wittman then addressed the men amid
great enthusiasm.
"If I were the brightest orator," he be
gan, "I could not express my delight in
the reception that you gentlemen have
accorded me. We have all met under try
ing circumstances when we were called
' out only a short time ago to protect life
| and property. That we did our duty no
i body can truthfully deny. The Police
I Commissioners saw fit to make me Chief,
and I Intend to prove to them that they
I made no mistake when they promoted
me to the responsible position. I want
you all to obey orders and you will find
in me a friend. My office is open to you
at all times, and when you want advice
don't hesitate to ask me. I am proud
of the department and Intend to do all in
my power to make it second to none in
the world."
At the conclusion of his remarks the
new Chief was loudly cheered by his men.
As he stepped from the improvised ros
trum he was presented with a magnifi
cent floral piece, bearing the inscription:
"Success to Our Chief. Co. A."
Lieutenant George Birdsall made the
presantation speech and was followed by
Lieutenant John Martin, who in a few
words paid a fitting tribute to the new
head of the department.
Commissioners Newhall and Howell also
addressed the men and were loudly
cheered.
To-day Chief Wittman will address the
officers of the Southern station.
CHINESE EXCLUSION CONVENTION.
Continued From Page Three.
secure all uossible protection from the evils
herein »et forth.
"Votes of thanks were extended to the
chairman, executive committee, press and
others.
While waiting: for Rev. Peter C. Yorke
to put in an appearance requests for
speeches were made and Senator Bulla
was forced to take the platform, and he
said In part:
I am only going to say from the stage what
I attempted to say at my seat, that 1 do not
think that this is the time for me to make any
remarks to this convention. In the first place,
•with some other devoted souls, I was at work
until 9 o'clock this morning on the memorial
and the resolution!!, and we have be?n at work
all day on them, with what success you have
Just heard. I will only say in addition to that
that I want to emphasize the necessity and
the importance of continued watchfulness on
the Dart of the executive committee of this
convention. I never have yet known a cause
so just that it could win itself, or would care
for Itself. It must have constant attention,
anxious and energetic attention to make it
succeed.
I believe that the Congressional delegation
from the State of California is able. I know it
will bo watchful for the purpose of carrying
out the object of this convention; but I say
to you that, with all of the multifarious duties
that will be Imposed upon them in the city
of Washington, they will need assistance from
the outside; they must have it in order to
succeed as we e-toect them to succeed in the.
efforts which we have Inaugurated here to
day. And so the crowning effort of this con
vention should be in the selection of a proper
committee, of an earnest and enthusiastic com
mittee to attend at Washington to assist our
delegation there in carrying out the purposes
of this convention.
I thank you very kindly, gentlemen, for
calling on me (Applause.)
JATHEB YOBKE SPEAKS
TO THE BIG CONVENTION
Delivers a Timely Address on tbe
Subject of Chinese Ex
clusion.
Senator Davis' announcement that the
memorial to be presented to the proper
authorities at Washineton was drawn uo
WITHIN REACH. I
t—^JECAUSE of its low price Ivory Soap is
rSf within the reach of all. Besides its low
12Z^ cost it has the advantage that it is
entirely satisfactory for so many varied uses ;
it will do the work of a half dozen kinds
of soap each intended for a special purpose.
IVORY SOAP IS 99 4 >i£ PER CENT. PURE.
hy Mayor Phelan was received with ap
plause.
There was a lull In the proceedings un
til Father Yorke appeared. When the
wel. known priest was escorted to the
plutform he was greeted with applause.
Cl airman Geary Introduced Father Yorke,
who sDoke as follows:
We are now face to face with an immigra
tion which its emphatically not Christian,
have nothing to say about the ideals or about
the morality oi the Chinese. They may be very
gouti in their own place and that is in China.
(Laughter.) But aa somebody has defined dirt
as matter cut of place, ao we may say that
the virtues of the Chinese, be they never ao
great and never so tittine for their own coun
try, are out of place in this. Their thoughts
are not our thoughts; their blood Is not our
blood; their outlook is not our outlook. They
have a different way of looking at things.
And they have this, gentlemen, which is the
most important of all: They have such a
power or numbers that what perhaps they
might not be able to accomplish by the su
periority ot their morality or by their more
acute ingenuity, they can do by brute force.
The greatest man that ever lived is powerless
against the force of the elements. It was a
great and powerful king who stood before the
advancing waves of the sea and said to them.
"Thus far and no farther," and the sea poured
over him and his royalty. It is the same with
us. We may be in the^lead of all the nations,
we may have the most acute intellects, we
may have the highest education, but what
are we against this great sea which is beating
now urwm our shores, which is as »
tidal wave and which if we do not build up
our battlements high and strong may over
whelm us and everything we hold dear. (Ap
plause.) Therefore, gentlemen, because the
Chinese civilization Is not our civilization, be
cause their ideals and their outlook are dif
ferent from ours, because they would build up
here something that would be entirely con
tradictory to our Institution?, that Is the first
reason why every American, no matter whether
he lives upon the Pacific Coast, or on tha
Atlantic, by the shores of the Great Lakes, or
by the shores of the gulf, is bound to stand
with California and with the Pacific States in
their demand that the walls be built up against
tfea Chinese immigration.
When the applause subsided cheers were
flven for Chairman Geary and Father
Yorke and the convention then adjourned
sine die.
MAYOR-ELECT SCHMITZ
WAS UNABLE TO ATTENTD
Sends a Letter Expressing His Ideas
' on the Exclusion of the
Chinese.
Labor had its inning at the afternoon
session of the convention. Mayor-elect
Schmitz, leader on ihe labor unions'
ticket, was unable to attend, and sent the
following letter:
WATSON VILLE. Cal.. Nov. 20. 1901.
To the Chairman of the Chinese Exclusion
Convention, Metropolitan Temple. San Fran
cisco — Dear Sir: I regret that I shall be unable
to attend the meeting of the Chinese Exclusion
Convention, but teg to express through you to
the convention my earnest and sincere sym
pathy with the objects of your meeting.
The Chinese as a race must be excluded from
our shore; from Injurious competition with our
labor: from obstructive Interference with our
Industries and from damaging contact with our
civilization.
This is not a problem of race prejudice, but
one of conservation of our American homes and
our American life. Indeed, the question of Chi
nese exclusion is no longer a problem at all. It
is a demonstrated proposition. No one on this
coast who possesses any social or political in
telligence and foresight can see two sides to
the question. There is but one. The Chinese
must be excluded. The Chinese exclusion act
must be re-enacted and Its provisions fortified,
and it should be made also to embrace Japa
nese, whose unchecked immigration is becoming
even aa disastrous as that of their Chinese
neighbors.
I believe In the protection of American labor
against the cheap labor of foreign lands and tn
the protection of the American laborer and his
home and family against the invasion of Mon
golian hordes.
For any assistance or support in furtherance
of these views and the objects of your conven
tion 1 shall ever be at your command.
E. E. SCHMITZ, Mayor-elect.
Cheers were given for Mayor Schmitz,
and when the applause subsided Con
gressman Woods secui;-i the attention of
the convention and said:
I forgot this morning in that razzle-dazzle
talk of mine (laughter) to make of you one re
quest for the delegation; and that Is that wo
don't want you to bite off here more than we
can chew in Washington. I mean by that this;
If we can re-enact, in the presence of the pos
sible opposition which we will have there, the
Geary act with the proposed amendments
thereto, we will have achieved a great victory
• applause) and let the Japanese question abide
a while .and we will take care of that a little
later. (Applause and cries of "Good.")
\V. A. Cole, a member of Carpenters'
Union 483, was next introduced and
was given a hearty ieception. He re
ferred to the failure of the Chinese to
assimilate the customs of the country and
expressed the opinion that the declaration
of the Chinese Exclusion Convention
would have great weight with Congress
as it represented every phase of life in
California.
Mr. Ryan of San Jose followed and
spoke of Chinese conditions and the ira
bility of laboring men to comp«te with
these mere human machtnes.
J. A. Mclvor expressed the opinion th*t
laboring men throughout the United
States would come to the aid of Califor
nia and bring about the exclusion of the
Chinese.
E. L. Malsbury. another representa
tive of the Carpenters' Union of San
Francisco, spoke in the same strain F
C. Wheeler of Los Angeles indorsed the
sentiments of preceding speakers.
A delegate called attention to the fact
that the committee on resolutions ard
memorials had no authority to employ *a
secretary- He therefore made a motion
granting them the necessary power Th#
motion prevailed.
PASSAGE OP EXCLUSION
BILL TO BE ADVOCATED
"Well-Known Citizens to Go to Wash
ington to Secure the Necessary
ILe^islation.
At the close of the convention the com
mittee on resolutions and memorial held
a session on the platform of Metropolitan
Temple and organized as an executive
committee to press the campaign. Upon
motion of Senator Davis of Amador T
J. Geary, author of the famous exclusion
act and chairman of the convention was
elected chairma* of the committee. Sen
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ator Davis was elected vice chairman and
J. McLaughlin secretary.
Chairman Geary was empowered to ap
point five delegates to go to Washington
and press the passage of a new exclusion
act. Mr- Geary selected Hon. Jame3 D.
Phelan, Andrew Furuseth and Truxton
Beale. and will choose two more gentle
men to-morrow.
MWILA Nov. 22.— New3 received her* from
the island 'of riamar Is encourajtn*. although
up to the present time there hava been no
wholesale surrenders of native*.
ALBANY N. Y. Nov. 22. -The law paa«ed by
the last Legislature prohibiting ticket scalping
was to-day declared to be unconstitutional by
the Court of Appeals.
Advebtisements.
Cured of His
Rheumatism
The Remarkable Experience of
a Rheumatic Sufferer.
Suffered Intensely lor Two Years— Could
Get No Relief Until He Took
Haipruncr's — Cured in
Two WeeKs.
A poor, lame sufferer came hobbling
into Dr. Halpruner'3 offlc© on crutches
about three weeks ago.
Hi 3 every movement signified pain and
dreadful suffering.
This poor man had rheumatism tn his
legs—he could barely walk— he had suf-
fered for two years and during this time
had taken many medicines and spent
much money with well known doctors.
He was in the throes of agony and al-
most without confidence in any cure.
Dr. Halpruner provided a seat for the
sufferer and made him as comfortable a »
possible, and as soon as he regained his
composure he told a story of pain and
misery— tlie result of contracting a severe
case i~t rhtumattsm.
For many years this poor man worked
as night nreman in a manufacturing es-
tablishment, where- he would become
overheated from his work, and as his
hour of quitting was 5 in the morn-
ing he would go out of the warm
fireroom into the cold, brisk morning air.
On ono severely cold morning this ma i
was taken with severe pains in his legs.
He was laid up with rheumatism for sev-
eral months, and after taking the best uf
care of himself seemed to get better. But
as soon as he resumed his labor hl3 rheu-
matism returned, and he had not been
without pain for almost eighteen months.
He tried every medicine he had read oC
and visited scores of doctors, all of whom
prescribed medicines for him to take. Ho
took everything that was recommended
for his rheumatism, but it still remained;
the pains were still there and he would
get no relief and was compelled to suffer
tortures that only a person who haa ha«l
rheumatism can appreciate.
A couple of weeks ago this sufferer no-
ticed the announcements which claims!
that Dr. Halpruner' 9 Wonderful Medi-
cine would cure rheumatism.
Thi3 poor sufferer had so little confi-
dence in advertised cures and paid littia
attention to the announcements until he
read of IV. Halpruner giving trial treat-
ment free, and he finally decided to visit
Dr. Halpruner and see what could ba
done for his rheumatism.
Dr. Halpruner gave him a trial treat-
ment with Halpruner's Wonderful M«d.-
cine, rubbing the medicine thoroughly
Into the painful parts. He also gave him
an internal dose, and in less than two
hpurs' treatment the patient felt consid-
erably better. The pain had left him, b> ;
he still complained of .weakness. Dr.
Halpruner gave him a bottle of the Wor.-
derful Medicine and advised him to take
a teaspoonful every two hours and to
apply the medicine thoroughly to the af-
flicted parts two or three times a day.
Last week this same patient walked
into the doctor's office without the aid i
the crutches and apparently as well and
spry as any man, and claimed that he
was entirely cured of his rheumatism,
and most sincerely praised the effective-
ness of Halpruner'a Wonderful Medicine.
All druggists sell Halpruner's Wonder-
ful Medicine— 50c and $1 a bottle. The
dollar size contains three times the quan-
tity of the smaller size. Some druggis i
may try to talk you out of it, but pay no
attention to what they have to say and
demand the genuine
/falpruner's
A Trial Treatment.
All persons interested in Halpruner's
Wonderful Medicine are Invited to call
any afternoon between 1 and 4 o'clock, ~4
except Saturdays and 3und<*> 3. where
they may get a trial treatment absolutely
free. 28 California atra«CEX-GERMAN EMBASSADOR
TO ENGLAND IS DEAD
Count yon Hatzfeldt-Wildenburg Passes Away
Peacefully in the Presence of Wife and Son.
LONDON. Nov. 22— Count yon Hatz
feldi-Wildenburg, who a few days
ago retired from the post of Ger
man Embassador to Great Britain,
died at^the embassy this morning.
The Count yon Hatzfeldt returned from
a holiday six weeks ago and since that
time had only been able to leave his house
once or twice, and then in a bath chair.
He suffered gTeatly from asthma and on
Sunday his maiady developed into conges
tion of the lungs. From this attack Count
yon Hautfeldt never rallied, but died
peacefully this morning in the presence of
ie-and son. He was conscious up to
last night, when he received the last sac
rament of the church and then lapsed
into a state of coma. His body will be
burled in th« family vault in Germany.
CASTRO JAILS
WAR MINISTER
President of Venezuela
Suspects a Conspir
acy Exists.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Thursday, Nor.
Si. via Haitien cable— President Castro,
believing that a conspiracy to overthrow
him existed, caused the arrest to-day at
Puerto Cabello of Raymond Guerra, tne
Minister of Wor. The President also
brought about the arrest at Caracas of a
cumber of partisans of Guerra, amon?
them Mor.taubon. who claims to be a
French citizen.
The arrests have caused a great sensa
tion. Joachim Garido succeeds Guerra as
Minister of War. President Castro be
lieves Senor Ma! Os and General Reira and
Juan Pietri to be concerned in this con
spiracy against his authority.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao,
Nov. 22, via Haitieu cable.— President
Castro has cabled his representative
here, saying the present revolutionary
movement, which Is beginning to be
called the Matos revolution, has been
frustrated. The truth of his statement
is denied, here, where it i? stated this rev
olution has not yd begun. A steamer
alleged to have on b/>ard 600,000 cartridges
and 13.C0C Mauser rifles, destined for the
use of Venezuelan revolutionists, is ex
pected to arrive in the West Indies about
the middle of December. The representa
tives of this revolutionary movement now
here say the revolt will start after these
arms end ammunition are available, and
that the movement will receive the active
cr passive co-operation of large numbers
of Venezuelans who. they say, are becom
ing tired of the existing state of affairs
in Venezuela, which Is characterized by
President Castro's political opponents as
the "state of anarchy and persecution
created by the Castro government."
From itcent report? received here it
eppears 'hat p number of Inoffensive
traders and citizens, incapable of start
ing a revolution, have been arrested in
Venezuela at the Government's orders. It
is further said that these political pris
oners are to be held as hostages for a
premeditated forced loan by the Govern
ment.
JEFFERSON" VILLK, Ind., Nov. 22.— The spe
cial Grand Jury, selected to investigate the
Rathhun insurance conspiracy and murder case,
this afternojn returned an indictment against
Newell C. Rathbun charging him with murder
in the first degree.
POSTUM CEBEAJ..
FIXED THE MINISTER.
And He Needed Looking; After.
"In a minister's family in Los Angeles,
where I was visiting some time ago, the
wife complained of serious Indigestion
and dysi>epsia. She admitted that she
used coffee and said she more than half
believed that was the trouble. I told her
that I knew it was the trouble, for I had
gone through with the experience myselT
and had only been cured when I left off
coffee and took up Postum Food Coffee.
"She said she had tried the Postum, both
for herself and her husband, but they did
not like it. With her permission, I made
Postum next morning myself, and boiled
It full fifteen minutes after the real boil- j
ing: of the pot began. Then when It was i
served it was a rich, deep brown color and
had the true flavor and food value that
every Postum maker knows. It is all fol-
ly to talk about trying to make Postum
with one or two minutes' steeping.
"You can't get something good for noth-
ing. It must be boiled, boiled, boiled, and
to keep it from boiling over use a small
Jump of butter, perhaps twice the size of a
pea. That morning the minister and his
wife liked Postum so well that their
whole lives were changed on the question
of diet and they abandoned coffee at once
and for all time.
"Now, after a hard day's work, they are
comforted, refreshed and rested by a cup
of well-made Postum for supper. They
are both enthusiastic In Its praise. The
wife has entirely recovered from her dys-
pepsia. I will not go into the details of
my own case except to say that I was a
desperate sufferer with dyspepsia, and \
discovered, by leaving off coffee, that eof- j
fee was the cause of It. I quickly got well
when I took up Postum Food Coffee. I
earnestly hope many more coffee drinkers
may get their eye*} open." Name and ad-
dress given by Poetum Cereal Co., Ltd.,
Battle Creek, Mich. -^J
NOTED GERMAN DIPLOMAT
WHO DIED YESTERDAY AFT
ER A SHORT ILLNESS.
NO BALM FOR HIS
SHATTERED HEART
Clerk Gilkey Drops His
Suit Against Mrs.
Northam.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22.— Stanley D.
Gilkey has changed his mind about press
ing his breach of promise suit for $50,000
against Mrs. Robert J. Northam. The
case was dismissed to-day.
The filing of the action was the sequel
to the rather sensational marriage of
Mrs. Northam. She was, before her mar
riage to wealthy Colonel Northam, Miss
Leotia Kej'll Stoney, and filled a position
as stenographer for the Los Angeles Her
ald. She is a blonde, tall, handsome and
stylish in appearance. She met Colonel
Northam about two months before their
marriage, which took place on July 23.
The husband was 52 and the bride 20
years of age.
In his breach of promise suit Gilkey.
a young man of 22 years in the employ
of a local clothing firm, alleged that on
April 1 Mrs. Northam, then Miss Stoney,
promised to marry him, and that August
15 was set as the date for the wedding.
Mrs. Northam at the time the 6ult
was filed declared that she had never
been In love with any one but Colonel
Northam, who was also made a party to
the action. She admitted that she might
have imagined herself in love with her
young admirer, but declared that the en
gagement was broken off by mutual con
sent on June 10.
Gilkey and his attorney, F. W. Allander,
and Mrs. Northam and her attorney, E.
A. Meserve, were at the Courthouse to
day to dismiss the suit.
At the time the action was begun Col
onel Northam asserted that if the case
were not carried to a trial he would sue
the plaintiff for malicious persecution.
To-day Mr. Gilkey's representative asked
the defendants if this threat would be
forgotten If the case were dismissed. The
answer was in the affirmative and Gilkey
dropped his legal proceedings.
Mrs. Nbrtham said to-night that no
money was paid to Gilkey and there was
no compromise. It was a surrender on
the part of the plaintiff, who, she says,
saw that no good could come to him from,
the action.
Message Bead to the Cabinet.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— President
Roosevelt finished the reading of his
mefsasre to Congress to the Cabinet mem
bers at their regular session to-day. It
is understood to make between 28,000 and
30,000 words. Secretary Root talked to
the Cabinet for some time about a feature
of his annual report, which will provide
for a board of instruction to supervise the
work of the several schools of instruction
for officers of the army. This system of
higher instruction will, in effect, establish
an entirely new branch of army educa
tion-
President on a Short Cruise.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— President and
Mrs. Roosevelt, accompanied by their
children, left here this afternoon on the
yacht Sylph for a brief cruise down the
Potomac. A Presidential salute of twen
ty-one guns was fired as the President
went aboard the yacht. The President
and family will be gone a day or two.
Double Tragedy on a Ship.
MOBILE, Ala., Nov. 22.— The British
bark Birnam Wood, from Rio Janeiro,
came into port to-day in charge of the
mate, who reported a double tragedy at
sea. On November 18 Captain Morris
killed the steward and this morning the
captain jumped overboard and was
drowned.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— 1n the appeal case of the
Attorney General of Manitoba versus the Mani
toba Lloense Holders' Association the Privy
Council has decided that the Legislature of
Manitoba has Jurisdiction to enact a liquor
law.
OTTAWA. Ont, Nov. 22.— An application will
be made to Parliament to incorporate the Lake
Bennett Railway Company to build a road
from Dye River to Lake Bennett and tnence
to Selkirk, in the Yukon Territory,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER '23, 1901.
OIL MEN FROM
SOUTH TESTIFY
They Fear General Rate
Reduction Would
Hurt Them.
Railroad Commissioners Se
cure Very Little In
formation.
The second day of the rehearing of the
oil rate case before the Railroad Com
missioners developed little that was new.
The complainant resumed with the pres
entation of the testimony of A. J. Samu
els, secretary of the West Shore company,
which does business in the Kern River
district.
Mr. Samuels was positive that the re
duction of rail rates for moving Califor
nia oil from the San Joaquln Valley
points to San Francisco would be of bene
fit to the oil industry. The switching
charge, of which so much has been said,
he also regarded as unjust. His company
produces 1200 barrels of oil dally.
T. L. Reed, one of the original exploit
ers of the Kern River district, who is con
nected with the Reed Crude Oil Company,
testified that his company has twenty
two producing wells and can produce 2000
barrels of oil per day. Reducing the
freight rates would help producers. Con
tracts made with the clause that reduc
tions in freight rates shall go to the con
sumer would benefit the consumer. It
would be beneficial to the industry to
have the switching charge stopped.
W. A. Bissell of the Santa Fe testified
that the Santa Fe has a eoptract under
which 1 cent per barrel is paid to tne
Southern Pacific Company for oil hauled
over the Kern district switch for the
Santa Fe. His company, he said, has no
financial interest in the switching.
Los Angeles Views.
Thomas A. Hughes of Los Angeles tes
tified for the defense that oil is selling
in Los Angeles at 40 cents per barrel. The
price has been going down and the con
dition of the oil industry in Los Angeies
is bad. There is an excess production
there of from 15,000 to 300,000 barrels per
month. No coal was used for, making
power in Los Angeles when oil sold for
$1 65 per barrel, and no coal is sold there
now for that use. Oil is used exclusively.
Formerly Los Angeles sold its surplus in
San Francisco ana got $1 50 per barrel for
It before the Kern fields were discovered.
He did not think that lowering the rail
rates to San Francisco would benefit the
producer, for the price for oil would fall
just the same amount of the reduction
because the competition of the producers
is so sharp and they will take what they
can get. To Mr. Short the witness said
on cross-examination that under normal
and permanent conditions the price for
oil in the market and the rail rate both
being fixed, a lower rail rate, being taken
rom the cost to the consumer, would
cause greater consumption of oil.
Thomas O'Donnell of Los Angeles testi
fied for the carriers about as Mr. Hughes
had. "When the Kern River district pro
ducers could get together and act to
gether they will be benefited by lower
freight rates. At present they will
not be benefited by a lower rate.
Attorney Short examined on this
line, and the witness said also that to
raise rates would not benefit the pro
ducer. He was of the opinion that if the
railroad charges for moving oil were
reduced all over the State injury wouid
result to the Los Angeles oil producers,
ahe rate on oil from Bakersfleld to Los
Angeles is 52 cents.
"Well," said Attorney Short, "that Is a
good protection for Ljs Angeles "
Manager Edward Strasburg of the Oil
Storage and Transportation Company of
J^os Angeles agreed with the two pre'eeu
ing witnesses on the point that while tha
Kern County produceis are not compet
ing so keenly and the price is so low, a
reduction in freight rates would not ben
efit the producers. Fitly cents per barrel
was none too much tor the Kern oil at
the wells. There would be no trouble to
get $1 per barrel for the oil in San Fran
cisco. At that price oil could crowd out
all other fuels used for power making
Los Angeles cannot produce oil as cheap
ly as the Kern River district. When oil
goes below 70 cents per barrel in Los An
getes that means a loss to the producers
ban Francisco would consume as much
oil at $1 per barrel as it would at 75
cents per barrel.
« ra » k A ' parlutt of Los Angeles testi
fied like the other men from Los An
geles about the freignt rate reduction
that was asked for. While 50 cents for
oil at the Kern River wells might pay a
profit for a time to the producer it
would not permanently, he said. He ai
mitted under cross-examination that un
der permanent conditions lower prices for
fuel oil would be better for manufac
turers.
At the afternoon session Senator R N
Bulla and Attorney J. A. Graves, both
of Los Angeles, were examined. They
were called by the Southern Pacific Com
pany to show that a reduction of the
freight rate from B<ikersfield to San
Francisco would seriously militate
against the profits of the Los Angeles oil
producers.
Senator Bulla Testifies.
Senator Bulla testified that oil had prac
tically taken the place cl coal in Los An
geles, and that $1 50 per barrel was very
cheap. He said the reduction and price
to 60 cents a barrel and less has not ma
terially increased its consumption He
ascribed this statement to the fact that
jus=t so much oil would be consumed un
der present circumstances, and unless tl c
output was curtailed the price at the
wells would be dill further reduced
"In my opinion." continued the Senator
"a low freight rate tends to reduce the
price of the oil and brings no benefit
either to the producer or the consumer "
In response to a question from Attorney
Short. Senator Bulla delved into the pro
tective tariff proposition, holding that
while a high rate was good for the pro
ducer in one locality, :t might not be so
good in another.
Witness Graves, under coaching from
Attorney Herrin, said that he was "a
lawyer who had wandered from" the fo^
to go into the oil business." He gave an
interesting resume of :he fluctuatians in
the prices of oi! in Los Angeles since its
discovery.
"I think," continued Graves, "that if
freight rates were reduced the price of
oil would still go lower. At presen*
prices there is an absolute and sinful
waste of $20 gold pieces, and the on'y
remedy is in a combination to store and
control the output. The Bakersfleld field
alone will supply the whole State of Cal
ifornia for a century."
As the Southern Pacific Company had
no more witnesses on hand, at the conclu
sion of Mr. Graves' testimony an ad
journmont was taken i:nlil Monday after
noon at 2 o'clock, when representatives
of the Santa Fe and the Southern
Pacific companies will testify.
PAINTINGS EXHIBITED
AT PALACE HOTEL
Artist Jj. P. Latimer and Pupils Dis
play Result of Year's "Work.
The fourth annual exhibition of paint
ings by L. P. Latimer and his pupils
opened yesterday afternoon In the maple
room of the Palace Hotel. The work of
the artists was viewed by many persons
and it was the general opinion that the
exhibition was better than those of pre
vious years. • .
Artist Lratimer has some very fine ma
rine views and his paintings of scenes in
the redwoods were generally admired
Landscapes, studies from life and scenes
in Chinatown find a considerable repre
sentation in the exhibits of the pupils
While some of the works have faults the
bulk. of the exhibits are above the aver
age of pupils in art schools.
Among those who are exhibiting: are
Margaret W. Buck, Josephine E. Chap
man, H. Sayle , Courvoisler, Nonna L
Castle. Miss H. C. Chandler, Mrs 1 Sarah
E. Dorr, M. Easton, Robert Green OH
Hansen, Lilian Howard, Ada E. Hutton"
Ruth L. McCarthy, Agnes McCrystle
Edith M. Moulton, St. J Smitten
Stella Gertrude Trask, < E. Urry, F Edith
7 tfl « d li- E. llson> A L Zabel Mrs
A. C. Herrick Miss R. W. Brooks, Miss
de Lappe and Anna F. Dearborn.
The exhibition .was well patronized last
evening and will be open this afternoon
and night* • ¦ ¦ . "
H^SkS? Ira SSf I I I ff I 1 - "M s w i HHi j m muJ[ %JM § M a § il 'B a 1W 1
ABB? «w» m m Mm Mm* *2 ¦ ¦ BBKJ J M 0 ¦R^A. * .^M m m m I^o • £E** 1 m m Mi
i^JLffi Lmmii i mt*^* tiß I/fif / Cl 1 1 1 i SSj
• *Ev ' B flfl **' y mßu X ' Bf ' * BBp ~ • 'B: M - Act m - BBHOB A W8 B Iff w ' w * £Jf ± a B^SSbßk A mb 9 w &t B^dipV^^S^i^TSC^B
[I
I OOCtOrS JVlVStificd Grateful Letters from Cured Women. I
jfc£«^ H^Srj^ ful & thousand times since I wrote to you for whftt
1 • physician and tells him a story, but not the whole story. I^7 *^^ &*f "My troubles were backache, headache*
She holds something back, loses her head, becomes 1,2* ne 7? S *!? fee ?? r \ p f I
j £ , T. , „ „ \^2r* >t#- and leucorrhoea. I took four bottles of Vege-
agitated, forgets what she wants to say, and finally con- i- 1g table Compound, one box of Liver pm 3 , La
H ceals what she OUght to have told, and thus Completely JbISSS^P HL I used One Package of Sanative Wash, and am £j
mystifies the doctor. WS/^w^^^m now wel1 "
Is it any wonder, therefore, that the doctor fails to f™jii F££2£%fl£2
cure the disease ? Still, we cannot blame the woman, for H l " l II ter, Ohio.
it is very embarrassing to detail some of the symptoms of
H her suffering, even to her family physician. It was for advi'ce I *!^-* ] «'« ' Pinkham:— When j wrote to you some time ago for ¦
ra this reason that years ago Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, at Lynn, could not stand on feet for fifteen minutes a time. so ill that I i'\
thlS reason that years ago Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, at Lynn, could not stand on my feet for fifteen minutes at a time.
I Mass., determined to step in and help her sex. ; Having had anduL^t/rof^^ !^^ i
& Considerable experience m treating female ills With her backache, and nervous prostration. My kidneys were out of order and -*|
¦ Vegetable Compound, she encouraged the women of Amer- was^ng^o^um^ *1&£^ t Z£, l &££gSS£iA I
H ica to write to her for advice in regard to their complaints, Vegetable Compound and followed your advice faithfully for six months, y
H and hpino* a Woman it wa<? Piicv for hflr nilino- cicf«ra frk with the result that I became a well woman, and it did not cost me . h
1 ana ueing d. woman, IS was easy lOr ncr ailing BlSterS 10 nearly as much as a doctor's bill for the same number of weeks. I feel 1
U pour into her ears every detail of their suffering. that your medicine saved my life."— SAMUEL BORST, 7 Cozy M
f. In this way she was able to do for them what the phy-
B Sicians were Unable to do, Simply because she had the " Deak Mrs. Peikham:— l feel that words are but feeble to express f|
H proper information to work upon, and from the little group ? hearts gratitude, when there is so much to be thankful for as I have. pj
H¦¦ * . r ' 1 -. .' o "f 1 suffered with womb trouble for five years, and our family physician >/i
BOf Women Who SOUght her advice years ago, a great army sajd an operation was needed; but I dreaded It, and reading of Lydia n
lof her fellow-beings are to-day constantly applying for lX?^'22ffi%3tt^^ l^Z£2t\l!2 |
» advice and relief , and the fact that more than one hundred strong and well ; experienced no pain or trouble, and the Compound ft
H thousand Of them have hnAn snrressfnllv trAJiM \\\r "Mm built up my entire system. I shall always bless the day I started to B
n inoubduu 01 mem nave Deen SUCCeSBIUIiy treated Dy Mrs. take your medicine; it proved my greatest good."— MISS SOPHIE
a Pinkham during the last year is indicative of the grand bonham, 281 o»k St., Chicago, iil |j
results which are produced by her unequaled experience
and training. " EAB Mrs. Pctkham : — I want to tell yon what your medicine has
& " done for me. I believe it saved my life. I had womb trouble and in-
I; No physician in the world has had SUCh a training, Or flammation of the ovaries, and was troubled with flowing too much. I H
I - u- .-,„., ~T, nn ~w» _i. ' '£ • £ l- 1. 1. ' 3 x •,¦ ,1 had two doctors, but they did me no good. After writing to you, I besran Cl
I has SUCh an amount Of information at hand to assist in the the use of your remedies, and to-day lam well. I cannot say enough in li
I treatment of all kinds of female ills, from the simplest your favor and shall always praise your Vegetable Compound, |j
...,,. ,  i. , -i -i. r KUiU. Jj£iU, t>ox s£o, Ctkowhegan, Maine.
local irritation to the most complicated diseases of the
WOmb. ? : ... . 1 irfffihn^i I' December 23, 180©. H
I This, therefore, is the reason why Mrs. Pinkham, in JkL * "Dear Mrs Putkham:— i feel that it is my 3
v l n u™, o^ 4. t >r • 1 i i j . \i fJIS'9EF^BI duty to write and tell you of the benefit I have de- N
I 4I 4 her laboratory at Lynn, Mass., is able to do more for the illlP^ rived from the use of L dia E - P*nkhanr» veje- i
. ailing women of America than the family physician. Any illF^ J ? ble •v C^ mpoun £* - 1 wrote to you laat Juno and U
 _ .. jtr j j f^&f' /^^ > mcM described my sufferings. .v _;•¦ v
woman, tnererore, is responsible for her own "suffering . \ray "^ t*^ "I took seven bottles of your medicine and was ft
who will not take the trouble to write to Mrs. Pinkham W 0} %££%* wL'aw^m I
for advice. ; • 1& ***S?l I home and was obliged to return. I started to take H
'.' s y* /-. rnt, a ¦t.^.r.t.:.^- • i !• « ' ', i, ¦"  . , ; Tv —/ I your medicine again and was soon well. ' •• H
lne testimonials Which We are Constantly publishing jk/^te-fe^ " When I wrote to you last summer I weighed H
from grateful women establish beyond a doubt the power E2g^§3tesl %*Z °- c , h "?J red an T d five - I now weigh one hun- |
.of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to WifW^J dred Juid thirteen. lam very grateful to you for 1
Of Lydia E. Pinkliam'S Vegetable Compound to mlfM^UfSf^ lf the good advice you gave me, and would recommend
conquer female diseases, , : - • " l^^^^^^J y° ur medicine to all who suffer from female weak- ¦ |
f| ness."— MßS. B. CUNNINGHAM, Oakland, lIL
& mr mm 4^^^ M^'iffk DCIA# A O f*^ *v °' Tin? *° *** i**? that some skeptical pebple have from time to time questioned
fc^. §f W W Sg-m fl &> Wtf « B^ O ?8? 8 eOTuinenws of -totetißipnial letters tvo are constantly publishing. w9w 9 have H
M II Mm f| «fc» au«-^B U tof dcr-oatetl with tho National Citj- Bank, of Lvm, Mass.. $5,000 which -^ll be paid *1
m. .¦ m B to any person who will show thai the above testimonials are not genuine, or "were oubiished before obtainnu
writers' special permission.— Lydia E. Finkham Mjujictsx Co., Ljua, Mass,
Telegraph Hill Feud.
The Parata and Johnston families, who
live on Alta street, Telegraph Hill, have
not lived in neighborly fashion for a long
time. Yesterday John Parata appeared
before Judge Fritz on a charge of bat
tery upon Herbert Johnston, a young boy.
It was alleged that Wednesday night
while the boy was going home with his
aunt, Parata, who had secreted himself
behind some bushes, sprang out upon the
boy and struck him on the face. The
aunt tried to protect her nephew, but
was brushed aside by Parata. Parata
was convicted and ordered to appear for
sentence this morning.
It sometimes happens that a woman's
hair Is a bit of fiction founded on fact.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Purse-Snatcher Caught.
Mrs. Robert Thisby of Walnut Creek
was walking along Grant avenue yester
day morning with three lady friends,
when a man grabbed her v purse and ran
Mrs. Thisby screamed tXd Detectives
Harper and Armstrong, who happened to
be in the neighborhood, saw the thief
running. They gave chase and soon over
took him. He threw away the purs« ju#l
as 'they reached him. The purse, which
contained 521 and some papers, was picked
up by the officers. . .
The prisoner gave his name as Charlei
Morris and was booked on a chart* oJ
grand, larceny. . . .¦ .¦
Some men resemble pyramids^ — broad al
the foundation, but narrow at the too.
910
LOWELL AND BERKELEY TO PLAY FOR FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP
HIGH SCHOOL
ELEVENS IN A
DECISIVE GAME
Arc the Best Two Representatives
of the Academic Athletic
League.
The deciding and naturally the most
important game of the Academic Athletic
League football series will be played this
afternoon at 3 o'clock on the Sixteenth
and Foisom streets grounds. The semi
final games have been completed . • and
Berkeley and Lowell High schools / will
fight on the gridiron for the championship
of the Western Academic League. Both
elevens have made an excellent record
and are clearly the best teams in the
league. .Berkeley is one of the heaviest,
averaging 157 pounds to the man, while
Lowell is the lightest, wi'h an average
of 148 pounds.
Last year representatives of these
schools contested for the championship.
Lowell winning by a score of 6 to 5. Kee
gan. Kidd, Vos Burgh. MacKinne and
Hamilton, who were in the winning team
last year, are playing again this season
and in improved form. Hamilton and
Vos Burgh are undoubtedly two of the
best men in the Academic League.
Kern, on Berkeley's team, and Plum
mer, captain, are also excellent players.
In ail a close, hard contest is expected
between the two teams, which are evenly
matched, except as to weight. This, how
ever, as ehown in the last varsity game,
does not count for much.
Rooter clubs from both schools will en
deavor to cheer their team on to victory.
A big attendance is expected of students
arc others interested in the schools and
also of those who like to see a good, hard
fought game of football. The field is
rather muddy and heavy. Hudson of the
University of California and Clay of the
Olympic Club will alternate as referee and
umpire. The teams will line up:
Lowell. Position. Berkeley.
Edwards Center McCoy
MacKinne R. — G. — 1«. Lamb
Barthels L.— G.— R Merrltt
Kidd R.— L Ferguson
Keeg:an T.— R Plummer
Badwln E.— L Law..-
Kerrln L— E.— R McQuestion
Flalk...'. Quarter Solinsky
Vos Burgh iE.- H.— L. Mayo
Middleton L.— H— Kern
Hamilton Full Patton
PICTURESQUE ATHLETES
INTRODUCE SPORT VASCO
Exciting Game Is Seen in All Its
Beauty on the Court at Cen
tral Park.
"Sport Vasco," the highly developed
game of handball imported here from
Mexico, was played in this city yesterday
for the first time. A fair sprinkling of
the Mexican colony and a number of
handball experts saw the introduction of
the game. Music by a band enlivened the
occasion.
It does not require a knowledge of the
game to understand its sensational fea
tures. The players, wearing canvas shoes,
white duck trousers and striped jerseys,
presented a picturesque appearance on
the court. Their catching and throwing
of the ball with their "chistera," or
wicker scoop, showed remarkable skill
and cleverness.
The first match between the "blues,"
Careaga and Lasa, and the "reds."
Tucumman and Guerrlta, was won by the
former by a score of 20 to 13.
In practice the prettiest play was whore
a group of men stood about the midda- of
the 208-foot court and sent the ball to ;hc
front wall, each man taking it on thr Jiy
in his turn.
At times during the game the ball Jt£
returned so strongly that it rebouvsj^d
from one wall to the other without toucli
ing the court.
The first public game will be played
Thanksgiving day.
HOUNDS WILL MEET
NEAR BURLINGAME CXUB
Ground Is in Condition to Com
mence the Season With San Ma
teo Hunt Club Draghounds.
The rain has now softened the ground
sufficiently for cross-country riding, and
already one Informal run of the San Ma
teo Hunt Club has been held. A regular
meet of the club will take place In front
of the clubhouse of the Burlingame
Country Club on Thanksgiving day at
S:3O in the morning. A list of fixtures for
the coming month 5s being prepared by
Colonel Walter S. Martin, secretary of
the Hunt Club, and will be issued to
members in a few days.
Hunting is still holding its own in Great
Britain, notwithstanding the Inroads
made by wire fencing. There are twenty
packs of staghounds in England and five
In Ireland. England supports 166 packs
Of foxhounds, Ireland twenty-six and
Scotland eleven. Of harriers there are 115
packs in England, forty-five In Ireland
and four In Scotland. There are fifty-one
packs of beagles and eleven of stag
hounds. Thfe is a total of 454 packs in
the United Kingdom. Among them are
registered 24,000 hounds, with probably as
many more "out to walk," that is being
raised by farmers for their owners.
Scotchmen Form Club.
A considerable number of enthusiastic
Scotchmen of this city and Oakland held
a meeting last night at Scottish Hall for
the purpose of organizing a bowling club
Officers were elected, committees were
appointed and by-laws were adopted at
the meeting. The Park Commissioners
have Instructed Superintendent McLaren
to construct a bowling gTeen in Golden
Gate Park on the old music stand site for
the use of the members of the club.
IK6OLVENT BUILDER— WiIIiam A. Hick*,
carpenter and builedr, San Francisco, filed a
petition in Insolvency yesterday In the United
Btate» District Court. He owes $3958 and has
bo aaaet*.
RAIN RETARDS
PLAY ON THE
TENNIS COURTS
The Enthusiasts Watch Their
Opportunities to Play Be
tween Showers.
The wet weather of the past week made
play on the tennis courts rather light. A
few enthusiasts took advantage of the
occasional dry periods and some good
matches were played. The courts in
Golden Gate Park dry much more rapidly
than most clay courts, because of the oil
on the surface. The clubhouse being built
in the park is a substantial one and is
being fitted with every convenience. Play
ers will be supplied with both lockers and
shower baths.
Probably the most interesting tourna
ment from the players' point of view is
the straight handicap singles. An affair
of ihis kind was held last Sunday on ihe
California Club courts and proved a suc
cess. In a class tournament as a rule,
one man in each class is so far superior
to the rest that the outcome is never in
doubt. In a straight handicap there is
more uncertainty, and each man has or
should have, an equal chance. In the
tournament of last Sunday the "sixth"
system of handicapping was employed and
worked smoothly. This system has been
in use for several years In the East and
it is surprising that local cracks have
been so slow to recognize its merits. Each
man is given a number according to his
ability, and as the handicaps are all fig
ured out in the Guide, the odds received
by each player can be seen at a glance.
Certain men enter the local tournaments
with the intention of playing only one
match and if they win this match they
put out some man who is desirous of play
ing throughout the tournament. As a
remedy for this it might be well to sug
gest that these men withdraw before the
rinal point is played and let the match go
tojihe loser by default. Much better re
suits would be obtained if this were done.
Four men are left to fight for first hon
ors in the handicap singles tournament,
which will be completed to-morrow. These
men are Erskine. Gibson, G. N. Armsby
and Grant Smith. The latter is the
scratch man and will meet Erskine, wh i
will receive a handicap of "thirty "
SMuld Smith reach the finals his oppo
nent, whether Armsby or Gibson, would
receive odds of "thirty and one-sixth."
The park courts are exceedingly popu
lar, but are not numerous enough to ac
commodate the hordes that swarm to the
park on Sundays. Many more courts will
have to be built, as the players will be
much more numerous by spring time.
CRICKETER RICHARDSON
LEADS ALL THE BATSMEN
Averages of the Leading Players of
Several Coast Cities Shown in
the Table.
The batting and bowling averages of
the players in matches held under the
management of the California Cricket As
sociation have been prepared and show
the name of Harold B. Richardson of the
Pacific Cricket Club well at the head
of the batting list. After an interval the
averages of W. H. Howard of the Santa
Cruz Club, Bert Bird of the Alameua
Club and H. R. Elliot of Sacramento are
close together. The performances of the
leading batsmen of the Alameda, Pacific,
Sacramento and Santa Cruz Cricket clubs
are shown in the table:
3 Q g > ¦
3 s"| 5-S I £
£|I|2 - 2
BATSMAN AND CLUB. »|2-in £ 3 » '
aft n > 5 •
c:*: 3 x :
! i : i : !
H. B. Richardson, Pac. 8 6 103 300 50.00
W. H. Howard, S. C 3 2 41* 79 j 39.50
B. Bird. Alameda 14 12] 120 445] 37. 0S
H. R. Elliot, Sacramento. 6 5 69 184 36. 50
E.G. Sloman, S. C '2 2 41 all 25.50
A. Jenkins. S. C 6 6 44 125 25.00
F. J. Croll, Alameda 18 16 73 376; 23.50
J. J. Morlarty, Alameda.. 8 8 62 183 22.90
John Myers, Pacific 11 11 39 227 20.63
H. Bowley, S. C... 4 4 35 SO 20.00
D. Jamleson. Pacific 3 3 .. 52 17.33
A. W. -Wflding, Pacific. 15 14 46 232 16.67
H. F. Elliot. S. C 4 4 34 64 [ 16.00
C. P. Coles, Pacific 11 10 56 167! 15.17
H. C. Casidy, Pacific 16 13 87 193 14.85
A. G. Sheath. S C 5 4 27 57 14.25
W. Petherick Pacific 10 9 27 124 13.66
G. H. Ward, Alameda.... 12 12 61 147 12.30
R. L. Reynolds, Sac 5 4 22 46 11.25
G. L. Dickson, S. C 6 6 33 66] 11.00
•Not out.
Bert Bird of Alameda stands at the
head of the list of bowlers, though H. F.
Elliot of Sacramento, H. C. Casldy and
Harold B. Richardson of the Pacific Club
are close upon his heels. The perform
ances of the principal bowlers in asso
ciation matches are shown in the table:
£a 3 >
BOWLER AND CLUB. ?. » £ 2
: : ST 8
¦i: - - •
v, tr rr B l$; AI | mea * 150 23 6.50
H. F. Elliot. Sacramento 356 146 20 703
H. B. Richardson, Pac. 371 162 22 7.36
H. C. Caeidy, Pacific... 1233 466 61 7.63
G. ?V rd ' A1 Alam / <la 397 51 7.70
£" ii- CC 1 oU - Ala »n«<la 320 38 8.40
H. ward , Sr.. Alameda.. .:. 106 10 10.60
O. 1. Dickson, Sta Cruz. 651 152 13 11.69
H. H^ Cookson. Sta Cruz 185 146 10 14.60
W. G. Fortmann, Ala 133 9 14.77
Will Soon Launch New Yacht.
The yacht which Is being built for a
syndicate of members of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club is nearing completion
but will probably not be launched until
the early part of December.
George F. Whitney and Miles T. Baird
have become the owners of a new gaso
ine launch, in which they ran over from
the city to Tiburon early in the week
The names of both will "be put up for
election at the Corinthian Yacht Club
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
LEASHMEN LOOK
FOR PALO ALTO
TO MEET BEACON
America's Best Hcunds Are Prom
ised for Next Wetk's Cham
pion Stake.
The champion stake which has beon
announced by the Union Coursing Park
management for next week's attraction
is awaited with eager anticipation by tae
patrons of the sport.
Among other features, and one that
will bring out the leasnmen in force, is
the fact that America's greatest grey
hounds, Palo Alto and Beacon, have been
promised for the even:. With these rival
coursers entered in a sixteen-dog stake,
the probabilities of their meeting in the
final are more than good. The possibility
of such a deciding course is enough to
enthuse every follower of the game.
As a youngster. Beacon had a shade
the better of Geary's speedy one in the
matter of winning performances, bin
later Palo Alto commenced to improve,
and to an extent that he was awarded
the palm, not only as the fastest dog In
America, but was cor.pidered the equal
of any courser ever b.'ed.
The black and white champion has
shown his ability to outdo Curtis' next
best hound, young Rector, in any ki-d
of a trial, and is not lacking in support
against any other hour.d now in the run
ning.
Beacon's long: retirement had' a de
pressing effect on his admirers, and as
stake after stake was drawn without a
mention of the great blue dog's name,
the coursing entnusiasts gave up hope cf
seeing him on tne fieM, in form again or
at all. When Curtis nominated his kennel
king-pin for the big John Grace cup
stake the wise ones declared that the
long respite from open coursing trials
had dimmed the probpects of Beacon's
chances of getting within the big money.
As the stake progressed, however, and
Beacon showed a derived improvement
after each course the knowing ones were
not slow in figuring that Curtis was Dut
for first money and had his champion
ready and primed to ?o the distance for
the much-coveted honors.
Beacon's complete victory over his ken
nel mate places him «t the head of the
list of class performers, with only Paio
Alto, and probably Sisquoc, having a
chance to deprive him of his exalted posi
tion, for this season at least.
Albert Curtis has bred Cavalier to
Cash. This experimental inbreeding rep
resents a double cross through Rockette.
Cavalier being Ly Emm Pasha and Cash
by Chartist, both whelped by Rockette.
Curtis once before tried inbreeding
through Rocketle, with poor results. Bea
con, by Skyrocket, wu bred to her, sl'e
by the same sire. Fly by Night and Bed
of Ro-ses, ordinary performers, weic
whelped by this cross..
Fortuna Favente has been bred to a
hig-h-class greyhound sent on by George
Dayton of Lincoln, Neb.
Wayfarer was bred to Metallic Octo
ber 19.
Pylvanus was bred to Jennie Wilson
November 17.
The last service of the late For Free
dom, the wonderful courser and sire,
was to Flyaway, she by Flying Buck-
Carmen. November 2. The litter will be
raised by Captain Condrey of Sacra. ¦
mento, who reared the open plains cham
pion, Aeolus, and will i c eligible for next
year's Futurity.
CHAMPION JEFFRIES
LEAVES FOR THE SOUTH
Shooting Trip, Thanksgiving at Homo
and a Boxing Tour on His
Itinerary.
OAKLAND, Nov. 22.— Champion Jim
Jeffries left this evening for Fresno for
a shooting trip with Colonel Perry. He
will meet his brothers at Fresno and go
with them to Los Angeles, where they
will enjoy Thanksgiving day with their
parents.
Billy Delaney and "Kid" Eagan took
the evening train for Portland. They will
arrange a short tour for Jeffries to give
boxing exhibitions along the northern cir
cuit to New York.
Grans Defeats Billy Moore.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 22.— Joe Gans of
Baltimore to-night easily knocked out
Billy Moore of St. Louis in the third
round of what was to have been a
twenty-round bout before the Eureka
Athletic Club.
New Polytechnic High School.
The Board of Education requested fche
Board of Supervisors yesterday to add to
the list of school buildings In the pro
posed bond issue a new Polytechnic High
School costing $150,0uu, to be located in
the district bounded by Grant avenue.
Market, Eddy, Devisadero and Jackson
streets. The Board of Works approves
the recommendation and concurs in the
estimate of cost.
UNIVERSITY MEN
WILL COMPETE
ON THE ESTUARY
Semi-Annual Interclass Rac:s in
Four-Oared Barges to Be
Held To-Day.
The Boating Association of the Univer
sity of California will hold its semi-an
nual inter-class races this afternoon on
San Antonio Estuary. There is a keen
spirit of rivalry among the crews, each
being confident of victory. Last year the
sophomores won the four-oared barge
race, and this year's junior crew contains
three of last year's sophomore crew. *Tne
course is one mile in length, beginning at
Webster street bridge and finishing near
Sessions Basin, where tne spectators w'll
gather to witness the results. There wili
be two preliminary heats, freshmen vs.
sophomores, and juniois vs. seniors. The
final will be betwee* Ihe two winners.
The senior crew consi^ta of Gorrill, bow;
Grundelflnger, No. 2; iX. Kelly (captain),
No. 3; E. H. Harley, stroke, and J. Ep
pinger, cockswain. The junior crew con
sists of B. H. Cerf, bow; W . Brown, No.
2; W. Pitdiford, No. 3; S. Smith (captain/,
stroke, and Sniithson, cockswain.- in the
sophomore crew are if. Blowers, bow; S.
Bunnell, No. 2; J. E. Roadhouse, No 3;
J. B. White (captain), stroke, and F.
Mandel, cockswain. The representatives
of the freshmen class are R. Hackley
(captain), bow; Frank, No. 2; Grindley,
No. 3; Auloff, stroke, and J. Cahill, cock
swain.
The Ariel Rowing Club will hold its an
nual entertainment to-night in Saratoga
Hall. It will be a masquerade ball, unuer
the management of the following: -E. J.
Lynch, floor director; Robert Ellis and
Ed Smith, assistant floor directors; J. A.
Geddes, N. A. Denoir, W. M. Ross,
Charles Wilson, W. McGee, E. C. Sten
berg, Johnson Hardy and W. T. Howe,
members of committee. The assistance of
the other city boat clubs has been prom
ised and a large attendance is expected.
The regatta of the Olympic Boat Club
at Belvedere on Sunday was highly suc
cessful, the water being smooth and the
day bright and pleasar.t. Except for the
fact that the short hours of daylight pre
clude crews from practicing together in
the evening the winter season is much
more suitable for rowing than the sum
mer. The removal of nearly all the yachts
and several of the arks into the lagoon
behind Tiburon leaves the waters of the
cove more unobstructed than in summer,
when it Is scarcely possible to pick out a
clear course for boat racing. Vlven on
Sunday a small boat anchored in the
course proved a serious obstacle to the
outrieged skiff men on their return after
rounding the stakes. If the Olympic
boatmen succeed in getting a new and
commodious clubhouse at Tiburon rowing
will enjoy quite a boom among them and
some good oarsmen should be developed
from so large a number of athletic young
men as are to be found in the Olympic
Club.
At the annual meeting of the Amateur
Athletic Union recentl-' held in the New
York W. B. Hinchmah of the Alameda
Boating Club, president of the Pacific
Association, was chosen a vice-president
for the coming year. 1,. E. Sharp, a well
knov/n Eastern nthlete, acted as repre
sentative of the Pacific Association. The
telegraphic reports of the meeting do rot
state what disposition was made of tne
application of the local association to ex
tend its jurisdiction over Oregon, Wasn
ington and the Hawaiian Islands.
Two Footpads Under Arrest.
John Connelly, who gives his occupa
tion as a marine fireman, was arrested
early yesterday morning by Policeman
McNamara and Detectives Ryan and
ODea on a charge of robbery. The com
plaining witness is R. Ornes of Menlo
Park, who came to the city Thursday.
He had such a good time that he missed
the last train and continued his libation?.
About daylight yesterday morning he left
a saloon at Fifth and Mission streets to
go to the depot to catch the first train
for home. He was followed by Connelly,
who knocked him down, it is alleged, and
robbed him of his gold watch.
William Greenway. alias "Mush." was
booked yesterday by Policemen Regan,
O'Connell and McQualde on a charge "of
robbery. He is accused of robbing C. J.
Hansen at Second and Tehama streets
early Sunday morning of his watch and
$2 cash. Greenway is well known to the
police.
Ball at Teutonia Hall.
A grand concert and ball will be given
by the singing section of the Gesellschaft
Teutonia at Teutonia Hall to-morrow
night. The affair promises to be one of
the most successful ever given by thia
popular society.
Family Allowance Ordered.
An order was made In Department 9 of
the Superior Court yesterday fixing the
family allowance of Jean McGregor Boyd,
guardian of Alexander Boyd, the capital
ist, who was declared an incompetent a
short time ago, at $2000 a month."
HANDBALL PLAYERS NOW
ENGAGED IN THE OLYMPIC
CLUB TOURNAMENT.
HANDBALL MEN
COMPETE IN THE
OLYMPIC COURT
Excilingf Contests in the Various
C asses of the Championship
Tournament.
Unusual interest is being shown in the
handball tournament of the Olympic Ath
letic Club. All available space in the gal
lery is taken every night by enthusiasts
who applaud the clever plays when they
are not shooting shafts of wit at the play
ers. The standard of the game is unusu
ally high, while the court, according to
Fitzgerald, the world's champion, has no
equal in this country.
The playing has been close, showing
clever handicapping on the part of Cap
tain George James and J. J. Gleason, who
had it in charge.
Handball has taken a firm hold on the
members of the club, having attracted
many men from other forms of sport. It
at once furnishes exercise and relaxation
as h player cannot take business or other
caros into the court when he is opposed
by a lively antagonist.
The games last night resulted as fol
lows: George James beat N. A. Hewson
21-12; 6-21; 21-3.
M. Green beat R. B. Bowman, 21—6
21—20.
T. I. Fitzpatrick beat F. C. Wejrener
21—19; 21— IP.
The games to-night will be between W
Cartwright and G. Littlefield; T. Powers
and T. Kennedy, and H. Cordes and C. K.
Melrose.
HEIRS SEEK TO HAVE
A DEED SET ASIDE
Claim Property Was Conveyed With
out Any Other Consideration Than
an Unfulfilled Promis3.
Lilian B. Hardy and Harriet A. Parlin
are suing Ada C. Martin, administratrix
of the estate of Robert Craig Chambers,
to recover two-thirds of a tract of land
in Butte County which they allege they
conveyed to Chambers a short time be
fore nis death.
They allege that the Butte County Jand
was part of an estate beaueathed to
Chambers in trust for them by Mrs
Chambers, their aunt. According to their
complaint, they were living with their
aunt when she became Mrs. Chambers
and were treated with such kindness aft
er the marriage and after the death of
Mrs. Chambers that they had no hesi
tancy in complying with Chambers' re
quest that they deed the property to him
especially, as they allege, when he told
them that after his death they would be
well provided for.
Chambers died intestate in April, 1901.
and no provision was made for them by
the heirs of his estate, which is valued
at $1,500,000. They now want the deed of
conveyance set aside and their title to
the property, which they allege was part
of a separate estate owned by Mrs. Cham
bers, restored.
Fishermen Attack an Officer.
Deputy J. H. Davis of the Fish Com
mission had an encounter with a gan;?
of five illegal fishermen at Rodeo Thurs
day night. Davis located some law
breakers at Rodeo and apprehended them
in the act of pulling undersized fish into
their beat. He caught one of the fellows
and the other four ran away. The pris
oner also escaped while the deputy waj
getting the paraphernalia ready for trans
portation to some place where it might
be stored pending a settlement of the
case. The five men then returned with
knives in their hands and made a fierce
attack on the officer. He drew his re
volver, however, and after a few shots
the attacking party fled.
GOLFERS ACTIVE
ON MANY LINKS
ABOUT THE BAY
Professional Tournament on Eur
lingame Club Grounds Thanks
giving Day.
Thanksgiving day will be- a busy one
among the golfers around the bay. On
the links of the Burlingame Country Club
there will be a professional tournament.
There will be contests for the members
of the San Francisco, Oakland and Sau
sallto Golf clubs. The professional tour
nament at Burlingame will be over thir
ty-six holes, medal play, beginning at 10
o'clock in the morning. The first prize
will be $50 and the second man will re
ceive $25. The Country Club links are in
excellent condition, the grass being plenti
ful but not high enough to hide the ball.
Luncheon will be served at 1 o'clock, at
which hour a concert on the porch of the
clubhouse will begin.
Members of tennis, golf or hunt clubs
are invited to make use of the clubhouse
on that day, and the secretary intends to
put In his time in convincing those who
may accept the invitation that they are
really and truly welcome. The profes
sionals who are expected to take part in
the tournament are William Johnstone
of the San Francisco Golf Club, open
champion of the Pacific Coast; George
Smith of the Oakland Golf Club. "Jim"
Melville of Del Monte, F. J. Reilly of the
Burlingame Country Club and Alexander
Bell, who was with the San Rafael Golf
Club during the summer.
On the Oakland links, which are now
in good trim, the season will be formally
opened with the first competition for the
Gcodall cup, over thirty-six holes, medal
play, eighteen holes being played in the
morning and the remaining eighteen
in the afternoon. Handicaps not exceed
ing eighteen strokes will be allotted and
entries should be made with the steward
not later than 6 p. m. on Tuesday, No
vember 26.
The members of the Sausallto Golf Club
will hold a tournament on Thanksgiving
day for the Foster cup. The following
entries have already been received: Ma
jor T. W. M. Draper, Frank B. Findley,
A. Starr Keeler, H. Clay Miller, George
E. Butler, W. P. Horn, Reginald W. Ma
son Dr. H. Mays and W. G. Morrow.
Some of the officers of the United States
Fish Commission's steamer Albatross,
which is lying off Sausalito. will probably
enter, while Worthington Ames and Leon
ard Chenery are yet to be heard from.
The contestants will go round in pairs,
and the or.c who makes the lower score
in each pair will continue to the next
round. The contestant who makes the
lowest medal score for the day will be
the winner of a special prize, and t"he
last man left in the tournament will win
the Foster trophy, which is at present
held by Frank B. Findley. The special
prize and the cup may both fall to the
same man.
The Fort Baker course, with the excep
tion of the first three holes, is in good
order. It is probable play will begin at
the fourth hole, the round being com
pleted by playing the fourth, fifth and
sixth holes twice. The directors of the
Sausalito Golf Club have made arrange
ments for a flock of sheep to graze on
the links, to keep down the over-luxuri
ant grass and level the inequalities of
the ground.
The tournament committee of the San
Francisco Golf Club will arrange a handi
cap of some kind for Thanksgiving day.
but its exact details have not yet been
determined.
This afternoon it is likely that the first
round of the competition for the Coun
cil's cup will be completed. The handi
cap match play tournament which began
some time ago was won by H. C. Golcher
who defeated W. H. La Boyteaux in the
nrl round.
The first contest of the season among
the ladies of the San Francisco Golf Club
an approach-putting competition, took
place last Monday morning and was won
by Mrs. R. Oilman Brown. A handicaD
contest will be held on Monday mornin*
November 25. for a cup presented by Miss
Florence Ives. Entries closed on Thurs
day and plays begins at 9:31 on Mordav
morniner. The ladies intend to hoM con
tests regularly on Monday mornfr-jrs
throughout the -winter
DEPUTY REGISTRARS
OBJECT TO DISMISSAL
Appeal to the Auditor, but Walsh
Says He Discharged Them
for Cause.
Frank Preble and W. Bausman, former
deputies in the Registrar's office, filed a
complaint yesterday with Auditor Wells
that they had been discharged from thetr
positions and two Democrats from the
ordinary clerks 1 civil service list— F P
Ruddick and T. P. O'Brien— had been ap
pointed in their places. The petitioners
requested that the demands of their suc
cessors he held up pending an investiga
tion, which Auditor Wells promised to do
Registrar Walsh says that Preble and
Bausman were employed as temporary
deputies for six weeks and they were let
out when there was no further need of
the >, ir^ s .^; lces - Walsh sa y s th *t Ruddick
and O'Brien were not appointed in their
places, but were retained as competent
Walsh says there were other reasons for
the discharge of the two men. and be
courts an investigation. Walsh say«
Preble vas unreliabv and Bausman was
guilty of a breach of confidence in run
ning to Auditor Wells with the returned
envelope of a prominent Republican who
had moved from his district and so To,t
his vote. mst
WATER FOR MUNICIPAL BUll^lvr«s
The City , Attorney filed an • opinion ' e«erdaT
that th» City may not expend each month mr»
than one-twelfth of the J15.0C0 nvallTbl" to dv
for water for rublic buUdin C s * - Dle t0 *> a
STORM UPSETS
CALCULATIONS OF
DUCK - SHOOTERS
Do Not Expect Good Sport Unti 1
the Weather Conditions
Settle.
The storm of tne present week has up
set the calculations of the gunmen and
they do not expect good shooting again
until the weather settle*. The rain has
formed ponds in every direction and the
ducks are scattered over a wide area.
The men who shoot about Mount Eden
were counting on the high tides which
will come to-day, to-morrow and Mon
day to provide ponds which would at once
attract the ducks and kill the mosquitoes,
which are a great pest. The rain did
some of the work the tides were expected
to accomplish.
Up in Kichardsons Bay, near Sausalito,
there are thousands of canvaabacks. iuey
are difficult to approach, as they shy ac
any moving object and seem to keep just
outside the range of a shotgun.
Three members of the Willow Lodge
Club secured eighty ducks last Sunday at
their preserve near Mount Eden.
Otto Priest secured fifteen ducks near
Mount Eden, L. Thiebault getting four
and Joe Bigerstaff six.
Oscar Fisher and a friend killed twen
ty-six quail near Belmont.
O. Schwaners killed twenty-two quail
near the same place.
Paul Kingston secured twelve canvas
backs on the Alameda Gun Club pre
serve, near Surf, on the Sonoma marsn.
Frank Schultz will try the marsh about
Mount Eden to-morrow for ducks.
The members of Spooney Gun Club se
cured about a dozen birds each on their
Mount Eden preserve last Sunday, in
the party were: L. R. LArzalere, Pull
Bekeart, Dr. Short, George Morse and
Mr. Guyatt. Had Che rain held off they
counted on great sport to-morrow owing
to tha unusually high tide.
The members of the Field and Tule Club
are noted practical jokers and are always
looking ror new victims. President A. M.
Snields is cheir latest same, and was
compelled to stand a lot of their badinaga
last Sunday. It all came about through
his claim to distinction as a caller of
ducks. He stood on the veranda of the
clubhouse near Suisun and without arti
ficial aid commenced to give the mallard
call. Soon it was taken up in every direc
tion and the marsh seemed alive with
ducks, although none were in sight. Mr.
Shields did not know it at the time, out
his fellow-members had armed themselves
with duck calls and were answering him.
The members of the club enjoyed excel
lent sport on Sunday. J. B. Coleman was
high gun. getting the limit ba« of fifty.
Among the members on the marsh wera
-. T. Wirtner. H. B. Hosmer, W. Bay.
H. L. Miller, Louis Titus, J. Homer
Fritch, A. M. Shields, Dr. A. T. Derby
anu F. V. Bell.
Seventy-five head of elk, the last rep
resentatives of great herds which at one
time roamed over the San JoaQuin Val
ley, are becoming a problem to people
near Bakersfleld. The oil derricks have
driven them down into the valleys from
the foothills and they are becoming quite
destructive. They are at present on the
Miller & Lux ranch. Under the State law
they are carefully preserved. They are
not molested, although a vaquero will
once in a while throw a riatta over one
just for a little recreation. There is a
general desire to see these animals in
crease in number, as otherwise they will
meet the fate of the buffalo and become
only a memory to be described by men
who saw them when they roamed about
In vast herds.
LICENSE FOR AN ENGINEER
IS REVOKED FOR FRAUD
Captains Bolles and Bulger Discover
That R C. Maushardt Made
False Representation.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United
States Local Inspectors of Steam Vessels,
issued an order yesterday revoking the
marine engineer's license of E. C Maus
nardt on tne ground that he had obtained
it by means of false representations. The
inspectors discovered that Maushardt had
made false statements aa to his having
served his time in Joshua Hendy's shop,
and that he had been third assistant en
gineer on the Laurada on a trip to
Alaska. The facts were found to be tha:
Maushardt did not so serve his time and
that he was on the Laurada in the capa
city of a passenger. On September 30 at
this year Maushardt obtained from the
inspectors a license as first assistant en
gineer of ocean steamers. November >
he made application to the inspectors for
a, raise to that of chief engineer or con
densing uay and river steamers. The in
spectors placed him under oath last
Wednesday and he admitted the falsity
of his claims and confirmed the reports
that the officials had received concerning
the matter.
Disappearance of Alexander Bell.
Alexander K. Bell of Portland. Or . has
been reported to Coroner Leland as miss
ing in this city since November 15. He
had been sick for five weeks with pains
iS^. he . head and . came to this city for
medical treatment. J ? a letter Written to
hi £?* fJ l h Z rtl X. a . fter his arrival here
he said that he had consulted a doctor
!ii!L Wa h to have an oration performed.
Since then there have been no tidings of
See Mm 60 68 haVe b6en cn * a * e * to
Died While Visiting a Friend.
mn. bcnwartz. JOOJ 003 ® sons are conduct
in? the Thalia, died suddenly yesterday
afternoon while visiting Mrs. Cohen a
friend, »at X 637% Natoma ''••t Mrs
SXIE? hSh been sublet to attacks
and^^earfoldr 33 * DatlVe * PolandCOMMISSIONER FORSTER FURNISHES A SURPRISE AT OAKLAND
BEDECK FIRST FOR A HANDICAP
THROUGH O'CONNOR'S CLEVERNESS
Three Favorites Finish in Front at Oakland— Norford and His
Brother Forkford in a Fighting Finish— Native Wins.
I is not often that one of Winnie
O'Connor's mounts is found kicking
* about on the bargain counter with
the price marked Oown from original
cost. However, vh.s> was the case 1.1
the betting on The Pi^isanton handicap
yesterday at Oakland. The track was
muddy, and this fact a' ne always causes
pood guesscrs to be in much greater d?
mand. There were but live starters, ai.d
four of these -were all looked to have a
royal chance. For this reason there
scarcely was an actual favorite. Ohia
closing at 2 and Sea Lion 11 to 5. Rio
Shannon caught some cf the target prac
tice shooters' p;ay at 16 to 5. while Con
r.or's mount, Bedeck, with 10S pounds up,
floated back from 2 to 4V 2 and some 5.
To a pretty Piece of riding can be
ascribed the win of tlie latter horse.
While J. Wcods on KlO Shannon ar.u
loar astride Sea Lion were busy cutting
furrows in the tiack, O'Connor made his
move with Bedeck three furlongs from
home, blazing his wav through on the
inside. By this he gained three lengtns
and was enabled to make the other two
twing wide into the stretch. About this
time Shannon fagged and Sea Lion was
compelled to travel .in the slant of U:e
hog-oack course. Consequently. Bedeck
won by :nore thai a U-UKth. Obia, which
had more thar. her Bfaare of ill racing
luck early in the race, closed strong a»d
only lost the place to Sea Lion t>y a
head. Old Rubicon iv-jain went to work.
and showed a speck ot ins old-time sp€~l
for the first quarter.
Three favorites split up the boodle with
a like number of outsiders, the longest
priced outsider to out his name down on !
& diploma being Commissioner Forster, a
10 to 1 shot. Last time the Commissioner
canae to town he forgot to bring anything
with him, but yesterday was on parade
with a full dress suit. In fact he furnished
a. real surprise.
Owen Mounce, on Ned Dennis, a luke
warm, favorite, took the first sprint
Searchlight and Lou Clieveden raced out
in the lead and when, they tired Mounce
passed by with Dennis, winning easily.
Although Billy Moore, favorite for the
mile selling run, with O'Connor in the
saddle, wen. he was not entitled to the
purse. Ransom, on El Oriente. apparent
ly could no? keep his horse from bearing
out at the stretch turn, relinquishing- the
lead to the favorite. From there on it
took all of O'Connor's skill to land the
first choice in front by a length. Bullman,
on Koenigr, ran third.
M. Daly's youngster. Sir Lewis, had his
odds played down to favoritism in the '
speculating en the two-year-old dash.
Pocketed right after the start and com
pelled to ramp the overland route, he fin
ished fourth: Johnny Woods dropped
from the clouds with Commissioner Fors-
Ter and earned the verdict in a nose fin
ish with St. Sever, the second choice. .
Two brothers, Norford and Forkford.
fought it out for the long end of the fifth
purse. Just as the banner was released
Bernota, the favorite, wheeled into Edu
cate and both were practically left. When
Fcrkford seemed to be winning. Bullman,
en Norford, got up and, driving hard,
scored by half a length.
Harry Stover had Native ready and the
chestnut horse won the last race in a hard
drive from Tiburon. The winner's odds
were backed from 5 down to 2.
Track Notes.
TOlie Apple*rste. who had a profitable season
of it on the block East, arrived last evening
f rcm Chicago.
Henry Spencer accepted bis first mount on
liorinel and as the horses cantered to the post
received the same hearty greeting from the
crowd accorded the other returning- Eastern
riders. Apparently the little mare no longer
ha? a hankering after muddy footing.
Native, the medium of a big plunge in the
closing event, M formerly owned by Sam
Kildreth. When right good he Is a horse of
considerable class and ••Jess' Matthews put
up an old-faahloned finish on the gelding.
MicFiecknoe, a hcrse given away for a song
last spring by "Doc" Street, had been prepared
for a watermelon carving in the first sprint.
He showed tome early speed and then finished
among the "also rans."
Norford until within a week ago iras trained
ty fnlinrsr Campbell. He now sports the col
or? of George Baldwin. , •
"Winnie O'Connor was the only rider to put
two winners over the plate.
The following are to-day's entries:
First race — furlongs, selling, three-year
olde.
2767 CoL Bs.laEtrne.no 2C97 Quiz II 107
2%51 Sisenvine 101 2823 Little Gun 105
2571 Censor .x 104 --.On Time 107
:-/. Darlene S3 ,
Eecond race — Five and a half furlongs, Bell-
Ing, two-year-olds.
2837 Quadra 115 ....Dulcimer 110
... Annie Mack 106 (2164)Nonie 110
2<!6S Bendara 113 2526 Prestene 110
Qa Victoria 6 115 2853 Arlgato 115
2753 Maraschino ....110; 286S Sir Lewis 113
2543 Buzz 1051
Third race— One mile, purse, three-year-olds
end uywsrd.
«Si9)Duckoy 1311 2857 Grayfeld IC9
Mi Bar. Frietchie.. 97 283* Bangor 109
TWO POWERFUL
NEW WARSHIPS
ARE PROJECTED
Naval Board of Construction Com
pletes Pans for Submission
to Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BT'REAI", 1406 G STREET, N.
"ASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— Plans for
two of the heaviest and most powerful
• ships projected for the United
navy were completed by the Naval
¦ Construction to-day. These are
¦ la which Congreps directed the
Navy Department to design, and the
plan? will be Bent to the naval com
• b of the Senate and House shortly
a recommendation from Secretary
Long that authority be given to build
them ar.d an additional one of similar
iyi»e. At a meeting of the board |
r.-.uch discussion on the question of
n-angement of the batteries of these
armorclads was arranged
an agreement being reached
that there should be no superposed
;.- a minority of the board want
but the other main features of the
— 's battery should be retained.
At to-day's meeting the remaining
of the battery were arranged, and
i'-iailfl concerning the vessels were
by unanimous vote.
: •.•..:-¦ ships will have a trial
ns. The only
- - ¦ t greater displacement are
<town by England,
j by the- Board on Con
:p capable of making
.id be designed, but
to be impossible. The en
driving the ves
< iirhteen knot? an hour.
IRRIGATION PROJECT
FOR NORTHERN SOLANO
SUISUN. Nov. 22.— plan is on foot to
establish an irrigation system in North
ern Solano County that will put water on
tr!d lands in the vicinity of Dlxon and
Tremont- S. G. Little, a Dixon banker,
was in Sulsun yesterday and engaged tl'c
services cf an engineer to survey a bite
V 'or a great storage reservoir in Putah
'X Creek Canyon, a few miles west of Win
ters, and routes for a system of canals
:;nd ditches to the farms around Dixor..
The main canal will be more than twenty
miles long and bring hundreds of acres
cf land under cultivation. San Francisco
C£.xilt£l is said to be behind the project.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND BACETRACK— Friday, Nov. 22.-T- Weather, fine. Track muddy.
-*»<>(;. FIRST RACE "¦'-.. furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325. '
¦ f ~ - . . •...'¦ .....'; Betting.
Index. Horse. Age, Wt. St. i _,. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
ISSO Xed Dennis, 4 10S 1 42 .32 1% 12 Piedmont Stable. ...Mounce 8-5 3
2836 Searchlight. 6./.. 104 3 3h 2 2 2h 22 Hl'. Goldstein.. Matthews 4 7
27£5 Lou Clieveden, 4.. 10* 2 11 In -I % 315 J. L,. Rector. O'Connor 8 10
2S« Canejo. 4 104 9 81 5 4 4l" 45 Owen Brothers.... 10 40
2554 Rlnaldo. 6 .104 7 61 '6 1 6 2 5 1 • William Cahill .-.Hoar _10 30
2536 Spry Lark, a 104 621 4n oh 61 M Qulnn J. T Woods 10 15
1470 MaeFleoUr.oe, 4....11 C 5:53 81 72 71 Green & Henry Vlttatoe 10 3
253» St. Anthony. 4 104 10 10 9 2 SI 8 2 John Kane. Brodlen . 20 -.. 30
2554 The Sect. 4 104 I 75 71*. D 2 92 W. B. Jennings & Co.Brkrth 8 15
2SS3 Game Warden. 3... »<¦ 9 »'. 10 4 10 4 10 5 Murray & Collins.. Ransom . 7. 10
iBs»t Bl.Kheppard, 4. ;z: 10Sill 11 _11 11 11 B. A. Chllson J. "Woods 4 4
Time— 3-16, :13; >4. :25; M, :51; 5%f. 1:10. Good start. Won easily. • Second- and third driving.
Winner, Piedmont Stable's b. g. by Apaehe-Juanita. Searchlight and Clieveden both tired,
making it easy at the close for winner. MacFlecknoe under wraps down the backstretch,
with Vittatoe apparently trying to rate him. Canejo a plow beginner. v . The Scot a poor
mud horse. Blanche Sheppard away very badly. — Bonitary 99. •.'¦¦.;
aSO7. SECOND RACE— mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
~ , ¦ , ' . : .g. Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt St.' l 4. *2- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. H>Op. Cl. ;
2553 Billy Moore. 4.:... 10? 2 41 45 11 11 T. T. Rector O'Connor 6-5 4-5
2559 El Oriente. 3 100 3 21 11 23 25'- E. J. Baldwin & Co.Rnsm 2 5-2
2554 Kx.er.ig. 6 11l 1 1% 2 2 34 3% A. Genifin Bullman 7. 7'
2534 Morlnel, 6 112 5 6 1 610 4 6 412 M Storn Spencer 7-2 ",
:S3C Alar. 4.. ........ ....109 6 3 1 3% 510 5 i H. C. Ahler3 Collis 10 25
2525 Pegalong. 3 100 4 En 5% 615 620 F. D. Weir. Hoar 20 30
202 Bagdad, 4... ..-...•...109 7 7 7 7 7 H. L. Haskell.... Winslette 20 -30
Time— V :26; %, v:'; V 1:17%; mile, 1:46. Good start. "Won first three driving. Winner, T.
T. Rector's br. g. by Duneombe- Atlanta 11. Ransom on El Oriente lost an acre of. ground
by a. sweeping turn into the stretch. Only O'Connor's handling landed Moore first. Morl
nel not good In the mud. Ti'rp
2SGB. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, ?325.
Index.'; Horse and Weight. St. %. %, Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. 0p. ., ci.
5 i^rn. Forster 103 10 6 1 3 1 3-1 ins J. W. Schorr J. Woods ," 5 8
2|57 St. Sever Ml 31 42 114 21 Dr. H. E. RowelL.Birknrth 2 3
2* cS T tan< ? 10 2 2^ll 2h 32 W. B. Jennings & Co.. Rnsm 3-8
11- | ir , Lewis ios 7 91 51 , 41 4^ M.Daly O'Connor 3-2
2778 i?otanv 102 4 in 2hi 5% 55 E. E. Edwards.. J. T. Woods : 6 7
-;: k° v Hazel 103 8 4h 6 h 6 1 6 1 W. W. Elliott.. .Fauntleroy 20 60
2849 ,| o1 • 10 ° 6 83 8272 71 P. C. DonaLeche.. Winslette ,10 15
-:• Bfn«iara 11l 15^72 8 2 8 2 J. Burrows Bullman 10 10
2?£ Flattered 105 9 10 910 9 10.915 F. D. Weir Hoar .10 ~ 15
_joS3_|Phll Crlmmlns 103 5 7 1 10 10 10 Elmwood Farm Vlckery 15 60
Ti . m To H- £ ; V '*¦ .:46H.:. :46 H. : las \.^- 1:03 : shorl *4. 1:13. Good start. Won first three driving.
M inner, J. vr. Schorrs eh. c. by Linden-Penniah. Winner's performance an improvement
over his previous race. St. Sever in the deepest going. Prestano ran a nice race. Sir
Lewis a slow beginner. Botany badly bumped In stretch. Bendara showed some early
Scratched— Montoya 109. Prestene 100. ¦; ;
a.SGO. FOURTH RACE— One mile; Pleaganton hndep. ; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Wt. St. U- 14- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. , Op. "ci.
<**!> Bedeck. 3.. 108 3 44 31 li 1 li, J. Gardner O'Connor 2~ 4
<?| 62>6 2> Sea Lion, 6 97 4 2n 2 2 2 1 2h Caesar Y0ung.... :..... H0ar 5-2 11-5
Hl* SV la - C^ ri"J2! 5 U 4 1 420 Si P.Ryan Birkenruth 8-5 2
2507 Rio Shannon. 4. ...106 112 Hi }U UO J. Coffey J. Woods 4 16-5
..¦¦ Rubicon, a IC2| 2 32 5 5 5 E. Lanlgan....J.T.' Woods 15 60
Time— U. :26; y,, :ol\i; %. l:17Vi; mile, l:44^i. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
J. Gardners eh. c. by Star Ruby-Bedott. O'Connor won race by making a short turn into
the stretch. Obla lost ground at the first turn, which contributed to her defeat. Shannon
quit. Rubicon fell out of it early. . . . •
2570. FFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325!
Index, j Horse. Age, Wt. St. 14. a 4.a 4 . Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey.' Op. "ci.
'r? 5o5 or rd U '; 1U 3 3 3 3 Jx = Geo. Baldwin & Co.Bullmn 6~~~8
: (^1 ) S?, rkford '. 3 Ml In 15 14 22 E. J. Baldwin & Co. Ransm 4 4
2SM [Orleans. 3 X 124.2 1 21 3 J. Burrows.. Winslette 7-2 4
*f 4 f I Educate 3 95* W. E. C0tt0n.. ..:... ...H0ar 3 6
-"» Bernota, 3 97 [ * Burns & Waterhse.Brknrh 6-5 6-5
Time— U. :25: *?, :49%i: \. Ll7lt Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner G. W Bald
win's b. h. by Emperor of Norfolk-Miss Ford. Bullman could have won on 'Forkford Just
as well. Orleans not living up to her Eastern reputation. Bernota swerved as barrier was
_ released, blocking Educate. »Left.
2571. SIXTH RACE— SH furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index. Horse. Age. . Wt/st. U. *j. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. . Op.""*;.
J?I £l tive> •*; HO I Fog ... 5h lh W. H. Ketcheman.J.Mthws 5 2
2543 Tiburon. 5 104 8 In In Egbert &Co Hoar 4 8
2841 Midnight Chimes.4.lo4 I 3u 3 2 Jos. Maiden Winslette 6 10
2046 Mocortto, 6. 108 1 6 1 414 J.Weils O'Connor 6 3
2S« Clarando. 5 11l 4 414 5% K. M. Borchert.... Bullman 8 15
S« S al 7 a .,. 8 }£,? 91 C 1 Miss C. Gibson Howson 44 10
•SG2 Prejudice. 4 104 11 7.1 7 1 Burns & Wtrhse.J.T. Woods 8 12
2843 Censor 3.1.* 7 8 2 8 2 J. Rothert J. Woods 8 15
2430 Rein* d« Cub*. s "li°" 1 i° I '" • — 2 - 9 2 E. J. Baldwin & Co.Ransom 3 3
... Mountebank, 4 in, ,3 ••• •-• 10 4 10 4 Miles Finlan Vickery 15 50
2641 [Burdock. 4 104:10 11 11 |j. 8 . Campbell.. Birkenrutn 15 20
Time— l:lo -Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. H. Ketcheman's eh. g. by Iro
quols-Nellie Grand. Away better Tiburon would have lasted. Same could ba said about
Chimes. Mocorito a supposed warm one. Reina de Cuba quit. Scratched— Fine Shot 104
Fcurth 1 ace— and a half furlongs, the
Crocker handicap, two and three year olds.
2558 Byron Rose 110 2870 Bernota *S2
2552 Janice in (2826)Glendenning ...110
2843 Rosewar 9-) (2543) Articulate 128
2864 Diderot ViS 2864 Eonlc ...1W
Fifth race— Six furlongs, purse, three-year
olds and upward.
2801 Hagerdon 117 ....Idalette 110
2552 Frank Kenney.loß 2832 Frank Bell 117
(2SS4)Ordnung 117 <2Ss7)Autollgbt 115
Eixth race — One mile, eeling, three-year-olds
and upward.
(2861) Essence 107 (2836)Galanthus 98
2596 Favorlto 101 2*61 Bonnie L>l&sak.. 98
(2567)8i11y Moore 104 2846 Imperious 101
2853 Merops 101 ; 2543 "Wyoming 107
Probable Winners.
First race — Quiz 11, Censor, Colonel Balan
iyne.
Second race — Quadra, Victoria S, Sir Lewis.
BIG CONSPIRACY
IS NIPPED IN BUD
AT JOHANNESBURG
Twenty Arrests Made by British
Authorities Causr a Great
Sensation.
JOHANNESBURG, Nov. 22.— Another
conspiracy has been nipped in the bud.
Twenty arrests were made at midnight
Tuesday In various parts of Johannes
burg. A great sensation followed.
TACOMA, Nov. 22.— Rev. Robert E.
Barr, one of the best known Episcopal
clergymen in the State, has sold his real
estate and other property in Whatcom,
preparatory to leaving for South Africa.
He will there join the British army as a
private, his desire being to fight against
the Boers. His son wan a soldier in the
British army and was killed last year in
an engagement in which the Boers great
ly outnumbered the British.
Reports received by Rev. Mr. Barr were
to the effect that young Barr and his com
rades were victims of treachery contrary
to the rules of war. The youth was an
only son, and the father has felt his loss
very keenly.
Rev. Mr. Barr will go to England from
New York, and thence by troopship to
Cape Town. He has lived for a number
rs in Whatcom, having been for two
years past rector of churches on Belllng
liam Bay. He will carry with him the
proceeds of property he has sold, using
the money for the benefft of his brother
soldiers in the army.
French Miners May Meet.
PARIS, Nov. 22.— There is little chanse
to-day in the rumber of strikers In the
Departments dv Nord and Pas de Calal3.
On the other hond the committee of the
Department Dv Xoire has issued a mani
festo deprecating the partial strike in the
north and proposing another congress oi
the Miners' Federation to determine en
general action. This proposal has beer,
referred to the committees of other re
gions, which further retards the proposed
generaJ strike.
Echley Will Visit Chicago.
WASHINGTON, N •'/. 22. — Admiral
Schley to-day accepted the invitation of
the Hamilton Club o' C hioago to be i's
guest of honor at a dinner to be given
at some future dare. A reception, to
which as many as can be accommodated
will be invited, will precede the dinner.
Admiral Schley will nlso attend a public
function In bta honor at Mcmpnis, Term.,
but no other than these two invitations
wll be accepted by him. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
Third race — Grayfeld, Duckoy, Barbara
Frietchie.
Fourth race— Eonic, Glendenning, Rosewar.
FiHh race— Autolight, Hagerdon, Ordnung.
Sixth race— Galanthus, Wyoming, Merops.
Bennings Races.
¦WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.Bennings summary:
First race, six furlongs— Death won Jerry
Hunt second. Curtsey third. Time, 1:16.
Second race, five furlongs— Wild Bess won
Chiron second, Roeecourt third. Time, 1:03 2-5
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth— Rafl
faello won. Gray Dally second, Kalllr third.
Time, 1 :53.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Last Knight won
Hans Wagner second, Carroll D third. Time
1:16. ' '
Fifth race, one mile and forty yards— Philma
Paxton won, W r ool Gatherer second Garter Ban
third. Time, 1:49 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth— Alfred
Vargrave won, Ohnet second, Potente third
Time, 1.57 3-5.
HUNGER CHECKS
FLIGHT OF TWO
LITTLE ELOPERS
Three- Year-Old Julia Ann- Hunt
Runs Away With a Very
Small Eoy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 22.— Because her mam
ma told her she mustn't play with 5-year
old Stewart Memminger Julia Ann Hunt,
3 years old, ran away with her youthfui
Stewart, who has been her accepted lover
for some time. While her mother was
in another room Julia crept through the
back door of her parents' home, and met
the youngster, who, according to a whis
pered council that followed, waa to be her
future husband. His home is next door to
hers.
"Yeth," lisped Julia, when her gallant
lover had broached his plan for overcom
ing parental objections; "yeth, we'll run
away and get married."
The two started with an air of deter
mination. They wandered off toward the
lake and did not bother themselves about
the world and its troubles until love's
dreams began to be disturbed by the
pangs of hunger which overtook Stewart's
promised bride along toward noon
They finally lost their way. The chil
dren's parents discovered their absence
and notified the Hyde Park police. Pa
trolman Ryan took the children home.
Owens Brothers Sell Ranch.
FRESNO, Nov. 22.— Owens Brothers
have sold to D.r. G. L. Long of this city
their ranch containing 650 acres of valu
able land adjoining the town of Clovls
The ranch is widely known because of the
thoroughbred horses which have been
bred there by Owens Brothers. Among
the horses well known to valley sports
men are: J. Wheeler, pacer, with a rec
ord of 2:07; Gold Dust, Flush of Gold,
Grady, Polaski and Danken Dee It is
understood that the acreage hitherto de
voted to stud purposes will be converted
into a large vineyard.
Kansas City Wants Prisoner.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 22.— T. H. Weber,
the prisoner in whose possession were
found many articles of silverware and
jewelry alleged to have been stolen in
Kansas City, v.ill be turned over to the
authorities of that city when requisition
papers are received. Chief of Police Hayes
of Kansas City to-day telegraphed Chief
of Police Armstrong of this city a request
for the prisoner.
•
NO CURTAILMENT
IN AUTHORITY
OF R. B. MILROY
Onerous Duties of Secretary of
New California Jockey Club
Are Merely Divided.
The story in an afternoon paper yester
day to the effect that Secretary R. B.
Milroy of the New California Jockey Club
had been shorn of his authority proves
to be a misstatement of facts.
In an interview last night President
Thomas H. Williams Jr. said: "Mr. Mil
roy has not been shorn of any authority.
"With continuous racing the duties which
devolved upon Mr. Milroy became so
heavy that It v.'as almost a physical im
possibility for one man to perform them
properly. Since the time of the old
Bay District track until this sea
son there have been two associa
tions racing alternately. This gave the
executive officers a respite every two
weeKs in which they could catch up on
their work. It was to relieve the enor
mous strain on Mr. Milroy that Mr. Price
was made secretary and manager.
"Mr. Milroy is one of the oldest, most
representative and most respected racing
officials on this coast. He was an earnest
worker in the days of the Blood Horse
Association, the parent body from which
the racing of the present day sprang. He
has been through all its ups aad downs
and has contributed much to the success
of the snort.
"We ielt he deserved to be relieved of
some of the heavy duties which the posi
tion of secretary entails. Hereafter^he will
give his attention solely to the work of
the office, Mr. Price relieving him of the
outside duties. There will be no change
in his salary, that remaining as it has
been, neither will there be a curtailing of
his authority."
Harvard Meets Yale ToDay.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 22.—Confi
dence in the prospects of the Harvard
team in its game with Yale to-morrow
was shaken late to-rtight by the an
nouncement that the athletic committee
would meet in the morning to definitely
pass upon Right Tackle Cutts' status.
This" came as a surprise, as "Harvard
men had no knowledge, and in fact they
have none yet, of any evidence submitted
by Yale or any one else upon which to
base the question of Cutts' ineligibility.
Cutts' substitute is Dick Lawrence, broth
er to George Lawrence of last year's
team. His form is far below that of
Cutts, both in the line and in rushing the
ball at tandem tackles formation. The
official line-up as given out to-night by
Coach Reid and Coach Stillman follows:
Harvard. Position. Yale.
Campbell Left end Gould
Blagden Left tackle Goss
Lfca Left guard Olcott
Sarsent Center Holt
Barnard Ripht guard Hamlln
Cults Right tackle Hogan
Bowditch Right end Swan
Marsha 11 Quarterback Desaulles
Kernan Left halfback Hart
Restlne Right halfback Chadwlck
Graydon Ful Iback Wey mouth
"NOT SOBER!"
SAYS A MAJOR
Officer Who Accuses
Col. Meade Makes
Admissions.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— When the offi
cers who comprise the court which is try
ing Colonel Meade resumed their investi
gations to-day Captain Benjamin A. Ful
ler, assistant judge advocate, who was
judge advocate at the court of inquiry
held in the navy yard last July, testified
to what had taken place there.
On cross-examination the witness stated
that once when he was on duty at the
Boston navy yard Major Lauchheimer
came to his (Captain Fuller's) room and
said he had just come from tho Puritan
Club after closing it up.
"What was his condition? Was he
sober or tight?" asked Lawyer Semple.
"He was under the influence of liquor,"
replied the witness.
\ihe witness then went on to state that
he had induced Major Lauchheimer to go
to his room, but the major returned later,
having removed his outer garments, ana
Captain Fuller had to draw a curtain over
the window in order to screen his visitor.
Major Lauchheimer was recalled and in
answer to the judge advocate said that
he had not solicited the orders which di
rected him to inspect the marine barracks
in Brooklyn in June last. He emphatic
ally denied that he had in any way tried
to injure Colonel Meade, and said that
he had never entered into any conspiracy
or league with any person in order to In
jure or retard Colorfel Meade in his suc
cession to the position of brigadier gen
eral of the marine corps.
In reply to the judge advocate in direct
examination the major said that in Sep
tember, 1897, he had been ordered to Bos
ton, where he was in consultation with
the District Attorney for several days
regarding a legal matter in connection
with the department. He was a guest of
Captain Kane at the navy yard and had
dined at Captain Kane's house prior to
going to the progressive party at Colonel
Meade's. He had a cocktail before din
ner and probably some claret during the
dinner that evening, and went to Colonel
Meade's house in company with Captain
and Mrs. Kane.
He said he was absolutely sober on
that occasion and did not arrive late. He
never appeared at any gentleman's house
in a maudlin condition and he denied that
his conduct on that evening was anything
other than that of a gentleman.
He told of his being the guest of the
Puritan Club in Boston and said that on
one occasion he had given a dinner to
five or six gentlemen whom he had-met
there in recognition of their being ex
tremely courteous to him during his vis
its to the club. On cross-examination «by
Lawyer Semple the major admitted that
the party had cocktails before dinner
champagne during dinner and cordials
afterward.
When asked about his visit to Captain
Fuller's quarters the witness said that he
was Invited there to a poker game after
he had given the dinner at the club. He
denied that his conduct at the club had
ben criticized, but acknowledged that
when he reached Captain Fuller's quar
ters he was not sober.
ITREBTJG PROBABLY AT
WORK TN SAN RAFAEL
Grady Brothers Lose Heavily for
the Second Time Within
a Week.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 22.-Fire started in
Grady Bros.' hay barn on Third street
at 2 o'clock this morning and destroyed
tho building and its contents. The cir
cumstances attending the blaze have
started the officers on an investigation as
to its cause. One week ago Grady Bros.'
hay barn and coalyard on B street were
destroyed by fire. The property was par
tially insured. They immediately started
business on Third street and were again
burned out. It is believed here that some
cowardly enemy is trying to ruin them.
Iglesias Promised Fair Trial.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— Governor
Hunt of Porto Rico and Samuel Gompers,
president of the American Federation of
Labor, had a talk with the President to
day about the case of Santiago Iglesias.
the representative of the Federation of
Labor recently arrested on his arrival at
San Juan on the charge of conspiring to
raise wages. Gompers says he will stand
by Iglesias, as tho charge of conspiracy
to raise wages is the only one against
him. Both Governor Hunt and President
Roosevelt assured Gompers that Iglesias
would have a fair trial and that all his
rights would be protected. «
VERITABLE BULLDOG OF THE ROAD
IS CHARLES FAIR'S AUTOMOBILE
Is Most Powerful Machine on the Coast and Capable of Covering
Fifty Miles an Hour Easily Over Suitable Roads*
CHARLES L. FAIR'S Panharfl
/ Levassor automoble was uncrated
yesterday and was tried by its
W yesterday and was tried by its
owner during the afternoon. It
requires but a slight stretch of the
imagination to see in this powerful ma
chine, with its low frame,' a striking re
semblance to a stocky bulldog. The run
ning gear is all of the most substantial
character, giving an impression of great
strength. It is a very easy riding vehicle,
the stout springs and big tires taking up
all the jar. • . . .
. Mr. Fair is considered the best amateur
chauffeur in California. For eight years
he has taken a lively interest in these
machines. He has a taste for mechanics,
and knows In an Instant whether the ma
chinery is performing its duty properly.
Mr*. ¦ Fair has ridden with ¦ Fournler and
Charron, the most expert chauffeurs in
France, where the use of the machine has
reached its highest development. He has
already outlined a trip to Del Monte when
the roads permit, and is also planning one
to Los Angeles. • - .
•The machine is capable of traveling fifty
miles an hour, but there are few stretches
of road here which will permit of this
high rate being maintained for any length
of lime. . ¦
' The machinery which drives the huge
vehicle is all in front, out of the way of
dust. The wheels 'and axles are of great
strength, while the upper, part is as light
as it is safe to make it, some of it being
of aluminum. The motive power is gaso
line, which is stored in a big tank in the
center of the machine.
•John Farley is to accompany Mr. Fair
on a short trip when the machine is prop
erly tuned up. In order to screw his cour
age up to the sticking point he is indulg
WASPS TOO MUCH
FOR OAKLAND IN
LISTLESS GAME
Score Fouiteen Runs to One for
the Cripples From Across
the Bay.
In one of the most tiresome and listless
games of the season, Uncle Henry's Ger
mans handed it to the Dudes yesterday
in al4to 1 package. It was one of those
contests that give the national game a
bad name and cause the "fans" to fall
asleep in their seats or else storm the
box office and demand their money back.
The game was utterly without feature,
save some double plays. Levy gave a
poor account of himself in the capacity
of umpire.
The cripples sprung a new one on the
"fans." His name is Water bury and he
halls from Berkeley, but has been pitch
ing for several amateur clubs around the
bey for the last three seasons. This year
he did great work in the box for Peta
luma. '¦: Waterbury is a first rate twirler,
but had the misfortune to make his debut
under harrowing circumstances. In the
lrst place, Levy gave him a bad deal on
balls and strikes. Nordyke made four
hits, but in reality should have been
struck out three times. , Then the sup
port Waterbury received was ragged at
times. Taking everything Into considera
tion, he did well. , -¦¦¦', ,_-
The Germans sent Nordyke home in the
first round on a hit and an error by Bab
bitt. It was during the third » that the
big • things b»gan to - happen. Nordyke
should have struck out, but, thanks to
Levy, he got a three-bagger. This un
nerved Waterbury, and Wilson also hit
for three, sending "Dyke" home. By a
combination of swats, and errors five of
the Dutch ambled home.
The fifth round was a sad blow to the
Dudes. A couple of scratch hits and an
error filled the sacks and Waterbury be
came unnerved and gave the next three
their base on balls. . Babbitt • went into
the box,' and Nordyke singled to center,
scoring a pair of : runs. Before the side
was retired Hildebrand brought in an
other by means of a fly to the right gar
r. Waterbury "¦¦ had the ' pleasure of saving
the cripples from a whitewash. • He open
ed . the - eighth with v a two-cushion swipe
to right, ' went to third on Mohler's out to
first i and' completed the trip on Franck'3
single. The score:
. 6 - ¦ SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
N0rdyUe.cf.... ...... 5 4' 4 0 10 J
Wilson, c 3 12 1120
HllUebrand, If ...... 5 2/2 o^,B 0 0
Schwartz, rf ........ 5 11.0 | .. 0 0
Krug. 2b....... 52 2 0 T.i 3 1
Shay-, bs .1 ? 2 « 0 4 « 0
Rellly. 3b ....5 0 10 14 .1
Graham, lb S 1 1 0 12 0 0
Iburg. P --J • _!_!_«_» A _0
Totals .............37 14 14 1 27 19 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler,;2b 4 0 10 4 0 0
Francks, ,ss .:. 3 0 2 0 5 :2 0
Dunleavy, cf:. ...... 4. 0 1 0 0 0 0
Streib, rf ...........I ; 0 1 ' o~.'B 0 0
THE PANHARD-LEVASSOR AUTOMOBILE IMPORTED FROM FRANCE
BY CHARLES L. FAIR. THIS IS THE FINEST MACHINE OF ITS
KIND ON THE COAST AND IS CAPABLE OF GREAT SPEED.
ing himself in matters which are not so
exciting. Yesterday he made an ascent
in the balloon to test his nerves. He be
lieves he can soon stand the excitement
of a spin on the road at fifty miles an
hour.
On Tuesday evening, the 26th inst., it
the weather is favorable, there will be a
run of the Automobile Club of California
to the Cliff House. Members are re
quested to assemble with their auto
mobiles at the corner of Van Ness and
Golden Gate avenues promptly at 7:30
p. m. On arrival at the Cliff House a
meeting of the club will be held in one of
the large parlors. After the business has
been transacted there will be music and
light refreshments. As the weather at
this season is uncertain, members who
feel doubtful about the run on Tuesday
are requested to telephone to E. P. Brine
gar. The committee having in charge all
matters relative to club runs has been ap
pointed by President F. A. Hyde for six
months and consists of E. P. Brinegar, R.
C. Lennie and J. G. O'Bryan.
The committee on runs has issued cer
Eagan. lb -1 0 1 0 6 0 0
Babbitt, p, 3b 4 0 0 0 2 0 2
Hamilton, If 2 0 10 2 10
Hanson, c 3 0 0 0 3 3 2
Waterbury. 3b, p... 3 1 1 0 0 1 3
Schmidt, If 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 31 1 8 0 24 13 7
HITS AND RUNS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 o—l
Base hits 1 1 0 1 1 2 0 2 o—B
San Francisco 1 0 5 0 7 0 1 0 •— 14
Base hits 10613021 •— 14
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lburg 1, Waterbury 4.
Three-base hits— Nordyke. Wilson. Two-base
hits— Reilly, Wilson. Waterbury. Sacrifice hit
—Francks. First base on errors— San Fran
cisco 2. Oakland 1. First base on called balls—
San Francisco S. Oakland 1. Left on bases-
San Francisco 4, Oakland 5. Struck out— By
Iburg 1, by Waterbury 3. Double plays—Kan
son to Mohler, Reilly to Shay to Graham,
fchay to Graham, Shay to Krug- to Graham.
Wild pitches— Waterbury 1. Time of same—
1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire— Levy. Official
Scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
Angels Defeat Senators.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22.— Los Angeles
won to-day in spite of the many errors of
the infield. Jones was effective at criti
cal stages, while Devereaux was wild and
unsteady. Sacramento was far more list
less and loose than the score would indi
cate; in fact, there was no snap to their
work and they seemed to loose heart after
the fourth inning. They made a half
hearted rally in the eighth and ninth
innings, but could not overcome the lead
of the locals. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, rf 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Hemphill, cf 3 1 2 0 1 0 0
Atherton, If 3 1 0 0 3 5 0
Reitz, 2b 4 110 17 1
Klhm, lb 3 1 1 » 18 0 0
Hall, es 3 12 0 3 5 2
Reilly, 2b 3 12 9 0 10
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Jones, p 3 .0 1 0 0 2 1
Totals 28 < 10 ' 0 27 17 5
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood, ss 5 1 3 0 1 4 1
Sheehan, 3b 5 0 1 0 1 3 0
Stanley, c 4 0 1 0 1 1 0
Courtney, 2b 3 1 0 1 2 2 0
Doyle, rf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
HofTer, cf 4 0 2 0 1 0 1
Davis, lb 3 1 0 0 12 0 0
McLaughlln, If 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Devereaux, p 3 1 0 0 3 4 0
Totals 34 4 7 1 24 14 2
HITS AND RUN 3BY INNINGS.
Los Ang«les 3 0 0 2 0 1 0 0 •— 6
Base hits 4 0 0 2 0 2 2 0 •— 10
Sacramento 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 2 1— 4
Base hits 11110002 I—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Devereaux 2. Two-base
hits— Stanley, Flood. Sacrifice hits— Hemphill.
Kihm. First base on errors — Los Angeles 1
Sacramento 2. First base on called balls— Los
Angeles 2, Sacramento 4. Left on bases— Los
Angeles 2, Sacramento 6. Double plays Reltz
to Hall to Klhm, Devereaux to Davis. Time
of game— l hour and 45 minutes. Umpire-
Harper.
Leaven-worth Loses a Convict.
LEAVEN WORTH, Kan.. Nov. 22.— John
Morgan, a convict at the Federal Prison,
made his escape while working in the
quarry to-day, his absence not being dis
covered until 5 p. m. He was sent un
from Leavenworth on the charge of un
lawfully selling Government property
and had one year yet to serve.
tain rul£3 regulating the conduct of those
who attend the runs, which w'll be in
charge of a captain and two lieu ' «nants,
appointed for the occasion by tne com
mittee. The captain will select the route,
lead the run. make the pace and generally
direct the movements of the machines. No
automobile Is to get ahead of the captain
or leave the line without permission.
Racing and "scorching" are absolutely
prohibited. Viofcuion of any of the rules
or disobedience of any reasonable and
proper order of the officers in charge of
the run will subject the offender to such
penalties as the board of managers may
sec fit to impose. Members accompanied
by friends are expected to see that they
understand and respect the rules.
President F. A. Hyde has just returned
from a trip to the P^astern States, during
which he visited Chicago. Buffalo. Wash
ington. Xew York. Philadelphia and other
cities, in all of which he examined the
regulations in force with regard to auto
mobiles. He is sending out letters asking
for information with regard to the prac
tice in other large cities.
GIBB OUTCLASSES
KID WILLIAMS OF
LOS ANGELES
Cleveland Bcx:r a Fas: and a
Hard Hitter- Griif in De
feats Sheeban.
Kid Williams of Los Angeles was
knocked out by voting «ibb of Cleveland
la3t night in th| main event of a clean
and lively boxing exhibition given by the
Acme Club In the Exposition building,
Oakland. There were two preliminary
bouts, both good as far as they went.
Both were terminated at the signal of a
sponge thrown in the ring. The exhibi
tion was largely attended, the contingent
from this city being out in full force.
Er.ch of the bouts went seve* rounds.
In the main event there waa some live
ly boxing, but Williams was clearly out
classed from the start. Gibb assumed the
aggressive and for the first three rounds
honors were about even. Williams opened
the ba!l in the third round with a left on
the colored boys jaw. which wa? followed
by a brisk interchange of blows. Gtbb
seeming to get the worst of it until to
ward the end of the round, when the gong
found him busily evening up matters,
It was toward the end of the fifth round
that Gibbs superior weight and speed b^>
gan to tell, and from then to the flnhn
Williams repeatedly clinched. The sev
enth round was short. Gibb rapped Wn
liams 1 ribs with telling effect and com
pleted his work with a stiff left hook on
the jaw which sent Williams through the
ropc3 limp and out.
In the txm fight Mickey Welch of the
Reliance Club and Jack McDonald of San
Francisco divided honors until the aev
er.th round, when McDonald's seconds
threw up the sponge. The sponge alao
ended the bor.t between Con Sheehan
late of the British navy, and Hank Grif
fin. The latter had all the best of the
fight and Sheehar. was virtually out when
Kid Laviene threw the sponge into tho
ring. Jack Kitchen refereed all the bouts.
POLICE INVESTIGATE RUMOR
OF MURDER LN THE PARK
The police were called upon last night
to investigate a wild rumor to the effect
that a murder or attempt to commit mur
der occurred near Strawberry Hill in Gol
den Gate Park. The rumor, it 19 said,
grew out of a conversation between two
men on a Turk-street car which was over
heard by a boy named Guito Ghetaldl.
The boy is reported to have stated that
he heard one of the men declare that he
had been decoyed out to Strawberry Hill
and shot. Guito reported that the man
in making the statement about having
been shot held his hand over his breaac
as though wounded.
A conductor to whim the story was
told informed Officers Gleason an«l Burke
holder, who. after making in'iu
to the conclusion that the rumor was
groundless. A second rumor was to the
effect that a man had been enticed out to
Strawberry Hill and murdered. Both ru
mors, in all probability, originated from
the same source.
112
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Stocks in Wall street tinner.
Silzcr lower again. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat a fraction lower. Other grains unchanged.
Hax and Fcedsinffs continue zvcak.
Brans steady. witJi some changes.
Potatoes too high to be shipped overland.
Onions continue firm, with light receipts.
Butter continues weak. Cheese steady and Eggs firm.
Stocks of Cranberries rather larger.
Dried Apples and Plums firm. Other Dried Fruits quiet.
Stocks of Provisions accumulating at Chicago.
Wool, Hides and Hops unchanged.
Packers securing Hogs at a fractional decline.
Poultry in liberal supply and weak. Gcmc higher.
Nothing new in Fresh Fruits.
Linseed Oil marked down.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Canadian Oat; for South Africa.
The British Columbia Trade Budget states
, that through Lord Strathcona's office In Lon
don, the Minister of Agriculture, the Hon. Syd
ney Fisher, has made arrangements whereby
practically the whole of the surplus oat crop
of Alberta, Northwest Territory, which this
year is more than 1.000,000 bushels In excess of
the British Columbia demand, can be delivered
•. trioa on account of the War Office.
In Mite of the distance the transportation fa
cilities of this country are so perfect that oats
ve yed from Alberta for a distance
• r MM miles, to the Atlantic seaboard,
and thence transhipped to South Africa at a
less coet than oats from Greal Britain or the
;es. and yet the farmers of Alberta
¦ r cent higher prices than ihey
ha\e been receiving elsewhere. The oats are
¦ purchased in the district between Cal
gary and Edmonton, shipped to Calgary, thence
M ntreal, after they are inspected, where
they will be elevated, clipped and bagged be
fore being transhipped on the I. C. R. cars.
will then be loaded from the cars to the
f*rs waiting at St. John to receive them,
c they will be shipped to South Africa.
Weather Report.
: Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 22—5 P. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
ur.c rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Lest
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .... 14.69
Red Bluff 4.98 6.04
Sacramento 3.6S 6 9S
San Francisco 4.25 5.70
Fresno 1-«S 5.10
Independence 1-09 2.18
San Luis Ob'.spo 3.94 9. 94
Los Angeles 2.44 6.79
San Diego 0.75 1.61
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
61: minimum. 52; mean. 50.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 42-3"; Cincinnati. 44-30; Washington,
Jacksonville. Et-42; Kansas City. 58-40;
New York 44-32- Omaha 56-32; Duluth. 3S-20;
Ball Lake City. 50-SS; Chicago. 46-42; St. Louis,
M-4 •' ; Philadelphia 4C-34.
THE COAST RECORD.
' STATION* 3 r = --<~ * o e•=
I in 1 1§ r PI
•;;: : : 3
Astoria 29.76 5S 46 SW Cloudy 4.10
Bal.er 29. 5S 50 28 SE Cloudy 0.11
Cat-sen 30.12 62 36 W Cloudy 0.00
Eureka 56 0.06
Fresno 30. 1S 70 48 E Clear 0.00
FiaKstaff SO.3S 66 16 E Pt.Cldy 0.00
Pocatello. Idaho. -.30. 19 54 '36 S Cloudy o.<*>
Imi.-iwndence 30.10 66 3S SE Pt.Cldy 0.09
tan Angeles 30.01! KZ, 44 W Clear 0.00
Itiuenis 30.10 76 44 NW Pt.Cldy 0.00
Portland 29.54 ES 40 S Cloudy 1.34
Ked li'.uff 30.14 r»S 54 BW Cloudy 0.00
Hoseburg 29.50 CC 56 S Rain 0.76
Sacramento 30.20 C 4 61 SE I't.Cldy 0.00
Salt Lake W. 20 5S M SE Clear 0.00
San Francisco 30.22 60 H SE Clear 0.00
San Luis 0bi5p5... 30.14 76 50 NW Clear 0.00
San Diego ..SO.CS 78 54 N Clear 0.00
Ser.tlle . 29.71 56 42 B Cloudy 1.46
.Spokane 29. 7S 50 36 SW Rain 1.02
Nenli ay.. 42
\V:illa Walla 29.76 C 6 44 W Haiti 0.18
emucca 30.06 60 42 SW Cloudy 0.00
Yun-.a. 30. 0S a 44 HV Clear 0.00
Temperature, 7a. m.— decrees.
ITEATHEB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A disturbance or considerable energy overlies
Washington and British Columbia. It Is ap
parently moving eastward traversing the north
ern tier of States. High southerly winds and
heavy rainfalls are reported in Northern Ore
gon. Little if any rain has fallen In California.
The temperature- continues from 7 to 15 de
crees above the normal throughout Central and
Southern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight November 22, 1901.
Northern California— Cloudy In northern por
tion, fair in southern portion Saturday; fresh
southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds, changing to easterly.
Nevada— Cloudy, cooler Saturday; brisk south
' erly wind. •
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday;
fresh southerly winds; fog In the morning.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— The strength in to
day' broad and animated market was the se
quence of the sudden awakening of a specu
lative activity yesterday afternoon. A large
bear account was caught uncovered, as a con
sequence of the persistent short selling by
the professional clement for some time on the
assumption that the money market could not
escape a squeeze between now and the first
of the year. The unexpected collapse In the
loreign exchange market and the prospect of
recuperation for the money market left the
bears without much ground to stand on, and
they bought eagerly to cover to-day. This
was a considerable influence in the recovery
of prices. The clearing up of the money sit
uation leaves the way open for the natural
operations of various forces making toward
1 igher prices. The character of to-day's mar
ket made it appear that a. considerable specu
lative element has been waiting and eagerly
en the watch for just this development. The
demand for some of the favorite stocks was
en a very heavy scale and the day's trans
actions were run up once more to over a mil
lion shares. The considerable advance during
the day invited profit-taking in the final deal-
Ings and last prices on the principal active
stocks were between 1 and 2 points lower than
the best. The late selling was accentuated by
a renewal of the acute weakness in People's
Gas oa the denial of a restraining order
against the assessment of taxes on the alleged
high valuations of Illinois corporations. The
stock tumbled 2\ from the best, and Consoli
dated Gas slumped 4%. The aggressive
etrength of New York Central and Manhattan
continued a widely diffusive influence in the
whole market. No information was forthcom
ing to explain these movements. There were
rumors of control of Manhattan by New York
Central and of a coming distribution of the
surplus in the treasuries of New York Cen
tral's subsidiary companies. The determined
buying of Pennsylvania and the. aggreslve Lid
ding up of P.. C. C, and St. Louis were based
entirely on a purpose to rectify the dispro
portion in the prices of these stocks, com
pared with the Vandcrbllts. The placing of
Hocking Valley on a regular 3 per cent, divi
dend basis was an earnest of the prosperous
conditions ruling in the soft coal trade, which
was reflected In the advance of practically that
whole group of etock's. The October statement
of the net earnings of New Jersey Central.
showing an increase of no less than 165 per
cent over those of October of last year, was
ample .^nation of the recent strength in
the anthracite coalers. The collapse in the
loreißTi exchange market was due to the sud
den falling off in the demand to cover matur
ities, which had been a feature of the mar
ket for several weeks-.
The railroad bond market was quiet. Total
•ales, $2,870,000. . ' ¦ .
United States refunding 2s advanced % per
. cent on the last celL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 23,200 82 81% 81%
Atchison pfd 5.700 101T4 101% 101H
Baltimore & Ohio 18,200 109% 107% 108%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 700 96 95H 85
Canr-cian Pacific 4,700 115 114% 114%
Canada Southern 1,600 84 84 $*%
Chesapeake & Ohio 16.70 C 4SVi 47 *1%
Chicago & Alton 1.500 37% ' 37% 37H
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 700 7S 1 * 78 78 1 *
Chicago, Ind & Louis... 17,700 50Vi 49% 49Vi
Chso. Ind & Louis pfd.. 1,900 73% 75 74 r > 4
Chicago & Eastern 111 134%
Chicago & Great West.. 3,200 25%, 25% 25%
Chicago &G W A pfd.. 1.200 90 89 88%
Chicago &G W B pfd.. 800 48% 47 47%
Chso & Northwestern... 3.200 213 209% 212%
Chicago, R 1 & Pacific. 3,100 149 147 V* 148
Chicago Term & Trans 20 .
Chgo Term & Trans p£d 300 37% 37% 37
C C &St Louis 3.200 100% 98% 99%
Colorado Southern 600 14% 14 14
Colo Southern Ist pfd.... 900 66% 65 55%
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 300 26 26% 25%
Delaware & Hudson 9.600 178% 176% 176%
Delaware. Lack & West 4.100 245% 244 245
Denver & Rio Grande.. 300 47 47 46%
Denver &R G pfd 3.200 95% 95 95
Erie 21.700 43% 42% 43
Erie Ist pfd 24,100 73% 73% '3%
Erie 2d pfd 7.200 60% 60 60
Great Northern pfd 1.300 195% 194 194
Hocking Valley 2.700 62% 61% 62
Hocking Valley pfd 2.100 80% 80 80%
Illinois Central 1.700 140% 139% 140
lowa Central 200 40% 40% 40%
lowa Central pfd 300 77% 77 77
Lake Erie & Western... 200 73 " 72 72
Lake Erie & West pfd 130
Louisville & Nashville.. 14,900 108% 108 107%
Manhattan Elevated ... 88.600 137% 135% 13,'
Metropolitan St Ry 41.000 171% 169% 169%
Mexican Central 21%
Mexican National 200 14% 13% 14
Minn & St Louis 1.200 10S% 107% 108
Missouri Pacific 36.100 104% 102% 103%
Mo. Kans & Texas 1.200 27 26% 26%.
Mo, Kans & Texas pfd.. 3.000 54% 53% 53%
New Jersey Central 100 185 185 IS4
New York Central 66.100 16974 1C9% 165%
Norfolk & Western 51.500 59% 57% 59%
Norfolk & Western pfd. 100 92% 92% 91%
Northern Pacific pfd.... 1.100 100% 100% 100%
Ontario & Western 21.700 36% 3G% 36%
Pennsylvania 73.700 148% 147% 148%
Reading 56.900 50% 49% EMi
Reading Ist pfd 23.100 80% 79% SO
Reading 2d pfd 26.300 GO% 69% F9%
St Louis & San Fran.... 2.300 54% 63% 53"t
St Louis &S F Ist pfd. 300 82% 81% $1%
St Louis & SF 2d pfd. 2.100 72% 72 72
St Louis Southwestern.. 5.000 30% 29% 29
St Louis Southwstn pfd 6.700 Cl 7 69v4 61
St Paul 43.900 171 169% 170%
St Paul pfd 1.100 190% IS9 190
Southern Pacific 32.6*) «1% 60% 61%
Southern Railway 14.600 " 34% 34 34%
Southern Railway pfd.. 8.000 91% 90% 91
Texas & Pacific 10.300 42% 41% 42
Toledo. St Louis & W.. 200 20% 20 20%
Toledo. St L & W pfd 34
Union Pacific 82.500 105% 104% 104%
Union Pacific pfd 6.700 9\% « «4 91%
Wabash MM 21% 20% 21
Wabash pfd 10.500 39% 37% 3S 7 4
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 200 I? 19 19%
Wheeling &LE 2d pfd. 200 31 30 31
Wisconsin Central ..' 1.400 21% 21% 21%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 1.500 43% i 42% 45
Express Companies —
Adams 190
American 200 205% 208% 207
United States 100 94% 94% 93
Wells Fargo .' 190
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 36.400 87% 85% 86
Am Car & Foundry 3.150 29% 29 29
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 900 85% 84% 85
Am Linseed Oil ..... 18
Am Linseed Oil pfd 48
Am Smelt & Ref 4.100 47% 47 47
Am Smelt & Ref pfd... 300 99 95% 97%
Anaconda Mining Co 2.300 35% 34% 35
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 17.100 69% 68 68
Colo Fuel &. Iron 2CO 93 92 91%
Consolidated Gas 4,300 225 220% 221
Continental Tobacco pfd . : 116
General Electric 3,000 263 260 HI
Glucose Sugar 40
Hot-king Coal t ... 100 ¦ 15 15 14".
International Paper 200 21 20% 20%
International Paper pfd 200 76% 76% 76%
International Power 400 92% 91% 91%
Laclede Gas .- 92%
National Biscuit 200 42?» 42% 42%
National Lead 14%
National Salt 30
National Salt pfd 86%
North American 2.600 97% 94% 93
Pacific Coast 2.100 73% 71 72
Pacific Mail 700 47 46% 46%
People's Gas 43.200 100% 97 97%
Pressed Steel Car 700 44% 44 *43%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 400 87% 87% *7
Pullman Palace 100 218% 218% 216
Republic Steel 3.600 16% 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd 400 68% 68% 68%
Sugar 54.500 124% 120% 123
Term Coal & Iron 7.900 64% 63% 64
Union Bag &' Paper Co 14
Union B & Pap Co pfd 73%
0 B Leather 37.100 13% 12 i»Tfc
T" B Leather pfd 4,900 83% 82 82%
U S Rubber 1514
D S Rubber pfd .* "" 50
V S Steel 21.700 43 1 42% 42%
D S Steel pfd...... 17.900 93 92% 92%
Western Union 9,900 92 91% 91%
Shares sola 1,200.000
CLOSING BONDS.
D S ref 2s reg 108% I L & N unified 45. .102%
Do coup 108% Mcx Cent 4s gji;
U S 3s, reg 108% Do Ist mc 29%
Do coup lCS'4lMlnn & St L 4s. 108
D S new 4s, reg. ..139% MX & T 43.. .. 100%
Do coup 139% | Do 2nds S2
V S old 4s, reg... 112% N V Cent lsts 105%
Do coup 112% Do gen 3^.s ... 103%
U S ss. Reg 107 Vi N Jer Cent gen ss. 131
Do coup 107% North Pac 4s 106%
Atchison gen 4s 103% Do 3s 72«
Do adjust 45...... 93% N & West con to.UEC
Bait & Ohio 45.... 103 7 I Reading gen 4s 99%
Do 3%s 56% St L & I M con 55.116%
Do cony ti 109 ,St L & S Fran 4s 95
Canada South 2nd*. 109 ISt L 'SW lsts . 97
Cent of Georgia ss. 105% St L SW 2nds SOU
Do Ist Inc 73 8 A & A P 45.... KSvi
Ches & Ohio 4%5..107 | South Pac 4s 94%
Chi & Alton 3%5.. S.T' : South Ry 5s 120 ! /2
C, B & Q new 45.. DB% Tex & Pac 15t5....120'
C M & S P gen 4s.lll%|TSt L & W 45.... 82
Chi & NW con 75.H2 i Union Pac 4s 10654
Chi It I& P 45. ...107 Do cony 45.... 107^
CC& SL g 45.104 Wabash lsts 119
Chicago Term 45.. 92 Do 2nds my,
Colo 4 South 45... 89% Do deb B .... 61
Den & R G 45. ...103 West Shore 45. .....113%
Erie prior lien 45. .100 W & L E 4s 92
Do gen 45...'. 89% ' Wis Cent 4s BS%
F W & D C lKts..lu7=VCon Tob 4s 63%
Hocking Val 4%5..107}i . , "
MINING STOCKS..
Adams Con 13 Little Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontario 9 so
Breece '. 65 Ophlr 75
Brunswick Con ... 11 > Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel . 06 Potosl .. 03
Con Cal & Va.... 155 Savage 05
Dead wood Terra .. ftO. Sierra Nevada OS
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes 40
Iron Sliver 6') Standard 3 65
Leadvllle Con ...'.. 05 i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ,
Money— |U S Steel .: ...4214
Call loans 4 @5l Do pref 92ft
Time loans ...,...4%<&3 Westingh'se com .. 70
Bonds— Mining—
Atchison 4s 102 Adventure .. . 22
I Gas lsts 84% Allouez ... 4%
I Mexican Cent 45.. 80 Amalgamated ... .86
N E Gas & Coke. 62 Baltic 46
Railroads— Cal & Hecla ..... 670
Atchison .. 81% Centennial 1514
Do pref 101% Copper Range .. 64
! Boston & Albany. .2s9V* ' Dominion Coal ... 46«
; Boston & Maine ..192 Franklin . i«iT .
; N V N H & H...213 ; Mohawk ; 42%
j Kitchburg pref 114 ,Old Dominion .... 2b%
Union Pac ...104*i Osceola .....100
Mexican Cent ...... 21V4 Parrot ....' ........ 37
Miscellaneous— Qulncy 150
Amor Sugar 122% ! Santa Fe Copper.! 414
Amer Tel & Te1. .158 Tamarack .....257 -
Dom Iron & Steel. 28 iTrimountaln ... 44
] General Electric... 262% i Trinity ..Y25%
I Mass Electric .... Utah 22"!
I X E Gas & Coke.. 69 Victoria ............ &S
1 United Fruit ...... 85 Wolverine .......... 69*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1901.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was quiet and dull.
Consols were weak on the New Zealand 3 per
cent loan of £1,500,000 at 94. The feature of
the market was a recovery In the American
department and the bear contingent strength
in New York. There was little fresh buying.
London being still a seller on balances, but
New York persistently absorbed the coal
stocks. The features were New York Central
ahd Norfolk and Western, the latter touching
the record price of 60%. The market closed
cheerful an 4at the top.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. 22.— Anaconda, 7; Atchison,
53%; do preferred, 103%; Canadian Pacific,
17%; Denver and Rio Grande, 47%; do pre
ferred, 9.14; Northern Pacific preferred, KM'^;
Southern Pacific, 62%; Union Pacific, 107V4; do
preferred, 94; bar silver weak, 26d per ounce;
money. 3V£ per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Money on call, firm at
3%@4 per cent; last loan and ruling rate. 4%
per cent; prime mercantile paper. 4%@5 per
cent; sterling exchange weak, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand and
$4 84% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 85®
4 55% and $4 SS%@4 89; Mexican dollars, 45c;
bonds — Government, strong; State. Inactive;
railroad, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— T0-day's statement
of the Treasury balance shows: Available cash
balance, $164,30},017; gold. $105,941,972.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all the principal cities for the week
ended November 21. with the percentage of in
crease and decrease as compared with the cor
responding week last year;
• Percentage.
Cities — Clearances. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,590,031,444 7.4
Chicago 171.339.026 12.9
Boston 140.302.590 .... 9.0
Philadelphia 120,500.510 9.8
St. Louis 64,464,674 32.2 ....
Pittsburg 39,059,55 l 3.1
Baltimore 24.545.507 .... 1.7
&an Francisco 27.164,372 30.0 ....
Cincinnati 20.494,700 24.7
Kansas City 18.609.650 3.1 ....
Minneapolis 19.197.566 40.8
Cleveland 14.128.622 16.4 ....
New Orleans 16.673,69* 1.8 ....
Detroit 16.511,497 74.8 ....
Louisville 9.342.534 9.8 ....
Indianapolis 12.192.647 47.9 ....
Providence 7.615.700 4.9 ....
Omaha 6.919,428 6.5 ....
Milwaukee 5.335.8J0 16.5
Buffalo 6.439. ;>96 12.3
St. Paul 6.725.25S 7.5
Savannah 4,755.251 33.9
Denver 4.744.896 ....
St. Joseph 6.111,881 27.6
Richmond 8.747.185 10.5
Memphis 4.541.213 12.«
Seattle 5.495.75S 22.1
Washington 2.665.610 6.6
Hartford 2.424.316 10.1
Los Angeles 4,2f'5,300 81.4 ....
Salt Lake City .... 4.655.055 23.9
Toledo 2,434.567 2.8 ....
Portland. Ore 3,028.358 23.5
Rochester 2.353,628 1.5
Peoria 2.599.635 7.7
Fort Worth 8.096,419 64.7 ....
Atlanta 3.029.108
Norfolk 1.605.659 ....
De 3 Moines 2.174,115 42.0
New Haven 1.638.709 6.6
Springfield. Mass . 1.793.024 11.7 ....
Augusta 1.495.323 8.4
Nashville 1.733.640 23.6
Worcester 1.700.755 IS.O
Grand Rapids 1,638.437 18.0 ....
Sioux City 1.701,873 16.5
Dayton, 0 1,278.342 5.3
Syracuse 1.442,050 18.9 ....
Scranton 1.G43.259 49.3
Portland. Me 1.670,534 237 ....
Spokane 1.458.86S 36.3 ....
Tacoma 1.331.406 10.9
Evansville 890. 56J 20.6
Wilmington. Del. . 1.140.272 12.7
Davenport. 898.511 21.2 ....
Fall River 935.165 .... 15.2
Birmingham 1.214.00S 15.5
Topeka 1.2H.255 33.0
Macon 950.000 2.4
Little Rock 93;>.9:)S 15. 7 ....
Helena 662.902 15. 3 #...
Knoxvllle C 54.524 27.9 ....
Lowell 667,706 8.9
Wichita IM.ni 14.9 ....
Akron 712.5W 40.9
New Bedford .... 665.533
Lexington 555.962 14.7
Springfield. 11l &54.558 7.5
Binghamton 352.700 15.7
Chattanooga 492.570 9.8
Kalamazoo 419.930 5.5
Fargo 665.644 .... ....
Youngstown KftlSO C 3.3
Springfield, 0 325.712 -10.9
Rockford 3.'.5.943 19.1
Canton 406.000 390
Jacksonville 361.658 28.4
Sioux Falls 2-G.263 24.1
Fremont 166. 06S 9.2
Bioomington, 111- • 291.C96 35.3
Jacksonville, 111. .. 164.123 .... 1.7
Columbus. O.* 6.975.500 20.4
Galveston* 5.529.900 18.1
Houston* U. 377.951 .... 7.(,
Colorado Springs t 939.300 ....
Wheeling, W. Va.t.. 717.670
Chester t 343.299
Wilkesbarre t 557.623
Albany 5,576.107
Totals $2,430,874,004 6.1 ; .
Outside N. Y...$ 840.842,560 9.5
CANADA.
Montreal $21,610,930 29.0  .
Toronto 14.003.841 27.7
Winnipeg 6.290.930 99.9
Halifax 1 1,892,883 5.7
Vancouver. B. C 985.939 25.3
Hamilton 907.574 13.7
St. John. N. B 515.160 4.8
Victoria. B. C 629.507 24.0
Quebec t 1.456.2C5
Totals. Canada ...$46,227,164 30.6
• Not Included In totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
t Not included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK, Nov. -22.-R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
Never before in the history of the United
States was there such good reason for a day
of national thanksgiving. This country hus
made unprecendented strides toward a position
of international supremacy, not only in com
merce, but also In finance. To a marked de
gree business enterprises have proved success
ful. An idle wheel In mills or factories is the
exception, while labor is well employed at high
wages. Consumptive demands sustains the
values of all staple commodities. Transporta
tion facilities have been unable to keep steps
with the nation's prosperity, many complain
ing of tardy deliveries.
Strength Is the rule In markets for farm
products. Favorable weather during closing
days of corn harvesting failed to bring any
reaction from the highest Ujfcce level in many
years.
Wheat holds at about three cents above last
years price, despite the marked difference In
size of crops. Receipts for the week were
5,040,417 bushels, against 2,606,776 bushels last
year. Speculation In coffee has resumed nor
mal proportions.
Failures for the week numbered 218 In the
United States, against 238 last year, and 81 in
Canada against 29 last year.
Bradstreet'.s on Trade
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: Taken as a whole, the reorder
demand for Jobbers the country over and the
Inquiry for holiday goods is equal to. and In
the latter case, superior to recently preceding
years. While complaints of insufficient trans
portation facilities come from all leading
American, Canadian and even some Mexican
points, the chief tension is noted in that part
of the cßmtry betwen the Allegheny Mountains
and the Mississippi, and between the lakes
and the Ohio River. While it is expected that
the close of lake navigation will relieve the
tension and release some cars, little permanent
improvement Is looked for until after Janu
ary 1.
The iron and steel market has burst Its
bounds this week no far as prices are con
cerned, and pie Iron is 50 cents to $1 a ton
higher at nearly all markets. The former ad
vance Is on Southern grades, and the latter Is
secured for prompt delivery of much-needed
supplies. Steel works In the Pittsburg district,
are, however, reported as being unable to run
to their full capacity, owing to the lack of
supplies of pig iron, and the furnaces pro
ducing this latter are in turn suffering for
want of coke. Chicago rail mills, which pro
duce one-third of the country's output, are
sold one year ahead, and trie Providence loco
motive works are likewise booked toward the
end of 1902. Many furnaces are out of blast
at Pittsburg and $1 advance is demanded for
prompt deliveries of Bessemer. Some German
steel has reached that center and larger im
ports are expected. Steel billets are scarce
at $GS per ton. Finished products are with
out much change, but Central Western mills
will not promise deliveries of steel bars inside
of sixty days, while structural material is hard
to get. Wheat weakened early on the record
breaking increase in the visible supplies re
ported in the Bradstreet statement. Northwtst
ern receipts were also very neavy, but a good
export demand is reported at the decline. The
Southwestern drouth is reported broken.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 5,515,930 bushels, against 4,983,734
bushels last week and 3, 527, 296 bushels in tins
week last year. Wheat exports from July 1
to date aggregate 122,701,581 bushels, against
74.245,113 bushels last week.
Eastern shoe factories are busy on orders,
and the call for spring stocks is so urgent that
there !s less than the usual between seasons'
quietness. There Is a rather easier tone to
hides which favors buyers.
Failures in the United States for the week
aggregate 223, as against 213 last week, 21a
in this week a year ago. 202 in 1599 and IS2
in ISSB.
Canadian failures for the week unmber 22.
against 30 last yeek and 31 in this week a year
ago.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23.531 barrels; exports, 10,821 barrels: market
dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 19.0C0 bushels: exports,
P3.961 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 82% c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 80Vic elevator: No.
1 Northern Duluth, SlVic f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Duluth. 87% cf. o. b. afloat. Options
opened easier because of heavy Northwest re
ceipts, lower cables, and bearish Argentine
newsy The market turned firm, closing very
steady at unchanged prices. March closed
at 81% c; May, So%@Sl',ic, closed at SlVic; De
cember closed 79 1 nc.
HOPS— Steady.
HlDES— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice. 6%c;
mild, market steady; Cordova, 7%@11c. Fu
tures closed steady. 10@15 points net higher.
Total sales, 32,750 bags. December, 6.00 c;
January. 6.60<§6.65c: March. e-SOig^gOc: May,
7@7.05c: July, 7.20@7.25c; September, 7.30@
7 40c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining, 3 3-16®
3'ic; centrifugal, -as test, 3 11-16 c. Molasses
sugar, 3c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER-Receipts. 856S packages; strong.
State, dairy, 15@23c; creamery, 17@25c; June
creamery, 12@22%c; factory, 14%@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts. 17,992 packages; .easier.
State and Pennsylvania, 26@27c: Western, at
mark, 21@26c; Southern, at mark, 20@25c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Evaporated apples,
steady. State, common to good, 6@B%c; prime,
9@9%c; choice, 9%@9%c; fancy, 10@10%c.
California dried fruits were quiet, but
steady.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, BV.@l3c: Moorpark, S@
12c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. llfHSc; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 22.— The wheat market was
a dull, narrow affair, ruling most of the time
slightly under yesterday. The opening was
easier on Improved weather conditions in the
winter wheat belt as the result of copious
rains. Lower cables and continued liberal re
ceipts also had a depressing influence and
December, which opened %@%c to %@%c lower
at 71%@71%c, declined soon to 71%@71%c. There
were good orders on the break, many from
Wall street, and shorts had to cover, bringing
December up to 72% c. After this demand was
supplied the market steadied and December
closed unchanged at 72!5?2%c.
Trade In the corn pit was governed mainly
by local conditions. December closed firm at
60% c.
A stronc cash situation in oats kept that
pit fairly active with a strong undertone. De
cember closed strong, %c up. at 41c.
Provisions ruled easy early on a large run
of hogs and on liberal selllne. both by out
side holders and packers. All January pro
ducts closed 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 7P.% 71% 71% 71%
December * 7'", 72% 71% 72%
May '. . 75% 75Vi 75%
Corn No. 2—
November 53Ts 60% S9 T fc 60%
December GO 60% 59% 60%
May 63 63V* 62% 63%
Oats No. 2—
December 40% 41% 40' i 41
May 41% 41% 41% 41"'g
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 15 50 15 60 15 47% 15 57%
January 15 30 15 30 15 15 15 27%
Lard per 100 pounds-
January S7O 8 7714 870 870
May 8 87% 8 92% S 57% 8 92%
December 8 72% 8 72% 8 72% 8 72ii
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 7 75 7 SO 7 75 7 SO
May 7 92% 800 7 92% 7 97%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No 3 spring wheat. 69<i?70 l *c; No. 2 red,
74<?3 75c; No. 2 oats. 41%<341%c; No. 2 white. 44ft
4'.»c; No. 3 white. 43%*714Uc; No. 2 rye. COtfi)
60% c; fair to choice malting barley, r>7%@6lc;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 46: No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 46U; prime timothy, seed, $6 ]O@G 2J; mess
pork, per barrel. '$14 !s!jfl4 20: lard, per 10J
pounds, $S 75@8 77%; short -rib sides (loose).
$7 Sof/S; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $7 37%<i$
7 E0; " short clear sides (boxed). $S 2jfii 35;
whisky, basis of high wines. $1 31: clover, con
tract grade. $S 85.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28.000 IS.OOr,
Wheat, bushels 115.000 4.V000
Corn, bushels 115.000 57.010
Oats bushels 210.000 226.000
Rye,' bushels 17.000 1.000
Barley, bushels 54.000 14.C00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was unchanged; creamery, 14@24%c;
dairy. IS«T2Oc. Cheese. 9V4@lo*4c. Eggs, easier;
fresh. !»%C
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 9% 5 Xi%
Closing  5 9Vi 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 2130 22 CO
Closing 2130 22 55
Flour-
Opening 27 10 28 60
Closing 27 10 2S 60
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— A sharp advance oc
curred In tin to-day, owing to a scarcity of
that metal. Arrivals were rather late and
4P demand was urgent prices Jumped up 100
points to 28.50 c for spot, with the close strong.
At London values were higher on speculrtlve
buying, with the close firm at £114 5s for spot
and £108 15s for futures.
Copper In London declined 5s on spot and 15s
on futures, as a result of selling pressure.
Spot was quoted at £66 7s 6d and futures at
£64 17s 6d, while the local market was quiet
and unchanged on the basis of 16.85@17c for
lake and 16%@16%c for casting.
Lead was dull and ea3>\ with spot quoted at
£11 5s In London, while here the market was
quiet at 4.37V4C.
Spelter was steadier at London and 2s fid
higher, with suot quoted at £16 15s. Locally
the market was dull at 4.30 c.
Iron was steady. Fig lion warrants, $10®
1; No. 1 Northern foundry, Jis@lß; No. 2
foundry Southern, $14@15; No. 1 foundry
Southern. $14 f)0(gl5 50: No. 1 foundry South
ern soft. $14 50@15.
Glasgow Iron warrants closed at 66s and
Mlddlesboro 43s 3d.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23. -Cotton closed un
changed. 2 to 3 points higher.
Eastern Livestock Market. '
CHICAGO.
• CHICAGO. Nov. 22. -CATTLE— Receipts. 3000.
including 200 Texans; market dull at recent
decline- good to prime. ; $6@7:' poor to medium.
$3 75tqj SO; mockers and feeders, $2@4; ¦¦¦ cows,
Jl(g4 00: heifers, $1 SOFT'S; canners. $I®:.' 25: bull,
$1 75(j/4 50; calves, •$2 50@5 ; , Texas . fed steers,
$2 86©3 7."). ¦ . ¦ " ..- -
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 46,000; to-morrow.
30.000: , left over. 9000 . head; : market for., heavy.
10c lower; light, 15@25c lower; mixed and butch
ers,. $5 60®5 97%: good to choice heavy. $5 60@6;
rough .to fair heavy, $5 40(55 60: light. $5 25@
5 60; bulk of sales. $5 60@5 77%. .. :
SHEEP-Receipts, 8000; ¦ 10@l5c ; lower; lambs
opened steady, •¦ closed lower; good to choice
wethers. : $3 40@4; fair to choice mixed, $2 750
3 40: .Western sheep. ¦'¦¦ $3@3 CO; '. native • lambs.
$2 50@4 75; Western lambs, feeders, ¦$3 50@4 15.
v> . ST. JOSEPH. ' / ;
- ST. JOSEPH. Nov. CATTLE— Receipts.
1400. Steady. Natives " $3<S:G 50: cows and heif
ers. $1 25@5 10; veals '$2 50@5 75;- stockers and
feeders, $1 50@4 30.
HOGS— Receipts, f 1000. Steady. Light and
light mixed, $5 40® 5 57%; medium and heavy,
$5 70@6 02%; pigs, $3 So© 4 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1300. Steady.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 22.— Clearings, $378,
490; balances, $78,264.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 22.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 57 1 / i@sSc; bluestem, 59c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 22.— Clearings, $213,995; bal
ances, $51,852.
WHEAT- %e higher; bluestem, 58% c; club,
E7%c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— Consols, 91%; silver, 26d;
French rentes, lOlf 7%c; wheat cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady, No. 1 standard Cali
fornia. 295; Walla Walla 28s 9d; English coun
try markets quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 22.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California. 5s 10%d@5s lid; wheat in
Paris, steady; flpur in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON-Uplands. 4 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), firm, £3
s@£4.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 SS^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 &3V*
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per ounce — 56%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
vi'HEA'f— The foreign markets Bhowed little
change. Liverpool futures "were firm. Argen
tine crop conditions were reported more favor
able.
Chicago opened tamely on indifferent cables
and large Northwestern receipts, but subse
quently recovered on good buying by houses
with Wall street connections. Speculative
trade was smaller, owing to another heavy in
crease in the visible supply expected next Mon
day. The Modern Miller was very bullish
and said that it was expected that from 45,
00,000 bushels to 50.000.0U0 bushels would be
fed to stock this season. It also said that
complaints of dry weather were Increasing,
and some reports were that fall sown Wheat
is dying In some sections on account of lack
of moisture, though the late rains may have
afforded some relief. The American clearances
for the week, according to Bradstreet's, were
5.515.000 bushels, including flour.
The local market showed little change,
though prices were a fraction lower.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1; milling, $1 02%@
1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 24,ooo
ctls, $1 05.
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctls, $104%; 2000.
$1 04%; 2000. $1 04%. December— l4,ooo ctls. $1.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 04%.
BARLEY— Continues quiet and featureless
at unchanged quotations.
Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright. 72% c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; brewing and shipping
glades, 77> / | : (cfS2%c; Chevalier. 55c@$l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Chicago Is reporting a very firm mar
ket, with an urgent local and moderate ship
ping demand. St. Louis reports the demand
for Texas unlimited.
The local market remains quiet and un
changed. Attention Is called to the proposed
movement in the Northwest Territory printed
in the first column. Grays, $1 lO^l 22%; whites,
$1 15@1 27%; Surprise. ?130@132%: black, $1@
1 20, and red. $1 05@l 17% per ctl for feed and
$1 20® 1 2o for seed.
CORN— The strength of the cash sltuati.on
was the dominant feature at Chicago. Coun
try offerings were small, and the demand for
Texas was reported unlimited. The shipping
demand was moderate. Bradstreet's gave the
exports tor the week at 445,000 bushels, against
5,236.000 for the same week last year.
The local market continues dull, all kinds
ranging irom $1 25 to $] 35 per ctl, according
to dryness.
RYE— 7S@76Uc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 2"©
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 lS'ffS 25;
Oregon, $2 r,o^2 75 per barrel for family an.l
$2 70(g3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75.
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2, 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $1; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4{i4 2J; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, ii 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 Ss<gS 35;
In sacks. Jti 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds.
. j Hay and Feedstuff s.
In spite of the moderate receipts Hay con
tinues sort, though prices show little change.
Keedstuffs continue weak.
BRAN— SI 6 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 sC<§2o.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16(^17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@25; Jobbing, $28 50
(029; Cocoanut Cake. (20921; Corn Meal. $31 50
©32; Cracked Corn. 132C' 32 SO: Mixed Feed. $16
«Jl7.
HAY— Wheat. $9<Sfll: fancy. $11 50® 12; Wheat
and Oat. $S@11; Oat, $7@10; Barley and Oat,
$7@9: Alfalfa. $S@9 50; Clover. $6'#7; Volun
teer, $5 50i@S; Stock. $s<§7 per ton.
STRA\V-30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue steady, and Pinks, Bayos
and Whites are quoted somewhat higher. Re
ceipts were larger again, being 10.501 sacks.
BEANS— Bayos. 52 40<j?2 55; Small White,
$3 20@3 35; Large White, t2<S3 15; Pea, $3 50@4;
Pink, il 90112 15; Red. $2 75<53; Blackeye. $3 50
(03 (15; Limas, $4 50@4 75; Red Kidneys, ti 75@
4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, ?2 65@3 25; Canary,
'A'/iQ 3V*c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, S%o;
Rape. l'i@l%c: Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS-Niles. $1 yo@2; Green, $1 75
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are no higher, and some dealers
say that they are not likely to be at present,
as stocks are accumulating. The shipping
demand for the West and Southwest has been
shut off by the high prices prevailing here.
Other dealers see no cause to expect any ma
terial decline. It appears to be a matter of
guess all around. Onions rule steady at the
comparatively high prices. Receipts of Po
tatoes were large, being 76H2 sacks, while those
of Onions were only 107 sacks.
There Is little new in Vegetables. Egg Plant
and Green Peppers are plentiful and slow, and
Green Okra is overgrown and not wanted.
Lima Beans continue scarce. Mushrooms are
on the market.
POTATOES— 9Oc@SI 10 for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60; Oregon
Burbanks, $1 23@1 50; River Reds, $1 35@1 40;
Sweets, 35@40c tor Rivera and &o@7ic for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— SI 50@2 per ctl; Oregons, $2; Pickle
Onions, 75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2@2V 2 c; Los An
geles do, 3<gsc; String Beans. lVi@3Vic; Los An
geles do, 6c; Limas, 3@4c; Cabbage, 40*i30c
per ctl: Tomatoes, from Alameda, 20(f_?50c;
Dried Peppers, 10@15c; Green Okra, per
box; Currots, 25@35c per sack; Cucumbers, GO®
86c; Pickles, 2V&@3c per lb for small and V§
IViC for large; Garlic. lVi@2^c; Green Peppers,
35@50c per box for Chile and 35@50c for Bell;
Egg Plant. 35@50c per box; Summer Squash,
$l<yi 25: Marrowfat Squash, $B@lo per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $S@10: Mushrooms, 7@l3c per
lb.
Poultry and' Game.
The Poultry market continues weak on ac
count of the heavy receipts from the East this
week, and stocks of local fowl are also liberal.
Turkeys meet with the best Inquiry and are
steady.
Game was In good demand at a Blight ad
vance. Arrivals were 100 sacks.
Wild Pigeons sold at $I@l 20 per dozen.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 14@17c; Live
Turkeys. 13V&@14c for Gobblers and 14:515 c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 MiJJI 73; Goslings
$1 169%; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4^5 for
young; Hens. J4@4 50: young Roosters. $4 50(g5
old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers.
$3 50@4 for large and $3@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 2,">@l 50 per dozen for old and $1 50@2 for
Squabs.
GAME — Doves per dozen. $1; Hare. $1 25;
Rabbits, Jl 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush-
Mallard, $4® 4 50: Canvasback. $3@5; Sprig. $3-
Teal, J2@2 25; Widgeon. $1 75@2; Small Ducks,
$1 75; Black Jacks, Jl 50; English Snipe, J2;
.Tuck Snipe. $150; Gray Geese. QffSM; White
Geese, $1 25@1 50; Brant, Jl 50@2 per dozen;
Honkers, $3.
B utter, Cheese and Eggs.
The tendency in Butter continue* downward,
aud the market Is soft and liberally stocked.
The rains and growing feed tend to weaken the
market, independently of any Increase in sup
plies.
Ranch Eggs continue scarce and firm, though
no further advance is reported. The other
grades are steady.
Cheese Is firm at a slight advance.
Receipts were 19,200 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 456 cases of Eggs.
cases of Eastern Eggs, 9200 pounds of Cal
ifornia Cheese and 15,000 pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 23@28c per lb for fancy
and 21(g23c for seconds: dairy. 17%@22%c; store
Butter, 15@17c per lb: Creamery Tub. 21@22%c;
Pickled Roll. 19(g20c; Keg. 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 12@13c; Old, ll%c; Young
America, 13'nc per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 43<§45c for selected large, 40®
42Hc for good to choice and 37%'339c tor fair:
store, 30c per dozen; cold storage, 20@27%c;
Eastern. 19@27%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There ar» more Cranberries on the market,
but the firmness continues, as holders say that
they will all be needed next week.
Grapes came in slenderly again and showed
the effects of the rain, being wet and soft. The
best sold for shipment by the Victoria steamer.
Verdels are meeting with the best sale, owing
to their keeping qualities. Large boxes of
Grapes from Martinez sold at $I@l 40 per box.
Muscats are about done for the season.
Only six boxes of Huckleberries came in.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes showed little
change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI 50(gl 75 per box for extra, 75c®
$1 25 for good to choice and 35«65c for ordinary,
Lady Apples, $I@l 75; Siskiyoii Apples, $I®2.
POMEGRANATES— 7Sc@SI per box.
PEARS— Winter kinds, $l(gl 75 per box.
QUINCES— 25®50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 7Sc@SI per box.
STRAWBERRIES— SS@II per chest for Long
worths and J2@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— ?6ig 8 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— J4 2'ofii per chest.
LOGAN HERRIES— Nnne in.
HUCKLEBERRIES— IO@ISc per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. $10 2otf 11 P«r bar
rel; Coos Bay. $3 per box.
FlGS— Black. 75c per box.
GRAPES— Verdels. 65c@$l per box and crate:
Tokay. 40c@$l: Muscat, 90e@$l; Black, 35@90c;
Cornichons. 40<390c
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50<g:i 75
for standards. $1 75@2 25 for choice and $2 25®
275 for fancy; Seedlings, $I@l 75. Tangerines,
$r«?l 25; Japanese Mandarins. $I@l 25: Lemons,
$I@l 50 for common and S2'Q2 50 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. $1 30^2 50; Mexican Limes.
$4<g4 50; Bananas, $1 75<?j3 per bunch for New
Orleans and $I@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3
@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions. Ap
ples are firm and pitted Plums scarce. Deal
ers are firm holders of Peaches. Pears and Apri
cts. though the demand is not active.
FRUlTS— Apricots, 7@S%c for Royals and B<3
13c for standard to fancy , Mcorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6%@Sc; sun-dried. 33 I='S4%c;1 = 'S4%c;
Peaches. s'§7%c: Pears, 4<aSc; Plums, pitted, 4%
<g6c: unpltted. l®2c; Nectarines, 5@3%c for red
and 5%®6%c for white; Figs. 3@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's 5%@5%c; 40-50' 4%@5c; 50-60' s. 44 1 t a v
4%c; 60-70'e. 3%@4c; 70-80' 3%@3%c; SO-90"s. 2-14,
Qic: 90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box); Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $175; 4
crown. $1 60: London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 20. two-crown. $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 4%c: three
crown, 4%c; two-crown. 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%e; Thompson
Seedless. 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, S%c;
choice. 7%c: standard. 6%c; prime. d%c; un
bleached Sultanas, sc. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7%c; prime. 6%c. Fancy seeded, 6%c;
choice seeded. 5%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10<gllc: Walnuts. No. 1
softshelt. 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 13@14c for papershell, 10@
lie foj softshell and s@6c tor hardshell; Pea
nuts. *@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10®
l**c for light amber; water white extracted.
s®6c: light amber extracted. 4@sc; dark, 4c.
EESWAX-25@2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was steady to firm and reported
stocks slowly Increasing. This market was un
chanced.
CURED MEATS-Baeon. ll%c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13c for light,
14c for extra light and HUo tor sugar-cured.
Eastern sucar-cured Ham?. 12c: California
Hams, 12% c; Mess Beef. $10^10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess. $11-311 50; Family. $12512 50; prime
Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $22 50(ff23; Mess,
}1S 50@19; Smoked Beef, l:J';(ffi4c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at Sc per lb for
compound and 10% c for pure, half-barrels,
pure 10% c; 10-lb tins. HUe; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-11. tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10% c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9Tfcc; two tierces,
S%o; flve tierces. 9>^c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about l'^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; llgrht. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9%e for heavy and ;»c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veat. 10c;
Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides, 17c; Culls, 15c;
Dry Kip. Be: Dry <'alr\ U#l9c; CuiU and
Brands. ISQICc; sheepskins, shearlings. lSigSOc
each; short Wo :. I' <)t>Oc each; medium. 50<8»
75c; long Wool, Socf?sl 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 50t?2 75 for large and f2tj2 25 for me
dium. $1 7.1 for small and 50c for Colts- Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, Jl Cs@l 50 for me
dium. $1 '-.'' for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins-i-umn'.er or red skins, Xc; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth,
50c: medium. 3."c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6%c: No. 1 rendered 53
! 6H« per lb: No. 2. 4®l'»c; grease. 3c.
WOOL-Spring. 1900 to 1901— Southern, defec
tive, 7 month*. 7?f?c; Oregon Valley fine. 13®
15c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, Il<gl3c; do fair to good 9&
lie; Nevada. 10<§12c.
Fall — San Joaquin. 6Ufg-.s%c: San Joaquin
Lambs'. 7%4f90; Middle County, StJlOc; North
ern Mountain, free. yfTiTlOc: do. defective, 8<S?o;
Humboldt and Mendocino, U'Sl2c per lb.
HOPS-9# 10c for fair and ll@l3c p;r )», ior
' good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is nothing new in the situation except
that packers are ebtaining Hogs at a slight de
cline. Offerings are more than ample.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and s@6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL- Large. 7@Sc; small, SigSc per lb.
MUTTON— \Veth»rs, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%@7c per
pound.
LAMB-S@SUo per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 230 lbs, 5%c;
under 150 lbs, ri'i'uj'jc; sows, 20 per cent off'
boars 30 per cent otT and stags 40 per cent off
from the above quotations; dressed Hogs 7%
@B%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make, %o less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@3oc, Fleece Twine. 7%@Bc; Fruit Eflfcs. 5%®
6'/ic for cotton and 7@7',-c for jute. *
COAL— Wellington. IS per ton; Southfleld Well
ington, $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 lb.s and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been five coal
deliveries from Washington, 19,220 tons; one
from LSittish Columbia, ".':k;U tons; one from Au
stralia, 3184 tons; one tram Swansea, 3000 tons
one from Oregon. 6KO tons; total, 28,364 tons. As
this is about equal to the average weekly quan
tity c-nr.sumed, the stocks now in yard will not
be disturbed. There Is a lively demand for do
mestic fuel occasioned by our late rainstorms,
which is keeping the coal teams in constant mo
tion. Prices remain stationary for steam
grades, which are in full supply and which can
not be advanced with oil as a competitor but
household coals command extreme rates, on ac
count of the winter demands and the light
stocks here. Freight rates for coals from Aus
tralia are declining, hence Colonial grades' are
quoted lower, but Cardiff and Swansea coals
have been advanced at points of shipment
readers could be induced to believe the wild
vagaries which are being dally chronicled in re
gard to the yearly output of fuel Oil they must
be characterized as gullible. Figures are scat
tered around indiscriminately, as though they
represented no values and the lives or prod
ucts of wells in Fresno and Kern counties were
like century plants. The products or »ome wells
are materially diminishing, and not yet over
three years old. That enough Is being pumped
to prove a lasting menace to the sale of coal
is already an established fact."
OlLS— Linseed is lower, taking effect to
day. California Castor Oil, in cases No 1.
70c: pure. $1 -il: Linseed Oil. in barrels' boiled
70c: raw, KSc; cases. 5c moro; Lucol ' 640 for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. Ssc- cases 90c'
China Nut. T.r.'&T^c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot'
in bnrrels. 70c; cases. 7."c; Sperm pure 65c'
Whale Oil. natural white, 40@45c"per gallon :
Fish Oil. barrels. 37% c; cases. 42% c; Cocoanut
OH. barrels. 63% c for Ceylon and sSy.c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OlL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk
13% c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral ' i> 0c- Star'
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c: Eocene tfc"
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c- in
cases. 21 Vie; Benzine, in bulk, \W In cases
JO'-c; 86-degree Gasoline, m bulk "Me- in cases'
M%C
TURPENTINE— SB'4c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels
SUGAR -The West.-m Suijar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 106-11) bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.30 c; Pow
AUCTION SALES
£s» fe fe
THE GREATEST
DISPERSAL SALE
OF
THOROUGHBRED
BROOD MARES
Ever Held In California Will Take Place
TUESDAY EVENING, Nov. 26, 190!,
N Commencing at S o'clock
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721. HOWARD ST.
This consignment consists of all the thorough-
breds owned by J. Naglee Burk. Esq.. and are
; without doubt the best bred ever offered at
1 auction on this coast. They are all stinted M
. the great Crescendo and Brio*j and are the
dams of such famous winners as Impromptu.^
Gusto. Crescendo. Bravura. Last Chance, Wn-^_
dome, Con Moto. Molly Bawn. Dura, Dolente. f
Lento, Intrada. Libitum, etc. so there is a -
rare opportunity to get the very best that
money could buy. Among them are famous
daughters of Flambeau. Wildidle. Flood. John
Happy, Three Cheers, Argyle, Hidalgo. St. Sa-
viour, Racine. Imp. Foul Shot, Tomahawk.
MacGregor. Joe Daniels. Fetterlock, Imp.
Kyrle Daly. Duke ot Norfolk, etc. I will also
¦ell the royally bred stallions and stake win-
ner Brloao and Drum Major. Every animal
must be sold. Positively no reserve.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Stock on exhibition Sunday.
£^ AUCTION SALE fe
At A O. MULLIGAN'S HAY and GRAIN
BARN, 530 SEVENTH ST., SATUR-
DAY, Nov. 23. at 11 a. m.
By order of A. O. Mulligan, who Is retiring
from business. I will sell 16 Horses, 3 Four-
Horse Hay Wagons. 10 Seta of Double Harness.
3 Buggies, Ropes, Hooks and tools of all kinds
used in the hay and grain business. This Is
the best lot of Horses ever offered at auction.
Mr. Mulligan spent lots of time and money se-
lecting his teams and was known to have the
best teams of any hay and grain dealer in tSa
city. Hones are now at the stable and can be
seen any time until day of sale. For further
particulars inquire of A. O. MULLIGAN or
JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock Auctioneer. Office-
27 Sixth st.
dered, 4.63 c; Candy Granulated. 4.85 c: Dry
Granulated, 4.55 c; Confectioners' A, 4.55 c; Fruit
Granulated, 4.55 c; Beet Granulated (ICO-lb basis
only), 4.455; Magnolia A, 4.15 c; Extra C.
Golden C, 3.95; D, 3.85 c; barrels, 10c n
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for leas than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos. half
barrels, 5.05 c; boxes, 5.30 c per !b. No orde:^"%
for Granulated wi 4l4 l be taken that consist . *
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce. •
FOR FRIDAY. NOVEMBER a
Flour, qr sks 24,143 Tallow, ctls 2H5
Wheat, ctls 3.84'! Quicksilver flsks 70
Barley, ctls 12.130 Wine, gals! 4»,0ii0
Corn, ctls L 343 Hides No
Rye. ctls 36n Leather, r0115.... 125
Potatoes, sks 8,416 Chicory bbls m
Onions, sks 107 Raisins cars l
Bran, sks 1.563 Raisins, bxs
Middltngs. sks... 1.335 Wool, bales
Alfalfa, sks 365 Beans 3ks %9&
Sugar, ctls 530 ; Brandy, gala 11, 400
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter Is rather cheaper than it has been, ow
ing to steadily Increasing supplies. There Is no
change in Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry continues In good supply, owing to
liberal receipts from the Western States. Game
sells about at former prices. There la noth
ing new in Meat or Fish.
Fruits and Vegetables remain about as be
fore.
Coal, per ton—
Cannei - * @13 OOfSouthfleld
Wellington .. mi no, Wellington $ ©11 (M
' eattl ° @S 50.' Coos 8ay.... 7 00
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice. 5q.50@55 Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good -540 dozen
Packed, per 1b....25«>- Eastern Eggs...' -Ifci
Cheese. Cal 15@17 HoLey Comb ncr
Cheese. Eastern... pound • ' loia^
Cheese. Swiss 20@i". Do .extracted."! &§ia
Common Eggs....— @33
Meats, per pound-
Bacon 14®13 Round Steak ....loa—
beef, choice 125a?1."> Sirloin Steak i>iH>—
Do. good lorgi— Tenderloin do..".";il<»—
Corned Beef 10®— Porterhouse do..l7v.'W"il
Ham 15@17 Smoked Beef 17®20
Lard -®>15 Pork, salt 10®*",
Mutton B@lo Pork Chops ... -0115
Lamb 10@12 Pork Sausages. ."i^ilS
Pork, fresh 15@-lVeal .7 l!®-
Poultry and Game —
Sens, each 50©75 Rabbits, each ....15@CO
l'oune Roosters, Hare, each _ «->i>
each SO©"" English Snlpe',"per
Old Roosters. ea..50@63 dozen $3 50©—
?ryers, each 50*®fxi Jack Snlpe...ji 7Sd— l
3rotlers, each — ©Gil Mallard, pair. $1 25^1 50
Turkeys, per M...1&922 Sprig, pr palr.7sc®sl 60
Ducks, each 7oc@sl Teal, per pair .50®60
Seese, each...sl 50@l 75 Widgeon, pr pair 50siSt>
Pigeons, pair..... 4*5:50 Smell tHick. pair MM
Squabs, per pair..— -350 Wild Geese. pr.7sc®»i >i)
Doves, per doz..— <Sl 25 3rant. each 25035
Fruits and Nuts-
Alligator Pears. | Grape Fruit. d 0*...« 3.)
each l>©3o Limes, doz — aio
Almonds 15@20 ! Logan Berries, per^
Apples 3@ 5 drawer ,350
Pecans — a 2O Lemons, doz.. *o*!it)
Brazil Nuts 20@- Pears, lb ...... B®rvi
Bananas, doz ....1d«25 Pineapples. each.. 40051)
Blackberries dwr.6o«— Pomegranates, da.SE»
Cranberries, qt....— ®U Persimmons, doz S*
Cocoanuts. each...— Quinces, per lb 3*3 »
Chestnuts, per lb.ls;Q2O | Raisins, per lb ' 5@15
Figs, per lb 20@— Raspberries. dwr.4o&>iJ
Grapes, per lb t><Ul') Strawberries, per
Huckleberries. „-,.' drawer 30@60
per 1b... 20®2a Walnuts, perlb...-@is
Vegetables-
Artichokes, d0a...40@«0 Leeks, doa bchs...i3®'>o
Beets, doz 10®— Okra. green, 1b...— «15
Beans, white, lb.. 6@— Green Peppers, lb sr«ji i
Colored, per lb.. a®- Potatoes, per lb. 2@'ii
Dried Lima. lb. . 6@ S Sweet Potatoes, lb 2® *
Green Lima, lb. 6/9 8 Parsnips, pr doz.. 10<a—
Cranberry Beans.. 6@— Radishes, dz bchs.ls@2o
Cabbage, each s@— Sage, doz bnchs..2s<a.w
Celery, heat. s@— String Beans, lb.. 6® 3
Cress, doz bnchs.. 3o; Summer Squash. - -—
Cucumbers/ d0z...10(»2<' per pound. .. 60 J
Egg Plant, 1b.... 6@ 3 Sprouts, per 1b.... *» i
Garlic 4©» 6 Spinach, per 1b... s@—
Green peas, — —©10, Thyme, doz bch3.25@30
Lettuce, per doz.. V.rri2fi Turnips, per doz.. 10<8)—
Mushrooms.. pr 1b.20@30 Tomatoes, per lb. . 4@ i
Onions, per 1b. ... 2'g) 3 -
Fish-
Carp — 31 Sea Bass IZW<9—
Cattish 10® — Smelts ...........12H©13
Codfish 12®!-'. Soles B@M>
Flounders .'... 3@lo Skates, each.. B®lo
Halibut 12%(fi!15 Squid — &—
Herring —... 8© — .Tomcod 12>*iai>
Mackerel 13®-- I Turbot 15«2S
Do. horse 10^— 'Trout 20@f5
Perch ~ *910' Brook Trout —(875
Pompino 40050 Whiteflsh 10©—
Rockcod 12%®1a Clams, gallon 50**—
Rockflsh 10@12V4 Do, hardshell. lb 8(&10
Salmon, fresh.. AZYziilJ Crawfish B<@lo
Do. smoked 15®25 Crabs, each 11 1 /^®!.".
Sardines 10@ Mussels, quart — # A
Shrimps < 3 10 Oysters. Cal. 100. .40050
Shad 10@— 1 Do. Eastern, dx.2s#W
Striped Bass 12V6@15
STOCK MARKET.
There was a further advance In Alaska Pack
ers' on the morning session of the Bond Ex
change, the stock selling up to $155 50. Sprinc:
Valley Water was al3O higher at J>"
Giant Powder sold at $84. Business waa duil.
There was nothing new in the oil stocks.
In the afternoon Giant Powder was higher
at $S4 73.
The lc assessment on Superior Oil Company
fell delinquent on the exchange yester ¦:
The San Joaquin Oil and Development Com
pany has declared its third dividend of 5c per
share, payable on the 2Sth.
The Pacific Borax Company will pay a divi
dend of $1 per share on the 30th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Nov. 22—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar c0up. .1124113 4s qr cp (new).i;:
4s quar reg — llS'.iin '3s quar coup.,loS% — »
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC a 5.107% - Oceanic SS 55.104 103
Cal-st 5s 117% — Omnibus c 85.129%133
C C Water ss.Hl — Pac Q Imp 4s. 95 99
Ed I. & P 69. — — Pk&CH Cs.lOS 112
Fer &Cl H Bs. — 122 Pk & O X 65.121 -
Gcary-st 55.... - 100 Powll-st R 6a.US 7 41"O v
H C & S 5%, - - Sac SG R ss. 944100>v>
Do os 90>4 — SF & SJV 55.123 Vi --A
Los Any R .-,3.117% — Sierra Cal 6s — — '
L A Light 65. 10n; — SP of Ariz 63
- Do gntd 6«. .100 — (MOD) 113% —
Do gnttl 35. .103 103% (1910) ... 114 —
Continued on Page Fifteen.NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF VERONA PARLOR PREPARE
TO HOLD THEIR FIRST CELEBRATION AND BALL
STORY IS FREED
FROM HIS WIFE
Court Grants Divorce to
a Much -Abused
Husband.
Peace in Sight for Rancher
f Who PatroDized Matri
monial Bureau.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-E. Nov. 22.-After two years
court, during which the plain
i with almost every
from battery to attempt to murder.
Se - vrr ry was to-day granted a
divo - Margaret J. Story on Ine
ground cf cruelty, by Judge Lorigan.
a well-to-do rancher near
¦ uight a wife three yeais
hicago marriage bureau.
.i'mate was soon found for him in
m widow, with a 1-i-
Btory had a married
not take her into Ills
¦ old man returm-d
wife and
:ule community of
•iunderstruck.
- ry found he had not
n the marriage
heart he
interest ii.
immeneed.
rid his
an engaged
red men and with tb,eir
- ry off the place.
c back she had him
f battery ano dis
re followed with ac
attempted mur
/ up his residence
ity.
•.i!= home to his son
- feet Mrs. Story fol
- n-in-iaw's
went to remove
• r in bed. She
days' old as a
¦ he officers
:. borrowed
mod. Mrs.
toss and leave.
The has been bitterly
ry. In ordering the
the court held that
ted to cruelty by his
r for the two to live
apart.
SKULL TO BE SHOWN
TO MONTANA GOVERNOR
Possibility That Examination of the
Ghastly Relic May Save a Con
demned Man's Life.
GREAT FALLS. Mont., Nov. 22.— The
Ekull of a murdered man showing the
fatal bullet wound is to be exhibited to
Governor Toole of this State and a plea
will be made for commutation of sentence
for the alleged murderer, who was sen
tenced July 27, lS9i.
iilton O. Koweil engaged in a quarrel
vith Thomas Roslnig- near Lewiston,
i^jnt.. over a water right. Next day
fiowell armed himself and later Rosling's
body was found. well fled, was cap
tured, tried, sentenced, reprieved and last
<veek was sentenced to hang December It
r.ext. Howell before the last sentence
asked that the body be exhumed, claim
ing it would show he did not shoot Ros-
Ung in the back from ambush- The court
Senied the request. Despite the law's
penalizing tampering with graves, How
ell's attorney went to the burial ground,
opened Rosling's grave, removed the
head, took it to Lewi=ton and boiled it
till the dried skin and flesh fell off. Then
frhen the skull was clean it was examined
e.r.a showed the builet had entered in
!ror.t over the right ¦ ye and made its exit
ta the rear near the base of the brain.
The skull was then carefully packed, and.
carrying It with him. the attorney to-day
left Lewiston for Helena, where the
rewsome packet will be exposed to the
Sov^rTior's *>v*»k
SCHOOLMASTERS FLOG
THE POLISH CHILDBED
Crutality by Prussians Because Pu
pils Refuse to ,Learn Prayers
in German.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— "Shocking accounts
;ave b^en received here." says a dispatch
!rc:n Cracow to the Daily Mai!, "of whole
sale flogging: cf Polish children by Prus
sian schoolmasters for refusing to learn
he catechism and prayers in German at
CVrzeEnia.
„, >uch general flogging nearly produced
< riot. The parents and relatives assern
51ed in front of the school and violently
lenounced the authorities. Many persons
*ere arrested on the charge of insulting
Government officials snd sentenced to Im
prisonment for periods ranging from a
r.onth to two years and to be put In
The Polish newspapers are indig
tant at thepe outrageous sentences."
ADVEHTISEMEKTS.
Palpi-
tation,
fluttering or irregular pulsa-
tions are an indication of weak-
ness of the nerves or muscles
of the heart. A weakness long
continued produces deformity
and organic disease. If your
bjprt action is weak, make it
strong. Build up the muscles
and strengthen the nerves with
the greatest of all heart reme-
dies, Dr. Miles' Heart Cure.
"The least exertion or excite-
ment caused my heart to throb
and pound and I had smothering
spells, pain and palpitation.
Three bottles of Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure overcame all these disturb-
ances and made me well."
Mbs. J. A. Couts,
Upper Sandusky, Ohio.
Dr. Miles'
Heart Cute
quiets the nervous heart, regu-
lates its pulsations and builds
up its strength as nothing else
can! Sold by druggists on a
guarantee. •'>
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkliart, Ind,
Nevis' Pavilion in Pleasanton Will Be the Scene Thanksgiving Eve of a Merry
Function That Will Mark the Beginning of Social Activity in the Little City.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS WHO ARE PREPARING FOR VERONA PARLOR'S INITIAL CELEBRATION.
PLEASANTON. Nov. 22.— Verona
Parlor No. 127. Native Daughters
of the Golden West, organized June
3. will hold its first public celebra
tion and ball on Thanksgiving eve,
November 27. at Nevis' Pavilion. The ap
proaching event has awakened a great
deal of interest among the ladies and their
friends, who look upon it as the begin
ning of activity in the social life of the
town that will reflect much credit upon
MEXICANS STEAL
SCHOONER SADIE
Throw Captain of San
Francisco Vessel Into
Dungeon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Nov. 22.— Captain A. W.
Hall, who is weil known among Sar.
Francisco seafaring n:;n, arrived to-day
on the British ship Pass of Melfort, and
will proceed immediately to Washington
D. C, where he wi!! ask the State De
partment to demand heavy damages from
Mexico. Captain Hall's- story of indig
nities received at the hands of Mexican
officials is one of thrilling interest.
Captain Hall was formerly master of
the San Francisco schooner Sadie. Early
in the year he sailed away from San
Francisco with a new among which
was a man who asptr'.ed that he knew
the location cf valuable pearl fisheries in
the Gulf of California. The schooner
made her way to the headwaters of the
g-ulf with ¦ ' and with every one
eagoriy looking forward tc the profit that
was to follow the vemjie.
On reaching the site of the alleged pearl
beds, Captain Hall found it would be
necessar\ to engage natives to do the
diving fcr him. :tnd accordingly proceeded
to a small settlement near the grulf. Tea
Mexicans were anything but friendly to
the visitors, and one night the entire
party was driven av.iy and the vessel
confiscated. Captain Hall and several of
the crew were thrown into a dungeon.
After two months' incarceration without
the privili-ge of communicating with his
friends in the States. Captain Hall suc
ceeded in breaking jail one night. tie
nrlraeu'.ouslv escaped t.»e fusillade of bUi
that the jzuaics Mat after him.
For more than 200 miles in that wild
country. Captain Hali traveled alone, fin
ally arriving at Santa Rosalia. He took
refuge on the British .-hip Falklandbank
The Mexican officials earned of his pres
ence and announced thc-ir intention of
taking him from tho vessel. The sailors
on the Falklamlbank were true blue,
however, and carried aboard information
of the projected raid. The Pass of Mel
fort was in the stream ifady for sea, an.l
during the night Captain Hall was trans
ferred aboard that vessel and made tne
voyage tc this port.
Captain Hall is convinced that he ha? a
just and legal claim for damages a?ainrt
the Mexican Government for depredations
on the part of subjects of that count r--.
He does rot know th-; late of the Sadie's
crew.
WOUXD-BE MURDEBEB,
TO GET OFT LIGHTLY
Frank Newman Will Be Tried Upon
a Charge of Simple
Robbery.
» SAN JOB, Nov. 22.— Frank Newman,
who shot and robbed M. C. Arps, mate
Of the Ffpamer Newport, near Guadaloupe
two weeks ago, has been charged with
robfcery before City Justice Cnbb. The
two men were out hunting together and
while on a lonely trail Newman fell be
hind Arps and shot him. After his vic
tim fell he Ftood over him and fired
again. He then relieved Arps of a watch
and money. Seeing that !ife was not ex
tinct, Newman was loading his shotgun
to finish his crime. Arpe managed to
get to his feet, and gaining his rifle shot
at Newman, who then fled.
Prosecution will be based on the
charge of robbery, because it is believed
there is a better chance for conviction.
Newman admits the shooting, but pleads
that he was drunk at the time.
Newman is held under $10,000 bonds.
Arps had so far recovered to-day as to
be able to come to town and swear to
the complaint.
Agents Arrive at Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE. Nov. 22.— The special train
carrying the passenger agents of the
principal railroads of the country arrived
in this cjty from the Pacific Coast at 4
p. m. to-day, eight hours behind schedule
time. The delay was due to the accident
at Boca, Cal., yesterday. The members of
the party who were injured in the wreck
are reported to be doing nicely and re
mained in their Pullmans while the bal
ance of the party left the train and were
entertained during their brief stay by lo
cal rsiiroad officials. The special left at
> p. m. for Glenwood Springs, Colo.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22— Tho following
Californians have arrived;
Ban Francisco— W. Baker, at the Hol
land; C H. Baumgartner, at the West
minster; J. Irvine and wife, at the Mur
ray Hill; H. H. Smith, W. Siewood, at
the Sinclair; H. F. Eutler. at the Nether
land: W. 11. Heger, at the Astor; C. A.
Hitchcock, at the Cosmopolitan; L.. J.
Holton, at the Earlington.
Los Angeles— C. Westlake. at the Union
Square; J. S. Conrojr. at the Manhattan.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— The follow
ing Californians have registered at the
hotels: New Willard— -Mif-s Ruth Hooper,
Pacific Grove; Raleigh— C. M. Mem, San
Fr&nciseo: St. Jamop— W. J. Fosgate,
Santa Clara; B. G. Morse, California; N.
E. Sanford, San Francisco.
MADRID, Nov. 22.— Senor Gamazo, the
former Minister of Finance, Is dead.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
the young organization.
The arrangements for the entertainment
are in the hands of some of the parlor's
prominent and active members. An ex
ecutive committee, composed of Mrs. E.
M. Hellar, Mrs. J. W. Downey, Mrs. J.
Coffaney, Mrs. Meda Vandervoort and
Mrs. J. Mello, have general charge of the
programme. They have been earnestly
putting forth their best efforts for the
success of the affair. Several hundred in
»..«.-»¦¦>-.»......... t t..t. .t.....t..t.. t ..._T..T..»..T..T..t..T..». J^
HUMOR REVIVES
RAIL PROJECT
Oregon Short Line May
Be Extended to San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Nov. 22.-The railroad
building in Northern California, present
and prospective, has led to the revival of
the plan to build that section of road
which will close a gap and give Califor
nia another connecting road with the
East. The scheme accomplishes what the
Oregon Midland, proposed but not built,
would have done. The Burlington was
behind the Midland proposition, and it is
believed Eastern railroad interests are
fostering the new plan that is being dis
cussed.
The great increase in lumber and cat
tle traffic is causing branches from the
main line to pu.sh on in several direc
tions. One of the latest projects is for
the extension of the branch from Mon
tague to Yreka. in the western portion of
Siskiyou County. Thomas B. Walker, the
lumber king, is expected to build a long
branch through the eastern Siskiyou tim
ber land.
Simultaneously comes the report of
prospective work that will have more
than local importance, in that it will sup
ply a link for a transcontinental system.
It is probable that one of the several Sis
kiyou County branches being extended to
ward the Oregon boundary in developing
Northern California and Southern Oregon
will form part of a trunk line down the
coast to Eureka, to join the old Donahue
road and reach San Francisco Bay at Ti
buron, while northward a connection will
be made in Eastern Oregon with the Ore
gon Short Line to Utah.
A natural and easy route for crossing
Siskiyou County from Shasta Valley
would be an extension of the Yreka Rail
road to Scott Valley, then over Salmon
Mountain to Salmon River, or down Scott
River to the Klamath, as may be deemed
upon survey to be the most practical way
to cross the level coast valleys direct to
Eureka, to which point the California
Northwestern or Donahue road is now
gradually extending.
A railroad from Eastern Oregon through
Siskiyou County to Eureka on the coast
would make connections for a short and
direct route to all Eastern Oregon, Wash
ington. Idaho, Montana and British Co
lumbia. It would form another' route to
Portland and Seattle and connect with all
the continental roads of the north toward
the Atlantic.
Archbishops Conclude the Session.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.-The annual
meeting of the Archbishops of the United
States, which has been in session at the
Catholic University for several days ad
journed to-day. Archbishop Keane of
Dubuque, secretary of the meeting, an
nounced that to-day's final session was
devoted to a consideration of the internal
affairs of the hierarchy and that the cate
chisms and the Lenten regulations were
the main subjects discussed, but that no
action of any importance was taken.
Depopulation Causes Alarm.
PARIS, Nov. 22.— The Senate to-day
made proposals, supported by the Pre
mier, M. Waldeck-Rous3eau, to appoint a
commission to study the action to be ta
ken in order to arrest the depopulation of
France.
Minneapolis for the Convention.
WINONA, Minn.., Nov. 22.— The execu
tive committee of the National Educa
tional Association has selected Minneapo
lis as the next convention city. The con
vention will be in session from July 7 to
Builders' Contracts.
George de Urlcste (owner) -with A. Caccia
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Blaisdell—
Removal of old building and all work except
trimming, hardware, gas fixtures and shades
for two three-story frame bullrings (flats) or.
lot on N line of Oak street, 82:6 E of Gough
E 27:6. N 120, TV 35, S 25, E 7:6, S 95 W A
141; $10,800.
Mrs. I. S. Eaton (widow) with TV. H. TVick
ersham (contractor), architects Newsom &
Newsom— All work for a three-story frame
dwelling on lot on E line of Hyde street, 1376
N of Jackson. N 72:6 by B 137:6; $6770.
Ba-w Glass (owner) with Ira W. Coburn (con
tractor), architect William Koenig— Foundation
brick work, lumber, carpenter and mill work,'
plastering, tinning, glass, glazing, rough hard
ware and electrical work for a three-story and
basement frame building (three flats) on lot
on E line of Stanyan street, 125 N of Frederick
E 131:3. N X, W 131:3, g 25; $6250.
Ivy Ostrom (owner) with Mager & Conrad
(contractors), architect Fred Burrage Wood-
All work for a 1%-story frame building on W
line of Steiner street, 57:6 S of Union S 27 ' C
by W 100. Western Addition 596; $3172.'
Herbert E. Law (owner) with M. F Gal-i
(contractor), architect F. H. Meyer— Commou
and pressed brick work, cementing, tile parti
tions, etc., for 8-etory Rialto office building on
S corner of Mission and Montgomery streets
south, SE 160. STY 95 :5, NW 80 SW 11-2 N\V
SO. NE 106:10; $26,650.
G. U Page (owner) with L. M. Zlmmermann
(contractor), architects Martens & CofTey—
Grading, excavating, concrete foundations,
concrete floors, sidewalk, etc., for a 5-story
frame hotel building on SW corner of Turk
and Leavenworth streets, S 87:6 by TV 37-6
$2718.
Same owner with A. H. Wilhelm
architects same— Carpenter, mill and stair
work, glazing, tinning and galvanized Iron
work and all hardware for same on same'
$12,873.
Same owner with William F. Wilson Com
pany (contractors), architect same— Gasfitting,
plumbing and draining for same on same; $4634.
vitations have been sent out and many
guests are expected to attend, not only
from the town, but from Livermore and
other parts of the valley.
The pavilion is now in the hands of the
decorators and will be made as attractive
as skillful and artistic hands can accom
plish. Each feature of the arrangements
has been given into willing workers'
hands. Among these who have aided the
executive committee in the preliminary
WANT BERKELEY
TO TEACH MUSIC
Walter Damrosch and
Dr. Wheeler Hope
for New Study.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22.— Dr. Alfred C.
Haddon, the English ethnologist, and Mr.
Walter Damrosch, the composer, spoktf
before the students of the University of
California this morning at the bi-weekly
meeting held in Harmon gymnasium. An
unusually largo crowd was in attendance,
as many visitors took advantage of the
meetin.e: to hear and see the two promi
nent men. President Wheeler presided
and introduced the speakers.
In presenting Mr. Damrosch, President
Wheeler said: "We ou^ht to have more
music here; we ought to have a depart
ment of music in the university."
Mr. Damrosch prefaced his remarks l>f
giving a humorous aescription of t.ho
knowledge California held of the average
New Yorker, who be'leves this State fo
be a place "where the haughty Spanish
don lives in proud seclusion, his daughter
occasionally flirting with an American
cowboy, who is a Hnrvard graduate."
Mr. Damrosch spoke particularly of mu
sic, saying:
"In this country, unfortunately, mu~ic
has been relegated to women alone. Tiie
old feeling that musio is effeminate has
not been overcome, bit I hope the time
will come when it will be studied by
every man as a daily necessity. Every
man should study some instrument — not
only the banjo. As the advance guard of
civilization its 'plunk plunk' is cheerfu'i,
but there are nobler instruments in the
i reach of all. To get perfect rest we
should have a change &f occupation, anri
there is nothing so restful to the lawyer,
the doctor or the merchant after office
hourp as to commune with this great art
of music.
• "You have here a great school of learn
ing, the foundation cf that happiness
which knowledge brings. I hope the day
is not far distant when California will
have a chair of music properly endowed
and this university become a center of
musical study. Why not have the gre»t
musicians come here as well as else
where?"
Dr. Haddon also gave an interesting
description of student life at Cambridge,
1 England.
DEATH'S LIST
MAY INCREASE
TELLURIDE, Colo., Nov. 22.— The work
of recovering- the bodies of the victims
of the disaster in the Smuggler-Union
mine progressed slowly until at 11 o'clock
to-day, sixty hours after the breaking out
of the fire at the mouth of the Bullion
tunnel, the last body was brought to the
surface, it was that of John Nevala and
was found in one of the stopes of tho
seventh level.
The death Hat now numbers twenty
five, the brave engineer who sacrificed
himself in an effort to rescue his com
rades having died this afternoon. He
never regained consciousness after being
taken from the mine, and was only kept
alive so long by the most arduous work
of the physicians in attendance. The re
vised list of dead is as follows:
August Kaauter, Finlander, family
living at Telluride; Charles Mackl, wif.3
living in Telluride; Tborwald Torkelson,
wife in Norway; William Merriweath^r,
wife and family at North Fork; John
Nevala. wife and family in Te'.luridt;
Alik Fillman, wife llvinjj in Telluride; Iva
Sundstrom, wife and family in Silvtr
Plume; Battisto Oberto, Antone Ausei,
John Rassori E!oi Bersago, Joseph Ber
sago, Emil Dahl, James Nelson, John
Able, Matt Stark, Alexander Barkley,
John Peterson, William Jones, William
Graham, Frank Zadra, Mark Zadra, Gus
Sundborg, Allen Herdrickson, Hugh J.
O'Neill.
Except those indicated all were single
men so far as is known. All in the mine
at the time of the fire are now accounted
for, and at noon th.; search for bodies
was practically abandoned. There is yet
a possibility that others may be found
in stopes not yet reached, but this is not
thought probable, for the day shift did
not have time to reach any distant stODet;
before the alarm of fire was given.
The exploration of the ninth level was
completed to-day, but no bodies were
found. The workings are not yet suffi
ciently free from eas to make it entirely
safe to explore all parts of them.
The responsibility for the disaster has
not yet been fixed and no one at Tellu
ride is being blamed. The Coroner has
held an inquest over the bodies at the
Morgue and several of them have been
sent to relatives in various parts of the
State. The citizens to-day completed ar
rangements to bury the others with hon
ors to-morrow afternoon. All places of
business will close at the request of the
Mayor. The services will be held in the
theater and all the ministers of the city
will take part.
It is said that the company will close
its mine for about thirty days, during
which time the workings which were
damaged to the extent of more than
J50.000 will be repaired and will then re
open with a force of between 700 and 1000
men.
affairs and who will have an active part
in the evening's success are Miss Annie
Wenig, Miss Florence Lyster, Miss Lizzie
Lyster and Miss Modena Hardin.
As a token of esteem and regard for her
efforts as the moving spirit in the parlor's
organization. Mrs. Julia W. Downey has
been selected as the floor directress and
leader of the ball. It was mainly through
her energy that the Verona Parlor was
forrred last summer. Not only were the
requisite thirty charter members secured,
DISPUTE GOES
TO ARBITRATORS
Trouble Among Great
Fair People to Be
Adjusted.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 22.-A final effort was
made to-day to adjust the dispute be
tween the World's Fair National Commis
eion and the Louisiana Purchase Exposi
tion Company as to which body should
have authority over foreign exhibitors,
but without result, and the matter will
now" go to arbitrators under the act of
Congress providing for the commission.
The board of arbitration will consist of
two members of the National Commission
and a like number from the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition Company. Should
they fail to come to an agreement a fifth
arbitrator will be appointed by the Secre
tary of the Treasury.
Rules and regulations adopted by the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition Compaiiy
for the government of exhibitors had been
presented to the National Commission for
ratification. The National Commission
made some amendments which the local
company refused to accede to and thus
the matter stands. At the meeting of the
National Commission a statement was
authorized. It is in part as follows:
The mattgr in dispute between the Exposition
Company and the National Commission grows
out of a difference of opinion as to the con
struction of the act of Congress under which
thle commission was appointed and section 4
of the act. Section 4 provides for a board of
arbitration, to whom^all matters of difference
arising between the commission and company,
concerning the administration, management or
general supervision of the exposition, including
all matters of difference arising out of the
power given by the act to the company or to
the National Commission to modify or approve
any act of the other of the two bodies, shalj
be referred for determination. The decision of
this board shall be final in all matters present
ed to it for consideration and determination,
so the act provides.
The commission, under claim, of authority
drawn from the provisions of the act generally
and especially from the (section quoted, made
a modification of the rules reading as follows:
"Should disagreement arise from the Expo
sitior Company and the representative of any
government, state, territory or district, such
representative shall have the privilege under
such rules of procedure as the National Com
mission may from time to time promulgate of
referring the matter in disagreement between
such representatives and the company to the
National Commission for conslder^lon and ad
justment with the company." f
To this modification the company excepted.
The commission insisted upon the modificatlpn
and hence the subject in disagreement goes to
arbitration under the act.
Ex-Senator John M. Thurston of Ne
braska and ex-Congressman John M. Al
len of Mississippi have been appointed
members of the board of arbitration on
behalf of the National Commission. The
names of the local members have not
yet been made public.
Demand Coin of Kerr.
FRESNO, Nov. 22.— A formal demand
was made of County Recorder James M.
Kerr by the Board of Supervisors this
afternoon for $1000, the remainder of the
shortage of $1300 shown by the Record
er's books. Attorney Welch, acting for
Kerr, said to the board that he had the
$1000 in his possession, but requested an
extension of time to enable him to in
vestigate the law relating to the reten
tion of miners' fees by County Clerks be
fore complying with the board's demand.
He was granted an extension until to
morrow morning.
Money Needed for a Legation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— There is no
danger that the United States Legation
at Peking will be evicted by the Koreans.
Already the United States Government
possesses a considerable plat of ground
in Peking in the general legation com
pound. This is partly inclosed. The fund
of $40,000 appropriated by Congress for the
acquirement of a permanent legation
building will, be ready by the time our
lease expires on the present quarters.
Tragic Marnier of Suicide.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22.-John Wil
liams, an old printer, sick and despondent,
threw himself in front of a moving train
in the Southern Pacific Railroad yards to
day and was cut to pieces.
Towboat and Barge Sink.
PORTLAND, Nov. 22.— The river tow
boat Kehani, with the barge Lincoln in
tow, collided with the drawbridge across
Lewis River near its mouth to-day and
both boat and barge sank. It is believed
they can be raised.
Jumps From Car and Is Hurt.
OAKLAND, Nov. 22.— Concussion of the
brain and a possible fracture of the skull
resulted to-night to A. Lundgren, a black
smith from Towle, who jumped off a Hay
wards electric car while it was under full
headway. Lundgren had been visiting
friends at Elmhurst. He thought he
boarded the wrong car and without wait
ing for a stop leaped from the platform.
Lundgren was unconscious when he was
picked up. The Receiving Hospital sur
geons think he will recover.
Death of Grand Army Man.
OAKLAND, Nov. 22.— John G. Millar,
well known here for the past twenty-five
years, died this morning at his late resi
dence, 1318 Tenth street. Deceased was in
business as a searcher of records and was
prominent in Grand Army affairs. He was
5 years of age and leaves a wife and two
grown-up sons.
but there has been a steady growth in the
roll until the organization has reached a
flourishing condition. The ladies have se
cured a very elaborate ritual and lodge
equipment. Their regalia, banners and
magnificent silken flag are very artistic.
The members pride themselves upon the
fact that this is their t-Uertainment ex
clusively and that they have called upon
none of their gentlemen friends or rela
tives for assistance. The young ladies de
clare they want Verona Parlor alone to
have the glory of their efforts.
INDIANS NEED
BETTER HOMES
Commissioner Jones Sug
gests Solution of a
Problem.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— A policy
which, it is contended, will settle the en
tire Indian question within a generation,
is announced by Commissioner of Indian
Affairs William Jones in his annual re
port, made public to-day. His plan is to
give the Indian an opportunity for self
support, the same protection of his per
son and property as is given others, throw
him on his own resources and to enforce
on him the realization of the dignity of
labor and the importance of building and
maintaining a home for himself. Jones
says that at the outset the Indian must
have aid and instruction, and necessaries
doubtless will have to be furnished him
until his labor becomes productive. Until
the Indian has become a part of the com
munity in which he lives, day schbols, the
Commissioner says, should be established
at convenient places, where the Indian
may learn enough for ordinary business
transactions.
The key to the whole situation, the
Commissioner suggests, is the home. The
larger and more powerful tribes, he adds,
are located in an arid region, on unpro
ductive reservations, often in a rigorous
climate, where there is no chance to
mafce even a living. In these cases some
thing should be done quickly toward
placing such Indians in a position where
they can support themselves.
Commissioner Jones says the cutting off
of rations from all Indians except those
who are incapacitated from earning sup
port, has had very gratifying results, and
if folowed up, will ultimately lead to the
abolition of the reservation and the ab
sorption of the Indian into our body poli
tic. He makes the statement that the
present Indian educational system, taken
as a whole, is not calculated to produce
the results that were anticipated so hope
fully, and may be added to the obstacles
to independence and self-support, under
which class Jones had placed in
discriminate issue of rations, pe
riodical distribution of large sums
of money and the general leasing
of allotments. In the last thirty-three
years, the report says, over $240,000,000
has been spent on an Indian population
not exceeding 180,000. Notwithstanding
this the Indian is still on his reservation,
being fed; money is still being paid him.
he is still dependent on the Government
for existence, and he is "little, if any,
nearer the goal of independence than he
was thirty years ago, and if the present
policy is continued he could get little if
any nearer in thirty years to come."'
Well-Known Business Man Dies.
OAKLAND, Nov. 22.— Seth Clisby. a
well-known warehouseman, doing busi
ness in San Francisco, died this morning
at hl*3 late residence, 1045 Fourteenth
street. He will be buried at 2 o'clock Sun
day afternoon from the residence of his
daughter. Mrs. Charles F. Allardt, 111?
Linden street.
Deceased came to Oakland over thirty
years ago and was highly respected In the
community. He was a native of Nan
tucket, Mass., and 63 years of age.
He leaves a wife, a son, S. W. Clisby,
and a datlghter, the wife of Charles F.
Allardt. The funeral will be private.
His Sanity Questioned.
OAKLAND, Nov. 22.— August Broedlow,
a tailor, residing at 536 Sixteenth street,
was to-day taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal to await examination as to his sanity.
He was arrested at the instance of his
wffe and daughter, who claim that he
threatened to kill them.
n = Fels-Naptha m mm
in
A mechanic gets the best |
tools wherewith to work. j
Why shouldn't a woman?
The best household tool
known is Fels-Naptha soap.
With it the drudgery of *
clothes-washing and house-
cleaning is not half as much
' as usual, because there's no
boiling.
If upon thorough trial of I
: Fels-Naptha soap you don't !
find this true, your grocer will
promptly refund your money. !
We authorize him to do so.
. . . Pels ft Co. Gray. Lang & Stroh
Philadelphia (Inc.). San Francisco. [[
BERNARD CLAIMS
HE IS PENNILESS
Too Poor to Pay Ali
mony for Support of
His Minor Child.
Club Dues and Clothes Are
All Furnished by His
Second Wife.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 22.
Upon the plea that he is absolutely pen
niless, O. A. Bernard, a San Francisco
clubman and society devotee, was purged
to-day of contempt for failing to pay $25
quarterly to Lily M. Bernard, his former
wife, for the support of their minor child.
Judge Ellsworth, before whom the matter
was heard, was forced to issue an order
vacating the citation after listening to the
defendant's story of impecunioaity. though
exrressing his regret that circumstances
willed not otherwise.
It is fourteen years since the Bernard*
were divorced by the Alameda County
courts. Mrs. Bernard secured a decree on
her showing of desertion by the defend
ant. Two months af ter ,the divorce whs
granted the child, who is the instigation
of the present controversy, was born.
Later the mother secured an order of
the court directing that Bernard be com
pelled to pay her $25 every three months
for the support of the child.
Bernard paid the installments of ali
rcony regularly for twelve years, until
April, 1899, when he suddenly refused to
remit any more money and has since
failed to comply with the order of the
court. Mrs. Bernard sued for a citation
in May last, when the payments had
lapted so that the total amount owing
was $250, asking that Bernard be com
pelled to appear in court and give rea
sons for his delinquencies, the document
having been made returnable to-day.
Bernard Files Affidavit.
In answer to the citation Bernard fllerl
an affidavit previous to the taking of testi
mony to-day, in which he says that he had
paid the alimony stipend for twelve years
out of his separate .property up to June,
1597, since which time the property has
become exhausted and he is rendered un
able to comply with the order of the
court. In a previous affidavit Bernard
said that his child, having attained the
ago of 14 years and is hence able to earn
a living, he is entitled to a portion of his
earnings, but that he expressly waives
them in favor of his former wife.
When the case was called this morning
Bernard was not in the courtroom. Judge
Ellsworth inquired for him. and Attorney
McPike informed the court that it was
unnecessary for him to appear. Attorney
Ames, for the plaintiff, however, differed
from Attorney McPike's contentions, and
after a little skirmishing Bernard was
ushered into the courtroom from the li
brary, where he had been in waiting.
Replying to questions from Attorney
McPike. Bernarc said ttat he was abso
lutely penniless — that the only collateral
he had !n the world was the ferry ticket
that wou'd carry him back to San Fran
Cisco, xurnisherl by his second wife.
"Where did you gee the money to buy
the ferry ticket with." asked Attorney
Ames, for Mrs. Bernari.
"My wife gave me tl;_> money."
"Does your wife give you money to bay ¦
things with?"
"Yes; all I get I receive from her."
"Have you any occi:pa:ion? "
Manages Wife's Affairs.
"I nianage my wife's affairs and ah«
pays all my expenses."
"Pays your dues in the Bohemian
Club?"
"Yes."
"Haven't you a watc'i?"
"No, I haven't any watch or jewelry
of any kind."
"Who pays for your ;neals and carfare
when you are managing your wife's af
fairs?"
"My wife."
"Buys your clothing?"
"Yes; all of it."
"Why don't you pay for the support of
your child?"
"Well. I got tired of doing that: I sup
ported it for twelve years and I don't
see why I should keep on doing so. I
haven't" seen the chiH but once or twic«
since it was born. When I used to call
to see him Mrs. Bernard's people used
to discourage and treat me so coldly that
I didn't go to see him any more. If as
has any love for hlr. father he 3hould
call on him. He's no more to me no*
than any child I see on the street, and
I wouldn't recognize hhn if T sa.w him."
As all of Bernard's answers tended to
show that he is without means of h!»
own. Judge Ellsworth admitted when tie
matter was submitted that he could uo
nothing but dismiss the citation, and he so
ordered.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 22.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Joseph Furtado,
aged 26 years, and Mamiae V. Diers. 18.
both of Oakland; James Foster. 23. and
Mary V. Furtado. 22, both of Oakland;
Julius Levy, 73. and Rosa Shapira. 64. both
of Oakland; Robert L. Sherman. 24. and
Anna B. Cannon, 21, both of Oakland.
Appraisers for Mrs. Bu!%r's Estate.
OAKLAND. Nov. 22. — Application was
made to-day by Attorney George T.
Wright for the appointment of appraisers
to ascertain the value of the estate of
Mrs. Mary Yarde-Buller. who is an in
competent. Judge Ogrden granted the re
quest and named H. F. Potter, E. K. Tay
lor and Welles Whittmore to perform the
office. The estate consists of silverware.
Jewelry, securities and realty.
No Further Polic« Reduction.
OAKLAND, Nov. 22. — Councilman
Courtney has tabled his ordinance to re
duce the police force by three men. Mayor
Barstow's announcement that he would
veto the ordinance led to that action.
1314
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 1* o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
659 McAllister Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
. £15 rkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IK4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. ,
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m.
¦ Northwest corner Twentv-seeond ¦ and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
C2«O Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORN No. 6, R. A. M.. m
will meet THIS .SATURDAY) AFTER- ~£%-.
NOON, November 23 at - o'clock. R. J%J\
A. degree. By order of the H. P. /^r »
* FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., . m
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- _J^_
ING. November 23 at 7:30 o'clock. R. 7t_K
A. degree. By order of the H. P. f^r \
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Ledge No. 120. F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting THIS (SATUR- Jk^
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third TCzf
degree. Master Masons cordially In- f^r
vited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. m
M. — Funeral notice: Officers and mem- ff\ r
bers are requested to meet at Masonic jtjt
I Temple SUNDAY, the Mth inst.. at 9 ~"^
a. m.. for the purpose of conducting funeral
ceremonies of Brother GEO. L. PIERCE, for-
merly a member of Fidelity Lodge. By or-
der of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 129. F. and A. ft
Third degree THIS EVENING, No- J^
vember 23 at 7 o'clock. Hy order of >Sl3\
the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. /Vi
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. i~
Special meeting SUNDAY. Novem- .
ber 24. at 9:30 a. m., for the purpose 7__Pf
of conducting the funeral services of f*w*
our late brother. PETER DEVENY. By or-
der of the W. M. H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
THE officers and members of Golden W# :
Gate Chapter No. 1, O. E. S.. are here- _SsV
by notified to attend the funeral of our v
late sister. SARAH CALLAGHAN. at w
Bunker & Luni's undertaking parlors, 2666
Mission St., SUNDAY. Nov. 24, at 1:30 p. m. I
By order of W. M. M. A. HAWLEY, Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1. rv _9
1. O. O. F.— Regular meeting THIS "v*
(SATURDAY) EVENING. Amend- yV
ment to by-laws and election of ot-S X
fleers. W. P. HUMPHREYS, C. P.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. «<__»_*
2. I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting 4?y_SXi
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Third decree. < S %/H« t '~-
WM. B. CURTIS. D. M.
FRANCO-AMERICAINE Lodge No. «sS_SK_4~~
207. I. O. O. F.— Officers and mem- •__?553__
hers: You are hereby notified to Tssgßß£sr
assemble at your lodgeroom SUN- / w*"' I
DAY. Nov. 24. 1901, at 1:30 p. m., to attend 1
the funeral of our late brother, AUGUSTE !
V. FEVRE. By order of
LOUIS CARRAINE. N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU, Sec !
PAAUHAU SUGAR PLANTATION CO., office |
£27 Market st. San Francisco. Nov. 20, 1901:
Annual meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of the
comoany, 227 Market St., in the city and j
county of San Francisco, State of Califor- 1
nia, on SATURDAY, the 7th day of Decem- j
ber, 1901. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for \
the purpose of electing a board of directors |
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
purpose of amending paragraph I of article
XIII of the by-laws of the company relat-
ing to the annual meeting of stockholders,
and for such other business as may come be- j
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close i
on Nov. 26, 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m. By order
of the president.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. B. Swank m the Gold Run
mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras Covn-
ty. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mine: from D. Hartley & Co.. in the Roan-
oke mine, near Plscerville. El Dorado County,
to deposit tailings in White Rock Creek; from
William McDonald, in the Dardanelles and
Oro placer mine, near Forest Hill, Placer
County, to deposit tailings In Dardanelles
Canon, and from W. S. and C. A. Cooley,
In the Smith Bar mine, near Keep. Plumas ;
County, to deposit tailings in a worked-out '¦
pit, gives notice that a meeting will be held i
at room &9. Flood buildir.gr. San Francisco, |
Cal.. on December 2. 1901, at 1:30 p. m.
ACCOUNTANT AND AUDITOR.
EXPERT: highly recommended; six years Lon- i
don chartered accountant's experience; pri- j
vate investigations, balance sheets, intricate ;
accounts adjusted, stocks taken, professional !
men's accounts made up and rendered; all
branches of accountants' work. C. V. :
ROWE. 18 Montgomery st, room 2; phone I
Black SIKS. "
AGENTS WANTED.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
1067 Market st., room 1.
'- ' 1
ASI'HALTLM ROOFING.
1. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- !
paired; postal. 11&6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477. j
CITY ASPHALTUM CO., 632 Market St.— Roofs. i
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet. '
No charge without success; established 16 yrs. '
Open evenings by appointment; phone John 3181. i
G. W. HOWE, S>o Market st, cor. Stockton. j
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy; col- I
lections; attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; !
partnerships . deeds : wills awn, fete low; open I
eve's. THURSTON, 1008 % Mkt., r. 4. opp. Sth.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, 916 Market— business of all kinds i
eolicited; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
. W. DAVIDSON', 827 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- j
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees In advance. !
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange. '
GOOD eecond-h-nd bicycles for sale $3 up;
send for bargain list LEAVITT _ BILL, !
809 LfiTkln rt. . '
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
OTHER'S care and good home for two or
thre* children; low terms. ICO7 California st.
BOOKS — AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956. !
HOLMES BOOK CO. 704-706-708 Mission Et
- I
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedroc.
prto**. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard, i
[ BUSINESS CHANCES.
A RARE offer. A rare offer! A $5000 saloon in I
beet business location on Market Et; long
lease; rent only $2 50 per day; elegant fix- j
tures and business clearing above $300 month.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— ssoo; SALOON, few doors from Market st.;
rent $20; a place taking in from $15 to $20 per ]
day; good fixtures; National cash register j
and clearing at least $100 per month. K. G.
WILKE. 2fiV4 Kearny st.
A— S2OOO; SALOON; choicest location on water
front; rent $40; place doing a rushing and
• good paying business; value in eight; partners
can't agree. R. G. WILKE, 26 Vi Kearny st.
&500; SALOON, with mercantile lunch; net
rent $50; place established for 30 years; in
best part of the wholesale district; owner
never cleared less than $400 per month. Par- I
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A— sl2oo; PARTNER wanted in one of the best
paying corner saloons of Oakland; place
clearing above $300 per month; owner engaged
otherwise; need trustworthy man. Call R.
G. WILKE. XVi Kearny st
A— $1000; BAKERY on Market 6t; low rent; 5
years' lease; 4 living rooms; baking 3 barrels
per day; most store trade; owner cleared $1500
the last .' months. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny et. ¦ i
A— We buy, a-^ll or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
A— $1000; PARTNER in first-class saloon re-
celpts $60(! month. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A— s4so: CIGAR Ftorf-. Kearny si.; clears . $100
month; full value. .STRAND, 309 Kearny st.
IF you want a partner or buy established
business we have them; see us first. 927
Market St., room 206.
150 GETS half Interest In good business; come
quick; no faXe. 927 Market- st. room 208.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION! '
Do you want to seiryour business or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
can Fell your business or secure a partner
quickly and without publicity; monty ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO
Rooms 3 and 4, 1104 Market st, cor. Mason.
A FINE opening for experienced man for half-
interest -In paying 6 day restaurant; trial
given to right man: no trlflers need apply
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st
A— DELICACY store in first-class running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
Al HOTEL and bar business, clearing J4OO mo.,
for $6000. K. D. SICKELS. 6 Geary st.
$350— PARTNER wanted in good business j'trade
established ; call and investigate; this is a
good chance. 93.". Market Ft., room 14.
$75— RESTAURANT among factories; $12; liv-
tug-rooms; will take partner. 1221 Market at.
DTJSINES S C^A^'CES-^onn- nej.^^
A— CIGAR stands, cigar stands, cigar stands.
A profitable, well located cigar stand is a
nice business to own. 1 investigate stands
closely before offering them for sale. Have
tome choice locations this week. Kindly call
. before purchasing. -I will treat you on the
square and cave you money. C. L. HEDGES,
4CI-462 Parrott building.
RESTAURANT. $135; rent $10; a bargain. Ma-
BRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st
STATIONERY and notion; $200: worth $400;
must sell: proprietor died. McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market at. - '
$350— NICE cigar store on O'Farrell St.; worth
$500; a good chance. McBRIDE & CO., 765
Market St. _^_
WANTED— to Invest few hundred in
richest gold mine ever found; fortune In
eight; every dollar Invested guaranteed;
shares not assessable; just about to organize.
Apply 130 Sixth st. *
GOOD downtown saloon for gale; a rare
chance; owner going East; no agents. Box
2386. Call. I
: TO-DAY is your last opportunity to make a
fortune on $650 Investment Room 8, 1073%
! Market Et. _J
! PARTNER wanted with - $300; experience not
I necessary; office business. Decker, 921 Market
SALOON— location. Apply 644 Sacramen-
to St., room 3.
RESTAURANT for sale; a bargain; last day.
217 Sixth St.; make an offer.
WANTED — Restaurant man with . little money
to run a kitchen in a first-class place on
Market St.; place and trade established;
everything complete; owner otherwise en-
gaged. Inquire at Market and 7th; old Grotto.
$1250 — FINE saloon and lunchroom, 60 miles
from city; 6 trains and 2 steamboats daily;
„ cottage. 4 rooms, modern; most prominent
corner; 2 blocks from depot and boat landing;
rent $35; lease if desired; no agents. Call 206
Clay st., ' from 11 a. m. to 3 p. m.
RESTAURANT among factories; $12; llv-
ing-rooms; will take partner. 1221 Market,
upstairs.
SACRIFICE on account of sickness; bakery,
stationery, candies, tobaccos; opposite school
! and station. 2047 Railroad aye., Alameda.
; FOR SALE— good planing mill in a lumber
yard; located In a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal.
! COAL and wood yard for sale. Apply 629
Haleht st.
j FIRST-CLASS saloon, with grocery, on ac-.
count of death. Inquire 1637 Folsom st.
FASHIONABLE ladles' halrdressing parloia
j & store; fine location. Box 2354, Call. Oakland
SODA fountain cheap; Keystone make; 13 fau-
cets. 120 Battery, st.
FOR sale— A first-class hotel at Watsonville.
Address R. P. QUINN. Watsonville.
GROCERY store and bakery- Inquire at Fifth-
st. station, Alameda.
i SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
11 East st., north of Market.
CHOP and oyster house for sale. 624 Pacific st.
FOR RENT— I% acres poultry ranch; $7 a
month. Inquire 559 Third St., San Francisco.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
| received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1096
Valencia st.
- i
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS— CLEARS $250 EVERY MONTH;
don't miss this bargain. DECKER. 1020 Mkt.
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
24 rooms; the best $2000
12 ms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350 1
l'j-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900 !
16 rooms: transient; only $400 cash 750 I
100 rooms; clears $330; payments to suit.. 5500 j
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall i 350 1
15 rooms; on Sixth st. ; clears $S0 800 ]
21 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $150 1600 '
10-rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500 j
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 736.
$1600— ONLY $700 cash, bal. easy payments; best i
transient house In city. H. C. DECKER, 1020
Market st.
A— A CLEAR TITLE GUARANTEED
AT RETSLOFF"S OFFICE
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
8 rooms; well furnished $400
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $85 500
S3 rooms; grand transient location 2200
23 ms; good location: clears $150........ 1200
16 rooms; corner; i>art cash 1000 I
: 28 rooms; clears $60; payments 400 i
I*9 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5500 i
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250 j
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
15 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker.... 750 .
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531 i
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
40 ROOMS; sunny and every room rented: good
location: clears $200; $2550. RETSLOFF.
15 ROOMS; just listed; clears $70; best In the
city; $1200; payments. RETSLOFF.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
24 r. ; rent $65; good house and loc; only. slloo 1
24 r. ; Geary ; fine inccme 1900 '
IS r. ; rent $55; clears $60; good location.. SOU ]
15 r. ; rent $80; NE. cor.: new cleg. furn.. 1500 |
17 r. ; rent $65; Post; good house; pays well.
9 r. ; rent $45; good house; Sutter st 800 I
6 r. ; rent $35; modern flat; cleg.; reduced. 350 |
McERIDE & CO. have moved to 765 Market st. j
Some Bargains for To-day:
100-room house c $1400!
16-room house 900 '
12-room house 600
10-room house 700 j
14-roorr. boarding-house 1100
Great bargains in restaurants, saloons,
bakeries, candy, cigar stores, etc.
FOR sale — At Sacramento. Cal., a second-class i
hotel of CO rooms, reading-room, dining-room, j
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to '
steady lodgers; located on principal business ;
6treet; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business; j
rent reasonable. For further particulars In-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO., 325 J st.
Sacramento, Cal.
A— lo ROOMS; Ellis st. : rent $32 50; 0n1y.. 5300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only.. 725
12 rooms; Market st. ; rent $40; good house. 650
Many more bargains; get our list first.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market St.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and r rices. in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
30 r. ; BEAUTIFUL house: profit $130 $3150
4 r. ; rent $175; clears $200 month 2000 \
21 r. ; profit $70 month; bargain 1150
15 r. : profit $50; good location 1050
14 r. ; rent and water $27 50 400
COFFMAN & SHUBERT. 1007^ Market st.
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st, opp. Mason.
He can suit you In houses and prices.
A— $1100; HOUSE of 41 rooms; rent $75; place
clearing easily $175 per month. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at
$1200— 23 ROOMS; 13 housekeeping; always full;
fine location; no agents. Box 1946, Call office.
$1000— $600 CASH; 15 rooms, near Market st. ;
turn people away every night. 921 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market bt
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue., Frl., Sun., 8 p. m.. 50c. 1084 Bush St.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 OTarrell St.; Ellis car.
j A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St., satisfactory
I readings, 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
i MRS. HARLAND; returned; cir. Tues., Thurs.,
Fri., Sun.; 10c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; circle Sun., Tues.,
Fri., 7:30; Wed., ladies, 2:30; read, dally. 50c.
' MRS. JENNIE ROBINSON, medium, 5098 Lar-
j kin. nr. Turk; hours 11 to 4; phone Sutter 34L
BROCK WAY'S seance Sunday, Tuesday, Thurs-
day. 25c, 8:15 p. m. ; readings dally. 299 Hyde.
KATIE HEUSSMANN removed to 1774 15th, nr.
Guerrero; readings by mail; sittings dally.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
" clairvoyants.
ME. M. . BERNARD,'
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
, reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
1 happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
! love or business troubles, consult this . great
; medium and you will be told how to overcome
I them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
2Cc up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader,' born with double second sight:
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
PROF. WELLER, 1007% Market; clairvoyant,
scientific palmist and card-reader; special of-
fer for 10 days: $5 readings. $2; $2 for $1; $1 for
£0c- If you bring this ad you get this. offer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUIi, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
CLAIRVOYANTS— CoTitInn«»<I.
BROOKS, CLAIRVOYANT ¦ AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a
change in? business Are you ill, depressed or
uncertain? Why not seek the fullest knowl-
edge that will help you to succeed? Letters
. containing stamp answered; : BROOKS, 1206
: Market, rooms. 34 and £5. cor. Golden Gate.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket, St., cor. Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with Epecial terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. " pSYcmsT
- HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st ; readings by mall.
DAGMA, renowned and peerless clairvoyant; If
you are in trouble, unhappy or not satisfied
consult her, she can give you correct informa-
tion concerning your future and start you
on right path. 43 Van Ness. Ist floor., 10 to 9.
ME. ARNDT.the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c & up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth St.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE. 326 A Ellis st., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly; gives
names, dates, facts, tells everything; read-
ings, 50c, $1; hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. , 132 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
MRS. BROWN, . clairvoyant, card reader; la-
¦ dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
PRINCESS TSHMAEL, wonderful astrologist;
tribe Alohobar. 100S& Mkt., 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
MRS. MALLOKY, 1 917 Howard st., clairvoyant
and spirit card reader; consult me. ¦
MRS. MELVILL, weII-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 €th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th st; tel.Capp 2542
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning - Works;
33 Golden Gate aye.; v telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 3S-40 Stir st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
l painless 25c up). Dr. Brown, graduated chiropo-
dist, indorsed by medical prof'n. 304 Stockton.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor. 6 Eddy st. room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES. .
GEORGE W. K^LLT^~Agency^No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency,
rm. 85, 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Bush 194.
« COTTAGES TO LET.
A— SWELL, 6 rooms, modern. 2211 Webster
st, near Clay.
COTTAGE, three rooms; large Bunny yard;
water. Apply grocery, Jersey and Sanchez.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St.. Emma
Spreckels bldg. Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural |
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. -
I do first-class work only and guarantee it. ]
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or. fillings by my
wonderful secret, -painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. 1
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor. !
. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain- ;
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold 1
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 I
up; oflice hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.. S., manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years: crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless . and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction, I
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th. |
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— I
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. '
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin—
less ex traction, plat ps $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex- j
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
educational.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF~ELECTRiCAxT ENgT
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. _".;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
LEARN how to write short or continued sto-
ries; get an Idea of practical reporting and
correspondence; private instruction in all
branches of journalism thoroughly taught In
six months. For terms apply room 22, "The
I Gladstone," corner Polk and Eddy sts.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. , President Jordan or any
-Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
1 owing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
TO exchange— A scholarship In a leading busi-
ness college for board and room. Address
¦ N. COHN, 1282 Eddy St., City.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bid*. ; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of ¦ Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $CO. San Fran-
cisco Business College, ' 1236 Market, st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
- associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A— Miss Bolte's School, 2734 Pine Bt; , board";
Eng., French, German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
VITTORIO DINO, Italian teacher, gives les-
sons at pupil's home; price 50c. Box 1858, Call.
KENT Law School, day and night. 554 Parrott
building; send for catalogue.
BOUVIERE School of Acting, 26 O'Farrell st
room 30; positions guaranteed. ... ""
CHINATOWN sketching, oil . and water colors
lessons. E. W. CURRIER, studio 36 Geary.
PROF. C. Hoffman, tenor and voice builder;
Italian method ; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
FIGURES— Nothing like it for rapidity ; $5
TARR. ' 220 Parrott bldg., gives . particulars.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
day and even, classes ; send for new . circular.
ENGLISH. Latin. ' Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th
- Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
EDUCATIONAL— Continued. - ¦
VAUDEVILLE "school of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the«,tage. 125 Mason st. • -'
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st
HEALD' B Business College. 24 Post st., S. F.;
founded ISS3; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
' 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.:' *
JAPANESE reliable housed eanlng; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Klnochlta, 783 Halght; tel. Fell 5046;
: br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
¦ cooks, waiters I and ' house • servants. -ri GEO.
AOK.I & CO., 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411% O'FarreU'Bt.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. 81ack 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5182.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A LADY would like position as companion and
assist light housework; small wages and good
home preferred. Address by letter, 1024 Mis-
sion st. ••-.-¦
NURSE, teacher and good seamstress wants
position; loves children; short distance in
country erred. Address box 2360, Call
office, Oakland. ¦ .-'
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position In small
family. 330 Fremont st. -
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer..
Phone Pine 1198.
REFINED, thoroughly reliable woman wishes
a position as housekeeper or Infant's nurse;
reference. Box 1948. Call office.
POSITION wanted by German girl to do house-
work. 1421 Mission st. ' " *
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do sewing.
1079 Market st. . -¦ ¦
THOROUGHLY experienced cashier; also sten-
ographer; best references. Box 2381. Call.'
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2oo rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— A position by a thoroughly compe-
tent and reliable man, aged 38, as foreign cor-
respondent (Italian, French, German and
English, Al, also Spanish), or as manager
in a banking, shipping or general export and
import business; London, colonial and U. S.
experience; highest references: salary not
less than $150. Address box 2372, Call office.
A YOUNG man of good habits wants work of
any kind or would work in wholesale house
or machine shop; has had 10 years', experi-
ence in dried fruit; good reference. Box
2369, Call. ¦ ' '
OLD man wants to go as nurse for a consump-
tive; can give a receipt that cured me of
consumption and piles. Address D. RODDEN,
box 2877, Call. "
COACHMAN— understands his busi-
ness; young man; good horseman; best of
references. Address J. 8., box 1942, Call.
WILLING man wants position as short-order
cook or do kitchen work of any kind. 783
.'Mission st. •
YOUNG man, aged 21, wishes position as a
coachman and can do a little gardening and
; • has good references. Box 2375, Call.
YOUNG man, 21, would like position around
private place in the city; good hostler. Box
2387. . Call office. '
BY ' a capable married man, correct habits, •
place where his abilities will be recognized.
Address box 2379, Call.
YOUNG man wants • work in a grocery store;
speaks German and Danish. Address M.
BAHNSEN, 507 Twentieth st.
BY young man in private family as coachman
i or gardener; has good references. Box 2367,
j Call. . - . '
AN experienced male stenographer wants posi-
i tion; no objection to country. Box 2378, Call.
AN all-around cook wants situation in pmall
country hotel. Box 2365, Call office.
EXPERIENCED engineer wants position as
engineer or fireman; country preferred; have
Eastern State license; experience 10 years.
Box 2084, Call office.
PRACTICAL furniture finisher wants Job in
city on old or new work; wages reasonable.
T. TAYLOR. 62 Second st.
GROOM, coachman (30); English and Ameri-
. can experience, wants engagement; not less
than $30 per month. Box 2359 Call, Oakland.
POSITION in country by competent carpenter
foreman. Box 1947, Call office.
A RESPECTABLE, middle-aged man wants
some kind of light work or to take care of an
invalid; good references. Address J. N., box
2087, Call office.
YOUNG man, good references, speaking and
writing English, French, Italian and Spanish,
desires to be employed. Call or write to AL-
BERT VORCHIO. 920 Montgomery st.
WANTED— A situation to tend bar by a young
German; responsible party; security given
'- if required. Apply 330 Main Bt.
A YOUNG man (German) wants situation as
butler; references at hand If wanted. 613
, Sansome st. tel. Bush 571. . •
JAPANESE nice boy wants a situation as
school boy or housework. M. H., 110 Golden
Gate aye. ' ' , .
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has. been established at 109ti
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
PA^Sll^lC^Coaisr^ulideTwTun^^
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and Industrial propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st. .-
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANTLY furnished new modern flat, seven
rooms, for sale. .Apply 415 Ellis st; no deal-
ers. •
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms & finished attic; fine
location, view & grounds. Northwest cor.
Waller and Portola pts., bet. Pierce & Stelner.
— SUNNY, cozy, 4 rooms, $11. 39 Julian aye.,
bet. 14th and 15th, Valencia and Mission sts.
FLAT to let and carpets for sale. Apply 1624
Ellis st. . ¦ ..•¦-•¦;¦
3 FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping; no
children; $10. 1682% Mission st. ¦
O'FARRELL, 1933 — Modern flat 6 sunny rooms,
bath, yard, basement; reas. to good tenant.
CHURCH, Elegant new modern sunny cor.
flat; 8 rooms, bath, basement; $40. ' ; :
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
¦ Call, IS pages, ! sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. - .
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
FURNISHED 4-room flat; piano; bath; yard;
$25; party leaving town. 1517 Golden Gate aye.
FLATS FOR v SALE— FURNISHED.
A BARGAIN— ¦ enforced ¦ departure, 1
. sunny nine-room upper flat, near Park Pan- _ !
handle, for rent; nearly new; furniture and :
carpets for salt*. ; Address "Immediate," room
810. 603 California st. . i
FLATS WANTED.
"WANTED— Handsomely furnished sunny flat of '
4 or 5 rooms; only. 2 In family; references ex-
¦ changed. • Address box 2361, Call. Oakland.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
Clyde L. Keller, 128-180 Hayes, nr. Van Ness—
Xmas novel oval and odd-shaped frames.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co, , 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all . kinds ¦of household • goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413. , /
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. | Red 1354.
A.' L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 : before selling furniture, car-
Pets.' pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES. .
D. _ P. new $1 glove, . retailed at factory price; •¦
.warranted;; kept in repair. 121 Grant ay«. |
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
1 LADIES' maids $25
3 parlor maids and waitresses $25
Housework, Oakland $30
French second girl $2)
5 second girls $20. $25
Cook; no wash $30
5 cooks, German style $30
5 hotel waitresses, city $20. $25
Head waitress, hotel $35
Waitress, Monterey County $23
Waitress, Sonora $25
Housework, San Luis Oblspo, see party to-
day $25
And a large number of girls for housework In
city and country at $20 and $25. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— A young woman as cook, plain
wash, for nice American family, near Santa
Clara, at $30. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
34 Sutter at.
TRAINED nurses to call and register their
names and residences for our trained nurse
department so that physicians can secure
nurses without delay. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st »
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone M 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, commercial hotel, $22 50, fare paid;
9 waitresses, city and country. $20 to $25;
chambermaid. Southern California, $20, half-
rate fare; chambermaid, commercial hotel,
$20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Working housekeeper, invalid lady, $25; house
girl, small family. Berkeley, no wash, $30,
see lady here; house girl, 3 in family, ranch,
$20. fare paid; Swedish second girl, $20
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary at
GENTLEWOMAN, 25 to 35. of good health and
practical mind to assist with charitable work;
must be fond of children, understand musio
and plain sewing; one living at home pre-
ferred; hours 9 to 6 daily; three evenings
weekly; salary $40 month; references. Box
2366, Call office.
WANTED— GirIs who understand feeding paper
ruling machine. Apply the HICKS-JUDD
COMPANY. 23 First st.
RELIABLE party to take flat of 6 furnished
rooms and board man and wife. Apply 2084
Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework
and care of children. 2626 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL for light housework; wages $10 to $12;
apply afternoon. 1576 Treat aye.. nr. Precita.
WANTED — Saleslady; fancy dry goods house;
must speak French. L. F.. box 2371. Call.
WANTED — A girl to do general housework;
wages $20. 435 Third st.
EXPERIENCED waitresses; arm work; also
girls to learn. Apply 725 Market st.
OPERATORS wanted to sew shirts; a few In-
experienced taught. Apply THE L. ELKUS
CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
A— Hairdressing thoroughly taught in 3 weeks;
entire course, $0; manicuring, shampooing,
scalp treatment, singeing, bleaching, dyeing;
electrical face massage system, includes cup-
ping, rolling, steaming, etc. ; everything fur-
nished; positions positively guaranteed; 3 good
positions now open to those entering immedi-
ately; graduates earn $75 to $125 a month with
private customers. S. F. HAIRDRESSINO
COLLEGE. 233 Geary St.. rooms 13-15.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg- I
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
WANTED— A wet nurse for the country; child
from 3 to 6 months. Apply In person with
baby at 1212 Sutter st., from 10 to 12 Friday
and Saturday.
WANTED— 2S ladles for concert hall in South-
ern California. For particulars call at 906
Market st.. room 17, second floor; hours, 2
to 4:30 p. m.
YOUNG girl from country preferred, light
housework; no cooking; two In family; good
home, Alameda; $2 a week. Box 694, Call.
AN Independent, deserving woman, one appre-
ciating an opportunity to advance in business,
as a traveler. Box 2394, Call office.
WELL-VERSED, good-appearing woman as
commercial traveler; permanent position.
Box 2007. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands for
suits and waists. Call store, 107 Post st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework;
small family; adults. 2168 Sutter st.
YOUNG ladies wanted as operators on incan-
descent lamps. 509 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED silk and shirt waist hands;
good pay. JUDA BROS., 109 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and stenographer;
ref. required. L. SAMTER & SON, 518 Mkt.
YOUNG girl assist with light housework and 2
children 3 and 5 years. 1683 Post st.
GIRL wanted— Light housework; small wash;
wages $15. 432 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED— Experienced hands for cloak and
suit alterations. Apply at HALE BROS.
30 WOMEN for dancing at 233 Powell. 1 Call
from 10 a. m. till 5 p. m. '
OPERATORS on custom shirts. 48 Ellis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 584S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Sash and door maker, country $3 50 day
2 machine hands, planing mills $3 day I
2 machinists, 9 hours day, city job; black- I
smith and woodworker, country shop; bench J
hand, country planing mill, $3 day; carriage j
trimmer, country shop, $3 day; machine
blacksmith, city; slack cooper
10 2-horse teamsters, country $60
Shingle packer and sawyer. $65 and fd.. see
boss here
10 4-horse teamsters, country $67 50
Stableman, private place, country... s2s & fd.
5 4-horse teamsters, same ranch, $2 50 fare,
$30 and fd.; Italian vegetable gardener: 10
drillers, $75; 10 laborers, new work $67 50
15 farm hands; 9 choremen and boys; boy to
learn blacksmith trade
Cook, country hotel $40 and fd.
Cake baker, country shop $35 and fd.
7 cooks, different places; baker's helper;
waiter south, $30 and fd. ; kitchen help and
dishwashers. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
X SHINGLE packer and sawyer who lives in
Oakland or Berkeley. Please call MURRAY
6 READY, 634-636 Clay St.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay st.
Harness-maker for ranch $35 and found;
Gardener for family, country $25
Milker for city $35
Cook, country boarding-house $30
Waiter for hotel, Nevada $40
Machine lathe hands; basket-maker, piece
work: basalt block makers, day wages;
scraper teamsters, country, $2 25 day; shovel-
ers for ditch, $2 25 a day.
2 CARPENTERS for mill company, $50 and
found; 6 laborers about mill. $50 and $60; 3
machinists. 30 cents hour; cabinet-maker, $3
day; 2 milkwagon drivers; 6 woodchoppers,
$1 25 cord: Scandinavian coachman, $30 to
$35- farmer and wife, $50: cooks, waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st.
Man to milk cows, take care of chickens, etc.,
$30, private place; man and wife, country
boarding-house, $60: gardener, $40; Frenchman
for housework, family, country, $20, etc.
WANTED— Man. in each county to represent old
established house; solid financial standing;
straight, bona fide weekly cash salary of $1S
by check each Wednesday with all expenses
from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
penses. Manager, 387 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for a
plain every day business; will pay $60 to $65 a
month; experience not required; place perma-
nent. Apply at 765 Market Bt., room 3.
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Sutter and
Larkin sts.
WANTED- Good errand boy. E. MESSAGER,
145 Post st.
McDONALD &. PERRY have 500 palra second-
hand shoes tot sale; 600 up. 241 Third st.
EXPERIENCED boir tci feed Job-printing
presses. 16 Fremont st.
WANTED — Boy 15 to 17 years to run elevator.
Call store. 107 Post St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday morning.
708 McAllister at.
ERRAND boy; some experience In printing
! office preferred. 543 Clay st.
SECOND German hotel waiter; wages $25. Ad-
i dress Russ House, San Jose, Cal.
WAITER Wanted; must do all around work 37
Eddy st.
WANTED— A cook at 334 Main st.
WANTED— Second cook at New Golden Gate
Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
\ WANTED— W T aiter at 444 Brannan St., New
I Mechanics' Hotel.
I WANTED — Young man for office work; must
be good at figures. Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m.
I at HALE BROS.
BARBERS— Wanted, a No. 1 shop, 3 chairs or
more, with or without cigar stand; country
preferred. Box 1938. Call.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman
Apply at HALE BROS.' bet. 8 and 11 a. m.
EXPERIENCED bill clerk for wholesale house;
state age and references. Box 2384. Call.
STAMPED envelope with handwritine will
bring statement characteristics. Box 2057. Call.
¦ ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
1 srice. 563 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d su.
HELP WANTED— MALE — Con.
WANTED— In a wholesale dry goods house, a
smart boy with some experience to do errands
and assist in stock. Address, stating refer-
ences and age, B. S., box 2368. Call office.
EARNEST young man will be given an oppor-
tunity to earn his way through business col-
lege at CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE,
305 Larkin st. ¦
WANTED— Young man with some experience In
butcher business; one who resides in Mission
preferred. L. HEDRICH, Sixteenth St., near
: Howard. : ' -
I A LEADING i real estate office Is prepared to
teach the business to a young man able to
control considerable business; state name, ad-
dress and nature of amount of business he
can control. Box 2385, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS salesman; must be experi-
enced In either furniture or carpets; no other
need apply: salary no object; steady posi-
tlon. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post St.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
: Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line* being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st. room 14, San Fran-
, Cisco, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE, 6C5 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
¦ runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Young man of good address for
floor- walker in dry goods house; state age.
experience and salary expected. Apply box
2393, Call.
BARBERS, attention — shop for sale
cheap. Twenty-first and Mission sts.
• ¦ i ZZ _
WANTED— boys. Apply at Hale Bros.'
WANTED— Boys from 18 to 20 to learn to
operate sewing machines at GREENEBAUM,
WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 260
, to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
' hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelan
big-. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ltttf
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale I
¦Wednesday, November 27, at 11 a. m., at the
Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE, auctioneer.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just In; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons: excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable: $60 to $120
the team. JOHN H. H ALTON. 1932 Market.
FINE 5-glass landau and rubber-tire side-bar
road buggy; been used but short time.
O'BRIEN'S, Polk st. and Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale — Team: well matched, suitable
for delivery wagon; weighing 1050 each. TWO-
MEY, 820 Folsom at. -
j ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one I-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth St. ¦
FOR sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Ctable.
1375 Eddy st.. a fine lot of carriage, road and
business horses.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st.
BIG horse $25: butcher horse $30; tea buggy $30;
coffee wagon $40; saddle $4. 21 City Hall aye.
FOR Sale — fresh Durham cow, gentle. 100
Isabel St., Bernal Heights.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. aye.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 eicpress wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 7 large sunny rooms; also 2 large
stores. 225 Eighth st.
LOST AND FOUND.
$5 REWARD for Irish water spaniel, lost
Thursday morning; tag on collar on dog.
Apply ROOS BROS., 25-37 Kearny , st.
LOST— A diamond fleur-de-lis- coming from
opera. $25 reward if returned to MRS. L.
KAUFFMAN. 2406 Washington st.
I TUESDAY evening, in or going to Alcazar,
brooch pin; diamond surrounded by pearls.
Suitable reward by MRS. C. AKMANN, 4143
Seventeenth st.
- — -^ ______^___^^^_____
FOUND— Barnes bicycle. 24-inch frame, rims
light and dark blue. Call 2010 Sutter st
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ, 706
Ellis st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— Dr. _ Mrs. Sweet is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin; has had 25 years' expe-
rience In midwifery cases; has opened strictly
private sanitarium at her own residence, 606
Guerrero, nr. 18th; takes ladles before _ dur-
ing confinement, with best of motherly care;
$15; room & board. $4: Infants' adopted; every
. case guaranteed to be restored to best of
health; advice free; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladles' specialists for female complaints; in-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement
410 O'Farrell st.. neai- Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
. 1228 Market: maternity home provided: office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladies'
special l a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice In
S. F.; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by her*-*.
~ MINES AND MINING.
FOR sale— Montezuma'e dividend stock- limited
number; 20c per share. Box 1317. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery^ Mcl
. INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019 l(m.-lS>3
¦ Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue':
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers shap-
ers. etc. ; also good working tools, such as
hand saws. wood. planers, shapers. stickers
mcrtisers. saws etc. J. "B. JARDINE -0
Fremont st. '
DYNAMO. 150 light Westlnghouse with flx-
l Ur complete: also 15- H P. WesUnghouse
high-speed engine; would take one or two
small motors in exchange. s ? LA D - Mc -
BEAN & CO.. 1358 Market st.Ts.F. ¦
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. neitr PSne.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants 12 75 mt^itit
CLOTHING PARLORsT437JI^ome^ y S £ IT
: CANARY birds; rollars and others cheaD-
selling out LOHMANN'S. 3168 Sixteenth st
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS h»«
retired from business. "AttKia has
¦ HOISTING engines and boilers for sale, rent
. ; or exchanged. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission ¦„
MISCELLANEOUS FOR Sj* -E-i-^ii*.
.... ,. ...... - - — . . ... ....-^ — _
BUYS sells or rents gear, machinery. /en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW.. 253-255 Spear st
IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boil-
ers bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
WE buy and sell nothing but second-hand car-
pets. D. GREEN & CO., 708 Valencia.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers: oak:
complete: cheap. 1913 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale: diamonds, precious stone*
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny St.. rm. 29.
BOATS launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ¦
CASH register <Hallwood>: brand new; reduc-
tion of $55. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
BAR outfits showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. .' E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale St. .
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales: Jeweler" » steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
MISCELLANEOCS WANTS.
K-HORSEPOWER 110 volts electric motor of
standard make. TUCKET _' KLI?T3|B2?O
Sutter st. i >-
BIG prices paid for sealskins; full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
WILL Bay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205. Call office^
HIGHEST price paid cast-oft clothing. Jewelry;
send postal. J. COHN. 223 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Fol3om 2522:
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN "Mul^OT?^o3~___mineT "buUdJ n«[
$4,500,000 at lowest rates *
j Loans made M
.'. On first and second mortgages
.Life interests In estates *
-. Undivided Interests In real estate «
Property being held in trust ..«
......Life policies. Estates In probate
If you need money .....;.....,
See HERMAN MURPHY. (03 Examiner bid*.
A-MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchaa*
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages „
- Undivided interest in real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere^
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; em.
second and third mortgages, estates 1- i\"J-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Koom 13.
la» floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgages, es-
tates, legacies, undivided interests, chattel
mtgs., etc.; enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAN. 206 Keary St.. room 314.
A RELIABLE corporation established in I860;
proper place to borrow money- on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, 9 Grant aye., nr. Mrkt: tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain,
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 346 Market
st.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant aye., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. ;any amount low-
est rates: private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 28 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
6%% ON real estate: mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commls. ; confidential. Whltehead, 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a. month on eacll
jlOCO; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. _
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big,
THE TOUSLE Company; loans • and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building. .
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
¦ plan. Western Loan 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
both new and second hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upct
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Stein way dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ASK us to give you a piano if you want to, and
we will come very near doing it: we are sell-
Ing so low that it is almost like giving pianos
away; come and let us talk piano to you and
you'll not be sorry; we are agents for Decker
& Son, Wissner and Baumeister. all good and
cheap at the price. THE ZENO MAUVAIB
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. -k.
ALL highest grades sold* by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest
American makes; easy payments; big allow-
ance for second-hand pianos: rents $2 up al-
lowed: bargains, $25 up; Stein ways. $185;
Chlckerings. $135; 50 others; agents wanted.
217 Geary st. ..
ATTENTION BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ _
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Mason
and Hamlln, Vose, Sterling- pianos. ..
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time)
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe>, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
st; established ISSO.
A SMALL Weber upright. $123; elegant walnut
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs $2$
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St., IVERS &
POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
WHOLESALE and retail piano dealers.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO
933 Market (after Jan. 1, 931-933 Market).
A LOT of unredeemed pianos will be sold for
storage this week; dirt cheap. WILSON'
Storage. 1710 Market st.
ELEGANT upright ' piano for sale, cheap:
owner going East. MRS. CAMBLOS. 521
Eddy st. - .
— — .
PRIVATE party scariflces account departure
handsome new upright piano; guaranteed.
21S Leavenworth «t 1
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155. njfcit,
217 Geary st. I .
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell it. R. 38. 217 Geary.
$123— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MfLLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy, Lester Hamilton,
Spielman pianos. 3CB Post st. .'
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister st.
AT KEEFFE*S. 22 Turk st, near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and -inway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, S3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
" —
MONEY WANTED.
: WANTED— To borrow $10,000 at 6 per cent on
city business property; rents for $120 month.
Box 2388. Call office.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A PHYSICIAN locate* in one of tae best
buildings in the city wishes to share his of-
fice ¦ with another physician ; references ex-
changed. Address box 2374. Call office.
PACIFIC, Handsome, large store cheap:
also 804 Sansome; rent only $10.
*»'L. -J_L~
200 SHARES of Great American Oil and De-
velopment Co. will be sold at a sacrifice
Box 1344. Call office. • '
OIL tanks, second-hand, In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE*. 31« Mission it.( PALMISTRY.
Tailor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEFRGAARb. president St. Germain College
roads from 1 to 4. 700 Poe^ phone Hyde rassl
PAINTERS A\D DECORATORS.
KOOM papered from $3 up; whitening" done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d.; tel. Red 3521.
I'AT^.N'IS A\D nCHMOU.
P £X^ l( £ » dv *ce free; general practitioner.
CEO. P. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
rimsoxALs.
ARKIYED— The greatest living authority
Teminine beauty. Dr. N. de Savoyeky or Paris
.-tologlet to the Empress or Austria, has
consented to meet the ladles at La ventt
jiarlors during his stay in the city; he teaches
how to preserve or acquire health, youth and
l>e*uty his treatment of deep wrinkles sur-
I'ssses anything done in this country; moles
ail ekin blemishes and superfluous hairperma-
sently removed without pain or scars, by mod
era European methods; consultation free 3
to 5 p. m. La Verlte Parlors. 1140 Market et.
opposite Hales
ARTISTIC hairdresslng. 25c, manicuring 25c,
rents' manicuring Me. by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
rant in city, 25c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage; Patti Beauty Cream
50c: headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne-
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at .the BON-TON. 224 Post st.
-^r = ¦
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curio* and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL. 118 Geary
et. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward. >
TO doctors and others— A lady and gentleman,
with some training in nursing and health
matters, are prepared to undertake the man-
agement of a sanitarium or other Institution
on very favorable terms. Box 2258. Call, Oakld.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, « weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
at., between Seventh and Eighth.
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless and without scar, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. 3598
Eighteenth et., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
'•BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta-
tion free: in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611, Examiner bid jr. : phone Black 3604.
MRS. BRIGGS. dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re-
tnoved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and
morphine habit; Mooser Co. gold cure; many
testimonials; direction to give secretly; price
15. Address orders 1125 Geary st., San Fran.
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
S6O per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 784 Valencia St.. S. F. : tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
tSc to Jl 50 per night; II 50 to $6 per week;
tre* 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
¦W/jr Guess? You can be certain of style and
ftt by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous lair removed by electrolysis. Mme.Zephey
Kia-ora, parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
VISITORS to Chinatown should not fail to see
the many interesting curie* at LOOK
PHfE'S 18 Waverly place.
FOR adoption: a fine male infant; fair; of .good
parents. Apply MRS. DR. GOODWIN. 906
Market st,
ARTISTIC halrdressing, 25c: manicuring 25c:
shan-poolng 50c; hair dyeing, wigs, switches
and front pieces. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
AT cash prices: ladies' tailor-made suits, coats.
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc. weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth St.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1049 Market St., opp. McAllister st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr. G.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia st., bet. ISth and 19th.
'Mr*. Brigss— Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. S6S Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders GOLDSTEIN & C 0. .733 Markt.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
DR. LAMOTTE « FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
ALFREDUM6 Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
600 MEN wanted to order suits for Si per week
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont,
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and residence,
1021^ Market Et.. between Sixth and Seventh!
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of the human body; see
_ testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-7>S Clar st.; ccc testimonials at office.
PLAMXC AXD TIRMKC MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL ESTATE— Cm— FOB SALS.
1. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
E Montgomery Street.
MISSION LOTS ALL SIZES AND PRICES
Dolores st., near 3'tth : 25x100: only $900.
Cor. Dolores and 30th; 26x100; reduced to $1500.
Sanchez st., near lMh; large lot for only JtioO
Fair Oaks St.. lot bet. 23th and 26th; 25x125;
nearly level; street macadamized and sewered;
reduced to $S5O.
Fair Oaks st., lots bet. 18th and 19th: 25x
57:6; 5300 each.
Harrison, bet. 24th and 2Sth; 4 lots 26 ft front;
for sale as a whole; $5000.
Misslon-st. cor., near 24th; large lot to rear
street.
Large corner on Folsom st. for $22,000; ICO*
20*.
Large tract on Folsom et., near Precita
place; could be cut into 24 lots of 25x110 and 25
106.
Velenda-st. lot; E2xSS; $11,000.
17th et.: 4^x75; street bitumin'.eed; artificial
etone sidewalk; $1500.
$2000; Mtaeion st.; near terminus of Valencia-
et. cars; 25x80.
Valencia st. ; 60x175 ; near junction of Valen-
cia and Mission sts.; $»000.
Howard st. ; lots 24x122:6; $3000 each.
Dolores St., near 17th; 29x110; cheap.
Dolores st. lot; 25x125; near 25th; fine view;
a cheap lot.
17th st.; S side; lots 25x100: . $1700.
24th st. ; 60x110: for only $1000.
Miselon-st. lots. $1250 to $1400 each; near 32d
and Cortland aye.; street bituminlzed and
•ewer down.
Lota on West Park, Crescent and Richiand
eves, and Holly st., $400 to $750 each; street
macadamized and sewered; easy terms; $100
down, balance $10 a month. Interest 6 per cent;
Mission-street electric cars pass.
Laidley and Mateo; 113 ft. front by 100 ft.
deep; cheap.
Corner on Mission St., near Cortland aye.;
k'xJCZ.
"*^Lot on N side of Dorland Et. ; 24x157:6; very
cheap.
$650 each; West Park St., 100 ft. from Mission;
street graded, sewered, macadamized and lots
ready to build on.
$150 each; two lots 25x109 each; Richiand aye.,
near 30th and Mission sts.
Richland aye. lots 23x100; $750 each.
Madrid St.; 25x100: $300.
Holiday map, 2 lots $200 each, near Crescent
aye. . •
10 Cortland aye, lots in Gift Map No. 1; 2
corners, $3000.
Reduced to $2000: corner Mission st. and
Richland aye.; 25x100; electric cars pass; street
ewered.
Corner on 23d: 65x117:6, only $2250.
SE corner Mission Bt. and France aye.; 60x
83:6; cheap.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park and
wish to sell them#3Uickly then call on W. J.
GUNN. S3O California st.
WANTED— purchase loti within the bound-
ary of 15th to 2*th sts. and Church to Mis-
Elon. W. J. GUXN. 630 California st.
WANTED— To purchase a desirable residence,
with modern Improvements; must have 4 bed-
rooms; to cost under $8000; possession to be
given before January 1: location. Western
Addition; an immediate buyer. W. J. GUNN,
£30 California «t.
IF you have any lots to sell on the streets run-
ning from Vallejo north to Lombard, or on
the cross streets, between Van Ness aye. and (
- Baker, on the west, then call on TV. J.
> NN, 530 California st.
¦jr. £00— MONTHLY income; Al 3-story
Sixth st. business block; lot 75x90. N. D.
EICKELS, the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
$4400— A GREAT bargain; 22 lots in heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only »?>0 per lot.
THE PHELPfi-LEWIS COMPANY,
283-326 Parrott building.
PEAL ESTATE — — FOJt SALE. |
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT .
".«."*'.*¦-*- $15,000. • ¦
3j ft. front, bet. i>ih and 7th and opposite
new Postoffice building; present improvements
two 2-story frame houses, rents $61 50; Mission
St., from 4th to 9th, is Bast becoming a busi-
ness street. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. Real
Estate Agents. 5 Montgomery st. _^_^ _ |
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement I
and yard; sun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
tola sts.. bet. Pierce .i.nd Steiner. v - |
BARGAIN— $2100: terms: house, 9 rooms; lots [
to suit. SHADBURXE. 616 Sacramento st. j
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale j
FOR Sale— sl2. Coo; improved ranch Of 200
acres, half farming land; 4000 cords of wood,
oak, pine and redwood; good spring water
piped to house and barn; ten-room house; mile
and a half from nearest railroad depot; sit-
uated in Santa Cruz County; must be seen
to be appreciated. Address E. M., box 18, So-
qucl. Santa Cruz County. Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as j
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location j
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. A 2 California Et.. for pam-
phlets and information.
A GIFT, or next thing to it. of Al SBO-acre
stock or general farm In Sonoma County; 25 |
acres cultivated; 100 ready for the plow; bear-
ing orchard: unsurpassed for vineyard; com-
plete set buildings; abundance water and
timber; fencing; only $3000: cost $7000. N. D.
SICKELS— THE LAND AGENT— 6 Geary st.
FOR cash rent— Fine fruit and grain farm neat
bay. Address A. 8.. box 2395. Call office.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acre*; El j
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222, Call office. |
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for '
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal. )
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
3-ROOM house and lot; exchange for lodging-
house. 725 Utah st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA RE Ali ESTATE.
BARGAINS: improved Jc unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: -£ cash. Rank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3750— NEW building In the Hlllegass tract; a
thoroughly up-to-date house of 7 rooms: large
lot: street work all cone; connected with gas i
and electric lights; only 300 feet from Tele-
graph-are, car line.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
$2250— HERE'S a bargain; 2-story house of «
rooms; large lot; street work all done; only
1 block from station; a great bargain.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
- Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
NEAR Dwight way station; east of
track: house of « rooms; large lot; on the
sunny side of street; a snap.
• JOSEPH J. MASON.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
»<2SO— ORIGINAL 'COST $55«>] " ~~™
New house of 7 rooms and bath, 3 rooms
finished in attic; lot 50x120; sunny exposure;
Al neighborhood; beamed ceiling; side-
boards in dining-room: wine closets; hous*
heated by furnace; nickel and open plumb-
ing; space too expensive to extol its many
qualities; the owner died in Alaska, and the
property must be sold to satisfy claims
against the estate; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$2300— COST to build house $2500; lot 40x120; 2- I
slory house, first-class condition; A No. 1 '
neighborhood; near cars and business cen-
ters; owner in Chicago and has telegraphed
me to sell at the above quoted price.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
100! Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$2500— ONLY $300 cash; brand-new; latest de-
sign; open plumbing; latest in everything;
near local station, school, cars and business
centers; cost $3100 to duplicate; seeing is be-
lieving; call eariy.
J. S. MYERS & C 0...
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$2000 — COST of house only; lot given away. A
brand-new 7-room house; cement basement;
large lot; driveway; three blocks to local |
train; house opposite cost $16,000; charming ¦
neighborhood; terms easy; an ideal home; !
street work complete; first come, first served.
J. B. MXEKS A CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
B. M. DODGE & SON,
160 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250 Something extra nice in the way of
a modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley: lot ii9xl2s; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas the '
•furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland. |
•¦ J ' ¦ I
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 114— Nicely furnished front rooms; neat
and clean; also housekeeping rooms; complete.
HOWARD, 725. near Third— housekeeping
rooms reasonable.
HYDE. Sunny front parlor suite complete
for housekpg. ; also large sunny rm. & single.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— Dec. 1, nicely furnished
3- room parlor floor; housekpg.; sunny; others.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny back housekeeping suite,
to; single rooms for gents. $4 and $5.
MCALLISTER, 2000, cor. Central aye.— 3 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping; $9.
OAK. 123— Two nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; adults; only $16.
THIRTEENTH, 815-4 rooms unfurnished, $11;
1 housekeeping, desired.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnm. and I nfurn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 MrfAlllster— New, elegant,"
sunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
ward; special rates by week or month; take
McAliister-st cars from ferry, to door.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
i.c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CAPP. 624— Four room*; no children; rent rea-
sonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. — Large front room, nicely fur-
nished; suitable 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH, 5614— 2 sunny furnished rooms;
gas; bath; reasonable.
ELLIS, 310— Elegant new furnished sunny
front parlor; rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 633, corner Larkin— Sunny room, fold-
ing bed; also bay-window alcove, with mantel.
ELLIS, 771— Double parlors; also single rooms;
clean and homelike. «••
ELLIS. Nicely furnished room with private
bath attached. " *
FOLSOM, 1293, cor. Ninth— Large sunny corner
bay-window. $»; adults; quiet house.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— suite* ; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single;, travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
at., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
wee"fc or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk Bt.
i HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis Sunny out-
slde rooms; single. $2 50; suites, $4 50 per
¦ week; newly renovated; elevator; baths.
HYDE. Sunny furnished suites or single
rooms; central.
HYDE. N.E. cor. Bush— Sunny furnished bay-
window room, dressing rm. ; also single room.
JESSIE, • Sunny furnished rooms; $5 to $10
per month.
JONES. 906— Newly furnished suite of S rooms,
arranged as bachelor apartments; light break-
fast will be served in rooms if desired; large
sunny rooms, grate, phone, bath; car passes
door; rooms will accommodate 2 or 4 adults
boarding out; also 2 large well lighted single
i rooms, game conveniences. , .
I — .
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 ; Market-Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NOE. 447— Furnished room with use of dining-
room, kitchen and bath; $10.
O'FARRELL. Sunny ' furnished rooms 'and
offices; elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 232— Handsomely furnished sunny
parlor floor; references.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, ISH>I.
ROOMS TO LET — Pnrn. and Infnru. '
ROYAL House. 12G Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market—Furnished or unfurnished.
STEINER, 1403, near Elite— Four, newly fur-
nished rms.; single or suite; call from' 10 to 1.
STOCKTON, 332— A sunny suite and singles,
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low. |
BUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— from $1
to $7; singles. $2 to $.* per week; transient.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 2739— Sunny furnished
rooms, all front, with or without board.
WEBSTER, 2338, bet. Union and Filbert—
furnished room; gas and 'bath; $S per month.
CLASSIFIED, advertisements' and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. , -
ROOMS AKD BOARD.
A SELECT family boarding place, ; quiet and
refined; appointments first class; desirable lo-
cality; north of Market st. Address Resi-
dent, box 2352, Call office. .
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye.
VAN NESS, 519 Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other sunny suites; bebt
table board.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. IS2O Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath: board optional; single rooms.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
TO exchange— A scholarship in a leading busi-
ness college for board and room. Address N.
COHN, 1282 Eddy Et. ) j
YOUNG man wants room and board in private
family; Western Addition; state terms. Box
2376. Call office.
RUPTURE I SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM, 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
Invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING) MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing: lowest rates; phone Mint 45, 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main £713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
: PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
: pany. 2320 FlHmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money thaa.any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Harry S. Hansberger, 27, Fresno, and Mar-
garet P. Fitzgerald. 28. 322 McAllister street.
Byron W. Alden, 22, Oakland, and Mary
Crosby, 20, city.
Alfonso Luchesl, 61, 730 Union street, and
Nieolina Brunini, 38, 713 Union street.
I William J. Kelly, 25, 2321 Howard street, and
Anastita Hynes, 19, 204 Welch street.
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GRESSWELL— At St. Winifred's, San Fran-
cisco, November 20, 1901, to the wife of
Charles GreEswell of Denver, Colo., a daugh-
ter. . •
TALBOT— In this city, November 18, 1901, to
the wife of Joseph Talbot, a son.
TYSON— In this city, November 16. 1901, to
the wife of Captain M. Tyson, a son. -
MARRIED.
HOWER— NELSON— in this city, November 18,
1901, by the Rev. J. Fucndelins, George W.
Hower of Cambridge City, Ind., and Tillie
Nelson of Oakland, Cal.
JAGOW— In this city. November 21.
1601. by the Rev. J. Fuendeline, Charles A.
Kelm and Leonle A. C. Jagow.
MUES— WAGNER— In this city. November 14,
1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John F.
Muea and Christelle E. Wagner.
DIED.
Alexander, Sarah J Ewlnr, James D.
Baechtel, H. L. Feeney, Mary C.
Billßren, Frans L. Fevre, August
Callaghan, Sarah A. Fonda, William M.
Cason, Laura T. GHHgan, Michael
Clisby, Seth Griffin, William J.
Clokoch, George Hansen, Rosie
Conlon, Helen W. Higgins, Robert R.
Connelly, Susan Hllland, Charles
Cronan, Peter Hitchcock, James
Deveny, Peter McCarthy, Patrick
De Vrillamor, Nlcasla Millar, Major J. E.
Driscoll. Michael J. Mohr. Mathilde
Duke, John D. \ Schwartz, Lena • .
Dunker, Ernst .
ALEXANDER— In Los Angeles, November 22,
1901, Sarab, beloved wife of Leopold Alex-
ander, and daughter of Rose and the late
Henry Borkhelm, a native of New York City.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
BAECHTEL— In Santa Ana. Cal., November
20, 1901, H. L., beloved son of Mart and Ester
H. Baechtel, and brother of Ethel Baechtel.
a native of California, aged 32 years 3
months and 3 days.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of E. M. Root, 903 Steiner street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BILLGREN— In this city, November 22, 1901,
Fran* Ludvig, beloved husband of Anna Blll-
gren, a native of Vermland, Sweden, aged
34 years 10 months and 25 days.
CALLAGHAN— this city, November 21, 1901,
Sarah A., beloved wife of the late Captain
Charles Callaghan, and sister of Mrs. Emma
Brown, a native of Nova Scotia.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple, under the -auspices
of Golden Gate Chapter No. 1, O. |E. S. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CASON— this city, November 21, 1901, Laura
Thomas Cason, beloved wife of Colonel Z. T.
' Cason, ( and mother of Louis R. B. Holmes
and Cora P. Holmes, a native of St. Louis,
Mo., ased 52 years.
(CTThe funeral services will take place to-
day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street.
CLISBY— In Oakland, November 22. 1901, Seth.
husband of Annie M. Clisby. and father of
S. W. Clisby and Mrs. Charles F. Allardt, a
native of Nantucket, Mass., aged 63 years
10 months and 22 days.
CLOKOCH— In this city, November 22, 1901, at
855 Harrison street, George Clokoch, beloved
son of John and Annie Clokoch, and brother
of Annie. Peter and Charley Clokoch, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 5 months and
" 22 days. • ¦ .
CONLON— In this city, November \ 22, 1901
Helen W., beloved mother of Helen D. Con-
lon, * native of New York City, aged 57
years. • ¦. ¦
C7"Notlca of funeral hereafter.
CONNELLY— In this city,, November 21, 1901'
Si«an, beloved wife of the late Peter Con-
nelly, a native of Ireland, aeed 86 years 10
months and 26 days, . •
ICT Funeral private to-day (Saturday), at 9
o'clock, from her late residence, 1025 Devisa-
dero street, thence to Holy Cross Church,
•where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment ' Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets. Please omit flowers.
CRONAN— In this city. November 21, 1901.
. HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) - -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery^
Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE »1C MARKET BET.
j ¦ \\i ' J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F. ; Green, late with J. c. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street.' between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. -'¦-:,<¦-
Peter, beloved husband of Annie Cronan, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 64
years 5 months and 20 days. (New Haven,
Conn., papers please copy.)
o^-Funeral to-day (Saturday), at 9:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 14 Dale
place, off Golden Gate avenue, between Leav-
enworth and Hyde streets, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repese of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DEVENY— In this city, November 21. 1901,
Peter, beloved husband of Elizabeth F.
Deveny, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
in? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodte No.
166, F. and A. M.
DE VRILLAMOR— In the City and County
Hospital, November 22, 1901, Nicasio de
Vrillamor, a native of the Philippine Islands,
aged 23 years.
DRISCOLL— In this city, November 20, 1901,
Michael J. Driscoll, brother of the late Joh.i
Drisooll, a native cf Tralee, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 32 years.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUKE— In this city, November 22, 1901 * John
Douglas, beloved husband of Maria E. Duke,
father of Mrs. S. A. Boyes, Mrs. Mac Mack
and Robert and Edith Duke, and grandfather
of Edith Boyes, a native of Ottawa, Canada,
aged 72 years and 10 months.
[CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resly
dence. 407 A Grove street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
DUNKER— In Thermalito, November 14, 1901,
at the Odd Fellows' Home, Ernst Dunker, a
native of Lubeck, Germany aged 84 years.
EWING— In this city, November 21. 1901, James
Dewey, beloved son of AVilliam H. and Kit-
tie Ewine, and grandson of Mrs. Catherine
Woods, a native of San Francisco, ased 3
years 4 months and 17 days.
IT^Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 3334 Twenty-fifth street, near How-
ard. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FEENEY- In this city," November 21, 1901.
Mary C, beloved daughter of Patrick and
the late Catherine Feeney, and sister of Rob-
ert, Joseph, Daniel, Annie and the late Fran-
cis Feeney, a native of California, aged 27
years 7 months and 25 days.
tCJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
thence to St. Ann's Church, Colma, where
services will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FEVRE— In this city, November 22. 1001. Au-
gust Fevre, beloved husband of Mrs. A.
Fevre, father of Olestine, and stepfather ol
Mrs. E. A. Daly, a native of France, aged
63 years.
ItTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from 227 Austin ave-
nue.
FONDA— In this city, November 22, 1901, Wil-
liam Mlddleton, beloved husband of Laura M.
Fonda, eldest son of W. T. and Eleanor M.
Fonda, and brother of Mrs. Helen K. Walker,
Mrs. L. V. Hentrich and Charles P., Harry
S. and Walter G. Fonda, aged 44 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Templet corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Occidental Lodge No.
2, F. and A. M.
GILLIGAN— In thla city, November 22, 1901,
Michael, beloved husband of Catherine GlUl-
gan, a native of County Leitrim, Ireland,
aged 55 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1413 Baker street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church for services, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GRIFFIN— In this city, November 22, 1901,
William J. Grifnn, devoted son of Jobn D.
and Margaret Griffin, a native of San Fran-
ois=c\ aged 22 years and 18 days. (New York
papers please copy.)
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mnrrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1714' i Howard street, thenoe
to St. Charles Church, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets, where funeral services will be
held. Please omit flowers. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Requiem high mass on Mon-
day, at 9 o'clock, at St. Charles Church, for
the recose of his soul.
HANSEN— In this city, November 22, 1901,
Rnste, dearly beloved daughter of Captain
Chris Hansen and Mrs. Kate Hansen, and
sister of Robert Hansen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 8 months and 4
days.
HIGOINS— In Los Anseles, Cal., Robert Ran-
som Hip-gins, beloved husband of Margaret
Heister Higfinp.
ICT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
HILLAND— In this city, November 22, 1901,
Charlos Hilland, a native of Switzerland,
aced 75 years.
HITCHCOCK— In this city. November 21, 1901,
James Hitchcock, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 50 years.
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
M'ARTHY— In this city, November 21, 1901,
Patrick, beloved son of Daniel and Ellen
McCarthy, and brother of Julia. John, Mary
and Ella McCarthy and Mrs. H. G. Vogel-
sang, a native ot Ireland, aged 30 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 419 Franklin street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLAR— In Oakland, November 22, 1901,
Major John Edgar Millar, beloved husband of
Kate C. Millar, and father of John W. and
Lee C. Millar, a native of New Orleans, La.,
aged 54 years 10 months and 12 days.
lC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1318 Tenth street, Oakland. Inter-
ment r-rivate.
MOHR — Near Hamburc, Germany, November
19. 1901, Mathilde, beloved wife of J. J. Mohr.
and mother of Rudolph Mohr of San Fran-
cisco, Emtl Mohr of Dawson, Mrs. Regine
Bielefeld and Mrs. Theodore Gerckens of
Germany, aged 78 years 10 months and 5
day*.
S<"m\AßTZ— ln this city; November 22, 1901,
Lena, dearly beloved wife of Samuel
Schwartz, dearly beloved mother of Isadore,
James, Meyer, Annie, Bessie and Pearl
Schwartz and Mrs. I. Menßor, daughter of
Mrs. Amelia Harris, and sister of Mrs. S.
Blblgal, Mrs. M. Meyer and Wolf Morris, a
native of Poland, aged 57 years 10 months
and 12 days.
tcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attsnd the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, *2023 Pine street. Interment New Sa-
lem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
$hanahan Florist Go 6
Vt - / ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.NtA«ELL!S SEE 5056
WXLIi BEAUTIFY VAN NESS
AVENUE WTTH A PARK
Board of Public Works Will Grant
Petition of the Merchants'
Association.
Frank J. Symmes, president of the Mer
chants' Association, sent a communica
tion to the Board of "Works yesterday,
requesting that provision be made for a
central strip of park on "Van Ness avenue,
between Bush and Pine streets. Com
missioner Manson says that the request
will be granted, as an appropriation of
$5000 has been made to plant trees on the
avenue.
McXinley Memorial Fund.
The following contributions to the Me-
Kinley memorial fund were made yes
terday:
Employes San Francisco Postal Department
W. W. Montague, Postmaster. $300; Society of
California Pioneers, $100; American Steel and
Wire Company, 125; South San Francisco Par
lor No. 157, N. S. G. W., $10; The A. Van der
Nailien School of Engineers, $10; Wildey En
campment No. 23, I. O. O. F., $5; from Al
magia & Patrizl, "L* Italia"— L. de Martini
Supply Company, $10; Flor d' ltalia Restaurant,
$5; Teodora Bacigalupi, $5; Independent Ital
ian Benevolent Society, $5; Professor Angclo
Spadina, $2; Liubl Del Orto, $2; Andrea L.
Bacigalupi, $2; G. Gandolfo, $2 60; D. Rozant.
Napa, $2 50; O. Davi, Black Diamond Coal
Company, $2 50; Faust E. Mascherini, $2;
G. Tacconi, $1; G. M. Postiglione. $1;
Pietre Rossi, $1; Eugenio, Cadenasso,
$1; T. Venturi, $1; Dr. E. N. Turrello, $1; G.
Garibaldi, $1; Davide Cereghino. $1; L. Per
azzo $1; A. Mertorella, $1; <i. B. Ageno, $1;
F. Demartlno, $1; Caterine Brlzagini, Marti
nez. $1; N. N., $1: F. Caiegarl, $1; V. Sas
sarini, Truckee, $1: F. Maglio, Santa Bar
bara, 50 cents; B. Badaracco, 60 cents; Teresa
Viale, 50 cents; Mary Calegari, 50 cents; Henry
Calegari, 50 cents; Romolo Calegari, 50 cents;
O. Cavallo, Oakland, 50 cents; James Fox, B0
cents; George Ghiggierl, 25 cents; G. de Inno
cents, 25 cents; J. Cereghino. 25 cents; J.
Griffin, 25 cents; A. Newenberg, 50 cents; W.
J. Robinson, 25 cents; total, $62 25; Santa
Clara College-Lowell High School football
game, $25; Mrs. Eleanor Martin, $25; total,
$562 25; previously reported, $27,074 36; total to
date, $27,63G 61.
MURFREESBORO, Term., Nov. 22.— The
warehouse of J. L. Rather & Co. and several
¦tores, located in the Depot Hill district,
burned early to-day. Lobs $80,000.
EAGLES READY
FOR CARNIVAL
Complete Arrangements
for Their Mask
Ball.
Names of Those on Com
mittees Have Been
Announced.
San Francisco Aerie No. 5. Fraternal
Order of Eagles, has arranged for a car
nival ball to be given In the Mechanics'
Pavilion on the night of the 27th inst.
Cash prizes amounting to $250 will be
awarded. The affair will be under the
management of the following named com
mittees:
Committee of arrangements— Thomas H.
Lindsay, chairman; Gus Pohlmann, secretary;
William Clack treasurer; Oscar Hocks. R. C.
Stoddard, Ed L. Wagner, J. G. Bass, Charles
H. Long.
Reception committee— Oscar Hocks (chair
man), Hon. Eugene Schmitz, Hon. Harry Baehr,
Hon. J. T. Conlon, Hon. A. J. Fritz, Hon. Geo.
Cabaniss, Hon. A. B. Mahoney. Hon. E. J.
Smith, Hon. George Alpcrs, Hon. F. H. Bent,
Hon. Thomas F. Graham, W. A. Deane,
Thomas Ferguson, J. \V. Goetz. Ed L. Head,
Frank Pfelfier, Thomas J. Clancy, James
Calrnes, Jule Lemle. Charles M. Fisher, A. G.
Furth, Joseph S. Brown, Carl F. Penther. Will
Flaherty. William Dasha, Alb. Armstrong, E.
P. McCann, J. F. Cheetham.
Floor committee— R. C. Stoddard, chairman;
J. George Crowlev, floor manger; Gus Hold
stein, John N. Albin and Dave Becker, assist
ant floor managers; H. T. Porter, Robert
Rusch, Charles McClaln, Dan Anglum, Samuel
Schnapper. Fred Petersen, L. J. Hurley. Henry
Kuhls, Ben C. Levey, James J. Griffin. H.
Fournes, J. J. Carroll, C. Fred Williams, A.
Clack. Charles Lindau, J. J. Bacon. Harry
Raphael, Harry Mulcrevy, John A. Halpin,
Samuel M. Wolf.
Programme committee — Gustave Pohlmann
(chairman), Gail Harris, William H. Day, John
R. Wilson Jr., Joseph Henne, J. J. Anderson.
Prize committee— Ed L. Wagner (chairman),
R. M. Donnelly. Otto Hansen, J. M. Moffett.
Hana Vcronl, Harry Corbett. Frank Dunn.
Decoration committee— J. G. Bass (chairman),
Samuel Michael, Henry Meyer, G. F. Richards,
M. F. O'Connor W. K. Lewis, R. W. Brodie.
Printing committee— William Clack (chair
man). C. W. Nevin, Louis Fontanei, Charles
L. Adams, Morris Levy, George L. Sharp,
James J. Silvey.
Order committee— Charles H. Long (chair
man), David Creamer, A. H. Becker, Louis
Holz, J. H. Spiegel, George F. Schuli, John J.
Sheridan, J. F. Crowliy, J. W. Larsen, Robert
Stafford, George Green, Jamca L. Lawler, Wil
liam P. Patten, Gus Lelser, Charles Eastman,
James B. Newson. Charles Noe, George Caw
ley, Thomas L. Cazneau, Michael O'Donnell,
Olaf Nielson, Charles Ehmann, John P. Bow
ers, J. Heimann, Thomas P. Cullen, Marc
Davis, Frank Fay, J. J. O'Connor, Fred Mail
lot, Thomas P. Fenton, H. C. Tonnemaeher.
James L. Nagle, M. H. Fleishman, William
Wood, James H. O'Brien, Joseph B. Marshall,
Charles R. Oliver, Ed J. Ftirey, Bert Cans,
Charles Gollnsky, Mart Johnson, Thomas F.
Madigan, William H. Rice, J. H. Seeba, James
J. Milley, Joseph Ryan, T. L. Maloney,
Charles Mitchell, James L. Ward, James An
thony, Thomas V. Cummings, William Mur
phy. Harry G. DeGreayer. Joh.l Holland,
George Maloney. William Blumberg, E. Boh
len, Thomas Cushman, John D. Daly. Phil
Ambrose, James Cannon, I. Erb, Phil Flgel, I.
Green, H. M. Ironbirg, Gus Cllnc, Louis H.
Orr, Michael Ray, Robert L. Flynn, Ed B.
Jewell. C. F. Kenneally, J. Gondfrlend, C. F.
Johnnon. G. A. Kelley. A. C. Berthier. William
J. Shields, John J. Kennedy, AVilliam Josepti
Gus Leaf, M. C. King, John Yokela, Frank
Pfeiffer, A. Rosencrantz, W. C. Kramer,
George J. Lynch. J. T. Sullivan, Charles W.
Lentz, Patrick Mullen. Paul W. Zincke, Frank
J. Thompson, George Westenberg, John R
Pearson, J. E. Tlerney, George H. Warner and
John H. Renfroe.
LOCAL BREVITIES.
BALLIE .TONES HELD TO ANSWER —
Sallle Jones, the colored girl on Pinckney illey
who threw a lighted lamp at Policeman Duane,
breaking his nose, was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of assault to murder.
CHARGED "WITH FORGERY.— Charles W.
Patton. a cook, was boosted yesterday en
three charges of forgery. The complaining- wit
ness is H. F. Suhlender, a grocer at 287 Na
toma street. Patton Is accused of passing three
forged checks on Suhlender.
REFUSED TO PROSECUTE— James Hop
kins and "William Patton. union men, who were
arrested during the recent strike on a charge
of assault to murder, appeared before Judge
Conlan yesterday. It was stated that the
complaining witness refused to swear to a
complaint and the case was dismissed.
GRANTED NEW TRlAL.— Joseph Teshara,
who was convicted of complicity of the murder
of George Loucks on February 10, 1900, at
Santa Cruz, was granted a new trial by the
Supreme Court yesterday. The ground for
a reversal of the judgment of the lower court
lay in the admission of certain illegal evi
dence.
SHOT WITH HIS OWN PISTOL, —WhiIe
Dominick Guerrero, a fish peddler, was step
ping from his cart at Fjllmore and California
streets yesterday morning, a pistol which he
carried was accidentally discharged, the bul
let lodging In the knee of his right leg. He
was taken to the Central Emergency Hospital
for treatment.
HABEAS. CORPUS FOR GRlN.— United
States Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday issued
a writ of habeas corpus on the application of
George D. L. Collins for Simeon I. Grin, the
young Cossack who fled from Russia several
months ago after embezzling 25,000 rubles from
his employers. The case will be heard on
Monday morning.
VIOLATE SWILL ORDINANCE.— Nine scav
angers were arrested yesterday for violating
the ordinance which provides that all swill
carts shall be lined with 2inc and covered
with canvas. They were each fined $20. They
were John Demartini, G. Garibaldi, S. Chippi,
Charles Brouchi, W. Varlni, Victor Repatro,
Augustus Mozio, John Vannl and Andrew Ray
CROOK FIGHTS POLICE.— Frank Walsh and
William Alexander, alias Oscar Bell, both of
whom are colored, were arrested yesterday by
Detectives Ryan and ODea and Railroad Of
ficers Lewin and Madden, and booked en rcute
to . Los Angeles, where they are wanted for
burglary. When arrested Alexander fought
to' escape, but was overpowered and hand
cuffed.
MRS. TIBBITTS' DEATH EXPLAINED.—
The police have come to the conclusion that
Mary Tlbbltts, who was found In a lodging
house at 813 Mission street Thursday evening
and who afterward died In the Receiving Hos
pital, was not a victim of f oul play, ai was
hist suspected. She had been on a protracted
Fprefp, and death in a measure was du^ to
alcoholism.
AGED MAN DISAPPEARS.— Edward Price,
6 years of age, formerl" a bookkeeper at San
Mateo, disappeared Wednesday from the Win
chester Hotel and no clew to his whereabouts
has since been obtained. On the day he
dropped out of sight he sent a note to J. R.
Young, 36 Geary street, declaring that he was
tired of life. It is feared that he has com
mittted suicide.
COMPLAINS OF DELAY.— Adolph Eberhart
filed a complaint witM the Board of Works yes
terday that Fllnn & Treacy have persistently
delayed carrying out their contract to do street
work on Carl and Stanyan streets. The con
tract was signed almost one year ago, and
nothing has been done as yet. The Board of
Works ordered the grade of Polk street, near
Chestnut, Francisco and Bay streets, to ba es
tablished at 120 feet.
ATTEMPT TO ROB NOT PROVED.—Jack
son Dennis and William Jones, colored, who
were arrested on a charge of attempting to
rob T. Nakaba, a Japanese, at Sutter street and
Grant avenue, appeared before Judge Megan
yesterday. Nakaba testified that the defend
ants did not go through his pockets, but asked
him to "treat," which was a different story
from what he told the arresting officers. The
case was dismissed.
STRUCK WITH BREAD ROLLER.— Ernest
Etner, a baker at 637 Broadway, quarreled
with a fellow workman yesterday afternoon
and was struck on the head with a bread
roller. He wandered In a dazed manner about
the streets until he reached the Hall of Jus
tice, whence he was sent to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where his wound were di-essed.
He was suffering from a fractured skull and
a badly contused wound on the side of his
head.
HIS TOES CRUSHED BY A GIRDER —An
drew Wilberg, a mechanic, while superintend
ing the hoisting of a girder on a building at
New Montgomery and Mission streets yester
day, had the toes of both his feet badly
crushed by the fall of a girder. While the
big Iron plate was being raised the rope broke,
permitting it to fall. It smashed a platform
of three-inch scantlings and catching Wilberg
beneath smashed his toes. He was treated at
the Emergency Hospital by Dr. Morrison.
REDUCES LAUNDRY LICENSE.— The Su
pervisors' License Committee recommended
yesterday that the license tax on laundries
operating ten wagons or over be reduced from
$20 to J6 per quarter. The committee took this
action because the laundries are already bur
dened with wagon licenses and taxes on mi
chinery. The committee denied the petition
of merchants for the return of licenses paid
for the full quarter on January 1, 1900, although
the charter removed the license tax on places
where merchandise la sold. The amount in
volved is about $1000. A suit will be brousht
to decide the point.
DEFENDS WATER
OF LOBOS CREEK
Schus3ler Appears and
Says Flow Is Not
Impure.
Board of Fublic Works Will
Investigate Its Avail
ability.
The Supervisors* Health and Hospital
Committee recommended yesterday that
the Board of Public Works be directed
to report on the availability of Lobo3
Creek as a source of water supply. The
Board of Health will be requested to
make bacteriological and chemical exam
inations of the water from the creek.
The committee had under consideration
Reed's resolution condemning Lobos
Creek water as contaminated. Chfef En
gineer Schussler appeared before the com
mittee in support of his statement filed
to the effect that the water was not im
pure. Schussler called attention to Pro
fessor Milgard's published statement that
the water was potable. Chairman D'An
cona asked if the watershed from which
the creek is euoplied was a residence dis
trict and Schussler replied that it was In
the Richmond district, which had a sewei
system leading out to the sea. Schussler
said he would be willing to buy such a
district as a water source if the quality
of water was as good as that of the I>o
bos Creek water.
E. P. E. Troy, a resident of the district
named, submitted samples of the water
drawn from the pipes at his home. One
of the samples was thick with mud.
Schussler agreed to file a map of the
district supplied from Lobos Creek, and
the Board of Health will report the per
centage of continuous fevers since No
vember 1. the date when the water was
first used, as compared with previous
periods.
City Chemist Green filed a report of the
analyses of two samples taken from the
tank and the dam, but declined to inter
pret his findings until further analyses
had been made. A meeting of the com
mittee will be held in two weeks to re
ceive the reports and to hear Supervisor
Reed in rebuttal of Schussler's statement
to the board.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Twelve.
LA & P 55.. .102\i — 8 P of Cal 8s
Do 1 c m 58.101 103 (1905). Ser A.lftg^lOSU
Mkt-st Cab 85.127%125% (1905), Ber 8.109 109H
Do 1c m ss. — 1234 (1906) 110H —
N R of Cal 65.112H1l2 T V (1912) 119V21 1 *
Do 5s 121^122Vi S P of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C ss.in7H — ; c gntd 55. . ..109% —
Nor Cal R 35. 1124 — SP Br Cal «5.135 —
Oak Gas 55.... 112 — S V Water Bs. — 112
Oak Trans 68.12414126 Do 4s irf>\iO3\
Do Ist c ss. — 113 Do 4s 3d m. — 103 V,
Oak Wat g ss. — 105 Stktn Gas 85.. 102^4 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 7«VPort Coeta .... 83H W
Marln County. 53 — |Bpring Valley. tf\i 87%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 2% — I Pacific Light.. 42 44
Equitable 3H — ! Sacramento ... X —
Mutual 4H s»i 8 F G A E.... 42^ 43
Oakland 51 hl\ San Franciiico. 514 5U
Pac Gas Imp.. 39H 42 Stktn G & E.. 8 — '
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 24o — (
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 78 — LPAA 180 175
California 407 — Mer Ex (llq).. 18U —
Cal Safe Dep.. 109% — 8 F National. .l3o —
First Nat10n1..316 — I
SAVISOapANKS.
German 1925 — jS^v A Loan... — M
Humboldt — — Security 5av...300 350
Mutual Say.... 60 — Union Truzt..lSoo —
8 F Say U 525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 135 — O8 L * H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 : Presidio 30 —
Market ........ 84U 85 !
POWDER.
Giant 84% 83 /Vigorit i% 5
SUGAR.
Hana — 5 Kllauea II 124
Hawaiian 87Vj 50 Makaweli 25*4 -6 1 *
Honokaa 12 13V t Onomea 24 1 , K%
Hutchinson ... ij% tt% Paauhau 12>fc 13^
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack... 155 157% Oceanic S Co.. 45 50
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 ; Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. S9Vf> 91 Pac C 80rax.. 165 —
MerExchange.llo — Par Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 AlnF-ka Packers' Association 155 50
20 Giant Powder Con 84 00
li» Honokaa 3 Co 12 50
24 Market-Street Railway Co 84 50
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 43 CO
5 Spring Valley Water Co 87 00
5 Spring Valley Water Co S7 124
20 Spring Valley Water Co S7 25
Street—
$6000 Spring Valley Water 6s bonds 11l 75
$3000 S V Water bonds (3d mortgage).... 101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
15 Giant Powder Con 84 73
20 Honokaa S Co 12 50
100 Hutchin?on S P Co 15 50
S5 Makaweli 26 CO
30 Market-street Railway Co 84 50
15 San Francisco Gas A Electric Co 43 00
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 42 87V4
J2WO S P of C 6s bonds (1905, Series A).. 108 37.
13 Spring Valley Water Co 87 50 "
Street—
$2000 Oceanic S S Bonds 104 25
$7000 S P of C 6s bonds (1905. Series A).. 108 3754
$iOOO S P Of C 6s bonds (1905, Series B)..10» 12* a
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Central Point Con 1 15
25 Home 3 40
100 Home, b9O 3 45
10 Los Angeles O & T 2 U)
1000 Petroleum Center, b 90 o«
400 Reed Crude 35
250 Senator 35
200 Twenty-eight 165
Afternoon Session.
—Board—
100 Caribou 73
2000 Petroleum Center M
200 Sterling, b 90 1 23
200 Sterling 1 20
MINING BTOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session,
400 Con Cal & Va..l 85 300 Hale St Norcrs. 20
600 Hale & Norcrs. 19 100 Ophlr SI
Afternoon Session.
700 Best & Belcher 15 1000 Potoai 04
200 Chollar 03 j 300 Savage 06
750 Mexican 2G| 200 Union Con 13
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
¦ Morning Session.
100 Belcher of> 200,Ophir 81
100 Con Cal A Va..l 65 3CMJ Sierra Nevada, lv
800 Hale & Norcrs. 19 100 Yellow Jacket. 12
200 Mexican M
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Bclchor It I 1200 Ophir SO
100 Caledonia 21 1000 Potosl 04
100 Con Cal & V.I 62V 200 Sierra Nevada. In
300 Gould & Curry. OS 200 Sierra Nevada. 11
100 Mexican 20'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Nov. 22-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 02! Justice 01 OS
Alta 06 08 Kentuck — 02
Andes 01 03' Lady Wa»h 01 —
Belcher 05 06 Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher 14 15 Occidental 04 0$
Bullion 02 C3,Ophir 80 81
Caledonia 22 24 Overman 03 05
Challenge Con.. 16 lS.Potosl 04 05
Chollar 05 05 Savage 05 0«
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion — M
Con Cal & Va. .1 60 183 Seg Belcher.... 01 OS
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 10 11
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 32 3a
Crown Point... 02 04 St Louis 03 —
Eureka C0n.... 14 —Standard —3 9«
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 07 08 Union Con 12 1J
Hale & Norcrs. 13 2u Utah 01 02
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 11 13
BAY AND SIVT3B STEAMERS.
FOR U, S. NAVY YAR3 AND VALLEJ3
Steamers OKI FR13813 or MONTICELU
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30. p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. 'Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 150 S. Landing and
; office, pier 2. Mi««ion-»tre«t dock. HATCH
I BROS.
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL,
w 4 F .? rl f h ; D nv «- £ B Fraser & w. Stka
S /^cAUlster. :-h*o N E Jacobs. Chicago
H Z Osborne. Los An? J H Murray. Chicago
B J Turner. Hanford E Menel, Tahiti
R D King. Hanfor.l 'F M Hersey &w. 8 J
I N Bambsrger. NY G R«|| *w. Term
ieut », R c Bro , m . ley ' 5£ Mr J H Henry. S J*»
Mrs M Spauldins. N V Bessie Henry. 3 Jose
J A Graves. Los Ang J J Herman. Denver
E Strasburg. L Ang A J Ruffln. \' V
F A Garbutt. L Ang H L Howe. Carters
1 B Lankershim, L A Mlsi A Joiner. Stanld
H A Bullard. Ohio W B.tyly Jr. Stanford
C W Griggs, Tacoma C A Hedden. N' V
H S Griggs. Tacoma W A Steel. Seattle
C J Miller. Chicago T A Earner & w. Chgo
T Smith. St Paul E Carey & w. S Jose
C G Smith. Portland W V Snyder ft w. Colo
M R Craig. BakersSd F W Gridley & w.N 1
W T Smith. Elkc R B Srillvalo. Stanford
Miss Mannlns. Navada N P Williams. 11l
E C Gilman. Stanford Mrs N P. Williams. 11l
Mrs C H Gilman. Stnf'lliss R Williams. 11l
Miss M X Oilman, Stn [Master D Williams. 11l
Miss M Roberts. StnM H L Tibbett3, Boston
J G Carey. Chicago L Pfingstaar. N V
Mr Hanson & w. Cal W E Henry. San J<>«e
W P Hammcn. Orovl! B I Wheelsr & w.Berk
W W Middlecoff & w, J P Morton. USA
Stockton ¦ AC Smith. Omaha
Mrs Staples, San Jose W M Burgess, Omaha
W E Gerber ft rr. Sac
GRAND HOTEL. ' . -
W H Smith. Nome Miss A Hardlson. Stnf
Mrs D Holllster, Cal L A Book.«in & w. 9 J
Miss B HollUter. Cal Dr D Smith. Llvermre
C Edwards. Oakland J N Morton. Los An*
S .Tones. Alameda M Slegel. . New York
C Richardson. Colusa C C Baldwin. N V
Miss H Wldeman. Cal A H Tlrkell & w. N«v
E J Stanton. Los An*? F T Barn?.', Los An*
A MacFarland. Utah. J W W Barnes. L An(
R Farrell. >Tev Mrs J L Engle. Sulsun
Mrs J Wri-ht. Carson Mr» A P Church. Cal
W H Carell. Carson H T Lee. Denver
S P!att. Carson H I Gay. Stanford
Miss Platt. Care W S Blcksler. Denver
Miss Cavell. Carson F W Standart. Denver
G L Jones. Grass Val M M Harris A w. L A
W G Codman. Boston F R Rcnnele. Ml
M M O" Gorman. L Ang Miss?* Grohs. Auburn
W E Keith & w. S JselJ M Perry. Stockton
J F Eshelman. Seattle S T Smith, Chicago
S Cohn. El Rio G S Warfleld. Merced
J Walker. Watsonville D S Rous?. Riverside
G W Peltier. Sacto H Caper. New York
Mrs G W Peltier. Sao F D Wetherly. Boston
H H Weindieck. R Biff F R Pattee. Angels i
P E Holt. Stockton G Frost. Riverside
IB Lang & w. Stktn IB Harris. Los An*
C Dunyihy. C a ( . X J Scherrer. Chicago
Miss W H Dunphy, Cal J F Waterhouse, Gold-
Mrs F Hewlett. Napa I en Trout
R Thompson, Sta Cruz
RUS3 house. "'•;:;?*.
W H Baker. Cleveland T Longmore. Hoping
W H Barry. 3«cto J A Yoakatn Jr. Or
E Snider & sn, Dvsvll Jos Yoakam. Oregon
W Mllllnore. Nome Mrs E Yoakam. Or
C Papa. Red Bluff F F Porter. Honolulu
F M Todd, Berkeley L Cacti. Cotl«g« City
G A Crall. Mntvllle J W Hewitt Chicago
G S Bendh. Oakland M E Scott Chicago
W F Sullivan. Oakland J F Thoen A w Mrps«
H Cook Wash Dr H C Whiting. Cr»
Mrs F H Beal 4 dghtr. J Watson St w Chcgo
Seattle J Keechter Sonoma
G T Johnson. Seattle W W Walsh. Wash
E E Hopwood. Alaska E W Farrington. S LO
W F Strain, Chicago : B J Wade. St Thomas
D R Clvma. Penngton W J Stevans A w SJ««
A C Williams. Bode . O C L«a» A w, S Brd:t
.1 C Conlff. Gnd Rpds E J Matthews. Petlma
Mrs Chulck, S Rafael S X Jones. Petaluma
W M Jewles. Sacto G Adams, Chicago
E J Sammons. R Vista
NEW WESTERX HOTEL.
A R Mlllett. Sacto W H Storms Ngr Flla
H B Rouan, San Jose O J Smythe,' Seattle
C Smith. Sacto B Anderson & Darty at
R Husband. Los Ana; M. Honolulu
L E Sarbo. Chicago Capt Smith. Alaska
P Chettero, Chicago H M Goodwin. Sana
B Sarbo St d, Chicago 3 H Gyger, Nome
E Hitchcock & w.atlle B Wawaiole Buffalo
A Richard, w A d.PUdIB L Fisher. Alameds
J H Partland. S R. 1 ¦
OCEAK TitAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' L ' Steamers leave Broadway
j!^. . Wharf. San Francisco:
SaBK^ For Alaskan ports— ll a. m. ,
fjj^n>^. Nov -7. li IT. 22. 27. Dee. *•
PrHiarlM Change to company's steam-
¦^HllKa era at Seattle.
; KJrSi*^«3b ; For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
KBRTOffimj c.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
1 f I Tacoma. Everett and New
•Mlft Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
Nor »2. 7. 13. 17 22. 27. Dec. 3. Change at
Seattle" for this company's steamers for -*>;;»*»
a-.d G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma 'or N.
'Fot^EureVa * Humboldt Bay)-1:» ¦. m., Nor.
3> FV!an 'D : il'so"%torpins only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and R#-.10nc!.-, (Los An-
teles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 » m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesday,. i a •• «"•
For Lo» Angeles, calling "'Santo Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford «San
Luis Obispo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara. % en-
tura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and NeWport-Steamer .Corona. Saturdays,
9 For^nsenada. Magdalen* Bay. *»n Jose del
Cabo. Masatlan. Altata La Pa*. Santa ißw.
la and Qnayma. (Mex.)-10 a. m.. 7t& of emeh
m further Information obtain the company's
°The' company reserves the right to chanw
steamers, sailing day* and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICK FT nVWtr.K -4 New Montrom,rr
street (Pnlace Hotel I *.
QOODALL. PKKKINS A CO.. Oen. Agent*
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. i?, St /V. CO,
Only JEH«>*»«M»t»*»» Xj«x*« ««»
PORTLAND, Or v
AndShcrt Rail Lln-s from Portlan* to »*»
point* East. Throafth ticket* *?, «M
point*. nil pi»" *m» «*t-".-»i<«M2*fH Miff, at
ZiOWIBST ba.ti:s.
STBAMXB TICKET: IBCLCOS BESTHixI MSAU. x
PS. COLUMBIA Sails.... Nor. J*» Dec. 4, I*. 2*
S. QEO. W. ELDER ••• ¦
Sails Nov. 19. 89. Dec- 9. ». »
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. A*t.. 1 Montz'y. S. F.
TOYO KEEN KAISSA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at t p. na..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
doy of sailing. .
S.S. "... Wednesday, December 11. IMb
Wednesday. December 11. HOI
S.S AMERICA mart- r... _¦-
Saturday. January *, 1301
HONGKONG MART" a?*—- .
... Thursday. January 39. 1303
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. »or
freight «nd passage appl" at company's ofnes.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Genera! Agent.
AMERICAN line,
Of TOOK. aOT3T3AM?TO.I LOSDOW. PA 3IV
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays a* 10 a m.
Philadelphia ...Pec. « Philadelphia ....Dee. 23
Pt au Dec. V. St. Paul Jan. X
St Lcuis Dec. 18 Zeeland Jan. 9
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp*
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Zeeland Dec. <i»Vaderlan<J .....Dec. 2%
Frlesland Dec. Hi Kensington Jan. 1
Soutlrwark Dec. lSi"Zee!and Jan. S
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbotrad. '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana tie Vapores
To Valparaiso, shopping at Mexican. Central
and Scuth American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
PALENA Nov. 29ITUCAPEL .....Dee. a
CHILI.. Dec. 7IARSQUIPA ....Jan. 4
Thesa steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servlc-.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
! and passenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
Ocear.jCfr.sXO, assess
S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. Nov. 23. I p. m.
S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti „.
Nov. 29, 10 a. m.
S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. Dec. 5. 10 *. m.
1 B.SPSESKELS & BROS. CO., Banerai Agents. 127 tort* 5t
Cen'l Pawns* «**. 843 fbrtat St, fly If a. !. Pacific St * .
PANAMA R. R. 'u"T
TO NEW YORK. VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 1103; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S.S. Argyll satis Saturday, De;. 7
S. S. Lcelanow sails
*>. S. Argyll sails
j From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10.) it ! p. a.
' Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
j F. F. CONNOR. Paclflc Coast Agent.
! COXPAffinS GENERAL-: - TRANSATLAHTIQIIS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j*kv_.
Sailing every Thursday. instead of iOUSZT*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havri. $70 and. upward. Second
' class to Havre, 145 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson - buildlng>. New
i York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific . Coaat
i Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Franclf c*.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket As«mM.
1516
A Hat that has made lots of friends among the smart set LgVfiJ
I THE FLORODORA. SB-
u . TCotice the graceful curve of the brim? Notice the dip in iS
Im front? Notice the upturn in the back of the hat? Why, it's ' Is .
just as smart as anything' can be; the demand has assumed If
! almost a craze. It's the new hat, and It's the becoming; hat W •
' Suppose you look at It to-day In our big and popular c
hat department. In colors, black, steel and hazel, and these I
are the three swell shades, and our price Is half what ex- I
• S elusive hatters will charge you for the same hat. D
V '"W THIS EVENING OUR HAT DEPARTMENT IS OPEN $&&&>
/ iV/\ril/\r s l I* INC
jfl .. COT KeArnyJ+. S* Union Jouare Aye. ||
ALIMONY CASE
PUZZLES COURT
Judge Hunt Takes Time
to Study Point
Raised.
Judge Hunt refused to make an order
yesterday allowing Mrs. L. A Shadbourne
alimony, pendente lite, until it had been
determined whether or not she was really
the wife of Shadbourne. Shadbourne Is
suing for an annulment of marriage, al
leging in his complaint that when he mar
ried the defendant In 1899 she was the
wife of T. G. Carpenter. Mrs. Shadbourne
in her answer denied the allegation,
claiming that the purported marriage be
tween herself and Carpenter was a con
tract affair. She further claims that she
never was the wife of Carpenter, because
at the time the contract o£ marriage wa»
made Carpenter had a wife living, an*
that he was not divorced from this wife
until June, 1898, four years after the de
fendant in the case at bar had contracted
to live with him as his wife.
Walter J. Hamilton, who appeared, be
fore Judge Sea well yesterday on an or
der to show cause why he should not bo
puniFhed for contempt for failure to paj»
Grace Hamilton, his former wife, 110 per
month alimony, satisfied the court that
his failure to comply with the order of
the court was due to the fact that he
did not have the money. He gave his
wife, who was present in court, J5, all the
money he had, and promised that in the
future he would do better.
Judge Seawell also considered <he ap
plication for alimony of Jennie M. Klap
perich. who is being sued for divorce by
John J. Klapperich. The application was
supported by affidavits. A decision will
be rendered to-day.
Dennis V. Toboai did not appear before
Judge Seawell yesterday to give any rea
son for his failure to pay alimony, as or
dered by the court. He was notified that
if he did not appear Monday he would
be punished for contempt.
William F. Osborne was granted a di
vorce from Agnes Osborne yesterday Os
borne was married to the woman . from
whom he was freed yesterday at Grand
Rapids, Mich. They lived happily, Os
borne said yesterday, until his wife took
to Christian Science. He said his wife
left him in 1899 and went East, and has
eince, though frequently asked to do bo
refused to return to him.
Decrees of divorce were also granted
yesterday to Mary F. Joseph from Wil
liam F. Joseph for failure to provide
Emma E. Landershut was divorced from
Reginald Landershut for failure to pro
vide, and Hattle Nelson from Albin E
kelson for extreme cruelty.
Millers Fear Finn Invasion.
T^ANAIMO. B. C, Nov. 22.-Excitement
hae Deen caused in local industrial circle-?
by the announcement in a Finnish pawer
that the Wel'.l lgton Coal Company will
take all the Finlander* it can get aa
workers in the mines ay Extension. There
Is no dearth of labor liere, the mine dis
e-sters having thrown many men out of
work. Many men are working for board
at outdoor employment while waiting to
ret their places agaiii The Finnish pa
per circulates largely in Finland and ( n
low-wage centers In the Eastern States.
Immigration of chenp laborers which
would demoralize the market Is feared a«
a result of the announcement. In which
tMe editor personally guarantees work to
8.11 comers.
Chamberlain's Health Endangered.
LONDON. Nov. 22 —The friends of Jo
»eph Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary,
have for some time been concerned In re
gard to his health. To-day Chamberlain
wrote to the Handeworth School declin
ing to distribute prizes at that institu
tion, because, as he said, "it Is absolutely
necessary for me to confine myself to dud
lc work."
Hays Receives Rsappointment.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— Sir Charles Rivers
"Wilson, president of the Grand Trunk
Railway, announced to-day that Charles
M. Hays has been reappointed general
manager of that road.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Nov. 22.— Dr. J. C.
Scarborough, one of the best-known phy
sicians of Arizona, died to-day from pneu
monia.
\^ JJ Powder
-^W Absolutely P we
Makes the finest flavored, most delicious food
iOYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILUAM 8T V NEW YORK, .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LEAVES SOFIA
WITHOUT ORDER
Consul General Dickin
son Puzzles State
Officials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— Consul
General Dickinson has mystified the State
Department by his departure from Sofia.
Bulgaria, to Constantinople. He notified
Secretary Hay of his departure from the
capital of Bulgaria, but failed to give a
reason for this move.
The effect of his return to Constantino
ple is to leave the United States without
official representation in Sofia and the
result will probably be to delay the liber
ation of Miss Stone. The authorities are
hopeful that the missionaries in Bulgaria
who have been acting as intermediaries
with the brigands holding Miss Stone
captive will not relax their efforts to se
cure her release.
Dickinson has incurred considerable
criticism by his departure from Sofia at
this moment. No orders have been given
him to return, as the department says his
move may be due to the belief of the
Consul that he can be of more service in
Constantinople. As Secretary Eddy of
the American legation has, however, been
ably handling the case at Constantinople
it is said that Dickinson can do nothing:
at the Turkish caolMl.
SOFIA, Nov. 22.-«bnsul General Dick
inson, the diplomatic agent here of the
United States, started to-day for Constan
tinople, there to confer with Spencer
Eddy, secretary of the United States lega
tion, as to the best means of hastening a
solution In the deadlock which has arisen
in the negotiations over the release of
Miss Stone.
Dickinson will probably return here
bringing with him cash with which to pay
Mm Stone's ransom, as her kidnaper's
insist that this payment shall be made
In Turkish gold. The Consul General is
considering the advisability of present
ing an ultimatum to the brigands in
which he will fix ten days as the period
within which £10.000 must be accepted by
the brigands as Miss Stone's ransom. If
this proposal is not accepted by her cap
tors all deaJings with the bandfits, so lar
as the United States is concerned will
cease.
If these conditions have not already
been dictated by Dickinson, the ultima
tum comprising them will almost certain
ly be delivered as soon as the American
diplomatic agent returns from Constanti
nople.
According to information here, both
Miss Stone and Madame Tsilka continue
in good health. They are concealed In a
large village near Dubnitza, whither they
were taken blindfolded, and where only
rude comforts are obtainable. A later re
port, however, according to the statement
of a person who arrived from Dubnitza
last night, is that the captives have been
removed from a village near Dubnitza to a
point near the frontier, and that Miss
Stone eot wet while crossing the river
Struma,
Austrian Parliament Is Divided.
VIENNA, Nov. 22.— Addressing a con
ference of Austrian party leaders to-day,
Dr. Kooeber, the Premier, declared it im
perative to have a workable Parliament.
He appealed to the different parties not to
drag the Reichsrath in the dust. "A
speedy passage of the budget is a consti
tutional and a national necessity " said
the Premier, "and the position of no
party could be prejudiced by co-opera
tion for that end. Unless this end is at
tained a fresh appeal to the constitu
encies will become inevitable." Some of
the leaders promised to assist the Gov
ernment, but the Czechs appear to remain
obdurate, and without their assistance a
Government majority is impossible
Teamster Struck by a Car.
Philip Reilley, a teamster living at 575
Eighth street, was injured last night at
the corner of Steuart and Mission streets
it 1b supposed, by an electric car. He was
found wandering around the street with
a deep gash in hie head. He had been
driving a wagon and it is supposed that
he was thrown off In a collision with a
car. He was taken to the Harbor Emer
gency Hospital and later to the Central
Emergency Hospital. His skull was tre
phined and little hope was entertained
for his recovery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1901.
COLOMBIAN INSURGENTS
ADVANCING ON PANAMA
General Alban, Leader of the Federal Forces, Is Re
ported to Have Been Defeated With Heavy
Loss in Battle at Chorrera.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
COLON, Colombia, Nov. 22.—Revolu
tionists are in control along the
Panama Railroad up to within two
miles of Panama. An attack on
the troops of that city is Immi
nent, for General Domingo Diaz is now
at Empire station, which is thirteen miles
from Panama, with a force of 1100 revolu
tionists.
Panama is awaiting important develop
ments. Residents are anxious, but quiet
still prevails in the port, in spite of the
strong undercurrent of feeling.
Whether General Alban's troops have
been seriously repulsed by the intrenched
insurgents at Chorrera is not definitely
known, though reports reached here that
a part of Alban's force which had gone
to Chorrera by sea had been surprised by
the rebels soon after landing and had
been badly defeated.
The report was that of 900 men General
Alban saved only a remnant, including
twenty-seven officers, and that the survi
vors sought refuge on Government ves
sels. The other part of Alban's force,
which went overland from Mlraulores, is
Bald to have deserted and joined the in
eurgent army. Later advices modify this
early report, particularly as to General
Alban returning to Panama last evening
on the gunboat Boica with a party of
wounded soldiers and then going back to
Chorrera early this morning to resume
operations against the revolutionary
army.
Sufficient information has come to show
that there has beeen severe fighting at
Chorrera, and that the battle was con
tinued to-day. It is announced by the
insurgents that one of their leaders, Gen
eral Victorlano Lorenzo, with 1500 men, Is
advancing toward Chorrera from Peno
nome, which is about twenty-five miles
away from the former place. General
Herrara, a Liberal chief, reports that
there is another force of insurgents,
about 600 men, near Panama.
Asks for More Marines.
Secretary Arjona, who is in charge of
the Government In Panama during the
absence of General Alban, has requested
Captain Perry of the United States bat
tleship lowa to land marines. He re
ceived a reply from Captain Perry that
the present situation in Panama did not
Justify such proceedings.
Secretary Arjona is working hard to
keep the city in the posseGsion of the
Government. There are many sympa
thizers and supporters o£ the Liberal
cause in Panama. The insurgents say
that the important Pacific coast point
of Buena Ventura is now in their pos
session. The town, it is reported, was
taken by assault. Buena Ventura is
about 400 miles south of Panama,
Colon under the new regime continues
tranquil. The insurgent troops here num
ber more than 400, as many recruits have
been armed with rifles captured from
the Government force.
All of the principal stations along the
Panama Railroad near Colon are being
watched by large revolutionary bands.
The Provisional Government In Colon
has begun to reduce the heavy duties.
The commercial tax has been reduced 10
per cent and other financial measures are
being changed. It is the aim of the Lib
eralists also to strike the salt monopoly.
Dr. Campillo has been appointed Prefect.
Senor Espriella, counsel for the Panama
Railroad, had been selected for the office,
but declined it. Dr. Campillo is now or
ganizing the police force. Senor Silas has
been appointed Mayor.
A cablegram was received yesterday an
nouncing that General Uribe-Uribe will
arrive In Colon on November 28.
The arrival of General Lugo, who has
been with the insurgents at Chorrera, Is
expected here. It was supposed he would
reach Colon to-day.
The United States gunboat Marietta has
not yet arrived at this port.
Trains are running regularly over the
isthmian railway. All stores are open in
Colon.
America's Stand Justified.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— Herran, the
Colombian Charge d' Affaires, has received
. . .
RIOTERS RULE
OVER SOLDIERY
Authorities in Athens
Unable to Suppress
Students.
ATHENS, Nov. 22.— The turbulent dem
: onstrations here growing- out of the pro
: posal to translate the gospels into mod-
I crn Greek were continued to-day in the
! streets, especially in front of the Chamber
¦ of Deputies and before the university.
, There were many ugly rushes. The mlll
! tary are finding difficulty in controlling
the rioters.
The meeting of the Chamber of Depu
ties to-day was marked by a series of
violent altercations. At noon it was an
' nounced that the Government, to preserve
i order, had prevented the Ministers from
j attending the Chamber of Deputies, but
1 that they would attend to-morrow and
i move a vote of want of confidence. In
| the absence of a quorum the Chamber
¦ adjourned.
In the course of the afternoon the grow
ing crowds and the increasing excitement
heralded the hour for the funeral of the
victims of the riot. The bulk of the
troops were confined to the barracks.
; The shops along the route were closed by
police orders.
Burial of the Victims.
At 5 o'clock the cortege left the ca
: thedral for the cemetery, dense crowds
I following. The seven coffins, covered with
white flags, were preceded by students
! carrying a black banner. The procession
j halted for some minutes before the pal
i ace, but no cries were raised. The popu
; lace, going to and returning from the
I cemetery, maintained a silent, restrained
demeanor. At the cemetery M. J_.evedis
delivered an oration, in the course of
which he attacked the Government and
declared that the people ought to erect a
monument over the "victims of duty and
patriotism."
The city resumed its normal aspect as
the evening wore on. The students, how
ever, still remain In occupation of the
university. The rector, at the head of
thirty professors, endeavored to persuade
them to retire, but they declined to com
ply unless given guarantees that no legal
proceedings would be taken against them,
that the translators of the gospel would
be excommunicated and the university
would not be occupied by troops.
Metropolitan Broken-Hearted.
It seems that the resignation of the
Metropolitan of Athens, Procopius Oeco
nimidis, was very dramatic. The Minis
ter of Public Worship, M. Stais, visited
him during the night and told him that
the King and the Government desired
him to resign. At first the Metropolitan
refused. He was then taken to see the
Premier, M. Theokotis, after which all
three went to the palace at 1 o'clock in
the morning. As a result of the interview
with the King the Metropolitan resigned,
weeping and broken-hearted.
M. Theokotis had a narrow escape
when his life was attempted. He dis
played the greatest courage and forbade i
his friends to fire on his assailants. The I
gates at the residence bear marks of |
seven bullets.
Teshara Granted a New Trial.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 22.— The Supreme
Court to-day granted Joseph Teshara a
new trial. Teshara was convicted of com
plicity in the murder of G. D. Loucks
nearly three years ago. Yesterday the
Supreme Court refused a new trial to
Manuel Amaya, convicted of the same
crime.
another cablegram from General Arjona,
the acting Governor of Panama, stating
that an immediate attack on that city by
the Liberals is not apprehended and that
all is now quiet in the vicinity.
It is ¦ the opinion of the Colombian offi
cials here that the Government gunboat
General Pinzon, which left Colon after the
occupation of that town by the Liberals,
has gone to Cartagena for troops .to re
inforce the Government on the isthmus,
and they expect to return very soon with
sufficient force to change the . aspect of
affairs there.
The answer of the Colombian Govern
ment to the representations of Consul
General Gudger, to the effect that the
Government was unable to guarantee the
integrity of ¦ the railway communication
across the Isthmus, was purposely de
veloped in order to make plain the fact
that the United States was perfectly justi
fied in landing its forces at Colon. With
this formal acknowledgment of the Co
lombian Government of its inability to
maintain communication it becomes, it is
said, not the privilege but the duty of the
United States, under the treaty of , New
Granada, to guarantee that communica
tion, even though the use of force is. nec
essary, It is not intended to interfere be
tween factions, Conservative or Liberal,
unless a faction places itself in the posi
tion of obstructing the purpose of the
United States to keep the Panama Rail
road free to traffic. "
Reyes to Become President.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 22.— General Os
pina ; late Minister of War of Colombia,
states that in all probability matters will
be arranged whereby General Reyes will
return to accept the Presidency of Colom
bia. General Ospina brings with him a
letter from San Clemente, the legal Presi
dent, now confined by the actual Presi
dent, Marroquin, tendering his resigna
tion. . i
General Reyes last night received a
cablegram from Marroquin saying that he
intended to resign and asking General
«eyes to assume the office.
General Garces, who Is here in the in
terest of the revolutionary party, says
n n ral RRese >' es is entirely acceptable to
an but a few of the violent partisans.
.me. me proposition is to place General Reyes
in office, declare a general amnesty and
make up a Cabinet composed of all the
various factions. This, it is believed,
would end the revolution.
Colon May Be Burned.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Advices received
by the Panama Railroad and Steamship
Company from their agents at Colon
stated th at , all was Quiet and f -hat the
norther having passed steamers had re
turned to port, having ridden out the
storm without accident.
The officials of the company fear that
ir General Alban after the fight at Chor
"*** attempts to retake Colon the place
is likely to be burned and property worth j
millions destroyed. They Bay that dur- i
Vy? Ptu lns V rrectJon of a dozen years ago I
the Liberals and Conservatives had a •
ngnt at Colon and the place was burned.
™ that ° ccasl Captain McCalla, then
commanding a United States warship at
Colon, was asked to land his marines to
protect me property of Americans. He
promised to do so after his men had
breakfasted on shipboard, but while they
were dining the town was set on fire and
property worth $3,000,000 destroyed. Men
from the Machias are now guarding prop
erty of Americans at Colon •
Consul General Arturo D. ; Brigard of
Colombia received- a cablegram to-day
from General Charles Alban, Governor of
l^\ sP^rtm5 P^ rtm^ nt of Panama. The cable
stated that General Alban , would attack
the insurgents^ under General Domingo
Diaz to-day at Chorrera, and Alban prom
ised if successful in routing them, to pro
ceed to Colon and retake that city The
Consul General regapds the outcome of
to-day fight as highly important. If
General Diaz should be the victor the en
tire isthmus will be in the hands of the
Liberal insurgent party.
To-Night Only
FROM 8 O'CLOCK TO 10:30
WILL SELL OUH REGULAR
?I.SOWOMEIN'S UNDERSKIRTS.
made of Black and White Striped
Mercerized Italian Silkeen, cut
very wide, lined, accordeon plaited
ruffle and trimmed with rows of
black pinked ruching. On sale
between above* hours at. :--^f\
•••..: 7UC
DAY SPECIALS.
HERE'S A FEW OF 'EM
| tucked, hemstitched and other latest et-
rects. Your choice of the «£ O T
lot 3>2£«<o
S3».^SU v *Vl!..^ *• $2.25
$2.39 8M&B? q «I TT F s RE ? o c H e
trimmed with hemstitching and very lat-
l!L^i%T eta; simllar walst^ sell
All Waists on "sale are lined throughout
and come In all the latest colors, includ-
£ g t ic Ck: buttoned front or back; sizes
6c tO 46.
>n^« h w e abo . ut 10 dozen left of our regu-
lar 75c Women's Mercerized Sateen xc"
A\alsts. On sale to-day 4OC
$4.T«> "WOMEN'S DRESS SKIRTS.
PlntT. „ mad S of 5 n S uaJlt y Venetian
Cloth, new graduated flare flounce neat-
ly trimmed with bands of Stitched Satin
or Silk: sold elsewhere at $7.
GL f^ O£L WOMEN S RAINY DAT
¦VjPZ^y SKIRTS/ made of flne' Golf.
Cloth, nlald back, trimmed with many
rows of tailor stitching; our regular J4.80
quality. .•• . ¦ .
WRAPPER SALE.
fiOir WOMEN'S FLANNEL WRAP-
¦ uuv PERS, the same kind you usu-
ally pay Jl for.
$1 fiQ WRAPPERS, made of best
*jj«.«tr -an heaviest German Flan-
nelette; waist and .sleeves lined; styl-
; ishly made and: trimmed; skirt with
deep flounce; sold elsewhere $2.25. ; ,
¦TRr* ALL-WOOL EIDERDOWN
C UV/ DRESSING SACQUES; air col-
ors and sizes; our usual Jl quality. '.
THIS IS CORSET DAY.
I 25 per cent discount for any make, ' style
or quality you may ask for. besides our
usual guarantee of wearing the , corset you
buy 30 days, if then not satisfactory bring
it back and we'll refund your money. .
TO-DAY'S PRICES.
35c for any 60c Corset In the house.
CWk; for. any 75c Corset In the house. •
7.% c for any $1.00 Corset In the house. ¦
jfl.OO for any $1.25 Corset in the house. ¦
J1.50 for any $2.00 Corset in the house.
K2.iM» for any $2.50 Corset In the house.
$2.28 for any $3.00 Corset in the house.
100 dozen WOMEN'S HOSE, made of goo.l
Cotton; Hermsdorf Dye; double Heel and
Toe; 20c quality. On ga1e.....,' lfti»
. ........,*...". : IjCi2\*
"women's. all-wool • cashmere
HOSE; , sold everywhere 25c - pair. -- On
. sale to-day at ; IQc
CHILDREN'S HEAVY OR FINE RIBBED
COTTON HOSE, double Knee. Heel and
Toe;- sizes 6 to 10; good 20c l()l/>
value. On 5a1e.... ...... Pair I-i^C
'S} WERE OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL 11
O'CLOCK. ,
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
. Between Taylor and Jones.
Hole's. . | __i___si!iu^^ [....-'.-^.-^.-.^'-.-^S^ 6 ! 8 -.^-,-'^^^
r^SC //*7/ /s=s» £7£fi7 k m..i,.» StPMt » «2 SEE THE TURKEY TRAGtDY ».
fSSC /£&/ /E¥f *5X37 I ih.-i,..* st^rt SEE THE TURKEY TRAGtDY
S&£izJ*Ml~z&HSrf /M/ ' Market Street, ON THIRD FLOOR.
Xg^^gwagS^Kßr J^^^v /"¥/ -<pqk; - djW' near Sixth, it's a Thanksgiving parody. Thp life
v 1" Open To-Night ' BfßMfe ,
And Every Saturday Night Till Xmas. lllki^^^^Wkf J.J&
We had to do this. You were bo anxiou? to see what we've done for Christmas, you «gp^^ I^^^ 53^^ , Mr**
all wouldn't get a chance If some of you didn't begin now. To lend a double Interest to "*B^^feB^^aß» *>««*'s< 1 IS^rtjf^**-.
the occasion we'll give ... • --^wJKSiBWwHWk.
FREE TO EVERY CHILD i^WiHi
who visits the toy store (3d floor) after 7 o'clock with an adult, a coop of animals— and " ) "^^^^^,€o%^
puppies, cat and kittens, hen and chickens, rabbit and bunnies, monkey and two little ones / •'itafc??->'JS
that will all go in a coop through a door that opens and shuts— and when they get In there t» J **V^i
they stand up. too. Great thing for the children; 2000 of 'em. Free for the asking— Cd floor. T £Sfwl4J»^J'
(Concert second floor to-night by Messrs. Rosebrook and Dewey with cornet and piano). >* T^a^gf >*| ejMt
Women's soc Underwear 35c. GlRL d'.i % Wss
Heavy ribbed, natural gray, wool mixed vests or pants. 1 I VC v - ;^^? Mit^f%'^ *
The vests have hlgn necks, long sleeves, gusseted arms, •• :•/¦ ' , >.* . •.¦a>«f
silk finish, pearl buttons, covered seams. The pants with D^k*«w»^*« ¥-1 ~4- ~
French yoke bands, wide laps In the back, shaped and OCSVCT I3.LS.
narrowed ankles, sizes for every one— 4, 5, 6. A regular 50c :i; :• *~ * * -**».«-*j
s^rment on sale to-day f of the first time. 35c. <£*^ £\
CHTT.D'S 25c TJxmBKRWEAR. 18c.-Heavy ribbed, natural Untrimmed, U)2.3U*
gray, fleece lined, vests or pants, splendidly made and finished. uninmincu, v^cv^vt
; S^K-gips *-»-»--gs * % —— .#-£5. g*af «?f» .11 'iff. SZe&S*
Women's l 2 k Hose 9c. " tor *""¦ T ~-^_ ¦
¦.-. They are the identical stockings we've got in stock at Dozens of folks have been waiting tor this an-
I 2} 2 c, but the boxes got hurt a little on the train coming nouncement. That snows you how popular these hats
hurt?ne e th« U h™ 5nH i° e s >, not , 5S uCh . tl l , lr usefulness; are— and how scarce. This extra demand has sent
pHces 9c in°ste e |d d of S hUrt the stockin * s ' on * the prices skyward. The lowest we know of them in the
They are seamless, good heavy weight, longer and more elastic city 15 $3-75- Yet We ask you no royalty. Competi-
than usual, shaped and 1 narrowed foot and ankle, double heels tion doe » ft affect our p / ice ?- We buy in ? ew Y ° r h
and toeai 8V 2 to 10; 1200 pairs that can't be bought In the regu- on OeS ? l atte " , P nce ?- vv c DUV in -; ew * or *
lar way under I2v£c, on sale to-day for 9c. - first hand, pay the least prices and ask only a small
WOMEN'S 25c >¦ " s. r HJO-i\rED HOSE 10c-Biack Maco commission for the transaction
cotton, medium weight, long and elastic? double soles, heels • «52 *"YJ
and toes; Bto 10; our regular 25c stocking 19c UUTItT TYI iYI'Xi.U, Jp.A.ot».
MISSES' T. A (TE OPKNTWOBK HOSE 25c PATR-lfs one TRIMMED, $3.25— set off with 7-inch all-silk
of the newest stockings and one every one was trying to get. . rr 4 •!!„„
They came Juat in the nick of time for this announcement. tatteta nDDOn. —m™
Of lisle thread, solid open work from ankle to top: colors black ™™^^
• pink, blue and red; sizes 6to 84. . ' 50c Cans /^ _1 J\ (** +mr\> r% *-%-%
SHORT Anyvo Theatrical WO I Q WlWcilll.
' jj||S| ¦ Walking SkirtS, Th hold a quarter of a pound.
I^keSsßl ' - - <feZ% -rv— To-day for the first time. It's such a £
ilSf: WoPth * 7 - 50 ' *or $2.95. good cream and so much used that we 1
T~tMM\ AT IWOOl WOOT S r'% 2 A o rT^r\ ?f expect this price wiU make the bbesti ** est 'fSSJ'
t^^^iiij ished at the bottom, with 12 deep identical cans sold everywhere at 50c. >^gn
'y\2sssl rows of tailor stitching. Oxford One house in town has got it as low as *V „ '^"^
/SB *lhinkofit? nd broWri ' $ 295!2 ' 95! 45c, but to-day we mark it 30c.
m^\ ' I How theArel^T Is it any won- T™ I**1 ** ,, S ° a P' 25C fl BB ° X «
Baft /I 111 j ; der? So sensible! So scarce! So lhe w ell-known Savon violette toilet
EUS/I I cheap! Women have been half starved soap, highly perfumed; 3 cakes in a *)
Wjjmi ! or them A shrewd Chicago firm box, and it's a pretty box, too. 25c. . -vifcv - v *"
Wjraii |!i thought to make money by cornering _.. . ... . __ /TK^j^V
11 m y the market in golf cloth. Toilet Water, 25c, Jgaßa
HSHk^'^ll at ' s OU , of the \ as now ' Violet blanc— an extra quality in a J%M&W
m r i^?p^sip o ?u?t< ss s* rt lh A exquisite to " ct artlc " mW-
>s^Wß£* ]eft at a loss— so will you, if you're \j2g?#^
Iliiyi^ bright— s2.9s instead' of $7.50. "> ° U PERFUME. 15c A BOTTLE.-In a
Kk£seP>^ Two others- fancy box. It's a da'nty little bottle,
iSiliiP^ «« d l otners. Quite the thing: for cnirdren
i|P*|£2 S3 and pray - made S from materfals tha^usu'aliy BRISTLE HAIR BRUSHES. 25c— An _j(^^Ss.
lr^-vT^ Sell - from $5 - * 6 75> * 7 Finished with excellent quality, maple wood backs. <*&
P^?sl s4^^^^m^v^ cbt ' i> B "^rfe C t?e M^ S ' 10C Rubber ' flneand J^Js
lU-! jHOi! I L>l±tC U J-'A-JH. I LO UNCE — Flat pocket ¦ ' ." ' W^K
JV^=S3 on the side. Oxford gray, all lengths. M VIOLET PERFUME. 15c.-An ounce -^
10 *~ ' bottle, with a glass stopper.
UTAH DESPERADO
IN SHASTA'S JAIL
Officers Make a Good
Catch in Arresting
Frank Moran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Nov. 22. — Frank Moran,
Michael Graz and E. M. Silva were exam
ined on a charge of robbery before Jus
| tice Herzinger to-day and held for trial
; In the Superior Court, with bail at $3000
: each. The men are accused of having
J robbed Harry Conway, a miner, near
! Castella, on the night of October 29. Con-
I way had fed the three men in Baker City,
Or., and had seen them In Dunsmuir. Con-
I way boarded a freight train and went to
! sleep on a pile of ties In a box car. He
! was awakened by a blow on the head, and
found each of the three men he had be
friended covering him with a pistol. They
took his gold watch and other valuables,
but overlooked $100 in coin. While they
I were debating whether to kill Conway be
' fore throwing him off the train he
i crawled to the door of the car and leaped
! out. The train was running slowly and
he was not injured. The robbers fired two
shots at him, but both missed. The three
criminals were caught by Redding officers
; after a hard chase.
Moran's Record in Utah.
OGDEN, Nov. 22.— During the latter port
of October ex-Policeman Fred Meisner
read in a press dispatch rrom California
the account of the robbery of Harry Con-
I way near Redding, Cal. The name of one
of the captured robbers, Frank Moran,
attracted Meisner's attention and he be
gan an investigation that ended in the
I identifying of Moran as one of the most
desperate criminals that has ever been in
Utah. His record here forms an interest-
I ing story.
Frank Sinclair, alias Moran, and a com- |
panion named Frank Hamilton were re
leased from the Utah penitentiary on
i June 22, 1894. They came immediately to
Ogd,en and engaged rooms in the Windsor
Hotel. Early on the morning of January
24, 1894, the two convicts effected an en
trance to the Swan residence in Ogden.
They went into a room on the lower floor
| occupied as a sleeping apartment by Mrs.
I Alexander Swan. When Mrs. Swan
| awoke the burglars told her not to be
i frightened, but to disclose the wherabouta
of jewelry and other valuables and they
would not kill her. Their voices aroused
William Swan, who occupiea an apart
ment on the second floor. He arose to in
| vestlgate and just as he got to the head
of the stairway he saw the robbers stand
ing in the lower doorway. He shot at
them with his revolver and they returned
the fire. In all eight shots were fired, but
none took effect.
Policeman (Jives Battle.
Moran and Hamilton left the residence
and ran to the corner of Twenty-second
street and Adams avenue. Here they met
George Durbrow and demanded his val
uables. They took some money and a
gold watch from him and then went south
on Adams street to Twenty-fifth, where
they encountered Fred Meisner, who was
! then a policeman and was just going
heme. They demanded his money, but
instead of complying Meisner sprang be
hind a post and they commenced shoot
ing. They fired four or five shots, one of
which entered Meisner's right ankle and
another grazed his neck. Meisner fired
two shots at the thieves and the two ran
south on Adams street, followed by Meis
ner, who was soon obliged to cease the
pursuit on account of his wound.
Police Captain Brown, who was going
to his home on Twenty-sixth street,
heard the shots and saw the men run
ning down Adams street. He followed
them and captured Hamilton in an out
building on Twenty-seventh street On
his way back he saw Moran standing on
To-Day's News Letter.
"We Want the Chinese" is the subject I
of i a vigorous editorial jin to-day's j News |
Letter, in which that paper takes a bold,
unequivocal stand for the repeal ': of the
Chinese : exclusion law. It has some
lighter things, among them opinions from
leading 1 people as to "How » Hell Will
Look," a very clever, amusing article. I
"The Lyre of the Limerick" is a collec- j
tion of verses ¦"•> written ¦in the v peculiar
style expressed ;In I the title. Betsy > Bird
has a fund of Interesting gossip ; of the
people you ; like >to read • about. The Look- I
er-On has, among other bright stories,
an unpublished one (rather risque) about
Sybil-Sanderson: The history of an un
known comic opera by Wagner is given
for the first .' time, • and ' the Town ri Crier
puncture SET v a bubble of conceit - and
fraud, .- Jrs^~ .-; '. _; ¦—- »
COLONY SCHEME
TO BE REVIVED
Topolobampo Co-opera
tive Concern Talked
of Again.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Texas, Nov. 22.— The Topolo
bampo Co-operative Colony scheme Is to
spring to life once more. Henry Prem
bert, a member of the original colony, and
who still resides at Topolobampo, Mexico,
was here to-day on his way to New York
to consult with Colonel A. K. Owen, the
promoter of the scheme.
It is stated that since the building of
the Kansas City, Mexico and Orient Rail
road to Topolobampo is assured, English
capitalists have become interested in
Colonel Owens' scheme and that the old
debts of the colony are to be removed and
an effort will be made to obtain from the
Mexican Government a renewal of the
valuable concession which the colony at
one time held for extensive lands and port
facilities at Topolobampo. The Topolo
bampo co-operative colony was started
about fifteen years ago. It was to be con
ducted on the Bellamy plan. Several hun
dred colonists endured great privation,
and almost starvation, before they could
make their way back to their ojd homes
in the United States. A few of*the colo
nists held off and are hopeful of the pres
ent plans of the revival of the scheme be
ing successfully carried out.
TWO OLD MEN VICTIMS
OF LOVE FOR UQTJOjR
Drink Wood Alcohol by Mistake and
Are Found Dead in a
Cabin.
SALINAS, Nov. 22.— John Howland.
aged 77 years, and Samuel Ratcliffe. aged
6 years, pioneer residents of the Sur
country, were found dead in the former' s
cabin on the Little Sur yesterday. An in
vestigation instituted to learn the cause
of their demise brought out the fact that
it was due to love for alcoholic stimulants
and failure to discrimnate between good
liquor and plain "firewater." A jug of
wood alcohol, half empty, was found near
the outstretched bodies. Evidently the
two old men had drunk copiously of the
poisonous fluid. They had been dead a
week before their bodies were found.
Find No Proof of Crime.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 22.— District Attor
ney Williams, Coroner Clark and the
Deputy Sheriffs who went to Capistrano
yesterday to investigate the report that
a boy had been beaten to death, returned
this morning. The body was exhumed and
an inquest held. No bones were found to
be broken and aa the body was decom
posed no evidence against the person sus
pected was obtained and the Coroner
rendered a verdict of death by natural
causes.
Reward for Murderer's Capture.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 22.— The County
Court to-day offered a reward of $500 for
the arrest and conviction of the murder
er of James B. Morrow, the young man
who was found dead on the sidewalk near
his home yesterday morning. No arrests
have yet been made.
the corner of Twenty-sixth street and
Adams avenue, but Moran managed to
escape for a time. He was afterward lo
cated in a room at the Windsor, but ran
out in the railroad yards, where he was
captured by Conductor "Jack" Leahy* and
turned over to Chief Davenport and other
officers.
The two men were Indicted on February
27, 1894, on three charges — robbery, bur
glary and assault with intent to kill
They were tried on the charge of bur
glary, convicted and sentenced on April
19, 1894, to serve twelve years in the Utah
Penitentiary.
Identification Is Complete.
Melsner. when he saw the account of
the California crime, wrote to Warden
Dow and learned that Hamilton had es
caped in 1897, but that Moran had been
released in February of this year hav
ing served his time, less the allowance
for good conduct. Meisner then wrote
to the officers of Shasta County, Califor
nia, and sent a photograph of Moran In
return he has received a letter from
Thomas B. Dozier, District Atorney at
Redding, declaring that the California
criminal and the Utah convict are identi
cal and asking for the record, so that
the prior convictions may serve in length
ening Moran'a term in the California
prison, — .
!IW<S
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Granulated Best Cane SUGAR, 22* lbs. sl.oo *
Extra Dry. Spreckels' Best. "
NUTS (N- w Crop) Paper Shsll Almonds,lb ISa
Walnuts. Filberts, Pecans. Reg. 20c Ib. "
Choice POINT REYES BUTTER, square. .37»e
One square 4Oc. 2 squares TSc.
I Extra sDecial. Reg. 45c.
FINEST CREAMERY, Our Special, square 450
Regular soc. : ¦ ¦ . • ¦
Best L. Bros.' Brand EASTERN HAMS, Ib 130
Picnic Hams lO^e. Our Hams are sugar-
cured and every Ham is Guaranteed.
SWEET WINES ! (Vintage '1 893), qt tot . . 25c
. Port. Sherry, Angelica. Reg. 40c and 30c.
[Limit 4 Bottles.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen .\ . . .25c
Regular 35c. ";-'.•; : * '
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen *%
"Regular 50c.
; Runkel Bros. ' (New York ) COCOA, 1-Ib can . 20«
Extra Special. Regular 23c.
Runkel Bros.' Pure Ground CHOCOLATE .
• ¦-'.; 1-lb can 25«
Regular 30c.
PLUM PUDDING, 1-lb can 208
Richardson and Robbins. Regular 23c. '
OLD CAL. BRANDY, qt bot ". .' . 750
Pure Grape Brandy. Regular $1 00 ** *
NEW EXTRA SUGAR CORN, 3 cans . . .25c
. Regular 12% c. Limit 3 cans. ' ' f
ZINFANDEL and CLARET, stone jags, gal 75c
Eight years old. Regular $1.00.
JAMAICA RUM, qt bat 75 C
Re'gu^r ld n 0O I>UCk ' une uale<l Purity.
RA SI Raisins., 3 pkgs. Sse/ pkg. . ;i4
Seeded Raisins. 3 pkgs. SSc.
COCKTAILS, Vermouth, Whiskey, qt bot 90c
Martini, Manhattan. Regular $1 "5
TABLE FRUITS, new pack, 3 ?i-Ib"cans 500
Re|uU r '2£ a c?n. AprlCOt9 - Ex " tra -
MONOGRAM 0. P. S. WHISKEY, gal $2.50
Special Request. Regular $3 50
BALTIMORE COVE OYSTERS, 3 cans . 25c
Regular 12% c can. --» ** * ..»
Scotch (Andrew Usher) Whiskey, qt bot $1 00
Old Valley Glenlivet. Regular «25
PETITS-POIS. French Peas, can. . . 12?-
Regular 20c. " ' 3
BOHEMIAN A. B. C. BEER, qts, doz $2 15
Pts. 1.4© doz. Reg 12.35 and $1.53 do* '
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE, sli ed, can. *15e
New arrival. Regular 25c.
MAMMOTH OLIVES, at bot 60c
Regular 83c. * ••••• -uw^
MUSHROOMS!' F. Le Court, can . ... . 22.V;
Imported. France. Regular 30c. J
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS 1
pr»c e Or f, e s Jlrr^ eedlnß * AS * tor S£«E
1348-13 Market Street,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 232. No Branch Stor ».
WHIPS, ROBES, BLANKETS
FOR TUB HOLIDAYS.
. Novelties— many of . them im-
ported—all new— most any price.
STUDEBAKEB RROS. COMPANY
OF 4 CALIFORNIA.
Market and Tenth Sc«. #
§DR. MEYERS CO.
/ j^^y\ SPECIALISTS FOR MEM.
(rMamw] Established ISSL Con-
V*. H sultation ana private boo«
I *^ -free -at office or by mall.
\ «Hf / Cures guaranteed.
\4&W 731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAS.:
Weak Men and Womeijt
SHOULD • USE . DAMIANA BITTERS THE
«» Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year